VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 61.
TAKES UP THE
CUBAN CAUSE
Recognition Favored by the
Foreign Relations
Committee.
CONGRESS SHOULD ACT.
American Interests Suffer Be
cause of the Strife on the
Island.
MORE THAN AN INSURRECTION.
The Fact That War Is Being Waged
Is Too Pair le to Be Longer
Ignored.
WASHINGTON', D. C, Jan. 29.— The
Committee on Foreign Relations of the
Senate took iinal action on the Cuban
question to-day. As predicted in these
dispatches would be the ca&e, the commit
tee found itself unable to report resolu
tions favoring belligerent rights, but it
took such action as may soon lead to prac
tically the same thing. Immediately after
t!ie Senate met Morgan reported to the
Senate the following resolutions:
ived. By the Senate (the House of Repre
sentatives concurring) that the present deplor
able var in the island of Cuba has reached a
magnitude tnat concerns all civiiized nations
to the extent that it should be conducted, if
unhappily it is lonp.>r to continue, on those
principles of law ana -warfare that are ac
knov.icdged to be obligatory on civilized
nations when engaged in upeu hostilities, in
cluding the treatment of captives who are
enlisted in either army ; due respect to cartels
for exchange for prisoners and for other mili
tary purposes: truces and flags of truces; the
provision ct proper hospitals and hospital sup
plies and services to the sick, and wounded of
either army. Be it further
Jtct;ulv€d, That this representation ol the
views and opinions of Congress be sent to the
President and that if he concurs therein that
he will ie a friendly spirit use the good offices
of this Government to the end that shall
be requested to accord to the armies with
which it is engaged In war the rights of bellig
erents, as the same are recognized under the
laws of nations.
The resolutions were accompanied by a
comprehensive report. Among other things
the committee says:
"The Congress of the United States,
deep]}* regretting the unhappy state of
hostilities existing in Cuba which has
again been the result of the demand of a
large number of the native population of
that island for it? independence, in a spirit
of respect and regard for the welfare of
both countries earnestly desire that the se
curity of life and property and the estab
lishment of permanent peace and of a
government that is satisfactory to the peo-
pie of Cuba should be accomplished. And
to the extent that the people of Cuba are
peeking the rights of local self-government
for domestic purposes the Congress of the
United States expresses its earnest sym
pathy with them.
"The Congress would also welcome with
satisfaction the concession by Spain of
complete sovereignty to the people of that
island, and would cheerfully give to such
a voluntary concession the cordial support
of the United States.
"The near proximity of Cuba to the
frontier of the United States, and the fact
that it is universally regarded as a part of
the continental system of America, identi
ties that island so closely witn the political
and commercial welware of our people that
Congresß cannot be indifferent to the fact
that civil war is flagrant among the people
of Cuba. Nor can we longer overlook the
fact that the destructive character of this
xvar is doing serious harm to the rights
and interests of our people on the island
and to our lawful commerce, the protec
tion and freedom of which is safeguarded
by treaty obligations."'
The committee emphasizes the fact that
the United States, in the various strug
gles between Cuba and Spain, has always
observed in perfect faitli all of its duties
toward the belligerents. Although diffi
cult, the task was performed with vigor,
impartiality and justice, in the hope that
Spain would so ameliorate the condition
of the Cuban people as to give them peace,
contentment and prosperity. The com
mittee says this result has not been accom
plished. The hospitality which our treat
ies, the laws of nations and of Christianity
have extended to Cuban refugees, has
caused, the committee adds, distrust by
the Spanish Government as to the fidelity
of the United States Government to its
obligations of neutrality. This distrust
has become a source of serious annoyance
to our people and has led to a spirit of re
taliation toward Spanish authority in
Cuba, thus giving rise, the committee
says, to frequent controversies between
the two countries. Continuing, the report
says:
"The absence of responsible government
in Cuba, with powers adequate to deal
directly with questions between the people
of the United States and the people and
political authorities of the island, has been
a frequently recurring cause of delay, pro
tracted imprisonment, confiscations of
property and the detention of our people
and their ships, often upon groundless
charges, which has been a serious griev
ance."
Further along the committee says that
the contemplation of unlawful invasion by
reckless persons when insurrections have
occurred in Cuba has given the Govern
ment of the United States anxiety, trouble
and much expense in the enforcement of
our laws and treaty obligations of neu
trality, and these occasions have been so
frequent as to mate these duties unreason
ably onerous upon the United States Gov
ernment. On the present struggle in Cuba
the report says:
"The devastation of Cuba in the war
that is now being waged, both with fire
and sword, is an anxious and disturbing
cause of unrest among the people of the
United States, which creates strong
grounds of protest against the continuance
of the struggle for power between Cuba
and Spain, and which is rapidly changing 4
The San Francisco Call.
the issue to one of existence on the part of
a preat number of the native population.
"It is neither just to the relations that
exist between Cuba ana the United States,
nor is it in keeping with the spirit of the
age or rights of humanity that this strug
gle should be protracted until one party or
the other should become exhausted in the
resources of men and money, thereby
weakening both until they may fall a prey
to some stronger power or until the stress
of human sympathy or the resentments
engendered by the long and bloody con
flict shouid draw into the strife the unruly
elements of neighb oring countries.
"This civil war, though it is great in its
proportions and is conducted by armies
that are in complete organization and di
rected and controlled by supreme military
authority, has not the safeguard of a car
tel for the treatment of wounded soldiers
or prisoners of war. In this feature of the
warfare it becomes a duty of humanity
that the civilized powers should insist
upon the application of the laws of war
recognized among civilized nations to both
armies. As our own people are drawn
into this struggle on both sides and enter
either army without the consent of our
Government and in violation of our laws,
their treatment, when they may be
wounded or captured, although it is not
regulated by treaty and ceases to be a
positive care of our Government, should
not be left to the revengeful retaliation
which exposes them to the fate of pirates
or other felons.
"The inability of Spain to subdue the
revolutionists by the measures and within
the time that would be reasonable, when
applied to occasions of ordinary civil dis
turbance, is a misfortune that cannot be
justly visited upon the people of the
United States, nor can it be considered
that a state of open civil war does not
exist, but that the movement is a mere
insurrection and its supporters a mob of
criminal violators of the law, when it is
seen that it requires an army of 100,000
men and all the naval and military power
of a great kingdom even to hold the al
leged rebellion in check.
"It is due to the situation of affairs in
Cuba that Spain should recognize the ex
istence of a state of war in the island and
should voluntarily accord to the armies op
posed to her authority the rights of
belligerents under the laws of nations."
In conclusion the committee says that
"the Congress of the United States, recog
nizing the fact that the matters herein
referred to are properly within the control
of the chief executive and within the prin
ciples of our constitution, it becomes the
duty of Congress to define the final atti
tude of the Government of the United
States toward Spain. It presents these
considerations to the President in support
of the resolution which the committee this
morning reported favorably to the Senate."
A minority report was submitted by
Senator Cameron. Cameron favored the
immediate passage of a resolution request
ing the President to interpose his friendly
offices with the Spanish Government for
the recognition of the independence of
Cubr, and in his report he cited much of
the history of the late War of the Rebel
lion to show the attitude of the Spanish
Government toward the Uniieu Siatea at
that time.
Wh^n the vote in committee was taken
several Senators were absent, but all pres
ent voted for the resolutions, which were
drawn by Morgan, among them being
Morgan, Todd, Gray, Turpie and Frye.
Members of the committee say that un
less Spain shows a speedy determination
SCENE AT THE OPENING OF THE CLOVERDALE CITRUS FAIR. SHOWING THE PRESIDENT, VICE-PRESIDENT AND MANAGER OF THE ASSOCIATION
AND OTHER PROMINENT PERSONAGES, WITH A PARTIAL VIEW OF THE EXHIBITS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 30, 1896.
Uncle Sam -"Rub That Out!"
to conduct her warfare against the Cubans
after the fashion of other civilized coun
tries she will be brought face to face with
the power of the United States exerted in
behalf of the Cuban insurgents within a
very short time.
The minority report of Senator Cameron
consists of twenty-four typewritten pages,
much of which is historical matter. Cam
eron says that early in 1869, during the
previous revolution, a proclamation was
signed by President Grant recognizing the
Cubans as belligerents, although the fact
was Known to very few persons. This
proclamation was not promulgated, owing
to the opposition of Secretary Fish.
During that war Mr. Cameron shows
that our Minister was directed to impress
upon the Spanish mind the advancing
growth of that sentiment which claims for
every part of the American hemisphere
the right of self-government and freedom
from trans-Atlantic dependence. The
| good offices of the Uaited States were
offered to the Cabinet at Madrid for the
purpose of bringing to a close the "civil
war now raging in the island of Cuba."
. Mr. Cameron reviews in detail the in
cidents connected with the proclamation
of ISG9, and coming down to recent times
1 says that President Cleveland has cleared
the subject of all preliminary doubts; that
a state of war exists in Cuba'and with that
and that alone we have to deal. Con
tinuing he says:
"If the United States still refrains from
Continued on Second Page.
PINAR DEL RIO OVERRUN
General Maceo's Small Force
Has Captured the Entire
Province.
Gomez' Passage to the Westward
Not Checked by the Spaniards.
The Hawkins' Loss.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 29.— Gomez has
gone to Pinar del Rio to join Maceo. The
latter has made a marvelous capture of the
western province. Xearly every town ex
cept the capital city and its port (Colma)
are occupied. The townspeople welcomed
the insurgent army, hoisted the Cuban flag
over the Town Hall, gave balls and fur
nished provisions, ammunition, horses,
supplies, etc.
Maceo »tarted with 200fcmen, brai now he
has over 5000 and is turning others away.
Several companies of Spanish volunteers
have joined Maceo.
The only serious engagements were
those of the 17th and 18th at Taironai,
which the Spaniards claim as victories but
which resulted in the capture of 100,000
rations by Maceo.
In the following towns Maceo appointed
Alcaldes and Secretaries and formed local
governments^ San Crystobal, Piacios,
Paso Real, Consolacion del Sur, San Juan
Martinez, San Luis, Guanemantua and
others of less importance.
It is reported that General Luque is mor
tally wounded, but this the Government
denies. Generals Navarro, Arison and
Luque are endeavoring to crush Maceo.
Gonez crossed the Trocha south of
Havana Sunday, going west, and ap
parently had no difficulty. He burned a
train Sunday afternoon this side of Guana
jay. He had an encounter with the
columns of Linarez and Algecom on the
Santa Lucia estate, twenty-five miles
southwest of Havana, Monday. The
troops used artillery. The officials ad
mit twelve killed on their side, but do not
give the Cuban loss. It is said to be
small.
The insurgents camped near the scene of
battle Monday night; Tuesday they en
tered Pinar province and proceeded in the
direction of Cuxajabos.
Gomez liaa about 4000 mounted men,
well armed, but short of ammunition.
With Gomez's army are four women sol
diers, wives of men. Each carries a rifle
and belt tilled with cartridges. They are
dressed in men's clothes. Maceo is said
to have the largest force now and also
plenty of ammunition.
The censorship is absolute. It is impos
sible to cable the truth under present ar
rangements. The only matter allowed to
go is highly colored accounts of battles,
rebel defeats and rebel atrocities. The
battles prove to be mere skirmishes, the
defeats fail to stop the rebel advance and
atrocities are never committed. The pa
triots preserve strict disoipline, and hang
camp followers whenever the latter com
mit crimes.
On the other hand, the withdrawal of
Campos is followed by reports that Span
ish volunteers have already begun shoot
ing suspects. The Cubans are fleeing from
the interior, where a reign of terror is said
to have already begun. Hundreds of
Cubans thrown into jail in Santiago prov
ince remain with only suspicion against
them.
The Aledo estate is the only one in
Havana province grinding cane. The in
surgents attempted to burn it Monday,
but driven away by a heavy guard of
troops. One estate in Santa Ciara is grind
ing and two in Santiago are reported to
have begun grinding.
The railroads operate spasmodically.
Armored cars containing troops are at
tached to every train.
The Cubans are greatly disappointed
over the disaster to Garcia's expedition.
The Government now has Gomez and
Maceo in the Western province and is in
creasing its force of men to prevent their
return. Horses are being taken for the
purpose of forming a cavalry force.
Clabk.
WAS THERE A TRAITOR?
An Enemy of Cuba May Have Cauted
the Haickin*' Xoft.t.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29. — The
utmost secrecy was maintained by the
Cubans in this, city regarding the move
ments of the filibusters who were on
board tue fishing steamer J. W. Hawkins
which foundered on Monday forty-five
mile east-southeast from Barnegat. A re
porter to-day found Salvador Arbors, who
had charge of the medical department of
the steamer Hawkins expedition. He said
that the trouble began on the steamer
Hawkins on Sunday at 11 o'clock.
In fact, she was then in a sinking con
dition, but the filibusters worked man
| fully to save her and the ammunition they
| had on board for their fighting countrymen.
But the vessel was doomed, and the am
munition had to be sacrificed and thrown
into the sea.
It is said that Mariano Alberich, one of
the men drowned, had resided in this city,
and that he was a member of a rich and
influential family in Cuba. He had been
sentenced to life imprisonment, but while
on parole in Madrid, two years aco, had
broken his parole and escaped. He came
to the United States, and he was enthusi
astic in the Cuban cause.
Jose Beneche, Albert Geleat, Captain
Gastan and Victor Gomez were among the
unfortunates who lost their lives.
At the office of the Cuban Junta to-day
one of the leaders, who refuses to allow
his name to be used, said there were grave
suspicions that the ship had been sunk by
i treachery.
"The situation is just this: Either the
ship was bad and we were terribly de
frauded in its purchase, or it was good and
there was bad faith among those on
The Hawkins was purchased through a
responsibie firm of high standing. She
was bought in Baltimore and was there
examined from stem to stern, hull and
machinery. She was pronounced stanch,
swift and seaworthy. The price paid was
a shade under $15,000. Of course there can
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE CLOVERDALE
CITRUS FAIR
Sonoma County Proudly In
vites California to Her
Exhibit.
THE PAVILION CROWDED.
Oranges Piled Upon Oranges in
Columns, Pyramids and
Arches.
AIR FILLED WITH FRAGRANCE.
Beautiful Display of Other Fruits.
Low Railroad Rates — Music
and Dancing.
CLOVERDALE. Cal., Jan. 29. — To
night Sonoma County invites all Cali
fornia, Sunnyside and the favored spots of
the south especially to show cause why
she (Sonoma County) shall not be known
hereafter as the place peculiar to the
orange and lemon.
To be sure, this challenge has been
posted up quite a long while, but to-night,
at Cloverdale, the county has set forth her
proofs, and declares that by them she will
insist upon her claim until some other
shall show a better— not in the quantity of
her product, be it understood, for she has
not long turned her thoughts that way,
but in the high average of what she has
produced.
The annual exhibition of the Cloverdale
Citrus Fair Association was formally
opened to-night, and will remain open
until Friday night, possibly until Satur
day, and, if there be any citizen of this
great State or any representative body
from any ambitious citrus-growing com
munity who may be disposed to take issue
in this matter, this is the time, here the
place. To facilitate the matter the rail
road rates nave been made especially low.
The great pavilion where the lair is
being held is at this writing crowded with
people, the Cloverdale band has just burst
into an inspiring air as though joining the
people in their applause at the close of
Professor E. W. Davis' address, which sig
nalized the opening of the fair for 1896.
Oranges are piled upon oranges in col*
umns, pyramids and arches. Orange ex
hibits flank orange exhibits in every
direction, relieved by exhibits of lemons,
olives, nuts, prunes, figs and the infinito
variety of citrus and allied fruits. The
crowds in attendance rind them on the
right and the left, in front and behind
them. And the air is fragrant and deli
cious with the commingled aroma.
And the odd part of it is that one man
in this crowd carries in his pocket written
orders for more than all the product of
♦his county and the three adjoining coun
ties in these several lines.
So it is not to induce purchasers or aid
sales that this exhibition is being held, for
the sales were secured before the fair was
planned. It is simply the pride of the
natives in their own— the things they have
accomplished. They build pyramids and
triumphal arches in oranges because they
can't very well help it. The oranges
themselves suggest such things. They
like to handle and smell them, and they
are certain that many other people from
less favored places would want to do the
same. So they heap them together in
prodigal profusion and start the band
playing and secure a reduced railroad rate
and then stand around and take delight in
the results.
To-morrow they have set apart to bestow
rewards uppn those among them who have
done better than their neighbors, and then,
the night following, all Cloverdale and the
surrounding country will go to dancing on
the wide floor of the pavilion above the
fair.
The exhibits this year are very properly
a matter of pride. They astonish unfa
miliar visitors, very many of whom have
not learned to what perfection the orange
and lemon grows at a day's journey north
of San Francisco. The exhibits brought
together under the roof of the pavilion by
the Fair Association are only a small part
of what these visitors are treated to. For
the orchards immediately in and about
CJoverdale are, this 29th day of January,
80 laden with oranges and lemons that the
careful grower has supplied another forest
of props for the limbs. A complete ex
hibit of oranges is credited to one man —
the secretary of the association — measur-
ing l'S}i incheo in circumference, and
there is a single orange that measures 14}^
inches.
It is generally admitted that the fair is
dated too early by two or three weeks.
Many of the exhibits show fruit of the
finest quality that is still somewhat green,
and shows further possibilities as to size.
There was some misunderstanding also
as to the date of opening, both with the
general public and the exhibitors. As a
result many of the exhibits even to-night
require a finishing touch or two. The cut
rates on the road do not go into effect
until to-morrow, so that the attendance to
night was almost entirely of Cloverdale's
own people. To-morrow, however, big
delegations are expected and promised
from Santa ltosa, Healdsburg and other
points along the line, as well as smaller
representations from places further away.
This fair is an exclusively Sonoma
Connty institution. No man living be
yond its boundary can lay claim to any
part of the credit f or the very handsome
showing made. It is the direct work of
the Cloverdale Citrus Fair Association,
which this year has incorporated with a
capital stocic of 15000. The purpose is to
encourage the cultivation of citrus fruits
within the geologic and climatic belt which
ha 3 its center here and extends through
two adjoining counties, and which, it has
Champagne Imports in 1895.
According to Customs Statistics G. H.
Mumm's Extra Dry aggregate 79,049 cases,
or 45,125 cases more than of any other
brand. By chemical analysis of Professor
R. Ogden i)oremus, Mumm's Extra Dry is
the purest and most wholesome champagne2
been demonstrated, so greatly favors their
growth. To that end, as stated, no out
sider is permitted to encroach here, and a
very persistent applicant for space here
from San Francisco was refused.
Captain John Fields is the president of
the association and W. T. Brush vice
president and treasurer. George B. Baer
is secretary, and C. E. Humbert, F. W.
Brush and M. Minehan are directors.
Ground has been bought on Main street
opposite the pavilion, where the preeent
fair is being held, where a new brick pa
vilion will be built for the permanent use
of the association.
It was 8 o'clock when the opening exer
cises began. The pavilion was brilliantly
lighted, and the general decoration of the
hall, which has gone forward day and night
during the week under the intelligent and
energetic direction of T. 15. Wilson and
Sam Sample, was complete. The walls
and pillars of the big hall were swathed in
white and orange and olive buntine, which
accorded very prettily with the color tone
of the exhibits.
A small forest of palms was arranged at
the entrance, and other palms and vines
were made to play an artistic part in the
sreneral decoration within. A part of the
hal: is Riven over to refreshment and candy
booths, while two or three native wine
exhibits and a big windmill made almost
entirely of dried fruits add variety and
eive life to the scene. The bip arms of the
windmill are kept revolving by a water
motor.
The Cloverdale brass band had hepn dis-.
coursing music for some time, while the
people gradually rilled the aisles in the big
hall.
President Fields and others of the offi
cers took their places on the platform, and
with them Professor E. W. Davis of Santa
Rosa, principal of trie public schools of So
noma County, who was to make the open
ing address, and was so introduced. He
was primed to the topic in hand, and
began by congratulating the people of
Sonoma County on the favors that nature
Lad 30 liberally bestowed upon them. He
had the best of authority for saying that
the orange, lpmon, lime, citron and shad
dock felt more at home in this valley than
in almost any place in the world. The
reason was the peculiar climatic and geo
logical conditions that exist here. The
evidence of these peculiar conditions was
shown not only in the fruit which they
had grown but in the world- famed eeysers
only a few miles removed from this build
ing, together with other signs of internal
heat. Within this belt were thousands of
acres adapted to the culture of these
fruits.
These geologic conditions gave to the
fruit their quality of flavor and the acids
that made them so paiatab!e and refresh
ing. No other single fruit had the great
medicinal value as had the lemon, for
which man everywherecraves. in 1592,
he said, according to Government reports,
there were imported into this country
$4,831,334 worth of citrus fruits, and in
ie«rly as much more. Why not sup
ply this splendid value from the orchards
at home? This same Government authority
asserts that California was better adapted
to the culture of these fruits than any
other country in the world.
The speaker then went on to say that in
this valley there hre more favoring condi
tions at hand than had yet been even
brought into use. These fruits could be
bttter grown under the electric light than
otherwise. They developed more rapidly
and possessed finer qualities than' was
possible by the mere light of the sun by
day.
This valley by use of the electric light,
which could be secured at trifling cost,
might be brought to its very highest devel
opments. The Russian River and the
reservoirs of Blue Lake and Lakeport
could furnish vaterpower for a thousand
dynamos, besides supplying the means of
irrigation if need be. He had it from the
lip 3of Luther Burbank, he said, that
wizard of fruit and vegetable culture, w!io
had given to the world so many new
varieties of both, that Northern Sonoma,
Southern Mendocino and Western Lake
counties were the natural home of the
best varieties of nuts— the place where
they could be brought to their best— the
almond in its softest shell, the English
walnut, the pecan and also the Smyrna fig.
"It is a part of the history of the world,"
said the professor, "that where these
things nourish there is also a healthful
climate, a natural sanitarium. There
men and women grow, like their
fruits, to a physical perfection
matched nowhere else, and with these
to also morality, social and intellectual de
velopment — manhood and womanhood
treading toward their highest planes.
"Now," continued the speaker, "what is
there that we lack? We have abundant
water for every need, we have climate,
soil, the means for transportation and the
people to produce and to exhaust our sup
plies. The market? San Francisco will
distribute your wares whithersoever they
may be called for. It is the key to the
whole world. I may say right here that I
have in my pocket orders for more than
this big valley or the hills, too, for that
matter, for what I have said applies in a
large part to them, have produced this
year."
The speaker then went on to explain the
value in the matter of health of the mere
presence of trees, how they absorbed and
gave out moisture. He encouraged the
young to plant trees as being an excellent
monument to themselves.
The entire address was timely and in
structive and was well received. It formed
the only ceremonial of the opening. The
people applauded, the band played and
the business of the fair began. Much of
this immediately centered about the re
freshment booth, keeping Mrs. F. W.
Brush, Mrs. J. N. Athertonand Mrs. U. A.
Thilo, who are in charge, busy for the bal
ance of the evening. The candy booth, in
charge of Misses Lizzie Hall and Maud
Graham, shared these honors.
Prizes will be awarded to-morrow, and
on Friday evening the fair will close with
a grand ball. On account of the mis
understanding about the opening day it is
possible that the fair may continue through
Saturday.
PRIVILEGES TO VET ERANS.
One Railroad Will Ignore the Passenger
Association's Action.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 29.— As expected
the Chicago and Great Western Railroad
to-day appealed to Chairman Caldweli for
relief from the action of the Western Pas
senger Association in refusing to extend
the limits of the Grand Army Encamp
ment tickets to thirty days. The chairman
'must render a decision within five day 3
and under the circumstances it will be
against the appellant.
The Great Western will then give the re
quired ten days' notice to the association
lines tJat it will take individual action by
extending the limits to thirty days.
Jo/if L. Sullivan's fall.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 29.— A dispatch
from Galva, 111., says that John L. Sulli
van fell from the rear end of a Rock Island
and Pcoria train i:oiug thirty miles an hour
between Galya and Lafayette, 111., this
morning while on his way from Rock
Island to Springfield, 111., where he was to
appear at the opera-house to-night. It is
tbougat he was not seriously hurt.
TILLMAN UTTERS
BITTER WORDS
Denunciation of Cleveland
and Carlisle in the
Senate.
RULED BY WALL STREET.
The One Styled a Hireling and
the Other "That Judas From
Kentucky."
" WHY IS HE NOT IMPEACHED ?"
President and Secretary Accused of
Prostituting Their Offices to
Monopoly.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.-The
speech of Senator Tillman to-day, ostensi-
bly in favor of the free" coinage substitute
to the bond bill, but really in denunciation
of the President ana the Secretary of the
Treasury, was one of the most bitter.' -
worded orations ever delivered on the floor
of the upper chamber.
Tillman was on this occasion a splendid
combination of actor and orator, giving
the Senators and spectators two hours of
entertainment. The way in which he
spoke of the President might have exposed
him to interruption and censure, but
seemed to be rather enjoyed than found
fault with. He described him as bull
headed and self-idolatrous.
"Never," said he, "had the high office of
President been so prostituted and never
had the appointing power been so abused.
With relentless purpose he had ignored
his oath of office and given no heed to the
interests of any but his moneyed friends —
his owners or partners."
He spoke of Secretary Carlisle as "that
Judas from Kentucky, who had in his old
age come to a pitiful pass," and referred
to the other Southern members of the
Cabinet, the Secretaries of the Navy and
Interior, as "apostates from the prin
ciples."
"Mr. President," the Senator bDgan, "it
is not saying too much, and I feel war
ranted in charging, that the derangement
in our finances and all this cry about
sound money and maintaining the honor
and credit of the United Slates are all
part and parcel of a damnable scheme of
robbery, which had for its object, first,
the utter destruction of silver as a money
metal; second, the increase of the public
debt by the issue of bonds payable in gold,
ami third, the surrender to corporations
of the power to issue all paper money and
give them a monopoly of that function."
Senator Tillman referred to the Sher
man silver law of 1890, and in this connec
tion said:
"The silver Republicans of the West,
who had deserted the silver Democrats of
the South and accepted the com promise
offered by Senator Sherman, may take
warning as to what faith and trust they
can put in any utterances or actions of
the Senator of Ohio as to legislation in re
gard to cur finances. Tlie time for an
other Presidential election approaches.
They must understand that the election of
any man to the Presidency who would
veto a free coinage bill means defeat. It
means more; it means continued disaster
to our industries and increased poverty to
the masses of our people.
"Under the Sherman law," he con
tinued, "there was a diminution of the
amount of free gold in a gradually
decreasing scale, but not enough to cause
any alarm. During tiie entire year of IS9I
and and the entire year of 1892, there was
approximately as much gold as there was
during ISS4 and 1885."
Discussing the repeal of the purchasing
ciause/>f the Sherman law lie said:
•'Democrats and Republicans vied with
each other in the furtherance of the policy
which had been formulated and steadily
pursued by the Senator from Ohio. When
the Senate met there was an acknowledged
majority of men open and outspoken in
their determination to stand by the white
metal, and who were elected on that issue.
But the process of debauchery oegan and
slowly the Senate yielded. In ninety
days the deed was done and the chains
were riveted on the wrists of the toiling
millions. Did the raid on the treasury
stop?"
Discussing then the tariff bill, which
passed in the regular session following, he
said:
"It is true he (the President) did not
sign and allow it to become a law with his
approval; but here, again, we have a spec
tacle of charlatanry and hypocritical as
sumption of superiority to his party, which
has always marked his career. The tariff
law which he repudiated as unworthy, in
volving 'party perfidy and party dishonor,'
is the sheet-ancnor to which he clinga."
And, again, referring to the President:
"If he was honest at the start (and I am
willing to grant that much), his associa
tion with Wall stree'. and his connection
with wealthy men had debauched his con
science and destroyed all sympathy with
the masses."
Further on, in discussing the gold ques
tion, he said:
"Rothschild and his American agents
graciously condescend to come to the help
of the United States treasury in maintain
ing the gold standard which has wroujjht
this ruin, and only charges a small com
mission of $10,000,000 or so. Great God!
that this proud Government, the richest,
most powerful on the globe, should have
been wrought to so low a pass that a Lon
don Jew should have been appointed its
receiver and presumes to patronize us !
"The responsibility of providing reve
nue and looking after the solvency of the
treasury, which rests with Congress, has
been usurped by the President. Why is he
not impeached?
"The encroachments of the Federal ju
diciary and the supineness and venality —
corruption I may say — of the representa
tive branches of the Government are causes
of deep concern to all thinking and patri
otic men. We are fast drifting into gov
ernment by injunction, in the interest of
monopolies and corporations, ana the Su
creme Court, by one corrupt vote, annuls
an act of Congress looking to the taxation
of the rich.
"The struggle from 1861 to 1865. which
drenched this fair land with blood, was to
emancipate 4,000,u00 black slaves. We are
fast approaching a condition which will
place the collar of industrial bondage
around the neck of ten tirues that many
white slaves. A day of reckoning will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
come unless there is no longer a just God
in heaven ; and when it does come woe be
to those who have been among the oppres
sors of the people.
"The present struggle is unfortunately
too much like that which preceded the
late Civil War, inasmuch as it is sectional.
The creditor and the manufacturing
States of the North and East have
grown inordinately wealthy at the expense
of the producing classes of the South and
are urging this policy with the be
sotted blindness of Belshazzar."
It was easy to see, the Senator said in
conclusion, that the struggle for the new
emancipation had been begun. There
were millions now on the march and they
tramp, tramp, tramp — tramp sidewalks
hunting work and the highways begging
bread— and unless relief comes they will
some day take a notion to come to Wash
ington with rirles in their hands to regain
the liberties stolen from them or which
their representatives have sold.
Mr. Tillman spoke for exactly two hours,
delivering with great dramatic power and
effect the last sentence in whiA be pre
dicted a National cataclysm unless "you
take your hands off the people's throat
and give them an opportunity to breathe,
to work, to live."
As soon as he resumed his seat the
session practically broke up, nearly every
Senator rose and left the chamber and the
crowds Hocked out of the galleries.
TAKES UP THE
CUBAN CAUSE,
Continued from First Page.
recognizing the belligerency of the in
surgents after conclusive proof of the fact
the reason doubtless is that in the absence
of any legal complications the question
becomes wholly political and its true solu
tion must lie not in a recognition of
belligerency, but in a recognition of in
dependence.
"In 1375, when the situation was far
from being as serious as it is now, Presi
dent Grant, after long consideration, de
cided against the recognition of belliger
ency as an act which might be delusive to
the insurgents and would certainly be re
garded as unfriendly to Spain. He de
cided upon a middle course. He proposed
to the Spanish Government a sort of inter
vention which would establish the inde
pendence of Cuba by a friendly agreement.
In doing so he not only necessarily recog
nized both parties to the conflict as on an
equal plane, but he also assured Spain
that if such mediation should not be ac
cepted, direct intervention would probably
be deemed a necessity on the part of the
United States. Spain proffered a promise
to the insurgents' terms so favorable as to
cause for a time the cessation of hostilities.
"Siuce then twenty years have passed.
The insurrection, far from having ceased,
has taken the proportions of a war almost
as destructive to ou-r own citizens as to the
contending Darties. The independence of
Cuba was then regarded by the President
of the United States as the subject of his
intervention, and has now become far
more inevitable than it then was. Evi
dently the Government of the United
States can do no less than to take up the
subject precisely where President Grant
Jeft it, and to resume the friendly media
tion which he actually began, with all the
consequences that would necessarily fol
low its rejection.
"Confident that no other nation than
this accords with our friendly relations
with Spain, our just sympathy with Spain,
our just sympathy with the people of Cuba
and with our own dignity and consistency,
I recommend the following resolution to
the consideration of the Senate:
Resolved, That the President is hereby re
quested to interpose his friendly offices "with
the Spanish Government for the recognition of
the independence of Cuba.
A resolution heretofore offered by Call
(D.)of Florida, requesting the President
to report to the Senate in regard to the
arrest at Havana of three American citi
zens, Mark E. Rodriguez and Louis Sou
mell.in and son, and to demand their im
mediate release, was reported back from
the Committee on Foreign Relations with
the last clause struck out, and was also
placed on the calendar.
STILL FAST IN THE SAND.
Wreckers Unable to Move the
St. Paul More Than a
Few Feet.
Will Make a Supreme Effort to Float
the Steamer With This Morn
ing's High Tide.
LONG BRANCH, N. J., Jan. 29.— The
silvery January full moon beamed brightly
on the steamer St. Paul to-night, but con
trary to expectations the event of the oib
of the night was not attended by the
presaged full tide, consequently the ship
remains on the beach. Neither was the
longed-for easterly wind forthcoming.
At the morning flood tide, which was
full at 8 o'clock, an attempt was made to
float the ship. Three monster tugs pulled
themselves aimost out of the water in their
efforts to move the vessel. The kedge
anchor and capstans were utilized, but
with this combined power the ship moved
only fifty feet and then refused to budge an
other inch. No attempt was made to move
the St. Paul this afternoon.
During tne morning the crew set to work
lightening the ship. The lifeboats, davits
tackle and in fact every piece of detach
able dect fixture was removed and piled
on a lighter.
The two topmasts were also lowered to
centralize the weight. The last piece of
cargo was taken out this morning, conse
quently the ship is many tons lighter than
yesterday.
President Clement A. Griscom of Phila
delphia, with his son Clement Jr., arrived
to-day by special train over the Pennsyl
vania road. They boarded the steamer at
4 o'clock with the intention of remaining
on her till she floats, providing it is not
later than to-morrow evening. Mr. Gris
com is satisfied that everything possible is
being done to save the vessel.
The wrecking masters have everything
ready for the supreme effort which is to
be made to-morrow to float the steamer.
The trial will take place after 8 o'clock,
and if this is unsuccessful they will not
renew their efforts until there is a storm
tide. The railroads carried thousands to
this place to-day. Some of the visitors
came from a distance of 300 miles to view
the ship.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, D, C, Jan. 29.— The
treasury gold reserve to-day stood at
$150,268,339. The withdrawals for:tne day
were $110,600.
CHOATE PLEADS
FOR HIS CLIENT
Eloquence in Behalf of
Mrs. Stanford and the
University.
END OF THE ARGUMENT.
Decision in the Famous Case
May Not Be Rendered
Before March i.
SUPREME COURT'S ATTITUDE
Significant Remarks in a Colloquy
at the Close of Conrad's
Efforts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.— The
argument in the Stanford case was con
cluded to-day in the Supreme Court, J. H.
Choate speaking for Mrs. Stanford ana
Solicitor-General Conrad for the United
States.
A colloquy at the close of Mr. Conrad's
efforts was believed by those who heard it
to have a significant bearing upon the
attitude of the court. The Solicitor-
General was urging upon the court his
contention that under the constitution
and laws of the State of California the
stockholders of the Central Pacific Com
pany were individually liable to the
United States for its debts to the Govern
ment, when Mr. Justice Gray remarked:
"Mr. Solicitor-General, I did not know
that it had any bearing on it, but in 127 th
United States Statutes this court held
that the Central Pacific had a franchise
from the United States."
Solicitor-General Conrad — Yes. sir; they
did, but that was where there was an at
tempt on the part of California to tax the
franchise of that company, and this court
did hold beyond question. Judge Bradley,
I believe, delivering the decision, that the
California company had a franchise of its
own.
Justice Gray — The difficulty, ''n my mind,
was this: That the court there, as I re
member it, in reference to the taxation of
franchises within the State of California,
said that must have included the fran
chise from the United States, and because
it included a franchise from the United
States, therefore the taxation was void.
The reason I suggested it was to see how
you reconciled that decision <»r what you
thought should be done with it in order to
carry out your view in this case.
The Chief Justice— lt seems to me that
Judge Bradley's language is that the fran
chise of the United states is independent,
though collateral to the State franchise.
Mr. Conrad— He does say so; and Justice
Davis says that this company was invested
with every important franchise. Justice
Bradley, in another place, says that this
company was invested by the United
States with a fundamental franchise. I
do not know the meaning of those terms.
I suppose a fundamental franchise is the
franchise of being a corporation, it is a
creative act, and 1 had supposed that
those terms were just as my learned com
petitor here has referred to as terms that
were used by the .] adges arguendo — not in
volved in the decision at all.
At this point the Solicitor-General be
gan arranging his papers, as if to leave,
although he had spoken only about an
hour, when the Chief Justice said: "You
may have more time, Mr. Conrad."
Mr. Conrad — I am tired.
And the presentation of argument in the
creat case was ended.
In concluding his plea for Mrs. Stanford
Mr. Choate said that he rested the case
upon these propositions:
"First, that Congress, for its own ends
and purposes, intended in the whole busi
ness covered by the Pacific Railroad Com
pany to make itself and did make 'itself
absolute master of the situation, not to
rely upon the aid of any State, or the laws
of any State, nor to permit the interference
of any State, or the laws of any State, but
to be self-sovereign, supreme, absolute
and sufficient for the whole business, and
by its own laws to cover its whole scope
and to regulate the entire relations of par
ties in lespect to all that each party was to
do or receive; that all companies were to
be on a footing of absolute equality, and
• the Central Pacific was not singltd out
alone among them all to furnish to the
Government substantial indemnity in the
shape of stockholders' liability to the
amount of $60,000,000, while no other com
pany was to furnish a dollar of such in
demnity.
Second— That by the law of Congress, as
construed by its own courts, which this
court will follow, there was no such thing
a? an individual liability of stockholders
existing in the California corporation at
the time the contract was made between
the Central Pacific Company and the Gov
ernment, and hence the defendant cannot
be liable.
Third— That by the law of California, as
construed by its own courts, which this
court will follow, if there was such liability
it was only qualified liability, limited to
the condition that it should mature and
be enforceable within three years from the
date when the liability was created, and
when the United States made their bonds
for thirty years they necessarily excluded
the possibility of any stockholder's lia
bility being predicated upon them or at
tached to them.
FouTth — That by the true construction
of the act of Congress, illustrated and
guided by the Thurniun act and by the de
cisions of this court, the companies them
selves are not absolutely unconditionally
liable for the repayment of bonds, but
they are only to be paid upon the condi
tions and in the manner provided in the
act, and therefore defendant is not liable.
"I wish 10 call the attention of the
court," said he, "to some matter contained
in a brief of special counsel in California
which I think the learned Attorney-Gen
eral must have inadvertently adopted,
wherein certain gross personalities against
the memory of Senator Stanford are in
dulged in as arguments to the court. It
is suggested that somehow or other those
projectors, as lie calls them, have made
profits which they ousht not to have
made. If the estate of Senator Stanford
is liable to the Government on any such
ground let them come boldly forth and
say so. Let tiieni come out into the open
and not skulk behind this artificial,
lictious, pretended, unfounded claim of"
stockholders' liability.
"And now, if the court please, I earn
estly ask for as speedy a decision of this
case as is consistent with the other duties
of this court, and I think I may properly
in this connection refer to the terrible ex
igencies pressing upon this defendant,
whom I represent. Her time is very short,
necessarily short. The great university to
which she and her husband have dedicated
this property is in daily danger of being
compelled to close its doors. Will not the
court give her an opportunity in her own
lifetime, either to reinstate it so that it
may recover from the shock that this liti
gation has put upon it, or, if there must be
such an end, then to bury it with honor
and decency?"
"Perhaps I have gone too far in making
that suggestion or speaking of this uni
versity at all, but if I have there is great
precedent for it in the history of this court.
I have read that when the greatest of
American lawyers was pleading here for
Dartmouth College at the close of the
greatest argument, perhaps, ever delivered
in this court he appealed to his personal
love and the love of many others for that
little college in the hiils where he was
nurtured, and you could hear his great
heart beat, they said, in tne silence that
followed tnat appeal. And may not this
defendent appeal, not only to her own
love for thi3 great institution which she is
founding, but to the love of all the people
of this country — for the steps of its youth
are trending there from every State in the
Union — may she not appeal at least for a
speedy decision of the cause?"
The Supreme Court will take a recess in
few days and the decision cannot be hand
ed down in the Stanford case before March
at the earliest.
KRUGER FEARS TREACHERY
Warns Possible Disturbers That
They Will Be Severely
Dealt With.
Consul Manion Denounced to Secretary
Olney by a Johannesburg
Citizen.
PRETORIA, South Africa, Jan. 29.— 1n
view of the fact that several of the mining
companies operating in the South African
Republic are considering the project of
closing their mines, President Kruger has
issued a proclamation asserting that he
has reasons for suspecting that this action
is prompted by the same spirit that pro
voked the recent disorders in the Trans
vaal, and he therefore, while promising in
every way possible to promote the supply of
native labor and otherwise to protect and
develop the mining industry, warns any
persons who may create a disturbance in
the republic that the most severe penalties
will be enforced.
OLNEY'S AID INVOKED.
Consul Jtlanion'a lneomjtetency Made
Plain to the Secretary.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.— Henry
Butters of San Francisco arrived at the
Shoreham Hotel to-day in company with
Mr. Trusto of New York. The latter is an
intimate friend of John Hays Hammond
and Mr. Butters' brother, who was im
prisoned at Pretoria, but was released on
bail.
The gentlemen consulted Senator Per
kins this morning about the character of
Manion, consular agent at Johannesburg.
Mr. Butters resided for four years, at
Johannesburg and is well informed as \to
ti.e situation there. Trusto also lived in
the Transvaal. They both alleged that
consular Agent Manion was altogether
unfitted to act as American agent at
Johannesburg. Acting upon Senator Per
kins' advice, they saw Secretary O'ney this
mornine and represented to him that
Manion was an ignorant man and not able
to write a grammatical or respectable com
munication to President Krueger.
They told Olney that Manion was sent
there by William R. Grace of New York
as a mechanic to introduce a drill, and
that through Grace's influence he was
made American consular agent. Butters
declares that Manion, although ignorant,
was egotistical and ambitious to shine in
society; that he was practically ostracised
by the best Americans of the Transvaal
country, being blackballed from several
clubs, and consequently Manion had no
love for Americans there.
''He hates the American colony as much
as they despise him," declared Mr. Butters
in a conversation with Secretary Olnev,
"and will do as little as he is able to do to
protect their interests."
They asked that a special diplomatic
agent be sent to Johannesburg. Mr. Olney
did not promise to do this, but suggested
that it might be as well to appoint a con
sul at Cape Town. American Consul Bene
dict died some time ago, and since that
time Mr. Knight, a British subject and
also consular representntive of France and
Germany, had acted as American vice
consul.
The salary of the American Consul, held
by Benedict, is only $2000 per annum. Mr.
Olney can appoint his successor at that
salary, but if it seems desirable to raise
the grade of this office he will recommend
to Congress that the salary of this office be
increased so that a first-class man may
represent American interests in Africa.
The diplomatic and consular appropria
tion bill passed the House yesterday, but
it could be amended in the Senate through
the efforts of Senators White and Ferkinb
if Secretary Olney should make this recom
mendation.
The Idaho Senators have received a
cablegram from V. H. Clement, one of the
Americans arrested, stating that every
thing is <juiet at Pretoria and Johannes
burg, and that there is no imminent
danger to any Americans, but urging that
Shoup and Dubois co-operate with other
Senators to secure fair treatment and trial
for all Americans. Mr. Butters declares
that the Boers have no use for Americans.
He says Krueger is the real power and
there is no Richelieu behind the throne
and that Krueger is the man to communi
cate with.
DUCK-HUNTING AGAIN.
The I'resident Goes Upon a Jaunt to the
Virginia Marshes.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 29.—Presi
dent Cleveland returned to Washington at
8:45 this evening from his Quantico duck
hunting expedition. His only companions
on the voyage were Dr. O'Reilly and Cap
tain Laruberton, lighthouse inspector, with
Captain French in charge of the Maple.
The party reached Quantico at 2 o'clock
this morning and at 0 o'clock began their
sport, which continued, excepting ail in
terval for dinner, until late in The after
noon. The Maple did not leave the hunt
ing grounds until 6 o'clock in the evening.
Captain Lamberton was the President's
companion on the hunt.
No unusual incident characterized the
Presidents reception at the wharf. Hl3
carriage was there in waiting, but with no
attendant beside the coachman. No van
was necessary to convey the pame that fell
victims to the President's gun. The total
number of ducks was thirty -two.
ENGLAND'S GRAB
IN THE NORTH.
Preparing to Reopen the
Alaskan Boundary
Dispute.
VAST TRACT CLAIMED.
This Government Alleged to Have
Usurped Three Million
Acres.
STEATEGIC POINTS INCLUDED.
Clarence Strait to Be Declared the
Dividing Line Between the
Two Countries.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Jan. 29. — The
Star's London special says: Lord Salis
bury and Right Hon. Mr. Chamberlain
have been considering the result of inqui
ries into the records nere made on behalf
of British Columbia, which shows that
the United States has no right under the
Anglo-Russia treaty of 1825 to three mil
iion acres of land opposite Prince of Wales
Island, on the Pacific Coast, which is of
high strategic value and which the United
States has usurped since buying Alaska.
The records of the dispatches of Bagot to
Lord Canning show that Clarence Strait,
and not Portland Inlet, is the correct
boundary.
It is suggested that the Canadian mem
bers of the Alaskan Boundary Commission
have been misled into assuming the cor
rectness of the United States' assumption.
PINAR DEL RIO OVERRUN,
Continued from First Page.
be no public investigation, but a private
one will be instituted.
The Hawkins nad on board 117 souls all
told, of which 101 were volunteers and a
crew of 16. Fifty more were expected, but
in the hurry of leaving port these men
were left behind. There was plenty of
room for them on board.
A large number of sympathizing callers
at the residence of General Garcia, 256
West One Hundred and Twenty-ninth
street, were informed this morning that
the General and his son Charles were both
ill and could not be seen.
It was rumored to-day that Senor Palma,
president of the junta, had tendered his
resignation. This is not true and Senor
Palma to-night said:
"I will not resign or abandon my post
until Cuba is free. The resolution of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs is the first
step toward our recognition of belligerent
rights, which will come later on. The re
port that we have been the victim of a
traitor is false."
Notwithstanding Senor Palma's denial
many Cubans believe the filibusters were
belayed.
WILT, TAKE TWO YEARS.
General Wtyler Realizes That lie Has a
War on His Hand*. *
[Copyright, 1896, t>y James Gordon Bennett. J
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 29.— A Cadiz dis
patch to La Discusion reports that be
fore embarking for Cuba yesterday Cap
tain-General Weyler said that he would be
quite satisfied if he should succeed in sup
pressing the rebellion within two years.
A Madrid dispatch to the Diario de la
Marina quotes General Weyler as express
ing no surprise that such large numbers of
the people as reported should emigrate
from the island since his appointment was
gazetted, and as having intimated that
many more would leave before he reached
Havana.
A party of 600 rebels on Sunday after
noon were within a league of Matanzas
City, at a point known as Encrucijada de
San Pedro. On Monday the same party
raided the village of Cidra, seized the
Mayor's seal and destroyed the archives.
The transport Cosme Herrera left Havana
at a late hour last night with 450 regular
troops, destined to re-enforce Matanzas
and Cardenas.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Report of the Reinstatement of Night In
spector of Customs Harbinson Is
Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.-In
tormation reaohes "Washington to the
effect that Collector Wise denies the cor
rectness of the report in The Call this
morning that the night inspector of cus
toms has been reinstated. The report is
correct. The Call correspondent saw the
following letter to-day :
Tbeasury Department, )
Washington, January 28. \
Hon. 8. G. Hilborn, M. C: I have the honor to
inform you that the department has this day
ordered Mr. Harblnson to be reinstated as in
spector of customs at San Francisco Yours
respectfully, Scott Wike,
Acting Secretary of Treasury.
Senator Stewart to-day reported favor
ably from the Committee on Claims the
bill refunding to California, Oregon and
Nevaua moneys expended by them in aid
of the suppression of the rebellion
Stewart also introduced a bill for the relfef
of P. S. Corbett.
A. P. "Williams was to-day appointed
postmaster at Naples, Santa Barbara
County, vice J. H. Williams, resigned. A
postoffice was to-day established at Clover
Elko County, New, with Charles F. Row
land as postmaster.
Pensions for Californians — Original:
John Lane, Mare Island; Charles Whal
len, Monticel.o. Original widows—Eliza
A Course
Of medicine for purifying the blood and
building-up the system is needed now. A
few bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla will give
strength of nerve, mind and body.
Sarsaparilla
laMthe One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
Honrt'« £>■ lie the after-dinner pill and
11UUU S> f IH2» family cathartic. Usu.
beth Armstrong, Los Angeles; Helen
Eleyer, San Francisco.
MRS. HEARST ENTERTAINS.
Jiistintjuixhed Personages Partake of a
Dinner at Her Some.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.— Mrs.
Hearst entertained at a handsome dinner
Just night Chief Justice and Mrs. Fuller,
Justice and Mrs. Harlan, Mexican Minis
ter and Mrs. Romero, Brazilian Minister
and Mrs. de Mendonca, Major-General and
Mrs. Miles, General and Mrs. Greely, Mr.
and Mrs. Anthony Pollock, Mr. and Mrs.
Arnold Hague, Professor Langley, Mrs.
Kincaid ana Professor Gates. American
Beauty roses and ferns filled the large
dishes, and Dresden shades were on the
candles.
Miss Mary Quay Wed*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29.— Miss
Mary Quay, eldest daughter of Senator M.
S. Quay, was married this evening at the
family* residence to Louis K. Davidson of
Beaver, Pa.
NEW TO-PAY. '
Come Quick!
Get Your Pants!
To-day is the last day;
those big piles of pants are
melting fast, and to-night
ends the greatest Pants Sale
San Francisco ever saw.
Don't put it off, but come
to-day and get a pair of
pants for less than half their
real value. Here are a few
sample prices from among
the lot:
Bull Breeches, guaranteed
never to rip. $i 35.
All-wool Pinheads and
Hair-line Stripes 3 $2 50. |-
All-wool Cheviots and Cas-
simeres, $3.
All-wool Worsteds, $4.
These prices hold good
until 8 o'clock to-night; not
a minute longer. Are you
coming?
H. ROMAN
& CO.,
COR. FIFTH AND MARKET STS.
■ ' ■ . ■ ■'- ' ■ ■ ■ ■•■;-■ ' •*.
Mail orders from the country mailed up
to .8 p. m. will be filled. > - - •"; '-• -
'-. ■
A Fact
Conceded
The Big Shoe Factory
gives you better returns
for your dollars than any
other shoe house in this
city, _
-583 MARKET ST.
COUGHS AND GOLDS
KLVS %N£OLA BALSAM is a sum. Bern*
edy for coujjhs, colds, sore throat and for asthma.
i 111 JftSraSS^^^"" abates the couch and
|«^P^^ 1 1 U\SI MPTIVES
MBHcbmf^i&Sl aUjm^F consumption are only
X S^arog^^ff^^^^S^ seated couch, often
W VV^^^TjS?3S?^Sf aggravated by ca-
L\l\\ Xj^/^iiSlj l **^ tarrh. Tor catarrh
usa Ely's Cream Bairn, tioth remedies are pleasant
to use. Cream Balm, 60c per bottle; Piaeoia Bal-
sam. 25c. Sold by Druggists.
ELY BROTHERS. 68 Warren at.. New Tort.
MENACES
' -~^^ Quickly, Thorouahly,
jf^ \f&& Forever Cured.
ff J&i"^ \k Four out of five who
f \^\ w suffer nervousness,
If 11 mental worry, attacks
Forever Cured.
Four out of five who
suffer nervousness,
mental worry, attacks
\ M«x^fe?i fl of "the blues." are but
v /m^j^^SV // paying the penalty of
\=£S2££222^2y|/ early excesses. Vic-
tims, reclaim your
manhood, regain your
vigor. Don't despair. Send for book with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
THESLCCESSOF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE ...
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. :
Sk &V Gibbol1 's Dispensary,
V Disease. Lost Manhood Debility or
mKENTUCKY LAW
IS DISREGARDED
Provisions of the Southern
Pacific Charter Are
Ignored.
YOKE OF THE OCTOPUS.
Methods Adopted in California
Used Also in the Blue
Grass Country.
OUT OF THE STATE'S CONTROL.
Branch Lines Onerated Under Outside
Charters— No Kentucky Office
Exists.
LOUISVILLE, K.Y., Jan. 29.— 50 far as can
be learned, that astute eld 'railroad king,"
Mr. C. P. Huntington, has left very im
portant points of attack on the charter of
the Southern Pacific Company uncovered.
He has apparently neglected to comply
with the only provision of his charter that
has any reference to the State of Ken
tucky, Section Bof said charter provides
as follows:
The company shall keep an offir-o for the
transaction of business, and the clerk or assist
ant clerk of said corporation shall reside
within the State of Kentucky; but the said
corporation may keep offices at such places
outside of this State as in the judgment of its
board of directors its business may from time
to time require; provided that nothing herein
contained shall be construed as granting any
lottery or banking privileges.
Sec. 9. This act shall take effect immediately
Upon its passage.
This provision has never been amended
or repealed. It is plainly mandatory and
not permissive.
Presumably such office would be located
within Frankfort, the capital, or in the
city of Louisville, the metropolis and rail
road cenier of the State, where the general
offices of the Chesapeake, Ohio and South
western Railroad, t!ie western division of
the Newport News and Mississippi Valley
system, one of Huntington's transconti
nental links, are located. There is no such
office in Frankfort nor has there ever been,
nor, as far as The Call's correspondent
can learn, in Lexington or Covington.
If it is in the city of Louisville it is not
easily found. A careful examination of
Caron's Louisvilie directory from ISBS to
:1s to find any mention even of such
an office or such a company as the South
ern Pacific Company. Men intimate in
Louisville railroad circles for the past
twenty years fail to remember ever having
heard of or seen such an office. The
directory for 1895 gives H.s other offices in
this city as follows:
Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad, ticket office
253 Fourth street.
Chesapeake, Ohio and Southwestern Rail
road, general offices I'nion depot, 126 Seventh
erreet; ticket offices 403 West Market street.
short Route Transfer Company, 126 Seventh
street.
But it maTces no mention of the South
ern Pacific office.
In KentuckyJMr. Hnntington follows his
general plan of operating his roads in each
State under charters obtained in other
States, so as to avoid being responsible to
or under the control of the State courts.
His lines from the Mississippi to Newport
News are operated by the Newport News
and Mississippi Valley Company under a
charter procured in the State of Connecti
cut, and whose general offices are in New
York City.
This company, of which Mr. Huntington
is president, operates the lines east from
Louisville to Newport News under the
name of the Chesapeake and Ohio Rail
road, of which the general offices are in
Richmond, Va. It operates the line from
Louisville to Memphis under the name of
the Chesapeake, Ohio and Southwestern
Railroad, with the general offices at Louis
ville, where General John Echols, the sec
ond vice-president, is stationed. This gen
eral office, as well as the office of the
Louisville Short Route Transfer Company,
by which the Eastern and Western divi
sions of his lines are connected, are in the
new Union depot building at Seventh and
Water streets, which Mr. Huntington built
Borne years ago. The general offices of the
Newport News and Mississippi Valley
Company are not located in Kentucky,
but in New York City.
So the people of Kentucky are as much
in Mr. Huntington's power as those of
California. They have felt and groaned
under the burden for years. The principle
of charging all the freight that the shipper
could bear has been persistently followed
all along his lines in Kentucky, and enter
prise has been throttled and the projectors
bankrupted. The disposition of the peo
ple and the temper of the Legislature are
certainly hoßtile to Huntington's sys
tem, and the opportunity to strike a
killing blow to the octopus will hardly be
allowed to slip. It will soon pass and will
probably never come again. The Legisla
ture i 3 full of new men pledged to reform
existing abuses, and their disposition is to
do so.
But Huntington's lobby is on the ground,
and its members know how to use "argu
ments" to advantage. It is possible that
in a few days more they might have
enough of the new men committed to
them to give them, with the old standbys
whom the late election tiaal wave left, a
safe majority.
Goebel is a strong man and an energetic
one, but lie has other matters to look aft°r
besides this, and even if he had not- he,
with such volunteer assistance as he may
have from other members, can hardly hold
his own against the powerful influences
thru Huntington is bringing to bear in
Frankfort.
With the proper support Goebel can
pass bis repeal bill; without it Hunting
ton will win.
BOWERS' ELOQUENT PLEA.
An Appeal for California Before the
llotitr Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29,'— The
House Committee on Pacific Railroads re
sumed its hearings to-day, Representatives
Bowers, jiarham, Hiiborn and
Johnson and ex-Representative Geary be
ing present. The Central Pacific attorneys
were also on hand. Mr. Bowers talked
for an hour and a h-lf and was followed by
Barnam. Mr. Bowers said :
Duriiig t.ie bearing yesterday one of your
number asked Mr. Thurber, who came before
you, whom he ap D eared for. The answer, if I
remember correctly, was, "For the New York
Board of Trade," and I think for some other
business organization or Its agent, to urge the
passage of the funding bill. Anticipating the
same question 1 desire to say that I claim to
represent in this matter 150,000 American
citizens— the great majority of the people of
the Seventh Congressional District of Calitor
nia, a very large proportion of whom are farm
ers or producers, who make railroads possible,
who furnish them business. I am opposed to
the passage of any funding bill, and in this
position I am confident I represent forty-nine
out of every fifty voters of the district which
sent me here.
I am opposed: First— Because it is against
public policy. Second— lt would be a premium
offered those who have misused the Govern
ment's bounty. Third— lt will in my judg
ment establish a fact beyond any argument that
there is to be one code of civil and criminal
law in this country for powerful corposations
and multi-millionaires and another and differ-
ent code for common citizens; that an act
which is held to be dishonest and a misde
meanor by a common citizen, »nd for which
act he shall be punished, is to be condoned
and rewarded when committed by any of these
great corporations or persons counting their
wealth by millions— it is impossible to escape
this conclusion. Fourth— To my mind no
justification can be offered for a funding
bill in these cases. It is asked for by
those who have profited by abusing the
people's bounty, by speculators and bond
manipulators. Fifth— Any funding bill will
continue in power the grievous monopoly
which has for the past twenty-five years
held the Pacific Coast in its merciless grip, and
which has been enabled to do this only through
the powerful aid of the Government, which has
built and turned over to the use of said mo
nopoly nearly 2000 miles of road free of cost,
thus enabling it to dictate to every other road
and to all the people. Sixth— The funding bill
is not a pood business proposition— a proposi
tion solely in tne interest of parties who have
betrayed every trust committed to them, whose
every promise has proved false. Seventh— ln
view of the past record of the parties for whose
benefit the proposition is made, no guaranty
can be given that they will prove more faithful
to any contract now made for future fulfill
ment than tney have been in keeping their
contracts in the past.
I am amazed that these parties, in view of
their past record, now have the hardihood to
ask the Governmeni — without apoiogj or ex
cuse for their misdeeds— to ask them to con
tinue their outrageous business methods for
fifty years more; that through the strong arm
of the Government the people of the Pacific
Coast shall continue to bear this grievous yoke.
I know, of course, that no person who is un
acquainted with the workings of this Govern
ment-established, Government-assisted and
; Government-protected monopoly realizes whßt
; this proposition means; that to those who are
I not informed it appears a mere question of
money.
But there is a question above this mere mat
ter of money. Xo funding bill gives any prom
ise of recovering any part of a debt; better by
far surrender all claims, make the whole debt
a present to these parties at once and done
with it.
But I assert there is no need to sacrifice any
part oi the debt due the Government, and in
support of this assertion I propose to quote the
last, report of the Secretary of the Interior. He
shows that the average net receipts for the
past ten years of the Union Pacific were nearly
$4,000,000. The annual interest on first
mortgage bonds, amounting to $1,633,740, is
included In expenditures.
That the average net receipts of the Central
| Pacific were $1,415,206, and that the interest
on first-mortgage bonds is included in expen
ditures, thus bringing the total net receipts of
\ the roads to an average ot $5,229,380. Add
i three millions that the Government would save
on interest if it took the roads and it would
make a net sum of over eight millions a year
above expenditures. The Secretary goes on to
say:
"It will be seen that the average net earnings
of the Union Pacific and Central Pacific main
lines during the past ten years had been
$8,181,220, while the total amount of the
firit-mortgage bonds and Government bonds
issued upon the main line, less sinking iund
for the main line, is $152,245,551.
"This annual net profit shows the properties
to have earned nearly 6 per cent on the entire
amount which the Government has paid and
would pay if it were compelled to discharge
the first-mortgage bonds. This being the case,
it would seem to "be a clear business proposi
tion that the Government ought not to lose,
even if it should be compelled through fore
closure to collect its debt."
Again he Eays: "As the original Government !
bonds and first-mortgage bonds are about j
due, they might be paid off at their face value,
and as a Government 3 per cent bond is worth
more than par at the present time, there would
be no difficulty in utilizing a new 3 per cent I
bond to pay off or call in both of the other is- !
sues.
"It will be seen that if such course were pur
sued by the Government, and this property
averaged in the future the same net profit that
it has during the past ten years, it would earn
sufficient to pay 3 per cent on the bonds which
the Government would be compelled to issue
and yet leave a yearly net margin of $3,089,
--963."
Thus the Secretary clearly shows that these
roads are paying 6 per cent, and the Govern
ment can get money at 3 per cent, which
would in effect make the net receipts at least
$10,000,000 per year from the two roads—suf
ficient in twenty years to pay the whole debt.
Besides this, there would be over 16,000,000
acres of unpatented lands returned to the
public domain, worth at least $25,000,000. It
must be remembered that during these ten
years the Central Pacific has been leased to
the Southern Pacific and all the trade possible
diverted from it to the Southern Pacific.
There is no doubt that during the first fifteen
years of life of the roads, their earnings were
enormous through excessive tolls collected for
freights and fares.
It is probable that not less than $300,000,000
! was cleared up by their directors during this
period, and yet with all those immense profit?
the owners of these roads refuse to pay one
penny of interest on bonds, the Government
having paid $105,000,000 for them. The
i whole transaction was deliberately planned Dy
running lawyers to swindle the people, and
. that the scheme should pass the scrutiny of so
many great lawyers and statesmen then in
Congress calls Into question either their hon
esty as representatives or their capacity as
lawyers.
Where have theFe railroad earnings gone?
The immense aggregations of wealth now con
trolled by a few individuals, being the result
of the earnings of these roads, compounded
with the great Government subsidies of lands
i and bonds, are apparent to every man who has
I eyes to see. To-day, while these roads have
! contended that they were unable to pay in
j terest on these bonds, wp find that every real
j director and owner (I don't refer to numerous
■ dummies employed by real owners as direc-
I tors) have grown enormously rich.
It is apparent that there is a scheme to be
I engineered by certain parties to urge foreclos
; ure i roceedings, and have these roads imme
diately sold at prices not to exceed forty mil
lion, and thus get possession of these proper
ties cleared of all incumbrances— a speculation
that in the matUr of profits would discount
the Belmont-Morgan syndicate operation.
Mr. Chairman, if there is any one thing that
I railroad corporations of this country do not
i want to see it is the experiment of Government
i operation of a railroad upon an honest bisis;
I the water-soaked, sodden corporations of this
country will prevent this experiment being
| tried if in their power to prevent.
They fear the result, and so they attempt to
scare the people away from a plain bu.siness
proposition whereby they may protect and
benefit themselves. These corporations know
that in other countries government ownership
of railroads has proved a great success, and we
believe It will be a success in this country.
You have all probably read a notice in the
papers within the last few days that freights
were to be advanced 70 per cent by the South
ern Pacific Company, and from $7 to $ VI per
ton by thy Ppcific Mail Steamship Company.
As you all knuw, the latter company is a part
of the Southern Pacific system.
Now that company has renewed Its contract
with the Panama Railroad, giving it substan
tially a monopoly of that road, destroying any
competition and placing California absolutely
at its mercy, at such rates as the road may
charge, and the Pacific Mail refuses to take
freight at any price, that the same may be
forced over the railroad.
Mr. Chairman, it is time to call a halt. We
believe tiiat funding bill will be a glittering
cheat, but will only glitter till it ripens into
law; then the tinsel mask will fall away and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
there will stand revealed that same old grind
ing monopoly grinning at us and saying,
"What are you going to do about it?"
The man who first gave currency to that
question learned in his lifetime that "though
the mills of the gods grind slowly they grind
exceeding fine." The American people are slow
to anger, but once aroused their power is irre
sistible, and I caution the toll-takers not to
press the producers, the common people, be
yond the limit of endurance.
Bowers was frequently interrupted by
questions asked by members of the com
mittee, but was quick-witted and ready.
He not only answered every question, but
invited attack.
Judge Barham also addressed the com
mittee, opposing the funding scheme and
favoring foreclosure. Judge Magulre said
to a Call correspondent to-nifiht:
"From the questions asked and the sug
gestions made by the members of the Com
mittee on Pacific Railroads, I judge that
the majority of the committee is already
predisposed in favor of what is known as
the 'Smith funding bill.' Under the
terms of that bill the debts are to be
funded for a period of 100 years, with in
terest at the rate of 2 Der cent per annum,
except for the first ten years, the rate for
that time to be 1 per cent.
"I do not think the difference between
that bill and the Reilly bill worth discuss
ing. Either bill would continue the
monopoly of that company for at least
fifty years, unless the States should, for
self-protection, build or in some way se
cure a new competing transcontinental
road. Of course, the Central Pacific Rail
road Company will not, except perhaps
for the first ten years, carry out the terms
of any refunding bill. Nobody expects it
to do so. But it will pay the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company for that period
to make the 1 per cent payments required
by the Smith bill in order to prevent com
petition with other railroads.
"At the end of that period the wrecked
and dismantled road, -with neither rolling
stock nor traffic, will be surrendered to the
Government, which will then, in fact,
acquire practically nothing more than
what Mr. Huntington has facetiously
called 'two streaks of dust and a right of
way.' As everybody Knows the life of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company is ab
solutely limited to fifty years, and no
contract made by that company will be
worth the paper on which it is written
after June 1,1911."
PREPARING FOR A WAR
Manser Rifles to Be Distributed
Among the Turkish
Troops.
Demands of the Macedonian Govern
ment Will Be Resisted by
the Sultan.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 29.— Telegraphing
from Constantinople the United Press cor
respondent says: An irade has Deen issued
I by the Sultan which appropriates for
! xirgent state requirements the sum of
• £120,000, belonging to the official pensions
S fund lying in the Ottoman Bank. An
| other irade has been issued directing the
: distribution to the troops of a large quan
j tity of Manser rifles. These acts are be
| lieved to have been regarded as necessary
I in view of the Macedonian movement de
manding concessions from Turkey.
HOPEFUL OF SUCCESS.
Mi** Clara Barton and Her Party Arrive
at Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON, Eno., Jan. 29.— The
American line steamer New York, having
on board Miss Clara Barton, president of
the American National Red Cross Society,
and her staff, who are on their way to
Turkey to distribute relief to the suffering
Armenians, arrived at her dock at 11
o'clock to-night. A representative of the
United Press boarded the steamer when
she reached the dock and secured an inter
view in her stateroom with Miss Barton
and Mr. Pullman, her secretary.
When shown by the Press representative
the announcement that the Porte had
agreed to permit persons nominated by
Hon. A. W. Terrell, the United States
Minister at Constantinople, to distribute
the fund for the relief of the Armenians,
Miss Barton said she was very glad to see
that the Sultan had accorded such permis
sion, which she considered a great conces
sion after all that had been said against
Turkey.
She preferred to say nothing concerning
her mission, except to tell the American
people ihat the committee of the Red
Cross Society had not altered its plans,
which were to proceed to Turkey and
there decide what to do. Further than
this they really had no plans.
Mr. Pullman said it was possible that
the Sultan would permit the relief fund to
be distributed under the auspices of the
Red Crescent Society, which is the Turk
ish branch of the Red Cross. If this be so,
the committee will avail themselves of the
privilege.
Miss Barton and her companions will
proceed to-morrow morning to London,
where they will remain for a few days.
They will then proceed for Constantinople,
stopping in Paris for a short rest on their
way.
Arrive at Zeitoun.
LONDON, Eno., Jan. 29.— The Daily
News to-morrow will print a dispatch from
its Vienna correspondent stating tliat ad
vices received there from Constantinople
say that British and Italian Consuls ar
rived at Zeitoun on the 28th inst. after a
terribly fatiguing journey, during which
they encountered severe snowstorms.
JNaxif I'aaha Reinttated.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Jan. 29.—
Nazif Pasha, who was Minister of Finance
until a short time ago, has again been ap
pointed to that office.
ROENTGEN'S SYSTEM TESTED.
Organ* of a Patient Photographed
Through thn Flesh.
VIENNA, Austria, Jan. 29.— Dr. Nues
ser, professor of medicine at the Vienna
University, showed this afternoon by
means of photographs taken by Roent
gen's newly discovered system, the pres
ence and position of calcarous deposits in
the bladder, liver and kidneys of a subject.
The Mahdi Overthrown.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 29.— A dispatch
from Cairo to the Pall Mall Gazette says
that a revolution has broken out in Khar
toum and that the tribes from the interior
have come to the support of the Mahdi's
former followers and overthrown him.
The IMotcern Jtelayed.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Jan. 29.— The Brit
ish steamer Miowera, Captain Stott, hence
for Vancouver, has returned with her ma
chinery slightly out of order. She will
effect repairs and sail in a day or two.
The Thakur of Khanagur Dies.
BOMBA.Y. India, Jan. 29.— His High
ness, the Thakur of Rbanagur, is dead.
He was 38 years of age and a Knight Com
mander of the Star of India.
HOWELL POINT
LEVEE BREAKS
Fifteen Thousand Acres of
Yolo's Best Wheat
Land Flooded.
THE LEVEES NO BARRIER
Crop Prospects of This Vast
Body of Land Are Utterly
Ruined.
NAMES OF PROPERTY-OWNERS.
The Backwater Is Higher Now Than
at Any Time During Last
Winter.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— A break
occurred in the Howell Point levee late
this afternoon, and a great volume of
water is flooding 15,000 acres of the finest
wheat land in Yoio County. The back
water is higher than at any other time
during last winter. The levees were no
barrier against the waves driven by the
high north wind. Many thousands of
acres of grain are now under water, and
the crop prospects of the whole body of
land are doomed.
This levee runs from Sycamore Slough
southeast to Howell Point at the county
line between Yolo and Colusa, and the
district to which it has heretofore afforded
protection comprises some of the best
farming land in the State.
The following is a partial list of the
property-holders in the district: Jonn
McPike, 2700 acres; J. H. Balcsen, 2250
acres; J. W. Browning, 3000 acres; W. H.
West, 500 acres; A. Poundstone, 1300
acres; Robert Cosner, 720 acres; S. W.
Boyer, 640 acres.
THE STORM AT CHICO IS OVER.
Work Will yoie He Commenced in Earn
ncst on the Jlanches.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. 29.— The storm, that
has been racing here for the last three
days came to a sudden halt last evening
about 10 o'clock, when the clerk of the
weather gave us a new deal in the way of a
regular old-fashioned hailstorm, which
lasted half an hour. No damage was done.
This morning is bright and clear and not a
cloud is to be seen. Work will commence
now on the ranches in earnest.
WILL ACCEPT THE TEXAS.
Machinery of the yew American Battle
ship Gives Satisfaction.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— A Herald
special from Washington says:
There is a strong probability that Secre
tary Herbert will accept unconditionally
the machinery of the battle-ship Texas.
All but $80,000 has been paid to the Rich
mond Locomotive Iron Works, the build
ers of the machinery, and in view of the
time that will elapse before the Texas is
again ready for sea the linn is anxious to
get its money.
For more than a year the machinery has
been completed. It gave satisfactory re
sults during dock trials at the Norfoli
Navy-yard, and on the showing thus
made the Secretary directed that all but
but $30,000 on the contract be paid,
\ the remainder to be settled when the
I official trip of the shin took place.
The trial occurred several weeks ago,
and a satisfactory run of three hours Mas
had, when the water Hooded the engine
rooms and prevented the successful com
pletion vf the trip. Then came the orders
to put the ship out of commission. An
i other trial cannot be run off until about
| six mouths hence, when it is expected that
the alterations to the battle-ship will be
completed.
The Navy Department is making prepar
ations for the trial of the torpedo-boat
Ericsson in Long Island Sound when the
weather permits. I'assed Assistant En
gineer Bryan and Assistant Engineer
Beach will represent the bureau during
the run. Upon the results obtained dur
ing this trial will depend the enforcement
of Secretary Herbert's decision to accept
the vessel preliminarily.
LOVES ALL AMERICANS.
Robert Lout* Steventon's Friend Re"
ceives Impressions in Samoa.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan. 29. — Judge
James H. Mulligan, United States Consul
to Samoa, who returned to his homo here
Saturday night, was given a banquet last
night at the Navarre. At the banquet he
made an address, the most remarkable
part of which was the following:
"When I was away off on that little
speck of land in the Pacific Ocean and
looked across the vast stretch of sea to the
storms that were agitating this country I
could see no Democrats and no Republi
cans. It was America. The English, the
Germans and all the others are against
America, no matter what the diplomats
may say.
"I feel that I have learned more in the
last two years than I have ever learned
before. I have borne my part in the bat
tics of politics, Dave spoken bitter words,
but when I stood under that mighty crag
on tliat far-away speck in the ocean and
helped to lay him to rest whom I had
learned to love and who I believe had
learned to love me, Robert Louis Steven
son, I felt that if I ever got back home
I would never speak an unkind word to a
fellow-countryman, but would do all I
could to bind ud any wounds that I may
have caused."
JUROR SOULE WAS DRUNK.
Bis Untimely Debauch Regarded as Con-
tempt of Court.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Jan. 29.— At the
opening of the trial yesterday of Dan
Keller, his wife and his sister on the
charge of murdering Clara Shanks, the
court and the counsel on both sides were
surprised to find one of the jurors drunk.
The jury had been sworn in the night be
fore but allowed to separate to arrange
their domestic and business affairs prep
aratory to a long siege in what promises
to be one of the most famous murder trials
over held in this State.
Juror Soules, a well-to-do farmer, had
been out all nijiht, and, after he had made
his devious way to the one vacant seat in
the jury-box, blinked for an hour while
the crowd stared at him and the Judge
and lawyers were consulting ns to the best
method of proceeding without the danger
of mistrial.
Finally the defense, by agreement, made
a motion to discharge the jury and excuse
permanently Juror Soules. Then the
eleven were resworn and a new juror ob
tained. Soules was placed under bond to
answer for contempt of court.
Plate* for the Oregon Shipped.
BETHLEHEM. Pa., Jan. 29.— The Beth
lehem Iron Company is pushing work on
Government contracts. To-night four tur
ret top plates for the battle-ship Oregon
were shipped to the Union Iron Works at
San.Francisco.
DEMPSEY WILL GO FREE.
A. Pardon to Be Granted the Homestead
Voiaoner.
HARRISBURG, Pa,, Jan. 29. —At a
meeting to-day of the Board of Pardons
action was taken on the case of Hugh
Dempsey, the Homestead poisoner, and
his pardon will be recommended. Demp
sey was convicted and sentenced to a long
term of imprisonment for poisoning the
drinking water ana food of the non-union
men during the famous strike at the
Homestead works of the Carnegie Steel
Company.
General liucat Dead.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 29.— General Ar
thur C. Ducat, a distinguished officer dur
ing the War of the Rebellion and one of
the foremost fire insurance agents of Chi
cago, died to-day at Downers Grove, a
suburb of Chicago.
CLOSING CONT RACTS AT FRESNO.
Jtemovitig Obxtntctiona in the Way of the
Local Valley Railroad.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 29.— The local Val
ley Railroad committee are rapidly closing
contracts for a depot site, rights of way
through Fresno and a junction site south
Of town for Hanford and Visalia branches.
A stumbling block of two lots, part of
the depot site, belonging to Mrs. ±L C.
Nicholson, has been contracted for, as well
as twenty-five lots on Blackstone avenue,
the property of Sach & Lewison and H. P.
Hedges. Also right of way through five
acres owned by George Selby has been
purchased. When these transactions are
completed there will be a clear right of
way through Fresno and its additions.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Clearing Grounds for the Erec
tion of the Rose Carnival
Pavilion.
Building to Commence at Once— Hours
and Pay of Mechanics
and Laborers.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— The building
committee of the Rose Carnival are having
the grounds cleared for the erection of the
pavilion and it is expected that building
will commence about February 15. The
committee proposes to let the plumbing,
tinniner, painting, sewering and founda
tion work by contract. The rest of the
work will be done by day labor, and me
chanics and laborers of this city will be
given the preference. Eight hours will
constitute a day's work and mechanics
will be paid from $2 50 to $3 per day and
laborers $1 75 to $2.
The Garden City Cyclers will dedicate
the pavilion on April 25 by giving a first
class entertainment, in which only local
talent will participate.
DEATH OF A GERMAN DIVINE.
.Ret-. C. H. Afflerbach, a rioneer Minister,
lasses Away.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— Rev. C. H.
Afflerbach, for many years presiding elder
of the San Francisco conference of the
German Methodist Episcopal Church and
until last September pastor of St. Paul's
German Methodist Episcopal Church of
San Francisco, died at his home near this
city this morning.
The deceased was born in Germany 68
years ago, but moved to New York
when quite young, and was sent to Cali
fornia as a missionary about forty years
ago. For so mo time he had been in deli
cate health, but his death was hastened by
a runaway accident last September, when
he sustained severe injuries from which
he never recovered.
Dr. Afflerbach was looked upon as one
of the leaders among German Methodists
upon the Pacific Coast. He was a man of
scholarly attainments, and has been for
many years one of the trustees of the
University of the Pacific. His funeral will
be held in this city on Friday.
A WIT NESS ON A SPREE.
Given Twenty-Four Hours in Jail for
Contempt of Court.
SAX JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— When the
appealed case of C. H. Corey vs. Crane,
Henry & Co. of Los Gatos, to recover $100
on a Dank check drawn by J. W. Morrell,
an employe of the detendant firm, was
called for hearing In Judge Lorigan's
court Morrell failed to put in an appear
ance and a bench warrant was issued for
him. He was brought into court in an in
toxicated condition and Judge Lorigan
sentenced him to twenty-four hours in jail
for contempt of court. The case was con
tinued until to-morrow morning.
A VICTIM OF APOPLEXY.
Jin Old Resident of Mountain View
Found Dead.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— Christopher
Masa, an old resident of Mountain View,
died suddenly yesterday afternoon of apop
lexy. He was found dead in a sitting
posture on a wood pile. Coroner Secord
was notified and an inquest held. Masa
was a laborer about 53 years of age. He
was born in California and has lived at
Mountain View for the past twenty years.
SUING FOR A STREET.
lhe Town of lon Gatos Brings Action in
the Superior Court.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— The town of
Los Gatoa to-day began suit in the Superior
Court against E. S. Whitney for possession
of that part of Whitney avenue between
Btacla street and Nicholson lane. In the
complaint it is alleged that Whitney
avenue was used as a public highway from
December 1, 1889, until December 24, 1895,
when plaintiff took possession of the street
and obstructed it to public use. Plaintiff
asks for restitution of said premises and
$500 damages.
Released on $1000 Bonds.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— Theodore
Murray, who has been confined in the
County Jail here for several days on a
charge of defrauding the Los Gatos Bank
out of $500, was arraigned before Justice
Beggs of Los Gatos to-day. He entered a
plea of not guilty, ana his examination
was set for March 10. He was released on
$1000 bonds.
Suspected Robbers Jailed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29.— Hy Wilson
and Russell Harris, the men who were
arrested at Gilroy yesterday on suspicion
of having robbed the Five-mile House on
the Monterey road, Saturday night, were
brought to the County Jail this morning
by Deputy Sueriff Gardner. When ar
rested they were trying to dispose of some
of the stolen property.
Judgments Against a Canning Company.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 29.— Judge Lori
gan to-day rendered the following judg
ments against the Los Gatos Canning
Company: Sisson, Crocker & Co. of San
Francisro, $9440 45; Eagle Automatic Can
Co., $1198 04; F. H. Green, $1957 95; Lon
don and San Francisco Bank, $8798 29. A
decree of foreclosure and sale was issued.
Runaway Prisoner Captured.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 29. —Joe Lamboda.
who escaped from Constable Coschino
Monday evening while being taken to jail
to serve 100 days for misdemeanor embez
zlement, was captured iast evening while
in hiding in a house on West Santa Clara
street.
THE TRUCKEE
ICE CARNIVAL
Excursion Trains Will Run
Next Saturday and
Sunday.
MANY PEOPLE EXPECTED
The Toboggan Slide in Fine Con
dition and the Fun Will Be
Fast and Furious.
GOOD SLEIGHING TO LAKE TAHOE
The Round-Trip Figures Nominal— A
Healthy Outing That All Will
Enjoy.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. 29. -Excursions
have been arranged for Saturday and Sun
day, and the Ice Carnival Company have
assurances of hundreds of people coming
to witness the many winter scenes of this
mountain town. The toboggan slide is in
good condition once more, and will fur
nish rare sport for the excursionists. It is
conceded by people who have experienced
it that this alone is worth a trip to Truckee.
Secretary Burckhalter of the carnival
company returned to-day from San Fran
cisco and reports that there will be at
least three carloads of people up here at
the end of the week, and the company are
preparing to entertain them on an exten
sive scale. The most enjoyable and inter
esting attraction will be a sleighride to
Lake Tahoe, which will be the first excur
sion party that has visited the lake and
seen it in the solemn and impressive
grandeur of its winter robes.
Teams, have been employed for several
days past breaking ihe road to Tahoe and
to-night the road was clear from Truckee
to the lake. It is as hara as ice and smooth
as glass and a ride over it is a treat seldom
offered to people in this State. The charge
for the round trip will be placed at a nomi
nal figure. All the sleighs have been
bountifully provided with warm rugs, and
excursionists need have no apprehension
of cold or discomfort. Ben Campbell, who
has charge of the hotel at Echo, was sur
prised to see men coming in there at this
time of the year. Usually he sees no
white men from early winter until spring,
and with the exception of a few Indians
he is the only inhabitant within a radius
of fifteen miles.
The railroad has volunteered to come to
the assistance of Truckeeites and it is
learned from Trainmaster Akers will show
an inducement to excursionists in the form
of exhibiting the mammoth rotary snow
plow in operation, which augers its way
through huge drifts of snow and out of its
funnel-shaped stack throws clouds of
beautiful snow high into the air.
In addition to this there will be the or
dinary pushplow rotary Hanger and the
headlight clow.
All in all there will be such a host of at
tractions as will be a surprise to the
most skeptical. For those who wish to
indulge in the pastime of tobogganing
while at the lake a natural slide 300 feet
long has been broken for that purpose.
Here the tobogganists may slide down the
hill between the lofty pines and stop a
short distance from the edge of the water.
Skating contests have been inaugurated,
and many experts will perform on the
glittering ice. Visitors will have an oppor
tunity of witnessing the harvesting of ice
from the ponds and see it drawn up into
the immense houses by means of an end
less chain and blocks which run down into
the water.
HIS ANTICS WERE QUEER.
Testimony of Witnesses in the
William Christ Trial at
Sacramento.
The Man Was Unnaturally Cool
and Seemed to Be in a
Dazed Condition.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 29.— Almost
all the witnesses who testified in the Christ
trial to-day claimed that they had noticed
that defendant's actions were not those of
a rational being, and, although testifying
for the prosecution, they one and all had
observed the same peculiar air and manner
in which Christ had acted when in the
presence of the dead body of his wife.
Dr. Haight, after describing the appear
ance of the room in which the woman lay,
said: "I told Christ to run back to the
house and get some ammonia, but Christ
said he did not think it was necessary, as
his wife was dead."
Witness then said that he examined the
body and found that life was extinct. He
then asked Christ to give him his revolver
and Christ did so.
Witness then told the story of the killing
as related to him by defendant. Christ
seemed to be perfectly cool. He stooped
down over the body once and said, "Oh,
my poor wife." He said this in a very
peculiar tone. He explained several times
how the shooting was done.
Once witness saw Christ step across the
body of his wife, instead of going around it.
On cross-examination, witness said that
Christ was unnaturally cool. He seemed
to be in a sort of dazed condition. His
manner was altogether out of the ordinary.
Witness did not believe that Christ real
ized what he was doing when he stepped
over his wife's body.
At the time witness took the revolver
from him he did so because he feared that
Christ might take his own life. Christ
was perfectly docile, and gave up his pistol
without a murmur.
A number of other witnesses were pnt on
the stand, but their testimony elicited
nothing new in the matter. It is thought
that the prosecution will conclude their
testimony to-morrow.
TO COMMAND THE SEAS.
Captain Tuttle Ordered to San Francisco
JFrom Port Town* end.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 29.—
Captain Francis Tuttle, one of the best
known and most popular commanders in
the revenue service, who for the past six
months has been stationed here superin
tending the construction of the new reve
nue launches, to-day received orders to
proceed at once to San Francisco to as
sume command of the United States
steamer Bear, the commander of which is
at present undergoing court-martial at the
Bay City. It is thought here the appoint
ment is only temporary.
NEW '- TO-DAT.'
V fy^- \\ \ >/ ' fl
ONLY A SHORT TALK
OTTJES.
Great Winter
Clearance Sale
OX 1 .
$80,000 WORTH
OX 1
MEN'S AND BOYS'
Fine Clothing
WILL BE SACRIFICED UNTIL
SATURDAY NIGHT
AT 11 O'CLOCK.
Wm SUITS cut down to $4.95,
$8.90, $11.45.
If we don't save you 50 per cent on each
Suit or Overcoat you buy of us during this
Great Clearance Sale we give you the best
Suit of Clothes or Overcoat for NOTHING.
BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S SUITS FROM
$1.45 to $4.95.
SOLD FOR DOUBLE THE PRICE.
H. SUMMERFIELD
<& CO,
926, 928, 830 MARKET STREET
1
Special attention paid to Mail Orders.
Money returned if goods not satisfactory.
You want your clothes to
fit, don't you ? Won't have
i them unless they do.
Just the same with your
office chair. It should fit.
Some chairs are large,
some small ; too large— bad;
too small — worse.
Better come and pick one
out.. Plenty to choose from;
prices and quality are right
—we make them right.
$9 like picture, quarter-
sawed oak.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
If /X J
3 TRADE j.
MB M?
_ MARK •*•
pf>V y Banner
f W-V Shirt
I \ now, and ever since 1§54.
H '' .) Is the STANDARD. Made
*»• y in California, and NONE
.. ■£ BETTER. Neustadter Bros,
. mfrs., B. F.
" T— — — MMIM M
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Kooiu 1, 632 3lnrlcet St. , San Francisco.
IHA¥I7VTA I A 1\ T pbompti.y. with
iflUilEjl Ml lilllilliberala.tvances upon
lln ' lLl iv * Jvi * il approved Kcal Kaiate
and improvements, for repayment in a DEFINITE
NUMBJSK of monthly installments, to suit bor-
rower. Apply to the CALIFORNIA GUARANTEE
, VESTMENT CO., 326 Montgomery St., S. F.
34
A BUTTLE ROYAL
AT SANTA CRUZ.
All the Newspaper Men of
the Seaside City Get
Tangled Up.
HOW TEE WAR BEGAN.!
Business Rivalry and an Accu
sation of Overcharging for
County Printing.
ARMISTICE DECLARED AT NIGHT
They Fought All Day With Varying
Success — One Journalist Lost
His Whiskers.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 29.— There
was a war among the newspaper men of
Santa Cruz to-day that began at noon and
kept the atmosphere of Pacific avenue
blue until after dark. The trouble started
with Phil Francis, editor and proprietor of
the Penny Press, assaulting Editor Braun,
editor of the Evening Record.
The Record last night contained a scur
rilous article reflecting on Francis without
mentioning directly his name.
Francis replied this morning through
the Penny Press with a sarcastic paragraph
deeming the article unworthy of direct
reply, as it was merely a reiteration of a
former quarrel that had been exploded.
Bat meeting Braun on the street at noon
to-day, the Penny Press man determined
to give him a drubbing. He struck him
with an ordinary cane, which was broken
by the blow. The two men then clinched
and were separated by an officer.
At 5 o'clcck this afternoon they met
again, Braun being accompanied by a
printer named Ernest Warren. Some
twenty persons who saw the second light
say that the two men first attacked Fran
cis and that he returned the assault with
another cane — one that would not break.
It was of leather with an iron rod through
it, but instead of a loaded head, as such
canes have usually, it had an ivory top.
He succeeded in knocking Braun down
and had a very lively time with the two
men.
A charge of assault with a deadly weapon
was brought against Francis, and his bonds
of $1000 for trial on Friday were given oy
D. K. Abeal and H. D. C. Barnhardt, both
well - known capitalists who are worth
$2,000,000 each.
The trouble between Francis and Braun
grows out of a charge that the Penny
Press has made against the S.ontinel and
Record, which are controlled by the same
management, of county printing over
charges.
There was alsu an old quarrel between the
two men growing out of an effort made by
the Record man some time ago to have
Francis charged with stealing 70 cents,
and which was exploded. At that time
Braun sought to have Francis put under
bonds to keep the peace, but Justice Crag
hiil, on discovering that Francis' enemies
took advantage of that to abuse him, de
clined to accept the bonds.
Within an hour after the first meeting
of the men to-day, noon, another alterca
tion occurred.
Expert Wright, whose report caused the
Orand Jury to recommend that Duncan
McPherson, editor of the Sentinel, be
prosecuted for overcharging the county for
printing, attacKed McPherson and charged
him with blackmail on account of an
article that appeared in the Sentinel this
morning. McPherson called him "a liar"
and the expert struck him and pulled a
handful of hair out of his beard. They
were separated by the officer. This after
noon the Surf published an advertisement,
"Lost— a bunch of McPherson'? whiskers."
McPherson met Will Raymond, city
editor of the Surf, and they came near
having a real fight, but were prevented in
time.
A SANTA CRUZ COMPLAINT.
The Condition of the Southern Pacific's
S'arrotc-dauyn Causes Alarm.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Jan. 29.— Great an
noyance and great inconvenience is caused
by the condition of the narrow-gauge line
and the lax attention given it by the
Southern Paciiic Company.
Trains and mails are irregular. Pas-
Bengers are frequently delayed and more
often transferred along the line. Last
summer some heavy blasting was done in
the vicinity of the ledge and Feiton Junc
tion, which dislodced the loose earth and
stones composing the embankments. The
winter rains have added to this and the
sides of the mountains are continually
caving and sliding on the track, to the
great danger of alt travelers.
The morning train could not get past
the slide and its passengers were brought
back to t liis city. The noon trains in and
out were transferred, and no afternoon
train or passengers got in at all. The
slide was cleared away this evening, how
ever, but the delays are serious and annoy
ing, and passengers are afraid to make the
trip. The whole road is in a eliding con
dition, so that at any minute a serious
accident might occur, as there are insuffi
cient track-walkers.
POST TOWN SEND SCANDAL.
Two Hank Officials Hue a Capitalist for
Slander,
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 29.-
Business circles here are all worked tip
over a slander suit involving $75,000 which
was begun to-day in the Superior Court by
Colonel Henry Lanaes and Robert C. Hill,
respectively president and cashier of the
First National Bank, against Francis W.
James, a well-known capitalist. James is
a School Director, and was one of the prin
cipal promoters of a case against the bank
officials to recover a bonus on bonds which
he aliened were illegally collected in nego
tiating a sale. The case created a great
sensation all over the Sound, and was
recently decided in favor of L,andes and
Hill.
STANFORD'S CARNOT DEBATERS.
Only Two Men to Uphold the I'reslige of
the University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat.., Jan.
20. — Stanford will be represented by I
but two debaters this year in the Carnot i
debate. By the resignation of H. D. Shel- i
don from tiie trio, but two men are left to |
uphold Stanford's prestige in the contest i
for the Conbertin prize medal. The other !
two debaters are B. I. Miller, '96, and F. I
S. Howard. 'i»8. The latter is a cousin of |
Professor Howard, head of the history de- j
partment here.
According to the terms of the contest
each university may be represented by
three men, but if a university sees fit it
need send but two men into the match.
The interest taken in this debate at
Stanford has been very slight, and but live
contestants presented themselves for
honors. No preliminaries were held, but
tne faculty committee, consisting of Pro
fessors E." A. Ross and H. B. Lathrop,
assigned a set of questions, the winners to
be selected on the merits of the paper they
should present. But three papers were
prepared and handed in. Professor Lathrop
says that the chief trouble has been in
lack of interest. The topic assigned for
the paper was. "The Effect of the Decay
of Local Self-government Upon French
Political Life."
There is a possibility that Sheldon may
be induced to continue in the contest.
The debate will take place February 7.
INDIGANT NAPA STUDENTS.
They Strongly I'rotest Against the Closing
of Their Colleyc.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 29.— The students of
Napa College are in open rebellion against
the trustees of the University of the Pacific
on account of the action of the board in
deciding to close the Napa institution at
the end of the present school term and to
centralize the educational forces of the
university at San Jose College.
An indignation meeting of the students
was held this morning at which resolutions
were adopted commending the stand
taken in behalf of Napa College by Rev.
E. M. Hill, '93, before the Methodist min
isters' meeting in San Francisco last Mon
day.
A number of passionate speeches were
made by prominent students and Chan
cellor Jewell of the University of the Pa
cific was given a severe roasting. The
students charge him with making a syste
matic right against Xapa College, and the
senior class has declared that he shall
in'ithfr sign their diplomas nor appear
upon the rostrum with them at commence*'
ment.
The students contend that the Napa Col
lege is in a more flourishing condition
linancially and in the grade of scholarship
of her students than the San Jose institu
tion. Feeling runs very high.
FISTICUFFS AT SALT LAKE
; A Cousin of Utah's New Sen
ator Attacks a Political
Enemy.
Two Encounters, in the Last of
Which Cannon Tries to Draw
His Pistol.
SALT LAKE, L'tah, Jan. 29.— An at
tack was made to-night by Angus M. Can
; non Jr., son of President Cannon of the
Mormon church, on Charles Crane. The
latter was the original organizer of the
Republican party in Utah and for a num
ber of years was chairman of the State
Committee. He opposed the election of
F. J. Cannon, cousin of Angus M. Cannon
Jr., to the United States Senate, and
Angus ha 3 since had a bitter hatred for
Crane.
lie first assaulted Crane on Main street
and apoligized for it, but later followed
him up to his office and while Mr. Crane
was seated in a chair with his fists dealt
him several blows in the face. In the
struggle which followed Cannon got the
worst of it, when Crane alleges Cannon at
tempted to draw his revolver, but was pre
vented by outsiders, who arrived in time to
probably save Crane's life.
ITALIAN WARSHIP AT ESQUIMALT.
)(««» Itemonatration in Her Honor by
the Kvitisli Squadron 2'here.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 29.— The Italian
warship Christoioro Colombo, which is
soon to visit San Francisco, arrived in
Esquinialt from Vancouver to-day.
Her arrival was heralded with the boom
ing of cannon from the British squadron,
the demonstration indulged in having a
doublefold significance as marking the
twenty-third birthday of Lieutenant Prince
Luigi, nephew of King Humbert, whose
father, Prince Amadeo, was once King of
Spain. Among the festivities of the re
ception of the ship and gallant crew was
a "banquet given aboard the Colombo,
which was made the occasion of extend
ing warm congratulations to the popular
and handsome young Prince, as also an
exchange of much friendship typical of
that which now exists between Italy and
Great Britain. The Prince is studious,
youne and very anxious to secure a
thorough education in naval matters, his
great ambition being to secure a position
of rank.
According to arrangements the Chris
toforo Colombo leaves here for San Fran
cisco on Saturday.
GUNS AND BOTTLES AT NEEDLES.
A Little Diversion in Which a Party of
Mexlcmn* Were Worsted.
NEEDLES, Cal., Jan. 29.— Last Satur
day James Stewart and William Miller
were in the former's place at Bagdad when
a number of Mexicans under the influence
of liquor entered the place.
They commenced to shoot at the lights
to intimidate Stewart. Miller came to his
icscue with his gun. After the fusillade of
revolver ana rifle shot?, together with
rocks and bottles, had ceased the place
j looked as if a Kansas cyclone had struck
it. Three Mexicans were wounded and
Mr. Stewart received a severe scalp wound
from a bottle.
On Monday evening the Mexicans re- 1
turned, and one of them tried to run a '
bluff on Mr. Stewart and advanced with a j
pick. Mr. Stewart, after Saturday's j
trouble, was prepared and told him "to
stop, but he kept advancing with oaths ;
and Stewart stopped him with his gun. A !
| Coroner's jury exonerated Stewart, as he
; acted in self-defense.
Libel Suit Filed at Lot Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 29.— This
afternoon a libel suit was filed in the
United States Circuit Court against the
Times-Mirror Company, Harrison Gray
Otia and Miss Maud Irwin. The actual
damages are set. at $10,000 and consequen
tial at $15,000. This case originally came
to trial in the Superior Court, and upon
appeal to the State court the decision of the
lower court, adverse to the plaintiffs, was
affirmed.
1jO» Angeles' Coroner Acquitted.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 29.— Coroner
George W. Campbell walked out of Depart
ment 1 at 12:15 o'clock to-day free of the
charge which the Grand Jury laid against
him in two indictments of perjury. The
case against him was called this morning
before a jury. The only testimony intro
duced was that in the case of the death of
the child of Henry Locke. The court then
advised the jury, saying tliat there was
no purpose on the part of the doctor to
commit perjury.
BURLEY BESTS McGLORY.
The San Jose Pugilist Whips His Man in
the Second Hound.
HOLYOKE. Mass. Jan 29.— Dick Burley
of San Jose, Cal., to-night defeated Ed Mc-
Glory of Hol.voke easily. The fight, which
was under the auspices of the Paper City
Athletic Club, called for ten rounds, but
Burley had his man out in one and a half
rounds.
Jiuriey played horse with McGlory, out
classing him in weight and reach. He
knocked him down in the first round and
the men were sent to their corners before
time was called. In the second round Mc-
Glory was knocked down again, and a dis
iocated ankle put him out of the fight.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, ISCC.
MONTGOMERY WILL
DIE TO-MORROW
The Oregon Murderer Seems
to Have No Chance for
a Respite.
THE SCAFFOLD FRAMED.
The Doomed Boy Loses Much
of His Bravado as the
Crisis Approaches.
HE HAS PUT AWAY HIS VIOLIN.
A Prolonged Fit of Weeping Which
Created an Uproar in the Jail
Last Night.
ALBANY, Or., Jan. 29.— A message from
Lloyd Montgomery's attorneys says that
they have met with no success in obtain
ing a stay of execution or executive inter
ference, and the murderer will undoubt
edly be hanged Friday. Preparations for
Montgomery's execution are not heing de
layed by the efforts of his attorneys to
secure a stay. The scaffold is all framed.
It is not believed here that a stay of ex
ecution will be granted by the Supreme
Court.
Deputy District Attorney N. B. Hum
phrey said he did not think an order of
that kind could be expected from the Su
preme Court in view of the fact that the
case had not yet been appealed to a higher
court.
Montgomery has lost much of his bra
vado. The lively strains of his violin are
not heard so often in his cell, and he has
frequent tits of weeping. To-night he cre
ated quite an uproar in jail. He had a
prolonged and violent fit of weeping, and
declared he did not believe he could live
until Friday.
He said he could see his fatner and
mother, and they were pleading with the
officers not to haner him. After quieting
down, he asked the Sheriff to send for his
little brothers and sisters, as he wished to
see them once again. Sheriff McFerroa
has notified them of his request. Two
men are constantly with the condemned
murderer to prevent any attempt at sui
cide.
CONSUL TYSON ACQUITTED
The Charge of Embezzling $63
From Madame Loyez Not
Sustained.
The Painting Raffled Off in a Saloon
and Some of the Tickets Still
Unpaid For.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 29.— Monsieur
H. P. Tyson, the French Consul, had a
preliminary examination this afternoon
on the charge of embezzling $63 from
Madame Marie Louise Loyez of San Fran
cisco and was discharged. Monsieur Loyez
was the only person Monsieur Tyson
recognized as'the owner of the picture out
of which the alleged embezzlement arose,
and it was for his account he tox>k upon
himself the trouble to dispose of it by raffle.
The painting was raffled off in Unirer's
saloon and the bulk of the proceeds Mons.
Tyson turned over to him. partly to make
him whole in the event that he (Unger)
should be called upon to pay a certain
oond for Loyez. Proceeds for the sale of a
number of tickets, Mons. Tyson stated,
had not yet been collected. He claimed
that in doing as he did he was not
prompted by any dishonorable motive,
but believed himself to be performing a
duty.
SESSION OF THE CIRCLES
Catholic Educational Union Has
a Literary and Musical
Meeting.
Metropolitan Temple Crowded at the
First General Gathering of the
Reading Clubs.
The first open session of the San Fran
cisco reading circles of the Catholic par
ishes was held last night in Metropolitan
Temple, and it was a full success. Every
seat in the house was occupied, and even
the aisles were filled toward the doors and
along the walls. On the preceding nights
the Educational Union was entertained
and instructed by speakers who lectured
on questions of special interest at the
present time— questions of a religious and
political character; but last night's efforts
were conrined to members of the different
reading circles — an open session, as it \va3
called, at which some representative mem
bers of the union read clever essays and
entertained the large audience with music
and recitations.
The papers read had a peculiar interest
for women, the subjects being "Romance,"
"Cleopatra," "Heroines of America" and
"Poems of Father Ryan," and every one of
them evinced thought, much conscien
tious study, a wise course of reading and
well-disciplined knowledge.
It was evident, judging from the ap
plause that greeted each essay, that the
efforts of the young iadics were thoroughly
appreciated and received at their true
value. It was a Catholic ladies' night— a
brilliant one— for the ladies who partici
pated acquitted themselves creditably.
The "open session," a rather decidedly
pleasant entertainment, opened with an
instrumental duet by Misses to. Parker
and A. Erwin, which was received with
applause.
Miss E. McDonald of Montgomery Cir
cle read an essay on "Romance." This
proved to be a thoughtful paper full of evi
dences &f careful reading and conclusions
—a literary criticism of considerable merit,
largely historical, yet withal a most en
tertaining and instructive paper. Miss
McDonald added to the programme title
of "Romance" "Its Rise and Character
istics.'' She held that romance was justly
the delight of all people, since it carried
men "away from the everyday world,
with its worries and cares, and carried us
off to a world of imagination, where the
heroes are all good and the heroines all
beautiful. Virtue la always rewarded aud
wickedness puuished."
"Then when the story is well written,"
she continued, "it is not only entertaining
but highly instructive. We gain an idea
of the manners and customs of different
people, a knowledge of human nature, and
learn to look upon historical characters as
real living persons, whom we love or dis
like according to their deserts— a result
seldom attained, I am sure, by the mere
study of facts and dates,
"Virtue is rewarded and wickedness
punished. Is it not a satisfaction to find
this in a book? In this life it may not be
so evident to us, although we are sure of
it in the hereafter, and can the effect be
otherwise than to incite us to fresh efforts
to be good and true?"
The essayist went into the history of
romance, and dwelt upon its various
characteristics, its rise under different in
fluences and its effect upon different peo
ples. Coming up to the present when it
was opportune to discuss the novel of the
day, she said :
"Of late we hear a great dea< of realistic
fiction in which real life is supposed to be
depicted, but which seems to me merely
to portray the bad and flippant part of onr
nature. Although it may not be strictly
true to life, alter reading a good romantic
novel, we feel pleased with ourselves and
with our fellow-creatures, but after read
ing the so-called realistic novel, we may
think it is very clever, but it does not leave
us quite easy and satisfied— it leaves a kind
of bad taste.
"As there is some romance in life, let us
hope that, no matter how ordinary or com
monplace is the subject of his novel, the
author will never do away with romance,
the poetry of prose literature."
Mrs. T. H. Griffin sang "I Love Thee" in
a sweet contralto voice, with such sweet
ness that the audience insisted on an
encore, for which she gav6 "Good-by,
Sweet Day."
Miss N. Sullivan of Thomas Aquinas
Circle read an essay on "Cleopatra " This
paper was mainly Historical, though the
subject wa3 made really interesting, ana
showed that the essayist had given the
subject much thought. It was full of facts,
and portrayed Cleopatra in a true light. In
closing Miss Sullivan said:
"Neither beauty nor power can conduce
to real happiness; but after all virtue is
the only true foundation upon which
happiness rests." The paper was ap
plauded.
Miss E. McDonald of the Cathedral Cir
cle recited William Greer Harrison's poem,
"The Celtic Priest." The poem and the
pretty way in which it was given were
warmly applauded.
Miss Anna Doyle of Faber Circle read a
poem by herself, "Onward," which was
well received.
Miss Catherine Black sang "Jerusalem,"
and was loudly called out a second time.
Miss Duraind of the Cathedral Circle
read an interesting paper on "Heroines of
America," Her first heroine was Poca
hontas—the heroine of fiction and song.
The career and example of Elizabeth Ann
Bayley were treated in glowing style.
Miss Bayley married William Seton and
while in Italy joined the Catholic church.
On her return she found old friends alien
ated. She taught school and at last be
came the founder of the Sisters of Charity
in America.
"The world knows no truer heroine than
these angels of mercy — children of Mother
Seton," said the speaker.
Dorothea Dix of Hampton, Me., born
in 1802, was another heroine. She went
from State to State doing philanthropic
work, crossed the Atlantic, and in Europe |
changed the methods of treating tlie in
sane* In the civil war b-iie lived upon the
battlefield — a merciful visitor among the !
sick and suffering.
Clara Barton, born in Oxford, Mass., in
1826, was taken as still another of Ameri
ca's noble women. She led in organizing
the Sanitary Commission, and went into
the battlefields to care for the wounded.
She also organized the Bureau of Kccords I
and traced the fate of 30,000 fallen heroes, j
She helped to organize the German hos
pital service in the Franco-Prussian war, I
was a foremost figure in the organization i
of the Red Cross Society and its tirst. presi
dent in America. "Margaret" of New
Orleans — Margaret Gaffney of Baltimore
was a heroine, whose motto was "God has
been so good to me I must be good to all."
She never asked about creed or color in
giving charity or performing her good
services.
Members of Taber Circle, all young girls,
sang in chorus "Come, Join the Dance,"
very prettily, and were called out a second
time when they gave "0 Haste, Crimson
Morning."
The last paper, which concluded the
evening's entertainment, was an essay on
"Poems o! Father Ryan," by Robert
Richards of Archbisbop'Riordan Circle.
Father Byrne announced that the
tickets of admission were exhausted and
asked that those people Holding season
tickets would either be present at future
meetings or loan the tickets to their
friends.
RED MEN AT THE BOARD
Twenty-Eighth Anniversary Ban
quet of Manzanita
Tribe.
Elaborate Menu, Followed by Toasts
and a Fine Musical and Literary
Programme.
It would have been hard to find through
out the City a more jovial gathering of
men than the participants in last night's
Danquet of Manzanita Tribe No. 4, Im
proved Order of Red Men. The occasion
was the tribe's twenty-eighth anniversary.
The larger banquet-hail of the Red
Men's building on Post street was regally
adorned for the event. The table, accom
modating over 300 guests, was arranged in
the form of a hollow square. At the four
corners were female figures iv statuary
bearing candelabra.
Clusters of waxlights illuminated the
other portions of the quadrilateral festive
board.
When champagne corks commenced to
pop, Charles L. Patton, the toast-master,
made a brief speech, after which ue an
nounced the toasts, which were as follows:
"Manzanita Tribe No. 4— The oldest of the
tribes, but one of the most zealous in its
devotion to the principles of the order,"
responded to by E. \V. Thoman, sachem
of the tribe. " The Great Council of
California," A. Jackson, great sachem.
"The Great Council of the United States,"
Frederick Brandt, great representative; "The
Young Men of the Order, the Prop of Our Old
Age," F. J. Fuller, senior sachem
of Tribe No. 4; "Our Visiting Breth
ren," George W. Collins, G. G. of W.;
'Our Sister Tribe, Modoc No. 57, May She Live
Long and Prosper," P. L. Hoff, district deputy
great sachem; "The Daughters of Poonhon
tns," 11. P. Winn, past grand sachem;
"The Ladies-God Bless Them," M. ,1.
Fairfield, district deputy great sachem;
"The Haymakers' Degree," M. Campbell, grand
Sultau; "Our Guests, " T. B. Kent; "The Press
the Red Man's Friend," Henry A. Chase, past
great sachem.
Between the toasts the Manzanita Trio,
consisting of Messrs. Valerga, Isola and
Parrish, rendered a number oi choice vocal
selections. Recitations were also Riven by
Edward M. Sweeney and Murdoch Camp
bell and vocal selections by Messrs. Finni
gan, Webbor, Golde, Gosliner, Valerga and
Parrish. Too much credit cannot be given
the anniversary committee, consisting of
William J. Smith, J. B. Griffith and Henry
A. Cfiase, for their successful endeavors.
Mr. Chase signalized the occasion by pre
senting the tribe with a collection of
badges collected by him during the last
sixteen years from'various tribes which he
has visited. The gift, enclosed in a hand
some gilt frame, was hung in the wigwam.
Among those present at the banquet
were :
A. Jackson, great sachem; Charles F. Burg
man, G. C. of It.; William .1. Smith, G. K. ol
W.; George \V. Collins, P. L. Hoff, P. L. Bliss,
U.S. \\ inn, Fred Brandt, Henry A. C. Chase,
l>a-t great sachems; E. \\ . Thomas, F. J. Fuller,
». Rogers, T. B. Kent, J. B. Griffith, J. L. Grif
fith, Captain T. A. F. Obermyer, Charles H.
Smith, James B. Turner, Richard I. Whelan,
Jud^e George H. Buck, George W. Lovie, past
great sachems; M. J. Fairfield, P. S. Seymour,
L. C. Benin and F. J. Gray.
NOT IN A COMIC ROLE
Charles W. Swain Wants a
Legal Separation From
Mabel Hudson.
THEY ARE NOW LIVING APAET.
The Concert Hall Singer Left Her
Husband Before the Honey
moon Ended.
Charles W. Swain, the comedian ab Mo
rosco's, has sued his wife, who is known
on the variety stage as Mabel Hudson, for
a divorce. The latter is now singing in a
concert hall at Boston. She went East
over a year ago.
The couple lived together only a few
months after their marriage. They agreed
Mabel Hudson.
to disagree and have since been living
apart.
Mabel Hudson is well known in San
Francisco. Her first marriage was with
John Holmes. This alliance turned out
disastrously to both. Miss Hudson brought
suit for divorce on the grounds of cruelty
and neglect. The divorce was granted on
November 27, 1X94. On the evening of the
same day the singer and C harles \V. Swain
went to Oakland and were united in the
bonds of matrimony.
Mabel Hudson was then singing at the
People's Palace, but she left the boards at
the request of her husband. She soon
longed for the old life, however, and
despite her husband's protestations she
returned to the concert stage.
She lived with her second husband just
two months. Then sue went away and
the comedian cut off all communication
with her.
Now he brings action for a legal separa
tion through his attorney, W. H. Gobb.
Much interest is taken in the case since
the principals are well known in San
Francisco theatrical circles. Mabel Hud
son is a handsome woman. She was quite
popular at the concert halls where she ap
peared.
MR.STORY HAS RESIGNED
The President of the Home
Mutual Insurance Com
pany.
He Has Been in the Business in This
City a Quarter of a
Century.
President Charles R. Story of the Home
Mutual Insurance Company has resigned
his position and will retire from the
business.
This is one of the most important
changes that has recently occurred in the
control of the local insurance affairs, and
it was the topic of discussion among the
brokers yesterday.
Mr. Story has been concerned in insur
ance here for twenty-five years and three
years ago he became president of the
Home Mutual Company.
This is one of the California companies
issuing lire and marine policies and it was
bought up by the Fireman's Fund Com
pany, which now controls it. The stock,
it is stated, is all owned by the Fireman's
Fund Company excepting what the officers
are required to own.
Letters have been sent to all the agents
of the company, notifying them of Mr.
Story's retirement.
Mr. Story says that when he went into
insurance here a quarter of a century ago
the conditions were for a time much the
same as they are now. He expects to see
improvement come soon.
The reuson for Mr. story's resignation is
a desire to get away from active business
cares.
INSTALLED LAST NIGHT
Rev. E. H. Jinks Is Now Dr.
Mackenzie's Assistant
Minister.
Rev. Donald Ross Was the Moderator,
and Other Pastors Delivered
the Charges.
Key. E. H. Jinks of Red Bluff was in
stalled by the Presbytery as co-pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church last night.
The house of worship on Van Ness ave
nue was filled with members of the parish,
and the installation followed a full service
in which Dr. Mackenzie preached the ser
mon. Immediately after the regular ser
vice J. Cumming Smith of Trinity Pres
byterian Church delivered an able charge
to the new pastor, whose *'ood works and
worthiness were the groundwork of his
call to this City, and in a masterly way
painted a word-picture of the work before
him and the parish.
Rev. R. Ferrand, pastor of the Howard
Presbyterian Church, delivered a charge
to the ceople and called upon them to use
every power in assisting their new pastor
to build ud and foster the teachings of the
church. It was a righteous appeal to the
faithful members of the Christian people
assembled there and was in every way
strengthened with sincerity.
The Rev. Donald M. Ross acted as
moderator at the installation, as he has
frequently done before on similar occa
sions.
During the service and the installing
ceremonies the reorganized choir—consist
ing of Mrs. Riggs soprano, Miss Daisy
Cressy contraito, Dr. G. F. Graham tenor,
and J. C. Hughes basso, under the direc
tion of Organist Otto Fleissner— sang in
quartets, duets and solos, "Show Me Thy
Ways," "In the Cross of Christ We Glory*"
and "The Lord Is My Shepherd, I Shall
Not Want."
The regular service closed aDout 9
o'clock, and the attendants at the instal
lation, repaired to the Sunday - school
room on the ground floor, where the ladies
had set a most sumptuous lunch and ar
ranged for a musical programme by the
selected orchestra that has been formed
from among the pupils of the Sunday
school.
A special table had been arranged in the
center of the room for all of the Presbyte
rian ministers and their wives in this City,
and the young ladies made it very pleas
ant and agreeable for them by attending
to the wants of the inner man and in every
way adding to the general pleasure that
was the order of the hour.
The tables were decorated with all sorts
of colors and chandelier effects, while the
whole was daintily set off by exotic plants
and ferns so arranged as to give the whole
place the appearance of being a floral exhi
bition. The festivities were kept ud until
about 11 o'clock, when the merry-makers
departed for their homes, confident that
their new pastor, who is to assist Dr. Mac
kenzie in guiding the destines of the First
Presbyterian Church, would be a grand ad
dition to the strength of the church and a
power to be considered in its future.
The reverend gentleman succeeds Rev.
W. C. Merrill, who is soon to depart for
Boston with a record behind him of which
any minister can be proud.
ODD FELLOWS AT PLAY.
An Excellent literary and Musical Pro
gramme furnished by Local
Lodges.
There was an immense throng in attend
ance at I. O. O. P. Hall last evening. The
hall was decorated with buntings of deli
cate hues and banners bearing insignia
of the order.
The following programme was well re
ceived:
Overture, Yanke's orchestra: recitation,
Mrs. Eva Heeggard; violin solo, "Fantasie
Mignpn" (Sarasate), Ilerr Johann Mar
quardt; tenor solo, F. S. Mitchell; monologue,
"Cupid's Victim," Tom Hill; harp solo
1
Charles \V. Swain.
"Chimes of Sydney" (first time, composed by
the performer), Mme. Alexandra Breitschuck
Marquardt; cornet solo. "Facilita" (Hartman),
Alfred P. Black; dentfeon soio (original), Sam
Thors.
There was dancing' at the conclusion of
the entertainment until midnight. The
president of the evening was Freder
ick W. Jaeger.
The Odd Fellows' social and literary
committee of the local lodges and encamp
ments has arranged for a series of enter
tainments and socials.
It announces that the next will be an
entertainment and leap-year dance under
the full control and management of the
Rebekah lodges of this City, and will take
place on Saturday evening, February 29.
The following will compose the musical
and literary committee:
A. W. Benedict, chairman: Andrew W. Tur
pin, secretary: J. H. Simpson, P. <.. M.; J. R.
Daly, l'hillip Hammond, C. F. O'Xeil, Mrs. M.
A. Hawley, floor committee; Dr. A. X. Copscy,
floor manager; John Thompson, assistant floor
manager; C. P. O'Xeil, J. Godeau. \V. M. Mc-
Colllster, J. It. <irey. Dr. Sutherland, reception
committee; MissTillie Hutton, chairman.
Patrick Moran's Money.
The State is suine to have the estate of
PatricK Moran escheat to itself. Moran
died intestate in 1877, and it was only last
year that it was discovered he had a de
posit of $3400 in the Hibernia Bank. His
stepbrother in Ireland heard of it and he
wants possession of it, but the State came
in first.
The State claims the property should
have been applied for within rive years of
the owner's death, but the counterclaim is
made that the existence of the estate was
not known until a year ago. and there are
four years to run before the property can
escheat. The case has been submitted to
Judge Coffev.
NEW TO-DAT.
What ®©®©®o®@
Made 1
The j
World I
Oto know the superiority 4
jof Cuban Tobacco, was the 12 ™
months occupation of Havana £|
§by the British of Havana £
by the British in 1762, which 4
brought over 1000 trading yes- w
sels to that previously closed A
v port in that time, although it a
'w was not until 1809 that Spain ©
H) admitted the world to Cuban 4B
2 ports. No better product of Sa
w Havana has ever been placed ©
ra} before the American smoker fl
X ' than the NEW >|
• "Cstrelia" f
: Cigar— New crop Havana leaf, S
in new light colors and new S
OL sizes— All mild. 2 for 25c, 3 for 2
r 25c, and ioc straight. .
IP Esberg, Bachman & Co., Wholesalers (h
!»#!§ iffibiJ rlestored^si:
HlK'^'rT W¥* *** 0 tionof a famous French physician, will quickly cure you ol^aln a£
U \>\ >VA/\^ -" \\ OU 3 or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Mon*,^!"
I■l tmi 'V£ «^| Insomnla^alns In the Buck, Seminal Emissions, Nervons iD?wm£
Kff^L A *&*r £ im P esTtJnfltness to Marry, Exhausting Brains; VaHcocelS L y A
.>V J V V Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevent onKi?
V *- / >W ness^of discharge, which If not checked leads to Spematorrh,^ hi 1
■ BEFORE and AFTER g" the horrors of Impotencr. «-*V"»ESlBcleaiiaesUielfv™?^2
__ D n».v n * " kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities. .""ver.me
* IrPll>lE ' fE and restores small wea organs.
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 MarKet street. San Francisco, Cal For Sale h»
BKOOKB' PHAKMACY. 119 towel! mL
BLACK IN THE FACE.
Black in the face means that yonr live*
I is disordered, that yon are constipated,
that you are a weak man. When you are
a weak man, you need the great Hudyan.
i Hudyan will cure certain forms of consti-
pation, certain forms of liver and kidney
i affections and will restore to you your lost
I power.
Hudyan can be had from the Hudson
Medical Institute and from no one else.
The great Hudyan is for Nervous Debility,
Nervous Exhaustion and Lost Manhood.
Send for circulars and testimonials.
. HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, dua
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
Bore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
! Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
LIVER— When your liver Is affected y*%
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You- will notice many symptoms
that you really hava and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can gel
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON AJEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and. Ellis Sta'.
KIDNEY. Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives-use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send foi
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make th«
test. The book,»"A Knowledge of Kidneys."
tent free. j.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Enjoy
3s& And be of
IM PERMANENT
Worth.
Men's, $85.
Catalogue free. Ladies', $75 and $85
Ipdiapa Bieyqle Qd.,
J. S. CONWELL, Manager.
»« and 20 McAllister St., S. F.
■
DR. PIERCES *m> GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
i Is the Latest Patent: contains all improvements
and is sold at one-half the price asked for inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts. -
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierce'a belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures bavins
been made whera physicians and • medicines had
failed to give relief.
The strongest possible evidence will be given to
i Inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
l'ifrce's belts, and a thorough examination and
comparison of these goods with all others Is re-
spectfully invited of all intending purchasers of an
Electric Belt. «tB~ Call or write for free PAMru-
■lex No. 2." Address
DBS. PIERCE * SOX.
704 Sacramento Street.
■. 2d. 3rd and 4th floors, San Francisco, Cal.
:
E I?
>SB4:ao MARKET st.s.f>£S/
- . • ■ • ■ . ■
Weak Men and Women
SHOCLO USE DAMIA>A BITTERS. THIS
O great Mexican Remedy; gives Health aaJ
Strength to the sexual Organs.
HEALTH RESORTS.
THE ST. SiIESA SASITARIUC
ST. HELENA, NAP A COUNTY, CAL.
A RATIO* AL HEALTH RESORT !
Send for Circular.ANTI-FUNDING MEMORIAL
All Three Reports to Be Woven
Into One Complete
Document.
THREE CLAUSES ARE OMITTED.
Friday Morning the Entire Petition
Will Be Submitted for the
Committee's Ratification.
Friend? of the anti-refunding agitation—
nnd their name is legion on this coast — re
gret exceedingly that a dissension has
in the committee selected by the
State Ami- Refunding Convention to draft
a menu rial to Congress that shall rapre-
Bent the feeling of the people of California
on the measure now pending to refund the
Paciric railroads debt.
Nevertheless the dissension is there.
Mr. X.-tee has disagreed with the re
mainder or tne committee— or the re
mainder of the committee has disagreed
with Mr. Estee. The report submitted by
Mr. Estee, who is chairman of the com
mittee, was, with the exception of three
paragraphs, unanimously indorsed by the
meeting of the whole committee held at
the Mayor's office yesterday morning. It
is feared, however, that Mr. Estee will
not agree to this mutilation, for though
the stricken paragraphs are brief in words
they are yet pregnant with meaning and
mark rather plainly the line of difference
between Mr. Estee and the remainder of
the committee. The nrst of the para
graphs which are to be eliminated from
Mr. Estee' s draft for a memorial to Con
gross is as follows:
One of the reasons given for the organiza
tion oi these corporations was tliat Mr. Iluiit
iußton imd his associates might own and con
trol bridges and ferries on the line of the rail
roads, like the bridge over the Colorado Kiver
on the line of the Southern Paciiie Kailroad.
These bridges, although belonging to the rail
road system, built by its mouey or credit and
■forming a part thereof, are Vet apparently
owned by C. P. Huntington and his associates.
Think of one corporation owning a railroad
track on the land and another corporation
owning a uart of the same line aud belonging
to the same system, over all the main bridges
and ferries, and imagine the rent the first com
l>any would have to pay if the second company
was" unfriendly. What Bflow would amort
gage creditor have against such a combina
tion, and especially when the facts as to the
bide ownership of the bridges, and ferries were
not thought <>f or mentioned in tfie original
mortgage? What would be the effect of a fore
closun oi a mortgage on the main line under
such circuit- ' '- most the mortgagee
would only obtain pieces of railroad tract— an
owner under a mortgage sale made pursuant
to the terms of the Government mortgage
could i.ot move a train over the line of the
Central Pacific Kailroad. liuntinjrton and his
i'es in ihe Pacilic improvement Com
pany would still command the situation.
The second clause to be eliminated is
that which touches directly on the ques
: Government foreclosure. It reads
as ivl
Whatever difference of opinion may exist
us to whether foreclosure ot
the Government mortgage on this property is
the correct remedy, or whether such steps
; be taken a> will secure to the Govcrn
j-\ nership of a line of railroad from the
Pacific to tne Missouri River, there is but one
ent among our people on the proposi
tions.
The reason for eliminating the foregoing
. raph, ;ts stated yesterday at the com
mittee meeting in the Mayor's office, was
tliut the memorial committee was esne-
cially instructed by the convention
which gave it existence to draft a memo
rial declaring, lir.-t, against refunding the
debt, and second, in favor of foreclosure
by the Government. It was unanimously
decided by the committee that to go con
trary to these instructions would be to fail
in their duty of representing the will of
■ople of California. Mayor Davie of
Oakland, who originally signed Mr. Estee'a
report and agreed with him on the point
of not demanding the foreclosure, yester
day voted with the rest of the committee
to expunge this paragraph.
Tne third clause to be omitted reads as
follows:
We do not ask that the dead be arraigned at
the l.ar o; public opinion, or thru worthy
women be sued, or that a great university be
dismantled, but we do demand that the chief
actor and most commaudiuß figure in this
great iraud be brought to the bar of public
It was further voted by the committee
yesterday mat Mr. Estee's report, thus
amended" and coupled with the drafts sub
mitted by Jonn T. Doyle and Henry E.
Highton, should be tbe authorized memo
rial of the committee. And Henry E. High
ton was appointed to amalgamate the
three reports, weave them together in an
acceptable manner and submit the entire
document to tne committee, thus con
structed, to a final meeting of the commit
tee, which is to be held at the Mayor's
office Friday morning at 10 o'clock.
Judge Gibson of Oakland, one of those
whose names were signed to the report
submitted by Mr. Estee. declared to the
committee yesterday that he had not
authorized "the signing of nib name to an
individual report, but that he had only )
authorized Mr. Esiee to place his name to
any memorial that should be adopted by
the committee.
A. Caininetti and Marion Gibson, both
residing out of the City at some distance,
were absent from the committee meeting
yesterday morning and could not there
fore be heard from on the question as to
whether they had given Mr. Estee consent
to sign their names to his individual re
port.
Mr. Estee was also absent from the
meeting. Those present were: Mayor j
fcutro, Mayor Davie, Henry E. Hifihton,
Judge E. M. Gibson and John T. Doyle,
being a clear majority, or five of the eight j
committeemen.
All the documents that are to be woven
into the memorial are considered very i
strong arguments and plain statements of i
the position taken on the question in
volved by the people of California, and it
is thought that the entire committee, with
the possible exception of Mr. Estee, will
readily sign the completed memorial and
heartily indorse it. It is not thought un
liKely, either, that Mr. Estee will also sign
the amended and amalgamated document.
In that case the memorial will go to Con
gress with added strength and as express
ing the united sentiments of the eight
men chosen to represent in this matter all
the people of California.
MR. ESTEE'S DENIAL.
The Chairman of the Committee Re-
Iterates That He Had Author
ity to Si?n the Names.
Morris M. Estee, chairman of the com
mittee selected to draft a memorial to
Congress against the refunding act, pro
test?, in the following communication to
The Call, that he had ample authority to
Bigs the names which appeared under the
report submitted by him to the commit-
W-. His communication is as follows:
San PBAKCUOO, January 29, 1896.
Editor Call— My J>kai: Siu: Contrary to my
usual practice! in the p»t>t, 1 venture to write
h loiter contradicting what the Mayor of ban
Kranctsco has falsely stated of my position in
the report made by me regarding
Funding bill.
1. As to his statement that he appointed me
chairman "f the committee named to draft a
memorial Co Congresa "pimply hs a matter of
courtesy" I have nothing to say. for lean jciiow
nothing ol hits reasons for making such ap
aent
ter be lia<l made the appointment and I
had a< nine, then it wasdue to the
r.:i<i to mysell that I should perform
me duty .isi,:gned'nie not as the Mayor wanted
me to, hut as my own coiibcieuce jind best
judgment dictated.
'S. 1 prepared that memorial with the advice
and counsel of all the members of the commit
tee but one— every member of the committee,
including the Mayor, but one, having been
present at two meetings at which the memo
rial prepared by me was read. The whole mat
ter was fully discussed by all the members
present. A majority of the committee in
dorsed the memorial made by me, because it
seemed to be a concise statement of the facts,
and it was thought Congress wanted facts and
not recommendations. A minority of the com
mittee wished to petition Congress to foreclose
the mortgages on the railroads, although the
United States stutute now gives to the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Treasury full power
in this regard.
The majority of the committee believed that
tho great tight was to defeat the refunding
bill, because if the bill was passed there could
be no foreclosure of the mortgages. If the re
funding bill was defeated then the statute of
the United States passed on the 3d of March,
l>7>>. in express terms, makes it the duty of
the President and the Secretary of the Treas
ury to foreclose these mortgages.
The Mayor of San Francisco has seen lit to
publish to the community that I have sur
reptitiously got the signatures of a majority of
this committee. The iaets are these:
After Mr. Cannon had heard read the me
morial prepared by me, rik' he had made two
or three suggestions which were adopted by
the committee, he authorized me to sign his
name to thut report, and 1 did so.
1 hold the dispatch of Mr. Caminetti, who
also had heard it read and who made some
valuable suggestions in relation to it which
were also adopted, and which dispatch reads as
fo lows-
M. M. Estee. San Francisco : Yes. I authorize
you to sigu for me. A. Caminetti.
I hold also the dispatch of Judge Gibson, who
had been notilied both by letter and telegram
to attend our meetings, but who, owing to ill
ness, was unable to be here, and who, in a let
ter addressed to me. staled that he could not
be present, but thst he would conform to our
wishes in the matter. I then telegraphed him
and asked him if we should sign his name to
the report, and at the same time tequested
Mayor Davie of Oaklund to see him und ex
plain to him the contents of the report. His
answer, addressed to me, is as follows :
M. M. Estee. San Francisco : Yes, you sign
my name to the report. E. M. (Jibson.
Mayor Davie signed his own name to the re
port "written by me.
So much for the false charges made by
Adolph Butro against myself in relation to my
surreptitiously signing the uames of members
of that committee to this report.
I feel almost ashamed to make any reply to
these charges. However, in a matter of such
public gravity, iv which every citizen should
be united, and as Adolph Sutro happens to be
I Mayor of San Francisco, and people who do not
know him might believe him, I am compelled
to say this much In defense of my personal
honor. Had it been a political proposition I
should have treated these charges with the
contempt they deserve; but as it attacks my
personal integrity and my honor I feel it my
duty to tell the people exactly the truth.
Yours respectfully, If. M. Estee.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Continued Success of "In Old
Kentucky" at the Cali
fornia.
Veiled Allusions in "A Canting
Scoundrel " at the Alcazar — " Uncle
Tom's Cabin."
"In Old Kentucky" continues to afford
satisfaction to large audiences at the Cali
fornia Theater. The cleverly constructed
play is sufficient in itself to appeal to the
theater-going public, but in the present
performance the playwright's efforts are
not only enhanced by an excellent all
round performance, but are also eked out
by some remarkably clever specialties,
which served as a foil to the melodramatic
incidents which occur during the course
of the performance.
The pickanniny band is one of the best
bit? among the "specialties," so to speak,
which abound during the course of "In
Old Kentucky." The colored children evi
dently enjoy their part in the evening's
entertainment quite as much as the audi
ence does, and they act with a spirit and
abandon which add immensely to the
mirth aroused by the comedy part of the
play. Taken altogether, with its thrilling
racing scene, its sensational leap across
the canyon and atrone local Kentucky
flavor, the melodrama now running at the
California Theater is one of the best per
formances that has been seen in this City
for a long time.
"Men and Women" at the Columbia
Theater is one of the most successful per
formances yet produced by the Frawley
Company. Macklin Arbuckle and Gecrge
Osborne. among the "men," are especially
at home in their roles, and the "women"
are all so good that it seems invidious to
make distinctions between them.
"The Editor" continues to please the
audiences at Morosco's by its breeziness
and its suitability to the company that is
performing it. Swain is in his element as
Tim the Porter, and Coulter Brinker is es
pecially suited to the part of Stephen
Marton.
The more or leas veiled allusions to local
people of light and leading in church cir
cles which "A Canting Scoundrel" con
tains are proving interesting conundrums
to the audiences at Grover's Alcazar. The
play contains plenty of fun and is acted in
a sprightly manner.
Dr. Bissell's lightning modeling is
teaching Orpheum audiences how to make
a portrait bust while you wait, and the ex
cellent likenesses achieved by the model
er's apparently haphazard way of pelting
a board witn handfuls of clay proves a
never-failing source of delight to the be
holders. Rachael Walker's singing is
meeting with more success this week than
ever.
"liion" will be succeeded next Monday
at the Tivoli by "The Gentle Savage."
The Bush-street Theater is to see a per
formance of "Uncle Tom's Cabin," next
week which has been spoken of in high
terms in other cities. The Cook Twin
Sisters' Company wiil play the favorite
drama.
Tbe Pan Francisco Symphony Orchestra
wiil give a grand concert on Friday after
| noon in Golden Gate Hall. The following
; programme will be performed: Overture to
; "Titus," Mozart ; Transcription, "Faust."
j Gounod; Vorspiel, "Lohengrin," Waener;
aria, "Is Not His Word Like Fire,"
"Elijah," Mendelssohn; BabillHge (for
strings), Gillet; Aragonaise "Le Cid,"
i Massenet; introduction, third act "Lohen
| grin," Wagner; violin solo, "Carmen Fan
i tasie" (Bizet), Bernhard Mollenhauer, with
orchestra; "Summer Evening" (waltz),
Waldteufel.
REVERSED ITSELF.
The Supreme Court Hag Changed Front
on a Sun Francisco
Appeal.
Filed Dec. 30, 1895.|Fiijcd Jan. 29, 1896.
Tne order appealed | We think the order
from is reversed, and below was right in
the court below is di- both respects appealed
rected to modify its from, and it follows
order so as to direct that it should be af
and require the satis- firmed, each appellant
faction of the judg- to pay his own costs
merit in full, incluo- on appeal,
ing both damages and •
costs.
These paragraphs are the conclusions
of opinions filed in the case of Hannah
Butler against Thomas Ashworth, Super
intendent of Streets, a suit to recover
damages for destruction of property by a
pooriy constructed sewer.
The plaintiff sued first for the breaking
of the sewer and for the neglect to repair
the same, and for the improper manner
in which the sewer was repaired. The
plaintiff recovered judgment for $1190 and
costs. Wituin two years after the plaintiff
sought to recover damages for the same
breaKing of the sewer, and she again got
judgment for $800 and costs. Tne court
reversed this last judgment from which
an appeal was taken on December 30,
1896. The court below refused to .make
this $394 part of the judgment, and it was
this order which was reversed. It was
this order also which has been affirmed
upon more mature consideration by the
court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
WENT TO BRIGHT PHŒBUS
The Realization Winner Took
the Naglee Stake Galloping
From Crescendo.
ABLY RIDDEN BY MILLER
Outsiders in the Betting Won Most of
the Purses— Coleman the Only
Favorite First.
Even the announcement that those two
great performers Bright Phoebus and Cres
cendo were to meet in a stake event failed
to attract more than the ordinary crowd of
race-goers to the Bay District track yester
day. This fact is attributable, no doubt,
to the downtown "commission joints."
The betting, too, was sluggish, very little
big money being in circulation in the ring.
Naclee Burkes crack son of Flambeau
and Millionaire Hobart's winner of the
classic Realization stake came together in
the Naclee handicap over a distance of
seven furlongs. The total value of the
stake was $1500, of which amount $1200
went to the winning horse. Of the original
fifty four entries, all declined the handi
cappers' allotment of weights but four.
The conditions of the stake called for two
and three year-olds of 1895, and the weights
were assigned accordingly. As a clever
sample of the handicapper's art, the race
was a complete failure. Crescendo was
asked to give away pounds to Bright
Phoebus, and this in the sticky going, for
which the latter has an especial fondness.
In spite of this, Crescendo, with his 118
pounds, opened a 6 to 5 favorite in the
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Eighteenth Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
Sticky. Bay District Track. San Francisco, Wednesday. January 29. 1896.
. purse ?300.
Ind.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
I Op. Cl.
607 Jack Atkina, 3 92
597 I'eixoito. 3 911
663 I Myrtle H,3 87
579 'Kasi'l, 3 89 '
;570 Carrie V. 3 93
|573 'Salisbury 11.3 961
(b79i •University, 4, 99]
4
•2
7
> 6
8
1
3
I*
3h
5 h
41
2 1/2
7
2 2
6 3
4 h
6h
3 4
1 1
7 .
2 1
4 b
5 i a
6 V a
1 1
a 3
» n
4i/jj
6 1
61
7
I Kowan
: Frawley
Hewitt
Beidy
; K. Jones
iDonnellj-
IMcClain
6 10
6 15
15 15
6 10
3 2
5-2 3
5-2 11-5
Good start. Won driving. Winner, J. P. Atkins' b. g., by Kegent-Misanle.
Time, 1 :05 i/ 3 . *Foruierly Fijian.
At post 12 minutes.
61 f\ SECOND RACE— About six furlongs; selling; marcs; three-> ear-olds and upward; penalties;
IU. purse $-100.
597 iLp vena 0.6 107
(t>01) Slimmer Time, 3. 95
652 .Gussle, 5 107
689 Tennessee Matd, 3 95
Kitty 1-, 4 IOOj
Merry (io Kound.3 85
IS7I sweet Rose, 3.... 95
5H4 Miss Ruth, 4 100
iiorse. age, weight.
St. v*
~~3~
6
8
6
I ::::::::
'i
i i
i/ 2 3/± str. Fin. Jockeys.
lh lh In 12 Hinrichs
21 24 25 2 6 E.Jones
4Va 3 4 3 6 310 Kilc-y
63 4 10 4 10 4 6 Kowan
8 8 6 5 15 jMcClain
6 3 7 1 5 6 4 iFrawley
3h 6Va 8 7 4 Donnelly
7 4 6 1/2 7 8 IW. Flynn
Betting.
Op. Cl.
10 15
1-3 3-10
10 40
10 ; 30
30 CO
SO - 60
3 6
10 20
Good start. Won driving. Winner, J. Carroll's br. m., by Ansel-Mrs. Goodrich. Time, 1:16%.
mTHIKD RACE— The Naglee stakes. Seven furlongs; two and three yeax-olds of 1895; kandt-
. cap. Value $1500.
Horse, age, weight.
I St.
Betting
•p. Cl.
439 Bright Phoebus, 4.1191 3
(6M) Crescendo, 3 11*
5P:i Kosebad.4 106 1
(593) Imp. Star Ruby,4.llB| 4
1*
S2*
3 y a
lh
B 3
l b
4
■J 1
1 1
•J-J
4
8 a
1 iy a <Miller
2 6 T. Sloan
Si/2 iDonnplly
4 \H. Dozgett
2
1
10
3
9-5
6-5
15
3
Good start. Won easily. Winner, W.B. HoDart's d. h.,Dy Falsetto-Buff and Blue. Atpostl2min-
ntes. Time, 1 :31.
n~i Q FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
Dl^. parse f 300.
Index. l Horse, age, weight.
685 Coleman, 4 101
617 AddieM, 4 97
600 Dorsey, 4 107
447 Decision, 3 95
60ft JVIn-irare: M, 3.... 85
688 'Mv3-.\eetheart, 4.lol'
545 I ruckerlaci, a 108
688 Joe Hiii.a 107|
Str.
Fin. I
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
6
6
1
3
4
8
i 7
I " 2
2 h
6 1
4 h
3 1
1 1
8
71
64
1 5
5 4
43
3 1
23
8
6 Va
73
110
4 4
5 5
23
Uli
8
6
7
120 Cocliran
2 1V 2 Kiley
3 2 Hinricns
4h Donnelly
610 Reidy
615 W. Flynn
7 4 Anderson
8 J. Chorn
1
6
S
8
12
S
10
3
6-5
15
3
10
60
8
40
5
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Westchester s able's b. g., by Imp. Sir Modred-Blithesonie. At
poßt 16 minutes, lime, I :o4Vfe-
Ctl O FIFTH RA<
010. purse $400.
selling: allowances; penalties;
Index. ! Horse, ag«, weight.
5P4 Col. Wghtman, 4.136
594 JO C. 4 144
878 Adrlante, 4 126
f.71 (icro. a 151
557 April, a 153
671 Gnadulonpc. a. .148
602 ! Ja)ik D'^r, 5... .1431
Ist j. 4th i.
42 1 h
23 2 3
(i 6
11 51
3h 3h
62 4 h
fell
6th j.
Bettlnp.
>p. Cl.
2
4
1
3
7
1 4
2*o
6
5h
4 h
32
1 10
2 20
33
V a
6
53
15
2 20
3 4
4 3
65
6
16 ! Swift
220 G.Cochrau
3 2 Galinao....
410 J. Owens..
550 Cairns ....
6 j Butler
' Keane ;
2
3
26
2
3
30
•JO
8-5
6
40
7-5
6
100
100
Good start. Won easily. Winner, A. G. lilakeley's b. g., by Warfellow-Lesa eP. Time, 3:30.
di A SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
Oil., purse $300.
; conditions: allowances;
Horse, age, weight.
Str.
Betting.
Op. Cl
579 'Clara Johnson. 3.. 99
890 cataloaue, 4 109
127 i Clare N, 2 107
■697 ! Little Pete, 4 97
4t>r> Examiner, 4 101
Mil ■ ; pome Honhest.6.lo2
679 Great Falls, 5 102
590 Green River. 4.. ..109!
2
6
1
3
6
8
! 7
I 4
2 3
IV
3 6
51
8
7h
4 V 2
2 4
46
1 4
3 10
5 1 1
8
6h
71
2 3
4 4
1 3
8 3
5 2
6
7
8
1 3
22
3 2
4 2
5 10
63
74
8
Coc.hran
Shaw
.1. (horn
Frawley ........
Peoples
Coborn
Nich0150n. ......
'Anderson
3
3
3
2
6
20
10
•JO
3
10
9-5
6-2
8
30
30
30
I
Bad start. Won easily. Winner, M. Johnson's eh. f., by Xl Rio Rey-Ogalena. Time, 1 :07V4. At
post 11 minutes. __^
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day* Entries at the California Jockey Club, Bay District Track.
Id race* where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at, the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, abont.
Index.
597
46-2
604 !
597 !
679 I
668 !
602 I
419 I
Chartreuse I 105
Bordeaux 105!
■Zarngoza. 1110 1
! Hlle of Htonewll 100
lilsgar 100 no roc.
Pecksniff j 110 no rec.
;I^>;iaH 100 no rec.
The King ,105;
Name.
Best
record.
Lbs|Tk. j Owner.
B. Schreiber I
T. J. Roche I
Rey Alfonso stable.
W. B. Sink .
iSyoamore stable ...
J. M. Ilutler
111. W. Knos
IKlkton stable
Emperor- Wacool a
Imp. Mariiier-Eufaula
Imp. Cheviot- Bessie Hooker
Spendthrtti-MtM Nailer
Apaclie-Xarcola
lip. -Mr. Pickwick-Henlopcn
jlromvood-Jennie Mack
;Imp. The Hake-'ltculco
:::::::
!..
D RACE— Five and a half
: three-year-olds.
Lbs
I Best
record.
Index.
Name.
Lbsj
Tk.
(580)
(607)
598
608 '
580 i
(604)
(598)
607
i New Mooa
! Pollock
j Pearson
'Don PlO Pico....
j Veracua
BillyMcCloskey
Kam Leake
I Virgle A
105 1:171 A 6f 971H..!w. I). Randall
lO7|l:l<JV* *6 f 106 11.. 'M'NauKbton&Muir
11011:19% 6f 113 H.. I!. Schreiber I
110.1:02 Vi 5f 106 I ..• .1. Kobbins
110 :56 41/2 f 106,F... ! W.OB. Macdono'gh
110|l:10 6Va* 111 F... ! Pleasant Hill mable
11011:16 6f liofll.. [Burns <fe Waterhous
,105 1:0134 6f 94JF...J8. Ward i
I Hyder Ali-Namonta
Imp. Kossington-Marjorie
• Imp. Ureat r<>ni-I>rift
.To> Hooker-Countess Zeika
Siufiix-Partisana
Joe Hooicer-Jessie It
!Imp. Darebin-Ciu-rle C
I Imp. True Briton-Bigßertha
THIRD KACE— One and an eighth miles; selling.
Index.
(600)!
699 I
60S
576 ]
641
005
600
I Best
Name. Lbs record. Dlst. I.hi Tk. Owner.
! Hldago 11l 1:48% lm 60y j 106 H. . ' B. Schreiber
Little Cripple... ! lll! 1:55 V21V8 m 108 F..J. Weber ......
Little Bob 100 1:4*2% 1 m 90 F .. \ Davenport stable...
■Dungarven 1it .1:60% 1 1-lSm 99 Fa. L. Ezc11. ............
Ked Root 11l 1:44% 1 m 1 106 iF.. I C.Parker...... .....
M0de5t0......... 105 1:14 i*6 f 101 [ Fa. Woodlawn stable.
Ike L 103 1:22% 6% f I 94 1 F .. Garden City stable..
Name.
JHlilatgo-Uraciosa
jlp.PiratePenzance-LdStand
Surinam-Daisy S
Hindoo-imp. Calphurnla
Imp. London-Cameo
Hyder Ali-Visalia
! Major Ban-Miss Flush
FOURTH RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds.
Index.
........
"■557'
Lena
<iorgon
Vir^i nia Dare g.
Mary X
Name.
Lbs;
105; no rec.
108
106
105
108
108!
ion
105
108
I Beat
; record .
I
Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
Pacific stable I Apache-Rill
Del Monte stable... [Racine-imp. Oorgo
I. Robhina Dare
I. Rohbins jLepanlo-lUght Wing
M.J.Kelly | Racine-imp. Ouida
Burns & Waterhoua Imp. Chestertteld-Talluda
| Burns <fc Waterhous Imp. Midlothian-Agnes
I Nevada stable jJoe Hooker-Oxtila
J. H. Shields | Imp. Whistle Jacket-Zulelka
Owner.
'"669" I
6b9
Torpp'io
Lord Chesterflld
Colonel Wheeler
Dlabolita I
Zul.;lkficolt....|
RACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
Index.
Lbs!
I Best
record.
Tk.
Pedigree.
549 I
601 j
682 j
583
611
603
Allahabad |
> Highland |
All over i
I Sea Spray ]
Model
R ( -d Will
108 1:32 % It
■116. 1:16% 6f
111 1:30% It
113 1:14% 6 I
106 1:27% 7 f
111 1:01 I fif
98 . H. . j \V\ O. Randall
106 BL. B. Schrleber
11l 11.. P. Dunne
100 1 1 •'.. . J. Liebenthaler !
102 F... California stnble....;
! 98 F... O. F. Johnson
Byd*r Ali-Floride
Colonel Hepburn-Edna
'■ Hanover- Deceit
! Irnp. Mariner-Maranette
: Imp. Sir Modred-(;ypgy
iJIm (lore-War Banner
SIXTH RACE— About six furlongs; non-winners In 1895-96.
I Best
■ record.
Lbs :
Lbs
Tk.
Pedigree.
602
602
679
(314
•621?
679
697
614
I
; Chevalier
iTrlumph
■I(!a >aver
(il-HBt FilHs
ijoußhmore
Landlord
Valparaiso
Green River
105
105
105
105
105
1 105 1
'no rec.
i no rec.
!no rec.
1 no rec.
Ino rec.
I no rec
....
.... I
....
P. Archibald........
K. F. shorten ..... 1
<;. L. Bell I
a. H. irwin..-.r.~.~
B. Sloper :...:...:..
J. 80bbin5. ........
1 Key Alfonso stable.
J. B. chase :........ j
Joe Hooker-Clara L
I John A-TillieC
Moc Hooker-Addle O'Neil
'(Hen Klm-Nonllca
Uncas-imp. Pauline
Longfello\vimr>. Manzanita
limp. Chevlot-Varona
I Imp. <ireenback-Leverett
....
i ::::::::
....
••"
1. ...1
....
*Old index.
betting. He went to 7to 5, and was then
backed down to evens and b" to 5 again.
With 119 pounds in the saddle, the Hobart
entry ruled second choice, 9 to 5 being his
closing odds. There was a stiff play on
imp. Star Ruby, who was held at threes,
but Rosebud went betreing at 20 to 1.
There was but slight delay at the post,
Ferguson sending them away well fined
up. George Miller, on Bright Phoebus,
had his mount well in motion when the
flag fell and was first to show in front. He
held the lead until swinging in the back
stretch, where Doggett, on Star Ruby, let
out a wrap and the imported horse's
friends were in high spirits as they saw
him full of run, a length in front. At the
half Rosebud was at bis head, followed
half a length away by the favorite. Bright
Phoebus was a length further off.
On the far turn Sloan on Crescendo took
his horse out wide on the dry going and
moved for the lead. In this he was suc
cessful, for, as the stretch for home was
reached, Crescendo hard ridden, was a
length in the lead, with Bright Phoebus at
his heels, merely galloping. The weight
was now telling heavily on the favorite,
and despite Sloan's desperate efforts to
keep the lead Bright Phoebus assumed
command of things over a furlong from
the wire and won by a length under re
straint. Nearly a dozen lengths away
Rosebud took third place from imp. Star
Ruby in a hard drive.
The winner was beautifully handled by
George Miller, and it was, indeed, a
pleasure to see this accomplished horse
man at his very best.
The balance of the racing was very ordi
nary. The colors of the favorites loomed
up in front on but one occasion, ousiders
predominating.
The day's sport opened with a big upset.
Carrie M*was sent to the post a heavily
backed 2 to 1 favorite, with University
almost as strongly supported at 11 to 5.
In a drive Jack AtKins, a 10 to 1 shot, cap
tured the race by a length from Peixotto,
another outsider.
Summertime was a prohibitive favorite
for the following event, a short six-furlong
run for mares, the books holding her at
Ito 3. She was never able to head Levena
C, and although ridden hard from start to
finish was beaten out a length and a half.
Gussie made a good showing, finishing
third.
A cheap lot of "dogs" started in the
fourth race at five furlongs. Coleman was j
made a warm 7 to 5 choice and won pull
ing up, fully a dozen lengths in front of
Addie M. Dorsey was a good third.
Old Cicero did not have his jumping
boots on and let the crowd down hard in
the steeplechase. He was balked down
froir twos to 7 to 5 and failed to get
a mark. The second choice. Colonel
Weightman, took the lead at the third
i"ump and yon in a common canter, witu
OC in the place. Galindo brought the
outsider, Adelante, in third.
The selling platers had another go at 5
furlongs in the last event on the card.
The 2 to 1 favorite, Clare N, loomed up
prominently in front until well on toward
the wire, when she began tiring and wound
up an ordinary third. Clara Johnson won
easily by threa lengths, with Catalogue in
the piace.
Track and Paddock Items.
Tom Griffin was reported to hare bet
$500 on his mare Carrie U, the favorite in
the opening race.
The Call is in receipt of a handsomely
bound copy of the "American Turf Con
gress Rules" from the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club, for which it returns thanks.
Tod Sloan stated after the stake race
that he did not think Crescendo could
have beaten Bright Phoebus on any kind
of a track yesterday. Mr. Burke has given
the name of Dolce to the big colt's two
year old sister.
Gorgon, by Racine, from the grand mare
Gorgo, is a very racy-looking individual
and is very apt to bring the name of his
sire into prominence.
Through the error of an operator the
poolroom on Glasgow street laid 3to 1
against Summertime. When the error
was discovered there was a big "kick"
among the proprietors, and at one time
they seriously considered declaring bets
off. The track odds were Ito 3.
Cicero took the first jump in the steeple
chase in the lead of the field, but he was
in the air so long that when he alighted
on the opposite side he was the tail-ender.
THEY WANT MORE LIGHT
Waiting to Hear "The Call"
Man's Testimony on the
Baden Accident.
Conflicting Evidence Given as to the
Time the Washout Occurred — The
Roadbed Was Low.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Jan.
29. — The jury impaneled by acting Coro
ner E. E. Cunningham to hold an inquest
over the body of Engineer Keyer, who
was killed in the Baden accident, held an
other lengthy session to-night and ad
journed without accomplishing any actual
work.
Two new witnesses were called, Joseph
Morgan and Antone Buffet. Both were
very willing witnesses, though their testi
mony was mostly hearsay. Both swore
that Tilton told Watchman Murphy that
the water was over the track and it was
his duty to Hag the train.
"With the conclusion of this testimony
there followed a long wrangle among the
jury as to the advisability of bringing in a
veniict without securing the testimony of
Fireman Gill or J. P. Reynolds, the re
porter for The Call who was with Murphy
when the latter made a desperate but fu
tile effort to attract the attention of En
gineer Keyer. Juryman Neff was out
spoken in his desire to have the jury reach
a verdict. It was finally decided, how
ever, to adjourn over until Saturday morn
ing at 10 o'clock, when an effort will be
made to ! aye Loth Fireman Gill and Mr.
Reynolds present.
There seems little reason to doubt that
two-thirda of the jury are inclined to fix
the blame on Watchman Murphy, although
the ten witnesses so far examined have
given no evidence to show that the watch
man did not show the danger signal.
Every witness seems to be very much at
sea as to time. Section Foreman Wren
testified that he was at the scene of the
fatal disaster at 5:20 and that later he sent
an assistant back over the track. At that
time the water was not running over the
track and there was no reason to expect
the flood, which came almost as soon as
their backs were turned.
Antone Buffet swore that the bulkhead,
which the railroad people claim caused
the washout, broke between 4 and 5 o'clock
in the afternoon. This assertion is cor
roborated by others, though the time is set
from half to three-quarters of an hour
later. If Buffet is correct is it difficult to
understand how it is that the great volume
of water just released did not reach the
end of Mr. Wren's beat until after s:iO
o'clock, and had not even begun to gather
when he says his assistant appeared on the
scene some minutes later.
W. J. Martin, agent of the South San
Francisco Land and Improvement Com
pany, is the only man who bears out the
statement of Murphy, though even tuia is
in a faint-hearted sort of way. He saw a
light near the bridge just above whore the
accident occurred, and the light, whether
it was white or red he could not say, ap-
Deared to wave.
If the suggestion of acting Coroner Cun
ningham is followed, the Southern Pacific
will come in for a certain amount of cen
sure whether the jury find Murphy guilty
of criminal neglect, or the railroad merely
lax in its track-walking system.
When the new line by way of South San
Francisco was completed three years a;>o
the swamp lands between here and Colma
were thought capable of producing trouble
at any time. To obviate this as much as pos
sible the railroad was raised an average of
eight feet. The heavy rains of the last two
years have washed in so much loam and
debris as to practically level the bed. It is
now on an average of" only about two feet
above the swamp. When a heavy rain
comes it is matter of a few hours only for
the swamp to become entirely covered with
wat r.
The bursting of the bulkhead, whether
it occurred at sor 6 o'clock, threw such a
volume of water against the thirty-foot
culvert as to completely block it up.
Something had to give way, and it did, in
the shape of the loose sou and gravel of
which the embankment is made.
It is contended by Mr. Cunningham that
had the Southern Pacific kept the roadbed
at its original height the storm of Sunday
could not possibly have done any harm, as
the culvert wouln easily have carried away
three times the amount of water suddenly
released by the breaking of the Spring Val
ley bulkhead.
LANG QUONG SHOT HIM.
VerdJct of the Coroner's Jnry at the
Inquest Yesterday on the Body
of Yung Vow.
The jury at the Coroner's inquest on the
body of the Chinene, Yung Vow, who was
shot in Lou Fat's disreputable den in
Bartlett alley on the night of Friday, the
24th inst., brought in a verdict yesterday,
charging the murder to Lang Quong, who
is now under arrest.
According to the statements made by
Laundiymen Hoo Woey of 827 Clay street,
Wong "Fong of 10 Church alley and
Laborer Owe Foo, who lives on Stockton
street, between Jackson and Pacific, Lang
Quong started the quarrel over a, glass of
liquor, and challenged Yung Vow to go
outside and have a duel with him with
pistols then and there. On the advice of
friends Yuna- Vow went outside with him
and Lang Quong fired three shots at him.
There were eleven men and three women
in the <len at the time. The names of tha
men are Lang Quong, Yung Vow, Owe
Foo, Hoo Woey, Wong Fong, Dong
Chung, Quan Chat, Tsang Yee, Weng Bin,
Wong Ho and Lou Sing, and those of the
women Fong Lean, Ah Gum and King Fa.
WANTED, A LEADING MAN.
Frank Armstrong Did Not Sail
With the Carrie Warde
Company.
THE ORLANDO OF STANFORD
A Well-Known Actor Who Has De
serted a Starving Wife
and Child.
There was an exciting scene at the wharf
yesterday morning, just before the steamer
National City sailed for Eureka. On board
were the Carrie Clark Warde Company,
bound for a theatrical season in Eureka,
to be followed by an extended tour of the
northern counties.
What spread consternation in the ranks
of the company was that Frank Arm
strong, the dashing leading man, who
had been engaged especially for the tour,
came not and inquiry developed the fact
that he had sent no baggage on board.
The telephone was put into requisition
and messengers were dispatched in haste
to visit Armstrong's favorite haunts, but
all to no purpose. The leading man had dis
appeared. Another actor, who guaranteed
to play lover's roles with as much in
tensity as Armstrong, was induced to rush
on board at the last moment and the com
pany set sail for Eureka, giving thanks
that it had providentially been spared the
painful embarrassment of beginning its
tour without a leading man.
On the wharf an officer of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
had been an interested spectator of the
company's tribulations. When the anxi
ety to find Armstrong was at its height he
stepped on Doard. and all but exasperated
the manager by inquiring pleasantly: "Is
there a man narara Frank Armstrong in
your company?"
"I wish there was," replied the manager,
devoutly; "he ought to be here, but "
The officer held a warrant for the arrest
of the missing man on the charge of de
serting his wife, Junie Armstrong, and
their young child and leaving them en
tirely destitute. It was then that the
manager decided that Armstrong's services
were not needed by. the company, though
he had no opportunity of formally telling
the actor so, for, though the officer waited
and watched till the steamer sailed away,
the leading man did not materialize, aiid
all efforts to find him yesterday proved
unavailing.
Frank Armstrong will be remembered
NEW TO-DAT.
Wff^^^^^^^^^^r^ trie belt is in the strength of elec-
§rP^^'\^L*\^rtglPtf^ tricity it gives into your body. Thi a
K^^m*^2^B^^ depends/on the battery used. Dr. San-
Bj^g^-^gj^P^^ den's Electric Belt is made strongly, almost
iiSfflSar indestructible, and it is POSITIVELY GUAR-
ANTEED to generate a current of Electricity that you can feel
every time you charge it for one year. With care it lasts five
years. It has eighteen powerful elements, is perfectly insulated,
and possesses what no other electric belt made has, a regulator,
so that you can regulate it while it is on the body.
IT HAS MANY CURES.
The best proof of the value of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is
its cures. When you see the names of well known people in the
papers every day, people who say they have been cured by it,
you know that it has cured these people and it will cure you.
"It cured me of sciatica in 8 days," says John K. Knox. Mare Island Navy Yard, Vallejo.Cal.
"It cured me of nervous prostration and female weakness, which was so bad I could not
hold my head up at times."— Mrs. Amelia Quinn, 25!) Richland avenue, San Francisco.
"It cured me of a stitch in my back two years ago, and the trouble has never returned." —
H. Price, Cedar Landing, Oregon.
One thing about the people cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt is their intense gratitude. And why should they not be
grateful, when this simple appliance has cured them after they
had spent hundreds of dollars in drugging ? Dr. Sanden's Elec-
tric Belt treats all diseases in a scientific, natural manner. If
medicines will do any good they will be given free of charge
with the Belt. Get the book, "three Classes of Men," free on
application. '.'
s-A-axriDEisr EIjEOTXIZC co.
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B to 6 ; Evenings, 7to 8:30; Sundays, 10 to 1.
GIVEN AWAY
• Consisting: of one sheet of FARM BUILDINGS and one sheet
• of 78 Subjects, DOMESTIC ANIMALS, etc. These are to
« please the children. The Farm House and Animals can
2 be cut out and ' made to stand, thus making a complete
• Miniature Farm Yard.
• <
: 3 Ways to Get This Farm : :
• C^.-.-r/ 6 Coupons; or •
• OC?J7u 1 Coupon and 6 Cents of 2
Z 10 Cents without any Coupon, to $
• BLACRWCLL'S DURHAM TOBACCO CO., DURHAM. N. C. •
and the Farm will be sent you POSTPAID. You will find
one Coupon inside each 2 ounce bag, and two Coupons
inside each 4 ounce bag of .
BiiMfs QeßDloe Tefiaoeo.
Buy a bag of this Celebrated Smoking Tobacco, and read the
coupon, which gives a list of other premiums and how to get them.
V 2 CENT STAMPS ACCEPTED. J
THE POT CALLED THE KETTLE BLACK
BECAUSE THE HOUSEWIFE
DIDN'T USE
SAPOLIO
as the handsome, dashing actor who
played Orlando to Miss Pauline French's
Rosalind in the "As You Like It" per
formance at Stanford a few months ago.
His manly, spirited acting "under the
greenwood tree" won any amount of ap
plause and made the matinee maidens
declare that he was "just lovely." It was
a case of masks and faces though, for the
careless Orlando knew what it was to want
for a square meal himself, and he knew
also that in a poor room on Sixth street
his wife and little child were almost
hungry at that moment.
Speaking of tne Stanford engagement
S. Friedlander of the Columbia Theater
said yesterday: "Armstrong is quite a
well-known California actor, and he never
need be a day out of a position if he would
give up h is dissipated habits. When he
asked me to take him on as Orlando I
guessed he would act the part to perfec
tion, though he looked to me to be starv
ing, in spite of his dashing, manly bearing.
He made a I it as Orlando and he was well
paid for playing the part.
"Last week, during the run of 'The
Ensign,' Macklyn Arbuckle was playing a
part that was very exacting on the voice,
and, as he wanted to reserve his energies
for 'Men and Women,' we had to find a
substitute. 'There is only one man here
who can play that part perfectly,' I said,
'and that is Frank Armstrong.' We sent
for him, but in his place came his wife
with a littie baby in her arms, saying he
had disappeared two days before."
At the Alcazar, where Armstrong played
until a couple of weeks ago, the statement
was made that nothing was known about
him, except that he had been dismissed
from the company.
The young wife of the missing actor,
with her baby, is at 28^ Sixth street in an
entirely destitute condition. The As
sociated Charities sent her a few immedi
ate necessities yesterday, and the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
is striving to locate the missing husband.
Olh'cer Holbrook stated yesterday that it is
believed he has run away with an actress
to whom he has been paying considerable
attention of late.
EXECUTIVE COUNCIL CLUB.
Organization Effected in the Thirty-
Second Assembly District.
A Republican Club for the Thirty-second
Assembly District was organized last even
ing in Pennies Hall, on Kentucky street,
near Solano, under the auspices of the Re
publican Executive Council. The hall was
crowded to the doors when in the tem
j porary absence of Organizer Smith the
1 meeting was called to order and J. T.
Copus elected temporary president and
Frank Bowen temporary secretary. The
roll was then opened tor signatures, and
when 300 had been affixed the permanent
I organization was effected. The permanent
i officers are: President, J. T. Copus; secre
i tary, P. Bowen; treasurer, William Smale;
: enrolling committee— \V. Williams, J. S.
I Hamilton and Charles Kollmer; delegates
; to the Executive Council— Messrs. Copus,
i Smith and Hamilton. In spite of the
j large attendance the organization was
i peaceably effected.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDdE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postujre Free:
Tally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.IB
Dally end Sunday Call, one year, by mall. . . 6.00
raily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Tally and Sunday CaVi., three months by mall 1.50
tally and Sunday Caix, one month, by mail.. .65
fccnday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Wkxkly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone M»ln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
6SO Montgomery etreet, comer Clay: ©pen nntfl
9:10 o'clock.
SSS Hayes street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
717 Larkin street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
6W . corner Sixteenth and Mission streeta; open
tun S o'clock.
IMb Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
iis Moth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
90S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 82, Si Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY ....JANUARY 30, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
California is in danger.
Now is the time to protest.
The refunding scheme is infamous.
We cannot accept Hote Smith as a
referee.
Bonds for 100 years at 2 per cent 1 Think
of that.
Smith introduced the bill of abomina
tions, but who wrote it?
The Reilly bill was bad, but the Smith
bill discounts it.
The wnolo Pacific railroad muddle can
be settled in the one word: foreclosure.
Now that the monopoly has shown its
hand all the world can see how unclean
it is.
As a bond fiend Mr. Smith is even more
abominable than Cleveland and without
half his excuse.
Surely no Californian can hesitate to
oppose such a refunding scheme as that
which is now proposed.
The people will have to wait a long time
to hear any one explain the "equities" of
ttie latest refunding scheme.
The refunding biil has been referred to
Hoke Smith, and there is no telling what
hocus pocus may come next.
Smith's refunding scheme cannot possi
bly be made decent by any amendment; it
must be blotted out altogether.
While every nation on earth seems
eager to offer England a lizht, Turkey is
oiling for one and can't get it.
When Grove L. Johnson needs enlight
enment he should apply to his constitu
ents, and not to the attorneys of the rail
road.
The proposition to refund the debt of
the Central Pacific for 100 years at 2 per
cent is in plain terms a proposal of in
famy.
The fight against the refunding scheme
has reached the critical point, and those
who intend to oppose it at all must oppose
it now.
It may prove a fortunate thine in the
end that the railroad asks so mucn, for
those who show themselves too greedy
very often get nothing.
We shall see from the vote on the coast
defense bill just how far the Senate was
moved by a war spirit, and how far by a
desire to make speeches.
Pattison of Pennsylvania is coming for
ward as a Democratic candidate for the
Presidency, but he can hardly be called
promising, for he cannot promise to carry
his own State.
Railroad Attorney Tweed says if the re
funding biil passes freights will not be
raised on the Central Pacific because of
the conjpetition, but where is the competi
tion to come from ?
Since the Government of the United
States cannot borrow money for Jess than
3 per cent, why should it lend money to
the railroad for 1 per cent for ten years
and for 2 per cent for ninety years?
Every board of trade, every industrial
organization, every newspaper and mass
meetings in every city and town in Cali
fornia should send protests against the
passage of the Smith biil, and should send
them at once.
The London Chronicle favors a move
ment among the powers to get the United
States to stop the barbarism of Turkey,
Congress favors a movement to get tbe
powers to do it, and so the world's move
ments go on while the Turk remains where
lie is and does the same old business in
the same old way.
It was asserted by the free-traders that
free wool would promote the manufacture
of woolen goods in tnis country, but the
result of the experiment for a year shows
that British manufacturers of such goods
sold us four iimes as much in 1895 as in
1894, and during the same period the im
portations of foreign wool increased 150
]>er cent.
The Chicago Newt Almanac for the cur
rent year gives a list of American
women who since 1870 have married titled
foreigners, together with the amount of
their dowries so far as known. The ag
greeate of known dowries amounts to
$.170,653,000, and it is estimated the un
known amounts will raise this sum con
siderably above $200,000,000.
When the Democratic National Commit
tee met to select the site for the party con
vention some of the onlookers in Washing
ton endeavored to find out the Eentiment
of the committee on the Presidential ques
tion, and while, of course, nothing positive
was learned, the conclusion was that the
eilver men of the party have no candidate
ir.id the gold men are in favor of Olney.
The argument for the establishment in
tiic National Government of a Department
of Manufactures and Commerce is ably
expressed in an open letter addressed to
the Chicago convention of the National
Association of Manufacturers by Richard
!!. Edmonds of the 31 anu fact tire rs' Record,
Baltimore. The movement is an important
one, and will doubtless receive the support
of all who have given the subject the
study it deserves.
TIME TO PROTEST.
If any Californian has indulged the
pleasing hope that the defeat of the Reilly
bill in the last Congress had taught mod-
eration to the railroad monopoly and that
there was no pressing need of an aggres-
sive fight against anything it might ask of
this one. that hope was rudely shattered
by the publication in The Call yesterday
I of a synopsis of the Smith bill, which the
House Committee has approved, referred
to the Secretary of the Interior and will
I probably report to Congress.
Bad as the Eeilly bill was the Smith bill
is worse. It contains every objectionable
feature of the most extreme demands of
the railroad and offers no compromise with
the sentiment of the people or with a due
regard to the public welfare. Despite the
fact that in the Cleveland loans the Gov
ernment itself has had to pay a fraction
more than 3 percent for money, the bill
provides that in computing the debt due
Government by the Central Pacific, money
sball be estimated as worth only 2 per
cent. It further Drovides that when the
total indebtedness has been thus com
puted the debt shall be funded by issuing
bonds to run for 100 years; for the first
ten of which the interest is to be 1 per cent
and for the remaining ninety years 2
per cent.
This scheme, if carried through, will
fasten the cinch of the monopoly upon Cali
fornia and the great central road across the
continent for a century to come, and will
impose upon the industry and commerce
of that region a heavy burden of debt to
be paid off through exacting freight rate 3
extorted by the monopoly which the debt
itself has been the means of perpetuating.
The most greedy and grasping of monopo
lies could not ask more than has been pro
posed in this scheme. It is in plain terms
an infamous proposal. There is not a re
deeming feature in it. It carries millions
for the monopoly and not a cent for the
people, and moreover violates every law of
justice and every principle of finance, In
order to continue the power of a corrupt
and corrupting corporation.
It is significant that this measure, ap
proved by the Pacific Roads Committee in
secret session, was sent to the Secretary of
the Interior for his opinion. That means
of course that Cleveland is to be consulted.
Before Congress has a chance to discuss the
measure, even before it is reported to Con
gress, the big bond-dealer of the White
House and his Secretary, Hoke Smith, are
to give it their approval. By this scheme
it is made certain that if the bill passes in
Congress the President will sign it. It
must be beaten, therefore, either in the
House or in the Senate. That is the issue
now' before us and to that issue every
energy should be directed. Every Board
of Trade or Chamber of Commerce, every
industrial organization, every newspaper
and every city and town in the State by
mass-meetings or by its official authorities
should send protests against the bill and
send them at once. Tne danger is immi
nent and the infamy is threatening.
TOBACCO IN CALIFORNIA.
The success which tobacco-growing has
enjoyed for years in the southern end of
the Santa Clara Valley has induced a
strong movement to engage in the indus
try. It has never been a question that
tobacco would nourish in this State, the
more important considerations being the
quality of the product and the cost of la
bor. On the score of quality it has been
asserted that while the crops are bountiful
the product is coarse in texture and heavy
in essential oils, the principal one being
nicotine. It might be expected that in a
country where, under liberal irrigation,
vegetation tends to rankness tobacco would
develop a coarse fiber; but as this depends
solely upon its method of treatment dur
ing its growing it can be governed almost
with mathematical precision. As for an
abundance of essential oils, that is as valu
able a thing in tobacco as an excess of su
gar is in wine grapes. There is an unfail
ing market for "strong" tobacco.
Cotton will grow better in California
than in the South, but it is not cultivated
hero because of the absence of cheap labor.
The same condition operates in the case of
tobacco culture. But within recent years
there has grown up within the State the
employment of children in the fruit-drying
industry, and as the labor is light, pleas
ant and profitable the country schools gen
erally time their vacations to suit the fruit
drying season.
The heavy labor required in the cultiva
tion of tobacco is similar to that employed
with other crops. There is, howevei, a
vast amount of light work to be done, par
ticularly in keeping the plants Iree from
worms. Children could do this with
creater ease and celerity than adults, and
their labor might be profitably employed.
The opium poppy will grow well in Cali
fornia, but it is not cultivated because of
the expense of labor. Tea, also, would
doubtless thrive, but it would be impos
sible to compete with the cheap labor
which produces it in China and Japan.
j Considering the higher and more prolit
i able results which can be made to attend
fruit-growing, it hardly seems worth whiie
to experiment with staples which are pro
duced elsewhere with the aid of degraded
labo.\ Far more inviting than experi
ments of that kind are the possibilities
which lie undeveloped in the Slate, and
! which are features of the monopoly which
' California enjoys in this country as the
producer of fine fruits and wines.
The extraction of perfume^, from odor
iferous plants which grow here in so re
j markable luxuriance should be developed
into a profitable business, as it would be
one iv which women and children could
find pleasant, profitable and healthful
exercise. Silk culture remains to receive a
more thorough test.
TALKING OF MONEY.
The rapid publication of books and pam
phlets on the silver question, which, fol
lowing thick and fast in the wake of Coin's
Financial School, formed so striking a fea
ture of the financial discussion last year,
promises to be repeated this season. The
year is young yet and the opening of the
Presidential campaign is still far off. but
already no less than three new books ad-
vocating with more or less wisdom the re
monetization 01 silver have been sent to
us by the publishers.
One of these books, "Statesmen Three,"
issued by the Statesman Publishing Com
pany of New York and written by A. C.
Fisk, hardly deserves comment, and is not
likely to find favor among intelligent ad
vocates of bimetallism. It represents the
whole of our financial legislation since the
outbreak of the Civil War as having been
dictated by a conspiracy of bankers, refers
to the demonetization of silver as "The
One Hundred Billion Dollar Robbery,"
and even goes so far as to insinuate that
the assassinations of Lincoln and Garfield
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
were committed at the instigation of the
conspirators of the money power.
A much more reliable book is "The Ef
fects of the Gold Standard, or Bimetallists'
Catechism," by W. H. Smith, M.D., pub
lished by Charles H. Kerr & Co. of Chi
cago. There is much in this book that
will repay the reader who wishes to study
the subject without resorting to the more
abstruse and technical works on finance.
It is not likely to prove so popular as
"Coin's Financial School," but is never
theless written in a simple direct style
easy to be understood, and will have con
siderable effect in determining waverers to
take a decided stand in favor of the free
coinage of silver.
Quite different from the other two in
styie and method of treating the problem
is the' third work, "Money and the Money
Power." This is a compilation of a series
of articles contributed to the Middlebury
(Vt.) Register by Joseph Battle and is pub
lished by the Register Company. The
value of the compilation is largely en
hanced by the fact that in addition to the
articles of the author it includes all the
important laws of the United States rela
tive to money, several notable essays by
high authorities in England on the effect
of the gold standard on British manu
factures and numerous quotations from
other writers of established repute on
financial subjects.
"With so many books on the financial
issue pouring out from the press the
chances are it will be worn threadbare be
fore the campaign opens and the orators
wiil have nothing new to say. This will
not be altogether a loss either to the speak
ers or to the public. Both will probably
be perfectly willing to set the money ques
tion aside until we have re-established a
protective system that will give the peo
ple a chance to earn money of any kind.
A STRANGE QUESTION.
Our dispatches from Washington giving
an account of the proceedings before the
House Committee on Pacific Railroads on
Tuesday report Grove L. Johnson as say
ing to Mr. Tweed, the attorney for the
railroad: "It has been asserted, particu
larly in California, by tome politicians
that if the Pacific Railroad debts should be
refunded the people of California would
be obliged to pay the debts in increased
freight charges over the roads. Is there
any foundation for such a statement?"
Coming from a representative in Con
gress from California this is a strange
question most strangely expressed. Why
should Mr. Johnson seek from a railroad
attorney information as to what would be
the effect on California of the refunding
scheme? Why should he fay that "some
politicians" assert that if the railroad
debts are refunded the people of California
would be obliged to pay the debts in in
creased freight charges? The assertion
spoken of is not made by some politicians
merely. It has been made by commercial
bodies, by mass-meetings, by newspapers
ana, in short, by everybody who has given
the subject the consideration it deserves,
with the exception of those who either are
or have been employes of the railroad.
Is it possible that Mr. Johnson has over
looked so notable s fact as that in his own
State?
In reply to Mr. Johnson the railroad at
torney is reported to have said : "The
proposition is absurd. Freight rates on the
Central Pacific Eailroad, as on all other
railroads, are kept down by competition,
and they could not be increased to cover
the funded debt." If that answer satis
fied the questioner, as it seems to have
done, he can hardly have been Mr. John
son of California. It is true there are
competing routes for the terminal points
of the Central Pacific, but there is no com
petition for all the length of line that
stretches between the terminals. It is the
local freight rates that will be raised to all
the traffic will bear, and, except where
the competition of the new San Joaquin
road prevents, those rates will be certainly
raised to meet the interest due on the re
funded debt. How ebe, in fact, is the
money to be raised ?
In his position as member of Congress
Mr. Johnson represents the State of Cali
fornia and also the Republican party. He
is aware that both the State and the party
expect him to oppose the refunding scheme
now before Congress, or any other that
may be brought forward. To do this in
telligently he must, of course, have in
formation; but the next time he wisties
enlightenment he had better apply to his
constituents and not ask questions that
imply a total ignorance of what is going
on in California.
LADY'S PLAIN WAIST WITH
MELON SLEEVES.
Plain waists perfectly lilted, the effect being
smooth and seamless, are in high favor. The
design shown in tins illustration picture* a
cheviot mixture. The seams of the sleeves and
the edges of collar and belt are neatly stitched
by machine. Another dress made after this
model was of green and black wool. The plas
tron between '.lie box pleats in front was of
green velvet. The box pleats were edged with
narrow bands of Persian lamb fur. The stock
collar of green velvet was iinished at the back
with black satin bow. a piece of black satin
ribbon two inches wide and one yard long was
gathered iuto top of collar to form ruche. The
seams of the sleeve were left open two inches
at wrist, each piece faced separately. A ruffie
of white lace extended half an inch below the
edse of sleeve and showed in the openines
Eeli of black satin ribbon.
*u A dr i es £ °i mixed wo ° l snowing many bright
threads bad the simulated box pleats of myrtle
green velvet. The plastron between the pleats
in front was of dreamy Ruioure lace over white
satin. Stock collar of white satin ribbon fin
ished with bow at back. Belt of velvet and a
piping of same velvet showed in all the seams
of the sleeves. A serviceable dress of brownish
mixture had pleats and belt bound with
leather-colored braid.
SHORT SMILES.
They have a brand of whisky in San Antonio
called the "Horn of Plenty," because it will
corn you copiously.— Texas Sifter.
A boy never says his schoolteacher Is nice. If
he likes her he says she isn't as mean as the
others.— Atchison Globe.
First cabman— How do you find things?
Second cabman— Slow! Just think! I bought
that horse yesterday and he hasn't paid for
himself yet!— Puck.
Mrs. llßsuton— l lost two ol my best boarders
this week.
Mrs. Hammond— Perhaps they foil through a
crack in the floor.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Charles \V. Tozier, the mining engineer, who
has figured in one way or another in many
camps of the West, is one of the familiar fig
ures at the Lick House.
Mr. Tozier has been fifty years in mining
and forty years on the Pacific Coast. As the
erpert for Alvinza Hayward and T. D. Lane,
he reported favorably on the now famous Utica
mine, one of the richest, it is believed, in the
world.
For many years Mr. Tozier was a hydraulic
miner, and in this capacity he got out at vari
ous times and in various places a large amount
of gold. When the excitement broke out at
CHARLES W. TOZIER, THE PACIFIC COAST MINING EXPERT.
Virginia City he went there and took a hand at
quartz mining.
At an after period he returned to California
and resumed hydraulic mining, which he fol
lowed for some years. But about a dozen
years ago, when the anti-debris laws were
passed, he turned his attention again to quartz
mining.
Though he has been among the first at every
big camp in Nevada, Utah, Montana, Idaho,
Colorado and Arizona, and has also had much
experience in Mexico, he thinks there is no
place like the mother lode of California. In
Mariposa, Calaveras and other counties on this
lode he foresees the development of enormous
additional wealth.
•'You go up and down the country, wherever
you will," said he, "but you can find only ono
mother lode. That lode is in California. It is
a plenty good enough thing to tie to. I have
been all over the West, and am satisfied with
it. I don't believe, either, that Africa or Cool
gardie is equal to it."
Mr. Tozier says he knows of considerable
Eastern and British capital that is coming to
the mother lode far investment. Syndicates
are being organized, and the indications are
that big developments will take place on the
lodo in new and old places in the next rear or
two.
The veteran expert is a talented story-teller.
He usually has a lot of men around him, and
invariably he interests them. The larger num
ber of his stories relate in some way to mines
and mining, the subject that lie 3so near to
him.
THE PIXY BAND.
When I forsake the busy street
And train my footsteps borne at night,
A band of naughty pixies meet
Me on the steps with keen delight.
They nimbly steal my hat and lake
Away my overcoat and cane;
My wet umbrella seize, and shako
Adown my back the drops of rain!
In vain i plead, "Oh leave me; go,
And bar the way no longer, please;
Why will ye clog my footsteps 80?
Why will ye hang about my knees?"
They bend me down and mount my back
And, heedless quite of bump or fall,
They make the floor a racing track.
And speed rue through the entrance hall.
We reach the parlor; there they place
For mo my easy-cushioned chair.
And pull my beard and pinch my face,
And comb away my scanty hair.
They rail me "papa"— man alive!
Sure, fortune smites with heavy hand,
When I, a youth of thirty-five,
Am father of a pixy Dand !
L'KXVOI.
Beside a row of drowsy heads,
With moistened eyes each night I stand.
And bend and kiss them in their beds—
God bless my little pixy band !
—Chicago Inter Ocean.
TRIED TO BUY CUBA ONCE.
Thirty-seven years ago this morning, says
the New York Mail and Express of the 24th
inst., Senator Slidell, chairman of the Senate
Committee on Foreign Affair?, reported back
to the Senate from his committee his bill au
thorizing the President to purchase Cuba from
Spain and appropriating $30,000,000 for that
put pose. Slidell introduced the bill on January
10, 1859. It was referred to his committee
and favorably considered. The Democratic
Senators met in caucus on January 15 to con
sider President Buchanan's recommendations
concerning Cuba and voted to support the I
Slidell bill as embodying the President's views.
Buchanan intended to make the acquisition
of Cuba the leading feature of his administra
tion, and it is probable he would have brought
about war between Spain and this country if
he could have had his way. President Pierce,
who preceded Mm, desired to annex Cuba, but
the Kansas-Nebraska question prevented the
accomplishment of this project. The slave
Democrats had for some lime recognized the
necessity of additional slave territory and rep
resentation, in order to hold their fast waning
power in Congress, and the Slidell bill was the
outgrowth of this policy. Every added West
ern State weakened the power in the Nation of
the slave Democrats, ana they saw in Cuba two
slave States.
The Republicans fully appreciated the
dangi;r in the Slidell measure, and it was
fought desperately at every turn. It became
the feature of the session, and almost every
prominent man in the Senate delivered a set
speech on the preat questions it involved.
When SliaeU's bill was reported from the
Foreign Affairs Committee the New York
Tribune, from whose Hies the Mail and Ex
press gets the data for this sketch, character
ized the measure as "a cunning complication
of claptrap arguments." Senator Seward of
New York, representing the minority of the
Foreign Affairs Committee, opposed the bill
when it was reported back, and succeeded in
having its consideration postponed until
January 31. He pointed out the dangers in
the measure, nnd said that to put the army
and navy and 5f30,000,000 iv the hands of the
President was a surrender of the constitu
tional power of Congress to make war. He de
clared that the proposition to buy Cuba when
Spain refused to sell was ridiculous and an in
sult to Spain. In a later speech he read from
the debutes of the Spanish Chamber of Depu
ties, where the members demanded reparation
from President Buchanan for his gratuitous
insult to the kingdom iv virtually proposing to
force the sale of Cuba.
The consideration of the bill was prevented
by the opposition, which gained strength as
the questions involved were diseased. .The
newspaper correspondents came to mention it
as the "thirty million bribery and corruption
scheme." It occasioned an all-night light on
February 25, when its friends thought to pass
it in its original form, but the amendments
and substitutes came thick and fast, and at
daylight Slidell withdrew, with the bill on the
table. On this night Senator Wilson presented
a substitute appropriating $50,000 for the ac
quisition of Cuba and all the other countries
on the continent south of the United States.
At the close of the session two days were
devoted to the Cuba bill, but when the Senate
adjourned without day the measure was on
the presiding officer's table and was never re
suscitated.
One of the leaders in the opposition to this
measure was Senator Doolittle of Wisconsin,
who is still a vigorous man, actively engaged
in the practice of law in Chicago.
PERSONAL.
C. F. Preston of the United States navy is at
the Occidental.
James J. Atkins of Pittsburg is among the
recent arrivals here.
Charles B. Sloat, a business man of Fort
Worth, is in the City.
Deputy City Clerk Jack Best of Los Angeles
is on a visit here. He is one of the pioneers of
the State.
W. H. Dickson, the widely known lawyer of
Salt Lake, is in the City.
Alador Rausch of Budapest, who is here on
a business trip, is at the Palace.
United States Judge Erskine M. Ross of Los
Angeles was among the m-rivals at the Palace
yesterday.
Frank M. Berry of Juneau, Alaska, was among
the crrivals at the Russ yesterday. Ha is ac
companied by his family.
William A. Pinkcrton, the noted Chicago de
tective, is at the Baldwin. He and Captain
Lees attended tlfe races together yesterday.
Mrz. .1. 11. WMted of Dunsmuir, wife of Su
perintendent Whited of the Dunsmuir division
of the Southern Pacific, is a guesj of the Grand.
First Lieutenant George E. McConnell of the
revenue cutter Perry has been ordered East to
take command of one of New York's harbor
boats. Mr. McConnell was formerly commander
of the Hartley here.
E. W. Chapman, owner of the Taylor mine,
fourteen milts from Auburn, and also of the
Zancroft, near Newcastle, is at ihe Occidental.
Both these mines are paying handsomely and
there is a 20-stamp mill on each.
W. F. |Prisk, editor and proprietor of the
Grass Valley Daily Union, is in the City. Mr.
Prisk reports the mining outlook for his sec
tion as unusually good. He says that Grass
Valley is entering upon a new era of prosper
ity.
Portal Henry and Raupellier Piene, wealthy
gentlemen of France, are at the Grand. They
are on a tour of the world, and will visit Yoko
hama, Calcutta, Saigon and other important
places in the Occident, returning home by the
Suez canal.
John Cameron, the mining man of this City,
has reLumed from Cripple Creek, where he
went about six months ago. He says it is a.
bad place for poor men, that pneumonia
is carrying off the people at the rate of 15 a
day, and that the accommodations are entirely
inadequate to the demands. lie thinks well
of the district, however, and believes it will
prove one of the phenomenal districts of the
world. According to experts, so he says, there
are $ 30,000,000 worth of gold ore in sijjht in
various mines there. People are coming from
Africa. Australia and the Eastern States, and
there is money in abundance for investment.
Ten million dollars was offered for the Inde
pendence mine and refused. Gambling in
stocks continues. It is a wild camp. The
houses are chieilv built of plain boards and
canvas. It Is very cold there now . The ther
mometer often goes to 15 deg. or more below
zero, and snow lies on the ground.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.-A. Bicrce and
A. L. Rhodes are at the Astor; A. Thompson,
St. Cloud; W. A. Walker, Brunswick; O. John
son, Broadway Central; Mrs. Natick, Imperial;
J. Harmes. Miss B. Harmes, Vendome; A. H.
Mnrtin, Imperial; G. Raphael, Marlborough;
G. C. Smith, Astor; J. Wells, Gilsey; H. S.
Wood, St. Cloud; C. W. Memcall, Continental.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 29. — San Fran
cisco: I. S. Ackerman, Arlington; Henry A.
Butters, Shoreham; W. A. Martin, Normandie:
Leigh Berne, Pages.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A Tide in thk affairs— M. N., City. "There
ig a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at
the flood, leads on to fortune," is from Shake
speare's "Julius Coesar," act IV, scene 3, and
the lines are spoken by Brutus.
Brooklyn Bridge— E. 0., Colma, Cal. The
New York terminus of the Brooklyn bridge is
in I'ark Row, facing City Hall Park; the ter
minus on the Brooklyn side is at Fulton and
Sand streets, the termini of nearly all the ele
vated and surface roads.
Reducing Weight— E. P., City. If a person
thinks that he ought to reduce his weight
twenty pounds he can do so by dieting or tak
ing exercise. The ilrst should be under the
advice of a physician and the second under the
instruction of a professional trainer.
Gladstone— J. S., Menlo Park, Cal. The
Right Honorable William Gladstone, states
man and orator, was born on the 29th of De
cember, 1809, at Liverpool, and is the fourth
son of Sir John G. Gladstone, Bart., of Fasque,
in Kincardineshire, Scotland.
Debts— B. 8., City. In this State In order to
recover judgment against an individual who
is indebted for salary, balance on furniture
and so forth, an action must be commenced in
the Justices' Court if the amount claimed is
under $300, and in the Superior Court If the
sum be in excess of that amount.
Dodger— E. S., Livermore, Alameda County,
Cal. The application of the word "dodger" to
signify a small handbill is credited to tie Phil
adelphia Times of the 28th of August, 1885.
In the issue of that date the following ap
peared :
A number of printed dodders were distributed In
different parts of the city and also posted on the
doors of all houses occupied by Chinese.
Poetry— M. M. P., City. Millions of poems
and so-called poems have been published and
there is no man who lias ever read them all
and very few who can remember even tne sub
stance of those read, therefore it is impossible
to say who is the author of "a poem, the last
line of which is 'For to sit alone with oue's con
science is judgment enougti for me,' or some
thing similar." Poems that are worth pre
serving are Indexed by the title and by the
first line in books of reference.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
A musical season late is better than none at
all, and as Lent approaches announcements of
musical attractions are beginning to increase.
All through the early part of the season Pader
ewski was the only glittering concert, bait
held before our eyes, and the Tavary Opera
Company the only grand opera organization
we were promised. Then came tne announce- I
ment that the Abbey, Schoeffel <fc Grau Com- j
pany would come in May, and now the man- j
agement of the Columbia Theater announces j
that it has taken Beheel's Auditorium for a
series of concerts and has just concluded
engagements for Marci with Frau Materna
and Franz Ondricek, the latter of whom has
proved by far the most successful of the many j
Imported violinists who have been playing in
the East this season. Materna, Wagner's ac
knowledged ideal in his principal creations, as I
Isolde, Elizabeth, Brunnhilae and Ortrud, will i
sing excerpts iromthe Wagner operas. She is
an artist of marvelous genius and achieve
ments, whose work in the field of music-drama
has become a matter of history. Her o!d
friends will no doubt, rally to her standard,
and those to whom she is but a name will be ;
eager to lay by the fruitful memory of having I
heard Materna, though no longer in her zenith.
In the East she is being rapturously greeted by I
alt good "Wasnerians, with whom Materna is [
part of the Bayreuth master's creed.
"Evangeline," ai> opera based on Longfellow's
poem and set io ir.usic by Xavier Leroux, lias
just been produced with success at the Royal
Theater of La Monnaie, Brussels. Leroux i3a
pupil of Massenet, and "Evangeline," the first
opera he has ever produced, was written when
he was only 27 years of age. Le Menestrelsays
of the new work: "A short prelude is played
while we are shown 'the primeval forest,'
whose mysterious voices are one oi the leading
themes all through the work; then the first act
transports us to the rustic peace of Acadia,
where the songs of the people recall the French
mother country. The act ends in a love scene
by starlight between Gabriel and Evangeline.
Nothing in the opera being prettier than this
love duet. The betrothal of the lovers is be
ing celebrated in the next act with a hallelujah
of joyfulness, when suddenly the victors ap
proach, the happiness is changed to desolation
and the famous episode of the church of
Grand-Pre, described by Longfellow, is enacted.
The fourth act transports us to the arid shores
of ihe Teche, in Louisiana, where, in a scene
full of poetical music, Evangeline and her ser
vant are welcomed by a shepherd; the voice of
Gabriel is heard from afar and he shoots past
in a rapid bark, lamenting his lost Evangeline.
The last act passes in the hospital in Pennsyl
vania, where the lovers sing- their tarewell to
earth and hopes of meeting in the world be
yond the g.-ave— then the scene fades away and
one sees again the primeval forest of the pre
lude and hears the music that suggests the
voices of the forest."
In the memoirs of Sir Charles Halle, which
are soon to be published In London, will be
found a touching anecdote about his son,
Clifford Hal'.e, who passed through this City
some months ago. Mr. Halle, who is a well-
Fran Materna, the Great Wagnerian Singer, and Franz Ondricck, the Bohemian
Violinist, Who Will Bo llcard at the Auditorium.
known singer, was giving a concert in a town
in Cape Colony, where the only available hall
had been used to exhibit trained animals. As
the evening was very warm the doors and
windows were all left open. Clifford Halle had
finished the first part of the programme,
when in response to warm applause he sang
as an encore the beam if ul Hod, the last phrase
of which en<ls"Bruder, sage ja" (Brother, say
yes). The singer was just emitting a beautiful
hi^li mte on the final "ja" when a burro
thrust his head through the half-open door
and in a rlcn barytone voice began a loud
"Yah, yah." This response to the singer's
poetic appeal gave rise to a tumultuous scene
of laughter and applause, led by the officers of
the garrison. The comraandent said to Mr.
Halle: "You will never create a greater sen
sation than to-day, but I do not advise you to
take back your 'brother' when you return to
London."
The audiences at the great Italian opera
houses have strong opinions of their own on.
the subject of music, and never hesitate to ex
press them. At San Carlo in Naples, the other
day, the first Neapolitan performance of "The
Viilkyrie" was given, and the opera gave rise to
tumultuous scenes of disapproval. The public
remained quiet enough tili the second part of
the first act, when they began to make fun of
what was being sung. During the third act
the demonstrations of ' disapproval became
tumultuous, and people who wanted to listen
were unable to hoar the music. At last the
audience began to cry: "Hurrah for Verdi!"
"Down with Wagner!" and every on* lett the
theater, most of the people whistling and hoot
ing. The impresario is afraid to put on "The
Valkyrie" again, though he went to consider
able expense in staging the work.
Luigi Arditi's memoirs are almost ready for
publication, and* will first be printed in Lon
don. The career of the composer of "II Bacio"
has been a long and active one, and should
contain some interesting incidents. In 1850
Arditi directed the Italian opera at Castle Gar
den, New York, and there he made the ac
quaintance of the Patti family. He afterward
became chef d'orchestre at Covcnt Garden,
London, and In 1889 he conducted when Patti
made her London debnt. Maurice Strakosch,
Patti's brother-in-law, and her impresario,
then engaged Arditi for his troupe, and in
18G2 h«» wou great success at Vienna with his
waltz "11 Bacio," which Patti has sunfc ever
since in "The Barber of Seville." Arditi has
known almost all the great artists for the last
fifty years, and has toured all the civilized
and half-civilized countries in the world.
From Madrid it is announced that in conse
quence of the disasters iv Cuba the theaters in
the Spanish capital are practically deserted.
The impresario of the Theater Royal has just
failed and the Grand Opera has had to close
its doors. The Minisier of Public Instruction,
in whose gift the management of the latter
house lies, is said to be seeking in vain to find
an impresario willing to undertake the man
agement of the Grand Opera.
Active preparations have begun at Bayrenth
for this year's performances. Frau Cosima
Wagner ia having "Siegfried" rehearsed, under
the direction of Siegfried, her son, It is ex
pected that the attendance at Bayreuth will be
larger this year than ever.
A name celebrated in music has just been
mixed up in a serious dueling affair at Thion
ville between two German officers, which
proved fatal for one of the combatants. The
weapons were pistols and the duel was iought
on the drillsround behind the fort at Juetz.
At the first exchange of shots lieutenant Knhn
of the Sixth Dragoons fell, mortally wounded.
His adversary, Lieutenant Joacnim of the One
Hundred and Thirteenth Infantry, was no
other than the son of the great violinist, Dr.
Joachim.
The Philharmonic-Artistic Society of Padua
has just given the first performance of a
charming opera, "Mta," composed Dy one of
the members, the Marquis Francesco Dauli.
Dall' Orologio. The work was received with
great favor. One Italian paper stys of it: "The
opera does not manifest great pretensions, but
it augurs well for the future career of its young
composer."
The Prince of Wales has followed the eran
ple of his nephew, the composer of the "Hymn
to Aegir," and has composed a cantata for soli,
chorus and orchestra.
According to the Italian papers, Saint-Saens'
"Henry VIII" has not proved a success at the
Scalain Milan.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mark Twain writes to a friend in Hartford
that he went away in debt and will come back
in a first cabin.
President Faure of France has given permis
sion to the citizens of a town In New Hebrides
to call the place by his name.
The Rev. Minot J. Savage has been invited to
deliver the essay before the British and For
eign Association in London next June, an
honor never before bestowed upon an Ameri
can.
The Czar of Russia is said to be very much
Interested in the brilliant fight that H, R,
Pillsbury of America has been making at St.
Petersburg agaiust the chess veterans of
Europe.
The Polish residents of Baltimore are taking
steps to commemorate the one hundred and
fiftieth anniversary of the great Polish patriot,
Thaddeus Kosciuszko, which -will occur on
February 12.
Charles Webb, the genre painter of Dussel
dorf, has just died from injuries received from
a fall. He was born In Breda in 1832, and was
a Dutchman In nationality and not an English
man, as his name would indicate and as was
commonly believed.
When President Kruger of the Transvaal
paid his Visit to England he refused to go to
the theater, deeming it immoral. He was ac
customed from force of habit to rise at 3 o'clock
in the morning, and it put his entertainers to
vast inconvenience to have his breakfast served
to him at that unseemly hour.
Califobma glace fruits, 50c lb. TownKend's.*
Special information dully to manufacturer,
business houses and public men by the Pres»
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
M. Romero, the Mexican Minister, sayt that
peace in Mexico is as secure as it is in any
other country, and that foreign capital is be
ginning to realize that life and property are as
safe there as anywhere else in spite of the rev
olutionary record of the past.
After other medicines have failed, Hood's 3ar
saparllla has permanently cured. This is explained
by the fact that Hood's Sarsaparllla is the only true
blood purifier, the unconquerable foe of disease.
The Genuine "Brown's Bronchial Troches"
are sold only in boxes. They are wonderfully
effective for Coughs, Hoarseness or Irritation of
the Throat caused by cold.
All lovers of the delicacies of the table use Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters to secure a good
digestion.
NEW TO-DAY.
AT AUCTION!
Closing-Out
SALE
Of DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEW-
ELRY, CLOCKS and SILVER-
WAKE to the highest bidder.
NO Reserve.
BARRETT &13HERW00D,
9 and 1 1 Geary Street.
SALE COMMENCES TO-DAY, and con-
tinues daily at 11 o'clock and
7:30 evening.
Souvenirs Given Away After 2 o'clock.
STORE TO nEKTT.
O^JDAILY^X
/Wj Thursday, Jan, 30th. To-day only.
l| Old ladies' " Repose
If Shoes, 2f to 5, lace, wide,
US easy, $1.75 grade. To
lm close lot to-day at 75 cts.
luff Smiths f-peclals gave you money
j,Oj every day this week.
J3 Smiths' Cash Store,
•**• 414, 416, 41 8 FRONT ST, S. F.
■THORSUA^ lAXVAKY 30. 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
California Tiifate-r— "In Old Kentucky."
Fai.dwin Thfater.— Grand Opera Season —
Monday, February 3, " Aida,''
Coldmiiia Theatkh— "Mon and Womeii."
Morosco's OPKItA-Hoosic— "Tha Editor."
Tivom Opeka-Housk.— "lxlon: or. Tlie Man of
the Wheel."
Oefhkkm.- Jlisn-Class Vaudeville. .
(■Dover's Aitazab.— "A Canting Scoundrel."
New lirs'isr. Thk.atkr. — "Uncle Tom's
Cabin." commencing Sunday .Matinee, February 2.
OOX.DKN Gatk Hall.— Lecture by Mr. J. .1.
Morse of London, on I rM:iv evening, January 31,
at, 8 o clock.
Shoot ran Chutes— Dally at Haight street,
one block east of the I'ark.
£ay Dwt&ii ■ Track.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Barrktt ft Shebwood- To-drty (Thursday).
Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry, etc.. at 9 and 11
Geary street, at ] 1 a. m. and 7:SO p. m.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The State is suing to have the $3400 estate
of Patrick Moran escheat to itscli.
Pr. T.rown will continue to enjoy pastoral
privileges till the close of lira, l'nvidson's trial.
Judge Sea-well has decided that the directors
of the Honey Lake Land Company were legally
elected.
"Ff.ir" is the particular brand o f weather
predicted for to-day t>>- Forecast Official A.
MoAdie.
The C.ay-street market case of cruelty to
chickens came up yesterday in Judge Camp
bell's court.
The body of an unknown young miin was
found on me Presidio Beach by a soldier yes
terday forenoon.
The railroad in its suit against the "stop
over" suitors has commenced to put its wit
nesses on the stand.
Los Angeles has appeared in the test of the
primary election lnw by an appeal from Judge
Van Dyke's opinion.
The Supreme Court has reversed its judg
irrent in the case of Hannah Butler against
Ashworth and others.
The will of Mrs. Minna Goshner, leavine an
estate valued at *20,000 to her children, has
been filed for probate.
Captain Ilealy testified in his own behalf
yesterday at the investigation into the charges
preferred against him.
Rev. E. H. Jinks \va3 installed at the Van
Ness Presbyterian Church las', night as the co
pastor to Dr. Mackenzie.
The large fleet of coasters which came into
port yesterday report furious gales and heavy
ecus off the northern coast.
A well-attended concert was given last night
in the Association Auditorium for the benefit
of the Good Samaritan Mission.
Yesterday the body of the sailor lost over
board from the ship Ancaios, January 15, was
recovered from the bay off Beale street.
The downtown poolpeliers have opened up a
new resort which is dangerous to the lives of
the people who congregate there to gamble.
Postmaster McCoppin has inaugurated a
plan of having the British mails assorted in
transit. Several hours' tine will thus be
saved.
The winners at the Bay District yesterday
were: Jack Atkins, Levena «'. Bright Phoebus,
Coleman, Colonel 'Weightraan and Clara
Johnson.
Peter Majruire, a member of the Water-front
Brickhandlers* Protective Association, is pre-
Taring to sue the organization for $10,000
damages.
The Coroner's jury yesterday at the Yung
Vow inquest charged lime Quang with the
shooting. It was the result of. a quarrel in a
Bartlett-alley den.
Three footpads robbed 1 'William Klindt on
Montgomery street, near Jackson, on Monday
night shortly after 6 o'clock, and took his
money and watch.
John St. Clair, 20 Everett street, was found
guilty of cruelty to his little daughter, Sadie,
by Judge Low yesterday, and was ordered to
appear for sentence today.
The Saloonman advises owners of corner
groceries to organize for resistance to the
plans. of the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union for their extermination. . •
Frank Armstrong, a well-known local actor,
is being sought by the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children. He is charged
with deserting his wife and child.
Collector of the Port Wise will begin now to
take a census of the Chinese here. All that
will be necessary will be to make separate
lists of the registered and unregistered. Chi
nese. /
The police want owners for four boxes of
cigars, a large box of Old Virginia cheroots
and an overcoat, which well-known thieves
were trying to sell and are believed to have
been stolen. ' SSpS
The Catholic Educational Union held its first
open session in Metropolitan Temple last even
ing:. The house was crowded, and really clever
and Interesting papers were read. It was a
ladies' night.
A person representing himself a3 coming
from Prosecuting Attorney Dare of Judge Jo-
Prosecuting Attorney Pare of Judge Jo
achimsen's court has been attempting to extort
money from people who have had cases dis
missed in that court.
Trial of the suit of the Carson City Mining
Company against the North Star Mining Com
pany for" .*•;;!.">, for ore taken out of a dis
puted Grass Valley ledge, began in the United
btates Circuit Court yesterflay.
Market Inspector Ben Davis was under in
ia circuit Court yestertay.
irket Inspector Ben Davis was under in
vestigation by the Board of Health yesterday,
and after hearing the testimony, which was
rather favorable to the accused official, the
matter was taken under advisement.
Advice to bond-bidders has been received at
ths sab-treasury informing them that along
with their subscriptions they must deposit the
cost of exchange on New York, and one-six
teenth of 1 per cent premium is fixed as the
minimum.
Alfred Tobin of the Hibernia Bank is in New
York negotiating the purchase of United States
bonds ana will buy at least $1,000,000 worth.
num.
Ed Tobln of the Hibernia Bank is in New
ating the purchase of United States
1 in will buy at least $1,000,000 worth.
James EL Kelly, president of the bank, mated
vestenlay that the institution refused to enter
bond syndicates.;
Henry J. Crocker, Maurice Casey and Harry
Lan.beftson bought an old-fashioned brass
bound writing-desk last week. Crocker became
sole owner by matching, and then discovered
a hidden spring, which revealed drawers con
taining money and jewelry.
D. B. Fifield, engineer in charge of the train
that ran over atvl killed Mrs. Furey near Ocean
View on Monday, was arrested by Sergeant
John B. Martin yesterday on the charge of
manslaughter, and was released on hi 6 own
recognizance by Judge Conlen.
The Southern Pacific Company, on its coast
division, daily violates the City Ordinance
which prescribes the speed of trains within the
City limits to be uot more than eight miles an
hour. Trains are run not less than fifteen
nn iiour urnl ts high as thirty miles.
Federal Judges McKcnua and Morrow have
-• % riators Perkins and White in be
half of their need of proper accommodations
in the proposed new Government building.
iperrulog architect has been throwing
the blame for the delay in his plans upon them.
Alexander Wallace of the steamer Costa
Rica, which arrived yesterday, was knocked
down by a boarding* ware during the trip down
the coast nnd severely injured. He was im
mediately removed to St. Luke's Hospital,
where he was found to be fearfully mangled
and crushed. He will probably die.
W. C. T. U. FIGHT.
The Saloonmn.ii Giv«s Advice to the
Imperiled Corner Grocer.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union has not found its progress in secur
ing signatures to the petition for the
divorce of the saloon and grocery a trium
phal march. Opposition is being mot on
the part of the corner grocers and their
friends.
The recent issue of the Saloonmnn con
tains the following :
Such a bill, if passed, would strike a deadly
blow at the most remunerative department of
several thousands of groceries scattered
throughout the City. These groceries are
largely dependent upon the bars at the back
for tneir profits. Were they deprived of this
source of revenue, it is doubtful whether in
the majority of instances they would -not be
compelled "to go out of business altogether.
This result has already appeared in the decay
of this class of business in New York and
Chicago, where it was once on* of the flourish
ing industries, ana all through the enactment
of one-sided and pernicious legislation, like
that now proposed to be enacted here. Our
grocerymen must remember that the contest
will be a hard one, and mat war will be waged
to the bitter end by their opponents. They
must lose no time in realizing Hint the ques
tion involved Is one of paramount importance;
that the influence which will be Drought
against them in the Legislature is powerful
and will light with the energy born of fan
aticism. They must fight with the same
political weapons that will be used aga'nst
\hcm.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Stories of Storm Told by the
Coasters That Came in
Yesterday.
THE THAYEE'S MAIDEN VOYAGE
A Disabled Schooner, Thought to Be
the Free Trade, Seen Off
Cape Mendccino.
The old bark Germania, which arrived
from the north yesterday morning, reports
that on January 19, off the Mendocino
coast, during a tierce southeast ca!e, the
schooner Fr^o Trade from this port was
seen with her jib carried away. Both ves
sels were laboring hard and no communi
cation was had with the disabled schooner.
This seems to meet with the statement
of the steam-schooner Sunol, which came
in Tuesday, that a lumber-laden schooner
was seen with flag inverted as a signal of
distress. She was under a double-reefed
foresail and appeared to be disabled. The j
Free Trade was at that locality and in
j about the condition described.
The little schooner Bessie K. staggered in
! Tuesday night very much wearied after
her rough trip from Albion. Her cabin
was Hooded, the galley swept clean into
the sea and her deckload of railroad ties
went plunging and banging around in the
air and water like the Cohma's fatal load
| of lumber.
When almost all of that deckload had
left the half-foundered Bessie she labortd
\ less heavily and managed to escape the
I tierce southeaster.
The schooner Wins & Wing, from Coos
j Bay, had her hands full for twenty-seven
days struggling with a series of heavy
gales. Her cabin was flooded and the
ueckload shifted by the constant pounding
I of me seas.
The schooner J. M. Coleman, which ar-
I rived yesterday from Tacoma, is another
j craft with an interesting experience. She
j was seventeen days on the passage and,
her carjro shifting, her starboard rail was
I under the water.
The new schooner C. A. Thayer, from
Eureka, a short time azo came in on her
maiden voyage, and her first experience
with the Pacific will last her a lifetime.
For five days she v:as hove-to, with the
seas going over her continually. Fhe lost
some of her new white sails and much of
her prettiness in that terrific storm. She
was only saved from foundering by the
use of oil bags, which deadened much of
the force of the pounding seas.
William Deacon, proprietor of the Main
street Iron Works, m a sworn statement
! tiled with the Board of Harbor Commis
, sioners, says that during the last five years
; his linn has done over $12,000 worth of
work for the State. No commissions were j
ever paid for any work until Julius Haste,
the late State Superintendent of Tngs and j
Dredgers demanded them, the firm re- j
luctantly submitting to the extortion.
Mr. Deacon also states that ex-superin
tendent William Cruse aid not receive a j
cent in commissions from the Main-street
Iron Works.
Yesterday afternoon a small lad named
John Gleu«on saw a body floating in the !
water off Beale-street wharf. Anxious to :
earn the $10 bonus given by the City for ■
such discovery, he hastily milled off his !
clorhine and plunged into the cold waters j
of the bay. He swam to the corpse, took |
it in to.v and brought it to the wharf.
Somebody threw the enterprising boy a
rope which he fastened to the prize r and
then several sailors from a vessel lying
ne.ir hauled the remains up on the dock.
When the Morgue wagon arrived the
tailors demanded a portion of the $10, and j
the Coroner's men promised them several
dollars for their labor of about a minute. \
telling young Gleason at the same time of \
I this award. The boy, shivering from his
i work in tne water, was aghast at this con
| dition of affairs. The !flo was rapidly
I 'slipping through his fingers before he re
ceived it. And to further muddle matters j
his three boy companions were loudly
clamoring for a recognition of their claim*.
'■Say, young fellar," said Gleason to the !
Morgue man, "where do Igxtoff? Ifycr
a-goin' to give the whole wharf a piece of
that $10, why just take the stiff and j
divide it up among them all."
And the corpse-finder turned his back
in disgust and stalked up the street.
The remains are those of a sailor lost off
the British ship Ancaios on the night of
January 15.
George Bounds, a sailor on the ship
Lachee, at Foisnm-street wharf, fell down
the hatchway Tuesday night and broke
his loft leg.
The revenue-cutter fleet is getting ready
at Main street fur this season's work. On
the Perry and Rush carpenters are making
repairs, while the Bear is mounted high
up on the drvdock. She is a small ves
sel, but, being "built especially for bucking
tne Arctic ice as a steam-whaler, is un
usually strong. Her trame is strength
ened with heavy oak beams, and her stern
is sheathed with iron. As she stands in
the dock she tips the scale at 1000 tons.
Notice is civen that freight will be re
ceived for the North Pacific Coast Railroad
at Lombard street on Thursdays.
TEN THOUSAND SUED FOR
Water-Front Brick-Handlers and
Their $8000 Benefit
Fund.
An Injured Member Wins One Suit
and Will Bring Another for
Big Money.
Recent and current events on the water
front have forcibly demonstrated the fact
that the brickbat is harmful not only as a
projectile, but as a peace-destroyer when
the handling thereof is made the basis of a
labor organization.
The water-front handlers of brickbats
are in trouble. Peter Ma<_»uire is the man
who suffers, and in a lew days he will
I, ring suit for damages in the sum of
$10,000.
In 1887 some of those who were em
ployed in handling bricks on the water
front, loading vessels and otherwise, or
ganized a protective association. Benefits
in case of sickness ormjury and protection
to the members from wage-cutting were
the primary objects of the organization.
Tiie charter membership numbered lorty
seven, and new names were added to the
roll at every meeting.
The contributions to the treasury were
liberal and regular, considering the kind
of work performed and its remnneration.
A short time ago there was $8000 and over
In the society's official repository, and the
story of varied woes which follows has
much to do with these funds.
When the Brick-handlers' Protective
Association was organized, the intemion
of its founders was to confine it exclu
sively to the Irish nationality. They were
all Irish, honest, sincere and hardworking.
The members and the bricks they
handled pursued the even tenor of their
way for years. Their reserve and benefit
funds increased, and when any part of the
anatomy of a member came in serious
contact with a falling riece of compact
clay, or he was injured in any other mari
ne r. the savings of the association tided
him and his family over their temporary
THE SAN FRATSCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
difficulty. But there came an end to this i
harmonious state of affairs, and for the I
cause thereof the Irish members look to
the admission of the Swedish members.
"There can be no doubt about it," said
Attorney Keys yesterday. He lias charge
of Magnira'a damage suit, and has already
obtained a judgment for $IGO against the
association, the amount judged to be due
Maguire as benelit dues while suffering,
from an injury.
"Yes," he continued, "Maguire tells
the truth, and it is emphasized by the fact
that the Irish membership in the organiza
tion—the t=ocietv being originally exclu
sively Irish— has decreased from fifty odd to
live. Their places have been taken by the
Swedes. lam free to admit that the Swedes
were too much for the Irishmen. The latter
admitted them to their association, accord
ing them all its privileges, but while thoy
were napping the new members succeeded
in getting in a new clause in the consti
tution which virtually accomplished their
undoing.
'•That obnoxious amendment referred to
whisky and its social use?. It was written
to read that any member who was seen at
any time to be under the influence of liquor
was liable to summary expulsion. It even
went so far, 1 am informed, as to make it a
supreme offense for a member to be seen
drinking promiscuously. Therein exists
the cause of Mr. Magulre's downfall. He
fell off a barrel-head, on which he was
seated in solemn meditation, and sustained
a fracture of one of his legs. The commit
tee, on investigation, said it was a case of
plain drunk, but eyewitnesses to the
downfall said that Mr." Maguire was sober
when he took his tumble to the floor and,
incidentally, to the significance of the con
stitutional amendments.whicti the Swedish
j members had succeeded in incorporating."
Whether Peter Maguire was drunk or
sober he won his case, and as soon as the
appeal is decided he will sue the organiza
tion ior $10,000 damages. By reason of
being laid up for several weeks on account
! of his accident and being refused aid from
j the $8000 in the benefit fund, he and his
I family are in destitute circumstances. His
I case will be brought up before Judge
j Sanderson on the sth of February.
G. Hanekomph, a Swede, is now the
president of the association.
BRONZE BUST OF GRANT.
It May Be Placed Near the
Museum in Golden Gate
Park.
Amcunt of Money in the Fund— The
Collection Committees Appointed
in 1885.
It is not definitely settled that the Grant
monument in Golden Gate Park will be
placed on the knoll near the Starr King
statue. Cornelius O'Connor of the Grant
Memorial Association had a conference
with Park Commissioners Austin and
Scott yesterday, and it may be decided to
erect the monument on a site near the
Park museum.
The bronze bust, from Munich,' reached
here a few days ago, and was unpacked at
Rupert Schmid's studio last Tuesday.
Directions were civen by Mr. O'Connor
yesterday to have it transferred at once to
the Casino in the park, where a proper
guard will be placed over it.
Messrs. Reichert and O'Connor, the act
ive surviving members of the executive
committee, do not expect to encounter any
diliiculty in raising money sufficient to \
complete the monumententerprise. When '
the project wa.< first advocated by the press
and leading citizens of San Francisco a
fund of |100,000 was contemplated.
Amonj; the subscribers were Leland
Stanford $5000, James G. Fair $1000, J. C.
Flood $1000, Claus Spreckeis $1000, AlaSka !
Commercial Company $1000, W. 08. Mac- :
donough $1000, and many others for I
smaller amounts. It is not deemed proper ■
now to ask the subscribers who made their i
subscriptions with the expectation that
an expensive monument would be
reared to pay the full amount, but some
thing will be called for to carry out the
pJans.
For three years or more after the death
of A. J. Bryant it was not known that
there was any money deposited to the
credit of the fund. Finally Mr. O'Connor
found a bankbook showing that Mr.
Bryant had deposited $2300, all the money
collected, in the Anglo-California Bank.
It is understood that the Anglo-California
Bank will pay such interest on the deposit
as would ordinarily accrue to a trust fund,
and this amount will materially assist in
completing the monument.
As a leaf of history in connection with
the monument scheme it may be men
tioned that the executive committee met |
at the Palace llotel October 3, 1885, and !
denned the boundaries of eighteen collec- ■
tioa districts and appointed the following !
district committees to solicit subscriptions |
and secure money :
First District: Railroads— A. J. Bryant, I.
Hecht, \Y. li. Harrey, Con O'Connor and
diaries Kohler.
Becond District: Insurance— D. J. Staples,
L. Bromwell and I. Gutte.
Thirl District : Fe loral offices— S. M. Taylor,
B. w. Backus and M. 11. liecht.
Fourth District: City and State officers-
Lot: is Iloitz, J. J. Flynn aud E. Bauer.
Fifth District— Laptain Goodall, J. F. Eng
lish, A. 11. Heudry, Max Popper, A. M.Ebbets
and Alexander Densmore.
.Sixth District — Captain Merry, Robert
Haitrht, Julius Uandman, E. Wertiieimer, E.
Ehrrnaun, John W. Allyne and C. D. O'Suilivan.
Seventh District— l>. D. Shattiuk. i.eurge W.
Whenton, Edward Cruze, W. J?. Whittier, Levi
Strauss, I'homas Hayes, C. M. Yates and K. D.
Carroll.
Eighth District— Moses Helier, J. I). Grant,
John Rosenfeld, William Stcinbardt, Louis
Sloss, N. B. Forbes and Henry i'ayot.
Ninth District— G. W. (iraniiiss, Jlervyn
Donahue, Gustav Rutro, John D. Yost, N. P.
Cole, E. \V. Newhall, Dr. Gates and G. K. Fitch.
Tenth District — O. F. Willey, A. Andrews,
Walter E. Dean, S. H. Seymour, 11. .1. Burke, M.
J. Flavin, M. li.de Young, John W. Behac-tt'er,
Philip McGowrn, James A. Johnson, W. F.
Bunker.
K.eventh District — Charles Lux, Davis Bros.,
Raphael Weill, George Moffatt, M. Price, W. E.
Bridge, David Bush.
Twelfth District— D. A. Macdonald, A. W.
Scott, Sidney Smith. W. J. Adams. A. VV. Star
bird, Wright & Boivne.
Thirteenth District— W. T. Coieman, J. D.
Spreefcels. F. A. Gibbs, Frank Durham, William
T. Garratt, Irving M. Kcott, Mark Sheldon,
Joshua Ilendy, Conunbui Waierhouse.
Thirteenth District — Jerome Stanford, P.
Beamish, Ira P. Rank-in, .Charles Plum, A.P.
Nyp, H. M. Black, Justinian Caire, Count
Smith, Peter Hopkins, J. 11. Withington.
Fifteenth District— A. L. Bancroft, F. S. Chad
bourne, Supervi.-ors Gilleran and Heyer, Ja
bez Swan, C. U. Beamish, E. Black Ryan.
Sixteenth District— H. B. Russ, John H. Wise.
B. P. Flint, J. F. Knox, M. Skelly.
Seventeenth District— J. J. O'Brien, Henry
PiertOD, W.J.Henry. P.J.Nolan, James Far
quahar.son, David McKay, John Nightingale.
Eighteenth DiMrlct— John Morton. James
McCprd, Dr. C. F. Buckley, Charles Aokerman,
K. Dinsmore, W. B. Bradbury, Gladding, Mc-
Bean & Co.
The reuort of the proceedings published
in the Bulletin of October 2, 1885, con
tained this paragraph: "All of the men
assigned to districts will be given a book
which will be signed by the executive
committee, and no one but those who
havebooks will be empowered to collect.
It was decided to issue a handsome cer
tificate to every subscriber to the fund."
Transferred to I. us Angeles.
The petition of Je^i Machado Apis, Feli
cia.no Williams et a), for confirmation of the
Rancno La Jolla in San Diego County was or
dered transferred to the Soutnern District yes
terday by United States District Judge Morrow
on the ground that both the- land and witnesses
were located there.
The Gift of a Good Stomach
Is one of trie most beneficent donations vouchsafed
10 us by nature! How often It is crossly abused!
Whether the stomach j Is naturally ■ weak,' or lias
been rendered so by imprudence in eating or drink
ing, Uustetter's Stomach Biters is the best* agent
lor its restoration to vigor and activity. Both di
gestion and appetite are renewed by this fine tonic,
which also overcomes constipation, Diliousness,
malarial, kidney and rheumatic aliments and ner
vousness*
THE COSTA RICA'S TRIP
Swept by the Seas of a Furious
Gale on the Northern
Coast.
A STEWAED BADLY INJURED.
He Was Knocked Down by a Huge
Wave and Crushed Against the
Iron Bulwarks.
The bright, summery weather yesterday
brought in a large fleet of coasters, and by
them came accounts of the gale that last
week blew furiously off the Oregon coast
and around Cape Mendocino. AH of
these vessels experienced more or Jess
rough treatment in the high winds and
seas that raged over the ocean in that
locality.
Among the smaller fry of the fleet were
two big coal steamers — the Costa Rica
and the Peter Jebsen, from Departure Bay
and Nanairuo respectively. They both
had a stirring time of it, being delayed
about forty-eight hours by the strong
sontheast gale, but the Costa Rica had an
especial experience with the tempest. Off
THE STEAMER COSTA RICA IN THE RECENT SOUTHEASTER.
s [Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
the mouth of the Columbia River she be- j
gan to encounter v heavy sea and Captain !
James Mclntyre put the vessel's head
SQuaiely into it. The twenty-year-oJd
Costa Piica is one of the stanchest craft in
the Pacific, and she drove her sharp metal
| nose through those big rollers with grace
and ease.
Bat she did not wholly escape the visita
tion and the vengeance of the waves. The
seas dashed aboard heaving tons of
furious water around the house and among
the alleyways on deck. But everything
! touched by the waves, except a hand steer
| ing wheel near the stern, being of iron
I and uninovable, no particular damage was
| done. The wheel was of wood and ex
j posed and movable; the sea "didn't do a
thing to it," nor to its accompanying bin
nacle and compass. A few splinters in
I the deck told where it once stood.
Several of the crew did not escape the
i savage charge of the billows ana were
I pitched around against the metal bulk
| heads and bulwarks and more or less se
! verely injured.
Alexander Wallace, the second steward,
on the morning of January 2<>, was
j knocked down and frightfully mangled.
j He was carrying a tray of dishes along the
deck, between toe cabin and galley, when
a huge sea came over the bows. The |
great flood of water rushed aft, catching j
Wailace in the covered alleyway, between I
the eneine-honse and the ship's side. He j
| was borne down under the torrent and
! hurled here and there against iron doors,
ladders and stanchions with great vio
lence. The high rail of the steamer pre
j vented his inert body from being washed
i overboard, but the pitch, roll and jerky
motions of the vessel flung the imprisoned
water around the deck with great force.
Alter the deck had become partially
clear the first oflicer from the bridge
1 noticed what he took to be a bundle of
| rags lying in the scuppers. Looking
i closer he saw the water around it turning
! red. On making his way to the spot he
found the luckless steward lying on his
face unconscious and bleeding from a
dozen deep wounds. He had been gashed
across the back, abdomen, limbs, his head
battered, nose and ribs broken ana tlie
breastbone crushed in, besides being
bruised all over the body. Captain
Mclntvre states that it seems uJmost in
credible that the man should have been
mangled in so short a time and in that,
manner.
The unfortunate steward was placed in
his berth and everything possible done for
him, but that was little, as no ordinary
treatment could relieve those frightful in
juries. He held on to his tray and a large
coffee-pot, which was battered out of
shape, and it is thought that some of his
; knife-like cuts were caused by falling
: against the sharp edges of this utensil.
The rocking of the vessel in the terrioie
storm intensified the disabled man's sut
! ferings, though he was unconscious part
of the time.
Upon the arrival of the Costa Ptica yes
terday morning Wallace; was taken to St.
liUke's Hospital, when his injuries were
! examined and attended to. The physician
| gave it as his opinion that the patient
could hardly recover, as in addition to the
severe wounds, cut* and fractured bones a
broken rib had punctured one of the lungs,
causing air to escape into the chest. Wal
lace ib a native of Scotland, aged about 45
years. _____________
LIMITS OF A PROXY.
They Do Not Include the Right to
Transfer Stock So
Held.
The suit of Lester H. Jacobs, B. H.
Bancroft, W. C. Hamilton and Curtis
Hillyer to have removed certain directors
of the Honey Lake Land Company has
been decided by Judge Seawell in favor of
the directors whom the plaintiffs sought
i tO OUSt.
The election was held on August 3, 1895,
and the plaintiffs were all present, Jacobs
representing T. L. Hardee, who owned
! 49,950 shares of the stock. Jacobs then
transferred 10 shares to himself, 10 to
Curtis Hillyer, 10 to Bancroft and 10 to
\V. C. Hamilton, in order to make them
eligible as candidates, and left the remain
-49,890 shares in Hardee' ■ name, with him
self as proxy. W. B. Lake, F. W. Lake,
F. D. Peterson, F. H. Culver, E. 0.
Humphrey and Joseph Harrison were
elected, but not until the votes of the plain
tiffs had been rejected. The candidates
voted for by the plaintiffs would have
been elected had the rejected votes been
counted, and so they sued to have the di
rectors placed in office removed.
In rendering his decision Judp;e Seawell
declared that the proxy given by Hardee
to Jacobs did not authorize him to make
any transfers of the stock winch he held
as proxy, and that, therefore, the plain
tiffs were not qualified to be ejected. The
subsequent ratification by Hardee of this
transfer of Jacobs vii not have the effect
of rendering the plaintiffs eligible as di
rectors at the time of the election. They
should have been eligible at that time.
The ballots thus cast for the candidates
not eligible to office could not, therefore,
be counted.
CENSUS OF CHINATOWN.
Collector Wise Will Now Begin to Take
Lists of Both Registered and
Unregistered Chinese.
Now that he has learned what the Treas
ury Department requires, Collector of the
Port Vise has decided to set his Chinese
bureau to work at once and take a census
of Chinatown.
Mr. Wise had been supposing that the
department wanted precise data as to the
sex, class and age of the Chinese, and
asked for blank books to be furnished so
as to facilitate the work, but instructions
have been received advising him to simply
procure separate lists of those who are
registered and those who are not. The
bureau would have begun taking the cen
sus yesterday, but it had not quite com
pleted its steamship reports. It may atart
10-day.
From Chief Deputy Internal Revenue
Collector Loupe it was learned yesterday
that there are about 27,000 recisiered
Chinese in this City alone and 55,000 in the
district. This revenue district comprises
all California south of Sacramento. How
many unregistered Chinese there may be
nobody knows. They have been constantly
'smuggled into the State over tb.3 Mexican
| boundary, it is said.
In Los Angeles Inspector J. D. Putnam
has prepared a fairly complete list of the
Chinese there and lie has a record of a
large number of unregistered Chinese.
Chinese who have not been registered
may be deported at anytime; also those
1 who are registered but who have been
convicted of felonies may be deported un
der the McCreary act.
PEOPLE'S HOME BANK.
An Effort to Preserve the As
sets of the Institution
Fails.
M. H. Sherman Granted Time to Amend
t
His Answer — Attorney Flournoy
Indignant.
The directors of the People's Home Sav
ings Bank held an exciting session in the
Mills building yesterday. Coutrary to the
advice of the attorney, John Flournoy,
and in disregard of a minority protest
against p.xposing the assets of the institu
tion to danger of loss, the majority granted
M. H. {Sherman's application for sixty
days' time to amend his answer to the
bank's suit for foreclosure on hi 3 property
in Arizona.
It was pointed out clearly in the discus
sion that it was the duty of the directors
to preserve the assets of the bank, but four
of the directors— Phelps, Thornton, Dorn
and Fremont— voted in favor of giving
Sherman \kw time desired.
A resolution in favor of referring the ap
plication, in the usual manner, to the at
torney, was rejected on the ground that
the legal adviser would report against it.
As far as can be ascertained, Stone,
Davidson and Truman favored the refer
ence on the ground that the advice of the
attorney should be followed on all ques
tions pertaining to suits in court.
It is open talk that Mr. Flournoy will
not obey the resolution granting time for
Sherman to amend the answer. The at
torney is so indignant that he will disobey
the order and refuse to tender his resigna
tion, which will force the four directors to
remove him for endeavoring to protect the
property of the institution.
On the other hand it is maintained by
the majority that Sherman will pay the
note of $25,00G and that the action of the
board will not in any manner delay the
payment.
Sherman wishes, so it is said, to prevent
judgment against his wife. There is ap
vrehension, however, that the time de
sired will be used to set up some defense
against the bank" which is not at present
disclosed.
WILL GET A ROOM.
Reply of the Harbor Comniig
■ioners to the Board of
Health.
The Board of Health has received the
following reply to it 3 request to the Board
of Harbor Commissioners for facilities for
examining meat and milk that comes into
the City from points across the bay:
San Francisco, Jan. 27, 1896.
J. F, Horxc and 11. 11. llarl. Committee of the
lioardof Health— Dear Sirs: Your communica
tion in regard to the inspection of meat and
milk of this City was placed before this board
o-day. and was referred to our chief en >
Kin (V, Mr. Holme?, to confer wit n the Milk
Inspector and ascertain what facilities you
desire. ¥"err wsptetfally. J. L. X keg an,
Secretary of the State Board of Harbor Com
missioners.
NEW TO-DAY.
WONDER
WORKERS
WONDER Cough Cure 25c
NKVKIL FAILS.
WONDER Toothache Drops 25c
NKVEit FAIL.
WONDER Corn Cure 25c
NEVER FAILS.
WONDER Hair Restorer j 60c
CERTAIN AND SAFE.
WONDER Liniment 60c
BANISHES PAIN.
Sole Aeents for Dr. Charcot's Nerve Pills, $ 1 a
box ; 6 for *5.
Mail orders cromptly attended to.
THE WONDETdRUGSTOEE
(FLETCHfcR& CO.),
1028 Market Street.
NEW TO-DAY. . '"J\ ___
f**^r?^k * * >ure and Sure."
OAICiH<S P®W©ER,
"The results obtained by the use of Cleveland's
Baking Powder have always been satisfactory."
FANNIE M. FARMER, Principal Bos/on Cooking School.
DANGER IF NOT DEATH
Exists in the Downtown Monte
Carlo of the Local Pool-
Sellers.
There Is but One Small Exit Out of
Which to Battle in Case of
a Panic.
The downtown poolrooms are again
running in full blast.
They have managed to overcome the
apparent reluctance of the California
Jockey Club to give them the use of a wire
from the Bay District track by having the
news of the race 3 sent them from San
Jose, where it is received by direct wire
from the track.
Under these circumstances, and unless
the California Jockey Club adopts the
S3me stringent measures as did the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club when it leased the
only wire out of its track, the poolrooms
will continue in active operation, wreck
ing the morals of the public.
The eight pool-sellers who had influence
enough to make Supervisor King intro
duce a measure to license their business
and wealth enough to stand repeated ar
rests for violating the Eliert ordinance
have joined in one vast establishment and
have opened up for business on Anna
street, back of the Columbia Theater.
They believe that on account of their
establishment being off the main thor
oughfares they will be permitted to ply
their nefarious trade, and they have fatted
up the old Baldwin stables with all the
paraphernalia necessary to their business.
There is one thing, however, that they
have overlooked, and it is probable that in
this they have made a vital mistake, as
they have placed themselves in the hands
of Fire Marshal Towe, who has the power
and the natural inclination all good citi
zens have to prevent the endangering of
human life.
The new room covers an area of over 3600
square feet, and the only entrance and
exit, for that matter, is but twelve feet
wide. The law requires that all rooms,
halls or places of amusement should be
provided with adequate exits, irrespective
of the point of entrance.
In this gambling resort yesterday more
than 2UOO people were packed at one time,
righting, cursing and inhaling the fetid at
mosphere in their endeavor to get next to
the bookmakers' stand.
The situation at all times from 2 o'clock
to 5 in the afternoon was a menace to the
safety of every individual present.
The cry of fire or a brawl occurring at
any time, both of which are strong possi
bilities, would mean a panic, which must
naturally result in injuries and deaths.
A PALL reporter wedged himself through
the crowd on a tour of investigation, and
it took him twenty minutes to reach the
pool-sellers' window and return. In the
NEW TO-DAY.
JANUARYSALE
— oip —
DESIRABLE and
SEASONABLE GOODS
Throughout Every Department at
Prices
NEVER BEFORE SO LOW!
- We only ask an inspection. The price and
quality are bound to be irresistible.
Specials.
Note the prices and be assured that there are
others fully as attractive.
Gloves. '
1200 pairs Ladies' 4-Button English Walking
Gloves, in tans, browns and English reds, a
facsimile of the Dent Gloves. These cloves are
perfect, in every respect: we lit them to the
hand, and are splendid value at $125 a pair.
For this sale the price is
75c a Pair.
Corsets.-
-; 450 pairs Ladies' Extra Long Waist ed 6-Hook
%V;N. and I. Corsets, made of splendid quality Im-
-1 ported black sateen, with two steels o;i each
side i nd extra-bound bust: finished with silk-
embroidered top, and handsomely embroidered
both 'op and bottom with co ore! silks; In nil
sizes, 18 to 30. The best Corset in the world at
$1.50 a Pair.
Ribbons.
8600 pieces FIRST-QUALITY Satin-edge Rib-
■ bons, in all colors, at the following extraordi-
narily low . prices.' These poods should not be
contain dud with inferior qualities, as they are
psriect goods of the BRUl: quality:
; No. 2, Vz inch wide, 5c a yard, 50c a piece.
. ' No. 3, "\j inch wide. 6^&O a yard, 60c a piece.
No. 5. 1 inch wide, BV»c a yard, hOc a pi-ce.
No. 7, IVi inches wide, 10c a yard, $1 a piece.
No. 9, IV- inches wide. 16c a yd, SI 50 apiece.
No. 12, 'i inches wide, 20c a yard, $2 a piece.
No. 16, 2V" inches wide. 25c a yd, $J 50 a piece.
No. 22, 3 inches wide, 25c a yard, $2 50 apiece.
See Our
Embroideries.
Never such designs— .
' Never such values .
As are now being shown.
JUST Mail Orders promptly rilled.
IlMliLKO!
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 742 and 744 Market
event of a panic what would be the result?
A couple of thousand people, frantic iv
their respective endeavors to gain the
only exit from the place, would crush and
trample each other to death.
There is a law which prohibits the main
tenance of any establishment with exits
that are dangerous to life and limb. This
law ought to be enforced.
Police Commissioners.
The Police Commissioners met last night and
dismissed a charge of violating the rules of
the department against Policemen D. A. Syl
vester and John W. Durkin. The resignation
of Policeman John E. Keegan, to take effect
to-morrow, was accepted.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
%» "THEATRE* »*«>»>*.
lii%H E IN I The Fast Horses
i*fg ' OLD I The Funny Picks
WOMEN ••■-•:;- :■••
ll^r om KENTUCKY I
NOTHING APPROACHING
THE CROWDS EVER
SEEN BEFORE.
Next Monday— CORINNE
In "HENRY HUDSON JR."
Seats Now Ready.
BALDWIN THEATER
lal Havkan & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
SEATS NOW SELLING
For the Famous MARIE
Tavary Grand Opera Oil's Season,
Commencing Next MONDAY NIGHT, Feb. 3.
■ rROLAn3tR.GOTTLOD « n>- uMMAnnrwttOW—
YOU I ' HAVE
SHOULD I SEEN
The Great Crowd L.a»t Night— Actu-
ally Blocked the Street to See the
FRAWLEY COMPANY
"MEN AND WOMEN"
SEATS— ISc, 25c. 50c and 75c.
Easily the Best Comedy To-day on the
American Stage.
Theater Crowded With the Fashion of Kan Fran-
cisco— Delighted— Smiles and Tears Mingled.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES- 10c, 15c and 25c.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c, 35c, sOc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
jibs. .k-BNKSTIxa Kbklins Proprietor <B Maoagac
LAST NIGHTS
Of the Brilliant Success,
"I2SZIO3XT !"
NEXT MONDAY EVENING, FEB. 8,
A New American Opera,
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE I"
Book by Estelle Clayton and Nym Crinkle.
Music by E. I. Darling.
INDIAN, MEXICAN, COWBOY SCENES,
The '49 Mining Camp Fandango.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America. .
WALTER 31OROSCO, Sole lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production in This House of Vincent and
Aldrlch's Sparkling Comedy Drama,
"THE EDITOR!"
And of all the Editors in Town
The Most Entertaining I
} vkxixh Price.*— 2sa and 500.
Family Circle and Gallarr. 10c
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
OTerrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
A BRILLIANT AUGMENTED BILL!
MOrtS. DE BESSELL,
HEELEY AND MARBA,
RACHEL WALKER
AND
A PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE CO.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Open caaln
and Box seats, 50c.
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
12 PERFORMANCES 12
I Commencing Sunday Matinee, February 2.
Cook Twin Sisters. Uncle Tom's Cabin.
Direct from Academy of Music, Philadelphia.
I 56- P. ople— 50. 20— Ponies, Donkeys, Dogs— 2o
ADMISSION-IS, 25, 35, 5O cts.
.Matinees Sundays, Wednesdays, Saturday*.
tfg" Box Office open 11 a. m. to 4 p. m.
SEE THE 810 PARADE.
NOW THE SUN SHINES
Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
Afternoon and Evening.
■ ADMISSION 10 CENTS
Children (including Merry-Go-Round Hide), 10c.
CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIE .V
I LECTURE by MR. J. J. MORSE of London on
I "Some Fundamental Principles of Psychic
Science." Golden Gate Hall, 625 cutter st., FRI-
DAY, January 31, at 8 o'clock p. it. Tickets 25c,
I at Sherman & Clay's and Doxey's 800 store.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
— WINTER MEETING— —
Beginning Thursday, January 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, -Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Ba.urday. Kalnor Shine.
FIVK OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
i Races start at 2:00 P. M. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the (rate.
R. B. jSJILROY. THOa. 11. WILLIAMS JR.,
Secretary. I'resldont.
78
FATHER YORKE
ON DR. WENDTE.
Position of the Church Re
garding Heretics Ex
plained.
DISPUTE OF SCHOLARS.
•
The Eminent Catholic Questions
the Learning of the Emi
nent Protestant.
TOLERANCE AND INTOLERANCE.
I
Father Yorke Declares That the State
and Not the Church Was
Responsible.
Father Yorte contributes the following
letter in answer to the Key. Charles W.
Wendte:
January 29, 1896.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: In his
last letter Dr. Wendte attempted to prove that
the Jesuit theologians taught that regicide was
lawful. By regicide Dr. Wendte meant the
killing of an heretical king at sicht. Of course
the learned exponent of "Protestant scholar
ship" was content with second-hand informa
tion, and the only answer necessary was to
describe the true teaching of the Jesuits, es
pecially as found in Suare.z.
CONCERNING REFERENCES.
In order to back up his theory that excom
municated persons were considered as outlaws
and that the killing of them was no murder.
Dr. Wendte produced that battle-scarred vet
eran of anti-Catholic controversy, the "Papal
Bull of Urban II." He says:
"Those writers appealed among others to the
papal bull of Urban 11, which declares that the
murderers o f excommunicated persons are to
be subjected only to a penance corresponding
to the motives which they had when they
committed the deed. 'Such are, indeed, not
to be considered as murderers if they happen
in holy zeal for the church to kill an excom
municated person.' (See Decret. p. 2, causa
23, q. G, cap. 47.)"
SJORE SCHOLARSHIP.
Of course, I need not inform those who have
followed the methods of Oakland "scholar
ship"' that there is no papal bull ol Urban II of
such tenor. Dr. Wendte has again been mis
led by Ins autuorities or he has constructed
this bull on the lines of his pterodactyl. The
document to which he refers consists of just
three sentences irom a letter addressed to a
bishop of Lucca. The letter itself is not extant
and the occasion on which it was written is a
matter of conjecture among scholars. So
therefore, far from being a papal bull, Dr.
Wendte'a excerpt is only the quotation of a
quotation.
Moreover. Dr. Wendte evidently does not
know what is meant by the reference he so
ostentatiously parades atthe end of his para
graph, "Decree p. 2. causa 23, q. b", cap. 47."
What "Decret" stands for the word itself does
jiut tell. It might mean a decree or a decretal.
If it means a decretal it would take a mind
reader to lind out whether Dr. Wendte intend
» d me Sezt or the Clementines or the Extrava
ge.:::s Common, or even the Kxtravagants of
John XXI I. I>r. Wendte might as well enter a
lawyer's library with the reference "see law
-1 o.'k part -, chap, 0", sec. 34."
However, I>r. wendte's vagueness worked no
hardship, lor the excerpt is well known to
.vho are compelled to deal with contro-
Jt i? taken from what is known as the
"Decree of Gratian." Strangely enough "Gra
tian's Decree" is not a decree at ali, but a text
book of law, and H possesses no more authority
than any other textbook of law. Dr. Wendte
evidently imagines that it is a cross between a
Papal bull ana au act of Parliament. As a
matter of fact it was nothing more than the
Blackstone's Commentaries of the middle
ages.
URBAN" II AND THE EXCOMMUNICATE.
If Dr. Wendte had taken the trouble to ex
amine Gratian's Decree before accusing Cath
olics of pothuntinp for heretics he might
have been spared this exposure. It must be
painful to the learned gentleman across the
bay to have his references continually invali
dated. I am sure the process must "be very
monotonous for your readers. Still the claims
which have been made to accuracy and to
scholarship have been so large and so loud
that I am compelled to show that Dr. Wendte
is dealing with documents about which he
knows as much as astronomy knows of the
other side of the moon.
Let us now look at Gratian'p Decree and try
to discover Dr. Wendte's quotation. As usual
the reference is wrong; but when figures nave
been handed down from author to author this
is not surprising. The second part of the text
book we find taken up with "causes" or im
aginary cases. The twenty-third makes the
following supposition: "Certain bishops with
their flocks fall into heresy and begin to com
pel tne surrounding Catholics by threats and
torture to follow them. On this the Emperor
confers civil authority on the neighboring
bishops and the Holy See commands them to
protect the faithful from the heretics. The
bishops accordingly collect an armed force
snd begin to contend against the heretics and
with success. Some are slain, others stripped
of their private or ecclesiastical goods, some
are thrown into prison and at last the schism
Is extinguished."
Having stated this supposed case Gratian
uses it as a peg on which to hang a number of
moral questions: First — Is it sinful to wage
•war? Second— What wars were just and how
were just wars car-ied on by the children of
Israel? and so on. The solutions to these
questions are given by passages selected from
a variety of sources: the writings of the
fathers, general or local councils, rescripts of
Popes, imperial statutes of Christian and even
of pagau times. The passages on each ques
tion are divided into little chapters or capi
tula, each with a title setting forth the point
specially illustrated by it. The fifth question
is this: "Whether it is a sin for the judge or
his officer to put to death those condemned of
a capital crime? r>
In the course of the answer to this question
occurs the passage of Urban II along with such
capitula as "It is not a sin to put a man to
death ex-oflScio." For instance, it is not mur
der for a Sheriff to execute a condemned
murderer. <% A soldier who kills a man in
obedience to authority is not guilty of
murder." "He is not a shedder of blood who
punishes murderers; and the sacrilegious."
"He does not sin who kills a malefactor ex
officio."
All these answers deal with persons who kill
because the law lays that duty upon them.
The killing may take place after judicial con
demnation, as in the case of executions at San
Quentin. it may take place by command of
authority u.s when soldiers shoot down rioters.
It may take place in the administration of the
law as in the case of Evans and Sonntag.
Now in the midst of these replies occurs the
fragment of Urban 11. It runs us follows :
"Bnjofa upon the slayers of excommuni
cated persona a measure of suitable satisfac
tion, according to their intention, as you have
i.Kr:nd m the practice of the Roman church.
For we do not look upon those as murderers
who. burning with zeal for their Catholic
mother against the excommunicate, mcy hap
pen to ha\e slain some of them. But in'order
that the discipline of the said mother church
may not be departed from impose upon them,
in the manner u L - have said, a suitable pen
ance by means of which they may appease the
eyes 01 the divine simplicity (i. i-. holiness) in
cm-e they may have incurred any guilt (du
pneitas, contrasted with the BimpUcltM of
Oodl through the human frailty in the said
deed of violence (flugitium),"
>"ow from this we see that Gratian is dealing
(l) With acts done under public authority.
(2) That the "excommunicate" here men
tioned are not aii excommunicate, but certain
bands of excommunicated persona who for
some reason or other were condemned to
death.
(3) That the persons who tlew thorn were
not private person*, but persons aeputed to do
t<> by the public authority.
(4) That these persons were not considered
murderers not because their victims were
excommunicate, but for the sume retison that
a police officer would not be considered a mur
derer if he shot an assassin resisting arrest.
WHO WERE THO*E E.XCO.MMINICATE ?
Now what is the historic meaning of this ex
tract? Who were these bands of excommuni
cated persons who were outlawed? As I liuve
said the whole letter is not in existence and
scholars are reduced to conjecture. However,
the opinion in almost unanimous that Urban
II is dealing with violators of what was known
as the Treuga Dei or Truce of God.
THE TRUCE OK GOD.
After the invasions oi ihe barbarians the
Teutonic system of private warfare took the
place of the old "Roman peace." During the
ninth, tenth and eleventh centuries Europe
was in a perpetual turmoil. A baron who had
a grudge against another baron proceeded at
once to mnke war upon him. As a result there
was no security for life or property, ior gen
erally these marauding barons were little bet
tor than bandits.
During this time there was no central civil
authority and the church undertook to rem
edy the state of affairs by instituting what is
known as the Truce of God. ily it all warfare
whs suspended from Wednesday evening until
Monday morning in every week. I'ilgrims,
women, merchants, monks and clerks, the
cattle and agricultural implements of the
!>easant — his ox, horse, plow and even his
olive trees. were declared inviolable. The pun
ishment whs excommunication and banish-
incut for seven or thirty years. At the Coun
cil of Cluremont, in 109'j, Urban II proclaimed
this truce for all Christendom and enjoined
on all men the duty of seeing that it was car
ried out. Of course, the only way in which
that could be done was by meeting" force with
force.
Bands of private marauders, excommuni
cated of course, wandered thruiigh the coun
-■ , and tit times these were attacked by the
d 'fenders of the Truce of God. burning with
I ze 1 for their holy mother. If any of Lbe ex
co nmunicate were slain they richly deserved
| it, and even Dr. Wendte would not call their
1 si tyers murderers. This is all that is meant by
I tile letter, "We do not call them murderers,"
|et". But as it might easily happen that men
i would use this provision of the law to wreak
, private vengeance on their enemies the Pope
I < r ten the Bishop to inquire into the cases of
i Lilling alleged to have occurred in the defense
I «,f the Truce, and to inflict a suitable punish
ment for any duplicity or double dealing he
vi 'it discover.
He rightly remarks that the punishment
C ...i not be death, for the slaying tooK place
;by public authority. But private spite and
j private malice are sinful, and it such motives
were present they should be expiated by peu
auce.
CRIMINAL CAJRELESSNESS.
Such is the exrlnnation of this provision of
the law, and \ou will see, Mr. Editor, how little
I'r. Wendte Knows about these quotations he
flings against the church. During the middle
ages Europe was full of persons excommuni
cated for one cause or another, yet we find no
trace in history of a law permitting them to
be killed at will. Surely the German Empe
rors and their adherents who wrote so many
bitter things against the Pope would not have
failed to bring up such a law, especially as it
was contained in the legal handbook ot the
time.
It would have been a telling accusation
against a Pope that he permitted his adver
saries to be shot down like wild beasts. Asa
matter of fact no such charge was made, and
there is not a single occurrence in history to
juHiiy Dr. Wendte's extraordinary teaching—
that in the case of the excommunicate killing
was no murder. Such teaching is opposed to
all the teachings of morality, not only Chris
tian, but even pagan.
A STRAIGHT QUESTION.
And now I wish to put Dr. Wendte a straight
question. He says that the Jesuit theologians
appealed to this letter of Urban II as proof that
heretic kings could be put to death at will.
What are the names of the authors who make
that appeal and what are the passages in their
writings wherein the appeal is contnined?
This is a straight question. I want a straight
enswer.
A CUKTOrS WITHDRAWAL.
Dr. Wendte quoted Bellarmine as saying,
"Heretics when strong should be commended
to God, and when weak to the executioner." I
called this a monstrous sentment and I chal
lenged Dr. Wendte to produce the reference.
In answer Dr. Wendte Bays:
1. I quoted it from memory.
2. It is in my notes I took at school years
ago.
3. 1 have no time to look it up.
4. I withdraw it.
5. But (aside) 1 believe he said it, all the
same.
6. Because he said heretics should be burned,
which is just as bad.
Now, Mr. Editor, how am I to characterize
this manner of acting as it deserves to be char
acterized? If I should say out what I think
Dr. Wendte would rush into print, threatening
to give up the controversy because I am such a
bold, bad man.
I may be bold and bad, but I would never ap
pear before the people of San Francisco with
my schoolboy notes in my hand as evidence
against a great man like Bellarmine aud a
great church like the Roman Catholic. If my
cause was so bad that I had to manufacture
quotations, I would have sense enough to take
refuge in silence when my manufactory
was found out. I do not think it
would be manly for me to say to
the public, "I withdraw this quotation be
cause I cannot find it, but I believe it is true,
all the same." If Bellarmine had written fifty
volumes instead of only live, and if I had to
stay up all night to search them, I would do
so sooner than make iuch an exposure of the
tlimsuiess of my scholarship. 1 have no right
I to get into a controversy unless I Lave time to
devote to it. I have no right to accuse an
j author of making any statement unless I have
I that author under my eyes. Let me inlorm
Dr. Wendte that Bellarmine made no such
statement. If he was acquainted with contro
versial literature he would have traced that
calumny back beyond his Harvard notes. The
pussage which it purports to represent is found
| in the midst of a quotation which Dr. Wendte
himseif gives farther down, but which, of
course, he did not recognize. In future I
would advise him to burn those distinguished
monuments of Protestant scholarship, his Har
vard notes, and trust to the copy-books which
contain his earlier attempts at the art calli
graphic, known as "Pothooks and Hangers."
BELLARMIN'K'S DOCTRINE.
Dr. Wendte believes it probable that Bellar
mine used these words because he taught that
heretics might be burned. 1 wonder does Dr.
Wendte understand the force of language? He
makes Bellarmine a ferocious heretic-hunter,
barred from his prey only by fear. To justify
the picture, he quoteßßellm -'s statement
of fact that heretics were pu: lsk ■ 1.
Is this fair? Bellarminc 1.. what all the
medieval theologians Held— that the civil
power punished heresy; but neither he nor
any Catholic theologian held that the spiritual
power should shed blood. Moreover,"Bellar
mine himself was a man of the most gentle
disposition, and the cynical temper which Dr.
I Wenate imputes to him is utterly unfounded
in fact. The reverend gentleman tells me to
turn to pc Lulcls, cap. lil. I have done so.
Did Dr. Wendte ever see the book? If he did
he would have found that Bellarmine was
proving persecution out of the mouth of
Calvin.
MORE PARALLEL COLUMNS.
Moreover, Dr. Wendte falsities Bellarmine.
I am very sorry to be compelled to use the
word, but I cannot lind any other to suit the
case. Let me put Dr. Wendte's version of
Bellarmine and the original in parallel col
umns:
WKNDTE. I PKLLARMINE.
Heretics condemned 1 We therefore shall
by the church may be briefly show that iucor
puni.shcd with temporal rigible heretics, und es
punishment and even pecially those who nave
with ffeath (posse hte- relapsed, may and ouahi
reticos mb ecclesia dam-to bt; cast out from the
natos temporalibus pas- church and be punished
nis etium morte mulc-lbv the secular powers
tari). I with temporal puuish
|nient, and with death it
self. (Nos igitur brevi
ter ostendemus liareti
cos incorrigibeles, :ic
pr*sertim relapsos,
posse ac debere ab eccle
sia rejiel et a sajcuiarl
bus potestatibus, tempo
ralibus |'O ins atque ipsa
etiam morte mulctari.)
You will remark that in Bellarmine's thesis
there are two propositions:
(1) That heretics may and ought to be cast
out ot the church.
(2) That being cast out, the civil power (not
the church) might punish them even with
death.
Bellarmine's doctrine is the doctrine of
Thomas Aquinas, which I explained last week.
The state at that time looked upon heresy as a
civil crime, and the question arose whether
the church was justified in excommunicating
heretics when the state would punish them.
The answer given was that the church could
use her right even though the state did inter
fere, but nowhere was the answer given that
the church could or should kill or burn
heretics.
When, therefore, Dr. Wendte says that intol
erance was once the doctrine of the church I
beg to deny the statement. Intolerance was
once the doctrine of the state, aud the church
had to acquiesce in it because it was a matter
outside of her sphere. If Dr. Wendte really
understood the doctrine of the separation of
church and state he would see that the church
has no more right to fix the civil punishment
for heresy than she has to fix the civil punish
ment for housebreaking. Whether heresy
j would be considered a civil crime or not was a
I matter entirely within the power of the state,
and let me inform Dr. Wendte that:
(1) The Citholic civil powers were never so
intolerant as when they were at loggerheads
with t tie Pope.
(8) That even in the reign of Bloody Mary
Alphouso Di Castro, a Spanish friar, preached
agmnst the persecution and was not molested.
(3) That in the days of Louis XIV Fenelon
advised the civil powers to grant toleration.
(4) That no Catholic ecclesiastic protested
against the abolition of the civil laws making
heresy a civil crime.
(5) That not a single measure of toleration
was granted to Catholics by Protestant nations
which was not bitterly antagonized by the
preachers.
1 regret making this letter so long, but I am
compelled to follow up the ways that are dark
and tricks that are vain. "Protestant scholar
ship," like the heathen Chinee, is "peculiar."
Yours truly, p. c. Yorke.
The Bicycle Ordinance.
A detail of policemen in citizen's clothes
made things lively for bicyclists last night.
I hey were instructed to arrest all wheelmen
who did not have a bell on their machines,
or who were riding at a faster rate than
six miles an hour. A large number oi arrests
were made and each gave $10 ball.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
GRAND JURY CENSURED.
The Board of Education Adopts
a Strong Answer to Its
Strictures.
NOT IN FAVOR OF MR. HYDE.
The Late President Also Comes In
for a Good Share of
Epithets.
If the ears of P. A. Hyde, once presi
dent of the Board of Education, did not
tingle last evening, it was because the old
saw that ascribes this sensation to those
who are being scored has lost its meaning,
for Mr. Hyde was hauled over the coals
and belabored with terms of contempt
and derision in a manner seldom heard
among the School Directors. Resolutions
setting forth his unworth and communi
cations calling attention to his short
comings were read and adopted unani
mously. The main broadside, however,
came from Superintendent Babcock, who
presented the reply to the report of the
Grand Jury on the Board of Education
which he had been requested to prepare.
The reply denied most of the allegations
of the jury, attributed all of them to
Hyde in scorching terms, and closed as
follows:
In conclusion permit me to say that no one
conversant with the facts can read the Grand
Jury's communication without a feeling of
wonder at tne gullibility of excellent men. In
my mind's eye, 1 6ee an earnest and innocent
educational committee ot the late Grand Jury,
seeking the best interests of the children of
the schools, with the unspeakable oleaginous
Hyde in the back ground, holding his sides as
he gleefully contemplates with what a master
hand he manipulated enough of the committee
to be permitted under cover to open his mud
vulves on the present Board of Education.
And yet I believe, as I write this closing sen
tence, that it would be sufficient answer in
this community had I said the Grand Jury
heard Mr. Hyde and refused to hear, when in
vited, the Board of Education, to besmear
whom seems to have been the only object of
their letter.
The entire communication, occupying
eight typewritten pages, was ordered
spread on the minutes.
At one time in the meeting there was
considerable excitement caused by Presi
dent Dodge declaring the meeting ad
journed in the midst of the proceed
ings. The report of the Committee
on Supplies, which occupied many pages,
was beine read by the secretary, "wnen a
number of the members quietly withdrew.
Soon it was found that no quorum was
present, and the delinquents were sent for.
Some refused to return, and President
Dodge, declaring that he had no power to
force them to appear, announced an ad
journment. Enough votes were mustered,
however, to pass a motion to have the
reading go over to the next meeting, and
the business betore the house was pro
ceeded with.
Director Clinton introduced a resolution
replying to the accusations of the late
Grand Jury, to the effect that the board
was guilty of an illegal act in raising the
salaries of teachers, referring to the salaries
of Superintendent Babcock and Principals
James O'Connor and Albert Lvser. The
resolution explains that the salaries were
merely restored to the amount received
before the reductions ordered by the last
board went into effect.
Regret was expressed that the Grand Jury
had not seen fit to consult with members
of the present board before rendering a
report and make an examination of the
records of the School Department as it had
been invited to do.
Superintendent Babcock introduced a
resolution providing that the salaries of
teachers held back in October last be paid
at once, in view of the fact that the report
of the State Superintendent showed that
there would be plenty of money for the
coming year. This was amended to pro
vide for the payment as soon as the money
is in the treasury, and it so carried.
The report of the Committee on Classi
fication, containing the following recom
mendations, was adopted:
That the history department of the Lowell
High School be permitted to make certain
modifications in text books; that Miss May F.
Fitzgerald, recently relieved from duty on ac
count of consolidation of classes in the Webster
School, be assigned to the charge of a new
class in the Harrison Primary; that a new
class be formed in the Sutro Primary School
with Miss Maggie J. O'Brieniin charge; that a
new first-grade class be formed in the Peabody
Primary School with Miss Jessie I. King in
charge; that Miss May E. Morrow be appointed
a primary teacher and assigned to Starr King
Primary School; that James Dwyer be regu
larly assigned principal of the Horace Mann
School; that Miss Catherine Riordan be given
charge of the new class established at Sunny
side; that Miss H. B. Steele De employed as a
teacher of history, with stereoptican, at salary
of $100 per month.
The report of the judiciary committee
recommending that the application of Miss
Victoria M. Raclet and Miss Cornelia B.
Campbell to be placed on the retired list
and given pensions be granted, was
adopted.
The Committee on Qualification reported
in favor of the following recommendations
to the State Board of Education:
Miss Francis Hodgkinson for Hisrh School
grade of life diploma, Miss Jessie P. Banks and
Miss Tillie McCarthy for grammar grade of life
diploma, Miss Matlie A. Watson and Miss Mary
J. Dolau for grammar grade diplomas.
The following probationary teachers were
also recommended for election as regular
teachers: Miss Rosa Murdock, Miss Fran
cis and M. Edwards.
The resignation of Miss Eldora Sewell
Deacon as a teacher wa9 accepted.
The City Board of Examiners sent in
the following recommendations that were
adopted:
Miss Mary McVerry, Miss Lillie K. Piper, Miss
Helen Hefron, Miss Lucy M. Wade and Miss Ida
K. Kerran for grammar grade life diplomas;
Miss Sarah F. Goss for grammar grade of State
educational diploma; Miss Lillian M. Ltbbey,
a grammar grade certificate; Miss N. K. Gal
lagher, a grammar grade certificate; Paul
Bomau. a High School certificate.
The grammar grade certificates of the
following teachers were renewed :
Miss Lena Cole, E. W. Engs, Miss M. A. Fen
nell, Miss Julia G. Maher.Miss J. A. Michelson,
Miss Mary McVerry, Miss M. E. Mower, Miss
Augusta Keinstcin, Miss S. A. Webster, Miss C
Kewhall, Miss Jessie I. King.
THE BRITISH MAILS.
They Are to Be Assorted While In
Transit, anil Thus Much Time
Will Be Saved.
Postmaster McCoppin has brought about
a change in the process of distributing
British mails which will effect a saving of
several hours' time.
Heretofore the mails from Liverpool
Glasgow and Dublin have come in a closed
pouch to San Francisco without any effort
having been made to do some of the work
of assortment and distribution while in
transit on the overland train. The Amer
ican mails are assorted on board ship by
what is known as the sea postoffice, and
pouches are thus made up for the various
destinations. Upon this system Mr. Mc-
Coppin thought some improvement could
be made by having a City distributor meet
the incoming Ogden and San Francisco
train at Winnemucca, and then open the
pouch and do the work of assortment
while the train was on the way here.
So he communicated with N. M. Brooks,
general superintendent of foreign mails,
and asked to be allowed this privilege.
Mr. Brooks was agreeable and the plan
will be put into operation at once.
The mail on the overland train arrives
at the San Francisco Postoffice at 9:45 a. m.
By the new method the spr.ks for stations
D (foot of Market street), iv (Palace
Hotel) and B (City Hall) will be ready as
soon as they reach the depot, and a great
saving of time can be effected, as the
necessity of having the entire mail co to
the Postoffice to be assorted will be done
away with.
A MAN DROWNED.
Body Found by a Soldier oi» the Pre
sidio Beach Yesterday Morn
ing.
A soldier of Battery D, Fifth United
States Artillery, named Philip Martel,
found tbe body of an unknown man lying
on the Presidio beach near the Fort Point
life-saving station yesterday forenoon,
and notified the station-keeper.
Coroner Hawkins received word later,
and the remains were conveyed to the
Morgue. The action of the waves had so
disfigured the face as to make it totally
unrecognizable. The flesh was entirely
gone, and there was no name or memoran
dum of any kind about the clothing to in
dicate identity.
The unfortunate was well dressed. The
clothes consisted of a black pique cutaway
coat and vest, blue striped trousers, light
brown overcoat, white shirt, dark tic and
gloves. In the necktie there was a pin
containing seven small diamonds, and a
gold chain and silver watch completed the
dress.
Several bone 3 were broken, but this
might have been due to the buffeting of
the body on the rocks. It may have been
that the man committed suicide, at least,
such is the Coroner's opinion. Evidently
the body had been in the water several
days. As nearly as could be judged it was
that of a comparatively young man.
The following telegram from Fresno
TIIE DESK THAT HELD THE HIDDEN TREASURE.
concerning the disappearance of a Mr.
Wolcott, who has been missing from there
for some time, is self-explanatory:
FRESNO, Cjo.., Jan. 29.— The party in San
Francisco who has been working on the Wol
cott disappearance this evening telegraphed to
Mrs. Wolcott that a body had been found which
might be her husband. Masonic walchcharm,
such as Wolcott wore, was found on the dead
man. Investigations will be made to-morrow.
FOR BEATING HIS CHILD.
John St. Clair Found Guilty and Ordered
to Appear for Sentence.
John St. Clair of 20 Everett street was
found guilty by Judge Low yesterday of
cruelty to Sadie, his seven-year-old daugh
ter, and was ordered to appear for sentence
to-day.
The little girl testified that her father on
January 23 slapped her in the mouth with
his open hand and in falling upon the
floor she bruised her face.
Secretary Kane ainl Officer Cod burn of
the Pacific Coast Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children told of the
girl'B condition when they found her.
Her face was bandaged and they found
her nose was injured, her eyes blackened
and her mouth cut. St. Clair admitted
punishing the girl, but said he did it with
a strap. Tbe girl said her father hit her
with his closed fist, knocking herxiown.
AVitnesses for the defense testified that
St. Clair was a peaceable man and at
tended to his work and family. Evidence
was also given that the girl had a very
bad temper.
ARE BEING IMITATED.
What Caused a Reduction in the Sale of
Peruvian Bitters.
Mack & Co., the manufacturers and pro
prietors of Peruvian Bitters, are hot upon
the trail of some people who have been im
itating the product of the injured firm.
Three suits have already been commenced
against as many saloon-keepers who have
been selling the imitation, and more will
be brought so soon as sufficient evidence
can be gathered.
The sale of Peruvian Bitters had been
running down for some reason, and it w:is
finally decided to put a detective upon the
matter and have it investigated. He soon
found that an inferior imitation of the
genuine article was being sold in bottles
similar to tbat in which the real article
was offered by Mack & Co. Complaints
for damages followed at once, and as the
investigation progresses more complaints
will t>e filed.
-un^^^^u^^^^. ■ .__'_ NEW TO-DAY.
§260 FINE ALL-WOOL CLOAKS, style like cut,
260 FINE ALL=WOOL CLOAKS, style like cut,
rough and smooth finished cloths, perfectly tai-
lored, some with velvet collars, some braided,
some plain, silk faced, colors and black. Were
$18 or more. DON'T WAIT TOO LONG. $3.50
for your pick.
— ; -•-£»£i?»?J~^stf-» : — '■ — i .
ju\ $12.50 JACKETS for $7.50. $& ¥Iy $12.50 FUR CAPES, $7.50.
Jp» HANDSOME KERSEY JACKETS-style like Vi gSodV^^, SfinTwiiM 11 24 l^S? J? APE ?~
cut-box front— buttons-new sleeves-rip- y«&r>* were $12 50 B lnches deep, that
Sj ■ pie backs-tan, blue or black. Were $12 Ml. /P^SBSf \ 27 Jnches, now »9"oo 36"inchea*now W «?«' r!J
, wff^^.- , I3alancegoat .. . 87.50 // lift ' -_1 ___ ' now 510.50
/^Z^^TTTrX /^// f£\\Vv BIACK FREXCJI COXKY FUR CAPES-rood
It { A 9 ii/ V Z& a JIVT *0.50-27 inches, »B.r>O-30 inches, * in"!,
(V \)K -If ) $20.00 JACKETS for $14.00. J«-|V fink st china s^AI^FFHcAPEs-high luster
V W\lf/ X V- **tem*sU?' satln-llned-loolc and wear like real sl>ai
©OIVT ELEGANT LIGHT TAN KERSEY JACKETS JtiSW&wk 24 Inches, were ?iio, now »i-ir"^
« II « —style like cut— large pearl buttons— velvet . "*H> •*k "7 inches, now '""mi "r-'IiIJ
* Z**m _iLf collars— box fronts— ripple back. Were $20. 30 Inches, n0w.... " Mi«
J^^^g^( Unparalleled offering at SI 4. ()() Z^^ZSZIZSZISISSZSZIIISISIS^ 010>ou
■■■■•- • ' " — — ■ £L $700 CLOTH CAPES, $3 5 0.
■"""—— — —^-^— X&L CHEVIOT CLOTH CAPES, style like cut, double,
$12.50 BOUCLES for $7.50. 1..!° c . "..?".!:. navy or black - wer#s7 ' DOW
NOBBY BOtJCLE CLOTH JACKETS-style Ilka j^^^v FINE CLOTH CA PES, 24 to 27 inches lonir single
stylish garments. Closing price Is 5 7 . 50 &7J ; |J\i FINE ALL - W OOL KERBKY CAPES 24 Inched
: §512.50 BOUCLES for $7.50. /"^^ll^^r • dee P. braid-trimmed; reduced from $9 to " ()w
NOBRYBOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS- S tyle like s^WSK FINE crx > T H C A PE^^Tto^? Inches lone stn^
cut-box front-largo button H -very latest /V> TFwxx op do «ble, trimmed with braid were Sit)
sleeves— navy or black— this season's most /// M \\\ now ' »« _^ ii*
stylish garments. Closing price Is 57.50 fe// IM \JA Pr-srii' att wnm "t'-UU"" ' SB Mctt
WBW $15.00 BOUCLES for $10.00. #]_ H E n™v <» BoCEIiH^TH Ci ", E
'^a^ttfflHll FINEST CURLY BOUCLE JACKETS-style jVrtTpV^T circulars, trimmed with braid, navy or oUck
7»H'i'ra like cut-great big buttons-box fronts-ripple ..«••-. <••??'.• •*•> length 27 inches: were $10, now »6 JEach'
backs-newest sleeves-perfect In every way. ■ ———————— ■ ' " D -^acn.
&*s&** 'A to close at once 910.00 - mmmmm mmm^~ mmmmmmmmm mmmmmmm -
*^ $20.00 PLUSH CAPES, $12.50. j|wws\ $22.50 SUITS for $15.00.
W Notlastseason.sstyles-butthevery latest ideas
J«V braided— beaded— silk-Hned. First of season «^»i'r in ,. Fashionable Frocks — TAILOR - MADE
V73T \\ Srv« o^Tit MSddle OI Beaaon ' q uick - 8el "«>B " fez%sj SERGE URESSES-box coats, like cut-new
4*° X ..I^cS^^^pKur'trimr^l F&§W%\ collars, sleeves and back— big wide skirts IdeM
braided— beaded— silk-lined. First of season rC*"-*wV'f ln Fasnlonable Frocks —TAILOR-MADE
SS2 n T nl» Mlddle ot season quick-selling V>-^Wj BERGE BRESSES-box coats, like cut-new
price only .. m • kA w\> s\jJ
•»*.«. uw a* m collars, sleeves and back— big wide skirts sIIIT-
/fefc'¥^ $15.00 PLUSH CAPES, $9.00. : JP^'-Ia ened throu Shout-perfect in every particular,
W&Qfe&iD siTK-vrrRWPAPwc , * /W%oWl\ with months ahead to wear them in-if22 50
bliUlvl nlJbtv r 1,1 oil CAPhs — very full swppn— l* M,/' ■". y-- y 'A \ wortn for 0n1y.......... 815 .00
silk-lined-fur-trimmed-bralded. Instead of / WnffifflSiA WOrtn fOr only "15.00
$15 take your choice at M 9.00 I'-M?/ '-SttV
The Winter Clearance Sale Mark-Downs
Include every garment in our establishment. Prices cannot be matched elsewhere. Plain figures on
all goods. Satisfaction guaranteed country orders. Send mail orders quick, and money with them.
■_..■■■ ■•■- ■'■- : I ... - ,— : — -js@v^o-^S^— —- — — : _____■
IKEJI-.I_,Y A, L.IEBES
CLOAK \AJJSTH SUIT HOUSE,
ISO Kearny Street.
FOUND HIDDEN TREASURE.
Henry J. Crocker Discovers a
Secret Spring in an
Old Desk.
MONEY AND JEWELRY THERE.
Maurice Casey and Harry Lanberton
Might Have Owned the Valu
able Curio.
Henry J. Crocker is being gazed upon
with envious eyes just now by Maurice
Casey and Harry Lamberton. These three
gentlemen occupy the same office at 508
California street and have a similar love
for that which is artistic and antique.
This made them all desire the possession
of a unique, brass-bound writing desk,
which Crocker succeeded in winning, and
in which he ha 9 just found unsuspected
treasures.
The writing desk was offered them by a
dealer in curios named Belasco. Belasco,
it will be' remembered, a fortnight ago
bought some old boxes which once be
longed to Conley Leach. He paid $10 50
for them and found among the other con
tents old coins and rare stamps to the
value of $800. He had come to sell Mr.
Crocker some of these stamps when he
began telling about the writing desk.
The next day he brought the desk up.
Its age was apparent. It was made of
rosewood, was bound heavily with brass
and was prettily inlaid with the same
metal. Substantial brazen handles sunk
in brass shields showed that the desk was
not a mere ornament, but was intended for
traveling. This fact was attested also by
the capacious interior, -which waa divided
off into smaller compartments by shelves
of sandalwood.
The -workmanship shown in the chest
and its oddness made each man desirous
to become the owner. None wished to
put up the entire cost, however, so after
they had lowered the dealer's price of $7
to $4 50 they each contributed ?1 50, and
the ownership of the desk was left to the
arbitrament of fate.
It was suggested first that they throw
dice for it. Nobody had any dicej so Mr.
Crocker borrowed three 50-cent pieces
from the janitor of the building:. Then
they "matched." The odd man was to
take the desk.
At the word the three put down their
coins. When Casey removed his palm the
money showed tails. Mr. Crocker's coin
was heads. Mr. Lambertson's coin was
still concealed. When lie withdrew his
hand a tail was exhibited, making Mr.
Crocker winner.
That evening Mr. Crocker prepared to
take his prize home. Casey at once pro
tested.
"You don't know anything about that
desk," he said. "It might give your whole
family Bmallpox or somethin^'else that's
dreadful. You'd better get the old thing
disinfected before you take it to your
house."
Then he smiled in a superior way and
told how clad he was he hadn't won the
desk. As the days passed and the antique
bit of furniture still remained in the office
Mr. Casey grew to be quite a chaffer. The
result was that the writing desk was a
matter of constant thought, and Monday
afternoon, spurred on by Mr. Casey's
charting, Mr. Crocker looked it over thor
oughly to see if he could not convert it to
some use about the office since he could
not take it home.
Tiie desk was a strong one and with the
cubbies removed would make an attractive
receptacle for papers. While Mr. Crocker
was examining its interior to see how it
could be altered, his ringer touched a
hidden spring. A panel in the side of the
desk at once fell out, revealing three small
drawers.
His cry of astonishment brought Casey
and Lamberton to his side. Their chuff
ing all died awny as the first drawer
showed two $50 bills issued nearly fifty
years ago, but undoubtedly genuine". The
second drawer contained anold-fashioned
gold watch curiously carved and a daguer
reotype, on the back of which was an al
most obliterated inscription. Some ear
rings of ancient pattern and a finger-ring
beautifully chased rested on some stained
cotton-batting in the third drawer.
The jewelry was so curious and the hid
ing-place so deftly fashioned that the spec
tators were dumb with astonishment.
When they regained their tongues they
overwhelmed Mr. Crocker witn congratu
lations. Casey admitted that there wasn't
so much of a "josh" on Crocker after all.
Then he said :
"What will Belasco say?"
But Belasco didn't say a thing. As soon
as he heard that he had dropped down
f rom $7 to $4 50 on a "lot" consisting of
two $50 bills and some valuable jewelry he
made a bee-line for his store. Word came
from the neighbors yesterday mornine
that the curio-dealer was carefully prying
out the entire interior of ail the many
desks, chests and boxes in his possession.
There were no reports of his having found
anything.
.Mr. Crocker is looking for more brass
bound, rosewood writing desks with hid
den springs.
A VERY BRAZEN SWINDLER.
Trying to Extort Money in the
Name of Prosecuting At
torney Dare.
The Police Invoked to Unearth Pecu
liar Practices of a Habitue of
the Courts.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare of Judge
Joachim sen's court has a grievance, and
he has asked the aid of the police in put
ting an end to it.
Some unscrupulous person, who is try
ing to corrupt court procedure, has
been going to people representing him
self as coming from the Prosecuting At
torney and asking for money for favors
done them.
It not infrequently happens that a case
in the Police Court has to be dismissed for
lack of prosecution. The complaining
witness has left the City or may refuse to
swear to a complaint, and theie the mat
ter ends. This knowledge has been util
ized by some person to attempt to extort
money from the fortunate defendant in
such cases, the rascal declaring himself as
acting for the Prosecuting Attorney.
Two cases have within the nast few days
been brought to Mr. Dare's attention. On
September 24 John T. Harris, real estate
broker, was arrested on the charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses. The
complaining witness was Mrs. Marearet
Madden, who had purchased a lot from
Harris which was afterward found did
not belong to him. Harris' friends came
to his relief by purchasing the lot and pre
benting it to Mrs. Madden. On this rep
resentation being made to Judge Joachim
sen the case was dismissed on October 18.
Not long afterward a man called upon
Mrs. Madden, representing that he had
been sent by Mr. Dare. He told her it
was through Mr. Dare that she had got a
$350 lot and that Mr. Dare expected to get
$50 for his trouble. Mrs. Madden refused
to pay anything, and lately she toid a
friend about it. and the friend felt called
upon to speak to Mr. Dare on the subject.
In the other case the defendant was dis
charged for lack of prosecution. When it
was first called the police asked for a con
tinuance, as they could not rind the com
plaining witness. That night a man
called upon the defendant, who was out
on bail, and told him Mr. Dare had worked
it so as to get a continuance till the com
plaining witness could be got out of the
City, and when the case had to be dis
missed he called again and demanded $50
which was declined.
"Any man," said Prosecuting Attorney
Dare, "who says that he has been sent by
myself or any officer of the court to de"
mand money is a liar and swindler. Some
unscrupulous scoundrel, who knows what
is going on in the court, is using my name
to extort money, and if I can discover as I
hope to do, who he is, I shall make'hini
suffer for it.
"Only two instances have recently come
to my knowledge, but heaven knows how
many more there may be, and what will
people be thinking about me? I only
hope we will be able to trace the im
postor."
The river Dee, in Scotland, has had more
poems written in its honor than any other
stream on the British Isle.
NEW TO-DAT.
iUNYOfS
VICTOBY_COSiPLETE
The Old Method of Doctoring
Gives Way to the Sew.
Hundreds of Prominent Citizens
Cured by Munyon's Improved
Homeopathic Remedies.
Stop Killing: Yourself With Dangoroul
Doses of Poisonous Drugs— Get Mun-
yon's Guide to Health and Cure Your-
self With a Harmless 25-cent Rem-
edy—Positive and Permanent Cures
for Catarrh, Rheumatism, Dyspepsia,
Liver and Kidney Troubles and All
Special Blood and Nervous Diseases.
Mr. H. Zander, who lives on Bellevue
terrace, Los Angeles, has this to say of
Munyon's Remedies: "I have been a great
sufferer from rheumatism. It affected me
in various parts of the body. The pain at
times was excruciating. I have tried
almost every known remedy and have paid
large sums of money to doctors with but
little or no benefit. Hearing of some of
the remarkable cures made by the Munyon
remedies I purchased a 25-cent vial of the
rheumatism cure, and, much to my grati-
fication, I was completely relieved before
half the bottle had disappeared, and I con-
sider myself entirely cured. I can heartily
recommend your remedies."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the
symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such as
depressed spirits, failure of memory, rest-
less and sleepless nights, pains in the
head and dizziness. It stimulates and
strengthens the nerves, and is a wonderful
tonic. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's .Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
and alt liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
boon to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
utes and cure in live days. Price, 50c each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies .never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price $1.
_, Muny oil's Remedies at all druggists,
mostly 25c a vial.
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "Guide to Health," a valu-
able little medical publication that should
be in every home.
Personal letters to Prof. Munvon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia. Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
R A 7 A A D £
DA£AAi\
Agents for
ffKlStic^ TR U53 FRAME
SPECIAL Bit BUI!
AMERICANIZED
ENCYCLOPAEDIA
BRITANNICA,
Revised and amended, 96 colored maps and nil*
merous illustrations. A dictionary of Art, Sciences
and .Literature. 6902 pages of clear type on tine
pap r.
10 VOLUMES CLOTH,
Price 95.00 per set: worth $20.
10 VOLUMES BHEJJP,
Trice 8*8.50 per set; worth $25.
5000 Titles Sheet Music - - 5c
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AM) .ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 Folsom Street, anil 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Beule.
I have on hand a large quantity of S V Oa_,
light Co 'a an.i radfilo Oh Improvement
Coke, which lam selling at » very low rat". ThU
Family u U se * orUra - lli8 ' * urtt! '^- Laundry and
lam faiso a direct Importer of the best English
and Belgian brands of, Patent Coke which I am
offering at reduced rates to Foundries Browerle?
n lo lHoTt P on i r "* tUe " M « A" »
J&SSSI" 01 *"*- orders deti — '
Will guarantee satisfaction, a* I know what
busing frOm aD ex " l ' rmI ' n M « yeaTln ?he
Office 813 Folsom Street. >REV, DR. BROWN
IS REANOINTED
Dr. McLean Defends the
Pastor and Excoriates
the Press.
MRS. COOPER'S POSITION.
Resolutions Exonerating the
Clergyman Presented, but
Not Adopted.
■
TO CONTINUE PASTORAL WORK.
>
Grand Rally of the Brownites at the
Prayer Meeting—Femi
nine Hysterics.
Dr. Brown has Deen rehabilitated. It is
possible that the newly anointed gar
ment in which he is clad will prove to be
of even a imore fleeting character than
MRS. SARAH B. COOPER DEMANDING AN EXPLANATION OF THE MATTIE OVERMAN LETTERS, WHILE DR. BROWN
AND DEACON DEXTER LISTEN. HER REMARKS CALLED FORTH HISSES FROM THE AUDIENCE.
[Sketched in the church last evening by a "Call" artist.]
most earthly joys, yet he wore it with
pride and there were many hands to help
him don it last evening.
The Sunday-school room of the First
Congregational Church was crowded like
a playhouse at a free performance. Parents
brought their children, who found the pro
ceedings of ereatest interest.
The oiiicers and trustees of the church
and members of the Bay Association were
present to lea-rn what disposition would be
made of their reports. Dr. Brown was in
his place, looking no whit worse for the
ordeal of the past month. He presided
during the prayer- meet ing proper, which
was of the stereotyped form. There was
no special relevancy in the reading nor in
the prayers nor hymns. Deacons Barnard
and Dexter invoked divine help in all good
;;nJertakings whatsoever. Dr. McLean
made some commentaries upon the scrip
tural passage read.
The audience grew restive under the
prescribed form of procedure, but settled
back into a comfortable and attentive at
titude when Dr. Brown stated that he !
would resign the chair in favor of Deacon
Dexter while reports were niade by repre- |
-entatives of the joint committee from the ;
Bay Association and standing committee
of the church. This report was presented
by Dr. McLean, who prefaced it by a criti
cism of what he regarded a3 the hostile
Ettitude of ihe press shown in its dealing ;
with Dr. Brown's case. The Brown con- |
tingent applauded at this point.
Deacon Barnard read the report of the
officers and trustees of the church. Dr. i
Brown followed with a statement of how '
much he desired to present ijjeontrovert- I
ible proof of his innocence and how rigor
ous his attorneys were.
All was going smoothly until Mrs.
Cooper sought permission to speak. This
was obtained atter some difficulty, for Dr.
Brown demanded why she hud not com
municated with him before censuring him
in the pre-s. She replied that she had j
written him, but had received no reply.
Her pastor denied having received her
iettei.
Mrs. Cooper was permitted to make her j
statement, which she did simply and
forcibly. Bin had believed Dr. Brown in- i
nocent, she said, until Miss Overman's j
letters were published. These, she said, j
corresponded so perfectly with letters re- j
ceived from Miss Overman by her that she j
waa forced to believe the evidence of his
guilt conclusive. She would be alad to be
corrected if dM were wrong. Dr. Brown
a-ked her to call at 11 A. m. to-day and
proof would be furnished. She promptly
accepted the invitation.
Mrs. Dr. Rogers rose at this juncture to
say :
"We are with you, Dr. Brown.''
C. P. Wolcott made a rousing address,
In which there was much about Dr.
Browns service in the army, but was
ostensibly a plea for the postponement of
action on the resolutions until the church
might vote on it without interruption j
from outsiders.
"That would be the course followed in
other secret societies, " he declared.
Deacon Barnard's motion, seconded by
C. G. Nagel, that the resolutions be
aaopted at once, was not put because of
Comrade Wolcctt's objection, and action
will be taken upon thtm at the next meet
ing.
Dr. Brown declared bis intention to fill
the pulpit of the First Church until he
was deprived of the right to do so. This
was in answer to Deacon Brown's aues
tion, "Will the pastor rill the pulpit dur
ing the interim?"
There was handshaking in plenty at the
close of the meeting. Dr. Brown and Mrs.
CooDer divided honors pretty equally in
that retrard. The feminine contingent of
Dr. Brown's sympathizers wns divided be
tween smiles and tears. "I worship the
ground ne walks on," asserted one of the
fold. "Who can look at that face and say
he is guilty?"
It was whispered about that Mrs. Stock
ton was a witness of the evening's proceed
ings. "How horrid of her!" said one
woman. "The fool!" said another.
It was true. The winsome widow could
not restrain the curiosity inherited from
her grandmother, Eve, and was moved to
look in upon the meeting. She tripped
through the library and took a seat near
the door, looking on with a mischievous
expression. She left early.
Mrs. Cooper was the heroine of ths occa
sion. Tt was evident that she made her
protest with difficulty. She was pale and
her voice trembled, bat Dr. Brown's
frown did not deter her. "It nearly killed
me to do what I did, ri she said afterward,
"but I felt I must. It «eemed to me if I
did not discharge that duty some awful j
calamity would befall me. I considered
those letters, corresponding in all their
idiosyncrasies to those I had received at
nearly the same time, as irrefragable proof.
I do not see how they can be explained
away."
It'is no easy task for a gentlewoman to
endure an outburst of hisses such as
greeted her from one quarter when she
went upon the platform; but she only
grew a little paler, and said: "There is
but one animal that hisses."
Of all Dr. .Brown's antagonists a woman
was the one who raised her voice in
protest to the adoption of the resolutions
practically exonerating him.
It is noteworthy that no attempt was
made to control applause when it greeted
) the pastor, while ii was promptly sup
| pressed when Mrs. Cooper held the floor.
After Rev. Dr. J. J. McLean had made
J the last talk on the Bible lesson read by
j Dr. Brown the latter came to the front of
' the platform and said:
The joint committee appointed by this
I church and the Bay Association and the offi
j cers and trustees have certain reports to
I make to the church, and I will ask Deacon
Dexter to take the chair while this business is
being transacted.
Deacon Dexter promptly left his seat in
the rear of the packed room and pro
j ceeded to the platform. He then ex-
J plained the proceeding which had been
i tauen by the joint committee and the
1 officers and trustees of the church at their
< various meetings, adding that Rev. J. J.
! McLean would present a renort for the
[ consideration of the members of the
! church. Dr. McLean, in presenting the
! report, said :
1 would like to preface this matter by saying
| that I do not know why I should have 'been se
j leeted to come to the meeting and make this
! report. I came under my continued Hnd earn
| esc protest. But the voice of the general com- i
I mittee was so strong that I could not resist the
; call to be here. The officers of this church I am
i sure are perfectly competent to act in this
1 emergency.
The short resolutions that have been adopted
I by these bodies seem to need no explanation.
They are of no uncertain sound. Dear brethren,
' we hereby submit them. They sufficiently ex
plain themselves.
He then read the following preamble
and resolution, which was passed at the
meeting of the general committee on Mon
day night:
The committee, having canvassed the whole
subject, have come to the unanimous con
clusion that it is unwise to enter upon any ex
tended investigation as expressed in the fol
lowing statement:
This joint committee, consisting of the
standing committee of the First Congrega
tional Church and a special committee of the
Bay Association of Congregational Ministers,
submits to the public the following statement
bearing on the case of the Rev. C. 0. Brown,
P.D., against whom serious charges are cur
rent in the community.
The committee of the association desires to '
be understood that it is notintrnsted with any j
authority under the usages or according to tho
principles or the Congregational churches to
either convict or acquit or even to investigate.
This is the function of the local church, as
sisted at its own request by an ecclesiastical
council.
The standing committee of the church, while
recognizing the fact that it is its duty to take
the initiative in this as in all matters of church
discipline, yet asks the attention and the can
did consideration of the public to the follow- I
ing facts, and the committee of the association
indorses most earnestly this request.
First— That there are possible contingencies
in the processes of the Superior Court in which
our brother will be arraigned, as well as the
defendant, in view of which he Is forbidden by
the evident necessities of the ca^e ami by the
imperative interdicts of his counsel, from
making public those statements wbicli he con
fidently believes would remove the suspicions
now existing, and that we deem it inadvisable
for him to make any statements to us privately
which he is not allowed to make publicly.
Second— That we have found our brother
eager to welcome, and impatient to insist upon, I
the most thorough investigation of hisconduct.
And as toon as the impediments now existing
are removed by the conclusion of the legal trial,
he has assured us he will ask the church to
institute this investigation, assisted by an ec
clesiastical council duly convened; and,
Third— That in view of theso things, we pro
pose for ourselves and we ask of all others a
suspension of judgment in the case of Dr.
Brown, and we hereby express our confidence
in his integrity.
In speaking to the report Dr. McLean
said:
The Doint that I wish to call attention to is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1596.
the fact that Dr. Brown cannot make any
statement for the public without breaking
with his counsel, who have adviaed him not to
make any statement at all. I wish to state
that this has been the attitude of Dr. Brown
from the very first. He said that he was
anxious to make a full reply to all tne charges
brought against him. It was only with great
difficulty that he could refrain from doing so.
But hi has been compelled to silence by his
attorneys, who believe that any statement he
might make would be construed against him.
He suggested the appointment of the joint
committee himseif. He asked that the Bay
Association would appoint a committee to
whom he could make a statement in confi
dence—one that was to be withheld from the
public, not because he wanted to withhold it
but because he was compelled to withhold it.
He said that he felt assured that we all would
retain our confidence in him when we heard
liis statement, and we cheerfully assented.
We did this not from any sense of duty but
spontaneously.
Dr. McLean then denied that the joint
committee was one appointed to either
investigate the conduct of Dr. Brown
or to try him, and added that
the erroneous impression that existed
in the public mind on this point
made it apparent that the joint committee
would not be able to accomplish its true
purpose without being misconstrued. He
then continued:
The only thing left for us to do was to re
mand the ease to a council by the local cnurch.
Last Monday aiternoon after due consultation
with the members of the Bay Association we
proceeded to the house of Dr. Brown, he having
no previous knowledge of our visit, and told
him we thought it inexpedient to do anything
under the circumstances for the reason that it
would be misunderstood, and that far from
being able to keep anything private it was
lound that it was impossible to keep anything —
even what was thought to be must secret— from
the press.
Dr. Brown, when he learned the reason for
our decision, readily consented to have the
matter referred to a council. He was perfectly
willing to trust himself to the action of his
brethren, and asked us to take whatever
course we thought best. He said he was will
ing aud able to trust his character to God and
his brethren. Dr. Brown did not make the
suggestion to the committee to hare the mat
ter remanded to a council. He said further
that he would never consent to have this mat
ter rest until it had been fully investigated.
This report was drawn up at the meeting of I
Monday night and adopted unanimously.
At this point Dr. Brown, who was sitting
just back of the speaker, arose and ad
dressed him as follows : "Dr. McLean, may
I ask you to state the spirit of my message
to your committee on that matter that
night?"
To this request Dr. McLean responded as
follows :
As I came out of the office where the meet- '
ing was in progress Dr. Brown was sitting and
waiting for our action. 1 told him that the
report which had been adopted by the Bay
Association had been presented to the com
mittee, and 1 felt sure the whole matter could
be discussed witbont his presence. It was en
tirely amicable. I simply said we were going
to take tne course that had been determined
on that afternoon.
When Dr. McLean finished speaking the
pastor of the First Church arose and in
feeling tones, addressing Dr. McLean,
said: "I thank you for that."
Deacon Barnard, who has acted as sec
retary at all of the meetings of the com
mittees, then read the preamble and reso
lutions adopted at the meeting of the of
ficers and trustees of the church on Tues
day night, as follows:
At the meeting of the officers of the
church and the trustees of the First Con
gregational Society held January 28, 189(i,
the following preamble and resolution were
unanimously adopted:
Whereas, Certain intimations of immoral
conauct have been made against C. O. Brown,
D.D., by irresponsible persons and without any
proof as to their credibility, now be it
Jiesolvcd, That this body expresses full and
entire confidence in Rev. C. O. Brown's Integ
rity and good moral character, and will not
credit vague and damaging insinuations until
they are proved before a competent tribunal.
Chairman Dexter then said:
You have heard the reading of the findings
of your joint committee by Dr. McLean. I
could not say a word addliional if I tried.
Let us suspend judgment before we accuse, be
fore we take action.
I have been accused by some of my friends in
this matter. I am sorry that they have mis
judged me. The time will come when you will
be sorry for what you have said against me.
It is unchristian.
One of the most peculiar remarks has been
made— that we were going to whitewash some
body. Let me say that I am the last man in
the world, to whitewash any friend or any
enemy.
Let us wait at least before judging until the
result is known in the right and the legal way.
Dr. Brown here arose and returned his
thanks and gratitude to the members of
the joint committee and the officers of the
church who had passed the resolutions,
and apologized for the remarks which he
made concerning the press at the prayer
meeting two weeks ago, excusing his faux
pas by attributing his words to a nervous
and irritable frame of mind. He then
added :
Gladly I would open the whole record con
cerning the matter, but I recognize the fact
that I am fighting a battle for my brethren
throughout the country. It I should not fight
this there is not a minister in the whole
United States whose salary is known to be
large enough to make it worth their while,
who would not be made the victim of black
mailers.
He concluded by citing the case of the
Rev. Henry Ward'Beecher and the man
ner in which his congregation treated him
pending his trial, and said he felt his con
gregation held him in similar estimation.
His closing words elicited considerable ap
plause.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper arose and said she
wished to say a few words, but she was
summarily interrupted by Deacon Bar
nard, who moved the adoption of the re
port of the joint committee.
Charles G. Nagle seconded the motion.
Mr. Warren arose to make some re
marks, but got no further than: "I would
like to say a"— when Mrs. Cooper suc
ceeded in being recognized. She said:
I have felt anxious and pained over this mat
ter ever since it was made public and was loth
to believe there was any ground for such a
charge as has been made. lam Very glad to
see that our pastor is here to hear what I have
to say.
Hisses from various parts of the room
interrupted the speaker. Among those
who were most energetic in producing the
sibilant disapprobation of the lady was
Valentine, a son of Dr. Brown.
Deacon Dexter admonished the audience
to refrain from disturbing the meetinp,
and said he would not submit to such ex
hibitions. Mrs. Cooper then resumed:
If I am wrong in what I am about to say I
would esteem it a favor for any person in this
cnurch to get up and say lam mistaken. It is
simply a matter of conscience. 1 feel that what
I say is true. I must say it.
Dr. Brown broke in here and asked Mrs.
Cooper whether she was proceeding ac
cording to the prescribed rules of the
church. He declared he should have been
informed before she undertook to publicly
denounce him. She replied:
•'1 wrote you a letter informing you of
my purpose*."
To this Dr. Brown retorted by saying
that she should have called upon him
personally. She resumed, however, as
follows:
During the last few weeks I have been asked
many times what I thought about Dr. Brown
keeping his place in the pulpit, and I said I
thought he would not desire to do so, know
ing the sentiment in the church. I have also
been asked many questions by members of
the press.
I iong belonged to the press and I could not
very well refuse to answer some of these ques
tions. I have also had scores of letters ad
dressed to me, making inquiries regarding this
case, and the only reply I did make was, "Let
us wait and see what the end will be."
I had every confidence in the doctor despite
the evidence that had been developed, until I
saw the letters known as the Overmun letters
published in a paper. These letters were
similar in purport to some that I had received
from Miss Overman and related to her enter
ing the Golden Gcte Kindergarten.
Reference to my diary comirmed every fact
stated in these letters. Then there was pub
lished a statement that the ehirogr»phy in the
Overman letters had been oompared with the
known handwriting of Mibs Overman and
found to be identical.
The style of writing, the syntax and other
points corresponded exactly. I even went so
Jar as to employ an expert, who decided that
theso letter? published in the newspapers were
in the handwriting of Miss Overman.
Where we have not the full evidence we can
only judge from that portion which we have.
Can you wonder that I have wanted a satis
factory explanation of the Overman letters,
which have caused me unspeakable pain ever
since I knew of their existence?
Jn view of all these circumstances I think it
would be best for our pastor to refrain from
teaching until all these things are explained,
and for this (turniug to Dr. Brown), my pastor,
I fervently pray.
As soon as Mrs. Cooper had concluded
Dr. Brown came to the front of the plat
form and said:
I want to say that Mrs. Cooper rould have
had the explanation she desired if she hod
come to my house instead of making a public
statement. 1 will say further that she can
have it by coming to my house to-morrow or
at any time that suits her conTentoaoe.
The explanation Is absolute, absolute, and
in the estimation of any fair-minded person
would free me from ail blame in connection
with those letters.
Mrs. Cooper promptly accepted the offer,
and it was finally decided that she was to
call at Dr. Brown's house at 11 o'clock this
morning to receive his explanation and
which Dr. Brown asked her on her
"womanly word" to keep secret.
Cnarles G. Nagle arose and expressed
his confidence In the pastor.
Deacon Dexter then put the motion to
adopt the report, but a vote was prevented
by C. P. Wolcott, who demanded a roll
call.
There being no roll available Deacon
Dexter attempted to have the motion acted
upon by a viva voce vote, but before he
could carry out his purpose his attention
was called to a rule which provided thai
no resolution could be acted upon at the
same meeting at which it was presented if
there was any objection.
Mr. Wolcott having objected, it was
finally decided to have the matter come
up for action on next Wednesday evening.
In response to a question by W. H.
Brown, a member of the church, Dr.
Brown said:
I don't desire to avoid any question, and I
propose to attend to my pastoral duties till the
church which gave them to me deprives me of
them.
Supposed to lie Criminal Practice.
Mrs. Kate Gauch, 31 years of age, died at her
home, 013 Buchanan street, Tuesday evening.
It was thought at the time that her death was
due to blood poisoning, resulting from crim
inal practice, but her husband, Adam Gauch,
a storekeeper, had never been able to learn
from her whether or not she had been a victim
of illegal practice. Dr. F. H. Hund was called
to attend ncr a few days ago, aud he treated
her for blood poisoning. An autopsy was held
yesterday by Dr. Barrett and he pronounced
it a case of peritonitis.
In Ashanti and around the woods near
Kabba grows a tree resembling in appear
ance the English oak, which furnishes ex
cellent butter. This vegetable butter keeps
in perfect condition all the year round, in
6pite of the heat, and in its natural con
dition.
THE "STOP-OVER" CROWD
Evidence That the Plaintiffs Got
Together and Then
Talked.
TESTIMONY FOR THE RAILROAD
Progress of the Suit to Consolidate
the Ticket Contract
Cases.
The taking of testimony in the railroad
case against the stop-over suitors has com
menced before Juiige Sanderson.
The testimony of the witnesses was to the
effect that what was known as the "stop
over gang were frequently seen together
in earnest conversation, and further, that
they Dad agreed to take people in on the
scheme, and generally that they seemed
to be going into the stop-over business for
profit.
J. H. Bruns told how he had been told
by Poole, one of the defendants, that he
could come into the deal for $200; but it
was discovered by further evidence that
this offer was made after the present suit
had been commenced, and he was told
that money was needed lor the defense.
John T." Hail also testified. Hall had
once been a partner of Poole in the real
estate business. He said he had once
spoken to Poole about these stop-over suits
and Poole had told him he could make
more money in that way than in the real
estate business. The process of buying
the tickets and demanding the stop-over
privileges was explained by Poole to the
witness, and also how he himself kept
memoranda of the tickets he demanded.
Hall said be tried it once; he demanded a
stop-over ticket and was refused and he
made a memorandum of the occurrence,
but he had subsequently lost his memo
randum.
Albert Kamp, a policeman, used to see
the defendants, or some of them, assem
bled nearly every night in the week when
he was on his beat in the early part of the
evening. They used to meet in Poole's
office, but he could not tell what they
used to talk about. Poole's office, he said,
had quite a reputation, and to Mr. Cator's
questions he said the reputation it had
was as the headquarters for the "stop-over
gang." The case will continue to-day,
when more of the plaintiff's witnesses will
be examined.
CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB.
Officers Who Have Been Elected— The
Matter of Incorporation Settled.
The annual meeting and election of the
Corinthian Yacht Club was held last even
ing at 510 Bush street. The following
members were elected to office: J. W.
Tew, commodore; Carl Westerfeld, vice
commodor ; Alexander J. Young, secre
tary; Charles L. Barrett, treasurer; J. H.
Keefe, port captain; W. F. Stone, meas
urer; directors — C. K. McKee and John V.
O'Brien: regatta committee — W. A. Bar
lage, C. W. Platt and H. E. Pennel.
It was unanimously decided that the
club should incorporate and with that ob
ject in view papers will be signed to-day.
The by-laws of the club were altered so
as to suit the civil code of the State and
some improvements and amendments
were made and especially as to vessels of
certain dimensions.
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION
f r^<=Tp. j J till
r-S^- [lit
If ' H // /l n1
I^- 1^ — -
How many hours do you sleep during
the twenty-four?
Two hours, doctor.
Have yon been in the habit of retiring at
a regular hour previous to your sickness?
No, doctor.
Have you a disposition to sleep during
I the day?
No, doctor.
Do you feel restless and despondent?
Yes, doctor.
You say that you feel as though you
would never regain your ambition ? -
;•: Yes, doctor, I am blue.
Is insanity hereditary either on your
father or mother's side ?
No, doctor.
Do you take opiates now?
No, doctor.
Insomnia or. loss of sleep is always the
result of some abnormal condition of the
system in general. What is necessary in
your case is to put all the organs to work
actively, so that the blood will circulate
freely and not stagnate or remain in the
brain. Your nervous system needs atten-
tion. I will write you a prescription, and
when you ask your druggist for the remedy
take nothing else.
Yes, doctor.
• R. * For Mr. J. S. . :
JOY'S VEGETABLE
: ':;;:ucf:: . SARSAPARILLA :
• M. Big. - (one bottle) :
• . Two (2) teaspoonfuls three . (3) :
'; times a day. When bowels are regular :
: take one teaspoonful. :
:#
! .*.*."• • •
LOEWENTHAL'S"
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
HAS MOVED TKXIPORAKILY TO
No. 9 Stockton St.,
.'SEABMAUKIST.,-
TREMENDOUS SLAUGHTER SALE
n NOW GOING ON.
Amr'|^ DISEASES
ABSOLUTELY OlnlTreSEN T
I ' *ue limple applioation or " Swit.tb'b Onmrarr" without *
•nr Internal medicine, win cure any ease or Tester, Sail .
• Ringworm. Pile), ltch, Sort*. Pimple*.
Ac matter bow obgttuate or Ion? standing. So"* by drnzciila, -
er lent br mail for 50 eta. 3 Boze*. f l.a ' Addrois, Da.
. k So*, Pbiladilf &a, ?». jji / 9W djao^jt fut U» -
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
nl Inli. UIILLAK!
THE ENTIRE STOCK
: O3F" TXZS
New York Cloak and Suit House!
■ r '
TO-DAY we place on sale the entire stock of the New York
Cloak and Suit Mouse, formerly owned by ALBERT MULLER &
CO,, the fashionable suit and cloak makers, who are retiring from
the retail business and therefore closed out everything to us AT
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS ON THE DOLLAR OF ORIGINAL COST
OF MAKING.
This stock consists chiefly of TAILOR-MADE SUITS, JACK-
ETS and CAPES, and we purpose giving our patrons the full ben-
efit of the PRODIGIOUS DISCOUNT obtained by offering these
elegant garments at the following
Next to Nothing Prices!
LADIES' JACKETS.
At * 1 .00.
LADIES' JACKETS, double arid single breasted, medium and dark shades, plain and
mottled effects, worth $4, will be closed out at $1 each.
At 51.50.
LADIES' JACKETS, medium and three-quarter lengths, black, tan, navy and moittled
effects, worth $5 and $6, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
At ?a.50.
LADIES' SHORT AND MEDIUM LENGTH DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in
mottled effects and solid daijk colors, worth $6 50 and $7 50, will be closed out at
$2 50 each. : -V l^ ;i
At 43.50,
LADIES' SHORT DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in boucle. beaver and covert
cloths, in dark and medium shades, worth $8 50 and $10, will be closed out at $3 50
each.
At. sfe!rs 00.
LADIES' SHORT DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in boucle effects and medium
and dark shades of kersey, beaver and cheviot: also Three-quarter Length Double-
Breasted Jackets of cheviot, beaver and covert cloth ; worth $10 and $12 50, will be
closed out at $5 each.
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES.
At 1.00.
ODD LOT OF CAPES, in dark and medium shades, worth $4 and $5, will be closed
out at $1 each.
At &1 . SO.
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, in light and heavy weights, in dark and medium shades,
trimmed with braid, lace, etc., worth $5 and $6, will De closed out at $1 50 each.
. At 43.50.
LADIES' SHORT AND MEDIUM LENGTH SINGLE AND DOUBLE CAPES, in
navy, brown and tan, with applique and braid trimmings, worth $6 50 and $7 50,
will be closed out at $2 50 each. ' ■■* : ;.?-
At 63.50.
LADIES' DOUBLE AND SINGLE CAPES, in plain and fancy cloths and velvets,
handsomely trimmed with silk, lace embroidery, jet, etc., worth $8 50 and $10, will
. be closed out at $3 50 each.
At *5.00.
LADIES' SINGLE AND DOUBLE CAPES, in fancy cloths, also plain cloths in
i; shades of tan, with trimmings of thibet fur, braid, etc., worth $10 and $12 50. will
be closed o ut at $5 each.
LADIES' WRAPS.
At * 1.00.
275 WRAPS, with long tabs, suitable for elderly ladies, elaborately braided embroid-
ered, and others trimmed with fringe, worth $10, $12 50, $15, $20 and $25, will be
closed out at $1 a each.
LADIES' SUITS.
At 95 1. 50.
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, suitable for tramping, in light and dark shades neatly
finished, worth $5 and $6, will be closed out at $1 50 each. '
At $5.50.
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, in gray as well as tan mixtures, in light effects, also dark
colors and mottled goods, worth $6 50 and $7 50, will be closed out at $2 50 each.
At «£3. SO.
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, in dark shades, with double-breasted jackets, also light
and medium shades with tight-fitting ripple jacket, worth $7 50 and $8 50, will be
closed out at $3 50 each. ,
CHILDREN'S JACKETS.
At S3 1.00.
CHILDREN'S DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in medium and dark shades, worth
$3 and $4, will be closed out at $1 each.
At %xv 1 . 50.
CHILDREN'S DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, of checks, mottled effects navy
and scarlet, solid colors, worth $5 and $6, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
LADIES' SILK AND WOOL WAISTS.
At $5.50.
25 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, in fancy stripes and figured silks, made in the latest
styles, regular price $5 50 and $6, will be closed out at $2 50 each.
At 41.0 Q.
10 dozen LADIES' WOOL WAISTS, made of fancy checks and plaids, made in the
latest style, regular price $3 50, will be closed out at $1 each.
g— GREAT SPECIALS M DBEJI«LS--2
At SO Cents,
120 pieces 40-INCH ALL-WOOL AND SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY
COLORED DRESS GOODS, extra value for 75c, $1 and $1-25, will be closed out at
50c a yard.
At 85 Cents. *-:.;
25 pieces 58-INCH . EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL BLACK ENGLISH STORM
. SERGE, reduced from $1 50 to 85c a yard.
DAMAGED BY WATER!
Balance of Fine BLANKETS, TURKISH TOWELS,
CANTON FLANNELS, Etc., damaged in our
basement, to be cleared out at once.
1 I, 1 , ,
/BfgP&^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/Mi Street, corner of Jones, /
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat futures up again.
Barley and Oauiuiet.
Yellow Corn higher.
Rye very riria.
Bran advanced 50c.
Hay unchanged. Beans dull.
Liberal shipment of Flour to China.
Onions lower.
Dairy Butter weaker.
Egcs continue weak.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Oiune doing better.
All kinds of Fruit dull.
Prov s'.ons unchanged.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Umxm Statks Department of AGBictrrr
Tikk, Weather Bi-rkat:, San' Francisco, Jan
uary 29, 1896, 5 p. it.— Weather conditions and
gen oral forecast:
Th« following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same dale last sea
son: Eureka 23.61, last season 28.73: Red Bluff
13.67, last seasan 22.37; San Fraucisco VJ.24. last
f>e.iso:i ]9.oii; Fresno 4.09. last season 9.6-; San
Luis Obiapo 12.25, last season 20.64: Los Angeles
r<P!. list season 11.22: San Diego 2.80. last season
9.04 : Yuma .46, last season 2 99.
Sun Francisco dota— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 47. mean b'2.
Rainfall for the past 24 hours, none.
An area of low pressure overlies Arizona to
night, and rain is falling over that Territory and
probably over New Mexico. A light rain has fallen
at Seattle, Fort Canby, Roseburg, and it is snow
ing at Havre and Bismarck, but with these excep
tions the weather has been clear over the Pacific
Slope and plateau region. The pressure has risen
over Washington ami Oregon, ana is now rising
over Montana and Wyoming. The temperature
has remained stationary along the Pacific Slope.
It has fallen more than 12 degrees during the past
24 hours over Arizona and Southeastern Utah.
The barometer has fallen nightly during the past
two hours at Eureka, but there are no evidences
yet of a storm on the Pacific. The river at Folsom
is 10 feet, at Oroville 10.9, a: Marysville 13.6, at
Red Bluff 15.5. at Colusa 26.3, at Sacramento
26.6. A high northerly wind is blowing at Sacra
mento, and will cause the river to rise some inches
higher and possibly wash the levees. The tribu
taries will fall. Colder weather is probable Thurs
day in southern California and Arizona.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January 30, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, with in
creasing cloudiness and possible showers Thursday
night in extreme northwestern portion; southwest
exl» winds.
Southern California— Thursday, except in
extreme southeastern portion, where showers may
occur: colder Thursday, and in southeastern por
tion Thursday night; fresh northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; colder In southern por
tion.
IJtah— Fair Thursday; colder.
Arizona — Kain Thursday : colder.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh northwesterly winds.
A. McAdie, Local Forecast Official.
NEW \OKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 29.— American Sugar
was the feature of the market at the Stock Ex
«hange to-day, the stock figuring for nearly 43.000
shares in a grand total of 223.500. Sugar rose to
1081 a from 1053^ and closed at 1081 s- No expla
nation was forthcoming to account for the recent
steady improvement in the stock. It is known,
however, that brokers having the confidence of in
siders have been picking up the stock for tlio past
two weeks. Ihe strength of the stock had a favor
able effect on the general list, which was Inclined
parly In tht- day because of foreign selling of
St. Paul, Louisville and Nashville an.l other stocks
with the international market.
The anthracite coalers displayed great strength
during the early session on the revival of the ru
mors that the sub-committee of the presidents ap
pointed at the recent meeting of the companies
Lad reached an agreement as to percentages which
will meet the approval of the controlling inter
ests. It is said that the Reading and Ontario and
Western axe especially favored in the new allot
ments.
The trunk lines, Grangers, Western Union,
Northern Pacific and Manhattan opened irregular,
and in the main weak, but later Improved. Man
hattan, Burlington and Quincy had better support
than of late and sold higher than for some time.
Chicago Gas dropped to 6514 from 665 8 on rumors
from Chicago that Attorney-General Moloney bad !
decided against the reorganization committee In I
the matter of consolidation. In the last hour the 1
market was strong under the leadership of sugar.
Speculation closed strong with prices anywhere
from 14 to 2 per cent higher than at the close on
Tuesday.
Bonds were strong. The sales footed up $1,621.
--000. Northern Pacific twos rose 2% to 104 V-, do
threes 1 to 70. do consol fives 114 to 363,4, Chicago
and Northern Pacific fives ls.s to 40y 8 , Chicago
and Erie incomes 4% to 28, 'Kansas and Texas
sixes 2 to 80. Kansas Pacific fours 3 to 71, Louis
ville and Nashville consol sevens i: ! 4 to 107%, st.
Paul. Chicago and Missouri River fives 1% to
106%, and Toledo, St. Louis and Kansas City
sixes certificates 1 to 73.
In Government bonds $2000 registered fours of
1907 brought 108, and $11,000 fours coupon of
1907, ivy 3 . .
Grain.
FLOUR— Firm: quiet. Winter wheat, low
jtrnaes. $_ 30(22 80; do fair to fancy. $2 80@3 50:
do patents, $3 70@4: Minnesota clear, f2 6O@
3 25; do straights, $3@3 7O; do patents. $3 20©
4 20: low extras. $2 8002 80; city Mrlls, *4<g>
4 20: do patents. S4 25@4 50. Rye mixture,
$2 40@3 20; superfine. $2 loi&'i 65: tine, $2@_ 40.
IHJUTriern flour— Quiet, hrm: common to fair extra,
82 3002 90; good to choice do. ?3@3 20. Rye
flour— Firm, quiet, $2 40@2- 90. Buckwheat
flour, $1 25.
WHEAT— 4Oc elevator; 41c delivered.
CORNMEAL— Quiet: yellow Western, *2 25®
2 30: Brandywine, $2 55.
- RYE— Nominal._ No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, i»7c.
BARLEY— Nominal.
R.iRLEY MALl— Nominal.
WHEAT— DuII, firmer. No. 2 red, store and ele
vator, 76i. 2 ' afloat, ' i'Bc; 1.0. b.. 76y2@78%c;
ungraded red, 68©79 c: No. 1 northern. 7414 c.
Options declined i,±<- on easier cables and local
realizing; advanced l@ls/ 8 c with the West and
free local covering, closed at lc yesterday with
a fairly active trade. May and July most active.
No. 2, red, January, 72% c; March /2 c; May,
71% c; June and July, 71c.
! CORN— DuII, easier: No. 2, 8614 c elevator:
3714 c afloat. Options were moderately active, firm
at i/ie advance. May most active. January,
February and March. 36% c; July, 373
OATS— Quiet, firm. Options dull, firmer.
January and February, 24-» 4 c; May, 26% c.
Spot prices: No. 2, 25c; No. 2 white. 2634 c:
No. 2 Chicago. 26c: No. 3, 233/ B <ii24c:
No. 3 white, 25c: mixed Western, -Ofe.tic;
white. State and Western, 26@28c.
FEEP BKAN— 6O@62%c.
MIDDLINGS— 65(&70c.
RYE FEED-65(§,70c.
Provisions.
BEEF— Quiet firm: family, $10 50@ll. Beef
hams, quiet, $15 60. Tierced beef, dull; city
extra India mers. $15 M1(§,17: cut, meats, quiet;
pickled bellies, 12 lbs, ii 1^"'; do shoulders, 5y 2 c.
LARD- : closed firm; Western steam, s6:
city. $5 45ca.5 BO; January, 85 95; refined, dull;
Continent, $6 25; South America, $6 50; com
pound, ?4 75(g55 1
l'OßK— Quiet: mess, $10 751§11.
BUTTKR— Fane.-, steady, f<-ir demand; State
dairy, 10@19c; do creamery, 14@19c: Western,
creamery, 15@21c; do June. 14@19c: do factory,
9@lsc: Elsius, -Me: imitation creamery, 13@17c;
rolls, 9Ca.l 4c.
CHEESE— FairIy active; firm. State, large, 714
©10c; do fancy, 10@14c; do small, 7%@10c; part
skims. 3i/i@7c
EGX.S— .Lower: liberal supply: State and l'enn
•ylvaaia. 15i,2®16c: Southern, 14@16c; • ice
house, li.'@l3i/2C: per case, $'^;i2 75; Western,
fresh, 14V2@15c; limed. 13c.
TAJ.LOW —Steady: City. 31 3-16@31%c; coun
try. 4«4i/ s c. I°
.UNSEED OIL— Quiet, steady; Crude,
a*i. 2 c: yellow, prime. 28^c: do off grades. 27y 3 c.
lii-.siN— Qutet: common to good, Si (50'qil 6b.
TURPEXTINK— steady; 30i/2@3lc
POTATOES— Quiet. <-asy: bweets, ?i:Vq,4.
RICE— Firm; domtbtic, fair to extra. 3@53,4c;
Japan, 33 4 'i4r. .... - '
Mul.A.vhs- Firm; New Orleans opep kettle,
good to ice, 27@37c.
( <>t r'Kh- Busy: ,lan:i»ry 2B points down: o'hers
unchanged to 5 points down: February, $12 60;
March, $13 46813 00: May, $11 90tol2 05;'JuDe,
$11 70; July, ifll SO^ajll 60: September. $10 90@
11 10; December. $HI 80& 10 95. Spot-Rio, dulL
went; No. 7. 13Vgc.
SUUAR— Raw. firm; fair demand: fair refining,
3Vic; centrilugrals, 96 test, 3%c. Refined, quiet,
linn. No. 6. 4 15-16c;-No. 7. 4 7-16.-: No. 8, 4V4c;
No. 9. 4 3-16: No. 10, 4Vgc; No. 11. 4c: No. 12.
3 316 c; No. 13. 3" c: oft A, 4y 2 @5/ 8 c; mold A,
6 3-ltic; standard A, 4 15-16 c; i.onieciioners' A,
4 1316 c: cut loaf, 6 916 c; crushed, 5 »-16 c:
powdered, 6 3-16 c: grauulated, 4 15-16 c: cubes
6 3-lßc. ,
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRO ITS— Apricots,, bags, 9*/«@
PEACHES— PeeIed, 10y 4 c; do nnpeeled, 4%@
6 1 '2 r .
PRUNES— Four sizes, 51.4 c.
RAISINS— Loose Muscatel 3-crown, 3Vi@3%c:
do 4-crown. 4y 2 @sc: London layers, B.vd9sc
do clusters. $1 ii:)4«14O. " &
ALMONDS— Paper-shell, ll%c; Co toft-shell,
WALNUTS— Standard, 6%@7c: co soft-shell
6V 2 (aloc.
HOPS — Easy. State ' common to choice, 3
@9c; Pacific Coast, 3%@9c. London market un
changed.
WOOL— Firm: fair demand. Domestic fleece
16(g|22c; pulled, 15@34c; Texas, 9@l3c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet; American, $11 75@13 50.
COPPER— j-irm; Lake. »10T4il0 25.
LEAD— Steady: domestic, $3 05.
TIN — Firmer; Straits, «13 25@13 30; plates,
quiet.
SFELTER-Noininal; domestic, 84.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 1n.., Jan. 29— The selling of wheat
this morning proved more powerful . than the de
mand. It wes scattered, but of liberal proportions
In the aggregate, and the general opinion leaned to
the theory that Armour was still disposing of more
of his property. The Tlioman crop report was out
to-day. It gave the condition of winter wheat as
79.2, against 82.6 last month. The figures were in
the hands of a few people early, but did not become
public news until about th- mid-.ile of the session.
Liverpool stocks for the month showed a falling
oft' of 1,200.000 bushels. Liverpool cables were \
easy and i/id lower. Receipts In the Northwest
were 441 cars, against 265 last Wednesday and ,
227 a year ago. Chicago received 67 cars and in
spected out 44,976 bushels. Reports of export,
sales of from 30 to 40 loads at . the seaboard
changed the course of the market and a complete
recovery followed and an additional gain occurred.
Export sale? at Atlantic ports amounted to 258,
--794 bnshels. Paris closing cables were lower for
wheat and unchanged for flour. Berlin and Ant
werp were unchanged. May wheat opened from
63' ' a c to 633/ B e, sold between 6S@tS3VB9 and 64%
©tssc, closing at 64y 2 .'ri;6is.4»c, I@lVsC higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 70
cars.
CORN— Eased away further this morning. The
receipts were larger than expected, 267 cars arriv
ing. Liverpool cables were quiet and unchanged.
The principal reason for the weakness was the de
clining tendency of wheat. . Trading was not brisk,
only occasional spasms of moderate activity being
noted. Withdrawals from store were liberal at
263,977 bushels. Prices rallied with those of wheat
later in the session. Export clearances were 298,
--743 bushels. May corn opened at 29 3 /4 c, sold be
tween 29V->@295/ g c and 301.4 c closing at SOygC,
3 4 ',is a c higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 310 cars.
OATS— Slipped away a few notches through the
popular feeling of weakness this morning. 'Re
ceipts were 164 cars. There were no withdrawals
from store. Later there was a better feeling and
an Improvement In values. May oats closed i,4@
%c higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts lor
to-morrow 180 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 93c: March, 93c;
May, 96(a'963. 4 c. Receipts 26 cars.
PROVISIONS— The receipts of hogs seemed to
have picket! up very suddenly this morning, the
run being about 7000 in excess of the estimate.
Prices were unable to withstand the oversupply,
and the product found weakness in that fact. The
strength of wheat in the latter part of the session
assisted the product, prices recovering almost all of
the early loss, and closing with but 7y 2 c decline
from yesterday on May pork, 5c on May lard, and 1
a shade on May ribs. Stocks of provisions in j
Chicago as estimated by George W. Phillips Jr. 1
are: PorK, 125,000 barrels: lard, 65,000 tierces,
and ribs 20,000,000 pounds.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— 62c; May, 64y 2 @64%c:
July, 64f., s 1 j
CORN— January, 28c; May, 30i/ 8 c; July,
311/gC.
OATS— January. 18% c; May, 21V 8 c; July,
2is/ g c.
PORK-January, 810 32%: May, $10 621,5,;
July, $10 80.
LARD— January, $5 70; May, $5 90: July,
$6 05.
RlßS— January, $3 12%; May, $5 37%; July,
S5 50.
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6@7
per cent on time loans. New Yor*. exchange sold at
"5c premium.
Livestock. r. -'. ■
UNION STOCKYARDS, li,r_, Jan. 29.—
supply of cattle to-day was light, 'out the demand
was slow and prices were easy. The run of hogs j
was large. Buyers held back and succeeded in
forcing a decline of 5@10; per hundred pounds.
Sheep were in liberal supply and as the demand
was not brisk prices declined' We. ■■x-i '':
CATTLE — Receipts. 16,000. Fancy beeves.
$4 70@4 76: choice to crime 1303 to 1700 pound i
steers, $3 15@4 20: fair to choice steers, 1200 to '
1500 rounds, $3 75@4 20: common to medium
steers, 950 to 1250 pounds, $3 20&3 70: cows
and heifers, extra, $3 50<a3 75: calves, common
to good. $2 75@4 75: Texas fed steers, $3 10@S 90; '
other prices unchunaed.
HOGS— Receipts. 33,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $4 lo@4 30; common to choice
mixed, ?4@4 30; choice assorted, $4 20@4 25;
light. $3 9504 30: Digs. $3 25@4 20.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 40®3 70; lambs, $3 30@4 75.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at S@4%: last loan at 4%
and closing offered at 4%. Prime mercantile
paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 671/BC. Mexican dol
lars. 5:-"3 B e. - Sterling exchange Is steady, with
actual business In Dancers bills at $4 87@4 87%
for sixty days and *4 88i4@4 8Sy 2 for demand.
Posted *ratp«, $4 87%@4 89. Commercial bills,
84 86i4(0i4 87." Government bonds have been
easier: State bonds have been firmer; railroad
bonds have been higher. Silver at the board was
quiet.
CtOSINd STOCKS.
Am Tel* Cable.... 95 [Norfolk & Wes'-... 2y 8
Atchison l&W Preferred. 7y 3
Preferred "... 231 A North American... 61/4
Adams Jixpress...l47 i Northern Pacitic.. 4
j Alton, I'erre Haute. 57 ■ Preferred I' 1 ;
American Express.lll Nortnwestern. 100 i. 4 j
i American Tobacco. ■ 78 I .'s: Preferred 1443 /4 j
Preferred 101 N. Y. Central 98
Bay State Gas 20 N. Y. Ch!cago<fcS.L 13 % '
Baltimore Ohio.. 43 j • Ist preferred..... 79
Brunswick Lands.. % Jtd preferred '^^'A
Buffalo, ROCh &P. 12 N. Y.& N. H. ...... 182
Canada Pacific.... 553,4 N. Y. & New Eng. 50
Canada Southern.. 493 /8 n. Y. Susq & W... loy 8 !
Canton Land 60%! Preferred. 30
Central Pacific. ... loi, 4 Ontario 10% 1
Ches. <* Ohio 15% Ontario Western. 15V3
Chicago Alton 154 Oregon lmprovmt. 3
■ Preferred... 170 [Preferred. 15
Chicago, is. & Q. ... 776/8 Oregon Navigation.
Chicago E. 111... 43 Oregon Short Line. 6%
Preferred 96 Pacific Mull 275/ 8
Cblcagouas 645/fc Peona, D.Jt Evans. 3f/i I
Cleve & Pitlsburg.lsß Prttsburg & W pfd. 20
Consolidation Coal. 30 Pullman Palace... 152
I Consolidated Gas.. 154 Quicksilver. 1%
I C. C.C. & St. Louis. 3534 Preferred 1 5 2 !
Preferred 88 Reeaing 13y 4
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 28 ißioGrande&Westa 14
Preferred HO I Preferred 39
Cotton Oil Cert..;. 17% Bock Island 6814 j
Commercial Cable. 155 iHomeWst &O£denlls% 1
Del. Hudson 128 St. L. &S. W 4« /t :
Del.Lack&Westernlß2t/i! Preferred liy 4
L!enver<tß.li 2 gt.Paui 7134
Preferred 45V4' Preferred 1363, i
Distillers 165/ Bt. Paul <fc Dulutb, 22
General Electric... 27 < Preferred 85
Erie It>y B et. Paul <& Omaha- 37i/
Preferred 2JV.I Preferred 121
Fort Wayne 158 * St. P. M. <fc M 109
GreatNorthernpta.no 'Silver Certincat.... 671/2 !
Green .Bay y 2 Southern Pacific. 20%
I Harlem 280 iSoutnern K. X...— 93/ I
Hocking Coal 2 I Preferred ..... 28%
Hocking Valley... l'S/i'fcugar Refinery.... loß
Homestake. ....... 28 ; preferred 99y 2 !
H. & Texas Cent-. 1% Ter m. Coal & Iron. 2 8 1*4
Illinois Central.... 97 preferred 100
lowa Central 8% Texas Pacific 7%
Preferred 31 |T01.A.A.& N.Jiich.
Kansas <£ Texas. ■ iIS/iiiol. & Ohio Cen.... 30
Preferred 263 ,'a Preferred 65
Kingston* Pern... 3 ,1 ol.St. Louis &K.G. 6
Lake Erie A Westn 21.V 8 Preferred 14
Preferred 523, 4 Union Pacific 6%
Ljuie Shore 144 < U. P.. Den. <fc Oult 4V
Rational Lead 2614! (j .8. Cordage ...... sy>
Preferred...; 85%| Preferred 10%
I -one Island 811/2' Guaranteed 21
Louisville <fe Nash. 453,^ ;l'. S. Express 39
Louisville JN'a&Ch. 914 U. S. Leather 9%
Preferred 201/4 I Preferred.... 633/ i
Manhattan Consol.inr> l U. S. Rubber. . . 26'}. a
Mrmpnis A Charts. 15 | Preferred HH
Mexican Central... 9U>L'tlca&B. River. .lso
Michigan Central.. 93 Vi Wab. S. L. & Pac.. 7y 8
illnndts. i, — ' 1 Preferred 17
Preferred — iWells-Fargo 93
Minn. <fc St. Lcom. 193,4 Western Union.... 84i/ 8
Ist preferred . 7K is Central 21/2
2d prof erred...... Wheeling <t L. £!.. 12
Missouri Pacific.. 2>y Preferred 38y 3
Mobile <fc 0hi0..... 23 V* Am Cotton Oil pfd. «»5
Nashville Chatt.... 65 W V Beet 7%
National Linseed.. 18 L 1 Traction.. 2iy«
N. J. Central 101 Ann Arbor /3
rifixa imrai
C S 4p, reg iO7y 2 11 X T2ds ...... . 60x/-
Do, 4s coupon... 1081/.,; Do, 4s 83i/o
V 45newreg.....113 " Mutual Union 65... 115
Do, 4s coupon... 115 1,4 N J Cent Gen 65.. 115
Do. 2s 96 Northern Pao lsts.lls
. Do, 65... 11l Do, 2<15...... 104 i/ 2
• Do. 5s couDon... .11H Do, 3Cs. 70
Cherokee 4s. 18915.100 Nonnwest ConVoVil4l
Do. 1897...... 100 Do, deb 55........ 107
D 0.1898 100 OR&Nlsts. 10S
D 0.1899 HO SiL&lronMtGen 5s £0
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... ;St L <t S F Gen 6s. 1 02
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 St Paul Consols ...133
Ala Class A 4 108 St. P. C. &Fa lsts.ll2V»
Do. Class 84, ss. 11.8 ] Do. Pac Cal ists..lO9
LaC0n50143........ 97 1/1 Southern R. R. 53 90Vh
Missouri funding.. Texas Pacific firsts 86
N Carolina con 65.. 121) Texas Pac seconds. 21 y,
Do, is 102 UnlonPac lstof 96.102
Fo Carolina 4y 5...10i>% West Shore 4«. ...104%
Tennnewss S6 ■ 'Mobile <t Ohio 45.. 66
I Va funding debt... 60% H GranaeWest lsts 75
Do. Reg Ches.«fcOss 107
Do, deferred 65... 5% ! Atchlson 45........ 74-Vg
Do. 11113: rcpts st 5i/ 2 j Do. 2ds A......... -233/g
Canada south 2d5..J04 GH<tSA6s.. 105
Cen Pac lsts of '95 111) Do. 2d 7s. . " lPli
Den&RGlst 112 H & Tex Cent6s..lOS
vH o '™* «83/ 4 l Do. con 65........ 100
trie 2d5... ...... ...73 1 Reading 7sy 2
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri bit...,,,,. 100
Pa lsts Den divJ 06 I "
FOREIGN MARKETS,
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL,
LIVERPOOL, End., Jan. 29.— The spot market
Is quiet at 6s sy 3 d@ss 9d. Cargoes are easier at
28s iy 3 d October. -
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 5s 7d: February. 5s 7d; March, 6s 7y 2 d: Aoril
63 7y 2 d; May, 5a 7y 2 d. Va ' * '
BKCtIBJTIES.
LONDON, E>a.,: Jan. 29.— Consols, 107 15-16
silver, 30% d; French Rentes, 102f 12% c.
■- / ______
EXCHANGE AND BULXION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. ....... — $4 87
si<-r,iiiK' Exchange, sight — 4 89
sterling Cables ...:........ .."*.— 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, jounce.... — 67%
Mexican D011ar5. ............ ........ 53% 64
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was a pronounced recovery in
futures yesterday, owing to a similar improvement
at Chicago. Spot Wheat was also firm,* but quota
tions showed rather a wider range." No. 1, • $1 10
@1 12% %4 ctl; choice. $1 l'S*A: lower grades,
tfl®! O7y 2 ; extra choice for muling, $1 22y_@
1 —7%."- - -■:. . . .:• ~ ■■■-.•--. *..
;. r CAT.I, BOABDSAI.ES.
IsrnititAi, SKBRION-— lO o'clock — May— looo
tons, SI 15%; 100, $1 153/ 8 ; 200, $1 151/*: 1200,
$1 15%; 500, ?1 15. December— lloo, SI 16y a ;
2200,81 16*4: 200. 163/ 3 . A \.
Rkgulab MoENtNQ Bessiox— -toy— 2oo tons,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
$1 15%; 100, 81 183/ 8 ; U 100, $1 15V*; 600.
$1 4%; 300. $1 15; 100, $1 16y 8 . December—
1200, $1 16%: 100, *1 16. -
Aftebnoon- Session — December — 800 tons,
$1 16%; 600, $1 163,4. May— 2oo, 81 15; 800,
$i 15 Vs: 100, $1 15%.
BARLEY'— Previous prices rule. Feed, C7Va@
70c; choice, 7iy_c; Brewing, 75@82 1 / < 8 c ctl.
CALL HOARD I. IS. ■
INFORMAL SESSION— IO O'clock — No Sale*.
Tlegulab Mobnins Skssion— May— 3oo tons,
693 /4 c; 400, 69% c; 100, 70c.
Afternoon session— May— loo tons, 70c; 3CO,
70 Vie: 400. 70i, c.
OATS— Milling are quotable at 77i/ 2 @Bsc ■$
ctl: fancy Feed, 85@90c ■.$-«!; good to choice,
77%@85c; common to fair, 65@75c; Gray, 80@
85c; Red, for seed, Sl@l 10; Black, for seed, $1 10
@1 30: do for feed, 75@85c; Surprise, 95c@$l 05.
CORN — Yellows have advanced. White is un
changed and dull. Large Yellow quotable at 90fS)
92 V>c 3 ctl ; small Round do. 90@9_y-c; White,
82i/2©Bsc.
R¥E— Continues firm at 80@82%c ctl.
BUCKWUEAT-Nominal at 85c@$l $ cU, ac
cording to quality.
FLOUR AND MIIXSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 18,646 bbls.
This demand for China keeps up first-rate. ' Net
cash prices are: Family extras, $ 3 65@3 75 f* obi;
Bakers' extras, $3 65@3 65; superfine, $2 50@2 60
CORNMEAL. 1 ETC.— Feed Corn, $20: Cracked
Corn, 820 50 f* ton. ■
MI LLSTUFFS— Prices In 10- Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
!2%c; Bye Flour, 31,4 c; Rice Flour, 2 c; Corn
meal, 234@3c; extra -cream do, 3y.>c; oatmeal,
33/ic: Oat Groats, 4y c: Hominy, 4(te4i/ 4 c; Buck
wheat Flour, ,4c; Cracked Wheat, 3 %c: Farina,
4%c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Boiled Oats. 4y a c;
Pearl Barley, 41/3 C; Split Peas, 4.% c; Green do,
HAY AND FEEDSTCFFB.
BRAN— Is higher at $12 50@13 60 $ ton, Job
bing rates. . ■
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
f2O 50 %>, ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— KoIIed Barley, $16@17 -<P ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 <on; jobbing,
822 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, 521.
HA V — No further chance. Wheat is quotable at
?8@12; Oat. $8@10; Wheat and Oat. $7 60(iz>
11 ■$ ton; Barley, $7@9 50 & ton; Alfalfa, ?6<39;
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 60@ll; Stock, $6©
7 50 ton.
bTRAW-35@60c $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS;
BEANS- Bavos, $I@l 15 U ctl: 'Small Whites,
$1 25@1 60; Pea, $1 50@l 65: Large Whites,
$1 15@1 25: Pink. 90c@$l 15: Reds, $1 35@1 40:
Blackeye, $1 75@1 85; Red Kidney, SI 75@1 90;
Limas, 82 50@2 76; Butters, $1 60@l 70 *& ctl.
SEEDS— Brown .Mustard Is quotable at $1 96
@_ 05 ft ctl: Trieste, $-@2 V.O f, ctl: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40©l 60: Flax, *1 70&1 75; Canary, 3Vi
@3y 2 c ~& tb; Alfalfa 6y 2 @7c '& ib; Rape, 13/
te2c %* Ib; Hemp, 4c ~$ lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at SI 25@1 50 if» ctl for
Niles.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Merced Sweets, $2 25 $1 ctl. River
! Reds are held higher. Salinas Burbanks, 65@90c
I 9 ctl; Kiver Burbanks, 80@40c "$ sack: Oregon
• Burbanks, 60@70c: Oreeon Garnet Chiles, 60® 1
] 70c; Hiver Beds, 60@70c %i ctl.
ONlONS— Continue to decline. Quoted at 75@ !
j 90c %>. ctl; Cut Onions, 60@60c; Oregon, 75c@Sl Ob
for good to choice. . ■-
VEGETABLES — Peas are dragging badly.
Mushrooms are quotable at 3@l2y c V Ib, outside I
figure for choice Buttons; Dried Peppers, 6@loc j
V II.; Los Aneeles Tomatoes, 86c@Sl 25 f* box: j
Green Peas. 3@4c f) tt>; string Beans. ■; Dried I
Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, 40@50c V ctl; Garlic, 4@sc
%i Ib; Marrowfat Squash, it>ls(<s'.!o s* ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Dairy descriptions are weaker. No
change in Creamery.
Creamery— Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 28@26c
ib. " -.;.,;'
Dairy— Fancy, 23@25c: good to choice, 21@ :
22% c; lower grades, 18@20c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new is quotable:at 11%@ j
12c: common to good, 8%@10c: Cream Cheddar, j
; ll@12c; Young America, Il'<vl2c; Western, ll(s» 1
LSc; Eastern, 12<g>13c %i lb.
EGGS— Though the demand Is better, stocks are j
ample for all current needs and the market con
tinues weak. Store Eggs, 14@16c; ranch Eggs, 15
@16c, with sales at 17c t* dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at 85 50@6
for Hens and $6 60@7 for young Roosters.
I California Hens were firmer and Turkeys weaker.
Live Turkeys, 14c for Gobblers and 13@14c j
' for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c fi Ib; Geese, %* '
i pair.Bl 25@1 75: Ducks, B6(^7; Hens, 60@5 60; !
Roosters, young, ?5 50@6 SO: do, old,s4<a4 60: f
1 Fryers, $5 50@6; Broilers, $5@5 50 for large and
$3 50@4 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 60@2 %i dozen
foryoung and $I@l 25 for old.
! GAME— Prices show some improvement. Hare, I
i 75c(£$l ; Rabbits. $1 25@1 60 for Cottontails and I
j 75c@$l for small: Gray Geese, 82 60@3; White
■ Geese, 75c@Sl 25; Brant. Sl@l 60; Honkers, $3
(q,i: English Snipe, 82 50@3; Jack Snipe, 81 50
%■! doz. ' ■ .- ' .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— \Ve quote 85c@$l Q box ' for good i
j to choice, 60@75c for common to fair and ?1 25@
j 1 60 for fancy.
I CITRUS FRUITS— AII descriptions are dull.
! Oranges, 75c@$l 25 f, box for Seedlings and 81 25 j
' @2 25 for Navels: badly frosted stock goes still i
I lower: Lemons, <?I@l 50 for common and $2@- 50 |
I for good to choice: California Limes, 75cfo#l %>.
box; Mexican Limes, Ss@s 50: Bananas, $I(§i2 x»
; bunch; Pineapples, $2 50@0 V dozen.
j DRIED FRUITS, RAISiNS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2 @3c $ Ib for quar
tered, 3@3y 2 c lb for sliced and 414 clb for i
j evaporated; Peaches, 3Va@4c Ib and 6y 2 @6c j
! for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7i /2
I By e for prime to choice, 9y 3 c for fancy and 10(g>
i lie 1* Ib for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black. 2(gi2y 2 c
■■ for unpressed: White Figs, 3y 2 @4c in sacks; Pears,
! 7c ii.lb for evaporated halves, 4@6Vic%llb' for
' quarters; I'runes. 3 3 /ic: Plums, 4c '$ lb for pit
] ted and iy 2 @2y 2 cfor unpitted; Nectarines, 6(g>6c
j %< Ib for prime to choice and 6V2C for fancy.
. Jobbing Prickm— Apples. 4@4y c: Peaches. 3@
I4c and 5c for fancy; peeled, in boxes, ; 10@12y 3 c; I
I Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c ~& Ib for 40(a,50's •
I and 5c for 50@U0's; Apricots. 6©9y 2 c for prime to
! choice anil lU&llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs,
j black, l^i^ysc; White Figs. 3@sc; Pears. 6y 3 c
for evaporated halves and 3@s^c for quarters;
Plums. 3i/ 2 c lor pitted and l(g}iy 2 c lor unpitted; 1
i Nectarines, 4@sc ifi !b for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are I
as follows, carload lot.-, f. o. b. San Francisco: I
1 London layers, 85@90c box; four-crown, loose, '
3 3 /<iC %^ Ib; three-crown, loose, 214 c; two-crown,
■ '2c; seedless Sultanas, 3 3 ,4@4c: seedless Muscatels,
! 2%@2 3 ,4 c: three-crown London layers, 70c: clus
-1 ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10@2 25;
: Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c
I Ib. .' . . '-*
; Jobbiko Prices — Four-crown' loose, 3c; 3
; crown, 2i / 4@2V2c: 2-crown, 134@2c; Seedless Sul
tanns, 3%@4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
! London layers, 85c@$l; clusters, SI 40@l 50;
i Dehesa clusters, 82 25; Imperial clusters, »2 75:
j Dried Grapes, 2y?c. •
! NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc f* tb; Walnuts. 7®Bc
j V It) for No. 1 hard and 9&9y 2 for ROttshell, fob
j bing lots; Almonds, t@7Vsc lor I.anguedoc ami
! 8' /2 @loc lor paper-shell, Jobbing; Peanuts, s@6c
! for rJastern and Sy2@4y c for California; Hickory
. Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c tor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 3 @Bc * Ib;
Cocoanuts. ?4 60@5 fl 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c ft Ib for
bright and B@9c %i Ib for lower grades; wat»r
white extracted, s@sy c "$> lb; light amber ex- I
tracted, 4V4@48 / ic-. dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c. !
BEESWaX-24@'-7c i* lb.
PROVISIONS.
CUBED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6c 13 Jb
for heavy, 7c Ib for light medium, 9c & lb for
j light, 10c for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured;
j Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; . California Hams,
i 9y 2 <sloc; ales 3 Beef, $7 14 bbl ; extra mess do, 88:
I family do. 89©9 50: extra prime Pork, $8 •§> bbl ;
extra near. $14 ~f, bbl; mess, $13 $ bbl: Smoked i
Beef, 2 @loc lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces. Is quotable 'at 6c IS •
tb for compound and 7y 2 c for pure; pails, 8c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6y 2 c for compound and 6jc for pure;
i half-bbls, 6Vic: 10-lb tins, 7c: do 6tb, 7@7i4c %* lb.'
I COTTOLENE- 7^4c in tierces and 8c $Ib in 10
--lb tins. ,
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
j HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c •$
I Ib; culls and brands. 6c 'c* !t>; medium, Go: culls
I r,7id brands. sc: light, sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
*"liides, SfflSiAc; culls and brands, 4@4V<>c: salted'
Kid. 5c & Ib ; salted . Calf, 8c 1^ lb; salted I Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands. 7@7y a c;
dry 'Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. 6%@7c; dry Calf,
16c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc; I
Deerskins, good summer, 25<&30c: medium. Jo(<i
25c; winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10® I
■ 20c each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40 I
@50c each: long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about y«.c less. ;. ■
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, / i@4c; No. 2, 3@
314 c; refined, 53,4 c; Grease, 2y 2 %♦ lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon. 10®llc $ Ib; San Joaquin and Southern, '3@
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@tic i» lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 3@7c %* tt>, as the two ex
tremes. • . .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: ;' :
BEEF— quality, 5y 3 (36c; second quality,
4 1 /s{@sc; third do, Hy 2 (®4c ~& tb. •
VEAL— Large, s@t<c; small. 6@7c fi lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6y 2 @7c; Ewes, 6@6y 2 c |
lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12y 2 ; yearlings, 7@Bc |
9 Ib. :'_■■--. ■■■ ■' :_ ■-■• '■■. :--, . -,-L ■ ' .
PORK— Live Hogs, 3 : }4®4c for large and 3%@
4c for email : dressed do, 6@«c 1* tb. ; J .. :
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
S4 12 1 /3 125: Wool Bags, 24@26c.
.' COAL— Wellington Is: quotable at $8 3* ton;
I New Wellington, §8 33 ton: South Held Wellington,
$7 60: Seattle, $5@5 60: Bryant, 85 50: Coos Bay,
! *»: Wallsend. « s6 50: *. Scotch, $7 60; Brymbo,
I «7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite ; Egg, $13; Welsh An-
J thracite Egg, — ; Cannel, 8; Rock Springs, Castle
■"■''-":■'. "."'.■ 'fi ' ' :-: '-'.- ■■: .-' ■ .'-'.:•
Gate and Pleasant Valley, ?7 60: Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and $12 50 *$ ton in sacks. ;
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 63.4 c; Dry Granulated, 6y 8 c;
Confectioners' A,' sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C, 43/ 8 c; Golden C, 414 c; half-barrels, more
than barrels, and boxes yoc more. ■
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
H gal. v
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE,
FOR 24 HOURS.
IHonr.qr. bJcs 16.067|Hides. no 196
Wheat, ctls 3.39oi Pelts, 0d15.... 7
Barley, ctls b.t'HOWine, gals. 34.300
Oats, ctls 375J Brandy, gals 2,550
Oregon l,BOs|Butter, ctls 129
Rye, ctls I.9oo;Cheese. ctls 24
Beans, sks. 2..looiE|tgs. doz 2,710
Potatoes, eks. 2,6lo|Leather. rolls 15
Onions, sks 304;Quick3ilver, flaskj 80
Hay. tons. 242 Tallow, ctls 77
Straw, tons 10 Chicory, bbls 55
£"•", «ks 255 Paper, reams 1,280
Middlings, sks. 60i
THE STOCK MARKET.
Prices were off again somewhat yesterday, as
will be seen by the list of sales. Occidental Con.
recovered some of Tuesday s lost ground, however,
and sold up to $1 10, but the other stocks aid not
respond. The higher priced ones were about 6c
lower than on the preceding day under quiet trad
ing.
Advices received from the Occidental reported
the southwest drift on the 650 level in three feet
of ore that would assay from $35 to $10 per ton.
NOTES.
The annual meeting of the nolmes Mining Com
pany has been called for February 11.
The Mono assessment of 10c per share will be
delinquent in the boards to-day.
The Pacific Auxiliary Firo Alarm Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of 5c per share, pay
able February 11.
The Germania Lead Works paid a dividend of
60c per share Tuesday.
The Virginia Chronicle says: An Improvement
In Ophir on the 1000 level was reported a day or so
ago, and Occidental is said to be looking particu-
Inrly well.
The Utah Consolidated Mining Company has re
elected the old board of directors, with Henry B.
Havens as president, A. W. Havens tecretary and
D. B. Lyman superintendent.
The Silver King Mining Company of Arizona has
levied an assessment of 25c per share, delinquent
March 9.
The Bodie and Ha-.vthorne Telephone and Tele
graph Company of Rodie has declared dividend No.
2 of 15c per share, payable February 10.
The Belcher has an indebtedness of $264163.
During the year they extracted from the mine and
sliiDped to the Brunswick mill for reduction 1610
tons and 9cO pounds of ore, which was taken prin
cipally from the old stopes on the 1000 and 1100
levels.
G ray Eagi/e— On the 19th bedrock was struck
in face on north side of tunnel, showing gravel of
the same quality they had 400 feet farther back, it
being mixed with many large and small bowlders.
The eruvel at first showed a prospect of $5 per
car, but since a daily improvement has taken
place, and it will now prospect about $7 per car,
the rock In face now beiii^a little more than one
foot and the gravel two feet in width, with indica
tions of getting thicker and the channel wider.
They have put sixteen curs of ore in the mill, and
the average will be much more as they work ahead
and open out.
Savahe- On the 950 level the north prospecting
drift started from the west crosscut, eighth floor of
north upraise, is advanced 22 feet and continues in
ore of good quality, end they have extracted and
hoisted 51 cars of ore from this drift. Car samples
average $33 80 per ton. In the north lateral drift
from the station on this level work has been dis
continued temporarily. In the north drift from
the eighth floor of the north upraise, at a point 26
feet north of the upraise, they have started an east
crosscut and advanced same 6 feet. Face is in
porphyry and bunches of quartz. The west cross
cut, started 90 feet nor;h of the north upraise, is
advanced 45 feet. Face is in quartz. Have cleaned
out and retimbered the west crosscut on the fourth
floor from the north upraise for a distance of 26
feet, at which point they have started a north
prospecting drift and advanced same 10 feet. Face
is in quartz with bunches ot Rood ore. Have com
pleted the repairs to the 750 level station and are
now repairing the west drift therefrom.
BO Alt D SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday:
rkoui.ab uorxivo «ir.<»>irn\- COVIT>;>VtSI 9 30.
500 Andes. 20*300 Exchqr....O6 2oo Ophir.... 1.40
200 Belcher.. .'2B3oo Mexican.. 62 100 Savage.!. .Bl
200 B & 8... .85 350 N (i <fe C..21 100 S Nev 44
300 Bodle 38j6M)Occidtl....9t>1300 Utah. ...08
100 Chollar ....59i450 .971100 V Jackt..4s
AJTKRNOOX SESSION'
-100 Ande5. ....22 200 Crown Pt.22,100 Potosl 53
300 Bodie 40100 Q <fc C 51 100 S Nev.....47
200 Ch011ar....60 100 Mono 06 600 Utah ...... 09
100 2.45 250 OccidLl..l.os|
I Following were the sales la the . Pacific Stoclc
Board yesterday :
Kturi.M kh-sston— TV7l.
200 Alpha..'.. 'JO 300 C Point;...2liloo OphlrJ.42Vs,
600...: 19300.... ...22 400 . 1:45
200 Andes 20200 Kxchqr ...07300 0vrmn....17
•200 P.elcher....'2B 400 G & C 50 200 Potosi 51
400 BAB 87 300 H&N 1.27*.. iBOO 5avau:0....32
400 8u11i0n.... 17 600 Julia 02 1000 s M.09
600 Caleda 09,500 Kentuck..O6.2OO 5Xev.....45
300 CbaUge37%'soo L Wa5h... .01 400 ...46 !
600 Choiiar. 300 Mexican..6l 600 Union C...a 8 i
600 ..: 59 400 62 500 ............40
250 CCftV. .2.40 600 Occld 96100 Utah. .....08
100 CoiiH.l.o2V> 500 ...... 800 09 i
500 C X Y.....0tJi400 99 900 V Jacket.. 46 j
iFTERXnfIN- BKSSIO.V— 1:11. ■
200 Alpha IB 100 Chollar.. ..59|300 Occidtl..l.os
1100 Alta 200 60 200 ..1.02Va
100 Andes 21 50CC<&V2.42y 2 400 PolOsi 63
200 Beicner...2B: 50 Conn 1.021-. 300 Savage. . 32
250 B& B 87 300 0 Point.. ..'..'i [600 S B<t M...09
100 88200 G<fcC 50200 a Nev....46
100 Bodle 39300 51 800 B Hill-... .02
200 8u11i0n....! 7100H&N 1.27y 2 400 Union ....40
1008u1wer....15 ! 600 Mexican. .632oo Utah... ...10
200 Challng...3B 200 0phir.. .1.45 200 ...... .....11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 29-4 P. M.
£i>t.A*Kffl.\ • JHrl.Atk"l.
Alpha Con 19 20 Jackson. 40 50
Aim., 07 09 Julia. , .. — 04
Andes 21 '^Justice 02 04
8e1cher........ '27 2PjKentucK. ...... 05 07
Best it Belcher. 87 89 Lady Wash.... ■ — 01
BentonCon.... — , 40 Mexican 62 '64
Bodle. 39 40 Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion .. Id 17 Mono ......... 05 06
Bulwer ....... 15 16 Nevada Quoeo. — 05
Caledonia 07 09 Occidental..... 1.05 1.10
Challenge Coa. 38 39 Ophir ......... 1.40 1.45
Ch011ar......... 59 61 Overman .. 18 19
Con.Cal.& Va,2.40 5t.«5!P0t05i. ......... 64 55
Con. imperial. 02 03:!5ava8e... ...... 31 52
Confidence..... 1.00 1.05 teg. Belcher... 08 10
Con.New — . Ofl Sierra Nevada, 47 48
Crown Point... 21 '23 Scorpion.. U2 —
KastSierralSew — 04 Silver Hill 01 03
Exchequer. 06 07 Silver King.... 20 —
Eureka C0n.... 25 —Syndicate 02 —
Uould & Curry. 60 51 Union Con 39 - 40
Hale<fcX<iorcr3.l.2s 1.30 Utah .......... 1O 11
10wa..: .... — 04 Yellow Jacket 47 48
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. '*?:.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 29-2 p. ic.
tNITED STATES BONDS.
Jlirl. Atked.l Bid. Asked.
DS 4s c0up. .107 — |U S4s reg...107 —
MISt:KT,I.ANKOt;S bondv .
Cal-ntCbleßs. — 110 iDo. 2d Iss 6s. — —
CalElecL 65.106 — P&ORy6s. — 108
CntraCW6s. — 100 P&Ch Xv 65.102t.4i05J/ 2
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 65 Pwl-st.RRBs. — 116Va
EdsnL&P 65.106 — Reno. WL&L — 105 !
KACHKR63. — 107 lßiverWCo6a — 100
Gearv-stßss.lO3 103y 2 !.>acioP A- .100 102»4
LosAncLßs. — 101 SF<fcNPRR3s 9» 99=ii
Do,Ontecl.6s.lol — bPKRAr!z6s — 95
i Mkt-stCble6sl'2'2 — |BPRRCaI6s..IIO —
DolivConss..loß 108y iSPRRCal5s.. — 971 A
NevC N B RBs. — 10U ' SPBrßCal6s. 9rt 98
N PCKR6s.IO3V2 — SV\Vater6*..l2o% —
NRy Cal 6s. 10a — bVWater4s™ 99Va 995' 8
NRyCalss. — 103 StkinG&F.B.aoa "lO»V«
Oak Gas 55.. 102 105 SunstT<tT6s. 100 —
Do, 2d iss 59.102 Sutter-stP.ss. - llo^i
Omnibus 65.. — ll9i VisallaWC Us — 92
PacßollM6a.. — — : -■
WAT STOCKS. 'r , ■
Contra Costa — 47y s !BanJose — »5
Mann Co 49 — . iSpringVaUey 96%. 87.
GAS STOCKS.
Capital....... - 39 Pacific Light. 46 48
Central 95 — SanFrancsco 7H/> 717/«
Oak G L&H. 61 6114 Stockton. .... — aiy,
lias imp. 78% 79 : |
, insdbasck stocks. 1/. .". -
FiremansFd.l67iil7O ■-.-■ |Sun 66y a —
COSIMKKCIAIi BANK STOCKS.
AmerBATC. — — LondonPAA.l2B V, —
Anglo-Cal ... 581 A — London&3F. — SO
Bank of Ca1.. 230 232 iMerch Ex.... 12 —
CaKSD&TCo.. 58 62 1/2' Nevada...... — —
yirstNatlonl.l76^,l79V3l6ather Wo* — —
Grangers.... — _ j . ; ;
, . . SAVINGS BASK STOCKS.
GerSAfLCo.I4OO — gav&Loan.. — 1021/.
HumbSiL.lOOO — Security... 22& 275
Mutual...... _ -4i Union Trust. — 820
SJ;'i3avUnloQ4Bo ;'■—",, \ . ■..';•■
STRKET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 106 ' — Oak,SL&Hay — 100
Gcary-5t..... 60 70 '-■ 1-resiaio "■: 45/ 8 »,;
Market-at:... ; 44 4414 Sutter-st — —
POWIIKH STACKS.
Atlantic D... — , 151/iJudson....:.. — —
California.... 97 98 jVlgont. — 1
yiant......... 171/3 19 I. , ...
--■ MISCi.I.I.AN'KOUS STOCKS. .
Alaska Pkrs. 90 97: OceantcSSCo 17y a 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMills.. — — . Pac Borax... 08 100 \
CalDrvDock. — — Pac I Co. — 80
Edison Light. 96. 97 Pac Roll Mill 23y 2 —
GasConAssn. — — ParfPaintCo. ' 6 7%
Ger Lead <o. 85 — PacTransCo. -, — 26
HawCiSCo.. 9V■. •• 9i-'o PacTA'i'Co 61 70
HutchSPCo.. 13% lay^SupsetTAT.. 41 —
JndsonMfgO. _ . _ lUnitedCCo.. — 3&
MerExAsaulOO 110 I .
MOBNINO RICBSIOV. . , ■-•■■.
Board— lso Hawaiian Commercial, 8%; 60 do.
9: 5 SFUasli(tht.7l3/i. .-: < . .
street— s6ooo Omnibus Cable Bonds, 119 Vi: 45
Gaslight, 71'4i: $9000 butter-8t K-R Bonds,
■ : . ',: . AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board— slooo Geary-st 5% Bonds, 103; 20 SF
Gaslight. 7134. , * ■,
- Street-5 8 JF, Gaslight, 71%. : ,
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss M Kech, Florida Mrs L J Plummer, Fresno
1> Hayes, Newark '- v : J Spinney. Fresno
iv Brown, St Louis : '' p *' Browu, Ilollister
» M Alvlso, Pleasantoa W McFord, Ukiah
i; H Sherman, Cal - H B Fosturan, Los Angls
D J Simmons, Sacto MA Replogle, Akron. O
1) C Brown, San Mateo T Weale it w, Nevda Cty
AH Hermann, Cal w W Morris & w, Chicso
I « sloan>5 loan> G ' llfornl * II Dinkelspiel, Birds Ldg
A M Seymour, Sacto a M Seman*, Los Angels
t  t,. ay> Boston- C Gurnie, Oakland .
r « Tice, Oakland Miss Fay, East Boston
i. ! ? son - Nebraska O Smith, St Helena
Mrs X Bays & fm, Nebr IP Reps, Los Angeles
L M Fortune. Portland \V G Kaney, MonticeUo
c P Hosmer, Sacramento \V M Murray, Sacto
X J Hosmer, Sacto Mrs J Whited. Dunsmuir
iv • Ke , lle F' Xew York B B Bryan, Findlay. Or
vvil kl LosUatos MrsHll Albery, Colusa
I I aherty & w. t-lt Lke Kiss A E Kirk, Colusa
1 Flints wf, .- an Jose JE Woolley, California
tj Strasburg, Los Angels P A Buell, Stockton
I J^ewis, Denver v- Q c Hyatt <it w, Stockton
£ en , ny ' Paris Mr GL Allen, Stockton
R I uul, Paris HE Adams, Stockton
; ; russ house. ,
?tT £? rsp « - View M Lingo. Birds Log
"i- n ,^ lcolU San Jose R B Pauet, San Jos*
* M easDer - Cal SS Guthrie, Mo
J A Montßomery, Cal ; ■ J H Clark, Kivera
II Klbblewhile, liivera C Blake, Rivera
£,4, Wells - <-'h cago ■■ F Berry, w<% c, Alaska
a , r ,r 0 ' t?an Jose J B Sanfoid, I kiah
A A Whitney. Ariz Mrs F Bun, Nap*
?r A Ba le >'> Cal Peter High. Honolulu
UB Clayton, Buisun E J Gavin, Bniaoa
Miss Leitch, Wallace Mrs Semper, Wallace .
« W Klce, San Miguel Arthur (i Munn, Cal
C V Inks &w, Indiana C McCulcheon, Cal
K. L King, Stockton Mrs C Snider, Cal '
C Thomas & w, Or H Hurintzer, Long Beach
>; B Arcoy, Or J M Showers, Or
T Marchant, Or EM Showers, Or
* w Langley, Oakland F M Marker, Nev
W D Ford, Oakland II Anderson, Truckee
V Gllcrist, Cal R Perrin, Fresno
L H Duncan & s, Cal R I Owen <fc f, Fresno
W-S Conway, Auburn vv V Walker, Cal
V D Smiley, Log Ang L King, King City
\V Tucker, Fairfield B F Pettit, Cal
J C Erb, Wads worth A W Amlsby, San Jore
G W Gage, Wadsworth F A Chadborne, Suisun
II S Pierson, Ukiab It Floyle, Los Ang
A P Hellengren, Cal
LICK HOUSE.
C P Lambarde, Xapa j V Simonds, Berkeley
H Eickhoff, San Rafael W C Brown, Martinez
J B Mathisou, Berkeley BT. Bullock, P^ureka
G W Pickett, Eugene .1 O Carlisle, Forbestown
811 Kpham. Martinez LII Garrlgus, Salem
Mrs H A Harland, Cal E B Joberts «fe w, S Jose
W H Hener, U B a Mrs January, St. Louis
L H Trainer, C;il ,T }l Trainer, Cal
H M Dodge & w, Kenwd Miss Dudge. Kenwood
I"; W Ciard & w. Pa F \V Gregerson, Monterey
X J Sexton, Eureka C C Samuels <fe w, Stoekh
Mrs U M Rodgers, Cal C J Stopkweathenfcw.N V
MissJStockwealher.N V MissOßStockweather,NY
C H Jordeu. Pasadena Mrs .J B Smith, >.* V
F J Sommers it w. Mass Frank Sommers. Boston
C D Spencer, Sun Jose Mrs J Davis, London
C E Abboit, Nev City W P Hayue, Sacramento
AvLe Vaiul, sacto F A Alleii, Sacramento
P J White, .Stockton - W(J Kinß& w, Chicago
P ilcC Hardy A, w, IU A P Hudner, DavisvUle
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Ginsberg. Sacramento k Wiikausky, San Jose
J Desbeck, Cal F Robinson, N V
S Schwartz. Cal C S Binlsill, N V
J Sheridan. Cal B C Holly, Valleio
Mrs T Hopper, Sta Rosa Miss Lena Holly. Valleio
Mrs J pro, Santa Rosa Mrs B C Holly. Vallejo
II Davis & \v, Alameda T Blackman, San Jose
H Banby, Ariz J Hennessy, St Joseph
O E Sage iw,USN I Kahn, Plymouth
G C Westcott, Cal H M Jessel, St Louis
E L Turner, Chicago M Mayfield, St I.ouis
J E Blakewell.N Orleans F R Bell, St Louis
E J Peters, Boston W Kowosky, S Petrsburg
G W Dwyer, Chicago Mr Kane, w & d, Oakland
Mrs Wild, Berkeley E J Banks, Philadelphia
PALACE HOTEL.
J M Durand <fe w, 111 X Corbett *w, Mich
Mrs P Cook, Rio Vista H H Pitcher, Livermore
A Kausch, Hungary E D Bannister, Montana
C\V Clark, New York T Harris, Seattle
J J Atkins it w, Mass J G Kimberley, Wis
X G Bea<:h, Chicago C B Sloat, Texas
E E Othier, St Louis W T Solomon, New York
L Rosenthein. N V E M Ross, Los Angeles
A F Warnwrlght, Cal H E I'icket, I'lacerville
D W Campbell, ;>an Jose Mrs W T Hixson, Texas
J H Hays, Missouri
XEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J W Kelchnor, San Jose A W Edwards, Portland
X X Mauer Jr, Chicago Mrs \V E Rockwell. Xeb
R M Collins, Colfax >' iiigglns, Monterey
H W Dockliam.Alameda P John & w, Denver
R X Rooney, P.oston W Kery, Jackson
T F Breunum, Nev City
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mercy 8. j)oane to Ella A. Judson, Eliza T.
Coombs, Mary F. Illndes, Jeanette and Otson K.
Doaue, lot on N line of Grove street, 200 E of
BrOderick, E 25 by R 137:6; gilt.
Bridget fie Campos to Emanuel and Mary Valla
das and Henry M., John and Emanuel de Campos,
lot on N line of Geary street, 126:6 W of Lyon, \V
25 by 100; also lot on W line of Wood street,
871 :9 Xof Point Lobos avenue, X 53 by W 100,
quitclaim deed; $5.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Angusta Lnndberjc,
lot on W line of Hoffman (Ellen) street, 180:6 a of
Alvarado, fcj 25 by W 100; $10.
August Kahman to Emma G. Kahman, undi
vided 1-24 of lot on E line of Kearny street, 121 S
of Post, 8 42, E 76, SW 42:6, W 70: also undi
vided 1-24' of/lot on E corner Eleventh and Mission
streets, SE 50 by SE 100; also all interest in lot
on \V line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 200 N of P
street, N 75 by \V 120: gift.
• Charles L. Bache to Pedro Salon, all interest In
loton.N\V line of Washington street and Wash
ington alley, W 30:3 by If 87:8; also all interest
in the estate of first party's mother; $
J. C. anil Catherine Classen, to Giovanni and
Gulseppe Arata, lot on X E come rof Powell and
Francisco streets, E 28:9 by N 68:9; $10
Simon, Theresa and Julius Magnln to Henrietta
E. Crane, lot on X line of Sutter street, 37:6 E of
Hyde, E 25 by N 87:6; $10.
John A. Senator to Marie scliafer, lot on S line of
Green Street, 137:6 W of Hyde, W 20 by S 77:6;
*1500.
Peter Kelly to Mary Kelly, lot on SE line of
Bryant street, 275 SW of Third, SW 40 by SE
97:6; gift. . ' • .
Hiberniu Savings and Loan Society to Thomas
Macee. lot on :SE corner of Sixth and -Brannan
streets, KB 40, SW 120, NE 172:6, SE 275. SW
275, NW 137:6, SW 137:6, NW 137:6: $64,848.
M. and Lizzie Vetterleln to Carrie Baumann, lot
on XW line of Brannan street, 100 XE of Ninth,
NB 37:6 by NW 137:6, subject to mortgage; $10.
. W. H. Wallace to John T. Mabey, lot on \V line
of Thirty-fourth avenue, '200 S of Clement street.
SSO by W 120; 910. -■-
Sol, Dora, Rose and Eernhard Getz to Ellen M.
Madden, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 150 .N of
A street, X 26 by E 120; $10.
F. Lacoste toUonore Escolle, lot on E line of
Thirty-seventh avenue, TOO X of 1) street, N 100
by B 120; 95.
William T. Curleyto John P. Curley, lot on S
line of I street, 27:6 E of Eighth avenue, E '25 by
S 100; $10.
J. T. Cassels to William Itine, lot on S line of I"
street, 57:6 Wof Twenty fourth avenue, \V 25 by
S 100; $1000. * ,
Thomas Orr to E. S. Paddock, lot on X line of T
street, 32:6 W of Forty-sixth avenue, X 100 by W
25; also lot on W line of Forty-sixth avenue, "225
X of T street, N. 25 by W 120, subject to mort
gage: $10. . ■
John J. and Mary L. O'Farrell to John Kundert,
lot on SW line of Francis "street, 225 NW of Mis
sion. XW 25 by SW 150; 810.
Martin ODea (executor of estate of Thomas Lar
kin) to Richard Flaherty, lot on E corner of CJ
street and Fourth avenue, XE 100 by SE 100
block 55, Salt Marsh and Tide Lands; $200.
Richard H. Harris to Samuel and Johanna
Johns, lot 20, block P. Park Xn.ue Tract, man 4
except the NW 76 feet of lot 20: $10.
Christian M. and Anna Sta<ler to Charles J. and
Mary S. Gottun;, lot on S line of Wilder street, 350
E of E line of tract formerly owned by J. Y. Wil
son, E 25 by S 100, block 4, Fairmount extension;
$10. - '
ALAMKDA COt'NTY.
Miss M. B. Price to Alton R. Cowan, lot 45, Lin
den Homestead Tract, Oakland Township; $10. -
Alton ]<. Cowan to Maria Cowan, same, Oakland
Township; Gift. .-:
H. A. ami Helen Nelson to .T. A. Marshall, lot on
X line of Fulton street, 90 8 of Blake, S 45 by E
125, block 1454, Blake Tract maps 1 and 2: 510.
John T. Coo to Mrs. Sarah L. Butters, lot on W
line of Humboldt avenue, 93.1 Sof Carlston street.
\v 103.2, S 44.10, X 90.8, « 46.7 to beginning, lot
4, block M, Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Daniel Lowell to same, lot beeinnins: at a point
100 W from Mary street and 135 s from Webster,
.W. 20 by 8 115, a portion of Evergreen Park Home
stead Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed ;
$10. ■. . .'■-■ ■' ■ " ■ * . ■.-■.' - ' - '
W. 8., C. G. and T. S. Hardy to Thomas Prather,
lot on X\V corner of Thirtieth nnd Filbert streets
W 150. N 100, E 25, N 25, E 125, S 125 to begin
ning, lots 20 to 26, block 67, Ulascock Tract Oak
land; $10. - . ■;■-.■ , .
Mary H.Simpson (by attorney) to Joseph and
Harriet Nortliey, lot on N lino of Simpson avenue
833 Wof Telegraph avenue, W 66, N 112.66, E
66. S 112.605 to beginning, portion of Simpson
Tract, Oakland; $10, y
Kels Person to Johanna M. I Erlckson. lot on X
line of Irvint? street, 227 \V of Lowell, W 50 by
N 100, portion of Dohr Tract, Berkeley; $10
Theodore and Ida Wagner to A. A. "Fink lots 5
7. 8 and 23, block 2, Howling Tract, Berkeley;
SI OS ( ■
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Gustaf (5.
Gralund, lot on S line of Channinjr way, 65 E of
Ninth street, E 50 by S 100, block 137, corrected
map, Raymond Tract, Berkeley; $6.
B. Kelsey to Charles A. Bailey, lots 1 to 5, block
113; lots 1,2 and 26, block 114; lots 7, 8, 27 and
28. block 124; lots 3. 4, 25 and 26, block 123
Tract B. Berkeley L. and T. I. Association, quit
claim deed, Berkeley; 85. ,
Thomas F. and Ada Graber to EmMe J. L Mon
terichard, lot on E line of Seventh street, 150 N of
Bristol, N 50 by E ISB, lot 18, block 77, Tract B
same, Berkeley; $10. , , ' ,
' Emile J. L. Monterichard to Eliza Smith, same
Berkeley; $10. •- , °»«"c,
_E. D. Bush to Edith G. Bush, lot on 8 line of
£ l iin 0I L! lveil ? Cl liS Wof Union street - W35 by
Sl.-JO, block 16, map of Leonard's subdivision of
blocks 16, 17 and 18, Bartlett 60-acre 'tract, Ala
medu; gift. .-..-,.
The Free Market Movement.
The California State Horticultural Societ
will boia its regular meeting to-morrow at 1
r. m. in the Assembly Hal) of the Mills build
ing. The leading subject will be the estab
lishment of a public market in this City. The
following gentlemen are expected to partici
pate in the discussion: W. H. Mills, vice-presi
dent State Board of Trade; E. L. Colnon, presi
dent State Harbor Commission; B. F. Walton
and E. Greer, committee of State Grange; M.
S. Kohlberg, Merchants' Association; Frank
Dalton, president San Francisco Fruit Ex
change; E. F. Adams, committee Highland
Grange.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
W,
|Th.
Moon's Phasei.
32
3
€Lasr Qnarl
January
7
9
!—
I io
U
' jffijj) New Moon.
January x 4
14
ie
17
18
!
~
3 First Quartei
January 22.
21 I
22
23
25
29
I
I |
(£3) ■ Full Moon.
i Vs/ January SO.
!so
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure irom San Frunrisco.
.VIS. I DK8TINA.TIOM |
BA1M.
| PIEB.
Homer...... Coos Bay Jan 30. Ooeanlo
Santa Kosa.. San Diego | Jan 30.11 am ' Pier 11
Dmacllla.... Vic Fee Snd Jan 30, 9am Pier 9
Pomona,.... j HumboldtBay [Jan 30. 2pm i Pier 9
St Paul Newvjort ....... Feb 1,10am Pier 11
Areata Coos Bay Feb 1, 9am PterlS
▲rago | Coos Bar Feb 2.10am Pier 13
Ptateof Cai ; Portland [Feb 3.10am Pier 24
Point Jjoma. ; Grays Harbor. | Feb 3.12 m Pier a
Corona...... ; Ban Dieico Feb 3.11au Pier 11
CityPuebla.. j Vie <fc Pec Una j Feb 4. 9am ; Pier 9
Pel Norte .. Grays Harbor. | Feb 4. 4pm I -
Eureka j Newnort Feb 5. 9am Pier 11
Columbia... : Portland Feb 8.10am Pier 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Stkauer J From | Dub
Norm Fort. I
Rio de Janeiro..
Wellington <
Ban Bemto |
8tPaui..........
Arcata ......... I
Fnra110n ........
Plate of Ca1.....
CltyoiPueDla..
Araeo.
City of Kvereti
Point .Loma. I
Corona. |
Mackinaw ......
Bel N0rte.......
Pomona...
Coos 8ay.™.....
Empire:..
Willamette... |
Walla Wa11a....
Columbia. ; i
Santa Kosa.
San Juan !
Crescent City... |
1 Hum bold Bay
China and Japan.. ......
Comox..
| Facoma....
I Newport. ,
Coos Bay
Yaaulna Hay
Portland
Victoria <& Pugec Hound
Coos Bay
Departure Bay
Urays Harbor
San Diego..
Tacoma
Grays Harbor
flumboidt Bay
Newport
Portland
I Departure Bay
I Victoria & I'uget Sound
! Portland
t-an Dingo..
Panama...
■ Crescent Oltv
I.. Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 31
. Jan 31
..Jan 31
..Jan 31
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 2
..Feb 2
..Feb 3
..Feb 4
..Feb 4
..Feb 5
..Feb 5
..Feb 5
..Feb 6
..Feb 6
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
a
30. 1
31. U
! -i
I 0.4
I 1.1
6.06:
6.45;
Rises! Sets
7.161 6.31
•7.16! 5.3' i
6.18P
784p
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch HYDRonHAPHic Office., TT. 3. N. •)
Merchants' Exchange. V
Sajj Francisco, January 29. 1898. J
Tho time ball on Telegrapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the TJOta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtei-kr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, January 29.
Nlc stmr Costa Kica. Mclntyre, 6iA days from
Departure Bay: 2500 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir
<fc Sons.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 17 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins <fe Co.
Nor stmr Peter J^bsen, Hansen. 6 days
from Nanaimo; 4402 tons coal, to John Kosenfeld's
Sons.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 15 hours from Green
wood ; wood and stave bolls, to L E White Lumber
Co.
whip Invincible, Howland, 17 days from Port
Blakeley ; lumber, to Renton, Holmes & Co.
Bark Germania. Pearson, 20 days from New
Whatccm; 800 M ft lumber and laths, to P B Corn
wall.
Brbark Kilmeny, Jones, 124 days from Ant
werp: mdsc, to Meyer, Wilson & Co.
Bark Aureola. Van Dahlern, 18 days from Wil
lapa Harbor: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Roy Somers, Olsen, 14 days from New
Whatcom: lumber, to A A Baxter.
Bktn Archer. Calhoun, 13Vo daya from Hono
lulu: sugar, to Welch ifc Co.
echr C A Tuayer, Lilyqulst, 13 days from Grays
Harbor; 560 M ft lumber, to E K. Wood Lumber
Co.
Kchr J M Colman, Treanor, 17 days from Ta
coma: lumber, to Hanson <fe Co.
Schr Wing and Wing. Forrest, 27 days from Coos
Bay : 200 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Glen, Jorgcnson. 18 days from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to Stockton Lumber Co.
Schr Marion, Generaux, 13 days from Grays
Harbor: 330 Mft lumber, to S H Harmon Lum
ber Co.
Sohr Arthur T, Krog, 15 days from Grab's
Haroor; 160 M ft lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co.
Schr Laura May, Haosen. 16 days from Grays
Harbor: lumber, to Pacific Pine Lumber Co.
.Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 25 days from Siuslaw
River; 125 M ft lumber, to Hlggins & Collins.
Schr Norma, Larsen, 14 days from Grays Har
bor: lumber, to Wilson Bros <fe Co.
Schr Dora Bluhm. Larsen, 14 days from Grays
Harbor; 400 M ft lumber, to S X Slade Lumber Co.
Cleared.
I WEDNESDAY, January 29.
Stmr Umattlla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Ship George Stetson, Murphy, New York; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bark Martha Davis, Soul e, Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
Brig Lurline, Miller, Kahulul; Haw Commercial
and Sugar Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, January 29.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Astoria.
Stmr National City, Aruiresen, Eureka,
Stmr South Coast, Hansen. Astoria.
Stmr Albion. Lundquist, Albion River.
Stmr Alcatraz, Dettmers.
Ship Bohemia, Hogan, Sydney.
Br ship Wayfarer, Dunning, Liverpool.
Br shlD LawbUl. Coas. Hull.
Br ship Clan Mackenzie, Iddes, Queenstown.
Nor bark Nordlyset, Olsen. Uueenstown.
Bark Helen \V Almy, Pederson, Ocos.
Bark Martha Davis. Soule, Honolulu.
Brig Lurline, Miller, Kahului.
Schr Golden Shore, Henderson, Melbourne.
• schr Aloha. Dabel, Honolulu.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Mary ana Ida, Rlstlne, Willapa Harbor.
Schr James A Gartield, Palmgren.
Schr Chas E. Falk, Anderson, Port Gamble.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— January 29—10 jpk— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 16 miles.
. Charter*.
The Ger ship Occident is chartered for wheat to
Europe. 22s 6d— Is 3d less direct.
Spoken.
Per Br bark KUmeny— Dec Lat 65 04 8, lone
82 48 W, Br ship Garnet Hill, hence Sept 22 for
Queenstown.
Dec 12— Lat 58 S, long 68 10 W, Br bark Centaur
from Liverpool, for San Francisco. All welL
Mr mo rand
Per Pomona— 28 at 12:50 fm saw bell buoy
adrift 1 mile NW of Gordo Hock. -
. . Domestic Ports.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 29— Brig Courtney Ford,
for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Progrego, im
Port Los Angeles. . .
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 29— Schr Jessie, hence
Jan 23.
Sailed Jan 29— stmr State of California, for San
Francisco: Br bark Glencairn, for Queenstown-
Ger bark Mathilcie Denssen, for Queenstown.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 29— Schr Eclipse, henco
Jim 30: schr Laura Pike, hence Jan 9; schr Hal
cyon, hence Jan 16.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Excelsior.
Arrived Jan 29— Schr Jessie Minor, from Eureka:
stmr Tillamook, from Eureka: schr Lillebonne.fm
Eureka. " . J
IVERSENS LANDING-Arrived Jan 29-Schr
Ocean Spray. -
POUT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 29— Schr King
Cyrus,' from Honolulu: ship Lou's Walsh, from
Callao. - .
SOUTH BEND-Sailed Jan 29— Bktn North
Bend, for San Francisco. ' .
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Jan 29— Br shin
Airlie, for Portland. : .
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Arago, for San
Francisco.
. Arrived Jan 29— Schr Gotama, ' hence Jan 25
--schr Orient, bence Jan 22. ' '
TACOMA-SailedJan 29-Stmr Mackinaw, for
San Francisco.
Eastern Ports. ..
NEW "SORK— Cleared Jan 28— Ship City of
Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
' Foreign Ports.
RIO DE JANEIRO-Salled Jan 28-Stmr Cza
rina, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 28— stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
COLON— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Allianca, from
New York.
Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Finance, for New York.
STANLEY, F I— Sailed Dec 20— Br bark Fox
glove, for Honolulu.
■■ VALPARAISO-Salled Jan 27— Br ship Falk
landhand, via Iqulque, for San Francisco.
LONDON— Jan ■ 28— Nor ship Ambassador, at
Stanley, F 1., condemned and will be sold.
SYDNEY— Jan 28— Br simr Mlowera, returned:
machinery slightly out of order; will repair and
sail in a day or two. j .
Movement of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan '29— Stmr Teutonic, for
Liverpool ; stmr St Louis, for Southampton : stmr
Nordland. for Antwerp: stmr Italia, for Hamburg.
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived out Jan 29—S.mrNor
mannia. — :v
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Jan 29— Stmr
Aller and stmr New York. ■ ' - -
: bailed Jan 29— Strar Spree, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 29— Stmr Maasdam,
for New York. : . ■■■•• ... ,
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 29— Stmr Weimar, from
New York, for Bremen.
BROWHEAD— Passed Jan 29— Stmr Germanic,
from New York, for Queenstown and Liverpool.
Importations.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 3 bxs plates, 1 frame,
3cs bowls, 31 pkgs mdse, 1 sk coin, 1 cs eggs, 8
pkgs express, 4 sks furs. 1 cs thread, 4 chts tea. 15
bxs 7 hf bxs fish. 1 roll canvas, 2 cs woodenware, 1
cs rubber shoes. 737 sks potatoes, 344 bxs apples,
1 bx hardware, 1 pkg saws, 2cs groceries. 1 chest
tools, 2 bills hides, 1 pkg lanterns, 1 cs furnishing
goods, 2 cs drugs, Ti doors, 89 M ft lumber, 2 bbls
mineral water. 2 cs gun goods. V 2 bbl whisky, I*s
sks peas, 1 tub 2 kegs 84 bxs butter.
Consignees.
Per Pomona— Amer Press Assn: C S Wilson:
Carroll & Carroll; Baker A Hamilton: Carlson.
Currier &Co: Dodge, Sweeney.* Co; Del Monte
Milling Co: Dairymen's Union; tveleth A_ Nash.
Enterprise Brewery; E Commlns: C, W BblW H
WMdeck; Humboldt Mineral Water Co: Hlbernia
Brewery; H Liebes: Lievre, Fricke & Co : McKay
& Co; John F English: Wieland Bre-.vtnz Co; _ Mat
Harris: Mack & Co; Kittle* Co: MXalish&to;
Marshall, TegeartA:. Co; Neustadter Bros; Riley
Bros- 1 J O Ddnnell: Sco'.t * Van Arsdale Lumber
Co : Standard Oil Co; Sawyer Tanning Co : United
States Brewery: Wells, Fargo * Co: A Paladini:
4merican Union Fish Co: G Camllloni&Co; J M.
Moore: Wheaton, Breon <fe Co; Milani * Co; Paciric
Coast Fish Co: H Ueckman & Co; A Sylvester; B
Caito- C E Whitney & Co; D E Allison * Co: a W
Cara- Dunham, Carrißan <£ Co: Dairymen's Union:
E R Stevens A Co: Murphy. Grant it Co: Pacific
Coast Lumber and Mill Co; W F Mitchell: G Berti
* Co- Hills Bros; Norton, Teller & Co; F B Haleht;
O B Smith & Co; Witzel & BaKer; Boston Rubber
Shoe Co; ±f Dutard; J Demartinl.
«■&" OFFICE FURNITURE
P OFFICE FURNITURE
AND FIXTURES.
|||lf^ac. F. WEBER & CO.,
300 to 306 Post J3t.t cor. Stockton
OFFICE and X>
jMt>T?"'"'"^m typewriter. 33
"'im^^j 157 New Montgomery DHL
, Two In One. Street, S. F. 23
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonds.
"V'OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN" THAT SEALED
i-^i proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
1896, for the purchase of thirty-two (32) Kiug.-i
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both Inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the' first day of January,
1906, or at any time before that date, -at the
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the United
States, with interest thereon a* the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable seml-annually.on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of ,
each year. Bonds and interest payable at theoflice '
of the County Treasurer of said Kings County.
Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of Super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1895,
and January 6, 1896, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and in
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment," approved March 24, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than face
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W. H. SL A YIN,
County Treasurer.
ocEAir STEAMSHIPS^
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &8.00
Second Class .. dSOO
Meals and berth Included. .
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street,
OOODALX, PERKINS & CO.,
--.■•■ General Agents.
O. K r - 0 _5«3 IST.
ASTOEIA AND PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont*
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 29
State of California sails February 3
GOODALL, PERKINS <fe CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CON M OR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMP.UI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM: AfSk-
Broadway wharf, San FrancUco, as -SbHC
follows: -
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wranjrel. Juneau. Kit-
llsnoo and Bitka (Alaska), at 9 A. v., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver |B. C), Port Town-
Bend, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortai and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, SO, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. c. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. K. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townaend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum'
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., Jan. 'J, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Fort Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
4, B. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor 1
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port JU*
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A. if., Jan. 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26. SO, aod every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. if., 25th of each month. x• r
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4, New Montgomery
Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*.
.•■■ l--.' - ,••:,; ■ 10 Market st., San Francisco.
OCEAMC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
.-sSSESEDftw i Cooleardie gold field*
J^^tL TO^Shv (Freemantle), Austra-
MPtd^UAktSl*;^ Ha: $ 220 first class,
dW<? n 0 I |fn» $110 steerage. Lowess
jy^gS^i-v*' rates to Capetown,
J^jjf^l^^*^^*^^^^ bouih Africa.
aH/ t3^.« yla Australian steamer,
W&St ymftjJßl Honolultt and Auck>
■/ Y7^Mr\ Honolulu and Auck-
fl^ I v fffw^ l» Steamship Australia,
mJS^^ray Honolulu only, Samr-
day, rebruary 3 5, at 10
a.m.
' Special Parties.— Reduced special rates for
patties Feb. 6 and 15, 189&
Ticket office- 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKK.L3 & BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGSIEGETERALE TR I.TSATLAJTIQUB
French Line to Havre.
nOMPASY'STIKR (NEW), 42 NORTH JkOK^
\J River, foot of .Morton st. Travelers by iSmßm
this line avoid both transit by English railway «tuil
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAONE, Capt. Rupe.
...January 11.
LA ASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Jfoirot
January 25,
| LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf •
g ; nt ;
No. 3 Bowling Green, New YoriC
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, i Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL AML
fortnightly for the West Indies and <SUgjg|
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with tha
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treat*
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thirl
•lav, 97 60. For further particulars apply to
■"* I'ARROTT A CO., Agents.
. ; ■ ■ ■ 306 California si
STOCKIM STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P. M. Daily, Except Sunday;
tS~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER,;
T.C.Walker. ,J. d. Peters
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Gu. Nay. and Impt. Co
YALLEJO AaDTMAREIsLApT
STB. MONTICJELLO,
Pally, except Sunday- io A v. am -
Sunday— 8 p. ul *
.X.ndi«.MU., onl . pi« a,Interesting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
FOR CRUELTY TO A GIRL.
Professor Semati yon Hirsch, a
Musician, Arrested Yes
terday.
THE CHILD A STEPDAUGHTER.
Mrs. Prescott of the Children's Society
Obtained a Warrant on Com
plaint of Neighbors.
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 29. )
Professor Semati J. yon Hirsch, a well
known local musician, was arrested to-day
for cruelty to his stepdaughter, Miss Alfie
Stiner. He has frequently, it is alleged,
beaten the girl, who is 15 years old, in a
cruel manner, and the Children's Society
caused tne musician's arrest.
Mis- Stiner has resided with her mother
and stepfather at 16 Telegraph avenue.
The mother of the girl is slichtly demented,
it is said, and was at one time in an
asylum. Owinc to her weakened mental
condition she has been unable to interfere
when Yon Hirsch beat her daughter, and
for her mother's sake the girl has never
complained.
The state of affairs has been imown to
the neighbors for some time, but came to
the ears of Mrs. Prescntt recently. As
s>oon as she heard of it commenced an
investigation, and this morning decided t<>
take the girl and nave the stepfather ar
reaied.
Accordingly she went to the school and
took the daughter, and together they went
before Prosecuting Attorney Moore and
swore to a complaint.
The girl is in appearance gentle, and
those who have interested themselves in
her case say she does not belie her look?.
":i t:.e other hand, they r.s?ert that Yon
Hirsch is a tyrant, and they tell tales of
the young laay bein^ covered with black
blue marks made by the h*eavy cane
with which the stepfat er would beat her.
Mrs. Prescott has taken charge of the
girl, and the professor is under arrest.
THE V. M. I.
There Will Be Two Celebrations on
"Washington's Birthday.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. -19.— The local
councils of the Young Men's Institute will
hold a grand celebration on the evening of
Washington's birthday. The plans have
been under way for over a month. There
are three councils in Oakland— namely,
American No. 8, Oakland No. 6 and Coun
cil No. 31. The following committees have
the matter in charge:
At larsre— Grand President John Lynch.
No. t>— lt. H. Hammond, C. J. Harrington, G.
W. Brown. J- 8. Gilmore.
No. b— D. McCarthy, F. D. Ready, G. W. Don
nelly, T. 1". Hvues.
No. 81— W. V. Harrington, J. T. Carey, M. A.
Mclnnis, < . H. O'Connor.
\\ . V. Harrington has been chosen chairman
and J. S. Gllmore secretary. The following
sub-committees have been selected:
Speakers— X. H. Hammond, D. M. McCarthy,
M. A. Melnnis, J. Lynch.
Talem— F. D. Ready, C. H. O'Connor. J.S.
Gilmore.
Decorations— G. W. Brown, W. V. Harring
ton, J. T. Carey.
The large exposition building was hired
some time ago and later when the Junior
Order of United American Mechanics ap
plied for the building they were surprised
to find that the Young Men's Institute were
ahead of them, and so they will have to
put up with smaller quarters.
TO CALL MR. ROSS.
The Preacher Wanted at the Second
Presbyterian Church, Oakland.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 29.— For several
■weeks the Second Presbyterian Church
has been considering the advisability of
extending a call to Rev. Donald Ros3 of
San Francisco.
Two Sundays ago Mr. Ross preached in
the church and made a very favorable im
pression. It was understood that the con
gregation would take some action on the
matter at to-night's prayer-meeting, but
nothing was done.
The call, it is expected, will be extended
at the meeting next Wednesday night.
Mrs. Godfrey Remarries.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— Jackson W.
Hart and Alice Earl Godfrey of this city
were married a week ago at Visalia. There
is a romance behind the wedding. The
bride is the widow of George Godfrey, the
capitalist, whose divorce experiences fur
nished many sensational stories a few
years ago. Godfrey was at one time
wealthy, but when he died his three wives
had so routed his estate that his widow
did not receive over $20,000 at the final dis- !
tribution. .
Not Doing; Anything.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— 1t has been
reported recently that the conversion of
the Laundry Farm steam Jine into an elec
tric road, which was proposed a year ago
or more, is about to be accomplished, but
W. M. Rank, the superintendent, says this
is not so. "We are not doing anything,"
said Mr. Rank, "and do not propose to do
anything. The project is in the same stage
that it was in last year, and I do not think it
will advance any."
Doctors as Expert*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— The suit of
Colonel Wettstein against the Southern
Pacific for $20,000 damages is proving a
harvest for the medical men. Already
about half a dozen have been examined
and there are more to follow. Attorney
Moore for the railroad company said to
day that facts had been developed at the
trial that asked for more expert testimony i
and lie will introduce a few more medical
men.
The Woman at Fault.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— police
are convinced that Mrs. Van Zandt is the
one who led young Kelleher to steal his
employer's money and go with her to San |
Francisco, where they were arrested. The '
boy is only 17 years old, antl he will prob
ably be sent to a reform" school. The
woman has a bad reputation. Both
pleaded not guilty in the Police Court this
morning.
The Peering Inquest.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— An inquest
was held this evening into the death of
Charles Deering who shot himself in La
fayette Park early this morning. The evi
dence left no doubt that the deceased com
mitted suicide while despondent, and a
verdict to that effect was returned. Deer
ing was a single man.
Hill Wants Time.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. Benjamin
Hill, who shot his wife in West Oakland
two weeks ago, pleaded not guilty to-day
in the Superior Court. His attorney said
he is expecting to procure some testimony
from the East, and as his client is without
money he asked for a delay. The trial was
tet for Marco 3.
W. D. Catton'* Will.
. OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.-The will of
« alter I). Catton was filed for probate this
noon - It is a holographic instrument,
ana leaves all real and personal property,
including his interest in the firm of W. A. j
urace & Co., to his wife, Annie A. Catton.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alamcda County Happenings Told in
Uriel Chapters. -~
Oakland Office San Prajccibco Call,} \
»08 Broadway, Jan. 29. j i
The ?.\ Club will hold "gentlemen's!
night" on February li.
Deputy District Attorney church went to Sac- !
ramento to-day to pet requisition papers for
Menzenrneyer, who Is held at Victoria.
The Crescent Athletic Club of Berkeley Will
hold a "ladies' night" on February ti.
The opening of the fix duys' bicycle race in
this city has been postponed until' March 2.
The Reliiince Club is preparing for a "ladies'
night," to be given the latter part of Feorunry.
President Fitzgerald of tho Reliance Club
says the talk of an Eastern trip for the foot
ball team this year is premature.
The Southern Pacific Company to-day filed a
voluminous statement on a motion for a new
trial from the $10,000 verdict given Robert
Janseu some weeks ago.
The condition of Captain Moody, who hnd
his skull fractured last week, is somewhat im
proved to-day and hopes are entertained for
his recovery. His hearing is destroyed.
Tho masquerade ball of the Oakland Turn
Verein will take place at Germania Hall Satur
day evening-. Elaborate preparations have
been made for the event, and it promises to be
a great success.
Mrs. Julia M. Coleman filed a bond to-day in
the sum of $110,000 as administratrix of the
estate of her deceased husband John \V. Cole
man. The sureties on the bond are William
K. Goaa and E. \V. Hopkins.
The unique entertainment entitled "An
Evening With Tennyson, Dickens and Anthony
Hope," with illustrative vocal find instru
mental music, to bo given by Alfred Wilkie, oc
curs to-morrow nigh: at the Unitarian church.
The Y. M. C. A. athletes are organizing a
baseball nine, under command of Archie Mc-
Donald. Basketball tournaments are popular.
The awarding of medals for last year's work
will be done Friday evening at tho residence
of Alfred Brocn, athletic instructor.
The three Italians, Antonio Devencenzio,
M. C.hirunlelli and J. Lazaretto, were ar
raigned this morning on informations charg
ing them with the murder of Varni Felice. A
motion was granted by the court continuing
the time for defendants to plead for one week.
Another flre was discovered in Mapnes' dry
goods store last night about 10 o'clock, but
was extinguished before material damage was
done. This is the second tire in this store
within the past two weeks. The cause of both
was the dropping of electrical sparks on in
ilemmable goods.
Kegina Ainsworth brought suit to-d«y for
a divorce from her husband, Charies W.
Ainsworth. The couple were married only r
rear ago. The plaintiff in the case is oniy 19
years old now, and her fust matrimonial ex
perience lias been a bitter one if the allega
tions in her complaint ure well founded.
Supervisors Johnston, Pelouzo and Talcott,
constituting the Koad and Bridge Committee
ot the Board of Supervisors, went out to Red
iinyon Tuesday to inspect bridges which
suffered from the storm. They found that tne
rise in th« creek hnd been tremendous, drift
wood being lodged in the trees at a height of
fifteen or twenty feet.
Suit ivas brought to-day by P. Balfour, R. B.
Forman and Alexander GntErie against W. w.
t'amron, Rosalind Olemi c hire, John V. Clemi
shire, 11. I. Squire and the First National Bank
to foreclose a mortgage securing a note for
-rlJ.uiK) made December 5, 1839. The property
affected consists of six lots near Pleasanton
and 101.50 acres of land in the same neigh
borhood.
Ex-City Kngineer W. F. Boardman, now asso
ciated with the Oakland Water Company,
slates that the company intends to build a res
ervoir of 10,000,000 gallons capacity as soon
as the weather permits iv Oakland". He did
not know where the reservoir would be located,
but Uuew that its construction was decided
upon. He said it was needed as a reserve in
case of any emergency.
THE BOOTHS ARE TO GO
Official Information Sent to Every
Auxiliary Salvationist on
the Coast.
The Matter of Discipline Must Not
Re Viewed Frrftn a Purely Ameri
can Standpoint.
Oakland Office Bab Fkaxcisco Call,)
806 Broadway, Jan. 29. f
Some surprise was created among the
thousands of members of the Auxiliary
League of the Salvation Army yesterday by
the receipt by each of a letter from Mr?.
BalHngton Booth stating that the report
that she and her imsband had been ordered
toleave this country is true. Only a few
days aco the organ of the army on the Pa
cific Coast denied the report, but there is
now no room for doubt in the face of Mrs.
Booth's letter.
This news will be received with regret,
as while Mrs. Booth was at Dr. Coyle's
church recently several hundred of the
most influential members were enrolled in
the Auxiliary League. In San Francisco
Mayor Sutro, Judge Campbell and many
others joined the league at the solicitation
of the earnest young wife of the comman
der of the army in the United States, and
all looked forward to her future visits to
the coast.
The letters were all sent out from New
York and state that Commander and Mrs.
Booth are now preparing to leave.
The letter is replete with interest and is
as follows:
The Salvation- Army National Bkadqtjatbsso
120-1-4 West Fourteenth street, >
New York City. )
.*/■'/ Dear Friend : Both the commander and
myself feel that a; this time it Is only fair to us
and to you that we should write you a letter
explanatory of the newspaper reports, most of
which have been grossly incorrect and sensa
tional.
The farewell orders which we received were
by some means or other conveyed to the prc-ss
before the time we were j>repared to make
them known. This placed us in an exceed
ingly awkward position, as we had not suffi
cient facts to explain the matter to the public
at the time that tho press was already agitat
ing and sensationalizing on the matter.
We wish to state emphatically that we now
learn from international headquarters that
the orders for us to relinquish our command
are only iv accordance with orders issued to
other parts of the world at this time. Whereas
naturally the public of America are inclined to
look at this matter from the purely American
standpoint. There i« also its world-wide aspect
which makes it difficult to countermand orders
in any one country without affecting others.
We are in no way responsible for the re
marks in the press concerning the relinquish
ing command. We have stated that there is
no idea of nnglicizing the army in this coun
try, nor are we being moved from any reasons
of dissatisfaction in oar work.
Loving the American field ns we do, and
feeling intensely for the welfare of our dear
people and their glorious misMon here, we call
most earnestly upon all friends to help them
and stand by them at what must be to them a
time of triiii. We do hope and trust that our
friends will crove their love for the cause by
continuing their friendship to the movement.
We have never, in any sense, sought to make
friends for ourselves personally, but in every
word of pen and Up W« havacliampionod tiio
cause of God- and the army, and have striven
to Inculcate confidence in arm affection for the
movement in the hearts of our friends and of
the public.
In accordance with military discipline we
are preparing to fulfill the orders that have
been received by us, and our friends can best
show their confidence in us and their appre
ciation of our work by lovincly and prac
tically standing by the army throughout the
country.
Trying that the dear Lord's richest blessing
may rest upon you, and assuring you that our
hearts will ever be bound to yours, believe me,
dear friend, yours very truly, in loving interest
for America's welfare, Maud B. Booth.
Women to Work for It.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 29.— A mass
meeting of Oakland women will be held
Saturday afternoon at the Ebell rooms to
see what can be clone towaid securing the
Wilmerding School for Oakland. The tol
lowing ladies have been invited to act as
vice-presidents at this meeting: Mrs. John
Yule of Fabiola Hospital, Mrs. W. E.
Sharon of the Woman's Exchange, Mrs.
E. C. Williams of the Ladies' Relief So
ciety, Mrs. J. 1\ Ames of the. West Oak
land Home, Miss E. B. Norton of the
West Oakland Manse, Dr. H. P. Van Kirk
of the Y. W. C. A. Home, Mrs. Emma
Shafter Howard, Mrs. Remi Chabot, Mrs.
J. B. Scotcbler of the Oakland Benevolent
Society and Mr?. C. H. Islington.
To clean plaster of paris ornaments cover
them with a thick layer of starch, and
leave till dry. He move it with a stiff
brush, and the ornament should be as
clean as when new.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
NO WORD OF MISS PARKER
The Missing Girl Has Now
Been From Home Over
a Week.
WAS NOT ALWAYS HAPPY.
An Unfortunate Speculation in Busi
ness May Have Affected Her
Mind.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,'
008 Broadway. Jan. 29. f
The story of the mysterious disappear
ance of Miss Annie Parker of the First
Baptist Church, told exclusively in this
morning's Call, created a profound sensa
tion throughout the city, and especially in
chnrch circles. Although all efforts to
locate the missing young woman have
been redoubled, nothing has been learned
by the family and the affair is as much a
mystery as ever.
A. P. Parker, the brother of the missing
girl, has been telegraphing and telephon
ing to all points where it is thought any
information might be obtained, but he
learned nothing. The police on both
sides of the bay have received descriptions
of Miss Parker and several detectives are
following 'clews, but the case is so com
pletely wrapped in mystery that there is
absolutely no lead to follow.
It was learned to-day that Miss Parker
was frequently subject to periods of moodi
ness, although her relatives have not
noticed anything of the kind at home.
"Everything is as much a mystery as
ever," said Mrs. Parker this afternoon.
"Since Annie left, a week ago to-night, we
have been entirely in the dark as to her
whereabouts. We kept the affair a secret
as long as possible and hoped, of course,
to find her long before this.
"We cannot yet discover a single reason
that would throw any light on her disap
pearance. We can look back now and
think that we noticed some periods when
her mind eeemed to be engrossed with
something and she did not look particu
larly happy, but I do not think we should
ever have thought of it had it not been for
recent developments."
Mr. Parker furnished the following de
scription of his sister in the hope that it
might lead to her identity :
Height, 5 feet 3 inches; weight, 125 pounds;
brown hair and eyes. She wore a black sailor
hat trimmed with blue and a short black coat
with large sleeves. Her dress was of a brown
striped pattern.
Some of Mies Parker's friends said this
evening that the missing woman recently
started a dressmaking establishment that
did not prove the success that was antici
pated. This might have depressed Miss
Parker's spirits and have acted seriously
on her mind. The family will not discuss
the matter at all.
ATHLETICS AT BERKELEY.
Possibilities of Another Big Mccl
at Chicago Consid
ered.
Good Government and Progressive Clubs
Take Action Regarding a $200,000
Bond Issue.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 29.— Matters in
university athletic circles have begun
within the last few days to point very
strongly toward another big meet at
Chicago during the coming summer, with
the possibility of a second team entering
the list under the colors of the blue and
gold.
The letter received by A. W. North,
president of the Western Intercolleciate
Amateur Athletic Association, from Cap
tain Sheldon of YaJete track team Jast
week, expressing hope that a meet be
tween his men and the California boys
could be arranged for this season, was the
iirst spark which rekindled the tire of en
thusiasm in the breasts of the U. C.
athletes. Last year, when the California
team was in the East, they did rot meet
Yale at all, excepting in the Mott-Haven
games, and the prospect of arranging a
single contest with them for this year, as
well as with other teams, has awakened
much attention.
Heretofore it has not been possible to
determine who were the champion athletes
of America because of the fact that there
has heretofore existed and does now exist
an Intercollegiate Association, comprising
the colleges in the extreme East, and a
Western Intercollegiate Association, in
cluding in its scope about twenty colleges
near Chicago and west. President North
has suggested that the winners in these
two great associations meet each year to
determine not merely the collegiate cham
pions of a section of the country but of the
whole United States. The executive com
mittee of the Western Association lias
agreed to his proposition, and it now re
mains for the other association to fall in
line.
To-day a letter was received by the Uni
versity from John V. Crum, the noted
sprinter, who is now at Bedford, lowa, in
which he offers suggestions as to how vic
tory in the great National meet may be
made possible for Western men. Follow
ing is the purport of Crum's letter:
Being a Western man, I would like to sec
Western-colleges make better records in track,
athletics. I know that such things are possible.
The Western Intercollegiate Association meet
at Chicago. June 2, 1895, compared very favor
ably with the intercollegiate held at New York,
May 25, 1895, and the latter meet represented
ail'tho older • colleges in the country. Now
what I wish to see is a meet between 'the win
ners of the intercollegiate and the win
ners of. the Western Intercollegiate, and I
believe the .Western team can -.win, if
the Western colleges begin to train
their men at once. The East has the best hur
dlers, weight men ana long-distance men, but
our long-distance men are fast coming to the
front, and so will our hurdlers and weight
men if they give it their attention. The East
has the advantage in having older men, but
the West has the advantage in numbers, hav
ing a greater number of colleges from which to
choose. This meet will not bo brought about
unless the Western colleges unite and pull
together. The West has been successful when
they have sent their baseball team East— for
instance, Ann Arbor. Now, I have heard
judges say that several of the Western fool
ball teams would make the best Eastern teams
play, football to: beat them. Michigan has
proved this to bo true. .If this is true in re
gard to baseball and football, why will not the
Western colleges combine and take the win
ners of the Western intercollegiate East next
spring, and show that the : West amounts to
something in track athletics? But to , have a
successful meet the track captains must begin
work at once and the students must take some
interest. Colleges that have never taken any
interest should wake up and send a team to
Chicago. . .-■■•.-.'
I would suggest that the colleges pay all
their expenses to -Chicago and take the pro
ceeds to pay their expenses East. • *- : .
I em out "of college athletics, but suggest this
meet, as I think it will raise the standard of
Western athletics. If the idea is carried out
it would be the largest athletic meet held this
year. . " . ' .. : .';- "■ j ._• .
Xanc's Report. .-■ •■'.' '
■ BERKELEY, . Cal., ; Jan. 29.— Manager
Lang of the University of California foot
baHleam presented his report for the sea
son of 1593 this afternoon at t!,e meeting
of the athletic association. The report was
accepted by the association, as was also
that of Manager North^ of the Eastern
track team, which was filed several days
ago. The report of Lang was the first offi
cial statement of finances rendered since
the Thanksgiving intercollegiate game.
The figures show the receipts from last
season's games to have been $1832 80, as
compared with $5707 80 of the season of
18 ( J4, and the expenditures $4301 41, against
$5505 15 of the season of 1894.
The net cash receipts of 1895 were
$531 39, with $620 yet to come, while the
proceeds of the 1894 games were only
$260 65. The total profits of 1895 over
those of 1894 were $890 74. Following is
the itemized account as presented:
Coach and his expenses, $1120; carriages,
$67 50; physicians, $24; drugs, $117 50
equipment ot team, $412 76; entertainment,
$45; hotel, $333 45; manager's expenses. $25 ;
printing and pictures, $46; rubbers, $109 70;
students' assistants, $239 35; training table
and lodgiuey $1436 35; traveling expenses
and practice with Olympics, $80; telegrams,
$5 40; wort on grounds, $188 90; total,
$4301 41.
Net receipts— U. C. vs. Reliance, $161 05;
U. C. Freshmen vs. Stanford Freshmen,
$189 25; Cal. vs. Olympics, $134 35; Cal.
vs. Stanford, $4348 15; total, $4832 80; bal
ance on hand, $531 39; money due, $620.
Committees to Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 29.— Committees
from the Good Government Club, the West
Berkeley Progressive Club and other
kindred organizations will meet at Boone's
School to-morrow evening to discuss means
of creating public sentiment in favor of the
proposed bonding proposition.
Each of the several citizens' organiza
tions has declared in favor of bonding the
town for $200,000 to be used in the construc
tion of new schoolhousea and a wharf, and
now they purpose working as a unit to
carry the measure.
St. Mark's New Choir.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 29.—Arrange
ments are in progress for securing a choir
of thirty voices, ten men and twenty boys,
for St. "Mark's Episcopal Church. Rev.
George E. Swan, the rector, has icr some
time past been training a number of
singers, who will constitute the nucieus of
the proposed cnoir. Over forty singers
have already volunteered.
Forty-Four Suits Filed.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 29.— Forty-four
notices of action representing about 3000
feet of property have been filed with the
| County Recorder by the California Bridge
and Construction Company against the
delinquent property-holders within the
south line 3ewer assessment district.
ANDREW AND PHILIP
The Brotherhood's Annual Dinner
at the Alameda Congrega
tional Church.
An Alameda Shoplifter Caught Trying
to Make Away With a
Ham.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 29.— The annual
dinner of the Brotherhood of Andrew and
Philip, in the parlcrs of the First Congre
gational Church, was attended by 100
members, clerical and lay, lrom Alaraeda,
San Francisco, Oakland and other places.
Nearly all Protestant denominations were
represented. A reception was first held
from 5:30 to 6:30 o'clock. From 6:30 till
7:30 dinner was partaken of, Mr. Ross,
president of the brotherhood, presiding.
At the conclusion of he dinner the theme
of the evening, "The Divine Life of Men,"
was taken up, preceded ~by a short wel
come by Rev. W. W. Scudder Jr., pastor
of the First Congregational Church.
George "W. Scott, chairman of the social
committee, presided over the latter part of
the exercises.
Shoplifter Caught.
. ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 29.— Mary Mc-
Evoy, alias Margaret McKenzie, entered
; Ernst Bros.' grocery-store yesterday morn
: ing and slipping a ham into a basket that
j she carripd attempted to make off with
it. She was seen by Thomas Ernst, who
summoned a policeman and caused her to
be arrested. The offender proved a per
fect virago when the officer took her into
custody and conveyed her to jail, using the
foulest and most abusive language. She is
70 years of age, and the police say she has
been more than once arrested in Oakland
and San Francisco for drunkenness and
theft. She has lived in Alameda for three
months.
A Still Alarm.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. Instead of
having a grand jollification at the opening
of their new annex the Encinal Yacht
Club men came very near seeing the
whole establishment go up in smote. A
fire was Kept burning brigntiy in the fire
place of the new annex, and it burnt
through and set tho structure afire
on Tuesday evening. A still alarm
was turned in and the Fire. Depart
ment had a speedy run down to the
! foot of Grand street, but attendants at the
clubhouse, which is some distance out
from shore, managed to put the fire out
before it attained headway.
• Officers Installed.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Jan. 29.— The follow
ing officers of Ashler Lodge have been in
stalled: John Yablonsky, past master
workman: Richard Crooks, master work
man; F. W. Greeley, foreman; C. K. Mc-
Currie, overseer; W. I). Littleton, recorder;
Robinson Gibbons, financier; J. H. Eick
hoff, receiver; G. L. Birkmaier, guide;
John Dickson, inside watebnian; John
Ellsworth, outside watchman.
■Foreclosure of Mortgage.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 29.— German
Savings and Loan Society has foreclosed a
mortgage on property on Central avenue,
near Prospect street, in default of a note
given by Susan Hays and Anson Barstow
to secure a loan in the sum of $12,000. The
interest and costs have now swelled the
amount to $15,807. Mrs Hays is the widow
of the famous Texas ranger, and the prop
erty foreclosed upon is her home where she
has lived for the past eight years.
Ti«Bguo of "Wheelmen Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 29.— board
of officers of the League of American
Wheelmen will visit Alameda on Friday
evening, February 7. The event will be
one of considerable importance to wheel
men. The advantages of a membership in
the league will be duly explained. The
meeting will be held in Cyclers' Hall, Lin
derman Opera-house, and will be free to
everybody.
■ Death of a Pioneer.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 29.— Mrs. James
C. Walsh died early yesterday morning at
her home on Encinal avenue, near High
street. Her husband had been ill of pneu
monia, and in caring for him she con
tracted an illness which proved fatal. De
ceased was 68 years of age, and was born
in Boston. She leaves four grown chil
dren. The funeral will take place on Fri
day next. .--..- -_• --
THORNTON IS MISSING.
Disappearance ofaKecont Arrival From
Los Angeles.
C. H. Thornton of Los Angeles, who ar
rived in this City early last week, is among
the missing. He and a young friend
named J. L. Riggin occupied a room at
202)4 Turk street and one week ago yester
day Thornton left their abode and his
companion has not seen him since that
time.
Thornton's description as given to the
police is as follows: * Age 21 years, height
5 feet 7 inches, weight 130 pounds, light
complexion, with a slight growth of mus
tache. He wore a coat and vest of gray
material and dark-blue worsted trousers.
THE OLD MAN ELOQUENT.
Captain Healy Cites His Official
Record Against His
Accusers.
_— _____
NO KID GLOVES FOR HIS MEN*
Close of the Investigation Into the
Unalaska Episode— To-Day's
Programme.
"My services are a matter of record, and
I have no need to mention them."
Proud words they are, and prouder yet
they seemed when voiceu by Captain
Healy yesterday as he stood before his ac
cusers.
The investigation into the first set of
charges against the old captain is over.
These charges refer to alleged inebriety
and unofficerlike conduct on the captain's
part while at Unalaska in September of
last year. Ihe morning session was con
sumed in receiving the final testimony for
the defense.
H. N. Nice, agent of the North Ameri
can Commercial Company at Unalaska,
said he had seen the captain fall from the
wharf on the 18th of September. A num
ber of officers, with their wives and others,
numbering in all about fifty persons, were
on the wharf at the time. The witness
baa taken lunch with the captain and ac
companied him to the wharf. He ap
peared to be perfectly sober. After being
attended on the cutter Grant the captain
seemed to recover from the immediate ef
fects of his involuntary salt-water bath
and came ashore in a boat with Lieutenant
White, who walked with nim to the North
American Commercial Company's oflice.
W. O. Ditson, thirrt officei of the whaler
Mary D. Holmes, which was lying in
Unalaska harbor at the time, testified that
shortly before falling from the wharf the
captain boarded the Corwin, which was
alongside, walking over a narrow plank
which extended from the cutter to the
wharf. The distance from the wharf to
the surface of the water was about twelve
feet. He saw the captain fall, and thought
he had lost his balance. In all he observed
the captain's movements for about half an
hour, and discerned no indications of
intoxication.
Dr. Tnomas P. Bodkin, surgeon of the
Bear on her last cruise, said he did not
attend tne symposium aboard the Pheas
ant, but noticed Captain Healy going there.
He seemed sober then, at all events. After
the social Captain Garforth and other
officers of the Pheasant told him Lieuten
ant Berry had tried to pick a quarrel with
Captain Healy. Berry' 3 language was
characterized as very insulting, coming as
it did from a minor officer to nis superior.
Captain Healy seemed much hurt by
Berry's lacK of courtesy, and remarked
that if such a thing happened in the
British service the offender would be dis
missed forthwith. Though evidently much
incensed, Captain Healy's demeanor on
this occasion was that of a gentleman.
The witness further testified that he at
tended Captain Healy immediately after
his (all from the wharf. He found the old
man suffering from a severe strain in the
back. He displayed no signs of being un
der the influence of liquor. The witness
ordered the captain to remain ashore for
for nearly a week and submit to medical
treatment for his injuries. During the
trip from this port to Unalaska the cap
tain had suffered from la grippe and
from an obstinate congestion of the lungs
and was under treatment most of the
time. The witness emphatically denied
that he had ever treated the captain for
alcoholism, referring to a statement to
that effect as an unmitigated falsehood.
F. Wadsworth, first lieutenant of the
United States revenue cutter Rush, who
had been one of the witnesses for tne
prosecution, wa3 recalled, and in answer
to a question by the defendant's counsel
said he had known the captain for two
years and considered him in all respects a
competent officer, though rather too severe
in the matter of discipline.
The morning session here closed. After
lunch an unusual hurrying to and fro,
anil, if possible, a greater splendor in the
display of cotton gloves, gold lace and
other millinery, evinced that something
out of the common was about to take
place. As the afternoon session opened
Captain llealy took the stand and told his
story. He was asked very few questions,
being allowed to make his explanation in
his own way. At times during the recital
his voice trembled slightly and his eyes
flarhed with a fire like that of youth. The
mysterious, hostile wink, which had so
terrorized the tender heart of Lieutenant
Berry, was not called into requisition.
"I have been, in the United States reve
nue servicp," said the captain, "since
March, 1860, and have b en a seafaring
man for about forty-two years. It seems a
little stranpe after all those ysars to find
myself accused of unotficerlike conduct by
men whom I have formed. It looks as
though the surest way to gain an inferior's
hatred is to treat him with kindness and
indulgence. 1 know of no other way in
wnich to account for this combined effort
on the part of a few of my subordinates to
down me.
"On the evening of the 16th of Septem
ber, 1895, I accepted an invitation todinner
from Captain Garforth of the Pheasant.
Several other officers, among them Cap
tain Hooper, were also invited, and
formed part of the tratherintr. After dinner
we had a 'smoker,' and the sideboard of
the captain was at the disposal of his
guests. Lieutenant Berry of the Grant
addressed some impolite remarks to me.
I told him he was altogether too fresh, '
and hoped he would learn in time that
young and subordinate officials should
treat even their equals and inferiors, not
to mention their elders and superiors, with
gentlemanly courtesy.
"I think I also said such things wonld
not pass in the British service. I was
sober at the time, and here brand any
statement to the contrary, from what
source soever it may come, as a willful
and malicious lie.
"At the social in the quarters of the
North American Commercial Company,
on the following evening, I was not under
the influence of liquor, as ha? been falsely
sworn. A friend had warned me that
every word of mine wouid he noted and
every action watched. Then I realized
that, a conspiracy was on foot for my un
doing, and this thought grieved and an
gered me to such an extent that my man
ner must have betrayed the harassed and
disturbed condition of my mind. The cir
cumstances of my fall from the wharf at
Unalaska were as detailed by Dr. Bodkin,
who attended me. I lost my balance and
fell, because I did not, in the excitement
of leave-taking, look carefully where I
stood. Can that be an infallible proof that
I was drunk, against the word ol over fifty
witnesses?"
.When asked whether he was unduly
stilct in the enforcement of his com
mands, the captain replied :
"Perhaps I was. I have always done
mv duty as an officer, and I expect my
subordinates to do the same. However, I
do not recollect having treated any officer
with discourtesy during my entire official
life, and I have always worked harder
than the men whom I commanded. At
the same time, in the management of a
vessej, I allowed myself to be guided by
no other compass than my own, and did
not relish taking orders or impertinence
from my men, whatever their rank. When
I gave an order I did not smile, nor bow,
nor say 'if you please' ; and when I told a
man to haul a line, I did not have a
lackey near by to give him a pair of white
kid gloves beforehand.
"But no man could say I have pushed
myself ahead over the shoulders of my
subordinates. I have worked harder than
the best man among them. For 83 much
as forty-eight hours nt a stretch, when I
was afraid, as any sensible man would be,
to trust the fate of the vessel in their
inexperienced hands, I have stayed on
deck" to see the vessel through a storm or
pilot her throu-h some dangerous pas
sage. For two consecutive daja and
nights 1 have stayed alone in the crow's
nest on more that one occasion, suffering
from hunger and exposure, in order not to
fail in the performance of my duty.
"But no one can say that 1 have bragged
of my efficiency. Indeed I have never
needed to do so. " My services are a matter
of record and I am not obliged to speak of
them in order to bring tlieai to my coun
try's notice. In my reports there was no
big letter 'I,' was there, Reynolds?" and
as the old captuin put the question lie
looked the judge-advocate squarely in the
eye.
"Xo, captain," responded Lieutenant
Reynolds with unusual cordiality in his
expression and tone; "there was no 'l' in
your reports, and that was the only fault
in them. I am glad to have a chance to
answer your question, since my present
position renders it improper for me to
express my personal opinion of your ster
ling qualities as an officer."
A lieutenant and a young engineer were
introduced in rebuttal. They said the cap
tain did drink too much, whatever any
body else might say, and that Dr. Bon
kin's evidence was too much in the defend
ant's favor.
This closes the local procedure in refer
ence to tne Unalaska matter. To-day the
investigation into charges of misconduct
in this port and at sea will open. When
asked bow much longer the affair would
last a dear boy in a bewitching uniform
replied with a sigh:
"About two weefcs; at least I'm dread
fully afraid so."
OUT OF THE RED HILLS
A Queer Mining Region in the
Little Known Okancgan
Country.
Story of New Discoveries as Given by
C. S. Jennings, the Pioneer of
Coeur d'Alene.
C. S. Jennings, who has been for some
time in the new and little known Red Hill
district, in t':;e distant Okancgan country,
is in the City. The Red Hill region is
really a part of the Trail Creek country,
whose gold discoveries have attracted a
C. S.Jennings, Who Has Arrived From the
Red Hills.
good deal of attention during the past few
months. But it is a few miles this way
from the line of British Columbia, on
American soil.
"The Chawahwah River," said he, "runs
through the district, though until a year
or two ago nobody had ever heard of it.
There is also good pine and spruce timber
there. We are almost at the head of the
Chewahwah now, and only a couple of
miles inside Okanogan County, Washing
ton.
"The region is really a part of the Trail
CreeK country, whose gold discoveries
have grown important lately, many big
mines having been developed there.
"I have for a long time been interested
in Cceur d'Alene, Idaho, and was, in fact,
one of the first to go there. I have visited
almost every new region in that part of the
country, but never saw one more a'luring
in every way than that of Red Hill. It is
about fifty miles north of the Great
Northern Railroad."
Mr. Jennings, Sam Drumheller, the
Spokane banker, and others have lately
secured mining interests there. Mr. Jen
nines brought down samples of the ore.
"The district is a unique one," said he,
"and unlikje what most people would 01
--pect for a country promising riches 19
pretty to look at. 'it is called the Red Hill
District, because of the peculiar red color
of the hills thereabout. Mr. Drumheller,
myself and other associates have secured
ten properties there.
"it is not an arid region. Grass grows
all over the hills. The ore of the Red Hill
mines carries gold, silver and copper."
Mr. Jennings' home is at Spokane. He
will remain in San Francisco most of the
winter.
A Carpenters' Mass-Meeting.
At a meeting of the District Council of the
Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners last
evening it was decided to hold a mass-meeting
of carpenters of this City and Oakland on the
evening ot Saturday, February 13. The pur
pose is to discuss matters of interest to the
unions and the adoption of ideas and plans
that have proved successful in the East. The
carpenters are looking for a prosperous season
in tne building trades and it is the desire to be
thoroughly organized so as to oe up with the
times. An invitation is extended to non-union
as well as union carpenters to attend the mass
meeting.
The Shattuck Trial.
The trial of Jane Shattuck for the murder of
Ilarry Poolo was again Defore Judge Belcher
yesterday. Mrs. Ida Hildebrand told how
when she heard the shot and went to Mrs.
Shattuek's room the defendant said she had
killed Harry Poole and sho was glad of it.
Carl Eisenthimraei, a writing expert, identi
fied some letters, and Mrs. Marie Xewlands,
Poole's mother, told how her son had received
the letters whicn brought him to Mrs. Shat
tuck's house, where he was killed. ■
DAVIS TELLS HIS STORY.
The Board of Health Examines
the Market Inspec
tor.
WHY HE RELEASED SOLOMAN.
Some of the Points That Were Both.
ering the Health Officials
Cleared Up.
The Board of Health investigated the
sensational charges recently made by a
morning paper against Meat Inspector Ben
Davis, and while the latter had a bad hour
of it he came out with torn but flying
color?.
The charges were based on a transaction
that took place at the New City Hall some
time ago, when Milk Inspector Dockery
and Veterinary Burgeon Creely of the
board seized a cartload of calves which
were being brought into town by J. 8.
Soloman. Davis happened to come up
and learning of the seizure grew indig
nant at what he called interferencs with
his duties, and released the meat, saying
that it was all right.
Later he claimed that his indignation
was all feigned and that he had released
Soloman and his load so that he could re
arrest him in the act of seHinc it and thus
get a stronger case against him.
He declared that he had arrested Solo
man, taken the calves from him and deliv
ered them at the fertilizing works. The
main point made by those who were press
ing the charges was that it had been dis
covered that Soloman had sold Mark
Strouse ten calves, when if Davia had
seized three out of the eleven first found
in the wagon and Dr. Creely one, he could
not have delivered that number.
The defense explained this away by
producing a receipt from another butcher,
named Levy, showing that on the date of
the transaction Soloman had bought three
calves from him for $11. Soloman testi
fied and was corroborated by Strouse that
he had agreed to deliver ten ca!vi?s to the
Market-street butcher and that he had
therefore purchased them from a rival in
order to fulfill his contract. Davis' story
of the seizure after having once released
the butcher was corroborated by Soloman.
Soloman claimed that in spite of his ar
rest the calves he was selling were all of
sufficient age to make them lit for human
food. When asked why he had pleaded
guilty in the Police Court on a charge
growing OTit of the same transaction, of
selling immature veal, he said that he bad
done so to get out of the case as quickly as
possible, and because he did not wish to
get into trouble with the Board of Health.
Dennis Spencer, the attorney of the
board, and E. D. Crawford, the newspaper
reporter who wrote the articles reflecting
on Davis, cross-examined the inspector
and endeavored to draw from him certain
facts regarding the time he had taken to
follow Soloman to Strouse's market, make
the seizure, convey the three calves that
were seized to fertilizing works and return
to the new City Hall.
According to the line of their questions
he must have accomplished all this within
forty minutes. Davis claimed that this
might have been possible, but declined to
accept their estimates of time, saying that
as he had not consulted his watch he was
not at all sure that he had left the hall or
any other place at any certain time.
The board was evidently not much im
pressed by the evidence of the prosecu
tion, as shown by the manner in which
the testimony was handled, and took the
matter under advisement, promising to
examine the transcripts carefully and ren
der a decision at an early date.
y , V NEW TO-DAY.
Gladness Comes
With a better understanding of the
V V transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills which vanish before proper ef-
forts—gentle efforts — pleasant efforts —
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it 'is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness, without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
. chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep-
utable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of . good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa-
tives or other remedies are not needed.
If afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the roost skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
. £ BS FAIL c o
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading: Specialist,
Sr<( i:<s!-:r.LY TREATS ALL iiirunic
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary or^ti'-s, .rapture, piles,
varieoeeie, hydrocele and swellluir 02 the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual po.vor In either man
or wom>n. emissions, slceplessn?ss. mental worry,
bushfulness. inilin-,' memory and alt the distress-
ing ills resulting trom nervous Jebliity positively
au l permanently cured. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Stric-
ture mid that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever rnred. '
f WRITE your troubles It living away from the
•sity and advice will be riven you free o. 1 charge.
Address F. 1.. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Kxamlner Office),
San Francisco, C«L
1112
BUYING NATIONAL BONDS
Alfred Tobin of the Hibernia
Bank Is Busy in Wall
Street.
WANTS AT LEAST A MILLION.
The Bank Refused to Enter Any
Syndicate for Manipulation of
United States Bonds.
San Francisco is to get its share of the
new issue of United States bonds— pro-
vided the AYall-street syndicate does not
raise trie premium or secure the control of
the whole issue. At the present time
financiers are gathered in New York, all
imbued with the one common desire to
buy bonds from Uncle Sam, and for that
reason financial circles are deeply inter
ested in whatever transpires in connection
with the gigantic deal.
The Hibernin Bank wants to invest a
million or more in the new bonds, al
though its last dividend is just the same
as the interest to be derived from the Gov
ernment. A week ago Alfred Tobin,
attorney for the Hibernia Bank, went to
New York to mingle among the money
dealers. He arrived t.'iere Monday, and
has since been making a quiet investiga
tion of the situation in Wall street. His
mission is to secure United States bonds
of the new i.-stu-. and to do so at the beet
terms possible — that is, CO buy from the
Government without having to pay out a
heavy premium.
James K. Kelly, president of the bank,
Eaid yesterday that Mr. Tobin would be
guided by the board of directors in his ac
tions.
"The understanding at present is that
a premium of 1§ per cent will be charged
fvii the bonds," said Mr. Kelly. "At that
rate the interest would be not more than
about 3 1-10 per cent. This is a very
small return, it is true, but United States
bonds are always readily converted into
cash. In case of any unusual demand a
bank with 52.000 depusitms, as we have, it
would be necessary to control several mil
lion dollars without delay. Now, if cash
in that amount were kept in the vaults we
should have to pay the taxes of -'.25 per
cent UDon SO much idle capital, whereas if
invested in United States bouds it would
be exemiit from taxation. These are
points which we consider, as a matter of
course, in making investments in Govern
ment bond ? ."
"Then how can you pay 4 per cent?"
"1 am not certain that we will pay that
for this naif year. The dividend of 4 per
cent to depositors recently declared was
upon deposits up to January 1, 1896. No
one can say what the dividends will be for
the ensuing six months, for who can tell
what the tax levy will be? Taxes may
be lower this year, but there is no appar
ent reason now why they should be. So
if taxes remain the same I have no doubt
but that interest on savings banks depos
its will be still lower than for the last
term. We really did not earn 4 per cent
all round, although that was our dividend.
The possibility is that interest will be
lower in future."
'It has been stated that the Hibernia
Bant, through Alfred Tobin, was negotiat
ing to enter the bond syndicate."
"There is no truth "in that," Mr. Kelly
replied. "We are not uniting with any
body to manipulate United Stmes bonds.
Mr. Tobin is doing his business alone and
making inquiries as to vrhat premium he
must pay for the bonds. "\Ve will likely
buy $1,000,< 00 In bonds if we can get them
at a premium of 15 per cent or less; and if
jnucii better terms were made we might
buy more.
"These bonds are issued at 4 percent.
Now, if Congress was patriotic and de
clared &n issue at 3 per cent the President
could sell $1,GUO,OOO : OOO of bonds in the
United States as readily as $50,000,000 at 4
per cent. As it is the bonds are worth
more than their face value, though they
are ultimately redeemed only at that
value.
"We have not yet heard from Mr. Tobin,
but I can assure you he has nothing to do
with the syndicate. Mr. Kelly, ihe son of
Eugene Kelly, suggested our rafting with
him in buying bond", and he wa: desirous
of placing some of the oonds here in San
Francisco. We declined, however, so
even in this particular there could be no
syndicate."
SPORTS OF ALL KINDS
Railroad Commissioner Stanton
Had a Valuable Dog
Poisoned.
Handball Players Leave the Occidental
Court — Fencers Who Are at
Sword's Point.
Secretary Jamison, of the committee
•which had the recent benefit to Mrs.
Dempsey in charge, received a check from
the New York Clipper for $25 a few days
ago. Steve Brodie, Dick Fails, Robert
Jennings and D. P. Sullivan, of New York,
have also lorwarded donations to add to
the fund. The pugilists and sporting men
who refused to nelp the widow are: Cham
pion James Corbett, Robert Fitssimmons,
Peter Matter, Jack McAuhffe. Professor
M. Donovan, Tom O'Rourke, George
Dixon, "Brooklyn" Jimmy Carroll, Pat
Sheedy, Al Smith, Joe Choynski; Jim
Hall, J. L. Sullivan, Tommy Ryan, Gus
Tuthill, A. T. Lumley, R. X.Fox, Captain
Cooke, Phil Dwyer, J. J. Quinn, Billy
Meyers, A. .Kennedy, Charles Johnson,
Professor William Muldoon, Phil Casey,
Denny Costigan, Janus Biakely, D. C.
O'Malley, Solly Smith and "Denver" Ed
Hmith.
Some of the leading t. layers of the Occi
dental Handball Club have had trouble
with the managers of the court and are
now members of the San Francisco Hand
ball Club. It apcears that jealous rivalry
has been existing between the courts' man
agers, and recently some of the players of
the San Francisco ball court were invited
by two of the leading representatives of
the Occidental Club to play a few games in
the court of the latter. Manager McGlynn
took umbrage at this, and informed 'the
athletes who had extended an invitation to
outsiders to play in the Occidental court
that they had transgressed the rules of the
club, and must not do so again.
The upshot of the whole affair is that
James C. Nealon, John Bonnet and one or
two others have resinned from the Occi
dental Club and are now full-fledeed mem
bers of the San Francisco Handball Club.
This afternoon a very interesting match
will be played in the San Francisco court
between Bonnet and Hutchinson and
Nealon and Donnelly, best three games of
twen y-one ices out of live games.
Railroad Commissioner Stanton lost his
highly prize . fox terrier Judge on Tuesday
evening by oison. During Dr. Stanton's
absence from his office seme fiend stole
into the apartment where the terrier was
kenneled and gave the dog poisoned
meat. When the doctor returned he
found his faithful friend in the throes of
death and beyond all hope of recovery.
He applied the usal remedies in cases of
poisoning, but to no avail. He offers a I
substantial reward for the arrest and con
viction of the miscreant.
The Lincoln Gun Club announces that a j
errand biuerock tournament will be held on I
February 22 and 23 at Alameda Point.
The wind-up will be a three-man team
shoot, fifteen birds per man and unknown
angles.
The Mallard Gun Club is very anxious
regarding the whereabouts of its ark, which
left the Suisun marshes live or 3ix days
ago, in charge of its commander, for
Suisun. The members of the club are of
the opinion that Captain Jersey anchored
at the mouth of the Cordelia Slough until
the storm which ' has been raging for sev
eral days abated. President Boyer ex
pects to h»ar from the captain to-day, as
he does not entertain the least suspicion
that an accident could overtake the stanch
hunting craft so long as it was in charge of
such an able seafaring man as Captain
Jersey.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
will hold its next meeting on Tuesday
evening next at K. of R. B. Hall, Mason
and O'Farreli streets.
The finish of the big coursing meeting
which commenced last Sunday in Newark
Park will be decided en Sunday next. It
is almost certain that all who witnessed
the racing will watch the finish, as the
Newark hares have proven to be fliers and
wonderful stayers.
The following letter from Sergeant Owen
Davis is self-explanatory:
Editor Call— Dear Sir: I notice thst Baron
Ivan Malchin is arrogating considerable credit
to himself lor having defeated the imperial
fencing-master, as well as many other lesser
lights, in Russia. The baron asserts, also, that
I don't know anything about fencing and that
lam only a slogger. All right for the baron.
Please inform him through The Call that by
the time I get through with him at Central
Park next Sunday he may have cause to change
his opinion of me and wish himself back in
Russia with the imperial fencing-master and
the lesser lights. Yours truly,
Sergeant Owen Davis.
A SECOND TEST SUIT.
Los Angeles Wants the Primary I,aw
Decided and Accordingly Files
a New Appeal.
The Supervisors of Los Angeles County
have added another suit to the one already
pending in the Supreme Court to teat the
validity of the new primary law. This
second suit is an appeal from the decision
of Judjje Van Dyke, which declared the
law spec'.al and local, and therefore uncon
stitutional.
The case was filed in the Supreme Court
yesterday morning and was submitted at
once. The issues presented are more gen
eral than those in the suit of Getz against
the Supervisors of Sacramento County,
and it is quite probable that a decision will
be reached in the Los Angeles case before
the Sacramento case has been decided.
Judge Van Dyke's opinion is made part of
the record.
To be of any use the opinion in each case
must be in before to-morrow.
The original case was brought by Martin
C. Marsh ;m<i was for an injunction re
straining the Supervisors of Los Angeles
trom purchasing the ballot-boxes necessary
to be used in the primary election under
the new law. The injunction was granted.
GOLD EXCHANGE.
Appointment of Important Committees.
To Develop Properties.
An informal meeting of the Gold Min
ing Exchange of San Francisco was held
in Assembly Hall of the Mills building
at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, President
Walter Turnbull in the chair, J. P. Crosett
secretary.
The president announced the appoint
ment of the following committees: Ex-
ecuiive committee — P. T. Dickinson (chair
man), W. R. Smedberg, C. L. Hovey, Louis
Glass. J. H. Roberts; finance committee —
E. C. Godfrey (chairman), W. K. Flint, C.
J. Schuster: committee on mines and mmm
ing — John Uaevftt (chairman), George R.
Wells, I. R. Wilbur, H. D. Raniett and B.
F. Lacey.
Reports of progress were made by the
chairman of the executive committee and
by the committee on mines*and mining,
and considerable discussion was had re-
jrardine the plans for assisting and devel
oping mininjr properties and the prepara
tion of printed matter for public informa
tion setting forth the intent of the ex
change.
The committee on mines and mining
will hold an important executive meeting
to-night for the pyrpose of further devel
oping their plan of action.
Workmen are now employed fitting up
the rooms of the exchange in a very sub
stantial businesslike manner, and it'is ex
pected everything will be ready for busi
ness by the 15th of the coming month.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of theßftn Franti«c« Cam>
-710 Market strt-et, open until 12 o'clock every
nlgut in the year.
BRANCII OFFICES— 63O Montgomery strMt,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkiu street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opea
■ntll 9 o'clock.
1613 Minion street, open until 9 o'clock.
1)9 Klstb street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
, NOTICe »**" MI&KTIIiiGS.
5£TS= CALIFORNIA LODgTTnO. 1, F. a™"
I >■* and A. M.. will meet THIS /»*
I (THURSDAY) EVENING, January 30, 3?
at 7 :30 o'clock. Third degree. By order of r^ ry
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
Ct^S 3 DORIC LODGE NO. 216, F. AND ft
t»~*^ A.M.. 121 Eddy St.— Called meeting j9*
THIS EVKNING at 7:30 o'clock. Th r.l 2f
degree. Master Masons are invited. By/V^
order of the W. M.
ADOLPH KRONBERG, Secretary.
FP~2p OFFICERS ANDMKMBERS MMIMr
Ur***' of San Francisco Lodge No. 3,
I. O. O. F., are hereby not I dto attend r <S»SiF
the funeral of BRO. CHARLES H. <^v<i'.«« t ~-
ALLISON from his late residence, 21 De Long aye.,
THURSDAY, Jan. 30, 1896, at 2 o'clock.
J. N. FERKELSON, Noble Grand.
ijt^S* FRANCO - AM II IV A I .vvyj^v,,
*-^ Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F.-In-^?^^
itlation TH EVENING. Ail mem- =»>GSSr
bers are requested to be present. '-- P^
-.-'■ i -.- TH. SCHABIAGUE, N. G.
R. Lavioxe, R. S.
»^JS= VKRIJA BUESTA LODGE HO. .-mcir::-
»=^ 15, I. O. O. F.-lnitlation
THURSDAY EVENING. January 30. -^<S»^
Also final consideration of amendment -'^57iS\' 5
to the by-laws. E. G. HaKRISON, N. G.
M. S. .1 11 1 Eta Jr.. Recording Secretary.
K^S* GHAND CELEBRATION. \ ;
•>- iy Aim versary of llk ma. Palne's blrtl day.
Scottish Hull. H o'clock 8 a p. Addresses: Pro-
lessor C Wrig; t, U. Farm c Allyn, Dr. .1. L. York.
Music, songs, recitations by Mrs. Tenny. Robert
Akeln. Mrs. Tully, Miss Colman, Miss OhJl If Miss
I O'Brien, Miss .Stone and others. A good time Is
promised. Admission free.
IKS' THE OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF
&-*'' Golden Rule Lodge, Knights and Ladies of
Honor, are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
our late sister, MRS. MARGERY A. DUNL4P,
trom her late reside cc, 8 Fair Oaks si. on
THURSDAY, January 30. at 2 o'clock. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Electric cars.
P. DUNZWEILER, Protector.
F. Kemp van Ec, Sec.
Bt^s= THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
«**-=' of the stocknatders of the B'nal B'rith Hall
Association will be held at the office of" the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy St., San Francisco. Cal., on the 12th
day of February, 1896, at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
JACOB LKVISON. Secretary.
|!t^S= THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
s**-*^ of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company
327 1 Market street, San Francisco, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, February 5. 1890, at 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. T. Donahue, secretary.
TO LET— HALL AND club room's
E*-^ eventually to lease. 310 O'Farrel!. basement
SrKCI4.L. NOTIOKS. - ~~~
t*- 1^ sage. 832 Mission St., room 6.
*bS=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
«*-*' Collections made, city or country. Pacitls
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6, Tel. 6580.
KS" MHS. WALLACE, 109 POWELL ST.,
|*^*^room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
j£^S= MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
**^* y 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
[jfc^g= MISS PAXTON, MANICURING AND
Qr^y chiropodist. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, r. 12.
J^S=* - MISS HESTERS GIVES GENUINE
*» <cr massage treatment. Room 9, 122 Post st.
ft^S" CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KN I F K.
I "^^ Chlropodlc Institute, room 11, 906 Market.
|^S* WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
«» > * r " scrubbed ; reasonable rates: payment for
aamages guaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO.. 242 Sutter.
j BZg" ROOMS WHITENED, 91- UP; PAPER-
j IK*' ed« 3 sOuo. 31714 Third. lieow Hartman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
ATTENTION— A NUMBER OF '-VSCANDK
JV. navian second girls ami seamstresses are watt-
Ing for places at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 110
Geary at.: tel. Grant 185. ,
ADIES— C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 GEARY
XJ st., furnish good help short notice; call and see
us or phone Grant 185.
DANISH SECOND GIRL, WITH GOOD CITY
references, wants work. For particulars ad-
dress or telephone MISS PLUNKKTT, 424 Batter.
S( AM) 1 AY [ A GIRL, .WITH BEST OF
0 city references, wants cooking and general
housework. Address or telephone MISS PLUN-
KETT, 424 Suiter St.
RESPECTABLE WIDOW WITH 1 CHILD
JLV aged 7 years wishes position; good house-
keeper; city, or eountrv- preferred; references
given. Call or address MRS. A. D., 2840 Mission
St., city.
SITUATION WAN 'ED BY COMPETENT
English cook; middle-aged woman; is good
housekeeper; will work in neat family for moder-
ate wages; is kind to children; will do small wash.
Call or address 749 Howard st.
RENOH GIRL, SPE.AKING ENGLISH,
would like a situation to take care of children.
Address MISS DELSOL, Norton Tanning Com-
pany, Tenth aye., South san Francisco.
p OOD SEAMSTRESS, WHO UNDERSTANDS
vX making children's dresses, would like engage-
ments: 50 cents a day. Address C. D., box 39,
Call O«ice._
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS COOKING
VJ or housework in Jewish or, American family;
city or across the bay. Add. '1. A., box 87, Call.
IRST-CLASS COOK; THOROUGHLY UN-
derstands French and German cooking. Apply
1236 Bush St., near Larkin. .
IRST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WISHES WORK
'by day or month; best references. Address
14y 3 Twenty-fourth st. ,
tiIRST-CLASS STENOGRAPHER WILL
X work afternoons, very cheap; good references.
Address 8., box 63, Call Office.
ELDERLY WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK;
J city or country. 314 Jessie st., near Fourth.
T/lIKST-CLASS CHAMBEUMAII) AND SEAM-
-1 stress; thoroughly understands dressmaking.
108 Eighth st.
/ GERMAN AN WANTS work by the
VJT day washing, Ironing or housecleaning or
chamberwork in lodging-house. . Call or address
612 Minna St. - '_-*,
y young German girl TO do plain
• •cooking and general housework. Call 499
Uaight St., near Fillmore.
YV a nted BY respectable YOUNG
»> woman, situation 10 do housework In small
family; 110 washing. Call at 1117 York St., bet.
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth.
\\ruMAN WANTS POSITION TO PLAY
'» piano nights. Address Pianist, box 77, Call.
yOUXO GIRL JUST FKO M GERMANY
-I wants situation to do general housework. Ap-
ply 12 Eureka st., near Seventeenth.
"YOUNG GIRL DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
J. general housework. Call 1917 Filbert st.
COOT* II WOMAN WANTS SITUATION: UN-
-0 derstuniis German and American cooking; good
baker, laundress; also competent baby's nurse:
position: references. Call 228 Seventh st.
\\T O RHINO HOUSE KEE PER; WILL GO
" where there is invalid lady or children: good
cook; capable person. Call three days 924% Har-
rison st.
XPEKIENCKD GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
any kind of work by the day or do housework
$1 a day. 1928 Market St.. room 1.
■j IRL WAN A PLACE TO DO LIGHT
'• housework. Call 10 Lafayette St., off Mission,
bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
"OEFINED GERMAN GIRL WISHES A PO-
XY sition as nurse and a little light upstairs work;
coon preferred. 1234y 3 Bush st.. rear.
"VTEAT YOUNG JAVANESE WOMAN, WITH
-i-> city references; good cook; wants a housework
place. Call 110 Geary st.
\1 A I YOUNG COLORED GIRL WANTS A
i-> housework place. all 110 Geary st.
G~ MEN'S MENDING NEATLY DONE
VJ at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
OOD WOMAN, WHO UNDERSTANDS
kitchen work, dining-room and housework.
Apply 657 Folsom St., near Third no postals.
\ \ 'OMAN WHO CAN DO MOST ANY KIND
»» of work would like to go out from 7 to la.
139 Minna st.
youxo GERMAN- to ASSIST IN
X housework. Call after 9 a. m. 537 Geary st.
LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS HOUSE-
XJ keeper. 144 Fifth st., room 6.
\>Y SCANDINAVIAN GIRL TO DO GENERAL
JL> housework. Address 45 Sacramento st.
yur.N'.; LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
i. cook in hotel. Call 150 Fourth St., room 29.
STRONG, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES TO
do washing, ironing, housecleaning: or cooking
by the day. MBS. ROSS, 1151/2 Twenty-sixth st., i
bet. Mission and Capp.
PESPEUTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION
XL for housework and cooking in small family.
Call Hi' Sixth st. *
IDDLK - AGED LADY. EXPKRIENCED
housekeeper and good cook, desires situation;
best of reference. 224 Seventh st. ■
[ATOM. WANTS WORK BY THE DAY,
'» washing, Ironing, housecleaning, or will wash
flannels home. MRS ALLEN, 427 Stevenson st.,
near Fifth, rear.
V CAPABLE WOMAN AND DAUGHTER
take full charge of a lodging-house. 27 Minnie
St.. room 3.
V OUNG, REFINED GERMAN GIRL WISHES
A position as second girl and care of children;
city or country. Call after 2 o'clock at 1439 Polk.
\\r anted-family~se;wing~and CHIL-
" dren's dressmaking, $1 a day, or at home;
references. MRS. SHIELDS, 538 Ellis st.
I \RESSMAKER COULD FILL A i-EW MORE I
U engagements by the day: children's clothes a '
specially. 317 Ellis St.
"IiUIENCII LADY OF MIDDLE AGE WISHES
X situation as seamstress in family. Call bet. 10
and 2 o'clock, 1610 Mission ■;.
"V^OCNI GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUATION
X to do light housework and cooking. Address
720 Natoma st. •'■ .;-
WANTED- BY AN EDUCATED
'» American girl to care for and teach children.
Call mornings at 709b Hyde st.
ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG HE-
spectuble woman to assist with housework and
cooking: is steady and neat; kind to children; car-
fare. 270 Jessie St., near Fourth.
SCANDINAVIAN ( ; 1 1 1 1 , WANTS GENERAL
O housework: is a good cook: city or country.
Call 1239 Mission st.; Swedish church.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS HOUSE-
-I- keeper; is a good cook. 28 Seventh BU, r. 36.
COM PE TEN T YOU.VG WOMAN sills
\J place to do general housework in small family
American family preferred. Address 422 Austin
St., near Gough.
I^Y MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN AS
I•> housekeeper for widower with children or an
old couple; city or country. Call or address 820
Treat aye., bet. Twenty and Twenty-second.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES POSI-
i- tion to assist in housework. Address 3 Pfe.ffer
St., between Dupont and Stockton, Francisco and
Chestnut.
pOLORED WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION
\J in private family to do general housework. Ad-
dress 11 Auburn st., off Pacific, between Taylor
and Mason.
YOUNG ENGLISH WIDOW, 24 YEARS OF
X age, with a child of 5 years, wishes a situation
as housekeeper for a widower or a bachelor- best
of reference. Address A. D., 837 Folsom st.
YOCTNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X housework and assist with cooking. Address
138% Fulton st., near Van Ness aye.
Vl r ANTED— POSITION AS SALESLADY BY
» » young lady with three years' experience: good
references. Address W. T., box 83, Call.
KEFINED EDUCATED ENGLISH GIRL DE-
it sires a situation as housekeeper. Address D
8., box 23, CaU'OlUce.
GERM AN GIRL WANTS SITUATION" TO DO
' J general housework. Call or address 447 Te-
hama st.
TJELIABLE WOMAN WISHES A. SITU-
XV atlon as housekeeper. Address 1126 Market.
i~iE KM AN WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
day: washing, Ironing and bouse cleaning. Ad-
dress 1419b Mason st.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO
X assist in light housework. Please call at 327
Clementina st. (flat D) ; no cards answered.
RELIABLE WOMAN WILL REPAIR, CLEAN
-IV and press gentlemen's clothes; coats and vests
bound and relined. 114 Fourth st., room 15.
HP WO YOUNG GIRLS, SITUATION TO DO SEC-
X. ond or general house work; no objection to coun-i
try ; wages $20; references. Address 257 Clementina.
QITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
O woman as cook or housework in small family.
B. C, box 23, Call. . /%
KURST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WILL TAKE
X home sewing: suits made from $4 50 to $5. Ad-
dress 434 Linden aye.
p 11:1. WANTS A PLACE FOR HOUSEWORK.
VJT 8571/2 Bryant st.
pATHOLIC YOUNG LADY, WOULD LIKE PO-
VJ sitiou in Catholic family to do sewing and take
care of children; first-class references. A dress
seamstress, Woman's Exchange, Alameda, Cal.
SPANISH LADY WISHES POSITION AS
O housekeeper for an invalid or take charge of
lodging-house. Call 150 Fourth st., room 12.
OTRONG YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PLACE
O as chambermaid or bousecleaning by the day
Address II:. box 19 Call Office.
©Xn 1 WILL PAY TO THE „ PERSON WHO
«jp«JU secures fur a widowed sister a position as
Janltress in any public institution, or is capable of
taking any responsible position, c shier, matron
etc. Address Bio., box 37. Call OfUce.
GOOD DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE A PO-
( sition as maid or housekeeper in a family;
only lately from New York City. B. M. , 1802.
Polk st. ' • ;
CULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CfiR-
VJ tiileate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology, music. J. EL, care of
Sherman. Clay • it Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
Wl CHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market: 200 rooms; 25c. to *1 50 per night;
51 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
lree bus to and from the ferry. : .-■
"YOUNG LADY WOULD ; LIKE A POSITION
-«- as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 6.
....... ....
w^_!l_-Hi_-£P-^^ "WANTED— Continued. _
• "VTEAT, STRONG GERMAN^ GIRL WANTS
• X' situation as upstairs girl or in laundry. N. V.,
1 Call oiiice. box 108. ■ ■
r .SITUATIONS fEii-mALE.
1 If oiifT rst^cll^s^l^mlerlsteam stersC
. J- pruners. coachmen, gardeners or mechanics of
any kind send orders to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
• Sacramento at. - ■'■- .-"'•-*•'■
"P C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
' -*■ • branches :short notice. i 4 Geary. tel. Grant 46.
U.NTER „ CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
I Kearuy, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
; V- 1 office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farreil; tel. E. 426.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
O vldes best help. 314b Sntterst.; tel. Grant 30.
ITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
man as cook in hotel or restaurant; has hud ex-
perience In the pastry line: sober and steady;
short distance in country preferred. Address Cook,
box 121, Call Office.
fflfOftft EXPERIENCED EASTERN MAN
*iP*->\J\j. wants clerical position, cashier, col-
lector or otherwise; has money to loan, employer.
Address J.. box 23, this office.
. PRACTICAL COOK WISHES WORK' IN A
\. country hotel or in city, to board bis wife and
Child in same place. Address B. H., box 60, Call.
YOUNG STRONG MAN. 26(GERMAN),SOBER
x and steady, understands bricklaying and paint-
Ing, wishes any kind of work. A. L., 740 Howard.
TTONKST AND WIL ING YOUNG MAN OF
J— . 26 wishes employment in business, wholesale,
retailor manufacturing: experienced; good refer-
ences F., box 9. Call Office.
W anted— POSITION as PRIVATE SECRE-
"' tary or companion to gentleman traveling.
Address s., box 48. this office.
• MAN WANTS EMPLOYMENT WHERE
111. work Is not heavy ; some experience at nursing
and store work; city reference. Address D., box
167, this office.
ENERGETIC WINE TRAVELER WHO HAS
excellent trade through the East wants corre-
spondence with reliable house. Traveler, box 75,
this office. '
BY A YOUNG MAN AS BOOKKEEPER OR
-l-» cashier; beat of references. Address G., box
5, this office.
r|M> EUROPE— A THOROUGH, COMPETENT
-L and qualified nurse would take charge of 1 In-
valid person or act as valet de chambre; best ref-
erences given. Address Nurse, box 3, this office.
•yOUNG CARPENTER WANTS SITUATION
X on ranch or to take charge of private city or
country place or as watchman: moderate wages.
Address A. A. H., box 18, Call Office.
ANTED— BY A COMPETENT GROCERY,
' ' saddlery or hardware clerk, w.rk of any kind •
references given if required. Address F. H., box
142, Call Office.
DA NK~2B YEARS OLD, EXPERIENCED
horseman, wishes situation; understands cows,
gard 11 and general work: good references. Ad-
<l rjss Is. .>., box 23. this office.
ATION WANTED IN GROCERY OR
O dry-goods store by boy 16 years of ape; lives
with his parents; can speak German. Address F.
E. 1;., box 23, Call.
TAPANESE BOY WANTS A SITUATION TO
odo cooking; city or country. GEORGE O H
box 37, Call Office. '
pOACHMAN OR MAN ABOUT PLACE WANTS
\J situation In private family, city or country
best references. M. JACKSON, 128 O'Farreil st. '
C ITUATION TO TAKE CARE - >F PRIVATE
O place, city or country, by steady man: can
milk: drive. Address J. L.. box 142, Call Office.
QUOEMAKER WANTS SITUATION FOR RE~
O pairing work. Address A. L.. box 123, Call.
AN WANTS WORK IN HOTEL OR RES-
taurant to work in kitchen; good dishwasher-
will do anything. Address A. M., 705 Mission st '
care Adelaide House.
V AN INTELLIGENT YOUNG MAN, SlT-
uation us useful man, bullet or coachman, in
private family. H. H. 8., 1328 Pacific st.
BUTCHERS— ALL ROUND MAN WANTS A
situation- Apply 504 Elll* street.
A CTIVE YOUNG MAN; 19 YEARS OLD; LIV-
-T- Ing with parents; knows Spanish and English;
wants situation where he can learn business; has
worked at retail dry goods in New York: wages no
object. Address GEORGE, 24 Dorland st.
li- a 1 1 : D— BY YOUNG MAN OF 33. SOBER
' » and of good habits, engineer 10 years' experi-
ence, country preferred, farm or institution; en-
tirely understands steam threshing and power ma-
chinery and pumps, windmills, etc.: goodwood-
worker and blacksmith. Address W. 8., box 161.
Call Office.
I>RINTER, JOB OR NEWSPAPER, WANTS
X employment; city or country; moderate wages.
Address Printer. 2442. Dwight Way, Berkeley.
"yOUNG G HIM AN OF GOOD HABITS
-I wishes position where he can learn the trade;
security, reaponsib llty. Box 10*. Call Office.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — THE
-- V- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS. $15; YOUNG GIBUB TO ASSIST
housework, Sl2 ana $16: ranch cooks, $20.
Girls can find" good, situations at MURRAY «fc
READY'S, 634 Clay at.
117* ANTED— 4, SECOND GIRL FOR SMALL
»» family In country. $25: a second girl for
Jewish family In city, $20; nurse for Infant, $15;
cook for private family In Oakland, $25; a general
housework girl for San Rafael, $20: 20 house-
work girls for places at $20 and $15. Apply MISS
PLUNK ETT, 424 Sutter St.
WANTED— 4 GOOD GERMAN COOKS; $35
" and $30. Apply MISS plunkeit, 424
Sutter st.
VI- ANTED— 2 HOTEL LAUNDRESSES, $20;
• ' German laundress, priva c family, $2 > ; 3
German cooks, $25, $30 and $35: Protestant nurse,
$22; French maid and seamstress, $-0; cook,
boarding-house, *40, and a large number of girls to
till situations In city and country. i. F. CROSETT
CO.. 31_ Sutter st.
Pl.' llsi a 1 WAITRESS, PRIVATE FAM-
ily, $25 to $30: cook, $35; nurse, $25: French
maid, $25; housework girl, Salinas, $25; Oakland,
925; 12 housework girls, city, $20 and ¥25: 6
young girls, assist, 910 to $16. MISS CULLEN,
105 Stockton st. , Vv*.
RE 1•' I NED HOUSEWORK GIRL, SHORT Dls-
Uuioe. $15, fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
GERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL VALLEJO,
r $20. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
\\r A NTED-GE UMAX COOK, $30; 2 NORTH
' » German girls for second work and sewing, $20
1 and $25; French maid and seamstress, city refer-
ences, willing to travel. $25; 2 chambermaids,
assist waiting, $15. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
COOK, JEWISH FAMILY. $30: GERMAN
J cook, 4 In family. $25; German woman,
Vallejo, $20; gill, family of 2, $20; 10 girls, $15,
$20. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
Oft YOUNG, BRIGHTSALESLADIESONSAL-
-iV/.ary to take orders from house to house for
domestic articles; experience not necessary. U. S
Industrial Agency, 167 Crocker building.
ANTED— GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL
»» for light housework; 3 in family; wages $15.
29 Bartlett St., bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-sec-
ond. Call 9t012 a. M.. Ito3 p. M.
WANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN I
*» light housework; must sleep at home. Call at I
821 a Post St., bet. 10 and 11 a. m. ■
WANTKD- APPRENTICE for DRESSMAK-
ing; one living home preferred. MME. PI-
NEAU. 1010 Geary st.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL ASSIST GENERAL
J- housework; no washing. 813 Buchanan St.;
1 btitcber-sbop. - ■
; 1 ADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRESSINO,
-LJ manicuring and beauty culture. BUTLER'S,
' 131 Post st.
GERMAN GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN
VJ general housework. 737 McAllister st.
By ANTED— GIRL FOB LIGHT HOUSE WOBK;
: " good home; small wages. Apply 21 Van Ness. ,
0 ERMAN NURSEGIRL WANTED; REFE R-
VJ" ences required. Call to-day, 1305 VanNessave.
i pEKMAN GIRL for COOKING AND GEN-
■ VJ" «-ral housework; no washing. 604 McAllister.
y OU NG TIDY GIRL FOR GKNERALUOUSE-
• J- work. 9-9 Sutter St.; middle fiat. .
Gl : M A GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSK-
VJ work and cooking. 2120 Geary, bet. 10 and 12.
Gl FOR general HOUSEWORK,
small family; good home. 38 Hoff aye.
GERMAN GIRL, MUST BE GOOD COOK,
VT assist in housework, wages $25. Apply 2001
. Central aye., Alameda.
/ ■ 1 IRLS TO COOK AND HOUSEWORK;
M wages $-0 and $25. Apply 872 Broadway,
. Oakland, J. P. JOHNSON & CO. _^
' WANTED — A WETNURSE FOR 1 BELVI-
'' dere; Cull 47 Post St., room 6, 1 to 3.
GERM A N GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. Twenty- fourth and Diamond, in bakery.
OWE OB TWO FIBST-CLASS~FEMALE CAN-
vassera to-day. 1102 Filbert st.
~\y ANTED- YOTNO GIRL TO TAKE CARE
''of children. 1104 Seventeenth st.
WOMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
■ ' ' $12. 2252 Central aye., Alameda.
Girl FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK for
r Bmall German famil . 3401 Geary St., grocery.
WANTED GIRL TO, DO light HOUSE-
' ' work. Call after 10, 517 Fifteenth st.
i" V\r ANTED— LADY OF REFINEMENT FOR A
»' position of trust. Address box 52, Drugstore,
corner Eleventh st. and Railroad • aye., South San
■ Francisco, I'al. '.■ ■ "
P, A YOUNG LADIES IMMEDIATELY TO
. *J\J learn millinery; spring trade: materials fur-
-1 nished; terms reasonable; positions. 234 Taylor.
i WINCHESTERHOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
■■ " Market— Electric : lights lin very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per nleht; $1 60 to $6 per
week ; i bus to and from the ferry. * ■■; ' • •
Vl, r ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY; NEW
" term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Post.
\fISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
i'J- llnery cinss at her home, 14 Chattanooga si.,
bet. Twenty-first and • Twenty-second; special at
1 tentlon given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 3DC: MORNING
and ev'gclasses;lo lessons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
1 AWRENCE PATTERN . HOUSE— DRESS-
— -'cutt'.ng school. 1231 Market st.,Det. Bth and 9th.
I IRESS-CUTTING '■ TAUGHT, U. 8. TAILOR
XJ system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MOST C^O^TvirNi^Nl^AinrTrESP^ciFA^LET
J.'A Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus to and irom the ferry.
RESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell : pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
;*lALi_ UKLf . WANTED.
/71ARDENER, CONCRE^F^FIJOsITERr^TVVO
,V. farmers, miners, etc MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay su
"WANTED-PRUNER, $20 AND FOUND:
'» coachman, $30 nnd found; 2 more carpenters
and 1 machine blacksmith for Central America. $6
flay, silver; cabinet-maker for counir^; restaurant
waiter for country, 30: pantryman and porter,
z m- : o and others Apply to J. F. CROSETT & co.,
b2B Sacramento t.
tpRED KRETSHING, THE CO X, PLEASE
A, C J 11: second cook, country hotel, $45. C. R.
HAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
■\,[ AN AND WIFE, WITH" GOOD REFER-
ti » iS2S?fe f^^ private Pa ce - country, $40. C. R.
HAN SEN „ CO.. 110 Geary st.
HEAD WAITER, $60. C. R. HAN SEN _ CO.!
110 Geary st.
ANTED-GOOD COOK; GERMAN PRE-
*» ferred. Call 1817 Jackson st., bet. Franklin
and Gough. between 9 and 12 a. m. or 5 and 6 p. m
GERMAN CLERK FOR LODGING-HOUsE
vj with city references. Liudell House, Sixth
and Howard sts.
WANTED - FIRST-CLASS CUTTER! AD-
dress 8., box 73, this office. .■•'.■■•»• v/ :^
GOOD COOK; CALL EARLY. 1191 MARKET
' street.
ANTED— BARBER: STEADY. 757V 2 HOW-
"» ard st.
TNDUSTKIOUS MAN WITH $10 CASH CAN
J- secure steady, profitable employment Dy ad-
dressing J. H., box 90, this office.
BARBER'S COMBINATION CASE; MAGNIFI-
cent piece furniture; original cost $500; sell
for $175, or will divide for 2 chairs. STOLTZ
barber supplier, 630 Market at.
ARUER-SHOP FOR SALE— BUSl-
ness; running 4 chairs. Apply 507 V Hayes st.
fX7 ANTED—FOUR COMMERCIAiTtRAVEL-
" erstosell all kinds of riding vehicles, scales,
refrigerators and patented articles. 57 Chronicle
building.
PARTNER" WANTED— CASH BUSINESS; IN-
*- side work; no night or Sunday work; full iuves-
tlgatlon. Inquire Call Office.
MAN TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
_ Apply 519 Filbert st.
BARBER-SHOP; UPTOWN : SPLENDID SHOW
• > for steady barber; ciirars and lanndry more
than pays the rent. See STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
WANTED— IO MEN WITH 9100 FOR PER-
' » manent position in sawmill. 142 Va Fourth st.,
room 7.
900 BOOMS, 10c; 100 BOOMS, 15c PER
-»» night. Lindel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
KOSEDALE HOUSE, 821 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
Xt 20c to 50c night; 31 tos4 week; open all night.
"1 (lA MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOB 6c; CLKAN
J -" towel to each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14% Montgomery aye.
DABBKB'S OUTFIT: COMPLETE FOB 4
'J chairs; combination case; nil In oak; aseoodas
new; $250; or will divide into 2 chairs each, $250;
call; this is great bargain. STOLTZ, 630 Market.
Aft MEN TO GET A FINE KT VLISH, DU-
U\J\J rable calf shoe toorder.s2 50. 9-9 Howard.
WANTED— MECHANICS, clerks, LABOR-
» ' ers to call if they do not receive their just dues:
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
aucces-itul. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st»
TV EW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
-»-' Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night,
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED;|B
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
j)ARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
1 > female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant ave.'S. FUCHS.
WANTED— GOOD HUSTLER^ TO CANVASS
city and country. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2299.
BA REEKS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
_ secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238y a O'Farreil st.
VTEW GRAND, 246* THIRD; 200 SUNNY
Xi rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
FOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
try 13Vi Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
"OEST PLA' E IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
i> shoes, 726 1 /2. Uoward-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
ATEW AND SECOND-HAND SrtOES FROM
XI 25c up: men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
WHAT CHBEB HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
'• St.: 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms
20 and 25c a night, 81 a week: meals 10c.
"1\" ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed liolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150
large rooms: 25s per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO BELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
Is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
"1 /(A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
JH i\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington -St., near Kearny.
BEST IN Clf i— SINGLE ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per nigh:; 81, 91 26, $1 60 par week.
Pacific House .Commercial and LeldeadoriT ats.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
' » week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
\\T ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
»' steam beer, sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Cay st.
"\.|EN'S i'2-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c: DONE
-LU- while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I) ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-'
>-> mont secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
"|?»REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
-f also a bottl tot lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
_00 M K^''S SECOND-HANDED OES.SOME
— Uv nearly new, 25c to ifl 25. 562 Mission st.
KY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
JUST OUT: NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
ing shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
A GENT i . WAN i ED.
QOMETIiING _Ft ' ilr EL V NEW FOR
0 agents: ladies and gentlemen can make from
$3 to $10 a day. Apply 11 to 5 r. m., 1129 Howard.
pALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants good agents to work Its accident and
nick Insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
V. HANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
partners wanted. •
Partner' wanted— Tn established!
— safe, profitable bag business; experience not
necessary. Address P. 8.. box 23. Call. ' "
FURNITURE WANTED
pXsil PRICE : PAID^ FOR" FURNITURE." iX
\J COB SCHWEKDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th A sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID
X— second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.: call or send postal.
— ______ __________
BOOMS WANTKD.
"" large sunny room: unfurnished; north of Mar-
large sunny room; unfurnished; north of Mar-
ket st. Address North, box 77, Call Office
IpURNISHED ROOM WANTED BY QUIET
young man, within four blocks of Kearny st.;
private family; state terms. R. A., box 4. Call.
WaNTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
W ANTED- Y OUR WATOnTTir'TF'NisEDi
repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 12- Keurny st., third Moor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN, 109 sixth St.: send postal.
___________ _.
HORSE sT
T^oITsArEIjR'^THTNT^ isTtOAtv
-I ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic, C}ub Stable. For particulars apply at
MM sutter st. .
1 r ft SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND lI AR-
J. O\J . ness: ail kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
ORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hyde
ranch, 630 Commercial at. .. ..
DR. C. H. WESTPHA~L, VETERINARY SUR-"
teon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
Al\ HORSES FOR SALE: A~LSO~WAOON-J
rt\J buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. auction sales every WeKaet-
day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 00 SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALI.
IV/U kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts!
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
anted^tcTpu r7sh aVe^sjiallTcoTjn-
ter and shelves for a cigar-store ; state price.
Address MRS. K. VAUGHN, 11 Mason st.
|>K_LOWS, anvil, VISE. STEAM pump
J > small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
: O\J\J and prices from 25c per yard un J
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth!
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
IS'IA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNt
ture: call and get our 'prices: costs nothing
nset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell st near
Stock ton.
l 5 AR OUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTER'S
— > scales, etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st!
J7IIRE AND BURGLAR SAFK, LETTER-
X" press, platform scales and deak:cheap. 102 day
0" NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
\TEVV KANOES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-"
IV hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st/T
O"U NTE R 8, SHELVING. . SHOWCASES
V bought and sold 1121 Market bck 7th and Sta 1
LODGIWG-HOUSJJIS FOB SAI.E.
QQAA —CASH- —
<\Pi>\)\J 12-roomhouse. DECKER, 1206 Market.
OTEIi— 6O ROOMS. UAR, 50 BOARDERS:
payments. . DICKER, 1206 Market.
(£• OOX 10-R >).-\; HOUSE; GOOD LOCA'i ION:
— «J. 18roon|s; best corner in city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st 850
20 rooms; sunny corner; must sell 700
10-room house: very central 150
H. C. DECKER, 1208 Market St.. cor Taylor.
m»"l OH A 40-ROOM EfOUSE, NEAR THE
<PIZUU. Baldwin. PECKER. 1206 Market.
/•A ROOMS: FINE CORNER; WORTH $5000;
UU $2000 will buy It. See DEfKEK, 1206 Market.
"T McLEAN, 777 MARKET ST., BOOM 7.
A. 14 rooms. Mas n st., clears $50 $525
11 rooms, Powell st., clears $75 .: 650
22 rooms, .Market St., clears $76 60-
-12 rooms, Third's., clears $50.. 450
22 rooms, best location, clears $60... 560
12 rooms, best location, clears )?30 22.
16 rooms, best location, clears $45 260
00-ROOM HOUSE; WELL FURNISHED;
—— < fu.l steady roomers; center of city; rents:-! 7:
party leaving city. Add. J. M., box 73, this office
.)•] ROOMS; owner OBLIGED to leave
—X tin important business; any reasonable offer
will be accepted. Address Ituoms. box 29, Call.
1- I iiN. It i.t: I'UiX SALE.
sale cheap. Inquire Hotel Langham.
WE WILL MOVE FEBRUARY 1- —
Previous to movluc to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) 76c
English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SHIREK & SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
HG. K BASK Y ,~ FURNITURE AND BED-
• ding; new folding-beds, .-9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; lurniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
REDUCTIONS ON LARGE iTOC'K, NEW AND
J-V second-band; 400 carpet* good as new; oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 25c.
ranges, $6; cash or installments; goods shippeJ
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
CAKPKr CLEANING.
CA RPETiS cTeaNED~~Xn^D^UejToVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
MITCHELL CARPET cleaning CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. ; STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
JMcQUE CARPET BEATING AND RES-
• ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
TVTATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
IV mating Works HAMPTONABAILLY: layinj
md altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 2 U
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car
ret Beating Works. 363-7 Tehama: lei. So-40.
/ tONXLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKa Hi
W Golden <;ate bv>. : telephone east 126.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. JiTC.
ARGAIN^NEARLY NEW ELEGANT ijP-
right piano: must sell. 1520 Eddy St.
IN OtR GAIN-ROOM YOU WILL FIND
X several fine squares from $40 up; an upright at
$50: one at $75: an elegant larg> beautiful one at
$168 85; others at. $190, $245, etc.; 100 new
pianos to select from. THE J. DEWING COM-
PANY, warerooms. second floor, Flood building.
T AROE UPRIGHT OFFERED FOR $85 FOR
XJ immediate sale. Room 21, Flood building.
\{ AGXIFICENT CUICKERIG PIANO; ELE-
■I'X gantcase: cash or installments; owner leav-
city; must be sold. Room 10, Flood building.
T^INE STEIN WAY; NICE CONDITION: ANY
X' reasonable offer secures it. Room 21, 809 MKt.
SEVERAL BARGAINS IN PIANOS TO-DAY".
The Zeno Menvals M uslc Company, 769 Market.
PIANO GIVKN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY NO
charge. Particulars at BRUENN'B, 228 Post.
AINES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush <fc Gens' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St.
pONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
V^ great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PAN V, 338 Post st.
©1 "1 A BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
«IpXXV/. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO
16 McAllister st. ; v-, „, , ,
Y ew UPRIGHT PIANO. organ, FOLDING
-»-> bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
piANOS^ ~ —
X Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. 735 Market st.
C*HICKEKING,KNABE,STECK.VOSE.STER-
\J ling pianos: see our n w piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farreli.
GREAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
U Piano House, 216 Post *t.
\V"M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
' » rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
fend organs sold for cash or installments.
B HEW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling piano 3 has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it- please call and
have It exclained. SHERMAN. CLAY <fc CO.
corner Kearny and Snr.ter sts.
S*t I rrr CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<IP-»- 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEINWAY.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farreli st.
ASY TERMS ;;LOW PRICES. KOHLER~&
CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIoLINs, ZITHERS. OLD & NEW
O H. MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMKR,
O $237; Wily, $125: squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
s\ grade T. L. Neumann piaaos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth si.
PKN FOR BUSINESS. ~" '
The finest line of . new pianos for rent and sal*
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post,
age free. . '
«LAIItV<)YANT!>.
rraiSr^TYSTiCA l ii a hatm a?"" "^ '
X PROF. ZAUZIC acquired a strange power
known as
SOMNOMANCY,
And by the exertion of this weird force he is en-
abled to give tests that surpass the wonders accom-
plished by
CLAIRVOYANCE.
HYPNOTISM,
SPIRITUALISM,
OR ANY OF THE KNOWN OCCULT FORCE*
He possesses a power which enables him to por-
tray in an interesting manner the secret of the past
and in his
"SOMNOMATIC
'^•-. DREAM?"
To predict with accuracy the future. This Is no
Cheap John affair or catch-penny humbug, but a
science true and reliable. By consulting him you
will be able to avoid obstacles and be aided to suc-
cess. Sittings 60c. Satisfaction guaranteed
313 Mason St.; hours, 9 to 8 p. m.. Sundays in-
cluded. '
V| ME. . STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM: THE
A»»- greatest card reader and clairvoyant In the
world; seventh daughter of seventh daughter-
ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market , parlors 3 and 4.
L UT~URE REVEALED; HOROSCOPE, 60c;
X send 10c; date of birth for planet, etc.; read-
ings. 25c. PROFESSOR MONROE, 1129 Howard.
MME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races: names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
pLAIRVOYANCY, PALMISTRY.
\J PROF. LEON, wonder of the age, has no equal-
valuable advice love, bnsinesa, speculation macic
charms. 633 Post st., 9to 8 dally; also Sunday.
BEST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents; 25c. 206 Fourth st.
ADAM PORTER, CARD-READER; TELLS
the past, present and future; ladies 50c gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $1 50 126
Turk st., near Jones.
S" TAKLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 6. 865% Market."
Vf me. MOREAU, BKST MEDIUM: REVEALS
IU-paat, present and future ;25c up.764 Howard st.
MM E. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life past,
present, future: consultations on all affairs-' noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice- gnre
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee $1; letter $2. »29 Post st., nr. Larkin.
AUGU-TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER-
-ci. magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling-
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms-
lee $1 and upward. 2;-l-ti Mission, nr. Twentieth!
si'ikituaEism.
rpo-NIGHT — KATIE HUESSMANN's" TEST
X meeting, 793 Stevenson, off 9th, 10c; sittings $1.
mO-DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK ; MRS. 31 AY - . STEERS":
X ladies only; readings daily. 101 Grove st.
TEST CIRCLE To; NIGHT: 1(1 ■ MME"
YOUNG, 605 McAllister St.- sittings dally.
O.OA TO-DAY, AT 110 HAVES ST.; LADIES'
£ O\) Aid benefit." MAUD LORD DRAKE; 10c:
EETURNKD, MRS. J C. MEYER. TRANCE
Xi< business medium: cir. Mod., Fr. 2514^ Sutter.
TTyPS Y~P' A l i.M I ST- sITTI x ( ; s dailylsun"-
VJdays Included), 25c. 946 Mission st. ; bra. 10 10 9.
MRS. J. J. .WHITNEY, -CLAIRVOYANT
tr .nee medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
•■' HYPNOTI aT
HYPNOTISM OR MES^IKTTI^M^T^ATaHT^
Four (4) different methods taught in four
weeks' time. A rare chance lor physicians, stu-
dents of science or those Interested In its therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved if not cured. None taught but those fur-
nis Ing first-class reference or recommendation"!
Correspondence solicited. Address J WIRT «'Ti-.i."
MINGS. Ph. (i.. box 121 Call Office.
— — - •. - PASTE . A6fc~ — — — -
TjIIRST-CLAS^TA^TTJRXaETTLE"NTY^OF
318 W ua e rkec n st. feed yearround - ?• W. LUCY,
BTTSTNKSIS CHANCE^. -.^.^.-^.-^
TVTOTICE~^TO SELL YOUR' BUSINF;SS
Li promptly for cash. H EALY & CO.. 23 Kearny.
1 -r\ SPLENDID ROUTE; PAR TNEE
-10U. needed to deliver good's and da collect-
ing; clears $150 per mouth. HE.iLY, 23 Kearny st.
&rrrf\ BAKERY ACROSS THE BAY ;BAK-
$> 1 D\J . ing 6 barrels per day ; 2 double wagons;
1 horses- bes cias3 of custom: rent 3o: proprietor
is owner of oroperty. and is retiring from business;
$350 cash, balance to be paid out of profits of busi-
ness; clearing $17& month. MEALY, 28 Kearny.
$- co is. sa i.oonTne ar terminus
t> I 0. of railroad; handsomely ritte.l up: doing
good business; call to-day. itEALY, 23 Kearny st.
jan/JAA RESTAURANT NEAR FACTORIES
>_l()UU dong a business of $5J per day; 4,
rooms: building Included in sale: so such bargain
ever offered for sale: best of reason for selling.
Apply W. F. HEALY A C 0. ,.23 Kearny st.
IOC/1 GROCERY AND BAR: FINK COR-
•iJ^uOw. ner; established 25 years; sure business:
•.rood horse and wagon; a great bargain; owner
,-oing to Europe. Apply A. McI.EAX, 777 Market
St, room 7. .
«»AA PARTNER WANTED IX fIRST-
OUtf.. class cash business: owner will guar-
antee as pavins clear over $200 per month; trial
a. lowed before buying. Apply A. MCLEAN, 777
Market St., room 7. ■ .
©O^A SALOON; BKST BUSINESS LOCA-
>JZi)U. tion: handsomely fitted up; 2 fur-
nished living-rooms: well stocked: worth twice 'he
amount asked; offered at a sacrifice: owner lea
ing the city. Apply A. MCLEAN, 777 Markets:..
i room 7.
$ICZZy(\ FINE PAYING LOON AND LOuG-
\)O\J . ing-house of 18 rooms, bath, eta ; a sure
barga n. JOHNSTON, 26 V 2 Kearny st.
© 1 PvA PARTNER IN ESTABLISHED MAN-
»JSIOU. ufacturlug business. JOHNSTON, 26y
Kearny st.
_■ -J-)X A SNAP. CORNER THIRD STREET,
>JlOwi). saloon, near Market: big stock: good
ti.xtnres;cneap at 8850. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny.
i^AA RESTAURANT; A BIG bargain;
rOUU. one block north of Market: receipts
$35 to $40. JOHNSTON, 'JKU Kearny s ■
L^lNl. CIGARS I -ORE UN IVI.A n.» V, --EAR
X 1 Market st. JOHNSTON, 26V<| Kearny st.
IVTHEN YOU ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
» » era and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. JOHN KICIuY & CO., 13^ Sixth st.
VMNE SALOON DOING GOOD BUSINESS IN
V coi/nectlon with lodging-house of 10 elegantly
furnished rooms; splendid location: must be sold;
owner going East. RE ; DV & ('<>., 13y 2 Sixth st.
>£• I nil *'INE saloon: I.li; bargain;
•iP±"U. owner -.rent $10. REIDY. 13V 2 6th.
©O/|A SNA P;' RESTAURANT; MUST SEHI
«IP— 1 •U. at once: present owner .1 years: central
location: good trade: lie; bu-ines»-can be done
here. STANLEY. 9 Geary St., room "2.
(£»QXA A SNAP; PARTNER WANTED 131-
-»3)O«JU. mediately; light manufacturing busi-
ness; worth $800; duties light; short hours: clears
$100 a month cah: can be doubled. STANLEY,
9 Geary st., room 2.
ffl» Arr r GROCERY - STORE — GOOD BUSI-
<Jpa I «J. ness; good location : good stock; great
bargain.' 11. SI LEY, 9 Geary st., room 2.
i> UK AAT : Al LOCATION; WILL SELL
It at a sacrifice; Investigate. LYNCH A Co.
935 Market st. -
SALOON; FIRST-CLass; .^iuAii is ... .. ..n
0 Hotel: doing good business. LYNCH it CO.,
836 Market st. .
3TT7w"T RESTAURANT; BAKERY COX-
<JpTv/\/. nee ted; best business street, north
Market; must sell: retiring trom business. STKN-
It. KG CO.. 632 Market.
PARTNER LUNCH PARLOR: RE-
OiiUl'. ceiptss2s; week's trial. STENBERG
it Co., 632 Market st.
AK..RY. COFFEK PARLOR; VEi'.Y BEST
location; finest fitted-ui> place in city: has very
large counter and outside trade; positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
rifice. STENBERG &CO . 632 Market St.
JS/<nn CIGAR -STORE; NEAR MARKET;
•ipOU". receipts average $15: full value 111
stock, fixtures: leaving city. STENBERG CO,
632 Market st.
QJ. nnr BRANCH BAKERY, DELICA'I I
*&Zi£Om store: Western Addition; living-rooms;
new stock; suitable for man and wife. SI'EN-
BERG & CO., 632 Market st.
461 AAA BAKERY, NORTH OF MARKET,
*3>XUv/U. baking 21,2 barrels dally; 2 horses,
wagons; weekly receipts $150; 5 living-rooms;
cheap rent; lease: nooppositton; bargain. STEN-
BERG <fc CO., 632 Market st.
PARTNER WANT D IN A FIRST-CLASS
1 saloon, DECKER, 1206 Market st.
<Si/l A - $450. ■
Q'X- V. Saloon. DECKER. 1206 Market St.
Ql^l) CORN ER CIGAR-STORE; FINE FIX-
<2S 1 O"'« tures and stock: no night or Sunday
work. ADply to PIERCE, 22 Kearny ac
T<» BUY. SELL OK EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind see STP.AN D & CO., 45 Third st.
&AJ tfk PABTNEB IN CORNER SALOON;
etpjc^'i/. moat central location clean $100 per
month each. STRAND, 45 Third st.
C|]7^ SALOON MiN, ATTENTION —
»U)i I *-*• Saloon, No. 1 location: pays weli ; cheap
rent; actually worth double. STRAND cV CO., 43
Third st. - - •.. ' .
s: V'7 'S 'iMii Kit V AND BAR, WITH 4
O — • «-*• rooms; full value; rent $22. STRAND,
45 Third st.
QQAA SALOON. WITH 5 ROOMS; BAR-
<SPO\J\J. gain to-day. STRAND, 45 Third st.
<2 A rjr RESTAURANT: OPP. CARHOUSEi
«Jp"± 10. pays well. STRAND, iS Third sU
<iQ?LA PARTNER IN A RESTAURANT:
'^i)')\J. clear $75 month each. STRAND, 45
Third st.
\ir ANTED— BOY HAVING EXPERIENCE IN
'» drugstore. Address Pharmacist, box 91, this
ollice.
<&9^n CORNER SALOON: FIRST-CLASS
<<P+.*J\J. location; with living-rooms; rent $15;
actual value $600; partners want to separate. in-
quire 533 California St., Pb.i-nix Bar.
'-i( \(M \ PARTNER; DEALING WITH
'1 Ov/V'V/. tanners; money invested in busi-
ness; full Investigation; will clear $3500 overin-
vestment to each this season, and likely more.
$20,000 -Stock security: business man preferred;
money required to rill large orders- principals
only: no agents. Add. R. C, box 90, Call Olhce.
]\TOTICE-BARRETT & SKIFF HAVE RE-
-•-> move their real estate office to 921 Market
St.. opposite Mason, room 1.
YV IDOW OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
'' partner in good paying business. 202y 3 Turk.
STORE AND FIXTURES JfOB SALE. 708
Market st., near Kearny.
OAKERY FOR SALE AT 2007 HYDE ST.
-"
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
-I Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
¥OAA PARTNER FOR VARIETY THEA-
*IOwuU, ter and bar. Inquire 633 California st..,
Phoenix Bar.
OLD ESTABLISHED LUNCH COUNTER,
restaurant and oyster parlors in unsurpassed,
locality; for sale cheap, for cash; if taken immedi-
ately; account of selling, departure. Address H.
B-, box 64, Call Office.
Cj^^llfl INTERIOR AGENCY' OF THIS
isOO\t\J. paper for sale: $150 to $200 per
month, inquire this office.'
*k(U in SALOON near theater, NORTH
<jpUW7. of Market st.: handsome place; select
stock; big trade; bargain. Business Exchange,
873 Vi Market st.
QMAAA CORNER GROCERY AND "b.\ EL
riPIUUU, with living-rooms, in Western Addi-
tion; rent. $26: owner kept place ten years. Par-
tlculars at 633 California St.. Phcenlx Bar.
' ) PL f\ BOARDING AND LODGING house
•iP^iuxj. lor sale; account of death; good bar-
gain; house full of boaraers. Inquire 224 West
Market at.. Stockton, Cal.
BUSINESS MAN. AND WIFE, COMPETENT
in baking, making bread and cooking, can se-
cure an established trade for a trilling sum. Apply
at this office.
(j>7~n BUTCHER BUSINESS, SELLING i
•IT • OKJ. beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hogs, 500 pound*
veal a week: rent $14; 4 living-rooms. Inquire at
452 Tehama a;., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
T ODGING -HOUSE AND FRUITSTORE
XJ good opportunity forfamily: large yard- year's
lease; price $200. 3129 Sixteenth st.
0£ 1 Zyfi PARTNER IN BIG PAYING BUSl-
i3>i-*J\J. ness. Address Partner, box 57, call.
GROCERY AND BAR FOB SALE- GOOD
\T reason for selling. lf>s2 Folsom st.
S;V /~w an rTcH BAKERY. CANDY", ST A~
HP — — it. tionery store; 4 living-rooms- rent $18-
-no agents. 341V^ Fifth st. * 18l
Q A LOON FOR SALE; GOOD LOCATION: 772
O Harrison St., or see boss 427 Fourth.
©OKA COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE- DAILY
$)OO\J. receip-.s $15; 4 living-rooms. Call Office.
W ANTED-PA KTNER FOR" SALOON BUSI-
'» ness; must have some ready cash: good i.nv-
Ing place; best location. P. a., box 59. CaUOfiice.
GROCK.r.Y AND SALOON FOR SALE- NEW
IJs ock ; good reason for selling. Apply 223 15th.
TpOR SALE-HOTEL; 54 ROOMS; NICE B* It!
X 1 bigd.ning-rooni. good reas onsfor elling: cheap
if sold at once, For particulars call 923 Battery it.
OLD- ESTABLISHED CIOAR-sTAND FOR
sale; cheap. Applya^atand. 777 Market s".
PARTNER WANTED IN GENERAL COM-
X mission business, handling diftere it lines of
poods: preaer, proprietor constantly traveling ,iui
needs ■ partner to lake charge indoors- canUal
quired about .fSUOO, to go rely intotheboslnew
Address Commission Merchant, box 47 ?h". B^"'
BAKERY AND NOTIONS; CHEAP- RENT
$8; no agents. Inquire th 3 office' ■ '
A WEEK'S NEWS , FOR 5 "cEXTS := prH
A WEEKLY CALL. in *&£*£?£ mallint;.
Bit'lCLEs.
\\riNl)s6lß~B?cVcLEV r sTltir'riviiir.i
• TO LEASE - ■
TO LEASE-50 A<:RES: IMPHOVPn- p-t m
1 hum. Owner, 1176 Bast Fourteenth st.?6a WandHOTJ3KS TO LET.
O UNNY B-BOOM HOUSE; 108 VAN KKSS
*■ aye.; sanitary plumbing: rent reasonable to re-
sponsible tenant. Apply ASTON & ELDRI
toSS Market st.
Q C NNY HOUSE: 11 ROOMS AND BATH;
WJ $35: water free; Fell St., near Van Ness aye.
B. P. OLIVER, 114 Montgomery St.
QQ FOUR GOOD ROOMS WITH CELLAR
'. «'• to a small family, 24 Chesley st., off Ham
BOii, near Seventh. Apply 940 Bryant,
OUSE 2-STORY FRAME, 7 SUNNY KOOMS
-*-! and bath, yard: 216 north side 18th St., bet.
* apn st. and Howard; rent $25. Apply to D. B.
Bo\V LEY, agent, on tha premises.
421 POWELL HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS.
HOUSE OF « ROOMS AND BATH. 225 POLK
St., one block from New City Hall. •
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH: BTABLB
for horse and wagon; large cellar; 159 Erie
St.. between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, near Fol-
som; rent $18. MADISON A BURKE Market,
999 x post, bet. SCOTT AND devisa-
— til tut dero— House, 6 rooms; bath; basement;
garden, stahle. driveway.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS: RENT $16. 18 GAK-
den St., bet. Sixth and seventh, Harrison and
Bryant.
HOUBE OF 6 BO< M - AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.: rent $16. Apply 28S8
Mission.
Q A VED— DOLLAR'S. DIMES AND NICKELS
O by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
MOND 10 Montgomery st.
KVKSJSHED HOUSES.
"1 Q"l 9 LARKIN, NR. CALIFORNIA— FUR-
J-01-j nished flit; 7 rooms: bath; cheap; call
1 1 to 2.
KfVT HANDSOME 8-ROOM HOUSE;
<->V/ 1 will rent wool* or part or board with tenant.
991 3 WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; LINEN;
— — 1 ») china; piano: bath: $45.
COTTAGES TO LET. ~v
SUNNY COTTAGES OF • ROOMS; BATH;
Urge basement and yard. 15th and Dolores sts.
o*l 1 ",( ( SMALL COTTAGE. 3 TAY ST.,
<T>X.I..O\J. near cor. Clay and Powell. »
< ( l ~\t\ CHEAP COTTAGE. If~RUfc.SELL
\pO.*J\J. St., near cor. Hyde and Union.
m JONES-COTTAGE OF 5 BOOMS; SUlT-
able tor one or two families.
OTTAGE; 6 ROOMS; BATH: LARGE
i lar. 421 Cedar aye., oft Geary St.. near Laguna.
/■ AGE 6 ROOMS— BATH; LARGE YARD;
\J ceiltr. 2105 Webster St., near Sacramento.'
FLATS TO LEX.
rncE^BUNNYUPPi L^T7^OUR
iOI'J' rooms and bath: everything first-class,
j "■JO I L > ivy a%e.. near Webster st,
91 / • HICKORY AVE.,NEAR FELL ST.— FIVE
—1 \J rooms : nice yard.
-)••- FELL ST.-S"UNNY UPPER FLAT OF
— O«J 9 rooms: chance for a good tenant.
T^LAT, 4 ROOMS, »10; NO CHILDREN. 924
J. Shotwell *:., bet. 23d and L'lth.
9 MODERN FLATS, 5 BOOMS AND BATH;
— 1909 McAllister st. ; rent $17; key at premises.
L TPPER FLAT OF 3 BOOMS AND BAI 534~
I t Bryant st., bet. First and Second; cheap: $11.
Apply to D. B. BOW LEY, agent, en premises.
719 OCTAVIA. NR. MCALLISTER - ELE-
I L— ■ cant lower flat : 7 rooms: bath; modern im-
provements: brick basement.
1 '"^l " l MISSION, NR. ELEVENTH — 6
LOLOs large, sunny, papered rooms: bath;
laundry.
OLE AS N T FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
I RHlfl fine s».; near Fillmore; rent flB.
"TTTI ),..Ms; *13. l-'O VALPARAISO
0 s:.. on Jones, near Filbert.
,>"! Q BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 4 ROOMS. 1138
• _ 1 O. Stevenson St., near Marke: and Valencia.
99 FLAT OF 6 BOOMS AND BATH. 119
V— — • William St., near Post.
3 ROOMS AND BATH. 409 THIRTEENTH
st., above Valencia.
V"E\V~I.OWER FLAT OF 5 ROOMS, BATH
J^ and laundry. 1225 Jessie St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth.
LTPPKR FLAT OF SIX ROOMS, WITH IM-
I j provements and cellar. 1135V_ Pacific.
O«1Q BfBW MODERN SUNNY FLA SIX
•^ !•'• rooms: bath. 133 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-fourth.
\Tew bay-window flat of five light !
•*.' rooms; $18: bath; gas; tubs. 9il Folsom. near
Fifth.
FLAT TO LET— FOUR ROOMS AND BATH;
■ rent $18. 1804 Bush st.
j.'L.\T; 3BOOMB. 352 McA LUSTER ST.
1 'OQ CLAY, CORNER LARKIN— FLAT: 9
X. «J OO rooms and bath; rent $25.
QUNNYFLATS:2 AND 3 KOOMS. 202UROVE
' ■»•:. <*ornf>r Vnn Nous aye.
... ...v.» 1 A 1: \V tLAT; ti ROOMS; all
Ci latest improvements; rent cheap. 713 Grove.
" T TI'PER FLATS; 6 AN4> 7 ROOMS AND BATH; '
*-^ rent cheap. Corner Thirteenth and Folsom.
PPER FLAT OF 4 BOOMS. 93V2 SILVER
1 St., near Third. -
i~ ""OUR ROOMS AND BATH. 304 LILY AYE.;
rent $15. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
-.),• MCALLISTER— SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS.
I — U laundry and bath; rent $30.
OR. SUNN BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6
rooms and bath. 1042 Folsom st.
SUNNY FLAT: 4 ROOMS, BATH. 1706 tOST
O str et. ' __ J
Qin NE. COR. POLK" AND JACKSON— 4
•_ 10. sunny rooms; bath.
991 CLINTON PARK. BET. GUERRERO
—— li and Market — Upper sunny flat; 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Agents.
j ./'-'I NOE ST., BLOCK NORTH OF MAR-
1— Oi ket— 6 rooms; 3 bay-window corner flat ;
reo* reduced.
MODERN NEW SUNNY FLAT; LOW RENT;:?
i»l rooms: bath and garden; top of hill. 923 Fell.
000 "c f\ NEW, ELEGANT, SUNNY MOD-
• _»).c)U. em bay-window flat;' 6 rooms; bath.
925 Goiden Gate aye.
*J"rOOMS AT '26 NATO.M A : RENT *7. APPLY
O BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
HANDSOME NEW FLAT OF 7 ROOMS. 734
Kourteenth, be , ween Market and Sanchez.
CUNNY CORNER FLAT: 7 RO-iMS AND
O th; 3 bay-windows; key at 1553 Howard st.
3*l I 4 SUNNY ROOMS. BATH AND BASE-
•J^XT;. ment. 26 Lloyd St., off Scott, nr. Waller.
S\ Y~UPPER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
O 827 Hayes st.
SAVE CAR FARE— BEST rLa I'a i.> 77171
city; 5 and 6 rooms, bath: sunny central loca-
r on; nice ueiehborhood: keys NE. cor. Mason and
. „,...,.,. ,,., t<> s ., # \ ■ p|y ;»'.'(> SanaOme St., room 4.
*7 77] k.-z. rL.vT; 7 kooms ; large
V ytrd; low rent, 2510 Mission; key next door.
t)\ FAIR OAKS— NEW .SUNNY LOWER
-Y~\'i flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMJW.N &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
OTQ 7-ROOM FLATS: CLOSETS. m< . v 1 >.
. 10. water, dumb waiter: all modern: at. 936
Union St., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cot tape In Oakland. To let
by KOENIG <fc KKOLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
C A VED- DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MON'D 10 Montgomery St.
HOtSEKKKPIXG KOOMS.
Bush Street.
-.)- BUSH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS:
1 S. i en >-ulto and si'elc light housekeeping.
'/ 1 I U UisJl-XtWU FUKNIBHED SUNNY
_J 1 D connecting rooms for light housekeeping;
also single. .
■ Eddy Street.
1 QAA EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED SUITES
■LZU and housekeeping rooms.
Ol n EDDY— FURNISHED OR PARTLY
• M i furnished housekeeping rooms; private
family.
Kills Street.
«>•)(-» ELLIS— 2 RUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
«-)— O keeping rooms. ■
Everett Street.
QA EVERETT. NEAP. FOURTH— 3 FUR-
<>rt iilshed hoiißok«H?plnK rooms.
Fifth street.
4t)Ql FIFTH- 9 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
1— U2 housekeeping on the first floor.
Fillmore Street.
Ql A FILLMORE, OFF. HAIGIIT— 3 SUNNY
Olu housekfeplng rooms; modern improve
menu; rent $10. . '. "■ --■:
Folnoin Street.
7QX FOLSOM-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
( •).) housekeeping rooms; $8 per month.
GOrTFOLSOM, " N KA R FOURTH— PER
vj^-U week: sunny furnished rooms.
1 1 1 r FOLSOM, w. COR. LANGTON. BET.
SJ--I- XO 7th andBlh— 3 unfurnished rooms; $10.
fourth tre«t.
OA7 FOURTH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
*■*" * ■'< housekeeping; rent cheap. .
Fulton Street.
91 '-> FULTON-2 OR 3 BOOMS FURNISHED
*-■»-«-> complete for housekeeping: gas; bath.
lieary St.- cot.
IQII GEARY, OPP. PARK-815; ALCOVE
* ', x * B il . e and joining room, with porcelain
sink; bath: 3 closets; partly furnished.
1 Ql I 7 G , KARY - PARLOR. BEDROOM
 " .*■ ' , diniD B-room, sowing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds: all necessaries: $24.
Golden (<ate Avenue."
338 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— I SUNNY FUR-
-000 nlahed housekeeping rooms and bath.
HOUSEKEEPiycHROOaiS - Continued.
Hermann Street.
9' HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
— y nicely furnished front rooms, with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
R9XI HOWARD— ROOMS ANDFURNISHED
*J~U2 rooms for housekeeping.
74 O HOWARD— 2 OR 8 SUNNY FURNISHED
1 rooms for housekeeping: private.
1 o^9 HO WARD-HOUsEKEEPING BOOMS;
j^^^cheap; also single sunny rooms.
2 TOR 'HOWARD— 3 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
*-i I ~t*J housekeeping; furnished or unfurnished.
Hyde .Street.
OAQ HOUSEKEEPING, EN SUITE
WO Or single: sunny: terms reasonable.
Jessie Street.
RRA JESSIE-FLOOR 3 NICE ROOMS, UN-
yJOXJ furnished; yard: cellar; $12.
Kearny street.
99Q KEAP.NY -TO LET FEB. 1-5 CON-
«-•-'/ nectlDjr rooms, partly furnished, or 2 unfur-
nished ; suitable for doctor or otllces.
l.arkiu Street.
JQQ LARKIN-BAY-WINDOW HOUSEKEEP-
tcQO ing rooms; call after 1 o'clock.
1 finfJ LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED OR
11/UU unfurnished sunny room; bath; gas.
Mason Street.
9 MASON, NEAR MA KKET 7 PARLOR
floor, consisting of 3 elegantly furnished rooms
for housekeeping. ■
McAllister Street.
Q/l a McAllister - furnished room
O^xKj for housekeeping. .
0 I A MCALLISTER TjT.-S SUNNY UN FUR-
Oil nished rms: housekeeping; water; gas; $12.
Minna street.
or O MINN — FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
OOO ing rooms, back and front; also single;
water. '
-70 MINNA— FRONT ROOM, WITH
O/O kitchen: yard; all complete; cheap.
aiission Street.
0001 MISSION-COMPLETELY FURNISH-
O^.*)-l ed sunny housekeeping or other rooms.
no-i _\t IS.SION — COMPLETELY FURNISH-
tjJ.i)-> ed sunny houskpg rooms; bath and porch.
QAX MISSION. NR. SIXTH— 2 LARGE, SUN-
t'"rtJ ny rooms, complete for housekeeping.
O'f'arrell Street.
Z.nf>l O'FARRELL — 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
0~ 02 nished rooms; also basement rooms: light
housekeeping. ' ■
Perry Street.
9/^Q PERRY— »I3; 4 UNFURNIBHKD FINE
-UO large sunny rooms; also, In a rear house, 3,
nice all light, sunny rooms: new house; cheap.
Pine Street.
4 UNFURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
tt $10 a month. 725^ O'Farrell st.
1 Of\(i PINE — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
.LOUD rooms; no children: reference required.
Post Street.
Q9"l POST— FRONT AND BACK PARLOR
t/— JL furnished for housekeeping.
Scott Street.
9 SUNNY ROOMS PARTIALLY FURNISHED
-J for housekeeping. Apply 113 Scott st.
Seventh Street.
IOH SEVENTH— 2 LARGE, NICELY FUR-
JLOU nished front housekeeping rooms; yard;
reasonable.
■j 07 SEVENTH ST.— FURNISHED ROOMS,
JLO 1 housekeeping, single, $8: 2 rooms, $10.
1 C ft SEVENTH-CONNECTING ROOMS FOR
J.«) I housekeeping: bedroom and kitchen: rea-
sonable.
Sixth Street.
1 O,Q SIXTH — HOUSEKEEPING aND FUR-
JLUO nishf-d rooms; double; single; $125 per
v ■-■' k BfV
', -j 1 ... III—C HEAPEST IN THE CITY;
I— I cozy housekeeping rooms and single.
South Park.
I n SOUTH PARK-2 SUNNY WELL-FUR-
X.\J nished bay-window housekeeping rooms: $11.
Third Street.
O£9 THIRD— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
OU- housekeeping, $10: single, 6.
'lurk street.
I 90 TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
J- — O room for housekeeping.
Van N<?f)R Avenue.
Q9 A VAN NESS AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS
O4\J for housekeeping: carhouse.
TTTT/'VAN NESS — 2 ELEGANTLY FUR-
JLttVJU nished front and back suites; boasekping.
Washington Street.
XAO WASHINGTON — SUNNY U N FU R-
<J\J— nlahed housekeeping rooms; running water.
"Welsh Street. —
m WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
furnished housekeeping rooms; yard ; cheap.
Miscellaneous.
1 OR 2 PARTLY FURNISHED ROOMS: USE
x of kitchen; chesD to nice party. Address 8.,
box 25, can Office.
(CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. ,
ROOMS TO LEX.
Hush Street.
Q-1 Q BUSH-NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
OJ.O and double room; gas: grate.
qqa BUSH— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
VO\J suites and single; also light housekeeping.
California Street.
9XOI CALIFORNIA -3 ELEGANT FUR-
Z.OOX. nished rooms and bath: cneap.
jL.udy Street.
QA7 EDDY— LARGE FRONT ROOM; BUIT-
O\J I abie for 1 or 2 gen'lemen; low rent.
Cl A EDDY-FRONT SUNNY ROOM; SINGLE;
OXXJ gas and bath; reasonable; private family,
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS-NEW HOUSE;
incandescent lights in every room: first-class
reading-room, containing all daily papers; open all
night; rooms per day 35e to 81 50; we 'k, $2 to $8;
month. $8 to $30; lire escapes.
Eighth Street.
1 Al EIGHTH ST., NEAR MARKET — FUR-
J \J2 nished, sunny front room.
HERMAN. APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Klgin Park.
Ol~> ELGIN PARK. NEAR RIDLEY—
OU alcove sunny room; 3 Closets; kitchen; run-
ning water and use of bath.
Foisom Street.
O| A FOLSOM-SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
O-L\J kitchen, completely furnished; no children.
Geary Street.
XI Q GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
wiO able for doctor's offices; single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished: housekeeping; reasonable.
1 A9fU GEARY -2 UNFURNISHED BOOMS;
JLV^Ua 1 furnished hall room.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 A GOLDEN GATE AYE.— PLEA ANT SUN-
<£ J. V ny front room; a'so single; low rent.
Grove Street.
1/* GROVE - SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
JLU with or without use of kitchen: $11.
"I JVC GROVE ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
X-\JO large front rooms; $8, $9.
Henry street.
jr "I HENRY, CORNER NOE, BLOCK NORTH
t)i of Market— 2 rooms, with grate; $12. j
Howard Street.
_39Q HOWARD — LARGE FRONT ROOM;
U— O other rooms.
HOW AR D - NICELY FURNISHED
single and double rooms for gentlemen ; very
low rent.
1 I 9£ A HOWARD — ELEGANTLY FUR-
JLxaiO nished room; large closet, bath: for one
person: $5 per month; In American family.
"I 9] 71 HOWARD-LARGE RM.; SUITABLE
1 — 1 I 3 for 1 or 2 men; gas; bath; private.
Jessie Street.
r 09 JESSIE— LARGE AND SMALL SUNNY
«_)«*•- rooms', cheap; gas, bath.
Jones Street.'
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
i Zi\J 1 management: elegant sunny suites ■ and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to 830.
riQ JONES— ROOM, 96; ROOM, *12; SAME
UJLO as suite, $15.
C "I Q JONEB-2 SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
OLtJ rooms: 96 and $8. .. ' ■■ _ ,
CO, 1 JONES, NEAR G.EARY— SUNNY PAR."
OZi\> lor suite; grate, bath, gas; reasonable. ■
Kearny street.
;■ A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEARNY-PLKAS-
A silt sunny rooms, en suite and single; first clan
In every respect: terms reasonable.
Leavenworth street.
1(W C\ LEAVENWORTH — SUNNY FUR-
lulu nlsbed first or second floor; adults only.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
_ ROO3IS TO LET-Continued.
Larkin Street.
4.9QLARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
IXAO rooms, single and en suite. .-.-;
"I AA7 larkin— furnished rooms in
Ivu I modern house; running water, etc.
■101 '-} 1 L -i~KK.IX; H. SUTTER-COR. BAY-
X\JIO2 window; others; sunny kitchen.
190n LAR ? IN . o p p7l7urlTxe~b
;~ d y*~ Lar sunny furnished front room, $8;
single, $5.
31 arket Street.
777 MARKET. — NICELY FURNISHED
* I I suites and single; housekpg; also offices. !
YgSKMI IE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET, BET.
J. Sixth ; and Seventh-Single and suites: per
night, Joe to $1 : week. $1 60 to $5: families
1118 MARKET ST.-ELEGANTLY FUR-
■*- J - x< -*m*ngn rooms: month, week or transient.
1 1 99 MABKKT BT.— NICELY FURNISHED
IItJ - J suites; also single rooms: $2 to $6 week.
Marye Terrace.
I^MAKYE TERRACE, 424 TURK-SUNNY
1U single, also a double room; reasonable; bath.
Minna street.
CC7MIX.VA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
UVI I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient. -
Mission Street.
O9XI MISSio X — HANDSOMELY FUR-
*J~k)% nished sunny bay-window front room;
grate; gas.
1 {\~y< MISSION — NICE SUNNY ROOM:
x " t>t ' grate; $8; also housekeeping rms., cheap.
riBAND SOUTHERN — SEr COB. 7TII AND
y* Mission, reopened; thoroughly renovated -.sunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished jingle or en suite;
stationary washstands and running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
1 1 *-^'7 MI SUNNY FRONT BOOMS,
XXO I single or en suite; cooking. ,
EUROPE HOUSE, 11C9 MISSION— NICELY
■U furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Ninth Street.
9A NINTH, NEAR MARKET— FRONT BAY-
+-AJ window; suite or single; for two gentlemen;
also light housekeeping; grate; gas: cheap.
t>'l"arrell Street.
"1 99 O'FARRELL-SINGLE ROOM NICELY
J- — <-> furnished for gentleman: conveniences:
central; $8.
X9A O'FARRELL- NEATLY FURNISHED
\J~\J sunny front parlors; rent reasonable.
Pine Street.
(\ ( )1 FRONT ROOM; SUITABLE FOR
\J±iX. 2 gentlemen; $10; running water; quiet
house. ■■■-.: ,--■■•:
Post Street.
Xf)O POST-ELEGANTFURNISIIED ROOMS;
>J\-'<J single and en suite; $2 a week up.
Powell Street.
'SO9 POWELL, COR. SUTTER— ELEGANTLY
<JV/-j furnished corner room for 3; also single rm.
Sangome Street.
A MERTCAN EXCHANGE HOTEL. 319 SAN-
-ci. some— Light airy rooms, $1 to $1 50 a week;
housekeeping rooms $2 a week. up.
•Sixteenth Street.
9"1 Q SIXTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD— FUR-
—>i-O nistied parlor, bedroom and kitchen; nice
yard; rent $16.
Stevenson Street. '
(id 9 STEVENSON. BET. SEVENTH AND
\J^t~j Eighth— Furnished sunny front room for
light housekeeping; bath.
Stockton Street.
909 1 STOCKTON, OPP. UNION SQUARE—
— "—3 Changed bands; newly renovated and
pleasant sunny rooms; single or en suite; day,
week or month.
utter Street.
nno SUTTER — NEWLY FURNISHED
QUO double parlor and single rooms.
Taylor Street.
"I JO TAYLOR — LARUE SUNNY FRONT
X.rtV rooms; newly furnished; sinsle or suite;
with hot water baths.
Al A TAYLOB— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
_at_l-_±_ny alcove room; for gentlemen.
XI O TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED .SUN-
UXij ny front, suitable 2 gentlemen; also single.
X 99 TAYLOR— NICELY " FURNISHED BlN-
*j£i£i gle sunny room for gentleman.
Third Street.
WINCHESTER HOUBE-44 THIRD. NEAR
• » Market: most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night; «1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room : reading-r'm ; free bus.
Van >ess Avenue.
QA9 VAN NESS A FURNISHED ROOMS,
y\JmJ with board, suitable for 2 young men or
couple: also housekeeping rooms.
1111 VAX NESS AYE. — PLEASANTLY
J- i-i-J- furnished front room : private family.
J1OA«.1l» .\u . AM) KOOJIs.
719 POST^SUNNY !"Rls^NT^rßirOßrwrTH
I XZi board; $25 for 1 and $40 for 2.
HOTEL BERTLING, 714 BUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
era conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
IITTLE GIRL COULD HAVE GOOD^IOME
J-J with middle aged lady; orphan preferred.
219 Vi Pros, place, nr. Powell.
\\ ANTED — 1 OR MORE CHILDREN' .TO
'» board ; gcod home. 1505 Twenty-fourth st.
YOU CAN FIND REFINED HOME IN AMER-
X. lean family for child; terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye.
OOD HOME FOR CHILDREN: TERMS
reasonable; best of reference. 1132 Sbotwell.
IDDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE TWO
children to care for and send to school; rea-
sonable. Address 102 Hannah St.. Oakland. -
STOIU-.S TO LET. ~^ "~
IfINELAJtOEBOOMFITFOBIJOHTMAarU-
facturIng purposes, with five large front win-
dows; 538 California st., second floor; cheap rent.
ASIITON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Large", \\ ELL -LIGHTED STORE; 3 uv-
J-i ing-rooms; suitable drugstore or grocery; Van
Ness aye., one block from Market st. * Apply
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
TjMNE WELL-LIGHTED STORE: 8 LIVING-
J rooms; 406 Fourth st. MAPI-SON & BURKE.
TORE, ROOMS AND FIXTURES TO LET.
Southeast cor. Broadway and Polk st.
I" IINECORNERGROCERY aNDBARTOLET:
cheap rent. Apply to J. F. PLUMBE, 1402
Valencia St., cor. of 25th.
ARKET-ST. STORE; LOCATION THE
best; vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable.
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY. 138 Montgomery st.
OFFICES to LET.
LARGE ALCOVE-ROOM; suitable fob
dentist or physician; with or without board.
Apply 741 Sinter st. .
LEGANTLY FURNISHED PARLORS, SUlT-
able for professional man; occupied .ten years
by dentist. 850 Market, cor. Stockton, first floor.
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKEL9
building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
cct.-ge for gas. janitor services or heating. Apply
atbnilding or O. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montg. s 5.
STABLES TO LET. •
PRIVATE STA^L^7s*siTA72irTOr£ EtTcOrl
J- Juniper and Harrison Bta.: -- ■ .- ■
_-_ DENTISTS. ~ ~
Q ET^oTT^ET^fwiTHOUT^i^ PlXteTdrTii'
O G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ■-■
"JAR. GEORGE W. LKEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of. improved bridge work or teeth \
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
pAINLESS EXTRACTION. Mo; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 yean"
esperiei cc. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.-, H1534 Geary.
1 R. 11. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE^
V) work a specialty; open evenings .7:30 to 9. : .
DX. l. T.CRANZ- EXTRACTION painless,
crown work, bridge work and teeth ; without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
/ IBOOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
VJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; ouly reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1 : extracting 60c. with gas $1.
d£7 A SET FOB TEETH; WARRANTED AS
«IP I good as can be made: filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
[\B. LUDLI'M HILL, 1443 MARKET Sl'
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
/ IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 808 MAB-"
*J ket Bt. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DH. J.'LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-"-
A ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
LOST.
I OST— JANUARY 29, CANARY^ PLEASE
J return 203 a Powell St.; reward.
j OST. ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
XJ not getting mv shoes made ! to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 '1 urk st., near Jones.'
ONEY, BY not having MY HOUSE
papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanglng company. 635 McAllister st. ;
ATTOK.NKVB-AT-LAW.
"T^vTce^^e^^div^r^e'la^^
"jtl. ally; private; no charge unless saccessful; all
law suits, claims, collections," wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
rp J. HUBBY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
IX, . law; advice free. i 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON,"ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,42O
§."»<:• California st., nus. 14-16; advice free. ' .
m< iljyi>iTi~ l H'i*M Mil* ■»( iMiiIM Ilk i*lWl|M|i>lM lfi«-iilHlHl»i||i.||| ■>■ 1
PERSONALS.
P^g^a^p^t^^oTFe^o^r^er.forssale-
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st., Oakland, Cal.
ANTED — A REFINED INTELLIGENT
woman, not over 33, strong and healthy •
steady position to the right party: no trifieTs. Ad-
dress box 44, Fish P.ock.Mendocino County, Cal.
\ DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-t\. clalty; private: no charse unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
H" ENRY HUFSCHMIDT, PLUMBER AND
easntter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471.
1,1 EL-REMEMBER MME. SPITZ' HaIR-
II dressing parlors; MR. LEDERER has them
now; dresses your hair ; swell for only 25c: sells
elegant switches for 75c. MINNIE.
WOMAN'S DISPENSARY OF NEW YORK'
»» all modern improvements in treating diseases-
an Infallible remedy for irregularities; superfluous ■
hair removed without palmladies give usacall;con-
suitation free -testimonials in office. 25 Murphy bldg
QEARCHING,LOCATING,SHADO\VING,TRA-
Ocing,collectlng.GßAHAM'Sagncy,632 Mrkt,r.B.
1 AATi BUSINESS CARDS, $1 f>o; TELE-
-IUUU phone 141." _H11iL.22 Geary, r. 39
p WHY DIDN'T YOU MJBET ME AS
VX agreed? Had my photo taken, bust cabinets at
CRAMER'S, 402 Kearny St.. northeast corner of
Pine, only $1 50 per dozen, too. NELLIE.
OURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER-
instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
EGYPTIAN HENNA; $1; HAIR DYE; PER-
XIJ fectly harmless; easily applied; all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., agents, S. FT
1 EAFNESS— THE AURAPHONEIIESTORKS
XJ lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book j
mailed free. F. F. FINLAY, 10 California St., S. F. |
<2» 1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
«Ip-L floor. 206 Leaven worth st.
ONE MORE CUT— ~~
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 60 up
i Oilcloths and Linoleums ;.30c up
Stoves and Ranges... S3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
OECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
O showcases, counters, shelviugs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
• them, too; be sure and. see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019
1021, 10*3 Mission St., above Sixth.
RS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsllanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout flgues.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary St., San Francisco.
JP'OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
ARTTXGTON S~SCIrODL OF MAGAZINE
• and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine nt. .
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
LIBEUAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc: lowest rates. 848 Market st.
LD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD:
■store ■. fixtures, doors, windows, ■ lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st,, near Eighth.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
v^ mfrs 1 cost. Factory. 20 Sansome St.. upstair
LD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LAD
clothing boucht. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
IJKi:SSMAKEB!S.
DRESSES, $2 AND UP; \VRAPP£Rs73SC~Up!
505»_ Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
SUITS, $3: SKIRTS. 75C; SILK WASTS, $1~B(F;
work by the day. 659 Stevenson, near Seventh.
TYLISH DRESSES MADE FROM $4 UP;
perfect fit guaranteed. 621 Geary st.
BJ£SSKS CUT AND FITTED, $3; DRESSEsT
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary St.
ED € CAT 1 AX,
R^r^IELVILL&SNYDER HAS REMOVED
to 520 Sinter st.; uacherof vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution: ladies and
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged.
E~ LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI-
Cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE 11 OFF
SCHROEDKR, 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. m.
TUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
-0 slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building.
r\ UITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ" lessons; $3 mo. MARY WKSTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JosepiTgrevkn, VOICE improver. 82
O Ninth st. '
ENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
VX tion will give private lessons • in English
branches, bookkeeping, mathematics and sciences;
California credentials and references. Address E.,
box 87, Call Office. ■'...-
HP H E L BAD IN SHORTHAND COLLEGE;
X individual Instruction; four months' .course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
EMELIE MELVILLE~\VILL RECEIVE A
limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster st., cor, of Washington. ■
PANISH AND FRENCH AC A DEM V; CAH-
tllian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month: also painting academy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations, Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St., room H7.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
-L Ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
"\ f ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
■OX Board. English, French, piano, dancing,
$50 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
1 ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY;
-i class or private. MRS. H. MAN, 1234 8u5h at.
BELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
-0 chanicai engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DEB NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
V Uught. Prof. L. MEJtKI, 225(;pary;reasonablo
SPANISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write lor catalogue.
Yf 1 1 OOL;IiEALD'S BUS. COLLEGE
-*-> Post: commercial, shorthand. English -. low rate* <
"IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045y 2 Valencia.
pHEMISTRYAND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1389
Market; send for cat. ; day and evening session.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS—
- V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
.MEDICAL. -— —
T ADIES, ATTENTION —HA YE a" POSI-
J~i tive cure for female complaints: trial bottle
free; mail orders promptly attended to. Corona
Remedies, 917 Market st., offices 1 and 2..
BLESSING TO LAD7ES— INSTANT RE-
lief for monthly irregularities from any cause
by the most experienced ladles' physician In Cali-
fornia; latest method: superior to any. beware of
frauds; come direct to Oman's Dispensary-. Dl?.
and MRS. DAVIES. 14 McAllister St., next Hi-
bernia Bank, and avoid blood poisoning or life
injury. French F. Pink Pills, $3.
T ADIES— CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
Ju nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; lend 4c/ stamps for
particulars, "Relief. for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa. . . . ■
ME. DE GIERS' MAGIC WONDER, THE
only true method in the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 hours; $5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67; physician's consultation free.
"f "XdIES. CONSULT FREE-MR.s. ull. SCOTT,
J-J 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist in the
city; 500 paid for a case I fall to cure; diseases
of the eye. treated especially. .■
, NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
ments or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. 4) lt. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specia'ty. 230 Clara st., nr. Fifth.
R, HALL. 14 iIcALLISTER STREET, NEAR
"Jones. Diseases of women and children.
ALL~ FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
auy time; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
.diseases of women and restores all. cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; 'separate -home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market.
T ADIES— DAUDET'S ; FEMALE . REGULA
J-i ting : Pills: ; strongest, ■ safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WJDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market And Third sts., sole agents.
SURE 7 CURE FOR ALL ; FEMALE Dis-
eases, from whatever -causa; a home : in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
antied, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk at. ; ■
AliOilK, a I-'RIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
. V MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
MRS. DR. WEGENER: PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement: irregularities cured in a' few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
_■_.• ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure: *2 60 express C. O. D. ; : don't delay
until too late. OSQOOD BROS., Oakland, Cat
"I V IRREGULAR OH ANY FEMALE DISEASE
-1- see Mrs. Dr. t'uetr. and be content.' • 254V_ 4th.
~™~ PHYSICIANS.
R7A^DinrucTs3^Y^j^^in?GE^N^^
University Turin, Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
DEMOVJSD— DB. CC. i O'DONNELL -TO 1206
It Market St.; diseases of women a specialty.
- CITY .■ REAL ESTATE. : _- : _ -
AM. SPECK CO.'S ~~~ ~T T "~~~
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
Q» O A (\ cash— sl9oo IN $20 MONTHLY
«35 OUu payments buys elegant new 5-room and
bath cottage; a beautiful home; near 2 car
• " lines; must be sold to satisfy bank mortgase.
Q^nfl CASH, BALANCE IN EASY MONTH-
«Jpc>V/\J ]y payments, buys elegant new house of
2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath a:id large
lot within 2 blocks of Hai__t-sf. entrance to
the park; in perfect order.
Oil 9'/i six-Room MODERN COTTAGE
ilpX_i_)U. near car line.
<2i_>AAA TWO NICE FLATS NEAP. 6TH
<iSOUUU. and Howard sts.: rent $30 -a month.
C«rrw|CASH, BALANCE OF $2500 SAME
«Jp_/uU as rent, buys business property in Rich-
mond ; rent $30. ■-•■•• ":.,■■* '■
QIQAAA FOUR FLATS NEAR 9TH AND
(JIOUUU. Harrison sis. : rents $40.
<fijQOAA TWO NEARLY NEW FLATS ON
t3PO_UU. car line: rents $32.
ut.'OHA ELEGANT, MODERN 8-ROOM
*jpD_JUU. residence on Bush, near Buchanan.
<_TAnn BUSINESS PROPERTY IN THE
«Jp I UUU. vicinity of Fourth and Mission' St.;
■ lot 60x80 ft.; rents about $65. ■
QAfin 6 FLATS N EAR 7TH AND JIAE-
«ITOUUU. ketsts; rents $71.
fl./i-AA BUSINESS PROPERTY IN THE
tJptrUUU. vicinity of 24th and Mission sts.;
■- . mortgage of $3000 can remain.
<_/l'7^A' ■■*> FLATS ON RINCON HILL;
<35_:l OU. rentsssl.
<_^AAA 3 NICE FLATS WITHIN THREE
(]pUUI/U. blocks of the City Hall: rents $05.
QQAA 2 NEW FLATS NEARI7TH AND
tiPOOUU. Market sts; rents $32. -
Q«XF;AA 4 FLATS NEAR OTII AND lIOW-
<&OO\J\J. ard sts.; lot 37x112 it.; rents $50.
lij ■". AA A 3 NEARLY NEW FLATS ON CAR-
«incIUUU. line in the vicinity of Mission and
14th sts. ; rents $47; mortgage 53500.
<S (KIA A A a FLATS ON BUSH ST., NEAR
tJUUI/U. Mason; rents ss3. -
QiPkf^AA BUSINESS PROPERTY ON 16TH
<g!U*J\J\J. St., near Market; lot 50x100; must
be sold immediately; will sell singly.
<2jr.iWU\ ELEGANT 7-ROO3I residence
{IPUUUU. on Pine st., near Devisadero.
Jljo/J Ann business corner ON sut-
«JpOU."Uv/. ter st.. within a few. blocks of the
' Hotel Pleasamon: lot 58x100.- -
©I/. AAA 4 NEW FLATS IN THE VICIN-
tJpxv.UUU. ity of Oak and Webster ats.; rents
$80; lot 32x100.
<JJJI Ofj MONTHLY . RENTS BUSINESS
«IPj-OU property; Howard and 4th sts.; offer
wanted.
<$>!({ !\(U\ GEARY-ST. CORNER; NOT
»JP-LU.tJIJVJ. far from Kearny st.; 28 feet front.
<g«Q7 KfJA BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
«JpO 4 ,t)Uu. Geary and Stockton sts.
(UjFir. AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY VERY
<jP«J«J.UUU. near the Baldwin; rents $250.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
602 Market at.
-;■;;■■■:. - $ . '
.-ssssss
A STACK OF DOLLARS
.... J\. MAY BE YOUR PROFIT
ON THIS
BARGAIN. ............
A newly painted house of 5 iooms and bath. No.
3264 Central avenue, Alamedu, o minutes from
narrow-gauge station: one block from the elec-
tric curs; lot 33:4x126:6; title perfect.
TAXES PAID! INSURANCE PAID!!
$1000 can remain on mortgage. • It cost me
$2400. You can have it at a sacrifice.
MAKE ME AN OFFER. W. MAYERHOFER,
1552 Verdi st., Ali.rueda, or 110 Market St., S F.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
. REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots.
<J*7C TO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
«4p I O the park and Grand Boulevard ; $10 down
and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO.
<SI^AA $400, $450, $500 TO $1100; CHOICEST
«U>t>UU. lots north and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist aye. to 20th aye. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite, con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ & BRO.
<&IAA TO $250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
«3'XUU Misslon-st. and electric car lines: only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ <te BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
- EOL GETZ & BRO., Owners,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
rpiiE CHEAPEST lots"
X in this city are those in the Ca3tro-st. Addition.
PRICES 8350 TO $450.
All the streets are graded, sewered and macadam-
ized: water piped to every lot; on the line of an
electric road title perfect. .
TERMS $;> MONTHLY.
Special inducements to all parties who will buy a
lot before February 1 and who will build a cottage
before April 1. Call for a diagram.
Baldwin & Hammond,
■ 10 Montgomery st.
AVK You
the new blocks we are offering in snbdl visions:
10th aye.; 11th aye.: N st. : O St.; south of the
park; price $1275; terms $25 cash, $10 monthly ;
I good buy. ,
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
v 10 Montgomery st.
<BiCnnA • HOUSE; 9 ROOMS; CORNER: 1 ! x
tjDOUUU. 88; Western Addition: easy . terms.
Address Reverses box 49, Call Office. /
NE LEFT OF THOSE ELEGANT COTTAGES
on Shotwell st., near 17th; $3600: easy terms;
6 rooms: bath; gas; high basement; open daily.
E. V. E. TROY, owner," 301 California st.
EARE BARGAIN.—
A thorough home: « large rooms, bath, laundry
and stable: 2-story; bay-windows; nearly new:
built by day for owner's use; sickness cause of
sale; lot 25x120: Fifth aye., near Point Lobos
aye. : price $3800.
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE.
BOVEE, TOY & CO., 19 Montgomery st.
COME A Nil SEE
GOOD LEVEL LOTS,
25x100 to I'JO,
IN BERKELEY.
ONLY $200 EACH. ONLY 81 WEEKLY.
BRIGHT PROSPjiCTS.
GOOD VIEWS, SOIL AND DRAINAGE.
Free maps; free ride to property.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St.
"I OP.IF SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
rjpi-^u worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell St., room 3.
J_l WEEKLY— BERKELEY LOTS.
<Jp L $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 25x100: *1 weekly: sewered.
$825— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly: macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.'
$150— 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
Station. Berkeley.
rpO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
Xtat'eand business of every description. A. J.
PROPER A CO.. real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
T Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28 8 Zoe St., city.
FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
daw, mantels, etc., built for s32oo; 5 room cottage
and bath. 81600. JAS McCONAHAY.II49 Mission
.n.r,i.\ TO LOAA.'
"^^v^n^e^o^Tdia^io^ljs^j^w^ur^^
xV .Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
fix ON FURNITURE WITHOUT REMOVAL;
— 6% on real estate. TRAVERS, 632 Market, rm-6.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, or 3D MORTGAGES;
■A. estates, undivided interests, real estate 111 pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ORTGAGES, pHO BATE LOANS, WAR.
rants. SALOMON & CO., 328 Montgmry,r.2l4,
N FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PRIVATE
party ; low interest; strictly privait. 215 Powell.
TV/lONEY LOANED" ON JEWELRY AND
Ifj other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT~FROM. US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donolioe bolld'g, 1170 Market st.
IST* 3D MORTGAGES : INTERESTS IN- ES-
Xtates;lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
OttKOW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
out removal, diamonds, watohes, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing, machines, oil paintings;
low interest: • perfect secrecy; private entrance:
private rooms. UNCLE HA KKIS, 15 Grant avenue
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OB COL-
laterals. JAMES K. DAMON, 303 Montgy;st.
■At ONEY LOANED. 6M» PER CENT ON MORT-
-I>X gages. A. F. JOHNS. & CO., 632 Market st.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
XJ mortgages, furmtur ■ 'or pianos without re-
moval in 1 the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
LOANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
city or country: furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
;.-j PAWNBROKERS.
T^?6~ICEAiKNT~ST7r~R^SoII^^
loaned, watches, diamond's, etc. ; low rates : pri-
vate rooms; elevator: pledges for sale cheap. \
; . PKOHOS.US. -■■ ■ -;,. =
Mot" ice^noti ce Ts "li eueiTy gTvisn
IN that I will on THURSDAY, February 6, 1896,
at 2 o'clock p. m., at the Courthouse in Yuba City,
sutler County, Cal.," receive 'sealed; proposals for.
the surrender of bonds issued on levee district No."
1 of Sutler County, according to an act of the
Legislature approved April 9, 18S0, to the amount
of ten thousand ($10,000) dollars. - No bids above
par will be accepted. All bonds must accompany
the bids. . L. J. COPE,
■ .-."•: ... Treasurer Sutter County, Cal.'
: Yuba City, January 22, 1896. •<- '-
j BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
ont'inen i'al BUILDING and loan v A!?;
\J sociation— Hume office. 222 Sansome st., S. F,
! General savings A loan business. Ed E. Hill.Prea,;
I Oliver Eldrklije V.Jr.; W Corbin, Sec.&Gen.Maq.
SEWING MACHINES.;
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, e'xCHANGED^"
' rented, repaired ; lowest rates.:- 205 Fourth st.
COIiNTKT KEAL ESTATE. .
1 t>(\ ACRES- OF THE RICHEST LEVEL
± \J\J bottom land in the State; near two railroad
stations; between Stockton and Sacramento: will
grow all cereals and also well adapted to fruit of
almost every variety; fairly good Improvements;
offered at about half Its value; owner a non-rest-
dent; would exchange for improved city property.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
1 <Sn T\f\(\ REDUCED FROM $2000; ABOVE
<P-LvH/U. Sacramento: 40 acres all Al level
land fenced, ploughed and under water-ditch; a few
large oaks: excellent . surroundings. LEE &
KISER, 306* Montgomery st. '
$t99^n 10 ACRES, 2% MILES FROM
r^)Zj^.O\J. Petaluma. Vi mile from depot; Al
level Hnd; new 4-room cottage: barn ; assorted
fruit trees; $500, balance ou time. LEE «SS
KISER, 306 Montgomery st.
4 TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
T- years' credit. D. H. TWIXC. Sonoma Clty.Cau
RANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO.. CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus Biver, two
and a half miles from Oakdale. the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
Eitoctcton and Merceu. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right. . .
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels. Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th«» property is UDder the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. I All kinds of small game near by
all'ords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, Including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange Wees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land with fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable In
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress ■ - v >~
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., »
638 MarKet Street,
San Francisco. Cal.
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative,
Oakdale,
MARIX COUNT Y-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Mancbo de Novato.
Tractß cut any size desired; fruit-, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTEB & WHITTON. San Jose.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year tor $1 50, post-
age free. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TARGE EXPRESS OFFICE FOR RENT;
-LJ just the place for storage of furniture. Bee
E. E. BUNCE. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
CjiAfk LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
«E? L\J\J . come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
(&O/ 1 MONTHLY' FOR 6-ROOM COTTAGES;
tjp^V/ plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statin.
•Fiji CA LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
<ii)-i-O\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
end $1 a week; selling fast; good improvements.
H. l;. I'INNEY. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMDA REAL KSTATE.
ffi>99fiA $50 CASH, i2TSO^IONTHLYTS
*iiJ-i-jyJ\J* rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly, 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
53250-?200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
pant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MAitCUSE i KEMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market st., San Francisco.
<2> 100 down" elegant^ new 5-ROOM
«© J-vv modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alameda. .-
ALA3IEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
CIOTTAGE, 7-KOOM; BATH: GA^STOVjT;
\J ba ement; aIK modern conveniences; good
yard; choice location; near Morton station. J. S.
JLANI.KY. 1351 Pork st.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
REAL, ESTATE.
DAXTA CLARA VALLEY LAND!
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 East Santa Clara si., Kan Joss, CaL
. FINANCIAL.
lOxVNS ON IST~ANrT2D MORT«XgE?TaND
Hie msurance policies: low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st.
ANY SUM OF MONEY AD V A ED OX
-<■' V your furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write; op«a
evenings. J. NOOXAN. 1021 Mission at.
~~ "
STORAGE
QTORAGEoFFL-ItNnri:i'..PIANO^,"IIOUS&
kJ hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 17"li) MARKET—
if Storage: low rates: telephone South 762. •
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICES
THE SAX FRANCISCO AND SAX JOAQUIN
Valley Railway Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. City and Caunty of San
Francisco, state of California.
Notice— There are delinquent upon the following-
described stock on account of assessment No. 4
levied on the 10th day of December, 1895, the
several amounts set opposite the names of the
respective shareholders, as follows: *
. No. No.
Cer. Sh'rs. Ann.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W.
Van Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees. 465 1 $10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W.
Van > Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees 445 2 20
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. XV.
Van Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, trustees 600 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
' James D. Phelan. Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown. F. W.
, Van Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, tru5tee5.;... .....'....... 688 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. PhelaD, Lovell
White, O D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. VV.
Van Sicklen, Christian da
Guigne, trustees..... ./ 508 1 10
And in accordance with law and order of the
Board of Directors made on the 10th day of Decem-
ber, 1895, so many shares of each parcel of such
stock as may be necessary will be sold at public
auction at the office of said company. No. 321
Market St., In the City and County of Kan Fran-
cl co, State of California, on the 26th day of Jan-
uary, 1896. at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock a. m.
of said day to pay said delinquent) assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. -stssaßrassMß
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
Office, No. 321 Market st., ban Francisco.
POSTPONEMENT.
By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration made aed entered upon the records
thereof upon the- 2 1st day of January, 1898, the
date of the delinquency of said ■ assessment was
postponed until the 21st day of January, 1896, and i
the date of sale of such delinquent stock was post-
poned until the 10th day of February, 1896, at
eleven (11) o'clock a. m. of said day.
'-•-■-■ ALEXANDER MACKIF.. Secretary.
31AKKIAUE Llti..\3jiS.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerit's oflice yesterday: ■
B. H. Cediey and Emma A. Pelletler, 28-29.
C. H. Mulleuand Josephine Douglas, 36 — :6.
E. M. Coffoy and Fernanda Wilson, 27—25.
joiin Lanzer and Louise Martin, 30—18.
G. E. Schulz and Emma B. Rlechers, 32—18. .
E. wards and Mamie Flemmlng, 26-22.-
J. D. H. Hartje and ! Louise D. Jurgens. 26—22. j
David E. Clark and Alberta M. Pi«rce, 37—30.
Robert Risk and Elleda A. Greenfield, 52—51.
J. B. Macdougall and Minnie C Fogg, 40—26.
Ole A. Johansen and Hanna Johnson, 28— >22.
B. J. Lahnsen and Mary J. Brogau, 32— 18.
George 11. Stevens and Sarah J. Smith. 26—25.
James Clasby and Elizabeth Nutting, 37— 30.
Adoiph Welter and Johanna Grenewald, 35 — 23.
E. H. McCready and Rosie A. Gorman, 21—16. '
Joseph C. Ostern and Annie Conn, — 19.
Jerome C. Bull and Mary C. Jarboe, 21—
. DIVORCE I'ROCEEDINCij.
Complaints filed: ~~ \ •
• Maggie Wehner against Henry Wehner.
Charles W. Swain against Jennie Swain.
Divorces granted : .
P * .1. Peter Jensen from Henrietta Jensen, for in-
fidelity; by Judge Troutt.
Fong Foot Shang from Fong Suey V cc, some-
times known as Suey Yee, for desertion; by Judge
Sanderson. ,; " .
BIRTHS— DEATHS. "
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In ac
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BOIES.
BRUECKER— In this city, January 28, 1896, to
the wife of A. Bruecker, a daughter.
CASEY— In this city, January 28, 1896, to the
wife of Nelson S. Casey, a son.
HART— January 29, 1396, to the wife of Richard
Hart, a son.
ISAACS— In this city, January 25, 1896, to the
wife of Henry B. Isaacs, a son.
SALHINGER— the wife of Sam Salhinger (nee
Wallach ), a son.
STONE-In this city, January 28, 1896, to the
wife of a. L. Stone, a son.
WEILHEIMER-In Mountain. Santa Clara
County. January 25, 1896, to the wife of Julius
Weilheimer. a daughter.
WOODS— In Oakland. January 26, 1896, to the
wife of R. H. Woods, a son.
MARRIED.
CLARK— PIERCE— In this city, January 29, 1896,
by the Rev. M. M. Gibson, D.D., David E. Clark
of Rodeo, Contra Costa County, Cal., and Alberta
M. Pierce of Santa Barbara, Cal.
DAVIE-SCHIMPF-In Butte City, Mont., Janu-
ary 7. 1896, E. R. Davle and May E. Schimof of
San Francisco.
STRONG— Ia this city. January 28.
1896, by the Rev.W. D.Williams of the Plymouth
Congregational Church, J. Frank Mullen and
Laura Strong.
DIED.
Afflerbaeh, Rev. C. H. Kean, Thomas L.
Allison, Charles H. • King, George C.
Anderson, John Koch, Joseph
Boscacci, P&squale Lessen. Capt. Francis
Brossman, Catherine Mcllwaln, John •
Cummings, Thomas Mestre, Michael
Devereaux.Lewman W. Oakes, Patrick
Doane, Mercy S. Purchase, William H.
Dunlap, Margery A. Schoffleld, John T.
Gauch, Katie Sullivan, F.
Haines, Decimus 11. Vary, Mary
Hussey, Patrick J. Walsh, Mary C.
Johnson, Christine Wegmann, August
AFFLERBACH— Near Campbell. Cal., January
29, 1896. at his residence. Rev. C. H. Afflerbach,
a native of Germany, aged 68 years and 6 days.
Jt3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the German
M. E. Church, Third street, San Jose.
ALLISON— In this city, January 28, 1896, Charles
H., beloved husband or Mary Allison, a native of
Chambersburg, Pa.
j»SS~Frlends"and acquaintances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 21 De Long avenue, between Waller
and Frederick streets. Masonic avenue and Ash-
bury street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In this city, January 27, 1896. John
Anderson, a native of Sweden, aged 42 years. ,
JK3~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOSCACCI— In this city, January 27, 1896, Pas-
q cale Boscacci, a native of Switzerland, aged 48
years.
BROSSMAN— In Oakland, January 29, 1896.
Catherine Brossmau. beloved mother of William
C. Brossman, Mrs. O. Fox and. Mrs. S. F. Bas-
sett, a native of Germany, aged 62 years.
CUMMINGS— In the City ana County Hospital,
January 29, 1896, Thomas Cummings, aged 23
years.
DEVEREAUX— In Oakland, January 28. 1896,
Lewman W. Devereaux, a native of Oakland,
aged 8 months, and 3 days.
DOANE— In this city, January 28, 1896. Mercy S.
Doane. a native of Massachusetts, aged 63 years
and 4 days.
DUNLAP— In this city, January 28, 1896, Margery
A., dearly beloved wife of William Dunlap, and
mother of William H., Fred T. and Ada M. Dun-
lap, a native of Fredericton. N. 8., Dominion of
Canada, aged 43 years 9 months and 8 days.
[Philadelphia (Pa.) and Fredericton (N. B.)
papers please copy.
49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 8 Fair Oaks street, on* Eighteenth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car.
No carriages.
GAUCH— In this city, January 28. 1896, Katie,
beloved wife of Adam Gauch, mother of Carrie
and Willie Gauch, beloved daughter of George
and Kate Hauser, and sister of Mrs. C. Young,
Mrs. H. Hunken and Annie, George, Henry and
Willie Hauser, a native of San Francisco, aged
31 years 4 months and 4 days.
&7*Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her parents, Railroad avenue, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth, South San Francisco.
INKS— In Seattle, Wash., January '29, 1896,
Deetmna H. Haines, formerly of San Francisco.
HUSSEY— In this city, January 29, 1896, at his
residence, 15011/3 Turk street, Patrick . 1., hus-
band of Kittle Manning Hussey, and father of
Mamie C. Hussey, a native of Albany, N. Y.
[Sew York and Albany papers please copy, j
lgs"Friend3 are invited to attend the funeral
TO-MORROW (Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from
his late residence, thence to Holy Cross Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock a. m. Intercut Holy Cross Cemetery
by 11:45 o'clock a. m. train from Valencia-street
station. Omit flowers.
JOHNSON— In Elmhurst, Alameda County, Janu-
ary 27, 1896, Christine Johnson, a native of
Sweden, aged 35 years 1 month and 4 days.
KEAN— In this city. January 29, 1896,Th0mas L..
beloved husband of Mary J. Kean, father of
Henry A. Kean, and brother of John F. Kean,
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 71 years and
14 days. '
SyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
full v invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
. dence, 40 Clementina street. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KING— In this city, January 2S, 1896. George C,
beloved son of Ann and William B. King, and
brother of William H. and Warren King, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years.
i^~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents, 629 a Minna street, thence
to Holy Cross Cemetery by 11:45 o'clock a. m.
train.
KOCH— In this city, January 29, 1896, Joseph
Koch, father of Frederick, William, Jacob, Lena,
and Lizzie de Lancy, a native of Vera, Germany,
aged 63 years. '
LESSEN— this City, January 29, 1896, Captain
Francis Lessee a native of Poland, aged 68
years.
j£g" Friends and members of the Polish Society
of California are respect Invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock a. m., from St. Joseph's Home, Park Hill,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at the
above hour. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McILWAIN— In this city, January 28. 1896. John
Jlcllwain, beloved brother of Agnes and the late
Alexander Mcllwaln. uncle of Lizzie and Aggie
Mcllwain, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 68
years 9 months and 11 days.
aSTFnends anil acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at '- o'clock p. m., from his late
residence. 61 Shipley street. interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MESTRE— In this city, January 29,;i896, Michael
Mestre, a native of Belgium, aged 62 years.
"OAKES— In Colmn, San Mateo County, January
28, 1896, Patrick, beloved husband of Julia
Oakes, and father of James, Maggie and Eddie
Oakes, Mrs. Thomas Harrison and Mrs. Thomas
Toobey, a native of County Louth, Ireland, aged
54 years. ; '
jQ3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, Col ma, thence to St. Ann's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PURCHASE— the City ana County Hospital.
January 29, 1896, William H. Purchase, aged 65
years.
SCHOFFIELD— In this city, January 26. 1896,
John T. Kchoffietd, a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years. .
SULLIVAN— In this city. January 27, 1896, F.
Sullivan, a native of Massachusetts, aged 30
years.
VARY— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 29, 1896, Mary Vary, aged 50 years.
WALSH— In Alameda, January 29, 1896, Mary
' C, beloved wife of James C. Walsh, and mother
of Mrs. F. Reid and F. M., John and Harry
Walsh, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 63 years.
JS9T Friends and acquaintances are re.sDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 3222 Enclnal avenue, thence to st,
Joseph's Church, where a mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
WEGMANN— In , this city, January 29, 1896.
August Wegmann, a native of Germany, aged
45 years. .
flQ»~Frlends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Thursday), at
1:30 o'clock p. m.. at the parlors. of X. Gray
Co., 6-11" Sacramento street.. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. :
. i UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I '
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Heasonablo Hates. ' ~ ' • *
| Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
- (VIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, j
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKRs 1 ,
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
• Telephone 3080.
EJab. McMexokbt. Chas. McMen-omby.
JAMES McMEN'OMEY A SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAUIERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh. :
■ TelephoneKo. 3354. M^^
CYPRESS LAWS CEMETERY, ■■
IN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIANj
JL laid out on the lawn plan: perpetual care ; beau*
tiful, permanent and easy of access; ace it before
fearing a burial place elsewhere.
City OflUtf. V City Hall Aveoat*
1314
JOHN ROGERS,
BORN IN 1792.
The Story of a Man From
Malta, Now in Poverty
at Oakland.
ALONE IN AN OLD BARN.
Penniless and Without a Rela
tive, and Waiting Only
for Death.
HE WAS IN THE WAR OF 1812.
Coming to California in the Early Min
ing Eays, He Acquired Wealth
and Lost It.
Oakland Ornrr Sas Fbajtcisco Call,)
roadway, Jan. 29. \
Never has an otlk-L-r of the Humane So
ciety visited a place of squalor that can
compare with the miarters occupied by
John Rogers, 104 years old, near the foot
John Hogers of Oakland, Who Was Born in .Malta in 1792 and Came to This Country
a Century Ago.
of Jefferson street. The sole human occu
pani of the place which was visited by the
Humane Society's secretary to-day baa
lived four years longer than a century,
and, with his horse, he inhabits an old
barn turough which the bright sunshine
came generously. During the recent
storms tne rains came with equal freedom.
The seepage from the portion of the
shanty that is partitioned off for the horse
trickles across the portion occupied by the
centenarian and keeps muddy the floor of
earth. Ail around the walls are rags and
refir'tcff tinware that have been gathered by
the old man during many years. The bat
tered stove, held together by rusty wire,
was bought thirty years ago at a second
hand store in San Francisco, and is long
past the age of usefulness.
A fewcracKed and rusty pans and pots
complete the apology for eating apparatus,
and of furniture there is not a vestige. A
sack of rags is the only bed the old man
ha* slept on for years, and now it is soaked
and covered with mildew. There is not a
dry corner in the place and the rats hold
high carnival night and day.
But although he lacks any comfort
known to civilization, old John Rogers is
careful that his poor old horse shail be
made as comfortable as circumstances will
permit, and the only tight piece of roof is
over the trembling, shaggy quadruped.
The neighbors say that when they give
John food the horse will be attended to
first, and if there is any left the old man
will eat it.
Rogers is a study, no matter from which
standpoint he is viewed. The abject pov
erty and squalor are pitiable. The man
does not seem to feel the cold, and bis skin
is like -wrinkled leather. For half a cen
tury he has worn a rosary around his neck,
and has never failed to daily use it. The
beads have been so long around his neck
that there is a groove into which they fall
from having been so long, buttoned close
to the skin. Rogers prizes th.3t rosary and
says the Archbishop of Malta pave it him
more than a lifetime ago. Hunger and
privation do not seem to have lessened his
devotion, for old John still retains all his
early reverence.
In one respect nature has been kind to
NEW TO-DAY.
©ticma
Purifies and Beautifies
the Skin by restoring
to healthy activity the
Clogged, Irritated, In-
FLAriED, Sluggish, or
Overworked Pores. { -4
Sale rretter than the combined tale* of all other Skin
Soaps. Sold throughout the world. BritUb depot: F.
Niirmi ft sots, London. Poitis Duva * Chsm.
Cost., SoU Prop*., Boiton, U. B. A.
the centenarian. During the past few
months his mind has shown signs of giv
ing way and what would be hardship to
others are unnoticed by him. As he sat
this afternoon, cold and hunprry, on the
top of an old chest, his greatest anxiety
was for his horse and he feared that the
bowl of boiled potatoes with which he fed
his favorite was not sufficient. For him
self he had no thought.
Little by little the centenarian un
folded the romantic chapters of ois life's
history.
He was born at Malta in 1792 and came
to this country when he was 7 years of
age. In the historic war of 1812 Rogers
was a soldier and, although he does not
remember the details of his early warlike
experience, he still retains his recollection
of dates.
Years ago, in the early fifties, Rogers
came to California in the ship Thompson,
of which he was the second mate. Ke
deserted, like thousands of others, and
rushed to the gold mines, and although
then a comparatively old man he took
quite a fortune out of the earth.
"What did you do with it?" he was
asked.
"It went just as fast as I could throw it
away — yes, throw it away."
While in Seattle twenty years ago Rogers
was robbed of what little he had and since
then he has been a broken-down peddler.
During the last year he has been unable to
go around with his horse and wagon and
has received some aid from the Super
visors. Now he is utterly incapable to help
himself at all and it is urged that he should
be housed in some public institution.
Words cannot picture the extreme priva
tion that Ropers now struggles against.
He has not a friend or a relative, is with
out a cent, a bed or a meal ; yet he uncom
plainingly looks forward to the grave
daily, deriving some little solace from
faithfully going through his rosary without
missing a single bead.
ARCHITECT AIKEN'S WAY.
Throws the Blame for His Delay
Upon the Federal
Judges.
Accordingly They Have Interested
Senators Perkins and White as
to Their Needs.
United States Judges McKenna and !
Morrow have evidently been made use of j
by Government Architect Aiken as scape
goats to explain his delay with the plans
for the new Federal buildine.
Some time ago they found that the
plans which Mr. Aikon inherited from his
predecessor provided for much poorer ac
commodations in the way of courtrooms,
chambers, clerks' offices and libraries than
they have now. The Judges need more
room, instead of ltss, and tne man who
drew the original plans seemed to have
had a very poor appreciation of the de
mands of justice. The way the rooms
were located, too, did not allow for light,
ventilation or quietude, to say nothing of
space. The Federal Judges are the cus
todians of the old Spanish archives, and
they need plenty of room, and they are
naturally entitled to decent accommoda
tions.
Mr. Aiken had allowed the impression
to get out that the delay in the plans was
due to the tardiness of the Judges in mak
ing known to him their needs, but the
fact is, according to statements made by
both jurists yesterday, that they had al
ready sent on to "Washington their sug
gestions as to the alterations required in
the plan?, but heard nothing more of the
matter until Mr. Aiken's visit here. They
then called upon him and talked things
over and they learned that he was totally
unaware of their communication. How
ever he suggested that they formulate
their plans again, and they did so, audit
was supposed Mr. Aiken would remodel
his plans after his return to Washington.
Their recommendations went no further,
though, and even when they sent on a po
lite note of inquiry the supervising archi
tect did not have the grace to reply to it.
All the satisfaction they ever trot was the
quoted newspaper interview of Mr. Aiken
throwing the blame for the delay on them.
Finally Judge McKenna, on behalf of
Judge Morrow and himself, communi
cated witn Senator Perkins. The Senator's
answer came promptly and informed
them that both he and Senator White
would give the matter immediate atten
tion.
Mr. Aiken still tries to make them the
scapegoats for his own carelessness, pro
crastination and neglect of duty.
Once More the "Chutes."
At last the sun has made its reappearance
after an absence of many days, and the some
what damp "chutes" and "trolley," on Haight
street, have put on a cheerful appearance oiice
more and resumed operations. The manage
ment is now prepared to comfortably accomo
date crowds of any size, and business will be
larger, if anything, than before the rains.
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN IMI'ORTXXG TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, chinaware, Glassware and
Tinware
CHEAPEST OF ALL. TRY THEM.
Very Pretty Dishes. Very Cheap Prices.
62 Market street. S. F., Headquarters.
BUANUII STORES EVERYWHERE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 30, 1896.
ITS SCHEDULES
DEFY THE LAW.
: The Southern Pacific Run
ning High-Speed Trains
in the City.
THIRTY MILES AN HOUR.
An Entire Disregard of the Legal
Provisions for Safety at
Crossings.
TWO SETS OF INSTRUCTIONS.
1
Employes Asked to Conform to Each
Though One Is Directly Opposed
to the Other.
In connection with the two wrecks that
have occurred on the coast division atten
j tion has been drawn to the methods em
! ployed by the Southern Pacific to evade
I both the law and the responsibility for ac
cidents.
According to the company's printed
rules and time-tables directly contradic
tory orders are given to the men who oper
ate the trains on this division.
In the special instructions to employes
rule G is as follows:
Trains will not run faster in city and town
limits than the speed allowed by law, namely,
fcan Francisco, eight miles per hour. * * *
The time-table of the coast division line
from here to Monterey shows tiiat trains
are run within the City limits of San Fran
cisco at a speed that is never less than an
average of fifteen miles an hour, and which
in two instances is an average of thirty
miles an hour, or nearly four times the
legal rate of speed.
Where the company comes nearest to
observing the City ordinance prescribiug
the eight-mile speed limit within the City
is on the daily passenger train which
leaves here at 6:45 a. m. and runs through
to Hillsdale, five miles the other side of
San Jose. The run from Third and Town
send streets to the Valencia-street station,
a distance of three miles, is made in
twelve minutes, an average of a mile in
four minutes, or fifteen miles an hour.
Then from Valencia street to Ocean
View the train reaches the thirty-miles
an-hour speed. The distance between these
points is four miles, and it is covered in
eitiht minutes, or should be according to
the time-table, thus giving a speed of a
mile in two minutes. But this is not an
isolated instance, for the same speed is
shown by the time-table for the daily San i
Jose express, which leaves this City at
5:30 o'clock, the train on which Eugineer
I Keyer lost his life last Sunday,
n trains leave this City from Third
Townsend streets each day, a few of
h, however, do not run on Sundays,
every one of them is operated on a
time schedule that is a gross violation of
the law, and the same holds good of the
ten trains that arrive daily at this point.
This state of affairs is one that has] long
been a source of bitter complaint with
people who reside along the line of the
road, and the killing of Mrs. Ellen Fury
on Monday last would have been avoided,
it is claimed, had the trains been operated
according to law.
Railroad men who are familiar with the
coast division run, and who knew Jack
Keyer, the victim of the wreck near Baden
on Sunday, are positive tnat the dead en
gineer did not know of a red light signal
Hashed for him. They say Keyer was too
old a man in the business and too careful
to have taken any chances such as Fireman
Gill says he took. The general opinion is
that Gill was not properly attending to his
duty, ana that in order to make it appear
that he was he claimed to have seen ihe
signal, and to have communicated the fact
to the engineer.
One of these men explained his reasons
for believing this theory as follows:
"In making the run between Ocean
View and Baden the encine is generally
allow to run by gravity, as there is
Kicient grade. In consequence there is
need of the fireman attending to the
ies of keeping up the fire in the furnace
01 the engine, and when a fireman is not
employed in 'tiring' he is expected to
keep on the lookout for danger of all
kinds. Now, the chances are that Gill was
I not strictly attending to his duties and
failed to see the signal, which was on his
side of the cab."
It was further stated by a former rail
road employe that the accident at the
| Santa Clara crossing was not a matter of
much surprise to those who have worked
on either the narrow-gauge or broad-<»auge
road. It is almost the invariable rule for
the trains at this point to violate the State
1 law, which requires all trains to stop not
! less than 200 feet from a railroad crossing.
I In this case the railroad men say ihere
i was the same disregard of rules and law
I and that in the race that took place to see
; which train could make the crossing tirat
j the collision was brought about.
They add that had tbe law been com
| plied with such a collision as that which
I occurred on Saturday would have been
impossible. The trains wonld have come
j to a full stop each about 300 feet from the
crossing. Thus there would have been no
danger of a collision. But trains moving
toward one another, they say, present a
very different proposition.
The railroad officials who have been in
vestigating the train wrecks of Saturday
and Sunday are not ready to make public
their conclusions as to who is to be held
responsible. They claim they are waiting
for additional witnesses, among others
Engineer Stanley, who is still unable to
give testimony.
It has been feared that the injured engi
neer would have to lose his leg, but it was
concluded by the physicians yesterday
that amputation would not be necessary.
Huelinantel'g Alimony.
Bernard Huelmantel had been ordered to
pay his ex-wife, Caroline Huelmantel, $15 a
month alimony, and he is now under contempt
of court for not doing so. He was before the
court on an order to show cause yesterday and
he was adjudged guilty of contempt. He was
given until to-morrow to pay up his alimony,
however, and if he has not settled up by that
time he will be sent to jail.
A Jeweler Fails.
Nat M. Raphael, retail jeweler, on Kearny
street, near Sutter, has failed for about
$40,000. He owes his father $5000 and his
father-in-law $2000. He also owes Phelps &
M iller $1 '2,000 and M. Schussler $2100. There
is due Eastern cieditors about $20,000. The
assets of the store are of uncertain value. He
attributes his failure to depression in business
and will make some settlement with his
creditors.
NEW TO-DAT.
Some Shoes
hurt feet. Goodyear Welts
don't. Feet rest with com-
fort in them. All dealers
sell them. All ages, both
sexes, may wear them.
Goodyear Welts are leather shoes, not rubber.
GOODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON
. " NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS. ' ./ . , : __^_^_^^. '^•~^~>
( ;J?|^|\ ' SPECIAL SELLING-! '
: ( % :: fy * ]|f THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY.
k M&S i ' I ' S> -^-o-v®^ — —
t 7m\\ if ' T ° ° UR PATRONS— week we place on special sale our entire line of Muslin Underwear. We
L ~^*K~^\ have made special reductions to prevail for the week only, and sincerely hope our regular patrons will
_\gjgft . take advantage of the opportunity offered. We have made the quotings for our regular retail cus-
J^ =:^&s- tomers, and will under no conditions make any sales to dealers. We think our markings are the
fe Vs (j lowest ever made in San Francisco, and are positive our garments possess the highest excellence in
• (^° v ~%, x material and workmanship. Assuring you our descriptions are perfectly accurate,
■ *" ' . ' We remain, very respectfully, HALE BROS.
, OUR ANNUAL
DRCCC PftnrtO Every pattern quoted
UflllOO UUUUui is lor special selling,
Every pattern new, fashionable, sensible, ser-
viceable and desirable. Maple lines. They
are satisfactory goods. The, time to buy is
when we quote" as below.
I We will offer a special
Fane— I line of 75c -fancy- Silks; !\(\ c
Silk all good staple colors and O\J . •
guaranteed all silk. Spe- Yard '
. cial sale price... ■
} For. 75c per yard we I
p..™ I will give you your choice I 1 C
silk of several broken lines of I «-> • .
Blllt I .?1 '25 and ■*1 50 fancy : Yard
I silks, 20 to 24 inches wide
■
. , ,
Rlanlc I A special line: black : "
Itrooaded figured, all new designs, f>(\C
isroiaaea M small and medium ef- DU
311 K I fects. Special sale price.. Yard
I We guarantee it to be I
Black 120 inches wide, all pure | 7XC
Satin silk and line finish: 111
Duchess 1 worth. SI. Special sale Yard
I price.... I
,T. .._ I Finished on both sides; I
Klart 120I 20 Inches wide; guaran- 1 H~C
f', o , I teed all silk: worth $1. I **)
Luxor I Special sale price | Yard
A good heavy quality; I
Black all silk: fast dye; it is | QQC
Gros worth $125 a yard; 20 1 t/O
Grain inches wide. Special sale I Yard
price -I ]
]
Black Extra! heavy quality; I
v.?u« an ure silk, 23 inches I ©I .00
snic widft : worth ?1 25 per *Jp 1
0 yard. Special sale price.. | Yard •
_ " "~ <
For^sl yard your choice I 1
,-,,,,.., of two line, of fancy | ©"1.00
Silk striped silk, 20 and 22 I «Ip±
Blll£ [ncbe* wide: was $1 25 Yard ■
and $1 60 per yard |
~~~~~~ j
Your choice lof four I
F ._._ lines fancy French silks, I ©1.00 -
Silk 20 and '-"-' inches wide. | «3>l '
i3*i _ We sold them all season Yard j ]
for $1 85 and .■?'.» yard | ]
J
Fane- I An extra heavy fancy ,
»*": L, I GrovGrain Silk, all good ©1.00
Silt I staple colors: was $2. Sbl M
SUK I Special sale price Yard i '
HALE BROS., 937. 939, 943, 945 Market St.
~~~ " " ■ RAILROAD TRAVEL: _ _ I RAILROAD TRAVEL,'
fi^ ft rtiiTrninmn/tA o vnnmn ni soumbbs pacific conPixr,
• /fWORT*-5^ , - A 4 ; SAN FRANCISCO & IVORTH PA- (rAcirio system.) -•.Vv.vrt.-
__tfAs jrr/^m^^fesr^^ -^W //,, WAliriLilll/WllV IVllVllllllli" Tralw leave nn.l nrc due to arrlf « at
*"-* "l^^STt^^Sr! J^^^^S^^^f^S^V^^ l/lffil; llAlLllill (If. ixavb - From November 20. 1835. - arkiv
" — Z^&'Uy^f ''^t^k: a~| — ; Tiwon ° f »«*•* «• ?jsst sg^sSars2Mrss:: 10 » : :«p
.W^'^^W /V/ ;)!^^s) If -& San Franc co_to San 7:«Oa Benida. Va^il^. Ru^se^B^- 7.15.
JtJe/rrcX* / Jif I / / '/r//f J&23L <£&. in 2 ! WEEK DAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35 ! 7:30 a Martinez, San Eamon. Napa, Calis-
— / 7\s \^S/ siSi :-} 'I l/'if f%jZr ffl HI |BjL_ 3:30, 5:10, p. m. Thursdays-Extra trip | toga and Santa Rosa 6:13»
y\ JhXjj^^/^a&Sr-l /i % rf //z J/Z^ I W&B i7i^jr\ atll:3op. x. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 8:»0a Nile?.. San Jose, Stockton. lone.
*S\ / TK jYßfijß I W K. V ZrA?^'' I *&& MIjM and 11:30 P. M. Sacramento, MftrysTiilc, Re.T Jilnff
V' I j»<r l/mZaS U yV;J '' Z^Z^-j^ M W%k ! AMSSM BUNDAY«-8:OO, 9:30, 11:00 A. U.; 1:30,3:30, ami Sundays excelled 0r0T111e. ... 4:l«r
/V \ X ll^wSf fo& / . t!9n^m^~^ rf^ /**? Vr*f HVWm 5:00,6:20 p.m. ' »8:3Oa Peters and Milton "7:1
/ / A \ lima S /fflß^ r/^ r f ' ■'^ w >? T?,.r u^i ,„ c nl , Francisco 9:00 a San Leandro, Hay Tvaroj& Way Sfns 11.43*
/ / A \Ws33ffl /L /A/ / WWSSsf "*- kn '- 'r-- 1 —— " San R«fael to San irancisco. 0:0Oa Los Angles Express. Raymond,
/ V \\fflWj|. * * , Au-i ri()(]f )( If WEEK DAYS-&:25, 7:55, 9:30,. 11:10 A. M.; (for Ycssmite), Santa Barbara
t XNaM^y ■ ■-- -"g-V**^ -^ AViS -...-!. 3:40, 5:10 P. M. Saturdays-Extra trips and Los Aucelew 4:4»r
VvSif %\\^=- <==• —^ f% <J^gg*«y^\» ' at 1:55 p.m. and 6:35 p.m. 9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 1O:45&
> / . fflt^t' tiV "»\ yg^ . /«V^ — Z*t~i SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40,3:40, 1d:OOa San LeaDdro. Haywcj-iU and Niles.. 1:43r
111 \&ftAj IID -\V f ~ s S.-^£y > - I t.Hln ,'"■■" <iy '' 6:00,6:25 p.m. 9:40, 11:10 a. v.; 1:40,3:40, 1«:«Ca San Leandro, HaywEj-ds and Kiles . 2:45*
/ / TlMVrf 111 -\V "^V. / ffiLjiSi" ly' 6:00,6:25 p.m. 12:OOu San Leandro. Ha'-warda A Way St'na 2:45*
f / I TOS/ ''Hi *Vv X Ao^jfcl I Between Han Francisco and Schnetzen Park sam« l:00p Nilcs, San Jose LiTerraore Bi43a
I I TR U, - V^s»^« — \ Lci~)m I schedule as above. ■ ■ »l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »O:OOp
/I T3 —^^s^___ _- - N^-^^^ffi^ffl f _ _ .„.„., — : Arrive ' fl:3Op Port Costa ami Way Stations t"s4sr
I \ Vw. st^S^S«-— JMtSgSH «, V, p '"., n Ineffpct San Krancisro. I :S:0Op SanLeandro, Haywardat Way St'ns 5:45r
r\ --^-S^ 1 J^~^^4(KFm ' "_ "" San tranclsco. Oct 28. San trancisco. 4:00p SanLeaadro; Haywards&WaySfcs 6:46»
■ '\\ .^ftk*.^ ' ' ■■«ir**i' n - /i^v^all n '„■„„„ . „_„ 1895. Snv . i Wi , rir 4:OOp Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
\ // S f^F'pil : ;tr: < D^l^vs. destination. g^\ [ SaXlU^?'?^.^.^.".?.^ •<!■*
ill ■/ %\ TT^^iL^ / "* 'B»\»iVSi. **l) i * 7-40 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:50 am *:»•* Bc&leia, Esparto, Woodland. ,'«
l^**-^ As » >4 '-uiT?^ *"■" 3:30 pm 9:30 am! Petalnma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am ' Knights Landing MarysTille,
y >"^--. .-.- ™**><Jr''Si* ". ■ ■ »■'■ \ ■ %' >i7."""'\-fc •■ ■ -4 : i 6:10 pm : 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 fm Oroville and Sacramento lAi43«
_S M y I .£ x '"'" — : STt: ~~ " — ~" — ~ ~~ — " 4»B«pNilcs, San Jos<s, LiTermoro and
I [ 7 i_ ' & C Vi" .. „ Fulton, ■ Stockton 7'\H&
I \({ \ "•%. W ' *'•• 7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am B:00p San Leandrc, Haywardafc WaySt'ns 8:43»
. \ vj «v . \ } *.. "j, "** v neaiasourg, 3:3 Up New Orleans Kxprec3,l''resuo.Bakers<
,\ \ "v V/ ) *'*"'•*•-—■--•« 3:30 pm 8:00 am I Cloverdale.' 7:30 pm 6:15 pm liold. Kaiita llarbara.Jxw Augele*.
\\\ \ . \ >* / / -,;•-' *>-r~««!a«»i 1 '- 3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm East Ell'aso.Kew Orleans and ri«:43*
\*\ "»'- ; / / >,^ ! H.opland & B:3<lr Sauta l o Route, Atlantic Express
\\\ V^ I/ 7:40 am 8:00 am TJkiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm fc^ for Mojave and Kast S^- *£«*
\ \ \ S N»^ J/ 7:40 am 10:30 am O:OOi>llr.Ttrnrd!<, Nilcsaud San Jose 7:43*.
\ \ N. r7>s^J. «^^ ft 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:3opm J7:o»p Vallejo t7:43p
V N^N. S ~*~'^^*l ( — **^*.^ 8:30 pm I 6:15 PM 7:OOp Oregon Sacramento, Marj-a-
-\ " =• *^ \\ .^ 7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am ,»lel e.lUl,> Portland, i'oget
..*. -=S^--.- \l — __ — . tm LIOPM 5:00 PM and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm 7iOOf Sound and Last 10:43*.
7l = a *» M 1 - >- IT 5.10PM 5.00pm a "? b.OOPM O.iaPM 7:<m»p gaa Leandro, Hay war.lst Way Sfns 1O:5O*
' ' ■V*^ ~~ men j.uen. j I . 9:OOp San Leandro. Way St us ttl2:«OA.>
• . -— • ? 7:40 am 1 8:00 am! S p Da . tO noi 110:40 am 10:30 am qiO:»sp " Sunset OsaJtod," Fresno, Los
If C a \A/1 nnO n &\H>ri\j\ im & 3:3opm|6:oopm| Bepa3[ °P Ol - | 6.05 pm| 6:15 pm j Anycles. El Paso. New Orleans
us a winner every time g^^s§sv2s^^^^«. <^^^^™^™j*^
nA^TI IS* ik VPi llfl ininP - Stapes ,, c on^ t at plet » for ' X ™ & Springs, \ SANTA CUIZ DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
Ijikfs, I-aurel Dell. Upper Lalcp, 'Boontivllle.Orean- BonlderCreek.SantaCruzandWny
■BPlHSraftk _^/|^_^^3_ j^%m Cahto,\vi™le°ts,Calprtla, Porno, Potter Valley, John •2:15p Newark. Centerville. San Jose. New
BDAT'I LD /\A rLUU MltllC iVSdU K ;K"onno«TuWhforvic h y-s^^^^^ ■a.Aß^c^i^jyftto; •
■JfOS 138 I^kPS iHiirelKell Upper Lake, Booneville, Ore«n- BoulderC'reek.SantaCruzand Way
Km B2*. wood.Mendocinn City. Fort Bruß?. Usal. Westport, ._ __ Stations. 3il*|
I IhM »al Bt& Kmf% Cahto Willetts Calpella, Porno, I'otter Valley, John •ailSp Newark. Con'orTille, San ,looC. New
■tfriii^ ' IQWTCTO SB J^ JHiflk IH. JMT Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scoita Almaden, Fclton, llouldcr Creek.
'tfiMfflL JKniBBW M *BBk Hi UM a nd Fureica Sallt .-' ( ' rn7 - aml Vrincipal Way
*^M raTHI nflrH JBHMmn Wflr Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced Stations..... :•-••">: * 1 I l ?2^
I MBB SB 1 fjfj Htf WB fflnUK «** I rates • 4:13p Newark, San J«-so Bnd l^s t'atos 9:34 a,
j/StSt pfi BB IB BftfflSil uGJEm Jl^a !%. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be- | t11:43p Hunters' Recursion. 6an Jose and
.^•■'■iT S |ffi' 89 Ba mfflal Jg| B^K JSBTPk. JS^s^. yond San Kafapl at hair rates. Way Stations t t7>»4>y;
iJPliili'W 'fjl ißl^r JHSWaLg" *^^KJElfc^* Ticket Ottice«,66o Market St., Chronicle building. . WAST IKVISIOS (Third * •foiTiMMHI SU.) rf
tmmnm iPW Sff vHf " lP^ "^ '^*S3?P .-.-"" 1^ _ • . H.C. WHITING, and arrive R. X. RYAN, «:45a San Josa n...l Way Stations (New
ffi9LHv Wr W W _-«*tftf^^^^lifBW^ lien. Manager. Oen. I'ass. Agent. Almadcn Wednesdays only) 1:4»»
iwtßwKa '^tm • __«^ ~ ~~ — "~ BilsA.San Joso, Tres Piuns, S»nt:i Criiit.
f ,««*^rt^^^^^^^^ af^MTnE^^EH « • tfßr%?r~rT-^D_ Pacilic prove, Taro Ruble;, Han
«^ wWBKw^^SB3WCvSI A tIo tiTir* Alfef^k. Luis Oliispo, Guadalupa aud Prin-
I I'lHilin W£t&&3s&£3£j7F f\V. ICi 11 VIC cipal Way Stations 7=o3*
jgeiJlßlß" 1 ' JPC--7JLT£t ' lO«4oASanJo?iranilWiiySt;itioiiB 3:OOP
O*^"^" AND <^S?"<3W^ft. ' 11:45 a Talo Alto and Way Stations 3:30»
WgjgffSU "f"ff M "WlSf-.-i Ljrf^^W! IF^ ' •* !SO »'Saii.lose, GUrny, Tros Finos, SanU
BinEHW Hn nS sf^ ;*"'*=  J f^d.C'lllC' jß^^SßffMaSßi ; •3::iOpBanJoso'andi ; rYuci'palWny Stations »:*^A
Effl KS XU Hk ftSH BlS^^a^H ■ •l:3or«anJosoand shiti.iim 12 : ?2*
WT™ iaWWU— WsagMJBP wLjm w«iiH<»\r» VmiSsr^iateagrg S:3Ui> San .lose and W:iy Si al ions ? : A«*
IISBSSSS WaSIW BAII.KOAD vSKT^SI Mr «:::<»rBan Jose and AV»yStrU ions 6:X%.\
HTL. OI -_ t^j—p C^QT PilC^r^O Of at Market-Street Ferry. vQSft£||rQVms From CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
II Ivs IdryCOl .\J\K\JC- Ui SANTA FE express a ,gs «»". «■ *8" " M
■ ma , -H ff 1 I » If II lyHl f V 1 Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago "j.OQr.M. .
% itt. It I 8 M 11 /L/MV^l *V'y via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for A for Morning. '* P for Afternoon.
V^V^V^*™^ Dpnvera Chicago limited,: . '— — tWayson,, "*•"*»«*
. i ' - ''i;- ~" m T:"^.- . _ f . ■ 4 f Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only-
/-^ //Nli^ •T^/'^i/H T/S^* I/^N •^^VrS4/ 1^ From LOS AngeleS tO Chicago. STnesdaya and Saturdays « Bnndays and :hnnd»m
|>^\ I\S*\ ' V Sf 111 I If IF If 1 I l^\ I I >»*. Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars, 11. ""- ■ •
lf^-.\/lf^ | IV J\V I IV 71 111 \r > I II under Harvey a manasement. Connecting trains
VVVI ■■ - /V-/lX^. IV-/1 IV> v\>>i/.l,V;:l lo\^; leave San Francisco at 9 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. daily. f\|> IVAY^ IVAA ■*.
• ' - ' ' -■■■-... ■ * - The best railway from California to the East. Illf II II llf 111911 wWSSrOV
. ._ , . ' New rails, new ties; no dust; Interesting scenery; J/ll* II VII W," j^ffli?^ >,%
•-.■■-. and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining- Chinese Drugs X
nEOtgl/A/p DR. LEPPER'S Ticket Market Street. ■»* s^WrVumf^ m
h.WfßajJlJr' B "'jL.JgBUj^ at -. ■■!■•■■ - Chronicle Bulluiag. 776 CLAY STREET, gLjSJ* W
ffim^j*±fflmmi ELECTRIC LIFE! mtiipacmc coast railkoad ISfii ftf
T*l I JimiMlHl>T l. B J X LlLlljJf Cures lUieumatisni, Neuralgia, Bruises, ft 010 Ban Francisco, beginning October i! 7, 189 S. troilblp for « v<t 10 vcars * HwrX »!/ "
WMUiMjW m .wiAnraV CureslthtHMmtisni, >rural K ia, Uriuses, ; WEEKDAYS. snfferpc! fo^ ver 10 years * WsP^J f 4
V 2l27^ffir Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swelling.. For Mill Valley and San r.afael-7:30. 9:15, 11:00 b " %' T '{ v ?oT,.' Woo. ' kfP " J. •*
"""'■VripilYSr"^ aiT S T O ps AI-I- I'AIX. a. m.; 1:45, 3:45, 6:15, 6: i?:*i?i»,6:isr.«. ' WM.GtJIiL, o, l^W^fUi
■*faCV!DMVC!\ att TVnrnV-r^T'T sfii tt Ban Quentln-7:30. 9:15 a. m.: 1:«, 5:15 r. m. Dalies, Or. fflW&&&W ■ /£**?■
*«*./IKNT^* . , I' vi Jivn I, i Ltti «■ Kxtra trirs ior San Bauel on Mondays, Wednet- Nov. 20, 1895. JSf§^iS©?>^^
TBTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR 50 CENTS AM) SI A BOTTLE. flays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. honrs: 9:30 to IIH
1 eyes and fit. them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses , . ; :>,-, _ „„. v „ « bU^ A l Ti^.nd San Qnentln- AM : 1 to3 ' 7 to 9 *'' ™ ' tWW *^*«^SWB6WR 1
with instrument, of his own. invention, wrhoia nTnY n TTATTnn r « r^"in V™ /i' ? n S i \fl 100 430 *6-15 . :
55sr^--- RIGGS HOUSE f " r:s§slf:,,J i^nt.i.m.iM.isi
-T-^ffjSgg"- 12 t0 *F - 1 1 1 Vfl \A V IIVUfJJJI 7:30 a. m. weetdays-Caradero and way stations. g°| AJ J^ gP. I tiTR 9 J ftf 9
... ■■■■"'.'■'.' 1:45 p. if. Saturdays — Tomales and way stations. • MBBH— WMSSB»ni ill»!TSMM«sdfcas«aßßsWaij
J "BS Mgg _ WIXjCOXCOMrOUND __ Washington, ID. O. ', 6:00 a. m. s,,nn.->v; r»m, K^ve, ana w.yM»tloa» 3HAVE YOU colore^a & s C3 6id C s P o^l
IT ANSYQPILLS Th«Hot.l»P«rJExc.llen«e» NOTARY PUBLIC. fe^EDycO^O^' V.-me COOR 1
Jf £rtßiXi*tP I'^ WlimlmtJ Of the CapitaL First class In all nppola* HVlftM «-»i-.i w. HcM^o 111 to?^2J^ a ". onlc Temple,
"■ Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Take : ments. O. D.WITT. Treu. pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT- Htol.^^o^O. W^c^'c'SS £ ?r S
CO., 2% SOUTH EIGHTH ST..i'HILADA. I PA, I Upward. • . phone 670. Residence telephony "Pine 2591." tSSiß?S9g! fp™™™7lß^^
JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE CONTINUES!
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR! j
SPECIAL SELLING THIS WEEK— Desirable, Fashionable and
Well-fitting garments. You cannot bay the material for the prices
we ask this week. v j
drawers I Open or dosed. Special sale Pair «own 8 sleeves £ach
' l )rlce ••• I Special sale price
! ' — — ■ — : Heavy Muslin; line-
-r Good quality heavy Muslin. . T ', SmMrifnSyo^"
Ladles'.. Four tucks with neat em- QAC ladles' clmbric ruileTn collar' OZC
Muslin ' broidery, rullled bottom. OK) Muslin down front and on 00
Drawer. I Open or dosea. Special sale Pair "owns sieves: Targe, fSn "ach
1 pnce ::; I sleeves; 4 styles. Spe-
— ; " ■ " cial sale price.. .
I '.Very heavy Muslin. Five Heavy Muslin, six
Ladles' tucks, _ inches embroidery ore T -, , styles; white and col-
Muslin ruffle on bottom, all new open OD J-a^ies' . ored embroidery trim- /7CC
Drawers embroidery. Open or closed. Pair MuBlm ' ned : Princess shape lU .
Special sale price Gowns front; large collar; but- Each
... ".'' ton on side; full sleeves.
— .^ : Special sale price
«npt «-!. „ ii * ' Soft-finished Muslin; .
( ,. S , oft """ 1 5 rt i M , Us l' n , and Ladies' large, full bottom; 4 <n»-|.OO
Ladies' , fl "^ an^ ri °; , 1« styles. to White tuc-i with 7-inch em- «fi)l
Muslin h ,°° h e plr fro " 1 . : . t»cked with f;f)C Skirts broidery ruffle. Special Each
Drawers iJ -' Ilcn embroidery; ruffle on O\J sale price
urawors bottom; bie, generous pat- Pair sale price : :
tern. Special sale price...... Ten styles: high or
-;■;■■•■":■..■::■'.■•: •■■ low necks; sailor, col-
"~~~~~~~- — —— — Ladles* lars; Princess front: all- djj"! .00
f ';?_- _ .„   •■ Muslin over embroidery; large «U)J
Ladies' mffliL hn.T 7 - r I S .. : dee ? ,-«r. Gowns over embroidery ; large Each
m y k y M " sln: dee P Gowns collar; button on side: Kach
aiuslin ruffle on bottom; 4 ; large and (T/\C big sleeves. Special
Skirts \ 3 — '- 11 tucks; 21/2 yards O\J snip nriri'
tsKxrts | wide. Special sale price Each — : sale price .""
All new designs: large
~— — — — — — — embroidery • sailor col-
■o- ; r?/ ? Ladies' lars, embroidery, ruffled 61.25
x ac ii«,,. I Heavy quality Muslin; 3 Muslin or tucked yokes; high and
Muslin ' tucks ' with 6-inch embroi- (JtC | Gowns or low necks; 10 styles, 51. 50
Skirt* I dery ruffle on bottom. Special DO 1 all new; big sleeves. Each
. !-^ c .. l ;.::.^U^^V;.^;,V--"----? - a - I '. Special sale price
NOTIONSJ
Shelf In rolls of 10 yards he NotIOHS (Continued).
«i,»if ea^n: up picking patterns HC i"MOLIOnS (Continued).
i»a intbis: in white, yellow 1
xaper or blue; worth twice ai Roll - — " ; — —
much. Special sale price r-»j.-.«-.-#*» Worth 35c at any time; I
I Tat»?« Rood heavy quality; size OAC
~T, Anvi£. 32x32: the lot to close. ZU
Nice soft Sponges: good Covers Special sale price Each
fr«ii_,* full size; will hold a quart QC • * '
«",;;,«,_ of water; make your bath O
sponges a luxury; worth 25c each. Each -i 8a B I Large size, fancy shaped cards:
Special sale price . Calendars I Landscapes and happy faces;
. - _, calendars I 15c and . J6c eacn
_ „«_ Colored Metal Dress I ~~ ■ ~~ .
Fancy Buttons, all sizes; the lot IAC Flower Faces Calen- I Pansy Calendars. 34c
Ii re ? to close, special sale 1U dars. 50c | Byron Calendars. 14c
Buttons price . Dozen Golden Year Calen- 1 Dickens Calendars... 12c
1 dars... 34c I Tennyson Calendars.l.c
Fabric I a 8 e t d ( s ?ans* ! ACa C u l0 s "es n IAC Large assortment of -New Idea" patterns. The
Gauntlet vllue Repair special 10 i best and cheapest pattern in the market. Price
Gloves I ieprlce ' Pair I 10c each.
nfIMCCTIPC Our "Housekeepers' Har-
UUITIE.O I IbOi vest" is still being reaped
by our customers. We seem to be headquar-
ters for all people that buy domestics and
housefurnishings. . Wonder if the prices have
anything to do with the case?
Canton Unbleached: reduced A IC
Flannel from «%c yard. Special tta
sale price Yard •
Medium colors; thereg- 1 £MC
Flannelettes ularBV3C quality. Special 104 ■
sale price j Yard
Mostly all wool: 26
White Inches wide; value "1 Old "
Flannel 162/3 C yard. Special JLJSj
Sale price Yard
Unbleached ; all linen,
T . H . 60 inches wide; a bright, QRO
iv.7»a«Tr clean Table Clotn Is the OO
jJamasK bps[ tonic for your ap . Yard
I petite in the world
Mottled gray; guaran-
teed all. wool a good
traveling- blanket; (JJjO-85
Blankets warm as sunshine; the «JP^( — -
hard-to-get-up kind: re- Pair 1
duced from $4 50. Spe-
cial sale price
Bleached Sheets.
Made from Pequot, Fruit of the Loom and Lode,
wood Muslins. Slightly soiled.
72x90 48c each; were 65c
72x99 48c each: were 65c
81x90 55c each; were 70c
vix99.... 55c each; were 70c
90x90 60c each; were 70c
90x99 60c each; were 80c
The entire lot to close.
Fleece lined; black and I
„„.-„„, white figures and a good QIC
< ashmere variety of dark shades; O3
Flannelettes or wrappers . special Yard
sale price,
16x29 inches; extra
Huck heavy woven selvage; QP» C
Towels about 250 dozen ; worth OO
I $125. Special sale price Dozen