VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 15.
FORMULATING THE PLATFORM
Free Coinage of Silver Condemned
and the Existing Standard
Advocated.
THE INDIANA AND NEW YORK FINANCIAL
PLANKS WILL BE COMBINED.
Mark Hanna Has the Matter in Hand and Has
Consulted the Republican Leaders, Excepting
T. C. Platt and the White-Metal Men.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— This has not
been a day of rest for Mr. Hanna and his
associates, who are managing the cam
paign of Major McKinley. More effective
work in the matter of constructing a plat
form has been accomplished to-oay than
in any twenty-four hours up to date. Mr
Hanna, since coming to St. Louis, ha? re
ceived letters and telegrams from all parts,
of the country from representative bust
ness men giving him, frequently in detail,
their ideas as to what the financial plank
should be and how it shouid be expressed.
These have been collated and arranged.
The various platforms adopted by Repub
lican State conventions have also been
carefully analyzed and considered. Since
the arrival of prominent leaders Mr.
Hanna has availed himself of the oppor
tunity of personal converse with them on
this important subiect.
The result of all this is that early to-day
Mr. Hanna prepared a rou^h draft of the
platform, which he has submitted to al
most every prominent Republican in St.
.Louis except the free-silver men and Mr.
Platt and those immediately connected
with him in his fight against McKinley.
This platform, so far as the financial plank
is concerned, is a combination of the senti
ment expressed in the platforms of the
New York and Indiana State conventions,
but so framed aa to omit the worus "gold
standard." It will declare for the "exist
ing standard" and strongly condemn the
free coinage of silver. This financial
plnnk will be preceded (if Mr. Hapna's
programme goes throng h ) by a strong and
vigorous declaration for a protective tariff
and reciprocity, coupled with a brief his
tory of tariff legislation and the disastrous
effects upon tne country of the Wilson
bill, with its attending depletion of tne
revenue and its constantly growing de
ficit.
Mr. Fairbanks of Indiana, who will be
the temporary chairman of the conven
tion, was> with Mr. Hanna the greater
jart of the day, and among his visitors
were Mr. Depew and Mr. Bliss of New
York, Mr. Quay of Pennsylvania and Mr.
Lodge of Massachusetts. Of all the promi
nent leaders in St. Louis, Mr. Platt alone
was conspicuous by his absence, but it is
understood that he was made cognizant of
the purport of the pro Dosed financial
piank by others who discussed it with Mr.
Hanna.
While it is true that many of the fcast
ern delegates preferred a declaration out
right for gold, not one criticized the propo
sition submitted to them as being a "strad
dle," or considered it other than as a gold
standard platform, diplomatically ex
pressed. One well-known Nrw Yorker,
who is identified with the moneyed inter
ests of that city, stated to Mr. Hanna that
the plank was strong, even if it did omit
the word "gold."
He argued that the words "gold stand
ard" would be misleading to tne people at
large. They might imagine it to be some
thing capable of a construction other than
the one which they themselves place upon
it. To declare for the present standard
was, he continued, so plain a presentation
McKINLEY AND THE WORKINGMAN.
The above picture is a reproduction of oic o the pictorial arguments which are being scattered
about &t. Louis by the McKinley boomers.
The San Francisco Call.
of the case, that no one could misunder
stand what the Republican party intended
to do if it should come into power. It is
also understood that Chauneey Depew in
dorsed the plank submitted by Mr.
Hanna as being very strong and thor
oughly satisfactory to the Kast.
Mr. Platt still insists that the word
"goid' 1 must appear in the financial plank
of the platform. Nothing else, he says,
will satisfy the East.
"Will the East not be satisfied with a
declaration to maintain the 'present stand
ard' and against free coinage of silver at
any ratio?" Mr. Piatt was asked.
"That is not strong enough," responded
Mr. Platt. "We must have gold, gold in
the platform. There must be no mistak
ing the party's position on the money
question."
Platt has been in conference all day
with representative men — "not McKinley-
I ites, however," he was careful to explain —
; with reference to the financial plank. He
found a gratifying responsiveness to his
insistence that the platform should declare
for tho single gold standard. They are
here from the Dakota", Indiana, Illinois
and other Western States which are known
to be saturated with silver sentiment.
These conferences encouraged him to be
lieve that a majority of the convention
will not only favor the gold standard, but
; will urge a declaration for it.
The anti-MiKinley men at the Illinois
headquarters are greatly exercised over
the report that the eighteen uninstructed
deletes from that State are likely to
join their associates and vote as a unit for
McKinley. Fourteen of these gentlemen
were known to be opposed to the Ohio
candidate, but were not hampered by their
district conventions with instructions. It
now appears thafthe McKinley sentiment
in their localities is so strong that not
only have they nothing to gain by oppos*
ing f t, but everything to lose. This it the
intelligence which a prominent local Re
publican brought to Ht. Louis to-day.
PLATFORM PLANKS.
Illinois Offers a Gold and High
Tariff Resolution.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— Many of the
State delegations caucused during tlie
day and selected their chairmen and made
assignments to the respective committees
on resolutions, credentials, etc. Sonr.e of
them also adopted planks which they pro
pose to offer in tho convention. The
Pennsylvania delegation, with the ap
proval, it is said, of Senator Quay and
Governor Hastings, adopted the following:
Resolved, That district representation in fu
ture Republican National Conventions shall be
based upon the vote cast in each district for
the Republican electoral ticket at the preced
ing Presidential election; provMed, that each
district shall have at least one delegate, and
each State shall have four delegates at large.
The ratio for district representation in thecon
: vention of 11)00 shall be one delegate for each
1 7000 Republican votes polled this year for the
party electoral ticket, with an additional dele
! gate for a fraction exceeding a half thereof,
i In case any State entitled to more than one
1 member of Congress has not been divided into
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORJSING, JUNE 15, 1596.
MARK HANNA, THE ORGANIZER OF THE McKINLEY CAMPAIGN.
The wonderful results which have attended Mr. Hanna's conduct of the McKinley campaign have
served to direct attention to the man and his methods. He is a portly, rosy-faced man, well along in the
fifties. He has bright eyes, a pleasant smile and a quick cordial way of doing things, which keeps every
one in a good humor. He knows how to handle men and turns off business rapidly. He dresses well and
looks more like an old-fashioned English squire than a great politician. He is said to be worth at least
$2,000,000 and has made most of it in coal and iron. The admirable sketch of which the above picture is a
i reproduction was made from life in St. Louis last week by J. Kahler.
! Congressional districts its representation shall
' ?> ascertained by dividing the electoral vote
for 'the entire State by 7000. Hereafter each
National Convention shall fix the ratio of rep
resentation for the succeeding National Con
vention.
If this plan should be adopted it would
effect a reduction of 79 votes, as follows:
Alabama 9, Aikansas6, Florida 2, Georgia
I 11, Idaho 1, Louisiana 6, Massachusetts 2,
Mississippi 7, Nevada 1, North Carolina 5,
i South Carolina 7, Tennessee 4, Texas 9,
! Virginia 8 and Wyoming 1. It would add
i 98 votes to New York, 87 to Pennsylvania,
69 to Illinois, 46 to Indiana, 34 to Missouri,
I and to other States in like proportion,
making a net gain of 121.
George P. Englehardt, one of the Chi
cago McKinley leaders, will offer with the
indorsement of the Illinois delegation the
■following resolutions:
Resolved, That we condemn the existing
tariff as illegal, pernicious and demoralizing,
; in that it fails to provide adequate revenue' for
I the necessities of the' Government, opposes the
welfare of American industries by depriving
the people of the protection which, under Re
publican auspices, ruled with such beneficent
power, imperils the credit of the Nation by
depletion of the gold reserve occasioned by de
ficient revenues and undermines populai con
fidence in the stability and integrity of our
currency system, resulting in destructive
I financial distnrbui ■■»« and in widespread prou
' tration oi Braite.
We demand such a revision of the tariff as
I shall revive and perpetuate the prosperous
influence of discriminating protection to
j American manufacturers and American work
ingmen as -hall re-establish the principle of
; trade reciprocity with foreign nations and
.<hail provide the Government with sufficient
revenues for current expenditures, for the
| maintenance of its credit at home and abroad
( and for an adequate reserve at all times for
; the redemption of all outstanding obligations.
Pending an international agreement for the
j restoration of silver as primary money, to
which action on the part of this Government
we pledge our earnest support, we favor, as a
further guarantee of a sound currency which
equally and vitally concerns all classes of our
population, the maintenance of the existing
. gold standard, with such revision of our cur
i rency laws as shall provide a sufficient volume
of money for the legitimate demands of trade,
but under such conditions and regulations
1 only as snail render at all times every dollar —
1 whether of gold, silver or paper— of equal and
interconvertible value. We favor a currency
system which conforms fundamentally to the
civilization of the age, and are therefore op
posed, under existing conditions, to the free,
| unlimited aud Independent coinage of silver.
The Connecticut delegation organized
to-night with ex-Governor Morgan T.
Bulkeley as chairman and C. M. Jarvis as
secretary. S. M. Fessenden was again
chosen to act as a member of the National
Committee and appointed a member of
the committee on resolutions. The meet
ing lasted over two hours. Most of the
. time is said to have been consumed in an
effort to agree on presenting a solid front
on the first ballot for President. C. M.
Jarvis afterwards said that the member of
the National Committee, Mr. Fessenden,
alone held out for Reed. The other mem
bers of the delegation are all pronounced
for McKinley, and in his opinion they will
vote for him on the first ballot.
The Utah delegation to-night chose W.
S. McCormick chairman and Thomas
Kerens secretary, and appointed the fol
lowing members of the convention com
mittees: Credentials, C. E. Allen; resolu
tions, Frank J. Cannon; member of the
National Committee, O.J. Sauisbury. The
motto of the delegation is "free Silver or
Bust."
"We favor the maintenance of the ex
isting gold standard, and are opposed to
the free coinage of silver, except by inter
national agreement for bimetallism with
the leading nations of the world. :>
This is the text of trie financial plank
upon which Mr. Platt and his friends
agreed at a conference which adjourned
late to-night, and which was attended by
leading Eastern men and a number from
the Middle Western States. It was de
cided that the fight should be kept up for
this plank in the platform, and Mr. Platt
stated that he believed such a plank
would be inserted, and that the so-called
"sound money" men would abandon their
position of insisting upon a plank that
meant gold, but which did not say so in
positive terms.
Besides the New England States, which
were represented at this conference chiefly
by Senator Lodge of Massacnusetts, dele
gates wore present from New York, Perm-
I sylvania, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota,
Washington and Tennessee, all of whom
demanded that there should be no equivo
cation in the platform, but that gold
should be mentioned in such a way that '
there could be no misinterpretation of its \
purport. Among those present were a i
number of delegates from other States, \
who favored Mr. Piatt's proposition but I
were without authority to act for their
States.
After the above plank bad been agreed
to, its text was wired to the moneyed in
terests of New York and especially to J. P.
Morgan. The replies from tuese gentle
men were satisfactory. . They commended
.the terseness 'of the plank and \ unequiv
ocally indorsed its sentiment.' Those who
favor Mr. Platt's plank have strong hopes
of persuading the convention that its adop
tion is essential to the perpetuity of the
Republican party.
♦
THE OPENING ADDRESS.
Tenor of Chairman Fairbanks' In
troductory Remarks,
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— The latest
Vice- Presidential quantity isCbaunceyM.
Depew. Mr. Depew is jj not an unwilling
candidate. It is understood that lie has
expressed to bis intimate friends his readi
ness to accept the Vice- Presidential nomi
nation if the convention sees fit to name
him. Friends of the other second-place
candidates declare that Mr. Depew is not
only a willing Barkis, but that he is eager
for the nomination.
It is generally understood that H. Clay
Evans of Tennessee, appreciating his dis
advantageous geographical location, has
abandoned his hope of being nominated,
although his name may «be presented,
merely as a compliment. The friends of
Governor Evans have slated him for Post
master-General in President McKinley's
Cabinet.
Some of the McKinleyites insist that
Governor Morton of New York will yet be
prevailed upon to accept second place on
; the ticket if the platform declares for the
single gold standard. Mr. Morton may
then be induced to accept, but not other
wise. The general opinion is tnat the
ticket wiJl be ''McKinley and Hobart," as
telegraphed to The Call last Wednesday.
Charles W. Fairbanks of Indiana, who
has been nominated for temporary pre
siding officer of the convention, has com
pleted the address lie will deliver when he
takes the chair next Tuesday. It has al
ready been set forth in these dispatches
that Mr. Fairbanks' speech will be a dis
cussion of the views which Mr. McKinley
holds on the tariff and the money ques
tion, and which he desires to see incorpor
ated in the platform. The speech is not
very long, numbering about 3000 words,
and as he is a deliberate speaker, Mr. Fair
banks expects to consume about fifty min
utes in its delivery.
The address was , written immediately
after the notification of his appoint
ment as temporary . chairman. It has
been read to Mr. McKinley and there have
been some additions and some changes
made at his suggestion. It was read this
afternoon to a number of the McKinley
leaders, and Mr. Hanna inviteu repre
sentatives of the New: York and Massa
chusets delegations, representing the ex
treme gold men, to listen to it. :No free
silver men were invited, as it is recognized
as hopeless to attempt to reach any ground
for compromise with that wing.
Mr. Fairbanks will devote some ten min
utes of the introductory to a review of the
past •of the Republican party. Then .he
will devote himself to the current issues of
the day. He will first address talk on
the tariff as his speech developes, and will
I follow very closely on the lines which have
I been sketched out in these dispatches, as
i representing the McKinley attitude. His
i first and principal- consideration will be
the tariff and protection. He will main-
I tain that Democratic tariff ; law is the
foundation of the present distress; that
the tariff law has brought about the finan
cial wreck of the treasury, because of in
\ sufficient revenues. -
To correct this evil the immediate re
peal of this law is imperative. , Once this
tariff law is replaced by another, under
whose beneficent work -the receipts of the
treasury shall equal the expenditures "of
Continued on Third Page
COMMITTEE MEETING ECHOES
Bitter Debates Indulged In During
the New York State Dis=
trict Contests.
DEFEATED FACTIONS WILL SEEK A HEARING
BEFORE THE CONVENTION.
Hundreds of Delegates and Political Organizations
Pouring Into the Convention City and
Waging Warfare for Their Choices.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— The sensa
tional scenes and incidents that transpired
this morning in the closing moments of
tlie seventeen-hour session of the National
Committee, which were fully covered in
the all-night convention dispatches of the
United Press, furnished an abundant topic
of discussion this afternoon and to-night.
Very few of the members were seen around !
their hotels until late in the day, for with j
scarcely an exception they were physically
exhausted when the protracted session was
brought to a close at the dawn of day.
The scenes in the conimittoe-roora at 4
o'clock this morning, when save for a few .
moments' recess the body had been in :
session for three-quarters of a day, resem- J
bled on a miniature scale those of the I
closing sessions of Congress.
In the corners and on the big table
back of Chairman Carter's seat commit- j
teemen who had succumbed to the strain \
slept during tsie debates and were aroused j
when the roll-calls were reached to record j
their judgment as between the contestants
•ad contestees. The majority of the
membezs, however, participated actively !
in each of the decisions up to the final i
adjournment. General Botkin of Mon
tana, who has lost the use of his lower
limbs and is wheeled abcut in an invalid
chair, was one of the most vigorous in
opposing the frequent motionsto adjourn j
which were made by tlie worn-out niem
ben. Several of the committeemen were \
so exhausted at the close that they are
still keeping to their rooms to-night.
Committeerren who have served in that ;
capacity for the past twenty years admit !
that the debates upon the New York con- i
tests exceeded in bitterness and display of
personal feeling anything they had previ- i
ously experienced. All the pent-up feel- >.
ings of the previous four days, which found \
only a partial vent in the debate upon the
recognition of the Addicts delegation from
Delaware, seemed to break loose, and in
terchanges of opinion were indulged in >
that had they been utterea on the floor of '
a National convention would nave pro- I
yoked a tumult. There were criminations <
and recriminations, assertions and denials,
denunciations and apologies. The press ';
representatives present were pledg d in
advance to secrecy, and even the official
stenographer refrained from taking his !
regular notes of the proceedings.
To-day the committeemen were equally
chary of talking of the proceedings to out
siders, and in some cas<;s would not even
take the trouble to deny numerous ex
travagant stories that were current con- j
cerning the proceedings of the night. At
the same time they were free to say that
they were glad the siege was over, and ,
that they trusted they would never again '
be called upon to experience a similar one. j-
The episode that brought about an a!lu- '
sion to the Hebraic descent of Lauterbach, |
chairman of the New York County Com-
Dlittee, was one of the fruitful sources of \
comment to-day. The actual facts were i
that while leaving the room after conclud- j
ing his argument in one of the contests, i
one of the strangers who had been ad- j
mitted to the room by the doorkeeper, and [
PERRY CARSON, A PROMINENT COLORED REPUBLICAN.
"Colonel" Carson, as his friends call him, is a picturesque figure.
He is 6 feet 3in height. At the National conventions he wears a shiny
silk hat, and is a hail fellow well met with the members of his race.
Carson was one of the most loyal of the friends of the late James G.
Blame. When Harrison was inaugurated President, on the bleak and
snowy 4th of March, ISS9, when everybody was cheering for the vic
torious Hoosier, everybody ready to worship the risen sun, Perry
Carson threw a banner across Pennsylvania avenue, where all the
marching delegations and Harrison himself could see it as he was on
his way to be inaugurated, bearing the inscription, "One God, One
Country, One JBlaine."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
whose name was subsequently given to
the chairman as a Mr. Egan of New York,
made a coarse remark which he coupled
with an allusi n to Mr. Lauterbach's race.
When the next contest was called and
Mr. Lauterbach was again admitted Com
miiteeman Yerkes of Louisville, who was
not in sympathy with the side represented
by Mr. Lauterbacl), called the attention of
Senator Carter to the circumstance and
uttered an indignant protest against the
sessions of the committee being disgraced
in such a manner. Chairman Carter in
sisted upon the name of the offender
being made public and when this was done
called it three times and awaited a re
sponse. None came, and he explicitly de
manded:
"Is Mr. Egan in the room?"
Again there was no response and Gen
eral Coliis, the Commissioner of Public
Works of New York, who was one of the
contestants in tne ca^e, mounted a chair
and after scannu.^ the assemblage vouched
for the fact that the offender was not in
the room. Chairman Carter accepted the
assurance and notifie 1 tne doorkeeper that
under no circumstances was Egan again
to be admitted.
Subsequently, in closing his argument
on the pending case, Mr. Lauterbach took
occasion to refer to the indictment and to
say that no question of race prejudice
should b? allowed to enter into the adjudi
cation oi any case with which he was
identified.
This suggestion was resented in a taunt
ing and sarcastic tone by Mr. Spooner,
who appeared for Coliis' side. He charged
Mr. Lauterbach with performing "the
baby act" in referring to his race, insinu
ated that his organization and leadership
were repudiated by the Hebrews of New
York, and cutd :is a proof that the Collis
side was not antagonistic to the Hebrews,
the fact that one of those who was promi
nently identified with it was himself an
adherent of Judaism.
There was considerable taik to-day that
the defeated faction in the Fifteenth New
York contest wuuld seek a rehearing at
the hands of the National Committee to
morrow, but up to a late hour to-night
nothinp definite regarding their intentions
could be secured from the friends of
Messrs. Murray and Friedson, who were
turned down. When a suggestion con
cerning a hearing was broached to agroup,
of which Congressman Quigg and a West
ern Republican sitting in the National
Committee on a proxy were members, the
latter -aid emphatically that it would be
policy for tho Pl.itt leaders to let matters
remain as they were and await action by
the committee on credentials.
It was definitely announced '.o-night
that a rehearing would be asked by the
instructed Rred delegates in the Sixth
Texas District, W. X. McDonald (colored)
and E. H. R. Green, the latter a son of
Mrs. Hetty Ureen of New York and
National renown. The contestants did not
arrive in St. Louis until this morning and
the case was decided by the committee en
tirely on affidavits. It was reported to
night that Mrs. Hetty Green would arrive2
to-morrow morning and take up the cud
gels in her son's behalf. The latter is be
ing urged for the Gubernatorial nomina
tion in Texas, and his friends declare that
he will exhaust every effort to secure a
seat on the floor of the convention.
Several members of the committee said
to-night that under no circumstances
would they consent to a rehearing in any
case. Under the rule of the committee
unanimous consent will be required to re
vise the roll, and if the comniitteemen
referred to persist in their opposition, con
testants will have no resort save to the
credentials committee.
Next in interest to the discussion of the
New York case were the indications eiven
by the Connecticut, Rhode Island and
Massachusetts delegations of a design to
break away to McKinley,
DID NOT DISCRIMINATE.
The National Committee Denies
That It Favored McKlnleyites.
ST. LOUIS, Ibo., June 14.— The follow
ing statement is given out to-night from
Ohio headquarters to show tbat the Na
tional Committee x>erformed its duties in
the matter of contested seats in a spirit of
fairness to all concerned:
An analysis ot the work of the National.Com
mittee in regard to the 108 contests which
were originally filed with it shows that 136
cases were acted on, some of the original num
ber having beeu abandoned, while several,
"notably those of Delaware and a portion of
the Texas delegation, were referred to the con
vention. In many cases both contestants and
contestees were understood to be McKinley
men, notably in all the Mississippi and South
Carolina districts and in certain districts from
Tennessee, Virginia and elsewhere.
Of the 13(3 claimants rejected by the com
mittee sixty-two were avowed McKinley men.
The impression which prevailed during the
consideration oi these cases— that the commit
tee was deciding a large number of the cases in
favor of McKinley — doubtless grew out of the
fact that in nearly all of the States where there
was a large number of contests both the con
testants and the contestees were avowed Mc-
Kinley men, and as a natural result more Mc-
Kinley men were necessarily given 6eats than
were anti-McKinley men.
In New York three districts were contested,
covering six delegates. Two of the contests
were decided in favor of the McKinley dele
gates and in the other districts both delega
tions were admitted, giving each delegate a
half vote.
In Pennsylvania there was a contest in the
Third District The contesting delegations
were both admitted, each delegate having a
half vote.
In Delaware the contest was referred to the
convention.
In Virginia there were contests in the Sec
ond, Third and Eighth districts. In the Third
and Eighth the contests were withdrawn, and
in the Second District both delegations were
admitted, each delegate being given a half
vote.
In North Carolina there was a contest in the
Sixth District. Both delegations were ad
mitted, each delegate with a half vote.
In Carolina there was a contest in
each of the districts and as to the delegates-at
large, covering eighteen votes. Botn the con
testants and contestees were McKinley men,
the contests turning on differences between
local factions. All of the contests were de
cided in favor of the Webster faction.
In Georgia there were contests in three of
the districts and as to two of the delegates-at
large, all of which were decided in favor of the
McKinley delegates.
In Florida there were contests in the Second
District and as to the delegates-at-large. The
McKinley delegates were accepted in the Sec
ond District, also the delegates-at-large, the
McKinley delegates in the First District being
rejected.
In Alabama there were contests in the First,
Third, Fourth. Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth
and Ninth districts and the delegates-at-large.
The Fifth and Ninth districts were decided
against the McKinley men. The others seated
were McKiDley men.
In California there were contests in tne
Third and Fourth districts, both of which
were decided in favor of the McKinley men.
In Mississippi there were contests in the
seven districts and as to the delegates-at
large. All were avowed McKinley men, the
fight being between local factions. The Hill
faction was successful except in the Second,
Third and Sixth districts.
In Louisiana there were contests in the First,
Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth dis
tricts, the McKinley delegates being successful
except in the Fourth District, where the decis
ion WBS against them.
In Texas there were contests in every dis
trict and as to delegates-at-large. None of the
delegates-at-large were placed upon the tem
porary roll. In ten of the districts the contests
were decided in favor of the McKinley dele
gates, while in the remaining— the Seventh,
Tenth and Twelfth— the decision was against
them.
In Kentucky there was but one contest, the
Fifth District, which was decided in favor of
the McKiuley delegates.
In Tennessee there were contests in the Sixth
and Ninth districts, contestants and contestees
being McKinley men in one district, while in
the other, the Sixth, the anti-McKinley con-
testants were seated.
In Arizona there was a contest as to the six
delegates at large, all being admitted with a
half vote each. The contest in Alaska was de
cided in the same manner.
la South Carolina, Louisiana and Texas
there were organizations common'y known as
the "Lily Whites," claiming seats in the con
vention, but in all of these cases the committee
decided that the organizations were irregular
and could not be recognized.
A MASSACHUSETTS SPLIT.
Three Delegates Threaten to Bolt
If Not Placated.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— The threats
of a bolt in the Massachusetts delegation
this afternoon caused a decided sensation
and resulted in the prompt adjournent of
the meeting until to-morrow morning.
Eben S. Draper was elected chairman of
the delegation and E. C. Benton its secre
tary. Up to this point everything went
smoothly. When, however, George H.
Lymon of Boston was nominated for
member of the National Committee an
emphatic protest was at once forthcom
ing. Immediately following this nomina
tion N. M. Jefferson, apparently excited,
but with much emphasis, said that if the
effort were made to place Lymon on the
committee Reed could not have the solid
vote of Massachusetts, as in that event
McKinley would have three votes on the
first ballot. Without attempting to argue
the matter the session adjourned at
once until to-morrow morning, at which
time, it is said, Lymon will be elected, as
he has twenty-seven out of the thirty
votes of the delegation. Senator Lodge
will also be elected. to-morrow morning as
a member of the committee on resolu
tions.
NEW YORK McKINLEY MEN.
Eight Carloads ot Platt's Enemies
Arrive In St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— The special
train bearing the McKiniey League of the
State of New York, as the anti-PJatts now
term themselves, arrived at 7 o'clock this
evening. There were eiffht cars covered
with banners and the locomotive had a
McKinley portrait above its headlight
About 150 men came on the train. With a
brass band and a local club as an escort the
anti'Platt men made more noise and pro
voked more cheering and hand-clapping
from the crowds that lined the streets
than any arrivals to-day. The Milholland
men canned a raammot roll of paper
which they said had 146,000 signatures in
favor of McKinley. They also carried a
half of the banner tbat was torn in two at
the New York convention, where Morton's
candidacy was indorsed. Some of the
prominent men in the party are: John
E. Milholland, Colonel Fred Grant. James
A. Blanchard, Mayor Jewett of Buffalo,
John Simpson, W. R. Benjamin and As
sistant Attorney-General Hasbrouck.
PUTT MEN ARE
NOW PLACATED.
Harmony Restored by the
Seating of Morton
Delegates.
WILL NOW STAND FAST.
They Hoped for More, but Will
Ec Satisfied With What
They Got.
NEW JEBSEY IS FOR HOBART.
New York's Governor Will Positively
Decline the Second Place
Nomination.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— Members of
the Republican National Committee are
pluming themselves on their success in
disposing of the immense mass of work
thrust upon them without holding a Sun
day session, against which the conscien
tious scruples of several of the members
strongly rebelled. True, it was nearly 5
o'clock this (Sunday) morning before the
last contest was disposed of, and the tired
and Morn out comniitteemen crawled
away to their nealected beds. But inas
much as the session began at 10 a. m. Sat
urday and was continued without adjourn
ment and with only brief rocesses until all
the cases had been disposed of, the extra
hours after midnight are regarded as
merely an extension of Saturday's legisla
tive day ana not as a violation of the Sab
bath.
The committee disposed of 163 cases
remitted to the convention for settlement,
the delegates-at-large from Mississippi,
Delaware and Texas and the delegates
from two of the New York districts and
one California district. The number of
cases was so great, as one of the members
of the committee frankly admitted, that it
was a physical impossibility to give all of
them a careful judicial consideration and
many were decided almost at haphazard.
A very large proportion of the cases will
be foucht over again before the committee
on credentials when the convention is or
ganized and may delay the nomination
till late in the week.
None of the several hundred Platt-Morlon
men went to bed last night until the Na
tional Committee disposed of the last of the
New York contests. Mr. Platt was the
one exception. He retired to his room for
the night at 11 o'clock. His friends, how
ever, displayed a feverish interest in the
outcome and were unwilling to leave the
neighborhood of the National Committee's
headquarters until a final settlement was
reached.
Mr. Platt was early astir this morning
and at 8 o'clock his friends began making
their way to his rooms. Among those
with whom the Senator was in consulta
tion during the forenoon were Senators
Ellsworth, Raines, Stewart and Lexow;
Speaker Fish, Francis Hendricks, George I
W. Aldridge, William Barnes Jr., U. H.
Davis, Edward Lauterbach, John S. Ken
yon and Chairman Hackett of the State
committee. Mr. Platt declined to express
an opinion with reference to the National
Committee's action, bnt some of the gen
tlemen whose names are here mentioned
were not so reticent. Occupying, as they
do, intimate personal and political rela
tions with Mr. Piatt, they may be fairly
supposed to represent his views, and what
they say, therefore, has all the lorce of an
ex-cathedra statement
It cannot be said that they are "pleased"
with the result. They had hoped that
Morton men only would be seated. To
thi3 extent they are disappointed. On the
other hand they were led to believe that
the anti-Platt men would be favored with
out exception. That they were not so
favored is naturally a source of gratifica
tion to them, and to this extent they are
satisfied. As one of the number expressed
it to a United Press reporter:
"We shall acquiesce in the committee's
conclusion, for we have won a practical
victory, but we would have preferred t«
have had all our men seated."
It may be said, in this connection, that
all talk of a bolt of the New York men at
the convention is at an end. Mr. Platt
will not press the matter any further if
the convention shall approve the National
Committee's action. It really represents
a loss to Governor Morton of only three
and a half votes out of a possible twelve.
This means that Mr. Platt, with his
friends, will remain in the convention and
participate in its deliberations. What Mr.
Platt and his followers will do when the
Presidential campaign actively begins is
another question, although it is asserted
that they will perform with cheerfulness
any political duty that may be assigned to
them.
General Anson McCook, seated in place
of Alexander T. Mason in the Thirteenth
District, will, it is said, vote for Governor
Morton. It is estimated at Mr. Platt's
headquarters that Governor Morton will
secure fifty-nine of New YorKs seventy
two votes. The McKinley voters in the
delegation are these: George H. Roberts,
Second District; William B. Atterbury,
Third District; Frederick W. Wurster,
Fifth District; William H. Robertson,
Sixteenth District ; Thomas VV. Bradley,
Seventeenth District; George E. Matthews
and Wesley C. Sterns, Thirty-fourth Dis
trict, with Messrs. Bliss and Cruger in the
Twelfth District casting half a vote each
for McKinley, and Brookfield in the Thir
teenth and Collins and Wright in the Fif
teenth casting one vote each for McKinley,
making in all thirteen votes in the New
York delegation for the Ohio candidate.
There is openly expressed dissatisfac
tion among the Platt men this morning
that Governor Morton should have chosen
Chauncey Depew as the medium through
whom to announce his determination not
to accept the nomination for the Vice-
Presi'lency. Mr. Platt was so much sur
prised yesterday when Mr. Depew showed
him Governor Morton's telegram that he
instructed Chairman Hackett to wire the
Governor immediately about it. Mr.
Hackett did so. He received a reply stat
ing tbat the Governor had traveled with
Mr. Depew from Rhinebeck to Pough
keepsie on Friday last, and that he had
then informed Mr. Depew he would not
allow his name to go before the conven
tion for Vice-Presidential honors. Since
then, he added, be had had no farther
communication with Mr. Depew. This
raised at once a question of veracity be
tween the two gentlemen. In other
words, Mr. Depew bad a telegram which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
purported to have come from Governor
Morton, declaring unequivocally that he
did not want the Vice-Presidency. His
telegram to Mr Hackett stated that he
had no communication with Mr. Depew
except of an oral nature. Thereupon Mr.
Platt telegraphed the Governor requesting
an explanation. That telegram was sent
yesterday afternoon. Mr. Platt received
an answer that it was true.
The Platt men cannot understand why
the Governor, if he desired tbat^his wishes
in regard to the Vice-Presidency should
be made known, did not acquaint the peo
ple who are managing his campaign with
that fact. They are irritated tbat he
should have chosen Mr. Depew, who, al
though he will make the speech placing
Governor Morton in nomination, has not
been as actively identified with his can
vass as have been Mr. Platt and other gen
tlemen. They make no secret of their dis
pleasure at the Governor's lack of tact, as
they term it.
The Platt men deny that any concerted
action will be taken by them looking to
the nomination of General Benjamin F.
Tracy of Brooklyn for the Vice- Presidency.
It would appear from the frank expres
sions which fell from the lips of a number
of these gentlemen this morning that Gen
eral Tracy is not popular with them.
They do not object to him on personal
grounds; but it is evident that he is not
the man of their choice if they are asked
to name a candinate for second choice.
They say, however, that if the convention
should developa s trong sentiment for Gen
eral Tracy they would not oppose it.
They are disposed to believe from re
ports which reach them through the Ohio
men, tbat Mr. Hobart of New Jersey will
be the candidate of the McKinley men, in
which event his success is practically as
sured. The friends of the other candi
dates will not concede this, but they insist
that many of McKinley's stanchest sup
porters are equally favorable to Dingley
of Maine, Evans of Tennessee and other
gentlemen whose names have been sug
gested for second place.
Ex-Judge J. Franklin Fort, one of the
New Jersey delegates, who has been se
lected to present Hobart's name to the
convention, is enthusiastic over the bright
outlook for New Jersey's favorite son. At
that State headquarters this afternoon
Judge Fort said:
"Yes, New Jersey wants Mr. Hobart's
nomination. It would do wonders for us
politically. For the past three years we
have carried our State, and with Mr. Ho
bart on the ticket we will be lifted
out of the doubtful column. We
have never desired it. Now when we
are entitled to it and when the
party can transfer us into the Republican
ranks for all time, we ask consideration.
Mr. Hobart will be an ideal candidate and
an able Vice-President. He is one of the
brightest men in this country. His zeal
for Kepublicanism, his genial manners
and his sterling integrity, coupled with
his wide knowledge of public men and
broad graspjof public affairs, will commend
him to the people.
"If the delegates only knew Mr. Hobart
as we do there would be no other name
mentioned. Everybody in New Jersey is
for Kobart."
"Will not New York ask for the Vice-
Presidency?"
"Why should they? They have had the
Vice-Presidency for sixteen years. They
are all split into factious. They are bet
ter off without it, and we feel they should
stand with us. Mr. Hobart is as well
known in New York as he is in New Jersey
and his identification with the large busi
ness interests of both States makes him an
exceptionally available nominee. Many
of the New Jersey delegation are here.
j The remainder of the delegates will reach
here to-night. As one man we will work
for Hobart."
"What do you think of the outlook?"
"As we see it Mr. Hobait is sure to be
nominated. There is a sentiment for him
and for the recognition of New Jersey
that will carry th& convention unless all
signs fail. The party cannot make any
mistake in standing by New Jersey at this
time. It is the generous, judicious, kindly
thing for the party to do. The good it
will do us and the encouragement it will
give U3 cannot be estimated."
The supporters of the Vice-Presidential
aspirations of Henry Clay Evans of Ten
nessee resumed their efforts in earnest
this afternoon. Every newly arriving
delegate was taken in tow immediately
after registering, and plied with argu
ments concerning the expediency of plac
ing the distinct representative of the South
upon the ticket.
Particular attention was paid to those
delegates who had been previously ap
proached in the interests of General Ho
bart of New Jersey, and to these the argu
ment was directed that New Jersey was
safe for McKinley without any special in
ducements being offered to secure its sup
port; that New York was in the same
position; while, on the other hand, the
nomination of Colonel Evans would insure
the vote of Tennessee in the electoral col
lege for the Republicans, and possibly that
of Alabama also. Friends of the Ten
nessee candidate claimed this afternoon
that they were making very satisfactory
progress.
The Missouri delegates will hold their
meeting to-morrow morning to choose
members of the various committees of the
convention, members of the National
Committee, etc, and they may then ex
press their preference for the Vice-Presi
dency.
Although there has been considerable
talk on the subject and several of the del
egation are known to favor General Ed
ward A. McAlpin of New York, General
McAlpin's candidacy ib not viewed alto
gether with favor by some of the New
York delegation. Chauncey Depew,
speaking on the subject this afternoon,
remarked that every vote asked for Mc-
Alpin was equivalent to one vote taken
away from Morton.
The Massachusetts contingent, 112
strong, arrived this morning. They left
Boston at 4 o'clock on Friday last. The
party includes Senator Lodge and the re
mainder of the delegates to the con
vention, with the exception of Murray
Crane, who preceded them several days
ago. It contained, in addition, George H.
Lyman, the chairman of the State Com
mittee, and Francis H. Appleton, the
president of the Republican Club of Massa
chusetts. It has been arranged that Eben
S. Draper, who is a brother of Congress
man Draper, and also one of the four dele
gates at large, will be elected chairman of
the delegation. Senator Lodge, by popular
consent, will represent the State on the
Committee on Resolutions.
BULKELEY WANTS IT.
Connecticut's Candidate for Second
Place on the Ticket.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.-The Con
necticut delegation arrived this morning
and at once launched the boom of ex-
Governor Morgan G. Bulkeley for the
second place on the ticket. Every dele
gate wore a badge with a nutmeg at
tached to it. They are all for "McKinley,
sound money and Bulkeley.'' They base
their hopes on the attitude of Morton,
Reed and other Eastern men in regard to
the Vice- Presidency, and point to ex-
Governor Bulkeley'B record aa Mayor of
Hartford for four consecutive terms and
Governor of Connecticut for two terms,
and to his business standing and army
record, and claim that he is the most de
sirable man for the place. fix-Governor
Bulkeley is a delegate at large from his
State. He was seen by a representative
of the United Press to-day. He said :
"Yes, my people seem to be agreed in
urging my name for second place on the
ticket and iriends from other States nave
tendered their support. I am a sound
money man and that seems to be what all
Republicans in the East want. I kiow of
no other New England State that has
agreed upon a candidate for Vice-Presi
dent, and I think that the New Yorkers
■would support a Connecticut man almost
as heartily as one from their own State.
Through my business interests I am not
unknown in the West, and since my ar
rival here many delegates have offered to
support me. All of this is, of course, en
couraging to me and my friends."
John B. Jeffery, an old-time printer of
Chicago, is pushing Governor Bulkeley 's
campaign with great energy. He declares
tbat the strength of the entire East will be
thrown for Connecticut's candidate. The
recent visit of Governor Bulkeley to Can
ton has led to the report that Major Me-
Kinley is not averse 10 having the Con
necticut man's name on the ticket.
IN PRETTY QUARTERS.
Where the Several Candidates Re-
ceive Their Friends.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— St. Louis now
looks like a convention city. It has hung
out its bunting: in tasteful profusion to bid
welcome to the big Republican gathering.
A little slow in starting the demonstration,
it has landed it in good form at last.
All four of the leadmc candidates— Me-
Kinley, Reed, Morton and Allison— have
their headquarters at the Southern Hotel.
McKinley's headquarters are designated
by an allegorical representation of "Pro
tection," a marvelous work of art. It
represents in the foregrouud five female
figures, faces florid, one of them standing
and holding aloft in one hand the stripes
and starry shield, labeled "Protection,"
and holding in the other hand a naked
sword, on which she leans. The other
females are squatting around in rather un
graceful attitudes— one of them appearing
to be seated on a Texas sceer, which looks
as if it would like to get upon its feet, but
is too heavly laden to do so. In the back
ground of the picture is a wild prairie, with
no sign of life or human habitation, so
that it puzzles even an Ohio man to de
termine where the "protection" is meant
to come in.
But in the Ohio headquarters on the
first floor corridor where Mark Hanna pre
sides, there is a graceful array of festoons
and flags and state shields, and every one
of the big crowd of visitors constantly
passing in and out is made welcome to a
McKinley badge.
While it aupears to be conceded that Mc-
Kinley has the votes, it is quite certain that
the Maine people have made the hnest dis
play in behalf of the roan of their choice.
The Reed quarters are in the parlors of
the Southern, a magnificent suite of rooms
that have been elaborately decorated with
tri-colored bunting, festooned from the
chandeliers. Banners bearing the seal of
the State and other flags have been util
ized. The most imposing effects, how
ever, are made on the outside of the build
ing. The edge of the porch over the main
entrance bears the words, "Reed's Head
quarters," and at each end "Reed" ap
pears in incandescent electric liehts,
which at night throw a brilliant glare
upon a banner suspended across the street
containing a fairly good picture of the
Speaker, and the inscription, "For Presi
dent, Thomas B. Reed."
The largest room on the parlor floor at
the head of the stairs and in normal times
the "ladies' ordinary" is the temple sacred
to the Governor of New York. The walls
and ceiling are profusely draped with
bunting and at one end of the room the
serene and tranquil countenance of Mr.
Morton — rejuvenated a decade or two by
the artist — beams upon all who enter those
precincts.
Downstairs on the office floor and close
to one of the four large entrance doors of
the hotel another room is fitted up for
those who are attached to the political
fortunes of Senator Allison of lowa and
whose faith is strengthened and stimu
lated by editorial assurances from Dcs
Moines — copies of which are strewn around
—that he has no idea of withdrawing from
the contest and that his name will be pre
sented without fail as a candidate for the
Presidency.
The rush of incomine delegates to-day
has been continuous, but though their in
creased numbers added largely to the
volume of sound no change was indicated
in the trend of sentiment. It still ran
strongly for McKinley for first place and
with do very marked choice for second
place. The Vice-Presidency, in fact, seems
to be a field marshal's baton, which may
be hidden in the knapsack of any one of
half a dozen private soldiers who have
been named, or with almost equal proba
bility may be concealed about the person
of some one who has not yet been pub
licly suegested for the honor.
The large and beautiful rooms on the
parlor floor of the Southern are now occu
pied by the headquarters of Massachusetts,
lowa, Maine, California and a few other
Statea and by the United Press.
The California headquarters are in tha
ladies' parlor of the Southern. A number
of ladles helped to entertain visitors there
during the afternoon.
Chauncey I. Fiiley has opened quarters
at the Planters', where his portraits and
buttons are dealt out lavi3hly. At the end
of the room is a motto "Stand Up for Mis
souri." Mr. Kerens, his rival, has head
quarters at the Southern.
New Jersey has taken two floors in a
building at 302 Fourth street, half a block
from the Southern.
One of the most noticeable rooms opened
to-iiay was that of the Tippecanoe Club of
Cleveland, Ohio. It is on the ground floor
oF the Southern, and the four walls and
ceiling as well are completely hidden by
bunting. Like all other Ohio rooms a big
McKinley portrait is the most conspicuous
feature of the decoration.
Illinois has a large room on the ground
floor of the Southern, and Colorado is on
the parlor floor of the same hotel.
Maine, Michigan, Minnesota and Ne
braska also have headquarters at the
Southern. Rhode Isiand, Vermont and
vV isconsin are at the Lindell. Connecticut,
Maryland and Texas are ac the Laclede,
and Kansas, Kentucky and Tennessee are
at Hurst's.
BRADLEY HAS WITHDRAWN
His Name Will Not Be Presented to
the Convention.
LEXINGTON, Ky., June 14.— Governor
Bradley has decided that he will not allow
his name to be presented to the National
Republican Convention as a Presidential
candidate because he realizes thatit would
be useless. His only statement to-night is
that his name will not be presented.
Further than this lie declines to talk. His
closest friends have admitted from the
first that his candidacy was a hopeless one
and several of them have been trying for
weeks to persuade him to withdraw.
TELLER SOUNDS
A WARNING NOTE
Silver's Friends Demand a
Clear-Cut Financial
* Plank.
NO JUGGLING OF WORDS.
They Will Not Be Misled by a
Guarded Declaration in
Favor of Gold.
PLANS NOT YET PEBFECTED.
Procedure of the White Metal Wing
Will Be Decided Upon This
Morning.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June 14.— Senator
Henry M. Teller of Colorado, the leader of
the silver forces at the Republican conven
tion, spent the day very quietly at the
residence of a friend in the suburbs of the
city. He will not come into town until
to-morrow morning, by which time the
Colorado delegation will have arrived and
the Senator will have a conference with
them at their headquarters in the South
ern Hotel. The only instructions given
by the Colorado convention to its dele
gates-at-large were simply to act in accord
ance with the views of Senator Teller.
For that reason it is very desirable that
this conference should be held at the
earliest practical moment, and after it is
all over Senator Teller will meet and dis
cuss the situation with the silver dele
gates from all the States. Until that is
done he does not cara to talk for publica
tion, except in the most general manner.
"It would be presumptuous on my part,"
said Mr. Teller, "to make any statement
as to what I, or those who believe as I do,
would do in the event of the convention
not declaring for tbat which we believe to
be right and absolutely essential for the
best interests of this country. I have al
ways endeavored to act when the situation
arose and not to discuss it beforehand. I
stand where I did when I wrote my letter
to the chairman of our State Committee,
and upon the same ground taken in my
speeches in the United States Senate.
Beyond that I have said nothing to any
one.
"I see by the morning papers that the
indications point strongly to the adoption
of a platform in favor of the existing
standard. The general opinion appears to
be that the word 'gold' is to be omitted. I
hardly thought that the men who are en
gaged in the business of constructing finan
cial planks would be so foolish as to be
lieve that they could omit the word 'gold'
and declare for the existing standard,
thereby making people believe that it was
anything else than a declaration for the
gold standard.
"It is mere juggling with words and the
silver men would have very much more
respect for the gold men if they came out
for gold instead of meaning that and re
fusing to say so. The silver men in the
convention will not be misled by this con
struction of a financial plank nor will
the people at iarge misinterpret its true in
tent or purpose. Nothing will satisfy the
silver men but a clear-cut declaration for
the free coinaee of silver at a ratio of 16 to
1. Until the situation has thoroughly
crystallized and the silver men know what
they may expect, I, for one, do not care
to say anything further on the subject."
Delegates from the various silver-pro
ducing States are beginning to arrive
Among them are Senators Cannon and
Brown of Utah. Senator Dubois of Idaho
arrived this evening. Senator Mantle of
Montana has been here for two days. Wit^
the exception of Senator Brown the four
Senators named, together with Chairman
Carter, comprise the five free silver Sen
ators who refused to vote to take up the
tariff bill in the last session of Congress.
All of these gentlemen will meet Teller at
an early hour to-morrow morning, when
the programme of the silver wing will be
formulated.
BRASS BANDS AND BUGLES.
They Disturb the Air and All the
People In St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— "Protection,
patriotism, prosperity," are the watch
words emblazoned in letters of gold on the
ramparts of the Republican stronghold.
They appeared first on the McKinley
badges and on the lithographs which his
campaign committee are scattering broad
cast, like chaff, before the wind.
One of these pictures, which attracts
considerable attention, represents the
major in a plug hat and a Prince Albert
coat shaking hands with a workinerman.
The major holds a smoking cigar in his
left hand, while his right, that which ad
ministers the society shake to giddy
women reporters, is clasped around that
of the laborer in a good old-fashioned
shake.
Ob, what a sweet before-election smile
the major wears. As for the honest labor
ing man, he must be deeply moved, for he
has turned his back on the spectator in
order to hide his emotion. It is a touch
ing scene and is expected to make the
man from Canton many votes in the con
vention.
Another pictorial argument is a big col
ored lithograph, six by seven feet, after
the style of a theatrical poster. It repre
sents a bust of McKinley, with an Ameri
can shield on his breast, and two men,
one a banker, another a laborer with a
dinner bucket in bis left hand. The two
stand with clasped hands over the major's
left shoulder. Below is a scene represent
ing steamboats and factories, filling the
air with smoke, and over McKinley's right
shoulder an Ohio farmer working a horse
rake. The motto, in big red letters, is
"The Advance Agent of Prosperity."
To-day for the first time it became ap
parent that a big National convention was
to be held here. The Planters Hotel early
this forenoon had filled up all the vacant
nooks with cots and mattresses, and the
head clerk turned away all comers to sees
lodgings elsewhere.
Every train that pulls into the depot
brings delegations and clubs from all parts
of the Union. Headed by bands, which
they bring with them, they march up
Broadway to their hotels, the sidewalks
being crowded with spectators all along
the line of march.
Among the arrivals are the Reed Club
and other delegations from Maine, num
bering about 100 persons. They come to
make the fight for Reed and they have
started in with a rush. Their headquarters
are in one of the largest parlors of the
Southern.
One hundred delegates and members of
the McKinley Club of Canton, Ohio, came
in this afternoon and occupied the Ohio
headquarters on the ground floor. The
spacious lobbies ar« almost impassable
and in the hubbub of talk and flare of
bands on the outside it is difficult to make
oneself heard.
The finest, most dignified and stylish
looking body of men that arrived to-day
is the Union League Club of Philadelphia.
The uniform is of black cloth, the coat be
ing of cutaway pattern in the correct style,
the hat being a gray plug that imparts a
sporty air to the wearers. Young and
old they are all good looking and all with
with the darlingest mustaches you ever
Baw, curled up at the ends in quite a
rakish way.
They bear their walking-sticks at carry
arms, am! the eyes of every man jack of
them, instead of being front, are cocked
up at the sixth and eighth stories of tbe
Planters Hotel ogling the pretty girls
from New York and Massachusetts, who
are waving handkerchiefs and fans out of
the windows and wafting kisses and smiles
at the gay Dovs from the Quaker City.
They are a Handsome, stylish lot of fel
lows, with no slim waists among them,
each member of the club possessing a cor
poration that would fit well upon a col
lector of the port, a mint superintendent
or the postmaster of a big city. Several
venerable ladies and grave gentlemen from
the staid and sober old town of St. Joseph,
Mo., were shocked on beholding such
levity issuing from the Quaker City.
And right were they to be shocked and
scandalized on the Christian Sabbatn by
the giddy bearing of the league men,
some of whom wear white mustaches
and are old enough to be fathers of fami
lies. But the wicked men didn't seem to
care, becauae they are away from home
and their wives cannot soe them smiling
at the girls, some of whom are probably
away from home, too.
There is not a bearded man in the
crowd, and this absence of whiskers and
uniformity of mustaches gives the 300
clubmen quite a military air. Thousands
of people flocKed out of the dingy sky
scrapers to look at these beautiful, fat
stomached, corn-fed men. They made
noise enough to be heard for a mile with
the big drum corps and buglers preceding
a crack brass band in front of the proces
sion.
When they arrived at the entrance to
the Planters Hotel the dandy drum-major
made a feint at tbe people on the side
walk as though he were going to throw
his assegai at them, and the crowd accord
ingly opened up and let the ferocious
drum-major and the giddy boys from
Philadelphia enter the aristocratic cara
vansary.
They are all Quay men, and at the head
of the first landing on the broad staircase
his full name in letters two feet long,
formed of incandescent lights, blazed a
warm welcome. The band halted in the
middle of the lobby and played "Amer
ica," "Hail Columbia" and the "Star-
Spangled Banner," with the whole
strength of its lungs, and made such a
din that the reformed Kentucky colonel
and the Massachusetts major who were
treating their headaches with bromo
seltzer in the eighth story turned over in
bed and cursed the Quaker City, its ox
and its mule, its Union League, its brass
band and ail else that belonged to it.
Even good-natured General Ben Hur Wal
lace, in the midst of a beautifully rounded
period, tossed his bangs impatiently and
muttered in Hebrew something very gut
tural.
The crowd below in the lobby yip-yipped
and yelled and hurrahed with delight,
and the jam became so great that all sem
blance of order was lost, so tbat the
stout gentlemen from Philadelphia were
obliged to break ranks and stampede with
the general herd.
Thus, all day and almost all night, as
the trains come puffing into the big depot,
were brass bands playing, crowds surging
and yells and hurrahs splitting the air.
As I write there is another great uproar
and down the grand staircase comes a
brass band, disturbing the peace of four
counties at the head of the delegation
and visitors from Massachusetts. The
Yankees have fine lungs and they are
whooping up things with old-time enthu
siasm. A white satin banner, inscribed in
letters of black and gold, "Massachusetts,
Solid for Reed and Gold," evokes the en
thusiasm of a Maine man in a 48 cent straw
hat and he turns loose a Penobscot Indian
yell that makes the psyche top knots
quiver on the heads of the pretty giris at
the telegraph counter. Hardly had they
disappeared into headquarters before an
other band and another delegation comes
through another entrance adding to the
riot. Nobody in the hotels will sleep to
night except those so lortunate as to be
completely exhausted.
John Paul Cosgeavk.
RUINED REED'S FUTURE.
Effect of Manley 's Statement on the
Maine Man.
ST. LOUIB. Mo., June 14.— Th/twelve
Maine delegates to the convention, accom
panied by nearly 100 of their political
friends, arrived this afternoon. At a
meeting held later in the day, it was
agreed that Amos L. Allen, Speaker
Reed's private secretary, who is also one
of the delegates at large, shall be placed
on the committee on resolutions and For
est Goodwin on credentials. Mr. Joseph
H. Manley was selected a fortnight ago, to
represent the State for the next four
years on the National Committee.
The Maine politicians are reticent in
their replies when questioned as to the
feeling among them respecting Man
ley's recently published statement in re
Sleep
Induced by the use of coca, opiate or nar-
cotic compounds is bad, decidedly bad.
They undermine health and shatter the
constitution, and the patient is steadily
growing into a worse condition, often re-
sulting in the terrible slavery and misery
of the cocaine and opium habits. Sleep
induced by the use of Hood's Sarsaparilla
does not, perhaps, come as quickly, but it
comes more sorely and more permanently
through nature's great restoring and re-
juvenating channel — purified, vitalized
and enriched blood. This feeds the nerves
witli life-giving energy and builds up the
system and constitution from tue very
foundation of all health and life— the
blood— pure, rich, red blood.
Hoods
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. Alldruggists.fi.
Hnnd'c Dillc cure Liver Ills; easy to
IIUUU & flllb take, easy to operate.2sc.
gard to Mr. Reed's candidacy. It has been
oppnly declared that Mr. Mamey has
ruined his political future as a result ot
his declaration, but to wnat extent it will
affect his membership on the National
Committee no one would say. Much will
depend upon the position assumed by Mr.
Reed, whose personal representative, Mr.
Allen, will reach town to-nii?bt.
SENATOR QUAY'S RACE.
b ng a Campaign in Hand-
somely FurnishedßoomCT
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— The era of
braes bands and marching clubs has set
in. At 2 o'clock this afternoon a battalion
of Reed men from Massachusetts, headed
by a local Dand, marched down Fourth,
street to the north front of the Southern
Hotel and saluted the Reed flag. This
first arrival was soon followed by a Re
publican club from Alton, 111., and it car
ried the McKinley banner. It was headed
by its own baud, in very handsome Hun
garian uniforms, and the men cheered
lustily for their candidate as they passed
the Southern Hotel.
At the Planters' Hotel, two squares
further up, 6enator Quay is sole monarch
of candidates. His pictures hang on the
pillars and staircases, and a row of incan
descent lamps, kept constantly lighted,
shows at the head of the staircase to the
parlor floor the name of "Matthew Stan
ley Quay." The headquarters there con
sist of a suite of rooms, in one of which
stands on an easel a large, handsome oil
painting of himself, the Kilt molded frame
of which is now wreathed in evergreens.
In the same room a visitors' book is open,
at which the delegates and visitors from
the Keystone State are requested to record
their names. All these are unmistakable
indications, if they do not amount to a
positive announcement, that Mr. Quay 13
to be considered as regularly entered on
the list of runners in the Presidential
race.
MANY CLUBS ARRIVE.
Streets Filled With the Marching
Political Bodies.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— The Union
Republican Club of Philadelphia, 165
strong, under the marshalship of A. S. L.
Shields, arrived at 5 o'clock this evening.
The Crow Club of the Fifteenth Ward of
Philadelphia, numbering 150, also came
this evening. They were met at the sta
ion by the Pennsylvania delegation atid
escorted to their quarters. The Crow Club
is a Quay organization and is understood
to be here to carry on the boom of Gover
nor Hastings for the second place on the
National ticket in tne expected event of
Mr. Quay failing to secure first place.
The Merchants' Republican Club and
the Lincoln Club, both of Philadelphia,
the latter numbering 500, arrived to-day.
The Lincoln Club of Toledo, 500 strong,
reached here late to-night, as did the
Blame Club of Cincinnati, 600 strong. The
Tippecanoe Club of Cleveland, over 1000
strong, is due in the morning.
NEW TO-DAI.
VACATION.
"Well, you're a sight
"Can't help it, mamma — had
a jolly good time ; guess we'd
better get my clothes at Roos
Bros.', though, so they'll stand
the racket."
A promising youth, that ! ■-
Will his mamma please glance
over this ?
Children's Straw Hats 500
Boys' and Children's Blouses, ■
extra value. ;■;.'• 45c
Boys' Outing Shirts (10 to 15).... GOe
Boys' Overall*, best quality 50c
Boys' Straw Hats, good ones 60c
Boys' Knee Pants, ages 4 to 14,
. . double seat and knees. 500
' Sailor Suits, wool goods 75c
Sailor Suits, all wool, very latest
shades....... $1 50
Boys' Odd Long Pants 150
Boys' Alpaca Jackets 1 50
Reefer Suits, special value 2 25
Boys' Suits with extra pants and
cap 2 50
Boys' Long Pants Suits 4 00
-■ - ■
Send the boys if you can't
come yourself. They can buy
as well here as you. Money
back if you ask it.
ff£y
Specialists on Mail Order?.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF, t
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK. '
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with batta ,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private batns*
10 minutes from business and theatrical eentm-
Overlooking Central Pork and the Hudson R"«r«
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhtrt in
America. . UK «_
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or fth aye. » L " to 6<sta St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 np. American plan, 83 up. Most com-
pletely co nipped and most liberally managed noia
In New^ork W. JOHNSON QUINN, Mgr.
WM. NOBLBt, Fropr. •
Baja California .
Damiana Bitters
Is m powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonio tot th»
sexual and urinary orgaus of both sexes. »™ *
great remedy for diseases of the W dne > rs H O v'i,cinL
Ser. A great Restorative. Invigoratoraud Nerun*
Bells on it« own Merii»-no IoDS-wina*i iw
monlals necessary. * ■_,„ '., , „„„!•,
323 Market St.. S. • f.-C=eud for Circular.!DEMOCRATIC CLANS GATHER
Early Comers Do Politics
in Sacramento Hotel
Lobbies.
SILVER MEN WILL RULE
THE CONVENTION.
Indorsement of Cleveland All
the Opposition Expects to
Gain.
BUCKLEY DELEGATIONS FIGHT
FOR SEATS.
Junts Leaders Declare the Blind Boss
Beaten— Women Plead for
Justice.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 14.— Those
who predicted a warm time at the Demo
cratic State Convention will not be disap
pointed. The sun is getting in his work
gloriously, and the few delegates who have
arrived are evincing more heat in their
arguments than ought to be expected so
early in the game. The electric-light hugs
are coming in from the tules by thousanus,
and visitors from the interior are told that
these monsters are Sacramento Valley
mosquitoes. The coolest proposition of the
day. and, therefore, the most refreshing,
was made by a member of the woman's
suffrage delegation upon the instant of
the ladies' arrival at the Golden Eagle
Hotel.
"Now, I have a suggestion to make," |
said Miss Mary Hay, one of the equal
suffragists. "It is simply this: If we lose
our fight for recognition in the Demo
cratic platform we are to pay double, and
if we win you are to—"
"Hold oti," laughingly said Frank Gray,
one of the hotel proprietors. "Hold on,
please."
Then, with his best smile and most gal
lant air, he said:
"Ladies, I never like to speculate in op
position to my sentiments."
The ladies laughed ana said they were (
glad one of their number had the courage j
of her convictions, notwithstanding the j
lot of discouraging talk that has been J
going the rounds.
There is some feeling of disappointment
over the prospect that Governor Budd may
be kept away from the convention on ac
count of an injury to his knee, received
during his trip in the Yosemite Valley,
and which may keep him at his home in
Stockton. An anti-administration Demo
crat, on hearing tins, said:
'That's the way with Budd; he is al
ways getting it in the knee or the neck."
It is safe to predict that the Junta will
be Bolid. The delegates will not be used
against W. W. Foote, however, no matter
how much John Daggett may try to swing
tl em that way. When Daggett started
out. he proclaimed hi? intention of send
ing a goldbug delegation to Chicago.
The silver men grew so in number that 1
he will now be satisfied with a mild in
dorsement of Cleveland. Will D. Greene
voiced the feeling of the gold advocates
when he said that he and his companions i
are ready to cat crow.
Probably the wickedest fight in the con
vention will be the strife for the honor of I
going as delegate to the Chicaeo Conven
tion from the Third Congressional Dis
trict. The contest lies between Ed K.
Lfpk. R. M. Fitzgerald and J. M. Lay
mance.
Ex-Senator D. A. Ostrom has come out
as an active candidate for delegate-at-large
from the northern part of the Btate.
The Congressional situation may ' be
summarized as follows:
First Congressional District — Ex-Con
gressman Tnomas Gearv is mentioned.
Second District — Ex-Congressman A.
< aminetti, Jo. D. Sproul and Marion
dp Vries are regarded as acceptable tim
ber, but none are active aspirants.
Third District— Warren D. English will
probably be. nominated.
Fourth District — Judge J. G. Maguire
has already been nominated.
Fifth District — J. Schellar, Joseph P.
Kelly and Thomas J. Clunie are in the
fight, with present chances favoring
Sf-hellar.
Sixth District — Henry Patton of Los
Angeles has the call on the nomination,
though some opposition is expected.
Seventh District — L. J. Maddox of Mo
rle-^to is mentioned. Other aspirants are
expected.
It is to be fight, and fight to the finish,
as far as the Buckley peonle are concerned,
and their campaign ha been laid out so as
to permit them to resist to the last ditch.
Should their pictures be turned to the wall
by the committee on credentials th jy have
the promise of enough proxies from inte
rior delegates to secure a hearing by pow
erful representatives on the floor of the
convention.
Their first play will be, however, to have
the names of the Junta delegates stricken
from the temporary roll, on which they
were placed by the State Central Commit
tee during the meeting at the California
Hotel in San Francisco, and the drawing
up of the curtain on Tuesday at the Agri
cultural Pavilion may be followed by one
of the liveliest acts of the Democratic per
formance.
Andy Clunie, P. F. Dnnne, Thomas
Asche and Joseph Rothschild will cham
pion the cause of the regulars, whenever
and wherever exigencies require.
Considerable disappointment was shown
by the avant.couriers of the faction who
came up to-night over the absence of In
terior delegates, as they had evidently
hoped by their early arrival to do consid
erable missionary work in the interests of
their cause by using their persuasive pow
ers on their unconversant county Col
leagues.
SILVER MEN WILL RULE.
Green of Colusa Admits That the
Goldites Are Out of It.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 14.— United
States Surveyor-General Will S. Green,
editor of the Colusa Sun, who shares with
John Boges the control of the Colusa
County machine, arrived this morning
with D. H. Arnold, chairman of the Co
lusa delegation, and M. J. Boggs, its sec
retary, who aspires to his uncle's political
greatness. Green's attitude as an admin
istration and a gold man is typical of the
complete surrender of the gold forces:
"I guees the silver men will run things,"
he said to-day. "I've been pepsinizing
my stomach for crow and I guess I can
take it now. No, I will not bolt the ticket
if a silver man is nominated. Very few
Democrats will. Some may sulk in their
tents for a while, but wuen election time
come? they will do their proper work.
The Democrats out here can eat crow one
way as well as the Republicans can the
other. The other fellows have pot theirs
down already. For myself I don't think
that if a silver President and a silver Con
gress are elected they will do the crazy
thing when they get face to face with the
responsibility. My impression is that the
Colusa delegation favors gold, but it will
not light for what it can't get."
Arnold and Boggs are not proclaiming
how their delegation stands as to Frann
Gould, and they 6ay nothing about the
San Francisco contest. That is the way
with most of the country fellows. Some
will vote the way they are not expected to;
others don't know what stand they will
take, and none want to be pulled all over
Sacramento in the scrap over the city ma
chine.
"The Colusa delegation will vote as a
unit," said Mr. Arnold, ''and our people
have decided to tell nobody what it is
going to do. We are seeking nothing,
have no kicks and are not calamity howl
ers. 1 want to see a united Democracy,
for the good of the party and the people."
THE BUCKLEVITES TALK.
Declare They Cannot Be Excluded
From the Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 14.—Repu
diation of Buckley and Buckleyism is the
cue for the members of the "regular"
Democratic delegation from San Fran
cisco. Any reference to the once all
powerful boss in talking with the dele
gates commonly reputed to be controlled
by Buckley excites the glassy eye, while
the glad hand is promptly extended to the
tactful politician or interviewer who speaks
of the delegation as being the "regular"
body.
This delegation has Dr. James I. Stan
ton, Railroad Commissioner, as its chair
man. That gentleman was among the ar
rivals to-night, and was accompanied by
Andy Clunie and £am Newman, the secre
tary of the Railroad Commission. Speak
ing of the expected contest for recognition
by the State Convention of his delegation
Dr. Stanton said:
"We are opposed, of course, to Gould as
chairman, because his action in the State
Central Committee showed tbat it is im
possible for him to act impartial!}' or give
us anything like fair treatment. We
! simply want a chance to lay our case be
j fore the Democrats of the State and let
| them decide whether or not we have a
! right to participate in the deliberations of
the party and whether the State Central
; Committee has the right to exclude the
: Democrats represented by our wing of the
j. party.
"We don't expect the same sort of treat
ment that was accorded to the representa
tives of our side at the meet ing in the
California Hotel. 1 '
Apdy Clunie freely expressed himself,
saying: "So far as San Francisco is con
cerned, or at least that major part of the
Democracy of that City represented by
our delegation, we want only a chairman
who is fair — any one but Gould, who has
declared himself on the question of the
contested delegations from San Francisco.
Ifhe was fair-minded and had not made up
his mind on this proposition we would be
in favor of him.
"What we want to repudiate is the re
port that we are here as the representa
tives of Buckley in any form. We are
j here as the representatives of the Demo
cratic party of San Francisco, and every
man of the delegation has worked long
! and faithfully in the interests of the party.
; We don't think that the Democratic party
of the State will permit any arbitrary ac
tion to be taken by any person or persons
representing interests antagonistic to ours.
We understand that the opposition intends
to take possession of the hall and keep us
out. All that we want is to have the con
vention organized without either of the
delegations being recognized.
"We were pledged for silver and came
here solid with 161 votes for a white-metal
plank in the platform. For delegates-at
large we are solid also for Stephen M.
White, W. W. Foote and James G.
Maguire. We will support any fouth man
who is a good silver advocate, but he has
got to be for silver to get our votes."
LA RUE ROASTS AULL.
Declares the Folsom Warden Knifed
Budd Two Years Ago.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 14. — The
local Democrats who are putting logs in
the way of Warden Auli of Folsom and
his efforts to be one of the Second District
delegates to Chicago say that Aull is not a
high-grade Democrat, and that he will
suffer for party sins. Mr. Aull will not be
here until to-morrow to talk back.
Railroad Commissioner H. M. La Rue
to-day regretted the publication of the
story of his opposition to his friend of the
State Prison, but confirmed it, *nd made
his grounds for opposition more clear and
interesting by asserting the belief that
Aull had knifed him and others on the
ticket at last election. La Rue said:
"I believe that Aull gave the double
cross to Budd as well as to me, in the in
terests of the railroads."
Other Sacramento Democrats are yelling
the same charge. The Second District has
not brought forth many aspirants for
places in the delegation.
ARRIVAL OF DELEGATES.
vs Country Delegates
All Oppose Buckley.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 14.— While
a numberof delegatesand prominent De
mocratic politicians arrived in town to-day
none of the real "big guns" have shown
up. Among those now on the scene are
the following: J. H. O'Brien, J. V. Cole
man, D. O'Connell, Thomas J. Glynn, John
Cooney, Sam Braunhart, Dr. James I.
Stanton, Andrew J. Clunie, Sam Newman,
8. F. Kohlman, Richard O'Brien and J. A.
Fenton of San Francisco; J. P. Haynes
and J. K. Dollison of Eureka; D. H. Ar
nold, Will S. Green and M. J. Boggs of
Colusa; H. M. Staire and Thomas O. To
land of Ventura; J. H. Stewart of Alturas;
Charles Edelman of Orange.
• Sam Brannbart was one of about thirty
delegates arriving on the late train to
night, the thirty being a very mixed com
pany.
"There is simply nothing to add to what
has been said over and over again in the
newspapers of late," said Braunhart. "1
haven't been able to find a country dele
gate who is not against Buckley and his
schemes in the convention. The delega
tions from up here are fighting for his sup
pression harder than we of San Francisco
are. I don't believe he will have any
recognition in the convention. The con
vention will declare for silver, I am sure,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
SOME EARLY IMPRESSIONS OF THE CONVENTION CITY.
and further than that there is little U9e of
predicting further than has already been
done. la m to-night trying to keep cool."
WOMEN WOO THE BALLOT.
Equal Suffrage Leaders to Labor
Among: Democrats.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 14.— The
first delegation of equal suffrage leaders
arrived this evening to take up the appar
ently hopeless task of convincing «t least
308 representatives of the Democracy that
the party should be just and chivalrous.
Susan B. Anthony, weary from her
labors in the Oregon campaign, will arrive
from the north a little after Bunrise and
the ladies here will be up with the lark to
greet her at the depot.
Those who reappeared at the Golden
Eagle to-night were Mrs. A. A. Sargent,
Mrs. John Swift, Mrs. Henry Krebs, Mrs.
Ida Harper, Mi*s Winnifred Harper, San
Francisco; Mrs. Knox Goodrich, Mrs. E. O.
Smith, San Jose; Rev. Anna Shaw and
Miss Mary Hay. Sarah B. Cooper and
other ladies active in the cause will be
here to-morrow.
The ladies are to-night weary, warm,
discouraged and determined to see the
bottom of that last ditch as far as this ae
gregation of Democrats is concerned. Miss
Mary Hay is the bravest of these heroines.
She is the optimist of the crowd.
"I never give up until 1 am beaten, arid
I believe we will win," Miss Hay says.
The ladies have three rooms on the third
floor of the Golden Eagle for headquarters,
and to-morrow alluring flowers will adorn
their rooms, and placards elsewhere will
invite and direct Democrats to call at the
headquarters. The policy pursued at the
Republican Convention will be repeated.
The ladies will go button-holing among
the delegates. Delegates are expected to
come to them to be talked to. Bat the
Democratic Convention will take off its
hat to the ladies, invite them to sit down
in a nice place when they visit the con
vention, and will probably listen with
chivalrous patience to their pleas. Then
about eleven delegates will vote for the
resolution in their favor when the report
of the committee on platform is read,
minus the coveted plank.
Mrs. Ida Harper, who is supposed to do
the talking to newspapermen, told to
night of the ladies' resolution to do their
duty ; of Gavin McNab's chivalry ; of John
Daggett's fight of his own; of the big
bachelor Democrats who are fierce for the
borne and the babies, and why the Dem
ocracy could lose nothing by getting into
the procession.
"As to the prospects," said she, "all we
can judge by is what the papers say, and
they nearly all declare that we will not
get our plank in the Democratic platform.
We find in talking to the leading Demo
crats that while many are personally
favorable to woman suffrage few consider
it party expediency to put it in the plat
form. We found a very few ready to flght
for the cause. The very strongest man we
found was McNab. McNab said that he
was an out-and-out woman suffragist. He
said he had secured headquarters here and
that he would be glad to have us come to
his headquarters to confer with him, and
that he would come to our headquarters
and do anything he could for us.
"Max Popper is for our cause. W. W.
Foote is not in favor of it. Mr. Laymance
and Mr. Fitzgerald are not in favor of
woman suffrage, but are not particularly
opposed to it. Mr. Daggett said that he
had his own fight in hand, and it was all
he could attend to. He would not commit
himself as to whether he was favorable or
unfavorable to us. We made quite an ef
fort to see Mr. Buckiey, but were unsuc
cessful. His home is in Livermore, and
we were not successful in rinding him in
the city. We were told that Mr. Donovan
and Mr. Rainey were both friendly to us,
but we were unable to see these men when
we called.
"Our own work has been confined to
San Francisco and Oakland, and we have
expected the women of the various
counties to do the work among their dele
gates. Among the Democrats we met the
same old arguments about the home and
children. Mr. Fitzgerald talked very
pleasantly when he said that woman was
crowding men out of employment, as they
were unable to marry, and that it was
woman's duty to create homes and care
for children ; and I looked at him — a bach
elor with an income of several thousand a
year and gray hairs coming on his head —
and [ said :
"Well, why don't you give some woman
a chance to create a home?'
" 'You've got me, Mrs. ; I surrender,' he
said.
"There is Jerome Hart, another old
bachelor. You read the beautiful ed
itorials in the Argonaut about home and
the blessings of maternity, and you want
to go rieht out and buy a home. Bach
elors and old maids know more about rais
ing children than anybody else.
"If we knew we could not get what we
ask we would come just the same. The
woman suffrage organization is absolutely
non-partisan, and we wish to show that
we are not working on party lines. We
will do all in our power to succeed. We are
here representing the women of California,
and have a duty to discharge. This thing
coula not hurt the Democratic party, be
cause it is in the platforms of all the otner
parties, and opponents will have no place
to turn. Some of the Democrats say that
[.Sketched by a "Call" artiit.]
the opposition to woman suffrage will [
conir to them, but we reply that no man in
a Presidential campaign will go to another
party simply on that account; after every |
party has indorsed it the voter is still free j
to vote as he pleases. By doing what the I
other parties have done the Democracy !
would gain friends among the women of |
the State."
SACRAMENTO IROQUOIS.
Visiting Democrats to Assist in
the Opening: Celebration.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 14.— A big
crowd of Democrats will withdraw from
the bustling, caucusing throng to-morrow
evening and celebrate the beginning of
the new Iroquois Club of Sacramento.
Large delegations from the Iroquois Clubs
of San Francisco, Benicia and Suisun will
arrive in the evening with straw hats and
tomahawks. They will be met at the depot
by the members of tne new club and a
noisy brass band and will then proceed to
Pioneer Hall for installation, high jinks
and other ceremonie- and pleasures.
The new club ha> 100 members and the
following officers: President, E. G. Ely;
first vice-president, C. T. Hughes; second
vice-president, A. Mazzini; corresponding
secretary, J. H. Watkins; financial secre
tary, Mr. Randall ; treasurer, F. T. Lyman.
Directors — H. M. La Rue, A. C. Hinckson,
P. Kelly, D. J. Mannix.
BUDD MAY NOT ATTEND.
Ordered by His Physician to Re-
main at Home.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 14.— 1t may
be that Governor Budd will not put in an
appearance in the Capital city during its
occupancy by the Democratic contingent
which has gathered here to attend the
State convention. His physician, it is
said, has given positive ord -rs that he
must rest quietly at home in Stockton
until the inflammation in his injured knee
has been allayed, and that he must not use
the member at all.
Those conversant with the Governor's
active temperament and his intense inter
est in all pertaining to gubernatorial
affairs claim that it will need stronger
bonds than physicians' orders to restrain
and prevent him putting in an appearance
at the arena of Democratic strife. His in
jury was received during his late trip to
the Yosemite valley, his Excellency hav
ing sustained a severe fall during one of
his indefatigable examination tours.
THE DELEGATES.
Names of Those Who Will Fight
Together at Sacramento.
Following is the list of Democratic dele
gates to the convention at Sacramento as
far as obtained :
Alameda, thirty-five delegates— W. W.
Foote, F. W. Leonhardt, T. Clunie, P. C. Con
nelly, J. Geary, D. Spillane, J. J. Farrell, J. J.
McDonald, M. J. Kelly, C. 11. Drosnahan, C.
W. Logan, J. M. English, W. M. Duval, J. R.
Glascock, E. Gllligan, M. J. O'Gara, H. Moflitt,
V. Gillardin, A. R. Baum. G. W. Dennis, H. W
Bradley, F. Wild. E. 8. Lund, C. Heyer, F.
Meyer, E. J. Holland, T. Scott, E. Kolb, F. E.
Armstrong, I). H. Frye, D. Newell, D. Landre
gan, J. J. O'Rourke, H. Dusteibury, J. Crowell.
Bulte, nine delegates— P. Uenshaw, J. W. B.
Montgomery, W. P. Lynch, A. F. Jones, A.
Moncure, Dr. O. C. Hawkins, E. C. Paxton, J.
D. Sproul.
Calaveras, seven delegates— P. B. Loeffer, W
Garard, P. H. Ke«n, T. E. McSorley, T. T. Lane,
W. H. Cleary Jr., F. Brown.
Colusa. seven delegates— W. H. West, W. H.
Butler, J. S. Gibson, G. F. Able, R. Cosuer, M
J. Boggs, D. H. Arnold.
Contra Costa, seven delegates— R. H. Lati
mer, T. A. McMahon, E. J. Randall, <;. F. Mont
gomery, C. A. Sweeney, J. O. Reese, P. de Mar
tini.
Del Norte, two delegates— J. E. Murphy, J.
Wenger.
El Dorado, six delegates— George Hofmeister,
George Geisendorfer, Nathaniel Porter, J S
Sherer, R. W. N. Swendt, J. K. McMillan.
Fresno, thirteen delegates— B. T. Alford, R.
B. Daniel, Oscar Johnson, T. J. Alexander, Eu
gene Smith, 11. C. Tupper, J. W. Terrill, E. D.
Vogelsang, W". H. Hutchinson, J. H. Lame, G.
E. Church, E. D. Edwards, L. Mouiirie.
Glenn, four delegate's— Benjamin F. Gels
David H. Delong, Frank B. Glenn, Dennis K.
Masterson.
Humboldt, eight delegates— J. P. Haines, J.
K. Doliison, J. F. Coonan, A.F. Nelson, Thomas
Blair, S. I. Allard, W. J. McCouagliy, H L.
Ford.
Kern, eight delegates— Gus A. Miller, Fred
erick Fickert, William P. Wilkes, T. A. Mon
cure, Elisha M. Roberts, Henry W. McCray
Alfred Harrell, Robert Christian.
Kings, four delegates— R. E. Foley, R L
Thompson. F. V. Dewey, \V. W. Barnes.
Lake, four delegates— Andrew Rocca. W Mc-
Bee, J. W. Bogss, W. McLain.
Lassen, three delegates— F. W. Winchell, W.
E. Dozier, J. E. I'nrdee.
Los Angeles, thirty-eight delegates— Dele
gates-at-large, Stephen M. White, George W.
Merrill, C. F. A. Last, Joseph Maier; district
delegates: First, H. L. Montgomery, V. >I
Greaver, Joseph Fowler, H. W. Patton, G. W.
Dobyns, G. S. I'atton ; Second, George Roberts,
J. Marion Brooks. W. H. Workman, George \r
buckle, I. B. DoekweiU-r, D. Motiarry W X
Burke, J. J. O'Brien; Third, Q. W. Rotzer, Tom
McCafferey, Tom Donahue, W. A. Ryan B E
Taney, Nick Wynne; Fourth, George Hinds, W.
P. Ra-msauer, J. H. Ardis, T. D. English, I. E*.
Missmorc, A. Mooser; Fifth, Tom Savage. H,
M. Peterson, L. C Tighlman, A. Ramish, F M*
N'iekt'll, H. Kearney, Luke Kelly, T. J. Cud'dV
Madera, five delegates— W. M, Conley, K. E.
Rhoads, Miles Wallace, E. J. Leonard, Joseuh
Borden.
Mariposa, three delegates— C. B. Cavagnaro
Louis Trabucco, J. C. C. Russell.
Marin, five delegates— James H. Wilkins, M
F. Cochran, Stephen Bowers, Jerry Adams
Charles Redding.
Mendocino, nine delegates— J. A. Cooper, J
H. Seuwell, John Flanagan, J. C. Lane Ueorire
MfMulien, Will Parsons, E. G. Case, J. c. Rud
dock, John Buckingham.
Merced, five delegates— Dr. E. S. O'Brien Ed
D. McCabe, T. C. Law, Ed L. Sturgeon, S. K.
Spears.
Moaoc, three delegates— Milton Pierce, S. L
Ford, A. J. Meyer.
Monterey, eight delegates— John Thompson
P. E. Zabalii, C. Z. Herbert, S. B. Gordon Sr II
A. Greene, Q. E. Faw, John Irvine, F. J. Leahy'
Naua. eight delegates— H. Hogan, B. S. Wilk
ins, C. W. Armstrong, J. G. Johnson, J Even
A. J. Raney, E. A. Rety, \V. A. Harris. '
Nevada, eight delegates— Thomas S. Ford,
Elijah J. Rector, William H.Martin, Patrick
Henry, William F. Prisk, A. A. Tregidgoe,
Patrick Campbell, James S. Hennessy.
Orange, five delegates— Willinm H. Spurgeon,
George Mlnter, Willinm H. McFadden, Charles
Bdleman, H. A. McWilliams.
Placer, eight delegates— At large, Joseph
Hamilton, G.W. Applegate; district delegates—
L. D. Thomas, I. Levinson, Sam J. Pullen, John
Nichols, A. MeKinley.
Riverside, live delegates— Ed J. Davis, Mark
R. Plaisted, O. A. Smith, William F. Bray,
Joseph A. Kerr.
Sacramento, seventeen delegates — P. Kelly,
A. M. Seymour, W. J. Hnssett, H. Meyers, A.
Ma/.zini, J. V. Carroll, M. Van Fleet, H. M. La
Rue Jr., Dr. H. L. Nichols, C. Aull. P. Rooney,
D. Donohue, J. B. Famish, G. B. Gray, Dr. D. E.
Jarnet; at large— T. W. O'Neill, E. W. Hale.
San Benito, five delegates— M. G. Dooling, J.
L. Hunter, G. M. Asher, W. Palmtag, P. E. G.
Auzar.
San Bernardino, seven delegates — A. B.
Paris, J. W. Curtis, J. A. Drake, R. T. Mc-
Ginntß, H. Smith, Dan Murphy, Colonel T. J.
Wilson.
San Diego, ten delegates— Oscar A. Trippptt,
Isaac Irwin, John C. Fisher, J. F. Kinney, L.
L. Boone, James McNair, S. J. Still, E. J.
Smith, Charles C. Hakes, S. 8. Knowles.
San Francisco, 161 delegates—Delegates-at
large: James D. Phelan, E. B. Pond, Barclay
Henley, George T. Marye Jr., James V. Cole
man, Eugene N. Deuprey, James Denman, M.
Greenblatt, John Fay, William J. Biggy, Clitus
Harbour, Jeremiah Lynch, A. Richet, John
Foiey, Henry Fortmann, P. B. Boland, H. W.
Rea, J. Donahue, Chris Keis, John J. Maguire,
C. M. Chase, Marion Biggs John Brickwedel,
Jasper McDonald, W. J. Gleason. Osgood Put
nam, H. Brandenstein, G. Howard Thompson,
Charles W. Reed, A. A. Watkins, Frank P.
Hughes, T. J. Walsh, Dr. D. F. Ragan, Paul F.
Kingston, Joseph M. Nougues, S. A. Bourne,
Michael Meagher, Isador Jacobs, S. C. Schee
line, R. L. Mann, George B. Godfrey, J. P. Hop
kins, Eliot McAllister, J. J. Mehegan, J. B.
Kearney, T. M. Bearey, P. J. Tomalty, Captain
P. M. Delaney, L. J. Hurley, John Mannix, M.
J. Mchrearty, P. H. McKcuua, Joseph K. Haw
kin.-.
Twenty-eighth District— John F. McGovern,
John Jennings, John Murphy, E. F. Lacey, L.
Hoey, M. Rodgers.
Twenty-ninth District— August Tlllman, John
Allen, Paul E. Struck, Henry Sheehan, J. M.
Straus, J. Flanagan.
Thirtieth District— George Fitzgerald, Charles
Goetgeu, William EL Sullivan, John Haney,
Thomas McCreagh, E. J. Hannon.
Thirty-first District— D. J. McCarthy, Bernard
McArdie, James Sharkey, J. B. Henriouelle,
Chris Hilliard, Daniel R. Sullivan.
Thirty-second District— T. Donovan, W. Ait
ken, I. w. Cook, George McCall, T. Murphy,
J. Leary.
Thirty-third District— John O'Donnell, Thos.
K. Scully, J. Lehaney, H. M. Breen, Thomas F.
Mitcneli, John Holland.
Thirty-fourth District— No election on ac
count of frauds.
Thirty-fifth District— F. J. O'Reilly, John
Massey, N. Scheeline, John H. Grady, Michael
Curran, Thomas Brennan.
Thirty-sixth District— T. J. Lyons. B. H.
Wieners, Hugh Jones, J. J. Riordan, Max Pop-
Der, James H. CarrolL
Thirty-seventh District — Thomas J. Burke,
W. J. Williams, R. G. Nunun, Edward Deady,
James Byrne, William Hanlcy.
Thirty-eighth District — Thomas F. Clark,
Thomas F. O'Brien, John P. Culley, Hugo
Asher, C. A. Reynold?, E. A. Wettig.
'lhirty-ninth District— J. H. Doolittle, A. T.
Vogelsang, Dr. J. W. O'Rourke, J. C. Bunner,
Thomas P. Fenton, Jeremiah V. Coffey.
Fortieth District— M. C. Hassett, C. J. Sulli
van, T. P. Riordan, Sydney Van Wyck, P. J.
White, J. L. Franklin.
Forty-first District— John F. Fitzpatrick, I.
W. Davis, Charles E. Mooser, Walter H. Levy,
Sol H. Jacobs, John N. Much.
Forty-secoud District — John D. O'Leary,
Frank Conlin, Frank McElrath, Martin Fla
herty, John Murphy, George Brown.
Forty-third District— C. Luhn, William Ab
bott, H. A. Conrad, Samuel Pollock, H. K. Wil
liar, S. B. Carleton.
Forty-fourth District— C. J. Moran, G. H.
Kendall, James Riley, John Lyncn, John
Feeney, Albert Bear.
Forty-fifth District— Gavin McNab, H. Sutliff,
Peter McMahon, Isadore Townsend, J. H. M.
Shetterley, P. A. Fiuegan.
San Joaquin, nineteen delegates — Michael
Brisco, W. L. Brennan, J. D. Galland, F. A.
Gould. W. R. Jacobs, M. McCann, J. N. Woods,
J. J. Noonan, W. H. Walker, J. A. Swain, W. B.
Rainey, C. H. Gordon, C. Ludwig Jr., J. W.
Graves, G. A. Fox, M. de Vrles, F. D. Nicol, W.
M. Gibson, J. A. Shepherd.
San Luis Obispo, six delegates— Captain W.
Taylor, Ernest C. Ivens, Y. A. Lee, Ernest
Graves, William H. Ryan, John D. Seaman.
San Mateo, five delegates— Martin Kelly, W.
F. Swift, J. B. Kelly, H. Schultz, J. McCormick.
At large— George W. Fox.
Santa Barbara, seven delegates— A. S. Cooper,
C. Laiaillndo, A.B. Williams, N. C. Den, J. J.
Donahue, J. G. Deadrict, J. W. Graham.
Santa Clara, twenty-two delegates — J. A.
Hickfl, Jackson HRtch, H. H. Main, M. Casey,
S. B. Moore, L. C. Trailer, Gus Lion, J. W. Sul
livan, Frank Bumgartner, S. H. Cambell, B
Distel, W. S. Games, V. A. Scheller, T. A. Car
roll, John Snyder, W. B. Rankin, W. Patton,
Antone Friant. Peter Ball, \V. Osterman, John
Roll and S. N. RucKer.
Santa Cruz, seven delegates— B. Burke, C. H.
Cassin, C. Steinmetz, F. O'Neal, T. Beck, Ed
White, C. Hartman.
Shasta, five delegates— Clay W. Taylor,
Charles H. Braynard, Thomas B. Dozier, Wil
liam H. Logan, A. F. Smith.
Sierra, three delegates— William O. Peck,
John Hayes, Frank R. Wehe.
Slskiyou, seven delegates— James F. Farra
hor, H. B. Gillis, J. S. Mathews, Dr. C. W. Nut
ting, H. H. Patterson, M. J. Fay, John A. Fair
child.
Solano, five delegates— C. D. McCauley, D.
Wynne, J. Minnahan, J. C. Howard, J. Mc-
Gettigan.
Sonoma, fifteen delegates — Robert Howe, J.
O'Hara, F. T. Dupring, J. S. Saunders, D. W.
Ravenscroft, E. E. Dreese, T. J. Geary. \V.
Longmore, A. Markham, A. F. Dominie," J. A.
McMinn, J. T. Coffman, J.P. Smith, J.O'Grady,
H. W. Ungewitter.
Stanislaus, eight delegates— Dan E. Relle
her, Henry F. Long, Miner Walden, A. C. L.
Hewel, Laf'iyette Sweitzer, James R. Brough
ton, John D. McPike, Michael P. Kearney.
Sinter, five delegates— L. P. Farmer, F. P.
Ke -irns, Dr. E. V. Jacobs, S. D. Hicks, K. S.
Mnhon.
Ti'hamn, five delegates— H. P. Andrews, W.
L. Bransfora, M. G. Gill, W. H. Marshall, J. J.
Wells.
Trinity, three delegates— Dr. D. L. Blake,
3v.hu. JlcMurray, Fred Beaudry.
Tulare, ten delegates— J. F. Boiler, A. M.
Lumley, F. L. Alford, C. L. Russell, W. H. Al
tord, G. A. Parker, R. J. King, W. P. Boone, J.
W. Martin, M. M. Dale.
Ventnrn, six delegates— John McGonigle, H.
M. staire, B. Grimes, T. A. Rice, T. A. Toland,
M. Fagan.
Yolo, nine delegates— Ed E. Lease, Byron
Ball, Charles T. Laugenour, L. Develbols, C. A.
Newton, S. T. Montgomery, D. F. Houx, L.
Channack, M. A. Muse.
Yuba, six delegates— Hugh McGuire, William
H. Carlin, Wiliiam A. Atkinson, James O'Brien,
William Slingsby, Dan P. Donohue.
Reed In Washington.
WASHINGTON, £>. C, June 14.—
Speaker Reed remains in Washington and
it is uncertain when he will go to New
York. He received no communication to
day from St. Louis, save a mail budget,
which contained no news of importance.
FORMULATING
THE PLATFORN.
Cbnttmted from FLrtt Page.
the Government, prosperity will return
and with the return of prosperity the
present financial difficulties will solve
themselves. In Mr. Fairbanks' speech
the tariff will be the central proposition.
Out of it the financial plank will develop
as a logical conclusion. Mr. Fairbanks
will proclaim adherence to the "present
standard." He will not use the word
"gold." He will declare against the free
coinage of silver at any ratio. These two
propositions, Mr. Fairbanks will then pro
ceed to say, are sufficient to prove to any
man that Mr. McKinley is an adherent of
the gold standard. They will include the
best there is in the New York platform
and in the Indiana platform. No adherent
of the gold standard who stands for the
principle of the gold standard and not for
the mere verbiage can ask for more than
this statement promises.
Mr. Fairbanks ranks among the most
profound and brilliant speakers of this
country, and on this part of his speech he
has concentrated all his great ability.
Another and totally independent cnapter
of his speech will be devoted to a pledge
to make every effort to secure an inter
national agreement for the coinage of
silver. But this he will discuss as a prop
osition totally apart and separate from the
pledge to maintain the present standard.
The currency plank is in no wise contin
gent on the international agreement.
C. C. Carlton.
M'KINLEY AND HANNA.
History of Their First Meeting: and
Later Friendship.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.—Commenda
tions are heard on every side concerning
the splendid generalship of Marcus Aure-
Jiua Hanna, Mr. McKin ley's manager.
Mr. Hanna is a fat man with a fat face
and a fat paunch, and looks as innocent as
a kitten sleeping before a fire.
Csesar wanted men about him that were
fat and slept well o' nights, because, al
though in a climate like that of St. Louis
they might perspire, they would never con
spire, according to the Roman General's
idea. Mr. Hanna, in bis 230 pounds of
own personality, has forever discredited
the judgment of Caesar, for he is the fore
most, the smoothest, the subtlest, the
most untiring political conspirator, per
haps, in American history.
Yet be is not without precedent Is not
Count Fosco, in Wilkie Collins' charming
novel, "The Woman in Wnite," a fat man?
What an interesting figure Collins made
of him, chirping sweetly and soothingly to
a canary perched on bis forefinger, while
at the same time he was plotting with a
secret society against the Government and
betraying the officers of that society to the
Government. The parallel between Fosco
and Hanna, however, does not extend be
yond portliness and intrigue, for no one
has accused the Ohio schemer of betrayals.
On the contrary, the political woods are
full of birds singing his praise, the sweet
est of all, even tc an old politician — that
which is earned by success. No matter as
to the methods.
The iridescent dreaminess of political
purity which lulled Senator Ingalls to po
litical sleep still exists in spite of the ag
nostics, and whatever Marcus Aurelius
Hanna may have done that would not
stand a pulpit test has been done well and
tnorougbiy and has been a winner thus
far. What more do you want?
Business considerations may or may not
have entered into Mr. Hanna's zeal and
work for bis friend. Mr. Hanna has much
business and is a man of large affairs. Be
sides being interested in coal and iron he
is the principal owner in the street
car system in Cleveland, Ohio, and also of
a shipyard. That is his way of bringing
ship and car together. He is almost a
townsman of Mr. McKinley, for he was
born 58 years ago in Columbiana County,
Ohio, about thirty miles from Canton,
where Governor McKinley' s beautiful
home is situated.
It is said of Mr. Hanna that he never
accepted a position as a member of a local,
State or National committee. The oniy
public office he ever held was a Govern
ment directorship of the Pacific Railroad,
lor which post he was named by Grover
Cleveland, upon the recommendation of
Henry B. Payne, a Democratic United
States Senator.
McKin'ey and Hanna met for the first
time in a courthouse at Masailon in the
early '70s, when twenty-three strikers from
Hanna's mines were being tried for incen
diarism. William McKinley was counsel
for the defense and, although he had the
poorest kind of a case, his eloquence
cleared twenty-two of the twenty-three
men. Hanna was so favorably impressed
with his ability that he became his firm
friend and backed him in ail his political
ventures.
Samuel M. Shortridge went to Hannibal,
Mo., to-night to meet the California dele
gation. They will arrive at 9:30 in the
morning. John Paul Cosgbavk.
— ♦
TICKETS FOR DELEGATES.
The National Committee Decides
on Their Distribution.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— The sub
committee of the National Republican
Committee, consisting of Messrs. Manley,
Hahn, Clayton, Kerens and Payne, held
a short meeting to-day to mate allotments
of tickets to the National delegates and
members of the committee. This was the
only business transacted. The full com
mittee assembles for a final session at 10
o'clock to-morrow mornintr, when it will
clear up all business relating to the
National gathering.
It is reported to-night that the Rhode
Island delegation would not cast eight
votes for Reed on the first ballot. This
was denied by V. L. Freeman, one of the
seven delegates already here, at the State
headquarters, who declared that the full
vote would be cast for the Maine man un
der Manley, whose authority would re
lease the delegation from its pledse.
One of the alternates from the State who
was present at the time, but who refused
to give bis name, promptly combatted Mr.
Freeman's assertion and declared that cer
tain members of the delegation since they
had arrived here had determined to vote
for McKinley from the first and it was
doubtful if Reed would get a single vote
Both Mr. Freeman and the unknown alter
nate agreed that neither D. Russell Brown
nor Governor Lippitt would be placed in
nomination for Vice- President.
SENATOR CULLOM CALLED.
He Has a Conference With Gover-
nor McKinley.
CANTON, Ohio, June 14.-United States
Senator Shelby M. Cullom of Illinois paid
a visit to Governor McKinley to-day. The
two gentlemen were in close consultation
for quite a while, but as to the nature of
the conference it can only be conjectured,
as neither gentleman would talk on this
point. Senator Cullom said he was on his
way home from Washington to Spring
field. He may attend the St. Louis con
vention, but has not at present decided
upon doing so. He said the visit to Mc-
Kinley was a social one. He thought Mc-
Kinley would be the nominee, but was not
so sure as to his selection by acclamation.
He said the financial plank in the plat
form would be short and decisive for sound
money. Tariff with reciprocity will be
favored, he declared, and the platform will
doubtless say something on the Cuban
question, extending sympathy with the
people.
PERRY HEATH'S HISTORY
From Printer's Devil to Pro-
prletor of a Great Paper.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 14.— Perhaps none
of the McKinley lieutenants are more
popular than Perry S. Heath. I found
him to be a very affable young man, tall
of stature and with a long, prominent nose.
Viewed from the rear he bears a striking
resemblance to young Mr. Hearst of the
New York Morning Journal, but he is
taller and darker than that gentleman.
Heath is liked by all newspaper men here
because of his breezy affability. He is a
newspaper man himself, and, it is said,
intends to abandon that business for the
post of private secretary to McKinley,
should he be the next President of the
United btates. There is no accounting fot
tastes, as an ancient dame once remarked
on a memorable occasion.
Mr. Heath was here early in the fight,and
in conjunction with Judge Thompson, a
smooth piece of political furniture from
Ohio, kept the wires at this end of the line
in place. His career has been an eventful
one, and from an humble beginning a suc
cessful one as well.
He was born in Muncie, Ind., in 1857.
At the age of 13 years he became a print
er's devil and worked at the trade of
sticking type for seven years. Then he be
came a reporter and evolnted into a coun
try editor at Muncie in 1878. In the spring
of 1881 he changed his residence to Wash
ington as a press correspondent and took
a prominent part in the constitutional
conventions of 1885, 1888 and 1889 for the
division of Dakota and admission of the
two parts to the ranks of Statehood. In
1889, in recognition of his services, he was
asked to accept the Territorial Governor
ship of Dakota, pending its admission into
the Union, but declined. On April 1,
1894, he secured control of the Cincinnati
Commercial Gazette and became its presi
dent, general manager and editor. In
April, 189 d, he sold out his interest, since
which time he has been attending to the
political interests of his friend, Major Mc-
Kinley. John Paul Cosgrave.
KEVT TO-DAT.
Cunning
®®®SXS®<^®®®®SxsXs)®
That little tot in picture
above with Papa's Silk
Hat on and those cute
BROWNIE OVERALLS.
We're the originators of
the Brownie Overalls ; we
make 'em only in the
highest grade of Brown
Denim and are tailored
the same fashion as we
make our fine Children's
Clothes.
They're Jf.Oc always, for
all sizes.
TO-DAY, and for to-
day Special, at
25c.
Not after to-day at the
price, and positively none
to dealers.
LET US TOG OUT
YOUR LITTLE MAN
FOR HIS SUMMER
OUTING.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
The San Francisco Boys,
9, 11, 18, 15 Keamy St.
rQ-Q-Q OOP 000<XXM>00<1>00 I
DciSll #
| J ill For all who desire and apprfc. igC
\\gjL ciate the inconvenience of ;§l?2
|p> getting at a watch with gloves ©
B HP on and coats buttoned. Car- JflS
9 Mi- riers of Pig Skin, Russet and fi
Ow Patent Leather. An accurate |p$
2© timepiece with, large, legible 4p|i i
i f fm dial that can be seen at a glance p^ '
iiw —very serviceable and stylish. ipr
jiff The WaterburyiWatch Co. .®'|.
1 1(^% Mills Building,
|«'4«. SAN FRANCISCO. s|j
&&9*fiSS£Bo JUST IN §O<M>««««o2
34
THE SICK MAN
ALARMS EUROPE
A Diplomatic Ferment Over
the Sultan's Failing
Health.
ACUTE COMPLICATIONS.
Collective Note of the Powers
Against Turkish Atrocities
in Crete.
MACEDONIANS PLAN A REVOLT
Insurrectionists in Committee at Sofia
Decide to Make a Demand
for Autonomy.
BERLIN, Germany, June 14.— Under an
arrangement with the other Embassadors
to the Porte Baron Saurma yon Jeltsch,
the German Embassador at Constantino
pie, obtained an audience with the Sultan
on Friday last and read to his Majesty a
note warning Turkey against the certainty
of loosing the goodwill of the powers by
permitting the continuance of atrocities in
Crete. Subsequently the Austrian Em
bassador, Baron de Calice, obtained an
interview with the Sultan and emphasized
the yiews which "had been expressed by
the German Embassador. The Berlin pa
pers on Sunday published a report that
the powers had sent a collective note to
the Porte which probably had reference
to the less formal communication read to
the Sultan by Baron Saurma ron Jeltsch
on Friday.
The separate interview with the Sultan
by Baron de Calice was due to the fact
that he was obliged to make special rep
resentations bearing upon the interests of
Austria which are involved in the Mace
donian question, which is becoming acute.
The Macedonian committee, which is
fitting in Sofia, Bulgaria, has decided to
make a demand for the autonomy of Mace
donia and is practically conspiring to
bring about an insurrection. It is there
fore believed here that Austria has asked
the Sultan to consent to the occupation of
Macedonia by Austrian troops in the
event of an uprising there.
In connection with this belief it may be
noted that M. de Kallay, Austrian Minis
ter of Finance, in speaking upon the Aus
trian budget in the Reichsrath on Friday,
claimed that Austria-Hungary had be
come a Balkan power since the empire had
acquired Bosnia and therefore had a right
to interfere in the Balkan peninsula.
M. <Ie Kallay, in the course of his re
niarkH, hinted at, without openly men
tioning them, the plans which had been
discussed at St. Petersburg for a confed
eration of the Balkan States under Rus
sia's protectorate, and said that in connec
tion therewith the Prince of Montenegro
and the King of Servia were expected to
hold a conference with Prince Ferdinand
of Bulgaria at Sofia at the end of the
present month.
The physical ailments of the Sultan are
among the factors which are causing the
present diplomatic ferment, and the rep
resentations of the German Embassador
to Turkey are aimed at immediate and
practical action in Crete, to assist the
Kaiser's policy in keeping peace with
Europe. Simultaneously with this move
on the part of Germany, Russia has urged
the Bulgarian Government to put a stop
at any cost to the armed bands raised by
the Macedonians crossing the frontier, and
has also asked the Greek Government to
prohibit the sending of men and muni
tions of war into Crete.
Another scandal which has long been
the talk of society has now become public
property. The eminent painter, Franz yon
Lenbach, has brought a suit for divorce
from his wife, who was the Countess yon
Moltke, accusing her cf infidelity. Inorder
that Yon Lenbach may be enabled to
marry again he has left the Catholic
church, which does not recognize divorce,
and it is his intention to wed the Countess
yon Hornstein when he secures his decree
of separation. Frau yon Lenbach also ex
pects to be married again as soon as the
decree of divorce is made absolute to Dr.
Schweninger, who is Prince Bismarck's
physician.
The Hamburger Nachrichten announces
.that Prince Bismarck will henceforth de
cline to receive any large deputations of
visitors, owing to the fatigue which such
receptions involve. According to this an
nouncement the ex-Chancellor will only
pee a limited number of visitors, who will
be favored with, a noon luncheon.
DELAWARE'S SINGLE TAKERS.
Celebrate the First Anniversary of the
Openina of Their Campaign.
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14.— The
Single Tax parly of Delaware to-day cele
brated the first anniversary of the opening
of the campaign in this State by a meeting
in the park in this city, the principal
speakers being John Crosby, a lawyer of
Kansas City, Dr. S. R. Law of California
and A. E.Stephenson of Philadelphia.
The sinple tax men have headquarters at
Wilmington, Dover, Barrington, Smyrna,
Laurel and Lewes. They report having
held fifty meetings throughout the Stute
every week during the year, one-half of
them in this city. They have sixty speak
ers, and claim that two-thirds of the sixty
are volunteers. The expenses during the
year were $15,000. They claim a club
membership in this city of 1800, which, as
one of the speakers says, ''is enough to say
wi.o shall not be elected to tne next Leg
islature."
ROWBOAT DISASTER.
Three Persons Drowned in the Delaware
During a Storm.
GLOUCESTER CITY, N. J., June 14.-
Early this morning, during a severe
storm, a rowboat containing five persons
capsized in the Delaware river off here
and three of the occupants were drowned.
The dead are: Mrs. Hannah Richter,
Mrs. Kate McCue and John Brewer. Be
sides the three drowned, the boat con
tained John McCue and William Richter,
husbands of the two women. Mrs. Rich
ter sang in a concert hall here and her
husband rowed her niphtlv across the
river to their home in Philadelphia. In
some way the boat containing the party
overturned this morning and in the swift
current and heavy Bea that was on,
Brewer and the women couid not hold on
to the boat and were swept to their deaths.
Richter and McCue after a desperate .strug
gle were carried ashore on the upturned
boat. Richer and his wife were only mar
ried last Tuesday.
Death of a Union Pacific Official.
OMAHA. Nebh., June 14.-A. S. Van
Kuren, freight auditor of the Union Pa
cific Railroad, died at his home in this
city this afternoon after a brief illness of
pneumonia. Mr. Van Kuren has been a
resident of Omaha for twenty-five years.
Most of the time he has been connected
with the Union Pacific and has held his
present position ten years.
A WILD NORTHEASTER.
Rages for Fifteen Hours Off the New
Jersey Coast and Does Immense
Damage.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., June 14.— A
northeast storm of unusual severity started
in about 10 o'clock last night, and before
it had spent its fury did thousands of dol
lars' worth of damage. All night long the
wind howled and blew with the velocity of
a hurricane. Trees were uprooted and
their branches torn off, signs wer«
wrecked, awnings blown down, and other
damage sustained that littered the streets
with miscellaneous articles. The fishing
interests suffered a loss estimated at
$40,000.
At Long Branch the principal damage
was done to the iron pier. The outer
guard piling was all torn up and washed
on the beach.
Between Galilee and North Long Branch
many nets were completely destroyed.
This is the largest fishing section along
the coast. No boats were run to the pier
or docks along the South Shrewsbury
River on account of the storm.
At Atlanta Highlands many small craft
were washed up on the beach and wrecked.
Sea Bright escaped with but little loss.
At South ABbury Park the damage was
also light. At 3 o'clock this afternooD the
storm subsided.
SPYING ON FRENCH. FORTS.
Italian Officer Arrested at Nice in the
Guise of a Tourist.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 14.-The Her
aid's correspondent in Nice, France, cables
as follows :
I have been able to gather the following
definite information with regard to the ar
rest here of a captain on the Italian gen
eral staff on a charge of espionage, about
which I telegraphed yesterday :
The officers of a company of Chasseurs
Alpines, cantoned at St. Etienne-Sur-
Tinee, while reconnoitering in the neigh
borhood of Mont Mounier, an important
strategic point on the Alpine frontier, had
tlieir attention attracted by the demeanor
of a tourist, who appeared to be more
deeply interested than he had any right
to be in the works of defense which pro
tect this part of the frontier.
The tourist was arrested ana it was
learned he was no other than Captain
Agostino Ravelli of the Italian general
staff, especially attached to the bureau in
the War Department that is charged with
the study of the organization "of the
French army.
In a clever manner Captain Ravelli de
fended himself, denying that he was a
spy and declaring that he had come to the
frontier simply as a tourist.
He has been detained in custody at the
gendarmerie station, where every courtesy
is being shown him. A searching investi
gation has been opened.
WOMEN FIGHT A DUEL
One Is Slain in Deadly Combat
and Her Antagonist Is
Dying.
Razor Pitted Against Hammer in Strife
for a Wayward Husband's
Affections.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 14.— A special
to the Recorder from Tavares, Fla., says:
Mrs. Robert Gresham is dead and Mrs.
Mollie Games dying, as the result of a
duel in which they were engaged near
Clermont yesterday afternoon. Three
months ago Mrs. Games was a happy
bride, and Mrs. Gresham, who was a young
widow, was her dearest friend. Two weeks
ago, however, this love was changed to
hate, for Mrs. Games discovered that her
husband's affections had been won by the
widow.
Mrs. Games learned on Saturday after
noon that her husband and Mrs. Gresham
had planned a meeting at the latter's
home. Taking her husband's razor the
young wife went to the widow's home and
found the couple together. Games fled
and his wife sprang upon her rival, using
the razor with awful effect.
Mrs. Gresham picked up a hammer and
defended herself as best she could, dealing
Mrs. Games blow after blow on the head.
Finally Mrs. Games reached her rival's
throat with the razor, severing the jugu
lar vein and causing almost instant death.
Neighbors who came in found Mrs.
Games unconscious beside her dead rival.
An examination showed that the blows
from the hammer had fractured her skull.
Both women came from good families and
both were noted for their beauty.
FOUGHT TO THE DEATH
Two Alabama Populists Settle a
Dispute With Knife and
Pistol.
Both Killed in the Terrible Battle
and Both Leave Large
Families.
HARTSELLE, Ala., June 14.— A des
perate duel took place last night between
Monroe Jackson, and J. W. Vest, result
in the death of both men, who were prom
inent Populist politicians holding oppo
site views. ,
Last night Jackson and another man
were drinking in Vest's saloon and ex
pressed views offensive to Vest, who or
dered them out. On reaching the street
they became involved in a difficulty and
Vest went out to part them.
As a result he and Jackson became in
volved in a wordy quarrel. Finally Jack
son drew a knife and Vest a pistol and a
terrible fight ensued. Vest was cut in the
abdomen two or three times and Jackson
was shot through the lungs, in the thigh
and kidneys.
Both fought until they could stand no
longer and bled to death soon after friends
had carried them home.
Best had a wife and seven children and
Jackson leaves a widow an six children.
ABSOLUTE SILVER VICTORY.
North Carolina Democrats Make Easy
Work for Their Convention.
RALEIGH, N. C. June 14.— Nearly all
the Democratic county conventions have
been held in North Carolina and show the
absolute triumph of free silver.
It appears that there will be no gold
delegates, save from one county, at the
State Convention. Walter Clark, now
Associate Justice of the State Supreme
Court, is to be indorsed for Vice-President
of the United States.
Some of the county conventions have
pledged their delegates to vote for no man
who is not an avowed advocate of free and
unlimited silver coinage.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
BATTLE LUSTING
FORTY-TWO HOURS
Gomez Said to Have Met
With a Crushing
Defeat.
VERY DISASTROUS RUSE.
The Rebel General Attempts a
Maneuver and Falls Into
His Own Trap.
CUBAN LOSS FIVE HUNDRED.
Only a Handful of the Spanish Killed
and Wounded, According to
Official Report.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 14.— Thomas
Dawley, the correspondent of Harper's
Weekly, who was arrested some time ago
on the charge of being in communication
with the rebels, has been released from
Moro Castle, where he had been confined
ever since he was taken into custody.
Incomplete details have been received of
a battle at Navasajo. Unofficial reports
state that Gomez was in command of the
rebels, who numbered 5000 men. He made
a maneuver with the intention of leading
the Spanish commander to believe that he
intended to surround the troops, who were
encamped on the plains of Saratoca. The
maneuver failed of the desired effect, which
was to compel the Spanish forces to re
treat. The rebels attacked the troops with
machetes, but the latter repulsed the
charges.
The Dattle is said to have lasted forty
two hours. General Goderi, with a strong
Spanish force, arrived on the scene and
with his assistance the troops succeeded
in forcing the rebels to retire.
The rebel loss is said to have been 500,
while the troops lost only four killed and
two officers wounded and forty-three
soldiers wounded. Later details may
place the engagement in an entirely differ
ent aspect. The battle is said to have been
similar to that which took place at Guasi
mas in the last war.
Last night dynamite explosions occurred
under two bridges on the road leading to
Cerro and Jesus del Monte, suburbs of
Havana. The explosion caused a panic
among the people in the neighborhood.
The damage done to the bridges was
slight.
CUBAN DISSENSIONS.
President Oisnero May Be Forced to Jte-
sign in Favor of Garcia.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 14.— A special
cable to the Herald from Havana says:
The Herjdd's correspondent in Puerto
Principe confirms prsvious reports of the
existence of dissension in the rebel ranks.
Cisnero, the President, is accused of lack
of firmness in civil affairs and he will prob
ably be forced to resign in favor of Calixto
Garcia.
In that event Jose Maceo will be recon
firmed in command of the extreme east
ern districts.
Gomez, as soon as he returned to Puerto
Principe province, placed the insurgent
civil authorities thereof under arrest and
court-martialed and shot the provincial
treasurer, Manuel Gonzalez, on a charge of
embezzling cattle tax funds amounting to
$15,000 or more.
Gonzales' secretary and several subor
dinates were also shot as accomplices.
The correspondent says that the trouble
between Garcia and Jose Maceo orig
inated in the latter' s confiis
cation, and use by his own troops
of the greater portion of the
arms and ammunition which Garcia
brought to Cuba in the Bermuda expedi
tion. Garcia resented this, and, asserting
his superior authority, in virtue of his ap
pointment by the New York Junta, at
tempted to depose Maceo, when the latter
sent fast runners with a complaint to
Gomez.
KRUGER'S MAGNANIMITY.
A Monster Deputation Calls Upon the
Transvaal President to Express
Gratitude.
PRETORIA, Sooth Africa, June 14.—
President Kruger yesterday received a
monster deputation, consisting of the
Mayors of all the towns of South Africa,
which had been organized for the purpose
of praying for the release of the members
of the Johannesburg Reform Committee.
Since the prisoners were released it was
decided that the deputation should visit
Pretoria and tender thanks to President
Kruger for his clemency. Replying to the
address of the deputation the President
said that he had only one authority to
guide him and that was that Book, point
ing to a large Bible, which had shown him
the direction to follow. The Africanders
were human beings and knew how to show
mercy. Referring to Cecil Rhodes, Presi
dent Kruger said : "What must be thought
of a person who egged on dogs to fi^ht
while he was sitting quietly and unpun
ished? He, the man who had caused all
the trouble, was free."
At the conclusion of the speech the depu
tation gave three cheers for the President,
the Government of the Transvaal and Mrs.
Kruger.
KAISER AMD VICEROY.
The German Emperor Gives an Audl-
ence to Li Hung Chang.
BERLIN, Germany, June 14. — Emperor
William to-day gave an audience to Li
Hung Chang, the Chinese statesman who
represented the Chinese Emperor at the
coronation of the Czar ana who is now re
turning to China. In his address to the
Emperor, Li Hung Chang said that China's
relations with Germany were more friendly
than with any other power.
Li Hung Chang will make an inspection
of dockyards and the leading industries of
Germany.
field Marshal Count Yamagata, the
representative of the MiKado at the Czar's
coronation, arrived here to-day.
yotublt Death at Lisbon.
LISBON, Pobtuoal, June 14.— Thomas
Antoin Ferelro Ribeiro, a well-known
Portuguese statesman and litterateur, died
to-day. He was botn.jit Paroda de Gona
in 1851. He waß well cfiown in Portugal
as a poet and prose writer.
Shipwrecked Mariners Picked Up.
LONDON. England, June 14.— The Brit
ish bark Lathom, Captain Campbell, from
Swansea, February 10, for San Francisco,
has put into Valparaiso for water. She
has on board the crew of the British bark
Gowanbank, Captain Puxley, from Barry,
January 20, for Iquique, before reported
abandoned at sea.
ARMENIANS PERSECUTED.
Over Six Hundred Arrested in Constanti-
nople and Deported to
Anatolia.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tucket, June 14.—
The representative of the United Press is
informed on reliable authority tnat 600
Armenians have been arrested in this city
since June 9. A majority of the prisoners
are from Rodisto.
The member of the Armenian Revolu
tionary Committee, who on Monday last
assassinated an Armenian spy in this city
and who was shot and killed by the patrol
while trying to escape, was a native of
Rodisto. Prisoners to the number of 200
were shipped to Anatolia yesterday. The
Government is using the occasion of the
assassination to expel possible agitators.
An American lady from Marash states
that after she had succeeded in making ar
rangements for securing homes and pro
viding for the education of forty-five or
phans, whose parents had been massacred,
the Turkish authorities refused to allow
the children to leave, saying that they
would look after them. Stie adds that she
had the greatest difficulty in bringing her
own three children irom Marash, the offi
cials saying that they were Turkish sub
jects, as they were born in Turkey. Both
the lady and her husband are Americans.
RUSSIA AND JAPAN.
They Will Establish a Joint Protectorate
Over Korea.
LONDON, Esq., June 14.— 1t Is stated
that the negotiations between Russia and
Japan are on the verge of conclusion, and
the agreement arrived at is tantamount to
a joint protectorate over Korea, lield
Marshal Yamagata, who went to Russia
as the representative of tne Mikado, has
exchanged contracting notes with Russia
agreeing that Russia and Japan shall act
for the maintenance of order in Korea and
that each shall keep a small force of 500
troups in Seoul, the capital. This force is
not to be increased except by mutual con
sent, unless in the case of the landing of
men from men-of-war of the contracting
powers in case of necessity.
FLED WITH THE ASSETS
Creditors of a Chicago Dealer in
Farming Implements
Defrauded.
He Sells the Notes Held by His Com
pany and Departs for
New Fields.
CHICAGO, 111., June 14.— The credit
ors of W. M. McMillan, who has for two
years past been at the head of the Su
perior Pump and Windmill Company in
this city, are very anxious to learn his
whereabouts. It is asserted that he has
left the city, after disposing of every
available asset of the company and taking
all the cash which he had on deposit in
two banks.
So far as can be learned McMillan was
the "company" himself, as no one else
can be found who had anything to do'
with it. All the claims against the com
pany have not yet been registered, but it
is estimated that the liabilities will reach
$45,000, with not a dollar of assets in
sight.
McMillan has in the last two years made
many sales to implement-dealers through
out the West, taking with the contracts
promissory notes from the purchase
money. A large proportion of these notes
he has discounted with a well-known capi
talist of this city. During the last five
weeks it is asserted McMillan has offered
a liberal discount on discounts and paper
nearly matured in order to obtain ready
cash. In this manner, and with collec
tions made by him recently, it is estimated
that he gathered together $15,000, which he
took with him.
The creditors in this city found nothing;
at the factory but a mass of empty crates.
Up to the time of McMillan's disappear
ance it bad been believed that the stock at
the factory, including a side line of bi
cycles, which has also vanished, was worth
at least $25,000.
PETALUMA RACES.
Ten Jhouiana Dollars in Purses for
the August Meet.
PETALUMA, Cal., June 14.— The di
rectors of the Sonoma and Marin Agricul
tural Association have decided to hold
running races at tlie racemeet to be held
in this city from August 3 to August 8,
and has offered $10,000 in purses. The
rules of the California Jockey Club will
govern, and a starting-gate will be em
ployed for the first time here. There will
be two handicaps, one to ba run on the
Wednesday ana the second on the Satur
day of fair week. All entries close on July
11. The following purses are offered:
For trottim? events— 2:4o class, $500; 2:30
class. .*500; 2 :24 class, $600; 2:18 class, if soo;
2:15 class, $(300; free for all, $SOO.
For pacing events— 2:3o class, $500; 2:20
class, $500; 2:17 class, $500; 2:14 class, $000;
free-for-all trot, $800.
Colt races — Two-year-old trot, $400; three
year-old trot, $400; two-year-old pace, $400;
three-yqar-old pace. $400.
Running: races— For horses of all ages, six
furlongs, $300; for two-year-olds, four and a
half furlones, $300; handicap, one mile, to be
run on Wednesday, August 5, $350; for horses
of all ages, five furlongs, $300; all ages, six
furlongs, $300; handicap, to be run Saturday,
August 8, $350.
Tragedy at Deadwood.
REDDING. Cal., June 13.— The little
mining town of Deadwood, just over the
line in Trinity County, was the scene of a
tragedy yesterday. J. J. Peterson, tele
graph operator and manager of Baker <fe
Paulsen's merchandise store, committed
suicide duriug Friday night. Not appear
ing at the store early yesterday morning,
as was his usual custom, friends broke in
to his room and found Peterson lying on
his bed in an unconscious condition. A
few- minutes later he was dead. He had
taken poison. Despondency was the cause
of the act. He was a young man well
Known and highly respected in Trinity
County.
Arreau Wins the Grand Prix.
PARIS, France, June 14.— The great
event in the French turf world, the race
for the Grand Prix de Paris, took place to
day and wan won by a half length by M.
Edmond Blanc's bay colt Arreau, M.
Abeille's bay colt Champaubert being sec
ond, half a length in front of M. H. de la
Marre's bay colt Monteul. The weather
was brilliant and a larce crowd was pres
ent on the course at Long Champs, includ
ing all the fashionoble world.
Santa Cm* Win:
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 14.— Santa
Cruz beat Santa Clara by a score of 6 to 2
at baseball to-day.
ADMIRAL KIRKLAND'S LOSS.
Notified of the Death of His Son-in-law
Captain Quackenbush,
VALLEJO, Cal., June 14. — Admiral
Kirkland, commandant of the navy-yard,
received the sad intelligence yesterday of
the sudden death of his son-in-law, Cap
tain Stephen W. Quackenbush, United
States Marine Corps, while undergoing a
surgical operation at the New York Navy
yard.
The death of Captain Quackenbush is
greatly to be regretted. He had spent
many years in the naval service and was
highly esteemed by the officers and men
with whom he was associated.
FRESH OUTRAGES
ON THE COLUMBIA
Sheriff Hare Dispatches
Re-enforcements From
Astoria.
STRIKERS GROW BOLD.
Fishermen Send an Urgent Call
for Protection Against Mob
Violence.
DESPOILED OF THEIR CATCH.
Raiding Bands Continue to Board
Boats and Throw Salmon
Into the River.
ASTORIA, Or., June 14.— Reports of
fresh outrages by striking fishermen near
Chfton were received by mail to-day, and
show that grave cause for alarm exists.
Sheriff J. W. Hare of Clatsop County was
urged to dispatch more patrol-boats and
an additional force of deputies to the
scene of the riots.
These advices state that several fisher
men started out in their boats this morn
ing. Among them was Vincezo Marde
sich, who laid out at daylight, drifting by
Woody Island. Early in the forenoon
several boats came sailing toward him,
and before he realized what their occu
pants wanted he was ordered to drop sail.
The raiding party, which numbered a
score of men, took charge of his boat and
towed it into Woody Island Slough. Some
of them jumped into the boat and threw
Mardesich's fish overboard, forcing him to
assist in this outrage upon himself. He
says he had about 150 salmon, or about
two tons, taken from his nets. Later in
the day the nets were drawn ashore and
the fish entangied in their meshes thrown
away. The net was returned to Marde
sich, but the mob toos his revolver and
failed to give it back. They threatened
his life, and one leveled a revolver at him.
Another man threw up his hands and said,
"Don't shoot, 1 ' and his life was spared,
after a dispute between the intended mur
derer and the man who thwarted him.
The owner of another boat had caught
eighty fish, and as the current was strong
started home through some of the sloughs
in Woody Island. He was captured and
beaten ; his new Winchester ri He was taken
from him and all of his fish thrown over
board.
Upon receipt of this news Sheriff Hare
immediately had a number of deputies
sworn in and dispatched them to the scene
in a steam launch, which will be used as
an additional patrol boat until the expira
tion of the canning season. The deputies
are well known as expert marksmen and
are expected to lend material assistance
in putting a stop to the lawless acts on the
river.
Everything is quiet in this city, but the
authorities are prepared for emergencies.
All of the canneries are closely guarded
day and night.
It is rumored to-day that a break in the
rants of the fishermen is likely to occur,
many of the men being willing to accept
the cannerymen's offer of 4>j cents a
pound. They are excited over the reports
of big catches by gill-netters up the river,
where $150 per day is not unusual for the
earnings of a single boat.
FIESTA DE SAN RAFAEL
Ladies of St. Raphael's Church
Preparing for a Summer
Carnival.
Flower Show and Entertainment
Under the Auspices of the
Fair Sex.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., June 14.— The
people of San Rafael are discussing the
great event of the summer, the fiesta cr
floral festival opening in Hall Rafael on
June 22. There will be no street pageants
nor harmless battles with roses for bullets,
but the public is anticipating a glorious
time.
The ladies of St. Raphael's Church are
doing everything to make the affair a suc
cess. Deft and willing hands will trans
form Hall Rafael Into a bower of beauty;
refined taste will see that the eye be de
lighted, the ear charmed and the heart
gladdened. A queen and her ladies in
waiting will receive the loyal subiects.
Royalty will sing and play and serve the
people with its own hands, not for one
single night, but for a whole week. ThS
following will have charge:
Refreshments — Mrs. M. Dufßcy, the
Mis?es Emma. Josephine and Veronica
Duflicy, Mrs. James Manney, Mrs. James
Bradley, Mrs. Tim Mullin, Mrs. W. Whit
more, Mrs. John Bustin, Misa Ellen Mur
ry, Miss Maggie Con way, Mrs. Jt'ritz Goerl,
Mrs. H. Dalessi.
Gipsy tent — Miss Fannie Turner, Misa
Nellie Bain.
Juvenile booth, great big fish pond,
candy, peanuts — Miss Julia Herzog, Mrs.
Captain Elliott, Mrs. C. Coulter, Miss
Treanton, Miss M. Kelly, Miss Valencia.
Soda fountain — Mrs. W. Miller, Mrs. Gus
Pacheco.Mrs. Philip La}-, Miss May Clarke.
Ice-cream— Miss Lottie Lucas, Miss Ka
tie Lucas, Mrs. D. Candyan, assisted by a
number of lady friends. They will also
dispense strawberries, pound, plum and
plain cakes. There will be German teas,
Russian teas, Irish teas.
The art gallery will be presided over by
Mrs. Martha Featherstone, Miss G. Scan
lan, Mrs. William Toner, Mrs. L.
Donahue.
.Bouquets, roses and choice Havanas will
have the special attention of Mrs. John
Cochrane, Mrs. Ed Conway, Mrs. J. W.
Cochrane.
Fancy table— Mrs. Frank Marron, Mrs.
Dr. Wickman, Mrs. George Herman, Mrs.
James Hunter, Miss May Schneider, Mrs.
E. B. Mahon, Miss Olevia Sartori, Miss
Patterson.
Fancy booth I— Mrs. T. J. Crowley,
Mrs. James Tunstead, Mrs. B. McCourt,
Mrs. George McMullen, Mrs. Joseph
Lakin, Mrs. Donnelly, Mrs. William
Jewell.
Fancy booth 2— Miss Mary Eden, Miss
Carrie Scott, Mrs. Maria 'Murray, Miss
Annie Day, Miss May Peters, Misa Belle
Holleran, Miss Maggie Whitmore.
Linen and notion bootfi— Miss Josephine
Scanlan, Mr. J. O'Connor.
total Fall at Porter vllle.
PORTERVILLE, Cal., June 14.-Marion
White, a youth 14 years of age, climbed
up into an oak tree this morning to shoot
birds with a slineshot. When about
twenty feet above the ground the boy lost
bis balance and fell, striking flat on bis
stomach. He was injured internally and
died a few hours later.
SAN JOSE NORMAL ALUMNI.
Graduates of the State School to Pass
Upon Educational Needs of
California.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 14.— The thirty
third annual session of the Alumni Asso
ciation of the San Jose State Normal
School will convene in this city on June
24 and continue in session three days. The
officers of the association are: President,
Franklin K. Barthel; first vice-president,
L. Bruch ; second vice-president, Josepft
L.Beall; third vice-president, Dora Carver;
secretary, Allie M. Felker; assistant secre
tary, Grant P. Hatch; treasurer, W. J.
Cagney; executive committee— James Car
son, Minnie Mackay and Frank Macbeth ;
enrollment committee — A. Suzzallo, Celia
Titus and Ruth Fowler.
The Alumni Association^ one of the
oldest and most powerful educational
bodies west of the Mississippi River, and
it is expected that its action at the meet
ing about to be held in this city will play
an important part in shaping educational
legislation during the coming year. Im
portant resolutions affecting every profes
sionally trained teacher in the State will
be introduced and steps taken to provide
funds for an active and aggressive cam
paign at the coming session of the State
Legislature.
Two thousand five hundred and eigh
teen teachers have graduated from the
State Normal School in this city since its
establishment and their united efforts will
be powerfully felt for the good of the
schools of this coast. Teachers will be in
attendance from all parts 91 the State and
the meet promises to be one of the bright
est and most instructive of a long and suc
cessful series.
Foresters Will Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 14.— The Ancient
Order of Foresters and the Companions
of the Forest of this county will celebrate
the Battle of Bunker Hill next Wednes
day with a picnic at Agricultural Park. A
large delegation of Foresters from San
Francisco, Oakland and Alameda will be
f resent. The festivities will include all
inds of races, athletic sports and dancing.
Held for Burglary.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 14.— Apolonio
Sanchez, the Mexican who looted a num
ber of residences in this city during car
nival week, has been held to answer be
fore tne Superior Court for entering the
residence of Mrs. J. Bartruff on South
Seventh street. In default of $2000 bail
Sanchez was remanded to the custody of
the Sheriff.
MERCED NOT DISMAYED
Blocks Destroyed by Fire Are to
Be Rebuilt Without
Delay.
The Loss Aggregates $100,000, With
Insurance of Half That
Amount.
MERCED, Cal., June 14.— Hundreds of
people to-day visited the sceue of last
night's fire, and up to a late hour this
evening great crowds still lingered in the
vicinity. Olcese & Garibaldi to-day an
nounced that they would rebuild at once.
To add to the excitement last night, the
gas and electric lights went out and the
entire town was in total darkness from 10
o'clock until daylight. Several special
officers were sworn in, and the city was
patrolled all night. The only arrests made
were of several individuals who had im
bibed too much liquor, and wanted to fight
every one who came in their way.
A stream of water has been playing on
the ruins all day, but the danger of a
further spread is past. Following is a cor
rect list of losses and insurance:
Olcese & Garibaldi, loss on building
$25,000, insurance $12,000; J. Simon, dry
goods and clothing, $30,000, insurance $14,
-000; Galliano estate building, $14,000. in
surance $6900; D. 3i Pendola, barber-shop
and batbrooms, $1600, insurance $750; T.
R. Stone, variety-store, $4000, insurance
$1300; F. M. Ordway. stationery, $3000, in
surance $800; Dr. King, dentist, $1500. in
surance $520; R.Harris, merchant tailor,
$1100, insurance $500;- D». Castle, books
and instruments, $3000, insurance $1200;
Mrs. Ward, lodgiug-house, $1200, no in
surance; roomers in Ward lodging-house,
$1500, insurance $300.
The two-story brick building on Canal
street, opposite the Olcese & Garibaldi
building, owned by the 8. I. Simon estate
and E. Simon of San Francisco, was dam
aged to the extent of $2000, jcovered by in
surance.
STOCKTON SPIRITUALISTS.
Ufe Infused Into the Local Society by the
Coming of Noted Leaders
in the Cult
STOCKTON, Cal., June 14.— The spirit
ualists ar« holding a revival here; that is,
the local society has been given fresh life
by the coming of Mesdames Kate Hoskins
of Minnesota, May Drynan oi Chicago,
Ella Merchant Stewart of Columbus, Ohio,
Clara Mayo Steers of Boston and Fannie
Place and Julia Schlessinger of San Fran
cisco. These women arrived by boat this
morning. They were preceded on Friday
by Mrs. Elizabeth Sloper, the State organ
izer of the Spiritualist Society of Califor
nia, who arranged for the big meeting held
to-night in Jory's Hall on Weber avenue.
For some time past the local society,
which was at one time a vary strong
organization, has been practically dead,
but the members went away from the
meeting to-night with the determination
to place it upon a firmer footing than it
had ever been before. The StocKton so
ciety will elect a new set of officers on
July 1, and will then go ahead with its
worK.
The hall was well filled in spite of the
sultry weather. The meeting was ad
dressed by all of the visiting women. Mrs.
Schlessinger called attention to the fact
that it was necessary to have some regular
organization in every center for the pro
tection of the public from frauds and im
posters who masqueraded as genuine
mediums and with clever tricks deceived
the unsuspecting.
Mesdames Clara Mayo Steers and Fannie
Place gave a number of satisfactory spirit
messages to those in the audience who de
sired communication with the goblin
world.
Another meeting of the local society
will be held next Sunday night, when
Mesdames Hoskins and Steers will again
address the audience. Ail of the leaders
will go to Santa Cruz to-morrow to hold
meetings similar to the one of to-nieht.
Mrs. Sloper will precede them to reorgan
ize thesociety there. T*ere are at present
over 100 Spiritualist societies in California
and all are incorporated under the laws of
the State.
Santa Barbara Suit Dismissed.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jane 14.-
The charges of embezzlement preferred by
the Southern Pacific Milling Company
against its late local manager, R. M. Wat
son, have been dismissed at the instance
of the prosecution, the only reason alleged
being that the defendant is not in a condi
tion, physically or mentally, to stand the
strain of a trial. Mr. Watson is said to be
subiect to a form of cerebral apoplexy.
NAVAL GUESTS
OF SANTA CRUZ
The Carnival City Awaits
The Coming of Two
Warships.
WILL OPEN THE FETE.
Their Arrival the Signal for the
Beginning of a Week's
Festivities.
SEAMEN TO MARCH ON LAND.
Eight Hundred Tars Will Join the
Jolly Army of the Naiad
Queen.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 14.— Santa
Cruz and her carnival guests are on the
tiptoe of expectancy, awaiting the arrival
of the two warships of the Pacific Coast
squadron, the Philadelphia and Monad
nock. They will enter the harbor at noon
to-morrow and will be viewed from the
beach and wharf by thousands of citizens
and visitors, who are looking to their com
ing as the preliminary opening of the
Water Carnival. The fact that the seamen
of the two vessels will appear in the parade
on Wednesday is an important one to the
sightseers, hundreds of whom are expected
from inland towns especially for this
event. Two hundred marines will march
in the parade and their appearance will
add much to the fame of the Santa Cruz
carnival.
The vessels, too, will be an attraction to
the visitors, as well as to the people of
Santa Cruz. There is no prettier spot in
the waters of the Pacific for the harboring
of vessels than the bay of Monterey at
this point, and the vantage ground of the
sightseers includes a great stretch of beach
and cliffs from the mouth of the San
Lorenzo to Lighthouse Point. The ships
will anchor off Railroad wharf and hold a
commanding position in the harbor.
Mayor Clark, chairman of the carnival
reception committee, with a select com
mittee composed of Lieutenant-Governor
Jeter, Lieutenant A. A. Morey of the
naval reserve, Director-General Bowman
and James McNeil, president of the elec
tric works that furnished the electrical
display for the carnival, will go aboard
the Philadelphia to informally wait upon
Admiral Beardslee and learn his wishes as
to the details of arrangements for the
formal reception to the commanding
officers of the vessels and the marines.
They will also acquaint him as to the ar
rangements for the formal reception and
banquet to be tendered to the officers, but
which will not occur nntll the close of the
carnival. There will be a preliminary re
ception on Tuesday evening ashore to be
participated in by representatives of the
carnival association of this city and the
naval reserves.
The naval reserve, carnival committee
and citizens will receive the marines at
the wharf at 1 :30 o'clock Wednesday after
noon and participate with them in the
parade.
The vessels will remain in the bay until
after the celebration of the raising of the
flag at Monterey on July 7 for the purpose
of giving the Santa Cruz naval reserve in
structions aboard ship.
EUREKA EXPLOSION.
Michael Kirrane's Body Pierced by an Iron
Bar Sped by a Premature
Blast.
EUREKA, Cal., June 14.— An accident
early this morning at Jacoby Creek, where
Government laborers are engaged in eet
ing out rock for a breakwater on Hum
boldt Bay, resulted in the almost instant
death af Michael Kirrane and the serious
injury of Patrick Barry.
They were working together putting in
blasts, and had already shot considerable
powder through an iron tube into the in
terior of the rock, when a load stuck in
the pipe. Kirrane procured a steel bar
and began tamping the charge. The
powder was ignited, probably by a spark
caused by striking the side of the tube
with the steel bar. The bar. with ring at
tached, was driven through Kirrane's body
above the heart. He lived long enough to
direct tnat his body be sent to an uncle
Michael Kinny of 3 Morrel place, San
Francisco — and requested all his debts be
paid out of his savings.
Barry was knocked down by the force of
the explosion, and his hands and face were
terribly mutilated by the bursting of the
tube.
Woodland Metnorial Services
WOODLAND, Cal., June 14.— Memorial
services were held to-day by the Odd Fel
lows and Rebekahs in the M. E. Church
South. Rev. J. R. Compton, pastor of the
church, delivered an eloquent address and
jjaid a glowing tribute to these orders and
the good work they have accomplished.
iSjtopil
mtk
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.EUREKA`S REDWOOD
LUMBER TRADE.
Principal Industry of the
Northern California
Seaport.
ENORMOUS SHIPMENTS.
Large Exports to Europe, Aus
tralia, Hawaii and Central
America.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CAR RATES
Affect What Would Otherwise Be an
Immense Business in the Eastern
States.
EUKUKA, Cal., June 14.— There are
probably no commodities shipped from
California which are so peculiarly Califor
niau as redwood lumber and the products
of redwood. Nowhere else in the United
States, or in tne world, is redwood timber
to be had; therefore in these lines nature
has endowed California with a monopoly
secure from disturbance from other locali
ties for ail time.
The redwood manufacturers of Califor
nia have for many years- been satisfied to
allow their material to make its own way in
the markets of the world. Knowing its ad-
vantages over oiher materials in the mat
ter of non-intiammability. also in the mat
ter of lightness and softness, the latter
quality renderiue it desirable for general
interior and eiterior finish, and knowing
its superiority over all other woods for its
lasting qualities when put in the ground,
they thought it would gradually make
itself necessary in the markets of the
world, and up to this time have done lit
tle or nothing to make its many qualities
generally known.
In this respect, however, the manufac
turers have now determined to purs-ue a
different policy. They have been encour
aged by a good demand for redwood lum
ber from Europe, Australia, the Sandwich
Islands and Central America, as well as
by the growing demand for carload lots
for shipment East, and have concluded to
put men In the different markets who
know the superior qualities of redwood
lumber and shingles and who will educate
our brethren in relation to the same and
thus increase the volume of the redwood
lumber and shingle industry much faster
than has been done by methods employed
in the past.
The Southern Pacific Company has lately
made Eureka a terminal point for the
(shipment of lumber and shingles East.
They have imposed a condition, how
ever, which renders their proposition
of little value to snippers. They re
quire that the material to take the new
rate shall have continuous transportation
from Eureka to the East, and that it must
be delivered direct to cars of the Southern
Pacific Company by vessels transporting
the same from Eurexa. This cannot be
done except on rare occasions, for t: c rea
son that the climate of Humboldt County
is not well suited to the proper seasoning
of redwood lumber or shingles. It is too
damp, and the process of seasoning con
sumes too much time. Besides, the class
of lumber shipped East has to be worked
in a variety of ways, and this the manu
facturing mills of Humboldt are not fitted
up to do. Tne seasoning and workings of
redwood lumber can only be satisfacior.ly
done in San Francisco, and the railroad
company should allow shipments East to
be made from San Francisco yards, or upon
shipments so made should rebate the cost
of transportation from Humboldt lo San
Francisco. This done, there is great hope
of material increase in car shipments of
these materials East.
Shipments of redwood lumber to Europe
during the first five months of this year
amounted to 1.554,000 feet, as against no
shipments during the year 1895.
During the year 1895 shipments to the
Australian markets reached 235.000 feet,
and this year give promise of shipments
double that amount. There is a large
shipment soon to be made to Adelaide, a
market which up to this time has not
ruade many demands upon us.
The demand from the Sandwich Islands
and Central America shows a very healthy
increase, and on the whoie the manu
facturers of redwood lumber have good
reason for looking for a larpe increase in
the volume of their business from now on.
MALE'S PHIZES.
The Hurt hurt Scholarship Captured by
John JP. Morton of Los .-ingeles.
NEW HAVEN", Conn., June 14.— The
winners in the annual aw r ard of prizes at
Yale were announced yesterday. Among
them are the following:
Scott prize in French class of '97,
honorable mention of Louis Samter Levy,
St. Louis. Declamation prize, class of '98,
first prize, D. B. Eddy, Leavenworth,
Kans. Class of '98, first prize, Morrell W.
Games, Albuquerque, N. Mhx. Class of
'<n, first prize, John P. Norton, Los
Angeles, Cal. Hurluurt scholarship, class
of '08, John P. Norton, Los Angeles, Cal.
Thi:d Ireehman scholarship, cla^s of '99,
Edward B. Boise, Grand Kapids, Mich.
Berkeley premiums in Latin composi
tion, class of '99, first grade, E. B. Boise,
Grand Rapids. Mich; S. W. Sawyer, In
dependence. Mo. Second grade, E. Wat
trous, Roctford, 111.
ALTIVING FILED DEAD.
He. Wait <>n*> of the Barristers Who
ttetttrd Hpanish Land Claims.
ANN ARBOR, Micu., June 14.—Ex-Gov
ernor Alpheua Felch died yesterday.
He was born in Maine in 18CX5, was admit
ted to the bar at Bangor in IS3O and prac
ticed three yerfrs at Hooiton, Me. Then
be went West, and in Ann Arbor found
his place of permanent abod*. He was
elecietl Governor of Michigan in 1845, and
went to the United States Senate for a
fuJI six years' tern, n 1*47. Aherwanl he
served as president of the commission
which settled Spanish and Mexican land
claims in California. He wus for many
years on the Board of Regentsof Michigan
University.
ST RYCKEN BE HEAVY FAILURE.
1 s-Judyfr Sln'jnnrrt Suddenly I'amen
Awcy While Alonr.
ALBANY, N. V., June 14.— Ex-Judire
Isaac H. Maynard, senior member of the
law firm of Maynard, Gilbert & Cone,
and former Judge of the Court of Appeals,
died suddenly in his room at the Kenmore
Hotel yesterday of heart trouble. He was
alone in bis room and wa^ sitting in a
chair at the time of his death. He had
ju-t finished his luncheon and was ap
parently in the best of health, except that
be had been undergoing treatment lately
digestion. During ibe moruing he
bad been at his office as usual.
tlniuiland Scourned by an Epidemic.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 14.— An epi
demic of typhoid and inouutam lever iias
struck Rossland.B. C, the lively Trail
Creek mining camp. Over 100 cases have
been reported in the last ten days. De
fective sanitary regulations is the cause.
- »_
VJFJWS OF X.-lttE ISLAXIK
Jiitily Increase in the Force of Workmen
at the yaral Station.
VALLE.IO, Cal., June 14.— 1t was satis
factory to those men off tlie yard on fur
lough to learn of the passage of the general
deficiency bill, as it meant employment for
them and an increase of the force. Since
Thursday last over 100 have been given
employment, and it is given out that by
the middle of July fully 1000 men will be
on the rolls.
The construction department is the only
one that has increased its force. The gun
boat Bennington will be the first of the
ships at the yard to receive repairs ; the last |
will be the Hartford. The Baltimore will
follow after the Benniugton.
The boatsiiop has plenty work ahead,
and a larger force of boatbuilders will find
steady employment than has been the case
in years past. The officers teel as jubilant
over the prospects of plenty work aUeadas
do the men.
BEAT A CRAP GAJUE.
Masked Men Make a Winning and Get
Safely Away.
ASTORIA, Or , June 15.— Two masked
men entered the Our" saloon in this city
at 12 o'clock to-night and held up the
keepers of a crap game.
The men. upon entering the room in
which the crap-table stood, ordered the
game-keepers and two others to throw up
their hands, a command which was at
once obeyed by all except one of the own
ers of the bank roll, who rushed out call
ing for the police.
One of the robbers carried a canvas
sack in which he placed the money, while
his companion kept guard. The men got
safely away with their booty, which
amounted to about $200.
Woodland High School Graduate*.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 14.— The com
mencement exercises of Woodland High
School were held last evening. The gradu
ates this year are Miss Harriett Hoppin of
Yolo and Frank Porter of this city. An
interesting address was delivered by
Professor Kellogg of the State University.
At the close of tue entertainment a recep
tion was given at the Hotel Julian.
Capttiritl at Die Xeedle.a.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 14.— Actor
Sam B:ack was arrested at The Needles
on charges of bigamy and embez
zlement. He will be brought back for
trial. Black is alleged to have married a
woman iv Sau Luis Obispo and another
one here. He induced the latter to give
him $120 on the plea that they would go
East, and then he deserted her.
Acquitted at Jiaktrs field.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 14.— Lyons
Brown, who shot and killed Dr. H.
Lemke here on April 16, was acquitted of
tlie charge of murder. The jury returned
a verdict at 3 o'clock, after having deliber
ated since 10 o'clock last night.
Healthy Pctaluma.
PETALUM A, Cal., June 14.— The Board
of Health reports that no contagious dis
ease exists in Petaluma. No one is seri
ously ill and the mortuary record-book of
Undertaker T. S. Blackburn notes but one
death in this city during the nionthjof
May, and June to date.
SHASTA COUNTY MINING.
Smelting Plants to Be Erected
in the Igo and Mule
town Districts.
Renewed Activity in the Iron Moun
tain Country — Progress in
Trinity.
REDDING, Cal., June 14.— The erection
and successful operation of the big smelt
ing plant at Keswick has been but a fore
runner of the commencement of smelting
generally in Shasta County. The Clear
Creek Mining Company has made all
arrangements for the erection of its large
200-ton smelter on Clear Creek, four miles
from Reading, and by the middle of July
the whistles will be blowing and the rich
ore of the Igo and Muletown districts be
worked.
Igo district has some of the richest gold
bearing mines in the county, but the
trouble heretofore haa been the lack of
process by which the ores could be suc
cessfully worked. There will be renewed
activity* in the famous Iron Mountain
mining camps, beginning with this week.
The directors of the Mountain Mines Com
pany (limited) are now at their plant at
Keswick, and extensiv* improvement is
the order. A new 300-horse power plant
haa been ordered ana will arrive on Mon
day or luesday. Five large smelters will
be erected in the immediate vicinity of
tne present smelting plant at Keswick,
one of the new ones being iocated, it 13 re
ported, near Middle Creek, about three
miles from Redding. Tne company is
now at work on its eleven-mile flume and
ditch, which will convey water to the
plants for power purposes. The work of
putting in the new smelters will give em
plovt: ent to about 300 more men.
These improvements, together with a
projected electric railway from Redding to
the works, will boom the mining interests
of Shasta County as they never have been
boomed beiore.
The gravel mine of the Minersville Gold
Mining Company in Trinity County is be
ing opened up extensively. Over 100 more
men were pui to work last week and a still
larger force will be put on. The property
comprises 3500 acres of gold-bearing gravel
and the mines are being well equipped.
Pour thousand feet ot hydraulic pipe has
just been put in, with three large giants.
Over 300,000 feet of cut lumber is piled up
and ready for use and the large sawmill in
connection with the mine is being worked
to its fullest capacity.
LOS ANGELES TRAGEDY.
Rival Editors of Spanish Papers Have an
Altercation — One of Them
Stabbed.
LOS ANGELE3, Cal., June 14. —A.
Olivis, editor of the L' Union, a Spanish
paper, stabbed Beriously Francisco P.
(iueterrez. a rival editor, to-night. The
worst wound received by the latter is
about the heart and it is feared that he
will die.
Gueterrez edits the Gazette, another
Spanish paper, and bad blood has existed
Letween them for some reason. To-day
both were at Santa Monica and though
drinking quite freely haa no meeting.
Gueterrez thought Olivis intended at
tacking him, so he dealt the other several
blows, one on the head, with his cane,
and tnen etarted to walk away. Olivis
drew a knife and followed, trying to stab
the man who had caned him.
Gueterrez was standing at the plaza
church to-night when Olivis walked up
and laid hold of his shoulder, asking how
he was getting along.
Gueterrez fought for awhile, but Olivis
wounded him in the arm, and then stabbed
him over the heart and once in the left
side.
Gueterrez was carried into an adjoining
store, where he was allowed to remain.
He was too weak to be moved. Oiivis
escaped and locked himself in his oifice.
He would not admit the officers, but they
broke in the door and arrested him to
night after 12 o'clock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
MILLIONS LOST
BY COMPETITION
What the Rate War Has
Done to Insurance
Men.
MANY HAD TO SUCCUMB.
Premiums of Nearly Seven Mil
lions and a Half Lost in
Two Years.
THE PEOPLE ARE BENEFITED.
Ratio of Losses to Premiums Consider
ably in Excess of the Old
Average.
Almost simultaneously with the abam
donment of a last attempt to organize a
combine of all the fire insurance com
panies in San Francisco the year iv fire
insurance circles came to a close. It
proved to be a rather depressing retro
spect that was presented in a review of
the twelve months — that is for the insur
ance men. But what brought gloom into
their camp only brightened the view for
the general public, since what was loss for
one meant gain for the other side.
The underwriters, however, do not look
at the question in the same light as the
public do. They hold that the present
exceedingly low rates resulting from bitter
fighting and demoralization of the old
compact spirit are a temptation to care-
I lessness in making provision against fire.
I Even more than this, they say it has been
j proved by experience that such conditions
! as now prevail in San Francisco in fire mi
i stirance business not only tends to lack
! of proper precautions on the part of the
| insured, but results in an abnormally high
j loss ratio.
In other words the proposition is that
unusually low rates cause the losses on
fires to run up far above tne normal per
centage.
The following interesting statement has
just been published by the Coast Review
for the year:
During the past twelve months the fol
lowing Fire Companies have retired from
the Pacific Coast:
Sun, San Francisco, reinsured in the Fire
man's Fund; Agricultural, N. V., Teutonia, N.
0., reinsured in the Lancashire; Delaware, re
insured in the St. Paul; Ueruiania, IN. V., rein
sured in the Prussian National ; Girtjrd, Phila
delphia, risks run off; Ulens Falls, N. V., risks
run off; Merchants, New Jersey, risks run oft";
j Niagara, N. V., reinsured in the Hamburg
! Bremen; Pacific, N. Y.,reinsured in the Royal;
Traders. Chicago, risks run off; United Fire
men's, Baltimore, risks run off; United Stales,
risks run off; Patriotic, Ireland, risks run off.
Premiums from coast and mountain terri
tory passing through San Francisco channels
in 1895 were $1,8*55,000 less than in 1894,
and $2,800,000 lens than in 1893. The
principal loss in 1895 ($1,632,476) wa< on
business in California, where a bitter war
of rates continued during the year and in a
diminished degree is still In progress. The
lessons of this rate war, it is believed, have
beeu salutary and will be lasting. The
average premium rate in California was very
much reduced, leaving no margin of profit.
The average rate in coast territory outside of
California has been nearly the same as form
erly. The business in this field for 1895 was
divided among the three classes of companies
as follows:
An exceedingly large amount of term busi
ness was written during the year, and the
actual ratio of losses to premiums on tne cur
rent year's risks was therefore considerably in
excess of the foregoing average percentage.
San Francisco fire premiums in 1895 were
$1,643,920, a decline of $675,773. There has
been a loss of City premiums yearly since
1891, when the amount was the largest ever
collected in a single year. The yearly pre
mium receipts on San Francisco business dur
ing the past six years have been as follows:
1890 .$2,439,941
1891 2.4H1.903
189VS 2,448,648
1893 2,436,481
1894 2,319.693
1895 1,643,920
COAST FIBE BUSINESS BY STATES.
Following is a table of coast business by
States in 1895:
Socialist Labor Party.
Two sections of the Socialist Labor pnrty have
been started recently; one at Los Gatos and
another at Snnta Cruz. A meeting of the State
1 executive committee of the Socialistic party
I will be teld at the Turk-street Temple to-night,
June 15, at 8 o'clock, at which reports will be
received from the Oakland, San Jose, Los An
geles and San Diego sections. New headquart
Nat C. Goodwin, Who Will Appear This Week at the Baldwin in "The
uilded Fool."
ers and committee room.s for the use of the
central committee and officers of the State ex
ecutive have been opened at 28 Ellis street,
this City. Liberty Branch, Socialist Labor
party, will hold a muss-meetinsr at 115 Turk
street on Wedrcsrtny night at 8 o'clock. The
lecture of trie evening will be by Siegfried
Seller. Subject: "tjocialibui, a Solution lor the
Unemployed." _
GODDESS OF LIBERTY.
Miss Yates Appeals for a Living Image
at the Golden Gate
Two of the new women were figuratively
and literally in front in behalf of the wo
man's suffrage last evening in the hall of
the Socialistic Labor party in Pythian
Castle on Market street. They were Miss
Elizabeth Yates of the Woman's Suffrage
Association, and Jane A. Roulston, secre
tary of the Socialistic Labor party, who
presided. They sat on the platform, and
Miss Yates addressed a large audience on
the desirability of the adoption of amend
ment 11 to the constitution of California.
She spoke on the progress of civilization
with progress of the ages. It caught the
ear of the audience and fixed its attention
to what she had to say when she declared:
"A few have the oyster 3, and the masses
the shells."
Then she went on to say that man has
the lion's share of the world, and most of
the lamb's too. There should be no eva
sion of the question of the equality of the
sexes in society and before the law.
Women should have equal responsibility
with men both in the home and in the
State.
She did not approve the claim that
woman's sphere should be exclusively the
home. She said woman could have her
orbit of activity enlarged and still at
tend to the duties of home and mother
hood, because the natural tendency and
the greatest force of womanhood was
toward the home. "If you have a home
queen," she said, "you should have a
home king also."
Miss Yates appealed eloquently to the
audience for its support for the eleventh
amendment at the election next Novem
ber. She said:
"Give to the home queen the power to
protect her subjects and her children. Are
not children more precious than seals and
their young, which the Government is try
ing to" prot'-ct? We appeal to you men to
help us enfranchise the women of Califor
nia. It depends on you what shall be the
civilization that will open the twentieth
century.
"Your vote," she continued, "will affect
the legislation of the world on this impor
tant question. Wyoming and Utah «are
two States whicti have already given
woman the bailot.
"Wyoming has had it seven years, and
there has been a decrease in divorces in
that State during that time as compared
with the divorce records of other States
not having woman's suffrage. 'When you
men go to the ballot-box nexs November
vote for the eleventh amendment first, so
that you may not forget it, and then vote
for President of the United States.
"The impress of liberty to-day is made
i>y the pen and not by the sword," she
said in conclusion. "There are men here
to-night who will cast their first vote and
men who will cast their last vote next
November. Let it be for woman. The
Bartholdi statue of Liberty in New York
harbor is after all only a symbol. Let
us have here at the Golden Gate the living
image of the Goddess of Liberty."
GOODWIN'S LAST WEEK
He Will Begin "The Gilded
Fool" at the Baldwin
This Evening.
It Is a Comedy Play of a Brighter
Order Than That of "In
Mizzoura."
This evening Nat C. Goodwin and his
excellent company begin another week at
the Baldwin Theater. The play is Henry
Guy Carleton's comedy, "The Gilded
Fool," a piece especially adapted to Mr.
Goodwin's abilities in sentiment as well
as in comedy. It is the story of a country
store clerk who suddenly finds himself the
possessor of a deceased uncle's wealth.
The young fellow brought up in poverty
is then "The Gilded Fool."
He removes to New YorK and begins to
go the usual He is suddenly brought
up with a round turn by meeting and fall
ing in love with a blue-blooded young
woman named Margaret Ruthvan.
His love for the girl is a windfall for the
falling house of Ruthvan & Co., for its
junior partner, one Bannister Strange, an
adventurer under a false name, is wreck
ing the establishment. Strange, thinking
to make his own pickings the larger, in
duces "The Gilded Fool" to invest $284,000
in the concern and become a partner.
Then come 3 the love-making. Miss
Ruthvan spurns "The Fool's" advances,
and his investment promises poorly. But
he perseveres, and woos in such a manly
way that she is led to appreciate his noble
nature. He balks the villain's junior part
ner, and saves the house from ruin, after
which Margaret confesses her love for
him. Strange meets the reward for his
rascality, and all ends well.
The play of "The Gilded Fool" is well
adapted to bring out all of Nat Goodwin's
well-known attentiveness to derails. It is
full of variety, and he never forgets to play
all the change and color contained therein.
He is an artist, and his touches quicken
every part of the piece with life and mo
tion. His part is far more clever in this
than in "In Mizzoura." and notwithstand
ing the popularity of that piece last week
the public will doubtless be more pieased
with Goodwin's work in "The Gilded
Fool."
FULL NEWS OF
TWO CONVENTIONS.
ov6r One Hundred Thousand
Words to This City
Daily.
TEN WIRES TO CARRY IT.
Extensive Arrangements Made
for Handling the Volumi
nous Reports.
THE UNITED PEESS' PLANS.
Facilities at St. Louis for Full and
Correct Accounts of the Pro
ceedings.
When William McKinley's private sec
retary knocks at the bedchamber of his
chief on the morning or June 17 and an
nounces, "Morning papers, sir," the pop
ulace of the City of San Francisco will al
ready have been apprised of the doings of
the St. Louis Convention.
It will be no meager account of the main
incidents of the day that will have reached
the people of this City thus early in the
proceedings. It will be a graphic and ex
haustive account, gathered by expert
newspaper men, of everything of interest
in and appertaining to the great Republi
can concourse.
The citizens of this City will know not
only who haa been elected chairman,
what committees were appointed, of the
speeches that were made, of the party
leaders and the attitude displayed in con
vention by the delegates toward the Presi
dential candidates. They will know also
of the interesting bits of gossip rife about
the hotel corridors, of the plans thai the
managers of the aspirants for Lig'i places
are formulating, of the prominent char
acters seen about the city and what their
own representatives are doing to uphold
the glory of 'he Golden State.
And all this will take words. Words by
the many thousand until the heaa swims
in contemplation of them. And all these
words must be gathered from the scene of
wild confusion that invariably attends a
political convention. They must be gath
ered, too, in the least possible time, so that
no matter how late the Republican body
may prolong its deliberations, the result of
the day's labor may be handed to the
operators and transmitted ucross the
many miles of territory to the Western
shore.
These messages must reach the San
Francisco newspaper offices in time to
pass through the hands of the telegraph
editor and his corps of assistants, be put
in type and printed In the same issue of
the local papers in which the St. Louis
journal describes the events of the day.
There is no to-morrow in modern jour
nalism. .
Never before have such herculean efforts
been put forth by the telegraph compa
nies to supply the press with the amount
of matter they demand. Never before
has the local press put forth such effective
efforts to supply the people with a full
account of the events away from home.
To further complicate the task which
each has assumed, the State Democratic
Convention at Sacramento will be on at
the same time as the great affair at St.
Louis.
Yet for this reason the Sacramento event
is not to be dwarfed. On the contrary, ar
rangements have been made to give a most
extensive account of each gathering, and
the telegraph companies have for weeks
been actively engaged in preparing for this
great tax upon their facilities.
For the purposes of news distribution
the convention could not have been better
located. St. Louis and Chicago are con
sidered the great distributing centers of
the West. From St. Louis to Chicago the
facilities are practically unlimited. Over
150 wires connect these two cities, and if
necessary millions of words a day could be
transmitted. Thus far, then, it is all plain
sailing. From. Chicago to the far West
the matter assumes a more delicate com
plexion.
The Western Union, which owns the
wires over which the bulk of the matter
will be transmitted, has ten main wires
from St. Louis to San Francisco. Five of
these are along the Central Pacific, two
by the Northern Pacific, one by the At
lantic and Pacific, one by the Southern
Pacific and one by Chicago. On these
wires the duplex system — that is the sys
tem by which messages can be sent in op
posite directions at the same time — will
be used, and all ten will be required to
convey the immense volume of news de
manded.
Throughout the great entire length of
each of these slender threads of metal
they must be kept intact or they are use
less.
A blizzard in Canada, a cyclone in Mis
souri, a forest fire in the South or any of
the kindred calamities which constantly
threaten telegraphic communication might
at any time render one or more of the lines
inoperative.
Ordinarily such an accident would mean
only a temporary inconvenience. l)uring
the days of the great convention the loss
of a wire might mean a serious embarrass
ment, and the company has taken precau
tions that such a loss may be speedily re
pairea. To this end they have distributed
extra linemen along each of the routes, at
distances of not more than fifteen miles
apart.
At division stations, that is wnere there
are engines that might be sent to the res
cue, there are double forces. These will
be in constant readiness to hasten to the
scene of the accident and at once repair
the break. Between 400 and 500 of these
skilled mechanics will be on watch during
the entire session.
Should there be such a general devasta
tion of wires that all but one of the ten
iines are destroyed, arrangements have
been made that the greatest part of the
matter might be handled, at great trouble
and expense, it is true, but still the news
would be delivered, which is the ni<iin
consideration.
In the event of such an improbable
calamity the Wheatstone multiplex sys
tem would be called into requisition.
This is a most ingenious device by which
150 words a minute maybe delivered on
one wire. This system is not used except
in emergencies, as the characters are not
taken by sound, but are printed upon
slips, requiring a large force of copyist* to
transcribe them. In spite of the unlikeli
hood of ■ their services beinc required the
copyists will beheld in readiness.
At St. Louis the work to be acconi
plished is something collosai. Five min
utes after the Presidential nomination has
been proclaimed the Western Union
promises to have the news in each of its
22,000 orh'ces, and the comparatively less
important matter it is in a position to for
ward with equal dispatch.
In order to do this it will have, exclusive
of the force employed by the United Press
and other associations, forty operators in
the convention haii and over 400 extra
men in St. Louis. These will be ready to
handle on the instant the matter as it is
handed them by the Pacific Coast special
correspondents. This will at once be
placed on the wire, and most of it will co
direct to the newspaper offices of San
Francisco.
The Call has already received a large
amount of matter direct in this manner,
though the usual course o! news transmis
sion is to forward it to Chicago for distri
bution.
To send such a lone distance without re
peating is a practical impossibility, but
this involves no delay. Along each of the
routes there are from four to five repeat
ing stations, at which tiiere are automatic
repeaters. At each of these expert opera
tors will be placed to watch and adjust the
instruments. Should any serious disorder
occur they will be ready" to send the news
aiong by manual repetition at but trivial
delay. For this purpose special operators
have been employed.
When the matter reaches San Fran
cisco, and it will be but an indescribable
space of time after it is put on the wire,
anoiher small army of men wili be re
quired to handle it.
The first of the matter will reach here
shortly after 6 o'clock and from that time
until 1 a. m. a force of over sixty operators
will be kepi working up to their limit in
receiving it. Nearly forty extra men have
been enrolled for the occasion exclusive of
the forces employed by the press associa
tions.
The Western Union expecis to handle
about 60,000 words a night of specials from
St. Louis alone.
From Sacramento they expect to bring
down altogether about 40,000 words. Be
sides tnis they will receive a considerable
amount of extraneous special news matter
from the East, so that in the neighbor
hood of 100,000 words will be handled by
this company each night.
Arrangeaients have been made whereby
The Call's specials will be received di
rectly in the office, where they can be
acted upon by the telegraph editor with
out delay. There will l also be a wire run
into the business office, from which bul
letins will be displayed.
Besides the voluminous special dis
patches which The Call will receive the
United Press has made arrangements to
furnish a remarkably full and correct re
port of the proceedings. In order to ac
complish that result the United Press will
have in the convention hall three editors,
three proceeding stenographers, seven
repertorial stenographers and sixteen
telegraph operators. Over 100,000 words
will be sent from St. Louis ou eight leased
wires.
The headquarters of the United Press
in the Southern Hotel, St. Louis, are
fitted up more with an eye to business
than to show. It consists of four rooms
en suite, all facing east. Here are tele
graphic instruments lor the operators, ta
bles for editors and reporters, typewriting
machines and all the necessary outfits for
the convenient and rapid performance of
the work devolving upon that organiza
tion. Its leased wires are connected from
these rooms with its own telegraphic cir
cuits, which extend over the whoie coun
try, and, besides, it has established its
own telegraphic instruments at the con
vention hall. The arrangements for news
gathering, reporting and compiling are
under the personal supervision of Walter
P. Phillips of New York, secretary and
treasurer of the United Press, and of P. V.
de Graw of Washington, its general South
ern manager. The actual work of neTS
gathering, reporting and editing is done
by its own regular employes from New
York, Washington, Chicago and St. Louis.
The Call will receive from the United
Press between 12,000 and 15,000 words.
This, in addition to the reports sent out
by its own representatives, will make a
most comprehensive report of the pro
ceedings.
Tne Postal Union will also handle a
large amount of special matter. They
have not deemed it necessary to make any
special araangementt,, but anticipate a
busy time for their regular working force.
The successful completion of such a
gigantic undertaking as is here outlined
will practically demonstrate the fact that
where science, industry and enterprise
unite all tilings are possible and such
formidable barriers as time and space sink
into nothingness.
OSMOND DAY'S LATEST
A Girl Deceived by the Notori
ous "Masher" Attempted
Suicide.
She Is the Daughter of the Assistant
Postmaster of Santa
Rosa.
One of Osman Day's many victims at
tempted to commit suicide at the iodging
house 21 Turk street last night by swallow
ing a dose of chloroform. She was discov
ered by the landlord of ihe house, who
summoned the ambulance and had her
taken to the Receiving Hospital. Dr.
Bunnell at once apnlied the usual reme
dies and soon pronounced her out of dan
ger. '
The poor girl had written a note to her
betrayer, in which she spoke of him being
the handsomest man on the street, and as
he had betrayed and abandoned her she
had determined to end her life.
The girl's real name is Beppie Griggs,
but here she went nnder the name of Clara
Carlton. Six or seven months ago. while
she was on a visit to the City, she met
Osman Day on the ferry T boat from
Tiburon. He introduced himself and so
aroused her girlish enthusiasm by his at
tentions and tales of his wealth that she i
became an easy victim to )>is blandish
ments. She was only 18 years of age.
After accomplishing her ruin, Day ad
vised her to so to the home of her parents
in Santa Rosa for a few days and then to
return to the City. She was so infatuated
with him that she did as she was told.
Her parents notified the police, and Cap
tain Lees had Day and the girl arre3ted.
They were detained in the detectives'
room at police headquarters for several
hours, and as the girl said she was over 18
years of ag*> and she had left her home of
her own volition, they were both set at
liberty.
Day in a few months got tired of her and
suicide seemed to be her only alternative.
The poor girl last bight constantly called
for her mother, begging her to come and
console her in her affliction.
She is the daughter of William Griggs,
assistant postmaster at Santa Rosa. He
followed the girl borne and introduced
himself to her parents as an English lord
with castles and estates without number.
TO JtEIE AMI.iiIVAXS.
Elaborate Preparation* for Ihtir Enter'
tiiinment at Huda-Peath.
LONDON, Exo., June 14.— Special fes
tivities for Americans have been arranged
in connection with the Hungarian mil
lennium celebration at Buda-Pesth. The
Millennium Society of Cleveland, Ohio, will
leave New York on June 18 on the steamer
Havel. They will be joined by a number
of Hungarian-Americans from Pittsburg
and Chicago. A few days later a body of
Hungarians from New York will sail on
the Augusta Victoria. All these will meet
on June 29 in Vienna.
The following arrangements have been
made for tne entertainment of Americans :
On June 30 a reception will be given to the
visitors upon their arrival in the city.
On July 1 there will be a rendezvous at
Elizabeth Park and a visit to the exposi
tion. The next day the visitors will at
tend a fete in Old Buds. On July 3 they
| will go to MargOerite Island, and in the
evening will attend a special fete.
The Americans will visit the graves of
Kossuth, Deak, Sec'ienyi, Batthyani and
other martyrs of 1848. They will also
visit the monument of Petofi and will
place there wreaths. In the evening a
banquet will be given to t.e Americans at
the Festival Hall of the exposition by the
nianagera of tlie Press Club. Prime Min
ister Banffy with the other members of
j the Cabinet will attend the banquet.
There will also be a grand display of fire
works. Almost everybody in Buda-Pesth
is securing American Hags and colors for
use on July 4.
THREE POOLROOMS
FOR SAUSALITO.
The Little Town Is Face
to Face With a
Problem.
JAMES BOWLAtf TALKS.
He Has Been Canvassing the
Property Owners in His
Own Behalf.
TO-NIGHT DECIDES THE MATTER
A Petition Going the Rounds Heavily
Laden With Names in Favor of
the Rooms.
The poolroom situation in Sausalito re
mains in the same uncertain condition as
on Friday last. To-night the City Trus
tees meet and their action on the proposi
tion will determine whether the fate of
the commission brokers is for better or for
worse.
James Bowlaa, a veteran poolroom man
of this City.has been canvassing that aris
tocratic little villa with a view to opening
a competition shop there. ''Either there
or Montana," as he says.
"I interviewed every raan who keeps a
I place on the water front," said he yester
. day, "and several gentlemen who are own
: ers of property and others who are carry
ing on business in San Francisco and are
I residents of Sausalito each and all agreed
that no harm could come from the acqui
sition of poolrooms; but, on the other
i hand, they answer that on the contrary a
| benefit will accrue to the town.
"lam convinced that the poolrooms
j will be carried on in a widely different
: manner from the system in vogue in !?an
Francisco. I know further that the pro
prietors of the rooms will use strenuous
| efforts to assist the authorities in keeping
| the law and preventing any minors from
entering their resorts. They have also
I expressed a willingness to assist the tax
; payers in sprinkling the atreets and light-
I ing the town.
"That same class of men who have been
Labiiues of the Ingleside and Bay District
tracks is the same that will patronize Sau
salito poolrooms. The 25-cent packers are
buried so far as Sausalito is concerned.
j No bets are taken there less than $1.
"The opening of the poolrooms there I
; know is purely a business venture. It is
; miles distant from the scenes of the races,
' so there can be no possible collusion with
! the horsemen, trainers or jockeys. As a
; proof of this Jackmau lost $1000 the first
day that he opened.
"From my personal investigation I am
led to believe that there are on ly about five
! people in Sausalito who are against the
; poolrooms. They live up on tne hills.
j Those in favor of them are legion.
"There is a petition being circulated by
■ the property-owners and merchanis ol
■ Sau«aiito favoring the rooms, which will
I be preseuted to the Board of City Trustees.
A large number of names have already
been appended to it and it is the belief ol
those wuo have gotten up the petition that
far above the majority of the property
owners will sign.
"Probably no arrests will be made Mon
day, Out the authorities will await the
action of the Council Monday night."
Redwood City Accident.
REDWOOD CITY. Cal., June 14.— A
fatal accident occurred here yesterday
afternoon, where the railroad crosses
Jefferson street, near the Congregational
church. The train which leaves San Fran
cisco at 11:30 o'clock in the morning,
arriving here at 12:45 o'clock, ran into a
wagon on which Louis Peterson was ris
ing, causing injuries to Peterson, which
resulted in his death a few hours later.
It is estimated that there are 210,000
acres of orchard in Great Britain.
&mJ faMiniiin INGS, QUEENS AND
mighty potentates u?e sarsaparilla. If
they use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla they
are not covered with boils, pimples and
facial blemishes. Joy's does the work
quietly and harmlessly. Use
TEBTI3IONIAI..
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: I have taken your Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla and can say I have never seen any-
thing eoual to it. I have suffered ten
years with dyspepsia, not being able to eat
anything but milk and brown bread. Life
was nothing but misery for me.
Now I have a good appetite, eat any-
thing I wish and feel no disagreeable
effects from it. I wish I could tell all dys
peptics and urge them to try your Vege-
table Sarsaparilla.
Signed MR. JOHN TIMOTHY,
Forbestown, Cal.
HIGHEST GRADE 111 GUARANTEED. "
$85— $5 DOWN— S2 X
For the Beautffl '96 Models.
Excellent Second-Hand Wheels
at from $15 to $35.
BNUI BICYCLE COMPANY,
18 and 20 McAllister Street, 6. F.
OPEN EVENINGS.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. S.OO
Daily and Sunday Cai.'j^ three months by mail 1.50
Daily End Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-50
Velkly Call, one year, by mail •>• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
to, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTKA CHAKGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-18t$fe
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main-1874 1
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:80 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. §?
2618 Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
113 Math street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 aDd 32, 84 Tark Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY .-.JUNE 16, 1896
~ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Have The Call sent to your summer ad
dress if you wish to know what is going on
at all the resorts.
There is no spontaneous uprising in the
Democratic camp for a man, a measure or
for anything else.
It will be well enough to read about St.
Louis and Sacramento this week, but you
ought to see Santa Cruz.
To Cleveland the saddest thing in life is
the letter he might have written declining
the third term, and didn't.
One of th 9 most pressing needs of St.
Louis at present is a series of cheap excur
sion trains to Canton, Ohio.
The delegates from Alaska ought to be
able to cut big ice at St. Louis. It is a
common thing with them at home.
The thins; that gives Cleveland the tired
feeling is that when he touches the button
his party will no longer do the rest.
There will be no way to keep the issue
of protection out of politics as long as the
American workingman has a right at the
polls.
The Democrats might as well fight to a
finish. It can matter little to them this
time whether they hang toj,ether or hang
separately.
The silly season has got far enough
along in the East to start a discussion
whether it were better to be bald-headed
or red-headed.
A movement has been started in Chicago
to obtain "clean juries,' ' and it would
seem that this entails another movement
for free baths.
It is reported that Tillman recently
donned a dress suit and dined with a New
York millionaire, and now what is this
country coming to?
There will be no faction fights among
California Republicans this year. This is
to be a marching campaign and all will
keep step to tue music.
If General Weyler is wise he will take
the present occasion to enjoy his summer
holiday, and turn the Cuban question over
to General Lee to settle.
Adlai Stevenson would doubtless be very
glad to make himself beard just now if he
only Knew of any issue on which it were
safer to talk than to be ,-ilent.
The terms of twenty-nine Senators will
expire next March, and after that we may
look for a Republican Senate that will do
business instead of obstructing it.
In New York William Waldorf Astor
looked down upon Boss Croker, but in
England, since the Prince of Wales has re
ceived both, they are on the dead level.
In the rising tide of silver monometal
lism at Chicago the gold Democrats are
hardly likely to b& given even a splinter
of a plank to hold on to during the flood.
One of the epochal events of this cam
paign may be the moving of the National
headquarters of political parties from New
York to Chicago. The country is moving
west.
To St. Louis the cyclone was a great dis
aster, and a short convention will disap
point her hopes, but what grinds her most
is the fact that her baseball team is in col
lapse.
The St Louis Convention will cast that
of Sacramento in the shade, but all the
same the delegates to the latter will be
just aa hot as if they were in the full blaze
of the sun.
Aa Speaker Reed, in declining to be a
candidate for the Vice-Presidency recently,
said he has no desire "to shine in an orna
mental capacity," it is probable he is satis
fied with his photographs.
As the Boston Herald says the gold-bug
Democrats of New England are relying on
"faith, hope and Harrity," it would seem
that poor Grover has ceased to be relied on
even in the mugwump center.
The New York Sun is generally a stal
wart Democratic paper, but the rise of the
silver wave in that party has given it such
alarm it is already crying out that this
year's bolting will not be barred.
According to the present outlook the
delegates from the West will go to Chicago
for Boies, those from the South for Steven
son, and as for those from the North and
the East they may go to the convention,
but they won't be in it
If there be any truth in the story that a
flower has been discovered in Bouth Amer
ica which is red in the morning, white at
noon and blue at night, we may expect to
have it cultivated' in this country before
Jong and boomed as the National flower.
The Corning Obeerver notes that the
wool market at Red Bluff has shown
prices ranging from 7% to 9 cents, whereas
up to 1893 it was from 17]4 to 19 cents.
The Observer says : "Give us back protec
tion, reciprocity and gold, silver and paper
money to carry on trade." So say the
people also, and so will they do on elec
tion day.
PROTEXTIVE TARIFF FIRST
Theeffoitofa few delegates to the St.
Louis Convention to subordinate the tariff
question to issues of far l»ss importance
has failed utterly of its purpose. No doubt
it was their honest conviction that the
Wilson-Gorman free-trade legislation mon
strocity could be got along with until
other props of the Government which the
Democracy has pulled down had been re
placed, but they did not reflect public
sentiment.
Tne great middle class are the wealth
taakers of this country, and whatever cir
cumscribes their opportunity to employ
their energies and skill injures every Kind
of business enterprise. Hence it is that
protection to them against competition
that is foreign to them in every phase of
existence is necessarily of greater im
portance than any other one legislative
act. Had not the tariff law of 1890 been
enacted we should not know now the
industries of the country have been
ciippled by the operation of the Wilson-
Gorman act. It is very true that
the country was uniformly prosperous un
der the protection laws which the Repub
lican party held in force during nearly
thirty years prior to 1890, but it needed
the act of that year to awaken the people
to a realizing sense of the importance oi
such protection as would cause the devel
opment of the vast resources of our own
country.
The growth of industrial enterprises,
from gathering raw material to finished
product, during the few years of the ope
ration of the act of 1890, was marvelously
great— greater than the record of any
other country shows— and when the Dem
ocrats came along and ruthlessly made
wa9te places of where great prosperity pre
vailed, it was perfectly natural that the
people would demand of the St. Louis
Convention that the restoration of the
agency which gave the country such sub
stantial growth should be paramount to
all other work in the direction of applying
Republican principles to the conduct of
the Nation's economic affairs.
The St. Louis Convention would not
voice the will of the people were it to
make the tariff question of secondary im
portance, but it will not subordinate the
crying needs of the Nation to questions
that can wait until smoke is again rolling
out of the chimneys of the thousands of
idle manufactories. There are too many
thousands of idle bread-winners waiting
for the Republican party to throw activity
into the industrial and commercial opera
tions of the country that they may go to
work to justify any prolonging of the duty
of restoring the machinery of trade and
traffic to the strength and excellence it
possessed before it was trifled with by
Grover Cleveland and company.
GATHERING OF THE CLANS.
The several clans of the unterritiea
Democracy are gathering for to-morrow's
battle, and a real old-fashioned knock
down-and-dig-out time is expected. First
and foremost, no one expects that the party
will win in this State. The leaders are not
figuring upon loaves and iishes for distri
bution, but there may be prospective value
in controlling the organization, for should
the llepubiican party ever again make the
mistake of letting the State go by default,
the gang that happens to have the machin
ery of the organization in hand will have
opportunity to get its hands in the State's
pocketbook. It is to possible future events
that the eyes of the bosses are looking, but
while there is nothing encouraging in that
direction for the Democracy, their natur
ally itching palms will drive the factious
to furious lighting for supremacy.
Then, again, there has developed an
immense amount of personal animosity in
the last fortnight or so and the battie will
rage all the more fiercely for it. It is con
ceded that the Junta will finally triumph
over all the other factions, which means
that the party in California is determined
to keep up its well-earned reputation for
contempt for political cleanliness. The
convention will declare with great empha
sis against woman suffrage, and naturally
so, for the kind of business the Demo
cratic party follows >rould be 6eriously
hampered by the refining influence of
women. Grover Cleveland will be re
buked, mildly or otherwise as the wind
happens to blow, for his stand for the gold
dollar, and free silver coinage at 16 to 1
will be demanded, not, however, on prin
ciple, but the doctrine is believed in by
Californians, and it would be better poli
tics for the convention to keep in line than
to antagonize public sentiment on a ques
tion that is so one-sided.
But the loudest weeping and wailine will
be heard, though, when it comes to select
ing delegates to the Chicago Convention.
So many have their hearts set on making
the trip that under any kind of circum
stances there would be great aud bitter dis
appointment, but when Boss Gould goes
among the waiting crowd and puts his
mark upon and attaches strings to those
whom he is willing should go there will be
curses loud and long, for in addition to the
wail of the Buckleyites there will be heard
the lamentations of the Junta henchmen,
who are henchmen because of solemn
promises of delegateships to the Chicago
gathering. There would be more adroit
ness and less brutality exhibited by the
Junta bosses if there was the slightest
prospect of carrying the State in the near
future for local offices, but there is none,
and hence there is no reason why the Buck
ley following and the following of every
other opponent should be made to sur
render body and soul to the Gould gang
for future use under penalty of the eternal
disfavor of the bosses if they refuse to
abandon their old leaders.
DEMOCRACY'S PLIGHT.
The failure of the Wilson-Gorman act to
either stimulate business or provide ade
quate revenue for the current expenses of
the Government eliminates the tariff ques
tion from the list of reasons why the peo
ple should prefer Democratic rule and
leaves two conspicuous but diametrically
opposite economic principles to be battled
i for in the National Convention. One is
I the gold standard of redemption money
] and the other is the free and unlimited
I coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
J This leaves no middle or any other ground
for compromise.
The gold standard wing insist* that the
remonetization of silver independent of
countries with whom we have trade rela
tions would surely bankrupt the country,
and rather than join in a conspiracy to do
that they would withdraw from the party
and support the candidate of any party
that declared for the gold standard.
The silver wing insists that the gold wing
is in a conspiracy to hand the country
over to the capitalistic cla«s in America
and Europe to manipulate the money
supply In their own interests, and they
say that under no circumstances would
they support the nominee of 'the party if
its platform dpclares for anything short of
bimetallism at the old ratio. Thus it will
be *een the wings are too far apart to give
hope of any middle ground upon which
their differences could be adjusted, and
that two conventions and two sets of can
didates are inevitable unless one side or
the other makes an abject surrender of
principles, wnich is not to be expected,
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 18^6.
especially now that President Cleveland
has set the pace for the gold standardites
by declaring that it is better Democracy to
vote for a sound-money protection Repub
lican than a free-silver tariff-for-revenue
only Democrat.
But because tbere is an irrepressible con
flict raging in the ranks of the Democratic
party it is no reason why Republicans
should be apathetic. On the contrary,
they should throw more energy and en
thusiasm into the campaign than 'ever.
Th 6 snake that is only scotched is still
dangerous. To the end, then, that the
Democratic party may be weakened aud
scattered and driven out of the political
iield, let the work of organizing league and
other kinds of campaign clubs go on, until
every voting Republican's name is en
rolled for active duty.
EMPEROR WILLIAM'S MISTAKE.
It makes no difference whether Prince
Ludwig's rage at the banquet of the
Deutsche Verein at Moscow was real or
feigned, the fact remains that he was not
slow to take advantage of an opportunity
to show the real feeling whicU exists in
the South German States toward the ruler
of the German Empire. It is bard to con
ceive how a greater insult could have been
offered the princes of the several States
than calling them mere members of the
suite cf Prince Henry, the Emperor's
brother, who was the representative of
young William at the coronation cere
monies. It may be that the toastmaster
purposely gave Ludwig a much-desired
opportunity to publicly state tne relation
that Bavaria in particular sustained to
ward Jhe federation, but anyway there
was deep significance in his words, when
Ludwig arose from the table and said,
"We are the Emperor's allies," but that in
independence of country he stood as a
representative of Bavaria separate and
apart from the German Empire.
When Bismarck brought the several Ger
man States together in one grand federa
tion it was upon the basis of offensive and
defensive union as against other nations,
but in nothing else were the several States
to surrender their independence. To be
sure it was agreed that there should be a
parliament, which should make laws for
the government ot the federation, but that
was to strengthen the alliance. The grand
father and father of the present Emperor
recognized that fact, and hence the most
cordial relations always existed between
them and the rulers of the several South
German States. Young William, however,
has not Jet an opportunity pass to show to
the world that they were little less than
lieutenants of his ruling by hereditary
rieht. Gradually he has assumed the
role of supreme authority throughout
the federation, and on more than one oc
casion he has arrogated to himself the
right to not only dictate to the princes, but
to let them keep their feet warm by kick
ing the doorstep of his palace until it
pleased his Majesty to admit them to his
presence.
The notion of the Emperor that it was
not an ailiance but a complete absorption
of the States has been taking deeper root
from day to day, and to impress that fact
upon the rulers of the States he made them
mere members of bis representative's
euite at Moscow, thus implying an owner
ship of them. That a high spirited man
like Prince Ludwig would resent such an
insult is not surprising, especially that he
is not only several years older than Wil
liam but very mucli his superior in states
manship and in understanding of the art
of war. It is surmise! in European polit
ical circles that Ludwig's fiery speech and I
his subsequent withdrawal from the ban- I
quet hali are seed that will grow into such !
discontent among the people of the South
German States that they may demand j
the revocation of the articles of federation.
But however that may be, it is very cer- j
tain that the Emperor has stirred up very !
much of a hornet's nest in trying totians
form ambitious princes into tinsel-decked
show puppets for his own glorification.
SPAIN'S WAY.
The arrogance of Spain is becoming in
tolerant, and yet our Government refuses
to resent it. There are several American
citizens DOW languishing in Cuban prisons,
and Weyler diUy-dallie** and evades when
information is asked concerning them. If
our Government makes a positive demand
for anything, the Spanish Minister at
Washington calls upon our State Depart
ment, and goes away a victor. Spain as
sumes that we\are a Nation of fools who
can be fed upon taffy, premises and refer
ence to Columbus having discovered
America.
The President listens to reports of
cruelties inflicted upon peaceable Ameri
can citizens in Cuba, and then comes
along Spain denying everything, and
Spain is believed. Our Nation is struck
on one cheek by Weyler and then on the
other by the Madrid Government, and all
in the most arrogant manner, but the
Washington Government saya or does
nothing.
Meanwhile Spain's diplomats are try
ing to form an alliance with every nation
of Europe to join her in war upon the
United States should this country recog
nize tne belligerency of Cuba. Just now
the Madrid Government is promising
Russia valuable land concessions on this
continent if she will stand in with Spain
if our Minister to Madrid is ordered out of
the country.
Our Consul-General in Cuba, General
Lee, a gentleman of high character and
honorable in every way, asked infor
mation about certain American inter
ests and he is answered by a gushing invi
tation to dine with Weyler,' thus adding in
sult to injury. No doubt if General Lee
had the authority he would promptly
bring the matter to an issue, but the Presi
dent appears to enjoy Spain's arrogance.
AS TO HORACE BOIES.
Boies appears to be growing altogether
too popular to suit some of the other as
pirants for the glory of bearing away the
Chicago nomination. His Democracy is
not only seriously questioned, but his
mental capacity is being measured in a
way that shows a lack of confidence in the
quality and quantity of his gray matter.
It is charged, too, that he was a rampant
Republican so short a time ago that were
he elected he might turn to his old politi
cal love. But there need be no hesitation
on the scare of his chances for election.
The destiny of this country leads away
from .speckled or died-in-tne-wool Democ
racy.
However, some of the charges against
Boies are well founded. He certainly is
below the average in statesmanship; be
sides, no one who knows him would bet
that to-morrow he would advoVate the
principles he promulgated to-day. He has
twisted the doctrine of free silver coinage
into every possible shape, and the dis
coveries he makes in the science of money
are marvelous for their obtuseness. His
iatest manifesto says that as between the
gold standard and complete silver mono
metallism he prefers the latter tirst, last
and all the time. At the same time,
rather than not receive the nomination he
would subordinate his personal convic
tions to the will of Wall street; but under
no circumstances would he try to learn to
Jove Grover Cleveland. Mr. Boies sent in
a slate for lowa appointments, but the
President appointed the other fellow in
every instance.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Campbell Weekly Visitor, one year old,
gives evidence of its prosperous condition by
coming out in enlarged form at the beginning
of its new volume. Its publishers. Blame &
Williams, have furnished a creditable paper,
and are richly deserving of the success they
have achieved.
There is something worthy of more substan
tial reward than praise and admiration in the
splendid work of Mrs. Thad J. McFarland in
successfully managing and editing the Folsom
Telegraph since the demise of her husband
who had so long and so well guided that
paper's destiny. Mrs. McFarland proved her
self equal to a trying emergency, and it is
pleasing to learn that the people of Folsom
and vicinity appreciate her demonstrated
pluck, energy and ability.
J. T. Flynn, a well-known economic writer,
has taken editorial charge of the San Francisco
Populist, of which political weekly William G.
C. Pitt is the publisher. The advent of Mr.
Flynn in the capacity above mentioned
augurs well for the future of that party publi
cation.
Rev. H. H. Farnhain has purchased the
Brentwood Enterprise from its late editor, F.
M. Eachus, who has acquired a controlling in
terest in the Tribune, published at his old
home in Newman, and will hereafter preside
in the Tribune sanctum.
The Contra Costa Gazette comes to us looking
as fresh and bright as a daisy in a brand new
dress throughout. Martinez has reason to feel
proud of its clean and progressive weekly.
The effort which has been making to reopen
the Btockton pottery promises to be successful
atlast. "Lite many other important indus
tries," says the Stockton Mail, "the pottery
fell through just as it was on the verge of pay
ing handsome dividends, and if started up
kgain there is hardly any question but it will
soon be an important factor in the prosperity
of Stockton. For some time subscriptions have
been under way, and of the $50,000 required
$43,000 has been pledged. A. C. Hopkinson is
now endeavoring to raise the balance, and
from the outlook it is liKely that the remainder
will be secured without much difficulty."
That the establishment of one industrial
plant encourages another to follow, the Fresno
Interior says, is proven by Fresno's experience
with the Tenney fruit cannery. Since the
work of preparing that institution for active
operations has been under way another com
pany has had representatives looking this field
over with a view of locating here, and indica
tions point to the immediate erection of a
second large fruit and vegetable canning es
tablishment in the raisin center.
There are luminous prospects ahead for
Merced, and the Star 0: that city observes that
with the building of the railroad to the
Yosemite Valley a cross-the-country connec-
tion with Newman and the extension of the
Oakdale branch to Sanger Merced will be
looked upon as being "strictly in it." All these
improvements are among the possibilities in
the near future.
A most encouraging bit of news comes from
the Mojave desert region. The Bakersfleld
Calijornian informs us that while laborers
were finishing up the well for the five-stamp
mill at Kane Springs the bottom seemed to
drop out at twenty feet and the water came in
so fast that the workmen could scarcely get
out in time to save themselves from a gooa
wetting. In forty-five minutes the whole well
was filled up and the water was running over
the top. This gives (treat abundance of water
for mill work and it can be run direct into the
battery. The mill in question is the property
of Messrs. Stanton and Koehn and this remark
able di>ecm.ry of water assures the success of
the enterprise.
The men who have been boring for oil down
at Halfmoon Bay failed to strike what they
were looking after, but their operations
showed the existence of go^d deposits of fine
usphaltum and the Coatt Advocate declares that
it will pay city capitalists to Investigate this
new discovery.
Fresno comes to tne front with a sensational
gold discovery, ami we may soon hear that
half the city has been staked out in mining
claims. Here is the story, as related by the
Frosno Republican: "While digging a hole for
an electric-light pole June 8 at the corner of
X and Stanislaus streets the workmen came to
a bed of sand which had the appearance of a
gold formation. Some of them had seen gold
mines before and carried away some of the
sand to pan it out. It would not have been
surprising to find a trace of gold in it, es nearly
all the soil of these plains shows traces oi tne
yeliow metal, but they were not prepared for a
yield of 8 cents to the pan. They washed three
pans and got 24 cents.
•'The discovery naturally caused some excite
ment, for if a bed of sand that rich exists there
oE any considerable depth it is valuable. A
man with a shovel and pan could make $15 a
day; and the land would be as good for build
ing purposes after it was mined us before. If
the sand is ten feet deep, an ordinary lot will
yield in the neighborhood of $25,000, A man
could afford to have his lot turned upside down
for that sum. No one knows how much of this
rich sand exists there.
"It may be that the bed of a prehistoric
creek lies there, and its channel may be enor
mously rich."
The Merced Star has entered upon its seven
teenth volume. Itisan excellent publication
and a strong champion of the interests of Mer
ced County.
Sonora is rejoicing over the assurance that
an artificial ice plant will soon be .in operation
there. The Sonora Democrat says that the
plant will begin to arrive during the present
week, and proceeds thus: "H. A. Preston,
Frank Sisson and John C. Kitton, the pro
moters of the enterprise, were in San Francisco
during the past week arranging for its accept
ance and shipment. It will have a capacity of
3000 pounds daily, with ample cold storage
facilities for some time to come. The location
of the works is in a most convenient place at
the site of the old flouring mill. Ice will be
delivered to Sonora customers early in the
morning and to Jamestown, Quartz Mountain
and Stent before noon.
"Arrangements will bo made with the con
necting stage lines to deliver the product to
Summerville, Soulsbyville and Columbia daily,
so that nearly the entire county will be cov
ered each day. Those engaged in conducting
public houses evince a warm interest to see it
in working order. The men identified with it
do not know what failure means, and it is a
sure bet it will be a big success."
Oakdale now has electricity and irrigation,
and the Oakdale Leader rightly opines "that it
is a pretty good- starter. The lights burn
brilliantly, although the full force has not yet
been applied. The results are satisfactory and
everybody is well pleased. The Stanislaus
Milling and tower Company at Knights Ferry
has lots of power to spare."
Stockton's new%ra that dawned when the
Valley Road and Corral Hollow lines made
that city a common terminal point seems now
to be reddening into the luster of day. Wit
ness this expression from the Stockton Inde
pendent :
"Forty-two thousand dollars invested in
Stockton real estate by the Corral Hollow Rail
road and Coal companies is an evidence that
they have ereat faith in the permanency of
the supply of coal. It is also a strong evidence
of their value to Stockton aud of what they
will soon do to make that value apparent.
When the coal company begins the develop
ment of its cement mine that value will be in
creased. In fact, the value of the mines ana
all the good they bring in their train cannot
be overestimated. It was a happy day for
Stockton when the present owners took posses
sion of the mines, and Stockton people should
show their appreciation of the fact."
What irrigation can accomplish is shown in
a very graphic manner by the San Diego Union,
which quotes J. A. Mcßae, a leading lemon
grower in that section. Although his remark*
refer to San Diego, where the precipitation is
very small, they have a general application:
"We are growers of lemons ourselves," said Mr.
Mcßae yesterday, "and of course our interests
will naturally lie in sending only the best lemons
to the East and thus working up a reputation for
superior fruit. In my opinion nothing will help us
fruit-growers an much as the soeedy settlement ot
the water question, which affects us in the country
as much as you in the city. The placing of water
on the lands of this count 7 south of the Sweet
water system means orchards instead of sage
brush, and orchards mean wealth. With these
great mesas covered with water the lemon indus
try will assume the importance it deserves and
San Diego win become the lemon supply center of
the United States. That alone will make this city
rich and populous, but it will not stop there, as a
big lemon industry will mean the growth of busi
ness both by rail and sea.
Apropos of irrigation the Oceanside Blade
says that C. H. Hill of the Hill ranch has en
tered into a contract with Messrs. Shore and
Crandall of Los Angeles* by which the latter
gentlemen are to develop 400 miners' inches
of water on the former's ranch at a cost of
$10,000. He takes no chances of responsibil
ity in the matter whatever. When the water
is developed and the fact shown it will then
fall upon Mr. Hill to take the water and pay
for it.
PERSONAL.
Senator J. H. Seawell of Ukiah is at the Grand.
W. Sarles. the Gonzales merchant, is a guest
at the Grand.
D. Williams of Portland, Or., is registered at
the Cosmopolitan.
Dr. George Yardley Taylor of Burlington, N.
J., is a Lick guest.
H. L. Foy of Mare Island is at the Baldwin
for a tew days' visit.
George Mainhart, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is at the Grand.
James Walsh, a cattleman of El Paso de
Eobles, is at the Grand.
Sheriff James T. Peck of Merced is among the
late arrivals at the Lick.
H. R. McNoble, a Stockton attorney, is a re
cent arrival at the Grand.
J. E. Booth, a capitalist of Provo, Utah, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Ex-Judge S. F. Geil, an attorney from Sa
linas, has a room at the Occidental.
J. Crittenden Underwood arrived at the Oc
cidental yesterday from Guatemala.
J. M. Lakeman, known as a prosperous miner
Of Grass Vulley, is staying at the Lick.
James Kiefer, the Seattle lawyer, is at the
Occidental with his wife and daughter.
D. M. Stuart, a well-known business man of
Astoria, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
C. H. Pol ley, a wealthy rancher of Downie
ville, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan are Mrs. Body and family of Santa Rosa.
George L. Fisher, manager of Fuller & Co.'s
business at Stockton, is staying at the Grand.
V. S. McClatchy, proprietor of the Sacra
mento Bee, is at the California with his wife.
A. H. Rose of Sacramento County, formerly a
State official, arrived at the Grand last night.
Charles J. Noack, the largest jewelry dealer
of Sacramento, is spending a fewdajs at the
Lick.
Andrew B. Paris, a lawyer of San. Bernar
dino, is among yesterday's arrivals at the
Russ.
James Lee, a business man of Eureka, Hum
boldt County, is registered at the Cosmopol
itan Hotel.
R. P. Keating of Virginia City, a mining
superintendent and a Democratic politician,
is among the Palace guests.
O. M. Galloway, an Englishman with large
interests in India, arrived here yesterday en
route to Vancouver on business.
Mr*. Helen McKenzie of Scotland is at the
Occidental. She is on her way to Hawaii to
visit her brother, Mr. Cowins of Honolulu.
Among the recent arrivals at the Palace are
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Delmage and Alexander
Goodman of London. They are traveling for
pleasure.
S. W. De Witt of Washington, D. C, an In
dian claims adjuster, has returned to the
Baldwin after several months' work in the
Southwest.
•Colonel John H. Soper,, commander of the
Hawaiian military forces, returned yesterday
from an Eastern trip, and will start to-morrow
for Honolulu.
J. Waketield, an attorney, of Honolulu, is at
the Occidental with his wife and S. Wakefleld.
They have returned from the East and are
bound for the islands.
Colonel W. P. Rutler, a Chicago attorney, re
turned to the City yesterday after concluding
some business in the country. He will leave
in a day or two for his home.
John A. Hicks, William Blackstone Rankin,
Peter Ball and A. R. Denike, San Jose mem
bers of the Santa Clara County Democratic
delegation to Sacramento, arrived at the Bald
win lust night.
D. A. O3trom, ex-State Senator, owner of a
large ranch near Yuba and prospective Yo
semite Valley Commissioner, provided the
Governor makes a change, arrived at the
Grand yesterday.
N. C. Den, a Democratic delegate from Santa
Barbara and a descendant of one of the oldest
families of that place, is at the Occidental, but
will leave for Sacramento this afternoon to at
tend the convention.
Among the City of Para's passengers for this
port yeslerday was Mrs. H. H. Wharton, a
wealthy woman from Guatemala, who is on
her way to Arizona, where she proposes to
nuike some invesinents.
C. F. Wvman, vice-president of the Santa
Clara Fruit Exchange, is on a visit to the City,
and is quartered at the Grand Hotel. He says
the fruit crop in the Santa Clara Valley gives
excellent promise of an abundant yield.
John Bradbury, the Los Angeles capitalist
and ex-proprietor of the Los Angeles Herald,
is at the Palace. It was about a yenr ago that
Jr. Bradbury made a record trip around the
world as a feature of his general enjoyment of
life.
Among the Central American arrivals at the
Occidental yesterday were Manuel Jiminez, a
rich coffee-planter; Luisa de Jiminez and
Narcisa Kivas, all of Salvador, and A. Asturias,
Mrs. Asturias and Margarita de Ascusio of
Guatemala.
F. W. Tallmadge, who nas recently estab
lished a lumber mill in Guatemala, returned
from Central America yesterday and took up
his quarters at the Grand. He is one of the
Tallmadges that used to have lumber and
shingle mills in several of the Eastern States.
Captain M. F. Taylor, the manager of Hearst's
big ranch near San Simeon and a Ban Luis
Obispo County delegate to the Democratic
Convention at Saaramento, came up from Port
Harford by steamer yesterday. He is at the
Occidental waiting for the crowd to move
toward the capital city.
REASSURED.
They told us that "new women" had deposed the
summer girls: ,
That- learning had supplanted gentle grace:
That we'd mis.i the merry laughter; that the
lightly wavlnn curls j
No more would make a halo 'round each face;
That Komeos and Benedicks would go quite out
of style
Since femininity applied for fame.
Yet June-time blithely greets us, and the orange
blossoms smile,
And the wedding bells are ringing just tne same.
No longer do we contemplate her wisdom with
. dismay,
And hear her polysyllables and sigh;
Our gloomy apprehensions are as lightly rolled
away •
As the clouds that hung across an April sky.
For we know that c'en ambition, with Us greed
and with its guile,
Life* tender moods can never wholly claim,
Since June-time blithely greets us, and the orange
blossoms smile,
And the wedding bells are rinsing just the same.
— Washington Star.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Though the trolley an' the bike
Shows a heap o' skill,
Ain't got notliiu' yet tbet goes
Fast ez money will.
—Washington Star,
"Did he look like a bicjeiist!"
"Oh, dear, no; not in the least. Why, he
could stand up straight with no perceptible
effort."— Chicago Post.
"Funny thing about this telephone-"
"What's that?"
"ii you swear into it they cut you off, and if
you don't swear they never hear you."—Chi
cago Record.
"That young man stayed till after mid
night," began the stern parent, with all the
acerbity he could command.
"Yes, papa," answered the silver Senator's
daughter. "He left me at just 16 minutes to 1."
"I— l guess he's all right, after all."—Cincin
nati Enquirer.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Sheriff H. L. Bargwardt Jr. of Kern County,
now at the Russ, just missed capturing the out
law and bandit. Phil Crowley, last week, be
cause of the impulsiveness of one of his posse
at the critical moment.
Crowley has been at large for a little over a
year now, having escaped from the Stockton In
sane Asylum, whither he was transferred from
the State prison after working tha insanity
dodge to perfection. He is 27 years of age,
nearly six feet in height and desperate, be
cause to be captured means twenty-nve years,
or nearly a lifetime, in prison. It is known
that he has been lurking in Kern County ever
since last December, maintained by persons
who harbor him trom fear of vengeance rather
than from a desire to defy the authorities,
The Sheriff learned of Crowley's wriereabouts
several weeks ago, and had one of his posse
living with him up to the morning of the at
tempted capture.
The bandit was staying in a cabin with two
woodchoppers up in the hills and the Sheriff s
deputy happened in upon them on the pretext
of looking after some cattle his father had in
that neighborhood. When he had learned
Crowley's daily habits he informed his chief
nnd the Sheriff moved on the scene at night
with three well-armed men, including his
brother.
"Just as we expected," said Sheriff Barg
wardt, "Crowley came out of the cabin and
split some kindling for the morning tire. 1
could nave picked him off easy enough, but I d
sooner let any man escape than shoot him
down like a dog. Then the blue smoke began
to rise from the chimney and Crowley left the
house with a bucket and started down to the
creek about 200 yards away. We knew he
would. That was our chance. We rushed for
wa-d Three of my men stationed themselves
in the house while my brother and I took our
positions outside.
"My directions were that no one should
make amove until Crowley was right up at the
door. Then all were to level on him and yell
at him to throw up his bauds. Not one man
in a hundred would.have refused to surrender
with five shotguns and Winchesters bristling
all about him.
"Crowley was armed. He had a big horse
pistol stuck down in his trousers' belt. He
came up from the creek with the water, and
when he was sixty yards from the door one of
my men became over-anxious, aimed at him
and yelled. Crowley dropped the bucket of
water and lit out. I had to run way around
the house to get sight of him, and then only
caught three glimpses of the upper part of his
body as he was running through the cbap
parral, so the three bullets I sent after him
only encouraged him to increase his speed."
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Con
naught are the first knights of the new Vic
torian Order.
The young Duke of Manchester, says a cor
respondent, may be expected to soon follow
the example of his fellow duke, Marlborough,
and visit the United States for a bride. His
mother is an American woman.
The memory and worth of the poet Words
worth will be fittingly honored before the end
of the century, half a century after his death,
by the publication of a final and complete edi
tion of his poetry and prose.
Queen Victoria's traveling expenses in con
nection with her trip to the Riviera amounted
to about $25,000. There was a royal special
train from Cherbourg to Nice and back, and a
special for the servants, horses and heavy lug
gage from Boulogne to Nice and back.
Miss Phcebe Vinton has retired from the em
ployment oi the Hamilton Woolen Company,
Southbridge, Ma?s., after a continuous service
of forty-four years and six months. In all this
time Miss Vinton not only worked m the same
mill and the same room, but she operated the
same set of four looms.
Cecil J. Rhodes is the fourth son of the vicar
of Bishop Stortford, Herefordshire. He was
sent for his health to Natal, where his brother
was a planter. He subsequently went to Kim
berly diamond diggings, where he soon became
cousdlcuous and amassed a large fortune. He
entered the Cape House of Assembly as mem
ber for Barkly. In 1890 he became Prime
Minister of Cape Colony.
The Duke of Argyll, the sole survivor of Lord
Palmerston's Cabinet which forty years ago
drew up and contracted the treaty of Paris,
the basis of Britain's subsequent dealings with
Turkey, has, in a small volume soon to be is
sued by John Murray, supplied the want of a
brief narrative of the chain of events which
have led to the position now held by Britain
with regard to the .Eastern question.
LADY'S BLOUSE WAIST WITH VEST
EFFECT.
A blouse waist with vest effect, which is ad
justable if desired, is appreciated by all
women, allowing, as it does, of a variety, with
very slight expenditure.
The pattern has a fitted lining, over which
the material is laid; the fronts gathered at
the shoulder and belt, the back laid in pleats
lit the shoulders and gathered at the waist.
The vest is a separate piece, that may be
sewed to the waist or may be made separate.
The waist here illustrated is of pink taffetas,
with black lines. The trimming is of jet, with
belt and collar of ribbon velvet. 2sow, if this
vest is not sewn to the waist, but simply made
separate, with tne collar of veivet sewn to it,
the neck of the waist being finished with a I
binding, how easy to change the effect by mak-
Ing an extra vest of pleated black chiffon, j
with a collar of the same, or a vest of pink
chiffon with a black velvet collar. A third
change might be made of white nainsook, with
ruffles of narrow yellow Valenciennes lace.
These vests ot nainsook are the latest fad,
and very dainty ones are sold, ready tucked
and trimmed, for $1 50 a yard and upward.
Hilf a yard only is required. With this fhould
be worn tiny points of the same nainsook and
lace laid over the front of the collar, one on
either side, the points downward. Cuffs of
nainsook can be added and the pattern for
them is included, though not shown in the
illustration.
This model has been used for making waistsi sts
of black satin or crepon to match a skirt, the
color being supplied by vests of bright-colored
chiffon or taffetas. A frill of yellow lace on
both sides of the vest.is a great addition. One
waist of black crepon had a yellow flowered
taffetas vest, with frills of yellowish lace and
collar of yellow chitton. Wash goods make up
very charmingly alter this model with nain
sook, lace or embroidery for the vest, using
ribbou for the collar, belt and a finish down
the sides of the vest.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
And Work for It.
Healdsburg Enterprise.
Prosperity only comes to those who seek it.
Exchanges Pleane Take Notice.
Portland Newsboys' Calamity Howler.
\Ve have not the slightest objections of using
your columns without giving you credit, but
when you begin to use our columns without
giving us our due then we kick, as that is a
horse oi another color.
A Great Scheme.
Fresno Populist.
Under the funding bill the Government will
at the end of the term— ninety years— he $129,
-400,000 out of pocket, or $69,000,000 more
than its present claim against the Central Pa
cific alone. Better cancel it now if that is to
be the only alternative.
Recognition Ui> necessary.
fan Bernardino Times-Index.
Cuban belligerency needs no recognition
from this or any other country— it is self
evident.
Unfortunate Cripole Creek.
Fresno .Republican.
There is no town in the country at the pres
ent time with a more appropriate name than
Cripple Creek.
Conundrums.
Alameda Argus. *
Who will the Democratic candidate be?
What will the Democratic policy be? What
will the Democratic platform contain? These
be conundrums indeed.
Fulling Down and Building Up.
San Jacinto Register.
Not so much "How can I destroy this evil?"
but "What better thing can I put in its place?"
is the real question. Constructive ability is
what the world wants.
An All-the- Year- Hound Queen.
Fresno Watchman.
Rose queens are Retting thick (numerically)
in Calilornia. Nearly every pretty girl has
had her queenhood and got her picture in the
papers this spring. Now if she will learn to
do cooking lor ma and mending for pa =ne
will be a queen all the year.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Reveil dv Matiu— M. F., City. "Le Reveil
dv Matin" is French, and translated meam
the morning awakening.
German Empibk— L. S., City. The population
of the German Empire, according to the censui
of June 14, 1d95, was 51,758,304.
Not Tbanslated— J. J., La Cresta, Mexico.
"Ben Hur" has not been translated into the
Spanish, language, neither has '-.East Lynue."
Graduate is Medicine— H. S., City. There
is no medical college in this City, allopathic
or homeopathic "where one can attend in tbe
evening and graduate in medicine."
A License— W. M., City. If an association in
corporates to carry on a general merchandise
store it musts t obtain a license m»m each county
in which it desires to transact business.
Rain in 1895— J. B. H., City. On the 3d of
September, Itt9s, there was a trace of rain in
this City ; also traces on the Bth and 9th of
that montu. It commenced to rain at 10:50
p. m. on the 9th, and continued until 8:50
a. m. on the 10th.
If An Easter Day— a. F., City. Since 1801
Easter Sunday has fallen on the Bth of
April but on two occasions, in 1849 and In
1860. In 1844 Easter fell on April 7; in 1845
on March 33, and in 1846 it leil on April lii.
The De Winton Arson Case— A. 8., City. W.
W. de Winton, charged with arson, was tried
in the Superior Court of this City and County,
and on April 20, 1895, was found guilty. He
took an appeal, filing the papers on the 31st of
May. The case is still pending before the Su
preme Court.
Squirrels — Subscriber, Lompoc, Cal. There
are a number of agents which it is claimed will
"kill 6quirrels before they can get back to
their holes," but this department canno. ad
vertise any of them. Any druggist will be able
to advise you as to what poison is best to use
to rid yourself of the pests.
Cubbency ant) Gold— J. B. Me, Dayton, Nev.
From the report of the Comptroller of tne
Treasury of the United States, it appears that
in January, 1873, the currency price of $100
gold was $112, and the gold price of $100 cur
rency was $89 28. On January 1, 1874, the
currency price ot $100 gold was $110 25, and
the gola price of $100 currency was $90 70.
Fresh buttercups, 25c a pound. Townsend's.*
•—• — ♦ — •
Special Information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Montgomery. *
» ■» — *
"Has he learned to ride the wheel yet?"
"I don't think so. I've never seen any scars
on his face."— Chicago Post.
•99 75 to Washington, I). C, and Re
turn.
The official excursion to the fifteenth annual
convention of the Young People's Society Chris
tian Endeavor at Washington, D. C, July 1, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 39, at '2 p.m.
and San Francisco Tuesday, J une 30, at 7a. x.
The route will be via the Central Pacilic, Lnion
Pacific, Chicago and North%vestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
under the personal supervision of G. W. Campbell,
president of the Califoruia Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 North Second Street, San Jose, and
William G. Alexander, ex-president of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Unlo_,2l North Fourth
street, San Jose. For further information and
reservation of berths apply to either of the gentle
men or to D. W. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery street,
San Francisco; C. K. Bray, 2 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco; O. F. Herr, 2» South Spring
street, Los Angeles, or to any ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of tha
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for aering this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense la afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook & Son, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific .Railroad. 11. C. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle building, S. F.
St. Louis Convention.
Parties taking advantage of the cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure tickets re
turning via St. Paul and the Northern Pacific
Railroad. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gams, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the b«st remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aristae
from teething or other causes, for sale by Drug
gists in every pan of the world. Be sure and asi
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 250 a bottu
Coronado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at th» Hotel
Coronado. $60; longer stay f2 60 per day. Appl*
4>ew Montgomery at.. San Francisco.
First Fairy— l want a husband who is easily
pleased.
Second Ditto— Don't worry, dear; that's the
kind you'll get.— Hnrlem Life.
wev to-pat:
A China fare
AT
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7}^o
each. ■ ' ■ jVv, j
Decorated - Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
25c each. V . "' ■
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c,
50c.
Table Tumblers, per set. 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set-, complete, 60 pieces,
$4 60 and $5 25.
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsbad China, exquisitely decora-
ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $15 00.
The kind and quality others charge $25.
Great Aiaericanliortiii Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES*.
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore *t-
-617 Kearny st. 065 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st-
-521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3250 Mission st.
53 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P. .
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
13 1 San Pablo aye. 017 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alameda. -MONDAY JUNE 15, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatf.r.— "A Gilded Fool."
California THKATF.R.~"The Home Secretary."
f oumeia " hkatkk— "The Charity Ball.'
Vnßosco's opkba-Housk— "New York Day By
Day. •
'I ivoi.i OPKRA-Horsn.- "Lorraine. 1
i > revTM- FTieh-Class Vaudeville.
Übovf.r's aicasa*.- -The Little Detective,"
Park Thkater— Grove street, between : oik
and Van .Ness avenue— "Cruiskeen Lawn," Sat-
urday evening, June 20.
triKo io>iM i«.AXD — Bathing and Perform-
ttices.
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Haight street, one
Uock east of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Kxcursiov and Picnic— To Glen Kllen, Wed-
nesday. June 17.
AUCTION iALbS.
By L. H. Buri>— This da.-, June 15, Furniture, »t
4i!5 O'Farrell street, at 11 o'clock.
By Chas. Lkvy t t to.— This dar (Monday),
Furniture, at 741 Natonia street, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Basch— This day (Monday), Furniture.
a; salesroom. 819 Sutter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
By Frank W. i;i-ttkkkikld — This day
(Monday), Groceries, at Church and Duncan
streets, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Mayor Sutro is on his ranch in Napa County.
There are some wonderful blossoms in
Golden Gale consirvatory.
The Pacific cricketers defeated the Cali
fornia* at Alameda yesterday by 17 rtms.
The public-school children have been in
vited to visit the Sutro baths next Saturday.
There was some exciting baseball yesterday
at the Presidio and Folsom-street grounds.
The handball courts were crowded yesterday
and several exciting games were witnessed.
An Englishman wants to place $5000 on
Corbett in the four-round contest withSharkey.
The St. Francises easily defeated the reorgan
ized Clippers in a lop-sided game by a score of
lo to 4.
Fair Monday: probably light fog in the
morning.— Local Forecast. Official Alexander
G. McAdie.
E. Jacobson beat 8. Carr yesterday in a fifty
shot match with twenty- two-caliber rifles at
Shell Mound.
foliceman Ennis discovered a new-born
mule iniant in a vacant loi at Bay View yester
day forenoon.
Nat C. Goodwin will play Henry Guy Carle
ton's successful comedy, "The Gilded Fool," at
the Baldwm this week.
Louis Plank of 2600 Sacramento street is in
DOS-session of valuable documents bearing on
the history of ihis City.
A children's festival service was conducted
yesterday morning at the Chinese Presbyterian
Church, on Stockton street.
An automatic judging machine for judging
athletic cv. Nts was successfully tried yesterday
at the Olympic Club grounds.
The California* defeated the Imperials of the
City Kaseball League at Presidio park yester
day. The score was 26 to 19.
The Rev. Dr. R. J. Briggs, pastor of the Cen
tenary Methodist Church, spoke at the
V. St. C. A. yesterday afternoon.
Pistol shooting is becoming a popular sport.
Yesterday over fifty marksmen of this order
shot over the short range at Shell Mound.
La>i Friday a waiter named Frauk Lynch
'i ■■ i aboard of the steamship City of Para, en
route to this port, and was buried a.t sea.
The excellence of the North End police
station, on Washington street, has ended the
op) o-;tion of the residents of that section.
California Violet won the main stake at
Ocean View coursing park yesterday, and
,-i'i'iaway won the third dog stake at Ingle
side.
John E. Booth, a Mormon Bishop, lectured in
Pythian Castle last night and replied U) the
Utah Presbytery and other Christian denomi
nations.
Old St. Mary's Church on California street
was crowded last evening when Father Yorke
delivered an address on "Are the Irish People
Criminals?"
Nearly $7,500,000 ha§ beeD lott by fire in
surance companieson the Pacific Coast through
competition resulting from demoralisation of •
the compact.
Picked teams from Companies C and G shot
a nity-shot match yesterday at the Shell
Mound range. Company G's men will have to
pay for the dinner.
Miss Elizabeth Gates appeared for a living
statue of the goddess of liberty and equal
rights of the sexes at Golden Gate Hall, to the
suffragists last night.
Fred Marlow was held up by two footpads
early yesterday morning on Leavenworth,
near* Broadway"and relieved of $45. Two sus
pects are under arrest.
John \V. Hay, who was shot by Mrs. Minna
McDougall, the latter subsequently commit
ting suicide, on the 7th inst., died last evening
at the German Hospital.
Currie Aitken, 33 Canada street, while in a
padded cell in the Receiving Hospital suffer
ing from dilerium tremens, tried to hang him
self yesterday morning.
The Acme Club Wheelmen hela a fast rr>ad
race from Fruitvale to Haywards yesterday.
G. Westphall was the winner, and T. A.
fcchle uter maae best time. 27:32.
James Bowlan, a veteran commiision broker
of this City, said yesterday that only five peo
ple in Sausalito were in opposition to the re
cent poolroom acquisition of that town.
George H. Calhnan and Dmiiel Mattocks
were arrested on Masonic avenue early yester
day morning while robbing a tool house be
longing to Cranston <fe Keenan, builders.
Contractors will begin work this week at the
Presidio. The improvements to be started in
clude a stable building, two brick barracks,
grading, filling, well-boring and tunneling.
The pupils of the Polytechnic High School
will present a farewell programme of music
and a farce to-night at Odd Fellows' Hall, on
the occasion of the close of the summer term.
The Patific Mail steamship City of Para ar
rived yesterday irom Panama and way ports,
and landed her passengers at the seawall.
This mornine she will dock at Lombard-street
wharf.
Flags floated at half-mast over the Stock Ex
change and other buildings in respect to O. W.
Marye, the broker who committed suicide last
Saturday evening while his mind was de
ranged.
The Y. M.C.A. is to give a free swimming
performance in its natatorium to-morrow
night, a. number ot short-distance races and
aquatic feats being included in the pro
gramme.
The prizes won at the El Campo rowing re
put ta field May 30, were awarded to the suc
cessful crews yesterday. The distribution took
place in the South End clubhouse, foot of
Third street.
Pastor W.L. Birch, the Baptist preacher re
cently from England who is temporarily
taking the place of the Rev. Dr. Hemphill,
preached nis first sermon last night In Calvary
Presbyterian Church. "True Religion" was
his topic.
The St. Louis Convention, coming as it does
at the gitme time as the State Democratic Con
vention, has given the telegraph companies a
greater iask than they have yet had to cope
with on this cop.st. For two or three months
they liav»-. been making arrangements to
handle the immense volume of matter to be
forwarded, and Auditor Martin of the Western
I' .ion now feeis assured that nothing can pre
vent San Francisco from receiving a full re-
T>ort oi both conventions.
NEW 10-DAT.
WORKS
Wonders
In curing torturing, disfiguring,
humiliating humors of the Skin,
Scalp, and Blood when all else fails.
Bold throughout the world. Price, Ctticdka, .Vc.i
Soap, 25c.; Risoltsxt, Me. «nd 11. Poitir Dkco
ahb Ch*m. Corp., Sol* Prop*., Bo»ton.
KB-" How to Cure Every DUfigaring Humor," fra..
Scenes at the Raisin" of the Sunken Miip Blairmore. Everything Went Well During the Morning and She Was Moved Nearly Her Own Length. When the lidc
Rip Struck Her and the Wrecker the Steel Hawsers Parted Like Packthread and the Sunken Ship Was Headed Down the Bay. Damages Have Been
Repaired and Another Attempt to Raise Her Will Be Made To-Morrow.
{Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
HAWSERS PARTED
LIKE PACKTHREAD,
Exciting Scenes Around
the Raising of the
Blairmore.
SWUNG ABOUT, BUT
Luckily No Serious Damage Was
Done, Though It Was
Touch and Go.
MOVED NEAKLY HER LENGTH
Captain Burns Is No^ Certain That
the Vessl Will Be Raised
To-Morrow.
Snapl anap! went the steel hawsers that
connected the Blairmore with the wrecker
Whitelaw yesterday, and a few moments
later the hose that carried the compressed
air to the hold of the sunken ship went
also.
Hundreds of visitors were out to see the
attempt at raising the vessel, and different
excursion parties were scattered all over
the base of operations. Some were on tbe
wrecker Whitelaw, some were on the tug
Monarch, some were on the CataJina, and
a great many were on the hull of the
sunken vessel. When the hawsers parted
under tbe immense strain there was a
rush for safety. and a general counting of
heads followed. It toot over two hours
to get all the visitors on their various
camping grounds, and it was only then
that the supervisors found that no lives
had been lost and that the damages were
trifling.
The Whitelaw was the one that suffered
most. Two of her mooring bits were car
ried away under the strain, the decks
ripped up and the "samson," the strongest
pillar in the ship, was cut into. Not
only aid the cable cut into it, but it also
cut a bottle Jesse Moore whisky in two.
Ther. by hangs a tale.
"Tom" is Whitelaw's chief lieutenant,
and a better or more efficient man never
stepped in shoe-leather. What "Tom"
does not know about wrecking or raising a
ship Captain White Jaw will have to teach
him.. Last Saturday Tom "raised' the
bottle of whisky in question, and as every
body on board wanted to have a look at
the phenomenon it was a hard job to keep
it hid. Finally Whitelaw's chief deputy
put the bottle alongside the samson and
inside the hawsers. To protect it he placed
a three-inch plank on each side of the bot
tle and then retired confident. When the
Blairmore broke adrift yesterday Tom was
thoroughly disgusted and invited all hands
to take a drink. Everybody was only too
willing, but when the samson was reached
it was found that the steel hawser had not
only cut through the three-inch planks
and Tom's bottle of whisky, but also six
inches into the solid piece of hardwood.
When the attempt to raise the Blair
more began she was lying almost due east
and west. To-day she is lying almost due
north and south. Her bow is out ot water
at high tide and given a fair show she
should be in low water next Wednesday.
Every day it has been asserted that the
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
rai-inu' of the vessel would be accom
plished, but day after day some defect has
been found, and, of course, it takes time
to remedy mistakes. Yesterday, when
success seemed assured, the steel hawsers
parted like packthreads and the work of
weeks was wasted. The hawsers stood all
the strain the law allows, but then they
were not new hawsers — tbey had served
their time as "cables" on the Market-street
cable-road. They stood an enormous
pressure and probably did better than
most steel rope, but when the tide rip
struck the submerged ship, the wrecker
and the tug there was a snap, snap, and
everything was adrift, so to speak. The
Blairmore's nose being out of water and
the stern anchored in the mud she swung
around with the tide and took the scow
Catalina with her. The Whitelaw fol
lowed suit and tbe only vessel that held
her ground was the tug Monarch. Cap
tain Dan Thompson heard the first hawser
snap and he immediately prepared for an
emergency.
His engines were going full speed and
the firemen were shoveling a ton of coal
an hour into the furnaces. When the
crash came Captain Thompson was ready
for it and when the Whitelaw went flying
with the flood tide his boat held her
ground and attempted to stem the rush
that was carrying the sunken ship with it.
It was a failure, however, and the result
of yesterday's disaster will take at least
two days to overcome.
When work on the Blairmore ceased last
Saturday her stern had been raised over a
foot and the prospects of making a final
success were more than good. As the bow
was heading almost due west and in the
direction of the mooring off the Union
Iron Works it was necessary to raise the i
forward part of the ship before she could
be towed into shallow water. Accordingly
100 tens of sand was placed on the stern
of tlie ship to counteract the effect of the
air in the after hold.
The scheme worked well, and Captain
Burns' theory was demonstrated to be
correct. Yesterday morning at 9 o'clock
the Blairmore's forward ports were over
12 feet out of water and her capstan was in
full view. Good headway was made, and
the vessel was moved over 100 feet in a
short space of time. At tue most critical
time the stern sank, and in spite of the
best efforts of the tug and wrecker it
would not move. Captain Burns ordered
all the sand thrown off the stern and it
was done, but still the stern did not come
up. Then came the rip accompanying the
flood tide and parted the hawsers one
after another.
The trouble on the Whitelaw began early
in the morning. At 9a. m. the port bit on
the forecastle hea>l was pulled clear out of
its fastenings. An hour later the big bit
on the main deck on the starboard side
cracked and had to be braced in order to
stand the strain. Fore and aft the wrecker
was put to an enormous and unusual
strain and, barring t c few discrepancies
mentioned, she came out victorious. The
Whitelaw is really only half completed,
ami the showing she made is one that Cap
tain Whitelaw should be proud of.
Fully 500 craft of various kinds were out
to see the wreck yesterday. There were
rowboats, sailing-boats, steam launches,
scows, schooners, tugs and racing gigs.
Many of them were caught in the tide rip,
and in one or two cases there was nearly
a disaster. One boat turned over, but
luckily thee was only men in it and they
escaped with a ducking. A contingent
from the Mexican man-oi-war was on the
scene and they assisted in picking up the
men in the overturned boat.
When the Blairmore broke away from
the wrecker Whitelaw, Captain Burns
ordered the tug 6ea King sent to the scene
at once. Both she and the Monarch
towed on the sunken ship for an hour, but
making no impression on her, gave up the
attempt for the <lay.
The total result is, that the Blairmore
has been removed out of the bed she has
made for herself during the past two
months, and is now in a better position
than ever to De raised and repaired.
MANY LOOKING FOR
M. H. WILKINS
Woodmen of the World
Searching for the State
Organizer.
PREFER GRAVE CHARGES
Alleged That He Is a Defaulter
in Large Amounts of
Money.
EXPOSED AT A MEETING,
An Investigating Committee R' ported
That About Thirty Neighbors
Had Been Fleeced.
There has just come to light what, from
all accounts, is an almost unexampled
case of duplicity shown by one member of
a fraternal organization to his trusting
and unsuspicious brethren. What brings
the case so much into prominence is the
high standing of the persons involved,
and the high official position of the man
against whom the charge is made.
About eight months ago M. H. Wilkins
was appointed one of the State organizers
of the Woodmen ot the World, he having
previously served as consul commander of
Golden Gate Camp No. 64. About five
weeks ago charges were preferred against
him by one of the members on the ground
that he had received money under false
pretenses. An investigation was imme
diately made, and the matter was referred
to a proper committee. The result of the
committee's investigation has revealed
the fact, so it is charged, that Wilkins has
for some time been engaged in systemati
cally and scientifically defrauding the va
rious members, or "neighbors," as they
are calle i.
Investigation developed to the members
that on one pretext or other he had bi-'en
obtaining money under false pretenses
from certain of the neighbors, and that
the number of those victimized is about
twenty- tive or thirty. The bombshell was
exploded yesterday at a meeting of the
delegates to the head camp, which meets
at Helena, Montana, when one of the
neig bors. Dr. G. VV. Daywalt, rose and
explained to his colleagues that l,e had
not oniy discovered, along with many
others, that Wilkins had been defrauding
the neighbors of the order, but that he had
been using the prestige given him by ihe
Woodmen to ingratiate himself into the
confidence of those not members of the
order.
Every one of the sixteen delegates in
turn then arose and stated that at some
time or other Wilkins had either borrowed
or tried to borrow from 50 cents up to $100.
The small sums, they said, had been re
turned, but in no instance had any amount
exceeding $5 been returned.
The official investigations of the com
mittee disclosed the following facts:
First, that Wilkins has at various times
received initiation fees from those desiring
to become members and made no account
of the same to the camp.
Second, that about three months ago he
went to Dr. A. A. Stoneberger, who in not
a member, and told him that he was State
organizer of the Woodmen, was in rather
straitened circumstances and desired to
collect bills for him on a commission. He
was permitted to do this and sent in a re
port that he had collected about $35 and
would meet the doctor at a certain time
and place, and turn that amount, minus
the commission, over to him. Since that
time he has continually evaded meeting
Dr. Stoneberger, and all written requests
for him to turn the money over have been
in vain.
Dr. Stoneberger was seen at his resi
dence yesterday and fully confirmed the
truth of this matter.
Third, that lie worked the same trick on
Kavanaugh & Co. of 402 Third street.
They themselves, it is said, do not know
just how much he has collected for them,
but it is believed to be a considerable sum.
All efforts to bring him to terms in this
instance have proved futile.
Fourth, that on the strength of his offi
cial position in the Woodmen he had ob
tained from President C. A. Davis of the
California Mutual Benefit Society a com
mission as acent or solicitor for that soci
ety some months ago. He obtained many
members, it is claimed, but never turned
in any fees r>aid by the new members. On
account of this a few weeks ago President
Davis took his commission from him : and
told him that if he heard of his obtaining
any more members he would prosecute
him.
Among the specific instances that may
be mentioned of Wilkins' crooked work
among his brethren in the lod^e is that of
Richard Fahy. contractor, residing at 514
Noe street. \Vilkins went to see him sev
eral times and importuned him for money
on some pretense or other. In this in
stance he was unsuccessful.
About a year ago he borrowed some
sixty odd dollars from J. VV. Stanheart
and Dr. G. VV. Daywalt. He pretended
to have received about $:'.OO worth of por
trait work and that he did not have money
to bay the material. Stanheart after
ward found out that his representations
were entirely false and acquainted Day
walt with the fact. The money has never
been recovered.
Dr. Daywalt was seen at his offices in
the Murphy building yesterday. He said
the sum was trifling and he should have
paid no attention to it, as he thought at
the time the man was in hard luck, but
lately he had discovered that the man had
been fleecing others and thought it time
to stop him.
Wilkins, it is said, also took an active
part in organizing White Rose Circle No.
1, a woman's adjunct of the Woodmen.
On account of his activity he was elected
treasurer. When it was believed that a
larce enough amount of money had accu
mulated to meet expenses Wilkins was
asked for the money, but no amount of
persuasion could make him produce it.
As a result the circle was obliged to dis
band,
It was also stated by one of the members
of the delegation yesterday that Wilkins
has recently been associated with Dr. Hal
pruner in his idealistic co-operative San
Jose Railroad scheme, and had managed
to fleece him too.
The delegation decided that immediate
action was necessary, and a telegram was
sent to the head office at Denver advising
that his commission as State organizer for
the Woodmen be canceled at once. It was
also decided that action be^ taken with re
gard to hie expulsion Jrom Golden Gate
Camp next Wednesday evening.
Kavanaugh Brothors, it is said, have
been trying to fiad Wilkins for ten days.
If he is found he wili be arrested at once.
As no one has seen him for several days it
is believed that he has absconded.
CAST OUT VERY YOUNG.
Policeman Ennis Finds a New-Born
Babe on His Boat.
Out at Bay View, under the sheltering
cover of a projecting rock, at 8 o'clock
yesterday morning, Officer Ennis of the
South San Francisco station found a little
bundle neatly wrapped up. On examina
tion the contents were found to be the body
of a new-born male infant. Life was still
recognizable in the feeble pulsation.
The officer picked up his find and re
turned to the station, where Dr. McLaugh
lin was called In to do what he could for
the little waif.
An examination showed that the child
had been but recently ushered into the
land of the living, but that in his opinion
it would go out almost as hurriedly as it
had come in. He gave no hopes that the
infant would live any length of time in
consequence of the exposure and the
cruelty of its unnatural molher.
It was taken to the Infants' Shelter.
The police have no clew as to who placed
the infant where the officer found it.
Loans on watches, jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Ur&ut avenue.
NEWS OF THE
WATER FRONT.
Distribution of the El
Campo Rowing Regatta
Prizes.
OARS, CUPS AND MEDALS
Two of the Races Were Won
by the Stockton Athletic
Association.
THE ARRIVAL OF THE PARA
Transfer Agents Not Permitted on
the Wharf Make Threats.
Death of a Waiter.
An informal reception was held yester
day afternoon at the South End Rowing
Clubhouse, foot of Third street. It was
the occasion of the distribution of the
prizes won at the regatta which came off
at El Campo May 30. The hrst prize was
a gold medal, given to A. G. Brown of the
Stockton Athletic Association, winner of
the junior single-scull race. A gold medal
was given to the winner of the junior out
rigger skiff, Fred W. Ayers of the Ala
meda BoaMng and Swimming Club. A
pair of sculls was awarded William Mc-
Causland of the Ariel Rowing Club, the
victor of the senior single-scull race. For
the senior outrigger skiff contest the first
prize of a gold medal was given to James
Wilson, and a beautiful pictured mirror
for tlie second prize to Robert Ellis, both
men of the Ariel Rowing Club.
A gold medal was given to the four
oared barge of the Stockton Athletic Asso
ciation, of which the following are the
crew:
I Thomas Carkeek, bow; C. A. Spencer, for
ward waist; H. A. Sv.-ift, atter waist; C. Davis,
stroke; William Dolan, coxswain.
For the second t.rize of the same race a
silver medal was given the following South
End crew :
A. Haines, bow; Mat Breea, forward waist;
James Pallas, after waist, J. E. Scully, stroke;
George McGrill, coxswain.
In the senior four-oared barge race a gold
medal was eiven to the following South
End crew:
Henry Bode, bow; Robert Macarthur, for
ward waist; Gus Carson, after waist; Frank
Duplissea, stroke; George McGrill, coxswain.
The first prize of a silver cup, given by
James D. Phelan, was awarded to Com
pany C barge of the League of the Cross,
winners of the special race. The crew are
as follows:
Robert Canning, bow; John O'Nell, forward
waist; Harry Smith, after waist; Edward
Fitzgerald, stroke; James Geran, coxswain.
The second prize of a silver cup, given
by Thomas Ashworth, was awarded Com
pany L, crew of the league. They were as
follows:
Joseph Foley, bow; John Burns, forward
waist; James Fegau, after waist; William
Clark, stroke; Fred Lane, coxswain.
After the presentation of the prizes re
freshments were served to the visiting rep
resentatives of other ciubs, and several
races were pulled between different South
End crews.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of Para
arrived yesterday afternoon from Panama
and way ports with the following cabin
passengers:
Dr. C. H. Beck, Antonio Astunas and wife, C.
A. Bodwell Jr., H. Bums, Mrs. P. de Corzo and
son, John Dowdell, J. 11. Donnely, L. Doyle, C.
Escobar, Q. M. Galloway, W. \V. Houghton, M.
Jimenez and family, Charles Mannintf and
wife, Mrs. A. Morrison, Miss Helen Morris,
T. R. Middargh, L. Pinißßtia and wife, J. Z.
Posodas, E. Rand, Juan Seymour, A. J. Suther
land, N. W. Talmadge, Stephen Taylor, Mrs. J.
Cuderwood, Mrs. 11. H. Wharton and son.
Antonio Astunas, Charles Manning and
J. Z. Posodas are wealthy Central Ameri
can coffee planters visiting this country
on business. O. M. Galloway is a rictj
East Indian merchant en route to Cal
cutta.
Frank Lyncli, a waiter belonging to tha
vessei, died last Monday and was buried
at sea.
The officers of the Para report that they
left the United States steamer Alert at
Acapulco. The vessel was preparing to
sail for San D>sro en route for this Dort.
The P:ira upon her arrival dropped an
chor off Lombard-street wharf, and her
passengers and their baggage were landed
on that dock. The door leading to the
wharf was closed against the transfer and
express runners and the nsual outcry took
place. Large round threats were made
against Morton's men, who were accorded
certain privilege-", but as the police officers
hustled the angry crowds quite lively no
blows were struct
The Aim tuna Club.
TheAltaGun Club held its weekly shoot at
the Seven-nnle House at 25 blue rocks, and
made the following scores: Golden 17, Buss
15, Nunan 11, Kiiecky 13, Dwyer IG. Ganzert
9. Walpert.l9, Cull 21, Pearson 14, J. Dwyer
12, Sweeney 15, Robertson 7, J. Nuuan 13,
Nunan 10.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
rniCDLAIIDL"R.<iOTTLOD«G?- u»t3AnonAriAatß4"-
ASOTIIER T night.
FIRST PRODUCTION
Of the Lyceum Theater's best play,
"THE CHARITY BALL"
BY THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
The Only Perfect Dramatic Organization
in America,
Presented in Magnilicrnt Style
With the Entire Cast:
MR. T. DAM.-.1. IKA\V':.KV,
MR. FRANK WORTHING,
MB. HARK V UOKBON CLARKE,
MR. MACKIjYX AKBUCKLE,
MR. GEURGE BOSWI !i.
MR. GEORGE W. LE.SLIK,
MR. WILSON ENOS,
Including: MR. PRANK THOMPSON,
LITTLE MILDRED,
THOMAS PHILLIPS,
MISS MAXIXK ELLFOTT,
MISS BLANCHE BA-TES,
Miss HOPE ROSS.
MISS MADGE CARR COOK,
MISS PHOSA McALLISTKB,
MISS GERTRUDE BKKKELEY.
Monday. June 84, "LORD CHUML.EY."
ALHAYMAN & COS THEATERS.
„ 1 BEGINNING
I 1 — "T BEGINNING
fi /-..inc. .| TO-NIGHT.
Baldwin -k-J
I I I, AST "WEEK
Of the Distinguished Comedian,
:kt.a.t €d. good vy no*
And His Superb Company, Presenting
Henry Guy Carieton's Brilliant Comedy Success,
Monday, June 82-MB. JOHN I>Ki:W
In -THE SQUIRE OF DAMES."
L ■ BEGINNING
A. ATTHE . TO-NIG HI .
CALIFORNIA .^T™™,.
TH^STAR DIUM4T J C STOCK CO.
Under the direction of L. R. stock well,
Presenting, for the First Time in This City, tha
New York Lyceum Theater Success
"THE HOME SbCHETARY."
SPECIAL 81'JIMKK PRICES:
Evening— lsc. 25c, :s;><•. sOc and 75c.
A Good Reserved Seat on the Lower luor for 60a
Matinees— 25c and 50c— No Higher. ■
Next Monday "THE GREY MARE."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. JinsiaiixK Khklinii, .Proprietor it .\tao;i;«
THE TALK OF THE TOWN.
EVERY EVENING. — —
The Greatest Musical Triumph of the
Season.
Delllnger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
I_iOPlPl-A.I3SrEi
"A STORY OF COURT AND CAMP."
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
MONDAY EVENING JUNE 23.
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE.
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON!"
Pooular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WAU'KK MOROSUO, Sole Lessee and M»ii»{-k
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
W. J. Thompson's Ever Popular
"NEW YORK DAY BY DAY!"
DO NOT FA I TO SEE
LESLIE MOKOSCO
In the Famous Role of "Rags."
XVKNiNfi Pbickj— 2sc and 5 Jo.
family Circle and Gallerr. 10a
Usual Sia.viuee.Hi Saturday ana Sandtr. j
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PowelL
Week Commencing Monday, June l.~itrt t
Notable Addition* In a Strong mil !
MABLO-B SHAM FAMILY.
Marvelous Aerial Artists, Six In Number.
i LAUi:K.NCE AND HARRINGTON—
BIEKRS BKO«. PAPINTA.
THE VITASCOI'E.
Ocean Wave. Corbett-Courtney Fight, and Other
New Subjects. 28— Great Artists— 2B
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
and Box seats, 50c.
A
J^* /^\LCAZAR
To-night— Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and
■Sunday— -TH .4 LITTLE DETECTIVE"— AMY
LEE. FRANK D ».\NI". and New Company.
Prices— loc, 16c, 35c and 50c. Best seats.
Matinees— loc, 15c, 25c. Icecream anil Cake at
the "Wednesday Pop."
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between Polk and Van Ness Avenue.
W.VI. E. JOHNS Lessee and Manager.
OPENING ATTRACTION.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
Commencing Saturday Evening, June 20,
■ Ami Every Evening and Saturday Matinee,
America's Representative Irish Comedian,
dan McCarthy,
IN THE
CRUISKEEN LAWN,
Supported by •
MISS LOU RIPLET
And the Park Theater Dramatic Company, direct
from New York.
A GRAND SCENIC PRODUCTION.
Popular prices— loc, 15c and 35c.
Next production, "T.ie Pride of Mayo."
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. M. to 11 P. M. .
MAJOR ROBim> T .lhe~ln.stralian Midget
Clown and Tight-rope Artists every afternoon
and evening. , .
GENEItAL ADMISSION—
Adults. lOc — — — Children, sc.
SATURDAY, June £0— Honorary School Chil-
dren's Day. '
THE CHUTES.
OPEN ONLY SATURDAY AND BUNDAY .
AFTERNOONS AND EVENINGS until
completion of improvements,
Unless Otherwise Specially Stated.
78
FOR MURDERING
HER OWN INFANT
Mrs. M. Zeiger Accused of
Strangling a New-
Born Baby.
IS NOW UNDER ARREST.
The Detectives Are Hunting for
Her Male Accom
plice.
HER HUSBAND THE ACCUSER.
He Says Henry Sutter Disposed of
the Body After the Mother
Killed Her Child.'
Confined in the City Prison is a young
woman, Mrs. Martha Zeiger by name,
whom the police arrested on Friday night
for murdering her baby scarce three days
old. According to their inforrk*ation she
strangled the infant to death on last De
cember 7or 8. The horrible crime is said
to have been committed in room 25 of a
house at 32 Fourth street.
The woman will no doubt b« charged
with murder as soon as the detectives can
arrest Henry Sutter, who is said to be an
accomplice, inasmuch as he disposed of
tne little dead body after the inhuman
mother had accomplished the fiendish
deed. Sutter keeps a milk and butter store
at 1030 Howard street, but since the arrest
of the woman the police have not been able
to find him al his place of business.
Mrs. Zeiger was found on Friday even
ing by Detective Dillon and Officer Ryan
in the Thalia concert-hall, an underground
melodian on Market and Turk streets,
fc-'he was quietly removed to the City
Prison and placed in one of tne "tanfcs,"
where she could not communicate with
the outside world and warn her consort
that the crime had been discovered. That
he did receive a warning of some kind is
apparent from the fact that his where
abouts could not be ascertained by the
police and detectives, who are only too
anxious to place him also behind the bars
of the City Prison.
That the crime was committed by a
woman who long since lost all compre
hension of mora'ity does not rob it of its
hideousness. Who was the father of the
little strangled baby does not appear in
the evidence in the possession of the po
lice.
Mrs. Zeiger is the wife of Henry Zeiger,
a cook in the Berliner Koscher Kitchen
at 334 Bush street, but according to the
husband's story she has for several years
past been very careless in her association
with strange men.
It was at the husband's instigation that
the woman was arrested. He said that
she had confessed to him that she had
choked the baby to death and afterwards
offered him $50 to keep the crime from
being made public. In the husband's
mind revenge lormed no small factor in
the part he played in informing the police
of the infanticide. Last night he told to
a Call reporter the story of his married
life and of tbe woman's crime. His voice
was harsh with bitterness as he said:
'•My wife will be charged with murder
in a day or two. She admitted to me that
Bhe strangled to dearth her new-born
baby on December 7, 1395, in a house at
o2 Fourth street. I want to see the
woman punished for her crime and don't
care for how long a term she will be sent
to prison.''
The thought that the gallows would be
her fate if convicted of child murder did
not seem to trouble the husband in the
least; she deserved it he said. The story
of their married life and of the crime
Zeiger told in a disconnected manner, but
in substance as follows:
"I married my wife in Leipsig, Germany,
in 1892, and for a while we lived happily
together. About a year later we came to
this country, when I at first made a living
as a baker. Later on we move ito Nevada
City, where 1 found a profitable position
in a mine. It was there that my wife be
came acquainted with a wealthy Chinese.
and in June. 1595, she left me suddenly to
go with her new love.
"After a while I discovered that she had
gone tofian Francisco, so I came here, too,
and met her at the Hackmeyer Hotel on
EJdy street. I had to pay her board bill
in this hotel, which amounted to $17.
"As I had to settle some business in
Nevada City I went back there, but re
turned to San Francisco on July 17. I for
gave my wife for her folly and we went to
live at the x"osemite House on Market
street and I went to work in Schwamm'a
butcher-shop on Sixth street.
"For a time all went well, but by and by
my wife became dissatisfied with tbe liv
ing I was making for her and ?he left me
again and went to live at 11 Taylor street.
While there she was arrested for being on
the streets too late at night, and for some
reason she caused my arrest for vagrancy,
claiming that she was supporting me. I
was sentenced to six months' imprison
ment upon her testimony and I was re
leased on March 15.
"One day soon after I met her and asked
her what had become of the baby, and she
told me that it had never lived. I did not
believe her. About three weeks ago I met
a cousin of mine and also this man Suiter.
They told me that the child was born on
December?. Sutter told me that my wife
had kept tbe infant for three days, and
afterward removed it from the house.
"When I confronted my wife with these
facts a few days later she admitted their
truth, and finally confessed that she had
strangled it tc death upon the instigation
of this man Sutter. She said that Sutter
removed the body on tbe same day of the
murder, but she did not know where he
had put it.
"I informed the police, and the arrest of
my wife followed. Only a few days ago
she offered me $50 if I would keep the
matter quiet. At the time of her arrest
the offered money to tha detectives if they
would let her go.
"My wife is only 31 years old. Her
mother lives in Germany. Yes, I want to
see my wife punished for her crime."
Zeiger stated that his wile bad been
keeping company with another man who
works in one of the sugar refineries.
Meanwhile the detectives are hunting
in all directions for the man Sutter, and
when he is caught both will, without
doubt, be charged with murder.
. Robbed Their. Companion.
George Hastings, a carriage-trimmer, and
Fred Butterfield, a carpenter, were booked at
the Central station last night on a charge of
robbery. The complaining witness is William
Herbert. The three men had been together
all afternoon Jrinking steam beer and en
joying themselves in other ways. Herbert dis
played considerable money, which seemed to
excite the envy of his companions. They
parted company about G o'clock, Herbert go
ing out Natoma street. At the corner of
Eighth street Hastings and Butterfield caught
up with him and without any warning at
tacked him savagely. They secured but 25
cents, however, as Herbert kept a tight grip on
tne pocket containing the money which lie
had so unwisely displayed. A gathering
crowd caused the men to leave their victim
earlier than they hoped. They ran up Eighth
street to Market and down that thoroughfare
to Jones. Just as they reached the corner
Officers Brophv and Harten chanced to be pass
ing, going In the direction of the City HalL A
boy who had followed the men told the officers
of the robbery and they at once placed them
under arrest.
TRIED TO HANG HIMSELF.
attempted Suicide of a Patient in the
Receiving Hospital.
Currie Aitken, who lives at 33 Canada
street, was taken from the Harbor Police
Station to the Receiving Hospital yester
day morning suffering from delirium tre
mens and placed in a padded cell.
About an hour later Dr. Weil while pass
ing the cell happened to look through the
small hole in the door and saw Aitken
nearly strangled to death. Aitken had
tied a handkerchief tightly round his neck
and then tied the ends to a hole in the
leather Daddine about as high as he could
reach. He bore the whole of his weight
upon the handkerchief and was turning
black in the face when the doctor discov
ered him. The doctor quickly opened the
cell door and cut Aitken down. The straps
were then put upon Aitken so that he
could not make another attempt.
A STRIKE WAS AVERTED
Modern Methods Nearly Cause a
Walk-Out in the Columbian
Woolen-Mills.
S. N. Wood & Co. Discharge Eight
Employes and the Rest Are
Still at Work.
The 200 employes of S. N. Wood <fc Co.,
proprietors of the Columbian Woolen-mills
on Market street, threatened to strike a
day or two ago, and the difficulty has just
been settled.
Mr. Wood returned a short time ago
from an eight months' business trip to
New York, where the company has estab
lished a large branch house, and the whole
difficulty seems to have arisen from the
desire of the firm to ii.^roduce modern
methods of supervision among its em
ployes.
Mr. Wood explained the difficulty yes
terday afternoon, as follows: "Among the
Eastern clothing manufacturers they have
a superintendent, whereas here we have
had the work looked after by a foreman,
who also did some manual labor. We de
sired to try the plan here, and tour old
foreman, Sir. Locks, was made superin
tendent, and another employe, a faithful
cripple, was advanced to the vacancy. We
have always given the foreman considera
ble power, supposing that things would
run along more smoothly.
"Tbe change was not popular among the
help, 1 ' continued Mr. Wood, "for some
reason, and we reclived a petition from
the employes stating that they preferred
to have Foreman Lock 3 back in his old po
sition, and that they thought they couid
get along better under him. If he waa not
put back in his old position they threat
ened to strike. This was last Tuesday,
and they gave us till Wednesday noon to
decide.
"I learned," continued Mr. Wood, "who
got up the petition. It was a girl named
Maggie Simon. She and seven or eight
others were immediately discharged, with
instructions never to readmit them to our
employ. Three of our best men — Mr.
Fine, a baster, Mr. Gradman, an operator,
and Mr. Sommer, a baster — were among
those released.
"We found that we could get plenty of
help to take the places of all those let out.
While the others had signed the petition,
it was subsequently noticed that, though
little Maggie Simon had drawn it up, for
the reason that she v.'as best qualified to
do so, sne had not signed it, and though
she was at first discharged we have taken
her back. No change has been made as
was demanded by the petition, and the
only ones who are not still in our employ
are the seven or eight men. Some of the
employes, perhaps, had an idea that we
couid not get along without them," con
cluded Mr. Wood.
RIFLED A TOOLHOUSE
Two Men Arrested Early Yester
day Morning on Masonic
Avenue.
They Had a Wfgon-Load of Tools
Piled Up Outside When Caught
by the Police.
An important capture was made by
Policeman J. Durkin and Special Officer
J. C. Moriarity about 3 o'clock yesterday
morning on Masonic avenue, between
Haight and Waller streets. They arrested
two men, George H. Callinan, a teamster,
and Daniel Mattocks, a machinist, on the
charge of burglary.
There is a toolhouse at the place men
tioned owned by Cranston & Keenan,
builders, 1550 Page street, it was tilled
with toolß belonging to their men.
About 3 o'clock yesterday morning
Moriarity saw two men at the toolhouse,
and as complaints had Been frequently
made to the police of tools and other arti
cles being stolen from outhouses
and toolhouses in that locality, he
decided that th« men were there for
no good purpose. When questioned,
they said they were Jooking for a
place to sleep in. Moriarity marched
them to Height street and whistled for
Durkin. He told Durkin ho had found
the two men at the toolhouse, but he did
not think they had taken anything. Dur
kin asked him if lie had searched them.
and Moriarity said he had not. Durkin
then searched Callinan and found a re
volver in his hip-pocket, so an additional
charge of carrying a concealed weapon
was made against him.
Durkin rang for the patrol wagon and
the two men were sent .to the City Prison.
Then Durkin with Moriarity went back to
the toolhouse and they found that a wagon
load of tools had been piled up outside,
ready to be carted away. Among the tools
were 17 saws, 8 spirit-levels, 11 planes, 4
sets of bits, 6 hatchets, 7 hammers, 6
squares, 4 drawing-knives, 8 screwdrivers,
5 braces, 8 compasses, 10 chisels and a
number of others.
An examination showed that two of the
boards had been forced open from one of
the sides of the house, through which one
of the men had crawled and handed tbe
tools to his confederate, who stood outside
and piled them together.
The police will inquire into the records
ol the two men. At present nothing is
known about them.
At St. Patrick's School.
Closing exercises at Bt. Patrick's School will
be held at St. Vincent's School Hall, Mission
street, this afternoon, at 1:30 o'clock,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
MARKSMEN AND
THEIR RECORDS
The Day's Shooting on the
Shell Mound Rifle
Range.
COLUMBIA'S TOP SCORES.
An Animated Contest Between
S. Jacobson and Smith
Carr.
A HOT MATCH FOR A DINNER.
Company C's Picked Team Wins the
Fifty-Shot Match— Pistol Shoot
ers Increasing.
Several years ago an oid mountaineer,
who had killed all kinds of game with his
heavy-barrel Kentucky pea-shooter, was
critically examining a new magazine rifle,
A. B. Dorrcll of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, Who Recently Bunched Ten
Shots in a Three-Inch Circle at Fifty Yards With a Pistol.
[From a photograph.]
from which fifteen shots could be fired in
half a minute. At last he handed it back
with the remark: "As a lead-pump I
guess this here machine is all right, but if
a feller gets in one good killin' shot yer
don't need the other fourteen. If he don't,
its 10 ter 1 yer game gets away."
There are many who profess to scorn the
single-shot rifle for general use, claiming
that it is not serviceable for anything but
target use. Its admirers, however, like
the old hunter, keep banging away in
order to get In that one shot just where
they want it and whenever they want it.
This requires patience and study. Judg
ing from the large number of riflemen at
the Shell Mound rifle-range yesterday one
would think that a large portion of the
population is given to this study.
In some respects the day was good for
the sport; in others it was bad. At times
the light was excellent, but at other times
it was bad. Nearly all noticed an oppres
siveness that neither came from light nor
heat. It simply existed. For all this a
number of excellent scores were made
with rifle and pistol.
The Columbia Pistol and Eifie Club's
members turned out in goodly numbers,
several attending from Mt. Eden. On
the rifle ran^-e a number of tine scores
were made, particularly in the three-shot
Unfred diamond medal match. Bur
feind's be3f score (CoJumliia target) was
2, 4, 2—8. He was tied by McLaughlin
with 5, 1. 3—B. On the military medal
match target, Creed njore count)
F. 0. Young carried off the honors witn 45
out of 50. Young was also high on |b*
ten-shot record medal match oh 51. The
rifle scores were as !ollows:
Target rifle, Unfred me'lal, three ihota— D«
■W. McLaughlin 8, H. if. J'.urf< ; lnri 8, P. O-
Young 13, J)r. L. 0. BodtMl M.
Military rifl<\ Ulirul^rmanu medal, tcnuhots
— F. O. Young 45, J. P. Bean 40, J. Merer :iB.
Rifle record, tea shoU— F. K. Mason 84, K. O.
Young 51.
Champion clang, for member* only— D. W.
McLaUKhlin 56, F. O. Young 09, hr. 1,. Jt.
Rodgers 70, A. H. Burfelnd 82, I. Bohr 117.
Fir?t class— O. A. JJreriier 77, A. H. I>orrell 85,
H. R. Crave 86, F. E. Mason 91, F. Jiuumgan
ner 99.
Second class— J. K. Gorman 90, F. Dcnnli
119, A. 11. Hesse 144, W. F. Unfred ISS.
One of the most enthusiastic 22-calib«?r
rifle s-hnts is E. Jacobson, and b« became
so proficient with the little rifle :it fifty
yards that he waa anxious for a match,
Smith Carr preferred. He wanted to meet
the latter because Carr is in the front ranks
in this style of shooting. The two met on
the ran^e yesterday, and in a short time
they arranged a small purse on a 50-shot
contest. There was great interest mani
fested in the event. For a lime it looked
as though Carr was going to win, but
Jacobson on his last string succeeded in
hitting the inch center fiveout of ten times
and pulled out 12 points ahead, as seen by
the annexed scores:
K. Jacobson .6 22322232 3— 27
3 1 6 2 2 4 2 2 2 2— 20
138312183 5-27
133348213 3- 26
114 11412 2 3-20
126
S. Carr 2 18 114 3- 21
3 5 4 'i 2 4 2 3 4— 31
2 5 5 2 3 2 2 12 1—25
12 6 15 4 2 2 12— 26
303612164 2— 32
188
The markers on the 50-yard pistol range
■were kept busy all day, for beside the reg
ular record contests there were a number
of new members at practice. Even in their
brief experience the new additions to tne
club give promise of becoming fine shots
who will worry the older men. The pistol
records were as follows:
Champion class, ten shots— E. Gorman 42,
C. M. Daiss 60, F. O. Young 64.
First class, ten shots — Dr. L. O. Rodgers 54,
F. Baumpartner 62, M. J. White 67, F. Dennis
i 79, A. B. Dorrell 81, D. W. McLaus;hlin 105.
I • Second class, ten shots— E. Jacobson 55, F. E.
Mason 65, Dr. Robertson 106, O. A. Bremer
113, A. H. Hesse 141, W. Unfred 169.
Pistol, Blanding medal, open to all competi
tors, three shots— C. M. miss B—l2, J. E. Gor
man 10—11, F. O. Young 16—18, Dr. L. O.
Rodgers 14—16.
Tbe members of Troop A of the cavalry
have recently awakened to the fact that
there is considerable sport in pistol prac
tice. Besides their regulations compel
them to do a certain amount of target
shooting. These boys, however, use the
Colt's 45 army revolver and they shoot on
the old Blount target. In practice yester
day the following scores were made out of
a possible 50:
Bennett 20, Jenks 39. ClarK 34, Pierre 35,
Hahn 31, De Graaff 29, MclK'rmott 32, Bayes
25, Elfenaahl 36, Ileanan 33, Baker 2, Moore
11, Barnett 22, Rummell IS, Rennemann 33,
Kobinson 35, Reno 15, Armstrong 31, Sparr 29,
Morelll 30, Gottschalk 22.
A large number of military marksmen
were out and the most interesting feature
in this line was a 50-shot match between
two teams of eight men each from com
panies C and G of the Nationals, the los
ing team to pay for a dinner. The con
test was spirited, but G's men will have to
pay for the dinner, as seen by the annexed
scores:
Company C:
C. E. Goodell 43 41 44 42 42—212
J Smlthson 4145 44 4146—217
H. T. Hicks .' 39 43 43 41 42— 'MS
Chris Mever 45 44 45 47 44— 223
E. K. Parmelee 42 42 42 41 43—310
A. 11. Kennedy 40 45 42 44 44-216
Captain J. W. Dumbrell 46 40 41 42 40-208
a F. Waltham 42 46 45 47 47-226
Grand total 1721
Company G:
T. J. Povey 39 40 44 41 39-203
J. F. Norton.. ..40 39 40 43 40—202
W. L. Fenn 44 43 44 41 43-215
P.M. Diers 43 43 44 42 44-216
A. E. Anderson 44 43 44 44 43-218
W. B. Larklns 37 40 43 42 41—^03
Captain K. C. Sutliffe 42 41 42 41 41—207
C. E. Thompson 41 44 42 40 42—209
Grand total 1673
Following are the scores made by the
military marksmen on their monthly
medal and practice shoots:
I Companies C and G— Howe 28, R. Dunbar37,
C. W; Miller 29. D. A. Conroy 29, W. Menzel 35.
A. Martin 17, J. Gillis 42. A. B. Nelson 20, Hoi
comb 41, Y. McG'ilvery 33, Butler 28, I'etty 29,
J. N. Ross 30, P. J. Newman 37, A. R. Vaughn
40, H. R. Hicks 43, J. A. Christie 35, V. F. Nor
throp 41, W. H. Shaw 15. G. T. Phelps 33, E. P.
Phillips 20, W. G. Lane 39, 11. W. Quitzow Jr.
19. W. Williams 31, C. P. Hirst 32,
A. W. Ray 19. S. L. Holt 33, J. B.
BwlUei S3, 11. G. Eddy 32, J. H. Me-
Knight 39, H. J. Musgrave 38, T. F. Carson 40,
R. J. Dowdall 38, W. M. Brown 40, J. Norton
39, P. Lamcke 21, P. Bohr 39, H. A. Moenning
20, P. 1). Butts 41, W. F. Unfred 41. W. N.
Swasey 31, E. E. I'almley 42, A. H. Jaques 34,
Macey 37, P. M. Diers 43, W. L. Fenn 43, W. B.
Larkins 42, Chris Meyer 47, A. E. Anderson 44,
J. Smithson 41, F. J. Povey 39, C. E. Goodell44.
Independent Corporal J. J. Staude 40,
H. Staude 41, J. H. Kahlke 35, Tonnemacher
34, Schlichtinann 31, Surgeon F. T. Bond 27,
Lieutenant E. Moenninsr 23. Corporal C.
Schneider 22, J. Faltinger 22, H. Frederickson
19, P. D. Butt 12, A. Beckmann 11, M. J.
Schwab7, C. L. \Voest7, Hilsz 4, BramsteadtS.
Company A— Tait 42, Magell 42, Captain
Poulter 42, Ernest 40, Little 41, Patrey 27,
McCormick 42, A. Jahnigen 34, Perry 23,
Juniper 22.
Company M. practice— Lieutenant Hogan
39, Corporal Olmstead 25, Sergeant Kihn 17,
Coffey 35, G. Buhlinger 35, W. F. Buhlinger
30, Kelly 20, Lyons 29, Adams 21, Jordan 32,
Nutter 28, Bell 30, Childs 13.
Company F, practice— Sergeant C. C. Covalt
44, Sergeant U. E. Harvey 42, Sergeant J. D.
Kennedy 40, Lieutenant Wenk 40, P. F. John
son 39, J. Maginnis 39, Captain Wethern 38,
L. E. Darling 38, G. C. Hanson 36, E. P. Welle
35. J. Barker 35, W. E. Blakely 29, J.;H. Bar
ker 23, Whaite 25, Morse 36, H. Parsons 34,
C. R. Grilltn 27, A. N. Brewis 15. E. A. Wil
liams 15, Schulize 33, Corporal Stutt 26, Cor
poral A. W. Blakeley 20, R. Smudge 33, J. J.
Hwanson 34, C. W. Scott 10, Harford 31 R.
Hanson 28, H. H. Clarke 19, C. A. dough 39,
S. A Blakeley 13, F. Miller 37, P. H. Bray 36,
W. W. Rowo 34, V. R. Carter 7, 11. M.Terrill 12.
The prize shoot of the Norddeutscher
Rchnetzen Club, three shots to a score, on
the German 25-ring target, resulted in the
following marksmen winning prizes, scores
attached :
First prize, F. Rust 68 points; second, W.
Glinderrnan 05; third, V. B. Schuster 62;
fourth, L. N. Ritzau G'J; fifth, J Lankenau 59;
alxth, J. Petcr» sß; seventh, J. 11. Schroder 88;
eighth,.!. U. Heise 57; ninth, H. Thode 50;
tenth, 11. Helbcrg 50; eleventh, George Pein
M: twelfth, J. Gefkin 54; thirteenth, H.
Ilcfith 54: fourteenth, Alf Meyer 54; fifteenth,
L Rrnnes3; sixteenth, H. Huber 53; seven
tennth, 11. Ktelling 52; eighteenth, H. Bur-
Jein<l . r >2; nineteenth, O. Lemcke 50; twen
tieth, I), yon <ler Mehdcn 50.
Annexed are the winners in the Ger
rriunirt Schuetzen Club's monthly medal
shoot, German 25-ring target :
Champion class, Dr. L. Rodjrers 429 Tings;
flm clans, O. Alpers 418; third class, 11. Bur
feiud42o: first best shot, C. Thierbach 24;
labt U-st §hot, A. Jungblutt 25.
CARLYLE ON BEGGARS.
C'harhy Devoted in That Direction
IVa» to Mis Idea a Waste.
Sir Henry Parkes and Thomas Carlyle,
as is well "known, were intimate friends
and correspondents. In one of a series of
letters published in the Sydney Morning
Herald is the following passage: "One
Sunday afternoon I waa walking witn
Thomas Carlyle from Chelsea to Grosvenor
Square, when I was accosted by a begging
child. I gave the child a sixpence, which
called forth a rebuke from the stern phil
osopher at my side.
" 'The other day,' said Carlyle, '1 was
asked for alms by a poor little weeping
girl. I bad a profound conviction that no
gift from me could benefit her; but I never
theless gave her some loose pence. After
walking a short distance I turned to see
what she did with herself, when I saw an
other bigger girl take the pence from her,
and beating her to make her cry for more.
It is of no use — it is worse — it is support
ing their tyrants to give to these chil
dren.' "
The Greenland whale is said to some
times reach the ace of 400 years.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. IB Grant avenue.
ACME RIDERS
MAKE FAST TIME
Speedy Road Race Over
the Fruitvale • Hay
wards Course.
WON BY G. WESTPHAL.
Olympic and Reliance Wheel
men's Joint Run to Wood
side.
TOURING IN MARIN COUNTY.
A Large Party of Ladies Wheel to
Camp Taylor on the Camera
Club Cyclists' Run.
The Acme Club Wheelmen held a 10-mile
road race from Fruitvale to Haywards
yesterday morning, and considering the
poor condition of the course the riders
made very fast time, the slowest man cov
ering the entire distance at a three-minute
gait, and most of them doin* it in from
27 to 28 minutes.
The race started promptly at 11 o'clock
and the ridera had very little wind to
favor them at that hour. In many places
the roadbed had been cut up, freshly
graveled or was inches deep in dust, and
the ride was therefore not a very pleasant
one for the contestants.
The race was won by G. Westphal, who
had 3 minutes' handicap. T. A.
Schleuter, with 2 minutes' allowances,
made the fastest time — 27 minutes and 32
seconds. P. M. Lefevre, who rode from
scratch, had a splendid chance of winning
both time and place prizes, but his rear
tire went flat about a mile from Hay
war ds, and he finished next to last with
Rose, another scratch man, who also had
a punctured tire.
The following table shows the positions
at finish, handicaps and net riding time:
The Olympic Club Wheelmen of this
City and the Reliance Club Wheelmen of
Oakland had a big joint run to Woodside,
San Mateo County, yesterday. They left
here at 9 a. m., arriving at Woodside about
1 o'clock, where a splendid lunch was j
served. The return trip was made by
train from Redwood City.
The largest party of ladies that ever
made the trip to Camp Taylor awheel was
that of the Camera Club Cyclists, who
journeyed to that point yesterday. There
were fully forty ladies and gentlemen on
the run. They toolt the 8 o'clock Sausalito
boat and train to San Anselmo, and rode I
from thert to Camp Taylor, where a
tempting lunch which had been prepared
in advance by the ladies was spread under
the shade of the redwoods by the Lagu
nitas creek. The return was made late in
the afternoon.
The entire distance traveled was fully |
twenty-five miles, which included the i
climb up and down White's Hill twice — a
hill that has often bothered many a strong
rider. Some of the ladies and gentlemen
who made the trip were: Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Albert Adams, Mr. and Mrs. Vic
tor D. Duboce, Mr. and Mrs. A. G. McFar
land, Mr. and Mrs. H. C. CantweL, Mr.
and Mrs. Kinney, Miss May F. Netterville,
Miss Dunne, Mrs. Webster and J. J. B.
Argenti, W. N. Brunt, H. C. Owens, F. W.
Zeile, C. Goodrun, George Burdick and H.
W. Spalding.
A number of the members of the Alpha
(ladies) Cycling Club, accompanied by
some of the gentlemen from the Califor
nias, also made the trip to Camp Taylor
and return, and Captain Beattie led a
large party of the Liberty Club to the same
place. Altogether, the Marin County
roads were well covered by the wheelmen
yesterday.
The Idea Bicycle Club had a run to the
park yesterday, in charge of Captain L.
Marks and Lieutenant £. J. Killilea.
The San Francisco Road Club members
went to Napa by boat Saturday night and
toured in uiat vicinity yesterday, return
ing by train last evening. The outing
proved very enjoyable.
Entries for the Imperial Cycling Club's
roaji race next Sunday close at the club
house to-night.
Extensive alterations are being made in
the clubhouse of the Bay City Wheelmen on
Golden Gate avenue at present, and when
finished the club will nave as fine quarters
for a strictly cycling organization as any
west of Chicago. President Kerrigan
leaves in a few days for a month's vaca
tion, and will tour through tne State in
the interests of the League of American
Wheelmen, of which he is the chief consul.
Byron D. Bent of the Bay City Wheel
men will wheel to Los Aneeles next week,
vigitine Santa Monica, Catalina Island
and other interesting points in that vi
cinity. _____________
COURSING AT TWO PARKS.
California Violet Won the Stake
at Ocean View From
Nellie C.
Spinaway E2at Kitty Scott, a Little
Sister, in the Final at
Ingleside.
A large crowd of coursing enthusiasts of
the speculative type saw two excellent
stakes run at Ocean View Park yesterday,
the regular stake being followed by a con
solation in which the beaten dogs were
given a chance to retrieve their lost
honors.
The regular stake went to CaHforna Vio
let, the dog making a splendid showing
against the good hounds that ran against
him. The hares were, in the main, a game
lot and gave general satisfaction, as did
also the judging and) slipping. Follow
ing is the result of the run down:
M. Casserly's Violet beat J. Segerson's Gold
Hill, D. Chilla's Happy Day beat J. Sexsmith's
Mission Boy, Villa Kennel's Bonnie Lass beat
W. D. Murphy's Dashaway, T. Walton's Bobo
link beat J. Donnelly's Defender, J. Baxter's
Yankee Doodle beat Hayes Valley Kennel's
Sharkey, D. Toland's Twlli.ht beat J. T. Han
non's Marguerite, J. Segerson's White Cliief
beat W. Murphy's White Cloud, J. T. Hannon's
Snowbird beat S. Lehman's Tommy Hall, P.
Litter's Abbey Lasi beat P. Farrell's Jesse
Moore. S. Lehmtn's Nellie C. beat J. McCork
ell's Blue Jacket, J. Murphy's Red Light beat
E. Campbell's Cocktail, J. McDonald's Sea
Spray beat D. Toland's Lorine.
First ties— California Violet beat Happy Day,
Bonnie Lass beat Bobolink, Twilight beat
Yankee Doodle, White Chief beat Snowbird,
Nellie C beat Abbey Lass, Redlight beat Sea
Spray.
Second ties— California Violet beat Bonnie
Lass, Twilight beat White Chief, Nellie C beat
Redlight. „ ...
Third ties— California Violet beat Twilight,
Nellie C a bye.
Final— California Violet bea'. Nellie C.
Prizes— California Violet $20, Nellie C $14,
Twilight $10.
Judge, Ed Canovan; slipper, John Cranston.
The consolation was taken up at once,
the rundown resulting as follows:
Tommy Hall beat Yankee Doodle, Jack beat
Lady William, Happy Jack beat Bonnie Lass,
Mission Boy beat Snowbird, Marguerite beat
Blue Jacket.
First tics— Hominy Hall beat Jack, Happy
Day beat Mission Boy, Marguerite a bye.
Second ties— Marguerite beat Tommy Hall,
Happy Day a bye.
Final— Marguerite beat Happy Day.
On Sunday next a 32-dog stake at $1 per
dog, with $20 added by the management,
will be run. The drawing will take place
at 915 Market street on Thursday evening
next.
A good crowd attended the Ingleside
Park yesterday to witness the 32-dojj
stake arawn for that resort and saw Spin
away go through the card and win out
from his sister, Kitty Scott, with compara
tive ease.
The day was one of surprises, some of
the short ends winning at sto 10. Follow
ing is the result of the rundown:
J. Hurley's Jimmie Rix beat R. Mansfield's
Jimmie Hope, J. Wood's Mohawk beat M. Tray
nor's Whip Jr., R. Burfeind's Trix beat J.
Shea's Fearless, J. Bradshaw's Famous beat
Portal & Ilfiggerty's Laurel Leaf. J. Larkey's
Spinaway beat J. Cohen's Captain Jim, G.
Buehn's Belle Roche beat P. Ryan's Magpie, J.
Bradshaw's May Belle beat R. Mansfield's Ben.
F. Brown's Kilmore beat J. Dougherty's White
Brinr, Dillon & Riley's Queen B beat A. Mer
rill's Handspring. J. 'Larkey's True Blue beat
J. Shea's Active, T. Neenan's Regent beat F. C,
Mack's Ingleside, J. H. Rosseter's Kitty Bcott
beat J. 11. Perigo's Wee Lassie, J. H. Rosseter's
Alameda beat E. H. Mullaster's Lass-o'-Gowrie,
Cronin & McDonald's Reliance beat J. Moran's
Uncle Sam, Cronin & McDonald's Rosa B beat
J. E. Cohen's Living Yet, A. Merrill's Ben
Brush beat Cronin & McDonald's Billy B.
First ties— Mohawk beat Johnnie Rix, Fa
mous beat Trix, Spinaway beat Belle Roche,
Killmore beat May Belle, Queen B beat True
Blue, Kitty Scott beat Regent, Reliance beat
Alameda, Ben Brush beat Rosa B.
Second ties— Mohawk beat Famous, Spina
way beat Killmore, Kitty Scott beat Queen B,
Reliance beat Ben Brush.
Third ties— Spinaway beat Mohawk, Kitty
Scott beat Reliance.
Final— Spinaway beat Kitty Scott.
Judge, John Grace; slipper, James Qrace.
CRICKET ACROSS THE BAY
The Pacifies Have Added One
More to Their List of
Victories.
Poor Fielding the Main Feature of
the Match-A Practice Game
at Golden Gate.
The Pacific Cricket Club, which in the
Harrison cup contest of the season is
bracketed first with Alameda, scored an
other point at Alameda yesterday by de
feating the California team by seventeen
runs on the first innings.
Going first to bat, the Pacifies compiled
the comfortable total of 138 runs. John
Theobald, with a well-earned 44, Cassidy
and Wise were the main contributors to
the score. Guild bowled very efficiently
for the out team, getting 6 wickets for 45,
but the fielding on the whole was loose.
A like criticism applies to the Pacifies
when their place at the wickets waa taken
by their opponents. Indeed, when Hear
iield and Gellatly went in first and began
to put up runs in lively succession the re
sult of the match was a matter of wild
speculation. The former's innings of 53
was quite the feature of the match. But
in the end the bowling of l'ocock, Casidy
and Harbour prevailed, with the result
above stated.
To play out time the Pacifies went in
again and compiled a merry 95, for a loss
of 5 wickets. The score :
PACTFICS— FIBBT IVNIJTOS.
G. B. Wise c. Townsley b. Guild.; 24
Ci. Theobald c. Uellatly D. Guild «
i 11. E. Pocock b. Banner 7
| K. A. Mutch c. Sollumb. Guild 8
(i. Wiseman c, Croll b Guild SJ
I J. Myers run out 9
i J. .1. 1 hi-obald o. Townsley b. Robertson 44
H. C. Casidy b. Guild 26
J. H. Harbour c. sub b. Townsley 6
T. J. A. S'.deman b. Guild .- 1
C. B. Hill not out 1
Extras 8
Total 138
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Buna. Maidens. Wickets.
Guild 100 45 3 6
Banner... 6B 34 0 1
Ihoraas 36 34 0 0
Robinson 18 9 0 1
Townsley 44 14 0 1
CAI/IFORXIAS.
D. Harfieldc. Hill b. Casidy 83
P. Gelietly ran out 11
J. B. Brooks c. O. Theobald b. Hill 10
\V. Guild b. I'ocock. 0
G. Croll c. Hill b. Harbour 17
C. Townsley c. Wise b. Casidy 1
O. Thomas b. HartJkur 1
R, s. Hobinson b. Pocock 8
V. Sollurn not out 13
It. H. Jones b. Pocock 0
C. Bonner b. Pocock 0
Extras 7
Total 121
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Huns. Maidens, Wickets.
Casidy 8B 40 1 2
H1U7..." 68 36 1 2
Pocock 62 32 0 4
Harbour 30 7 2 2
PACIFICS— SECOND INNINGS.
Casidy not out _ 43
Hill c. sub b. Townsley. 18
Tiedemann b. Grll.tly 5
Harbour St. Crowl b. Uelletly 0
Wise c. sub b. Sollum Vi
Mntel c. Croll b. Sollum g
Extras 8
Total 95
The Golden Gate ground was given over
to a practice game, chiefly participated in
by members of the Bohemian Club. Some
big scoring was done by Martin Cookson
and others.
"Fluffing."
"Fluffing" is the slang, or shall we rather
say technical term (it sounds so much bet
ter), for a well-known effect on the me
chanical influence which very long runs
sometimes have on actors and actresses in
the repetition night after night of their
roles. Here are two amusing examples of
the kind:
When Miss Fanny Coleman was exciting
Londoners to mirth by her excellent com
edy actinjr as the Duchess of Berwick in
"Lady Windermere's Fan" she one night
added unwittingly to the humor of her
performance by the following transposi
tion of words:
In the first act the Duchess, who is
about to confide to Lady Windermere's
married son a piece of scandal in which
her daughter is too young to participate,
ought to say, "Agatha, darling, go and ait
on the balcony and look at the sunset; the
dear child is so fond of sunsets!"
Whereas Miss Coleman, with unctuouo
gravity, rolled out the words, "Agatha,
darling, go and sit on the sunset and looK
at the balcony. The dear child is so fond
of !" Of what, indeed? but as con
sciousness of the situation dawned upon
the actress's face, the audience broke into
a tumult of good-humored applause.
On another occasion, when Miss Marion
Terry was giving an order to a stage foot
man, she gently but nrmly commanded
him, to the intense amusement of every
body on the stage, to "carry the tent into
the buns I"— The Gentleman.
Soochow was founded in 484 by Holu
wang. The literary designation of Soo
chow is Kusu, from the immense tower of
Kusutai, built by Holuwang. Soochow
was formerly estimated to be one of the
largest cities in the world.
In Waldeck there is a law that no license
to marry will be granted to any individual
who has the habit of over-drinking, and,
once identified with the habit, an inebri
ate must produce sufficient proof of ref
ormation to warrant his receiving the
license at any future time.
HELD UP IN THE
EARLY MORNING.
Fred Marlow Robbed of
Forty-Five Dollars by
Two Men.
WAS SEVERELY BEATEN
Richard Murphy, Brother of
Neely Murphy, and Thomas
Barnes Arrested.
AEE POSITIVELY IDENTIFIED.
Clever Work of Officers O'Brien and
Peters— Murphy Released on
Bail. .
Richard Murphy, a brother of Neely
Murphy, the well-known politician, and
Thomas Barnes, a blacksmith, were Dooked
at the Central Station yesterday morning,
charged with robbing Fred Marlow, a
rancher from Fruitvale, of %!?>. Murphy
is a letter-carrier, and has hitherto borne
an excellent reputation.
Yesterday morning about 5 o'clock Mar
low started for the home of his former
landlady on Leavenworth street, below
Broadway, intending to pay her a small
balance due on rent. The reason for the
early call was that he desired to catch the
nrst boat to Fruitvale.
Marlow walked rapidly out Leavenworth
and as he reached Broadway two men
stepped from behind the corner. Murphy
asked him for two bits, but before Marlow
had time to make reply Barnes struck
him a terrible blow in the mouth. The
rancher fell to the ground as though
struck with a club. The two men then
proceeded to beat him about the fare ami
body in a most terrible manner, ending up
by robbing him of ?45.
How long Marlow remained down he
does not know, as he thinks the first blow
in the mouth Knocked him insensible. In
any event wiien he recovered conscious
ness the two men were nowhere to be seen.
His first thought was to let the matter
drop, as he was anxious to get to Fruit
vale, but when he discovered the loss of
his coin all idea of allowing the matter to
rest vanished.
The robbery was reported at the North
End station and Officers J. F. O'Brien and
P. C. Peters detailed to work up tL-
An hour later Barnes was captured in a
restaurant on Larkin street. Only $1 w^s
found on him. At 9 o'clock Murphy was
arrested at his home, corner of Larkin and
Broadway. If he had retained any por
tion of the money taken from the rancher
it was not to be found on his person.
Marlow identified Barnes and Murphy
as the men who attacked and robbed him.
They were booKed on the charge stated,
bail being fixed In the case of Murpuy at
$2000 and that of his companion at $500.
Later in the day Murphy succeeded in
furnishing bail, but up to a late nour last
night Barnes still lanpuished in prison.
The oldest national flag in the world is
that of Denmark, which, has been in use
since the year 1219.
NEW TO-DAT.
J
' " "' '^^"^ l*t" / ■■•—»■■■—■ n [ L ■ ■ \^\^ *
i '« ■ *r* *m
Tabouret $1.50.
It's part of our business to
give you a "bargain" now
and then;
But so-called "bargains"
are often the biggest wasters
of money ; so we are careful
that our bargains are real
bargains before we offer
them.
Quarter-sawed oak. highly polished. Also ma-
hogany finish, same price.
For tea-table, plants, foot-
rest, stool.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
7- 123 Geary Street.
.^4^ .. FIFTY-DOLLAR
pP^I^ELECTRIC BELTS
iKi^rPfaiii^^^P Ffu'r S*iii,'and $80 Belts
"^jSpiy^piiS^K. 1 - for $15; also good belt* for
*nM«jl«Rjtl/.-'Vi *5- 1-atest patent and all
/■• s<ttJf» '* Improvements. »#- Call
1 "SWi" ' or write for new pamphlet
**W No. -'. Address DR.
PIERCE A SOU. 704 Sacramento st., cor. Kearuy,
second, third and fourth floors, Ban Francisco.
>»^mßUfcAf*tr EIj f ** >» » non-polftonotia
i*jfrofflpr*"itJLfl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
#@2?§rinl to 3 i»T'-^B Whites, unnatural dia-
Wm oturintred ■ charges, or any inflamma-
nf not to •trietnre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
■^rfVPrereau coauglon. tion of mucous Dem-
BfT^THEEvASSCHEU'CuCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
WAciNCINmi.O.H I Sold by Drnjr«UlD,
\BiMa. USA or Bent ' n P' a >° wrapper,
J^^Bl^ ' by express, prepaid, for
<i£^^^^^PsW I 1 0 ' or 3 Dottles, Cs.7\
*^BB^» ■ Circular sent or. - .mat.
The most certain and safe Fain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sort
Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamma-
tions. SUe per bottle, bold by DruggistsGAME CHICKENS
SLASH AND SPUR.
Fighting Birds of San Jose,
Sacramento and
This City.
BATTLES ON A BARGE.
Bloody Sport Witnessed by a Se
lect Gathering of
Heelers.
MUCH MONET CHANGED HANDS
Departu re of the Gang From the Arctic
Oil Works for Richard
son's Bay.
The people who were idling in th« vicin
ity of the Arctic Oil Works, Long Bridge,
yesterday morning were surprised at see
ing an army of supposed tramps heading
toward the wharf immediately bacK of the
oil works.
The so-called tramps, who carried sacks
over their shoulders and under their arms,
made a dash for a tug which was anchored
near the wharf ana disappeared in the
cabin.
"What in the name of earth can those
fellows be up to?" remarked an old lady
who was killing time by fishing off the
wharf. An old gentleman, her husband
in all probability, was busy at the time
catching fish, but after baiting up and cast
ing out his hooks for more bites, he found
time to take & peep at the tug on which
had gathered fifteen or twenty hard-loot
ing citizens.
While the old gentleman was endeavor
ing to size up the situation another batch
of bag-carriers hove in sight.
"Say, old woman, let us quit fishing.
I'm on to the racket; there's going to be a
chicken-fight somewhere to-day — sure, and
I'm a-going to see if I can't be declared in
on the game. I'll tell yer that chicken
fighting is hot stuff and great sport. Come
along, Mary."
The old gentleman did not sea that
chicken-fight by a large majority.
His wife settled that question in very
short order and by very few words.
Well, as the second part of the chicken
gang was passing along the wharf in the
direction of where the tug was lying a
rooster crowed, and immediately alter a
chorus of chanticleer voices came from
divers sacks.
The boys who were loafing on the wharf
"smelt a mice" ana quickly gathered
abouc the tug, and th'en chicken-fights
were discussed in all manners by the
urchins.
''Say, there, you feller with the glass
eye!" shouted one of the lads at a healthy
looking chicken-fancier who was resting
his anatomy on a coil of rope, "Cut a hole
in that sack or you'll smother the bird,
see?"
Another lad suggested to a red-nosed
Bport who was stroking the toes ol a
chicken, which he held tightly under his
coat, that he wipe the paint off his blower
before the sun would have a chance to set ,
his face on tire.
After considerable taunting and josh
ing, one of the army of chicken fipcters
scrambled up on the wharf and put tbe
urchins to flight.
"Well, what's keeping this Sacramento
gang, I'd like to know? " remarked one of
those double-nosed sports that are in
variably seen at dog and chicken-fights.
"Oh, they'll be here pretty &oon, now,"
retorted a little fellow who sported a well
trained coatee. which was gently stream
ing down his chest, us he glanced at his
flyback and muttered, "Just 9 o'clock."
""Ah, here they come on that barge yon
der," cried a fellow named McCarthy, as
he scratcued tbe head of a match care
lessly against his trousers and fired up
huge puns of blue smoke into the skies.
"Well, Jack, I think we're in for a great
day's sport; the Sacramento and San Jose
boys are dead sure of putting us over a
barrel, and I'm told their pockets are just
lined with the stuff."
"I'm glad to hear that," answered Gus.
"If that little Jap of mine who settled the
hash of Dooley's prize chicken a few days
ago is feeling all right when he enters the
pit, I will just bet those San Jose fellows
to a standstill."
"What do you think of those Eastern
birds. Gus?"
"Well, there are two crackajacks among
them, and I am greatly afraid of that big
black pile ; he's a wicked lighter and a hard
bird to bet against."
The tug en which were the San Fran
cisco chicken fanciers came along and was
quickly hitched on to the barge on which
were the San Jose and Sacramento sports
and a start was made for the quiet waters
of the bay near Sausalito.
The pleasure party started from this
City some time before the hour for leaving
was due, and as a consequence quite a
large number of sports were left behind on
the wharf to soliloquize and pray for the
captain who was obeying orders.
The reason, as stated by some of the
party for such a hasty departure, was to
avoid any possible police Interference.
There wap, however, little danger of the
sport being hampered by the hawkeyes of
the police department, as they frequently
miss bigger things than a barge loaded
with passengers and fighting-birds.
The main brought off yesterday was
talked of for several weeks past, and there
were few of the sports who failed to get a
tip on the big chicken dispute.
It was about 11 o'clock when the battle
f round was reached, and the owners and
andlers of the chickens lost but little time
in arranging the spura on the best toes of
the feathered pugilists.
Money changed hands very freely, and
the San Francisco contingent were a bit
surprised wi.en they saw how lavishly the
Sacramento sports squandered coin on
chance. They backed their favorites
etronely, and did not regret having done
so when the day's so-called sport came to
an end. Thirty battles were fought, and
although the San Joae birds held first
place in the early rounds of the fight, the
final contests lay between the feathered
pugilists of this City and Sacramento.
The sporting men of the last named city
walked off with tbe most coin when the
fighting came to an end owing to dark
ness. It is said that a second meeting will
be held in the very near future somewhere
up the Sacramento River.
Fond of Such Jlefense
A story is told of how Daniel O Connell
received'the grateful blessing of an Irish
man. During the couree of his circuit in
Ireland he was able to secure the liberation
of a young son of Erin who had been
cnarged with some offense or other. On a
second turn around the country O'Connell
again saved the Irishman from tne arm of
the Jaw. The prisoner, overwhelmingly
grateful, went up to the advocate, shook
him by toe hand, ana, in tne fullness of
his heart, exclaimed: "And may the Lord
save ye to defend me always, Mr. O'Con
nell."
James Buchanan, a fisherman living on
the Duwamish Kiver, in Washington, has
recently been bequeathed $13,000 by a
Texas cattle-raiser. Buchanan was formj
eily a cowboy on tbe cattleman's ranch,
and saved the lives of the wife and child
of his employer.
Yesterday Was Children's Day Both at the Schools and in the Open Air. How Some of the "Kids" Celebr ated
CHILDREN AND
APPLE BLOSSOMS
Yesterday a Day That
Turned the Tables on
Old Age.
JUVENILES ALL IN IT.
They Comported Themselves Ad
mirably, Like Grown-Up
People.
OBSERVED IN THE CHUBCHES.
Recitations and Songs at tbe Central
Methodist and an Address on
"Old Glory."
Yesterday was children's day. The
tables were turned on maturity and pre
maturity, and figuratively speakingr, all
adults were properly spanked and put to
bed while the youngsters had full sway.
Tbe 14th day of June has been set aside
in the calendar for children. Grown-up
people have Labor day, Arbor day and
Admission day, but the little ones have
"Children's day." The churches and
kindergartens and seminaries made a
special effort yesterday to entertain the
children. The floral emblem of the day
was apple- blossoms, and wherever this
sweet flower could be obtained it was the
conspicuous feature of the decorations.
At the Central Methodist Church, Rev.
Dr. Diile delivered an address before the
Sunday-school on the American Flag.
He spoke of tbe love that every child
should have for "Old Glory," and said
that it meant all the comforts of borne
and all the pride and prosperity of our
great Nation.
The little ones were each presented with
a bouquet of lilies or apple blossoms or
sweet peas. There were recitations and
songs by the children, and a collection
was taken up, the proceeds of which go
to swell the fund for the assistance of
young men studying for the ministry who
cannot afford to pay their own way through
college.
Tbe influence of the day was felt not
only in the churches, but spread over the
entire City and in every line of recreation
or amusement. It was a day that would
have given Palmer Cox a new inspiration
for an unending "Krownie" epic. Little
tots with bandy legs and tight-fitting
short pants strutted manfully out to the
park with their best girls to ride on the
merry-go-round ; or, better still, on the
real donkeys. They strolled along the
shady paths, talked big and picked flowers
when the guards were not looking.
They criticized tbe music that the band
j played and — they got lost. More tnan one
| tearful mother confided her troubles to a
Park policeman yesterday, and all were
I given the advice to Btand near the don
| key-drive and watch. '"They'll be sure to
turn up here," said the man of the star,
and they did without fail. # Mother after
mother would stand there' a while, then
utter a triumphant little cry and crush a
truant young Lord Fountleroy to her
bosom. "That's the twelfth that has done
so this afternoon," said a guard yester
day, "and I expect twelve more before 5
o'clock."
Out on the vacant lots of the Potrero, in
the neighborhood of the factories and tne
City dumps, where worldly experience
lies lower in the scale of years, the smaller
fry spent the day in following the fine
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
points of the sterner sports, such as base
ball and pugilism. The Potrero nine
played a well-matched game against the
Xorthenders. At 5 o'clock the game was
still in progress, showing 32 to 2C runs in
favor cf the South Side boys. "Hi, Jack !"
Bhouted one enthusiast, "did you see how
Ikey slid to third' He didn't do any
thing to his pants, did he? Wait till his
mother sees 'em, that's all."
When the sun went down the apple
blossoms had withered and the kids, like
the blossoms, lost their prestige. Most of
them were spanked and all were put to
bed. They all insist, however, that the
next 14th of June California will have a
children's day, the like of which was never
heard of before.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Several Exciting Games Played Tester-
day — The Union Court to
Be Closed.
The handball courts were well patronized
yesterday, and a number of closely con
tested games were witnessed. At the San
Francisco Court J. C. Nealon and T. F.
Bonnet played P. T. Donnelly, the ama
teur champion, and Al Hampton of the
Olympic Club. Nealon and Bonnet won
the final by only two aces. Then partners
were changed, and Bonnet and Hampton
played against Nealon and Donnelly. In
this game the first named won by only one
ace. They were two of the cleverest games
ever played in the court.
Nealon had a busy day of it yesterday.
Besides playing the two sanies at the San
Francisco Court he played four single
hand parties with the soft ball against Jim
Corbett at the Olympic court.
The event of the day at the Union court
was a game between J. J. Feeney and T.
Lenihan and K. Lenihun and Terry Mc-
Manus, the two latter winning after an ex
citing struggle. Yesterday will probably
be the iast occasion on which handball will
be played in this court, as Billy McManus,
the genial proprietor, has leased the Char
ter Oak saloon on Market street and has
intimated his intention of closing up the
court. Lovers of handball will regret this
action, as the court has been a popular re
sort for years. Efforts will be made to get
him to reconsider his determination, but
he said yesterday that it would be useless.
Following were the games played yester
day:
San Franciso Court— W. Manning and D.
Rodgers were defeated by P. Ryan and G. Mc-
Donald, 21—14,17—21,21—19. P.Ryan and
G. McDonald were defeated by D. Rodgers and
W. Manning, 21—13, 15—21,21—20. J. Collins
and W, Starisbury defeated J. Brown and M.
Edwards, 21—16,18—21,21—19. R. Murphy
and M. Edwards defeated W. Stansbury ana A.
Heudy, 21—18, 15—21, 21—19. P. Hutchinson
and J. Lawless defeated T. Barry and A. Pen
noyer, 21—14, 16—21, 21—18. J. C. Nealon
and T. F. Bonnet defeated P. T. Donnelly mid
Al. Hampton, 21—17, 16—21, 21—15, 18-21,
21—19. T. F. Bonnet and Al. Hampton de
feated J. C. Nealon and P. T. Donnelly, 21—16,
17-21, 21-15, 18-21, 21-20. J. Feeney and
P. Kelly defeated R. Leulhan and George
Hutchlnson, 21—14. 17—21, 21—19.
Union Court— W. Hanrahan and L. Swepney
defeated D. Regan aud J. Condon, 21—10, 19—
21, 21—14. F. Reynolds and T. Sullivan de
feated J. Burns and T. Crane. 17—21, 21—16,
21—19. W. Stansbury aud J. Collins defeated
W. T. Sullivan andM. Edwards, 21—13, 18—21,
21—15. W. Billin<?8 and H. Batzner defeated
H.McKenney and I). Doolcy, 21—9, 21—14,
19—21. W. McManns and J. Creamer defeated
J. McGovern and J. Tierney, 19—21. 21—18,
21%-20. T. O. Boyle and Thomas Barry of
Bakersfleld defeated C. Bradley and J. How
ard, 21—19, 18—21, 21—16. J. J. Feeney and
T. Lenihan were defeated by R. Lenihan and
Terry McManua, 16—21, 21—19, 21—17, 18—
21, 21—20.
In One Family for a Century.
The homestead of the late Sophia S.
Kail, at the head of Connecticut avenue,
containing about ten acres, will be sold at
public auction. This property is one of
the few parcels of real estate in the dis
trict that has remained in one family for
over a century, it having been formerly
owned and occupied, together with about
700 more acres, by Authony Holraead.one
of the original proprietors of the city of
Washington and the grandfather of the
deceased Mrs. Kail. The sale is the result
of a chancery suit by certain of Mrs.
Kail's heirs for the purpose of partition
ing her property. The deceased owner
•was several times offered fabulous prices
for her home, but always refused, prefer
ring to keep it for her residence.
» . ♦ — « .
• Nearly all the chickens in the western
part of French Guinea are perfectly white.
BASE HITS IN
BIG BUNCHES
Great Sport at the Presidio
Athletic Park Ball
Game.
SMALL BOYS IN CLOVER.
A Dozen Balls Were Lost by
Being Knocked Over the
Fence.
SHEA'S NEW CHARL.EY-HORSE.
In Two Innings the Players Circled
the Bases Until They Were
Tired Out.
The air about the new Presidio athletic
park was filled with baseballs irom 2:30 to
4 :30 yesterday afternoon. The balls started
skyward within the enclosure and most of
them descended outside the fence. In
consequence an almost continuous stream
of small boys could be seen scurrying
away from behind the grand stand, each
bearing in his hand a precious sphere.
The thousand or more enthusiasts who
filled the grand stand witnessed a slogging
match between the Californias and Im
perials of the City League that will put to
shame the best efforts of Bruisers Corbett
and Sharkey next week. The pop of the
resonant base-hit sounded at such regular
intervals as to remind one of an exhibition
of file firing by a militia company.
During two innings the players ran
around the bases until their tongues pro
truded and they almost sank to the ground
from exhaustion. Shea, who is yet a little
high in flesh and is perhaps a bit too
heavy for a sprinter, broke down entirely
and may never race again. It is said that
he threw out a splint as he made the turn
into the stretch on hia third lap in the
second inning. Mullee, who started in to
do the pitching for the Californias, was
carried from the field after the fourth in
ning, in which the tail-enders pounded
him for a total of five bases and five runs.
Mullee was a shining success, however,
as compared with Monet. In the second
inning the Californias made thirteen runs
and fourteen safe hits, three of them
doublesjand one triple, off his delivery.
Again, in the sixth, they got on to bis
curves and pounded out eight runs, mak
ing five singles, a double and a triple.
Despite the terrific betting of both sides
t c game was practically an errorless one,
the winners only being credited with eight
mistakes while the losers con tined them
selves to sixteen blunders during the eight
innings they were in the field.
It would be impossible to describe in de
tail the many brilliant plays of the nine
teen participants, so the summary of the
game, as kept by E. Grandiloquent Boyd,
is here appended:
SUMMARY.
CAT.IFOENIAS. A.B. R. Ib. F.O. A. K.
Shea. 2d b 6 4 3 2 4 1
Zels, Ist b 6 4 4, 2 2 0
Mullee, p. 4 2 3 0 11
Hanley.l.t 8 12 0 0 2
Klopf. 3d b. 7 2 2 4 0 3
Buckley, c. f 7 3 3 2 0 0
Body, c 6 4 a 12 2 O
McCord.s. 8 6 2 10 2 0
Cannon, r. f 6 3 8 10 0
Tribeau. p 8 12 4 11
Totals 09 26 26 27 12 8
Imperials. a.r. b. Ib. P.o. a. c.
Hall, 3d b 6 3 3 3 0 3
Sheble.l.l 7 1 3 f> 0 2
Green, c 6 0 2 6 0 2
Bllss,s. s 4 2 10 6 5
Monet.p 6 0 0 2 4 1
Crowley.c.'.! 4 2 0 0 12
Creanef, 2d b 5 4 3 13 0
Loughren.r. f 6 3 3 0 0 0
Long, Ist b 6 4 3 7 0 1
Totals 49 19 18 24 13 16
SCORE BT INNINGS.
Californias 113 030810 »-26
imparials 13 2-50420 2—19
Earned runs— Californias. 12: Imperials, 8.
Three-base hits— ralifornias, 3: Imperials, 2.
Two-base hits— Californias, B; Imperials, 4. Base
on balls— Off Mon»t, 7: off Mullee, 6. Struck
out— By Monet, 3: by Mullee. 6; by Tribeau, 6.
Wild pitch— Mullee, 1.
WHALEY'S GOOD WORK
He Helps the "Calls" Beat the Bincons
Yesterday Morning;.
"Yesterday moraine at the new Presidio
Athletic Park the "Morning Call Baseball
Team" defeated the Rincons. The former
were attired in new uniforms, and made a
very fine appearace. The feature of the
game was Pitcher Whaley's work, he al
lowing his opponents but seven hit?.
Next Sunday the "Calls" play the Stars,
and on July 4 the Amateur team of Niles.
Following is the summary of this morn
ing's game:
'•Calls." a.b. r. Istb. s.b. P.o. a. c.
Mahoney, s.s. 5 2 2 12 3 1
O'Toolp, c.f 4 12 12 0 0
Hurley, 3d b 3 110 3 2 0
Brandon, r.f 4 12 0 10 0
Cardiff, 2d b 5 2.21821
Whaley, p. 5 3 3 0 4 2 0
McCormick. 1.1 5 2 2 0 2 0 0
Shields, c 5 3 3 0 4 3 0
Hennessey, Ist b... 5 2 2 0 6 2 1
Total 41 17 19 "1 27 14 "1
KINCONB. A.B. B. IST B. S.B. P.O. A. K.
J. McCaffrey, 1.1. ... 4 110 2 0 1
Clark, Ist, b ... 4 110 8 12
Hore, 3d b 3 12 0 2 2 1
H. McCaffrey, r.1... 5 0 0 0 4 0 1
Allen, r. 3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Dellynan, 2d b. 4 0 0 0 2 11
McUee, c.f.. 3 110 110
Cunningham. 8.3... 4 110 12 2
McDonald, p........ 2 0 0 0 111
Total 32 5 6 0 24 8 10
BCOBE BY INNINGS.
123456789
Calls" : 0 6 0 0 6 6 0 0 *— 17
Bincons. 0 1001300 0-5
Earned runs— Calls 8, Kincons 2. Base on bulls—
Off Wnaley 4, off McDonald 5. Left on bases-
Calls 6, Bincons 3. Struck out— By Whaley 4, by
McDonald 2.
♦ : .
STATE LEAGUE TEAMS.
They Are All Ready to Begin the Fray
on the 28th.
Fully 3000 people visited the new base
ball grounds, corner of Sixteenth and Fol
som streets, yesterday to witness the prac
ticing of the Oakland and San Francisco
clubs. The gates were thrown open to the
public, and the crowd made a general in
spection.
The grand stand seats about 2500 people,
and is arranged so as to enable the specta
tors to command a splendid view of the
entire field. The bleachers will comfort
ably seat 2000, and are located opposite
first base.
The four clubs are almost complete. San
Jose will be represented by a strong ag
gregation. Home talent, as far as practi
cable, will be engaged and the importation
of a few Eastern players will aid San Jose
to present arrexceedingly shifty combina
tion. The season opens there on the 28th
inst., when Stockton will be the opposing
club.
Stockton has engaged Nick Smith to
play third, and with the aid of four Texas
League players will put a penant-wiuning
team in the field.
During the practice game yesterday San
Francisco showed up in fine form, their
batting and base running being a feature.
Oakland presented two old favorites, Lou
Hardie and Donovan.
The San Francisco team goes to Santa
Cruz next Saturday, where they play two
games with the Santa Cruz Club.
• — ♦ »
Story of the Lost King.
Al Rhoton, one of Mossy Creek's best
known citizens, had a funny experience a
few days since. Last winter Mr. Rhoton
was on a pond on George Timmon's place
enjoying himself upon the ice. He went
beyond the red flag and the ice broke and
Mr. Rhoton got quite a ducking at tie
same time losing a valuable gold ring in
the scramble. Last Wednesday he went
bathing in the same pond, and diving in
the pond he ran his hand in the mud and
came out with the ring upon his little
finger. This is a strange story, but irue. —
Kuoxville, {.Term.) Seatinel.
ODDS OFFERED
ON THE FIGHT
An English Visitor Wants
to Place $5000 on the
Champion.
CORBETT WILL BET, TOO
Sharkey Goes to Church Instead
of to the Acme Club
Gymnasium.
HE TAKES A DAY'S BEST.
Oakland Opinion as to Sharkey's
Chances to Win— Corbett
Trains a Little.
Some money is already beginning to ap
pear on the outside of the ring on the
Corbett-Sharkey four-round contest to
take place before the National Athletic
Club one week from next "Wednesday nignt.
This shows the great local interest that is
being taken in the event, and if the sailor
boy should happen to win in fine and rapid
style he will instantly become not only a
local but a National celebrity. Fame in the
pugilistic world is a very fickle thing. It
has become world-wide with a single lucky
blow.
As a rule, in such pugilistic events as the
one the Civic Federation has consented to
permit to take place, the betting does not
besin to show itself even in the regular
sporting resorts till a few days before the
mill is due to erind. People do not like to
have their money tied up a long time in
advance. Tne rule holds here as it does
in regular business, that it is not business
to buy goods till the proper time arrives.
But the present contest is an exception
in many respects. Not a few small bets
have already been made, and some big ones
are offered. The odds and evens will be
pretty well defined by the end of ilie week.
One of the heaviest bettors will be the
champion himself. It was given out to a
few yesterday afternoon at the saloon of
the brother of the champion, on Ellis
street, that Corbett would" put up alto
gether uot less than $1000 on the result if
he could find takers. It is not yet deter
mined how the money will be placed, but
if Corbett makes any early bets they will
have a tendency to fix the proportions of
the money wager by a great many persons.
Of course the champion will back himself,
but he has not yet made known the terms.
A? published in The Call several days
ago Sliarkey will also back himself with a
considerable sum. He won the snug sum
of $1500 in the Williams fight, and he has
more cash than that to wager if he wants
to. What odds, if any, Sharkey wants are
not known, but he has said he would back
himself to stay the four rounas.
Ernest Arondale, an Englishman on a
visit to this City, declared himself in posi
tive terms last night in the Palace Hotel
and at the Richelieu that he was ready to
accept any wager at odds of 2 to 1 up to
$5000 on the outcome of the fight.
"I will lay $3000 to $2500," he said, "Cor
bett will get the decision. I will lay $5000
to $4500 tnat Sharkey does not last the en
tire four rounds."
Mr. Arondale entertained Corbett in
London at his home, and is an enthusiast
on theyoung Caiifornian's fighting ability.
After making his offers to back Corbett
Mr. Arondale said:
"I don't understand what on earth pos
sessed Jim to make the foolish play he has
in this matter. He has absolutely nothing
to gain in this contest. Tne few hundreds
of dollars he may gather will hardly make
up for the trouble.and chances he is taking.
"If he wanted to have a go with one of
our most ordinary pugilists in England,
just to spar and show himself, he could
make infinitely more money than he can
make here against Sharkey. And he
wouldn't take chances of spoiling his
hands, either."
Corbett devoted about an hour and a
half yesterday forenoon at the Olympic
Athletic Club to getting himself into a
perspiration. He played handball as
usual, punched the bag, wrestled for some
minutes with the muscle-producing ma
chines of the gymnasium, and concluded
the exercise By sparring a little with
George Green. The afternoon and the
evening he devoted to recreation and rest.
OPPOSED TO TRAINING.
A Quiet Oakland Effort to Stop
Sharkey Failed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,]
908 Broadway, June 14. j
Thomas Bharkey, tho pugilist, disap
pointed many friends and admirers at the
Acme Club to-day. He did not show up
for his usual practice and it was reported
that Danny Needham had taken him for a
long walk. Sharkey attended church this
morning and afterward decided to take a
partial rest.
So far as can be learned there is no dis
position as yet to put up any money on
either Sharkey or Corbett. Men who
watch Sharkey every day always express
the same opinion. They say that his only
hope of winning is by his heavy hard hit
ting, as it is believed that Corbett can
place two blows to Sharkey's one. No one
seems to think that Sharkey can pretend
to be as quick or as scientific as Corbett,
but many think he can hit harder. So even
are these opinions that no one is doing any
betting.
Some people who are opposed to prize
fighting in any form made an attempt
yesterday to see if they could prevent
Sharkey training in this city. They con
sulted a lawyer about the law eoverning
such affairs and were disappointed to find
that it only covers persons who actually
engage in a contest and is silent regarding
training.
Rev. Edward Davis spoke very strongly
aeainst prize-fighting at the Christian
Church to-night. He took the ground
that boxing as a purely scientific sport,
indulged in merely to mane muscles
strong and eyes keen, is as highly to be
commended as a brutal prize-fight for
money is to be condemned.
IT FELL SIX STORIES.
The Dangerous Descent of a Southern
Pacific Klevator.
It is a wonder that the fall of the eleva
tor, last Saturday evening, in the building
of the Southern Pacific Company, at the
NEW TO-DAT
Take No Substitute-
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
im CONDENSED* MILK
Has always stood FIRST in the estima-
tion of the American People. No other is
"just as good." Best Infant Food.
corner of Montgomery and Market
streets, did not result in the serious injury
or death of several men. As it is, Dr. M.
Gardner, J. B. Wright of Sacramento, and
Sam Leake, the ex-postmaster of that city
and now the secretary of Adolph S Deckels,
are now thanking their stars that they are
alive. They are not likely, however, soon
to forget their thrilling experience aud
will be a little timid about entering into
elevators in tall Duildinps.
Dr. Gardner, the chief surgeon of the
Southern Pacific Company, sustained a
severe contusion of the spine and will be
unable to leave his bed for several weeks.
No specially serious results, other than
staled, are expected. At the time the
accident occurreti the docter suffered ex
cruciating acony and it was thought that
his back was broken.
The pain was soon lessened by skillful
medical treatment, and last night at his
residence on .Post street he was resting
easily and his condition reported to be
much improved.
Division Superintendent Wright escaped
with a sprained ankle and returned yester
day to his official duties at Sacramento.
{Secretary Leake waa severely shocked,
but so far as nas been learned is believed
to be free from serious injury, unless there
should be some unexpected internal devel
opments.
The elevator, the one at the south side
of the Montgomery-street entrance, fell at
aDout 5 o'clock from the tifth floor of the
building into the basement. It contained,
besides Jones, the boy who runs it, Charles
Naylor and the three gentlemen already
mentioned.
After the fall all of the occupants were
found lying in a heap upon the floor cov
ered with the debris of the wreck and al
most senseless from fright. With the ex
ception of the nervoas shock and a few
bruises Naylor was unhurt.
The only explanation that has been
given as to the cause of the accident is
that after leaving the sixth floor the lever
would not work, and in falling the safety
clutches failed to catch. A strange fatality
seems to attend this cage, lor it dropped
from the second floor to the basement last
Friday afternoon and again from the third
floor Saturday afternoon. At these times
the elevator boy was alone in the cage and
luckily did not get hurt. It is thought
that something is wrong in the engine
room, but the employes will not discuss
the subject further than to say that there
will be an immediate and thorough over
hauling of all the elevators.
The Cat That Make* Free Trips.
A black cat which persisted in riding on
Train 511 of the Baltimore and Ohio Kail
road April 27, and which, notwithstand
ing that it wa3 thrown from the train at
Wilmington and Baltimore, climbed on
again and made its way to Washington,
was again seen at Camden station
Friday, on the return trip to its home in
Philadelphia. That it was the same cat
was vouched for by- Special Officer Harry
Wingate of Camden station, who saw it
both times. The wanderer arrived from
Washington on the Royal Blue train,
which pulled into Camden at 12:40 p. m.
It was quietly sitting on the truck of one
of the cars. Mr. Wingate called the at
tention of Conductor Wellman to the cat,
and the conductor drove it from the
truck. Word was passed around the sta
tion that "the cat had come back," and
many persons watched its movements, but
the cat was too sly for the onlookers and
made a bee line clown tbe platform and
along the wall of the Belt tunnel, where it
sat and licked its paws until the train
pulled out. Then it followed the train to
the entrance to the tunnel, where it leaped
on one of the cars and resumed its journey.
NEW TO-DAY. 1
Plumpness is prosper-
ity, good nature, hap-
piness* It is not to
shiver with every cold
breeze; it is defense
against coughs, shelter
from Neuralgia, shield
against nervous pros-
tration; better than all
security from germs
of Consumption and
an escape from a thou-
sand aches and pains
which cling to a poorly
nourished body* Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver
Oil with Hypophos-
phites will make thin
people not over-fat, but
plump* It smoothes out
the wrinkles and brings
the dimples back*
p MONARCH A
£ JKmRCH CYCLE HASUFACTURISG CO., v
,*, 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. .*,
ft CU AS. BROWN & SON, 807 Market, Ag*t. .*.
H C. F.BALOMOX3ONAOO,, Twelfth and •*<
pi Franklin streets, Oakland, Agent. >.<
DR.MCNULTY.
This well known and reliable specialist treats
Private Chronic and Nervous Diseases of
Men only He s ops Discharges, cures secret
Blood and Skin Diseases. Bores and Swellings;
Nervous Debility, Impotence and other Weak-
nesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects, Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body. Prevents Consump-
tion, Heart Disease, softening of the Brain and
Spine, Insanity and other afflictions caused by the
Errors, Excesses and diseases of boys and men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformlliei and restores the -Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs.
Dr. McNnlty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Private
Diseases sent free to all men who describe their
trouble. Patients cured at Home. Terms reason-
able. ■
Hours— to 3 dally ; 6:30 to B:3o evenings. San-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and sacredly
confidential. Call or address -
P. KOSCOE McfULTT, M.T>.
26' ■> Kearny st., Sim Francisco, Cat.
JtS" Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
about your disease on the street or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
t~~ Wueu orilcriux please meniioa Call.
910
ARE THE IRISH
PEOPLE CRIMINALS?
Rev. Father Yorke's Elo
quent Address Last
Evening.
OLD ST. MARY'S FILLED.
A Spirited Encomium Delivered
on Irish Integrity and
Patriotism.
AN APPRECIATIVE AUDIENCE.
The Speaker Quotes Many Stirring and
Touching Passages From
Irish History. '
A multitude thronged old St. Mary's
Church, on California street, last evening
to hear Key. Father Yorce's lecture on,
"Are the Irish People Criminals?"
Long before the hour announced for the
lecture the vast edifice was filled, not a
single seat remaining empty in the gallery
or even on the stairs leading to the choir
gallery. Upon the east side of the bro<ul
platform sat prominent members of the
local clergy, and on the west side, opposite
them, the laity was well represented by
many well-known citizens.
The audience that listened to Father
Yorke last evening was appreciative and
sympathetic to a marked degree. Before
the speaker had proceeded more than a
few sentences the audience burst into ap
plause, for which Father Yorke gently re
buked them. Again an old man in the
gallery interrupted the speaker with an
earnest "God bless you, father," which the
whole audience seemed also to feel.
"The question on which I shall speak
this evening," began the speaker, "is one
that has oiten been put during the last lew
years and answered by a certain class in a
strong aJtirmative, especially by some who
have not even yet taken out their lirst cit
izenship papers. It has been widely af
firmed irom pulpit and platiorm that every
Irish Catholic is endowed at birth with a
double dose of original sin. [Laughter.]
"Let us consider the source from which
these charges come. They are made
chiefly by men whose aim is to purify poli
tic? tor the interests of their purses, who
come here to raise discord and strife that
their own interests may be subserved.
This chargp that the Irish are criminals
did not originate in this country. For six
centuries it has been reiterated. Six hun
dred years ago it was proclaimed that the
Irish were so bad thai the good people of
England should govern them. For tiOO
years they have blackened the name of a
people whom, though they could wrong,
they could not subdue.
•The first charge brought against the
Irish people was that tiiey were unruly
under thu beneficent rule of Mother Eng
liind. The iamc char.c was made against
the people of this country when they de
clared that to command 'a decent respect
in the opinions of mankind' they must
remain no longer under English rule. If
r be criminal to refuse to submit in spite
of GOO years of oppression, to Keep the
fire of patriotism burning despite never
ceasing oppression, then every American
must plead guilty to the same charge.
Then, indeed, we are criminals, but such
criminals that we should be placed beside
the heroes of Thermopylae, of Switzer
land, of Bunker Hiil and Lexington.
"There is another crime beside that of
patriotism with which the Irish are
charged, the crime of agrarianism. Let us
consult history in considering this charge.
After the battle of Limerick trade sprang
up between England and Ireland, princi
pally in the export of meat. This inter
fered, however, with the pocket of the Eng
lish farmer, and ths English farmer, taking
Irish profit for P^nglish good, stopped the
trade. Compelled to keep his stock and
sheep where he had formerly exported, the,
Irishman turned to manufacturing cloth'
from the wool of his animals. Manufac
ture of woolen fabrics began, and a ready
market for Irish goods was found in Eng
land. In the reign of William this trade
was stopped by legislative enactment.
"The wool had be sent to England,
manufactured into cloth and sent back
again for the profit of the English weaver.
Yet we are told that the Irish are lazy.
And it is England who has rohbed them
who now points her finger and taunts
them with their poverty. It Ireland is
not a great manufacturing country in cer
tain lines for which it is naturallj r fitted, it
is because of the sordid greed of those
who 150 years ago strove to put an end to
Irish manufacturing for their own
interests.
"The charge is brought against the Irish
that they live on potatoes, that they give
their wives and children what you would j
nut give to a horse. But, why have they
lived on potatoes? Less than a century |
ago Irish papists were not allowed to own
more than a few acres of ground. Then
they were graciously allowed by Parlia
ment to cultivate bogs and rocky hillsides.
Generations worked in these barren spots
and after years of toil, bringing sand and
seaweed to make a soil, they were able to
raise a few potatoes.
"Then, instead of the Government en-,
couraging the toilers with a 'Well done,'
came the landlord to put on the piece of
bog site or hillside a rent, which was
spent not for the benefit oi the poor, not
to improve the condition of land, but in
debauchery in the brothels of England, of
London and of Paris. And then, because
these men had a spark of manhood left
in them, they ro3e to protect their wives
and daughters from the outrages that
were offered them and. to protect their
homes from spoliation. Let no Irishman
be ashamed of what are called the
Agrarian outrages— of having fi ught for
the honor of his family, for his hearth
stone and his fire.
"But the Irish a recharged with being a
criminal people. You hear that there are
more murders, robberies and crime aeainst
person than in England or Scotland. Yet,
according to the Encyclopedia Brittanica,
in 1878, while there "were «457 such crimes
in Scotland and 6797 in England, in Iru
land there were but .{h42. Tatting an an
nual average, the number oi condemned
criminals in England i* 148; in Ireland, f>4.
And when we remember that in England
murder is defined as the taking of lite,
while in Ireland condemnation follows any
ass.'iult that might result in murder; even
if they do not cause death, the 54 cases
above mentioned would be lessened.
"In the matter of crimes against the
family we find that Ireland presents the
fewest of any country. The fact that Ire
land preserves most closely the faniily re
lation is seen from the fact that the rale of
illegitimacy is lower in Ireland than in
any other country in the world. And,
much as I < ; isiike*to do it, a comparison
must be made between the different Darts
of Ireland itself. In the county of Ulster,
where religion consists in reading the
Bible and cursing the Pope, a land not of
milk and honey, but of hymns and godli
ness, the rate of illegitimacy is 51 to every
1000, while the rate in Connaught is 5 to
1000.
"And even this small percentage of ille
gitimacy in Irish Catholic communities is
due mainly to the workhouses. After the
land of Ireland had been six times confis
cated by the English Parliament, after the
potatoes failed aud famine seized tiie Irish
people, after robbing the monasteries
which fed the poor, in return for the land
and manufactures she had taken away,
England gave Ireland the workhouse sys
tem.
"James Anthony Froude, who came to
this country to do the Englishman's work
of defaming Ireland, had to confess that
in Ireland there was less robbery and
crime than in any other country of its size
in the world. It'is fair to judge the Irish
by what they are in their own country
under the many disadvantages they have
to struegle against ; it is good to see here
that even their enemies admit the truth of
the declaration that Ireland is a crimeless
land.
j "The accusations made against the Irish
at home have followed them across the
water. It is charged that they 'build our
jails and fill them'; that they own all the
saloons; that they have a monopoly of the
records of the police Courts, and that they
are always in trouble with the law. The
Irish people in America are mostly immi
grants. Even where immigration is under
the most favorable circumstances it tends,
by breaking up old ties and other causes,
to increase crime. The Irish immigrants,
thanks co the English policy for 120 years
ot forbidding education being carried on
in Ireland by the priests, came to this
country for the most part ignorant and
illiterate. Yet even these 120 dark years
constitute a glorious period in Irish his
tory, when the priests, disguised in in
finite ways, came into the country to
comfort and care for the suffering people.
"But after all this persecution even the
religion of Jesus Christ was employed
against them. The pious people of Eng
land thought it a proper time to rescue
Ireland from the error of popery. The
starving people were invited to eat of the
abundant food in the Protestant churches,
proviued they would renounce their re
lipion. Thttsrobbea, thus starved, forced
to sell their religion for a mess of pottage,
thus demoralized, the Irish immigrants
came to this country.
The men who now cry out against immi
gration forget that it was Irish immigra
tion that made this country to bloom and
blossom as the rose, that it was strong
Irisii arms that built the great canals and
bridges. Still more, the Irish people have
i proved themselves loyal to the country,
even to the shedding of blood. Of all who
! go to make up this cosmopolitan Republic
1 the Irish are the most orderly, the most
j quiet, the most industrious and the most
I American.
We are told to look at the court records.
We must remember in the first place that
all Irish names on the police records do
not stand for Irish men. You all know
how common it is for a man when taken
up to give an Irish name. However, I
have examined the records at San Quen
tin and Foisom and have found that de
spite the assertion of a noisy preacher who
left this town some time since, that 90 per
cent of the convicts at these two prisons
are Irish Catholics, the percentage is less
than either the English, Welsh, Scotch or
Scandinavian.
"The crim s which appear charged
against the Irishmen are as a class unpre
meditated—are due to hotheaded n«*ss aud
the unfortunate curse of drink. But to the
charge of crimes against the family, or
forgery, embezzlement, breach of trust,
political crimes against purity of Govern
ment, the Irishman can raise his hands
and say, 'Nut guilty.'
"In regard to drunkenness, though the
Irish may have been great in this sin, so
they have been great in repentance. While
long-haired men and suort-haired women
have'resoluted resolutions' saying the Irish
are sots the Irish arose almost in a night,
as it were, and formed the League ot the
Cross. None are making truer efforts than
the Irish to stem the tide of drunkenness.
"Now we Lave seen the Irish in their
own country and we have seen them here;
we have seen them struggling in their na
tive land under such oppression as no
other country has ever suffered, and we
have seen them standing up to their full
height here as men who have never known
oppression. She, who has slandered them
for 600 years, does not stop in her efforts;
her minions are here to caluminate us.
Yet thanks to the Goil of Justice, they
could not succeed as they have succeeded
in the past."
A SABBATH TRAGEDY ENDS
John Hay, Victim of Mrs. Me-
Dcugall's Pistol, Died
Last Night.
An Operation Failed to Prolong His
Life— The Murderess Buried
Yesterday.
John W. Hay, assistant editor of the
Journal of Commerce, who was shot on
the evening of the 7th inst. by Mrs. Minna
McDougall, the latter subsequently com
mitting suicide, in a lodging-house at 330
McAllister street, died last evening at 7:30
o'clock in the German Hospital.
The first scene in the sad tragedy was
enacted on a Sabbath evening. Hay, who
was keeping company with the woman
who caused his death, was lying in bed,
and she was slowly disrobing in the center
of their dimly lighted room.
He had grown weary of the life of shame
they had together Deen leading, and with
out turning towards the woman told her
that he was going horne — was going bacic
to work and to a life of respectability. She
Decame incensed at the thought of losing
Hay's company and called upon him to
repeat the word*. He did so ana was
startleu to hear her exclaim in an argry
voice, "If you are going to try to leave me
I will kill you."
Hay turned toward the frenzied woman
just in time to see her draw a revolver
from her pocket, he saw the weapon
blaze as she pulled the trigger and felt the
sting as the leaden missile tore its way
through his body. He tried to raise up in
bis bed, but failed in the attempt. The
last thing he remembered was seeing his
murderess run toward the mirror, tear her
chemise from her breast, shoot herself in
the heart and fall to the floor dead.
Tenants of the bouse in which the
tragedy occurred heard the shooting and
after procuring a policeman forced in the
door and found the dead woman and dy
ing man. Hay was removed to the Re
cpiving Hospital and the body to the
Morgue. Last Monday Dr. Morse per
formed an operation on the wounded man
in hopes of saving his lile, but Hay never
fully rallied aiter he was shot. He slowly
sank and finally became unconscious.
Yesterday afternoon it was seen that his
life was fast ebbing away and his family
and friends were notified, and just at liusk
on the Sabbath evening the last scene of
the tragedy eventuated and the wounded
man passed into that sleep that knows no
waking.
EL H. McDongall, husband of the mur
deress and suicide, reached tins City from
Chicago last Saturday. He immediately
arranged for the interment of his wife's
remains and yesterday she was buried in
Laurel Hill Cemetery."
FLAGS AT HALF-MAST.
Respect Shown O. W. Marye, Who
Committed Suicide La»t Kvaning.
All day yesterday a flag floated at half
mast over the Stock Exchange buik'.ingon
Pine street, in respect to the memory of
(). "W. Marye, the stockbroker who com
mitted suicide in the Baldwin Hotel Sat
urday evening.
The remains were yesterday removed
from the Morgue, at the instance of G. T.
Marye, to a downtown undertaking es
tablishment, where they will remain until
the deceased's relatives in Mississippi can
be communicated with.
A Sacp (Me.) girl has a pet pig which
she leads about the streets of that town as
other girls sometimes lead a poodle. The
pig w young and pretty as pigs go, and
wears a broad bow of scarlet ribbon about
its neck. '
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
CLEVER WORK IN
BUCK AND WHITE
Farewell of the Polytech
nic High School To-
Night.
CLOSING OF THE TERM.
Wonderful Etchings in Pen and
Ink That Indicate More
Than Promise.
HANDS TRAINED IN ART.
An Admirable Institution Where the
Higher Crafts Are Practically
Taught.
Despite the friendship and ties formed
during attendance at school the close of a
term is usually looked forward to with re
lief and pleasure. Not so, however, with
those who are fortunate enough to be en
tered as a student in the Polytechnic High
School, and more particularly with those
who take the course of manual training at
that institution. To them the cessation of
the period of study comes with deep re
gret, so engrossing and attractive arc their
daily duties durinsi each term.
W hile the term for the Polytechnic nom
inally closes on Friday next, the actual
work for the first year of the school ceased
last week, and the results achieved are a
justifiable cause of deep pride on the part
of both pupils and instructors.
No principal in San Francisco probably
takes a deeper interest ia the welfare and
progress of those under his supervision
than does "W. 8. Bush of the institution
on the corner of Stockton and Bush streets.
In school and out he is giving his best
thought to the advancement of his mipils
and his corps of teachers are no less wrapt
up in the success of the school.
What distinguishes this institution from
all other public schools is its manual train
ing and mechanical art departments.
F. A. Gardner has charge of the man
ual training department, and gives his
personal attention to the classes in wood
working and mechanical drawing.
Miss Maria Van Vleck devotes her talent
and energies to instructing in clay model
ing, wood-carving and pen-and-ink draw
ing for newspaper and magazine illustra
tive purposes.
Mrs. E. P. Bradley, who is the proud
owner of a medal for art work displayed
nt the World's Columbian Exposition,
teaches the use of crayon and water colors.
E. Eldridge has charge of the class in
iron work.
In one of the rooms there is an exhibit
of some of the work of the pupils in all
these branches, and as they are the result
of but one year's course at the school they
certainly make a most remarkable show
ing.
On the walls are displayed pen-and-ink
drawings that indicate in many instances
marked ability and a careful cultivation of
it by the teacher, also bits in crayon and
water-color. Then arranged about the
apartment are specimens of handsomely
and artistically carved articles of wood,
such as a combination bookcase and cabi
net in renaissance style, chairs, easels,
picture-frames, tables, etc.
A dynamo, gear-wheels, shaft-couplings,
rings, books, eyes, straps, bolts, screws
and other work in wrought and cast iron
represent the progress of the classes in
iron work, while busts, friezes and cornice
work in relief show what has been accom
plished by the pupils who have taken up
clay modeling. This exhibit will remain
open to the public up to and including
Wednesday.
There are about 250 pupils enrolled at
the school, and most of the few who left
during the term did so in order to accept
positions for which they had been qualified
in great part by their course in manual
training. The demand for pupils suffi
ciently advanced in the various branches
of manual training is at present in ex
cess of the supply.
The pupils of the Polytechnic High
School will not hold graduating exercises
this year, but in lieu will present at Odd
Fellows' Hall to-ni. ht a programme of
vocal and instrumental music and a farce.
As no funds are received from the depart
ment an admission fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
AMUSEMENT FOR ALL.
The Entertainments That Managers
of Our City Theaters Have Pro
vided for To-Mgb*.
"A Gilded Fool," with Nat C. Goodwin,
presented during his previous visit to this
City, will be offered ac the Baldwin The
ater this evening, with Goodwin in the
character of Chauncey Short.
This evening Herbert Kelcey. Oliver
Oliver and Eftie Shannon will appear in
the English piay, "The Home Secretary,"
at the California Theater. It is a good
story of continental life.
The well-known play, "A Charity Ball,"
which proved such a success at the Ly
ceum Theater, will be produced at the
Columbia with the fall strength of the
Frawley Company.
The attraction to be offered at the Grand
Opera-hous- this evening is the exciting
and sensational comedy-drama, "New
York Day by Day," in which Leslie Mo
roscowifl assume the character of Rags,
the gamin.
At the Alcazar there will be offered this
evening "The Little Detective," that was
produced at this house for the first time
on Saturday and was a success afternoon
and evening.
"Lorraine," which was so acceptably
presented last week, will be offered this
evening at the Tivoli Opera-house. Miss
Marie Millard and Louise Koyce, the pop
ular souhrette, will api>e;ir in the cast.
The chief attraction at the Orpheum
Music Hall this evening will be the Mario-
Dunham family, wonderful gymnasts
from Europe, who will give an exhibition
of their skill. Other artists will appear.
There will be presented at the ParK The
ater on Grove atreet this evening "The
Cruiskeen Lawn," in which Dan Mc-
Cartky, the well-known comedian, will
assume the leading role.
A MODEL POLICE STATION
North End Property-Owners and
Residents Have a Change
of Heart.
What is known as the North End Police
station is now situated on Washington
street, a few doors west of Polk. For a
number of years it was located in a little
hole on Pacilic street, wiiere there was
barely room for the few men then on duty
to change their clothes.
An increase in the population of the
northwestern section of the City necessi
tated a better station, as there were more
men detailed for duty.
The selecting of new quarters brought
forth opposition lrorn every place where
the Supervisors thought of locating the
station, until at last the present site was
selected and the station built. Since then
the people who were so emphatic in their
opposition are now well pleased, as the
station is a model in its way.
Under the control of Sergeants Fred T.
Brown, William Price and Marcelius O.
Anderson, the place is kept in first-class
condiiion.
The office and cells are on the ground
floor, wliile upstairs is a commodious as
sembly room for the seventeen men who
report for duty. The principal feature of
the station is the stable where the patrol
wagon horses are kept. No gentleman has
a superior place for nia choicest stud than
that for the horses attached to this station,
and unlike the other police stations in the
City, the horses when waiting for a call to
go out are sheltered in a covered gateway,
free from draught or dampness. Here the
City takes care of its own stock at a saving
of $30 a month, with superior stabling ac
commodation and excellent care and feed.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue.
JUNE WEDDINGS
IN THE INTERIOR
Walter Beatie and Miss
Briggs Are United at
Woodland.
HOGAN - BELLOC UNION.
John M. Hyland Weds Miss Julia
Butler, a San Luis Obispo
Belle.
STOCKTON CHURCH WEDDING.
Joseph Williams and Miss Emma Per-
kins Married at Mizpah Presby
terian Church.
One of the prettiest weddings of the sea- |
son was solemnized in the Christian !
Church, Woodland, last Tuesday, in which
the high contracting parties were Walter
Clarence Beatie, a well-known business !
man of Oakland, and Miss Alma J. Briggs, i
the thir.l daughter of J. R. Briggs and
wife of Woodland. The bride is a native
of Yolo County, and was a graduate oi
Hesperian College and attended the State
University for a number of years. She is I
a higniy accomplished young lady and is
noted for her many literary attainments, i
Her acquaintances in Berkeley are many, '
all of whom hold her in high esteem.
Mr. Beatie holds a responsible position in i
the Oakland Water Company. He is also '
a member of some of the most select clubs
in Oakland anu San Francisco.
The ceremony was witnessed by a large and
brilliant assemblage, composed principally of ;
the relatives und friends of the bride. Quite a
number of the relatives and intimate friends i
of the groom also accompanied him. There :
were also present friends from Napa, BanFrsn- :
Cisco, every portion of Yolo County and else
where.
The church was simply but exquisitely deco
ratod iur the occasion. The prevailing colors
were pink, white iinci green, and pink roses,
white geraniums and ferns dominated. Some
of the designs were very pretty and original,
and the arrangement was pleasing and in good
taste. Three white doves were features of the
decorations most admired.
At the appointed hour Miss Rose Stewart
seated herself at the piano and began the ren
dition of Mendelgsohn's exquisite wedding
march. The door of the study -room opened
and Professor Elston came In to the right of
the altar. He was followed by the groomsmen,
J. P. Cook of Oakland and Arthur W. North of
Winters. The prospective eroom, accompanied
by his best man, Edward McGeary, brought up
the reai. At the chancel rail the party halted
just as the two great doors of the main en
trance swudk slowly upon their hinges and
were held open by two of the ushers, Misses
Blanche Beamer and Kelie Nethercott. while
the remainder of the bridal party passed in.
Two more ushers, Misses Josephine Steph
ens and Irma Douglas, led the way. The ushers
were charming in white, and each carried
white pinks. Next came the bridesmaids,
Misses Mayme Merritt and Harriet Haraszthy.
Misjs Merritt was diessed in white swiss over
b.ue, white hat and blue trimmings, slippers
and gloves to match and carrying red pinks
and carnations. Miss Haraszthy wore white
swiss over yellow, white hat with yellow trim
mings, Rloves and slippers to match and car
ried a pretty bouquet of Marechal Niel roses.
Then came the maid of honor, Miss Sadie
IJiipgs, a bister to the bnde. Her costume was
white swiss over pink, white hat and pink
trimmings, and she carried La France roses.
Then followed liule Marie Miller, in snowy
white swiss, low neck and short sleeves, with
white wings hemstitched, pink daisies about
the neck and bearing a tiny white slipper,
which contained the beautiful wedding ring.
The bride came next, leaving upon the arm
o' her father. She was exquisitely costumed
in white swiss over white silk, with white satin
trimmings, gloves and slippers, and carried a
lovely bouquet of white roses.
Arriving at the altar there was the usual
ceremony of the giving away of the bride, and
the party was quickly arranged in the proper
order for the solemnization of the marriage
rite. Professor Elston of Berkeley pronounced
the ceremony in his usual earnest and im
pressive manner. The solemnity and inipres
siveness of the event were intensified by the
exquisite rendition of Noir's "Best of All" by
Miss Neliie Beatie, sister of the groom, to an
accompaniment by Mish Rose Stewart.
Mr. and Mrs. Beatie took their departure for
Sau Francisco ou the 2:40 train. After a brief
honeymoon they will take up their residence
in Oakland.
Last Wednesday morning at 6:30 o'clock
Miss Julia M. Butler, one of San Luis Oblspo's
fairest daughters, gave her hand in marriage
to John M. Hyland, an employe of the Tax
Collector's office of this City.
At an early hour Wednesday morning there
was noticed by those few persons whose cus
tom it is to rise early, a bustling throng of
handsomely dressed women and men all croing
in the direction of the Old Mission Catholic
Church. They were thither bent to attend the
celebration of this young couple's nuptials.
At 6:15 o'clock the famous old church was
filled with a great throng oi those who hai re
ceived invitations to the wedding. The church
had been decorated by the members of the
choir, of which Miss Butler has long been a
leading and uscul member. The walls were
hidden 'neath great festoons of flowers and
mosses, and the church altar, aglow with its
sacred lights, was adorned with the modest
trimmings which old earth sets forth.
At 6:30 o'clock, clad in the vestments of his
station. Father Aguilera, first priest of the
parish, entered inside the chancel, accom
panied by the second priest, Father Conneally,
aud youthful attendants. A grand nuptial
mass was at once begun, being spoken by
Father Aguilera. Soon after the bridal party,
consisting of the bride and groom elect, Miss
Mavdie Ready and John Herlihy, entered and
look their stations befoie the altar.
Then amid the flowers and trappings at the
altar, soft chanting of the hidden choir, the
hush of guests, while the rising sun In the
east glinted its first rosy beams through the
great old doors upon the sacred scene, the
party stood before , the holy man of God and
sealed in open , faith the vows of love.
As the party stood at the altar the less senti
mental admired the beautiful costumes of the
ladies. The bride wore a beautiful rich white
satin, trimmed with heavy drooping laces and
orange blossoms. Her ornaments were dia
monds. She carried a. huge bouquet of white
roses. ,
Miss Ready was daintily dressed in pink silk
crepe with . deep chiffon trimmings. She also
carried flowers. The gentlemen wore the regu
lation black.
After the ceremony the bride and groom and
party were conveyed to, the residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Herne, on Ni
poma street, where a magnificent wedding
breakfast was awaiting them. Only the
nearest relatives and most intimate friends
partook of the feast.
Mr. and Mr-. Hyland received an extraordi
narily large number of wedding presents, all
of which were costly and beautiful.
The happy couple departed on the morning
train for Son Francisco, where they will in
future reside.
The wedding of Miss Elodie A. Hogan and
Hilaire Belloc will be celebrated this morning
at the residence of Henry Hogan in Napa.
Miss Hogan is the daughter of the late John S.
Hogan and Ellen A. Hogan, pioneers of Napa
County. Mr. Belloc is a B. A. of Balliol Col
lege, Oxford, and a contributor to the differ
ent English magazines. After a short honey
moon spent in Luke County the happy couple
will depart for Europe, when they will take
up their residence in Oxford, where Mr. Belloc
is a professor in the university.
A . very pretty wedding took place at the
Mizpsh Presoyterlan Church last Wednesday
evening, the contracting parties b a lng Joseph
S. Williams, bookkeeper of Hay wood Brothers'
Chair Company and Miss Emma Frances
Perkins, eldest daughter of Mrs. Emma Perkins
and niece of C. B. Perkins the well-known
merchant. The church was beautifully and
tastefully decorated for the occasion by a com
mittee of ladies under the direction of Mrs. F.
A. Doane, wife of the pastor. -The arches and
chancel were draped with ivy and smilax, the
altar was a bed of rare flowers, while the mar- !
riage bell was suspended from the center of j
the main arch over the chancel, the whole !
making a very pleasing effect. Long before ■
I the hour announced for the ceremony the :
I church was crowded with the friends of the i
happy couple. |
This was to be expected, as the bride, when :
'• a little girl, was the first charter member. of an j
| organization from which the church took root. i
1 The pastor, Rev. F. A. L»oane, performed the j
1 ceremony in an impressive manner. Miss An- ;
nic T. Perkins, sister of the bride, acted as
maid of honor, while the groom's brother, ,
George Williams, was first man. The brides- j
i maids were Miss Lulu Perkins, Miss Annie F. i
Perkins, Miss Lucy McElroy and Miss Cora de i
Guerre, and the "ushers, Messrs. Walter Per- j
kins, Koscoe Perkins, George Gielow and i
James Vint. The bride was given away by her !
uncle, C. B. Perkins. The reception followed!
at the home of the bride's mother, 114.}^ Col- I
llngwood street, at which only relatives, and a i
few intimate friends were present. I
Congratulatory speeches were made by Rev. !
F. A. Donne, school Director A. McKlroy, :
Frank Williams and others. The presents
were very beautiful and Hppropriiite, and tes- .
tified to the high esteem in which the bride '
and groom are held. At midnight the happy i
couple left for their new home, accompanied !
by the usual shower of rice. The following :
day they left for the northern part of the State >
for their honeymoon, and on their return will i
receive their friends Thursday evenings at 10 j
Collingwood street. ;
It was a very pretty wedding, that of Charles t
Jacobs and Miss Mary Catherine Byrnes '
solemnized at St. Mary's Catholic Church, j
Siocuton, on Monday, June 8, at 5 P. m., Rev. ■
Father Whebbs officiating. A large number of"
friend.-, of the young couple made merry till j
morning. ■ j
Those present were: Mr. and Mr. Jacobs, |
father and mother of the groom; Agnes ',
Byrnes and Mrs. Byrnes, the mother ami sister
of the bride; Misses Violet Doolan, Martha !
Doyle, Mamie and Madge Earle of San Fran- !
cisco, Mr. and Mrs. Bergman, I Mr. and Mrs.
J. Burke, Edith fccheupp, Mary Brennau, Kate
tie Tumulty, Maggie and Mamie Granev, Mag- ■
fie Burns, Mary Hognn, lianna Donahue, ,
lamie Cos^rove, Madgalcn Robertson, Messrs. {
Odo Jacobs Andrew Gianelli, Ace Nevill, I
John Hinze, V. Galgiar.i, F. Geugo and tlie
musicians, F. Cruse, C. Clements, J. Lercarl |
and O. Leonhardt of Stockton.
The wedding of Miss Nellie O'Neil and An- j
drew Kuster was solemnized on last .Wednes- i
day ewning at St. Jemes' Church, corner of |
Twenty-third and Guerrero streets, the Rev. j
Father Lynch officiating. The church was j
beautifully decorated for the occasion. The ,
bride was attended by Miss Laura McMahon,
who officiated as maid of honor. James Dunn
acted as best man. A reception at the resi
dence of the -bride's mother on Dolores street
followed the ceremony. Mr. and Mrs. Kuster
will make their future home in Sun Jose.
The Bachelors' Fortnightly club held a very j
enjoyable meeting at the residence of its "mas- |
ter bachelor," 301 Turk street, on last Thurs- I
day week. The following amusing programme j
provoked roars of laughter:
Paper on "The Woman-hater," by Williard I
M. Wood; "Travels Through Utah," comic, by j
Royden E. Reno; selections from "Mikado," :
by Fred Miller Owen; encore, paper, "His Ex- j
perience in a Teastore" ; '-Tae Military Bach," :
by Ed F. More; "Bachelors, Young and Old,"
by Walter D. Young; "The Irish Bachelor,"
original poem, Richard P. O'Connor; "The
Pig and the Bach," by Alfred H. Clark; "Single
Blessedness," by Walter G. O'Brien; "Oh, Would
I Were a Cavalry Bach," John J. Wood.
At the conclusion of the programme re
freshments were served, each gentleman serv- j
ing samples of his own work in a culinary |
way. The meetings of this club are held on I
the second and fourth Thursdays of each !
month. New papers are ordered prepared for
the next meeting, after which adjournment i
was in order.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered to
Mr. and Mrs. J. Umhalt on Friday evening,
June 5, at their residence, 123 Francisco street,
in honor of the ninth anniversary of their
marriage. Several vocal selections were ren
dered by Mrs. Gllly and Mrs. Nagel, accom
panied on the piano by Professor Umhalt. A
mandolin and piano solo by William Kaiser
and • A. Gudehus and comic recitations by H.
Fecht added to the evening's enjoyment.
Those present were : Mr. and Mrs. H. Fecht,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Hunteman, Mr. and Mrs. Na
gel, Mr. and Mrs. D. Huuteman, Mr. and Mrs.
Waldeck; Mr. and Mrs. Huencke, Mrs. C.
Gudehus, Mrs. H. Wellman, Mrs. Umhalt, Mrs.
Gilly, Mrs. Kelly, Mrs. Stark, Mrs. Krempke.
1 Mrs. Stange, Miss Emma Cranz, Miss Annie
Hutman, Miss Meta Boyan, Miss Gesine
Krauspe, Miss Addie Gudehus, William Kaiser,
Dr. F. Cranz, H. Goetz, A. Gudehus.
The exhibition given by the pupils of Irvine's
Academy on Saturday evening was a grand
success. The hall was packed to its utmost.
The dancing by the children was perfect in
every way. Many difficult numbers were in
troduced, among some of which were the fol
lowing: Hungarian, Esmeralda, Moorish,
Polish, Tarantelle, Jockey's Frolic, Chautauqua
Square, Stately Minuet. Some fine singing was
also rendered by the talented child artists Miss
Victoria Orr and little Rosie Bennett. Great
credit is due the teacher for getting up an ex
hibition of such fine talent. Dancing was con
tinued until 12 o'clock.
The Athenaeum School of Dancing held their
second entertainment at the Verein Eintracht
Hall on Wednesday evening, June 10. An ex
cellent programme of fancy and characteristic
dances, interspersed with vocal selections, was
presented ana greatly enjoyed by the large
audience present. . ' v
Mrs. William A. Etting and daughter have
gone to Santa Rosa for the summer.
Mrs. Leale, Miss Elsie Leale. Miss Jessie
Banks and Miss Ethel Banks have gone to Cor
onado for the summer. .
Mrs. Vocke and Miss Minna Vocke are at
Napa Soda Springs for the season.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Rodgers and the Misses
Annie and Hazel Montgomery are at Camp
Taylor lor the season.
Mrs. M. A. Runyon and Miss Grace Runyon
have left for an extended southern trip.
Stephen V. Elliott, a well-known sporting
man, will soon start on his annual camping
trip through Calaveras County, stopping at
Angels Camp.
Hugh Mel. Porter of San Jose, the energetic
and popular correspondent of The Call, was i
married yesterday to Mrs. Frankie Merrill, and
came to San Francisco to remain a few days.
Mrs.- Herman Conn, accompanied by her
family and her mother. Mrs. S. Harris, is
spending the summer at San Rafael.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Rosenberg of San Salvador
left last Thursday evening for an extended
trip to the Eastern States and Europe.
Miss Regina Levy, who has been visiting in
Helena, nas returned to San Francisco and is
residing with her sister. Mrs. M. Stud zinski at
2222 Pine street. They will be at home every
second Friday in the month. *
S. Joseph Theisen, the young attorney, has
gone to Denver. Colo., on a business and
pleasure trip.
,* , nd , MrsJ - Arnheim have removed to
1500 Jackson street, corner of Larkin Mrs
Arnheim will receive as usual on the first
Monday of each month. •
Joseph R. Brandon the attorney, left on
Monday last for Barbadoes, West India Islands
Mr. Brandon goes to close up the estate of his
mother, recently deceased. En route Mr
Brandon will visit Chicago, Philadelphia Bal-'
an MM E r a:^n?ou 9 r5- * .* cU * *«• "turned from
Hof r8 X. A " I . i ;, Martln and children of Presidio
ASS KrmVß^E^o 8
of Alameda, will leave on the 18th in,t (for
ladle* ) " oneofLosAn Sele=> r popularyoung
the h a t^*f-<°'£ aUa ? nan sailed <> Friday on
to mv« f d C lifornlß *«<■ ? brief vacation trip
mvo ?n? n 2 f the soun d cities and Vlctona.
the An™ ♦ ™ ott T as a Passenger onboard
the Augusta Victoria which arrived in New
York on Friday, the 12th inst. After a short
visit in the metropolis Mrs. Prescott will re
turn home after an absence of nearly a year.
The class of '90, Polytechnic High Scnool,
will hold their graduating party this Monday
.evening. June 10, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Mrs. Elizabeth Finch Bartlett, assisted by
Miss Cathie Coursen and M. A. Edelmann, will
give a recital at the First English Lutheran
Church for the benefit of the organ fund on
Tuesday evening, June 16.
A benefit entertainment and ball will be
tendered to Alexander Donaldson by his many
i friends at D'nai Brilh Hall on Saturday even
ing, June 20.
Last Tuesday evening Native Sons' Hall was ,
the scene of a select gathering, the occasion i
being the Mystics' twentieth party. The grand I
niari'h was led by Miss Emily Aithof and Ci.
Schord Jr. Tiie programmes, souvenirs of the
1 ocpnsion, were distributed by Misi Lizzie
Griffin and Mr. H. G. Muller. The Mystics'
second anniversary will be celebrated at the
Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday evening, Au-
S Tne Mission Literary and Social Club gave
a most >uccessful entertainment and dance on
last Wednesday evening. The club will Rive
it< next entertainment the latter part of next
month.
The Rincon Prill Corps will hold its annual
picnic and excursion to Sunset Park on next
Sunday, June 21.
A garden partvwill be given in Belvedere
Saturday, June 20. by the Ladies' Church Or-
I ganization for the benefit of the church build
nig fund. A fine musical programme will be
rendered by the Angel Island Band and prom
inent artists.
The engagement is announced of H. i-a
-bregue to Miss Helen Reymond.
Mrs. George H. Lent and Miss Mamie Hooker
are spending some time at the Vendome, Saa
Jose.
Mrs. P. T. M. Wate, accompanied by her
mother, .Mrs. Vero, will leave for Los Guilicos
Warm Sprines on Thursday to spend the sum
mer months. Mi«s Wate will follow later In
the month.
Dr. Byron W. names, accompanied by Mrs.
Haines and daughter and Mrs. A. Baker of the
Hotel Pleasanton, left for a trip to Honolulu
on the Peru and expect to be away about nve
weeks.
H. W. Scott, the editorial writer of the Port
land Orogonian. and Mrs. Scott are spending a
few weeks at Kiamath Hot storings.
Menry Meyer and Matt Lindsay left the City
on tfte fith inst. on b: cycles lor the Yosemite
Valley. They are going to camp on the road
side nnd in the valley, where they expect to
have several days for sight-seeing. They in
tend to return to "the City on the 14th or 15th
inst.
Mrs. Elmer E. Cottle, one of the maids of
honor at the recent San Jose Rose Carnival,
has been visitiiin her mother. Bin. C. B. Merfcs
oi Kimhurst, Alatoeda County, fur the last
week. She will be given a farewell party be
fore she returns home, as she has become a
great favorite with Elmnum society during
her shot t visit.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Maskey are among the
visitors at Kiamath Hot Springs.
Mrs. T. F. Parmtt, accompanied by her niece,
MLbB S. T. Shrieve, will spend a few weeks at
Santa Cruz and Monterey.
Mr. and Mr-. 8. Cohen and family have gone
to Los Angeles for the summer.
Miss Aggie Gore van has gone to San Jose on
a visit.
Mr. and Mrs. R. F. Scott of Oakland, who
haw spent the past two months at Howard
nnd Adams springs, Lake County, are at Lake
port on their way home.
Mrs. M. .1. Foiitana and family left on the
10th of this mouth for %heir camp at "Moor
janrt." Contra * nsta County. They will return
to this city the first week in August.
Mrs. I Richard .Stone and family have left
for -KmLTald Bay," Lake Tahoe, to spend tho
summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Kahn have gone to Har
bin bpringa for a mouth's stay.
Mi--s Kosie Goldstone of 1406 Post street will
leave on the 17th ol this m^nth to visit her
sister, Mrs. Phil Conn, of Heppner, Or.
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Heyman are spending
several weeks Rt the Geysers.
Mr. and Mr?. Thomns E. Dunne of 1423 Hyde
street have gone to Los Angeles for a two
weeks' visit.
Mr. and Mrs. Ekstrand and their daughter
Emma have gone to Mill Valley for the sum
mer.
A. Reynolds aud famly are spending the
summer at the Hot. 1 Movie Vista in Mill Val
ley.
Miss Bertha J. Roth of Los Angeles is visit
ing her aunt, Mrs. Joseph Rotb.
I NDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Over 53.000.000 Damage* Claimed by
Californiaiig Againat the Govern
ment.
S. W. de Witt, the agent of the Depart
ment of Justice at Washington, who is
collecting evidence on Indian depredation
claims filed against the Government, is in
the City.
He has been at work in the Pacific States
a little over a year and will soon return to
headquarters after visiting Sonoma and
Humboldt counties. His work is not fin
ished by any means, as there are persons
in the City with claims for hundreds of
thousands of dollars, and many others
living in the Sacramento Valley. All
tbe?e will De left until his return trip.
The Sonoma case is that of a widow at
Petaluma named Sarah J. Fowler, who has
two small claims that he wishes to hear as
an accommodation at this season.
In all there are 11,000 claims against the
Government for depredations committed
by Indians and they amount to $50,000,000.
Most of the damage ha? been committed
west of the Missouri, but Mr. de Witt takes
testimony and examines witnesses when
ever the claimant may re?ide at present.
When he has completed his inquiries ho
sends the information on to the Court of
Claims at Washington.
Most of the depredations have been com
mitted in the Territories where Indian
warfare and reservation outbreaks have
most frequently occurred. California's
claims, however, amount to between SU -
000,000 and $3,000,000.
There are in England and Wales 14,960
football clubs.
NEW TO-DAY. .
Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt.
mHERE IS NOT ONE AS GOOD; NONE
J-as strong in electricity-giving power;
none as durable and none that have the
patented regulator, which is a necessary-
part of the Dr. San den Electric Belt. A
regulator to allow the patient to control
the electric current is an absolute neces-
sity to every electric belt. Ask any one
who has used the old-style belts and you
win learn that a regulator is a very impor-
tant feature. .
This is i nly one of the reasons why Dr.
bandeii's Electric Belt, is the best. An-
other is the great number of cures it has
made. Cure— that is the thing you want
after all— not talk.
"I have been laid up for six weeks from an
injury to my kidneys when I eot your belt.
Tne L belt has cured, me entirely in the few
v ; eeks that I have worn it. I will never begrudge
the price."— J. S. Johnson Hueneme, Ventura
County, Cal.
_What cures others should cure you.
'Three Classes of Men," witu full informa-
tion and price list, is free; get it.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace HoteL Office hours- 8 a. if. to
8:30 P. m.- Sundays, 10 to 1. > «.«.•»
OFFICES AT- J
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORT! vn fin
204 Sonth Broadway/T^a^hing^a^et.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTiiRVifT at
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION
SUNBURNPATRIOTISM IN
THIS COUNTRY
Love of Institutions and
Principles the True
Sign.
RELIGION AND POLITICS.
"A Man's Conscience Is Respon
sible Only to the One
Great Judge."
ALL FCR GOOD CITIZENSHIP.
The Patriots of Colonial Times Fougl t
Against the Joining of Church
and State.
Professor AlonzoT. Jones of New York
delivered an interesting lecture on the
subject: "What is Patriotism in This
Country?" at Metropolitan Temple yester
day. The attendance was not nearly so
large as usual, but the enthusiasm of those
present more than made amends for this
deficiency.
Chairman Quitzow opened the meeting
with a few general remarks, excusing the
small attendance because of the beautiful
day at park and seashore. Dr. George T.
Derrick followed m a brief address, after
which the speaker of the day was intro
duced.
"What is patriotism in this country?"
said Professor Jones. "Thai is a question
which needs to be thoroughly understood.
Love of country is much more than affec
tion for mountains, rills and rivers. It is
the love of country which extends to its
principles and its institutions which
makes ttie country what It is.
"The chief principle involved nowadays
is the same as existed when the country
was established — the relation of religion
and state. Our fat ers said: That reli
gion, or the duty which we owe to our
Creator and the manner of discharging it,
can be directed only by reason and convic
tion, not by force or "violence, and there
fore all men are equally entitled to the
free exercise of religion according to the
dictates of conscience."
The speaker discoursed on the relation
of religion to the Government as viewed
by the Colonies. He said that Jefferson,
Adams and others fought apainst the es
tablishment of any particular church, fur
the reason that such act would be merely
"erecting a claim to infallibility which
would lead us back to the church of
Rome."
"It was contended," continued the
speaker, "that a man's conscience is re
sponsible only to the great Judge; hence
it is easily seen that the one thing our
fathers had in|view in giving religious free
dom was to escape th church of Rome.
In order to do this, however, it was neces
sary that uo church or religion be given
the preference. This was done in Penn
sylvania before the Government was even
established.
"Other colonies followed suit, with the
result that the Declaration of Independ
ence carried with it tnis fundamental
principle of success. Before this, how
ever, a vigorous attempt was made to pass
in the General Assembly 'a bill establish
ing a provision for teachers of the Chris
tian religion.' it provided for a general
assessment on all taxable property for the
purpose named, each person, as he paid the
tax, to say to which particular denomina
tion he desired it conveyed. The bill w^s
successfully carried to the third reading
and then checked Dy a motion of Madison
to postpone to the next General Assem
bly. Madison immediately issued the fol
lowing letter, which finally caused me de
feat of the measure:
Because we hold it for a fundamental and
undeniable truth that religion, or the duty
which we owe to our Creator, and the manner
ot discharging it can be directed only by
reason and conviction, not by force or vio
ience—the religion, then, of every man must
be left to tne conviction and conscience of
every roan; and it is the right of every man
to exercise it us these may dictate. This richt
is, in its nature, an inalienable; right. It is
inalienable, because the opinions of men, de
pending only on tbe evidence contemplated
in their own minds, cannot follow the. dic
tates of other men. It is inalienable, also, be-
Ckuse what Is here a right toward men is a
duty toward the Creator. It is the duty of
every man to render to the Creator .such hom
age, and such only, as he believes to be ac
ceptable to him. . .
This duty is precedent, both in order of time
and in degree of obligation, to the claims of
civil society. Beiore any man can be consid
ered as a member of civil society, he must be
considered as a subject of the Governor of the
universe; and if a member of civil society,
who enters into any subordinate association,
must always do with a reservation of his
duty to the general authority, much more
must every man who becomes a member of
any particular civil society do it with a saving
of his allegiance to the Universal Sovereign.
We maintain, therefore, that in matters of re
ligion no man's right is abridged by the insti
tution of civil society, and that religion is
wholly exempt from its cognizance. True it is,
that no other rule exists by which any question
■which may divide a society can be ultimately
determined than the will of the majority; but
it is also true that the majority may trespass
upon the rights of the minority.
Because, if religion Is exempt from the
authority of society at large, still less can
it be subject to that of the legislative body.
The latter is but the creature and vicegerent
of the former. Its jurisdiction is both deriva
tive and limited. It is limited with regard to
the co-ordinate departments; more necessarily
is it limited with regard to the constituents.
The preservation of a free government requires
not merely that the metes and bounds which
teparate each department of power be invari
ably maintained, but more especially that
neither of them De sufferci to overleap the
great barrier which defends the rights of the
j.eople. The rulers who are guilty of such an
encroachment exceed the commission from
which they derive their authority, and are
tyrants. The people who submit to it are gov
erned by laws made neither by themselves nor
by any authority derived from them, and are
slaves. " • • • ,
Because experience wltnesseth that eccle
siastical establishments, instead of maintain
ing the purity and efficacy of religion, have
had a contrary operation. During almost
fifteen centuries has the legal establishment
of Christianity been on trial. What have been
its fruits? More or less, in all places, pride
and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and
servility in the laity; in both, superstition,
bigotry and persecution. Inquire oi the teach
era of Christianity for the ages in which it ap
peared in Its greatest luster; those of every
beet point to the ages prior to its incorpora
tion with civil polity. Propose a restoration
' of this primitive state, in which its teachers
depend on the voluntary regard of their flocks,
many of them predict its downfall. On
which side ought their testimony to have
greatest weight— for, or when against,
their interest ?
"It is proper now to see if there is any
special need to revise the laws made by
our forefathers. You are all familiar with
the fact that the church of Rome has
made assertions that she wanted tins
country. This comes clean from Leo to
San Francisco. In 1892 the Supreme Court
of the United States declared this country
a Christian Nation, proving it by docu
ments issued by Ferdinand and Isabella to
Columbus. Soe what followed this. July
11, 1892, there was published in this coun
try, in the New York Sun, a letter from
the Vatican announcing the plans of Leo
XIII respecting the United States and
throughout the world. In this letter it
was written:
What the church has done in the past for
others she will now do for the United States.
• •. • Like all intuitive souls he hails in the
United American States and in their young
«'.id flourishing church the source of new life
for Europeans. He wants America to be pow
erful, in order that Europe may regain
strength from borrowing a rejuvenated type.
♦ * * If the United States succeed in solving
the many problems that puzzle us Europe will
follow her example and this outpouring of
light will mark a date in the history not only
of the United States but of all humanity.
"In October, 1892, Francis Satolli, Arch
bishop of Leponto, was sent to tais coun
try as the personal representative of the
Pope, ostensibly to represent the Pope's
interest in the Columbian Exposition, but
in reality to be permanent apostolic dele
gate at the capital of the Nation, with as
surance under the seal of 'the fisherman's
ring' that whatever he does shall be con
firmed by the Pope.
"Bepte*mbers, 1893, at the World's Cath
olic Congress, Chicago, this same Satolli
delivered to 'the Catholics of America' the
following message from Leo XIII:
In the name of Leo XIII I salute the great
American republic, and I call upon the Catho
lics of America to go forward, in one hand
bearing the book of Christian truth and in the
other the constitution of the United States.
* * * Bring your fellow-countrymen,
bring your country, into immediate contact
with that great secret of blessedness— Christ
and Ms church. • * * Here you have
a country which will repay all effort not merely
tenfold, but, aye! a hundred-fold. And this
no one understands better than the immortal
Leo. And he charges me, his delegate, to speak
out to America words of hope and blessing,
world of joy. Go forward! in one hand bearing
the book oi" Christian truth— the Bible— and in
the other the constitution of the United States.
"A few days later, September 24, 1893,
Professor Thomas O'Gorman of the Catho
lic University, Washington, D. C, having
been announced in the published pro
gramme to read a paper at the World's
Parliament of Religions on 'The Relation
of the Catholic Cburch to America,'
changed the title to 'The Relation of Chris
tianity to America,' and declared that 'by
right bf discovery and possession, dating
back almost nine hundred years, America
is Christian'; cited evidences in proof of
'an acquaintance between America and the
churcn in times when the only Christian
ity in existence was Catholic,' and de
clared that this is 'a Nation that shall find
its perfection in Catholic Christianity.'
"October 18 and 19, 1893, the jubilee of Car
dinal Gibbons *as celebrated at Baltimore.
The night of the 18th Archbishop Ireland
delivered a panegyric in which he ex
claimed :
I preach the new, the most glorious crusade.
Church and age! Unite them in mind and
heart, in the name oi humanity, in the name
of God. Cnurch and age! * • * Monsignor
t-Htolli, the church and the age. Koiue is the
church; America is the age.
"And at tbe banquet the night of the
19th the archbi shop again spoke to the fol
lowing purpose:
I do not know whether or not you appreciate
the f uil value of the union you see typified
tu're ti-night— the union of the Catholic church
aud America; the fraternity between the
cnurch and the non-Catholic- of the Nation.
The Viee-Presidrnt of the United States comes
here and takes his seat alongside the cardinal.
The spirit oi fraternity between church and
state thus typified is the result of the work of
our American cardinal.
September 24 the Newspaper dispatches
stated that Bishop Keane was the bearer
of a rescript from Pope Leo XIII, of which
the import was as follows:
The papal rescript elevates the United States
to the first rank as a Catholic Nation. Hereto
iore this country has stood before the church
as a missionary country. It had no more rec
ognition officially at Rome than China. By
tlie new rt^cript the country is freed from the
propaganda and is declared to be a Catholic
country.
In his encyclical of January fi. 1595, to
the hierarchy in America, Leo XIII him
self speaks and says:
We highly esteem and love exceedingly the
young and vigorous American Nation, iv
which we plainly discern latent forces for the
advancement alike of civilization and of Chris
tianity. * * * The fact tnat Catholicity
with you is in good condition, nay, is even en
joying a prosperous growth, is by all means to
be* attributed to the fecundity with which Ciod
has endowed his church; • ♦ • but she
would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in
addition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the
laws and the patronagt <■/ the public authority.
Now, can an; man read over this string of
facts and denvthat there is being tarried on
by the papscy in the United Slates a fixed
purpose to crowd itself into pluee in this Na
tion as the "Christianity" of '-this Christian
Nation." Rome has caught the cue of the Su
preme Court's interpretation oi the constitu
tion, and is using it to her advantage. It
behooves American citizens to work hard and
they intend to overcome the power she
has already attained.
MICKEY O`BRIEN`S BRICK.
With It the Newsboy Knocks
Out a Third-Street Car
Conductor.
He Resented Being Pilched Into the
Street While He Was Plying
H;s Trade.
Little "Mickey" O'Brien, who sells
papers at the corner of Third and Market
streets, and incidentally does business in
transfers, to the great displeasure of Super
intendent Vining and his minions, is the
hero of the hour among the gamins who
know him.
Single-handed, but with a brick in it, he
captured car 1103 yesterday morning at
8:50 o'clock running south from MarKet.
'•Mickey" was not looking for trouble; it
was forced upon him, and he stood ois
ground to do battle.
In tbe course of his business he boarded
the car, offering his wares to the passen
gers. The conductor spied him, and,
reaching out, grabbed him by the nape of
the neck and pitched him out onto the
hard pavement. Tne act was a ruffianly
one, and might have seriously injured any
lad, but not "Mickey.' 1
Tho'passengers who witnessed the bru
tal a/tion of tiis conductor were not back
ward in expressing themselves. While
they were so doing Mickey was picking
himself up and hunting for ammunition
to continue warfare.
He spied a brick. That was just his
size, and he wielded it to tne great discom
fort of the passengers on the rear dummy,
who dodged inside of the car for protec
tion. They were unacquainted witli
Mickey's accuracy of aim or else they
need have no fear.
Straight from Mickey's fist the bricK
flew and landed with an ominous thud ou
the conductor's stomach.
It only smashed the fellow's watch, and
he soon recovered his wind. Picking the
brick up, he hurled it back at the kid, but
it overstiot the mam.
Fearing further hostilities, the conduc
tor rang two bells for the car to start.
By this time Mickey felt master of the
situation. He held all the ammunition
and the enemy was in retreat. But that
was not enough; he went in pursuit.
The .window at the rear enu of the car
was open, and just the other side of it was
tlie conductor's back. It made an elegant
larget, and Mickey prides himself now
that he made a clean bullseyo.
The brick fetched up against the back of
the conductor's neck atid knocked him
down. The police are now looking for
little "Mickey r> O'Brien, who is wanted on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
FALL OF THE BASTILE.
The French Colony Will Celebrate the
Anniversary at the Chutes.
P. A. Bergerot presided at the Saturday
meeting of the Fourteenth of July com
mittee appointed by the French colony to
arrange for the celebration of the anniver
sary of the fall of the Bastile.
The fete will be held in the new pavilion
built on the grounds of the chutes, near
tbe park.
The literary committee presented the
following programme:
Overture, president's adiross, "Hail Co
lumblu" by the orchestra.uddress by the Fetich
Consul, Lyre Francaise chorus, J£ngii«h ad
dress, "Star Spangled Banner," address in
French, "La Marseillaise," with the Lyre Fran
ca ise cnorus.
After the fireworks at night there will be j
the usual dancing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
HISTORIC PAPERS
LOST IN THE BAY.
Five Carloads of Original
Documents Dumped as
Refuse.
BUT A FEW ARE SAVED.
Private Letters of Halleck, Sutter,
Leidesdorff, Lick and Span
ish Dons.
THEY TOLD OF EARLY DAYS.
Carted Away by an Innocent Janitor.
A Letter on Selecting a Site
for Chico.
Through the presentation of a number
of papers to the Park Museum by Louis
Plank of 2600 Sacramento street there has
been brought to light the fact that many
papers and documents which would have
been of inestimable value to the historian
of San Francieco and the State have been
lost forever.
"Some time ago, while in the museum
in Golden Gate Park," said Mr. Plank last
evening, "I noticed that there was no
display of documents relating to the early
history of this State and City and having
a number of writings beariug on that sub
ject 1 concluded to donate a few."
Among the contribution are bank checks
of some of the old-time banks of this City,
such as Page, Bacon & Co., Lucas, Turner
& Co. and Palmer, Cook & Co.; also, a bill
from Thomas Sprague against the Civil
Government of California for $200 for an
iron safe, certified as correct on the 30th
of April, 1848, by J. L. Folsom, Assistant
Quartermaster and Collector of the Port.
Captain Folsom was at one time one of the
largest land-owners in this City. Folsom
street was named for him and he was the
owner of the property at Second and Fol
som streets, on wnich now stands the Wie
land Brewery.
There is a receipt from Adolph Sutro,
the present Mayor, dated April, 1853,
when he was engaged in business at 113
Sacramento street, for two boxes of candles,
sixty-four pounds, at 35 cents a pound.
An agreement by which William A.
Leidesdorff, prominent in early history,
offering to sell to D. Baxter a lot at the
southwest corner of Battery and Sacra
mento streets lor $36,000 cash or $40,000 on
the installment plan, was among the num
ber. This bears date of September 29, 1851,
but does not give the dimensions of the
property offered.
A bill for merchandise sold to Don
Rafael Pinto of the bam Muscovia, seiz»d
by Henrique Richardson, the man who
laid out old Sausalito, and after whom
Richardson's Bay was named.
Ad order from George Hyde, first
Alcalde, dated October, 1848, directing
\Vm. D. M. Howard, administrator of the
estate of Leidesdorff, to pay certain money
to Henry Gerke, who was well known in
early days, the owner of much realty on
the western slope of Telegraph Hill.
A receipt from Frank Ward for ribbons
and silks, bought by W. Cheds, and dated
Yerba Buena, August 24, 1846. That is be
fore San Francisco was known.
A receipt from Robert A. Parker, dated
April, 1847, for $25 45 for freight on a
piano and furniture from New York to
San Francisco.
A bill of goods, charged to William A.
Leidesdorff, dated Yerba Buena, July 20,
1846, and signed by Josiah Belden for the
owners of the bark Don Quixote, from
whom the goods were purchased.
A promissory note by Leidesdorff in the
following words:
Fifty days after date I promise to pay to
Thomas O. Larkin the sum of two hundred and
seven dollars, payable in hides.
.December 8, 1847, San Francisco.
This would show that in those days
money was not very plentiful.
There is also a bill from the San Fran
cisco Gas Company against George W.
Frink showing that from April 11 to 18,
1855, he consumed 1500 feet of gas at $15
The executive officers of the Thirtieth Assembly (Republican) Club, organ
ized in the interest of the party for the coming campaign. Both officers and
members are energetic, determined yonng men, who are sound on' Republican
principles and will show a good record next November.
per thousand feet— s22 50— but the com
pany, in consideration of prompt pay
ment, allowed a rebate of 6 per cent.
"About two years ago, when Mont
gomery block wa3 sold," continued Mr.
Piank, "I happened to De in the old build
ing and noticed a number of papers
thrown in a heap on the floor. Picking
up a few of them I noticed that they were
of the character of those I gave to the
Park Museum. Having for a number of
years been a collector of all I could find
relating to California history I noticed at
once that from a historical point they
were valuable.
"The janitor asked me if I wanted any
of them. I told him I should like a few,
and he told me to take them ali, and
added: 'If you had been here two weeks
ago you could have had all you wanted,
for I had four or five cartloads carried
away from here and dumped into the bay.'
To say that I was mad wheil 1 heard that
is a mild way to put it. I secured all there
was left, two boxes full, aud have them
now.
"Here," said Mr. Plank taking up a
paper at random from a drawer in his
desk, "is an interesting letter from Gen
eral Sutter."
Following is a copy of this as written on
his farm at Helvetia:
Hock, July 4, 1849.
Arch C. Peachy, Esquire:
Dear Sir: Yesterday I has had the pleasure
of sending you a letter by Olympia. I hope
you now in possession of it. I take the liDerty
to introduce to you my friend Mr. J. Bidwell,
he can give you every information about the
country as he knows her through and through.
He Knows a good place for a town near the
Butes, perhaps it would be good if you, lieu
tenant Maynard and myself lay one out there.
Excuse my haste and beleive me my dear sir
yours respectfully your obedient servant and
friend J. A. Sutteb.
• Arch C. Peachy
Barque Whlton
Sacramento City
This refers to General Bidwell and the
proposition in those early days to lay out
the city which is now known as Chico,
and A. C. Peachy was in later years a
member of the law firm of Peachy, Bil
lings & Halleck. the owners at one time of
Montgomery block.
Mr. Plank produced a charter party by
wnich Samuel Brannan gave D. W. M.
Howard the use of the launch Rainbow to
carry freight or passengers from Jniy 12,
1849, in consideration of $415 a mouth ; an
order from H. W. Halleck, Secretary of
State, authorizing Captain Folsom to re
ceive from William Richardson, ex-Col
lector of the Port and the first Harbor
Master of San Francisco Bay, 5000 Pe
ruvian dollars of uncertain value in part
payment of money due the civil Govern
ment, and a mortgage civen by Leidesdorff
to James Lick for $10,000 loaned on the
City Hotel.
At the foot of this document is the word
"cancelled," the signature of James Lick
and the date, September 18, 1848.
The papers in the possession of Mr.
Plank are so many in number that he has
not had time to examine them all, but
they are very interesting. They are tne
private papers of Captain Folsom, W. A.
Leidesdorff, A. C. Peachy and General H.
W. Halleck, all of which throw light on
the early history of this City.
A BEAUTIFUL OLD EPITAPH.
In Was Translated From the Gaelic lv
an Old Scottish Cnurch.
There is something singularly beautiful
and affectinc in the following epitaph,
wnich an old newspaper represents as
translated from one (in Gaelic, probably)
in the parish church of Glenorchy, in
Argyllshire:
"Lo, she lies here in the dust, and her
memory fills me with grief; silent is the
tongue of Melody, and the hand of ele
j gance is now at re3t.
"No more shall the poor give thee his
i blessing, nor shall the naked be warmed
j with tiie fleece of thy flock; the tear shalt
| thou not wipe away from the eye of the
j wretched. Where now, O feeble, is thy
i wanted _help? No more, my Fair, shall
I we meet thee in the social hall; no more
shall we sit at thy hospitable board. Gone
forever is tlie sound of mirth; tne hind,
the candid, the meefc is now no more.
Who can express our grief! Flow, ye tears
of woe!"
A Napoleonic, Legend Sooiled.
The Napoleonic legend tells how Napo
leon, while Moscow was in flames, found
time to draw up a decree organizing the
Theatre Francais. Alas! the story is not
true. The French national archives have
recently been overhauled, and it transpires
that Napoleon was in Poland when he re
ceived the decree ready to be signed. He
there signed it and sent it back to Paris,
but in the margin wrote the following:
"To be forwarded when the army will be
at Moscow. It is his Majesty's intention
that the decree should be dated from that
town." The archives do not say wnether
the decree was sent to Moscow or not, bat
it was certainly not drawn up there. — Paris
Daily Messenger.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW.
Operations of the Torrens Land
System in Ohio Ex
plained.
IS A SUCCESS IX ILLINOIS,
A Much Btter Showing Being Made
This Month in Building
Operations.
The Torrens Land Transfer System, which
has been iii use in Illinois since the first of the
present year, is giving excellent satisfaction
there.according to the reports published in the
newspapers of Chicago and other cities of the
State. • The Supreme Court of Illinois declared
the law constitutional, and as it is the first State
in the Union to adopt the system its operation
and benefits will be watched with keen inter
est by all real-estate dealers and owners
throughout the country. There are many ad
vantages claimed for the system, all of which
seem to be well snstained by its operations in
Illinois.
Ohio has also adopted the system and it will
go into effect in that State the Ist of Septem
ber next. At a recent meeting of business men
held in Cincinnati J. T. Harrison, a prominent
attorney of that city, read a paper which suc
cintly and in simple language explaiued the
Torrens system. The Cincinnati Commercial
Gazette of May 24 gives the following report of
Mr. Harrison's address on the subject:
He explained In a detailed way the working of
the "Torrens Land System," which is named after
Sir .Robert Torrens an Englishman. This system
was introduced Into Australia in 1858 and bad
been used in the New Zealand colonies since 1870.
and in England since 1875 and Canada since 1883
and In Illinois since tbe tim of the present year.
It will Dccome effective in Ohio September 1. It
bad been used in Prussia, Bavaria and other Ku
roppan countries for a century, and in I ainburg
for 600 years. At tue World's i'atr the change was
tirst agitated In Amer.ca. There was Drts»nt
there a real estate congress. Tne system provides
that a title be examined by an expert down to a
given time, and wJien the title is thus certified it
must hold good. This fixes a basis and avoids long
examinations.
A title tlius once registered and certified is Is
sued to the owner, and upon this certificate all no
tations of liens or other interests which affect the
land are stated. No interest in the land can be
made a lien upon It until so seated on the register
aud certificate. If an owner w nts to mar gage
his land he does so in duplicate; gives them to
the lender, who presents both to the Recorder,
who files ihe duplicule aud returns the original to
the lender with the proper notations ihereon. If
the title is transferred the old cert ilicate is re
turned and canceled, and a new certificate issued
to the purchaser.
The old system is a back number. This is
shown plainly. In Chicago, from October, 1871,
to December, 1895, there were transcribed and re
corded in 501) volumes '2,326,819 legal documents:
up to March 15, 1894, there had been filed in the
Hecorder's oflttce ■.',»00,t134 volumes. The annual
cost in Chicago is about $10,00J,000. All of this
was causid by the great tire. Cincinnati has 800
large volumes of deed records, 700 of mortgages
and 150 lease records, not to su., anything auout
many of the reports and books. The present sys
tem is too tedious. Under the new one a bonower
can negotiate a loan In a few minutes. The pres
ent system is a chain which is only as strong as its
weakest link, and often this Is very weak. Title
examinations in Chicago for 189) cost $3,000,000.
Mr. Harrison cited numerous objections to the old
law and pointed out the advantages of tbe new
oue.
When the law becomes effective in Ohio it will
be optional with all toe owners of land ami repre
sentatives of estates to maKe application for the
registration of titles. The application must be
made to the Probate or Common Pleas Court. The
law gives tho^ourt ample time lor investigation,
and upon satisfactory evidence a proper certificate
is issued. The Recorder must r-'glster the title,
when certified to by the court, and Issue the proper
ceitillcates. Corporations must give names of offi
cers. Executors and administrators have rules
laid down for them. All transfers are made In the
office of the Recorder. At death land passes to
the personal representative of the estate, who may
have the land registered and certificates obtained
for the heirs. Land bought under this act hi to pay
1-10 of 1 per cent of tae tax value. This provides
for an assurance fund. Provision is made fur re
imbursements. The fees under the new system
are very reasonable.
In closing Mr Harrison said: The fees required
are to the referee not less than $5, no more than
$r 0, and such other fees on filing the application
and 10 the Recorder from '_' cents to $2 for each
paper filed or Item of service rendered. The fee
for examining and registering each transfer of
registered land, including the tiling of all papers
therein, entering memorials, issuing new certifi
cates Of title, and Indexing same, $2 50. The fee
of the referee is also to be estimated at one-half of
1 per cent upon the value of the land appraised
for taxation up to $10,000. 1 I estimate that upon
a piece of real estate worth $3001). and which
would be valued for taxation at about $1800, the
total cost for registration would be in the neigh
borhood of $30, including Httorntv's fees.
This is about the cost of one examination and
abstract of ti.le. Penalties are provided for fraud
ulent registration, alterations of register to >k In
the Recorder's office, m king the same a felony—
Imprisonment in the penitentiary from one to five
years, also a fine not exceeding $5000. Forgery
In the matter is made punishable by imprison
in the penitentiary from one to ten years and a
flue not exceeding $5000. All books, papers and
documents filed in the Recorder's office are de
clared the subjects of larceny, and that the of
fender, when convicted, shall be imprisoned in the
penitentiary from one to seven years. Perjury v
made a felony, punishable by imprisonment in the
penitentiary fro v one to six years.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There was a notable increase last week in
the amounts called for in the building con
tracts filed. The number filed was 19, aggre
gating $150,9tt'2. This included a portion of
tbe contracts, three in number, aggregating
$52,881, for the new building of the San Fran
cisco Gaslight Company, on Post street, near
Powell. The contracts filed thus far during the
month aggregate nearly a quarter of a million
oi dollars, and it is probable that at the pres
ent rate the total for the month will be large
enough to make up for the falling off in Maj.
There were 101 transfers recorded last week.
Eighty-one mortgages, aggregating s249,s33,
were placed on record last week. Tne larger
ones and ihe security given were:
By the German Savings and Loan Society,
for one year at (% per cent, $25,000, on prop
erty on the ea?t li.ie ot Stockton street, 50 feet
south of Butter, south 40 by east 80, and prop
erty on tne southwest corner of Green and
Webster streets, south 137:6 by west 101:l^s;
by the Hibornia Savings and Loan Society, for
one year at 6% per cen», $'20,000, on property
at the southwest corner of Stockton and Union
streets, south 68:9 by west 115; by the
California Title Insurance a:id Trust Company
for one year at 6,£ per cent, $15,000 ou prop
erly at the southeast corner oi Sansome and
Commercial streets, north 50, east 60, south
16:8, east 30, north 66:8, west 90; by the Hi
bernia Savings and Loan .society for one year
et (J'j per cent, $10,000 on property at the
southeast corner of Goush and O'Farrell
meets, south 60. east 103:8, south 30, east
34:4' 2 , north 90, west 137:6, nnd by the Ger
man savin ss and Lofiti Society for one year at
61.;6 1 .; per cent, $12,000 on property on the north
lii.c of Post street, 98:9 feet west of Polk, west
68:9 by north 120.
Sixty-two releases, aggregating $238,375,
were filed last week. The principal ones were:
By the French Bank to Francoise Tainere,
$47,000 on properly at the northwest corner
of Hyde and McAllister streets, west 70 by
north 114:6; by Abraham B. Keesing to Han
nah Keesing, $12,000 on properly at the
northwest corner of Twentieth street and
Potrero avenue, north 408 Dy west 100; by E.
H. Knight to Charles A. King, $12,850 on
property at the southeast corner of Green and
Webster streets, east 192:6, south 137:0, wesr
100, north 27:0. west 92:0 and north 110;
by the Hibwnia Savings iuid Loan Society to
the Joseph W signer Manufncturincc Company,
$30,000 on property on the south corner of
Kpear and Mission streets, southwest 45:10 by
southeast 137:6, and property on the south
east line of Mission streat, 45:10 feet south
west of Spear, southwest 45:10 by southeast
137:6: by Jnmes D. Phelan to Albert W. Kinp,
$12,500 on property at the southwest corner
of H street and Forty-first avenue, west 240
by south 600, and by the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society to Alfred Bouvier, $10,000
on property on the north line of Broadway,
87:6 east of Scott street, east 50 by north 110.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
Recent sales made by Jacob Heyman include
one lot on Twenty-third street for $1000 and
one lot ou Alvarado street for $950, both in
the Heyman Tract ; also two lots in block 722
for $600. Mi. Heyman will commence this
week the erection of a cottage on Sullivan
street, near Cortland avenue.
Baldwin & Hammond have just placed upon
the market subdivision 2of hi Cerrito Park, a,
portion of the town of San Mateo. This is the
second subdivision placed upon the market,
and the property is in every respect very de
sirable. The lots average in rise 150x200, and
the streets have botn sewers and water mains
laid.
New trains between this City and San Mateo
ieave the latter olace at 8 a.m., and arrive in
San Francisco at 8:40 a.m. Returning in the
evening, the train leaves here at 5 :30 p. m. and
arrives at San Mateo al 6:10 p. m. These
trains shorten the time ten minutes. This
firm reports a good demand for the lots in the
block bounded by H and I streets and Ninth
and Tenth avenues, which they recently placed
upon the market. The terms at wnich these
lots are ottered, viz : $50 cash and $10 per
month, make it an inducement for buyers to
take them, and as a result quite a number
have already been disposed of.
O'Farrell & Co. are to be congratulated upon
having securel the handling of all of
the unimproved portion of the Weber es
tate of Stockton. It is mainly inside
property and includes fifteen blocks inthe best
residence portion of the city, twenty- four
blocks near the center of Stockton and thirty
five acres of outside land. The property is at
present owned by C. M. and Julia H.Weber,
who inherited it from their fath-r, the late
Captain Weber. The latter was the founder of
StocKton and donated many sites ;or factories
and public buildings. Until O'Farrell & Co.
made a contract to^handle the property the
Weber heirg refused to set a price upon any
portion of their holdings. Last week the block
bounded by Weber avenue, El Dorado, Bridge
and Hunter street*, 2oox3oo. was sold by the
Webers to Henry Coweil for $85,000, O'Farrell
& Co., conducting the sale.
Easton, Eldridge <S: Co. will on Saturday, the
27th of this month, offer at auction about 400
acres of the famous Murphy ranch in the Santa
Clara Valley. It has been diviied in small
trac's of ten acres each and the portion so
lected for this sale is the very cream of this
well-known ranch. A special excursion train
will be run on the day of the sale. This firm
will also hold an auction sale of miscellaneous
properties June 30.
A petition is now beinsr circulated among
owners of property along Golden Gate avenne
between Van Ness avenue and Market street
urging the Board of Supervisors to rescind the
resolution passed some time a?o declaring
that portion of the avenne a boulevard.
Negotiations between D. Samuels and the
owners of the Center Market have apparently
fallen through, and it is more than probable
that Mr. Samuels will locate his store in some
other quarter. He has had offers made him
by several parties, and it looks as if he would
have a chance to choose among a number of
locations that would perhaps prove more cen
tral than the market property.
Messrs. A. J. Carmany and H. D. Lawrie have
been appointed joint managers of the Califor
nia Title Insurance and Trust Company in
place of L. R. Ellert, who recently resigned the
position of manager.
Both gentlemen have been connected with
the company for a number of years and are
thoroughly conversant with its affairs, and
are likewise thoroughly informed in regard to
the particular line of business in which the
company is engaged. They were selected by a
unanimous vote of the board of directors,
which demonstrates how highly the gentle
men are esteemed by those whose interests
they have been chosen to manage.
RACE JUDGING BY MACHINE
Bluffing the Judges of the Ath
letic Meet a Thing of the
Past.
An Automatic Recording Mechanism
Which Is Bound to Decide
Impartially.
The introducion of machinery, against
wbicb divers long-haired red-flag wavers
are wont to inveigh as the cause of our
present industrial conditions, has not only
invaded the former domain of manual
labor, but even threatens now to dispense
with the necessity of mental exertion. In
these tin de siecle days we have ceased to
wonder at the revolutions which machin
ery has made in the various branches of
industry — the great changes which the
combined harvester has made in agricult
ure, or the complex and intricate looms
have brought about in cloth-making.
The latest innovation tending toward
the abolition of mental exertion is a
"Patent automatic judging machine," for
judging the tinisn of sprinting, bicycle, or
even swimming races. This ingenious
machine is the work of A. L. Band, a
prominent Australian atblete and member
of the New South Wales Athletic Club.
The machine is used at nearly all thft big
athletic meets in Australia, and many
professionals refuse to race withont it.
The mechanism of the judging machine
is rather simple. It consists of six up
right poles, connected above, and forming
live openings, througn each ot which one
contestant finishes. Across each opening
is stretched a light tape w ich, when
broken, releases one of five shutters on an
indicator placed on top of the framework.
The shutter, dropping, reveals the nun
ber of the winning man. The shuti*..
hiding the number of the winner is the
only one that drops, unless the contest
ants run a dead heat, in which case two
numbers are snown.
Besides the indicator, there is also placed
above tne framework a self-recording
mechanism which indicates the distance
between the various finishers. This re
cording device consists of a cylinder covered
wit li paper marked off on a scale of feet and
inches, and after being started just before
the runners reach the finish, revolves at a
uniform rate, and as each man finishes,
the sa*ue spring that releases the indicator
also releases a little pen whic i strikes the
revolving paper-covered cylinder, and thus
the distance between the men is marke.l.
Of course the distance is only approxi
mately measured, for the rate of revolu
tion of tb.fi cylinder is gauged to measure
the distance when the runners are going
at top specd — perhaps alO or 10 1-5 second
rate in the 100-yard dash.
Several successful trials were made yes
terday with the new machine at tne Olym
pic Club grounds. Besides Mr. Band, the
inventor, there were present M. G. Dod
well, his associate, a member of the New-
Zealand Athletic Association, John Elli tt
of the Olympic Club and other local ath
letes. All expressed themselves as well
pleased with yesterday's trial, which was
the first exhibition of the machine in this
country.
If generally introduced the machine will
make great changes in sprinting races. As
one enthusiast said yesterday, it can
neither be bluffed nor bribed. The dis
tance-measuring mechanism, while it
measures only approximately, indicates
very much more closely than the human
eye could possibly do. Whether the intro
duction of this and similar machines wuich
do away with the necessity of mental
effort will cause the decay of the mental
faculties from disuse is a question for the
evolutionist to ponder over.
THE BUGGY WAS SMASHED
Pfter Zimmerman of San Jose L.eft
Hi* Kig iit the Country.
Peter Zimmerman of San Jose, who rode
from Holy Cross Cemetery to Thirtieth
street and H&n Jose avenue on Saturday
night underneath an electric car, is still
in a padded cell in the Receiving Hos
pital. He is now tearful, and instead of
calling for Billy Bolden, the San Jose at
torney, he begs that bis wife be sent to
him. He fays Bhe lives at L' 33 Walnut
street, San Jose.
The police learned yesterday that Zim
inerman hired a horse and buggy on Sat
urday morning from the Fashion stables
in San Jose, and the rig was found yester
day morning near Uncle Tom's Cabin, on
the San Jose road. The rig was badly
smashed and it looked as if it bad been
capsized.
Zimmerman apparently walked from
there, leaving the rig, to Holy Cross Ceme
tery, where he got underneath the car.
NEW TO-DAT.
MOUNT^5uviT
CEMETERY,
TNCLUDING NATIVE <?i"i.NS GOLDEN WEsT,
J. Kmnhts of I'ythlas, Improved Order Ked Men,
Ancient Order foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations. San Mateo County: neurest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian. In BTOSEKU kxchsjvk;
PERFECT TITLE OI'ARAN'TERD; lOCtttioll Uliex-
celied.
Please cull at office. 997 Market st.. before select-
ing burial place elsewhere.
"WHERE DIRT CATHERS WASTE RULES.*'
CREAT SAVING RESULTS FROM
THE USE OF
SAPOLIO
SEW TO-PAT.
Thousands Indorse His Improved
Homeopathic Remedies.
Druggists Kept Busy Handing Oat These
Curative Little Pellets. N
Ask Your Druggist for Munyon's Guide
to Health, Buy a 25-Cent Remedy
and Cure Yourself. .
Mr. A. Mairet, 206 Morrison street, Port- ,
land, Ore., says: "My wife ha 3 been so
much benefited by the use of Munyon's
Rheumatism Cure that she feels like a
young woman again. I can also praise
Munyon's Catarrh Cure. They have ac-
complished in a few weeks what treatment
by the best specialists have failed to do.
When we first began taking the little pel-
lets we bad no faith, but now we are
forced to admit that they are wonderful
cures." j
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Muuyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lungs. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of piles. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3
minutes and cure permanently. Price. $1.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets price 25c cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
nerve tonic. Price, 23 cents.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost vigor.
Price, $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, mostly 25c a vial.
.Personal letters to Prof. Mnnyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
$m \ \
DOCTOR SWEANY.
If you are unhealthy, if you have a local
or constitutional disease, if any of your
internal organs are ailing, if your stock rtf
vitality and manly vigor is getting dan-
gerously low, on account of errors or ex-
cesses, why do you continue dragging
your feet around like
A HALF MAN
When you can, by undergoing a special
course of scientific treatment, be
A PERFECT MAN.
Dr. Sweany will cure yon and send .you
out into the world with life anew, Ihia
well known and reliable specialist also
gives particular attention to female com-
plaints. If you can't call write. Hours:
9 to 12 A. M., 2 to 5 P. M., 7 to 8 P. M.
Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
Fl CU/CAUV MPI 737 Market St..
. L. UlfLnill, in. U., San Francisco. Cal.
of tS i lHr «HI 151 m A I Biw
Signature is printed in #-■ A
BLUE diagonally ifs*
across the ' Y"\ AJ*
OUTSIDE [I f^yf^
wrapper/ ' MjA/^
-J/J / ot every
MiT / bottle of
I -- V / (the Original
if '•' ijJ / and Genuine)
I I if
SAUCE
Aa a further protection against
all imitations.
' f Agents for the United State*
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, N. Y.
THESLCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES GRILL ROOM
. OK' THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN . UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
tutv w^r Isi^
42MRNYSI
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINES
your eyes and tit tnem to spectacles and By*,
1 glasses with Instruments of big own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My too ■
: cess bus been due to the merits ot my work.
: Office Hours— 12 to 4p. m.
1112
vjrT ilWy^^^p^lm@M#M^Mi imfflßSawaKr |
Order Km tern Star.
CbJspa Chapter was instituted at Anaheim
on the 28th of May and the following officers
were elected: Mrs. Clara Adeline Baker, \V.
M.; William M. McFadden, W. P. ; Mrs. Sarah
Jane McFadden, A. it., and Joseph Helrusen,
secretary.
Silver State Chapter was Instituted at Win
nemucca with twenty-five members.
Grand Patron Mcrritt visited Manzanita
Chapter at Calistoga last Monday and visited
Morning Star Chapter at Peialumaon Tuesday.
The grand patron and Mrs. Merrltt, district
di puty grand matron, have started on a tour
of visitations to chapters in the second dis
trict, which embraces Modoc, Plumas, Lassen
and Shasta counties. The grand patron will
extend bia visit inio Siskiyou County.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
San Leandro I oclgp celebrated Its twenty-first
anniversary last Tuesday.
urand Master Warboys will be present on the
4ib of July at the insitution of Hoier Lodge,
wnich is to work In the German langn.i
Olire and Gold Run lodges of Placer County
will be consolidated.
Onihe2d lust. Grand Ma-ster Wurboys paid a
bUrpriS 0 visit to Petaluma LoJge.
The state of Washington U moving for an Odd
Fellows' home. Several propositions have been
received from PuyaTup.
The Grand LoJse of Washington met at Van
couver and eected C. F. Wilson of Seattle grand
master.
Yerha Buena Lodge has elected the following
officers: v. Hoffman. N. G. : M s. Jeffen. V. N.
G. ■ a. D. Cheshire. K. s.. and B. F. Wellington,
P. s. This laaunamed office was hotly contested,
three hallots beinir i aken before a choice.
Yerha Buena Lodge has appointed a committee
to n:ake arrancemen s- for the celebration of its
anniversary, which falls on the 7th of July.
The Keuekah-i
The reception to Gr»na President Marion Green
wood and to Mrs. Mary Thorndyke, trustee of the
Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home in Stockton, was a
gr-at success. The affair v.-ss under the auspices
of Lebanon Lodge and was managed in such a way
as to make it an enjoyable occas.on to be long re
membered by all who participated, and that, in the
most pleasant manner. The hall had been taste
fnlly oecorated in pink and green, presenting a
striking effect- An interesting programme was
pr sented and at 't : conclusion those present sat
down to a Lanquet prepared fir 205. Among
th^se who participated were: Past grand president,
Mis* Kannie Benjamin: grand vice-president, Mrs.
Minerva Karsner: grand secretary, Mary E.
Donoho. and Gertie Mordand of San Jose.
Josephine Lodge of -,an Jose has elected Alice
M. Moe N. G., and Bertha Cottle R. 8,
Ancient Order United Workmen.
i:rand Master Workman William Vlnter, who
has been 111 for some time, has fully recovered,
&nd last week was in the office of the Grand Re
corder.
, Last Monday the drill team from Pacific Lodge,
which of late has been kept quite busy, went to
Temescal and there conferred the Workman de
gree, and after that partook of a banquet pre
pared by the ladies of the Degree of Honor lodge.
1 he following ni; lit the same team conferred the
two degrees in Keystone Lodge, isext Friday the
team will confer both degrees in Oakland Lodge.
on the U7th of last month a new lodge was or
ganized at Anacortes, Wash. K. S. Dodge was
cho*i n master workman.
The Grand Lodge of Oregon will meet in Port
land on the 15th of July.
Ka sas, with a popula ion of 1,500,000. has
passed New ork. with a population of 6.000,000,
in the race for membership. It now has 28,722,
while New "* ork has but 27.480. The banner >tate
is Massachusetts, with a membership of 45.757.
Th c jurisdiction of New York has adopted the Il
linois plan of graded assessments.
The grand master workman of Minnesota is
paid an annual salary of 91500, and is allowed $2
for expenses
The following is a list of the officers chosen by
HErmony Lodge ior he ens ling term: M. Chane,
P. M. W.; R. W. Knglish. M. W.-. D. McSweeney,
F.: R. Ticouter, ii. : L Joh"son, recorder; E. V.
Smi'h.F.: ('- 'srliwerin. receiver; George Vyhle,
(..: \V. F. Schmidt, 1. W.; T. J. Foley, O. W.; M.
Crane, trustee.
Decree of Honor.
Last Monday night Angel City Lodge gave an
entertainment in Caledonia Hall, Los Angeles, and
it was enjoyed by all.
A new lodge with fifty-seven charter members
was recently organized at Albuquerque, N. M.
The members in the district are gre atl y pleased
at the reappolntment of Past Chief of Honor Mrs.
Eva Coogan as 'listrict deputy.
"A Forty-nine Mining Camp party" was the
unique entertainment that was given hy Alida
Vpchurch Lodge in San Jose recently. The ladies
were all attired in calico dresses, and the gen.le
men wore the characteristic dress that was worn
by niiners In those days. The programmes were
of wood. There were old-fashioned dances to
lively but simple music. During the eveiing
those present partook of an old-fashioned mining
camp topper si rved on tin pates.
During the month of May the increase in lon?es
was as foilows: Ivy 8. Alida l.'pchurch 1, Manha
S, Magnet 8, Crown of the Valley 1, Viola 5, aud
Magnolia 8. There are other lodges that have in
creased, hot they have not yet reported.
Royal Arcannm.
Next Monday, Royal Arcanum day will be ob
served by Argonaut Council by an entertainment
of high order in Laurel Hall, Shiols Building. On
this occasion the principal address will be made
by K. E. Ewing, past grand regent of Ohio. Tlie
proeramme Is made up of eleven nnmbers, which
Include vocal and instrumental selections and th«
quarrel scone from "Julius C:esar-" There will be
a dance aud refreshments, the latter being served
in Kastern Hall, adjoining the cue In which the
entertainment will be given, in that way avoirlini
the annoyance of rrevlous celebratiois that of
asC'.-nding several flights of s'airs to reach soclil
Hall The committee, of which George W. Dixon
is chairman and M. s. do Roco secretary, i«* man
ing strenuous eft'oris to have evnry memb-r of the
council present, and an invitation Is extended to
all visiting members of the .-> rcanum to take part
In the event. Such may obtain cards by address
ing the secretary.
George W. Dixon has won his long-contested ap
peal. The Supreme Council at its last held ses
sion ordered his case reopened. Afier a full pre
sentation of all the evidence it was found that an
injustice had been done Mr. Dixon and the former
decision was reversed. The fight had been going
on ior over three year*, and Argonaut Council, of
which Mr. Dixon is a member, is pleased with the
resulu
Knights of Pythias.
Thp officers of the Grand Lodge have been re
moved one floor higher in the same building.
For want of support the San Francisco bureau of
relief has disbanded, so hereafter any disabled
member of the order, or one requiring relief, will
haw to apply to one of the lo.lgeß.
Coifax Division was instituted on the 6th inst.
by Brigadier McGlashan, and Angel's Division was
instituted last Saturday by Colonel J.P.Abbott,
A. A. G.
Grand Chancellor McGlashan has announced the
following visitations: Tuesday. Confidence Lolee
a; Sacramento; Wednesday. Gait Lodge at Gait;
'l bursd-.y, Placer Lodse at Newcastle; i-riday. Au
burn Lodge at Auburn.
The following named are the office s nf Alemanla
Lodge for the ensuing term: U. L. Judell, C. C;
K. Gardner. V. ('.: J. C. Hurley. P.; John Hefty. M.
of W.; W Daws, K. or R.; L. Meinhard , M. of F. ;
K. Winters, M. of X. : F. Suis, M. of A.; A. Spin
ner, I. G., and G. Anderson, O. c-s.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Gray Eagle Tribe of Oakland held a largo and
spirited meeting last Wednesday night. There
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhKELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954
BRANCH OFFICE , ' ,-
-623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
' J. S. PURDY, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on - latest, market quo-
. tations. Reference Ist National Bank, .s. F. .
CHICAGO. PKIVAXJi WIKJK. .NIHW YORK.
were present Thomas Campbell, V. G. 8., and a f
number of visitors from Tecumseh ana Pawnee
tribes.
Potlawattamle Tribe of Hay wards conferred the •.
degrees la-t week on several entitled to receive
them. Deputies W. J. Robinson and Thomas
Camobrll assH ing. '
Iroquols Tribe of Stockton shows a marked In
crease for the term.
Montezuina Tribe received two palefaces last
Tuesday.
White Eagle Tribe will increase Its membership
to 100 this term, the gain being about thirty during
the term.
sotoyome Tribe has prepared a set of resolu
tions to the memory of Past Sachem Henry Davis.
Modoc Tribe adopted three palefaces last week
and received a number of candidates.
Past Sachem of Stockton and wife, both promi-
I nent members of the order, have located in this
City.
The Haymakers conferred the degrees on a large
number oi anxious candidates last Saturday.
Wan-Nit:i Council of Stockton held an
Interesting meeting last Wednesday, had several
adoptions and received a number of applications.
This council also shows an increase during the
term.
The Daughters of Montezuma Council, at Its
last held meeting, adopted four fan-faced sisters.
| Arapahoe Tribe has elected officers as follows:
I R. A. Dickerson. P.: J. Fouzer, 8.; C W. .uariatt,
S. s. : A. B. Leary, J. S. ; H. Walker. C. of H.;
! J. A. Delaney. C. of W.: R.E. Cole, K. of W., and
J. Jordan, trustee.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Hanger Case will visit the courts of
Mendoeino during the latter part of this month.
Conr: 'Hartford of Vallejo lias Invited the execu
tive committee to pay It a visit when it holds Its
first meeting in July. A good programme is
promised. -r* ", '
Court Lincoln Is reported as doing well. At its
last held meeting the following officers were
elected for the term: R. N. McLennan, P. C. R.:
C. a. Bailie. c. X.; J. H. Henderson. S. C. R.;
Ward D. Grant, F. a ; J. M.. Eltel, K. S. ; Caston
C. Butt, T.: Samuel Creba Jr.. S. W.; Dr. A. E.
Brune. physician. In July this court will give a
smoker to its friends.
On the occasion of Its last held meeting Court
', Star of California at Suusalit j was visited by High
Chief Ranger Case. High Court Treasurer Lnnt.
HUb Court Junior Beadle and M. P. Light and
; George Shaw.
' Court Excelsior held a pleasant meeting last
Tuesday night, at which George W. Lunt, the dele
gate, presented his report.
The picnic of the order will be held In san Jose
on Wednesday. The courts of this City. Alameda
C>un:y, Santa Clara County. Including those from
San Mateo, Menlo Par*. Redwood City and Palo
Alto, will tai:t* part in the event. Prizes to the
■ amount of $250 are offered. In addition to rash
I gat- prizes. The price for the round trip has been
fixed at $ I.
The report of the Subsidiary High Court at
i Ukiah will be ready for distribution about the
| middle of July.
Court I vanhoe at Its last held meeting initiated
two candidates and received two applications.
Court Justice has elected Dr. Kengla C. R.;
Louis Berger, S. C. R., and Harry Adolph R. S.
for the ensuing year.
Court Apollo has elected the following officers:
W. A. Nichols, C. R. ; Dr. W. D. C ark, S. C. R.:
I Frank M. Bouhvare, K. S., and George J. Berger,
i F. S.
j Court Star of the Mission has elected officers as
< follows: Henry Philippsen, C. R. (re-elected
j third term); G. F. Jend, S. C. R.: George J. Han
| sen. T. (re-elected third term); James F. Oolton,
F. S. (re-elected third term): George Flint, R. S.;
John R. Watson, S. X. ; John Grundman, J. W.:
W. S. Kricbson. S. B. re-elected): William
Luther, J. B. (re-elected); Dr. W. O. Wllcox,
physician (re-elected).
Companions of the Forest.
Social Circle, Companions of the Forest, has sur
rendered its charter and disbanded on account of
the action of the delegate! at Ukiah. At the meet
ing at which it was decided to disband a resolution
was presented and adopted indorsing The Call
and commending it for the truthtul presentation
of the news of the trouble among the Companions
of the Forest.
The members of the disbanded circle have de
cided to join the Friends of the Golden West, an
organization that has been established on the same
lines as the Companions, and of which the follow
ing named are the temporary officers: Mrs. M. E.
Boyd. president: Mrs. Bertha Macrett, vice-presi
dent; .Mrs. M. E. McLean, secretary; Mrs K. M.
Flynn, treasurer, and Mrs. A. Asmann, guard. The
circles that have withdrawn from the Companions
are Oak Grove. Satellite, Queen of the Hedwoods,
Victolre and Social. It Is reported that California
and Union Circles will also surrender their char
ters.
The Friends of the Golden West will meet a week
from to-morrow at 1605 Polk street.
Foresters of America.
Court Sausallto No. 160 was instituted on last
Wednesday evening in Sausallto by J. Samuels,
i grand senior Woodward, assisted by 8. L. Waller,
i grand trustee; Sol Pelser, P. G. R. S.; .Tamet Heal-
I ing. D. G. C. R. : J. K. Hayden, D. O. C. R., and
the officers and members of Courts Rafael No. 62
of San Rafael and Marin No. 73 of Tlburon. The
following were Installed as officers: Joseph Lowder,
3. P. C. R.; W. H. Hannon, C. R.; C. Asoelln, C.
8. R. : Chris yon "Wreden, treasurer: H. E. Gum-,
menstein, financial secretary; Laurie Lemar, re
cording secretary; Alfred Nilson, S. W. ; M. ('.
Flores, J. W.; Charles Marshall, s. B.; B. Grethel,
J. B. ; J.Thomas, A. Sylva and R. J. Garrity,
trustees. s,
C- R. Breraer, errand secretary of the Foresters of
America, and his sister. Miss Annie D. Bremer,
I grand secretary of the Companions of the Forest,
' will have the condolence ana sympathy of every
I member of these orders and their many friends in
1 the loss tha they sustained last week. On Mon
day Christian Bremer, their father, for nearly a
\ year an invalid, passed away at his home in Ala-
I meda at the advanced age of 71 , and his remains
; were laid at rest on Thursday last. Mr. Br mer
1 who was a native of Holsteln, Germany, was well
and favorably known among the Germans of this,
State, he having at one time in this City been one
of the proprietors of the slegfred Hotel, which
: stood on the site now occupied by the Mills' build-
Ing, In its day a prominent resort for the German
speaking portion of the population that came to
this City from the interior. He came to this City
I in the early. days of gold-mining excitement and
; after>wo- king in the mine* for some time left the
I State, but returned In 1873 and after a time took
! up his home in Alameda. His widow survives
him. •<
Independent Order of Foresters.
j High Chief McElfresh during the pst month
i has attended a meeting on every lawful night, and
! he hopes to be able to visit every court In his juris
j diction before the close of bis term.
| The banner court of the order is in the State of
1 California. It is Court Los Angeles, located in the
i city of that name, and it has a membership of 495-
I The members of this order are unusually active
: at this time,' and their motto is: "As we have the
j best society, we are bound to make it the 'strong
i est." The indications are that at the close of the
I forestlc year the membership will have been In
creased by 2000.
Last Wednesday evening the meeting of Court
i Century was attended by a large number of mem
j bers. Two candidates, both members <>,• the legal
' profession, were initiated. Judge Keer was present
ready to enforce the payment of any fine should
the occasion arise. A social smoker followed the
business meeting.
Court l)i.<na on Thursday evening diluted a ca n
dldate and received one member by card. Several
applications were placed on file. The progress or
this court in the order has been remarkable, and
if the activity of the members is kept alive Court
Los Angeles, the banner court, will have to put on
mom steam to keep at the head of the procession.
Independent Order of B'ne B'rith.
Grand President Wolfe has returned from his
southern tour and speaks well of the condition of
the order in that part of the state. .
There is a marked increase in the membership of
j Carson Lodge, Carton City, Paradise Lodge, San
| Bernardino, and North Pacific and Portland
i lodges in Portland. The greatest rivalry for mcm
i bers appears to be between the last two lodges
| limn d.
The directors of the B'ne B'rith Hall Association,
) at its meeting last Wednesday, decided to rent to
j the B'ne B'rith free religious school suitable quar
ters in the B'ne B'rl h building. The school now
numbers abou- 190 pupils and instructions are
given on Saturday and Sunday. On motion of
Colonel H. P. Bush, chairman of the free school
I committee, it was decide! to select an up-to-date
j teach r, one with liberal views and well versed in
I the creed. •
Modin Lodge will give an entertainment on the
I 18th of July in B'ne B'rith Hall.
Native Sims of the Golden West.
Grand Secretary Lunstedt has appointed J. J.
Jamison of California Parlor No. 1 as his assist
ant. Mr. Jamison :is an obliging and . courteous
gentleman well qualified to fill the office. ■
The grand secretary has sent out the certificates
to those who were appointed district deputies an d
he has also forwarded instructions to deputy grand
presidents.
Past Grand Presidents Thomas Flint Jr., C. H.
Garronte and F. D. ilyan went to St. Louis last
Thursday. 
I The ritual committee is still at work, but the
j work will not be 'completed until the middle of
next July.
The grand secretary and Frank L. Coombs were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
prominent visitors at the session of the Native
Daughters ai Napa last week.
A joint committee of the various City parlors
will meet with the Fourth of July committee on :
Wednesday next. .
Dr. W. T. Burres, president of Stockton Parlor,
was in this City last. week He suited that the
Pioneers of that city and citizens of all nationali
ties are combining with the Native sons to make i
the celebration of the Fourth in S:ockton the (
grandest ever held under the auspices of the ,
order.
Will D. Shea of California No. 1 has been ap
pointed by Grand President Gesiord deputy for
district No. 46 in this City, and composed of the
following parlors: Bay City, Alcatraz and Sequoia.
Wllberforce Dudley of Val ejo has been ap
pointed deputy at large. •
J. D. Norris or C'enterville, grand outside sen
tinel, was in this City for a few days las week.
Mount Diablo Parlor will hive charge of the
Fourth of July celebration at Martin A. Dal; on
Jr. of that parlor was in this City i last week pur
chasing the material for a Krand firework display
In that town. The boys intend to have a red,
white and blue celebration.
The members of California Parlor, under the
name of "California Flambeau Club," will give
their masquerade in Native Sons' Hall on the
night of the 3d of July, and a fine time they ex
pect to have. The Merry Monarch, whose Identity
has not yet been made public, will lead the grand
march, and he will be accompanied by members
of his court. "You cau'i afford to miss this," is the
motto of the club.
South San Francisco Parlor has elected oflk-ers
as follows: M. Squires. P.: N. Hallinan.tirst V.P. ;
Louis Nonuemann, second V. P.; D. Ellis, third
V. P.: D. Harrington, R. S. ; Joseph Hoare, F. S. :
P. stumpf, T.; F. Meyer. M.: trustees— James I
Lahaney, Thomas Stack and E. Taffe.
Young Men's Institute.
Pioneer Council at its las; held meeting initiated
ten candidates and has still eighteen applications
to act upon. :
The board met last Saturday and appointed
standing committees.
The entertainment given by Cooper Council In
Murphy's Hall at Ocean View last Saturday was a
successful affair.
A meeting of the supreme delegates will be held j
this evening for the consideration of suggestions I
to be sent to the Supreme directors, who are to
meet in Dayton, Ohio, on the 24th lost.
Washington Council had an enjoyable picnic at
Sehuetzen Park Thursday.
The picnic to De given at Shell Mound Park on
next Thursday by Oakland Council promises to De
a very pleasant and interesting affair.
Grand President Gallagher has named the fol
lowing district deputies: Councils Nog. 1, 3, 32,
59 and 310 of San Francisco, R. J. Dowdall; coun
cils Nos. 4, 34, 55, 74 of San Francisco, 3. K.
O'Keeffe; councils Nos. 7, 35, 72, 129 of San Fran
cisco and 307 of San Mateo, Henry C. Hall; coun
cils Nos. 6, 8, 24, 31 of Oakland and .Alumeda. D.
: McCarthy; councils Nos. 2. 12. 43, 44, W. T. Ag<e
ler of San Jose; councils Nos. 42, 61, 88,304.
Rev. R. M. Mestresof Monterey; San Luis Obispo
Council No. 46, -Rev. A. Aguillera; councils Nos.
47, 91, 115, 125. F. S. Terry of Hay
wards: councils .Nos. 5. 29, 30, 113, Joseph j
C. Gorman of Sacramento; councils Nos. i
' 11. 18. '-'7, John H. Smith of Stockton: i
i Nos. 13. 16. 21, 25, 26, 86, Rev. W. D. Slattery of
I Napa: Nos. 14, 23, 39, Grand Director I. B. Dock
weiler of Los Angeles: Nos. 64, 87, 153, Henry
A vila of Fresno; .Nos. 67, 94. Grand Director L. K.
Mahan of Kureka: Nos. 9. 10, 45. 301, Rev. C K.
O'Neill of Novato: Nos. 41, 80, Grand First Vica-
President George D. Pyne of Virginia City, Nev. ;
No. 60 of Navarro, P. Connolly of Elk
He has named the following council deputies:
No. I, S. R. O'Keeffe: 2. W. T. Aggeler; 3. R.
t-hepston; 4, J. J. Green; 5, J. H. Smith; 6, R. H.
Hammond: 7, W. L. Harroid: 8, D. McCarthy; 9.
J. F. Burns; 10, Charles McNeill; 11, Joseph C.
Gorman: 12, George S. Talt; 13, F. H. Lee: 14, I.
B. Dockweuer: lv, P. J. Carolan: 18, E. W. Han-
I ion; 21, Rev. M. D. slattery; 23, Arthur Shaw;
! 24, P. W. Halley; 26, .1. H.*itzgerald; 26. M. H.
1 Hoare: 27, Charles Farn-n ; 29. John K. Hogau:
31, C. H. O'Connor: 32, J. J Donovan; 34,
T. P. O'Brien; 35, H. J. McGlnnis: 39. W. H.
Mario; 41, J. <-. Farrell: 42, T. J. Horgan;
43, P. Princevalle; 44, J. Bruen; 45, Rev. M. J.
Whyte: 46, L. F. Dorsey; 47. W. P. Martin: 55,
W. J. Ahem. 59. Charles McCarthy: 60, P. Con
nolly: 61, John Whaleu: 64. Henry a Vila; 69,
Archie Canepa: 73, J. H. Pinkham: 74, A. T.
Coakley; 80. J. Diegman; 86, P. Murphy; 87, D.
K. Griffin: 88, J. P. Dougherty ; 91, John K. Geary;
94, John M. Farley; 115, F. a Terry; 125, M. J.
Sousa: 129, R. J. Dowdall : 153, I. M. Griffin; 304.
Rev. R. M. Mestres: 307. George W. Hall; 308,
J. Plover; 310, F. A. Sullivan.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Grand Councilor ±Soehm will pay an official visit
to the council at Sacramento on Wednesday next.
Next Wednesday Eclectic Council will be con
solidated with Washington Council.
To-morrow Past Grand Councilor C. M. Arnold
will visit Juanlta Council in Oakland.
On the 28th inst. Grand Councilor Boehm will
start on a tonr of visitations through the southern
part of the State. He will go from Los Angeles to
San Diego and will be absent until the 10th of July.
The United Progressive Councils have elec.ed
officers as follows: M. Boehm, chairman; S. N.
Davidson, first vice-chairman; Mrs. M. J. Baccus,
second vice-chairman; Alexander McPherson,
secretary: Mrs. M. E. Elrissch, treasurer. Meet
ings will be held quarterly, and the first will be
held in Alcazar under the auspices of Crystal Coun
cil on the 6th of August.
■ Grand Recorder Wallis will go to Salinas this
week to visit the council there.
I The grand recorder returned from his Eastern
j tour last Friday week. While in New York he
i paid a visit to supreme Councilor Morse, who had
j just returned from Savannah, Ga., where he at
■ tended the meeting of the Supreme Council of the
Royal Arcanum.
Arrangements have all been completed for the
picnic to be given by the order in San Jose on the
27tb instant, ihe order had expected to make a
75-cent round-trip rate, but the southern Pacific
refused to carry any of the Frieuas if ticket.-, were
sold for less than $1, consequently the tare will be
that instead of the lower rate, as previously an
nounced.
Jr. Order of United American Mechanics.
James A. Garfield Council will hold an open
meeting and give a smoker in Shiels' building on
I next Monday night. There will be oratory, instru
mental music and singing.
. The delegates to the National Council left for
Denver, Colo., on the 10th inst. They were ac
companied by State Councilor Schaertzer, who is
a National Committee-man. George E. Terry,
State secretary, went In the place of Delegate Tib
{ bets, who, on account of illness in his family, was
unable to leave.
. Alexander Hamilton Council on last Thursday
night adjourned early and in a body paid a frater
| nal visit to Lincoln Council In B. B. building to
witness the initiation of thirty candidates.
Hamilton and Lincoln councils have nominated
; officers to be voted for shortly.
All the councils in this City and those of Ala
meda County are making arrangements to take
: part in the Fourth of July celebration. .1 be one
I exception is Paul Revere Council of Berkeley. ■ -
Daughters of Liberty*.
California Council No. 1 gave a very pleasant
j entertainment to its friends in Shiels' building last
I Thursday week. It consisted of vocal and in
| strumental mii-Icand not a speech was made.
This council will soon give an entertainment for
i the benefit of the Orphans' Home in Tiffin, Ohio.
Oakland Council paid a fraternal visit to Martha
Washington Council last week.
The National Union.
Deputy Wells has received an Invitation from
Sacramento Council to pay it a visit with a view
to Increase the membership in that place.
A new council will be instituted by Deputy Van
I Allen In Berkeley this week.
. Last Wednesday Golden Gate Council ad mi ted
■ eleven new members. A large number of visitors
were present to welcome the strangers-
General Deputy R. F. We: ls will institute Oak
land Council in syndicate Hall this evening. An
invitation has been extended to members of City
councils to be present.
Los Angeles Council reports an increase in mem
bership. The officers have bien kept, busy confer
ring degrees.
sai.ta Cruz Council will take part In the water
carnival at that place this week.
Knights and ladies of, Honor.
aurora Lodge has selected the following of
j fleers: Mary B. Price, P.; Mary Waterman, V. P.;
; Llllle B. Holcomb, K. S.; Lizzie A. Rapp, F. ».;
j Dr. A. S. Cook. T. ; W. H. Stone, C. ; F. F. Schnei
der, guide; Catherine Stone, guardian; Belle Lee
sentinel. The lodge Initiated two candidates.
Mrs. Belle Conrad has been twice honored this
| year. At the recent session of the Grand Lodge
| she was elected grand vice-protector and at the
; a ssion of the Grand Parlor of the Native Daugh
l ters of the Golden West she was. elected grand
vie. -president. Mrs. Conrad is from Sonora and is
very popular.
i '' rana secretary Carleton : will pay a■: vNIt to
Equity Lodge at Sacramento this week.
Km pire Lodge will be consolidated with Aurora
Lodge. . . ■ ,
Pacific Lodge will, at its meeting this evening,
initiate a number of candidates.
. Woodmen of the World.
Western Addition Camp, Woodmen of the
World, will give a log-rolling and stag social In
Franklin Hall on FUlmore street .this evening.
The members have arranged a fine programme of
music, song, addresses, instrumental music, etc..
that goes in the make-up of such ,an entertain
ment. The Indications are that there will be a
good time for all who attend. .
The Order of Pendo.
Golden Gate Council will elect officers this even
ing. The following-named were nominated at the
meeting held last 1 week: - For councilor, J. J. Fa
gen; vice-councilor, George Waterman; secretary,
Ernest Duden; treasurer, W. T/ Jones; chaplain,
Katie Geary; guide. Hannah E. Morrill: waraen,
Maoel Ciray: sentinel, Alexander Williams.
A new council has been orßanized by Deputy
Carrico at Honda, l ex. ,
Sunbinnl council was organized at Sanblnal.
Tex., on the 19 h of M;>y. bj- l>eou;y Carrico.
The Good 1 <Miipl»re.
Last Tupsday International I.olse paid a fraternal
visit io Valley Lodne and oflicered U. The hall
was crowd, d wlih members of bo.h lodges and the
session was a spirited and entertaining one.
Valley Lodge will give an eniertainmen: on the
23d Inst. in its hall, when the Aqua Pur j Club
will present "An Obstinate Family." There will
in addition b» a varied programme.
The order in this locality is at Lhis time not only
maiiuaininu its standard as in the past, but It is
gaining strength.
The United \> orld.
This order Is not In any way connected with the
one called "The Order of the World" which re
cently had some trouble that has been air d
through the newspapers. Thtf United World was
Incorporated in Wheeling, "> . Vs.
a few weeks since another lodge of this order
was instituted in this city.
Select Knig'itsi of America.
Fearless Legion has chosen the following officers
for the ensuing term: C. K. Osgood, P. C : L.
J*ohnson, C; U. F. Case. V. Ci H- C. Wi-lner, L.
C. : Wii.i.im lrelan, captain; CE. Osgoo.i, it.: J.
B. Knudson, I:. T.: C.Schwerin, T.j L. Paviso, s.
H.; George Verteber, G.: W. M. Park, M. X.; A.
C. Knudson, trustee.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTEL.
J F Williams.C;overdale Miss H Goss, Boston
MrsJF Wiiliams.Uovdle J Walsh. Paso Robles
C F (iardner, Sucto Mrs O O Gess, Boston
G L Fisher, litocktoi) r 1> Flan^nn, Reno
S II Gordon, «'al J N Porter, s«cto
Mrs X Morton, X V Q T lusley. Lor Angeles
W X Kobinson, Ohio W T Reed, San. a Ana
.1 A Lainont, Vallejo LM Lasell. Murtlriez
W tJreen, Vallejo J Mc>-ouiKle, Ventura
J M Peitigrew, t_al H ci Church. Wisconsin
J X c ole, Cal v V Pierce, BU' Canyon
a i> Lowe, Woodland T L Ht.oker <t wt, Napa
E B -haw, Cloverdale E I'hmucK, Philadelphia
11 F Thomsner. .-^aii Jose J <irau; A wf, >tocKtou
W H Lang, Cal 1> A s;roug. \ re^a
A X James «t wf, Sacto Mrs Mcyuiddey. L'-'atos
W Wilson. Sacto A M Mnith, oroviiie
E Fostaway, sacto F W Talluiadse, Cal
W B Howl Hnd. Seattle C A Bodwell, Cuat-mnle
Pierre Bolssaye, Mete K-M galloway. Madras
G »•: Cody. Liverpool X C Wins, -an L Oblspo
H(jOs Cody, Liverpool W Sarles, Gonz-ales
SC Mililgan dtw, I aroma Mrlt Merr it, -ulinasCity
Mrs L Astauzeu, Tacoma A M Mil spaugh, r- Maria
C Towne *. «f, Tai-oma A 11 Hose <fe wf, Cal
F A Josephs. Portland Jll Jewell <Swi. Ukiah
I Abrams, Tarotna J C Kuddiek, Ukiah
G Manihart, Grass Valiy MrsJßuckingham, Uklah
C lJuvenport, N Mexico
auss house.
F Goleoper, Germany It shearer, Gait
E P Hussel, Crockett X Driscoil, Watson vllle
J Drlaoo.l, Watsonvilie E McUettU-an, Vallejo
J Sexton. Pleasanton A Crow, Pleasanteu
Mrs Morrlaon.llumboldt M E Wagner, Chicago
Dr Bonepi, iSebastopol W Kielcher it wf.Stocktn
-Mrs J Bray, Stockton J SCcGlll. stockt n
\V Hi'imessy. -an Jose H W Dealsch & wf, N V
H Vitter, NY (' Munro, .Markham
W (iallagher, Denver J U Hanson, Fresno
D M >Uller, Ba<uo X P Xewhall. Wash
J B John son, Tu< son W soress, Mlllville
H BiTgwardt lakerstilil II Van, Chicngo
B F Hudelson, Oakland 1) F Majors, Concord
J Wanans, Peruluma G A Boberls, Oakland
G Alexander, Alameda N N Brown, N Yakima
3 C Jo»es, Xl Paso J I! Boon, El Paso
J Kerfoot, Ferndale X Sper-.cer, Susauvllle
X I' .-cott, Portland J liolloway, Cloverdale
W sitandley, J-an Jose A Moiin, Uua.emaia
P Chayeo, Guatemala > Ciutveo. Ciuatemala
A Melino. Guatemala C Bouquet, Alameda
C o Thomas. Suisun F -ullivan <fc wi. Siocktn
A W Cox, Virginia City Mrsri Meloy, Ohio
J Johnson dfc wf, Uixon
LICK HOUSE.
W H Watson. El mira.Cal W 8 Goodfellow, E Oakld
FrankMcGowan, Kureka Cha.^ L Bmitta <fe w. Sacto
X C Apperson & \vt, Cai Miss U H Winslow, Cal
Miss XL I in -k son. Cal H W Koone, Spokane
J E Putnam, Idaho J W Huston. Idaho
P H Dawson, Cal E A Hardy, Lindell
W H Snerrltt. Vallejo Ge<> V Taylor, Ky
ChasfJ Noac, Sacto W J 11 el I man, Cal
C W Cook, Tacoma CJ 11 ussay, Seattle
W C H us-ay. MI), N V O ffl Jlilne i wf, Cal
W H Haiiimeisclilag.NJ C I) iiawbauer <t w.Volta
R G Eckes. Ariz Horace Haws, Fresno
i>t-o Jl Chance, Portland Thos S Ford. Nev City
C S Ricks, Kureka James T Peck, Merced
Mrs a A Ricks, Kureka
PALACE HOTEL.
A Kinkhead. Nevada W Curtis, Denver
C J -Steedman. H l Mr A Mrs De;me.-e, Eng
A Gooainan, London W H (Jillard, S F
C E Jacobs, Portland G Cobbens. New York
R P Keating, Virginia C J. Hoc. well. New York
II 1) Luff <fe \v, Chicago D F W'arnock. Chicago
Mrs yon Holten, Benin Mrs Monti, Halien
W W Adams*. Monk n Count 1) Orgesyko. Eng
C WCha: bonieaur.Fr.inc R Hay. San Diego
J P Jones, Portlaud J Bradbury, Los Angeles
M Dames & w, Los An? Mrs X B Ellsworth -N V
Mrs O H Feathers, Wash C Manning <fe w, Marago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M<; Sherwood, Fresno F Kosal, San Mateo
J M Arifriudut, Stanford J II Masterson, Oakland
O H Close, Mockton J H Ullteen, Oakland
F A Peterson, Sta Cruz W M Lenard, N V
M P Stein, Stockton C N Bernheim, S Crue
J Conn, Los Angeles D A Lindsay, N V
G Baiivl, Boston J C Johnson A «, S Jose
H Sanderson, Alameda S W de Walt, D C
T B Wilmuth. NY H L . oy. Mare Island
M Hutman, Washington H J Kaden, Vallejo
J A Hi. ks, San Jose W B Rankey, Los Gatoa
P Ball, San Jose G R Demake, San Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C D Prltchard & w, Sacto L Gale, Sacto
J Shaiichenesy, Sacto J J Chorini, Sacto
F Morxa, Koaeo W II Jeffery, i.odeo
F Hicker, I'Sfl C Beker. U s N
A HaCKett, Alameda H Wilson, U 8 N
J Barber, Portland A Cluny, Portland
J Williams, Portland P J Mar?an, Petuluma
H Harris, Boston I H McCanley, Reno
J C Day. Cal F 8 Trl«g. Lexington
C S Roal, Cal Mrs A Abrahams. Seattle
• »—» —
Magnetized Corset Steels.
"Every day something new is found
about electricity and its effects," said Mr.
Fay. '-Do you" know that nine-tenths of
the umbrellas that men carry nowadays
are magnetized? Well, they are. and all
that ia necessary to prove this is to apply
the point of your knife, or, better still, a
small pen point, against the steel rib. The
attraction is very perceptible, and it is
caused by the carryine of the article inside
of the electric cars". The umbrella is rested
upon the floor near the motors, and the
proximity of the metal causes a certain
quantity of the fluid to find a permanent
lodgment in the ribs.
"Carrying out the idea it is very likely
that the corset steels of the ladies are sim
ilarly affected, and think what the conse
quences would be if a young man with steel
cuff-buttons should hug a girl with mag
netized corset steels."
Kxpianatlon.
Tb» tn?ow "'•• with the wind. The top figure*
•i station indicate maximum temperature for the
•ays; tho^e underneath it. if any, the amount of
raimall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
Oaring the past twelve hours. ' Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of eqtia! air pressure; iao
i? s i. or dotted lines, equal temp»ratnre. The
word 'High" means high barometric pressure and
is^ usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers .to - low . pressure, and Is usually preceded
ana accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
J^7" -'J. s sally" ally flrßt appear on the Washington
0 * 31 : "Jim the pressure is high In the interioi
ami low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
but when the. "low" is inclosed with isobars of
rli r "".curvature, rain south 'of Oregon Is improb
able. W lib. a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
me pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weainer . may be expected in summer and colder
•Wii J?^i wllUer - T he reverse of these conditions
. wui produce an opposite result-
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Dkpabtmknt of aoriccl-
Tiißß, Weather Bubbau, San Francisco, June
[ 14, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
1 forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
ccmcared with those of same date last season:
EurekaSl 90, last season 46.33; Red Blufl 22.43,
last season 29 71: ?an Francisco 21.25, last season
I 25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
: Oblspo 17.70. last season Gti.o4; Los Angeles 9.35, ,
j last season 16.10: San Dieso 6.93, last season |
12.^0: Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 58. Red Bluff 98, Sau Francisco 68,
| Fresno 106, -San Luis Obispo 90, Los Angeles 84,
: San DWo 70, Yuma !08.
H»n Francisco data —Maximum temperature 68, I
minimum 50. mean 59.
An area of high pressure prevails over the north- ;
jemj crn half of the Paci lie Mope. There has been a j
I slight rise In pressure during the oast twenty-four i
I hours over tlie entire country west of the Rocky j
Mountaius The pressure is low, but not abnor- .
I lui.lly r=o, over Arizona and Southeastern Callfor- I
! nia.
The temperature has remained about stationary I
ov< r the entire country west of the 110 th meridian. |
It is very warm orer Utah, Kevada, Arizona and
the VHlleys of California. The temperatures in i
'■ these districts arc 'ran. 10 to 23 degrees above the |
1 usual temperatures at this time. Along the coast j
the temperature Is below the normal and it is reia- I
tivelycool. W.tliiu a distance of lliO niilts east- j
1 ward from s a .: I'rnnchco there is a difference in |
! teniperAture of neaily 50 degrees.
Con a ions are favorable for continued warm |
i w>a:her inland, slightly warmer wea:!ier along the
coait and probably light tog* off the shore.
Forecast made at San Francisco for tnirty hours
ending mifini<;lit, Jane 15, 1H:)6:
Northern California— Fair MonMay; continued
warm weather in the valleys and eastward: fresh
northwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; continued
warm weather inland: light fog off -he. coast; light
westerly winds.
Nevada, Utah and Arizona— Fair Monday: con
tinued warm weather.
Sen Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday; prob
[ ably light fot; in the morning: fresh southwesterly
WludS. ALEXANDER G. MCADIK,
Local Forecast Official.
« ♦ .
THE CALL CALENDAR
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dated of Deoarttire From San Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
T. B. COAST AND UEOnKTIO SPBVHY Tins')
BTTI/T.KTrN' Published BY OFFICIAL V
AUTHORITY OF THI HITPKBIXTKXDKNT. )
MonJuv, June 15.
Son rises 4.46! Moon rises......
Sunsets 7. 33 1 M00n nets 10.66pm
Jane— lß96.
I ■
: . .
hoik- In the above exposition of the tides th« j
•arly morning tides are given In the left band |
column, and the successive tides of the day In the i
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column styes the second tide of the day, the third |
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
' occurs. The heights given are additions to the
! soundings on the United . States Coast Survey
i charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
' bright, and then th" number given Is subtractlva
| from the dent* »'-«>n h»- he charts
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
:>,v v : ' SUNDAY. Jnne 14.
stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 84 hours from
Greenwood: rr ties and lumber, to L & White Lum
ber Co.
Haw stmr San Mateo. Fletcher. 100 hours from
Comox; 4200 tons coal, to 8 P Co. Oakland
direct. . V
: Stmr ' Mlneola, Pillsbury 79 hours from Comox;
3f>oo tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Htmr Crescent City, Allen, — hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Stmr City of Para, Mortensen, 76 days from
Panama, etc; puss and muse, to P M sS Co. .
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, 60 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins A Co. -
Br stmr Progressist, Pinkham, 8% days from
Departure Bay : 3832 tons coal to Dunsmuir A
Co.. • ■ ■ ■ -V, - '■
Stmr City of Everett. Bucknam, 93 boars from
Nanaimo: 3650 tons coal, to John Rosenfela's
J Sons. ■■-■: ■■•'■.■■
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 13 hours from Men
doclno; pass a d mdse. to Mendocino Lumber Cs.
• ■ Stmr St Paul, Green, 70 nours from Nbwpori, etc;
i pass and md»e, to Goodall, Perkins A Co. ■
| Stmr Noyo. Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg;
pass and nvlsr, to J S Klmhall.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. VI hours from Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Uoodall, Perkins A Co. I
Simr Weeott, . Whitney, 20 hours from • Eel
River; puss and mdse, to Russ, Sanders A Co. I
Ship Elweil, Ryder, 8 days from Nanaimo; 2354
tons coal,' to John Rosenfeld's Sons. .
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christensen, 39 hrs frm
Coqullle River; 141 M ft lumber, to SlmpsonLum
ber Co. • • ...
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 7% days from
Lompoc: ballast, to Hey. nan A Mayer. :
* Schr Newark, Beck, -16 hours' from Bowens
Lan ling, 156 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, 10 hours from Collins
Landing: 70 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
" Schr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup, 14 hours from
Stewarts Point; wood and bark, to Higglns A Col
lins. ' ■•-•-. * -: .
Sailed.
. SUNDAY, June 14.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka. ••
Schr Western Home Nilsson, Coos Bay.
Nlc bark sharpshooter, Kustel, Maryborough.
Scbr Excelsior, Burmeister, Port Blakeley.
Tpleernmhic.
.POINT T.OBOS. June 14—10 r. m. — Weather
hazy wind SW: velocity, 12 miles.,
'■ Domeittic Port*. ■
REDONDO— Arrived .'June 13 — Stmr Sooth
Coast, from Eureka. ... ":
* COOS BAY— Sa.led June 14— Stmr Arago, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 14— Stmr Jewel,
hence Jnne 14. • : ■"■'; ' ' . ■ :
MKNDOCINO— SaiIed June 14— Stmr Point Are
na, tor -an Francisco. -. . . . . ■. ■,-
PO«T LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 14— Br !
iihlp Dunsyre, lroni Newcastle. NSW. •
TATOOSH— Passed June 14 — Bark Rufus E ;
Wood from Seattle for San Francisco; ship Colum- ]
bia, from Departure Bay, ior San Francisco. ■
ASTORlA— Arrived June 14-btmr state of Call- ;
forma, hence June 12. ■ ; ,
Huvcm«nU of Trans-Atlantic Steamer*.
- NEW YORK— Arrived June 14— 8tmr. La Gas- j
cozne from Havre: stmr Spaarnaam, frm Rotter
dam «nd Boulogne; stmr Furnessia, from Glasgow
and Movllle. •■>•• ...."-• ■ - ; ; •
GLASGOW— Arrived out June 14— Stmr City of j
Rome. :■■■■"..■. ■ ■..■•■■■ ,:'.■'•■'■ ■ •"■■ ' -'
, HAVRE— Arrived out June 14-Stmr La - Bour
gogne. ■•■;'-■ •' -■■ ■' ■ '• -■-■..■,..■■- ■■■:: ' ■'
eO T< EENSTOWN— June 14-Stmr Umbria,
for New York.
BEACHY HEAD-Pa&sed June 14— Stmr Edam,
from Amsterdam tor New York. ' ■ . • >--■'
' ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed June 14-Stmr Ken
sington, from Antwerp for New York.
.''.:. . Importation*. -
FORT TOWN SEND- Per City of Puebla-2 sks
dried fruit, 2sk coin. ~ " '. v -
* Victoria— 37o bags nitrate of soda, 6 bis tobacco,
1 pug express. 2sk coin. - ' - : . ... ■ :
Juneau— l pkgs furs.3 bis hair seal. 3 pkgs mdse,
1 bar bullion. ' ■<■" -'• "• ■■> y, • • .
, Seattle— 2 cs bats, 167 salt hides, 205 sks oats, 4
coils rope,' l39 pkgs mdse,* 17 bdls green bides. 1 I
cs champagne, 1 cs blankets, 47 sks bones, 10 |
pkga elec goods, 1 bbl sugar, 2 bbls old copper, 8 j
ska rice, 27 oxs fish, 18 bxs hams, 6 pkes express,
•i sks coin, 65 bxs hams and sides, 688 bdls laths,
169 bdls green hides, 1096 tons coal.
Great Northern via Seattle-5 pkirs mdse. ?■'
Tacoma— 9 bxs type 62 bxs tin, 23 pkgs mdse. 1
bx shot. 1 roll carpet, I 5 bis jute bags, 5 pkgs en
gines, : . Crts veneer, Ics dry goo Is. - ; "■'
West ot Fargo via Tacomn— '2s bis wool, 1319
skR wheat, 78« iif-slcs 950 sks flour, 8 pkgs mdse.
. Ev- rett— 400 kegs 15 sks nails, 5 pkgs mdse, 1*
cs 200 bdls 1004 rolls paper. IS pkgs book paper.
New Wuatcom— 1667 pcs lumber. 30 sks coke, 1
01 tobacco, 516 pkgs mdse. 2 pkgs express, 1 sk
coin.
Vancouver via Great Northern— 2o cs cigarettes,
41 cs boots and shoes, 4 , bbls spools 173 • bags
coffee, a cr dry goods, 15 cs flannels, 16 cs hat«, 1
cs musical instruments. 460 ca whisky, 1 bx mdse.
LOS ANGELK9— Per Si Paul— 37 bxs lemons.
Newport— 37 bxs lemon*. 324 bxs oranges, 19
pkgs hardware and agricultural impts.
East San Pedro— 2 cs canned fish.
■ San Pedro— lo b.rs oranges. 4 bblsdry fish.
Hueneme— V! rolls w clo:)i, 1 buggy-seat.
Ven:ura— 1 mowing-machine knife, b6 cs honey.
2 sks dried prunes. 8 sks beans. 195 bxs oranges, 1
pke twine. 1 bx butter, 1 coop fowls.
Carpenteria— l bx dry goods. :.v ;' ~- -
Santa Barbara— lso bxs oranges. 104 bxs lemons,
4 bxs fruit.
Gavlots— 1 1 pkas paper, 2 bxs butter.
Port Harford-36 bxs fish, IS bxs butter. 5 cs
hone. , '£ cs ecus. , 
Cayucos— 66 bxs butter, 6cs eges, 1 dressed calf.
San Simeon— 4 tubs 49 bxs butter, 1 pkg mdse, 1
cs egfis.
Monterey— cb cheese. IC3 dry goods.
Santa Cruz— l keg wine. •
FORT BRAGG— Per Novo-1 pkg paper. 3 pkgs
poles. 3 pkgs md5e, 254.826 ft ■ umber. 'X.I,
SANTA CRUZ-Per Gipsy— bxs butter, 00 bbls
lime, 8 rolls leather.
Moss Landing— 1 cs eggs, 1 bx butter.
Blanco— 2o9 sks beans.
sofiuol— 4oo reams paper, 2 bdls rope.
Pigeon Point— 2 pkgs abalones- .
Amesport— B6 sks beans, 126- odls hides, 5 bbls
tallow, 20 tubs 2 bxs butter, 16 cs cheese.
SHELTER COVE— Per Weeott— 4o hf-bag
wool, 1 bx furs. _ . ,
Port Keuyon-35 kegs 225 bxs butter, 8 bales
wool, 420 sks oats. 1 cs mdso. 1 pkg radse, 13 pkg3
butter-mchy. 16 pkgs too's and gears, 1 dynamo, 6
pkgs mchy, 38 dressed calves, 34 hoes. 4 cs elec
trical mehy, 30 eds stavebolts
\^S > ? CnnaieneAa.
Per City of Puebla— Balfour, Guthrle <fc Co: N
Meyer & Co: Wells, Fareo & Co; H Liebes Co;
Isaac Liebes <& Co; Kowal-ky i Co; A J Bryant
shoe Co; Bisslnger & Co; California Champagne
Co- C Anderson; . Deming Palmer Mill Co; G C
Hall &Co; Wleland Brewing Co; M J Bran den
stein Co; Mnrp.i>, Grant <fc Co; Pacific Coal and
Bone Pert Co: RA Perry ; 8 J Wright; S F Bridge
Co: Thos Day * Co: W J Wheeler: AUalden;
American Union Fish Co; GCamllloni; Duff &
Co; Getz Bros & Co; 31 Haul <k Co; Plon-er Fish Co;
Stockton Lumber Co: W B Sumner <fe Co; Oregon
Imp Co; B Roys; A merican Press Assn; Balfour
Gutbrie&Co: California Powder Works; DN*
X Waiters: J C Bauer & Co: M Franklin : Allen &
Lewis; G H Howard: J P Thomas: Moore. Fergu
son Co; Baker & Hamilton; Dunham, Carriiran
* Co; Stauffer Chemical Works ;W- O Richardson :
Belllngham Bay Imp Co; Calboun & Denny; |
American Tobacco Co: Buckingham & Hecht;
Carlson, Currier it Co; John B Keys; Berwin
Bros; Sherman Clay; Triest Co ; HHosblno:
Wm Wolff 4 Co. '^-_
Per Weeott— Russ, Sanders A Co: Wheaton,
Breon A Co; Brigham, Hoppe A Co; Norton, Tel
ler A Roden: Witzel A Baker: OB Smith* Co;
F B Haight; C E Whitney A Co; Dodge, Sweeney
& Co; Thos Denigan sons A Co; B B Stevens A
Co- Wolf A Sonn; H Dutard; Standard Oil Co;
Goodyear Rubber Co; G(i Wickson A Co; W Ire
land; G de Lucca; J Schweitzer A Co; Hammond
A Brod; Westinghouse Electric A Manfc Co; San
Francisco Packing A Provision Co; ischoobert.
Beale Co; S 3:rauss; Enterprise Brewery.
Per Glp«v— Goldberg, Bowen A Co; Pacific Fruit
Market; H Joost; Pacific Coast Home Supply As
sociation; Union Paper Co; Arctic Oil Works:
Hammond A Brod: A W Fink; Kron Tanning Co;
HCowetlACo; GCamUlonl; £. R Stevens A Co;
L'Clayburgh; Brigham. Hoppe A Co; M T Freitas:
Chas Jacobs en A Co: Hllmer. Bredhoff A Scbuiz;
Wheaton. Breon A Co.
Per Noyo— Miller, S oss A Scott: Ames & Dal
lam; W F Van Bibber; Union Lumber Co.
Per St. Paul— Kveleth A Nash; Mlnaker A el
banks: H H Cain A Co; Campodonico A Co;
Hooker A Co; Gra<.- & Barbleri; Samuels Bros:
Roth A Co; John Wieland; Dunham, Carri^an A
Hayden Co; Columbus Buggy Co; Am Car Acid
Gas Co; Erlanger & Gallins-er; Gordon A Co; L
Splegei; L scatena A Co; Allen A Lewis; J Ivan
covlch A Co; J de Martini; Jones A Co; 1> E Alii
son A Co; American Biscuit Co; Smith's Cash
Store; Philadelphia Brewery ;A Levy A Co; Garcia
A Magglnl; Wetmore Bros; Pacific Wall Paper
Co; Whtaton, Breon A Co; Enterprise Brewer/ ;
American Union Fish Co: Mi.aniACo; Pacific
Coast Fish Co; G Camiioni: Buffalo Brewery;
Frederlcksnurg Brewery; Union Brewery; F B
Haight: Dairymen's Union; Hills Bros: Hilmer,
Bredhoff A Schulz; C X Whitney A Co;.AF
Chltds: Kowalsky A Co; Marshall A Keimer: Al
fred Wyss; OB Smith A Co: Getz Bros A Co: D
deßernardinl A Co: California Bottling Co; Hodge,
Sweeney A Co: Brigbatn, Hoppe &Co; Felling,
Creasy A Co: Whltlaud Produce Co; Western
Meat Co: Arctic Oil Works: H Kirchman A Co;
Marshall ATeggar ;WesthOff A Co; W F Mitchell;
HofHand A Rothschild. V : 3>; 'j
OCEAIf STEAMSHIPS^
ASTORIA AIDPOETLANtt |
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED. J
fciate of California sails. June 2, 12 an! XI j
Colnmbla sails June 7, 17 and 27
From spear-st. Whart (Pier a*) at 10 a. x.
COOUALuU PERKINS A CO., Genl. »nptv
' ' i. V. CONMOR, Uenaral A?ent,
' - 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
T*±rrmt Class &8.00
Second Class .^5.00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 few Montgomery Street
■ ' ; ".i QOODALL, PF.RKINS & CO.,
.■„;', . ueueral Ascents,
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAH
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JjA-
H Broadway wharf. Han Francisco, as -ftinfTT
. For Mary Island. Lortn*. Wran«et Joneao. JCll-
lisnoo ana Bitka (Alaska), at » a. m., June 3, |
18,-.8:»8 .ruiv:vl<."l.t, 28. ;••■■■ '.-'•"
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), l'ort Town-
«end Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (Belllnrham . Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
"m* 3 . 13. IX, '23 '2S. and every flftn-
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver -.Titli
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It,
it Seattle with O. N. Ry.. at Port Townsend wltn
Alaska steamers. ,
For Kureka. Arcata and Fields Landlna
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 r. m.. inn* 4 o. 10.
14 IX •2",'-±i> 3 ■ and every fourtn day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco%
port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, .Sun Pedro, East San |
Pedro (Los Angelas) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., June .
4. *. L'J, id. 'lv, 514. -a and every fourth day there |
San Dietro, stoppinc only at Port Hartorl |
/Ban Lois Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot \
Aneeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. II j
a. m. ■■< Ha - '"• 14; iS, '£•£. 'Z6, iUanJ every i
lonrtb day thereafter. —
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Pax. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m., June 2. "<i7, ana"J6thot eacu month there-
* TicKet office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
""'oOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l A<ent».
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g\ days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, L* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, \\ mi
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
H.S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra es.
S. S. ALAII KD A sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 23,
at 2 P. m. . •
Line to COOLGARDIE, AusU.and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. - - a -
' J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.
114 Montgomery si.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAK PACKET COMPANY. i
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL fiaßU
fortnightly, for the West Indies and J *Si£m
Southampton, : callini? en route at C^rbourgh. |
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.'
Through bills of lading, In connection with the |
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third ■
Class, $ 97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT <fe CO., Agents,
:.-■'■ 306 California st.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6 v. m, l>ailv.
Sunday at 7V. M. rv
jW Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
SltAMliUs:
T.C.Walker, ;J. . Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Niiv. and lnipt. Co
TALLEJO, MARK ISLiISD. *BE!fICIA,PO6I'
COSTA 111 CROCKETT.
•■- - STK. MOMICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. ■ * •
and 4F.M. ; ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 P. VI ■
•4».M.0n1y. BUnd * y - 8F - M "
Landing, Miaitioß 1, Pint «.
OCEAIt iTIiMSHIM.
COMPAG HIE GESERAL TRAXSATLIITIQUI
French Lino to Havr».
COMPANY'S PIEROJKW). 42 NORTH
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by iS" 5
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ami,
the discomfort of crossing the chanuel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, h.gypc via Pari*
first-class $1BO: second-class. *11U.
I A TOURAINE. CiipU SauteUl.. ..May 2$ 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ....May -'3. Ba. st
GASCOGNE.. ...Ju c •_'O. 7a. M.
fT mm .\,'i.- - July 4. 6 a.
A ■oasCOOSR July 11 a, m.
IA VOKMA VD1R...... AUTUStI. 5 a. M.
I A P.OVRGOGVE. Cnot. Leb—nf. TMiie 6. 7a. it.
& For farther partlcalars apply to %£
"" A. *OKOK f. ATen'.
No. 380 v j m . Oreeu, New York.
J. T. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, S Montjjomorf
avenue. San Fraia-ncc
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
JH>! TEII KN I'Ati'mC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC sysixm.i v-
Tmlfm leatve :»n«l nrr tine lo arrive at
SAN VBAKCISVO.
leave — FmiM JmotT. 139 C. — Aitnint
"•6-b6T3fi!cß, San .lose and V.ay Stitions... £ : i r>A
7i«»Oa Atlantic Impress, <»e''ii and Mat.. S*--l.Tp
7:00 a Ucnidi, VacsviUe, Kumsey. Sacr>
men to, OroviUo and Redding via
Da™ «:13p
7:00 a M.-.rtinez, San Ramon, iNapa, Calls-
tc-gj and Santa Kosa 6:13p
•sHOANiles, San Jour, Stockton, lone,
tticrarnento, Marysvillo and UeC
IJlnff .I'!?'
•8:30 a Peters aud Milton «<:l3p
•<<mia Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:45p
•:OOa Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
9:OOAVaUujo 6:ir»i-
-l:OOi" Xiles, San Jose and LWertnore 8:434
•1:00p Sacramento River Steamers »O:Oup
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way BUtions t?:43r
4:00r Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistogi*. El Verano tne
Santa Rosa *:13a
«i»Or Benicia, Vaciville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTiUs»
Oroville and Sacramento 19:45 a
4:301> Niles, San Jose, Liver moro and
Stockton 7ilsp
4:8»p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 1 1 :4Sa
»!»<H- New Orleans I rcsno. Bakers-
•ield, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles,
Derail ig, El Paso, New Orleans ana
East • 10.-ISa
SiOOp SauU l'o Him Atlautio Kxpress
for Mojiive and East 10:13 a
5:00p Vallejo lt*33*
6:OOr Kuroi>eau Mall, Ogricn and Bait.... i): 13 a
6iUOp H;iy»vanl3, NiliHHiiil Han Jose 7:13 a
1.7:00 Vnllejo 17: 15p
7:OOr Oregon Haeramento, Mnrvi-
villr. Raiding, Portland, Puget
Bound ami i:.u,t I O: -i 3 A
' SANTA <:KIIZ imiilON (Narrow <;nugp>.
~t77*sA Santa Cruz Excursion, Hanti Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }8:O3f
8:1 5 A No» Ceu terville,Ba .lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations. . . .: B>3ep
•SilOr Newark, Ce'itervilk, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, rtoalder Creek,
• Santa Cruz and Principal Way
.Station* *l 1:20 a
|4:13r Newark. San .lose and T.oa (.'rttos.... «[»:.~>Oa
COAST lU VISION (Tliinl A loiTiisi-ml Sis.)
•6: 15 A San Joso ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
t7>3OA Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana ■•"*■ '••'
:[■■'.■ '■- Principal Way Stations J»:3sp
•:13a San Jose, Am Plnot, H:mta Cruz
?acilic Grove, Paso Roblcs, Sac
Luis Ohlspo, Gnadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7rt>sp
19:47 a. Palo Alto and Way Stations fl s«Op
Io:4Oa Man Jose and Way Stations 5:00 p
11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
*3:30p San Mateo, Mcnlo Park, San Joss,
Giiroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cm;.,
Salina»,Montcrt'y «I0:40a
•»i:i«p San Jose, Paclfio Grovo and Way _
Stations *l;30F
•4:3OpSan Jo3e ami Way Stations •:>:..Ja
5:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations **:-I*a
4!::iOr San Jose and Way Stations 0:33 a
|ll:-S3l- San Joso ami Way Rtntions »7:l.'»i-
SAN IihAMUtO AMI HAVWAIU)> LOCAL.
i*0:00 A 1 ( 7: ISA
i*:OOa I t»:«"»A
1O. ! OOa Helro*e, Seminary Park, ! \° :l^
?I!SSr Fltchb«r SanLf»«dro »f:|^
3:00? BM (l J 4:t3p
J:OOp f " a "{ 3:1-->P
<>:00p DaYWirifK- I O:ir>i>
«:30p May wards. 7:| . p
7:« Op j v R:4[ip
Sloop < Knns through to Niles. lo!.->o£
\tl:lspj tFromNilea. (. tH2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
'rom SiS mNCISCO— Foot of Mirk«t Street (Slip 8) —
*7:15 O.fO 11:00 a.M. U:00 *2:30 *3:C3
# i:00 JS:CJ *6:00 p.m.
■mdi OAKLAND— of Broadw»j.— tj-.00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 '1:00 J2:00 *3:00 U:C3
■3:03r.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only
{ Sundays only.
i ■if Monday. Thursday on.l Saturday nights only
J» Saturday* and .Sundays for fcsvnt* Orrr.
SM FRANCISCO & RORTH Pi-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. *.• 12-3 SI
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:33
and 11:30 p. m.
80NDAY8— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00. 6:20 P. m.
San Rafael to San Fr»nclBco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a if •
at i 4 : B 55 3 p.^. 6 :10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trlpi
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:afc, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00,6:25 p.m. .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
schedule as above.
' I^ave Tn cWont ■ Arrive
Ban Francisco. A pril 2. San Fra "clsco.
Wkkk I Sun- jjes^natlon Sew- I *«««'
Days. I pays, destination. DAY!^ | Da
7:80 am! 7:30 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:4) asi
3:30 pm 0:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 fm Santa Rosa, 7:30 pm, 6:15 vit
' Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdshur;,
Geyserville,
8:30 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
( '■ i Pieta, i ~
7:30 am I Hopland & 10:10 am
3:3o pm) 7:3oam Uklah. 7:30 pmj 6:15 pm
7:80 am I 10:10 ax
7:30 am GnernevUle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm { 6:15 px
7:30 am 7:30 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 px
■ \ I Glen Ellen. [
7:30 AMj7:«O AMI gbt , 110:40 am 10:10 ax
3:30 l 5:00 pm| feeDa 3topou I 6: 5 pm j 6:15 pit
Staitea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Hlcatrgs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hisrblaud
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and uakepor: -, at
Bopland for La*eport and Bartett Spring!: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakea, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper La*e. Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day's. Llerley's, Bucknell's, San-
hedrin Heights, Hull vllle, Booneville, Green
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Cast, WUlets, Cahto, CoveSo,
Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rouud-trlp tickets atreduoed
rat- 1.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be*
yoml San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket nffie°s. 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
v H.C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
BAILKOAU
Trains leave from and arrlvo^O^Jg^p^^K : fi*^M
at Market-Street Ferry. t*Tt jlVji* /. TjTii.S
SANTA FE EXFKbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
■ via Kansas City without change. Annex can for
Denver and SU Louis.
The Pouu.ur b.i.NTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, iii charge of experienced agents, running
through to dps'inatlon.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room*.
Ticket Office— « 44 Market Street,
: Chronicle Building.
Torth PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, lonim. n June 15, 1890.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *8-00
*9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. it.: 1:45. 6..0, 4:15,
5:16. *t>:00. -:35 p. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 v. m.
SUNDAYS.'
For ■ Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, *9:0(),
»10:00, 11:30 a. m. ;•*!•<« :3 J. - 1 :;-!0, *2:15, *4:00,
11-00 * 8:30 p. m. Extra trip to Sausalitoao
11 :00 a. m.
Trains marked •• run to .San Quentin. **12:30
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
-For Point Reyes ana way stations— B:oo a.m.
Saturdays: 5:15 p. m. wepkauys.
c n°. r '" nl R*«.ves Caza'lero and way stations—
8:00 A. it. Sundays; 1:46 p. M. weekdays.IDYLLIC SIDE TO
OAKLAND POLITICS
Romance of Three Lives
Terminated at a Ward
Primary.
A LITTLE PLOT FAILED.
A Bigger One, More Adroitly
Planned and Concealed,
Was a Success.
FORMEBLY "JACK" AND M WILL"
Now It Is "Mr. McDonald" and "Mr.
White," and the Atmosphere
Is Frigid.
Oakiasd Offick, San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Juna 14. j
An idyl in politics!
The friendship of a lifetime from the
cradle to manhood was hopelessly severed
at the recent Democratic primary in the
Third Ward.
Somewhat over a score of years ago
Wihie White and Jack McDonald became
acquaimed as boys — little childish play
mates. They studied their school-lessons
togethsr, played marbles together, fought
each other as lads* who are not friends
and cowards do, and when one was award
ed a certificate more than the other each
felt equally sorry.
Time passed on, and William and John —
Bill and Jack no longer — went to St. Mary's
College togethar. They were like two
brothers in everythiug but build, William
being rather spare and John being inclined
to heaviness.
In course of time they graduated to
gether, and together they laid their plans
to meet the battie of life. Their tastes ran
in the same direction, and each wanted to
be a lawyer. They united in the desire
to see at no distant date the law firm of
White & McDonald. Both minds were
made up simultaneously to enter the
Hastings Law College. Together they
crossed the bay in the morning, and when
studies were done together they came
home in the evening. During this period
many of the evenings were spent at the
White home. They were very pleasant
gatherings to the two boys, and the
brotherly and, be it also whispered, a
Bisterly feeling were both fostered and in
creased. John and William again became
Jack and Will'
Things progressed so smoothly that the
announcement of an engagement was ex
pected, but it has not yet appeared.
When everything was wearing its most
roseate hue and when the dual horizon
was clear as a tropical moonrise a Demo
cratic primary was ordered in the Third
Ward, the home of both of these budding
men. Of all incongruous mixtures surely
nothing could beat that of a Democratic
primary with the idyllic life of Jack and
Bill for incongruity and unnaturalneßS.
But the collision between the two oc
curred and altered the future of two —
probably three — lives.
The Third Ward is entitled to two dele
gates and the two lads found themselves
in some unaccountable manner enlisted
under the banners of warring leaders. Mc-
Donald was studying law with R. M. Fitz
gerald and naturally leaned toward his
chief.
White could not desert the standard
raised by his father, W. W. Foote and
Frank Moffitt. There was a pause in the
friendship, but it soon ended. McDonald
would run with Fletcher on the Fitzgerald
ticket and White would run with Foote on
the Laymance ticket. The two friends
would then concentrote their forces and
elect each other, leaving the two partners
in the lurch. This plan was discovered by
some one who might be said to pose as
tne villain in the play. He organized the
scheme to beat the combination by having
Foote elected to the county committee as a
delegate-at-large. This left only one dele
gate to come from the Third Ward, and
both the boys couid not have it. They de
clared war and fought. McDonald was
elected by the returns, but fraud was al
leged, and the credential was given to
White. This widened the breach, and
JacK and Willie became for the first time
Mr. McDonald and Mr. White to each
other.
To-morrow. Mr. McDonald and Mr.
White go to Sacramento to fight the last
round. They do not visit each other now
and will not sit side by side as they go to
the capital.. Political aspiration has un
dermined a beautiful friendship, and no
one is now looking for the announcement
of an engagement.
Nothing that has occurred at the City
Hall for some time hns caused so much
unfavorable comment as the secret session
held last Friday night and part of Satur
day morning to elect school trustees for
the coming year. No municipal board in
Oakland has dared to hold a secret session i
for the transaction of public business since
the reform movement began three years
aeo.
The reason given by the members who
beld the secret session was that to dis
cuss the characters of teachers in public
might seiously injure them. Consequently,
the teachers that were dropped from the de
partment are now under a cloud that they
cannot penetrate or else the reason for
the secret session is not the genuine one.
During the past few weeks a great deal
has been said and published about the im
pairment of the school system that would
follow if Oakland were to pay no more to
its :eachers than other cities pay. Part of
what has been said may be true, for this
city is supposed to lead the coast in the
quality of its educational facilities. It is
equally true that if the teachers knew that
their positions were permanent and not
dependent annually upon the political
whims of a majority of the Board of Edu
cation, they would be far better able to do
justice to their pupils.
A system that will permit of a total
change in every school every twelve
months from principal to janitor is radi
cally wrong. Of course, this is the ex
treme view to take, but if a school board
should be elected next March whose com
plexion and affiliations arc- different from
that now in office, it is reasonably certain
that not an old teacher would be left after
the annual election next June. The splen
did school system of Oakland is of too
much importance to be at the mercy of
political freaks and a reconstruction of the
section of the charter governing it is as
necessary as was the amending of the sec- ,
tion governing the Board of Public Works.
Should such a change be made it is to be
hoped that it will produce better results
than the one referred to.
Every year, for perhaps a decade, there
has been an annual camp-meeting at Beu
lah Park. Each time the holiness people
assemble there are "trances" and "prophe
sying" and numerous conversions. There
is nothing more or less sensational about
the meeting now in progress than at any
previous one. While the teaching is
•trietly biblical, the leaders are very or
dinary evangelists, who preach much that
is good and some that is entirely imprac
ticable. Among such a gathering of re
ligious extremists there are some who are
so constituted that they are liable to go off
into a faint. Having become nervously
and mentally exhausted they swoon and
when they revive, in their semi-bysterical
manner they tell of "visions" that they
have seen while in the "trance." There is
nothing that they tell of having seen that
does not bear witness of havine originaled
in the impressions gained from the ad
dresses listened to before fainting.
Nothing thaf has yet been "revealed" is
to be compared with the vision of John on
Patmos' lonely isle. Yet the story of the
disciple has never been pronounced sensa
tional, but as soon as the effect of it and
other biblical stories is seen on a mind
much weaker than that of the apostle all
the surroundings become lurid with
"sensationalism." There is also without
doubt a suggestion of hypnotism in the
trance process. A youth who was "under
the power" last night was carefully
watched, and he haa every appearance of
being in a hypnotic sleep similar to that
seen in places where there is no sugges
tion of supernatural or divine power. The
present revival at Beulah Park is a big
disappointment compared with a good
old-time Southern Methodist camrmeet
in\ S. W. B.
Quarrel at ltlair's Park.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 14.— Fred Dono
van and Thomas Jones, bo"s, quarreled at
Blair's Park this afternoon. Donovan
drew his penknife and during the fight he
cut Jones on the cheek. Jones was treated
at the Receiving Hospital and Donovan
was taken by a constable* to the County
Jail.
>'o Official Historian*.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 14.— Local city
and county officials are not historians.
Yesterday was the one hundred and nine
teenth anniversary of the adoption by
Congress of the National flag. In many
cities the day was recognized by a gener
ous display cf stars ana stripe*. Not a
flag fluttered in Oakland and no one ap
peared to know anything about the day's
significance^
IT WAS THE PEOPLE'S DAY
Great Crowds in Golden Gate
Park and at the Ocean
Beach.
School Children Invited to Visit Sutro
Baths Next Saturday— Weston
Goes Ballooning.
Despite the many attractions without
the limits of San Francisco there were
many people yesterday at the park, at the
Cliff, at Sutro batbs and at the Haight
street grounds.
The children's playground in Golden
Gate Part at this time is the one point to
which the rising generation goes. As the •
close of the scholastic year approaches the j
pupils of the public schools are taken out ,
in classes by their teachers, given an out- j
ing, and then, by courtesy of the Commis- I
sioners, George M. Murphy, who has |
charge of these grounds, treats them to ■
rides on the merry-go-round and the don- j
keys. Last Friday four classes visited the ;
children's quarter.
Last Saturday Gardener Monroe did not i
forget that it was the one hundred and i
nineteenth anniversary of the adoption of !
the American flag, and he disolayed his
patriotism by decorating, with mitiiature
flags, the L/iDerty tree that was planted in j
the valley opposite the old band stand, a ,
few years since, by Sequoia Chapter of the
Daughters of the American Revolution. I
This tree, one of the giant sequoias of this *
State, planted in soil brought from many j
historic spots, is thriving well.
In the conservators Foreman Holbrow i
has a choice lot of new blossoms that have j
opened within the past few days. One is :
an exceedingly rare orchid. It is called |
the Renanthera Cochinea, is a native of ■
I Cochin China, and in England a very :
! Email specimen commands $6. It is grow- j
j ing over the south end of the lily pond, j
j is blood-red and scariet, and in the center j
of the blossom is a little formation resem
bling a brown bee with striped wings.
In the pond there is a sore of Fourth of
Jnly display of lilies. There is the red, j
the blue and the white, but the red and \
white blossom only in the morning.
Another rare plant now in bloom and;
giving fragrance to the atmosphere is the j
plumeria, from which the perfume fran- ;
gipani is produced.
A very peculiar plant is the Alocasia i
macrorhiza, the leaves of which are varie- !
gated cream white and pure green, but no
two leaves are marked alike. It is a great j
curiosity and is of the family from which j
the natives of the Sandwich Islands make
poi, their staple food.
Another very rare plant is the scarlet j
passion flower, which is pretty and at
tractive.
"Jatropba" is the sign on a pot contain
ing a plant the stem of which is bottle
shaped and surniounted by a blossom t: at
loots like a piece of coral, but in. color
orange scarlet It is the plant from which
jalap is made. It will be placed on ex
hibition in the main conservatory to-day.
A great curiosity that has just bloomed
is the cashew nut. This sends forth a
fruit that is soft when ripe, and from the
fruit projects the seed, which is kidney
shaped and exceedingly hard. It is said
to be the only fruit tnat produces the
stone or s?ed outside of itself.
President Austin of the Park Commis
sioners said that he did not know what
would be done in regard to a park for the
people of the Mission, but he was of the
opinion that they ought to have one larger
than that which the two abandoned ceme
teries would give them.
Captain Thomson of the park police is
sad because on Saturday in chasing some
individuals who were violating the regu
lations he lost one of his heavy silver
mounted spurs. "If the linder will return
it at the police station 1 will hand him $5
and only say thank you."
Those who visited the Sutro baths, and j
they were many, witnessed many good
races, swimming and canoe, high diving I
and Dana Thompson's trick of remaining j
under water for many minutes. He says
it is a trick, and wants people to guess j
how he does it.
Next Saturday Colonel Robinson pro.
poses to have Mi*s Foote and young Cor
nell make a high dive simultaneously, but
he has not announced whether Cornell i
will don female attire as on a previous oc- j
casion.
Mayor Sutro was not at the heights yes
terday. For several days he has been on
his ranch in Jsapa County. He has, how
ever, authorized the manager of the baths
to extend an invitation to the lirst-class
pupils of all classes in this City to visit the
baths on Saturday next, when they will be
admitted free and a special performance
will be given. There are more than 700
classes in this City.
George Weston made a successful ascen
sion from tbß Haight-street grounds yes
terday afternoon, ami his parachute jump
was a fine one. He dropped more than
fifty feet before the parachute opened. He
landed on the eastern end of Buena Vista
Park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
NEW GRAMMAR
SCHOOL TO OPEN
Ex - County Superintendent
P. M. Fisher Is Elected
Principal.
NINTH GRADES NAMED.
Manual Training School Will
Also Open if Funds
Permit
LONG RECORD AS A TEACHER.
The New Principal Has Been an Edu
cator for More Than Twenty
Years.
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 14. f
The new Central Grammar School in
which will be located the normal .training
P. M. Fisher, Late Editor of the Pacific Educational Journal, Who Has Been
Appointed Principal of Oakland's New Central Public School.
department, will be opened after the holi
days. It is centrally located in the old
bif."h school building at Twelfth and
Market streets.
The normal training department is sup
plied with a complete outfit and the
classes will be large. The establishment
of the school has long been regarded as a
necessity, and all the ninth grades west of
Lake Merritt will be transferred to it. The
course of study will be so arranged that
graduates irom it will use nearly a year's
time in going through the high school.
The principal who was elected at Fri
day's meeting, P. M. Fisher, is an edu
cator with a State reputation. Until the
withdrawal of the State appropriation for
its maintenance he was the editor of the
Pacific Educational Journal.
The new principal has been a teacher all
his life and is a sell-made Pennsylvania.
Thirty years ago, when a very young man,
he taught school during winter'and worked
as a plasterer during summer. When but
18 years of age he was elected principal of
the" Mayersdale school with two assistants.
He graduated fpom Mount Union College,
Ohio, in 1876, and came to California a
year later. While a resident of Irvington
Mr. Fisher was elected County Superin
tendent of Schools in 1882 and served one
term of four years. Since that time he
has been employed as a lecturer and editor.
An effort wasrnade by Dr. Myra Krose,
School Director, to secure the appointment
as principal for Mr. Faulkner of San Fran
cisco, but P. M. Fisher proved to have a
big majority of the votes in the board and
captured the prize. The salary is $2000 a
year.
There is some doubt as to whether the
money necessary for the establishment of
the manual training school can be ob
tained from the current tax levy. This,
however, will not affect the establishment
of the grammar school, which will open
after the holidays. A special teacher will
be appointed to the manual training
school, which. will be quite independent of
the grammar school.
TO JOIN THE OLYMPICS
Tempting Offer Being Considered
by a State University
Athlete.
San Francisco's Great Athletic Club
Tenders a Life Membership
to Ralph Lloyd.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 14.— Ralph B.
Lloyd. '99, one of the University's most
promising athletes, has received from Gill
of the Olympic Club an offer of a life
membership in that organization if he will
join.
Lloyd has taken the offer under consid
eration, and it is possible that the near
future will ace one more of the TJ. C's
prominent athletes captured by San Fran
cisco's great club.
"If I join it will be with a proviso that
1 shall not be compelled to enter any field
days or contests under Olympic colors,"
said Lloyd. "With such a condition I can
accept the offer of the Olympic Club and
still enter for the college in all events."
Lloyd is one of the best athletes the
university has at present. He received
over thirty medals duiing his preparatory
school and freshman days, and was one of
five who were regarded as worthy of being
sent East last term.
Lloyd now holds the university record
in the pole vault and has several times
beaten the champion, Edgren, in the shot
put, besides doing good work in the ham
mer thro.v.
It is probable that he will abandon the
pole vault and confine himself to the shot
put and hammer throw in the future, as
the increasing weight which serves him
well in the latter events is a drawback in
the former.
To Bnild New Schools.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 14— The Board
of Education will hold a meeting to
morrow night at the Town Hall. It is
expected that the construction of new
school buildings, as provided for by the
recent spocial election, will be among the
matters discussed.
Deacons Installed.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 14.— The new
South Berkeley Presbyterian Church in
stalled its deacons at the regular service in
Achby Hall this morning, the Rev. F. J.
Akers preaching the sermon. The deacons
are Messrs. Wright, Randall, Dargie, Dil
lon and Bochrer.
GENUINE ACKNOWLEDGMENT.
Received by a Congressman Who Sent
Home Flower Seeds.
A New England Congressman recently
sent one of his constituents a package of
flower seeds for the latter'^ wife, and re
ceived a genuine Yankee acknowledg
ment. The latter thanked the member
for the flower seeds so kindly sent, "in
cluding sweet peas and other varieties of
long, unpronounceable, unintelligible, ro
mantic names. We have planted the
seeds," the letter continued, "and if they
grow we will use the names to train the
vines on."
In the same connection one tells at the
capitol of a visitor to a committee-room
who found a Congressman's clerks busily
directing seed packages."
"What are you doing?" the visitor
asked.
'Sending out garden seeds," was the
answer.
"Seeds?" said the other. "This late in
the season you ought to be sending out
vegetables."— Washington Post.
LIVELY AT THE PRESIDIO
A Stable, Two Brick Barracks,
Grading, Well-Boring and
Tunneling.
Target Smashed by an Eight-Inch
£*fle at Alcalraz — General
Forsyth's Trip.
General James W. Forsyth, command
ing the Department of California, left the
City last Saturday for Yosemite Valley.
He was accompanied by Lieutenant J. F.
R. Landis. During the trip to the moun
tains General Forsyth will visit the four
troops of the Fourth Cavalry performing
duty in that region of the Sierra. The
work of opening new trailsand putting old
roads in passable condition will be per
formed by the troops this summer. It is
possible that General Forsyth may return
from the valley in time to participate in
the Sloat celebration at Monterey early in
July.
Dr. G. L. Edie, U. S. A., has reported for
duty as assistant surgeon at the Presidio.
Dr. Stevenson, who was assigned to duty
at this station some weeks since, has been
ordered to the Department of the Colum
bia.
J. W. Murphy of Modesto, who secured
the big contract for grading and filling in
the marsh at tne Presidio, will establish
his camp to-day and begin active work this
week.
Lively times at the Presidio are prom
ised during the next few months. While
Murphy's men are crading down and fill
ing in Contractor Silas Carle's men will be
working on the new quartermaster's stable
Meanwhile Kelso's workmen will be put
ting in drains, while another force will be
engaged in putting in a caisson for a new
artesian well at the stables. Bias have
been invited for the construction of two
more douDle brick barracks, and before the
graders have finished their work the build
ers will be on the ground.
Colonel Kirn ball, chief quartermaster of
the department, has received estimates
from contractors indicating that the cost
of tunneling the Presidio hill, so that a
water supply by gravity mny be obtained,
■will not exceed $10,000.
Captain Crabb's Battery H, Fifth Artil
lery, has gone to Fort Can by in pursuance
of recent orders for change of station.
The Canby batteries will soon arrive at
the Presidio. Tliey are due June 19.
The army journals meke extended no
tice of the wedding of Miss Maude An
thony and Lieutenant Lewis M. Koehler,
IsMntli United States Cavalry, at the An- j
thony home In Leavenwortb, May 26. The !
bride, a beautiful and highly giited young
! lady, is the only daughter of Colonel Dan
iel K. and Mrs. Anthony, and a niece of |
Susan B. Anthony. The bride's father is
a conspicuous figure in Kansas history,
and the mother is a lady of rare intelfi
] gence and beauty.
Major C. A. Woodruff, who is well
known in Loyal Legion, Grand Army, and
social club circles of San Francisco, is now
the chief commissary of the Department of
the East, with headquarters at Governor's
Island, New York.
The annual June practice in heavy artil
lery firm i is progressing At the posts in
this harbor. Some excellent shooting
with the 8-inch converted rifle was re
corded at Alcatraz last week. All the bat
teries went to the "Rock" to engage in
the exercises. Direct tiring is the order
with the rifled guns. The guns at Alca
traz smashed the target three times in fif
teen shots, at a distance of 1500 yards. At
2700 yards good results were obtained, but
at that range the target to the gunners is
a mere speck in the water. It may be
heresy to proclaim it, but some of the ar
tillerists, throwing aside all calculations
except the ordinary allowance for wind
pressure, sighted a gun with a good record
at the target, and at the first fire hit the
mark squarely, smashing the tareet com
pletely. As Captain Vogdes remarked,
"We knew the gun."
PROGRESS OF
"DIVINE SCIENCE"
Three Thousand Believers
Claimed in This
Country.
BEGAN FOUR YEARS AGO.
From This City It Has Spread
Into Every Part of
the Country.
OBJECTS OF THE ASSOCIATION.
"To Present the Science of Life as
the Basis of All True
Education."
Mrs. M. E. Cramer, president of the In
ternational Divine Science Association,
gave an interesting account of the third
International Congress of Scientists re
cently held at Kansas City at tne weekly
meeting at the home college of the associa
tion held yesterday at 3360 Seventeenth
street. An audience of half a hundred
people filled the parlors of the Cramer
residence to hear of the work done at the
congress.
The International Divine Science Asso
ciation, which at present numbers some
3000 members, scattered all over the coun
try, was founded four years ago in this
City by Mr. and Mrs. Cramer. The ob
jects of the association, as stated iv the
constitution, are:
'•To unite scientists and metaphysicians
of every name in practical co-operation
who are interested in the work of dissemi
nating a knowledge of the truth of being,
and practically demonstrate the unity
which all scientists claim, by working with
that unity of purpose whknis everywhere
manifest in the works of God; to call Inter
national congresses.National and State con
ventions at any time the association may
deem advisable; to publish divine science
literature in different languages; to pre
sent the science ol life as tue basis of all
true education."
At the time of the organization of the
association the following officers were
elected to serve for four years:
M. E.Cramer, president; Mrs. C. S. Alden,
recording secretary; Mrs. R. M. Daniels, cor
responding secretary; Mrs. S. A. Eckman, as
sistant corresponding secretary; \V. H. Dan
iels, treasurer. Advisory council— C. L. Cramer
(chairman), \V. B. Snaut, M. K. Green, Carrie
S. Alden, Sarah A. Eekman, Mrs. L. Anderson,
W. H. Daniels, A. B. Kmne, M. E. Cramer,
M. D. Shaut, Rosaltha M. Daniels.
Since the organization of the associa
tion three international congresses have
been held. The first congress was held in
this City in 1894, and few representatives
from outside of the State were present. In
the following year a second congress was
held at Chicago, which was attended by
representatives from all over the country.
At the third congress, recently con
cluded at Kansas City, between 800 and
1000 were present. The sestion lasted
from the 12th to the 18th of last month
and was characterized by remarkable en
thusiasm throughout. The work of the
congress and many incidents of interest
were related yesterdafy by Mrs. Cramer to
her listeners. On her return from Kansas
City she conducted a class in Christian
science at Denver for three weeks, and, be
sides many converts, among whom were
some of the wealthiest people of the city,
effected some remarkable cures through
Frank Bexen and His Wife, Susie Bexen. Who Phave Cust«r.»*: la Their Shop
en Alameda Avenue, Alameda.
Christian healing, of which she will speak
on Sunday next.
The home college of the association is
conducted by Mr. and Mr?. Cramer, and
consists of a primary course, dealing with
the basic principles of divine science; a
training course, for training in the practice
of healing; a theological course, which aims
to give a knowledge of the Scriptures and
the practical application of the science;
and a normal course, which develops and
fits students to teach.
The fourth International Congress will
be held next year at St. Louis, where there
are a large number of members of the as
sociation. The Business Men's League of
St. Louis has already donated the use of a
hall for the congress. On next Thursday
evenins the annual meeting of the associa
tion will be held in this City, the financial
reports will be made and a time will be set
for the election of officers to succeed the
present officers, who have served since the
organization of the association.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
F C. Havens to Alfred S. Barney, lots 33 and
84 block E, Oakland View Homestead Map of
lands Oakland View Homestead Association, Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $5
Alfred S. and Marian E. Barney to Ellen H.
Chabot, same, Oakland: $10. . _
Matthew and Margaret McDoaough to Alary rte
Labrusse, lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 32:3 \V
of Kirkham, W 50 by X 104:9. belti* lots 15 and
16, block 583, scotcbler Tract. Oakland: $10.
Margaret Plover to Catherine J. Meyer, lot, on
NW corner of Pacific and Campbell streets, >'
25:7 by \V 74:3, being lot 'J6, blook 466, map of
Gibbons' property, Oakland ; gift.
Auction Sales
I, H. BURD,
Office and Warehouse, 21 1-2 13 I<arkln St.
FINE DRY STORAGE.
THIS DAY,
Monday June 15, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. v., at
455 O'IPAI^R.HST-jI-i ST.,
I WILL SELL
THE EIEGAST FURSITIRE OF 15 ROOMS
cossisTrsra or
12 Solid Oak and Cherry Bvdroom Snits; Odd Par-
lor Furniture; Koldln? Bed; Chiffoniers; Ward-
robes; and Bed Lounges: Klegant Hair Mat-
tress; Fine Blankets and Bedding of all kinds;
Lace Curtains aud Ponieres; Brussels Carpet
throughout, the bouse. Dining-room and Kitchen
Furniture of every description.
Note.— This house will be for sale on easy terms
as a whole if a sa isfactory bid is offered; if not,
will be sold in lots to suit.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer.
THIS DAY AT 11 A. M.
GROCERY AUCTION.
Church and Duncan Streets.
FRANK W. Bt'TTEHfIKLD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery st.
A. Wlndross to N. C. Crittenden, lot 88, block F,
Beulaii Park property, £mi Oakland; $10.
Charles J. and Sarah M. Fox to George Chalmers,
lot on 8 line of Durant avenue, 100 W ol Audubon
street or College avenue, W 50 by S 130, block 9,
property of College Homestead Association,
Berkeley: $10.
Jesse E. (iodley to I. C. Mayhew, lot on E line of
Mil via street, 240 N of Rose, N 40 by E 136, be
ing the 8 40 feet of lot 6, block 19, Berkeley Villa
Association Berkeley; $10.
Thomas W. and Minnie lJOwnins; to Fred M. and
Emma J. French, lot 7, block C, King Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. W. Phillips, Clara K. (by attorney) and Irv
ing C. Lewis (and as attorney) to Helen E. Mun
roe. lot on H line of Washington street, 60 w of
Bassett. \V 50 by N 125, being lots 31 and 36, map
of Pnillips resubdivtsion block 773, Levy Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Andres de Santos to Filomeno Mendes, lot on W
line of Bay street, 190 8 of Santa Clara avenue, S
50 by W lc,o, being lots 17 and 18. block 18, Mary
A. Fitch Homesteal, Alameda; $10.
Henry A. 51. de Chesne to Marie F. and H. A.
M. de Chesne Jr., lot on SE Corner of Santa Clara
avenue and Webster street, E 140 by B 80, Ala
medu; also lot on \V line of urove street, 56 a of
Alden avenue, S 28 by W 90, block D, map of
Henry subdivision of Whitcher, Brockhurst and
Kowland Tract, Oakland; also personal property;
gift
Charles F. Hall to Louis F. Manowa. lots 44 and
45, block 75, map of northern addition to Brook
lyn, East Oakland; $20.
Daniel J. and Margaret Coughlin to Christina
Barclay (wile E. C.) lot on SE corner Of Delaware
and Hamilton streets, E 110x3 50, being portion
of range 8, Hardy Tract, Berkeley. $100.
Jesse E. oodley to Eva M. Hare, lot on W line of
MJlvia sire- 1, 160 N Rose street, X 80xW 135, be
ing the -s 80 foot lot 8. block 18, Map of Berkeley
Villa Association Property.
WOMAN'S NEW VOCATION
Alameda Possesses a Lady Bar
ber Who Has Many
Customers.
She Is Married, Has Five Children
and Helps Her Husband in Order
to Save Wage Money.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 14.— "You want
a shave, sir?" "Certainly." "I just call
mine wife. Sunday mornings I always
pretty busy."
His wife came. A neat, comely woman,
below medium height, of about 30 years of
age, clad in a blue print waist and skirt of
black, with a white lawn apron in front.
She came to the chair and stood mod
estly waiting to begin.
Then she looked and felt it was business.
The head-rest was sciewed into position,
and before you could realize it your face
was coated with a creamy mass. You
closed your eyes and succumbed to the in
evitable. The actioa was the same, the
result so far was no different, and you won
dered why you came. But imperceptibly
you feel the delicate touch of a light, soft
hand gliding over your cheek, a slight me
tallic thir.k-thiuk murmurs in your tym-
panum, your head is softly reversed, the
ends of your mustache are turned on one
side and the operation is complete.
So quickly has it been all accoruplished,
so new the'sensation that you want it all
done over azain. You have been shaved
by a married woman in Alameda.
The novelty has caught on and Frank
Bexen is doing a "convention" trade since
his wife started in to assist him.
Mr. Bexen was born in Metz, and during
the Franco-German war was a member of
one of the Prussian companies of lieht
dragoons. After the war his occupation
was gone and be had to look for some
thing to do. Eventually he came to
America, bringing his wife with him.
Three years ago he took a shop on Ala
meda avenue, a fewdoors from Park street,
"Why did my wife help me? I ' said he.
"Well, you gee, my man had to go away
to Los Angeles on business, and I had to
get a new one.
"My wife said to me : 'Never mind get
ting any more strange peoples. You can't
afford to get a good man when you shave
for 10 cents. I just help you.'
"I said all right, and I* taught her how
to shave me."
Mrs. Bexen says she does not mind
shaving now. She is glad to do it to save
expenses.
Her five little ones trooped in as it was
just past the noon hour, and took their
smiling mother with them to get dinner.
Alameda Cyclers.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 14.— The Ala
meda Cyclers had a handicap club run of
five miles to-day from ban Leandro to
CUAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Saledays,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 76L
_ ."' THIS DAY.
M0nday. ....................... Jane 15, 1895,
At 11 o'clock A. M. at private residence,
741 IITOIA STREET, CORNER SIXTH,
WE WILL SELL
Odd Pieces Upholstery, Hedrooin Sets,
Best of Bedding.
Carpets, Bed Lounges. Lace Curtains, Pictures,
Wardrobes, Meat Safe, Crockery, Glassware,
1 KPfcxatu Range, Oilcloth, Etc., Ktc.
CUAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneer!.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Sutter. St., Above Grant A re.
AT SALESKOOM THIS DAT,
Monday June 15, 1896,
At 10:30 a. m.,
....I WILL SELL....
An enormous stock of Parlor Furniture; Brtc-a-
Brae; Plate Mirrors: Pictures; Chamber Suits in
all varieties; Sideboards ; Kxtensioo Tables; Chairs:
Bookcases; Desks: Stoves, arid 3 Bars and Back
Bars; Safes and Cash Registers.
___^ 1 ' S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
Haywards. The object was to have a try
out amone the members before choosing
representatives for a trophy race.
Only ten started, and finished as fol
lows: Ramsay, Jacobsen, Hurley, Curtis,
Kleupfer, Fortner, Cumbers, Nissen, Bul
lion, Roos. Hurley made the best time,
which was given as 12 minutes 20 seconds.
Nissen, who was the only scratch man,
finished last but one. A good deal of
grumbling manifested itself on account of
tandem teams pacing the handicap men
The Democratic Muss.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 14.— One of the
Daggett delegates stated last night, and
he said he was speaking on authority, that
the Alameda Daggett delegates will be
seated without doubt at the convention.
His grounds for sayine so were that the
other rolls being declared null and void,
fifty-six Democrats were prevented from
voting; and also that the other side re
sorted to stuffing at the Park - street
booth.
The Foote-Laymance section discounted
the statement, and said there was noth
ing in it, as they had their credentials.
Should they be unseated the result would
be similar to that which ensued when the
Alameda .Republican party was ousted.
A BISHOP FROM UTAH.
He Lectures at the Pythian Castle on
Blor monism.
John E. Booth, a Mormon Bishop and a
member of the first Legislature of Utah,
delivered an address in Friendship Hall,
Pythian Castle, last night to the California
Mormon Mission and a large audience.
He replied to a denunciation by the Utah
Presbytery of the Mormon faith and the
refusal of the Presbytery to extend the
hand of fellowship to the Mormona.
The bishop proved to the satisfaction of
the mission members that there had been
an apostacy from the primitive church;
that none of the so-calied denominations
that denounced the Mormon church were
following strictly Christ's teachings,
and showed that the Mormon people were
following the teachings of Christ. He
then asked why the band of other Chris*
tian people should be withdrawn from
his church.
He also spoke of the divinity of the
sacred Book of Mormon, demonstrat
ing that it is the history of the ancient in
habitants of this continent, of which the
American Indians are now a remnant.
The question of the hereafter was taken
up and treated from a scientific stand
point.
"THE TRUE RELIGION."
Pastor Birch's First Sermon in
Calvary Presbyterian
Church.
It was children's day at Calvary Pr«sby
cerian Church yesterday, and the occasion
of the first appearance in the pulpit of
Rev. W. L. Birch Ph.D., late of Manches
ter, England, who is temporarily taking
the place of the Rev. John Hempbill, D.D.
The pulpit was beautiful with flowers,
and the children, who crowded the church
at the morning service, looked bright and
happy.
Pastor Birch assured the children that it
was unnecessary for them to give up fun
and play in order to be consistent Chris
tians, and said that every robust boy
should be able to skin the cat (a horizon
tal bar feat), to run a mile and to swin in
the sea. Girls should be both beautiful
and strong. When Christ took little child
ren in his arms to bless them he laid the
foundation of a beneficent evolution,
■which has taught the civilized world to
reverence the lambs as specially dear to
God.
"True Religion" was the topic of the
evening discourse. "Tne religion taught
by Christ," said the preacher, "is unques
tionably the truth. It is not a garment to
put on and off to suit one's likes and dis
likes, but a training in righteous habits.
Religion is not fenced in innocence, but it
implies a mixture with the world, trial
and temptation. True religion is not
based upon the ecclesiastical authority,
but upon reason. To feed the hungry
with barley bread was great, but daily to
inspire despairine souls to trust in God and
men and to try to do as they would be
done by is greater. Every man who honestly
endeavors to act up to the light God has
given him is truly religious. The death
of Christ showed thaHnstead of blaming
men for sin be had laid their iniquity
upon himself and died that e^ery penitent
sinner might be saved."
Concerning the professional labors of
Pastor Birch in England, the late Rev. C.
H. Spurgeon said: "Souls have been
saved under his earnest ministry in great
number?. He has done as much in the
ministry and in orphanage work as the
foremost man in England, and all upon
the most self-denying terms."
The pastor preached his first sermon,
when he was 12 years of age, for the bene
fit of two of his orphaned companions,
and since then, almost without intermis
sion, has preached every Sunday.
Though a Baptist, he gives freedom to
every Christian to act according to con
science, and advocates the union of all
evangelical denominations. He desires to
mission the Solomon Islands, where sav
agery and cannibalism abound, and hopes
to induce the various sects to agree to
bary the hatchet of unessential 'detaiig
and send all-round Christian men and
women to uplift the barbarous people of
those islands.
He regards lockouts and strikes, even
when lawfully conducted, as modern acts
of unbrotherly antagonism, to whic^i,
however, unless arbitration be arranged,
outsiders must bow. At such times he
has stood with the men to urge them to
try to do as they would be done by, and as
a member of the Federated Trades Council
and a minister of religion to try to bring
the employers to act justly and in the
spirit of kindness. The result has been
that in cities where he has been located
during big strikes, not a stone has been
thrown or a shot fired. He has more than
once saved a town from riot and blood
shed.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A*+**Jm <'>-•"> HKAR.VTST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Km i fti Ml Disease*, Lost Manhood. . Debility or
«fc' disease wearingonbodyandmindand
■ Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
J?C& Mothers fail. ( Try him. Charges low.
«'«»«-«-• ail teed. Callorwrita,
Dr. J. *'. UIBBOIK« Box 1937. San Francisco.
1314
SCOTS WILL MEET
ON THE FOURTH
And a Right Royal Time
They Will Have at
Shell Mound. .
A HIGHLAND WELCOME.
What the Scottish Thistle
Club Will Offer Its
Friends.
All Former Efforts to Be Eclipsed in
the Provision for Pleasure
Now Making.
The coming Fourth of July will be fit
tingly celebrated by the San Francisco
Scottish Thistle Club at Shell Mound
Park, Berkeley.
The eames committee having in charge
the various arrangements are laboring
zealously to make the gathering the
greatest ever yet held in the history of the
club. No pains or money is being spared
to bring about such a result. The pro
gramme of events, which never lags in
interest, will be more varied than hereto
fore. Several new and pleasing events
have been added and only the best of the
old retained.
The games will start at 10 A. M. and con
tinue throughout the entire day in the
amphitheater, while the lovers of Terpsi
chore will have ample opportunity to
"trip the light fantastic" in different parts
of the grounds. Besides the spacious pa
vilion several out-of-door clatforms will
be erected. Everything will be done for
the comfort and pleasure of the club's
patrons.
Two of the most popular bands in »an
Francisco, besides a fall corps of High
land bagpipe-nlayers and the celebrated
Irish piper, Professor McCarthy, nave
been engaged and will furnish the music
for the occasion.
John Donaldson has been engaged to
act as official starter, which is a guaran
tee in itself that tne competitors in ti e
various events will be fairly dealt with.
Liberal cash pnz- s and handsome medals
will be awarded successful competitors.
The club has set aside for the Amateur
Athletic Association a one mile race.
This will undoubtedly be hotly contested,
as some of the best runners on the coast
have signitied their intention of entering.
Two bicycle rac ■« have been provided,
one a one mile and the other a two mile.
For these event 3 cash prizes will be
awarded. Vaulting with the pole has
been made an amateur event. The heavy
weights will have ample opportunity to
show their great powers in the puttine of
the stone, throwing the hammer, tossing
to caber, quoits and tug of war. For the
jumpers the following have been provided:
Standing high leap, hop, step and jump
or hop, hop and jump, running high leap.
There will be sport for both old and young,
and, indeed, for every other class. Races
have been provided for children, the young
ladies, the married ladies, the old men
and apprentices of ships lying in the har
bor. The usual Scotch dancing, Irish jig
and reel and sailors' hornpipe will also be
features of the programme!
The prizes for the Irish jig and reel
dancing have been fixed at $14. $10 ai\d $6,
and a special rueilal will also be awarded
to the one showing the highest degree of
excellence. This medal is the gift of M.
McGrath.
The amusing leap frog race, obstruction
race, football dribbling race and sack
hurdle race will contribute no end of en
joyment.
Recorder Paterson has been in commun
ication with every society in this City and
the surrounding towns, and each and all
have assured him that they will send rep
resentatives to the gathering and uames.
All the public officials, from the Mayor
down, are expected to attend. The com
mittee in charge have, therefore, every
reason to believe that the approaching
festival will eclipse all former ones. The
usual Highland welcome will be extended
to all who attend.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUBINEBS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali~
710 Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery stiMl
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open untiTjT:3o o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets, opa
or. til 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ij_3S= OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22. •' • "
lE^- 7 F. and A. M.— Called meeting for_A
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:3o^tjf
o'clock. Second decree. By order of W.M. f^z\
EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
B_3j : » KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. __
WZ& 1 60, F. and A. M., corner Geary and_
Swiner su.— Called meeting THIS (MON- if 2f
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third /V^
degree. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
&__&' SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER •
V^y No. 3, Royal Arch Masons, meets __\.
THIS EVENING for business T__f
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /v\
_t5S> THE ANNUAL PICNIC OFy,_f
IP*' the Ancient Order of Foresters and __T
Compaions of the Forest of San Francisco, jff'\
Oakland and San Jose will be held at Agri- £ .3
cultural Park, San Jose, on WEDNESDAY, June
17, 1896. Take narrow-gausre ferry, foot of Mar-,
k»-t hi., at 8:45 a.m., or broad-gauge train, Third
and Townsend sts .at 9 a.m. Tickets are good
either way. Broad-gauee train stops at Twenty-
fifth and Valencia sts., Menlo Park, Redwood City
and Palo Alto. Tickets can be bad at the office of
the per. sec., John Falconer, 102 O'Farrell st, or
at the depots on the day of the picnic.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
fESF^EIR^riiOL-MAN AND^LINQuisT^RE?
K^-S^ moved to 1370 Market st ; poor treated free.
_P_f=> BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
tSr~& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montsy st., room 6. Tel. 6580.
_Z~~s= COFFkY'S COLLECTION CO.. 235
«*-—^ Kearny st, ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
DIVIDEND notices. *
■"'divide 1 n d "n otic_£3>ivi5 d no."
836' 82 (.5 cents per share) of the Hntchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st, on and
after SATURDAY, June 20, 1896. Transfer-
books will close Saturday, June 13, 1896. at 12
o'clock m. K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTEXI-FEMALE.
\ WAITING SITUATIONS^COoksi W AlT-
■i*- resses. nursegiris and girls for housework.
MRS. HIRD, 721 Kill, st
NUMBER OF FIRST-CLASS SWEDISH
and German girls waiting for situations at
Swedish Employment Office. 315 Sutterst
OOD COOK WISHES A POSITION IN THE
country; thoroughly domesticated; good
housekeeper: understands general housework. X.,
box 167, this office.
C GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
VT small American family. New Atlantic Hotel,
207 Montgomery aye.
ANTED— BY CAPABLE WOMAN, GEN-
»' eral housework in American family: c oiintry
or city. 33 iy» Howard St.
\\ OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
'» washing or cleaning; references if required.
Call for two days at 919 Natoma st
COMPETENT WOMAN; IS NICE AMERI-
\J can cook and good laundress; kind to children;
will work in city or country in nea* family; waxes
$10 to $12. Call at 749 Howard st
R" KSPECTABLE WOMAN DESIRES SITUA-
tion to do general housework: plain cork and
laundress; many years', references. Call at 364
Jessie st. - ..'.-■-
-yOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X stenographer, typewriter and bookkeeper; ref-
erence; salary no object. Address S. A. c;., Call
Branch, 713 Larkin st
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
OU~BEKEEPER WANTS POSITION IN RE-
spectable family : best of reference: or second
work and can do sewing. 706 Jones st ; call bet
12 and 4 P. M.
\U OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
»T washing and ironing or housework; or will
wash flannels home. 353^; Minna st ' ,\i
Vounc* GIRL WISHES situation for
X general housework. Call at 1909 Stevenson st..
near Twentieth. ■
/COMPETENT DRESSMAKER WISHES A
\J feu- more engagements by the day at $2: will
take work home. 417 Larkin st, room 27.
MIDDLK-AGED WOMAN WANTS A SlTU-
ation. general housework, city or country.
257 Stevenson st •
OTHER AND DAUGHTER WANT TO
take charge of residence while owner is away
in the country. Address 1425 Howard st.
. MERICAN YOUNG LADY, WELL EDU-
A. cated, desires position as companion or nurse
to lady: does not object to traveling; good home
more of an object Apply EVA BAKER, 1915
San a Clara aye., Alameda.
XT URSE— PROTESTANT WOMAN WANTS
XN situation to mind a child; country. Address
H. M., 2917 Harrison st.
ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG GIRL
to do general housework and plain cooking.
216 Fifth st. ■
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day; Is good laundress. Call or address
212 Twenty-first st.
WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DC) GEN-
»' eral housework, plain washing and ironing.
Call or address 267 Minna st - : •", v-
EXPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES BITUA-
■ tion to mind children; sleep home. Address
R. H., box 112. Call Office.
■RESPECTABLE IRISH GIRL WANTS SITU-
Xt ation to do upstairs work, sewing and waiting:
can be highly recommended. Address 913 Kast
Fifteenth st, East Oakland. .
TRONG YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK
by the day, week or month. Call or address
713% Clementina st., in rear.
SITUATION WANTED AS HOUSEKEEPER
in widower's family ; city or country. Call or
address 951 Miss-ion st.
■yOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
I traveling companion. Call 706 Ellis st. : ring 2
bells.
WANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
»' companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated
and fond of children. 8., box 1, Call Office.
T/IR*T-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS WORK
X by the day or month; has good reference; city
or country. Apply 610 Clay st.
ITUATION WANTED BY A RELIABLE
13 woman to do housework: is a pood cook; will
do washing. 924 Washington st., near Powell.
l^irs^t-classljressmalvEß WILL GO OUT
X by the day or work at home: fit guaranteed;
reasonable. 219 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKKfRTTviLL MAKE SUITS, $4.
XJ any style; perfec; fit guaranteed. 2 Rose aye.,
upstairs: no sign.
\'OUNcV GERMAN WOMAN. WITH A BABY,
I wishes situation, in city or country. Inquire
207 Montgomery aye. ;.
VTEAT GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
i.i to do upstairs work and sewing. Call or ad-
dress 2505£_ Mission st
\\T INCHED 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS . WANTED-MALE.
Tfo^iTc^KSrVVAif E R s7?ORTE RS~AND
II men for all work can be secured at J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.'S, 628 Sacramento st.
UNTiSR <fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment oflice, 17 Webb st, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Whelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLKY&CO., 640 Clay.
C. U. COOK'S SOU. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. tel. Grant 48.
W. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY -
• ment office, 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
J oflice; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41 i O'Farrell; tel. I-.. 426.
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry: wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second worK: reierencea.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office.
QITUATION WANTED BY JAPANESE
O man and wife; first-class cook; wife to war. on
table and do general housework; first-class refer-
ence. S. X.. box 30, Call Office.
"yOUNG MAN EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
X keeping, shorthand and typewriting and good
penman desires a position. Address J. L., box
151. CallCffice.
p ERMAN GARDENER WISHES POSITION;
VJ private commercial place preferred: refer-
ences. Address Gardener J., box 137, Call Office.
"UiLECTKIC'IAN— POSITION BY FIRST-CLASS
XJ electrician; can furnish references. D. J., box
136, Ca!l Office.
■yoTUNG JAPANESE, NEAT AND FAITH-
X ful, desires situation to do general housework.
S. MOBY, 709 Geary si.
BARBER; YOUNG MAN. WILLING TO
learn the trade. D. J., box 136, Call Oflice.
■yOUNG MAN WISHES A POSITION IN
X store or office; willing to begin low. C. A. M.,
box 12. Call Office.
POSITION WANTED ON RANCH BY YOUNG
married man; thoroughly understands stock;
best references as to character and ability. Ad-
dress H. D., box 146, CalL
P ELIA BLE MAN WISHES TO DO ANY
Xt kind of work in city or country; sober and
steady, with good reference. Address S. F., box
88, this office.
p ARDENER. PRACTICAL, OR MAN ABOUT
VT place, wishes situation; excellent references.
Address Gardener, 417 Kearny st
TV" ANTED— POSITION AS SALESMAN OR
'' bookkeeper by man experienced in merchan-
dising: best of references. Address J. P. S., 38^4
Moss st.
AN AND WIFE DESIRE SITUATION:
man is a good coachman, wife can dochamber-
work and sewing or plain cooking; best refer-
ences. Address C. L., box 125, Call Office.
VY r AN TED— A SITUATION AROUND PRI-
»' vate house to look after horses, garden, etc.,
can milK ; references. ANDRE'S Employment
Office. 315 Stockton st.
IKST- CLASS help FURNISHED on
short notice. Columbia, 128 Fourth st
RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
VJ charge: orchard, vines, stock and general
farming: 15 years' Californlan experience: Al
references. Address Orchard, 3 15* 1,4 Fulton st
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the experting of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office. ■- . .
TEADY, SOBER MAN WANTS EMPLOY-
._ ment in private place for care of horses and
garden; references given. Address J. W , box 40,
Call Office. _ •
WINDOW- WASHING AND KOOM-HWEEP-
Ing; all kinds of housecleaning; day or con-
tract. Address JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210
Larkin st
VOUNO SCOTCHMAN. LATELY ARRIVED,
X wants employment; willing to do anything.
Address Scotch, box 89, Call Office.
TEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
or any kind; city or country: good driver;
small wages. R. __, box 102, Call Office.
ANTED BY AN EXPERIENCED SALKS-
»» man position with a first-class bouse in any
line: best of references furnished. S. LIPMAN,
1319 Webster St.
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife, without children, to take care of ranch or
work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook;
both first-class references. Address J. S. RATH-
; GEBER, Napa, Cal. -v^
PAINTERS WANT WORK BY IHE DAY
or contract: have their own tools and falls;
first-class work done on the most reasonable terms;
satisfaction guaranteed. Address Painters, box
72, Call Office. _^
ANE WANTS SITUATION IN PRIVATE
family to take care of horses and garden; also
handy with carpenters' tools; references given.
Address W. R., box 9, this office.
ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN WITH EX-
' » perience, position as waiter on a steamer. Ad-
dress W. <). , box 98, Call Office.
•\TERY GOOD F ENCH WINE-CELLAR
V man for all kinds of work warns situation;
best reference given. Address W. C, box 104,
Call Office. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
"' Market — Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
OUNG GERMAN WISHES A SITUATION
J. as coachman, milker or gardener: good refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 63, this office.
VyiNCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus ami baegaeeioand from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
WANTED— 2 WAITRESSES RESORT AND
»» hotel, $20: cook small country hotel, $25; 4
German, French, Protestant and Irish second
girls, $20 and $25: laundress and second girls, $25;
3 cooks, German style, $25; German nurse, $-0,
and a great many girls to till situations in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT <ft CO. 312 Sutler st.
p ERMAN COOK, $30; SECOND GIRL, $25;
VT nurse, $20: 15 housework girls, c:ty and coun-
try. $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. *
CHAMBERMAID. $15; GOOD PLACE. MISS
\J CULLEN, 323 Sutler st
AITRESS: HOTEL: SHORT DISTANCE;
$20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st
VTKAT YOUNU GIRL; LIGHT HOUSEWORK :
XI $12: easy place. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutler!
/■CHAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS COUN-
\J try hotel, $20: fine ironer, $30. R. T. Ward
A CO., 610 Clay st ■ AXV^
EAT WAITRESS. STEADY, COUNTRY
Xi hotel, Napa County, $20, see party here 9 a. v.
Monday: waitress mining town, $20, fare paid-
cooks, housework and second girls. MURRAY A.
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
HELP WANTED- Continued. _
TIT ANTED— COOK AND GENERAL HOUSE-
VV work girl for small family in count y, $30;
2 chambermaids, assist with waiting in first-class
hotel in city, $18 each: nurse for 1 child, In coun-
try, $12; Catholic woman, as working house-
keeper, in country, $12; waitress for hotel in
country, $25, steady place: waitress for institu-
tion in city, $25; 10 plrls for general housework in
country, $20 and $26: 25 housework girls, for
city places, $25 and $20. Apply MISS PLUN-
KETT, 424 Butter st.
W ANTED— A SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
*» cooking and housework In small family in
city: $20. MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.
WAITRESSES FOR SAME SPRINGS,
first-class, In the mountains, $20: waitresses
for seaside resort, $20. C. A. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary at
CIOOK AND LAUNDRESS, SMALL FAMILY.
V 1 $25; 6 girls for housework: 10 girls to assist
$10 to $25. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
FTRST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS, $25; HOUSE
girl, $25; plain cook, $25: second girl, $20:
nurse, $20: Swedish girl for housework, $20; cook,
$30. 316 Sutler.
IATRAdS FOR SPRINGS, $20, FARE PAID.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st
GIRL OVER 12 TO ATTEND SCHOOL AND
help with children; good home. Address G.,
box 2, Call Olßce. .
I>ESPKCTABLE YOUNG girl to TAKE
it care of children: references necessary; wages
$5. 1516 California st -
\\r ANTED— GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN
'• light housework: take care of a child; wages
$8 to $10: sleep home. Call 126 Guerrero st.
p ERMAN LADY (MARRIED): DECENT;
VT for lodeJng-house work: $10 per month and
room. 829 Stevenson at, off Tenth.
T7<NERGETIC YOUNG WOMAN TO SOLICIT
XI for printing-bouse; salary. Address W., box
137, Call Oflice. ,
GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-
work; wages $8. 502 Van Ness, downstairs.
A PPRENTICE AT DRESSMAKING. 1413
-A. California st, downstairs.
EAT YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X> work: smalltamily. 1612 O'Farrell.
p IRL FOR HOUSEWORK; WAGES $10. AP-
VJ" ply early, 214 Twelfth at.
IRL WANTED FOR SECOND WORK AND
sewing; references required. 1725 Pine st.
A PPRENTICE AT DRESSMAKING. 4a AN-
xV tonia st, off Jones, near Ellis. ■_
\ll IDDLE-AGED WOMAN, LIGHT WORK,
lit small pay. 462 Natoma st
T ADIES TO SELL TOILET PKEPARA-
X_ tions: hairdressing, manicuring, beauty cul-
ture taught free; exclusive rights. MRS. M. J.
BUTLER, 131 Post st . .
~I> ANDERS AND MAKERS. CARSON GLOVE
-D CO., 3:8 Market St.
WANTED— A FIRST-CLASS FEMALE COoK
''for family camping party, six weeks in the
country; reference. 1817 Scott st.
IRL WANT TO' DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1230 Treat aye., bet. Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth sis.
VV ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
if school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical: reasonable. 410 Leaven worm st.
T\KESSCUTTING AND FITTING TAUGHT
XJ thoroughly in three hours or less at MRS. R.
L. JONES' dressmaking school, 505 Fell st
ANTED-GIRLS TO WORK IN PICKLE
" factory. Lewis Packing Company, 625 Front
OOD FINISHERS ON CUSTOM PANTS:
* J also apprentice. 923 Folsom st.
CURST-CLASS OPERATORS ON SINGER OR
J Wheeler & Wilson machines. Sutter st.
AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSON'S.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St. and 105 Ninth.
APPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERY
A Tues. in dresscuttlng. 14 McAllister, room 67.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD <fc CO., OLD RE-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th st, Oakland.
Tl AIKDRESSING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
XX and eve classes: 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
OAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
JX Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
26c up. MCDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st
MALE HELP WANTED.
VtTtXnTED—^"URLE raH^"mLiT'MiNEßrs3
" day: chuckman, $2 50 day; 3 farmers and
wives, $25 to $45: man to picicle olives, $20 to
$30 and found; 10 men handy with ax for bark-
peeling, $26 and found; washer for laundry, ironer
St. Clair machine, $35 and found; milkers and
farmers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
\\r ANTED— COLORED COOK, RESORT, $35
'• and increase, fare paid: cook, country hotel,
$35; second cook, country; waiters and oti, its.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
1 ~ CHOPPERS TO WORK IN TAN OAK,
I *.) Humboldt 1 ounty, steady work guaranteed,
$26 and board, fare $5; cook, country hotel, $40:
butcher, north, $50 and f und: waiter, institution,
city, $15: 3 milkers, same ranch, $20; milker and
form work near city, $25: 6 farm hands. $20 and
$26; chore boy, country, $12: dishwasher, coun-
try, $16 and room. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and
610 Clay st • .
ARDENER, WITH references, TO DO
VI ornamental and landscape gardening; $55. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary St.
Ay ANTED — HEAD WAITER FOR FIRST-
»» class hotel: south: steady year round. C. R.
HANBKN & CO., 110 Geary st •
HAMPOOER FOX BATHS AT THE
0 Springs. $25 and found: man to do painting,
paperhanging, etc.. for a first-class hotel, $40 and
board; paperhanger, country, $3 50 a day. C. R.
HANSEN it CO., 110 Geary st.
ECOND COOK, HOTEL NORTH, $60: WAlT-
er for Springs/who can play piano or violin,
$30; 2 waiters for Springs, $25: 6 waiters, country
hotels. $25; porter, who can play piano, for a re-
sort, $30; bedmaker, country hotel, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st
EXTRA SHAMPOOER FOR TO-DAY; CALL
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
1 p. WOODCHOPPERS, TO PEEL OAK AND
j.'J tan bark, $1 a day and found: 6 woedchop-
pers, oak stovewood, near city, $2 25 a cord ; tools
furnished. C. R. HANSEN .ft CO., 110 Deary St.
On LABORERS, FOR RAILROAD WORK;
_-v $1 75 a day; free fare. C. R. HANSEN <fc
CO., 110 Geary st .
QUARTZ MINERS, $2 75 A DAY; 3 SCAN-
dinavian or German miners, $2 75 a day; 20
farmers, different ranches, $20. $25 and $26; 10
milkers, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st -
On CHOPPERS FOR TAN BARK; «'_'6 AND
*" found: Humboldt County; 6 months' steady
lob. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
LABORERS TO MAKE ROADS IN WOODS;
$26: steady job. MURRAY & READY', Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"1 n FARMERS . FOR ORCHARDS, VI NE-
X " yards and ranches. $20 and $26; 2 choremen.
MURRAY ,<& READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 63< and 636 Clay st.
T) UTTER-MAKER; 8 MILKERS. MURRAY
XJ A READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
3 BLACKSMITHS, COUNTRY SHOPS AND
sawmills; wheelwright, country shop; call
early. MURRAY & READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
On 2-HORSE TEAMSTERS, $1 60, FOR RAIL-
_*\J road work, country: 20 laborers, city work,
$176 day. MURRAY & HEADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
On TIEMAKERS, Be AND 10c EACH. MIR-
—V RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 638 Clay st
COOKS, $30 TO $65; 4 WAITERS. $25, $30;
3 dishwashers: second cook, $8 a weak, city.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"117- ASHER, HAND WORK, $30 AND FOUND,
»' see boss here. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
"Mr ANTED— BLACKSMITH FOR COUNTRY
. •»' shop, $40 and board; married blacksmith, So-
noma County, $55 and house free; 10 men to peel
tanbark, drive team, etc., $26 ana board; also
milkers, farmhands, men for haying, laborers,
teamsters, cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
I C CHOPPERS, TO WORK IN TAN OAK,
I O Humholdt County, steady work guaranteed,
$26 and board: fare $5. R. T. WARD & CO., 608
and 610 Clay st •
ANTED-SION PAINTER, SHOEMAKER
and plumber; call early. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
AN IN^WINEHOUSE: ABLE TO SPEAK
German; act as barkeeper; understand mix-
ing drinks and good Inside salesman: only one
well recommended from last employer need apply;
steady place for a gentleman. K. X.. box 138, Call.
\y ANTED— AN OLD MAN TO TAKE CAKE
''of place near San Rafael; small wages; good
home. 1611V_ Devlsadero st.
0"V E MORE"SOLICITOR" ANT D : SALARY
or commission: steady position to right party.
BOMB-AY TEA CO., 241 Sanchez st.
ANTED— IOOO MEN AT DUBLIN LOTUS
barber-shop; newly opened; shaving sc; hair-
cutting 10c; best in city. 207 Fourth st .
\kf ANTED— PARTNER; PAYING BUSINESS;
'» cheap rent; clearing $50 monthly to each;
small capital: good investment. 235 Third st.
i.OY WANTED TO LEARN DRUG BUST
l> nesss. SW. cor. Devigadero and Bush. -y-:;:.'^
OBER COOK WANTED AT 49 SECOND
O street Ci.ll early.
OY WANTED, 14 TO 16 YEARS OLD, FOR
dry-goods store. :■ 1221 Stockton at
OOK WANTED IN LUNCH-HOUSE AND
saloon. -2 and 4 Leidesaorff st .
Y\T ANTED- MAN OB BOY TO LEARN
»> barber trade. Inquire 107^ Fifth st
OY, ABOUT 17, FOR : AN INSTITUTION
(.Catholic). 609 Kearny st, room 8. : :'
1 . OY, AGE 17, EXPERIENCED IN GROCERY
business. 1019 Pacific st . :.
\\7 ASHER WANTED— AT GOLDEN GATE
Laundry, 2120 I ombaid st.
VOUNO MAN TO TRAVEL: MUST HAVE
X $200 cash. T., box 169, this office.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BARBER WANTED; STEADY YOUNG MAN
preferred. 5-S V. Fourth st
\\r ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
■ '" store and make himself useful in cash busin-
ess; salary $75 per month: must have $150 cash.
See STRAND & BAILEY, 917 Market st
ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE : UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD IROELL, 657 Clay.
U ARBERa' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
-»■* menu Secy, P. C. Hamann. _g9V_ O'Farrell. .
ARBEBS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S.FUCH3.
ARBEK-SHOP, CLEAN, CHEAP; CAUSE,
*-* age and sickness. 1119 a Folso-n street.
BARBER-SHOP TO LET; $5 A MONTH.
Broadway and Front st. ■'
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. '8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements:- giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting oflice. 20 Ellis st, San Francisco,
Cat .
\,V ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
>' some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may Wing you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN <fc <""0., Dept. L, Patent. Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
ANTED— A COMPETENT MAN TO TAKE
»' charge of book, stationery and toy depart-
ment. Address, giving experience, references, age
and salary, O. A. HALE <fc CO., San Jose.
mOBACCO-STBIPPER WANTED. 3249 SIX-
X teenth st .. : .
m AILORS TO TAKE SEATROOM; CON-
X venient place. 803 Montgomery st, room 6,
third floor. .
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE OR RENT; THIS
-D is an extra good chance for German single
men. Apply bTOLTZ. 630 Market st
ANTED — INTELLIGENT GENTLEMEN
*« and ladies. in every town to work at home;
neat, steady employment: we pay salary: enclose
stamp. Standard Manufacturing Company, 142
West Twenty-third st., New York.
17URST-CLASS SIDE LINE FOR TRAVELING
' men; also city drummers. 23 Davis, room 29.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES. 40c;
done while you wait 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 arket.opp. Will & Finck's, S.F.
\\r ANTED— BAD ACCOUNTS COLLECTED
" at once; will buy them. Columbia, 128 4th st.
'VO MEi.C.iANT TAILORS— BEST VESTS
1 made at reasonable prices. 935 Market, r. 14.
\\r b. ARE™sHbjK DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
' ' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait
662 Mission st, between First and Second sts.
\ , EN TO FEED ATT AN STOCK FOOD;
1 ' I nil grocers keep it
•jV'EW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c ; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room : strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean: quiet; open all ninht
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house: new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSiS, 863 MARKET ST.—
I'.ooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $5 week.
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
v Pacific St., beiow Kearny; lodging half price, 6c,
10c, 16c per night: clean beds, sunny rooms.
\\T ANTED— .LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' ' to know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150
large rooms: 26c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WINCH ESTER HOUSE, 4i THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
half-soleing 25c up. 959 Howard st, nr. Sixth.
STHMA CUKE GUARANTEED; . DR. GOR-
din's chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
AY' ANTED — MEM TO Lh.ARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent S. F. Barber school, 1515 Howard.
/11.ERKS" AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
EST IN CITY— SING ' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week;
Pacific house. Commercial and Lpidesaorn* sts.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _JOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
OOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO »1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drummsi.
HAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
'» at; 200 rooms; best In the city, single rooms
20 and 25c a night, 91 a week: meals 10c.
' ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerKs. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sinter
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night
1 /HI MEN TO TAKE LOD<;JN(i AT 10c, 15c
1 • '" and 20c a night including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St.. near Kearny.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room : daily papers.' 36 Clay st '
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
I'l nearly new, 25c 10 $1 25. 662 Mission.
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 60;
1 also a bottl «of lager, 6c, at 637 Clay st
fIIKY ACME HOUSE, St>7 .MARKET ST., BE-
I V'-v Si\-h. 'or a mom- •'••- - ni->»- $1 •> woolf.
AGENTS WANTED.
GEN? WANTED" FOR GOLDj£N~GATE
Dye Works, 342 McAllister st
\ GENTS-- -WAR IN CUBA" IS THE BOOK
.Tv to canvass for: 1 agent reports 11 orders first
day; outfits only 50c. P. PERSON, Manager Sub-
scription Department, The Whltaker & Kay Co..
723 Market St.
~ furniture wanted.
od-TiXnd furniture COUNTRY*";
—■ good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
MALONK PAYS .0 PER CENT MOBS
than elsewhere for furniture to till- country
orders. Leave orders at KINO'S, 3 Fourth st
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
-D send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise; highest price.
MAYER buys your furniture,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: t»l. Jessie 731.
, WANTED-MISCELI.ANEOUS.
t?EinrTm^B^6lcS?cToT^lll?c7AN^7Kw'
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st: send postal.
LOST. . -
LOST— dwarFpXrrot , corTm arket ST.
and Van Ness aye.. 1 o'clock Sunday, Return
to 11 Van Ness aye,; reward.
T OST— RED IRISH SETTER; 4 MONTHS
JJ old: reward. Return to 858 Howard st.
TOST— PARROT; VICINITY OF FOLSOM,
X. Harrison, Second and Third. Return to 183
Hawthorne at and receive reward.
~[ OST--DARK BROWN SPANIEL DOG. RE.
XJ turn to saloon, cor. Eighteenth and Shotwell
sts. ; liberal reward. ..■;.;.-■
I OST— FRIDAY, BRIDGE MED\L: IN-
- senp-.ion Wm. J. Boradori. Reward at 32
California at.
VOX-TERRIER BITCH, WHITE, TAN EARS,
X double spot right aide. 1326 Page St.: reward.
OST— GOLD WATCH AND FOB, WITH ma-
sonic emblem: reward of $25 If returned to
811 Brannan st; no questions asked. FRANK T.
MILLER.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
■i Savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of BRIDGET E. SULLIVAN, No.
201513. The finder will please return to bank.
~~ DENTISTS. ~ ~
TTUBST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST^CLASB
JT prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, C.M., M.D., 500 Sutter St., corner Powell.
I iR. DUCKET I', 1703 PO-T ST.. NEAR BU-
Xt cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge wort.
TAR. L. T. 1 KANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS.
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st, cor. Grant ay».
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
(JJ>7 A SET FOR teeth: WARRANTED as
»IP I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
UK. LI'DLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whea
plates are made; old plates mode over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
1/<ULI« c..ci Of \U',Kiti. $7; WARRANTED
X I five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth St. j
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
0 G. VOUN(i, 1841 Polk si. _* • .:■-:-•■
I JR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THiS GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to .0 O'Farrell st
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari'
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.S., 8153/4 Geary.
1 OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
\J ket st - DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, ISM MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gata aye.— Open evenings: Sundars till noon.
L_ WORK REASONABLE AND WAB-
ranted. DR. j \v. K.Y. 112. Market at
~: ~ STORAGE.
TH. ROONEY, 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT.
• redeced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
S~ TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
Furniture! ■ pianos, trunks; AD-
X vances, shipping. CUAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4 Post
LOWEST FURNITURE, ■ PIANOS.
household goods, etc. J. M. Pierce, 735 Market
A -'■ B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
-CX. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern . plan.
PERSONALS.
W^^OU^G~BUSINESS^jENi LATELY
from the East, wish to meet twoyoqng ladies
between the age of 20 and 26; object amusement
and perhaps matrimony. F., box 165, this office.
"PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
IGAB AND STATIONERY STORE; GOOD
business; living rooms; established for years.
29z inth st. ■ , _■
VOID EVILS. SEE DR. HARDCASTLE
on sex science, etc.. 628 Montgomery, room 1
UEMOVAL— ADDIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER
XV and psychic physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20; no fee except as a gift
ADIES, IF. YOU HAVEN'T YET TRIED
having your hair dressed by G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st, dolt; yon will be pleased with
both his price (25c) and work; don't forget the
number; he has imitators.
AIRDRESSING, 25c: MANICURE. _sc:
XX face treatment. BUTLER'S, 131 Post st'.r. 20 j
GI. DRESI (LATE OF PARIS AND LON- j
*J. don); designer, ladies' tailor - and furrier.
1714 Post st
PHYSICIAN WILL GIVE SERVICES AND
X medicine In exchange for anything salable or
useful country products accepted. . M. D., box 60,
Call Office.
BOXING TAUGHT IN 15 LESBON& 808
XJ Leavenworth st.
AJJVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
XV cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, de«?dß. etc., at-
tended ta ti. W. HOWE, attv-at-law. 850 Market st
CLOAKS CAPES AND SUITS TAILED AT
/ mannfra' cost. Factory, 20 sansome, upstairs.
THE ECONOMY MILLINERY, «0 SIXTH ST.;
X selling out at cost; store and fixtures for sale.
P ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
x and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
'» low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. earny.
EO. W. PHELP.S, ATTORN EY-AT-LAW, 215
J Sansome at., room 4.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
ralorlng Company.l 117 Market st.bet 7th and Bth.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW
elry. etc. :_ lowest rates. 948 Market st.
fTIRUXKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL.
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
"1 i inn CARDS, $160: SHOW CARDS, 15c;
X' '\J\J teL Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary st., r. 39.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress- goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
hTROZYNsKI, READING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
CIITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
> Geary, removed from Larktn st. to 119 Stock-
ton ; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUP.
"010 OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a, cor. Jessie.
-CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
tvee free-
miESSMAKEKS.
"tCrESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma st. above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ALL HAIL! PROFESSOR F. EUGENE."
BE WISE. BE WISE. BE WISE.
Knowledge Is power. Kemain not In darkness,
bu . seek the light of wisdom and learn what the
fn ure holds for you. All are pleased with his
readings. His powers excite the wonder and nd-
miration of all. . He gives advice on all matters of
interest to humanity. If you are in trouble or are
unsuccessful consult him at once. Read his sun-
day's advertisement. Hours 10 a. M. to BP. M.
Letters with stamp answered.
i PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
» ' . 1728 Market st.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth.
A SSISTANCE AND ADVICE
- V that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted in love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations: restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re- j
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brlnzs the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy |
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals !
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium i
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 2-0 Eddy st. |
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9 [
daily and Sundays.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH- |
ter, is a born medium; guarantees you a true j
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes I
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon ;
the public, for 50c and ifl; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Booms Sand 4, 917 Market st
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented j
success to New York City; greatest card reader on I
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st Hours
9 to 8; elevator,
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c. gents $1; palmistry and !
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones. I
V PSY LIFE-READER! LADIES 25c;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
LAI NT— LADIES ONLY ; FEE 26c. j
\J 41 Minna St.. basement. j
ME. LEGEITE; PRESENT. PAST AND j
future; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth. 1
VI ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEAI-S ]
I*l past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard at \
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1, shows you the pictureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH; !
wonderful power; advice on all affairs; busi- i
ness confidential: letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday, j
ETHEL GRAY, clairvoyant and PALM-
-Ist: mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market at
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO j
the grave: fee .5 cents. 914 O'Farrell at
OETURNEIJ, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
SPIRITUAL ISM. ,'■
DDIE SWAN'S TEST^CIRCLE TO-NIGHT:
free contribution; sittings dally. 14 McAllis-
ter st. . . ■
\» RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BtTSI-
iVI ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136 Oak st.
ME DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, now 92? Post; fee $1; letter $2.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium : sitting-' $1. 218 Stockton st
ASTROLOGY". '
TITEi^AXA^T^^C)GY^^R^F^SSf)R"froW^
ill ard's vital remedies remove all chronic
troubles and restores to perfect health. 311 Hyde
at., 10 to 3. . -
R. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets: dally or by mail, $2. 36 3 Geary st.
IiOKSES.
U^GrlioTr^A^E^sF"llo~HEA3~O^~W^Ll^
■2\. bred work and driving horses, to-day at- 11
A. M. 324 Ninth st.
SADDLE-HORSE (SINGLE-FOOTER) FOR
sale, cheap. Inquire nursery, Twenty-fourth
and Hampshire sts. . .
IjMRST-CLASB HORSE AND EXPRESS
' wagon, also hand-truck; cheap. 859 Mission.
OOD STRONG RELIABLE DELIVERY
horse, $25; a bargain. ; Apply 159 Second at
\\T ANTED— A TEAM OF HORSES; MUST BE
' ' ..•cheap. 1555 Kearny st .....
ORSES AND BUGGIES FOR SALE. 1523
Howard st -. - ■
OR SALE— 3O HEAD OF GOOD YOUNG
workhorses. 426 Valencia. JAMES D. FOR-
RESTER. •■■-■•.• --•-•-< -;
I .RAFT HORSES FOR SALE OR EX-
XJ change for light buggy horses. 38 California.
I,'OR SALE — SEVERAL KIND, GENTLE,
1 well-bred roadsters, single and double. Call a
331 Golden Gate a.ye.
"I r fk SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND BAR-
X«JU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission st
UCTION SALES OF HORSES," BUGGIES.
wagons, harness,' etc., at Derby stables, 645
Geary, cor. Leavenworth.evcry Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
~F.(\f\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
OUU Bess: all kinds; buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
_U buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. ' SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORDES PASTURED;, SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. Th- H vri> ■ Ranch. 630 Commercial st.
WAGONS AND CAKKIAGES.
OST COMPLETE CAMPING OUTFIT IN
town; double harness and wagon, boh nearly
new. 415 Washington st '
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING LOVES;
samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st
\TKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
Xi dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st -
™ TYPEWKITKES, — — — -
OST, $30; CALIGRAPH, $25; SEND FOB
X sample work. SCOTT & BAN NAN, 333 Monty
JBITSTNE9S JCHANCES. ______
To se"ll a business of an~y klnd quick
for cash see STRAND & BAILEY, 917 Market
©Orn SALOON AND LUNCHHOUSE: OLD
fjf-U:)\J, established: cheap rent; clears $75 per
month. STRAND & BAILEY , 917 Market st.
© 1 (T)r FRUIT STORE; 3 ROOMS: PAYS
tjP 1 -CD. well. STRAND & BAILEY, 917 Mar-
ket st. . . ■
_> KM RESTAURANT: CLEARS $125 PER
tJplUl'. month. STRAND A BAILEY, 917
Market st
CJQ 4 COFFEE SALOON; CLEARS $80
rJ)O_.O. per month. STRAND & BAILEY,
917 Market st ,■--.:■ :■
PORNER GROCERY AND BAR: OFFER
\J wanted. STRAND * BAILEY, 917 Market
flffc BRAiNCH BAKERY; 4 ROOMS:
<ff> L 40. bargain. STRAND 4 BAILEY, 917
Market st. . .
C!Q^rt DRY-GOODS STORE; OFFER
rJP»7OU. wanted. SI RAND & BAILEY, 917
Market St.
ffijQXnn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
«IP OO\J\J. exceptionally good location: large
well-selected slock; fine atore trade; big bar busi-
ness: large outside route; bargain. M. LESS CO.,
783y a Market st.
ffijjnft SALOON: THRIVING INTERIOR
«Jp"iUU. town: opposite large railroad depot;
cheap rent: living rooms: receipts $10; daily ex-
penses $1; good stock. M.'LESS CO., 783V2
Market st.
<S«Q/in CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; EX-
<IPt/Uv/. ceilent location; north of Market st:
living rooms; established 15 years; has always
made n oney; well fitted up; doing big bar trade;
other business cause of sale. M. LESS CO., 783 V.
Market st. ■
CM Ci FIRST-CLASS MILLINERY STORE;
«IPj:«J". north of Market; vicinity of Baldwin:
large and very fine patronage; Al stock; living-
rooms: offer merits attention. M. LESS & CO.,
783 V. Market st. '
<C9fift SALOON; TERMINUS 3 BIG CABLE
tiP-j\.f\J. lines; value In sight; fine trade; gen-
nine bargain; other business. M. LESS <& CO.,
783% Market st.
UJjTcp: PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON
rip X. lid north of Market, near Kearny; owner
there 6 years. M. LESS & CO., 783% Market st.
<n»nn butter, milk A D DELICACY
O\J. store: thriving location; living-rooms:
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market at.
(JljO^n PARTNER TO PURCHASE HALF
'IT — <-'v/. interest in well-paying saloon near
Kearny st.; run place night and day: German
preferred: don't miss it STENBERG CO., 632
Market st
<(>£•/ 1 A SALOON AND LIQUOR STORE:
tJpUUv/. south of and nr. Market: receipts $15 to
$l' 0: full value; stock and fixtures; family trade.
STEXBERG CO., 632 Market st •
cj_"| n /inn road house, across THE
*S)±\J.i>\J\J. bay, near railroad depot: hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds; finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round;
this offer never equaled; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the rrope-ty; satisfy yourself.
STKNBERG <t CO., 632 Market St. --;'■ .
<B»1 (\f\f\ RESTAURANT, OYSTER-HOUSE,
<IpIUUU handsome private rooms: three en-
trances: old-established trade; chance rarely of-
fered in lifetime, where, with $1600 invested, large
Income certain. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market.
"QjOOC RESTUARANT AND COFFEE SA-
«Jp._w.<_f«J. loon near City Hall: neat attractive
place doing Al business: large number regular
boarders; bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market
CS/lPin RESTAURANT, newly FITTED,
<Jp^tuV/. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel-
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market st
ffl>f'-n CORNER GROCERY. BAR: west-
<IPU«JU. em Addition; well established: rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good place for
man and wife. NBERQ CO., 632 Market st
QtiQPkfi PARTNER WANTED THIS DAY;
I®OO\J. take half-interest In well-established
business: tend to outside delivery and collection:
money secured. STENBEKG CO., 632 Market st.
Cj fif\(\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR.
<JpUVU. with llvin' rooms; large custom from
good-settled neighborhood; low r nt: full value in
sight WILKb & WO..F, 531 California at
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS I
promptly. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny at.
STJ9MOO hotel of 24 rooms, BAR,
<Jp^dUUU. dining-room, etc., summer resort, 1
hour's ride from San Francisco, clearing $150 per
month; rooms commanding a beautiful marine
view: must be seen to be appreciated; part of pur-
chase price can remain; satisfactory reasons given
for sell ing. Apply W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
<!]> •> f;n PARTNER IN CONTRACTING
tJp«J«JU. business, must be willing to work; to
such a party a fine opportunity Is offered, clearing
$80 each month. HEALY, 23 Kearny.
Gil 7fi FINE CORNER SALOON; FIRST-
«JpX lU. class fixtures: best location: right in
the manufacturing district: cheap rent: 4 living-
rooms; a bargain. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market. \
Q.- O FIXE GROCERY AND BAR; SITU-
<J)tJc)U. ated on fine corner in Western Addi-
tion: carries nice stock; good bar trade; 4 living-
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. .
<_QOn STORE, CARRYING KITCHEN I
<IpOUU. furnishings, agateware, etc also no- |
tions, stationery and confectionery; full value In
stock; location and trade good. KENNY & CO.,
765 Market st
<2» o ~;:7r "restaurant; . EXCELLENT LO I
<IDOiJ\./. cation: part • cash, balance monthly j
payments; trial given: good c ranee for man and
wife. KENNY & CO., 765 Market St.
<n«rn,n, SALOON, KEPT BY PRESENT
tlpoUU. owner 9 years, located on Third at, nr.
Market; owner wants to retire; full value $1500;
investigate at once. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cali-
fornia st.
"©OOP, LUNCH HOUSE AND SALOON;
O «•)—•'-'• central: doing s2o daily: rent moder-
ate; no night or Sunday work: value iv sight: good
reasons for selling. JOHNSTON, 26y_ Kearny.
Cj -inn ROAD HOUSE NEAR CITY; 14
iJTTv'U. rooms: di nlng-room; fine bar; using 8
barrels beer weekly; plenty of ground : pigs; ducks;
chickens: etc JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
©7Cn WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
ijp I O\J and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF. 921 Market.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A BUSINESS PLACE
of any kind, or lodging-house, see T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. J
POT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
chandise., T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<I£/>rvn BAKERY: FINE BRICK OVEN:
tJpUUU. using 2 barrels flour daily; rent cheap;
locality fines: ail store trade: fine living-rooms:
if you see this bargain you will purchase. T. LU-
BELSKI, 7 City Hall aye,
QI»Q/|A RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
<S)tJ\J\J. lor taking in $36 a day; fine locality:
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once: object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
AYE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY BUSl-
ness places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
<m 1 f\f\fi PARTNER IN FINE BUSINESS;
tIpxUUU. no Sunday. or evening work; the
place is already established and doing well : fullest
investigation; reference: experience not required.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<Si l -Zf\n RESTAURANT DOING LARGE
<£,iJ\J\J. business: (rood prices: north of Market
st. WILKE & WOLF. 631 California st
TJARBER-SHOP PARTLY FURNISHED; 3
XJ rooms; month's rent free. DECKER, 1020
Market st :
en ROOM HOTEL: RENT $70: BUSINESS
O\J location; price $50. DECKER, 1020 Market
WILL TRADE HALF INTEREST IN BEST
*> paying restaurant in city for lodging-house;
call early; a snap. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
fO'|) RESTAURANT: MUST SELL TO-
<pZ.«J". day; what will you give. DECKER,
1020 Market st. .
ffljOnn/l FIRST CLASS GROCERY: NO
<jp__v/U''. bar; located on one of th-» busiest
streets: horse and wagon: large cash trade; bar-
gain. HICKOK & CO., 873 V. Market a:.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OH EX
change real estate or personal property of any
kind call or send full particulars to W. H. Mac-
GILLIVRAY «fc CO.. 1028 Market st, a F. ; we
will gnu ran tee to sell in 30 days.
(Jjrre FRUIT AND PRODUCE STORE MUST
«IP 10. be sold to-day; great sacrifice; receipts
$14 daily. Call at once. Business Exchange, 777
Market st
fl_DXn FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE; FINE
«F»->«JU. bargain. HEG ARTY, 1004 Market st.
521 CA COHNi.R SALOON; WORTH $600;
wXO\J. fine stock and fixtures: ;iiving-rooms;
must sell to-day on account of death. Apply 531
California st
OR SALOON AT A SACRIFICE-
_D ■veil furnished; excellent location; good trade-
this is a bargain. 765 Market st . "
(2» I f\(\ COFFEE ANDCHOP HOUSE; SAME
<fl? 1 O\J. hands 7 years. J. COLK, 506 Howard.
IQUOR-STORK NEWLY OPENED WILL
sell at once. Call 309 Third st.
rmvO-STORY BUILDING AND SALOON FOR
X sale. 3352 Mission at., NW. cor. Thirtieth. . ~
' ANTED-A SMALL INVESTMENT IN A
»» legitimate manufacturing business proposi-
tion : strictest investigation solicited : clear over
I 'i 0 a . m ° nth for Investor. Address Inventor, box
67, Call Office.
MAKERS, ATTENTION! -RARE CHANCE I
1 _ > _°P eu and bnlld up a good business In large
neighborhood, with all utensils complete- rent
reasonable. Inquire at 1602, Webster, A lamed" '
$\(\ LUNCH-COUNTER BUSINE-S IN a"
<D >J\J. place where hundreds of men conerecate
everyday; free rent: sold ou account of other i
business, Apply 15 I.eldesd orff st . !
©1 000 HALF INTEREST IN OLD ESTA&
(JpxvfVU. lished, well stocked, good paving
general store out of town; double value in sight-
trial given; 1 partner retiring. Apply call Office.
M'gffaKflgt.**** ADDRE!js w - a -
DAMPING TENT, $6; PIANO, $25: PANEL-
Nlne°teen a h° ' new tent show omflt> cheap. 3928
A NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
--■»■ for cash; city or country. M., box 2. CalL
POOD BUSINESS BARGAIN: ESTABLISH-
,VJ ed: i he whole or half interest! 414 McAllister.
p. ROCERY AND BAR, TRANSFER CORNEBT
•\» Apply this ofllce; no agents. ; . .
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
T?OR SALE OR RENT— FIRST-CLASS BLACK-
X smith and machlne-snop in one of the best
towns in the State. Address D. A. FAULKNER,
354 T. efth St., Oakland. . ■ ■
OR SALE— WITHIN 3 DAYS, A FINE
-T saloon near car house: make an offer. Apply
at .30 Third St.- i
TTroceryandbar: FINECORNER; CASH
VJT business: rent taken out in trade; will sell
cheap. Apply 439 Grove st.
Oil 17^ BAKERY AND COFFEE HALOON,
«ipX I O. with oven and stocn; must sell; bar-
gain for right party: call at o ice; no agents. 306
Fourth st. '
ARE CHANCE-CORNER GROCERY AND
bar; 3 living-rooms and kitchen: yard; rent
$15: call at once; worth doable the money. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st '
r* KEAT OPPORTUNITY FOR A NEWS-
vT paper man to purchase half or whole of a
thriving dally near San Francisco: present owner
must go East; investigate this: fine circulation,
good advertising patronage and complete plant
Address A. W., 405 Sansome st. city.
IriOß SALE— FINE BRANCH BAKERY;
X flue trade; account of sickness. Apply Call.
/-< OOD CASH MEAT MARKET: GOOD HE A.
vjr son for selling. Apply Five-mile House,
FRED MIUNCKE, saloon.
_»oc;nn first-class saloon: LEASE;
— DUU. good trade; owner retiring: chance
of a lifetime. Address JONES, box 66. Call.
AN WISHES A FINE GROCERY AND
bar: state price. Address G. 8.. box 7, Call.
IGH-URADE GOLD LODE FOR SALE or
company. V., box 33. this office.
A LOON FOR SALE. 29 TURK ST., IN BAY
City Market.
AKERY AND RESTAURANT FOR SALE
BAKERY AND RESTAURANT FOR SALB
at 49 Second st. ■
ANTED— BY A LADY, PARTNER IN COF-
fee, Icecream and candy parlors; lady pre-
erred ; $, 0 cash. 16.7 Stockton st. •
E»TAUKANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value In
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 33!<1 Mission.
PARTNER WITH $100 CAPITAL WANTED
x. by lady of means. Boom 2, 12 Mason st.
I FIXTURES FOR SALE CHEAP; FIRST-
X class branch bakery. 156 Grove st.
FOR SALE — THE OLD - ST A LI V. D
drugstore, cor. Suiter and Powell sis., known
as Shaw's Pharmacy. Apply to GEO. A. BALL,
assignee. 530 California st, room 67. _____
T.-'OR SALE— WELL-KNOWN DYEING AND
X cleaning establishment; good reasons for sell-
ing. Por particulars apply at Call Branch Office,
619 Valencia st. |
Q ALOON FOR SALE— S4SO? WELL STOCKED;
0 good location: good reason for selling; no
agents. Address Z., box 148, this office..
rtT» tyi \(\ cigar-store with living-
tjP_.\/U. rooms; on account of sickness. 1127
Mission at.
SALOON FIXTURES; FINE OUTFITS:
great bargain. Apply to L. GOUDSMIT, 818
Geary st, picture-frame store, from 3 to 8 p. m.
a. 7 PARTNER WANTED by lady IN
<Jp 10. good proposition. 11 Taylor st. room 1
OOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63_' Market, room •_'.
$7- BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION
10. store. Inquire 1024 Leavenworth st.
SALOON; LONG LEASE; LOW rent, APPLY
at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific St.
OR SALE-FINK GROCERY AND BAR AT
a bargain. Apply California Brewery, Douglass
and Diamond sts. , ________
_.CAfm CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS FOR
fJ)t)UUU. sale: well established; complete
manufacturing plant: stock, etc.; principals only.
Apply F. L CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5, 3"_5
Montgomery st
/-I OOD- PAYING RESTAURANT; BET. TWO
VT carhonses; living-rooms; rent $17. 3279 Mis-
sion st. r ■
G" KOCERY AND BAR FOR SALE. 653
Minna at, bet. >ixth and Seventh. .
anciiA BUTCHER BUSINESS: FINEST
<!_*)-£ t)''v'. fitted market in ths city, no excep-
tion: good cash and outside trade; horses, wagons;
investigation invited. 530 Hayes st
IOK SALE— AND DELICACY STCRE
with fixtures, $75. 1430 Howard.
OR SALE— GOOD BUSINESS WITH STOCK
and fixtures, suitable for man and wife or -
ladies; rooms back of store. 610 Post it.
GROCERY-STORE; 3 ROOMS; FIXTURES;
some stock; to let. 2/01 Fifteenth st.
LOR SALE — HORSE, HARNESS, BUGGY,
X bicycle, 1 electric tan- for sale,' trade or se-
curity : a bargain. Columbia, 128 Fourth st
TT-LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE: NICE CLEAN.
X? and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st., basement.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
-j-JL WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
LO JDGING^HOUSES~BEE
X STRAND & BAILEY, 917 Market st
$_••] re LODGING OF 16 ROOMS, WITH
«JpX I O. housekeeping apartments; well located,
and with good business, HICKOK & CO., 873
Market st.
<m 1 {Cflfl 50-BOOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
tip 1 O\J\J. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market
TF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
X ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
4 M. SPECK <fe CO., 602 MARKET ST.
. 16 rooms: vicinity Nob Hill; fine buy. .ssso
36 rooms; completely lurnished; pickup; at. .$6OO
50 rooms: $125 month guaranteed; none better.
124 rooms; known all over California $4000
1 -KOOM HOUSE OX MISSION; BARGAIN;
I'l must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st
1 r-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
1 0 must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market at
AO ROOMS, BEST-PA HOUSE, CHEAP;
*iO easy terms. 115 Second st.
OQ WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $600;
t~\\J low rent. Inquire grocery. 40 sixth <<t.
FUBMTUKE FOB SALE.
A~^^ETTATr^AXE^6TnBE7TLIjU^^EsI
50 bed-lounges (worth $7 50) $4 00
Floor oilcloth 20
English Linoleum 35
Brussels Carpet 45
4-room outfit, solid oaK 75 00
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market st .
"nEFOriE SELLING "FURNITURE. CARPETS
1 > or merchandise see J. C. MUTHER. 601 Cali-
fornia St., cor. Kearny.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
MKE SALE : ; '. ■ ""
Prices aland till _ood» are completely dli-
posed of.
Oak bed «et«......... ...ail ">l
Bed lonnges B 'JB
Stoves _. 753
Carpet*, peryard _ f 65
Linoleum, per yard „ ,-,-,,, 55
Matting, peryard IB
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busineu
a» SE. corner beveuih and Mission sts. j.
NOON AN.
At\l\ «-AKPKTS; CHAMBER BETS, $117
~tV'\J stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: foldln*-bMs.
$10: h»-d- iiiih;m. $7. I. P. MCCARTHY 11. 4th.
CARPET CLEANING.
JONES CU CARPKT - CLEANING AND*
renovating works. Main olßce 35 and 27 B'h.
ARPET CLEANING, Sc; LAYING, Be. : RUG
\J samples free; telephone Jessie 944. STRAT-
TON. 19 Eighth st.
BEAT WEST • CARPET-BEATING
VJT works: latest ma hinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
\\rHKN YOU BECOME DI&GLTSTI.D WITH
" poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Oar-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama si.: teL So. 40.
UN'KLI.NS CARPET KEATING WORKS. 3.i
VJ Golden Gate aye.: teiephone east 126.
CIITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
/ tine, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
ARPKTB CLEAN AND RENOVATE 5"
\J like !iew. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- u>L
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN. ING CO. 21.
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 71,
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
O . ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228:
FOB SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
"VTEW SUN CASH REGISTERS FOR SALE;
XI price $25. Address C, box 4, Call.
DINGIER IMPROVED HIGH ARM; $12 50.
0 2437 Mission at. near Twenty-first.
C" A BIN ET-M AKER'S OUTFIT.BENCH, TOOLS
\J of every kind: a fine outfit; cheap; also com-
plete hunting outfit. 1400 Van Ness aye.
L I I X FRESH COW CHEAP. 912 FRAN-
X cisco st, near Larkin.
SMITH PREMIER NO. 1, IN GOOD CON DI-
tlon, with desk; $65. Address A., box 4, Call.
ST. BERNARD PUPS. ROUGH COAT, THOR-
oughbred; aired by largest St. Bernard in the
State. Sl2 Elizabeth st, west of Cas:ro.
RILL: BARNES' 20-IXCHJSWING
base, cheap: or trade.- 516 Mission st.
L, ICYCLE BARGAINS— '96 MODELS; STRICT^
X) ly high grade; tandems, a. ties' and gents'
wheels; don't fail to call and inspect before buy-
ing. F. R. GRAN & CO., 609 Market st
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V bought and sold. 1121 Market.bet. 7th & Bth.
1 I X-HORSEPOWER OAS uR GASOLINE
0 engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Buy st
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
I, OILERS, AND MACHINERY,
XJ waterptpea. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
.UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SAdHKs"
1 ' doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
/-VNE SMALL , MEDIUM AND. LARGE SIZB
V/ fire and bnrgiar proof safe. 109. 11l Market s;.
I^IRjE AND BURGLAR SAPK. LETTER-"
— press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 103 Clay.
MEW KAKGEB CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
XX hand. W. & RAY Mfg Co.. la California itHOrsES TO LKT.
REAR HOUSE, 4 s: nnv ROOMS, LARGE
yard, basement; $9. 321 Tenth st. 1 1 .
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina &t-
Modern Mori -9 ROOMS: BATH: FINE
marine view: rent 55. 19-0 Broadway, near
Octavia; key a! 1906.
11 SUTTER ST.. NEAR TAYLOR- VERY
J XX choice; elegant; spacious; reasonable.
APPRECIATED IF 6KEN— B29 bUTTER
-C— st., nr. Jones: choice fordoctor or dressmaker.
VOl'R HOUSES LKT OR PROPERTY SOLD.
1 see G. W. H. PATTERSON, 2 Valencia st.
<s{l >> r,A i PPEi; FLAT 5 ROOMS: LARGE
O-L -.uV. yard. 1017 Union St., bet. Leaven-
worth and Jones.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH; La'KGE
flower-garden; rent reasonaDle. 2002 Golden
Gate avenue, near Lyon.
TTOUSE OF 5 ROOMS; LARGE YARD AND
XX stable. 23 Pearl st., off Market.
KEN T REDUCED; ELEGANT sunny
x\ house: 8 rooms and basement. hl6 McAllister.
ELEGANT NEW SUNNY 6 ROOMS; OPEN
-*— plumbing; nice neighborhood. 512 Guerrero.
To LET— 3- ROOM HOU : B T $1 3. 1105
X Leavenworth; key in grocery, California ana
Leave 11 worth sts.
HOUSE— A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery su
A 1 HYDE — HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
ttXU bath. Inquire at 418.
Q9A MODERN HOUSK 7 ROOMS: BASE-
'„'»''. ment: lar c yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
(-UIEAPKST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THJB
VJ WEKKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
I nitcd States or Canada one year for $1 50, pest-
age free.
FUBXISHED HOUSES.
TO LfiT— LARGE FURNISHED HOUSI
16 rooms and bath, near Stanford University:
rent very reasonub.e. \'. ILL E. 11 -.11 _ CO.,
14 Post st. ■ ; .. .
BARGAIN — HOI' SE f iO LKT AND 603fi5
l-> furniture and chickens for sale. 317 Clemen-
tina s>.
COTTAGES TO LET.
To IjET— NEW MODERN COTTAGE^ OT B
rooms, bath and basement: 405 Laurel St., nr.
California. '-.% ILL K. FISHER it CO., 14 Post St.
C: I >OMS; HTABLK, I Hl'Ki.
\J house, yard; cheap. Fifteen: h and Bryant aye.
1 9? Q LOMBAKD, NEAR LARK.IN — COT-
J. -ii' tage 6 rooms, bat!i; modern improve-
ments; marine view; rent cheap.
OTI\AGE27I4 BRYANT; .'. ROOMS, BATH,
laundry; heautiiul garden: stable.
'<& 7 -A COT G E~OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD
0 I ■OV order: water free. Apply on premises,
915 Bryant s  near feign.-, or l-iJUon;gomery St.,
li. H. UMLSKN _ CO.
OTTAC.K OF B~7b .MS; BATH; GARDEN;
V^ yard. 3824 Mission at.
Q99 TO LKT— FURNISHED SUNNY' FIVE-
V— '— •• 103 m cottage, bath; al<b modern tt-room
flat; $ 17. 37 IS Army St., near Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
Tr"LEGANTL"y IT K.M-li XI > NKW KI.ATOF4
XJ rooms: bath, gas. etc. ; water free; all conveni-
ences; reasonable. -913 PolK st.. near Geary.
I'IM-:;.V FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
1 bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferr.es. Presidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
11. V. J.. box 30, Call uflire.
FLATS TO LET.
QOQ ELLIB, NT, POLK^ELEGANT SUNNY
O-.O middle fiat of 6 rooms and bath; $32 50.
<Si J n 113 ° VALENCIA— I 4 ROOMS: NEWLY
tus"lv/. papered and painted; 2 floors: every
room sunny. ASB.TON _ GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
I^RENCHFLAT, 1039 GUEP.RE-RO ST..NEAR
Twenty-third: four rooms, bath, laundry: also
3321 Twenty-first st., near Valencia: 3 nice
rooms, bath, basement. Apply BALDWIN _
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st. '
Q TO 7 BOOM BATH FLATS AND COT-
-0 tages. from $0 to $20. SPECK _ CO., 602
Market st.
\-K\V MODERN — INN V FLAT, 6 ROOMS
XI ana bath. nr. Market and Thirteenth, 20. G.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 2 Valencia :
T t\V FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND BATH: 16%
-i-i Chesleyst.; $12 per month: water free-
O SUNNY KOOMS; ARD AND CELLAR; 271
O Harriet st.
(2jl A 417 GREEN; FIVE ROOMS; NEWLY
<©X\J. cleanea; garden and yard.
"<&1 A 178 S! '-' KKAR MARKET; ELE-
-0 X"i, tant lower flat; 5 sunny rooms; bath.
TrjOrTGOLDEN GATE AYE. -BLACKSMITH
XKJOXJ shop; also flat of 7 rooms. Apply at 1036.
ROOMS AND BATH; NICE NEW SUNNY
flat. 4 Laussal st, nr. Fill more and Height.
QUNN V UPPER FLAT. 6 ROOMS AND BATH.
0 very nicely furnished: rent reasonable. 72 2
Central aye. , near Mr A l l st.
_ (\ 1 1 OAK. COR. LAGUNA— LOWER FLAT;
jtUxa 4 clean rooms; $12.
LAT OF 5 KOOMS, BATH; COR. FELL AND
Laguna sis.: sunny side; rent cheap.
A ROOM 2087> ••" MISSION ST.; KEY IN
jt grocery cor. Seventeenth St.: rent $13.
l>il A SACRAMENTO— NICK FLAT 4 ROOMS
X Ol _and bath. ■_
©on ne. COR. PINE and stein ER—
«J)Ov. upper flit, 8 rooms and batb.
A rOQ EIGHTEENTH ST.— 4 AND 5 ROOMS
li)OO and bath; $12 and $13; electric lints.
9A7 WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
— V I modern conveniences.
TTPPKK AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
U rooms: very convenient; rent $7, $8. Inquire
SHI Bryant st. '
si* 1 Q NEW 5-ROOM FLAT; BATH; MOD-
OiO. em: worth looking at. 3228 Union su
\- EW FLAT— B SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH:
— \ rent 818. 2658 Market st., near Castro.
UNNY FIATS; 8 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden: Sl3 and $16. 1706 Post st.
Q9Q HAM A ST.— MODERN* FLAT OF 6
•I)_»_/ rooms: water free rent reduced.
9. )(* TENTH — SUNNY UPPKR FLAT 5
__U rooms: bath; modern improvements.
LATSOF FOUR ROOMS AND BATH; $12
and 13; 2408 Sacramento St., y 3 block from
Cooper's College.
1 1 Cil FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT: 5
IX 02 rooms and bath : near City Hall.
1 QA7 STEINER. NEAR WUTTER— LOWER
IOUI flat: 6 modern large gunny rooms; bath.
LAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
-T rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery "
OWrR FLAT— TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bain; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
>1 H7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
*iU 1 «7 Castro cars: lovely Hunuynpper flat of 5
rooms; modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free. .
|~ A PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United ;States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Bryant Avenue.
971 Q BRYANT A YE.— 4 ELEGANTLY FUR-
Zi I IO nished gunny rooms: $12.
California Street.
9^-QI CALIFORNIA— 3 ELUGAKTLY FUR-
_t)Ol nished rooms, bath, for housekeeping.
Clay Street.
-I nQ~ CLAY— SIO; 2 FRONT BOOMS AND
J DOO storeroom; complete for housekeeping;
bath. . •
Eddy Street.
OAK EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
_»UO private family; reasonable.
Jbllis Mreet.
DOC ELLIS-rNEATLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
-OLO keeping; also single rooms; reference.
ton ELLIS— HOUSEKEEPING; FOUR SUN-
•J«J_ ny unfurnished rooms and bath.
£QQ ELL 1 8, COR. LARKIN - FURNISHED
DOt7 bay-window alcove; gas-stove; bath.
71 ELLIS— 2 OK 4 SUNNY FURNISHED
I 1O housekeeping rooms; every convenience.
Jr'litU Street.
Q9f; FIFTH — FURNISHED HOI'SEKEEP-
O£o ing 2, $10; 3, $13; also single, $5.
Ql A FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT BEDROOM
li and kitchen; sink; water; bath; private;
$10. '
099 FIFTH ST.— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
O__; for housekeeping; rent $9.
Grant Avenue.
C OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUBE-
-0 keeping; Keamy st., near Butter; gas or water
free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
•Qvbi'y Hickory Avenue
1 OR HICKORY AVK., COR. FRANKLIN- 8
1 \J\J sunny furnished rms for housekeeping; $13.
Howard street. • .
r 9* HOWAKP — 2 ROOMS COMPLETELY
O£O furnished for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
1 1 9QA HOWARD — TWO NEATLY FUR-
xl_Onlßhed rooms for housekeeping; good
stove: lounge; large closets; bath; $10 per month;
no children; American family; none but quiet,
sober people need /apply. ; .M ■
"1 ftfll • HOWARD — 2 ROOMS, COMPLETE
J-UU 1 ' for housekeeping, gas. private family;
rent cheap. ■. ,
Ia A A HOWARD-3 . SUNNY FURNISHED
XUXX housekeeping rooms; private family.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Hyde Street.
1 r HYDE-TWO SUNNY UNFURNISHED
xO housekeeping rooms and bath; $13.
91 A HYDE-SUNNY FURNISHED house-
_ . LV keeping rooms. ; -
Jessie *treet.
09 1 JESSIE— ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
0.-J'x housekeeping: $10. '
McAllister Street. :
r.OQ McAllister — 3 large unfur-
-000 nished housekeeping- rooms: also large
basement rooms.
_iunn street.
371 MINNA— I LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
Oil stove, closets: basement room same.
AO7 MINNA —~2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
~LO 1 for housekeeping, newly carpeted; very
convenient; reduced to $12.
3*186 o" * >reet.
QC\Q MISSION— TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
COO rooms, complete for housekeeping.
19 1 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
J — I V keeping rooms: gas; bath; no children.
Ninth Street.
(in NINTH, NR. MARKET-FRONT SUITES:
-£ v housekeeping: 2to 4 rms. : gas; stove ; single,
Octavia Street.
IJfiQ OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— FRESHLY
J. _l'O furnished: bay windows and others; $7 up.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
0 or 3 sunny corner rooms, neatly furnished for
housekeeping; water and sink. '
9 SUNNY ROOMS AT 25 PKARL ST.. OFF
Ii Market.. 1
Polk street.
m POLK— NICE SUNNY SUITE OF ROOMS;
ill light housekeeping: rent reasonable.
Ai ._> POLK - ELEGANTLY KNkSu KD
OXO sunny alcove and kitchen; complete for
housek eplug: gas, bath, etc.; new carpets and
lurniture; very reasonable.
rowel I Street.
QIA POWELL — 8 SUNNY' FURNISHED
01 V rooms; complete ior housekeeping; $17.
>econ<l Street.
"9 SECOND— 2 PLAIN ROOMS FOR LIGHT
«J«- housekeeping; $1 50 up; other rooms, cheap.
Seventh Street.
1 '3ft SEVENTH ST.— SUNNY FURNISHED
100 housekeeping rooms, single and in suite; $7
UP-
2 AND 3 HOUSEKEEPING - ROOMS. 187
Seventh st.
sixth Street.
"I 9"! SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
.1 — 1 cozy housekeeping rooms and others.
South Park.
1 C\ S PUTH PARK— FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
-1 I) nished housekeeping suites; fine location; $7
to $12 per month: aisy single. $1 per week up.
Stockton Street.
900 STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY ST., NR.
£>\J\t the Emporium— 2 sunny , unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; $12: references.
. mid Sties-
COLTON HOUSE, 220 THIRD-SINGLE,
V..' suites, housekeeping; $5 up: brick building.
-1 Q THIRD. COX. SOUTH PARK-SUNNY
OX V rooms for housekeeping; range, running
water.
~- Ol' THIRD — 2 SUITKS NICELY FUR-
t->OU nished housekeeping rooms: also single.
'lurk Street.
ITO TV XX— JSJ EGANTLY FURNISHED
1 lU suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
'.twelfth Street.
"I 9 TWELFTH. NEAR MARKET— TWO OR
1 — three unfurnished front rooms, with kitchen,
for housekeeping.
Valencia Streec
71 C VALENCIA— I SINGLE FURNISHED
I i-O front room: $4; also furnished suite of
rooms with privilege of kitchen.
Van i>eis Avenue.
409 VAX NESS AYE.— 2 ROOMS FUR- I
rxXJ^i nished for housekeeping; 1 front; sunny; i
reasonable.
Washington Street.
fA.-l WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
OkjZi nishedhousekeepingrooms; running water.
Welsh Street.
I 1 A WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 2 OR S NICELY'
*T furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
KOOMS TO LET.
bukli street.'
Q1 I BUSH, NEAR TAYLOR — PARLOR
Xx suite and single rooms: bath: gas.
1 1 fl7 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
X 1 V I rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
tiidj- street.
1 9 EDDY— SUNNY CORNER BAY-
.I _• window tront room or en suite; cheap.
DDY. 118— CLEAN, NEWLY FURNISHED,
sunny rooms; central location: $5 up.
Q9Q KDDY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
O—JO front room ; $7.
"I 'AT EDDY— FRONT ROOM; GAS;
J.Ol/ I bath: cheap.
• —jjEhth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
i-ilis Street.
mHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
X H ART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot <£ cold water.
TTOSK DA LE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
it at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open alt night.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
O££i CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
Fifth street..
1 AQ FIFTH — NICE CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
JLVO nished rooms; til conveniences: cheap.
Fulton Street.
-I CQ£ FULTON, NEAR THE PARK— NICELY
J.OIJV furnished sunny front rooms, single or en
suite.
Oeary Sireo-.
mHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. liOl Geary St., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
>.uHj«ii <>ate Avenue.
Gongh Street. ' ■
pOUGH, NR. PINE— NICELY FURNISHED
"T large tunny room suitable for two gentlemen
or married couple: board optional: private family.
Address Reasonable, box 113, Call office.
trove Street.
1 O GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM;
ID rent sB. ■■
Harrison Street.
A~\ (* HARBISON-FURNISHED ROOMS TO
_ X U let tor man and wife or single men.
iiuirard Stree..
nno no ward— dolTble AND single
U_.«J rooms; nicely furnished ; gas; bath; reason-
able; •
-I 190 HOWARD — SUNNY' FURNISHED
XXiiO front room; closets; $5 50 up.
1 i)' WARD— LARGE SUNNY BAY-
I^uT window room, suitable for 2; also single
room, $5: every convenience.
■ •mil's »'rc«i.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED RUNNY
suite; also sunny alcove room: private.
9H7 .'«'>>-«— TH_ VAN WJNKLK; NKW
Li\J I management: elegant tunny suites ■ and
single; newly iurnlHhed: batb, etc.; SlO to »Stl.
i.t»rny Streei.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLKAS-
xv ant tunny rooms, en suite and single: first clsui
.1 i very respect: term* reasonable.
Larkin Street.
DA A LARKIN— LA ROESUNNY FRONT AND
OU _ back: $9 and $7; housekeeping.
QI 17 LARKIN — HAS CHANGED HANDS;
'.'I I nice sunny rooms, double, single and
housekeeping; all.furnlshel; $7 up.
Leavenivorth street.
"I COI LEAVENWORTH— OF FIVE
±.O£i: rooms: modern improvements.
J_*trjc» - {««.,'
707 MARKET, OPP(JSJTE EXAMINER OF-
lt)l lice— nice sunny rooms; single or en suite;
transient or by week or month: reasonable.
'OftKMITK HOUp>K, 104 ft MAKKKT — PER
night, 850 to $1; week, $1 50 10 $5: families.
Martha Place. *.-;£;
MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, MA-
' > son— Nice, furnished, sunny rooms; $5 50 and
$7 50.
- ' '' McAllister Street.
O ( ~>P A McAllister— sunn y furnished
_--U rooms; double and single; private; $8, $10.
3«liin» -tree 1.
m MINNA— NEATLY FURNISHED
11/. rooms, 750, *1 and upwards.
1 MINNA— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
41 I rooms: private family; rent reasonable.
nnrr MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
DO I furnished bay-wiudow rooms; $1 a week.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1896.
BOOMS TO LET— Continued. -
... iismion r««,.
r9"I MISSION— TWO ■ SUNNY FURNISHED
t->— 1 rooms: very reasonable.
rcio MISSION— FINK LIGHT FRONT room,
% U«J with alcove: very quiet house. .-■■,
Q - 4 MISSION— CLEAN FURNISHED SUITS
OO~t for 2 young men; a'so single; $5. ..
1)9901 MISSION— NICE LARGE ROOMS:
———.—;> new bedding; private family; special
care. . ■ . ...
l>'l>'»rrell street.
9QF: O'FARRELL, NEAR MASON (THE
&OO Afton)— New and nicely lurnished rooms.
Post Street. , -
9OQI POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
— O'» rooms for gentlemen only. The DornUs.
Kose Avenue.
41 ROSE aye., off MARKET, near
tr2 Haight— a nice sunny rooms; reasonable.
Folk Street.
"I 1 A 1 POLK. COR. SUTTER-LARGE FRONT
J-J-TtA sunny bay-window room.'
1 7AOI FOLK ' COR. CLAY— SUNNY COR-
-1 I \J4u2 tier Day-window room; suitable for two
ladies or gentlemen.
Hubs Street. ■
9-1 RUSS— SUNNY FURNISHED SINGLE
&X room: bath; closet; $5.. ;
Sacramento Street.
-1 09XI SACRAMENTO- 8 ROOMS: RENT
XOZtO'i $10: separate entrance.
';', v;_- Stevenson Street.
J7OQI STEVENSON, OFF NINTH—
I 002 furnished rooms; single; cheap; quiet
place.
MUter street. j
r A A SUTTER, COR. POWELL— LARGE BUN-
oUu ny front suite, furnished or unfurnished;
also single.
7A-J M'TTER. COX. TAYLOR (THE SAN
i UO Remi)— furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single; reftrences.
Taylor Street.
IAQ TAYLOR — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS,
I VY separate beds; $2 a week; running water;
gas. - '
Tenth Street.
m TENTH. NEAR MARKET— I, 208 3
large sunny rooms. ,
Valencia Street.
m VALENCIA— SUNNY ROOMS, SINGLE
xOx or en suite; housekeeping rooms, with run-
ning water.
William Street.
"I 1 7 WILLIAM, NEAR POST. BET. TAYLOR
111 and Jones— Nicely furnished front room,
independent, $8 per month; private family.
ISOAKDING AND BOOMS*
K^Q^eTr/Y^S U N N^~slnTEr"wrT^PßT-
-000 vate bath, suitable for families; also sunny
single rooms: excellent board.
!\~l d TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY LARGE ROOMS,
01 O with board ; $40 for 2.
C A() vaxYkss AYE.— HANDSOMELY fur-
«Jv'_ nished parlor floor; board optional.
O(\fi VAX~ NESS A V.— ELEGANT ROOMS,
«Jl'U with board; pleasant home lor young men.
17 nO SUTTER (IMPERIAL hotel)—
i -£O suites; single rooms; excellent table board.
OTKL BEUTLING. 714 J4USU-A FAMILY
hotel: references veil aud required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED. |
T~^O2~SA?r^6^E^A~VET^^PLEASANT
home for child; refined family; good care:
terms moderate.
EXPECTABLE LADY W ANTS TWO
children to board; short distance In the coun- [
try; good home; mother's care. Apply 237 Hick- i
ory aye. -
WIDOW. IN THE COUNTRY WOULD LIKE
'» care of 1 or 2 children, or baby: mother's
care. MRS. C. SHIVERS, Antloch, Cal.
£91 PINE ST.— INFANT OR children to
O_ L board; refined home; sunny yard; best of
care. . -
VUASTKD- CHILDREN TO BOARD. AD-
' ' dress box G, Call Office, Alamed*.
stokes TO let.
: TTTEn^irF?finr^^ fXn<jy
0 store; three living rooms attached. 428 Shot-
well st., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
TOKE AND 5 NICE ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
O good for branch bakery or,, shoemaker: rent,
$15. 112 San Jose aye.
O LET— STORE AND 14 ROOMS ON EAST
st. Inquire 8-9 Hampshire St., nr. Twenty-first.
TORE— B EIGHTH ST.; 2 LIVING-ROOMS;
yard; 80 feet from Market St.; reasonable.
T ARGE CORNER STORE WITH BAKE-
-Li ment: will fix to suit tenant. 1065 Howard.
mWESTY-FOURTrt AND FLORIDA— 2 .\EW-
Xly fixed tores; 1 a fine corner. Apply at stores.
A] (* FOURTH— STORE WITH ROOM
Jt LU in rear; suitable for any retail business: low
rent. Apply to G. H. UMBaKN & CO.. 14 Montg'y.
OFFICES TO LET.
15f)ai~A}npfoTlsini^^ I
\j£V'i tices and residence combined; reasonable.
QPRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKKT-
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSKN ife CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOTEL TO LEASE.
stleL~t7> LeXseT^OR^A^ER.M^OF YEARS^
new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also ground floor and well- |
lighted basement; centrally located. y 2 block N. of !
Market st. and 1 block from "Baldwin Hotel and I
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for Bale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320
Sansome St., room 39. '
HOTEL TO LET.
TO LET— THE \v7^Fe£l~liOUSE^ 3T7^319
X Hush st.: this well-known hotel Is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved: compares wltn
best 2d-class hotel In town. MADISON & BURK E
MEDICAL.
Dr. PENA CHECKS" IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant ays.
AN PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
mentor worthless pills used every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases' guaranteed : !
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. PR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
A BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
In San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by
an improved method, superior to others: ladles
will save time and money: be assured of honest
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling
elsewhere: patients who have been imposed upon
are specially invited; home In confinement; »d-
-vice free. DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister
St., next Hibernia Bank.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE- !
.£*. stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief i
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you w-li l save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
LA D IES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT,
210 Powell st.; only qualified specialist: $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
PSYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CURES
J paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, Insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Mason si.,
corner Market, room 11.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEA-KS OF WOMEN A
special. nnexcel ed In restoring irregularity
or other conditions: home In confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st.
R. JOSSELYN, THB GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st, near Sixth.
T>KCARD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "Pine Baths." Rooms a and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland.
RS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE- !
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl*-
-1 ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 254% Fourth st.
■\TICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;' I
-L* all female diseases treated: expert physicians; I
terms moderate. Oilice, 235 Kearuy st., room 9.~
PRIVATE lIOM.K IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth at., Alameda.
SPRE CURE FOR ALL FKM ALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction Guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYEH, 226 Turk St. \
K. HALL. 14 MCALLISI XX >TREKT, NEAR
'Jones, uixeases of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO j
J\ ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger; I
safe, and sure; $2 50 -a press C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
BICYCLES.
frame; for tall man. F. W. MERRILL, 417
Montgomery st. ■ ■ - .-. ■■-;■:..•-■.■■''.*-•. . .; ,-■. ■
ICYCLES, 1895 ' MODELS, 9 TO $65. HAM-
llton Cyciery, Baker St., near Hayes.
TTICYCIiKS FOR $20, «25,:530, $35, $40, $15,
Ii $50, second-band. 306 Post st.
T?OR SALE— '96 BAMRI.K.I; WARWICK: IM-
-T penal and Clipper bicycles at great ba. gains.
303 Larkin st. -■ - >
IJICYCLES— S2O, $30. $40. $50: RAMBLER,
XJ Victor, Steams, Cleveland. 1610 Market st»
PARK CYCLER Y-NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
x best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Alliater iiuu Powell at. car live*.
EDUCATIONAL.
tTTrsTmELVILLE SN Y D K R. 5 14 SUT IER-ST. ;
111' vocal music: piano; elocution for parlor,
stage, rostrum, bar or pulpit : practical Shakes-
pearean and general dramatic elocution a specially ;
vocal ciaaseg Monday 8 p.m.; $1 per month. .
PIANO AND G'JITAK LESSONS AT PU-
JL pils' i home: 5Uc half-hour: best references.
Address Piano, box 12. Call Office. ,
BbuKKEh.pIN~G BY TAKU: ONLY ACCOUNT-
JD ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.-
A TTEND STIEHL'SCOLLKGK, .MARKET
A. St. The : very b«st ]£ Uvidual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship; Typewriting, etc., $1; books free. -
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ABITHMTC. GRAMR
day & night; nocla-=ses : $5 month. 84 5 Mission
ECU IS 10-LETTKR SHORTHAND IS THE
latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), «25. 927 Market.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCA 1.
VT lessons; $3 ma MARY WKSTH a US. 39 Fifth.
T>RIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
-1 es Tues. and Fri. Misses HUDP Y . 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
(J Ninth st. - ' ,•'.■•.-.■
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d,,r.»7.
VJ FaNI.-SH. F iTkNCH. I* KKMAN; MODERATE.
O&lelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O"_Farrell s:
YRES',\HE LEA~DINii SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery St.; individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: Hie
scholars h iu $50; low rates per week and month.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTIN ii-
X> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
en stage. li. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and .Mkt.
OCH(SOL KLKCTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ilB-
O chanicat engineering, surveying, architecture
Essay; estab. 64. VAN PKB NAILLEN. 7a»Hkt.
H~ EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGK, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly iaught. Write fur catalogue.
V| IUH'I'htJMUiJIjUIhiALL' &iii.». C'ijuL.^,,.^; i\
_\ Post : mm m»rpji'. ich»r*hft"rt. Fn-'Tj<h - 'n-.r — » >
MUSICAL INSTKUJUKNTjJ. :/
LiGHT_Y~USED HAKDMAN UPRIGHT:
magnificent tone and case; lady leaving: for
New York and wants an offer. Room 10, Flood
building.
MAGNIFICENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT;
lady forced to sell. Room 10, 809 Market st.
lANOS HALF PRICE. ~~~ '
X ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE ..iU~ i:
TO CLOSE KSTATi-. OF CHAS 8. EATON.
MUST SELu
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market st.
<_ l .1- FINE BAH V GRAN D PIANO: A
L£O. bargain. 514 Sutter. '
ETEGaNT PIANO; SLIGHTLY USED; FINE
■l order; cheap. Sheriff's warehouse, 211 Larkin.
$j C- H ALLK 1 * DAVIS PIANO FOR SA UK ;
"J O. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth St.
S OUR NEW RENT~t'ONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Stein way representatives.
SsTkINWaY $175; STECK $150: STEUL-
ing $100; Latld $60. BKL'E.N'N'S, 223 Post.
lAN'IS- DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CKP. CO., 933 Market st.
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st. .
G" RE AT OPPORTUNITY; 5 FINE \TF-
rights, $125 and $150 each: call early if you
twain a bargain. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
T3EFORK BU V ING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
■D & Gerts and. Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fe CO.. 324 Post st.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed In New York; lust the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay, violins, $1 86; mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
aritoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market at.. Spreckels b ulldlnz.
-Si I 9Fi FINE CHECKERING ; SCIIMITZ, 16
J ,-i>. McAllister St., next to Hibernia Bank.
HICKKKING, KNABK, STKCK.VOSE, STER-
ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
ior rent. BENJ. CVKTAZ & SON. IB O"FarreU.
YKON JtAI'ZY, 308 POST ST SOHMEK,
.\ewby A Evans. Brlcjrs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLIJdtNBW
O H. MOLLER. maker, repairer. '-' l.atham nlacs.
LEGAL NOTICES.
I"~N^riiti supe laoif^cou ß?fr"crrY an
County of San Francisco. State of California.
Department No. 8. JULIA DE ANDANY,
plaintiff, vs. ANTHONY DE ANDANY, defend-
ant. Action brought In the Superior Court, City
and County of Sun Francisco, State of California,
and the complaint filed In said City and County of
San Francisco, in the office of the Clerk of said
Superior Court. -
A The people of the Statfe of California send greet-
ing to ANTHONY DE ANDAJNY, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear In an action
brought against you by the above named plaintiff,
in the Superior Court, City and County of San
; Francisco, State of California, and to answer the
complaint filed therein within ten days (exclusive
of the day of service) after the service on yon of
this summons— if served within this County; or if
served elsewhere, within thirty days— Judgment
by default will be taken against you, according to
the prayer of said complaint.
The said action Is brought to obtain the decree
ot the above entitled court dissolving the bonds of
matrimony heretofore and now existing between
plaintiff and defendant upon the ground that
defendant has been and is guilty of willful deser-
tion of plaintiff: and upon the further groun 1 that
defendant has been and is guilty of willful neglect
of plaintiff, all of which will more fully and at
large appear in the complaint of plaintiff, on file In
the above entitled action, to which said complaint
express reference, in that behalf, Is hereby made,
and for costs of suit.
And you are hereby notified that If you fail to so
appear and answer said complaint as above re-
quired, said plaintiff will apply to the court for
tne relief demanded in said complaint.
Given under my hand and seal of the said
Superior Court, at the ( ity and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this 2d day of
June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-six.
[Seal.] C. F. CUKRY, Clerk.
By JOSKPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
GEO. W. TOWLE JR., Attorney for Plaintiff,
508 Cailiornia St., San Francisco, Cal.
"VfOTICE to CREDITORS— ESTATE of ELIZA
iy R. HILL, deceased. Notice is hereby given by
the undersigned, administrator of the estate of
ELIZA R. HILL, deceased, to the creditors of and
all persons having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary vouch-
ers within four months after the first publication of
this notice to the said administrator at the office of
M. S. TAYLOR, City Hall, Alameda. County of
Ahmieda, State of California, which said office the
undersigned selects as his place of business In all
matters connected with said estate of ELIZA R.
HILL, deceased. GEORGE A. HILL,
Administrator of the estate of ELIZA R. HJLL,
deceased.:.
Dated Alameda, May 29, 1896.
"\TOTICE — NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN
-L\ that the City Treasurer of Los Angeles. Cal.,
is prepared to pay funding bonds, Noa. 11, 12, 13,
14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19. 20,21,22,23.24,26,26,
for the sum of $500 each, issued in 1881, with all
interest accrued thereon, on presentation at the
otlice of the City Treasurer of Los Angeles, Cal.;
and if the same are not presented for redemption
within forty (40) days alter the first publication
of this notice the interest on said bonds will ce?se.
W. A. HARTWELI,. City Treasurer.
Los Angeles, Cal.. May 28. 1893.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT IN AND FOR
X the City and County of San Francisco, State of
Callforn a— Department No. 9 (Probate).
In the matter of the estate of DAVID GOOD-
ALE, deceased. Order to show cause why order
of sale of real estate should not be made.
. A. C. FRKESE, the administrator of the estate
of DAVID GOODALE, deceased, having filed his
petition herein, duly verified, praying for an
order of sale of the whole of the real estate of said
decedent, for the purtoses therein set forth.
It Is therefore ordered by the said court that c!l
persons Interested in the estate of said deceased
appear before the said Superior Court on Monday,
the 13th day of July, 1896, at 10 o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at tne courtroom of Depart
ment No. 9 (Probate) of said Superior Court, at
the new City Hall In the City and county of San
Francisco, State of Californ'a, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to the said aminlg-
trator to sell so much of the real estate of the Said
deceased as shall be necessary.
And that a copy of this order be published at
least one a week for 4 successive we-ki in the
San Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and
published In said City and County.
Dated June 12, A.D. 1*96. ■
J. V. COFFEY, Judge of the Superior Court.
J. D. SULi.IVAN, Attorney for Petitioner. Chron-
icle building, San Francisco, Cal.
PURSUANT TO A DKCRKK OK FOKKOLO-
sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic or Hawaii May 12,
1896, notice Is hereby given that the property
hereuuder described will be sold at public auction
at the Courthouse (Alilolani Hale) in Honolulu,
island of Oahu, H. L, On Wednesday. August 26,
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. P. c. JONKs, -
r Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanal Ranch, lo-
cated on the island of Lanai, com pri3insc 11,500
acres more or less in lee simple, and leases 'nt 48,-
-6-10 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable or which do not expire until 1916*
the annual rentals are about $1800.
This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all Id good re-
pair, with cisterns, , wooished and Dress, and a
Jlo:k of 24,000 sheep, 650 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. ■
1 he lamia are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle.;- As a sheep run it Is
the most valuable on tne islands. The lands now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire is and of Lunal. ... ■.. ■■-
There are rich grasses suitable for breeding and
fattening of I stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs ; on ' the
Island. ■•' ' ' !
Steam communication between Lanal and Hon-
olulu every week. • ■ ••; •
A map showing all the lands controlled by. the
estate and a detailed schedule of the property to
tie sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the office of Messrs. Welch _ Co., 220 Cali-
fornia »t., San Francisco. ■ _ ; -
, Terms of sale will be cash in United States gold
coin. ■;■•-.' ■■ -■ J ■■■■ ■ ■■•■ • ■ ■ . ■ = •;.
Honolulu, May 15, 1896. -
.:. p. c, JONES, Beceiver.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ;
INCOME PROPJCBTY: RENTS $225 PER
X month; corner lot. 56x275: splendid location
for factory or any inside business: within 5 blocks
of new city Hall; full benefit o v 25-foot street the
depth of property ; this is a sound Investment, as
the lot Is worth' more than the price asked and ,
will double in value in the next 5 years: price
$20,000; $9000 mortgage can remain; make an
offer; principals only: no agents. Address In-
come, box 17, Call Office.. ; V
_~QAn NEW COTTAGE ANDIOT; 5 RMS.;
»3)OUU. hard finished. Inquire 210 Andover
aye.. bet Crescent and East aye., Holly Park Tract.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $1 50 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONaIIKY, 1149 Mission st.
JUST COMPLETED: HOUSK OF 14 ROOMS
and servant's room: 2 baths: finished in natu-
ral woods-oak, bird's-eye maple, mahogany and
curly - redwood: gas and incandescent lighting;
Presidio Heights, cor. Clay and Laurel. Apply to
owner on premises.
SAN RAFAEL: LOT 75x130; WORTH $3000;
O will sell for $1600; nicest lot in town; accepted
street. J. B. ROCHE, San Rafael. /
HKAP — ONE . 2-STORY < HOUSE, LOT; 1
rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller st., nr. Stanyan, i/ 3 block G. Gate Park.
(ii..ii n i\ (lOITAOE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
«S)_iX''\/.'on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400:. lot 40x120r $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. :,
O'AA JOsT~FINISIiED; TWO-STORY
£)O\JV . bay-window houseof 7 rooms: bath:
latest improvements; $500 cash. Bryant aye., nr.
Twenty-first su , . •■ : ..- .-'• . ■■- c
! "T-OR SALK— HOUSE OF 3 FLATS; LOT 25x
-T 110; rents $55 per month. : Address C. A., box
102. Call Office. . ;
\T KW COTTAGE, 923^ i>Kiv ST., h_Att2ie>T.; j
— i 5 rooms and bath; high-finished basement;
porcelain, tub; substantially built; everything
modern and convenient: price $2900: e^sv terms;
equal 10 rent, if desired; lot 25x100 fee:; owner
] on premises daily. •
IG BARGAIN— AN ELEGANT HOME, $700
cash, balance monthly, 2-story, 6 rooms; bath,
I hiKh basement, fine burn and drive; lot 28x120;
only $3101): fine location. . 365 First aye., nr.
j Clement St., owner 1402 Devisadero st.
OTS $150 —F R UI T VALE TERMINAL
tract; $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
JACOB HE\MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
t) removed to 11 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
<_ 1 A f\f\ IMPROVED^ TTA^IL~I2~ACREfS
ilnX'aUU. easy terms; also unimproved, $90
an acre. Owner, 916 Jackson st.
IF YOU WANT A BEAUTIFUL AND PRO-
ductive home, read this— 4 5 acres neur large
town in Alameda County, 25 acres of which in
bearing fruit and nut trees, balance hay and pas-
turage; a 1 garden soil; house, barn, etc.; running
water: fine oak and sycamore trees; first-class
neighborhood: perfect climate: price reduced to
$6000, including all personal property; don't miss
seeing this flue home. H. H. CKANE, 410 Mont-
gomery st. :'-.'. . '
ffl.t»Qon ' 30-ACKE LOVELY RANCH, ONLY
«Jp* OiIKJ. few minutes from town: nice new
house, barn and complete farming outfit: see this
and you will buy. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
ffil ('Zf\ a nick " 10-ACRK FARM, 114
(jPIOuI/. miles from town, all in choice fruit,
grapes and berries: all tools, chickens, etc., In-
cluded. See SPECK <fe CO., 602 Market st.
T HAVE SEVERAL SMALL IMPROVED
X homes near this city for sale at low prices and
easy terms; also properties lor exchange. H. H.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery St. ' ' ' ,'
2-ACRK C HI C K N R ASCII NEAR OAK-
land; 8-room house; offered at one-half its
value. DECKER. 10-0 Market St.
TOBtJIT ORCHARD — ACRE TRACTS,
JT fruit cannery connected with orchard; work
for men by the i ear: women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write tot particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda.
HEAT bargain— 4o-ACRE VINEYARD
'J and fruit ranch: full bearing; also 640 acres
level land near Fresno. 1125 Howard st. •
QAM MATEO CITY— LARGE LOT, 100x180,
O for sale cb cap on Griffith aye. Address 11. P.,
607 Capp st., city.
A LAME DA COUNTY FRUIT LAND;
-^V choicest in the state: selling in tracts, 5 acres
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell: lVa hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect. 57
Chronicle building
ffi»/«rvrw\ FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE; 10
tJPUUUVv. acres planted all varieties fruit; 4-
room bouse, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
Ing utensils Included. Apply F.B. HOOSON, Hay-
wards.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 5:6 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
OR HOMES IN LOSGVIOS OR ORCHARDS
J in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & CO. •
KNDFUUOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HUMKS
tor sale. WOOSTKB & WHITTON. San Jose.
I"" ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
J-J proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TwUNO, »onou_
City. Inquire 883 Market St.. S. F.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ag free. -_-____
MONEY TO LOAN.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS^sTfjo^b7)b~T7T^oXN~aN
0 life Insurance policies. 330 Pine st.
IF YOU WISH TO SELL YOUR MORTGAGE
call CHAS. H. BANE, Atty-at-law, 8-7 Market.
lOANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
J diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st.
IST & MORTGAGES: INTERESTS INK*
tates;lowest rates dpUy.MURPH
A DIAMON DS.JEWELKV, KTU
I\ Colombia Loan A Collateral Oflice, 9 Grant aye.
1 OANS ON REAL ESTATE. IST, OR 2ND
-^mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal : any
amount; low rates. BECKER", 328 Montgomery.
"T~D VANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
A Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY.
STORE, 948 Mnrket St.; open evenings. ' '
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 21» or 3D MORTGAGE-!;
ii. estates, undivided interests, real estate in dm-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; interest low; private entrance: private
rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. ' ..
ONEY LYING IDLE; TAKE AT $5 INTEK-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
MONEY LOANED OS JEWELRY AND
It J other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
I \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
xJ no removal: no delays: do commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68. Ponohn» bidg. 1170 Market st.
PAWNBROKERS.
"/Tt~l2« KEAKNY st^"lro7)m~9^?sn_y"
-t"»- loaned, Batches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap.
MONEY "WANTED.
ANTED—^SOO -.GOOD SE^CUJUTy'. GOO D
TT Interest. Address C. D., box 163, Call office.
ANTKD-S800; WILL PAY a PER cent-
good security. Addre-s t) ■ box 29, Call.
SHERIFF SALES.
C^leluFf'^"sal>E—
O Plaintiff, vs. li. -G. CHANDOS. JENNIE
GOODRICH. SARAH E. HARDKSTY, LUCY
ROUNTREE, ALFRED McMAIION. E. W.
SCOTT, A. EVERETT BALL, PACIFIC LAND
ASSOCIATION, and JOHN LLOYD, Assignee of
LINFORTH, KELLOGG <fc CO., Defendants.
No H9,l3l— Superior Court, Department Eight.
Order of Sale and Decree of Foreclosure of Lien. .-
. Under and by virtue of an Order of Sale and De-
cree of Foreclosure of Lien issued out of the Supe-
rior Court, Department No. Eight, of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of : California, on
the lbth day of May, A. D. 1896, in the above en-
titled action, wherein WILLIAM HOLLIS, the
above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment arid
Decree of Foreclosure of I Lien against B. G. Chan-
dos, Jennie Goodrich, Sarah E. Hardesty, Lucy
Kountree, Alfred McMahon. E. W. Scott, A.
Everett Ball, Pacific Land Association, and John
Lloyd, assignee of Linforth. Kellogg & Co., defend-
ants, on the 14th day of March, A. D. 1894. which
said Judgment and Decree was on the 16th d»y of
March, A. D. 1894, recorded In Judgment Bojk 17
of said Court, at page 544, I am commanded to sell
nil those certain lots, pieces or parcels of land, sit-
ua;e. 1 -ins;, and being In the City and County of
Ssn Francisco,; State of. California, and bounded
and describe! as follows: :
First— Commencing on the southeast corner of
Potrero avenue and El. Dorado street, thence south
along the -east line of Potrero avenue fifty, f et,
thence east at right angles one hundred .: feet,
thence north at ri^nt angles fifty feet to the south
line of El Dorado street, thence west along, the
south line of _ .1 Dorado street one hundred feet to
point of beginning. :.. . :
second— Commencing on the easterly line of Po-
trero avenue fifty feel south of the : corner of Po-
trero avenue and El Dorado s'.reet, thence south
alon? said east line of Potrero avenue forty feet,
thence east at right angles one hundred feet,
thence north at right angles forty feet, thence west
at right angles one hundred feet to the point, of be-
ginning. :
■ Third— Commencing on the easterly line of Po-
trero avenue ninety feet south of El Dorado street,
I thence south along the easterly, line of Potrero
! avenue fifty-one and six-twelfths feet, thence east
1 at right angles one hundred feet, thence north at
I right angles fifty-one and six-twelfth* feet, thence
1 west at right angles one hundred feet to the point
lof beginning. ; »
Public Notice Is hereby given that on TUES-
DAY", the 23d day of June, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, in front of the New City
II all, Larkin street wing, In the City and County of
San Francisco, I will, In obedience to said Order of
Sale and D.cree of Foreclosure of lien, sell the
above de«crlbed property, or so much thereof as
may be necessary to raise sufficient money to sat-
isfy said Judgment, with interest and costs, etc
to the highest and best bidder, for lawful money of
the United States.
RICHARD I. WIIELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, June Ist, 1896.
D. H. WHITTEMORpi.t No. 318 Pine street,
Sac Francisco, Attorney for Plaintiff. :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. , _^ ...
FITCHBURG!!! "" ' :■'■ ."
SAN LKANDIiO AND HAYWARDS LOCAL
Southern Pacific Uompeny.
Direct fast ferry trains. Distance and time shorter
. _ than to Alameda or Berkeley. . ■ ■ '
From ; ~~ ~ : From
San Francisco. _ v ,* , m r _ Fitchburc to
Foot of Market Oakland-Foot Ban Francisco
Street. of Broadway. and Oakland.
- *6:00 a *a:36 a" 6:30 a
-8:00 a 8:36 a 9:00 a
9:00 A 9:36 a 10:00 a
10:00 a 10:36 a 11:00 a
•11:00 a *11:36 a 12:00 a
2:00 f, 2:36 p ; 1:00 p
3:00 p ._ 3:36 P 4:00
4 :00 l' 4 -.36 6:00p
6:00 P 5:86 p 5:30 P
5:30 p 6:05 p 7:00p
7:00 p , 7:36 p 8:00 P
8:00 p 8:36 p 9:00 p
9:00 p 9:36 P 10:05 p
**ll:15p **11:5 ip **11 :45 *•
• Runs through to Nlies. ** Mondays. Thursdays
and Saturdays, a Forenoon, p Afternoon.
Fitchburg is 45 minutes from San Francisco on
the S. P. main line 10 .Mies. Livermore and Sen
Jo3e. .San Leandro and Haywaras electric cars
tv ry few minutes to Fruitvale, Oakland and Ala-
meda, which cities it Is immediately adjacent to
and rivals as a choice locality for homes. All
the conveniences of a metropolis without the pay-
ment of city taxes. The first coat of a lot in a city,
will buy a. quarter to a half block in Fitchburg. Be
first to get In and grow up with the town. Lots 25
and 50 by 100 to 200 only 100 to 8200. Small
cash payment, balance easy terras. Look at un-
sightly tracts, then come to the promising town of
Fi.chbnre for lots at reasonable prices. .
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD. S. PITCH, Fitchburg.
UST BE SOLD— A COZY COTTAGE OF 3
rooms; 2 chicken-houses: city water ; lot 75x
108; all fenced: price $450. Fruitvale Land Com-
pany, Fruiivale. '
I^OR SALE— A SNAP FOB 15 D AYS: SE. COR.,
-T 100x125: nice 4-room house and barn; well
and city water; price $1500; $900 cash; balance
can remain: lot cost $1500. Apply to S. S. AUS-
TIN, 1101 Twenty-third aye., East Oakland.
C.O7fr/i READ! READ READ! $30 PER
«Jp^ I O\J . month and no cash down for a new
modern 8- room house: bath: lot 35x125. ALDEN
& CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland. '
OAKLAND FUKNITIKE FOB SALE.
"cjToH Fu^TiT^nur4nrto^s^isT^H?sc^ETu
<IPO*J. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.. OBkland. • .■
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
UXJRNIBHED HOUSES FOR RENT-5 ROOMS;
J modern; nicely furnished; large grounds:
chicken-houses: rant $"0 per month. See WHITE
BKOS.. 1128 Twenty-third aye.. Kast Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
ARG~ICT~~NEW7 16-ROO*M FURNISHED
J dwelling (overlooking Lake Merritt) with mod-
ern conveniences for rent. For particulars call at
premises between 3 and 5 p. m., 121 Lake st., Oak-
land. .
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
MARIPO3A — MRs7~£MMa~h7~ADAMS—
Newly fumlsned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh St., near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
1 FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LET,
with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
. ALAMEI>A KEAL ESTATE.
\,l XrCUSiT~& «EM MELJ CONTRACTORS
■IVI and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
$2200— 525 cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
-$2450— 525 cash, $22 50 monthly; 63x117; cot-
tape of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
83000— No cash: 825 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
. Open Sundays and holidays.
T HAVE TO OFFER FOR A FEW DAYS
J. only 4 lots located In one Of Alameda's choicest
localities; street work complete; these lots must
be sold and can be bought for 25 per cent less than
value. For further information call on or address
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
ffIjOQAA $300 CASH AND $25 PER
«£)._OUv/» month; new cottage of 5 rooms and
bath.
$8250 -$5OO cash and $30 per month; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$4001)— $800 cash and $40 per month: new
bouse of 7 rooms and batb.
All large lots and convenient to cars; we have
on hand a number of beautiful Alameda homes for
sale on very easy terms. JOSEPH A: LEONARD
COMPANY, 1364 Park St., Alameda. . v
C_-| "I (\(\ LOT 50x190: BTREET WORK ALL
<JpXXULf. done; beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; 13- room house to
rent unfurnished; finest location in Alsmeda, cor.
Central aye. and Beaton st. T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park st. -
STORY; NEW; 10 ROOMS: ALL MODERN
improvements: finely furnished; gas and
water: or ly $5500: larse lot.
To rent— Four finely furnished houses: also un-
furnished. Jt'DD, 1424 Parr st., Alameda.
C_>/»Afj/\ BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
t_SUUUU. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one Block west of Park St.; it will surely please
you; investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth su Oakland. '. ■
BARGAIN— $1350; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150; house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. '
OMKS BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of ail ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up; $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. K. IJKNKE. real estate, architect aud
builder, 1502 Seventh st. , Alameda.
CHEAPEST AND BEST TS AMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United states or Canada one year for $1 CO, post-
age free. -
. BERKELEY It _A L. ESTATE.
OR SALE. ] """* - •-■' '
1 . BERKELEY.
$1600— Modern 4-room bay-window cottage: lot
40x103: well, tank and windmill: garden: a bar-
gain: Stanley and Grove; electric cars; 4 minutes
to Adeline station; part cash. F. G. OELLE-
RICH. For particulars address Lorin Postofflce.
"VTO HESITATION ABOUT THIS-IT REALLY
-LV Is beautiful Berkeley and one of the prettiest
places for sale is that 6-room cottage near station
and electric cars, and within 10 minutes of uni-
versity: a lovely home. JOS. J. MASON, Berke-
ley Station.
JOSEPH J. MASON, REaL ESTATE AND
•J insurance, agent, - Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. :
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy, terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berk»ley. '
• berkeley HOUSES.
COR r^nV^'cho^cesT'"' location is
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all . beautifully
furnished; to first-class .tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MOUKISON. Berkeley.
UAYWABDS PROPEUTY.
}}?\^axlkbS^Sous!^, barn7~weXl7"wini£
—\J mill and tank: chicken-bous°s: 5 acres bear-
In? fruit and vines: 12 acres in hay; plenty of
wood: runniiiK stream of water: 2 miles from
town: a positive sacrifice; price $2750. P. WIL-
BERT, Castro St.. near B. Haywards, Cal.
C 10, 15 AND 20 ACRE TRACTS IN THE
tJ heart of the valley: rich, level land: in tracts to
suit; price S2OO per acre. Call on or address P.
WILBKRT. Cas'rn St.. near B. Haywards, Cal. '
• PKOPEKTI '1O EXCHANGE.
HriiA ~bXkgXinB^vh^^e^~yoiPwXnt"?
OXJyJ 20 houses and lots from $1250 to.. .$lO,OOO
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0.......... . 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from t5O to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. ~ 3,000
H. C. DECKER, 10-iU Market St.. opposite Fifth.
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY IN-
• come property: in the famous Santa Clara Val-
ley; tine 18-acre 4-year-old prune orchard; lovely
new cottage, windmill, etc. C. 8., 3001 La?una st.
T ODGING-HOUSE AND RANCH FOR SALS
XJ or exchange. PHELPS & CO., 5<17 Larkin St.,
room 6. . ' • ■
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE-2 DOUBLE
flats on Eleventh St., Oakland: all new and
modern improvements. PHELPS _ CO., 917
Larkm st., room 6. <
OTS IN EXCHANGE FOR SALOON OR
boarding-house. C. 8., General Delivery P. O.
■jOQn ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
.1 _ ; , ' ; water: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.16.Ca1l
PROPOSALS.: 1
PROPOSALS FOR~A CONCRETE^ BULfif
X bead and bituminous yard work— propo-
sals will be receive! by the Superintendent of
Common Schools In open session of the Board of
Education, new City Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1896, at 8:30 o'clock p. M.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and lor bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
Grammer School in accordance with plans and
specifications (and thecon ltions mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles 1. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. ! The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. , GEORGE BEA>STON. Secretnry.
SEWING machines.
A KINDS BOUGHTTioLDi EXCHANGE ft"
2x reuieu, repaired; lowest rate* tl'O Fourth. a.
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
xV_ alty; private; 00 charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
T E. PHILLIPS-U.S. AND state COURTS;
XJ. R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates: charges moderate, offices 508 California st.
rp J. MURRAY, ATT'Y and counselor AC
X. law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
\\f W. DA VIDSON, ATTORNE Y-A W, 420
TT . California st.. rooms 14 and 15; advico free.
,".. PHYSICIANS.
"p^McTvED^DR. C? V. 6^ONNeI.L~TO~i2O3
It Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDA X* AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. : his JO years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by null .
will not be inserted. They must be handed In a'
either of the publication ' offices and be indorsai
with the name and residence of persons auluorizai
to hava the name published.]
BORN.
BISHOP— In Oakland, May 6, 1896, to the wife of
John N. Bishop, a son.
BON— In this city. May 31, 1896, to the wife of
Hagbard Bon, a son. ,
BRANK-In Alameda, June 11, 1896, to the wife
of Fred G. Brane. a daughter.
CLARK— In this city, June 12.1895, to the wife
of Edward J. Clark, a daughter.
GREEN— In this city. Juno 6, 1893, to the wife of
Laurence Green, a son.
LIEBKS— in 'his city, June 14, 1896, to the wife
of Sidney Liebes, a son.
McCARRON— June 10. 1896, to the wife of Hugh
McCarro 1, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city, June 13, 1896, to the wife
of Edward Q. Smith, a daughter.
ZIPFEL— In this city. May 17, 1896, to the wife Of
Joseph I. Zipfel, a daughter.
____________ ________ "
MAKtiIKoT!
GAGAN— GAYNOK— In North San Juan. June
11. 1896, by the Rev. Father Otis. Charles R.
( ;a-,'an of San Francisco and Marioi Josephine
Gay nor.
TAYLOR— CHIC- In Redwood City, June 3, 1898,
A. M. Taylor and Bessie Chic, both of San Fran-
cisco.
Burnett, Lena M. Kinnears, Hugh
Conboy, Daniel McGlbben, Robert
Conneil, Kate Mattaini, Mary D.
Dolan, Mary Michaels, Myron 3.
Duertng, Ottie Molloy, Hannah
Edwards, Robert M. Powers, John
Hansen, John A. G. Sweeney, Alice
Haslett, Arthur ■ Tscheinen. Johan J.
Hay, John W. Veitch, William H.
Kaeding, Gustin L. Voullieme, Hermann J.
Kembeck, Mary J. VVint-erter, Charles J.
Zollver. Pearl
BURNETT— In Alameda, June 13, 1896. Lena
May, beloved wife of Fred C. Burnett, aged 28
years 1 month and 13 days.
CONBOY-In this city. June 12, 1896. Daniel
Conboy, a native of Ireland, aged 52 years.
CONNELL— In this city, June 18, 1896, at the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. E. Daley, 1424
Dolores street, Mrs. Kate Connell, beloved
mother of Corueliu* and Patrick Connell and
X>irs. 1C Boyle, a native of Ireland, aged 85 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:M0 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. E. Daley, 1424
Do.ores street, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celeorated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOLAN— In this city, June 13. 1896, Mary Dolau,
beloved sister of John, Thomas and Bridget
Dolan, a native of the parish of Drum, County
Koscommun, Ireland, aged 63 years. [Boston
papers please copy.J
#a~Frlomli ami acquaintances are resnect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 226V2 Sanchez street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUERING-In this city, June 14, 1896. Ottie,
beloved daughter of George and Lizzie Dueling,
sister of Emily Duering, and granddaughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Lonis Ohm, a native of s?au Fran-
cisco, iiged 12 years 9 months and 23 days.
£■_?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. _.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 819 Bryant street, between
Sixth and Seventh, and thence to st. Paul's
Lutheran Church, 5 corner Eddy and Gough
streets, where the services will be held at 2
o'clock p. m. Interment J. O. O. F. Cemetery.
EDWARDS— In this city. June 13. 1896, Robert
Maze Edwards, beloved husband of Mary Eliza-
beth, and father of Maze. David. William and
Samuel Edwards and Mrs. Joseph JenKs, a
native of London, England, aged 71 years.
ay Friends an I acquaintance) are resnec*.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from Trinity
Church, corner of Gough and Bush streets. In-
terment private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ' y- Y S< ■
HANSEN — In this city, June 14, 1896. John An-
artist George EutMD, beloved husband of Jo-
• hanna, and father of Henry Hansen. a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 64 years and 11
months.
USTFriends and acquaintances are r«MP9CV
fi'l'y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 'I o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HASLETT— In this city, June 1896. Arthur,
beloved son of James and Mary Haslett, a
. native of ban Francisco, aged 16 years and 9
months, 'ies -.-
£S"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of his parents. 2821 Sixteenth street. Interment
1 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HAY— In this city, June 14,139"!. John William,
beloved son of Edward B. and Honora Hay, and
. brotner of Ida, Walter, Florence, Lenore and
Charles Hay, a native of New Orleans, La., aged
28 years, [New Orleans (La.) and St. Johns
(N. B.) papers please copy.J
- <9*Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KAEDING— In this city, June 12, 1896. Gustm L.
Kaeding, a native of Sweden, aged 44 years.
KEMBECK— In this city, June 13, 1896, Mary J.,
beloved wife of Christopher Kembeck and
mother of George D., William J. and Tillman R.
* Herring, and beloved sister of Mrs. William.
Lome, a native of Massachusetts, aged 41 years.
ffS~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Halsted _ Co., 946 Mission street.
- interment LO. O. F. Cemetery.
KINNEARS-ln this city, June 10, 1898, Hugh
Kinnears, a native of Ireland, aged 59 years.
MrGIBBEN— In this city, June 13, 1896. Robert,
dearly beloved husband of the late Isabel Me
Gibben, and father of Mrs. Mitchell Ford, James
A., Robert C, Samuel J. and the late Maggie I.
McGibben, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 62
years. . " -
JSarThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from 3380 Twenty-
third street. Interment private at Masonic
Cemetery.
MATTAINI— In Berkeley, June 13. 1896, Mary
D., beloved wife of Gluseppl Mattalnl. a native of
Philadelphia, aged 40 years and 1 month.
ft^-Friend-i and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Monday), at 10 o'clock A. M., at
her late residence, corner of Parker and Manoa
streets, East Berkeley. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
MICHAELS— In this city. June 13, 1598, Myron
Samuel Michaels, a native of Saa Francisco,
aged 1 month and 14 days.
MOLLOY— In this city, June 14. 1896, Hannah,
beloved wife of the late Charles Molloy, and
mother of Charles, Louisa, George, Walter. Mag-
gie, John and thela'e May Molloy. a native of
Woburn, Mass., used 53 years and 22 days.
POWERS— An anniversary mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of th« late John
Powers at St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness ave-
nue, TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully in-
vited to attend. •
SWEENEY— In this city, June 14, 1896, Alice,
beloved daughter of John M. and Regina
Sweeney, a native of Man £ ranclsco, aged 1 year
2 months and 16 days. . '
TSCHEINEX— In this city, June 14. 1898. Johan
Joseph, beloved son of Johan Joseph aud Caro-
line Tscheinen. and brother of John and Annie
Tscheinen, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
days.
VEITCH— In thePotrero, June 14, 1896. William
Henry, infant .son of Henry and Elizabeth
* Veitch, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged '1
days. • > ' ■
VOULLIEME— In this city, June 14,1898. ~er-
mann J., beloved . husband of Agnes Voullieme,
and father of Louis and Melanie Voullleine,
a native of East Prussia, Germany, aged 60 years
and 1 month. .
WINGERTER— In .this city, June 13, 1896,
Charles Joseph, beloved husband of Caroline
Wmger:er and lather of Mrs. Melinda C. Mtdau,
Edward P. Wmcerter and Mrs. Frank W. Mars-
ton, , a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 79
years 8 months and 6 days.
X)S~Funeral services will be nold THIS DAY
(Monday), at •• 2 o'clock p. m.. from his . lata
residence, 2714 Sacramento street, between
Pierce and bcott. Interment . private. Please
omit flowers.
ZOLLVER-In this city, June 18, 1896. Pearl, be-
loved daughter of John a. a nl Annie T. Zollver,
a native Of Sun Francisco, aged 14 years and 3
months. *~
Friends and acquaintances are r'MDaer.-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Monday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 206 Fair Oaks street,
thence to St. James Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
lit 1 soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. U.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY OP ST. IGNATIUS
Church— are requested to meet THIS (Mon-
day) EVENING at 8 o'clock at the Chapel of
the Sodality for the purpose of * the recitation of
the "Office of the Dead" for our late departed
brother member, Mr. P. J. O'Brien. Relatives
and friends are invited to be present. By order of
. JAMES K. KELLY, Prefect.
Chaßlxs A. McAtuff, Secretary.
"• WIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNKRAL DLRECTORS _ EMBALMKBS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School;
Telephone 3080. / .
1516
WAVING ALOFT THE BANNER OF FREE SILVER
So Depart the Democratic
Champions for Sacra
mento.
GOULD FOR CHAIRMAN.
John Daggett Will Try to Stem
the Free-Coinage
Tide.
EIVAL CAMPS LAST- NIGHT.
Joy Re ; gns in the Junta Delegation.
District Delegates May
Bolt.
Four weeks ago Democrats in San Fran
cisco holding Federal office by grace of
Grover Cleveland proclaimed with great
emphasis that there would be no place in
the State convention of the party at Sacra
mento for any man who did not indorse
the administration of President Cleveland.
Some of the most outspoken of the Fed
eral brigade pronounced free coinage of
silver a wild notion— a heresy that would
not be tolerated in the party.
Since then a great change has come over
the scene. Kentucky and Micnigan Dem
ocrats in convention have revolted, and
thrown the golden standards of Cleveland
and Carlisle in the dust. Encouraged by
the successful resistance of the silver men
in the East the champions of free coinage
of silver have taken fresh heart and hope
in California and made such a showing of
Etrengtli and enthusiasm that the "gold
bugs" are dumfounded.
E. B. Pond, D. B. Murphy and Arthur
Rodgers, Democrats of eminence, who
were counted on as probable delegateg-at
laree to the National Convention of the
party at Chicago, must either carry the
silver banner to the lakes or rest in seclu
sion at home. The chances are that a
solid silver delegation will be chosen.
Senator Stephen White, W. W. Foote,
Thomas Geary, Magnire and J. V. Cole
man may get the honors at large. Geary
is not a straight-out silver man. It is said
of him that he has a record of voting on
both sides of the question, and it will not
disturb him in the least to strengthen his
record on either side.
The so-called Buckley delegation of
Democrats in San Francisco is solid for
silver, but the Daggett-McNab Junta fac
tion is about evenly divided. At one
time this delegation was counted on as
nearly solid for gold, but the remarkable
events east of the Rockies have caused
quite a number to run to the silver camp
for shelter.
it is common talk that tbe delegates
from "Siskiyou to San Diego," from the
Sutro tunnel to the Sutro baths, aie going
to the convention shouting for silver 16 to
1. So earnest are tne country delegates
on the money question that they are
counted on to admit to be the straight
out white-metal followers of Buckley in
preference to the yellow-streaked adher
ents of Daggett and'McNab.
Frank Gould was rated as a gold bng
some time ago, but he is now so thor
oughly galvanized with silver that he can
pass any place where the metal is recog
nized. Gould is to be chairman of the
convention. The Buckley men keep talk
ing that he will not be, but they haven't a
man in sight at this writing to onpose
him. Sammy Braunhart says that Gould
wiil appoint the biggest the best and fair
est men of the party to the committee on
credentials. Gould left his rooms at the
California Hotel early yesterday morning
and was not seen again in public until
late in the day.
Buckley was not idle yesterday. In an
upstairs room of the Occidental Club, on
the Stockton-street hill— the house of
curves— sat the boss. He talked with sev
eral of his lieutenants and presumably
advised wnat course should be pursued at
Sacramento. James O'Brien saw the boss
at 2 o'clock, and left for Sacramento two
hours later. .Ex-Senator Arms, M. J.
Donovan and others had a talk with Buck
ley during the afternoon.
The Buckley delegation will leave this
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The Street Depart
ment, the Sheriff's office and the offices
of the Recorder and Tax Collector will
not be overcrowded with clerks and at
taches to-morrow. The Junta will get a
lew men from tbe Sheriff's office, but most
of the crowd from the City Hall will re
enforce the Buckley column.
Josepn Kelly candidate for the Demo
cratic Congressional nomination in tbe
Fifth District, started for Sacramento on
the 4 o'ciock train yesterday afternoon.
He went to tbe station with Walter Levy.
Speaking of his chances to a Call reporter
Mr. Kelly said: "I am not taking sides
with either of the opposing elements in
San Francisco. My chances for nomina
tion for Congress are good. lam giving
that contest my particular attention and
think that I will win."
Thomas J. Clunie, who was an advocate
of the free coinage of silver at the Salt
Lake and St. Louis conventions of sil
verites and who has been shouting silver
for months in defiance of the Federal
brigade and the goldbugs of his party, is
an out and out candidate for the Demo
HEW TO-DAT.
if _r^ £-&%hi!!i
J^ Fred Brown's Jamaica '^V
y^ Ginger stands to-day as
yfe^ it did 75 years ago, the s|\
/^ standard preparation of
i g pure Jamaica Ginger — ||i\
medial agent of the highest re- 3
j = liability. So great has been %
H its success that hundreds of 1
, = imitations are made to-day =
= and foisted upon the public as §!
= "Brown's Ginger." These =
= should be strenuously avoid- §c
|cd. A simple means of get- g
g ting the genuine is to ask for sj
g FRED Brown's Jamaica II
sg. Ginger, and see that the tiN
; \S^ red label is on the wrap- Jp^
vk per with this trade- |^7
(J^^(^. FBED BROWN CO., v^S^S
cratic nomination in the Fifth District-
Some of the wise politicians assert that
he will capture the works.
A. J. Clunie, Dr. Stanton, Railroad Com
missioner, Thomas Glynn, Recorder, bam
Braunhart and Samuel Newman, Secre
tary of the Railroad Commission, left for
Sacramento at 7 o'clock last evening.
A. J. Clunie expressed hope, if not con
fidence, that Borue other Democrat than
Frank Gould would be elected chairman.
He said: "Of the 100,000 Democrats in
California, he is the only one that is not
acceptable to our delegation. Let the con
vention select any one else and we will be
satisfied. Our delegation is going there
pledged for the free coinage of silver. We
are the representatives of the Democratic
party of San Francisco, and yet I am told
that the Junta proposes that we shall not
be admitted to the convention hall. The
Junta delegates will have tickets issued to
them which will give them seats in the
convention circle. It wiil be contrary to
the established order ef precedence in
Democratic conventions to allow these
men to vote on temporary organization."
On the 7 o'ciock train this morning
many of the leaders will leaye for Sacra
mento. Among them are: John Daggettt,
Gavin McNab, Frank Gould, M. C. Has
sett, James D. Phelan, E. B. Pond. Ed
Lanigan and State Senators Fay, Biggy
and McAllister.
THE RIVAL CAMPS.
Buckley Plan of Campaign— McNab
Says the Junta Delegates
Are on the Roll.
At the regular Democratic, or Buckley,
headquarters, at 935 Market street, last
night, there was the usual gathering of
party workers. The report had gained
currency that the Daggett-McNab dele
gates would be allowed to vote for tempo
rary chairman. The scheme is to give out
badges or tickets to the Junta delegates
and withhold such passports from the
! regulars.
One of the party workers said : "There
will be a lively time if they attempt to shut
us out of the convention hall. Our men,
to the number of twenty, among them our
best speakers, hold proxies from the coun
try, and you may bet all you can borrow
that they will resent such an outrage. The
Junta delegates have no right to vote on
temporary organization.
"If we are excluded from the conven
tion, we will organize as Congressional
District conventions, elect our delegates to
the Chicago National Convention, nomi
nate a candidate for Congress in the Fifth
District, and then appeal to the court 3 ana
have our claims to the use of the Demo
cratic ticket recognized by law.
The report was current at these head
quarters that the Santa Clara delegation,
headed by Sam Rucker, would leave San
Jose this evening for Sacramento, arid
that tbe delegates were against Gould for
chairman.
At the headquarters of the Junta in the
Flood building there was an air of confi
dence. Not the slightest doubt as to the
seating of the Junta delegation or the elec
tion of Gould chairman was expressed.
Th« delegates will leave for Sacramento
at 4 o'clock this afternoon. The Iroquois
will whoop the journey in great style. The
club iias engaged a private car and will
make Sacramento blaze with fireworks to
night. An Iroquois branch with 100 mem
bers is to be brought into camp.
Gavin McNab, the statesman of the
Junta, the guiding genius of the fight
against Buckley, was seen at the Occi
dental Hotel last night.
He leaves for Sacramento this morning.
When asked if there were any doubts
about Frank Gould's election as chairman
he replied: "How can tnere be a doubt
when there is no opposition candidate?
Yes; our delegation is on the roll. It was
placed there by the State Central Com
mittee. Our delegates will have badges
admitting them to the voting floor of the
convention and they will vote on the
j question of temporary organization. Our
I delegates were placed on the roll by John
i Markley, secretary of the Democratic
State Central Committee.''
'How does your delegation stand on the
silver question ?"
"That I do not know and no one knows.
The sentiment is changing in favor of free
coinage and the silver men are more ag
gressive in the assertion of their views
than the other delegates.
No, the Buckley delegates wiil not be on
the roll as a contesting delegation and
they will not be admitted to the voting
i floor of the convention. The counties of
Santa Clara, Santa Cruz and Solano are
said to be against Gould, but if our dele
gation of 160 were excluded Gould would
have enough to elect. Of course, he would
have Bince there is no opposition — no
other candidate."
Mr. McNab mentioned as the leading
candidates for dplegates-at-large Geary,
Ostrom, Foote, White, E. B. Pond, J. V.
Coleman, B. D. Murphy and Frank Nicol.
He said if free coinage of silver was de
clared for that Messrs. Pond and Murphy
would not enter tbe race.
TALKS WITH DELEGATES.
Exprssslons and Prophecies From
Different Parts of the State.
J. Buckingham of Ukiah, one of the
Mendocino County delegates and for six
years chairman of the First Congressional
District, was at the Grand yesterday try
ing to feel the pulse of the convention
through some of the delegates gathered
about him.
"The convention," he asserted, "will
pass an anti-A. P. A. resolution and an
anti-funding resolution : it will co for sil
ver, though individually I'm a gold man,
and it will simply ignore woman's suffrage.
I am personally opposed to woman's suf
frage, but I'm willing to give the women
a trial. If the women who would intlrest
themselves in politics were all Anna
Shaws I would favor it. If I thought ev
ery woman in this country— good, bad
and indifferent — would take an active part
I would heartily favor equal suffrage, be
cause there is more good than bad in the
world. » -
"The Congressional fight in the First
District will probably bo deferred to some
future time. I have heard a good deal of
talk of running Caminetti against Grove
Johnson in the Sacramento district. The
delegates at large will probably be Steve
White for Southern California, some other
good man from the City here and Torn
Geary from Northern California. Ido not
believe White cares a cent whether his
name is mentioned for President or not.
Gould of Stockton seems to be the strong
candidate for chairman. I see no effective
opposition to him."
The Santa Clara delegation, or that part
of it represented by Chairman Hicks, Sec
retary A. R. Denike, Peter Ball and W. B.
Rankin, say that their county is solid for
Victor A. Scheller, the ex-District Attor
ney, as a condidate for Coneress.
And if Stephen White should care for
the presidency they are solid for him too.
As to the Tnoney question the delegation
does not know where it is. Some are for
gold. Barney Murphy, the San Jose
banker, is their choice for delegate-at
large, but if the convention declares icr
silver that will probably count Barney
out. The chairmanship is a subject on
which the San Joseans do not wish to ex
press themselves, but it seems generally
understood that Santa Clara's twenty
three delegates are not in favor of Gould.
They can all agree, however, that there
should be an anti-A. P. A. resolution.
Santa Barbara's delegates are solidly
opposed to the A. P. A. There is some
talk, also, among them and the other
Southern Califomiansof running Don Car
los de la Guerra of Santa Barbara for
Congress, should George S. Patton of Los
Angeles not care to make the fight against
Cougressman Bowers.
De la Guerra is one of the last of the
proud old Spanish family of that name,
with which much of early romance and
military life of the quaint mission town is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 15, 1*96.
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES LEAVING FOR SACRAMENTO.
Delegates Stanton, Cluuie and Braunhart are seen in the foreground splitting straws over knotty
\ questions.
associated. He is a forcible speaker and
might be relied upon for a solid Spanish
vote.
»
DAGGETT IN THE EVENING.
He Meets Democratic War Horses
and Defines His Position.
There was quite a troop of Democratic
war horses at the Grand Hotel last even
ing. Chief among them was John Dag
gett, Superintendent of the Mint, who
exchange-.! views with Daniel Ostrom of
Yuba, Judsre McGarvey of Mendocino, E.
C. Ivins of San Luis Obispo, J. F. Coonan
and D. I. Allard of llumboldt, M. R. Mer
ntt, chairman of the Democratic commit
tee of Monterey County, and Senator
Sewell of Ukiah.
The ex-Lieutenant-Governor and the
head of the Federal brigade in California
was never more persuasive. He is at
home when he meets the rural Democrats
and explains the peculiar iniquities of
metropolitan politics. Between talks to
delegates Mr. Daggett yielded to an inter
view for The Call
He was asked the plain, straisht-out
question if the administration Democrats
proposed to go to Sacramento and try to
stem the current; of sentiment in favor of
the free coinage of silver. He said: "I
am going to Sacramento at 7 o'clock in the
morning, and you know that there is no
use of holding a convention unless opin
ions on leading public questions are dis
cussed. Xow, I am somewhat averse to
being interviewed becauss I have been
misrepresented by the psesfc, and The Call
has not always stated my position correct-
Jy. lam not an advocate of the single gold
standard, as many people have been told.
lam for bimetallism. Frankly, I can sa/
I am opposed to the free coinage of silver,
and I am going to the convention as a |
State Democrat with the hope that we may
reach a common ground of agreement on
the money question. If the convention |
declares for the free coinage of siiver we j
must accept that declaration. It is a mis- j
FRANK GOULD.
take to suppose that I have interfered in
San Francisco local politics. I have kept
out of the party disputes in this City, but
I do take an active interest in public ques*
tions wherein the Democrats of the State
are concerned. "
Senator Dan Ostrom's gold-headed cane.
a new one massive and handsome, was the
objpet of much admiration. Daggett'seye
gleamed with pleasure when he saw it,
but the Senator hastened to explain that
the cane was a gift from six of his boys on
his last birthday, and had no political sig
nificance whatever on the money question.
"I am for the free coinage of silver," said
Mr. Ostrom to The Call reporter. "You
ought to travel around the State and talk
with the farmers whose homes are mort
gaged to comprehend how deep the feel
ing is on the silver question. Of course, I
know," continued Mr. Ostrom, "that the
money question and the tariff' are not re
sponsible for all the misfortunes of the
producing classe*. The greatest trouble
is that we are taxed to death locally. You
have not yet felt it in the City as we have
in the country, because the City is richer,
but the distress when it does reach the
J City will stay longer. Right here in San
j Francisco you are paying twice as much j
per annum to run your local government j
i aa the amount expended to run the whole i
State for a year under Governor Irwin's
administration."
Diverging from taxes to silver the Yuba
statesman observed: "I cannot see how
John Daggett expects to stem the current
for free silver, which will surely be found
in the State Convention. I do not think
I that he can make any headway against it.
i Everybody that I see is for free silver."
"Do you expect to go to Chicago?"
"Well, that is for the convention to de
cide," responded Mr. Ostrom. "I want to
go, and I believe tiiat I am the only can
didate from the northern part of the
State."
Judge McGarveyof Mendocino was sure
ly delighted to meet his old-time friend,
John Daggett of Siskiyou. The amiable
relations existing between Mendo
cino and Siskiyou have been as
agreeable ds those which tradition
ascribes to the feeling between
North Carolina arid South Carolina. Still
Daggett's persuasive and salad-oil talk
cannot win Judge McGavrey to the gold
standard. "I am unconditionally for sil*
ver," remarked the Judge. "This State
will go for McKinley," continued the
Judge, "if the Democratic Convention at
Sacramento should not declare for tbe free
coinage of silver. Everybody is for silver
up my way. The sentiment is strong
away up in the tributaries of Russian
River.
M. R. Metritt, chairman of the Monte
rey delegation to Sacramento and chair
man of the Democratic Committee of
Monterey County, said: "Our delegation
stands firm for the free coinage of silver."
ALAMEDA'S DELEGATIONS.
Nearly Every Democrat Across the
Bay Packs His Valise.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 14. \
Alameda County will be bereft of nearly
all her Democrats to-morrow night.
Everybody who can see ho's way clear to
settle his hotel bills at the capital is
preparing to-night to leave in the morn
ing. A good many will go who are not
Democrats, but they are lured there by j
the hope that somehow or other there
will bo some free silver there, and that
providence may direct some of it their
way.
Everybody realizes that the conflicts
that have passed are but preliminary to
the real contest. Fitzgerald does not con
sider he is yet beaten in this county, and j
Laymance does not believe that anything j
can disturb him in his position. Every
thing depends on the credentials commit- '
tee, and it is believed that the Daggett |
JOHN DAGGETT.
men are prepared to do something concil
iatory for the purpose of somewhat placat
ing W. W. Foote and his powerful follow
ing. It would not surprise anybody if
Fitzgerald should be sacrificed, even if tha
credentials cpmmittee were not favorable
to Foote. Thi3 would be done by Daggett,
not for the pnrpce of making friends, but
for the purpose of not making more ene
mies.
Although Foote's friends are positive
that he means all he says when ha abso
lutely refuses to be a candidate for chair
man of the convention, there are some
who still hope that be will change his
mind. Thi& is a mistaken hope. Foote is
as definite in his refusal to be a candidate
for chairman as he ever was in his life.
The Englishes, P. E. Dalton and F. J. Mof
fitt do not believe that he wiil waver a
particle. They are confident of his suc
cess, and so expressed themselves to-night.
Frank J. Moflitt, although a hard worker
for Foote and Laymance, has been charged
with being the man who is really fighting
Fitzgerald. It has been said over and
over aeain that he merely got Foote into
the fight to help him pull his chestnuts
out of the fire.
Moflitt and Foote have both flatly con
tradicted this repeatedly, and a conversa
tion with Moffitt rather substantiates his
position. "I am not so much interested
in this fi«ht." said Mr. Moflitt to-night,
"as a good many peeple thiulc I am. 1
worked for Foote and Laymance and did
all 1 couid then, but now they have the
matter in their own hands and I do not
think I shall even go to Sacramento. I
have not a fight on hand at this time and
shall probably stay at home."
There is a significance in the words "at
this time," for it is now a secret no longer
that Frank Moffitt is actually spoiling for
an open fight with the Daegett forces. Al
though he has been waging a bitter war
fare against the Mint man, it has only
been an indirect one, as he was fighting
for others. The only avenue open to
Moflitt to gain his heart's desire is to run
for the nomination for Congress from the
Third District Democratic Convention.
j Although he will not £ive a definite opin-
I ion regarding his Congressional desires, it
' is known that he has said he could have
i the nomination if he wants it, and it is
f generally believed he wants it.
The only thing that seems to oppose
I such a conclusion is his statement to-night
i that he may not go to Sacramento. This,
however, is characteristic of the man. He
never shows his hand till he is called, and
then it is generally found that it is a iull
one. Mr. Foote remarked a few days ago
that if he did not show gratitude to Mof
fitt for all the political fealty the ex-Sen
ator has evinced for Foote he (Foote)
would be recreant in his friendship. This
! practically indicates that Foote would
j help Moflitt to obtain whatever he might
desire. Moflitt, if he makes a fight, will
have the support of Foote, the Englishes,
P. E. Dalton, D. Hirshberg and all their
followers, and, as has been shown, of all
the interior of the county.
He would have to meet all his old an
tagonists. Both Fitzgerald s, John P.
Irish, Daggett, Dam, the Alameda em
ployes of the Mint, would all work against
him, and in such an event the recent
primary would be ake a schoolboy battle
compared to an old-time prize-fight.
Amons those who will go to Sacra
mento to-morrow are: Postmaster White
and his son, William, who has lue creden
tials from the Third Ward, and John Mc-
Donald, who contests the seat and ob-
I tamed the largest number of votes, but
was unseated by the county committee.
McDonald has made no contest openly.
He ignored the ofter to produce evidence
before the committee claiming that it had
no jurisdiction and that tne matter could
only be settled at Sacramento.
A great deal of curiosit y has been evinced
regarding the authorship of the contest
I against the seat of W. W. Foote, filed with
tbe State Central Committee. It is said
! that no one could have filed it but K. M.
I Fitzgerald, and it is not reasonable that
he could have riled it, on the ground that
the County Committee had no authority
to appoint, as he recognized the authority
of the committee by being himself a can
didate for delegate-at-large. As Daggett
has so often asserted that he ha:s no inter
est in the tiglu i:i this county he certainly
is too much of a diplomat to have inspired
openly its filing, and while everybody is
surprised, the most surprised man ox all is
Foote himself.
Little ha 3 been heard of the Alameda
contest, although it is believed that Fitz
gerald, by his corumitteenian from Ala
meda, John T. Flemming, will make a
vigorous fight. Hemming has always
been considered a strong Muftitt man, and
it was a great surprise to Laymance when
he found that Flemming had taken the
necessary step to formulate a contest.
Laymance now has twenty-one votes
and Fitzgerald fourteen. Six are con
tested and all by Fitzgerald. Should the
contestees be seated Fitzgerald will have
twenty and Laymance lilteen, and this
will completely turn the tables. Altogether
there is much to lure the local Democracy
to Sacramento.
THE CHINESE CHILDREN.
A Presbyterian Church Festival for
Tli.mi- Benefit.
The Chinese Presbyterian Church, on
Stockton street, was tilled yesterday morn
ing with a hundred Chinese children and
several hundred Chinese native sons and
daughters.
It was a festival held for tbe special
benefit of the little children, by whom the
service seemed to be appreciated. Rev.
Dr. Condit read a suitable selection from
Matthew. Then came songs by tbe chil
dren, recitations, interspersed with pray
ers and sacred instrumental music. A
closing benediction was pronounced by the
pastor.
Hit Her With a Flower Pot.
William Hoffman, 410 Pacific street, was
booked at the Central station last night on a
battery charge preferred by his wife, Annie
Hoffman. The couple have only been married
two weeks, but the honeymoon has not been
all that could be desired. This was due to the
husband's fondness for other women's society.
The bride of a f ortnigh t remonstrated with him
several times, and yesterday undertook to
give him a general raking down. Hoffman
said something about being "tired," and then
contradicted this by shying a flower-pot at his
wife's head. The vessel caught the bride on
the side of the head, cutting a gash two or
three inches long. Annie's wounds were
dressed in the Receiving Hospital and Will
iam was locked up in the station.
The diamonds in one symbol of the late
Shah's rank are said to weigh nearly
twenty pounds. There is also a jeweled
saber," valued at £320,000. Another thing
that the Shah prized was a silver vase
ornamented with 100 emeralds, whose
equal, it is said, is not to be found in the
world.
It is claimed that unless the demand for
the plumage of such birds as the white
heron, bird of paradise, humming bird and
many other feathered beauties ceases they
will soon become extinct.
When Baby was sick, wo gave her Castoiia.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria,
NEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS.
■ _____ _ — _o_-i— ■ •
200 PIECES
>««-*» _-% _— _ SU I 4 I B— 4 V^
*~ j3 ■ B H B H H m BL j B ._.
jSd^^jF \Jr fl JH. J&wM^f JbL_^^_-X
NOVELTY SILKS!
Brocaded Silks, AGC „ ,
Fancy Colors ------- vv Yard
Worth 75c.
Fancy Figured COC v „
Gros de Londres - - - --- %J Yard
Reduced from 85c.
Fancy Figured Taffetas, (\c\C
Changeable effects - - - - - vvv Yard
Regular Value $1.
Printed Warp Taffetas, n^r
Large designs and black satin stripes, J O Yard
Former Price $1.35.
Fancy Printed Warp $ f nn
Taffetas, Lyons manufacture - - •K*»vfV/ yard
Worth $1.75 and $2.00.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
50 pieces BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK, full
22 inches wide, and extra heavy quality.
75^ Yard
Former Prloe $1.25.
The attention of our patrons is directed
to this sale.
.11, 113, 115. 117, 119. 121* POST STREET.
__ :-> » V. ' ;'.---.: r
. We don't go to the coun-
try, we're here every day.
We will be glad to send
your most trivial want
wherever you are. Give
your home address so we'll
know you. We publish a
big catalogue of prices for
you to order from.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Claret .........gal 35c
3 gals $1
regular 50c.
These wine sales are always suc-
cessful because the wine is good
and buyers have no uncertainty as
to value. .
Johannisberger Riesling
doz qts $4
regularly $5.
From the Norman vineyard on
Howe ll Mountain; an excellent
wine for the price.
Frontier Rye Whisky
.'. .qt9oc
recularly $1 25, full quart. A fine
old medicinal whisky.
Mandarin Nectar Tea. . lb 45c
regularly 60c.
A b'ena of several flavors more
pleasing to most tastes than any
one kind alone.
French Castile Soap. . . .25c
regularly 30c. 7i\;:
Made of olive oil; lots of lather.
Hamamelis
Extract of witch hazel, soothing to
a sunburnt or chapped face ; heal-
ing to bruises. Quick remedy for
quick ills.
regularly qt 50c special qt 40c
regularly pt 30c . . ., . .special pt 25c
regularly }£ pt 20c. special % pt 15c
Sliced Peaches and Apricots
for cream, double the quantity of
ordinary style canned fruits, and
the best fruits are always used for
. slicing. , ,
Flickinger's 3-1 tin, regularly 30c
............:............ 25c
Sterling Metal Polish
.. .. ;■.'. doz 50c
regularly 75c doz. ' ' -
A labor-saving device; may be used
■- by a child. No grease. Polishes
gold, silver, brass aud other metals
or glass.
WEDDINO
tat ions. Announcements, Cards, e"o.. Engraved
an Printed. v. Correct style, low rates. ■ 20 samples
and directions for correct form, modern wedding,
mailed postpaid for 10 cents in stamps. • BRUNT,
Fans PBiNTiifa, 535 Clay St., San Francisco. Cal.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
« v . —OP THE—
MAGDEBURG
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
f\V MAGDEBURG, GERMAN *, ON THE 318T
\J day of December, A. D. 1896, and for the year
ending on that day, as made 10 the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op In
Cash 780,000 00
ASSETS. ..-•
Real Estate owned by Company.... $390,511 35
Loans on Bond and Mortgage. 1,058,176 03
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,267,636 84
Cash in Company's Office 6,179 S3
Cash in Banks. 839,315 97
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and Loans 11,636 54
: Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion. 233,669 23
Due by other Companies for Rein-
surances 779,053 46
Total assets $5,038,678 85
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense. 9457,032 06
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- - ■ ■
ning one year or less , re-
insurance 50 per cent 1,606,719 98
Gross premiums on Fire Bisks run-
ning more than one year ,
• reinsurance pro rata 210,065 87
Cash Dividends Remaining Unpaid. 1,113 50
All Other Demands Against th*
Company 268,219 57
Total liabilities. i 3,573,150"98
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $3,599,321 88
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 49,681 61 }
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, mocks, Loans and
from all other sources . 90,033 94
Received for Rents •;:.*. a 6,493 65
Received for Policy and writing fees. 31,169 43
Received for Gain on Exchange 66,770 26
i Received for Profit on sale of Real
Estate 26,526 44
Total Income.. $3,877.967 29
EXPENDITURES."
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $805,225 41 losses of ,
previous years)....: $2,631,399 12
Dividends to Stockholders 300,000 00
Paid or Allowed for commission or
Brokerage 700,032 66
Paid for Salaries, fees and other -
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . 226,881 26
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 87,865 16
j All other ' Payments and Expendl- ,„' „_'■
turea... 131,550 45
Total expenditures $4,027.528 65
| Fire losses incurred
during the year.. .52,631,399 12
KOBT. TSCHMARKE, President.
E. F. MIETHKK, Secretary.
1 Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th day .
of March. 1896. U. S. Consul at Magdeburg.
JULIUS ilLl'H, U. S. Consul at Magdeburg.
GITTE & FRANK, Managers.
■ 303 California St., S. F.
B— BMfc /a f^M it n I v _M_SMLEiB— 3g— — 1
oppression, niinrn ny
SUFFOCATION, CURED BY
NEURALGIA, Etc., UUIILU UI
ESl'Ati'S -CIUAU_TTKB, OK POWDER.
Paris, J, ESPIC: New York. E. FOUOERA.
& CO. Sold by all Druggists.
OOSMOPOIiITAKr,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Baa
irancisco, Cal The most select family hotel la 4
the city. Board and room. $1, $1 25 and $1 50 pee
day, according to room. Heals -sc. Rooms, jJa
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from toe hoiai.
Loo— for the coaou bearing tha name ol the Co*
toopolitan Hotel. WM. FAHhJ Y. .froprUM*