VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 177.
MURDERED THE WOMEN HE HAD BETRAYED
Pastor Hermann's Record
of Deception and Deeds
of Bloodshed.
PROOF OF HIS GUILT.
His Butcher Knife Found in the
Furnace of Salt Lake's
Desecrated Church.
CHARGED WITH SEVEN DEATHS
Bslieved to Have Slain Two Wives
and the Children That Bore
His Name.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 24.— The Scan
dinavian church, where the murders of
Henrietta Clausen and Annie Samuelson
took place, has been visited by large num
bers of people ever since the horrible dis
covery was made known on Sunday.
No services were held in the church to
day. The human remains, together with
the garter buckle and the belt buckle
which were found in the furnace, have
been so identified that there is now no
doubt that they are those of Miss
Clausen. One of the razors and the
butcher- knife, also found in the furnace,
have been positively identified by Rev.
Mr. Mork as the property of Rev. Francis
Hermann, who is accused of the crime. The
razor is of English make and was brought
from England by Hermann with his other
toilet articles. Several women say the
butcher-knife was the one used in the pas
tor's kitchen.
The remains of Miss Samuelson have
not yet been found, although every hole
and corner of the church has been
searched. The police, however, adhere to
the theory that they are hidden some
where in or about the church and to-mor
row they will commence digging up the
floor of the basement, where they may
have been buried. The grounds around
the church are quite extensive, and in case
the remains are not found in the basement
the grounds will also be dug up.
Another theory is that the pastor, after
cutting the body up, preserved the parts
in a trunk, which he took with him when
he left for Kansas City on May 6.
Miss Samuelson had been living with
the pastor for several months before her
disappearance as nis housekeeper, under
promise of marriage. She was last seen
on February 28. On that day she told her
Mends that <The was sblng to Ogden to be
married to Mr. Hermann on the following
day. The next morning the pastor was in
town as usual, ana told Elder Hansen that
Miss Samuelson had gone to Oeden and
that he did not Know when she would re
turn. She never did return, and it tran
spired that she did not go to O:den at all,
and the chance is that she was murdered
by the minister that night in the church.
When Miss Clauson disappeared in Sep
tember of last year there was a good deal
of talk and inquiry, and some months
afterward Mr. Hermann gave out that he
had solved the mystery of her disappear
ance and stated that he saw her in Butte,
Mont., where she was an inmate of a dis
orderly house. The story was never con
firmed, and there is no doubt, in the light
of recent events, that it was a fabrication.
Miss Samuelson's and a ring have
been found in a pawnbroker's shop, where
they were pledged by Mr. Hermann just
before he left for Kansas City. The police
here have so far no further clew to the
whereabouts of Hermann.
CHARGED WITH SEVEN MURDERS.
Hermann's Record of Crime Rivals That
of Holmes.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 24.— The de-
Yelopments in the church tragedy in this
city lead to the belief that the Rev.
Francis Hermann is a man with a record
of crime little less than the notorious
Holmes. His first wife died in England
under suspicious circumstances. He was
pastor of a Scandinavian church at West
Superior, Wis., in 1890 and 1891, and there
married a highly respectable lady, who in
less than a year died very suddenly with
her two weeks' old baby.
An inquest was held, but nothing be
yond a suspicion of foul play was elicited.
Hermann Boon married again and came to
Salt Lake in 1894 with his wife. Before
long a baby was born and the mother and
child died suddenly a few weeks after
ward.
Then his acquaintance with Miss CJau
eon commenced, and it is charged in the
complaint which has been sworn to by
John Sanson, a member of the church
here, that be murdered and cremated the
body in the heating furnace in the church
basement.
Hermann was engaged to marry Miss
Bamuelson in February of this year, but
she disappeared, and it is charged that he
poisoned her and carved up the body in
the church cellar.
As far as yet discovered it is believed
Hermann has murdered seven persons.
Miss Clauson came to Salt Lake from
Omaha seven years ago. She was a native
Of Sweden and as far as known had no
relatives in this country, but she had
many friends here and was considered a
good and respectable girl. Miss Samuel
son was employed as a nursery governess
in a good family here and left her place to
be married to the preacher. She had an
aunt and other relatives living here and
was a member of Hermann's church.
The church officers say that Hermann
was suspended recently for embezzling
church funds, confessed his guilt in that
regard, and was waiting a hearing before
the annual Methodist Conference. He
was a fine-looking man and very generally
liked. He is represented as having a great
liking for the study of medicine, anatomy
and kindred subjects, and often delivered
disquisitions on the human form.
HER FES WAS SILENCED.
St. Louis Friend* Wondered H li ,, MisM
f law on IMd Jfot Write.
OMAHA, Neb., May 24.— Miss Henri
etta Clauson, the young woman supposed
to have been murdered by Rev. Francis
The San Francisco Call.
] Hermann in the Scandinavian Methodist
Church of Salt Lake, lived in Omaha four
years prior to going to that city. A host
of her friends here have been anxiously
waitine for several months for letters from
her, and not until to-day was any intima
tion received that she had met a violent
death.
Thomas Erickson, a shoemaker, re
membered her well as an active workar in
the Danish-Norwegian Methodist church
at Twenty-sixth and Franklin streets thiß
city, and Miss Tillie Anderson, also living
here, was an intimate friend of the dead
girl, having known her both here and in
Salt Lake.
Miss Clauson, then 20 years of age, came
here from Denmark about nine years a:»o,
and, having no relatives in this country,
lived with a family named Johnson in the
western part of the city. The young
woman suffered ill-health, and at the so
licitation of Miss Anderson, who had gone
to Salt Lake, followed her there. Later
Miss Anderson returned, but Miss Clauson
remained.
A close friendship between Miss Clauson
and her Omaha friends was kept up by
correspondence for the past three years.
After Rev. Mr. Hermann and his wife
moved to Salt Lake her letters frequently
contained allusions to their aid and friend
ship to her.
During the latter part of last summer
the letters from Miss Clauson suddenly
ceased, without any explanation, although
several letters were cent to her. Then, as
! a last effort to reach her during last win
ter, Miss Anderson wrote another letter
j addressed in care of Rev. Francis Her
mann, because it was believed that it
would surely reach her friend. But no
reply came, and at every meeting
of the dead girl's friends at their
church in this city inquiries have been
| made about her. The last beaid was that
she was employed in the southern part
of Salt Lake, and nothing was known of
her keeping house for the Scandinavian
pastor.
LIKED IN WEST SUPERIOR.
Hermann Bore a Good Reputation in the
Wisconsin Tourn.
WEST SUPERIOR, Wis., May 24.— Rev.
Francis Hermann was for three years the
pastor of the First Norwegian Danish
Methodist Episcopal Church in this city.
His reputation here was good, and he was
a conspicuous figure in the Ministers' As
sociation. He was a leader in Scanai
navian social circles, and was well thought
of by all who knew him. He moved from
here to Salt Lake.
KILLED BY THE MAYOR.
Hot Springs' Executive Defends Himself
With a Pocket-
Knife.
HOT SPRINGS, Abk., May 24.— One of
the must sensational killings tb&t ever oc
curred in this city took place last night at
9 o'clock on Whittington avenue, opposite
the Catholic Church. The principals were
W. W. Waters, Mayor of Hot Springs, and
H. H. Martin, a drummer employed by
doctors.
Waters since taking the office of Mayor
has made a bold stand against the dis
repatable doctor-drumming element in
this city and has had many of the drum
mers arrested and heavily fined by the city
court. Martin, who was the recognized
king of these drummers, was arrested sev
eral days ago for drumming without wear
ing a badge and heavily fined by the Po
lice Judge.
Meeting Mayor Waters on the street last
evening Martin stopped him and endeav
ored to get him to remit the fine. This
the Mayor positively refused to do and
started toward his home. Martin followed
and kept abusing him and finally caught
him by the shoulder.
A scuffle ensued, during which the
Mayor drew a Knife from his pocket and
cut Martin in the neck, severing the jugu
lar vein. The latter died in ten minutes.
Mayor Waters immediately gave him
self up to the officers and is now under
arrest. Tom Mathias, a nephew of
Waters, endeavored to separate the com
batants and was severely cut in several
places.
SLAIN FOR HIS STAMPS.
The Murder of a loung French Collector
1-rplained.
PARIS, Frakce, May 24.— 1t is believed
the mystery attending the discovery near
Cherbourg of the body of a young
man in a trunk has been cleared. It
is reported that Joseph Aubert ana Mar
guerite Dubois, who were arrested at Cour
ville with the trunlt in their possession
nave confessed that they killed the young
man, whose name was Delahef, in order to
obtain a collection of postage stamps
which he owned. The collection was
worth $2000.
THE KREMLIN, WHERE THE CORONATION PROCEEDINGS WILL TAKE PLACE.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, MAY 25, 1896.
HOW THE DEMOCRATIC ADMINISTRATION IS RAISING THE NATIONAL DEBT.
CONSECRATING THE
IMPERIAL STANDARD,
Impressive Sabbath Ceremonies
in the Great Kremlin at
Moscow.
SPRINKLED WITH HOLY WATER
The Emblem of the White Czar Pre
pared for the Coronation
C^v.ces. _
"" - -;- - •' -V- T
• / —'— - • ■
— - .£- -~
MOSCOW, Ruf/l, May 24. —At 3:30
o'clock this after/ ■on in the armory in the
i Kremlin took :1 I cc the interesting cere-
I mony of the co I <ration of the imperial
standard. Tiii f> fiidard will be a feat ire
of the corona k>l ' "-•» TiigsUav .the
Emperor- will swear alie^.. .*-*, the col
ors in the C Abedral of the Assumption.
At one end oi the room was a sort of altar,
on which was a golden vessel filled with*
consecrated water. In the entry was a
golden cross, at either side of which were
lighted candles. The standard, hanging
from a staff, was held by a color-bearer,
who stood at the left of the altar.
The Bishops and priests of the Kremlin
cathedrals in gorgeous chasubles of gold
cloth attended by acolytes bearing censers
stood in front of the altar, while at the
right were the imperial male choir from
Bt. Petersburg attired in black and crim
son cloaks. Behind the priests, at a little
distance from them, were the Emperor
and all the mcraberj of the imperial
family, at present at Most*-" , with thtvr
respective suites and ladies of honor.
A 3hort religious service was held com
posed of prayers and responses and an
anthem by the choir. The standard was
sprinkled with holy water and formally
consecrated by the Metropolitan of Mos
cow.
At the end of the service, during the
singing of the famous choir, all of the
members of the imperial family tiled be
fore the altar and kissed the cross in the
hands of the priest who bore it, after
which the standard was taken from this
room into another apartment, to be care
fully guarded until the coronation on
Tuesday.
After the services the Emperor and Em
press drove back to the Alexandra Palace,
escorted by a squadron of cuirassiers.
They received along the entire route the
loyal acclamations of the people.
A grand review of all the regiments was
to have taken piace to-day at noon, but as
it was raining heavily it was decided to
abandon it. Later the rain ceased and the
sun shone brightly.
Large crowds of people continue to ar
rive daily, adding to the great multitude
already here to witness the ceremonies at
tending the coronation.
Services were held in the English Church
to-day in honor of the seventy- seventh an
niversary of the birth of Queen Victoria.
The Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the
former of whom is here as the representa
tive of his mother, the British Queen, at
tended the services, accompanied by t ieir
suites. The Bishop of Peterborough, who
will attend the coronation as the repre
sentative of the Established Church of Eng
land, preached the sermon, a prayer was
offered for the preservation of the Russian
imperial family, \vhen the Czar was men
tioned, a herald uttered his majesty's coro
nation title.
All Declare for Silver.
CHICAGO, 111., May 24.— Democratic
county conventions were held yesterday
in St. Clair, Warren and Perry counties,
all of which declared for free silver.
HEW YORK STILL
LOYAL TO MORTON,
Ex-Senator Platt Says the Gov
ernor Will Have a Solid
Delegation.
LAUGHS AT M'KINLEY'S CLAIMS
Empire State Republicans Regard the
Ohioan as a Dangerous
Candidate.
NEW YORK. N. V., May 24.—Ex-Sena
tor Platt, while talking about the political
situation to-night, said:
"It is now plain that the McKinley man
agers propose to continue to the end their
plan of claiming everything and conced
ing nothing, without regard for facts, a
scheme they have persisted in for many
weeks. Their lieutenants here are deter
mined to aid them just as persistently for
ends and purposes essentially different —
ends and purposes with which Major Mc-
Kinley and his managers have no concern
whatever— and without the slightest con
sideration for any one but themselves;
and this, too, without a thought for the
welfare of the business interests of the
Nation.
"The big men of the country, however,
may confidently rely upon It that their
views will be expressed at the St. Louis
Convention, both as to the maintenance of
the gold standard and as to the nomina
ion of a candidate who can appropriately
DEATH ENDS AN ALASKA CONVENTION RIOT.
stand on a gold platform. New York will
present such a candidate, and the vote of
this State will be cast for him unani
mously.
"I observe that ex-Senator Miller, in an
interview, say? I have no commission to
speak for our delegation on that point. It
is a small matter whether I have or not.
The important thing is as to the fact, and
Mr. Miller will scarcely deny the fact.
"He, for instance, having been elected a
delegate at Governor's Morton's request,
had attended the conference at which it i
was resolved to place Governor Morton in
the field, having been the first man there
to advocate that action and the first man
to proclaim to the world by a formal in
teniew when the conference adjourned,
that he, of course, would be the- Gover
nor's stanchest supporter in the conven
tion. He says I must not speak for him,
but I can certainly recall his record in the j
matter and I can at least express enough \
confidence in his character as a man to j
say that he will keep faith with himself
and make good his promises.
"What is true of Mr. Miller in this re
spect is similarly true of the other dele
gates whether they represent districts or
the State at large. It should be plain to
the public that all this McKinley hulla
buloo in New York is simply so much j
empty sound. It will not affect the vote
at St. Louis of a single New York delegate.
It is a familiar noise. We hear it every
spring and fall. It proceeds from that i
same old crowd of 'antis' who have
been performing in this way these many j
years. And there is not an intelligent
nan who does not know that if the regu- :
lar organization to-day were advocating j
McKinley all these pe6ple would be de- J
nouncing McKinley and declaring him un- |
fit for public station. They don't care a
fig about McKinley; they simply make
use of his name and position to aid their j
conspiracy for the overthrow of the Re- i
publican organization.
"Meanwhile the Republican organiza- '
tion of New York, standing in the inter- !
est of the business community and a sound :
public sentiment throughout the country,
will loyally support the nomination of Gov
ernor Morton and the adoption of a plain, '
unequivocal, direct pledge to tue people
that the gold standard shall be maintained j
and our currency system reformed on i
that basis. It will oppose the nomina- j
tion of McKinley on the ground I
that he is a dangerous and misleading
candidate, whose vctes and speeches show
that he has no settled convictions on the
money question and whose managers have j
endeavored to secure support of one part !
of the country by declaring that he is in
favor of silver, producing in each of such
parts of the country those peculiar por
tions of his record as seemed to sustain
the impression they desired to create in
that particular location."
•
OHIO DEMOCRATS FOR SILVER.
Free Coinage Men Will Control the State
Convention.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, May 24.— 50 far but
Ex-United States Judge John S. Bugbee. the Victim of the Convention Riot at
Juneau.
[Provi a photograph.]
four Ohio Congressional districts have se
lected their delegates to the National Dem
ocratic Convention. In two of these the
free-silver Democrats have carried the day
and selected free-silver men as delegates.
The Twentieth District has chosen two
radical gold-standard men as delegates.
In this district the gold Democrats won in
tne primaries, but it is understood that
one silver and one gold delegate will be se
lected in the convention. In the county
conventions to choose State delegate?,
many of which have now been held, the
free-silver Democrats have generally held
majorities, and as the result it is almost a
foregone conclusion that the Democrats of
Ohio will in their State convention declare
for free silver.
It is reported here that Senator Brice,
who some time ago announced his inten
tion of coming into the State to make c
fight against the free-silver movement,
now sees the futility of it and will make
no opposition to it.
JAMESON'S TELLTALE MESSAGES.
" Tell Rhodes That F. jr. Newton Will
Help as Much as Possible."
PRETORIA, South Africa, May 24.—
The Government of the Transvaal will
issue a green book on Monday containing
fresh letters and telegrams from Lionel
Phillips, president of the reform commit
tee, to Beit and Wernher, expressing
objections to meddling in politics and a
desire to avoid further revolutionary dis
turbance of industry. The book will also
contain a telegram from Dr. Jameson to
Mr. Stevens, secretary of the British South
African Company at Cape Town, saying:
"Tell Rhodes that F. J. Newton will
help as much as possible."
Mr. Newton is Colonial Secretary and
Receiver-General of Bechuanaland. He
was absent at Mafeking at the time of the
raids into the Transvaal.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
Judge Bugbee Stricken by
Apoplexy After a
Fracas.
COLLAPSES AT HIS DESK
His Followers Had Invaded the
Hall and Attempted to
Gain Control.
TWO FACTIONS COME TO BLOWS
Bitter Fight Over the Delegates to
St. Lou s— Bugbae's San Fran
cisco Career.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., May 24.—
Probably nowhere in the United State 3
did the enthusiasm and intense rivalry at
tendant upon the election of delegates to
the St. Louis Convention assume such a
serious air, and with a fatal termination,
as it did in Alaska, a country hitherto free
from all political strife. As a result of a
riot in the Republican convention at
Juneau on May 14, ex-United States Judge
John S. Bugbee, well-known over the Paci
fic Coast, is dead. He was stricken by
apoplexy after a scuffle in the convention,
and just as he was about to be named as
a delegate to St. Louis. His death oc
curred on May 16, he being unconscious
from the time of the attack until the end
came.
Preceding the Republican convention at
Juneau bitter warfare was waged between
two factions— one known as the "squaw"
men and the other as the "aristocrats."
Trie latter included the better element,
and when the former saw that its cause
was a hopeless one it resorted to tactics by
which it hoped to win by force of num
bers.
When the conven tion was called to or
der by the regularly elected chairman,
John G. Heid, there was a rush, and the
opposition, headed by C. S. Blackett, a
well-known attorney, attempted to throw
the gentleman not only from his seat but
out of the window. Heid's friends rallied
around him and a fierce fist fight resulted,
followed by the drawing of many revolv
ers.
The Heid delegation was finally vic
torious, and the convention was continued.
In the interim, however, Bu?bee, in whose
interests the riot had occurred, took a
chair behind another desk and organized
an opposition convention.
In the scrimmage Judge Bugbee, who
was an old man not in the best of health.
had been rather roughly handled, and his
following was horritied to see him sud
denly pitch forward on his desk. A phy
sician was summoned and pronounced it a
case of apoplexy. Bugbee was taken from
the hall, and died two days later without
regaining consciousness.
Another chairman was selected, the
meeting continued and a delegation was
elected to contest at St. Louis the seats of
T. S. Snowell, the well-known mining
man; C. S. Johnson, ex-United States At
torney during President Harrison's term ;
T. R. Needham, editor oi the Searchlight,
and W. A. Kelly of Wrangel— the regu
larly elected delegation.
Judge J. S. Bugbee, the victim of th«
trouble, was probably one of the best
known men in Alaska, if not on the coast.
Prior to his advent into Alaska he was a
resident of San Francisco. His death ia
regretted by all.
A prominent feature of the great con
tention that had preceded the calling of
the convention was the political work of
one George Washington Delamater, known
in Pennsylvania political circles. He was
recently sent to the northern territory, it
is said, in the interests of the Presidential
candidacy of Senator Matt Quay.
John S. Bugbee was well known in San
Francisco, having lived here twenty-five
years. He was a graduate of a Boston
grammar school and studied law in that
city. He came to San Francisco in 1861 to
meet his father, who was then one of the
leading architects of California. The
senior Bugbee built the houses of Leland
Stanford and Charles Crocker.
Some years later the son, John S. Bu"
-bee, was married to an estimable young
ladyof Boston, a sister of Mrs. Sidney M.
Smith. The wedding ceremony was
performed by Dr. Horatio Stebbins. Mrs.
Bugbee went to Alaska with ncr husband
and on her return, about two years ago
delivered a lecture on Alaska at the First
Unitarian Church. She died at the F»bi-2
Ola Hospital in Oakland a year ago. She
was a lady of fine literary attainments.
John S. Bugbee was a good lawyer. As
a pleader he had few superiors. He began
his law work in San Francisco as a man
aging clerk for John T. DoyJe, and was
subsequently admitted to partnership in
firm of Doyle, Barber. Scripture & Bug Lee.
His accurate mathematical knowledge and
his special ability as a pleader made him
a power in the Montgomery avenue. New
Montgomery street and Dupont street
widenine; cases.
In 1885 John Lord Love, then City and
County Attorney, appointed Mr. Bugbee
as a deputy in his office. Mr. Bugbee held
that position for two years.
During the recess in Congress in 1889
Mr. Bugbee was appointed United States
District Judge of Alaska, but the mission
aries made such war on him that the Sen
ate declined confirmation.
Subsequently President Harrison ap
pointed to the office Judge Warren Truitt
of Oregon, and that appointment was ac
ceptable to the Senate.
Two years ago Mr. Bugbee visited San
Francisco to receive the attentions of an
oculist. His vision was impaired and his
eyes were badly inflamed. His health in
this regard was soon restored and he re
turned to Alaska. Since then he was re
ported by dispatches from Alaska to have
organized a company to assist in the set
tlement of the boundary disnutes. He
was elected captain of the company.
Three sons of Mr. Bugbee reside in Cali
fornia. The eldest. Maxwell G., is an
architect in this City. The others are
Winslow and Arthur Bugbee. A daugh
ter, Bessie, is marriea and living in Ore
gon.
John S. Bugbee was 57 years of a*re am:
a native of Nova Scotia. He had in him
the elements which -ender a man popular
among his fellows. He was intellectual,
genial and warm-hearted.
HONK OF THE CONVENTION.
Presidential Preferences and Finance
Omitted in the Platform.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 24.— The steam
ship Al-Ki, which arrived in port this
morning, less than four days out from
Juneau, brougnt the following advices:
The Republican Territorial election was
held at Juneau on May 14, resulting in
the election of Hon. S. C. Johnson and
Thomas Nowell of Juneau as delegates to
the National Republican Convention at
St. Louis. Mr. Johnson was formerly
United States Attorney for Alaska, and
Nowell is probably the most extensive
mine-owner and operator in the Territory,
possessing among other properties the
famous Berners Bay mines. Jud^eAVii
liam A. Kelly of Wrangel, Alaska, and T.
R. R«dham, associate editor of the Alaska
Searchlight, Juneau, were chosen alter
nates.
lhe delegation goes to St. Louis unin-
Btructed as to Presidential candidates, but
stands upon the appended platform, which
is silent upon the money question :
Whereas, The past year has demonstrated
more than ever before the need of representa
tion from Alaska in the Congress of the Cnited
States, and feeiing assured that when these
lacts become known that a speedy remedy will
be given; and, whereas, the isolated condition
of the Territory of Alaska and the great dis
tance from the seat of Government render it
impracticable for Congress to know the condi
tion of the Territory; therefore be it
Resolved. That the development of the conn
try, increase of population and investment ol
capital demand more legislation by Congress,
and we respectfully ask that Alaska be ac
corded a delegate in the Congress of the
V ni ted States to the end that our legislators
may be enabled to act intelligently upon such
legislation as may be needed by the territory.
It is probable that a contesting delega
tion, consisting of C. A. Yuung and C. S.
Blackett, who, according to the Mining
Record at Juneau, are "against McKinley
at all hazards and for Reed if possible"
will go to St. Louis. The Record claims
their selection was brought about by G.
W. Delamater, who a few years " ago
achieved fame and distinction as Senator
Quay's candidate for Governor of Pennsyl
vania.
The Democrats of Alaska have called a
Territorial Convention, to be held at Ju
neau on June 1, for the selection of six
delegates to the National Convention at
Chicago on July 7.
AWFUL TRIPLE MURDER.
Father, Mother and Son Killed
at a Small Town in
Missouri.
Robbery the Apparent Motive — A
Young Man Suspected of the
Crime Is Missing.
AVA, Mo.. May 24.— The whole Sawyer
family, consisting of father, mother and
grown-up son, w* re four.d murdered in
their home, one mile east of this i;lace,
yesterday. Ernest E. Sawyer, the son,
had stab wounds in the throat and right
breast, had both jaws broken, and head
and face beaten to a jelly.
He had been murdered in the barn and
the body dragged to the house. The
skulls of both father and mother were
crushed in. Mrs. Sawyer's left arm was
broken, evidently in trying to ward off a
murderous blow. The three bodies were
piled together under a bed arid covered
with a blanket.
The object of the crime appears to have
been robbery. The Sawyers came here
from Linn County, lowa, last November.
A young man named Perry has been
arrested as the murderer.
CHOSE TO DIE BY FIRE.
A Young Woman Soaks Her Clothes in
Coal Oil and Ignites Them With
a Match.
JEFFERSONVILLE, Ind., May 24.—
Betta Meyer, aged 23, committed suicide
in a horrible manner. She recently came
from Berne, Switzerland, and lived with
her brother-in-law. William Ricnenberger.
Her sister die! lately. This and home
sickness deranged her mind and yester
day she slipped into the kitchen, soaked
her clothing in coal oil and ignited it with
a match. Her brother-in-law tried to tear
the burning clothing from her body and
his hands were almosts t burned off.
A BAPTIST REVIVAL.
Three Big Sleeting* in One Day at An
bury Park, S. J.
ASBURY^PARK, N. J., May There
were three Baptist meetings here to-da,y.
In the morninc the Rev. W. H. Paunce of
New York delivered a sermon before the
American Baptist Publication Society in
the Auditorium. In the afternoon the
American Baptist Missionary Union met
in the Auditorium and were addressed by
the Rev. Georce Sullen, D.D., of Massa
chusetts. In the evening the American
Baptist Home Mission Society conducted
services in the Ocean Grove Auditorium.
The sermon was preached by the Rev. E.
J. Johnson, D.D.
GERMAN ENMITY
TOWARD ENGLAND,
Signs of a Desire for a
Conflict Are Apparent
Everywhere.
NEW TROOPS FOR AFRICA
Colonial Jingoes Highly Elated
Over Credits Voted by the
Reichstag.
EAGER FOR A BOER ALLIANCE-
Dark Days Are Predicted for Great
Britain When the Coronation
Fetes End at Moscow.
BERLIN, Germany, May 24.— The reso
lution which was passed by the Reichstag
last Tuesday granting the Government a
credit of 2,000,000 mark 3 for the purpose of
adding 420 men to the military force in
Ge rraan Southwest Africa met with very
slight opposition. The action of the
House fitted admirably with popular feel
ing and has delighted the colonial jingoes,
who continue diligently to advance their
South African boom. The increase au
thorized by the resolution will give Major
Lentwein, the administrator of affairs in
German Southwest Africa, command of
1000 effective troops, which are regarded
as ample to suppress the rising of the
natives in that territory. The origin of
the outbreak among the natives has not
been officially explained, but the uniform
belief of the colonial party that the rising
was fomented by British intrigue was
given expression during the debate on the
credit resolution in the Reichstag last
Tuesday by a member of the Right, and
the German press in articles on the subject
denounce the English leader; who have
been supplying the natives in Soutii Af
rica with arms for years past.
It is not the prospect of crushing the ne
groes in Southwest Africa, however, that
elates the colonial party in Germany.
The Neueste Nachrichten, wbich is the
foremost of the colonial organs, makes no
concealment of the hopes of the colonials,
and reveals T>erhaps more of the aims of
the Government than are obvious upon
the surface. The paper, after remarking
that there is a community of interests be
tween the Transvaal and German South
west Africa despite the fact that the two
territories are separated by Bechuanaland,
adds that by means of the Jorce of 1000
men, which Major L»utwein will have at
his command, Germany will acquire a po
sition in Southwest Africa, the influence
of which is already felt in Cape Town.
The general situation, the Neueste Nach
richten continues, has undergone a
change, and the Boers now indirectly re
ceive support of which time will plainly
display its effects.
The annual meeting of the German Colo
nial Society will be beid here on May 30,
when a resolution will be submitted prom
ising the support of the German Govern
ment in promoting the neutrality of the
Boer republics as essential to the further
ance of German interests. This expression,
however, will hardly have the effect of eat
isfying the more advanced of the Colonials,
who indorsed the demand of the Neuste
Nachrichten lor the establishment of an
offensive and defensive alliance between
Germany and the Transvaal.
The speech made by Joseph Chamber
lain. British Secretary of State for the Col
onies, upon the occasion of the South Afri
can annual dinner at tne Hotel Metropole
in London Thursday evening, in which he
sharply criticized the action of the Trans
vaal Government in its vindictive treat
ment of the Johannesburg Reform Com
mittee prisoners, is vehemently denounced
by the entire German press, the National
Zeitung expressing regret that President
Kruger should have shown so great a de
gree of magnanimity toward the prisoners.
A great international chess tournament
is to be held at Nuromburg, beginning on
July 20. The first prize will be $500, the
second $375 and the third $-'00, besides
which there will be lour smaller prizes.
AU of the best European chess masters
are expected to be present, and it is hoped
that leading American chess players will
also take part.
American purchasers of German manu
factures are devoting a great deal of atten
tion to the Industrial Exhibition, wnich is
now running smoothly. Several orders
have been lodged by Americans with one
of the largest German firms engaged in
the manufacture of machinery, aggregat
ing 100,000 mark 3. Exhibitors of dry
goods, however, complain of an utter lack
of American orders.
A great deal of interest is being taken in
the Hungarian millennial celebration at
Buda-Pest, to which place it is expected
that a large number of people will go from
Germany during the summer. Reports
received here say that there were more
than 200 Americana in Buda-Pest last
week, the majority of whom went from
there to Moscow to witness the coronation
of the Czar. Before going, however, they
ordered rooms reserved for them pending
their return.
Hon. John Wanamaker of Philadelphia
formerly Postmaster-General of the United'
States, during his recent visit here entered
into negotiations for the purchase of
Munkacsy's latest painting '"Ecce Homo,"
but with what result is not known.
The Khans, trotting-horse owners of
Hamburg, have purchased the American
trocters Bullet and Gloria, and the Beer
man Brothers of Charlottenburg have
bought Dr. Austin and Lucy W. The
horses will go into possession of their new
owners after the close of the West End
races, in which they are entered.
Dr. Inner, Governor of the Marshall
Islands, in the Pacific Ocean, takes occa
sion in a report recently received from him
by the Colonial Department of the Foreign
Office to deny the truth of the attacks re
cently made upon the American mission
aries stationed upon those islands. Dr.
Irraer pays a high tribute to tne maligned
missionaries who, be says, are peaceful
and quietly devoting themselves to Chris
tian work, holding themselves aloof from
all agitation.
A great deal of regret is felt in court cir
cles here at the death of Archduke Karl
Ludwig of Austria, brother of Emperor
Francis Joseph, who died in "Vienna a few
days ago. The Archduke was regarded
here as a thoroughly good, though oy no
means a brilliant, man, and was liked by
all who came in contact with him. It is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
I stated that the illness which caused his
death was ascribed by his physicians to
his drinking of the waters of the river
Jordan, which he did as a matter of re
ligious devotion, upon the occasion of his
recent pilgrimage to Palestine. The water
of the Jordan is by no means pure, and in
the case of the Archduke it had a tendency
to bring on intestinal weakness which
could not be overcome.
An official announcement is made
through the columns of the North Ger
man Gazette explaining that the proposal
in the sugar tax bill empowering the
Bundesrath to reduce or annul the sugar
bounties as soon as other countries tase
the same action is associated with the re
sumption of negotiations with France and
Austria pointing to an agreement to the
gradual abolition of bounties.
France, which has hithereto been the
chief obstacle in the way of trie reduction
or the abolishment of sugar bounties, is
now understood to be willing to assent to
the question of a simultaneous reduction
in an international conference.
The Weser Zeitung of Bremen contends
that the sugar tax bill is not a fighting
measure against bounties, such as the Gov
ernment desired, and that the Bundesrath,
therefore, may allow the measure to die.
A contrary opinion is held in official
circles, where it is contended that the bill
will enable the Government to carry out
its matured designs for an international
abolition of bounties at an early date.
Tlie Whitsuntide holidays began with
perfect weather. The sun shone brightly
throughout the day, and the churches
were filled with worshipers.
The Emperor returned to Potsdam last
evening and the whole imperial family
were assembled, the elder of the young
Princes.Crown Prince William and Prince
Eitel Frederick, having come from Ploen,
where they are at scnool, to join the fam
ily circle.
Excursion trains, crowded| to their ut
most capacity, brought thousands of per
sons to the capital to-day.
The National Zeitung, in an article com
menting upon the coronation fetes at
Moscow, says it is not without anxiety
that England can look toward the imme
diate future. After the fetes are over, the
paper says, the Egyptian question, which j
has been tied up for Russia until the Czar |
is crowned, will become acute umier
Franco-Russian pressure.
TO VOTE FOR A BISHOP,
The Next Business of Importance
Beiore the M. E. Con
ference.
Colored Delegates Will Make a Fight
for the Selection of One of
Their Race.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, May 24.—T0-mor
row morning the Methodist conference
will proceed to ballot for a successor to
Bishop Taylor of Africa. The vote will be
taken at half-past 9 o'clock.
It is on this election that the color line
will be most sharply drawn, as the colored
delegates are determined to do ail in their
power to elect one of their number to the
position, preferaby Dr. W. J. E. Bowen,
president of the Gammon Theological In
stitute at Atlanta.
Another colored man who is being con
sidered for the place is Dr. H. A. Munroe,
who heads the delegation from the Dela
ware conference. His friends urge that
he has the necessary experience, having
been a member of the board of managers
of the missionary society for years and
that he has sufficient age to warrant his
selection.
About the only white candidate is Rev.
Dr. Harizeii of Louisiana, who has been
for some years secretary of the Freedraen's
Aid and Southern Education Society. Dr.
A. B. Leonard has been spoken of, but it
is not thought that he would accept the
place.
When this matter is out of the way
there remains one matter of grave im
portance to be disposed of. Dr. Buckley
will inaugurate and lead a fight to make
the college of bishops co-ordinate in power
in India with Bishop Thoburn. The bel
ligerent littie "Methodist Pope" seems to
"have it in" for the missionary Bishops,
and lie will try to hold the whip over the
Bishop of India as he does over the college
bishops at home. It was due to him that
the conference decided to ignore Bishop
Thoburn's request for another Bishop for
India.and it was due to him that a Bishop
was refused for the South American field.
CAROLINE STUTE EXPLOSION.
four Persona Burned to Death and One
Injured for Life.
CHICAGO, 111., May 24.— Four people
were burned to death and one injured for
life by a fire which occurred this morning
at 148 Townsend street. At that number
lived Otto Malm with his wife and three
children. At 8 o'clock this morning Mrs.
Malm was preparing breakfast on a gaso
line stove, wtien the gasoline exploded and
set tire to the Duilding. The structure was
of wood and the family were all on the
becoud floor in bed with the exception of
Mrs. Malm. The fire spread rapidly aim
cries of aeony from the burning people
was the first warning that outsiders had of
the tire. Before the fire department re
sponded to an alarm Otto Malm, the
father, was burned to death. The chil
dren, Otto, aged 8, Allen, aged 3, and
Hilya, aged 6, were taken out alive, but
died a few hours later at the hospital.
Mrs. Malm will recover.
DESPONDENCY AND HEATH.
An County Treasurer End* His Lift
at St. Pawl, Minn. '-•-':
ST. PAUL, Minn., May 24.— Andrew N.
Nelson, for four years Treasurer of this
county— from 1891 to 1895— was found un
conscious in his office in tne Schutte block
at 4 o'clock this morning. Physicians
were summoned and discovered that he
had taken a large dose of morphine, ap
parently with suicidal intent. He was re
moved at once to St. Joseph's Hospital,
where shortly after noon he revived to
such an extent that it was believed that he
would recover. At 3 o'clock, however, he
began to sink rapidly, and ten minutes
later he died. Ever since he went out of
office he has been discouraged and finan
cially embarrassed. He was a leading
Democrat and came to this country from
Sweden twenty-two years ago.
'Three Person* l>r owned While Boating.
OAK HARBOR. Ohio, May 24.—Hugh
Conroy and Steve Janssen, aged about 25,
and Mrs. Mary Janssen, the wife of the
last named, were drowned in the lake
near here this afternoon by the upsetting
of their boat. Conroy was partly intoxi
cated and persisted in rocking the boat.
Engagement Announced.
ROCKFORD, 111., May 24. — The en
gagement of C. W. Saalburg, the well
known cartoonist of New York, to Miss
Grace Gove of this city, a prominent
young lady socially, and who has more
than a local reputation as a clever song
writer, is announced. Mr. Saalburg is at
present visiting here.
Hetty Green to Invest.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., May 24.— A well
dehned report reached this city yesterday
that Mrs. Hetty Green will buy in the
Little Rock and Memphis Road at the
foreclosure sale of that road. It will bo
come a part of the Texas Midland line.
KANSAS VILLAGE
TORNADO-SWEPT,
La Fontaine's Two Hundred
People Are Practically-
Homeless.
MANY PERSONS INJURED
Hail and Rain Accompany the
Wind, Destroying All
Vegetation.
FARMS LAID BARE OF CROPS.
The Area of the Stricken District Is
Estimated at Seventy-Five
Square Miles.
NEODESIIA. Kans., May 24.— A tor
nado passed through the western part of
this county early yesterday morning. La
Fontaine, a village of 200 souls, was almost
destroyed. Two business houses, the Mis
souri Pacific depot and' the Christian
church were wrecked, and almost every
house in the village was damaged. A
score of farmhouses north, east and west
were destroyed. Aaron Edwards, a farmer,
was fatally injured, and many others
severely hurt. The aggregate loss on
buildings and property is $25,000. Hail
and rain accompanied the wind and de
stroyed every vestige of vegetation. The
damage to crops is incalculable. The area
of the damaged district is about seventy
five square miles.
TERRIFIC CLOUDBURST IN IOWA.
Tract: i and Bridges Swept Attay and
Streams Heroine Ulcers.
MARSHALLTOWN, lowa. May 24.— A
terrific cloudburst Between this city and
State Center swept away nearly a mile of
Chicago and Northwestern track, doing
great damage to growing crops and other
property. Linn Creek, a small stream
flowing through the. southern portion of
Marshalltown, suddenly became a ram
pant river. Bridges were swept away and
large piles of lumber were carried down
the stream. Only small buildings were
wrecked, but the damage to property will
be considerable.
ARMS FGR THE YAQUIS.
Americans Said to Be Supplying the Mex
ican Insurgents — Ranch Employes
Massacred.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 24.— A special
from Hermosillo, Mexico, says: Advices
have just been received by the Govern
ment authorities here of an alleged ship
ment of rifles, pistols and ammunition
from the United States to an American
named Morris at Elijos, a small town
below here. It is said Morris delivered
the guns and ammunition to the- Yaqui
Indians, and the latter are preparing for a
more vigorous warfare against the Mexi
can settlers than ever.
A band of about 100 Yaquis attacked the
ranch of Manuel Jernia, near Sarinposo,
and killed four ranch employes and burned
all the buildings. A large force of Federal
troops are in the turbulent territory and
have had a number of skirmishes with the
Indians.
RENERFATION OIL WELLS.
O»age Indians to Jteetive a Royalty on
the Output.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 24.— During
the last week there has been consum
mated the biggest oil lease made in rvcent
years. After negotiations extending
tnrough two years, the Phoenix Oil Com
pany of West Virginia has secured a long
lease on land in the Osage Indian reserva
tion, comprising over 1,800.000 acres. Ar
rangements have been made to begin
■inking wells at once.
A few months a«o the Osage Indian
Council finally gave assent to the lease,
and the con tract was prepared and exe
cuted after the Indiun Affairs Department
at Washington had been consulted and the
Indians assured aroyaity on the output of
any wells that might be struck.
FREAKS OF AN HEIRESS,
The Runaway Girl From Ston
ington, Conn., Is Found
in Montreal.
Had Worked in a Boarding-House as
a Servant— Her Dread of an
Insane Asylum.
MONTREAL, Quebec, May 24.— Maud
C. Williams, the millionaire heiress,
whose mysterious disappearance from
Stonington, Conn., caused so much
anxiety to her friends, has been located
here and will be taken back to her home.
Last night a girl answering Maud Wil
liams' description came up from Quebec
by train. Train-ufcuatcher Dunn of the
Canadian I'acilic Railway noticed her and
h uving read a description of the mi=sin?
woman in the papers came to the conclu
sion she was the person referred to. She
had in her possession a card giving the
address of the place in Montreal to which
she desired to go and Dunn noticed it.
Later a lady put in an appearance, prov
ing to be Mrs. Montgomery of tue Shelter
ing Home, and took her away. Mr. Wil
liams, brother of the missing girl, who ar
rived here a few days as;o in search of His
sister, on being luformed that she was
found, drove to the home. The fcirl made
frantic efforts to escape when she saw the
cab driving up and cried: "For God's
sake do not let them in, or they will put
me in an insane asylum for life.' :
She then made an effort to escape
through the window, but was prevented
by the matron. She finally consented to
see her brother and the meeting was an
affecting one. She afterward consented to
return home. In giving her own story she
said she came to Montreal, giving her
name as Jessie Barclay. Saiu she:
"My object was to obtain a situation and
earn sufficient money 10 go elsewhere. I
nrst obtained employment in a boardinf
house as a general servant. After a week
1 earned enough to go to Quebec, when
my money became exhausted and I fell
ill. I fortunately fell into tne hands of
some Christian ladies, who took care of
me, to whom 1 cave the name of Jessie
White."
Mr. Williams was very much affected by
the appearance of his sister, who he
claims is only a shadow of her lormer self.
Indiana* Oldest Htaident Dead.
VINCENNEB, Inp., May 24.— Daniel
Frederick, aged 107, is dead. He was born
and raised in this couiuv and was the old
est resident in the State.
ON THE OTLMOND.
St. Louis, Cincinnati and Chicago Win
Sunday (iatnes.
ST LOUIS, Mo., May 24.-A very close
game, in which both pitchers were in
splendid form, resulted in a victory for the
Browns to-day. The hits of Daub were
made at opportune times, while the Brook
lyns could not hit the ball when hits were
needed A decision giving the Brooklyns
their first run in tb« sixth inning was
grossly incorrect. Attendance 4000. Score:
n f " 1^ Ul " 20 000100»-3 6 2
Brooklyns 0000 O2 0 0 O— VJ 6 1
Batteries— Donahue and McFarland; Daub and
Grim. Implre— Hurst.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 24.— The home
team kept up its record of winning Sun
day games by shutting out the Louis
villes to-day. Rhines and Foreman were
almost invincible, while Frazier wae hit
hard. The Kentuckiuns fielded loosely
and played and batted like amateurs.
Rhines had a finger broken in the fifth
inning while attempting to stop a liner
and was left at home when the team went
East to-night. A large delegation of
rooters came up from Louisville with the
team. Attendance 10,000. Score:
Cincinnati 11 0 211 10 0 *-6 11 1
Louißvilles 000000000-0 4 2
Batteries— Rhines. Foreman and Peitz; i'razler
and Warn-r. Umpire— Keete.
CHICAGO, 111., May 24— The Colts
closed the spring season on the home
grounds with a victory over the Senators
in a fine ten-inning contest that caused the
create.it excitement. It was replete with
the finest kind of plays, the most sensa
tional of which was a remarkable one
handed catch of a hot liner by Reily in the
eighth. The score:
Chiragos 0 00010020 I—4 9 1
Wu«hinetons o 10010001 o— a 6 6
Batu-ries— Friend and Kittridue: Uorman, King
anil ilctiulre. Umpire, sher.dan.
The Prix de Diane Winner.
PARIS, France, May 25.— The race for
the Prix de Diane was run at Chantilly to
day and was won by M. Maurice de
(ieliest's bay filly Liane, by Gournay, out
of L'Etoile. M. Achille Fould's Riposte
was second and M. H. Say's Aunt Mime
third. Fourteen horses started.
H.tyitßALL CHASIPIOXSHIP.
Casey and Dunne Win the First Game
J-'rotn Carney and Kc-g<m.
CHICAGO, 111., May 24. — Casey and
Dunne of Brooklyn, N. V., defeated Car
ney and Keegan in three out of the five
games of handball in this city to-day. The
games were the first of a series of eleven
for $1000 a side and the championship of
♦-he' world. The other yix tames will be
played in New York June 14.
COURSING AT TOO PARKS
Lady Clifton Won the Sapling
Stake at Ocean View
Yesterday.
Magnet Took First Prize at Ingleside,
Fireczi Bsing the Run
ner Up.
Fair crowds attended both of the cours
ing parks yesterday, the tine weather
bringing out many veteran followers of
the leash who failed to attend during the
cold and rainy Sundays of the winter.
At Ocean View Park a sapling 6take
divided interest with the ola-dog stake,
and on this particular event the betting
was particularly heavy. Thirteen high
class pups were entered, each owner hop
ing to gain the silver cup that went with
the first cash prize.
The honor of having her name inscribed
on the trophy went to M. O'Connor's Lady
Clifton, a smart and fast black bitch, by
Lord Clifton-Rockette who displayed
great speed and worked close enough to
satisfy the most fastidious. Lord Clifton
is the blueblooded Eastern dotr imporied
by Martin Kerrigan about a year ago, and
Rockette is a sister of West Side, whose
performances have been very creditable.
Lady Clifton is one of the first of Clif
ton's progeny old enough to start, and her
performance augurs well for the stock.
Th* runner-up, Nellie Gray, is a remark
ably fast and true worker, but lacKs devel
opment and therefore staying qualities,
and will probably be beard from later on.
The hares ran well, and with few excep
tions the decisions of Judge Canavan and
the leash work of Slipper Cranston gave
general satisfaction.
Following is the run-down of the sap
ling stake:
W. D. Murphy's Clifette beat E. Prender
gast'B Babe Murphy, T. Mahoney's Nellie Gray
beat Villa keunei's Clifton 11, E. Casserly's
Princess Diana beat G. Foley's Controller, W.
M. Welches Sarstield boat S. Newman's Red
Chief, M. O'Connor s Lady Clifton beat J.
Qnane's Young Clifton, E. Campbell's Cock
tail beat M. Welches White Boy, Direct a bye.
First ties— Nellie Gray beat Clifette. Sarsneld
beat Princess Diana, Ludy Clifton beat Direct,
Cocktail a bye.
Second ties— Nellie Gray beat Sarsfield, Lady
Clifton bent Cocktail.
Final— Lady Clifton beat Nellie Gray.
Prizes— sls, $10, $4, fi.
The all-aged stake resulted as follows:
D. Toland's Twilight beat J. Murphy's Red
Light, J. J. Edmonds' Vida Shaw beat C.
Evans' Dashaway, Villa kennel's Electric, beat
J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy, J. T. Hannon's
Marguerite beat T. Walton's Bobolink. W. D.
Murphy's Fireman beat S. Lehman's Nellie,
C. I) Chillas' Happy Day and M. Casserly's
California Violet a bye.
First ties— Twilight beat Vida Shaw, Electric
beat Marguerite, Fireman beat California Vio
let, Happy Day a bye.
Second ties— Electric beat Twilight, Fireman
beat Happy Day.
Final— Electric beat Fireman.
Prizes, $ 'J7, $17, $7, $7.
On Sunday next a stake at $1 entrance, to
which the management will add $20, will
be run. The drawing will take place at
Pythian Caslle, 909 Market street, on Thurs
day evening. As the Interstate Club will
hold a meeting at Injrleside on Saturday
and Sunday, in which only members'
clogs will be permitted to enter, a large
stake is looked for at Ocean View. It has
not yet been decided whether or not cours
ing will be held on Saturday— Decoration
day— but announcement will be given in
Saturday's Call.
The tunning at Ingleside yesterday re
sulted in a winning for Joe Trade's speedy
Magnet, who carried off the first prize
with ease. Laurel Leaf was expected to run
into the money, but was lost (last week
and only recovered on Saturday through
an advertisement in The Call, so that
she was not in good shape for running.
Following is the result of the rundown :
~J. Moflat' 8 Molly Bacon beat T. Trau Trilby,
T. Tram's Applause beat A. Merrill's Hand
spring, W. Perry's CooraasEte beat P. Reilly's
Jimmy Rlx, Dillon & Reilley's Queon B beat J.
Grace's Roll Along, J. O'Shea's Tulwmore beat
J. R. Dickson's Camilla, J. Byrnes' Mohawk
beat A. Merrill's Snow Bird, T. Cronin'* Rosa B
beatW.Dal ton's Riley Grannan. J. O'Shea's Fear
less beat J.Mizzner's Typewriter, T. Buyer's
Susie beat C. Grlgwold's Little Tom, Valley
kennel's Gold King beat Mission kennel's
Uncle Jim, J. McCormlck's Rapid beat Potrero
kennel's Lorine, G. Buehn's Belle Roche, beat
A. Moore's Monitor, J. O'Shea's Firenzi
beat A. Moore's Corte Madera, J. Dean's
Lexington beat W. Daltoi»'s Napoleon
Jack, Mission kennel's Captain Jim beat
J. McCormack's Parnell, S. E. Portal's Laurel
Leaf beat J. Byrne's Jo« Bowers, A. Merrill's
Ben Brush beat P. Reilly's Wee Nell, J. Hag
gerty's Magnet beat W. Dalton's Sally Mc-
Clellau.
First ties— Applause beat Molly Bawn, Queen
B. beat Coomasbie.Tullermore beat Mohawk,
Rosa B beat Fearless, Gold King beat Susie,
Rapid beat Belle Roche, Firenze beat Living
ston, Captain Jim beat Laurel Leaf, Magnet
beat Ben Brush.
Second ties— Queen B beat Applause, Tulla
more beat Rosa B, Gold Kins: beat Rapid,
lirenzi beat Captain Jim, Magnet a bye.
Third Tullamoru beat Queen B, Mag
net beat Gold King, Firenzi a bye.
Fourth ties— Firenzi beat Tullamore, Magnet
a bye.
Final— Magnet beat Firenzi.
Prizes— $20, $15, $7, $7.'. ;
PRISONERS AT
PORT TOWNSEND,
Captain and Mate of the
Ship Benjamin Sewell
Arrested,
CRUEL TO THEIR MEN.
The First Officer Accused of
Causing the Suicide of
a Sailor.
TOETURED WITHOUT BEASON.
William Mau Jumps Into the Sea to
Escape From His Brutal
Tormentor.
PORT TOWisSEND, Wash., May 24—
Mate William Smith of the American ship
Benjamin Sewell was la^t ni-ht bound
over by Commissioner Swan to the United
States District Court in the sum of $2300
bail, in default of which Smith is confined
in the County Jail here. The charge
against Mate bniith is cruelty to a sailor,
who jumped overboard and was drowned
as a result of Smith's abuse and inhuman
treatment of him.
The story told by seven sailors who
testified against Mate Smith was to the
effect that on January 6 last, at 4 o'clock
in the morning, on a voyage from Port
Townsend to Shanghai, the mate went on
deck to stand his watch and found Wil
liam Mau, a German sailor on watch,
wearing a coat. With an oath, Smith
ordered Mau to take off the coat, telling
him that no one but the mate was allowed
to wear a coat on that ship. Mau obeyed
the order, but was not quick enough in
his movements to suit Smith, who seized
a belaying-pin and struck Mau over the
head with it three or four times, then
NEW TO-DAY.
4- SZ-. ♦
rfSSooo5 > | <
Crowned By All Nations.
People of all nationalities have crowned us the lead-
ing clothiers of the Pacific Coast ; oldest, best equipped
and most willing to sell trustworthy goods at low prices.
But we want to place crown upon crown.
3 SPECIAL CORONATION DAYS— Monday, Tues-
day, Wednesday — will offer such inducements that
the masses cannot fail to crown us Kings of High-
quality — Low-price sellers. Look at the prices :
$s.so Men's All- Wool Suits of the season's latest
patterns ; excellent trimmings and workmanship. Will
cost you $8.50 and $10 elsewhere for greatly inferior
goods. Our "Coronation Price" — $5.50.
$2.50 — Boys' All- Wool Combination Suits ; ages 8 to
15 (including extra pants and Golf Cap) ; elsewhere,
not as good, $3.75. Our "Coronation Price"— s2.so.
Men's and Boys' Fedora Hats; all the correct shades and
styles— Hatter's price $1.50; our "Coronation Price"— 7s cents.
Men's -Stanley" Shirts, neat fancy patterns; collars and
cuffs attached ; usual price $1.25; our "Coronation Price —
75 cents.
Men's All-Wool Sweater^, 3 shades; price elsewhere $2 1
our "Coronation Price"—
Boys' Odd Knee Pants, ages 4- to 15—25 cents.
Fauntleroy Blouses— 4O cents.
ROOSBROS.,
27-37 Kearny Street.
Send for Catalogue and Samples and Order by Mall.
— — _ ; _ .
H£l J^rCJ faSi IVIrtllBIUUL? IlklJ I UsSS»WVnallzer.Uiepreacrlp.
QW <J5! Rf BSX iEI* e£ tlon pt a famous French physician, will quickly core yon of all ncr«
Ilfi^s^k MANHOOD RESTORED J2EE2E
1W -%yf. <5f Iffm 'Ss' ex tionoi a famouaFrench physician, will quickly cure you of aU ncr»
VIV '-\llr - FT vous or diseases of the generative organ*, such m tost Manhood.
H^i Gml V* _>Of Insomnia, Pains In the Back, Seminal .Emissions, Nervous Debility,
IB \ sV^L T <aPw Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains Varieoeele and
fm \c W V ~~^7 Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
Eg %*_/ \o»*j»/ nessol discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
Hpr mot- " . >rrra all the horrors of Impotency. CVPIDEXE cleanses the liver, tnt
KjotruMt AND ArTfcrl kidneys and the urinary organs of all Impurities.
"■ CCPIDEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are tronbled wHl|
Pro* tat it I*. CDPIDENE is the only kno*n remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testlmonU
als. A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cut*
|UX> a box, six for $5.00, by mall. Bend for frbs circular and testimonials.
" Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by .
a. v*. axx*» BROOKS' PHAKMACY. 119 Powell BUM*.
knocked him down with a capstan-bar and
struck him with his fists, bruising Mau'a
eyes.
The morning was bitter cold, and Smith
suddenly took a notion to warm Mau. He
ordered another sailor to bring on all the
clothes he could find, and made Mau pot
them on, finally having a big sheet of can
vas wrapped around the fellow. Then he
ordered Mau to get up and dance and sing
on deck, telling him he did not want him
to freeze. Mau obeyed as best he could,
and a few minutes later, when Mate Smith
went below after breathing more threats
against Mau, the latter quickly stepped to
the side of the ship and jumped over
board, never being seen afterward.
Captain Sewell and Mate Smith of the
Sewell are also under arrest on a charge of
extreme cruelty toward a sailor named
Francis while on the last voyage from
Shanghai to Port Townsend. The hear
ing in this case will be held on Tuesday.
The ship Benjamin £. Sewell has a bad
reputation among sailors, being classed as
one of the hottest vessels in the deep-water
trade. She generally has much trouble in
shipping a crew, and her officers are sin
gled out for special attack in the "red rec
ord." Mate Smith regarded the matter
very lightly when arrested yesterday, and
when asked by Commissioner Swan last
evening if he had read the complaint, he
waved his hand and jokingly said he did
not consider it worth reading. Captain
Sewell listened to the reading of the com
plaint against him and said with a smile:
"Well, now, that's pretty serious, isn't
it?"
Both of them were more serious at mid
night, when Smith was bound over by the
Commissioner.
THE ENNENAUA STEANDED.
A. Mishap That Interrupted Weyler's In
spection Trip.
MADRID, Spain, May 24.— A dispatch
to the Imparcial from Havana says that
the cruiser Ensenada, which left Havana
Friday with Captain-General Weyler and
his staff on board, their intention being to
make a brief inspection of the troops and
defenses on the northwest coast, stranded
in the afternoon at Cabanas, a short dis
tance to the westward of Havana. Tugs
were sent to her assistance. General Wey
ler and his staff were transferred to an
other vessel. The damage to the cruiser
is not serious.
Prime Minister Conovas del Castillo has
announced that the United States had not
formally protested against the decree of
General Weyler forbidding the export of
tobacco from Cuba, but had inquired as to
Spain's intentions regarding existing con
tracts. These contracts, the Prime Min
ister adds, will be respected.BENICIA'S AGED
PRELATE ILL
Venerable Bishop Wingfield
Suffers a Stroke of
Paralysis.
HE IS NEAR TO DEATH.
Deprived of the Use of His Left
Side and but Partially
Conscious.
MOURNING IN HIS DIOCESE.
Dr. Williamson, the Invalid's Physi
cian, Can Give hut Slight
Encouragement.
BENICIA, Cal., May 24.— J. H. D.
Wingneld, Bishop of the Northern diocese
of California for the Episcopal church,
Buffered a stroke of paralysis last night
and is in a precarious condition. Dr.
Williamson, the Bishop's physician, re
ports that his patient is in great danger,
but hopes that the iron constitution of
the ecciesiast will be able to combat his
malady.
All day long the Invalid has hovered be
tween life and death. To-night Dr. Wil
amson could give but little encourage-
Bishop J. H. D. TTingfleld, Stricken With Paralysis at His Benicla Horn*.
[From a recent photograph.]
ment. He said there was no change in
the patient's condition for either better
or worse. His entire left side was par
alyzed, bat partial consciousness had re
turned and no complications had as yet
developed. He reported that the Bishop
had for some time been threatened with
paralysis, and consequently the attack
was not unexpected. Dr. Williamson
bases his slight hope of saving the Bishop's
Jife on the care the invalid has taken of
himself for the last few years.
Special services were held in the Episco
pal church and a general regret is ex
pressed in the community by all classes
because of Bishop Wingfield's illness.
WAR ON THE COLUMBIA,
Non-Union Fishermen Attacked
and Roughly Handled Near
Oak Point.
More Than One Man Found to Have
Been Killed in the Recent
Battle.
ASTORIA, Ob., May 24.— The non-union
men engaged in fishing near Oak Point
were set upon by a number of members of
the Columbia River Fishermen's Protective
Union to day and severely handled, their
boats being wrecked and turned adrift,
their nets cut and the men themselves left
on a rocky point jutting out into the river
from which they could not escape unless
assisted by parties passing down the river.
Just as darkness set in about 200 union
men congregated near Eureka, with the
evident intention of committing some act
of hostility, either toward the canners in
that vicinity or toward non-union men.
It is known that the steamer Alarm,
used as a cannery tender for the Cook
Packing Company, is near Oak Point with
twenty tons of salmon on board, and it is
thought the fish may be seized and de
stroyed.
From hints dropped by the fishermen it
is now absolutely certain that Searcy was
not the only fisherman killed in the recent
melee a few miles above this city. It is
believed that at least one of the attacking
party was killed and several wounded.
Searcy's partner, Jewell, who escaped
with slight injuries, states that when he
fired his shotgun more than one man
dropped, and that Searcy was that in the
forehead as he was reloading his eun.
Searcy and Jewell had no weapons, save
shotguns loaded with buckshot, while the
attacking party was armed with rifles.
It is thought that the end is not yet, and
that unlehS a compromise i.s quickiy ef
fected between the canners and fisfiermen
encounters of a more serious nature are
unavoidable.
The officers of the union express deep
regret that bloodshed should result from
the strike, but declare they are unable to
prevent individual members from commit
ting lawless acts.
TRAGEDY AT RUGENE.
Farmer Cottle Kndt Hit Life With a
Rifle Hull ft.
EUGENE, Oh., May 24.— People on the
etreets here were startled last night by the
report that C. H. Cottle had shot himself.
Cottle lived on a small farm about two
miles northwest of Eugene.
He had been in town after his daughter,
and returned home a little after 7 o'clock.
After being home for a half hour, the
daughter and Mrs. Cottle heard the report
of a <run in a workshop back of the housf.
Going to investigate, the daughter found
her father prostnite upon the floor. She
alarmed the neighbors and several men
responded, but they came too late.
Cottle had deliberately taken his own
life, using a 32-caliber rifle, which he still
held in his hands. He had lain down
upon the floor, with his bead on some
Racks, and holding the muzzle of the rifle
with his leit hand against his forehead
over the right eye pulled the trigger with
the right hand.
The bullet crashed through his head.
The only cause for the act, as far as can be
learned, was melancholy and despondency.
He was a severe sufferer from
iliness at times. He had no do
mestic troubles, living happily with his
wife and daughter: neither had he any
business troubles. He was a member in
good standing of the Odd Fellows and A.
O. U. W. lodge of this city. He was a
brother of H. W. Cottle of the State In
surance Company of Salem.
SUICIDE YEAR ALMA.
Charlet Bernard Bndt Earthly Care by
Cutting Hit Throat.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 24.— Charles Ber
nard, a woodchopper, was to-day fourd
dead in his cabin on the top'of the Santa
Cruz range, a few miles above Alma. The
finders did not make an investigation,
but from appearances it was judged that
Bernard cut hia threat. A Coroner's in
quest will be held to-morrow.
Bernard was about 40 years of age. He
recently served on juries at several in
quests upon suicides in that neighborhood,
and at the last inquest, held only three
weeks airo, declared that he would never
commit suicide. No cause for the act is
known.
SANTA CLARA VALLEY FRUIT,
Campbell Growers Ship a Carload to the
Belgian Market.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 24.— There is no
demand for dried fruit, and the market re
mains unchanged. There are about
twenty carloads of dried fruit in the vari
ous exchange warehouses, and this will all
be in the channels of trade before the
new crop comes in.
The indications are that there will be
an average crop of prunes, with apricots
light in some places, and peaches light.
The recent rains did some damage to
ripening cherries, causing them to become
soft and rot. The cherry crop is light, but
very good prices are quoted.
Offers of 6 and 7 cents per pound have
been make for Royal Anne cherries.
During the past week the Campbell
Fruit-growers' Union shipped a carload of
dried prunes to Brussels, Belgium.
Memorial Day Service*.
BAN JOSE, Cal., May 24.— The citizens'
committee in charge of the Memorial day
celebration is meeting with much success.
Already a sufficient sum has been raised
to defray the necessary expenses. The
graves of veterans in the cemeteries will
be decorated in the morning. In the aft
ernoon there will be a parade, with over
1000 school children in line. Literary ser
vices will be held in the evening.
Won by San Jote.
BAN JOSE, Cal., May 24.— The San Jose
Baseball Club defeated the Reliance Club
of Oakland in a hotly contested game at
the Garden City Cyclers' Park this after
noon by a score of Bto 7. The score was
tied four times, and it was not until the
ninth inning that the winning run was
made.
Stole front Hit Parentt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 24.— William En
derlin, a 17-year-old boy who is wanted in
Healdsburg for petty larceny, was arrested
in this city last night by Detective Ander
son. He will be taken to Healdsburg to
morrow. It is said he stole some jewelry
from his parents.
Bateball at Benieia.
BENICIA, Cal., May 24.— An exciting
game of baseball was played at the Benicia
Barracks between a nine from the Marine
Guard of Mare Island and soldiers from
barracks. The former won by a score of
22t012.
LATE ARRIVALS AT THE COLLEGE MEN'S CAMP AT CAZADERO.
[Sketched by a" Call " artitL]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
OR. STEBBINS TO
STANFORD SENIORS,
An Eloquent Baccalaureate
Address by the Noted
Speaker.
LOVE FOR THE CREATOR.
He Urges Faith in the Deity
Though Affliction Mingles
With Life's Joys.
RELIGION A BALM FOR EVILB.
No Human Mind Can Comprehend the
Bitterness of the Despondent's
Existence.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
—4. — The Stanford University Chapel was
jammed to-day with an audience anxious
to hear the baccalaureate address of Rev.
Horatio Steobins. A large number of visi
tors were present. About the pulpit were
set vases and baskets of flowers, while the
platform and railing were festooned with
green.
Dr. Stebbins' discourse was delivered in
that characteristic vein and manner which
has given him a wide reputation for elo
quence. He began with the quotation,
"Because he has set his love upon me,
therefore I will deliver him. I will set
him on high because he has known my
power. He shall call upon me and 1 will
answer him. I will be with him in trou
ble. I will deliver him and honor him.
With long life will I satisfy him and bliow
him my salvation.
Speaking from this text, Dr. Stebbins
continued: *'To the intellect alone re
ligion makes an evil, «yen conceited as
sumption, yet it proves roan's greatest re
ward ; it alleviates bis afflictions and paci
fies the disturbances of his bein>;. Yet
this it does without a word of apology. It
offers no proofs, and contends there can
exi»t no proof, unless it be the consent of
the heart within the temple inclosing it.
The reason for this is the child's reason,
'It is so because it is so.' The inquiring
mind holds such logic no logic; it violates
and follows that precept: 'Trust and lire.'
But the wisdom of life is in finding out
that the child's answer is the best and pro
foundest one.
"Safety from evil, safety from the storm
and danger— the feeling of safety in God—
is religion. We need no proof of this.
Evil is a fact; we know how much trouble
there is in this world, that joys and pains
counterbalance one another. No pity
moves the restless sea for those who sleep
forever in its caverns. There is no pity in
the deadly plague and famine, as they
spread from city to city, and from one con
tinent to another. We look on them,
however, as something with which we
shall never be brought into close contact.
No human experience, no human heart,
can understand the bitterness, sorrow and
distress of the desDondent's life."
Continuing, the speater said that life
was not all dark and melancholy and that
he had no desire to be pessimistic. There
were beauties in the world which all saw
and which all enjoyed— handiworks of
God, smon^ which we were placed and
which we could not understand, for they
were beyond human reasoning.
"The man who had solved the problem
of evil, as we call it, and reconciled it with
the goodness of God can boast that he un
derstands the Almighty to peifection,"
said he, "but such boasting is a snare or
hypocrisy.
"Daily sorrows and joys of life are pro
found facts. Reason does not and cannot
explain moral discipline. We may wonder
why God did not create us le.«s subject to
ills and pains; but this is a sin against the
creator, for it is a substitution of human
methods for the divine. We are charging
providence with the making of mis
takes."
The substance of the doctor's conclusion
wai to accept the goodness about us and
not to condemn what we could not under
stand, for notwithstanding the many years
which we might spend in study and re
search — even though one's life were ae
voted to it — there were myriads of phe
nomena which must be accepted on faith.
Religion, the strongest staff of mankind,
had much within it that was unknowable,
yet this should not make the student a
skeptic. Religion was the most precious
thing to which we could cling, and to the
student its value was infinite.
SUICIDE ON STANFORD CAMPUS.
John Morley, a Young Spaniard, Xndt
Hit Life With Morphine.
PALO ALTO, Cal., May 24.— The body
of a man was found on the university
campus by three children this afternoon.
It is believed to be that of John Morley, a
young Spaniard, a stranger in this section.
An examination disclosed that he had
probably committed suicide by poisoning
himself with morphine. He was cvi
dently a pharmacist, as a recommendation
in his pocket would so indicate. No cause
for his act was known. The body was
found soon after life became extinct.
SURFELING TO PHCESIN.
The Santa Te May Huild an Independent
Coast lAne.
SANTA FE, N. Mex., May 24.— The
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Company
will to-njorrow start a surveyine corps
west from Whitewater. Grant County, to
run a line to Phoenix, Ariz., with a view to
building an independent Pacific Coa*t line
in case it fails to buy the Atlantic and
Pacific at the foreclosure sale July 8. A
line from Victor, Cal., to Ash Fork, Ariz.,
has already been surveyed.
FALL OF THE BASTILE.
The French Residents Making Prep
arations for Their Great National
Celebration.
The committee on organization of the
French celebration of the 14th of July met
Saturday evening at the Cercle Francais.
President Sylvain Weill, J. Desohamps, P.
A. BerRerot, A. Bousquet and J. Godard,
appointed at a general assembly held May
15, were present for the purDOse of ap
pointing on the committees one member
from each ol the French societies in this
City.
The representation from these societies
is as follows:
Societe Francalse de Bienfaisance Mutuelle,
O. Bozio; Ligue Nationale, J. Lambla; Alli
ance Francatse, E. J. Dupuy; Lafayette Guard,
P. Bigue; French Zouaves, C. Lainaysou; Le
gion Francaise. J. tiodeau ; Lyre Francai«>e. L.
Godon; La Gauloise, M. Fuchs; LUue d'Henri
IV, J. Bayle; Log' La Parfaite Union No. 17.
A. M. L. and A., J. M. Dupas; Loge Franco-
Americaine, No. 207, I. O. O. F., Thomas fcelia
biague; Grove Celtic No. 44. A. O. U. D., B.
Olympie; Grove Perseveriince No. 10. A. 0.
U.*D., A. Gavillet; Tribu No. 54, Imp.
O. R. M., J. B. Pon; Cour Victoire No. 103, A.
O. F., A. Granger.
C. C. Mlchener. Pennsylvania College '90. International Secretary of the College
Y. M. C. A. and the Man Who Is Managing the First Conference of Repre*
aentatlves From Pacific Coast Colleges Now in Session at Cazadero.
The representative of the Cercle Fran
cais has not yet been appointed.
Messrs. Alfred Chaigneau of Le Franco-
Californien and E. Marque of Le Petit Cal
ifornien have also been added to the com
mittee.
The following officers were elected :
Honorary president, the French Consul; ex
ecutive president, Sylvain Weill; first vice
president, P. A. Berperot; second vice-presi
dent, J. Godard; secretary, J. freschamps;
treasurer, J. Godeau.
The following sub-committees were ap
pointed:
Finance— P. A. Bergerot, J. Lambla and J.
Bayle.
Invitations — J. M. Dupas, A. Cbaigneau and
the representative ot the Cercle Francais, still
to be appointed.
Music— M. Fuchs, P. Bigue and B. Olympic.
Decorations and Illuminations— J. Godard,
L. Godon, A. Granger, Thomas Schablague and
J. B. Pon.
Advertising— E. Marque, E. J. Dupuy, O.
Bozio and A. Bousquet.
Parade— P. Bigue, C. Lainaysou and J.
Godeau.
Bail— A. Boncquet, J. B. Pon, Thomas Scha
biague and B. Olympic.
Games— A. Gavillet, J. Lambla, £. Marque
and J. Godard.
A committee as follows was appointed
to canvass the situation as to where the
fete would be held: P. A. Bergerot, J.
Godeau, A. Bousquet, J. Lambla and L.
Godon.
There is no directory in the city of St.
Petersburg.
AT CAZADERO'S
COLLEGE CAMP,
Christian Students Meet in
the Shade of a Spread
ing Oak.
LIFE WORK DISCUSSED.
Leaders in Y. M. C. A. Cam
paigning Explain Methods
to Delegates.
TO LABOR AMONG FRESHMEN.
Special Mission of the Undergraduates
Who Are Present at the
Conference.
CAZADERO, Cal., May 24.— As the sun
sank toward the irregular horizon of many
steep tree-covered hills and long shadows
crept down into the narrow amphitheater
where nestles the little hotel and cottages
the last rays fell upon a rmarkable scene.
Seated and reclining on the grass under a
great spreading oak on a conspicuous hill
side, grouped like some aboriginal council
of braves, were representatives of twenty
American colleges seriously discussing
what they would attempt as their life
work.
G. S. Eddy, Yale '91, was their leader,
for thi se sunset talks lasting an hour are
regular features of the great College Young
Men's Chri-tian Association conference
at Northfield, Mass., where Mr. Eddy has
had several years' experience in the same
class of work.
In other respects the second day of this
conference has been uneventful, for astrict
observance of Sunday has permitted of lit
tle beyond the regular session; but they
have been given the same long hours of
earnest attention by all the delegates.
Mr. Eddy began the morning session,
which was punctuated with frequent
prayers and songs, by a discourse on the
effectiveness of prayer. He cited many
most remarkable instances of wonderful
revivals in foreign missions, following
almost immediately upon concerted
prayers for them in this country.
S. M. Sayford was the principal speaker
and illustrated his ideas with numerous
scriptural quotations. In speaking of
prayer and its scope he named three es
sentials of prayer: (1) Spiritual concep
tion of God's character, obtained from the
word of God, teaching first of his person
ality ; second of the personality of the
Holy Spirit; third of the divinity or
deity of Jesus Christ; (2) realization of
God's presence; (3) earnest endeavor
after holiness in daily life. Prayer itself,
he explained, had the authority of the
scriptures, the command of God and the
example of Christ. In order to make his
prayers acceptable to God a man must be
clean, must have faith in God and must
render prayer in a forgiving spirit.
Hugh Beaver of Pennsylvania State Col
lege began the regular instruction in bible
study during the morning, taking as his
subject "Christ as the Man of Prayer."
His purpose is in similar daily talks to
prepare the men here to teach the bible in
the Young Men's Christian Association of
their respective colleges.
The Rev. Dr. Dille of San Francisco is to
address the conference on Tuesday. On
Wednesday the Rev. Alexander Patterson
of Chicago will speak and on Thursday
the Rev. Dr. Coyle of Oakland. Others
will follow.
The immediate result of the work of the
conference will be to exert a Christian in
fluence over the 1500 or 2000 freshmen who
wiil enter the colleges of the Pacific Coast
next fall. The permanent results may be
imagined. How wide-reaching this influ
ence may be can be inferred from the fol
lowing table of institutions to which these
worKers will return when the next term
opens:
COLI.KOK.
. 8 "■ fc
I i
m g,
D |T
i I
';
University of Oregon
Oregon Aricultnral College.""".'
Willamette University
Portland University "* """*
Pacific University "
Albany College
Mcilinnvllle College ..
Pad Uc C011ege........
University of California !.".'!!*.!
Stanford University
State Normal (Los Angeles)
Diversity of Southern California
University of the Pacific
Pomona College
Chaffey College "..]!'.!.'.".'".
California College
Occidental College
Yale University .......
Ueitysbnrs University .*.**"'.
Perm College , "
Pennsylvania State C011ege.!!...!.!!!]
450 2
896 1
300 1
200 1
180 1 1
150
100 l
100' 2
1.210 3
1,067 11
380 1
360 &
200 2
2i'O' 2
200 1 1
50 3
50 2
1
1
1
1
MRS. NELSON'S DEATH.
Hosts of Frienda Mourn the Loss of the
"Mother of the Old People*
Home."
The news of the death of ivf rs. Charles
Nelson, "mother" of the Old People's
Home, has caused much sorrow among
her multitude of friends in this City ana
throughout the State.
Mrs. Nelson passed away at her home in
Seminary Park, Alameda, Saturday morn
ing. She has suffered for a number of
years from diabetes; this, with an attack
of the grip, resulted in her death.
Her life work has been the building up
of the home and looking after the comfort
of the au r ea people who took refuse therp.
She was a native of Denmark and was 66
years of age. She came to California in
ISSI. She was then Miss Metha Clausen.
A few years after her arrival here s!ie mar
ried the well-known vessel-owner and
lumber merchant, Captain Charles Nelson.
After tier marriage the captain and his
wife lived on Rincon Hill. Three chil
dren were born to them, of whom only
their daughter, Mrs. C. C. McMahan, re
mains.
In 1874. while an active member of the
Howard Presbyterian Church. Mrs. Nelson
began the work which has made her name
famous in San Francisco. At this time
she organized, together with Mrs. S. B.
Peterson, her sister, and some other
ladies, the Scandinavian Ladies' Benevo
lent and Relief Society.
In 1879 she succeeded in getting from the
State a charter for th« Old People's Home.
This was in reality but a continuation of
the good work don* by the original soci
ety. She was also successful in persuad
ing the municipality to sell some shanties
on Francisco street and leave the site to
the society for a number of years. She laid
the proposition before the Mayor and
Board of Supervisors, encountering much
opposition, but finally with the help of
friends the desired sale and lease were ac
corded.
The home occupied its quarters on Fran
cisco street for about fifteen years. The
original building became too smaJJ for the
growing needs of the institution, and at
this time Mrs. Charles Crocker offered
financial assistance, saying to Mrs. Nel
son: "You furnisli the Drains and I will
furnish the money."
A lot at the corner of Pine and Pierce
streets was accordingly purchased, and by
the aid of Mrs. Crocker's generosity the
present magnificent structure was erected.
Mrs. Nelson, however, did the planning
ami arranging and watched each step in
the progress of tne building.
A year ago Mis. Nelson resigned as pres
ident, but until that time she never aU
lowed a week to pass without visiting the
home and cheering its inmates. Her last
visit was on Good Friday night. After
this she went to the southern part of the
State and after her return was never able
to leave her residence in Alameda.
A RELIGIOUS WAR.
"General" Peter Duggan of the Arm;
of Jeaua Attacks the Salvation '
Army.
"General" Peter Duggan of tne red
capped Army of Jesus held a spirited
meeting in his headquarters at 631 Mer
chant street last night.
The "general" is an ex-Salvation Army
warrior, and while subscribing to the
golden rule given by the chief of that
body he posaesses little love lor his old
comrades.
"The Salvation Army," said he in his
sermon last evening, "is a money-making
scheme first, last and all the time. Old
General Booth started in a poor man and
now he is a millionaire.
"General" Duggan has a standing army
of about twelve persons and a strongly
made base drum. All of his men, includ
ing the drum, are recruits from the Salva
tion Army. A part of the meet ing- place
is fitted up with bunks, where houseless
men are lodged as well as fed when the
larder will permit of such outlay. In his
method of conducting services, the "gen
eral" uses the swing, gesture and motion
of the army in which he trained and
which he admires so lntle.J
MRS. E. WALLACE DEAD.
The Widow of 'William H. Wallace
Passe* Avray SutliTenly.
Mrs. Emeline Wallace died at her resi
dence, 2220 Broadway, this City, yesterday
morning. The illness was brief. The pa
tient succumbed to an attack affecting the
bowels, which aid not threaten fatally
until a few minuteu before death ensued.
Mrs. Wallace was the widow of William
H. Wallace of the old-time firm of Sisson,
Wallace & Co. At ttie time of the con
struction of the Central Pacific Railroad
this firm had cash credits and resources to
a large extent and advanced considerable
sums for the building of the railroad. Ex
tensive payments were made in San
Joaquin Valley lands, which were owned
by Mrs. Wallace at the time of her death.
Wallace died fourteen years ago. Two
months since Harry Wallace, a son, passed
away.
The only surviving member of the fam
ily is a daughter, Mrs. James Morton, who
resides in this City.
Mrs. Emeline Wallace was a native of
Michigan, but came to California when
quite young. She was a lady highly es
teemed ! .n a large circle of friends.
NEW TO-DAY.
Tan
Ties
the ■ '"■ - -■'
Children.
Very pretty Southern Ties, Brown Cloth' Top,
Kid foxed, Spring heal. '
Sizes Bto 10% .81.25 -
Sizes 11 to 2 $2.00
Same style in black, same prices.
Eases 738-740 Market St.
Send for Catalogue ; mailed free.
Headquarters for Buckingham <fc Hecht's Floe
Shoes.
HEW TO-DAT.
ilfondaj/
on the
Second
3*loor I
1C 5C 3C @ n9 °f Me most In-
-3£ jf j£ tore sting sates that we
\fr %%
X A A have invited you to
mL J[ j€ attend in many a day;
€% Jf JL interesting in many
&L & Ms. ways ; interesting in
A JL Jt point price and in-
X /f JL foresting in the high
\ j£ jf<K character of the goods
€% €% &L that will be offered.
if &5C <rf Monday's sale
X X A that you can't afford
A X X *° miss.
TJhose sweet little Reefer
Suits of ours in blue, broad
braid, brass buttons, little buckle
on the knee of the pants ; aw-
fully sweet, awfully cute; collar
profusely braided; cuffs pro-
fusely braided, prettily braided
in the back including an extra
pair of pants, including one of
our sweet 2/acAt Caps; the
Suit, €xtra SPants and Cap, all
at
#3. 50.
Oho suit alone is worth £5.
vfow you can figure what you
are getting for your money,
r* / J o a I i «
Ohose bright buds that are on
the threshold of manhood, the
ones wearing knee trousers; those
bright little chaps between the
ages of S and IS. Some very
exquisite Scotches ; Cheviots as
well; also those s&tue 77 will
Cheviots. Jfn extra pair of
pants goes with them, and a
C/acht or So If Cap or Straw
J&at, as you may prefer; some
awfully bright styles; some aw-
fully dressy goods. . Z/he Suit,
the extra "Urousers, the Cap ' or
Jtat, the entire outfit, all clever
goods you know, *?7Jonday, at
#2. S5.
Raphael 's
;,-V>--'V (incorporated),
Uhe Frisco £oy»,
9, 11, 13, IS Jfoarny Street.
34
OREGON CITY ,A
FACTORY CENTER,
Steady Growth of the First
American Settlement
on the Coast.
HAS VARIED RESOURCES.
The Wheels of Its Industries
Are Turned by a Mighty
Cataract.
IN A PICTURESQUE LOCATION.
Nestles on a Plateau Between the
Coast Range and Cascade
Mountains.
OREGON CITY, Or., May 21.— Here,
at the lower edge of the Willamette Valley,
is one of the most interesting places on the j
Pacific Coast. The traveler from Califor- I
nia has passed the whole length of the
rich valley between the Coast Range and J
the Cascade Mountains. The long lines of j
hills rapidly approach each other at the
foot of the valley until a rim of rock is
reached connecting the two mountain j
chains. Over this rim pours the entire
volume of the Willamette River, forming
a cataract of picturesque beauty, and a j
water power of great commercial value.
Here is located the town of Oregon City,
the oldest permanent American settlement
on the Pacific slope; where the first
Protestant church on the Pacific coast of
either of the Americas still stands; where
the first newspaper wa9 published, the
first mint established, the first jail erected
and the first popular government organ
ized on the western edge of the United
States.
When San Francisco was platted in 1549
the nearest place where the plat could be
riled to give legal effect to it was in the
United States court at Oregon City, and
the original document is now among the
Clackauias County records there.
Strangers visiting Oregon City are likely
to think the whole town is crowded be
tween the bluff and the river. But back
on the bluff is a large tract with a gentle
ft*PER AND PUUF> mills AND electric power STATION A
I O««<K>N CITY WOOLEN M.LLi AND fWUft.NCMJUi I
itlope toward the Willamette which ia cov
ered with residences, and many business
houses are also located there. The eastern
part of town iB eomewhat broken. In the
southern part is another elevation, reach
ing an altitude of about 350 feet from the
river, which is a sightly locality for resi
dences. A view of the river and an inter
esting stretch of country, even to Portland
and beyond, is spread out before the gaze
of the observer from that point. On the
west side of the river the elevation is even
greater than the east side, though it is not
marked by precipitous cliffs except on the
immediate bank of the stream. The out
look from that locality is upon nearly the
entire city and the mountain scenery that
is bo beautifully accentuated in the tower
ing peaks of the Cascade Range. A sus
pension bridge 1000 feet long spans the
river at a height of nearly a hundred feet
above the water.
The picturesque beauty of the locality is
one of the greatest attractions at Oregon
City. The falls are not simply a series of
rapids, but the whole mighty volume of
the Willamette River plunges down a pre
cipitous cliff of solid basalt, forming a
cataract that is truly magnificent in its
beauty and power. Below the falls the
river flows between vertical walls of solid
rock twenty to fifty feet tall, in which that
peculiar columnar form which basaltic
rock sometimes takes is seen. The two
elevated shelves on the east and south and
the rising ground on the west quite change
the common aspect of cities, and give from
every part of the city command of an out
look of charming beauty and grandeur.
The banks of the river, both above and
below Oregon City, still carry to a consid
erable extent their native forests, though
between the city and Portland, which is
twelve miles below, there is less timber
and more farms and orchards than in the
other direction.
Each day the sun rises out of the jaerged
profile of the Cascade Mountains and Bets
behind the lower crest of the Coast range.
The hoary peaks of the Cascades are
plainly visible from Oregon City and are
objects of never failing interest. Mount
Hood thrusts its perpetual ice fields into
the sky fifty miles due east of the city. It
is a perilous climb to the summit, but
every year numbers of tourists pass the
still smoking crater of the grim giant and
reach its peak, nearly 13,000 feet above toe
sea level. To the northward the snowy
dome of St. Helens and to the east of that
Mount Adams' rugeed peaks come boldly
into view. Then in the southeast Mount
Jefferson and the Three Sisters rise high
above the crest of the range and punctuate
the landscape. All these peats are per
petually ice-clad. In the latter part of the
summer the snow disappears, leaving vast
areas of claciers exposed, and the moun
tains lose much of their dazzling white
ness and grow more seamed and rugged in
appearance. There are few places in the
world where such wealth of scenic beauty
is presented. There is harmony and
majesty in it and it never grows old.
Orecon City is essentially a manufac
turing town. It was the chief city of Ore
gon for a number of years in pioneer
times, b"ut in the undeveloped condition
of the country's resources there was small
appreciation of the gigantic rower wasting
over the falls bsyond its ability to grind
wheat for bread for a few hundred people,
and trade was transferred to points
nearer the ocean, where ships could be
laden for the gold fields of California, that
people were then going wild over. Now
that the country is reaching a stage of de
velopment requiring manufactures and
manufacturing facilities, another era of
supremacy lies before the city.
About $50,000 is paid out monthly in
wages in Oregon City. This money goes
|to employes of the electric company ; of
j the woolen mill, the annual output of
! which exceeds $750,000; of the flouring
mills, having a capacity of 1100 barrels a
day, and sending their product to Liver
pool and China; of the paper and pulp
mills, turning out an annual product of
about 30,000 tons, one of the mills being
the largest on the Pacific Coast; of an ex
celsior and shoddy mill, two sawmills, Ja
sash and door factory, a machine-shop, a
soap-factory, a cement-mill, a wooden
pumD factory, an ice-factory, and a num
ber of smaller manufacturing and repair
shops. The value of the annual product
of these manufacturing plants is aDout
! $3,000,000.
Another important industry is that of
1 furnishing electricity for light and power.
The city of Portland is lighted from the
falls of the Willamette and many of her
Btreet cars and factories are run by power
from the same source. The company con
trolling the water power owns 1200 acres
of land opposite Oregon City, so there is
no fear that it will not labor for local in
terest.
A town of 5000 inhabitants, the seat of
justice of a county larger in extent than
the State of Rhode Island ana richer in
natural resources, with street railway con
nection with Portland and steam railway
and boats to furnish unsurpassed trans
portation facilities to all the world, and all
the agencies of progressive civilization in
active operation here, it is not strange that
erowth and prosperity continue in the
face <f conditions that retard business
generally. The permanence of this pros
perity is due largely to the magnificent
water-power that, notwithstanding the
10,000 horsepower now in use, is but be
gin ning to be developed.
A comparative statement of the capaci
ties of various well-known water-powers
will afford some idea of the relative im
portance of the power at the falls of the
Willamette. Here is a statement compiled
from official and other reliable data:
Beat of water-power. Horsepower capacity.
•Oregon City, Or r>6 ijoo
Minneapolis, Minn 20,1)00
Holyoke, Mass. 19,000
Manchester, .N. H 11,000
Lawrence, Mass 12* 0<)0
Lowell, Mass. 11,845
The progress of this town, which unites
so much that is historically and industri
ally interesting, has an important bearing
on the prosperity of the whole State of
Oregon. It is worthy of the attention of
tourists seeking pleasure and entertain
ment, and of those having a more substan
tial object in view.
Secretary of Oregon City Chamber of
Commerce.
• Only one railway passenger among 28
-000,000 is annually killed in England In
France it is one in 19,000,000, in Germany
one in 10,000,000; Italy one in 6 000 000
America one in 2,000,000 to 3,000,000 and
Russia one in 1,000,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
RIFLE RECORDS
ON TWO RANGES,
Shell Mound Marksmen
Being Won Over to
Nitro Powder.
FINE RESULTS ACHIEVED
It Has Proved Successful in
the Springfield Military
Musket.
SCHUETZEN MEDAL-WINNERS.
J. Utschig Champion of the California
Club— H. Guembel Jr. Secures
Kingly Honors*
To a great extent yesterday was nitro
powder day at the Shell Mound range, ar d
the spiteful bark of the new explosive
could be heard at all times through the
sullen roar of the black-powder.tusillade.
PAPER a&& PULP MtUlV 1 '1 M
AND STEAMBOAT CANAL / .
It was not until several members of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, under the
direction of F. O. Young, made a number
of successful experiments with the nitro
that the rank and file o! the marksmen
dared to use it, but now many are makine
t&eir best scores with the stuff, and regard
it aa the most pleasant explosive they can
use.
A prominent marksman In the East re
marked recently: "One ol the great draw
backs to the pleasure of target shooting is
the dirt, noise and smoke, and I dislike to
wind up a day's sport with my rifles and
pistole and feel that I could easily be mis
taken for a chimney sweep."
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
T -Day's Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races whei« the horses have no record at the distance to be ran the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
ADbreviatlons— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong: •, a boat.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
I Best
Index. I Name. Lbs record. Dlst- Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedlgre*
1231 Coda 96 Pueblo stable Imp. Cyrus- Rose tta
1228 Virule A 95|l :09V* 6% f 1051F... B. Wnrd Imp. True Brttn-Blg ßertha
1191 Mollle B 107 1:08% 6% f 102^... J. Robblns Imp. Manner-Cantenac
1218 Llnville 11l l:l6Sißf 108 Ka. Musto <fc Ruys. Warwlck-Shasta
12' JO Joe Cotton 11l 1:0(5% S% f 129 F... Berkeley stable Winters-Cotton Nose
606 Colleen Bawn... »5| J. Maddox Nick Woods-Lathrop Belle
1209 Miasl'oUard 95'\:0'i3i 5f 99 F... L. Hhaner lrop.ldalium-bylmp.Ki)aly
1210 lElmerF lllil:lsV*6f 104 F... Floodmore stable... POl Hand- Fantasia
1226 Normandle 109 1:16 BJ 109 Fa. Ramsdcil&Garland Imp. Kyrie Daly-Extract
(1204) Artlcus. 11411:44 lm 114 Fa. W. C. Vlvcil Argyle-iilenloch
Owner.
Pedigree.
SECOND RACE— One mile; selling.
Index. Kama.
1234 All Over
1184 Don Caesar
1233 Hermanlta.
1234 Jack Richelieu.
(1225) ThornbllL
1219 Long Lady
Name.
I Best
Lbs I record. Dlst
114U:42%!1m 11* F.. a HUdreth
111,1:61% U-16m 115: Ka. Elmwood stck farn
105 1:28 7f 97 P. . J. G. Follansbee. ..
110 ]:14 1 m 114 Fa. J. Rogers
112 1:46V4 In 109 H.. T. Lundy... . ...
87 1:42% 1 m 98|F.. J. C. Humphrey...
Lbs Tic.
Owner.
Hanover- Deceit
limp. Brutus- Bessie
Fresno-Sis, to Jim Douglass
Imp. Great Tom-Envenom
Ip.Cheviot- Phoebe Andson
Major Ban-Decoy Duck
Pedigree.
THIRD RACE-FIV!
and a half furlongs; selling.
| Best
Lbs ! record.
I
Index.
Name.
Dlst.
Lbs
Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1222 {Heartsease
(1213) Last Chance....
1230 Mt. Roy
(1227) Morven
1199 Model
1219 Hlcardo ...
1238 Road Warmer..
1219 Myrtle H
1169 Nervoso
1236 Doubtful
95 1:16% 6f
112.1:08% 5Va *
112 1:01% 61
112 1:161/4 6 f
107 1:14*4 6f
112 1:08% 6% f
97 1:01% 5 f
•5 ; 1:02 Vi M
10911:09 5% 1
97 1:1684
97 F.. J.C. Humphrey....
117 F.. Oakland stable
106 F .. Krause <fc Co
128 F.. White <fc Clarke....
100 F.. California stable...
112 F.. 8. F. Capps
108 F..!b. Kdsall
94 F.. C. W. Chappelle....
100 X.. Klmwood stck farm
97 F.. L.Ezell
Imp. Kyrie Daly-Extract
Duke Norfolk- Vedette
Kaiistus-Mt. City stable
Imp. Cheviot -Lurllne
Imp. Sir Modr si-Gypsy
Wlidldle-Blue Bonnet
Frank Rhoades-Belle
Torso-Lady Lelnster
Imp. Brntus-Nerva
I Doubt-Natchltoches
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; hand!
•ap.
• [ Best |
iDdex. Nome. Lbs! Record! Dlst.
(1218) rolaskl 80;i:15i4J6f
1198 Peter II 90; l :50% 1 1-IBm
1206 Chartreuse 11... 9.V1 :'.!7%'7 f
1029 Theltna. 96!l:14 j6f
(Vl9) St. Lee 100'l:41% 1 m
1235 All Over 108'1:29%7f
(1230) George Miller.. 110 1:28%|7f
Lbs. Tic.
1031F.. Owen Bros icaptaln Al-Gold Cup
107, Fa. Klmwood stk farm. Imp. Brutus-Bonuie Jean
101 P.. j. c. Hnmplurey.... imp. Cheviot- Imp. Zara
104 K..|Pueblo stable John Happy-Pansy
105 F.. 8. C. Jlildreth Imp. St. George- Levee
110 F.. a C. Hlldreth Hanover-Deceit
103 F.. W. L. stanfleld LofturKmma
Owner.
Pedigree.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling.
Index.
1194
1202
(1052)
1181
1207
1222
:236
12 JO
| Best
Name. Lbs i record. Dlgu
ReyAlta 109 l 1:0634 6f
Blue Eyes. 95 no rec
Big Chief 97 1:09% 6% f
Marjorie 95il:O8V* 5% f
Gondola. 110jl:08 6% f
Durantco. 11211 :01 Vi 6f
o'Kleeta- 109jl:09 5% t
Banjo 11*211:1654, 6f
Silver State ! 110 ; 1 :09% 6% f
l.hs
131[h.. J. O. Bftyley
........ D. A. Nunar
94 1 F... Niagara stable
92 F... F. Phillips
105 F... W P. Fine
104 F... B. F. Hobart
109 F... J. M. Buckley
11l Ka. Odell stable
110'F... Wm. Thompson
Tk.
Owner.
Alta-Fannle D
Nick of Woods-SUie Hmptn
Apache-Flora
Iroquols-Tarantula
Frank Rhoades- Delia
Duk.- Norfolk-May D
Harry O'Fallon-Fleeta
Peregrine-Lady Foster
lp. Cheviot-Bessie Shannon
Pedlsrree.
si
Tfl RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
I Best
Lbs; record.
Index.
Kane.
Dlst.
I.bs
fk.
Owner.
Pedltrree.
1231
1220
1231
12i;0
(1235)
1200
1234
(1216)
Seaside 109:1:16 6f
Hanford 109!l:10%! 6% f
New Moon ©6 1:17% j 6f
Johnny Capron. 109 1:04 5f
Veragua 10lll:17% 6f
Rebellion 99:1:43% 1 m
Zobalr 114 l;lo%! 6f
JimMurpby.... 11l l:OB%j s\' a i
JO6 F... P. siebenthaler. ...
JOB Fa. California stable....
97 H..:W. D. Randall
IH4iH..iC. J. Thacker
97 h.. a. Nicked ::;;•;
101|Fa. Oakland stab: e ...
JJ*ij;... J. C. Humphrey....
110|F... I White <fc Clarke....
Imp. Marlner-Marln -
Imp. Kyrie paly-Vlsalla
Hvder Al.-Namonla .
sid-Mollle Oapron- -
Slnfax-Partlsana
Peet-lmp. Mutiny
St. SavlourOvlzhthawlc
Imp. Kyrie Daly-Maggie R
H. R. Crane, an Enthusiastic Marksman and a Member of the Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club.
The new nitro is doing away with these ;
objections, for in its use there is but little ;
noise, no smoke and no recoil — that bogie
man of timid riflemen. Many labor under
the idea that firearms in which nitro is ;
used require but little care. This is a seri- I
ous mistake, for without the liberal use of j
cleaning rags and oil after firing the best j
of barrels will runt and become leaded as j
quickly as with the black powder. To in
■on safety lrom this the firearm should be
cleaned immediately after using, and
again a day or two later.
Among the first local riflemen to try
nitro in the heavy musket was Chris Meyer
of Company C. Yesterday he achieved ex
cellent results with forty-live grains (meas
ured) shot under two wads and a 405-gram
metal-jacket bullet. The bullet was really
lead nickel plated. The wads were used to
fill the space. Meyer seated his bullets
firmly in the shells, iustead of leaving an
air space, and the recoil of the musket was
hardly perceptible. He used Dupont's
No. 1 rifle powder, and in one string ol ,
twenty-five shots he scored as follows:
564456556 4 47 j
445655454 4 45
5 4 4 4 IT
Total •. 109
Possible. 125.
C. F. Waltham also of the Nationals was
on the range and scored as follows:
544646655 4—46
666456444 6—46
454556454 5— 46
654464665 5—47
656444466 4—45
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's
regular shoot was held as usual and half of
the members, it was found, had become
addicted to the . use of the nitro. This
powder they use in everything from
the 22 target pistol to the high-class
target rifle with excellent results. H.
R. Crane has recently gone over to the
nitro ranks. He has been an expert hunts
man and scored great success in the field.
Now he is devoting all of his spare time
to target practice. The best scores of the
members yesterday were as follows:
Pistol, Blanding medal, three shots, open to
all comers- C. M. Dalss, 8, 12, 12; J. K.Gor
man, 9. 10, 11; A. 11. Pape, 10, 12, 14; F. O.
Young, 11, 13.
Revolver, £arr medal, five shots— M. J.
White, 37; J. E. Gorman, 35, 40.
Twenty-two-caliber rifle, all comers, fifty
yards, Rogers medal— Ed Hovey, 8 ; E. Jacob
son, 9; W. J. Burrows, 34.
Rifle, 200 yards, Unt'red diamond medal—
O. Young, 13, 16; 11. Burfeind, 15, 17, 21; A.
H. Pape, 16, 19, 21.
Rifle record— A. B. Dorrell, 74; H. R. Crane,
74; F. E. Mason, 78; H. H. Burfeind, 120.
Most flags for month— G. Schultz, 1; F. O.
Young, 1 H. H. Burfeind, 1.
The German sharpshooters were out in
large numbers and some excellent scores
were made. In the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein's regular bullseye con
test for cash prizes the following scores
show fine holding:
First, John Lankenau, 121 points; second,
F. P. Schuster, 157; third, C. Thierbach, 231;
fourth', 11. Zetker, 301; fifth, C. F. Rust, 312;
sixth, John de Wit, 399; seventh, J. C. Waller,
418; eighth, R. Finking, 482; ninth, A. H.
Pape, 513; tenth. John Utschig, 536; eleventh,
C. Nobmann, 537; twelfth, L. Bendel, 585;
thirteenth, Aug. Jungbluth, 706; fourteenth,
W. C. Molten, 797; fifteenth, Otto Lenacke,
806; sixteenth, G. Alpers, 819; seventeenth,
William Plath, 831; eighteenth, H. Uuber,
8 ( i2; nineteenth, A. Mocker, 1115; twentieth,
A. Berthelsen, 1172.
The bullseye shoot of the German
Schuetzen Club for cash prizes shows
some good shooting:
First, R. Finking, 439 points; second, H. j
Zecher,4Uo; third, H.M. Wreden, 514; fourth. '
F. P. Schuster, 575; fifth, H. Huber, 734;
tixth, F. H. Bushnell, 70S; seventh, H. Bur
feind, 790; eighth, D. B. Faktor, 812; ninth,
L. Bcndel, 826.
In the monthly medal shoot of the
Nordentscher Schuetzen Club, the cham
pionship class failed to fill. J. Gefken of
the second class and G. Scbulz of the
fourth, by yesterday's record, became the
permanent owners "of their class medals.
The other scores stood :
First class, H. Huber. 418 rings.
Second class, J. Gefken, 391.
Third class, F. Rust, 351.
Fourth class, G. Schulz, 289.
First best sho', J. de Wit, 24.
Last best shot, H. Huber, 24.
The monthly medal scores of the marks
men of several of the military companies
were all good and speak for themselves:
Company B— George Sullivan 34, E. C. Cor
dell 31, Charles Perry 45. Gus Undermann 36,
George Heizman 37, J. Fetz 41, E. L. Filmer
32, E. B. Peppin 38, VV. Krug 35, J. R, Wear 40,
H. It. Taylor 45, L. Zimmormanu 35, L. Town
fend 36, D. S. Briggs 36, A. Roberts 20, G.
Mills 21, C. Lennon 16, W. J. Hayes 44 H
Lung 20.
Company K— Detrlch 32, Barley 42, Bot- i
NEW TO-DAY.
The
WIFE'S
ECONOMY
I
Is often the mainstay of the horne — she makes
the income cover the needs, by careful, prudent
buying. .
A large item in family expenses is clothing ;
boys' clothing particularly. To save a half of
the usual expense is to have that much more for
something else.
The way to do it is to buy of the makers di-
rect — no second, third and fourth handlers with
, their attending profits.
We grow the wool, we make it into Clothing,
and we sell the clothing to you. We ask but one
profit — the profit of the Wholesaler.
Boys' Long Pants Suits— agres 12 to 19—3 pieces, guar-
anteed All Wool, $5.00 and upward.
Children's 2-Pleoe Suits, Guaranteed All Wool, 53. 50
and upward,
BROWN^^
.■:-;.'■'■ Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City WooUn Mill*
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Set. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
LEA & PERRINS'
SIGNATURE
printed in
BLUE, diagonally j»sT§^a*»V
across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro-
tection against all imitations.
Agents for the United State.. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y.
teran 40, Warnekros 37, Craig 23, Busn 30,
Brunke 35, Barnes 31, Captain Cunningham
41, Schmalz 39, Cohen 28, Campana3o. Jacob
son 38, Kelly 27, Bauer 38, Cassidy 32, Jones
41, Seeley 42. Siraeria 4.
Company M— Captain o'Neil 29, Lieutenant
Hogan 39, Sergeant Colby 42, Sergeant Sonn
tag 35, Corporal Stroth 38, Corporal Kelly 39,
Corporal Maher 30, Corporal Meyers 36, Cor
poral Olmstead 36, Childs 21, Bradley 15, Mur
ray 29, Lage 23, Nutter 35, Ayhens 30, Jpsse
lyn 32, Lyons 24, Jordan 31, Adams 13, Hop
kins 37, G. Buhlinger 29, W. Buhlinger 29,
Owens 26, Bell 29, Reay 29, O'Brien 8.
Compauy I— P. H. Rame 31, B. H. Hawks 38,
J. Fitzsrerald 35, J. F. O'Connor 41, F. H. Field
26, Willard 38, Captain Miller 33, Lausrhlln 28,
Nathan 34, Brown 41, Gorman 35, Holstien
38, Berlaud 36, McNeil 30, Masury 38, Major
F. Brown 33, Cooke 42, Eisfelder 34, Sheridan
28, Pinkert 29, Codington 28.
♦
THE SCHUETZEN KING.
H. Guembel Jr. Won the Much-
Coveted Honors and the
Medal.
Every stand in the Schuetzen Park rifle
range near San Rafael was filled yesterday
witn sharpshooters, and many were the fine
scores made and medals won. One of the
events of the day was the contest for the
honors of shooting king of the Eintracht
Schuetzen Club. The honor and the gold
medal fell to the lot of H. Guembel Jr.,
who made 63 points out of a possible 75.
The presentation was made by Captain
Kuhls, and the trophy is permanently the
property of the winner, as he won it two
years ago.
The usual bullseye shoot of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club drew out nearly all
of the members. John Utachig came very
close to the center and won the first prize.
The scores made were as follows:
John Utschijt 68 points, H. Guembel 386, H.
Shroder V4O. F. 1". jlagerup 311, C Waller 350,
L. Keubold 424, O. P. Koblnson 464, A. Ulschis
488, A. Jungbluth 901, 11. Eckinan 62». C. Bjjr»
horn 5J9, H. ivnge 566, V). W. McLatighlin 589,
N. Fredericks 615, A. Kreuss 646, P. Jacoby 744,
K. Fluking BUS. A. btrecker 816, L. C. Kabbin 815,
V. Attinger 883, J. Bachmann 533, J. Wollnier
966. T. JF. Kelly 1014, F. Kuhls 1046, T. Archer
IMB.
The winners in the California Schuetzen
Cadets' bullseye contest were Messrs.
Woenne, Reubold and Kullmann.
The lady sharpshooters of this club were
also out in full force and the contests were
for the club medals. The winners were:
Cbamplon class— Mlsa Lizzie Utschig, 112 rings.
First class— Mrs. Kelly, 111 rings. Second class-
Mrs. DavUoD, 42 rings.
There was a spirited contest for the
Schuenemann diamond double-rest medai,
which is to be contested for seven times.
This time John Utschig was tlie winner,
with 233 points. The second best score
was by Otto Baumeister with 229 and the
third was D. W. McLaughlin with 227.
The San Francisco Turners' Schuetzen
Section held its regular medal shoot and
the following were the winners:
Champion cluss— J. Utschig, 412 points; first
class— L. Ihlerbach, 410; first best shot—Thier
bach; last best shoe— A. Sablati.
On the pistol range the interest in the
contest for the Schuenemann pistol medal
was decidedly lively. The scores made
stood as follows:
D. W. McLaughlin 308, P. Jacoby 195, James
Btanton 178, J. B. Turner 150, A. Urenss 114, A.
VToeme 75, Dr. M. Michel 50.
Lieutenant Etola'a Illness.
Lieutenant of Police Fred Esola, in charge of
the California-street police station, who has
been sick for a week past, suffering from a dis
ordered liver, is now convalescent. For the
first time yesterday since his illness he was
able to leave his room and take an enjoyable
and invigorating walk in the warm sunshine.
. mew to-pat: \
What Twottori Got
They Went Shares In a Dr. Sanden
Electric Belt and Both
Are Cured.
There may be cheaper Belts, but there
arc none as good.
When you buy an appliance to restore
health you don't want a toy.
The great number of troubles for which
Electricity is beneficial when applied by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is only limited
to the extent of the organs supported by
the nerves and blood. Every organ get-
ting its life from these functions, and that
is every organ in the human body, can be
made well by this wonderful belt.
They Were Partners.
Silver Star, Mont., May 17, 1896
DR. A. T. SANDfcX— Dear Bib: I received
your Electric Belt on February 9 last and wore
it from two to three hours every night for
about two months, and nave not had any of
the old rheumatic pains since, and wake up
in the morning after a refreshing sleep feeling
pood, My partner, Henry Mauvis, wore the
Belt for vital weakness and indigestion, and
feels to-day that your Belt has cured him of
those complaints. I. shall recommend it to
all who are suffering from the above com-
plaints. The $30 we paid for your Belt we are
not sorry for. I would not sell it for twice the
amount If I could not get another. Yours re-
spectfully, . Julius Jahn.
Can drugs show any such record? Do
you want any better evidence of the faith-
ful work of this now •world-famous Electric
Belt? No weak or sick person does him-
self justice while he does without it.
Book, with full information and price
list, also many other testimonials, free,
sealed, by mail.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
830 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; 8 a. x. to
8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
Off ICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR.,
1:01 Sooth Broadway. 1 253 Washington atreat
STATEMENT
....OF THE....
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
....OF THE ...
COMMERCIAL UNION
IMRAME COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST DAY
December, A. P. 1895, and for the year ending
on that, day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of Ihe .State of California, pursuant to tha
provisions of Sections 610 and 011 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAriTAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up in
cash $1,250.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $2,392,751 53
Loans on bond 3 and mortgages 316,074 63
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 5,129,317 90
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market- .
note securities as collateral..: 206,764 70
Cash In banks ....'.. ......... 1,752,322 00
Interest due and accrued on all '
stocks and loans '.'.., . 838 18
Interest due and accrued on bonds !
and mortgages..: 3,813 98
Premiums indue course of collection 1,316,000 98
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 109,391 21
Total assets, life department 8,999,928 04
Sundry offices tor guarantees and re-
insurance on losses already paid... 420,577 85
Rents and interest, due 3,392 25
Stamps in hand 2.370 20
Total a55et*....:.... $20,653,543 45
LIABILITIES. v
Losses adjusted and unpaid ") -,
Losses in process of adjustment or i mteK <mn nn
insuspense f » 8 «>5,300 00
Losses resisted, Including expenses I
Gross premiums on fire risks run-'
nlni; one year or less (reinsur- j
ance 50 per cent) I , ai . Ann _»
Gross premiums on fire risks run- ' i.mo,oww-
ning more than one year (rein-
surance pro rata)
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks (reinsur-
ance 100 per cent) • 950,00000
Gross premiums on marine time
risks (reinsurance 50 per cent).. j
Liabilities under life department 8,999,923 04
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 2,414 79
All other demands against the com-
pany 2,278,173 98
Total liabilities........ 14,631, 616 79
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums 95,566,922 79
.Not cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 1,150,502 77
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 332.871 58
Received {or transfer fees 255 62
Total income of lite department 1,240,733 04
Total Income $8,290,785 80
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $3,295,514 52
Net amount paid for marine losses. . 797,342 93
Dividends to stockholders. 312,025 87
faiil or allowed for commission or
brokerage 787,665 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other") ;■„•"..
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . ! , 9( ,q 00 0 -. a
Paid lor State, National and local f 1 ' £ °°> VVJ 1H
taxes , J
All other payments and expendi-
tures 854,881 36
Total expenditures *7.316.422 36
Fire. Marine.
Losses Incurred during
the year. $3,183,074 00 $788,833 00
RISKS AND- PREMIUMS.
1 FIBS BISKS. [ PBEMICMS.
Net amount of 3
- risks written
during the year. $1,995,944,996 $7,268 473 72
Net amount of
risks expired • ;„
during the year.. 1,079,380.172 4.595,656 66
Net amount in
force December 1,363,996,153 4,720,760 13
31,1895 1,363,996,153 4,720,76013
-...-. ■ ■ ' ~ MARINE BISKS.) PSMinilS.
Net amount of
during the^'ar. 0 $388,957,055 $1,656,635 00
Net amount of . .: ',\
during th" P ear. (1 383,735,405 1.687,776 00
Net amount In
3°rrB9 I s* . mber 04,345,600 963,525 00
JOHN TROTTER, Chairman.
H. Mass, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th day
of April, 1896. O. F. Wabbss, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH OFFICE,
301 California Street.
C. F. MULLINS, Manager.
t!'^''T*3P&f*&*nFi B '« Gis a non -poisonous
/iHF^VI remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
JSHr ialtos<Uj-»/4j;;l Whites, unnatural did-
loV Guaranteed |£j charges, or any intiamma-
Nifl not to itristcra. tioa, irritation or ulcera-
K.i ]f t * r * Teau contagion, tion of mucous mem-
RTIrHEEvANSCHEMmuCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
Vok CINCINNATI.O R£ I Sold by Urasr«i»t6,
• V.S x AHi or BeDt ' n Pi*'" wrapper,
VWuE^^l J^Nl by express, prepaid, fur
'■■ < VjQ|^^B^#fo o V $1.00, or 3 bottles, ?2.75.
v ' ■ Circular sent or. ' coat.
oppression, minrn nw
SUFFOCATION, CURED BY
NEURALGIA, Etc., UUIIUU Ul
ESPXC'S CIGAKKTTES, OK POWDKB.
Paris, J, ESPIC: New York, E. FOUGEBA
, A CO. Sold by all Drug gl3t«.SPIRITUALISTS
IN CONVENTION.
First Day's Proceedings De
voted to Songs and
Speeches
NEW MINES OF THOUGHT
Mrs. Julia Schlesinger Delivers
a Ringing Address of
Welcome.
PRESIDENT BARRETT TALKS.
The Philosophy, Science and Religion
of Spiritualism Is Ably
Discussed.
It was a nappy band that composed the
California Spiritual Convention which met
in Golden Gate Hall yesterday morning
for the purpose of perfectine a State organ-
MRS CABRIE WERMOUDTH MRS C W SHRINER m E.CRINDLi MRSM J HENDY
ROMINEXT PARTICIPANTS IN THE SPIRITUALIST CONVENTION NOW IN SESSION.
ization. On the stage in eaßy eronps sat
the leading spiritualists of the State, the
National president, Harrison D. Barrett,
occupying the post of honor. Among
others present were:
Wiiliam R. Rider, president; \V. T. Jones,
vice-president ; Mrs. Elizabeth Sloper. secre
tary; B. F. Small, treasurer. Mrs. Mary I>rv
nun, People's Spiritual Society; Mrs. D. N.
Place, Ladies' Aid Society; L. C. Howes, First
Spiritual Union: Mrs. C. H. Wadsworth, Chil
dren's Lyceum; Dr. C. H. Rin-Es, independent
Spiritual Society; George I. Drew, Progressive
Mediums' Society; W> T. Jones, Mediums' Pro
tective Society; William H. Rider, Progressive
Spirituniists' Society; Mrs. M. C. Richardson,
Lyceum Aid Society: Dr. A. L. Fariium, Dr. T.
A. Hud-on, Dr. C. Gratton and Henry Steen of
Stockton; Mr. and Mrs. George Roberts, Mr.«.
Carrie D. Stone, Mrs. EL A. Griffin, Dr. and
Mrs. Barker, Mrs. H. C. Miher and Mrs. L. Fales
of San Jose; J S. McDonald, Mrs. Charles
Lewis of Vallejo; Mrs. Judge Hall and M. M.ir
■flall of Vacaville; Mrs. R. Cowell and Mrs.
Mattie Wein of Oakland.
The stage was beautifully decorated |
with roses, violets, lilies and ferns, light
colored silk draperies making up the back
ground.
Every seat in the auditorium was taken
when President William N. Ryder rapped
for order. The programme opened witn a
selection, "The Barrett March," exquis
itely rendered by Young's orchestra.
President Ryder in a few well -chosen
words then declared the convention open,
after which Mrs. Julia Schlesinger deliv
ered the address of welcome. She said:
In the history of all nations, peoples and in
dividuals are recorded marked events which
had great influence upon and in large measure
Ehaped their ultimate destinies. Some of these
at the time of their occurrence were regarded
as unimportant and Insignificant; but later
on. in the light of succeeding events, were re
garded as pivotal points upon which had cen
tered mighty changes and upon which had de
pended future successes or defeats. When tne
history of spiritualism in California shall have
been written this day will be marked as one of
(treat importance in having rthaped and
directed the future of the movement along the
most advanced lines known to the workers of
the preaent generation.
The fullest ana deepest significance of this
convention can scarcely be comprehended at
first glance. It is not merely to extend greet
ing and give royal welcome to a noted co
worker in our ranks that we are here assem
bled. The principle underlying this demon
stration is deeper, grander and more far-reach
ing than the mere expression of the courtesies
of life to a brother. It comprehends and em
braces our sympathy with and co-operation in
the work in which he is engaged, of the cause
of which he is the able champion and of which
he is, by virtue of his office and own intrinsic
merits, the highest representative in the land.
In doing honor to him we express our loyalty
to the great organization, the National Spirit
ualists' Association, of which he is the worthy
and respected president.
For nearly half a century spiritualism has
struggled against all forms of superstition and
ignorance and endeavored to take its proper
place as the leader in all reforms, the teacher
of the highest morality, the evangel of light
ana liberty, the bearer of glad tidings to hu
manity of the life that is to come. It has met
with opposition and ridicule from the time the
first faint raps at Ilydesville startled the
whole world and inaugurated an era of re-
Eearch and investigation concerning the laws
governing and controlling our relations to the
buperphysical universe, the continuity oi life
beyond the grave, and the possibility of hold
ing intelligent communication wiin the uii
seen intelligences of the spiritual world.
This opposition has been alike bitter and un
reasoning from pulpit and press. The former,
especially, has hurled iis anathemas at the
whole movement and denounced its represent
atives, its mediums and teachers &t> being
"common and unclean"— fit emissaries of the
evil one, doing his work, destroying the very
foundations of the church and society with
their heresies and infidel teachings. Its most
bitter foes have been those who should have
been its stanchest friends and received it mo-t
gladly as giving to the world the evidence
they did not possess, of that which ihey
taught and professed to believe— the immor
tality oi the soul — a fetate of conscious ex i&U
ence'after death.
Notwithstanding the foes without and fool
ish ones within the fold spiritualism has gone
steadily along presenting its facts, demon
strating every proposition and principle ad
vanced, gradually commanding the respectful
attention of many of the world's greatest
thinKers and their scientific investigation and
indorsement of its claims. It has grown with
the flight ol time into a powerlul and effectual
force for the amelioration of the cond. lions of
the people in all the departments of lite wher
ever wrongs exist and injustice triumphs.
Wherever tearful, longing eyes have been
turned toward that land of peace and promise,
anxiously waiting for some sign from their be
loved, it has brought the tender answer; wher
ever hearts have been broken and crushed by
cruel wrongs it has brought love'i oil and wine
and poured out its healing, bulm-giving
strength, comfort and consolation. To the
mentally enslaved by old dogmas and super
stitions it has given light and freedom; to
those in doubt and ignorance of their immortal
birthright it has opened the windows of
heaven, until its shining radiance has illu
mined their darkness and dispelled all doubt.
Within the brief space of forty-eight years it
has extended, until to-day there is not a State
In the Union or a spot on the civilized globe
where its pure teachings have not been advo
cated and where its adherents may not be
found.
It has gained a foothoid in the islands of the
sea, and its truths have been scattered broad
;tift unto the uttermost ends of the earth, mid
are published in many different Uragoaces v.nd
accepted by people oi every nation, iintlr^ci,
tribe and tongue.
\\V. have strong, wealthy, incorporated so-
Meties, public halls, libraries and ordained
tuinisttTß.
But with all our brilliant attainments there
lias been lacking that thorough and lorderly
system of work which obtains only through |
general organization and by (means of which i
the greatest good is accomplished. Our most
far-seeing and prophatic teachers saw a time
coming when we must stand before the world
a united, fraternal brotherhood and sisierhood
for the more successful promulgation of the ;
spiritual philosophy and the putting into
practice in a more systematic and efficient
manner its beneficent. teachings for the uplift
men t and betterment of humanity here and
hereafter.
That time has already come and only waits
the coming of our people to a clear under
standing of their duties and responsibilities
and the perception of the disaster involved in
procrastination to arouse them to immediate
action.
A critical period is near at hand. The people
are in the throes of a death agony or the pangs
of a new birth. Which shall it be? Shall we, |
whore eyes have beheld the glimmering light
on the "distant hilltops, close them and say.
"the night is upon us still," or shall we
awaken to the exigencies of the hour and pro
claim that the morn is breaking— that angels I
of love and wisdom are speaking to the hearts j
of men In no uncertain tones asking them to
turn their faces from the darkness unto the
everlasting light— to break the fetters of igno
rance, superstition and slavery, and pre-empt
their claims to an unfettered, unchained man
hood and all that is involved therein?
Have we as spiritualists nothing further to do !
after receiving the comforting message that our ;
beloved dead are living still? Is that all there
la of spiritualism? If that were all then it
would be ■carcelj worth seeking, for we would ,
have but a brief time to wait until the inevi
table change which comes to all would reveal
death's mystery. But spiritualism compre
hends more than the possibility of communi
cating with the intelligences of the unseen
world. Its storehouses of knowledge, its won
derful resources of wisdom and happiness, its
divine potentialities and revetments, its
great unexplored heights and depths are still
hefore us compassing infinite possibilities and
attainments, all-embracing, vast, limitless as
eternity.
Shall we not hasten to possess ourselves of
this magnificent inheritance and appropriate
its benefactions for the upliftment of the race?
Humanity groans beneath its burdens, which
are the result of ignorance of past ages and
the almost criminal stupidity of the present.
I Spiritualism comes as the great reformer and
I liberator. The prophets, sages and saviors of
I all times who have pussed to the immortal life
I and garnered its lessons of wisdom, return
1 with clearer vision and loftier perceptions of
man's relations to physical life and the life
spiritual. They are the world's great teachers,
and just to the extent to which mankind be
comes receptive to their angelic ministrations
will the physical conditions of life be made
better until that beautiful ideal, the kingdom
of heaven, shall in reality be established upon
earth. With such grand achievements in view,
such wonderful possibilities before us, we
should welcome every he. ping hand, reach out
in every direction for aid, use every stepping
stone by which we can climb to higher ground
until the summit is attained.
From the watch-towers of the East have
come the signals of assistance. Let the West
respond by planting Its blazing torches upon
every mountain peak from British Columbia
to the Mexican border. Let us clasp hands
across the "great divide" and proclaim to our
brothers and si>ters of the Atlantic shores that
we of the Pacific recognize the need of tnis
great union of forces and welcome ii as the
harbinger of the dawn.
On behalf of the spiritualists of California
and of tnose represented by this convention
do I welcome the signal- bearer from the East—
the man who comes to us to-day with this
wonderful message of love and fraternity —
Harrison D. Barrett of Washington. Mr. Bar
rett, it affords me great pleasure to welcome
you to our Golden State, to our beautiful
City, our homes and our firesides, and also to
assure you of our steadfast and unwavering
good-feiiow»hip and sincere desire that suc
cess may crown your worthy efforts in the
cause for which you have come among us,
and that you may go back to your Eastern
home bearing the glad tidings of the forma
tion of a spirital union as abiding es the
eternal heavens and as indissoluble as the
marriage of the stars.
President Barrett said that no language
of his could express his gratitude for the
warm words of welcome that had iust been
uttered. Hfe hoped that perlect harmony
*ould prevail, resulting in the unification
of all true believers in spiritualism.
One of the most interestine features of
the morning programme was presented at
this point. The several spiritual Sunday
schools gave an intelligent physical culture
exercise, which was greatly enjoyed by
those present.
A Daper, "Restoration of Religion and
Philosophy," by Joseph Rhoades Bu
chanan of San Jose, was read by C. H.
"Wadsworth. It was probably the event of
the day. Mr. Buchanan has been a spirit
ualist for nearly forty years, and though
nearly 80 years old now, is still an active
worker in the cause. He spoke as follows:
The spiritual movement of the present cen
tury is a reaction against modern degeneracy,
and makes a vigorous protest against the gross
materialism which has become so conspicuous
among scientists, and especially against the
gloomy pessimism of Schopenhauer, which is
President Harrison It. Barrett Addressing the Spiritualist Convention at Golden
Gate Hall Last Evening.
THE SAN FtfAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
the most degrading style of thought that over
obtained any currency in literature.
Tne profound religious sentiment of Pales
tine, which brought the Jewish nation into
close relation with the spirit world and ren
dered it possible for Christ to find among them
worthy apostles of his religion, has been
scarcely visible among the nations of the pres
ent century.
Apostles "ready to sacrifice fortune and even
life if necessary in the pursuit of spiritual and
relipiou* truth are almost unknown to-day.
The .-piritual movement oi to-day revives the
spirit and the scenes which murked the days
oi the apostles, when the power of the spirit
world was welcomed in every religious assein- I
bly and many were inspired with healing and
prophetic powers, which St. Paul urged them
to cultivate, regarding tne prophetic power as
especially valuable.
The spiritual movement to-day is largely a
renaissance of the spiritual phenomeuu of
primitive Christianity, making man familiar
witn the exalted life" of the spirit world and
capable of reaching the wise and ancient spir
its who attended the labors of Jesus and the
apostles, by whom our minds may be led to the
Almighty Father.
As In religion we are reviving the noblest
thoughts of antiquity, so in philosophy we
are turning away from modern materialism to
the loftier thoughts and purer sentiments oi
ancient philosophers.
The Spiri-ualist has the pure and earnest
faith of antiquity which animated the apos
ties, and he can sympathize with St. Paul in
his earnest language when he rejoiced that he
had fought the faithful light of duty and
knew there wns a crown waiting for him in
heaven.for we know that we may go with abso
lute certßinty from a well-spent file on earth to
some of the many mansions that are ready for
us. where all we love will welcome us, and
where the sunshine of divine love will never
be hidden by the clouds and storms of earth,
nor the music of celestial song be disturbed by
the eternal wail of our dearest friends in the
agonies of fire.
And Spiritualism will elevate our colleges
an-1 universities to the dignity and refinement
of ancient philosophy, which gave more atten
tion to our higher duties, our moral principles
and the invisible soul worid than to the physi
cal studies which are tributary to the shop and
the factory.
The Lyceum quartet and Young orches
tra furnished the music for the occasion.
The quartet rendered a selection, after
which an adjournment was taken until 2
o'clock.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Interesting Addresses Delivered
by Prominent Spiri
tualists.
The afternoon session was devoted to ad
dresses, songs and papt rs by well-known
spiritualists. William Emmet Coieman j
! spoke on "The Value of Spiritualism to the
| World." Among other things he said:
Spiritualism has demonstrated the existence
of the spiritual universe and of a future life
for man. In this materialistic age, when so I
; many are doubting— nay, are absolutely deny
i ing— the existence of aught in the universe ex
cept matter and force, had spiritualism done
nothing else but prove the existence of spirit,
that work would be the crowning glory of this
nineteenth century, exceeding all the achieve
ments at.d acquirements of material science
and phyt-ical discovery with which this teem
ing age is so prolific. Next, f>ri ritualism de- I
thrones the "King ol Terrors," destroying all i
tear of death.
In the spiritualistic philosophy death is j
shown to be an inestimable blessing tn the |
divine economy of nature— the pattiway to the
brighter glories and purer felicities of the I
sweet by-ar.d-hy. Relief from fear of death I
constitutes a gleaming, glittering jewel In the
I diademic circle crowning the laurel-entwined
i brow of modern spiritualists. Eternal pun
t ishment. another monster ghastly and gaunt,
i has fallen to the earth transfixed by the pierc
! ing dart of spiritualistic reveaiment. Progress
I eternal is, we know, through spiritualism the
| birthright of the human soul. No heart so
black with hate and fierce malignity but what
in time will be attuned to sweetest harmony
: and purest love; no soul so blood-stained,
iso thickly crusted o'er with vice and
crime, villainy and turpitude, but what
is destined as the ages roll to be
redeemed therefrom, to walic arrayed in robes
of purest white, symbolic of abiding virtue,
purity and truth. Kel! un<l fabled Satnn/the
whilom "roaring lion," coursing up and down
the earth, devouring old and young, the pau-
I per and the affluent, we now find tethered fast
I where'er the light of spiritual science illumes
I the pathway. Liberal Christianity, t'niversal-
I ism. Unitarianism, etc., sorely wounded the
I devil, but Spiritualism completely killed him
and buried him out of sight, beyond all hope
I of resurrection.
Vice-President W. T. Jones paid his
respects to the recent legislation in several
j of the Eastern States against mediums
and spiritualists, asking all present to join
the ranks of the Mediums' Protective As
sociation.
"One of the important matters that
should engage the attention of this con
vention," raid Mr. Jones, "is protection to
; medium" in the exercise of their minister
•ial functions. I need not tell you that J
anless this i? secured the avenues of com
munication with the spirit world will be
:losed. Some of our sister States have
ilready passed laws which may seriously
iffect "our mediums and healers, and
judging from the experience of some of
the mediums in this City during the past
\rear we may take warning and begin to
prepare ourselves for a similar fate.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
Let 'Justice to all, special privileges to
none, 1 be our motto and watchword.
"We are living in an age when statutory
enactments affect and control, in a meas
ure, almost every human acaon aud in
terest, and since the laws of our iand to
some extent are framed by and through
the influence of cunning and selfish de
signing men for their own aggrandize
ment, is it to be wondered at tbat the
pages of our statute books are disgraced
with arbitrary and unjust laws?
"Lite every movement in the past hav
ing in view the enlightenment and the
emancipation of the human mind from the
darkness of ignorance and the bondage of
superstition, spiritualism has received its
share of reproach and calumny, its seers,
prophets and mediums, and its advocates
everywhere in some way have suffered.
"1 have not time to cite cases to prove
my Btatemeut. The facts are well known
to many of you. The rights of individu
als guaranteed by the constitution of our
country have been too often disregarded.
Freedom to exercise natural and latent
gifts and powers to minister to the need 6
of humanity, especially when this power
is used to alleviate pain, has been ma
liciously denied to our spiritual and mag
netic healing mediums,"
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou, famous in spirit
ualistic circles, discoursed on "Spiritual
ism. Its Benefits to Women, Home and
the Government." The main point of her
argument centered in a general proposi
tion that spiritualism had done much to
elevate woman, giving her perfect freedom
of thought and action, thereby making
her a factor in the government of the
country.
Miss Ella Wneeler Marchant of San
Bernardino followed in a poetical address
on "Tne World's Nine O'clock." Mrs.
Cowell of Oakland then delivered what
she called an ' inspned talk," after which
Miss Jennie C. Read of Portland spoke as
foilowa:
I have not come bciore you particularly as a
spiritualist representative, for 1 am within the
pale of the Unitarian Church. Still, profes
sion counts very little, for "by their fruits ye
shall know them."
Creeds are worthless, save as you make them
accord with your everyday liic.
However, 1 am glad to say to the friend* here
that 1 believe in spiritual phenomena and the
ci'Miuunication of the two worlds.
It is not every church member who believes,
who Is willing to a>seut it. I claim no credit
for an honest statement, nor venture to ques
tion the attitude oi others. Spiritualism is the
fundamental principle of most rehgious. That
angels hover over us and guurd us. is taught
from all pulpits of the Christian churches.
But when you call it spiritualism they hoid
up their hands In holy horror.
Friends, we need no appeal asking God to
come to us, bu« simply a recognition of the dl-
Tine within each and every one of us. Oar
spiritß are his pulsating life— the very fiber of
his being.
May we all feel In spirit and In truth, "Thy
will, not mine, be done." so that the mani
festation of the highest life may come through
each and every one of us.
Every nubia thought uttered here today is
the expression of a higher intelligence playing
upon divine instruments, whether It be from
an individualized gpirlt upon the other t^ide of
life or inspiration irom the all-pervaaing ele
ment of spirit and thought that exists all
about us.
We also have a personal spiritual influence
upon those with whom we come in contact.
T;ia: we aro responsible for as to how we play
upon sensitive natures aud whether we create
ui-oo'd or harmony. For It is not alone the
spoken words that give power, not merely the
outward utterance*, but the awakened con
science, the silent thoughts, the warm, pul
sating heart overflowing with love for human
ity and a desire to ameliorate its conditions.
After a song by the Lyceum Quartet the
convention adjourned until 7:3u o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
President Barrett and Other Load-
Ing Spiritualists Deliver Brief
The evening session resulted in a feast
of good things from a spiritualistic point
lof view. President Barrett, J. Clegg
Wright and Charles Dawbarn were the
| speakers, and not one of the trio failed to
sustain his well-known reputation as a
public speaker and exponent of spiritual
j istic ideas.
"The Philosophy of Spiritualism" was
j the subject of J. Clegg Wrizht's remarks.
Charles Dawbarn, famous locally by rea
' son of a series of lectures delivered in Met
! ropolitan Temple »orne months ago, fol
' lowed with a brief address on the "Science
i of Spiritualism."
National President Barrett, the last
I speaker ol the evening, received a perfect
| ovation when he arose to discuss the reli-
I gion of spiritualism.
The programme for to-day is as follows:
Morning 10 o'clock and afternoon at 2 o'clock
devoted to organization; ton-minute addnuei
on benefits of organization by President Harri
| son D. Barrett, delegates, speakers and med
| iums; two sessions oi important interest to the
I cause of spiritualism.
Evening— B o'clock, close of the convention;
i tests and phenomena: overture, "Spirit Vi
| sions," ;R. B. Young) Young's Orchestra; John
Slater, in tests; music; Mrs. J. J. Wkitney,
spirit message*; Mrs. A M. Francis (in ante
room circles), slate writing.
Notes.
Mrs. Ladd-Jb'innican, formerly of Port
land but more recently of this City, was
among the interested spectators. Mrs.
Finnican has been an active worker in
spiritualistic circles for more than thirty
one years.
Trie object of the present convention is
the formation of a State organization.
There is in the State of California 100 soci
eties, representing about 15,000 people.
The board of managers of the conven
tion received many congratulations yester
day over the successful reception tendered
President Barrett on Saturday night at 110
Hayes street.
SPANISH PEOPLE PICNIC.
Sun Rafael Fark the Scene of a Most
Snccemiful Outing.
The Spanish Benevolent Society of Cali
fornia held its nineteenth annual picnic at
Schoen's San Rafael I'ark yesterday, and
the affair was, in the opinion of ttie mem
bers and their friends, the most successful
event of the kind which this organization
has yet held.
Dancing, bowling for prizes, running
races and similar amusements contributed
to the day's sport.
The committee having the affair in
charge was Jose Alonzo, president; J. J.
Fatjo, treasurer; M. Garcia, secretary; M.
Arjo, recording secretary; S. Mendez, vice
president, and Louis Guardea, floor man
ager. _
Hoitt's School Reception.
The literary exercises at the annual re
ception of Hoitt's school at Burlingame
last Saturday were of a high order. A
large company was in attendance and
offered generous applause as each boy
acquitted himself with credit. A bounti
ful lunch was served, followed by an exhi
bition in field sports, which were also of a
high order, two of the participants having
won fir.it medals in league contests. The
school colors are green and gold, and the
school hall was beautifully decorated in
these colors. A social dance in the even
ing ended the festivities, which, as a
whole, were much enjoyed by the boys
and their friends. This closes the hfth
year of this excellent institution, which is
accredited at both of our universities.
Ex-State Superintendent Hoitt is well
known in educational matters. The men
tion of his name as master of the jchooi
is a guarantee to all who know him. thai
none Uut first-class teachers are employed
and that tl)3 school under his manage
ment ranks among the lirst of its kiad.
Nowhere are boys better cared for.
Gas Consumers' Association (the old
company), 31ti Post street.
GOING AFTER
LI HUNG CHANG.
Arrival of Louis Spitzel of
Shanghai, Sent by
the Emperor.
RETURNS VIA THIS CITY
Will Meet Chang in London or
Paris and Come to New
York.
HIS RETINUE OF SIXTY.
Chang Drew His Petitions on the Em
peror and Stumped Him — Big
gest Man in China.
Among the arrivals here last night from j
China via Vancouver was Louis Spitzel of ;
Shanghai, the sole representative of the j
Thames Iron Works in China, who has i
been delegated by the Emperor of the j
Flowery Kingdom to go and meet Li
Hung Chang, who is attending the coro- j
nation of the Czar at Moscow.
Mr. Spitzel will conduct the great Chi
nese through America, and will come to
San Francisco, where he and his charge
will take ship for Cnina. Mr. Spitzal is
accompanied by his son and his secretary.
He has been a number of years in China,
and has taken some big contracts there.
As the representative of the Thames Iron
Works he has filled several orders for
ships, has filled some contracts for railroad
material, and during the Chinese-Japanese
war furnished guns, munitions and other
supplies in enormous quantities.
In his own words he has made "con
tracts amounting to some millions" in
China, and it is not unlikely that he will
fur man other millions of supplies to China.
Mr. Spitzel will not be able to reach
Moscow at the end of the coronation exer
cises, so he will meet Li Hung Chang in
Paris or London, and after being with liim
a while there will start for the United
States.
"Li Hung Chang has a retinue of sixty
persons with him, including Lord Li and
several other notable persons, besides his
secretaries and followers," Btid Mr.
Spitzel at the Palace last ni^ht.
"Li Hung Chang does not speak English,
but he is so shrewd a man that no differ
ence in what language you speak he knows
from your manner substantially what you
have said. He is an extraordinary char
acter in every way, and is stronger than
j ever he was in China. He is bigger than
th<s Chinese Emperor.
"I waa there and dined with him on his
seventy-third birthday, on February 18
last. He looked ten years younger than
he was. He sleeps as sound as an infant.
"Li gets up at 6 o'clock in the morning,
works till 12, has lunch and then works
till 3in the afternoon. At 10 at night he
retires to bed, and doee not have a dream
that disturbs him. He is, as I have said,
a wonderful man.
"He has been the real man behind
China all along. He petitioned the Em
peror three years ago for an army and
navy that would meet the exigencies of
the case. He saw what wa« coniina: and
wanted to be ready. But he could not
convince anybody that he was right.
" Wi.en fault was found with him at the
time of the war he produced coDies of his
petition to the Emperor. His position
then was acknowledged as being rieht,
and he is a bigger man to-day than he
has ever been. They see that he is the
only man who can reform China.
"I think there will be only one Viceroy,
and that be will be Li Hung Chang.
"The Americans have got a chance to get
in and build railways there. Li Hung
Chang told me he was very friendly to the
Americans, and tacitly said tbat he felt
like favoriua; the people of this country.
"I will meet him in London or Paris,
come back to Southampton with nim and
then cross to New York. We will stay
there a short time and then go to Wash
ington and possibly to Chicago, and then
will come straight to San Francisco. We
will be here several days before sailing.
"1 want to say you have got a good Con
sul to Shanghai in Mr. Jernegan. Min
ister Denby is also a very popular man."
Mr. Spitzel will leave to-day for the
East.
fiimwmß ftimit ixgS, queens and '|
mighty potentate* use sarsaparilia. If
they use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilia they '
are not covered with boils, pimples and
facial blemishes. Joy's does the work
quietly and harmlessly. Use .
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. ' Joy Company— Gentle-
men: I have taken your Vegetable Sarsa-
parilia and can say L have never seen any-
thing equal to it. I have suffered ten
years with dyspepsia, not being able to eat
anything but milk and brown bread. Life
was nothing but misery for me.
Now I have a cood appetite, eat any-
thing I wish and. feel no . disagreeable [
effects from it. I wish I could tell all dys-
peptics and urge them to try your Vege- 1
table Sarsaparilia. '*■-/■,' .
Signed MR. JOHN TIMOTHY, .
Fo'rbestowri, Cal.
DO YOU KNOW THAT THERE 16 SCIENCE
IN NEATNESS? BE WISE AND USE
SAPOLIO
HUDYAN DID IT.
RI'MAi HID IT .„,„„
where the an-
fo rtunate
HUDYM DID IT Si
Great Hud-
„.___. WT ._ T _. __ _._ yan was used
HUDYAN DID TH"
Hudyan x s
the great
fII]DYANDIDITI?p
cures Lost
Manhood,
lIITI\IT HI DID IT Si!
59 1 111 l\ III II II tlon9 < nerv "
nijl/litil 1/11/ 11 ous debility,
neurasthenia
8 p c rniator-
HUDYAN DID IT irS
gland. Hud-
yan is the re-
liriWlY TiTli IfT m edio treat-
111 11l 111 111 II M ment for
liUlfiiill VIV 11 m en. When
you are in
doubt you
111 THY 7 AIT DID IT must use the
In \\ in X9 1 g reat hi
UL> If 121x1 1/117 11 J. an it stops
drains, ere-
HUDYAN DID IT ates a ca-
UIThV 4\T Rift IT p acity where
HI 111 Aii I! Ill 1 1 a inck exist *
1111/lllxl 1/11/ 11 and is your
true nerve-
giver. Send
HUDYAN DID IT' r
• HUDYAN !
: CURES :
FREE. :
"
BIT OF BLOOD.
Your blood will tell us in a moment
your past history. If your blood is im-
pure, if your blood is tainted, don't go to
Hot Springs. The old doctors can cure
you. The old doctors will cure you. But
Blood Circulars speak for Blood Troubles.
Send for
: blood :
; CIRCULARS. :
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts.
ll§ $85-^
Is Equivalent to Buying Gold
Dollars at 85 cents .....
They are the very best of all
high grades .
! Ladle*' and Gentlemen's Models.
Most Symmetrical Lines and Elegant Finish.
jfiK FIRST PAYMENT &g PER WEEK
I This offer applies only to resident* of San Francisco, .
Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda ""■> — ■
OAKLAND *OINCY, »O1 •*•! PASLO AVIKUI
' Catalog and Application Blank Tea* .
Ipdiaoa Bieyqle Qo. f
J. S. CON WELL, Manager,
18 and 20 iicAUUter St., S. P.
m MONARCH J
I pJfARUI ill,E lUefI€TOBIH CO., gi
m 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. . ,"♦-,
.*. 'HAS. BROWN* SOX, 807 Market, Agt. £ j
•§ C. F. SALOMON-SON A CO., Twelfth and •*<
!O Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. . O.
w/& 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECTAI.TY— DISKASES OF JIEX, INCLl'D-
►Jlnir all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Din- j
: eases of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience. '
I Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms :
reasonable. Office Hours. Bto 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. .Sundays, 10 to 12. ConKultatlonfreeand
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOSCOE MoNCI/rir, M. D.,
as- Kearnj Street, Han Francisco, Cal.
>ffiSvDEWEY ft.CO.^!S^
vl s PATEMTSI a?
_^£^220 MARKET ST.S.F^y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA3II AN A BITTERS,- THS
O great Mexican Remedy; gives lieaUJi «aJ
bureugUi to the sexual organ*
HEW TO-PAT:
FAI L e^
DOCTOR BWEANY.
II" is acknowledged to be the most success-
ful Specialist of the age in the treatment of
all Nervous, Chronic and Private diseases of
both sexes. Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility,
Night Emissions, Exhausting .Drains, Impo-
tency and all sexual weaknesses and disorders
of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN a
life-long study and practice. Special atten-
tion given to diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head,
Heart. Throat, Stomach, Liver and Bowels;
Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Organs. Prompt
and perfect cures guaranteed. The worthy
poor of the city are welcome to his best pro-
fessional services on Friday afternoons of
every week, free and without cost. Hours:
9t012A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sun-
days 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
F. L. SWEAHY, M P., 737 Market St..
I- L. OflLnUl, HI. U., San Francisco. Cal.
STATEMENT
OF THE! .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
Insurance Company (Limited)
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE SIST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
Bmlingou that day as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections CIO and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up In
cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $1, 257. 368 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds.stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks 45.066 00
Premiums Indue eourseof collection 218.059 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 9,055 00
Stamps on hand 962 00
Total assets $1,540,000 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or Id
suspense 128,700 00
Gross premiums on marine and in- 1
land navigation risks: reinsur- 1
ance 100 per cent r 116.055 00
Gross premiums on marine time |
risks: reinsurance 50 per cent.. J
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc., ami sundry creditors 109,431 00
Amount carried to suspenca account. 28,780 00
Total liabilities $382,966 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for marine
premiums 430,335 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 35,390 00
Total income $465.725 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses... 412.901 00
Div lends to stockholders 50,000 00
Paid for salaries. feus and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 37,795 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ; 1,220 00
AH other payments and expenditures 10,045 00
Total expenditures *511,961 00
Losses incurred during the year $394,976 00
BISKS AND PREMIUMS.
! UAKINK RISKS. | PREMIUMS.
Net amount of risks I
written during the I
year I $60,136,700 $430,336 00
Net amount of risKs j
expired during |
the year | 67.079.885 1 1,830 00
Net amount in force i I
December 31, I
1895 I 7.490.4501 116,055 00
JAS. G. NICHOLSON, President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day
of February, 1896. . '-> ■
W. J. STJLIS. •
Vice and Deputy Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECRELS & BROS. COMPAQ,
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS.
Office, -407-409 Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone Main 5968.
STATEMENT
OF TEX
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY AMD CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1805,
and for the year ending on that day, as made to
I the Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
I fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Mecttons 810
and 611 of the Political Code, consented as per
blank furnished by tne Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital ' stock paid up
in cash $250,000 00
ASSETS. .
Real esta'e owned by the company.. . $579,460 49
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,384.870 00
Cash in company's office 28,312 65
Cashin banks 41,78051
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,655 16
Premiums in due course of collection 296,198 50
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash
in company's possession) 7.808 41
Total assets .$2,341,085 72
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses in process of adjustment or")
in suspense > $409,547 56
Losses resisted lnclndlng expenses,!
I Total unearned premiums 1,342,02907
i Due to other companies for reinsur-
ance . 5,742 10
All other demands against the com- ■
panj 14,171 7S, V
Total liabilities 1. . $1.772.090 4|
INCOME. r
Net cash actually received for I
premiums $2,500,958 3?
Received for interest and dividends j , /
on bonds, stocks, loans and from • ' t-
all other sources 102,310 ""* \
Received for profit on securities \\ ~
sold :.......... • 410l\-
Total income $2,603,678 87 ',\
expenditures! ~jf
Net amount paid for losses $910,663 10 1
Dividends to stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or - ij
brokeraKe..... 665,249 55
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc:.. 234,007 44
I Paid for State, National and local ' < '
taxes 45,620 64.
All other payments and expendi-
tures ;. . 519,784 00 ■
Total expenditures $2,415,315 03
GEORGE F. SEWARD, President.
ROBKRT J. HILLAs, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day
of January, 1896.
K. A. RABENER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, 1 :^;
S. CL PARDEE, Resident Manager,
Mutual Life Building,
j SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
56
Qfc __^ <&H
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Calx, one week, by carrier. .SO.l 5
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. . 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Calx,, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
VnkKLY Call, one year, by mall 1.50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation T If
so, It is no trenble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHAKGE. • *•■>
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone , Main-186»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone... Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ntil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 KlmJb street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
906 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
MONDAY MAY 25, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
To the extremist on any issue all mod
eration is a straddle.
If the unexpected happens Congress may
do something this week.
A divided Democracy is what Populism
is counting on for a dividend.
The St. Louis Convention is a conundrum
that can be answered only by itself.
The next step for Republicans is to get
ready for the ratification meetings.
The most popular dissolving views at
present are on tne financial question.
Democracy has no platform, no candi
date, no watchword and no band-wagon.
It is said if Congress adjourns early
Cleveland will call it back. He has a
string on it.
There is no longer any question of har
mony in the Republican party, and the
thing to be attended to now is organiza
tion.
Tbe Russell boom has got co far ahead
of others in tbe Democratic swim that a
good many people have begun to call him
Billy.
The average Democrat doesn't mind the
humiliation of having to eat his Cleveland
record, but what grinds him is that it is
so tough.
Three years' experience with Democracy
has convinced the people that a party
which cannot govern right has no right
to govern.
Cleveland may have thought that under
the circumstances the Dest way to get a
note on the third term to his party was to
drop it in the dead letter office.
They do not call it "Greater Sew York"
in that city, but "Grander New York,"
with a tone which implies that mere great
ness is the least of their ambitions.
A bill has been introduced into Con
gress to forbid excursion steamers from
interfering with yacht races, and thus the
Dunraven episode promises some good
result after all.
It has been discovered that the city pay
rolls of Chicago are frequently stuffed,
thus showing what may be expected of a
town where sausage-making is the pre
vailing industry.
The transfer-check system is a circus for
the Market-street Kailway Company, but
if the Supervisors pass the Dimond ordi
nance they will give the people a show
that will even up things.
Boies and Tillman are still sitting on
the Democratic ience, but they are keep
ing a close watch on the Populist proces
sion, and nothing would please them
better than to get a chance to lead it.
If any American should be shot in Cuba
the responsibility will rest with the ad
ministration that should long ago have
acted in accordance with the voice of Con
gress and given Cuba peace and freedom.
The announcement that the flying
squadron is to be disbanded will cause
nine men out of ten to wonder where and
when they ever heard of that squadron be
fore, and what it was supposed to be flying
from.
Young men who are to cast their first
Presidential vote this year should be
among the earliest to join a Republican
League Club so as to be in a position to
study intelligently the whole course of
the campaign from start to finish.
Under a newly adopted sanitary ord
nance in New York any one who spits on
the floor of a public building, a railway car
or a ferry-boat, is liable to arrest and im
prisonment. So the average American
citizen in that metropolis will have to
travel around with a pocket cuspidor.
The latest step in the way of civic reform
in the East is a demand that all city pay
rolls shall be published monthly, giving a
classified list of names, addresses and sal
aries or wages of all persons employed in
each department. It is believed such a
course would frighten payroll staffers and
save big money.
Tbe absence at this stage of the cam
paign of any of those free-trade documents
which were scattered about so plentifully
in tbe last three Presidential elections is
fairly Rood proof that we are about to en
ter a new era in which the protective sys
tem will be accepted as the established
policy of tbe country.
Slowly across the continent has come a
wailing voice, complaining that no one
invited Congress to attend the unveiling
of tbe Hancock monument, but, as it is
known that Cleveland made the principal
speech of the occasion, it is hardly neces
lary to lay that it ia not Congress that is
doing the complaining.
The lower house of the Massachusetts
Legislature, oy a vote of 88 to 84. appro
r riated $50,000 to erect an equestrian statue
to General Butler, and thus the doughty
iid warrior is likely to get a true monu
mental revenge on the Boston aristocrats
mho thought be was not good enongh to
be recog.ili«d while alive.
THE OLD CRY.
The old cry of the Democratic party that
under protection tbe wealth increase of
tbe country goes to factory proprietors is
being put in running order for the ap
proaching campaign. It is a device to
play upon the credulity of people who al
low their party leaders to do their think
ing for them. It has done the party good
service hitherto and doubtless will hold a
good many in line in the coming struggle,
and it is hardly worth the while of any
one to try to set them right. It is the
business and the duty of Republicans to
demonstrate with facts, figures and expe
rience the fallacy of the charge that pro
tection enriches the few at the expense of
the many, but it is not incumbent upon
them to undertake to supply Democratic
idiocy with common sense wherewith to
apprehend so simple a proposition that it
would be absolutely impossible for factory
owners to absorb the wealth increase of
the country. There is equal participation
in it from tbe producer of tbe raw material
to the retail merchant. That is to say,
each factor in tbe process receives in pro
portion to bis importance and investment.
It is true, however, as has been demon
strated over and over again, that under
free trade the wealth increase of this coun
try goes by a very short route to the Dock
ets of foreign factory owners. Our farm
ers know somewhat of the fallacy of Dem
ocratic economic theories* by experience.
In 1892 they exported breadstuffs
amounting to $299,363,000, fend last year
they had hard work to sell $114,604,000
worth of their products to foreign con
sumers. But our farmers are not having
all the deadly results of Democratic free
trade. Under Clevelandism we are buying
annually about $80,000,000 worth of mer
chandise from Brazil and we sell in the
markets of tbat country about $15,000,000
worth of our goods and wares. Meanwhile
England is selling Brazil about $47,000,000
worth of goods and buys about $5,000,000
worth. This leaves an annual trade bal
ance in favor of England of $42,00iJ,000.
which tnis country pays.
In view of these facts the stupidity of
some cf the rank and file of the Democratic
party must be very dense, else the leaders
would not so boldly deny the official
figures of exports and imports under the
administration of their own party. But
no doubt they overestimate the credulity
of even the most stupid of their followers,
for the experience of wage-earners since
the repeal of the protective laws has been
lamely in the line of job-hunting and en
forced idleness, with a painful scarcity of
money to buy bread and meat. In other
words, the Democratic party has been
running an economic school the past three
years and the people are very much better
educated now than they were. Hunger
and idleness have made their judgment
dangerously keen for Democratic use, and
no doubt they will right the wrongs that
have been heaped upon others by Cleve
land's free trade monstrosity.
SPANISH GENERALS.
The generals of no nation in the world
ever made such a record for stupidity, in
capacity and lying as the epauleted frauds
who have commanded the Spanish troops
in Cuba since early in the year 1895. The
Spanish political year-book for 18)5, which
has recently been received in this country,
gives the following authentic account of
the number of soldiers the Madrid Govern
ment sent to Cuba iast year to crush the
rebellion :
Troops in Cuba February 24, 1895 13,000
First expedition from Spain 8,593
Second expedition 7,477
Third expedition r. 4,068
Fourth expedition „ 2,96.:
Fifth expedition ft,601
Sixth expedition 29,055
Seventh expedition 26,5*23
Eighth expedition 9.033
Ninth expedition 18.901
Troops at Porto Kico sent to Cuba 1,662
Cavalry paid by Havana 800
Naval infantry incorporated in the army.. 3.000
Volunteers of Havana 2,000
Volunteers sent from fcpain 2,600
Criminals pardoned and enlisted 8,700
Reserved called out to replace tne dead.... 23,000
New reserves called at the end of IS»S 8.000
Total men 172,295
In addition to these 172.295 soldiers from
Spain Cuba has furnished, under compul
sion, of course, fully 50,000 for garrison
duty in Havana and other cities. This
gives a grand total of 222,295 well armed
and well drilled soldiers, who, after light
ing for fifteen months, find themselves
huddled up in towns and cities for safety.
Meanwhile, the rebels have captured and
now hold all of every one of the six prov
inces of the Island except the towns and
cities, and no doubt they would hold those
situated out of reach of the Spanish navy
if it were to their interest to hold them.
But the singular part of it all is the five
corps which constitute the rebel forcas da
not number over 45,000 all told and most
of them have been poorly armed until
quite recently. Hitherto the Spanish gen
erals have referred to the insurgents as an
army of invaders, but now that the rebel
General Gomez has issued an order
calling his ' troops "The Republic's
Army of Occupation" General Weyler
will probably work himself into a
fit of long-range exasperation and shoot
a batch of old men and women. However,
Spain is hurrying to dispatch 40,000 more
men to engage in putting down the rebel
lion, which will make the grand total sent
against the 45,000 rebels mount up to
262,295.
When it is remembered that, according
to Spanish reports, there has been a battle
every day for nearly 400 days and that the
rebels have invariably retreated after los
ing about ten men to Spain's two, one is
disposed to ask whether the rebels have
the power to reincarnate the next moment
after death or whether General Weyler
and his officers do not know how to tell
the truth. Anyway, if President Cleve
land does not hurry up and recognize the
belli. erency of the Cubans the opportunity
may slip him. They may not want it
later on.
HOPELESSLY DIVIDED.
The Democratic party is hopelessly
divided on the money question, and the
report is that each faction will appear in
the Chicago Convention under the leader
ship of a kind of Jack the Kipper. It is
said, however, that the Cleveland wing or
gold standardites are beginning to experi
ence about the same feeling that vertigo
imparts to the human organism — dizziness
and swimming in the head.
It is hinted that Cleveland himself is
now perfectly willing that the other side
shall have the organization, platform and
candidates if the convention will spare his
administration the humiliation of being
denounced for betraying the party. Mr.
Cleveland knows bis interpretation of the
money plank of the platform of 1892 was
not only not warranted by the traditions
of the party, but was diametrically opposed
to the spirit and meaning of the planic as
understood by the convention and that
there is no escape for his reputation for
unfair dealing except by covering it up in
seeming forgetfulness by the coming con
vention.
Boies, Bland ana Altgeld, however, re
member the snubbing the administration
basgivjn them, and now that things are
surely coming then way they are not dis
posed to hold the hand of their Jack the
Ripper. It is fair to assume that the op
position to Cleveland* administration is
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
born of a sincere belief that he ana his co
adjutors deliberately and for a ourpose de
parted from the rut in whicn the party has
always traveled, and that the shades of
Jefferson and Jackson would torment them
were they to fail to administer a telling re
buke to the would-be destroyer of the party.
But anyway, there will be a big row,
which will so weaken the Democracy that
the business interests of tbe country will
be so firmly rooted in Republican princi
ples of government that if it should ever
again show strength it could do no more
harm than any other ghost.
CAUSE OF LUNACY.
Dr. L. Forbes Winslow, the eminent
London neurologist, is out with a com
parative statement of the percentage of
insane to the population in various coun
tries. He finds that France gives the low
est and Ireland the highest percentage,
which is a great surprise. The people of
France have been supposed to be degen
erating mentally and physically for sev
eral generations. The average Frenchman
has the reputation of preferring a life
which contemplates nights and days of
high and riotous livine, mostly in the di
rection of those things which bear heavi
est upon the nervous system ; but if Dr.
Winslow is right either the character of
the French people is misunderstood or
their habits are conducive to results quite
the opposite of lunacy.
It is no less a surprise to be told that the
people of Ireland furnish a larger per
centage of insane than America, England
or Scotland, for as a race they are a happy,
fun-making and fun-loving people. It is
an old saying that trouble must be great
when an Irishman cannot throw it
off at his heels, but Dr. Winslow
says that 1 in 303 Irishmen and 1 In
747 Frenchmen "go daft." For America
his figures are 1 to 623, for Scotland 1 to
430 and England 1 to 400. These ligures
are remarkable in that they upset all
neurological data on the subject and con
tradict the theory that licentious luxury
and dissipation are conducive to lunacy.
But the good doctor must be mistaken,
just as he was in many of his statements
before the Medico-Legal Society in New
York latt year. Putting aside the exces
sive dissipation in America, the rush,
whirl and excitement of our business life
is a strain upon the mind and nerves such
as no other people invite or indulge in,
and yet Dr. Winslow says the quiet and
fun-loving people of Ireland turn out
more than twice the percentage of crazy
folk. If the doctor knows what he is talk
ing about, the way to keep out of the lu
natic asylum is to limit one's excesses
only to bis physical and cash ability to
keep in the whirl. If Dr. Winslow will
tell how he arrived at his conclusions he
may convince the world that he ia rluht.
but meanwhile people generally will keep
on believing that ''early to bed and early
to rise makes a man healthy and happy
and wise."
COAST EXCHANGES.
The Redlands Citrograph Eays that the ex
citement regarding the oil fields in San Tim
oteo and Keche canyons is not abating, but ia
on tbe increßse. There is a huge rush to se
cure locations, and claims are being located
in some cases a half a dozen times over. The
canyons and sagebrush-covered bills bristle
with location notices, some of them reported
to be a mile or two off tha land they are sup
posed to cover. That there is oil underlying
the section referred to there Is no doubt. Just
how much will prove paying property remains
yet to be proved.
Santa Rosa bicyclists are now burning Coal
ings oil in their bicycle-lamps with satisfac
tory results. The Republican of the first-named
city, having received a sample of refined coal
oil from Captain Frank Barrett's wells near
Coalinga, observes that "the oil is brilliantly
clear, has tbe odor of the best kerosene and
burns with a bright flame and little smoke.
Tbe well.* in tbe western part of this county
are producing the finest grade of oil found on
tbe Pacific Coast, if not the belt in the United
States. Tbe prospect of practically unlimited
quantities being found, and of such superior
quality, means the development of a new and
vast industry in this part of the State."
The Stockton Mail reports that Robert L. Ed
wards, former Public Administrator of San
Joaquin County, has discovered an nsbcutot
mine which he thinks will bring him a fortune
before long. It is situated about fourteen miles
east of Raymond. Fays the MtU: The fact
that there was a deposit of asbestos there was
first suggested by the cropplngs of the ma
terial. Investigation Boon convinced Edwards
that there was & valuable deposit beneath the
ground and he was not slow in locating. The
ledge is one and a half feet at a depth of
twenty feet and after takiug out about two
tons of the valuable material he found no in
dication of any lessening of the ledge. A shaft
was run down at an angle of about forty-five
degrees and showed the exceedingly fine char
acter of the ledge. According to the owner
the material will bring about $75 a ton and aa
it is easily mined there will be an immense
profit In the working of the mine if the supply
ie what it appears to be. The asbestos at the
Edwards mine is not of the finest quality, but
it is good enough for all purposes of packing,
for which it is used about machinery. In spots
it runs to a very high grade.
Two big irrigation systems are destined to
work wonders in the extensive Salinas Valley.
The San Lorenzo Creek main canal is nine
miles long, twenty feet wide in the bottom
Bnd five feet deep, and bag a capacity to irri
gate 250 acres every twelve hours. The Sa
linas River canal will be fourteen miles long,
thirty feet wide on the bottom and five feet
deep. With reference to the matter, the King
City Settler says:
Too much cannot be said of the advantages of
irrigation with water from the Salinas Riwr, as it
carries ft fine sediment composed of gypsum and
lime, which, distributed over the land, acts as a
splendid fertilizer.
With these two systems In operation, who can
estimate the benefit that will accrue to this valley?
Within six months 8500 acres of the richest and
beat land the sun ever shone on will be under Irri
gation, every acre of which will grow all kinds of
deciduous fruits, sugar h •;.•<, alfalfa and cereals.
Already the effect of Irrigation Is seen. Two
hundred acres of orchard an 1 165 acr.s of sugar
beets were planted on the San Lorenzo rancho
alone, which Is a small percentage of what will bt
planted the coming season. The Salinas Valley
Orchard Company Is preparing to plant on a por
tion of [be San Hamto rancho 200 acres in winter
apples, and will seed 135 acres to sugar beets this
winter. .
While no fault can be fonnd with the railroad
tariff on beets from King City to Wataonville, it
being only 75 cents per ton, we should have a
sugar factory where the beets are grown. With
the large acreage under Irrigation, the lime is not
far distant whan we will have not only a sugar
factory, but canneries to preserve tha fruits grown
here.
In calling attention to the fact that the vast
sandy wastes'lying between the Colorado River
and the coast are unprovided with means to
give the traveler his bearings and direct him
to the nearest water, the San Diego Union de
clares that the absence of sign-posts is a seri
ous drawback to prospecting on the desert.
The paper in question suggests relative action
in the premises by the interested counties:
Many a man who would put money Into a mine
If he could see it for himself declines to undergo
the perils of a trip over the desert. Even good
miners whose held has heretofore been in less
daagi-rous regions shrink from prospecting over
the unmarked sandy wastes. Still, desert mining
will in fiuure be one of ibe grectest sources of
Southern Ca ifornla's wealth. It would be won
derfully stimulated, WSwevar, were the counties
that are chit- fly interested to take united action to
remove what is at present the great drawback to
the industry.
Four whales have been caught in Monterey
Bay already thia year and the Monterey *Yew
Era is led to remark that '-whaling promises to
become once more one of the leading indus
tries of the town." A whale which will yield
450 gallons of oil was captured there last week
and Captain Jose Pedro states that he expects
an excellent season. The New Era reports him
thus:
He said that the most whales should be caught
during tbe months of August. September, October,
November and December, when they should be In
nrime condition. Daring these months. h« ex
plained, a good-sljed whale should rie d all the
way from SOO to 2000 jtallonaof oil. Speaking of
past exppriecces the veteran whaler told of one
notable day, eight years ago, when four enormons
whales were caußht here in one day, the oil from
which amounted to more than 7000 gallons.
Discussing the bad roads question in the
light of a local campaign issue, the Los An
geles Tinittr makes the pertinent suggestion:
By way of a starrer in this matter how would It
do this fall to make candidates for Supervisors
take a castlron pledge to favor a comprehensive
system of road improvement that will put an end
to the present extravagant method of tinkering
roads and give us the beginning of a first-class
system of public highways? Our present nietbed,
or rather lack of method, of constructing roads is
extravagant and, ridiculous, and would have ex
cited the derision of those early road-bullder» 000
years or more ago. whose work still remains In
food preservation on the continent of Europe.
The American idea of a country road appears to
b* to level off the soil and wherever there is a hole
filling it with loose dlrt-and then filling it again.
It needs as much science to construct a flrst-claa»
road that will last as It does to put up a building,
yet it la taken for granted that the first man you
meet on the street can build a road. Conse
quently it is no wrnrter that the roada of this
con utry cost every rive years almost as much a*
tbe courthouse, and then we have nothing to show
for iv
The Oakdale (Stanislaus County) Leader has
opened Its eighth volume. A newspaper so
faithful and so beneficial to the best Interest!
of the community in which it is published de
serves success, and it is gratifying to note that
the Leader gives evidence of a good measure of
prosperity.
The Current Topics of Pasadena, recently pur
chased by W. S. Gilmore, has been materially
improved, and has its name changed to Town
Talk. Tbe new proprietor will endeavor to
make an up-to-date paper of live local Interest
aud devoid of plate matter.
Contra Costa County now has eight news
papers, the latest addition being tbe Danville
Sentinel, published by \V. C. Lewis, formerly of
tbe Walnut Creek Scntvul.
Tbe Gilroy Gazette it sixteen years old. It is
an excellent exponent of the advantages of the
southern part of tbe famous Santa Clara Valley.
.The Paso Robles Leader has just celebrated
its tenth anniversary. The Ltadcr has grown
up with the town, and is an index of the pros
perity of Paso Robles.
The Riverside Reficx is an authority on South
ern California agricultural matters, and its
value seems to be appreciated In the liberal
support accorded It. Tbe paper is now in in
ninth volume.
J. H. Lindsey and Will D. Stevens have as
sumed control of tbe Placer Republican, They
are bright, energetio young men, and they pro
pose to make their journal a strong helper in
the Republican cause during the coming cam
paign.
The Biges (Butte County) .Votes appear* this
week in a fine new dress and enlarged form.
The editor, Frank F. Carnduff, intends that at
all times the Biggs A'otu shall be fresh, "full
of vim, vinegar and enterprise."
That attractive little newspaper, the Gilroy
Telegram, having passed its third year, its
editor, R. G. Einfelt, rises to remark: "With
hope for continued support and encourage,
ment we launch forth for another mile-poet
with brave hearts and renewed industry."
The rapid progress which Porterville, Tulare
County, is making is shown by the fact that
tbe Advance, which as a weekly did so much to
forward tbe interests of the community, has
become a dally.
Tbe Santa Ana Herald has branched out as a
daily. Messrs. Shaw <fc Wallace, the publish
ers, declare their aim to furnish a daily that
will be esteemed and patronized for iv busi
ness worth. To correct an impression that the
Herald is simply a campaign enterprise the
editors make this statement: "The paper is
here to stay, and we aope and expect it may
live to tight many a campaign through in tbe
ranks of America's grandest political organi
zation — the Republican party."
The Cycling World, a semi-monthly maga
zine, elegantly printed on sized paper, has
made iv advent ia San Jose. I. P. Mills is tbe
editor and A. C. Eaton the business manager.
Tbe initial number contains, as a frontispiece,
a photogravure of Mist Lillian Rea, Queen of
the Santa Clara County Carnival of Roses.
The publication is not the organ of any club,
and will depend upon the entire cycling fra
ternity of California for support and encour
agement. All branches of tbe cycling sport
are promised equal attention.
PERSONAL.
F. Harris of Shanghai, China, Is here.
William Pigott of Seattle Is in the City.
Dr. A. 8. Hudson of Stockton is in the City.
R. K. Shelton of Arizona Is on a visit here.
Dr. C. Urattan of Stockton is here for a short
stay.
F. C. Lusk, the attorney, of Chico, is at the
Palace.
Louis Bpeldge, a business man of Shanghai,
is in town.
J. Lowengast, a merchant of Portland, is at
the Palace.
X. Johnson of Los Angeles is a guest at the
Cosmopolitan.
Ex-Judge Charles T. Lamberson of Visalia is
paying a visit here.
Charles King, the extensive grain-grower of
HanJord, is in town.
C. E. Rhoades and wife of Portland, Or. , are
at the Cosmopolitan.
L. J. Maddox, who has long practiced law at
Modes, to, is at the Grand.
W. W. Wright, one of the early residents of
Los llanos, is in the City.
D. Alexander, a business man of Watson
ville, is at the Occidental.
C. s. Yates, & prominent insurance man of
Los Angeles, ig at the lick.
James Langshore Jr. of Sacramento is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan.
Amos H. Richardson of Boston was one o;
the arrivals here yesterday.
W. H. Hatton, the attorney, of Modesto, ar
rived in the City yesterday.
Among the arrivals here yesterday were Mr.
and Mrs. S. 11. Dunbar of Ceylon.
W. J. Dwyer, a merchant mining man of
Spokane, was among yesterday's arrivals.
F. H. Sisson, a hotel proprietor of James
town, Tuolumne County, is among the arrivals
at the Grand.
J. Ferguson, a wealthy resident of Rock
hampton, Australia, is at the Palace, accompa
nied by several friends.
F. P. Nye, a general goods dealer of Arcata,
was one of the arrivals from Humboldt Bay
by yesterday's steamer.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopol
itan is James Gallagher, the newly elected
president of the Y. M. I.
J. W. Henderson, the pioneer banker of
Humboldt County, who is interested in Umber
lands and various Industries of Eureka and
vicinity, is at the Lick.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are the Rev. J. F. Findley of Indian
apolis, Ind., and H. L. Tubbs of Chicago, the
latter connected with the Missouri Pacific
Railroad.
W. T. Blake, the newspaper man of Stockton,
who as city editor of the Independent while
on a visit here ovsr a year ago was shot on
New Montgomery street by a footpad, arrived
here yesterday. He is at the Grand.
W. V. Powell of Peoria, 111., grand chief of
the Order of Railway Telegraphers. and George
Daniel, grand secretary, are at the Baldwin.
They are inspecting the various lodges of the
coast. Mr. Daniel la connected with the staff
Of the Atlanta Constitution.
The Wave made its appearance last
week in a new and very attractive form.
The isaue is brightened by the addition of
numerous half-tone illustrations, showing
the McKinley family and the various inci
dents of the r<cent trial trip of the Oregon.
The literary departments of tbe Ware are
up to the usual high standard, and are
considerably improved by timely illustra
tion.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
'•If I had my way," said Special Treasury
Agent J. B. Crowley just before sailing on tbe
Homer a day or two ago for tbe rookeries, "I
would k ill all the seals on the Pribyloff Islands.
We would then see a scattering of the seven ty
five or hundred schooners that have been for
the last several seasons regularly poaching on
the possessions of the Government.
"The schooners would then have to go out of
tbe business and into some other occupation.
We have tried everything else up to date and
none of the plans work to keep the poaching
vessels off the scaling territory.
"It is true we capture some of them once in
a while, but there are always plenty more to
carry on the work. They have harassed us,
Special Treasury Agent J B Crowley, Who Wants All the Seals of the Pribylo tt
Islands Killed and the Business Wound Up.
[Sketched from life by a " (Jail " artitt.\
embarrassed us and put the Government to
lots of cost.
"As they won't desist, after being treated as
considerately as it is possible for a Government
to treat interlopers, I think we would do well
to kill the seals at once , harvest the skins and
shut up shop.
"In this case the skins woula be ours, for we
would have them in our clutches all solid and
tight. Nobody else could get them. As it is
now our property wanders around in the water
and finally goes to the rookeries to breed the
young.
"On their way there and back they have to
run the gantlet of the guns of the piratical
hunters. These hunters swarm around in tne
neighborhood of the rookeries. Sometimes
they come close up, but not even the officials
on the islands can always he aware of this, for
the fog often settles down heavily there. It is
so thick that you can't see twenty feet before
you.
"You understand, therefore, something of
tbe difficulties we have to contend with on tbe
seal islands. The Government ought to kill iv
seals, stop the expense and force the piratical
schooners out of business. In aoout ten years
there would be some more seals, the result of
the accumulated increase of the few that had
escaped death.
"Then we could go to work and take care ot
them and do what we have been trying to do
for ten years or more past."
WHERE THE POLITICIAN IS AT REST
At the county seat of Cherry,
Where the rolling Mubraru
Gives to all the scene a very
Fine, enchanting, gorgeous look, ,
Not a single man is seeking
For an office worth the speaking,
While some other boots are squeaking
Clear from .Douglas to McCoo'k.
Almost every other section
Ha* an eye in this direction,
Men who wait the tall election
Now In feverish suspense;
There's a mighty germination
Among the rural population
Of Kood people seeking station
Of reward and consequence.
Politicians now are flying
'Koand tbe State, each fellow trying,
By close, systematic I.vuk.
As it were, to kick ttie goal;
The persimmon is a treasure
They will look upon with pleasure
Walch will fall in o tlie tueusure
Of the one wlili longest pole.
Cherry County in this action
Is I.", driven to distraction,
But with quiet satisfaction
Views the conflict right along;
Her grout people do not rattle
AU about in this old batUe:
They are raising corn aud cattle
And their pocket-books are siron;.
When old age my system shatters.
And my clothing is In tatters
And I've squared my earthly matter*
For a journey to the Styx,
Let my people kindly bury
Me beside the Niobrara,
Near the county seat of Cherry,
Where they tavu no politic
—Nebraska State Journal.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
By this time next month we shall be just
about knowing whether General Grosvenor's
figures are right or not.— New Haven Palla
dium.
Others may verbally fight about how McKin
ley btands on the money question, but he's
having no words over it himself.—Philadel
phia Times.
All the silver chinchbugs and straddlebugs
will suddenly turn into tumblebugs when the
McKlnley wagon reaches St. Louis.— Chicago
Times-Herald.
In the sort of opposition that now is shown
to Mr. McKinley there is for him only strength.
His friends grow in numbers. His support in
creases in might.— New York Press.
The only danger to Mr. McKinley and his
boomers lies in the possibility of a revulsion of
public sentiment. We have it on good Repub
lican authority that the people cannot be
fooled all the time.— Philadelphia Record.
All the delegates to the Su Louis convention
have been elected. Tue forecasters from now
on must leave off figuring with dummies and
base their calculations on the expected action
of men who-c identities are known.— Omaha
Bee.
Whether Mr. Reed succeeds at St. Louis or is
defeated, he will have the satisfaction of hav
ing maintained throughout the canvass a sin
gularly dignified attitude and having refused
to stoop In the least to conquer.— Portland
Press.
Major McKinley ought to be able to strike a
pretty good bargain with the paper rag man
for the purcnase of the varied assortment of
questions that have been sent to him by the
"metropolitan" newspapers of Democratic and
Mugwump persuasion in New York.—Cleve
land News and Herald.
Mr. Tillmau's declaration that he cannot
remain in the Democratic party and cannot go
to the Populist party is causing the Prohibi
tionists some uneasiness.— Kansas City Journal.
Mr. Aldrlcb is authority for tne statement
that Speaker Reed is not cut of the Presiden
tial rsce. It' Mr. Aldrich wishes his statement
credited he would do well to secure the services
of a notary public and make an affidavit.—Chi
cago News.
The Democratic candidate for President will
have to be a straight-out gold advocate or a
straight-out free silver as well as gold advocate.
An equivocal record on this question will dis
pose of any mnn's chances at Chicago.—Evaus
ville Courier.
McKinley has never assumed to be greater or
wiser than the Republican National platforms,
and he is not the sort of man to be forced into
an attempt to forestall the statement of princi
ples to be adopted by the party in St. Louis
next month. — Globe Democrat-
The false pretense of having assurances that
McKinley is "all right" on Filver, that he is
for "sound money," no longer helps the case
of the New York supporters of the Ohio man.
He is not all rifcht; he is not sound. His rec
ord proves it.— New York Times.
With McKinley as a candidate the tariff issue
will be as live us it has ever been, and McKin
ley's nomination at St. Louis seems assured.
But the Democrats are wrangling among them
selves over the currency issue, seemingly for
getful that there was ever a McKinley tariff.—
Nashville Banner.
The Chicago Inter Ocean says McKinley is a
bimetallist and tbe Chicago Times-Herald says
he is for gold. The editor ol the Inter Ocean is
a delegate to St. Louis and the editor of the
Times-Herald is one of the Ohio candidate's
most intimate friends. You pay your money
and take your choice. — Washington Post.
LADY'S WRINKLED SLEEVE.
One of the most graceful of the new sleeves
is shown here. In one the fitted sleeve is cov
ered with sleeve goods which is gathered into
the seams. This Is particularly pretty for
lawn, dimity, organdie, batiste, silk, mull and
chiffon, in fact any material not too heavy.
The lighter weight silks are made up after this
model with very good results, and some satin
bo treated is exceedingly pretty. Tne new can
vas cloths, which are thin enough to allow a
bright silk lining to snow through, are charm
ingly picturesque ia this wrinKled or gathered
sleeve.
The fitted sleeve is suitable for all fabrics.
A combination of materials may be employed
inmakinjflt. One was of Dresden 6ilk, with
the puff of dark thin canvas cloth of which the
waist was made, having a Bolero front, with a
blouse vest of the silk. The back of the waist
was smooth over a fitted lining, with a coat
basque laid in plaits, and reaching only to the
under-arin seams.
A green mohair cown had the puffs of mo
hair, the lawn sleeves and a round yoke on the
waist being of embroidered batiste over a vio
let silk lining.
CURRENT HUMOR.
When a girl's pocketbook looks fat and bulky
you can bet she has ncr handkerchief in it.—
Atchison Globe.
Passenger— That young lady over in the cor
ner is very fair?
Conductor-She? Why, she ain't no fare at
all! She> a director's daughter, riding on a
pass.— The Waterbury.
Nor -Rose," nor -MauJ," nor "Gladys" can she
claim:
Plain -sarah" is my heart-beloved's name;
And when with song I woo the modest maid
She coyly asks, "la that a -Sarah-nade?' ■
Cincinnati Enquirer.
The hostess hunted up the host and whis
pered to him anxiously:
"The reception's a dead failure. Everybody
is sitting as mute as a statue. Nobody is talk
ing to anybody else."
< o '!, VV n atdOyousUKgest? " he " sked in reply.
'Shall we get some one to play the piano, or
shall we start a few games of whist?'"— Detroit
Free Press.
Mrs. Lake Front-I~kn7w I've met that Mr.
Jaybird somewhere before. I told him so, but
allhe answered was that he knew my former
husband. The man must be an idiot. '
Mrs. Hyde Park— Why so?
Mrs. Lake Front— l've had four former hua.
bands.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Boston mamma— Suppose you have four
bunches of grapes. Willie, and eat three, then
what would you have?
Boston boy — Appendicitis? — Up to Date.
Marks— Yes, that boy of mine is bright
enough in his studies, with the only exception
of his spelling. He can't spell two consecutive
words correctly.
Parks— Oh, well, you can make a typewriter
or sign-painter of him. There is a living ia
either business.— lndianapolis Journal.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
From the estate of the late D. T. Mills of
Boston tlie Museum of Fine Arts of that city
will receive nearly $750,000 upon the demise
of his immediate heirs. It is possible for the
trustees to anticipate the bequest in any one
of several tvays.
Viscount de Santa Thyrso, the new Minister
from Portugal to the United States, is only 32
years old, a young man to occupy so promi
nent a place. He belongs to a wealthy and
aristocratic fHmily, and was created a Viscount
a few years ago because of services in connec
tion with his diplomatic work.
Armond and Raymond Forest, the two foster
children of Baroa and Baroness de Hirseh, ara
respectively 18 and 16 years old. They are
both Protestants, and were not legally adopted,
it is said, owing to some technical difficulty,
but the Baron and Baroness regard them as
their own children. They will, of course, ia.
herit a large amount of money.
Mrs. Daniel P. Woodbury, who died at
Middlesborough, Ky., Jast week, was the
daughter of the late General Thomas fluids of
the United States army, a hero of the Mexican
War, who also fought in the Indian wars in
Florida. Her husband, General Woodbury,
was a prominent officer of tue engineer corps of
the United States army.
There is at least one successful Iriibman in
Spain. He was William Murphy when he left
the Emerald Isle, but is now His Excellency
the Count di Morphl, private secretary to the
Queen Regent of fcjpain and Chamberlain to
King Alfonso XIII. He is a grandee of the
first class; he is known as a musical composer,
and has published a sonata and several minor
pieces.
Several of the Czar's Cabinet officers are self
made men. The Minister of Finance, for ex
ample, started life a:i a clerk In a railway sta
tion at a salary of $18 a month, and Prince
Helkoff, who is Minister of Ways and has
charge of all the imperial railroads, served an
fu^renticeship in a machine-shop. At one
time he worked at boiler-making in Phila
delpnia.
California glace fruits, sOc lb. Townsend'a."
« ♦ — *
Son chewing molasses lumps. Townsend's.*
— «—« — * — • — « .
Don't forget big auction High Grade Bicycles,
844 Market, this <iay, at 2 p. H. J. T. Terry.
Special information Uaily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping .Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
The late Dr. Furness' translation of Schiller's
famous "Song oi the Bell" is regarded by many
critics as the best ever made. There have been
few men with more charm of manner than the
venerable divine, whose society was a pleasure
to any one lucky enough to have it.
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via I'nlon Pacific.
nvTV 31 £ "DAYS TO CHICAGO— 3%
UJtljX 4% DAYS TO NEW YOB.K-4Vi
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, daily without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, daily without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
» •—»• — » ■
Stanford excursion.
Join our Stanford Excursion, which leaves San
Francisco at 7 P. m. Thursday, the 28th lust,., vis,
Northern Pacific Hailroad. Special cars, stopping
at the Yellowstone Park. T. K. Btateler. General
Agent, 60S Market street, San Francisco.
• ♦ »
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect sua
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay .1
Fain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoea*, whether arising;
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sura and aaic
for Mrs. Window's Soothing Syrup. -5c a bottle.
Coboxado. — Atmosphere is perfectly dry, sot*
and mild, being entirely free from the mlstj com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel dal
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 per day. Appijr
4 New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
— ♦ «
Brown— Did your wife cross-question you the
other night?
Jones— My cross wife questioned me.— Truth.
KEY TO-PAT.
sUb Gives Free
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish, 1 saiad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
Stable tumblers, butter
Bu^ar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
5O C TEAS, any kind.
CoJima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder,
'A-- — AT
Great American Importinri Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 318 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1410 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
531 Montgomery aye. 104 .Second st.
333 Hayes st 3259 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
I3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
135S Park St., Alameda.
FOR
tFisis Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to •
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR,
PANTS made to order from $4.01
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 ano $35 SUITS
ARK TMC mtmr IK TMC STATS.
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Boa
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
SAN FRANCISCO.
COS3VCOI»OIjITA.W.
Opposite U. B. Mint, 100 ana 103 Fifth, 3: San
}• ran Cisco, Cal — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board an! room, 41, $1 25 and *1 50 P*r
«>•£. -according to room. Heals 25c ilooms, ojj
ana « so a day. Free coach to and from tha notoi.
JU>okforUieco»cu bearing the name of the Co*
inopoiuan Hotel. wu, XAUJ&Y, i*ronri«K»MONDAY MAY 25, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baiswtk TnwTEB.- " Midsummer Night's
Prcam," to-night.
Colombia " heater— "Miss Harnm Pcarum,*
to-morrow night.
Alorosco's Opkra-Housk— "Mctr.mora."
1 ivoi .! Opera-Housk.— » Uncle Tom s Cabin '•
ORrnKCM- Hlßh-Class Vaudeville.
Native Sons' Hall— Mason street, near Tost—
Song Kecitol by Anton s>chott this evening.
' m-tho C'oxicy Island— Bathing an.l I'erform-
tiices.
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Ilaight street, one
tlock east of the Park.
Bay District TKACK-R«ces today.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary i- xt union and Family Picnic
Ol the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 28, at Glenwood I'aric
AUCTION SALES.
By F. T. Kkklek- day, May 25, Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Kearuy btreet, at V! p. m.
By H. J. Leutholtz — This day. May 25,
Clothing, Art Goods, etc, at 721 Market St.. at 11
o clock.
By Joseph T. Terry— This day, May 25, Bi-
cycles, at 844 Market street, at '£ o'clock.
By O'Farrem, <fc Co.— This day. May 25, Real
Estate, at 11 Montgomery si., at 7:30 p. m.
By Frank \V. BcTTERFIEI.n — This day
(Monday), Furniture, at 203 Gough St., and to-
morrow at 1148 Turk street.
By Chas. Levy A Co This day (Monday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 11
• o clock.
By B. Basch— day (Monday), Furniture,
at 319 Sutter street, at 10:30 o'clock. Also
Delicacy Store, etc., at 420 L-evisadero street, at 1
o'clock.
By Gko. F. La mbon— To-morrow (Tuesday), Inir-
niture, at 1712 Buchanan street, 11 o'clock.
By Bhainwau>, Bxjckbee &Co Wednesday,
May 27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
romery street, m 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Lady Clifton won the Sapling stake at Ocean
\ iew yesterday.
Fair Monday; continued high temperature.—
Local Forecast Official A. G. AlcAdie,
A large force of workmen will soon be em
ployed in building and grading at the Pre
sidio.
Dr. C. 0. Brown preached for the first time to
a new congregation in Odd Fellows' Hall yes
terday.
Local riflemen are obtaining excellent re
sults in the use of nitro-powder ior target
practice.
The Good Samaritan Mission has raised
!?t>ooo of the $13,000 necessary to construct its
uew editice.
The handball courts were crowded yesterday
and several exciting and closely contested
games were played.
The Lincoln Gun Club won the third of the
inter-gun club inanimate target contests yester
day at Alameda point.
Rev. \V. \V. Bolton, pastor of the Church of
St. Mary the Virgin, preached yesterday on
"The Reunion of Christendom."
Seventy-one mortgages were recorded last
week aggregating $285,320. Fifty releases ag
gregating were granted.'
"General" Peter Duggan of the "Army of
Jesus" led an astauiton tue Salvation Army in
his religious services last evening.
The California-Bohemian cricket match
played at Golden Gate yesterday resulted .n a
win for Bohemia by fifty-one runs.
The funeral services over the late George H.
Eggers, a California pioneer, were held yester
day afternoon at Masonic Temple.
Robert Murdoch, foreman in a quarry on
Lombard street, fell a distance of forty feet
yesterduy end was seriously injured.
A corps of the Snlvation Army conducted
services in the Fourth Congregational Church,
on Green street, iiear Stockton, last evening.
The death of Mrs. Charles Nelson, "mother"
of the Old People's Home, h>is come as a sad
shock to her multitude of friends in this City.
Dr. George H. Derrick lectured on "The
Emancipation of the Mind' 1 beiore the Good
Citizenship meeting at Metropolitan Hall yes
terday.
The Rev. Hermann Warszawiak spoke yester
day afternoon at ScottiaJi Hall on "The Signs of
the Times in Connection \\ith the Restoration
of Israel."
The Board of Education is contemplative the
erection of a 6Chool building at Bernal Heights.
A substantial fireproof building will probably
be erected.
Louis Spitzer of Shanghai arrived from China
last night on his way to Europe to escort Li
Hung Chang home from Moscow. The great
Chinese will pass through San Francisco.
Countess Constance Wachmeister lectured
on theosophy at Native Sons' Hall last nisht to
r fair attendance. Her subject whs "'Social
Evils of the Day and the Remedies Therefor."
Mrs. F. Lively, who came from Sacramento
Saturday night and engaged a room at 021
Market street, attempted to commit suicide
yesterday morning by swallowing an ounce of
laudanum.
The baby girl of James Cronin, a teamster
living at 93t> Harrison street, died while he
was in the City prison yesterday for disturbing
the peace. Judge Conlan released him on nis
own recognizance.
Archbishop Riordan administered confirma
tion in the cathedral and the French church
yesterday. The day was the Feast of Pente
cost, and it was observed with due solemnity
in all the Catholic churches.
Rev. W. R. Godwin, pastor of the California
street Methodist Church, preached one of a
series of sermons on the Roman Catholic re
ligion last evening. The subject of the sermon
was, "Romanism as a Religion."
The Spanish Benevolent Society of California
picnicked at San Rafael yesterday. There was
a large attendance and the affair was voted by
the members and their friends the most suc
cessful outing they have yet held.
Captains Ott, Freeman and Erskine of the
pilot service are in the "sick bay." Captain Ott
is on tbe road to recovery, Captain Freeman
has a sprained ankle, while Captain Erskine had
the top of the third finger on his right hand
torn off.
The bark C. D. Brymt, from Honolulu, had a
merry race with the pilot-boats yesterday,
fche ran away from the Grade 8, but was over
hauled by the America. Captain Lee figured
on escaping the payment 01 one-quarter-rate
pilotage.
C. A. Murdock, chairman of the Classifica
tion Committee of the School Board, favors the
extension of the course in physical culture.
To this end he believc-s there should be an ad
ditional teacher elected. He regards that
branch as of the utmost importance.
Elder Henry S. Tanner of the California Mor
mon mission delivered a discourse on "Exter
nal Evidences of the Book of Mormon" yester
day evening in Pythian Hall. His lecture was
an interesting peep into ethnology and the
story of America's prehistoric people.
There were considerably leas building con
tracts recorded so far this month than for a
corresponding period last month. Real estate
operators attribute this to the fear of impend
ing striken due to the recent labor troubles-
TlUs has also affected the real estate market.
The local French residents hate commenced
active preparations for the annual celebration
of the fall of the Bastile. A committee has
been appointed to ascertain tne most available
location for the fete, and it ie not unlikely the
offer of Mayor Sutro to throw open his grounds
will be accepted.
John Utschig was the nieh man in the Cali
fornia Schuetzep Club's bullseye shoot yester
day. H. Guembel Jr. wou the title of "Schuet
zen King" of the San Francisco Turner* at the
San Rafael range and Dr. \Y. MeLuughlin
made the highest score at the pistol contest
at Schuetzen Park.
Services were held yesterday forenoon conse
crating to worship the pretty little chapel re
cently erected at 2127 Jackson utreet by the
Evangelical Lutheran Church of the Holy
Spirit. The church was built and is to be main
tained solely by voluntary contribution!, being
what is known as a "faith mission."
At the exercise* commemorative of the sec
ond anniversary of the Chapel of the Good Sa
mnritan held yesterday morning Rev. WilliHm
Jnjfrahmn Kip stated that the mission had a
weekly attendance of 1800 men and boys and
had outgrown its present quarters. A build-
Ing fund o; $6000 had already been secured.
The posts of the Grand Artny of the Republic
held their annual memorial services la*t even
inp- George H. Thomas Post attended Plymouth
Church and wss Hddreticed by Rev. Dr. Cruzdii,
the post chat>lain. Garfleld, Lincoln, dWi
Meade and Liberty posts and Meade, Lincoin
and Seven Pines of the Women's Re.ief Corps
attended services in old St. Mary's, and were
addressed by Rev. Father Clark.
To I)i«cim» tin- Charter.
At the mass meeting to be held this evening
{Monday) in Metropolitan Temple under the
auspices ol the American Women's Liberal
League, to discuss the nuw charter. Rev. Dr.
Scott will preside. .lohn M. Reynolds, J. Mun
seil Chase and Judge M. C'ooney will speak.
iff— Catherine Black and Miss Marie Geor
gionni will render choice muiical selections.
The meeting will open promptly at 8 o'clock.
The public is invited. Admission will be free.
PILOTS PLAYING
IN HARD LUCK,
Three of Their Number Are
Now on the Sick
List.
ONE NEAELY KILLED.
The Bark C. D. Bryant Had a
Merry Race With the
Pilot-boats.
TRIED TO ESCAPE THE DUES.
Georg3 A. Kn ; ghfs Gallant Rescue
of Three Maids Adrift in a
Beat.
The American bark C. D. Bryant com
pleted yesterday the best all-round trip
between here and Honolulu made this
year. The run down only occupied ten
days, and, although fifteen days elapsed
before she came to au anchor in the bay
on the return trip, still she was off the
heads last Friday night. This is Captain
John Lee's first voyage in the vessel and
he has made a record he is proud of.
On the run to Honolulu the vessel was
kept under full sail nearly all tbe way,
and when within a mile of the reef the
pilot boardea her. Captain Lee had been
on watch for thirty-six hours, and when
the pilot took control he went below to
take a bath. An hour later he was on
deck again, but, instead of the Bryant
being inside the reef, she was seven miles
to windward and well on her way to
Moiokai. It was a bard beat back to port,
but under the captain's skillful manage
ment good time was made.
When off the Goiden Gate on the return
trip the Bryant had a merry brush with
the pilot-boats Gracie S and America. If
a vessel can make port without being
spoken by a pilot, then no pilotage can be
charged. If she is spoken and no pilot is
taken, then quarter rates are charged.
The bark came along with a strong breeze
behind her. All her light sails were
furled, but, nevertheless, she was logging
twelve knots an hour. Gracie S was
in the oth'ng, with her mainsails reefed
and headed lor the flying packet. Captain
Jordan saw he was being left behind, so he
at once let out the reefs and, later, hoisted
his staysail and flying jib. The Bryant
still drew away and, as night was falling,
tne crew of the Gracie S began signaling
to the America, which was on the inside
station. Just when Captain Lee thought
he was safe the America shot oat of a fog
bank and hailed him. The hail was
answered and the bark held on her course,
but the skipper cursed his lucK in choice
Kanaka. The Bryant will Lave to pay
quarter rates.
Tue Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
P mona arrived from Eureka minus one
of the steerage passengers yesterday. On
the 23d inst. at 3:15 p. m", J. Jacobson
walked up from the steerage and went
directly to the bow of tbe ship. No atten
tion was paid to him until he began to
climb upou the bulwarks. Captain Doren
was on the bridge and he yelled to the
man to get down. Jacobson turned half
way around, looked at the captain a
moment, his lips were seen to move, but
no sound could be heard, he then waved
his hand and the next moment jumped
feet foremost into tbe ocean. The Pomona
was stopped at once and the signal "full
speed astern" rung up. A boat was low
ered and for over an hour the search was
kept up, but no trace of the suicide could
be found. Captain Doren thinks the man
was crazy and that he weighted himself
with some old iron before jumping over
board.
The pilots have been playing in very
hard luck of late. No leso than tnree of
them are on the sick list, but all are now
convalescing. Captain "Pete" Ott, the
genial old soul who is a favorite with every
shipmaster that enters the Golden Gate,
has been taking a rest at Lytton Springs.
He is all right again and before the Ist of
next month will be piloting ships into
port again. Captain Freeman had a nar
row escape when bringing tue John A.
Briggs into port. In order to save a tow
he sailed the ship in and thus nearly lo^t
his life. While making a short tack he
sprang to one of the ropes to IVlp the sail
ors. The rope parted and Captain Free
man was thrown from the poop to the
main deck. He was back at his post in a
minute and bad the ship on her course
before anybody knew anything had hap
pened.
He brought the Briggs to an anchor and
then attempted to got into a small boat to
go ashore. He found that his right aide
was terribly bruised and his right leg
swollen and useless. He had to be sent
home in a hack. An examination showed
that the tendons of the ankle were strained
and the small bones in tbe leg broken.
He will be laid up for several weeks to
come.
Captain Erskine met with his accident
on the Gracie B. Tbe pilot-boat was going
about in a heavy head sea and ti.e captain
gave a pull on one of the ropes. The rope
suddenly slackened up and then went
taut again, in d ing so it curled around
the third finger of ]£rskine'» right hand
and nearly tore the first joint off. When
the pilot-boat came to an anchor t -c pilot
went ashore and had the stump ampu
tated. That makes the tops of three fin
gers that Captain Erskine has lost in al
most precisely the same manner.
The water front was crowded and the
ferry-boiits did a large business yesterday.
From morning till night crowds thronged
East street and every car that landed at
the ferries was crowded. The Travelers'
picnic was the first to get away. They
went a thousand strong to Glen Ellen, and
a merrier crowd never crossed the bay.
An hour later the Verein Eintracht went
to Schuetzen Park and shortly after that
the rush for El Campo began. Several
times during the day the gates at both the
broad and narrow gauge ferries toTiburon
and Bausalito nad to be closed, owing to
the crowded condition of tbe steamers.
The rush to Oakland and Alameda was, if
anything, greater than on the other
routes, and the Southern Pacific had to
put on extra boats to accommodate the
throngs t at bought tickets.
It was the Queen's birthday, but strange
to say, v«ry few of the British ships in port
were aecorated. On last Fourth of July
all tue English vessels were resplendent
with bunting, while the American vessels
contended themselves with flying the
stars and stnues. Yesterday, from Broad
way to Folsom street, there were only two
decorated ships. One was the American
bark C. C. Funk, and the other was the
British steamer Monowui.
The various boat clubs are in active
practice for the forthcoming regatta of the
South Ends at Sausalito. Crews from the
Ariels. South Ends, Pioneers, Dolphins
and Tritons were out yesterday and good
time waa made. Single scull, pair-oar and
iour-oar boats were out, and they helped
to enliven the scene on the bay.
During the afternoon a couple of young
men who were rowing three young ladies
got adrift off Meiggs wharf. '1 be rowers
were paying more attention to their pass
engers than to their oars, which went
adriit. They were drifting out to sea
when George A. Knight saw their signals
of distress and went to their assistance in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
>ew Evangelical Church of the Holy Spirit at 2127 Jackson Street, Which Was Dedicated Yesterday.
• \Sketched by a "Call" artisL]
his launch. He towed them back to
Powell-street wharf, and then proceeded
on his way to Sausalito.
FELL FORTY YELT.
Serious Injury to Robert Murdoch, Fore*
man in a Quarry.
Robert Murdoch, foreman for Cushing,
Wetmore & Co. at the quarry on Lom
bard street, between Kearny and Mont
gomery, met with an accident yesterday
morning.
He bad climbed up a long ladder to oil
a separator. While doinc so he lost bis
balance and fell a distance of iorty feet.
He alighted on his back on the track used
for drawing the stone and sand away from
the quarry in trucks.
The ambulance was summoned and
Murdoch taken to the Receiving Hospital.
It wa3 found that he was Buffering from
concussion of the spine and internal In
juries. The injury may make him an in
valid for the remainder of his life.
RAISED $6000 ALREADY,
As Much More Practically Pledged.
Rev. Mr. Kip Exhorts His People
to New Effort.
The Chapel of tbe Good Samaritan on
Second street, near Folsom, was crowded
yesterday morning, the occasion being
the second anniversary of the establish
ment of the chapel. Rev. William Ingra
bam Kip Jr., who has been laboring in
this field for tbe past two years, in his ser
mon outlined the growtn and purposes of
the institution, mentioning the numerous
subordinate organizations and what they
had accomplished.
The speaker bigan by statin* the prin
ciples for which the Good Samaritan mis
siou stands. "The parable of the good
Samaritan," he saia, "gives us oor inspira
tion and our standard. It teaches that
in this world of sin, of sorrow and of toil
what is needed is large-hearted, earnest,
sympathetic work; that wherever tbe rob
ber's hand of oppression, of crime, of in
difference has fallen on the wayfaring
children of men there sho uld be th« sav
ing hand of the earnest, loving child of
God.
"Among tbe various organizations of the
Mission are the men's club, with a mem
bership or fifty-five, through which meal
and lodging tickets are given in return for
labor, and clothing is also distributed ; a
boys' club and boys' choir of twenty-five
voices, and also a women's and girls' de
partment, under tbe management of which
mothers' meetings are held and a monthly
entertainment given. In addition are the
women's guild, the altar and choir guilds
and the women's auxiliary. A clothing
bureau collects clothing from any and
every source.
"Besides there is a ward robe, where cloth
ing is distributed to the absolutely desti
tute. A dispensary, under the manage
ment of four practicing physicians; a
training school which prepares younger
members for the regniar organizations and
a helpers' home, which serves as a home
center for women willing and able to spend
their lives in work among the poor, com
plete the list of organizations of the Mis
sion.
"There now belong to the Mission 450
members, representing eighty-nino fami
lies, besides many who occasionally make
use of the services and rooms. The aver
age attendance each week is 1800 men and
boys.
"The Good Samaritan has so far out
grown its present quarters that a new
buildings or builuings are necessary.
"Already a building fund of nearly $6000
has b< en raised. Ten thousand dollars
more is needed, much of which is at pres
ent practically pledged.
"In cloaing let me impress upon you the
necessity of two things in our work—con
centration of forces, and at the same time, a
consecration of individual action. Conse
crated actions, consecrated lives, these are
what build up men, nations and churches."
ARE WILLING TO SERVE.
Official Candidate* for the Executive
Committee of the French Hospital.
The five members of the Bociete de
Bienfaisance Mutuelle. whose names have
been posted officially in the rooms
of the society to fill the vacancies
in the executive committee by the
wholesale resignations at the time of
the recent election of officeas are as fol
lows: J. B. Cotte, Henry Fabriuue,
Thomas LacosUe. Jean Pierre Lartigau and
Dominique Polidori.
The election will take place next Sunday
at Union-square Hall.
"When Baby iraa Bick, vre gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried fop Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, see gave them Castoria*
CHURCH FAIRS
FROWNED UPON,
Rev. 0. C. Miller Wishes
Only Voluntary
Offerings.
FOUNDS FAITH MISSIONS.
Evangelical Lutheran Edifice
on Jackson Street the
Latest.
NEW CHAPEL CONSECRATED.
Services Dedicating the Recently
Completed Church of the
Holy Spirit.
"Nothing is a gift to the church that is
the price of anything; hence, we publicly
pronounce against all money-getting by
fairs, festivals, socials, etc., as introducing
worldliness into the church, grieving
away the Spirit, and thus bringing more
losb than train," said liev. Oliver C. Miller,
in the course of his consecration sermon
yesterday forenoon at the Evangelical
Lutheran Churco. of the Holy Spirit.
The edifice being consecrated was the
i neat little chapel at 2127 Jackson street,
j which Rev. O. C. Miller has been instru
| mental in having erected, and the methoa
which he has employed, or, rather, the
method which he has not employed, is
indicated by the excerpt given. Mr. Miller
believes in what he terms the true pente
costal church, and his idea, in part, of
such a church is one from which worldly
features are to the greatest possible extent
eliminated. That is why, when he under
takes to build a church — and he has super
intended the building of many — he frowns
upon the seductive strawberry festival and
the delusive grab-bag. He asks no sup
port but voluntary, free-will offering, and
it was by such contributions that the
Church of the Holy Spirit was mad« pos
sible.
The erection and maintenance of this
church is tho more remarkable from the
fact that, though belonging to tne Evan
gelical Lutheran denomination, it has vo
far chosen to remain apart from the synod
with tbe financial advantages to be de
rived therefrom, and start upon its career
of good doing with no support but the
generosity of its members.
The Church of the Holy Spirit was or
! ganized by Mf. Miller in Franklin Hall on
Fillmore street last November. Mr. Miller
is an experienced church organizer, and
since his first charge in Oakiand and Deer
Park, Md., he has strewn his path with
substantial monuments of his energy and
his people's generosity by causing "to be
erected suitable church edifices. These
were almost entirely erected as faith mis
sions, such as tbe Church of the Holy
Spirit, and the pastor's faith has never yet
had cause to raver. Just before coming
here Mr. Miller started a movement for a
new church building at Salem, Va. The
building, which is a substantial structure,
is now nearine completion.
The edifice on Jackson street which was
consecrated yesterday is not a new build
ing, but has been remodeled and reno
vated until both the interior and ex
terior give the impression of newness.
H was formerly used as a school. Its seat
ing capacity iB about 200, and at yester
day's lorenoon service there were no va
cant seats. In recognition of the special
service the ladies had effectively decorated
the interior ol the chapel with beautiful
flowers.
There was a special musical service, and
in addition to congregational singing
Misses Hilda and Lottie Colhson rendered
a duet and each a solo. The pastor's con
secration service was on the theme, "De
spise Ye the Church of God?"
This, he said, is the utterance of Paul, who
s ands next to him who spoke as never man
spake. Tre church at Corinth had strifes, and
it waa spoken in reproof, but it in needful to
day. The church is not intended as an ap
pendage, but a center of life and truth, bo
ciety is either christ-centerlng or chaotic. Our
troubles to-day arise from the fact thut society
Is not centered in and formed about the life of
Jesus. That which injures the body injures
the head also. Tnerefore one cannot despise
Christ's church without despising him.
The speaker then proceeded to analyse
the name of the church, Evangelical Lu
theran, showing, the significance of each
•word. Evangelical, he explained, meant
£Ohpel, and gospel was power. It was
called Lutheran in the sense that it was
not sectarian.
The church is weak to-day, he declared, be
cause she is cut up in slices. Under the power
of the Holy Kpirlt denominational walls are
bound to crumble. Luther protested Hgalntt a
church being named after him. Though the
name was first used in derision, it to-day
stands for brave protest and courage.
The church is tne body ot Christ— an assem
bly of believers having fellowship with the
Father through the Spirit. It is tbe habita
tion of God built through the Spirit. The idea
is not to join the church, simply, but to join
the life tv Christ's. The church is not a pen
sioner but a benetactress, blessing more than
we can ever return.
Every church is or ought to be the church of
the Holy Spirit. All her machinery without
his power is useless. Under the guidance of
the Spirit the church will not miss its misbion,
whicfi is to save men.
The pastor stated that though the mem
bership was yet small, he had ample rea
son to hope for great thiues in the futur •.
The field he believed particularly fertile,
as there was an area of thirteen square
blocks surroundine the chapel in which
there was no church.
BETTER IN THE EAST.
Noticeable Rise in the Price of Thor
oughbred Livestock — How We
Can Make Money.
George A. Wiley, for many years until
lately superintendent of the laruous Seth
Cook ranch near Danville, Contra Costa
County, has returned here after six weeks
in different parts of the East.
Mr. Wiley has for a long time, in addi
tion to superintending the Seth Cook
ranch, been buying and handling thor
oughbred horses and cattle for Japan,
China, Guatemala, Peru and other coun
tries. He is a keen observer and has col
lected much information lately in regard
to farming and livestock that will be read
with interest. He said Inst night at tho
Grand:
"I made a good many short stops in dif
ferent parts of the East, especially in the
prairie titutes. What particularly im
pressed me this year, for I am familiar with
the country and often go East, were the
long lines of corncribs, which were to be
seen in lowa, Illinois and other States of
that region. They have had big crops
there, as well as farther east, and ar« in
good shape. The people are prosperous.
They haven't big money, probably, from
the California standpoint, but they have
enough to grease the wheels and keep
things goini; in good shape.
"Then, on top of this the people are con
tented and happy. I was impressed with
the so. id appearance of things. Business
has taken a turn for tbe better. The peo
ple maybe haven't got so much money,
from our California standpoint, but they
know how to use it better.
"They are more economical than our
people and can *et along better on less.
They are not such spendthrifts, if 1 may
use the term. There you see every farmer
butcher his own beef and pork. He uses
salt and smoked meats almost entirely.
When he wants to butcher he gets some of
bis neighbors to help him for a day, and
he kills enough to supply him for the sea
son, and he pays them back by helping
them in like manner. He doesn't buy
anything at the store except coffee, sugar
and a few things like that. All the rest he
produces rulit on his farm.
"Hern our farmers go to the store for
most everything they want. If thore is a
rain in March they conclude too often that
it is going to be a b g year for crops, and
go right off to the store and order things
on that basis. The result is, if there are
no more rains to speak of, the crop may be
short, and the farmer is disappointed anl
can't meet bis debts, maybe, till the next
year.
"If he would only do business as these
farmers in the prairie States do. he would
be on velvet and would make plenty of
money, for the margins here are infinitely
greater. I often think what a snap these
prairie farmers would have if they were in
California, and would raise nice things as
they do there.
"The pr>«es for livestock are stiffening
up fast. A year ago you could huy two
year-old tho" oughbred cattle for breeding
purposes at almost your own price. Fifty
dollars each was a good figure. Now you
must pay $100 or f 125.
"The price for good horses has mate
rially udvanced, too. I should say about
double. Scrubs, of course, you can get at
any price, but if you want a Jgood pair of
driving, horses, see how long you will have
to look around before you get them. They
command a great deal more money.
"All these things are a good sign that
business is improving. We are on the eve
of our old-time prosperity. We ou^ht to
be careful, and go along without being to
any way reckless, or making any mistakes,
and we will soon be in good shape. We
want to quit discounting the future and
work conservatively on the basis we
have."
Beat His Moth«r-in-Law.
Ex-Policeman Chauncy Johnson was arrested
yesterday on a charge of beating his mother
in-law, Mrs. Bridget O'Counor. Johnson is
the man upon whosa testimony Jury-briber
Hurley waa convicted of embracery, and for
which he is now serving time In San Quenuu.
THE BEAR FUG
TO FLOUT AGAIN,
Semi-Centennial of Its Rais
ing to Be Observed by-
Native Sons.
ORIGINAL BEAR PARTY.
Three Members Who Live to Ride
on a Float in the
Parade.
BARRACKS STILL STANDING.
Why Ezekiel M°rritt Was Chosen at
His Own Request Captain of
the Party.
On Tuesday next a special meeting of
the committee on the celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary of raising the bear
flag at Sonoma will be held in the office
of the grand secretary of the Native Sons
of the Golden West. The committee con
sists of F. T. Duhring, Henry Lunstedt,
Robert P. Hill, David C. Martin and C. M.
Belshaw. The object of the meeting is to
have the Native Sons take part in the cele
bration of the event, which has been un
der consideration for some time by the
Native Sons of Sonoma and the citizens
of that place who are not native sons.
Mr. Duhring, chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements of Sonoma, was in
this City yesterday with D. D. Davisson,
also a member of the committee, to make
suggestions.
"The people of Sonoma," said Chairman
Duhring, "are anxious to celebrate the
the great event. The Bear Party played
an important part in the history of early
days. We have made arrangements to se
cure from the Society of California Pio
neers the original bear flag — "
"And which," said Mr. Davisson, "was
made from a petticoat that belonged to
the wife of John Sears, one of the original
members of the Bear Flag party."
"The flag," said the chairman resuming,
"will be raised on a pole that stands on
the site of the original one, in one corner
of the nlaza. right near the barracks that
were captured by the party from the Mexi
cans. The old building still stands, but of
course it has been modernized ; still the
walls are there as they were fifty years ago.
The old church of the padres is' still stand
ing near the barracks, but is now a ware
house, and the home of the padres along
side of that is also standing and is now
used by Mr. Davisson as a wine cellar.
"We have not quite completed our plans
for the celebration," said Mr. Davisson,
"but I can say that we have decided on
having a procession, in which we have
reason to believe the Pioneers of San Fran
cisco will take part. We shall have par
lors of Native Sons from different parts of
the county, the militia from Petaluma and
the school children, and we shall also have
a float drawn by six white horses, to be
driven by James Alber'son, who was a
stage-driver for Clark Foss, when he ran a
line of stages across the 'Hog's Back' to
reach the Geysers.
"As to how that float will be arranged
the committee has not yet determined, but
upon it will ride three men who were origi
nal members of the Bear Flag party.
'•These are Harvey Potterrield of Napa,
Ben F. Dewell of Sonoma and Henry Bea
son of Mendocino. There is one more,
William Potter of Texas, but we will not
De able to have him at the celebration.
Wiliiam H. Todd was the man who
painted the innocent-looking bear on the
flag, and Ezekiel Merritt was the captain
of the party, he having been chosen for
that position at his own request. And tbe
reason for his request was that he wanted
to be at the head of the party that was to
attack tbe Mexicans, because he and
another man had at one time been tied to
a tree by Don Salvador Vallejo, had been
whipped by him with the flat side of a
sword, and he wanted to show the Mexi
cans that he was a leader.
"The Imtory of the Bear Flag party and
the bear flag has been written, but the
straight story has never been given, so we
will have it written up from reliable data
by R. A Thompson of the Santa Rosa
Democrat. I suppose I have met fifty men
who claim that they were the ones who de
signed the flag — that is, each one claimed
that he designed it."
"Will Wiliiam B. Ide take part in the
celebration?"
"Yes, I know that he claims to have
been the leader of tho movement, but that
is not so; he did not have any thing to do
with the original movement. No, he will
not have anything to do with the matter
so iar as we are concerned.
"We expect to have 10,000 people in our
town on the day of the celebration, the
13tli of June. There was some talk of con
tinuing it for two days, but it is doubtful
if tbe town can accommodate the number
of people who will visit us. We have
made arrangements with the railroad to
convey people to our place and home
again for a one-way fare, and, as to Santa
Rosa, the round-trip fare will be but $L"
The Civic Federation.
At a meeting of the executive committee ot
the Civic Federation Friday afternoou a com
mittee whs appointed to frame certain bills to
be presented to the next Legislature, and the
matter ol organizing every precinct in the
City and holding meetings once a week for
propaganda work in aid of tue new charter
and other political work at the next election
was discussed favorably. Action was deferred
until a subsequent meeting.
NEW TO-1> AY— AMUSEMENTS.
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
•114 Mason Street.
SONG RECITAL!
ANTON SCHOTT.
Tickets for sale at Sherman & Clay's.
SUTRO BATHS.
SWIMMING SEASON NOW OPEN.
Take a Course of Swimming Le»oni (
Competent Instructors From
.European Colleges.
Open Dally from 7 A. M. Until 11 P. M.
PURE OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL TANKS FOR LADIES ONLY.
GENE .At AOBIIBSION —
Adulta. 10 Cents. Children. 5 Cents.
, THE CHUTES!
SPECIAL! -TO-MORROW (TUESDAY)
EVENING-Weather Permitting—
BALLOON ASCENSION!
Followed by the Searchlight.
DECORATION DAY FIREWORKS !
Admission 10 Cents. Children 5 Cents.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S BIRTHDAY.
A banquet In honor of tbe day will be held at the
Palace Hotel) under the auspices of the British
Benevolent Society of California, on MONDAY
Mar 26, at 7:30 P. m. Tickets *5 each. Can be
procured at Dozey's, uuder the Palace Hotel.
BKV. W. W. BOSTON, Hon. bee
NEW TO-PAY.
MUNYON'S
With Munyon's Improved Homeo-
• pathic Remedies You
Can Doctor and
CURE YOURSELF
______
5o Gness Work— Experimenting
Big Doctors' Bills— Each Remedy
lias Plain Directions, So There
Can Be Jo Mistake.
A Separate Cure for Each Disease
They Relieve Almost Immediately— Are
Absolutely Harmless and Should
' Be in Every Home.
Your Druggist Will Give You the >fnrn*s
of Hundreds of Ills Customers Who
Have Been Cured by These Wonder-
ful Little Pellets.
Mnnyon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in 1 to 3 nours, and cures in a few
days. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble*. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness
and builds up the system. 25c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price — cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs re-
lieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
five days, price, 50c each.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops bead-
ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures
all forms of piles. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
A iseparate cure for each disease. At
all druggists, mostly 25 cents a bottle.
.Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
n!CDLAnQLR.OOTTLOD« c- Ltsi»A.ionAnACitß4--
WHY RUN
DO IT
WE I ?
BECAUSE IT \V.\S A GREAT SUCCESS
AND EVERYBODY WANTS TO SEE
"MISS HARM SCARUJI !"
New specialties, songs and dances this w—
AMY LEE AND FRANK DOANE AND CO.'
Reserved Seats— 2sc, 50c and 750.
AT 9 O'CLOCK THIS MORMG
The sale commences for
"FIRST NIGHT PRIVILEGES"
FOR THE FRaWLEY COMPANY.
Monday Next "The Two Escutcheons.'.'
BALDWIN THEATER
Al Hay man & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietor!
SECOND WEEK— MISS
ADA REHAN,
Under the Management of Mr. August In Daly.
TO-NIGHT. Tuesday. Wednesday and Friday'
nights and Saturday Matinee— An elaborate pro-
duction of Shakespeare s poetic comedy—
A JHDSIIMMEft SIGHT'S DREAM.
With the sumptuous accessories used in the pro-
ductions at Italy's Then in .New York and
London. Thursda.- evening, by request,
positively last time. "The Countess Guclcl"; Satur-
day evening, only time, "Love on Crutches."
3d week— Monday and Wednesday evening,
"Twelfth Night"; Tuesday evening and Wednesday
matinee, "School for Scandal"; Thursday, doubla
bill, "Belle's stratagem" and "The Honeymoon":
Friday and Saturday nights and Saturday matinee,
"Taming of the Shrew." Seats now selling tor all
remaining performances. ; r, -"•
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
lisa. KwißSTisK Ksilinb, Proprietor & Manama;
Crowds at Each Performance to See
The liegal Operatic Production of
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN"
A SPECTACLE OF SUMPTUOUS
SPLENDOR.
SECURE YOUR SEAT& WELL IX
ADVANCE. " ■
Popular Prices— 2so and 500.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
W ALTKK MOROSUO. Sola Losses aui Maa»««:
THIS EVEN~I>'O AT BIGHT.
Last Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
— -EDMUND K. COLLIER — -
In the Stirriug Drama,
"METAMORAI"
Not Seen In This City for Twenty-five Years.
SVJuujm I'kicjui— 2so and s)*
<'-.V Family Circle and GaUerv. 10a.
Usnal Matinee* Saturday ana e?nnd»T. 3
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell. j
WE BEGINNING MAY 25th, I
THE SENSATION OK THE EAST!— i
3E»A.:E : »X3Xri' A !
McAvoy and May. Lizzie .'".. Kayinond; %
Golden, Chalfant and Golilea ami others. :
Reserved Seats, "25c; Balcony, lOu: Opera Chair* ,
an l Box Seats, 50c.
Coming— Edison's Marvel, "The Vltascope."
RACINGI RACINGI RACING
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING ■ *
Beginning Thursday, May 14-th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Tuursi»>, *-
Friday and Saturday. Kain or Shine.
i'lVl- UK MOKE RACKS KACH DAY.
Races start at 2 :00 p. M. sharp.
McAllister and Ueaxy street can pass the at*
R. JB. iIIILROY. TJtiOS*. U. WIJLUAM9JR... .
•secretary. JftMldiat.
78
in iraternm iiondi
Order Kastern Star.
Golden Gate Chapter held its district meet
ing last Thursday night and celebrated the
eleventh anniversary of its organization.
There was a very large number present, in
cluding visitors from Mendocino, Modesto, Tu
lare, Alameda, Oakland, Sacramento, South
Pan Francisco and from local chapters. The
hall was very prettily decorated ami the en
tertainment delightful. Amone those who ad
dressed the meeting were William S. Moses, the
founder of the order in this City and organ
izer of Golden Gate Chapter; Past Grand Sec
retary Anna Maria Eliot, Most Worthy Past
Grand Matron Mary Elizabeth Patridge, Mrs.
Clara S. Foltz, Grand Conductress Clara Abbott
Giberson and others. The guests were invited
to a banquet.
The entertainment recently given by llnr
mony Chapter was a very pleasant one, and
the ladies were highly gratified with the large
attendance.
This evening the worthy grand patron will
visit Beolah Chapter, South !>an Francisco, on
the occasion oi its district meeting; to-mor
row night he will go to ?otoyome Chapter at
Healdsburg; Wednesday night he will be with
Homo Chapter in St.ick'ton; Thursday he will
GR\ND OFFICERS OF THE ANCIENT ORDER OF IORFSTERS.
organize a new chapter at Lodi, and he will be
assisted by a delegation from Woodbridge and
one from Stockton; on Saturday he ■will be
with Molena Chapter at Tehama.
Associate Grand Patron R. P. Hewitt will in
stitute a new chapter at Anaheim on Thurs
day next.
Independent Order Odd Fellows.
Grand Master W. J. Warboys will start on a tour
Of official visitations about the 10th of June.
General J. F. Crossett, commander of the de
partment of California, Patriarchs Militant, ac
companied by his chief of staff and aids and Can
ton No. 5 of this City, went to Oakland last Thurs
day night and installed the officers of Canton No.
11. The Installation ceremony was by General E.
H. Black, Colonel H. O. Brower and Colonel \V s.
Potter, aided by Canton No. 5. After the installa
tion and muster those present were Invited to a
banquet given in honor of the visiting canton.
Addresses were made by General Crossett, General
Black, Colonel Brower, Colonel Potter, Captain A.
J. Duncan, Captain F. B. Ogden, Grand Represen
tative Dames and others. Much chivalry and fra
ternal greetin-s prevailed, and the canton's motto
•Universal Justice" was loudly cheered.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Pocahontas Council, Decree of Pocahontas, re
ceived an official visit from the great chlefß of the
reservation last Monday evening. Elaborate
preparations had been made in anticipation of this
visit and every available seat of the spacious wig
wam was occupied by members and visitors
G reat Sachem A. Jackson was accompanied by C. F.
Burgman, G. C. of It., great representatives B. F.
Josselyn and Frederick Biandt and Great Sannap
Porter L. Bliss. The adoption degree was con
ferred upon a pale-face in a manner which elicited
unstinted praise from tbe great chiefs. Refresh
ments were served at the conclusion of the even
ing's business. Amone the visitors were «.reat
Prophetess Carrie M. Johnson. Pocahontas L. Dil
llngham and Keeper of Records Mrs. K. L. Wilson
of Wyoming Council. Oakland; Sachem W. J.
Keating of Comanche Tribe, Klmhurst; Wenonah
Mrs. M. U. Keating of Minnewßwa Council of
Klmhurst: Pocahontas Minnie Newton of lona
Council of Yreka, and Charles Herzog, C. of R. of
of leka Tribe. Yreka.
Last Thursday Great Sachem Jackson and Great
Chief of Records Burgman paid a fraternal visit to
Cbippewa Tribe at San Mateo, were greeted by a
good attendance and found evidence of a pros
perous future f.ir the tribe.
C. F. McGlashin of Tahoe Tribe, Trnckee, who
was a delegate to the Pythian Convention, visited
the Red Men's Council Hall last week. H.- re
ports Tahoe Tribe as progressing, having since It
was Insituted on the 22d day of !ast February in
itiated eleven pale-faces. The tribe has secured
regalia and will send a team to compete for the
prizes nffered for the best team.
F. M. Rutherford, also a delegate to the Pythian i
convention and a prominent Red Man, visited
Council Hal last week.
Otonka Tribe of Napa has been maicin- a fine
showing this term, having already Increased its
membership by thirty-five. Past Sachem K. J.
Bailey, jormerly chief of records of that tribe, was
in this City last week and called on the great chiefs
at Red Men's Hall.
The picnic of the tribes and councils of Sacra
mento at Natoma Grove on Tammany day was a
very enjoyable outing. It tooK fifteen coaches to
convey the picnickers to the grove.
Samoset Tribe of Valiejo shows an increase for
the term.
Oshone Tribe adopted five palefaces at Its last
held meeting. There were at the time twelve ap
plications on tile. Las August this tribe num
bered forty-nine and now it numbers 130.
George Lovie, P. G. S., was In this City last week
attenaiuc on the convention of the Knights of
I'yihias. He reports the tribe in Red wood City as
doing well.
The Daughters of Pocahontns have applied for a
Btate charter of the United States to enable them
to be independent of the Great Council of this
Btate.
Montezuma Council had a large meeting last
week, adopted four palefaces and received three
applications.
Wyoming Council will hereafter meet at Broad
wayand Eighth street, Oakland.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The . installation of the officers of La Estreila,
' ' the baby parlor, took place last Monday in
Native Sons' Hall in the presence of a large
number of people." The Installation was by Mrs.
i. 8. Baker, D. D. G. P., without book. It was let
ter perfect and was very Impressive.
Since the list published in The Call, last -Mon
day the following named delegates to the Grand
Parlor have been elected : Ursula No. 1. Jackson—
Catle M. Mah<>r and Mrs. Kate Delablde. Laurel
• No. 6, Nevada City— Seraphine Sukeforth and Ella
'Floyd Alameda No. 18. Alameda— Mrs- Sophie
Schroeder. Callfla No. 21;, Sacramento— Mrs. Allie
Poole Airs. EmaGett and Miss Katherlne Wlnn.
' La Ksperanza No. 24. Los Angles— Miss Cella
Katze Stanford No 27. Benicia— Miss Eudora
Glover. Occident No. 28, Eureka— Miss Bessie
Baldwin. M PajaroNo.3s. Watsonville— Miss Eva
' Inland and Mrs. Sophrona Palm tag. Naomi So.
36. Downievllle— Mrs. Agpie McNaughton. Parri
No :W. Dixon— Mis, Maggie Appcrson. Ruby -No.
46 Murphys-Miss Annie Snyder. Union No. 49.
Arcafa— Mr->. Minnie Elizabeth Hal . Eitapom.'
No 53 w.jivi rviil.— Nellie T. Condon. 1 urdu
i nflle No 6!i. Sonora-Mrs. Lottie Uarllnsea and
Miss Irene U. Hall. Jiißiiita No. 77, Ainauor—
I Gertrude CultH-rt. fun .lose No.Bl, San Jose-M
 'Louise Carlo. Princess, -No. 84, Angels- .Miss
*£ Edith ' LairtJ. Forest .no. 86, . Plymouth-Mrs.
I callife Shields, ivy No. 88, Lodi-Mrs. Bessie
f /Tredway.'
Fore«tcr» of America.
There is considerable activity in the order at this
There la coos ex
time. Grand Chief Raneer Vellage and the mem
bers of the executive committee are making prepa
rations for an active campaign. They will arranpe
for district visitations. At <>a<*h of these from
three :o five jrund officers will tie In attendance.
and the visits will be 10 various parts of the .iuris
olctton.
Companions of the Forest, F. O. A.
Last Wednesday evening Grand Secretary Miss
A. I). Bremer, assisted by Grand TrOatCC Mrs. K.
Harrington and Past Chief Companions Miss H.
Mentel, Mm B. Hlntz and Henry Kaufman, insti
tuted Loyal Circle in Oakland. The following were
installed as officers for the en»oing term: Mrs.
Flora Jacobs, J. P. C. C. : Mrs. B. Ross, C. C : Mrs.
D. Hubbar.lt, a C. C; Mrs. K. Cohen, financial
secretary; M. t. Harris, recording secretary; M rs.
N. ('. Noblett, treasurer: Mrs. G. Tichnor. K. G.;
Mrs Schramm, L G.; Samuui l'.ose'.berg. O. G.
Mrs M. A. Duke, G. s. c. C. paid an official visit
to san Jose Circle and one to I'ajaro Valley Rose
Circle at Watsonville last week.
The executive committee has reinstated Ance
llna Clrc\e o: Los Angeles.
Ancient Order Foresters.
The work done during the session of the Suhsid- |
iary High Court at I'ktah seems to give satisfac
tion to the great majority of the members of
the order. Those who have r.turned from iliore
are loud in their praise of the manner in which
they were received and treated by the people of
the city where the session was held. The reports
of the various committees were all unusually well
prepared and Interesting documents and those that
are specially worthy of mention are ;hat of the
finance committee, composed of W. J. Locke of
San Francisco. Dr. J. F. Bckardt of Honolulu and
\V. 11. Eastman; that of George H. P. Shaw of Na
tional City, Frank Hoican und A. B. Mciiill of San
Jose, composing the committee on ritual; that of
George W. Lunt 01 San Frareisco, J. M. Mannon
of Ukiah and George F. Browning of san Fran
cisco, composing the committee on laws and sup
ervision. Every recommendation of this commit
tee was indorsed ; and all but two were adopted,
nnd these.wlrle they received a majority vote.failod
I to be carried by a two-thirds vote, as required: that
I of T. B. McCarthy of • oulterville, S. J. Campbell,
i and C J. Nye of the committee on the state ot the j
order was an ably prepared document and It was
unanimously adopted.
The proposition to allow amendments to be of
fered on ihe floor during the session hai a major
ity vote, but not a two-thirds vote; likewise the
proposition to change the office of permanent sec
retary to an elective one. The s> ssion will be held
every two years instead of annually as in the past.
It was decided to employ a State organizer and the
per capl'a tax was fixed at 80 cents.
Hith Co ef Ranter Case was in this City last
Saturday to attend a meeting of the executive
committee. His headquarters will be in fklah.
The Subsidiary HUhCoun indorsed the Califor
nia Advocate as the ollicial orean of the order.
At its last held mc-etin- Lincoln « 'ourt initiated
three candidates and received Iwo applications.
Among the many who were present were High
Court Junior Woodward Shaw of National City,
and M. American of San Diego, and Past High
Court Secretary M. P. Light.
The Druids.
Galileo Grove conferred the third degree on ten
members last Tuesday and received ten applica
tions.
Volta Grove initiated two candidates and con
ferred the third degree on three members on Fri
day, tbe 19th.
Vasco da (Jama Grove Initialed one candidate,
conferred the second and third degrees and elected
delegates to the Grand Grove la-a wock.
Hesperian Grove has elected tho following dele
gates to the Grand Grove: Past Arches H. J.
Golden. E. G. Meyer and H. Harms.
The Grand Grove will convene in thirty-second
annual session in Druids' Hall in this City on the
16tn of June. The committee of arrangements
has secured the Tivoli for lursday, the 16th, when
the delegates will be treated to an operatic show.
On the following night there will be a banquet and
ball in Odd Fellows' Hall In honor of the delegates.
St. Helena Grove and Olive Circle will i;ive a
picnic at Hunts Grove on the 7th of June, and an
invitation has been extended to all Druids to at
tend.
Since Golden Gate Circle was Instituted on the
22d of last February It has initiated twenty-six
new members, and six of these were inducted at
the last held meeting.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Edwin Danforth, P. O. M., representative to the
Supreme Lodge that is to meet next month in
Buffalo, will leave for the East on the Is' prox. and
af;er the session of the Supreme Lodge is over he
will visit the principal cities ot the East and re
turn to California via Yellowstone P«rlc.
The representatives to the Supreme Lodge from
California are Past Supreme Master Workman W.
H. Jordan and Past Grand Master Workmen K.
Danforth, G. B. Katzensteln, J. M. Young and
I Grand Recorder D. S. Hirschberg.
The drill team will, on next Wednesday evening,
Initiate ten candidates for Valley Lodge and the
illustrated worn will be presented by Deputy
Grand Master F. s. Poland.
Next Thursday the board of arbitration will
meet in the office of the grand secretary to pass
upon disputed beneficiary claims.
The California Workman, published by John
Hoesch h s been selected as the official organ of
the order, vice the Pacific Watchman.
There have been a number of applications In this
jurisdiction for $1000 certificates.
The meeting held lust week by Golden West
Lodge, on which occasion the banner voted to it by
tbe Grand Lodge for having brought in the greatest
number of members wiihln a staled time was pre
s-nted by the grand recorder on behalf of the Grand
Lodge, was largely attended. Past Master .Mo-
Mahon, under whose supervision the remarkable
increase was made, was presented a handsome em
blematic gold badge.
Mrs Allda Upchiircn, relict of the late John
Jordan Upchurch, the founder of the order, died In
s:. Louis last month and her remains were placed
by the side of those of her husband. '1 he mem
bers of the order paid due respect to her memory,
Past Grand Master Rev. John D. Vincil deliver
ing tbe funeral discourse.
The Grand Lodge at its last meeting amended
section 16. subordinate- lodge constitu ion, relating
to the election of officers, so as to make the cleri
cal officers who are usually elected In November
elective in May. The grand master workman has
held that as tbe present officers were elected in
November last for one year their terms can
not be shortened: in November, when the usual
time for election comes, there will be no constitu
tional provision for election of clerical officers,
hence the election of these officers will not take
place until May, 1897. The effect of this legisla
tion Is to lengthen the terms of the incumbents,
who will serve for eighteen months instead of
twelve months. The above has no application to
officers other than recorder, receiver, financier and
medical examiner.
Degree of Honor.
Since the adjournment of the Grand Lodge,
which was in session In this City recently, it hits
been noted that there has been an unusual num
ber oi applications for beneficiary certificates.
On the 12th of June there will be a meeting In
Buffalo, It. V., of delegates to the new Superior
Lodge, which will be a body between the Supreme
and the Grand Lodges.
Order Chosen Friend*.
D. S<: well, I. G. C, visited A corn Council last
Monday.
Los A ngeles Council is making arrangements to
celebrate on tbe 28th ins', the seventeenth anni
versary of the order.
The anniversary of the order will be celebrated
in this City next Thursday by the union of pro
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
gressive councils in B'nai B'rith Hall. H. W. Hut
ton will deliver the oration.
Ph'Hiilx Council will at Its next meeting initiate
eight candidates.
Garden City Council will give a picnic on the 21st
of June.
Cloverleaf Council was recently instituted at St.
Lonte, Mo., with forty-four charter members.
Alca'.r 'Z an ! Protection Councils will be consoli
dated on Tuesday, June 4
Knights and Ladies of Honor-
Assessment No. 439 has been levied, payable on
or before the 30lh of June.
Charies H. Wall, the efficient secretary of Seal
Rock Lodge of Alamedi, has gone to Bartlett
Springs for a month's vaca;ion.
The entertainment glvAi on the evenins of the
18th insL in aid of two members in distress was a
success financially a.-> well aa socially. A very tine
progrnmme of songs and recinaior-s «ns pnac nted
and there were also some tancv >la"cps, und lunc'nes
prepared by Aunt Mariah Sain:uithii lircckenridse
(nee Wheelock), which were disposed of and
netted a neat little sum for the benotit of the needy
ones.
On the evening of the 20th inst, the members of
Equity Lodge of .Sacran.i mo gave a reception in
honor of Grand Protector I. under. During the fore
part of ihe evening there wan a literary and mu
sical entertainment, in which the participants, all
volunteer talent, acquitted themselves in a re
markably clever manner. This wns followed by
dancing, which was kept up till miduii;liU
The supreme protector will shortly call upon the
propagating committee to inaugurate another ag
gressive campaign.
During the current month 314 applications were
presented and all but fourteen were fouud to be
good risks.
American Legion of Hi>nor.
The following is a list of the delegates to the
associate council of San Francisco, rwoentfy organ
ized for the promotion and advancement of the or
der: Grand Council Membership Board— Thomas
Filben. C. O. Bur on. C. G. Willmau of Los An
gales, NVllliam Metzner. John V. l'inkham. Golden
louncil No. 118— It. S. Durdeen, A. Currier, J.
Meyers, l»r. W. D. Clark, i;. T. Tway. Alta Coun
cil No. 147— H. Goldninn, H. s. Weaver. W. A.
Griffin. Mrs. C. Hawkins, J. G. Libby. Myrtle
Council No. 187— Mrs. A. Thomson, Mrs. Annie
Carroll, J. H. Carrier, Mrs. Murla Mccormick,
Miss S. B. Jenkins. California Council No.
•_'5U— W. A. Luce, K. Manner. J. (UU-nberg,
C. H. Graves, J. N. Pike. Bohemian Coun
cil No. 261 — Robert Ferral, Gram W. Dixon,
W. A. Dnndas, J. W. Diabrow, C. I>. Wheat.
San Franiisc-> Council No. 442— D. Maclean. C.
C. Butt, Gustave Pohlniaim, Nathan Frank,
May Washington Council No. 480- A. s.
Cook, S. M. Capp, E. B. Cooper, Mrs. K. It. Cooper,
Ittrs. R. D. Porter. Golden htar Council No. 548—
• .eorge l.ippr.ian, Samuel Kr.iceti. Mrs. Bertha
Mjchelson, u:t» Morris, Ja«-ob Abrams. Protec
tion Council No. 596— R. Dross, B. Levy, L. Kra-
mer, Miss M. H. Levy, Dr. A. S. Fuchlor. Metrop
olis Council No. 640— tiooree Rend, W. D. Mam'
fled, W. H. J. Bishop. J. O. Jephson. S. T. Smith.
Mystic Coun.'ll No. 674 — A. H. Paul. Golden Shore
Co"uncil No. 695— A. K. Ridley, J. J. McNa'nara, J
H. Baker, Henry Lichten^tVln. E. L. Iloeber.
Golden Gate Council No. 1309— C. W. Card. Mid
winter Council No. 1335 —M. Fltrpatrlck, H.
Zecher, J .H.;Reil!y, M. Albrecht, H. Nathan.
An executive committee composed of nineteen
members will In the near future meet to devise
« ays to best carry Into effect the purpose of the
new organization.
To-morrow night Washington Council will In
itiate one candidate, and on the following night
Philadelphia Council will Initiate two.
Knight* of Honor.
Commit! ees from the various lodges of the City
are meeting at this time, making arrangements
for the celebration of the anniversary of the found-
I n^ of the order on the HOth of Jnne.
Grand Dictator Archibald has returned from his
sou theru trip.
Jr. Order United. American Mechanics.
The discussion in Hamilton Council on woman's
rights will not take place until the 25th Inst.
Lincoln Council cave a very successful smoker
last Weduesday night. There were more than 600
persons present In the banquet hall ot B. B. build
ing, where the entertainment was flven. After a
number of speeches had beeu ma.le and a pro
gramme of song and music hud been rendered
ninety-three applications wer» tiled.
(;<H>r»:e A. Custer Council will give a smoker to
morrow night in Fraternal Hall, Oakland.
The •nt.-r: ai nriu-nt by the commandery will be
given on the evening of the 3d of June in Califor
nia Hall in Oakland. Only professional talent will
present the several numDers on the programme.
< m Wednesday evening committees from various
councils will moot at 14 Golden oate avenue to
discuss a proposition to establish a funeral lenetlt
fund In the ordtr.
Alexander Hamilton Council has appointed a
committee of three to mcc: alike committee from
City council* to make arrangements for taking
part in the 4th of July celebrntlon. These com
mittees will hold a meeting on the Ist of June.
I "a it State Councilor Cook Is organizing a council
at Tulare.
P. A. Phanor, who will be the next National
councilor, will visit this State between the 25th of
June and the Ist of July. an<! deliver a number of
addresses in various parts of the state.
Independent Order B'ne B'rith.
Grand President Wolfe, who will soon start on
his visitation to the lodges In tbe >o-n horn part of
the State, has been Invited to take part in the
Baron de Hirsch memorial service to be hela by
Lasker Lodge In San Diego.
Grand Orator Tauskv took part in the me
morial <ervlce by Ariel Lodge in San Jose yeiter
day.
All the lodges in this jurisdiction outside of San
Francisco are making arrangements for memorial
aervtOfl In respect to i he memory of the late Baron
de Hirsch. At Portland, or., all the lodces will
combine, and the lodges lv Los Angeles win corn
bin- in a celebration.
The entertainment to be given by Montefinre
Auxiliary will be given on Tuesday, the 26th. In
stead of on the date previously announced.
Baron de Hirsch Lodge of Butte, Mont., U mak
ing arrangements to hold memorial service shortly
In respect to the memory of the philanthropist.
Itoyal Arcanum.
The. Supreme Council of the order has been In
session during the past week In Savannah, Ga.,
and ninny important measures were received and
acted upon.
Preparations for I'.oyal Arcanum day are being
actively carried on by Argonaut Council, the mem
bers of which are pfae leaders In the movement.
They are congratulating themselves on the good
time that is to come, and Secretary de Roco Is
kept busy with the various committees.
Assessment No. 8, delinquent July 1, is the
eighth call for 1896. This order, established in
1877, now has a membership of 2u0,000. nnd the
small number of assessments merits attention.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Last Friday San Francisco Tent had an interest
ing review, and several candidates were initiated
into the mysteries of the order. This tent will
give a banquet In the near future and a committee
of arrangement* was appointed.
Oakland Tent, at its review last Thursdaj
inl'.iated a number of applicants, and in view of
the increase in membership the board of trustees
was Instructed to secure new and larger ausirters.
The tent recently instituted In the Western Ad
dition is making a good showing.
Woodmen of the World.
Redwood Camp gave a smoker at Pythian Hall
last Thursday, which was attended by a large and
enthusiastic audience. Dr. M. K. Van Meter de
livered the opening address. Past Council Com
mander Geary cave an exhaustive and lucid ad
dress on the objects and benefits of Woodcraft
Past Council Commander Whlitler, In his usmbl
happy niauner, kept the audience in a roar of
laughter during the time he occupied ita hi . BUoo
The other nimbers .vere made up of son. . .!
recitnticns. A nutnberof applications were tile. i
Kixbt cuiiili-lates wiU be taken Into camp ai the
next meeting.
Order of Pendo.
The musical and literary entertainment given
by uoldeu Gate Council last Monday evening in
Red Men's Hall was attended by a large number
of people and proved a success in every way.
After an excellent programme had been disposed
of ice cream and ca.es were aerved to the quests.
who crowds! the ini>enii<;-ha!l tOtlM doors, after
which danciiic toilowed lifl muiniKiit.
Moiiott Council was inatltuioa a week ago last
Friday at Monott, Mo., with a large charter-list.
Alpha Council of Butte, Mont., entertained its
fr:ends a week ago Saturday.
Grand Army of the Republic.
Unity Posl No. 171 will, in occordance with the I
rituai ot the Grand Army of the Itepnblic, observe ,
Memorial day at the Veterans' Home- near Yount- j
ville. An interesting f.-atnre of the occasion will j
be tho presence of the school children of Yount
ville and vicinity, who will act a* escort to the old
v-terans «nd assist in decora;iiii.' tae graves of
nearly 300 soldiers aud sailors of the Republic
who are sleeping, awaiting the great rollcall.
National tbmamrw* Association.
The beneficial plan of this order differ i some
what from the other fraternal organizations. Cer
tificates ar» issued In various amounts, from *500 '
to $'J0Ot(, pavableat death or oue-h:ilf in case of |
total disability. Hut one assessment IS levied each |
month nnd each is crs»led according to age.
Twenty-flve per cent r>f all money collected is set
asiile for the reserve fund and certiricites aie non
assessable after twenty years. All member:; must
pay a pro rata into this fund, if a member dies j
before the expiration of twenty years ihe amount j
remaining due is deducted from the certificate.
Jt is repres'-nu-l that at this time there is no
order that is stronger physically than this one.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
H. C Elliott to T. L. Elliot;., rerecord of 801 d
201 of lot on X line of Waller street, 35:6 of
Fillmore, B 52 by N 87:6; $2000.
>i:s;iu Elliot to Charles A. tlllot, rerecerd of
1688 d 303, same; gift.
W. B. and Dora S. Chapman (nee Sherwood) and
Gustav Friederich to Thomas R. Basset lot on
SW corner of Sacramento and Walnut streets, W
23 by B 100; $10.
Miguel Vincent, Catallna Noe and Catalina
Splivalo to Stephen Wing, undivided Vs of lot on
» line of Liberty street, 185 W of Valencia, W 50
by S 115: *10.
Same to Carrie O. Doane, lot on S line of Liberty
street, -55 W of Valencia, W 20, S 79, W 36, S 35,
E 55, N 114; $10.
Alt red Olson to John Bullen, lot on E line of
Hampshire street, 172:6 S of Twenty-first, S 25
by E 100; $10.
Emilie Weisonborn to Rudolph Herman and Al
bert. Miicbtenoth, lot on E line of Mission street,
100 X of Twenty-fourth, B 1-2:6, N lo9:liy a ,W to
point 1*3:6 X of Twenty-fourth, S 93:6; *10.
Christian and Johanna /inns to Viechi laonesto,
lot on E line of Telegraph place. 206:3 W of
Kearny street, \V 17:2y, by X 46; $10.
E. J. and Lily K. McCutchen to W. L. Dickenson,
lot on N line of Jessie street, 137:6 E of Fourth,
E 137:6 by N 85: $1.
William Ij. and Luella Dickeuson to James L.
Flood, lot on NW line of Jessie street, 137:6 .N'E
of Fourth. XE 137:6 by MV 85; *10.
Louise C. lt&couillat (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff)
to Kdward J. I^e Breton, lot on NX line of First
street, 206:3 SE of Harrison, SE 68:9 by NE
137:6: $12,680.
Louisa Taylor to William B*. Tevis, lot on N line
of T.-hnma street, 355 \V of First, W25 by M 80;
$10.
William B. and Mabel P. Tevis to John F. H.
Wohler, lot on NW line of T«'liama street, 355
SW of First. feW 25 by NW 80: $10.
Joseph G. Lcvensaler (administrator of estate of
Emma Levensaler) to Willi-m M. Levonsaler, lot
on s>E line of Howard street, 300 SW of Fit ih,
SW 25 by HE 80: $100.
Wl Ham M. Levensaler to Joseph O. Levensaier.
rame; also lot on >W corner of Lombard and
Franklin streets, W 137:6 by X 137:6: $10.
Christian Zlnns to Johanna Zlnns, lot on W line
of West Twenty-eighth street, 240 X of. A, X 85,
W 83:6, >X 95, E 74; gift.
George H. Weeks, administrator of the estate of
Thomas D. Jones, to Xicolaus Lubee, lot on N \V
corner of P street and Fourteenth avenue, X 100
by W 25, block 264, ON. & H. tract; $'475.
John and Minnie K. Bullen to Alfred Olson, lot
on s line of Thirtieth street. 120:9 E of Laidley, E
35 by S 1-5, block 23, Mi sion and Thirtieth-street
Homestead; $10.
Christian Zinns to Johanna Zlnns, lot on SW
line of Hoanoice street. 25 SE of Bemls. SE 75 oy
SW 113; also lot on corner of S line of Lewis
street with XW line of Bemis, SW 96. X 79:8, E
125:5, block 32, Mission and Thirtieth street
Homestead: gift.
JuiiaAkins (administrator of the estate ot W.
11. Aklns), to Julia Smith, lot 10, block E, Stone
tract. Brooklyn Township; *-^50.
ALAMF.DA COfNTV.
Charles A. and Cecele Fawcett to Harry L. nol
comb, lot on S line of Caledonia avenue, 508 W of
Telegraph avenue, as widened to 100 (ect, W 60
by 6 143, subject to a mortgage to Oakland Bank
of Savings, Oakland; SIU.
Helen L. Craig to Cecele Fawcett. lot on XE tine
of East Hfcrenth street, 85 X W of Eighth avenue,
XW3SbyXE 100, block 71, Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
Edwurd D. and Helen Harmon to Peter Mads»n,
lot on X line of Woolsey street, 223.62 I. of Ade
line. E 45 by .V 100, being lot 14. b 0.-k Q, amend
ed map of Newbury Trac;. Berkeley; $10.
Jacob and Lina Hcyman to Louisa Bald (wife of
11.), lots 141, 142 an.l 143, Alviu Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
William and Barbara Zoller to Charles H. and
Eliza Grass lot on X W corner of Bay and Ch 1 st
nut Ntr.tts. W 90:3, X 100, W 24, X 35:6, E
114:3, S 135:6 to beginning, being a portion of the
Curtis Tract, Berkeley: 4.5.
James A. Squire to Mary A. Squire, lot on SW
corner of Chan nlng way and Dana street, W 100.
S 135. E 100, X to becinning, being subdivisions X
and Lot lot 5. bloc* 5, College Homestead, Berke
ley, glft-
A. M. and Mary C. Benham, W. ft. and Ellen L.
Thomas to Firs; Xatlonal Bank of Oakland, lots 1
to 4, Rose Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Oustavus A. Swaaey to Emm» H. Swaaey, lot on
s line of Clinton avenue, 160 W of Willow street,
W 50 by H 105.63; also lot on S line of Clinton ave
nue, "75 W of Willow street, thence along S line
of Clinton avenue 25, thence S 95.36 to Bay of s.in
Francisco, thence E to a point where a line drawn
S. from point of beginning and parallel witn Wil
low street would intersect the said bay shore line,
tlience 96. 3d to beginning, subject to mortgage to
Alamcda Building and U an Association; also per
sonal property, \iame<ii«: Kift.
O. F. and Margaret A. K. Moody to H. W. and
Christine M. Butt, lot on X corner of lands of
Daniel F. Moo ly and lands of H. W. Butt, being
on 8 line of Third street, thence S 65.") W4U,
X 655:3, E 40 to beginning, Washington Town
ship; $10.
.Eugene or Eugenia Ghirara>M and Edward J.
Le lire, on to Domingo (.hir.ird.-iil lot on W line
of Poplar street, 179 8 of Went Fourteenth, 8 38 by
W 116, beinclot 11, block 577: a so .ot on sW cor
ner of West Fourteenth and Poplar streets. W 113
by b 179, being lots 12 to lb, block 577, Oakland;
$10.
Eugene Gblrardelll to same, same (2 pieces);
Adolph Zeller to Maria Zeller, lot. on NW lino of
Second avenue. 100 XE of Summer street, HE 50
by XW 100, being lot 50, Locksley-sqnure Tract,
Oakland Township: mft.
James and Agnes Kankin et ul. to Alice I_ Hay
mond, lot mi W line of Mark street, 200 X of
Keiimy, X4O by W 135. block 2, Kearny Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Bnilders 1 Contracts.
San Francisco Stock Brewing Company with
Ferdinand wagupr, brickwork and iron anchors 10
be used as an uddition to brewery on XE corner of
Eighth street, SK of Harrison: H. Geilfuss. archi
tect; $16'J«.
James W.W»rd with Daniel Sweeney, carpen
ter work, eta, for a three-story frame building,
with two-story stable on the X\V corner of Broad
way and Devisadirosireei; $17,100.
Mrs. P. Roscnzwfig with Crnwford 4 Ferris,
brickwork, concrete work, marble work; excava
tion for two buildings on the NE corner of Hyde
and Geary streets; $152 3.
Mrs. P. itoseii7.wpig with James Campbell and
I. A. IVttns. carpenter work, etc., same; $8037.
Mrs. P. ltoseiir.w<>iz with Golick A Weatherboe,
plumblugandgasflt.ing, same; $1377.
The Prince of Wales now affects Eng
lsh-made tan elovt^, embroidered on the
back with black mohair stripes. Tan for
daylight, pettrl-^ray for the evening, is a
formula which has almost uninterrupt
edly indicated the civilian gloving of his
Royal Hiehness any day these twenty
years.
• ■ \ i>-.iii it i in.
The arrow lies with the wind. The top figures
at station in<ii, , maximum u>mptranir« lor the
days; ; tl:o«e underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches ami huudredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect, |>olii;s of equal air pressure; Iso
therm-t. or dotted hues, equal temperature. 1 in
word "hleu" meaaa high barometric pressure and
is usually accomoanled by fair weather: -low"
rifers to low, pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Whin the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed - with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, «nd
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WKATHEB BIKKAII REPORT.
("niikd States Dki-akikkst of AoriccT/-
Tt-RK. Wkatiirk Bureai:, San Francisco, May
24. 1896, 5 p. v.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 60.98. last season 41.94: lied Bluff 22.13.
last season 29.25: Ban Francisco 21.20. last sea
son 25.41: Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: san
Luis übispo 17 70, last season V 5.93; Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.10; bSM Diego 6.32, last sea
son 12.20; Yuma.BK, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations In California aunng
the past twenty-four hours: Kureka 60. lied Bluff
82, san Francisco 78. Fresno 88. Kan Luis Obispo
88. Los Angeles 94. San Diego 94, Yuma 102.
Han Francisco data— Maximum temperature 78,
mln«mum 51, mean 64.
The following rainfalls are reported in California
during the past twenty-four hours: Red Bluff .24,
san Luis Uhispo trace, San Diego trace.
An aieaof high pressure has moved from the
northern coast of California to Wash! gton, caus
ing generally fair weailvr with warmer northerly
winds. The pressure is above the normal over
Washington, Oregon, Northern California and
Nevada. It continues about normal over Arizona.
The temperature has risen during the past
twenty-four hours over California and Southern
Ore. on from 10 to 20 degrees. It has fallen about
10 degre-s over Northeastern Utah. A maximum
temperature of 102 degrees occurred at Yuma.
Over the extreme southern portion of California
and Western Arizonn the weather has been cloudy
and at San Diego aud Phosnix there have been
very light rain 3. It is raining In Northern Wash
ington.
• oi.iiltlons are favorable for fair weather
throughout this State Monday, with continued
hi_h temperature.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. May 26, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Monday; continued
hij;h temperatur ■ fresh northerly v.-inds.
Southern California— Fair Monday, with cloudy
weather 10 the extreme southern portion; contin
ued lii^-li temperature: fresh northwesterly winds.
Nevada— i-air Monday: warmer in northwestern
portion.
L'tah— Fair Monday ; warmer.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday; continued high tem
perature.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday; con
tinued high temperature: fresh westerly winds.
ALEiANnim G. Mc»'dik,
Local Forecast Ollicial.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Mat, 1896.
I Su. Mo. To. \V^ TU. _Fr.| Sa. Moon . 8 phMM
1 3 ~T
(7*\LtLat Quarter.
3*68789 May 4
546«7 8 9 -—
T^TTT7T7T7TrT7® New Moon.
'10 II 12 13 14 15 16^9 May i 2.
; 17 18 19 20 31 22 23 j^First Quarter
! ' — 'v!^ May ID.|
i 24 25 26 ' 37 28 i 2& ' 30 "
i 1 ! lift Full Moon.'
[M I \\£S May 36^
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMEB | DESTINATION. | SAILS. | PIKB.
Del Son* .. Hiram Qaroor. : Mar 26. 6pm —
Corona sail Diego . Mayl2s.llA Pier 11
f0m0UK..... iitiinOo.iUiia/ May." 5. am Pier 9
1 Weeoti Eel hivor Jlay27. .»am Pier IS
Sunol Grays Harbor. May 27 .12 v Pier '1
K.ur«it» .... NewDOr-. May 27, yah Pier 11
Araeo Cam Kar | MayjT.lOAW > ;cr 13
Columbia... Portland Mrv'JH.lOam Pier 24
City Sydney Panama Mhv'JM.l'J m P 1188
Monowai... Sydney May2B. Organic
Bclcic China* Japan May2B, Bi-m I' MSS
Saaia Horn*, --an Utero May29.llAM Pier 11
Umaitlla Vie a Pc: Sna MayVU. 9am i'ier
Empire Oregon ports.. : May3l. spi# Pier 13
•*. I'ani I Nuwnori |Mav3l. Bam Pier 11
Orizaba. ! Mexico Joe I,loam Pier 11
Blatro.' i'«; r'omani Jne 2.10 am Pier 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
> .- \ U -.X
[■"BOM
DUB
Columbia I Portland | ..May 25
I mauila | Victoria <£ Puk-e; sounj ..May 25
Kureica _.. Newport May 25
City or Evereti Nunnimo .>ia-->5
Truckee TlllamooK May '2S
Araco Loot bay ..May 26
Waghtenaw Tacorust May 26
Progressist < Departure Bay May 26
Orizaba i Mexico..... May
Mexico Senltie ..... May 26
Cleone Crescent City May
anta Komi nuCiMo... n . May 21
Miwklnnw in om» May 28
ban Blaa ' Panama May 28
Kmplra Portland ....."...;.. ..May 28
st Paul Newport... ». May 20
Acapulco Panama....' ! ...May
City of i'uebia.. Victoria A Put*; tsouaj ; ..May 30
Slate or Portland..... I . May HO
farallon Yaaulna «ar ..May 31
Crescent City... { Crescent Cltr. May 31
Corona ; San l»uo. .. i .Jne • 1
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
C. P. Coast and GKonmc Srrmv^r Tina)
lIfLI.KTIN- Ptjbi.mhkd by Official V
AITKOBITY OF TUB SUPKRtNTRNDXN'T. )
ktondav May '26.
Snn rises 4.51 1: M00n rises
Bnn sois 7.24|M00u sets 3.20 am
May— lß9o.
I TIHH Feet Zilllf. Feet HJ2I K»et IlfH Fe«
g|b >» I H \V |i, W ■ 11 w
25 4.30 —1.1 11.33 4.1 4.0 I , a. '10.08 1 6.0
26 5.1K -1.6 r.'.:U 4.4 1 4.48 2.9 10.50: 6.1
27 6.07 — I.M 1.30 4.5 . 5.35 3.1 11.33 5.9
28 6.54 — 2.25 4 4 6.36 3.2 ...... I !
111 W Feet L W ! Feet | H W Feet L W I Feet
•J9 0.17 5.7 7.41 1— 1.8j 3.21 4.5 7.24 3.3
SO 1.04 5.4 8.27 —1.2 4.13 4.6 8.31 3.3
31 1.57 4.6 1-0.71 .5.00. 4.6 9.48 ■ 3.2
.MiTK In the above exposition of the tides the
«arly morning tides aru given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
Lime column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column given the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
Hounding* on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractlvr
•mm i!ip (I..i>:i- <rlv«n hr he chnrrs
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY, May 24.
Stmr Snnol, Dettmers, 73 hours from' Cosmopo
lls: pass and mdso. to Grays Harbor Commercial
Co. . .
Stmr Xavarro, Hardwlck, 17 hours from Men
dncino; lumber and r r t!es, to Mendoclno Lumber
Co.
Stmr Pomona, Dornn. 17 hours from Eureka:
pass and mdse. to Goo<lall, Perkins <& Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 19 hours from Monterey and
way ports: produce, to Good all. Perkins ■& Co.
stmr Xoyo. Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort, Bragg;
pass and mdse, to J S Klmball.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson, 1 5 hours from Green
wood: lumber, to L E White 'Lumber Co.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 21 U> hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse, to Kusa, Sanders it Co.
simr Xe-.vsboy, Fosen, |21 hours from Usal;
2u3M ft lumber, to Us.l Redwood Lumber Co.
StmrLaguna, Peterson, 20 ' hours from : West
port; inmb»r, to I'oliard <£ Dodge. Up river direct.
Simr Point Arena. Johnson, — hours from Point
Arena; pass and' mdse, to Mention Lumber Co.
! Stmr Columbia, Bolles, 48 hours from Portland,
via Astoria 37 hours: produce, too RAN Co.
Hark C D Bryant, Le». 15 days from . Honolulu;
17.596 bags sugar, to Williams.' Dlmond * Co.
Haw bars Leah!, Johnson, 22 days from Kahu
lul: 13,455 bags sugar, to Allen <fe Lewis.
Volante, Dannevlg. «3 days from Camela
Bay, Mexico; 361 prlmavera logs, to Dleckmann
&co. , .
Schr Nettle Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 40 bxs butter, to H Newbauer 4 Co; 100
cs cream, to California Creamery Co.
Schr Moro, Jonrenaou, 69 hours from Co
qnllle River; 100 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Co.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 9 days from Grays
Harbor; 260 M ft lumber, to E X wood Lumber
Co. , . .......
Schr Maxim. Olsen, 30 hours from Caspar;
155 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co. '
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega;
60 bxs butter, to Ross * Hewlett. ■• .
Schr C A Tnayer, Lilyquist. 9 days from Grays
Haroor; 660 M ft lumber.to E X Wood Lumber Co.
Schr W F Jeweu, Johnson, 14 days from K»
hulut: 12,168 hags sugar, «0 salt hides, to Alexan
der * Baldwin.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Art, 2 days from Mum
bold lumber, to J X Hanify.
Sailed.
SUNDAY, May 24.
Stmi Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and Port
Town send.
Stmr Farailon. Bob Arts. Yaqulna Bay.
Br snip Falls oi Haliadale.Fordyce, Sydney.
p Elwell. Ryder. Xanalmo.
Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt. Honolulu. '
Bktn Eureka, Paulsen, Tacoma.
Ukln Uncle John, Murchlson. .
Schr Mary Bidweli, Schroder.
Telejcraphtc.
POINT i-OBfV*. May 24-10 F. M.-We»thß.
hazy: wind NW; velocity Smiles. .
; Domestic Port*. ' '
EUREKA— Arrived May 24-Stmr Alice Blanch
ard, hence May 22. *..--. . .
Sailed May 24— Sohrs Elnorah and For tuna, for
San Francisco: stmr Alice Blanch for Port
land. •
CASPAR— Arrived May 24— titmr Jewel, from
San Pedro. . ■'.
MENUOCIA-O-Saiied May 24-»tmr Poln.
Arena, lor San Francisco. -- -•• • •■••--,> ;•■ •
IVERSEXSLAXDIXG-Arrlvea May 24-Sclir
Arthur 1. heuce May 31. i. ■ ■ • '•:
TATOOSH- Pushed May 24-Bark General Fair
child, from Xanalmo, for San Francisco.
BOWEXS LANDING— Arrived May 24— Schr
Newark, beuce May 23. -
FOIiT BRAGG— Sailed May 24-Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed May 24— Stmr National
City, for Sau Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 24— Stmr Arago, for
San Francisco.
Movement* or Tr.iin- V* in Sta»msr«. I
PHILADELI'HIA— Arrived May 24 — Stmr !
Rhynland. from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 24— stmr Veendam, '
from Rotterdam: stmr Manilla, from Marseilles '
NEW YORK— Arrived May 24-stmr Ailer, fm i
Bremen. ■■•■-' . :~ :
MOVILLE-Arnved out May 21— Stmr State of I
California.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out May 24-3tmr
Saale.
WUEENSTOWN-Salled May 24-Stmr Lucanla
for New York.
DOVER-Passed May 24-Stmr Aacben. from
Bremen, for New York.
DUNGKNKSS- Passed May 24-Stmr Zaandam
from Amsterdam, for New York.
LlZAKD— Passed May sS-Jtmr La Champagne
from Havre, tor New York.
Importation*.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2 bxs plates, 46 tubs
butter, 227 bxs butter, 1 cs dry good*. 9 hf tubs I
butter, 9 pkgs household goods, 1 bx hardware. 1 '
bx clothing, 1 bx shakes, 9 dressed calves. 350 i
M shingles, 2 bbls mineral water. I cs photograph
Roods, 1 pkg goods, 14% M ft lumber. 9 bdls pelts,
5 hides, 1 sk tails. 12 cs 4 bb!s elder, 2 rolls car
pet. 1 pKg samples, 15y 3 M shakes, lak coin, 7
pkgs express.
AMESPORT— Per Gipsy— 6s sks beans, 30 tubs
3 bxs butter, 6 cs cheese. :"..'.
Pigeon Point— 2o bxs 180 twin drums cheese.
Santa Cruz— l bdl sacks. Ibx canned trait, 6 sks
sand. 27 rolls 17 bales leather, 13 bdls hides, 300
bbls lime.
s >quel— l buggy, 4 wheels. 1 pair shafts.
Watsonville 'i cs varnish.
Salinas— Blo sks barley.
Moss Landing— iA bx butter.
FORTBRAGG-Perrfoyo— 1 pkg bicycle tires, 1
bx type, 1 bale collars. 2 pkgs mdse, 6 cs electri
cal goods, 1 cs docks, 1 bx parterns. oft piles, 218,
-102 ft lumber.
COSMOPOLIS-Per Sunol— 33o.M ft lumber.
Aberdeen— l pkg stationery. -
Hoqulam— 7 bdls hides, 1332 bdls grape snooks,
04 bdls cotton
South Bend— l bx fish.
PORT KENYON— Per Weeott— 22s bxs butter,
69*4 kegs butter, 159 sks potatoes, 38 bdls bides,
1 sic wool. 6 sks hides. 7 cs mdse, 103 bales excel
sior, 1 cs shoes, stt dressed calves, 225 hogs.
Shelter Cove— l c* furs.
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena— l keg 40
bxs butter, 1 cs eggs, 5 hides.
Little River — 4 pkgs mdse.
Mendocino— i cs mdso.
Navarro— 6l33 r r ties.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia—
2037 sks potatoes, 1605 sks bran, 500 sks raid
dllngt, 633 pkgs salmon, 2029 sks wheat, 18.689
sks flour, 1 cs boots and shoes, 1118 pkgs paper,
278 pegs fertilizer. 7500 ft ash lumber, 143 ski
oysters, 15 pkgs ginger ale, 2cs booKs, 156 pkgs
dry salts, 1 lathe 1 pkg machinery, 61 pkgs strip
tin, 704 pkgs furniture, 334 pkgs barrel heads, 120
pkgs barrel staves, 2032 pkgs snooks, 90 pkgs
lard, 16 pkgs bams.
Consignees.
Per Sunol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co: eayot,
Upnam it Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co: We3lon
Basket Co; Kowalsky & Co; Wieland Brewing Co;
Kissinger it Co: National Brewery.
Per Noyo— Golden State and Mineral Iron
Works; 0 E Whitney <& Co; Anier Press Assn: H
Levl A Co; Westlnghouse Electrical Co; Union
Lumber Co; Main & Winchester; Faumhann, Mul
ler & Kaher.
Per Gipsy— Herman Joost; H Dutard; Arctic Oil
Works; Hammond & Brod; Martin. Feusier& Co;
Brigham, Uoppe <£ Co: siudebaker Mfs Co; Miller
6 son; Kron Tanning Co: Wheaton, Breon <fc Co;
H CoweU & Co: Dairymen's Union ; J M simoco.
Per Pomona— Sherwood * Sherwood : A X White;
Wbeaton, Breon <t Co: W Jt J Sloane <fc Co: Com
mercial Transfer Co: Wells, Fargo <& Co; W E Me-
Lellan; C £ Whitney A Co: Brigham, Hoppe & Co;
Dairymen's Union; Getz Bros & Co; Hills Bros; D
Tweede; Hllmer, BredhoiT it schnlz; Henderson,
Breon A Co: Ross A, Hewlett: Amer Press Assn; J
C Ault: Dunham, Carrigan <& Co; Gray & Mitchell;
Standard Oil Co: Dodge, Sweeney Co; Arctic Oil
Works: Deere Imp Co; D N <fc X Walters <& Co; E
W Sankle; F W schmatlng: AFav&Co: G de
Lucca: Humboldt Mineral Water Co: McKay &
Co; H J shellcock: Kruse.t Euler; A J Stewart:
Pacific Coast Newspaper Co; Sawyer Tanning Co.
Per Weeott— Russ, Sanders A Co; Hills Bros: P
Kelly: Norton, Teller A Co; Brigham, Hoppe & Co;
Wheaton, Brcon & Co: O B smith A Co: H Dutard;
Do<lne. Sweeney A Co: Witzel & Baker; Trojan
Boot an l shoe Co: C X Whitney A Co; F B Hatght:
Baker A Hamilton; Wolf A son; Standard Oil Co:
5 II Frank & Co; Baker A Hamilton: It II Hogan:
<> bchegtrta: It J Shellcock; Hnlse, Bradford A Co;
Cahn, Nickelsburg A Co; Hooker A Co; -i Bloom;
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
Louis Kline A Co; G de Lucca A Co; J Schweitzer
A Co: Hammond A Brod.
Per Point Arena— Wilson and Baechtel: Ross A
Hewlett; Fred B Haight: A New-field; HohlfTs A
Gerdau; Schweitzer A Co; Mendocino Lumber Co.
Per Columbia— White Bros; California Fer
tilizing Works; Wm Wolf A Co: Armour Packing
Co: Kerrigan A Co; Doernbeckr Furniture Co;
California Barrel Co: Golden Gate Plaster Mill;
ClaUop Mill Co; M ii Wagner: Morgan A Co; M 1}
Mornguan; Fozarty A Parker; Darbee A Immel;
Pacific sheet Metal WoiJcs: Murray A Stelnhagen;
M P Detels: L Levy A Co; A H Heney A Co;
Wolf A Sons: McDonongb A Runyon, Dal 'on
Bros: W B JLarzalere A Co: J F English; H Du
tard: L Jagirar: Otis. McAllister A Co: C Leist A
Co: George Morrow A Co; Atlas Milling Co; C W
McNear; Allen A Lewis: Thos Loughran; FHll
lens: George E Sheldon: J P Thomas: Moore, Fer
guson A Co: Western Roll Paper Co; Mill, Pulp
and Paper Co • '■.:• ■-■
OCEAH BTKAM3HIPg:
uSOTiliioßMtt
$2.50. Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
fciate of California sails. Hay 23 and J une 3
Columbia sails May 18 and 28
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. m.
60ODALX, PERKINS & CO., Gent Sapts.
F. 1. COS > OR. General Agent,
- 630 Market street.
rAC IFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAM
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
X*lX>a»t Class 63. 00
Second Class S3 OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PKRKINs"& CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMER* WILL oAIL FROM J&gi*
kJ Broadway wharf. »a« Francisco, as Awk
follows: . . 
For Mary Island, Lorln?, WrangeU Jnneao. KU-
llsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Hay 14.
28. June 3, 13, 18, JS.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Rend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Wbatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
May 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. 29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at . Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with . N. P. R. R_
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
> For Kureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Han*
bold: Bay) str. Pomona, a p. m.. May 1. 5. 9,
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cms, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucon,
Port Harford (Sao Luis Oblnpo), Oaviota, >Sama
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Loa Angelas) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
3. 7 11. l.>, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. - ' .
For San DIe«o, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redoudo (Los Ansreles) and Newport, 11
a. m.. May 1. 5. 9. 13, 17, 31. 25. 29 and
tvery fourth day thereafter.
For Knnenada, Pan Joes del Cabo, Masatlan, L»
Fax. Altai* and aay mas (Mexico.), str. Orizaba.
10 a. M., June 1, -7, ana 25th of each month there-
aft r. • •
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Qeni Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
COfIPAGSIE GENERAL TK A.\S ATL
French Line toH^vrn.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH n,rti_
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ana
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, KarypU via Parts,
flnst-cIRS!iSI6U: second-class, $lltt.
I.A TOURAIN"E. CapU San tell!.. ..May 2;', 8 *. m.
LA NORMANDIE May /&. 8 A. M.
LA GASCOGNE ....Jure 'JO. 7 am.
LA -N(iH-l,>M>lr. ............ July 4, 6 A . M .
LA GA^CO«^•K July 25. 11 a. m.
LA NORMA.VDIE Aucust 1, 5 a. M.
LA BOURGOONB. C«pt. Lebwuf. .June 6, 7 a. m.
jar For further particular* apply to
;-;"',*„ aw« 'A. FORGET. Agent.
- ™ *rr, n .?; I 8 ?? in Green, New York.
ROYAL KAIL STEAMJACiET COMPAQ.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /T«l§_
fortnightly for the West Indies and alh|
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. -
Through bills of lading, in connection with th»
Pacific Mall 8. 6. Co., Issued for freight and treat-
Bjre to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, *195; thlrt
data, WI Ml far further particulars apply to
• ' VARROTT & CO., Agents,
■ ' . - ■ 306 California St,
STCCKTOIV STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
. . * 'At J'f: >i. jjaiiv.
Sunday at 7 I*. M.
jar Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■ ' STKAMKK"': .
T. C. Walker, - J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
, Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and Impt. Co.
OCEAN STSAMSHXPSJ
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ u °™?.™ 11
HAWAII. SAMOA, tL* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Bh •>»
AUSTRALIA. \Jfs.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. M .you a I sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, May 2 -i,
at 2 P. M.
Line toCOOLGARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
South Air 0
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. June 1 6, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
J. D. SPRECKELB A BROS. CO.. Agts..
L, ' ■ • ' 114 Montgomery at.
Freight Office, 327 Markedly., san Francisco.
rALLEJO. MARE D, *BEXICIA, POST
COSTA m mwun.
STIt. MONTICKLLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o a. *
and 4 F. m. : Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. Hi
•4 r. H. only. Sunday— B p. m.
•ir.n only.
Lauding. Mission 1. PUr 4.
RAILROAD TRAVELS
SOCTUERN PACIFIC COMPACT.
(pacific unu.)
Tri.li. leave line! me aluo In arrive m«
SAN I'HAMISfO.
leave - rr.QM May 3, ISPS. — Aimiv»
•6:OOa Nile*, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:431
Atlantic Kxpress, Oclcn and Bast.. b:-I.lp
4 :0«a Benicia, VacaTille. Rumaey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis. . . . 6:43
*i99\ Martinez, San Ramon, Kapa, Calia-
> ... toga and Santa. Rosa «:13p
■i»OAl»ileg, .San Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Keel Bluff
._ _^ and Sundays excepted Oroville.... 4:15p
•8:36 a Peters and Milton ! 7:15p
»:ooa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
_ .„ ..Barbara and Los Angeles 4:-13p
S:OO.v Martinez and Stockton 10:13 a
u:00a Valiejo O:l 5p
«i« p £'''•■*• San Jose and LiTermore 8:I3a
. * : iS? Bucramento River Steamers «<J:OOp
♦j : Op Port Costa and Way Stations ]~:*ir
4:«0p Martinez, San Ramon, Valiejo.
r>a;>a, Calistoga, El Verano ai-d
.-. bautaßosa »ilsa
«•••? Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marysrille,
*.•**. »..; roTille Bnd Sacramento l«i«H*
«-3•p^lles, San Jose, Livermoro and
__, Stockton 7»l»p
4:SOp Merced, Bereada, Raymond (for
_ __ Jfoaemite) and Fresno 11:41*
• :•*!> A ew Orleans 13xprcs3,Fresno Eakcrs-
'- ' ; fleld, Santa Barbara, Los Angelea,
;• > . JDeming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 10: It a
•IOOp Sauta Fe Route, Atlantic Express
... for Mojave ami East 10:13 a
5:80p Valiejo 11:43 a
6:OOr ljuropeau Mail. Ogden and East.... 0:43 a
6:«0p Haywards, Nilesand San Jose 7:45 a
l~:»nv 11610 ;: t7:43p
7iCop Oregon Express, Sacramento. Marys-
»ille, Ru'lding, Portland, Puget
■ Sound and Kaat 1O:4Ba.
MA C'ltl'Z DIVISION (Narrow Qamce).
17:45 a Santa Cruz Eicuraion, Santa Cruz
«• K . and Principal Way Stations 1 8 :«5r
• :I»ANiiwarlt,Centerville,San.Jo»o,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Si3«r
•S:18r Newark. Cenrervllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «l 1 !■)•*
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos.... 9:3« a
COAST MVISiON ('l'lilrd A Tonnseml Sts.)
•6:43 a Sau Josa and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) M:4
(7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grove, and
Principal "Way Stations IStMr
8:15 a Ban Jose, Tres Pinoa, Santa Cruz,
Pacitic Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Ol'ispo. Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:OSp
J»:47a. Palo Alto and Way Stations t*:43p
10:4Oa San Jobs and Way Stations 3:UOp
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations S:3op
•2:3(1p San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinaa,Monterey and Pacilio
Grove *I«j4»a
■S:'lOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:47 a.
♦4:30p San Jose and Way Stations •S:OOa
5:30p San .fose and Way Stations »8:4«» a
0: 30 San Jose and Way Stations 0:35 a
filtlSp San Jose and Way Stations 47:4.-, P
SAN LKAaPBO AM) HAVWAKPS LI»AL~
t*6:ooAi ( 7:13 a
8:00 a t»:ISA
io.oot Melr«w, Seminary Park, i?|{g*
ill :00a FiUhbnr ,S.»Le« tt dr- 12:15p
3:00p Fitcnbnrs, Sa» L*andro t i:4Gp
3:00? I aß( | 4:4Sp
4:00p f ' s:iCp
5:0«p D IT _ ar J, «rl.lp
3:30p naywar«s. 7:iop
■7:OOp 8:41 p
8:00p , _ _ ■ . . „. 9:S5p
9:OOp i Buns through to Nile*. ,~op
tfll':lsp^ tFromKiles. [ ttl3:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Froa SIS mKCISCO- Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 I1:00a.M. {1:00 *2:00 t3:00
•i:O3 *5:00 *6:oOp.ii.
From OAIIiND— of Broad w»t.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. }12:00 •1:00 t3:50 *3:00 Ii:CJ
"8:03 rjt.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. 1 Saturdays only.
X Sundays only.
\\ Mondiv. Thursday ar.d Saturday nishts only.
Sli\ FRANCISCO & NORTH PI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:31
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:34
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. *.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:35, 11:10 A. M.; XliO, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetz«n Parlc sanaa
schedule as above.
.Leave I Tn»ltar± Arrive
San Francisco. | |prll^ San Francises.
Wktik j Bus- np.^nation exn *~ I w ««"
Days. [ pays. | Destination. pAY(L | Dat<|^
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petalunia, 6:05 pm 10:10 ah
6:10 pm ! 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
Fulton, "
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 All
Healdsburg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7rBOPM 8:16 P*
" j Pleta,
7:30 am Hopland A 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:80 am Ukiah. T :3opm 6:16 pm
7:30 am ao :10 am
7:30 am Gu«rn«vin«. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm • 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
6:1.0 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I [ Glen Ellen.
7:30 am 7 :30 am s-n^-tono, 110:40 AM 1 10:10 AM
3:30 PM 15:00 | Set>MtopoL I 6:05 rMJ 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Spring's; a*
Cloverdale for tbe Geysers; at Plata for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vlcby Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Llerley's, BuckneU's, Sanhed*
/In Heights, Gravelly Valley, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Orr'.i Hot Springe. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets, Cabto. Cove, a,
Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Bareka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be-
yond San Bafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Cbronloto bunding.
H. WHITING. K. X. RY All.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic "^^^
RAILROAD '^^^^^^^^
Trains leave from and arrive %S^f?P^^prffv
at Market-Street Ferry. CffiSfTc^VjAjfl
. SANTA FE EXPktiSS
To Chicago via A. & P- Direct Line
Lenvet ever* day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
sleepers and Tourist Steepen » Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis. nnnTV c-vrTP
.h p hoiiui ir SA^TA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDXF.SDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
throuch to railway from California to the East.
The best railway from California to the East.
i New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in H»rv»\Vsdimn:c-roonn.
Ticket Office— o44 Market Street, .
Chronicle r.uililin -
TORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing March 29. 1898.
WEEKDAYS.
for Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, *B^oo
•9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. m.: «1:45, 3:20, 4:15.
6:16. *ii:OC .. .3 p. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 1 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Ben Rafael— »B:oo. »9:00,
•10:00. 11:3 a: m.;**i^.Bj. »i:3O, •2:16, *4:0(i
6:30, 6:45, b:3op. m. Extra trip to Bainalltoa»
11 tOO A. M.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentln. •♦IS:3«
P.M. does net run to Mill Valley
1 -in' 'fHRODGH TRAINS.
i\Xn P ' M " weekday s— Cazadero and way stations.
ISx a ' **• Sundays— «nd way stations.
• «Q *.. m. bundays-polnt Reyes ana way station*MERCHANTS TEST
MUSIC'S CHARMS,
Thousands of People Are
Attracted by One
Band.
MUST HAVE AMUSEMENT
Live People Have Proved That
They Will Not Remain in
a Necropolis.
A PROBLEM PARTLY SOLVED.
Rev. Edwards Davis Not After the
Dollar— Need of Gare With
Religious Armies.
Oaklajtd Office Sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 24. )
The merchants of this city have been
for years trying to solve a problem, and
they partially succeeded last night. For
many years it has been conceded that not
less than 520,000 of Oaklanders' money is
spent in San Francisco for legitimate
amusement purposes only. Probably tha
amount is ereater; certainly it is no
Bmaller. This practice not only tends to
rob local merchants of what they consider
their just trade, but it also puts into the
hands of the railroad company for ferry
and car fares a small fortune. To keep
this money at home has long been the de
sire of Oakland merchants, because they
realize if they can keep people at home on
one proposition they can in all others.
So accustomed have been the merchants
to the old state of affairs that they well
nigh regarded it as their unconquerable
fate. They expected the city to represent
a necropolis after dark, and their expecta
tions were beautifully gratified. Nothing
has been done to change this state of
affairs, and year by year the result has be
come more marked.
Last night the neighborhood of the City
Hall was thronged with people till nearly
midnight. At 10 o'clock, the usual hour
on Saturday nis;ht for Oakland to die, some
of the sidewalks were impassable. There
were more people in the stores and more
business was done. Everybody was sur
prised to see everybody else on the streets
instead of having gone to San Francisco or
to bed. And all this was due to a pro
gressive move on the part of the Mer
chants' Exchange.
The members of the exchange recently
decided to try an experiment. They en
gaged a regimental band to give a concert
in the City Hall park. The effect was
magical, and the great danger now ia that
the City Council may pass some more
broad-minded "keep off the grass" ordi
nance because some of the crowd over
stepped the edges of the sidewalk.
Now is the time for the merchants and
capitalists to do some practical thinking.
If a band will attract a thousand people,
then two bands will attract two thousand
people, and the introduction of amuse
ments enough to gratify the varied tastes
of the masses will solve the whole diffi
culty against which the merchants are
now contending. Oakland is, of course,
the natural center of Aiameda County. It
contains the only first-class theater in the
county, which is open on an average but
two nights a week; it also contains the
only cheap theater, which is in a building
that ought long ago to have been suc
ceeded by a handsome modern structure.
Walter Morosco wanted to have a the
ater in a building that is soon to be erected,
but the owner did not think proper to
consent. There is but one way to keep
people and their money at home and that
is by offering them what they can get else
where. They will not remain in Oakland
for the purpose of keeping company with
the sidewalks.
Instead of devoting nearly the whole
of its energies to 10-cent license
quarrels the great body of mer
chants should begin at the other end.
It has been very clearly proven that the
attacks on San Francisco merchants are
circumvented at every turn. Now the
fight should be made from the other end,
and instead of fighting the merchants
should enter the field, at present unfilled
so far as Oakland is concerned, and do a
little building up.
The Board of Trade has just been re
organized and is now prepared for work.
It can do no better for th« present than to
co-operate with the Merchants' Exchange
and go to work and see that the City is
supplied with a first-class family amuse
ment house. It would be filled nightly
with a crowd from all over the county.
The crowd will never come till the attrac
tion is here, and until it is merchants and
ethers will see their streets deserted in
favor of the larger City, for it is a well
known fact that legitimate business and
legitimate amusement go hand in hand.
Rev. Edwards Davis may justly be re
garded as a new minister. Since he first
occupied the pulpit at the Central Chris
tian Church in this city he has been crit
icized in a variety of ways. His dramatic
sermons were an innovation and several
other of his efforts struck orthodox Oak
land as being strangely out of place. At
times many unkind things have been said
about him and the methods he used, but
tie has now outlived them ana Is growing
in popularity, while his church is also in
creasing largely every month. His de
clination of the offer of a San Francisco
church at a greatly increased salary has
proved that he is sincere, and that the old
story of a call from a rich church being
always "a call from the Lord" is not in
variably true.
Mr. Davis is still a very young man, but
he will certainly add to his successes. He
has proved that the almighty dollar is not
his deity, and having done that is entitled
to the best tbat the world theological can
offer.
During the past two weeks this city bas
been visited by men who claim to be the
forerunners of new religious "armies."
Oakland has always been looked upon as
a legitimate and lucrative field for irre
sponsible religionists, and more so-called
evangelistic work is done here than in any
other city of its size. Gospel tents, gospel
halls and gospel missions are located all
over the city and so long as they are not
run on solicited subscriptions they are not
(subjects of investigation.
When, however, they are represented aB
organized bodies and a systematic canvass
for funds is made curiosi.y is excited as to
the validity of the claim. During the past
week collectors of the "Gospel Army" and j
"Jesus Army" and not many weeks ago of
the "Army of Heaven at Hand," were out
and merchants are anxious for credentials,
which are not forthcoming. Since the
success of General Booth's army any re
ligious movement with the military appel
lation commands respect A Broadway
merchant said this week that the majority
of the subscribers are under the impression
that they are subscribing to the original
Salvation Army. In one case a solicitor
wearing the well-known blue uniform was
arrested for obtaining money under false
pretenses, but he proved that he was col
lecting for an "army" of his own, known
as the "Gospel Army," and was released.
Ckne "army" has as much claim to sup-
port as any other, provided it is honestly
run and has an actual existence. So far
as Oakland is concerned there is no "Gos
pel army," no "Jeeus' army" and no
"Heaven at Hand army" at the present
time, nor has there ever been, and the
charitably inclined should be very circum
spect in the manner in which they hand
out alms. 8. W. B.
PLAYING FIREMAN.
rhe Usual Weekly Fire Drill Creates
a Good Deal of Excite
ment.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 24.— Some excite
ment was caused this morning on Wash
ington street while Chief Fair was drilling
several companies on the Brunswick Hotel
block.
There is a stand-pipe at the hotel, and
the Chief gave orders to test it. Contrary
to custom there was an unusual pressure
In the pipe, and when the water was
turned on the fun commenced. The pow
erful stream flew in all directions, knocked
a fireman down a basement, scattered
horses and pedestrians, and it was given
out that a very sericas accident had hap
pened.
"There was nothing serious at all," said
Chief Fair to-nieht. "I want the men to
become acquainted with the working of
the stand-pipes and hydrants in all the
big buildings in the city, and I worked on
the Brunswick this morning. Nobody was
hurt, although there was a little excite
ment when the full force of the water was
felt. Altogether we had a tir=t-class drill. 1 '
ALAMEDA'S FLORAL FETE
Arrangements Perfected for the
Bicycle Parade on Thurs
day Next.
The Populists Meet and Discuss Free
Silver— Two Military Church
Services.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 24.— The lantern
bicycle parade in connection with the
floral fete next Thursday will be one of its
most prominent features.
The details have all been worked out.
The parade will form at Benton street at
the junction of Aiameda and Central
avenues and start at Bp. m. The route of I
march will be up Central avenue to Park
street to Buena Vista avenue and counter
march on Park street to San Jose avenue,
thence to the park. After circling the
park the route will be up San Jose avenue
to Broadway, back to Central avenue,
thence to High street and the grounds.
The wheelmen's show will be under the
direction of the Alaraeda Cycling Club.
V. A. Dodd wilJ act as marshal and M. B.
Gaincs and E. M. vVhalley as assistants.
Every bicycle club on both sides of the
bay will be represented and a host of un
attached pedalers will also fall into line
under the direction of Albert G. Dexter
and F. E. Graham. Every bicycle must
carry at least five lighted lanterns.
Populists Meet.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 24.— The Aia
meda Populist Club met last nicht in G.
A. R. Hall, the president, W. Davis in the
chair. The subject for discussion was
"The bounty given by free-coin ajre coun
tries to their producers, and whether the
same operates as an embargo upon Ameri
can produce." N. J. Manson led, followed
by Dr. Taft and others. The opinion ob
tained that there should be free coinage
of silver in this country and that the only
way of protecting American producers was
by opening the mints to the free coinage
of silver.
Aiameda Choral Society.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 24. — Fred
Cowen's melodious cantata, "The Rose
Maiden," is to be rendered bythe Alamcda
Choral Society under the direction of E.
D. Crandall on Thursday evening, June
4, in Armory Hall. Tl c Boloists will be
Miss Nellye Giusti, Miss Hackmeister,
Miss Josephine Patterson, Robert Lloyd.
Memorial Services.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 24.— At the First
Presbyterian Church this morning the Joe
Hooker Post, G. A. R., attended in a body,
when the Rev. F. S. Brush delivered a
powerful sermon on "Heroism in War."
The installation of the officers of Com
pany E and the hospital corps of the
Boys' Brigade, attached to Christ Church,
tooK place this morninp. The event was
postponed from last Sunday, owing to the
illness of the rector, W. M. Lane.
Klectric Railway Mishaps.
ALAMEDA, Cal., .May 24.— Traffic on
the electric line to Oakland was blocked
for a part of the afternoon. Car 16 caught
fire and several pails of water were used
to extinguish the flames. On the opposite
track car 19 had a broken axle.
FIREPROOF BUILDINGS,
School Director Murdock In Favor
of Using Them for the
Public Schools.
Ventilation and Physical Culture Are
Important Needs of the Educa
tional Department.
C. A. Murdock, chairman of the Classi
fication Committee, said to a Call re
porter yesterday tbat he was in favor of
extending the physical culture course by
the employment of an additional teacher
if the condition of the funds during the
next fiscal year should warrant it.
He added that he regarded physical cul
ture as one of the most important branches
in the public school curriculum, and that
he was heartily in favor of extending it.
Ventilation was another important mat
ter and fireproof buildings another in his
estimation.
"There is now a proposition before the
board," he said, "to erect a twelve-room
schoolhouse on Bernal Heights. It is
likely that instead of altering or rebuild
ing the board will put up a fireproof struc
ture."
In reply to the question as to whether
there would be much difference in the
cost, Mr. Murdock said that a brick build
ing plainly built would be only a little
more expensive than one of wood. He
was of the opinion that wooden buildings
were behind the age and that the safety
of the children demanded fireproof struc
tures.
Telegraph poles in Switzerland are pre
served from rapid decay by being charged
with a creosote compound, pressed by
gravity into one end of tiie wood.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
HIGHER TARIFF
ON SOLICITORS,
Increase in License for
Protection of Self
interest.
LOSS OF LOCAL TRADE.
Berkeley's Butchers and Bakers
May Have to Pay Heavier
Taxes.
LECTURES TO DAIRYMEN.
Professors Woodworth and Jaffa to
Lecture at Eureka and Arcata
Next Month.
BERKELEY, Cal , May 24.— The ques
tion of solicitors' licenses and how they
may be adjusted so as to subserve the
best interests of both the solicitors them
selves and the town of Berkeley is now re
volving itself in the minds of the members
of the Town Board. As matters stand the
license of local solicitors being $10 a quar
ter, other vendors from Oakland and Ala
meda, in which places the licenses are $100
and $120 a quarter respectively, may come
to Berkeley, pay their license and dispose
of their goods ab a handsome profit.
At the same time the local resident so
licitor is running behind because of the
heavy competition.
One of the first matters to be taken up
by the new Merchants' Protective Associa
tion when it is organized will be the ques
tion of increasing the solicitors' licenses
with the hope of keeping within the lim
its of Berkeley a considerable portion of
the trade that now goes to Oakland.
S. H. Taylor, a member of the by-laws
committee of the association about to be
formed, has called the attention of the
members to the matter and suggested that
the Town Trustees be asked to raise the
tax to a sum similar to that charged in
Aiameda, which is practically prohibitory.
Mr. Taylor said: "A large number of
Oakland grocers and butchers do a thriv
ing business in Berkeley. In reality, such
business should all remain at home. Ala
meda's stores cet all the Aiameda trade
because that city has imposed a solicitor's
tax that makes it unprofitable for outside
firms to attempt to enter the home field."
Trustee Cripps of the Town Board does
not think that Berkeley merchants are be
ing materially injured by the Oakland
competition. "The present license tax tor
peddlers and solicitors, 1 ' said he, "is $10
per quarter, which is quite a heavy in
crease over the insignificant tax our own
storekeepers have to pay. The point
raised is worthy of consideration, but at
first thought I should consider that the
tax is high enough. If we find that fol
lowing Alameda's t>lan will do us any
good we had better take it up."
Will Address the Dairymen.
BEKKELEY, Cal., May 24.— Professor
Jaffa and Professor Woodworth of ths de
partment of agriculture of the State Uni
versity are preparing for a number of lec
tures to be given before the Association of
Dairymen at Eureka and Arcata about the
middle of June.
"We would like to send more men up to
the meetine," said Professor Hilgard yes
terday, "but our 'traveling expenses fund'
has nearly run out, and we cannot branch
out very "extensively until alter the next
annual budget of the Board of Kegents
has been made out.
"The plan of Recent Reinstein to have
fifty meetings held during the coming
year at various points throughout the
State with the view of bringing the popu
lation of the rural districts and the State
University into more close and more
friendly relationship is an excellent one.
He estimates that the cost of these meet
ings to the State will be about ?3. r >oo. The
money, if devoted to that purpose, will be
well spent I am sure, because of the fact
that the Agricultural Department and its
rural constituents are not in such close
touch as is conducive to the highest good
of both. It is proposed that at these
meetings, or at least at many of them, the
president will be present, and thus to add
to their importance. We have more invi
tations to attend and addre.-s farmers' in
stitutes than we can possibly accept be
cause of the shortage of funds.
"Several years ago we had an annual
appropriation of $1000 to be expended in
visiting the country districts; year before
last we had $500, and last year we were
allowed $300. You see what a difference
will be made if we can get $.5300 for this
same purpose. lam awaiting with anx
iety the report of the board as to their
budget for 1896-D7, which will be made out
at their meeting on Tuesday."
Sleeting of Suffragists.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 24.— A special
public meeting of the local Citizens' Suf
frage Society will be held at Stiles Hall
to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. Objec
tions to the enfranchisement of women
will be answered by Mrs. Carlisle, Mrs.
William Keith, Mrs. Bangs and others. A
paper prepared by Clara Benwick Colby
on the practical results of the franchise in
those States wnero it has been extended to
women will be read by the president of
the society, Mrs. George W. Haight. Let
ters from Governors, Senators and other
statesmen will be read testifying to the
beneficial results to be derived from the
enfranchisement of women.
Address by Colonel Greenleaf.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 24.— Colonel
Charles R. Greenleaf, deputy surgeon
general, U. 8. A., will address a citizens'
meeting under the auspices of the Good
Government Club at Stiles Hall next Tues
day evening, the 26th inst., on the ques
tion of sanitation in municipal affairs.
Health Officer Rowell will also be present
and add his views concerning the indi
vidual wants and necessities of the public
along the same lines as those of Colonel
Greenleaf. _______^__
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Coast Champion Riordan and P. Hutch
lnson Defeat Kx-Champion Ilnrlow
and Al Fennoyer.
The weather yesterday was all that could
have been desired for good handball, and
the spectators in the courts were treated
to several clever exhibitions of the game.
At the San Francisco court there were
two unusually attractive games. The first
was between P. T. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, and George Hutchinsou and J.
J. Feeney and R. Linehan, the crackajacks
of the Union court. The Unionists proved
too strong for the other two, and won the
final by three aces. The other game was
between J. Riordan, the coast champion,
and P. Hutchinson and J. Harlow, ex
champion, and Al Pennoyer. The feature
of the game was the tossing of Hutchin
son, which surprised everybody. He and
Riordan won in three straight games.
The principal attraction at the Union
court was a game between J. J. Feenev
and Terry McManus and R. Lenihan and
J. Kearney. Each side won a rub, and
the final will be played next Sunday.
Following were the games played yes
terday:
San Francisco couit— T. Ward and F. Ryan
played M. McNeil and L. Corraine ; each side
won a rub, ond the third and final game was
won by McNeil and Corraine. 51. Edwards
and J. Collins defeated R. Murphy and D.
Regan; 21—14,10—21,21—19. J. Shaw and T.
Ryan were defeated by M. Ei wards and J.
Collins; 21—15, 17— -1, 21— 20. J. Ltuvless
and J. Murphy defeated J. Shaw and L. Kenny ;
21—13. 15—21. 21—20. R. Shay and R.
Shields defeated T. Sullivan and C. Ward;
21—14, 17—21, 21—19. J. Brown and W.
Darius defeated C. Butterfield and G. Stans
bury; 21—15, 17—21. 21—19. P. T. Donnelly,
the "amateur champion, and G. Hutchinson
were defeated by J. J. Feeney and R. Linehan,
the cyclone team; 21—13, 12—21, 21—15,
14 -21, 18—21. J. Riordan, coast champion,
and P. Hutchinson defeated J. Harlow and A.
Pennoyer; 21—15, 21—17, 21—19.
Union court— T. Crane and P. J. O'Brien de
feated Willie McGuire and R. Burns, 21—17,
18—21, 21—16. J. Slatterey and J. Healy de
feated W. Stansbury and J. Collins, 21—17,
19—21, 21—16. J. Kennedy and William
Leonard defeated William McManus and Ed
Greany, 21—17, 18—21, 21—16. C. Vogel and
T. Conlon defeated R. Murphy and K. Lyons,
21—18,16—21,21—19. William Keough and
Professor Lynch defeated James O'Donnelland
R. Shields.' 2l-16. 17-21. 21-18. M. GU
hooley and V. Laud deleated J. Hallau and W.
McManus, 21-17, 19-21, 21-16.
J. J.Feenev and Terry McManus played R.
Lenihan and J. Kearuey and each side won a
rub.
GEORGE H. EGGERS BURIED.
The Pioneer Interred With Impressive
Rites.
The funeral services over the remains of
the late George H. Eggers, a prominent
and respected California pioneer, were
held yesterday afternoon at the Masonic
Temple.
A large number of friends of the de
ceased listened to the impressive Masonic
funeral rites performed by his brother
Masons. The choir of the Hermann Lodge,
r . and A. M., to which the deceased be
longed, consisting of the following quartet:
Benjamin Clark, first tenor; M. Wittich,
second tenor; J. O. Low, first bass, and J.
R. Jones, hecond bass, rendered the follow
ing selections: ''Peace to the Memory of
the Dead." Christian's Good-night," "Thy
Will Bo Done," "The Lord's Prayer."
Besides the widow the deceased left &
son. Herman C. Epgers, and three married
daughters, Mrs. Herman Mey»r, Mrs.
Theodore Hampe and Mrs. Hilmar Ste
phany.
Following were the pallbearers: Wil
liam Schlueter, W. Mocker, Emil Roehte,
B. A. Becker, Fulton G. Berry, John A.
Smith, Nick Van Bergen, B. P. Burnett.
The body was interred in Laurel Hill
Cemetery. "
ANY DAY FOR A SABBATH
No Warrant at This Time for
Keeping the Seventh Day
Holy.
Rev. James Small Somewhat Surprises
His Congregation by His
Admissions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 24. J
Some unusual admissions regarding the
sacred law that is generally supposed to
govern the observance of the Sabbath
were made this morning by Rev. James
Small of the First Christian Church. His
address on "Christianity's Day of Rest"
was listened to by a large audience.
The preacher said in part: "The old
seventh-day Sabbath was Jewish and had
been abolished for Jew and Gentilo. It
was meant only for the Jews, and every
thing Jewish has been done away with.
Truth and absolute right can never
be abolished, and all that there
was in the law of Moses of this na
ture we have in the gospel. We are under
no obligation to do anything because it
was in the law of Mos*s. And yet what
ever t here was in the law right in itself,
morally right, right even long before the
law of Moses was given, and not made
right by being put there, is, of course,
obligatory upon Christians, but not be
cause it was contained in the law of
Moses. Christ is on his throne, and we
should hear him and not Moses. T.'iis is
saying only what Paul said, Hebrews l:i,
'In the last days God has spoken unto us
by his Son.'
"Taking the whole history of the church
into view in all parts of the world, under
every variety of political rule and every
ecclesiastical arrangement, it may be
safely said that any law tnat could have
been framed, must have been oftener
broken than kept. It was the highest
wisdom, therefore, upon the part of God
to leave it just as it was left, with the types
and the facts pointing to the day with
divine significance, with every prompting
of a redeemed soul, hallowing the day as
divinely precious with apostolic teaching
and example guiding Christians to keep it
with sacred rejoicing, and yet so un
trammeleu by statute or enactment tbat if
circumstances forbid the observance of it,
there ia no dishonor paid to diviue author
ity by the failure to keep it. Yet,
if any man in full view of these
considerations, pleads the absence of
positive law, and not only outrages the
public sentiment of Christian communi
ties, but the best promptings of gratitude
in his own heart, and the best yearning of
his nature for spiritual culture by devoting
this day to secular toils, he is simply un
worthy to be the Lord's free man. He
must learn not to use his liberty to his
own injury or to ttie injury of others. We
have no command to keen the Fourth day
of July and make it a -day wherein the
citizens of t >c States can shout for old
glory and yet their gratitude and patriot
ism is seen more in the fact in the absence
of statute or enactment; so our loyalty to
our Lord and master is seen in keeping it
by the early example. Authorized exam
ple is equal to precept or command in
Christianity. This is the day the Lord has
made. Let us be glad and rejoice in It.
"To be fair, however, there is no com
mand to keep the first day of the week.
There is no positive enactment upon the
subject. But this only shows the wisdom
of God. And it shows, too, the elastic
and universal element that is in Chris
tianity that forever adapts it to the great
onward march of humanity. And the
man who denies this elasticity holds in
l»is hand the dagger that to-day is piercing
Christianity. The Christian must never
admit that the world can outgrow the
gospel.
"For, had the first day of the week been
established by positive enactment as a day
of rest and worship and the manner of its
observance been decreed among the
myriads of the poor, the bond and bread
winners and busy men generally who
have accepted the Christ in this age of
activity, the law must have been broken
continually."
Young Opens Hll Mission.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 23. — Steward
Young of Fruitvale messianic fame opened
his public meetings to-day at Thona's
Hall. There was a very small attendance,
not over twenty people being in the hall.
Mrs. Lasher was not there. Young spent
a greater portion of his time paying his re
spects to those who exposed him. He de
clared he has ample grounds for libel cases
that would make him a rich man, but the
satisfaction of knowing that the Lord led
him was sufficient.
Chaplain Edniondgon Preaches.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 24.— Chaplain
W. E. Edmondson of the United States
flagship Philadelphia preached at the As
bury M. E. Church South to-nieht. The
local companies of militia turned out and
attended church in full uniform to hear
the chaplain. He preached %very inter
esting discourse on the practical possibili
ties of blending patriotism and religion.
Died Without a Doctor.
OAKLAND, Cau, May 24.— Mrs. Victor
Sophia Darche v.as found dead in her bed
last night in Berkeley. The deceased was
67 years old and had been ill but four
days. Her friends recommended that she
see a doctor, but she persistently refused,
and so the Coroner will hold an autopsy
and inquest.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Decrease in Amount of Build
ing Contracts Filed
in May.
WOOLEN-MILLS AT AUCTION.
The Market Generally Is Quiet—Re
view of the Records for
the Week.
The principal transaction last week was the
auction sale of the San Francisco Gaslight
Company's property. It Is reported that a
majority of the purchasers of these lots Intend
to Improve the same, but their plans in this
direction have not in any instance assumed a
sufficiently definite shape to make It possible
to more than generalize as to the character
and extent of such improvements.
The prices obtained for the property were not
high, yet, as In the case of nearly all sales
made now, theprices were thought to be "good,
considering the present condition of the mar
ket." Properly mterDreted, this expression
means that the present market is a low one,
one where rock-bottom prices prevail and one
upon which property sells strictly upon its
merits and Its present earning capacity. A
market like this is one where it is safe to make
investments; but it seems that this fact is not
appreciated to any great extent, judging from
the volume of business being transacted.
Bunding operations are considerably lighter
thus lar this month than last, taking as a
criterion the number and amount of recorded
contracts. By tome this falling off is attributed
to a fear on the part of those who contemplated
building of possible strikes in the building
trades. Activity in building has a correspond
ing effect as a rule on the real estate market,
and it is possible that the present quiet that
prevails this month In the real estate market
has been brought about to some extent by the
falling off in building operations.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were seventy-one mortgages recorded
last week, aggregating $235,320. The larger
ones were:
Tiy Bartlett Doe for one year at 7 percent,
$10,000 on property on the south side of Califor
nia street, 77:6 feet west of Mason, west 20 by
south 60; by the German Savings and Loan So
ciety for one year, at 6Va P er cent. sl2, ooo ou prop
erty on the northeast corner of Twenty-first and
Valencia streets, north 55 by east 89:4: by tne
Illbernia Savines and Loan society, for one year,
at O l ,^ percent, $35,000 on property on the east
line of sansome street, 97:6 feet south of Pine,
soiKh 40, east 103 :1 Va. uorth 41:6, west 34:lV'2i
south 1:6, east 68:9; Dy Louisa M. Babcock, to
December 31, 1896, at 6 per cent, £13,250 on
property on the west line of Grant avenue, 40 feet
north of Sutler street, north 42 by west 30; and
by the Hibernin Savings and Loan Society, for one
year, at 61;. per cent. $16,000 on property at the
southeast corner of Pa.cc arid Buchanan streets,
east 100 by south 137:6.
The number of releases granted last week
was fifty, aggregating $206,981. • The larger
ones were:
By the German Saving! and Loan Society to
John B. F. Davis. $10,000 on property on the west
line of Taylor street, 68:9 feet south of Bush,
south 30 by wes* 137:6: by D. O. Mills to P. B.
Cornwall, 824,000 on property on the southeast
corner of Page and B:n.-hanan streets, east, 100 by
south 137:8: by the Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society to Pierre Dupuy, 568,000 on property at
the southeast corner of Mission and seventh
streets, southeast 80 by northeast 80; by the same
to \V. U. Hyde, ?14,000 on property at the north
east corner of Sixteenth street and First (Julian)
avenue, east 85 by north 94. and on property on
the east line of Mission street, 209 feet north oi
Fifteenth, north 90 by east ltiO.
There were ninety-nine transfers recorded
last week.
There were twelve buildtng contracts, aggre
gating $53,457, recorded last week, the par
ticulars of which were published each day in
The Call.
EVENING AUCTION SALES.
To-night the first evening auction sale of
real estate that has taken place in this City for
along time will be conducted by O'Farrell <£
Co. at their salesroom, 11 Montgomery stre6t.
The property to be offered is 100 building lots
in the Excelsior Homestead. They are all 25x
100 each and are nice and level and ready to
be built upon. They are located ciose to the
Mission-street electric-cars and are but twenty
eight minutes' ride from the City Hall. They
are to be sold on very easy terras, viz. : $10
cash and the balance in monthly payments of
$10. The sale will begin at half-past 7.
THE FIONEEB WOOLEN-MILLS AT ArCTION.
The peremptory sale by Shainwald, Buckbee
& Co. of the Pioneer Woolen-mills will take
place Wednesday noon, May 27. As the prop
erty is to be sold absolutely without limit to
the highest bidder, the Bale will no doubt
attract a large crowd. The property is cer
tainly very valuable and can be put to various
uses that will pay a good return on the invest
ment.
OTHER AUCTION SALES.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold an auction sale
of miscellaneous properties June Bth. The
catalogue comprises the following:
Nos. 9a2-922^-924 Natoma St.. bet. 10th and
11th— Three 'J-siory frame houses; lot 50x75. Va
cant lot 25x1 25. east side of Dolores street; 160
feet north of 1 weuty-Ufth siret t. No. 69 Noe
street, between Fourteenth and Ridley— 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath : size 30x162. Two
level lots, south line Klghteeuth street, 125 feet
west of Clover alley, one block west of Douglass
s;r •>'. ; -_'5x121 feet each. No. 265 Clinton Perk,
near Market and Dolores streets — Cottage
of five rooms and bath; lot 25x75 feet.
Xos. 315-317 Golden Hate avenue, between
Jlydf and Larkln Mreets, two houses of 9
rooms, etc., each: lot 34 :4i 2 x 137:6. Two-story
an<i t>i>s"inent house of 9 rooms, northwest corner
of l'ulion and Webster streets: lot 27:6xH0 feet.
Nos. 467-459 Stevenson street, between Fifth and
Sixth, double bouse of 6 rooms each: lot 26:6x70
feet. South line of Oak street, 278 :6V2 feet west
of Devisadero: 25x137:6 feet. Lot on west line of
Bright street, 150 feet south of Randolph: 25x100
feet. Nos. 410-410 Vi Page street and Lily ave
nue—two flats of 7 and 6 rooms : lot 54:2x120.
Cottage No. 415 Lily avenue: 20x60 feet: lot
southeast corner of Turk and Lyon streets, 50x
137:6 feet, and the French Huspital property,
wnlch Is to be sold by order of Board of Directors,
located on Bryant street, between Fifth and Sixth
streets. It will be sold as an entirety. Improve
ments consist of a 3-story brick building and jev
eral smaller buildings: lot 275 x 275 feet.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will hold their next
sale of miscellaneous properties June 12, the
catalogue for which is now in course of prepa
ration.
O'Farrell & Co. will hold an auction sale of
miscellaneous properties June 4.
O. F. Yon Rhein >k Co. will hold a sale of mis
cellaneous properties about the middle of
June.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
O. H. Umbsen & Co. have just placed on the
market for Mayor Sutro block 721, located just
soutn of Golden Gate Park, bounded by J and
X streets and facing Ocean boulevard. It will
be offered in subdivisions and on easy terms.
H. E. Poehlman reports the sale last week of
two lots on Douglass street, near Seventeenth,
37 by 125 each, for $2100; also a lon on the
south side of Clement street, west of Fifteenth
avenue, for $800.
Some-of the contracts have beeu let and work
has already commenced on the foundation for
the handsome family hotel to be erected on the
lot at tte northwest corner of Sutter and Hyde
streets by Dr. Julius Rosenstlrn. It will cover
the entire lot, will be five stories high, and will
cost $125,000.
The work of tearing down the old Bijou
Theater on Market street was commenced last
week. It will be replaced by a three-story
brick and terra cotta front building to be
erected by Claus Spreckels.
Shainwald, Buckbee <fe Co. report the sale of
nine lots in Richmond, on Tenth and Eleventh
avenues and California street, at prices rang
ing from $850 to $1)00 each ; also three cot
tages on Bush street, near iiroderick, for a tc
taf of $10,000.
Recent sales made by A. M. Speck & Co. are
as follows: Two flats at 1231 Union street, east
of Larkin, for $4500, S. Buehel being the pur
chaser; two dwellings at 108 Langton street,
near Folsom, lor $2700; cottages and a lot
25x100 on Alabama street, near Twenty-fourth,
for $1SOO; a lot 25x100 at 1103 Stevenson
street, with brick building and cottage in the
rear, $4500, and a lot 25x100, with two frame
buildings, at 1105 Stevenson street, for $3000.
Will E. Fisher & Co. are about to place upon
themarket for Samuel W. Holladay the hand
some properly located at the summit oi Clay
street hill. This property has been in litigation
for about thirty-bye Years, and it was only a few
months ago that Mr. Holladay succeeded in
establishing his title to the premises. It com
prises six 50-vara lots situated on both sides of
Clay-street extension from Gough to Octavia.
The view from this point is magnificent.
Last Saturday Easton, Eldridge & Co. sold at
auction for William J. Dinjree the following
Aiameda real estate:
Six lots on Everett street and seven on
Lincoln avenue at prices ranging from $500
to $820, the latter being for a corner; one lot,
54;dx154:33, on Everett street, near Lincoln
avenue, with residence thereon, for $2400;
two lots, 25x92 each, on Paru street, one for
$880 and one tor $470; a house and 10t 47x
147:10, on Park street, near San Jose avenue,
brought $2800; three cottages, with lots each
33 :4x100, located on Eagle avenue, between
Union and Schiller streets, sold lot $4000; nvu
Auction $alc§
GRAND AUCTION SALE
IN THE BANCROFT BUILDING,
721 narket Street.
Between Third and Fourth.
THIS DAY,
Monday May 85, 1896,
At 2 o'clock and 7 :30 p. m.
WE WILL SELL
A MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OP
ROYAL DANISH TERRACOTTA.
Splendid pieces of Cloissoner, rare pieces of An-
tique Satsuma, Ivory Qools Carved Sandalwood,
Brlc-a-Brac of »H kinds, Gents' Furnishing Goods,
Ladles' Garments and Notions, 3 New Upright
Pianos, 3 Baby Grand Pianos, etc, without reserve.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art,
419 KEARNY ST.
THIS DAY.
Monday May 25, 1896,
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cases of new Roods ex S. 8. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of Japanese and Oriental goods, including Rugs of
every size, Antique Bronzes, Kagu Satsuma.Awata,
Cloisonne, Blshue, Kochl, etc.. etc.
Two elegant presents given to the ladies daily
attending the sale at 2 p. v. Chairs for the ladies.
F. T. KEELAR. Auctioneer.
PAYILIOS AUCTION DOUSE,
319-321 Sutter St., above Grant Aye.
AT SALES ROOM TO-DAY,
MONDAY, at 10:30 a. m., X will sell for storage
and advances two Cprlgtit Standard Pianos: large
line of Parlor Upho'stery and Tables, Plate Mir-
rors, Pictures, Oak, Walnut, Birch and Mahogany
Chamber Suites; Des*s, Bookcases, Library Tables
and Chairs; Sideboards: Extenslon-tablea and
Chairs; Stoves; Agateware; Carpets, etc.
TRUSTED SALE.
THIS DAY, MOMJAV, MAY 25, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. Jt.,
AT CHAB. LEVY A CO.'S AUCTION WARE-
BOOMS, 1133 MAKKET ST., BET. SEV-
ENTH AND EIGHTH,
New Kugs of all sizes; Clocks; Lounges; Parlor
Lamps; Curtains: Blankets; Easels; Pictures;
Mirrors, and numerous other articles. These
goods are all new. CHARLES LEW & CO.,
L. JACOBI, Trustee. Auctioneers.
TO-DAY, AT 11 A. M.,
Elegant Oak Household Furniture,
203 Goußh Street, Near Oak.
FRANK W. BL'TTEK FIELD, Auctioneer,
19 MontKQinf-ry Bt.
lots, 50x150 each, on Blanding avenue, near
Everett street, sold for a total of $1300.
Sol Getz <fc Bro. report the following recent
sales of lots near Golden Gate Park:
Lot 25x120, east line of Thirty-sixth avenue,
175 feet south of J street, for »200; lot 25x100,
south line of J street, SO feet east of Thirty-sixth
avenue, forf'22s: lot 25x120, east line of Thirty
secoud avenue, 100 ieet north of J street, for f 300;
lot 50x120, west line of Kortv-seventh avenue,
225 feet south of I s-rcet, for $500: lot 50x120,
west line Forty -seventh avenue, 225 feet north, of
J Btreet, for?5OU; lot 25x120. east line of Twen
tieth avenue, SOO feet south of Point Lobos ave
nue, for $450; lot 25x120, west line of Nlneteeth
aveuue, 224 feet north of California street, for
$550: lot 32:6x100, southeast corner X street and
Tenth avenue, for 81000; lot 25x120, east line of
Tenth avenue, 125 feet south of H street, for $350:
lot 50x100, north Hue of 0 street, 57:6 feet west of
Forty-second evenne, for $150.
BOOM AT THE PRESIDIO,
Large Forces of Workmen Will
Soon Have Employment
There.
Official Orders for Battery Changes
of Station — Colonel Guenther's
Promotion.
In conformity with instructions from
the headquarters of the army General For
ay tn, commanding the Department of
California, has directed tnat the following
changes be made:
Battery H, Fifth Artillery, Captain El
bridge E.. Hills will be relieved from duty
at the Presidio and will proceed to Fort
Canby, Washington, for station, at such
time, not later than July 15, as transpor
tation shall be provided by the quarter
master' 3 department.
Batteries B and M, now at Fort Canby,
will upon arrival in this department take
station respectively at Alcatraz Island
and the Presidio.
Battery I, Fifth Artillery, Captain
George W. Crabb will be relieved from
duty at Fort Masou and take station at
the Presidio upon the departure of Bat
tery H for Fort Canby.
Battery E, Fifth Artillery, Captain An
thony W. Vogdes, will be rel ieved from
duty at Alcatraz Island and take sta
tion at Fort Mason upon the departure of
Battery I from the Presidio. This change
will give Captain Vogdes the honor and
pleasant duty of commandin»c the post at
Fort Mason, commonly known as Black
Point.
Battery X, Fifth Artillery, Captain
Henry J. Reilly, will be relieved from duty
at the Presidio on June 1 and take station
at Alcatraz.
Battery C, Fifth Artillery, Lieutenant
Oliver E. Wood commanding, will be re
lieved from duty at Alcatraz on June 1
and take station at th? Presidio.
Lieutenant-Colonel Francis J. Guenther,
Fifth Artillery, commanding post at Alca
traz Island and artillery inspector of the
Department of California, has been
promoted to the rank of colonel to take el-
Feet June 5, upon which date Colonel H.
W. Closson of Washington barracks goes
on the retired list. Colonel Guenther has
been granted a four months' leave of ab
sence. At the expiration of that time he
will take command at Washington bar
racks.
Colonel David Gordon of the Sixth Cav
alry, who will be retired in a few days,
will make his home on Georgetown
Heights, Washington, D. C. He is well
known on the Pacific Coast.
Captain Benjamin K. Roberts, Battery
A, Fifth Artillery, ison duty again at the
Presidio. During bis leave of absence he
visited Bohemia and studied problems of
life.
The promise of further extensive im
provements at the Presidio is about to be
f uliilled. The contract for a vast quantity
of grading to fill the marsh has been
awarded to John W. Murphy of Modesto.
He was found to be the lowest responsible
bidder when the proposals were opened a
few days ago. Since then Colonel A. S.
Kimball, chief quartermaster of the de
partment, has been advised by wire from
Washington to award tne contract to Mr.
Murphy, hence work on a large scale will
soon begin.
The quartermaster-general has also wired
acceptance of Silas Carle's bid for con
structing the new stables at the Presidio.
Mr. Carle is a Sacramento contractor, and
is preparing to carry out his new contract
without delay.
The foregoing work is to be paid for from
funds of the fiscal year which ends June
30. The allotment of the new appropria
tion for the next fiscal year will be made
early In July, and with the additional
money available other important improve
ments at the Presidio will be authorized.
Nelson's Body Found.
The body of Charles Kelson, a seaman be
longing to the steamer San Benito, who was
drowned oa the \iiib. inst. Dy falling into tie.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Sutter St., Above Grant Arc.
THIS DAY,
Monday May 25, 1896
At 1 r. m.. on the premises,
420 DETISADERO ST., COB. FEI/L,
1 WILI. SELL
A DELICATESSEN STORE,
....CONSISTING OF
1 Elegant Ice Chest, cost $100; 4 Ice-Cream
Freezers; 1000 pounds Ham: 100 boxes Sardines :
Eggs; Butter; 16 Swiss Cheese; Snyder's Catsup;
In. ported Sauces: Royal Baking Powder; Show-
cases: Fixtures, and 1 Horse, Harness ond Deliv-
ery Wagon, eta, etc.
Terms— Cash. 8. B ASCII, Auctioneer.
Note.- The above goods are the finest ever of-
fered at auction.
JOSEPH T. TERRY,
General Auctioneer, Furniture Buyer
and Insurance Agent,
Office— 3o Montgomery Street.
Grand Auction Sale of High-Grade
Bicycles. Tills Day, Monday. May
25, 1896, at warerooms, 844 Market
St., opp. Fourth, at 2 P. M. ,
I nil) sell, without limit or reserve, a large con-
signment of up-to-date blcylus. The attention of
the general public Is called to the above.
J. T. TERRY, Auctioneer.
GEO. F. LAMSON AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4 lO Kearny Street.
TO-MORROW,
Tuesday May 36, 1896
At 11 o'clock a. jr., on the premises,
1712 BUCHANAN ST., NEAR SUTTER,
1 WII.T. SELL
The Magnlncent Piano, Fnrniture, Splen-
did Carpets and Costly Bric-a-Brao
of Residence,
COMrBISINS ...
1 Magnificent Grand Upright IMano of matchless
tone in use but a few weeks, a royal instrument;
Klegant Parlor Cabinets; Tables and Parlor Stand-
ards; Fine Lace Curtains; Costly Draperies and
Portieres; Magnificent Ornaments; Paintings and
Bric-a-Brac; Elegant Odd Pieces Parlor Uphol-
stery; Costly Tidies; Royal Wilton, Moquet, Body
Velvet and Rich Body Brussels Carpets through-
out the house; Splendid Persian Rugs: French
Mantle Clocks; Elegant Oak, Ash and Walnut
Chamber Suits: 1 Extra Size Minor-Front Armoir
a <.lace; 1 Elegant Polished Onk Mirror-Front
Folding Bed; 1 Klegant Child's Willow Crib:
Finest Feather Pillows; Extra White Hair Mat-
tresses; Best Bedding: 1 Walnut Sideboard: 1 12-
-foot Extension Table: Extra Outfit Hiiver-Plated,
Cut Glass and Decorated Chinaware: 1 Medal
Range: Patent Kitchen Table; Linoleum: Fine
Agateware, etc.
Tebms— CASH.
QEO. F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
ROYAL JUCTION.
WEDNESDAY.
Wednesday May 37, 1896,
1148 Turk Street, Corner Buchanan.
Most Magnificent Parlor, Chamber and Dining-
room Furniture, Works of Art, etc.
This is the most elegant residence sold at auc-
tion this year-
FRANK \V. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery street.
bay when trying to board his vessel while in
an intoxicated condition, was found floating
at the Union Iron Works yesterday morning
and taken to the Morgue.
DR. BROWN AGAIN.
The Depoied Minister Preaches in Odd
Fellows' Hall.
Dr. C. O. Brown preached yesterday
morning and evening to a congregation in
Odd Fellows' Hall. The services were
notable from the fact that they were the
first which the reverend doctor held before
his new charge since his ejectment from
the First Congregational pulpit.
Dr. Brown stated that the Sabbath
school, prayer meeting, Christian En
deavor and Ladies' Aid Society of the
"organization" would meet in Golden Gata
Hall, 625 Sutter street, but he did not men
tion the future meeting-place of the new
church. Until a more suitable place ii
found services will probably be neld in
Golden Gate Hal).
After the singing of the hymn "My Faith
Looks Up to Thee" Dr. Brown preached
from the following words of Jesus in
answer to Pilate when that Roman asked
the .Savior if he was a King:
"Thou sayest that lam a King. To this
end was I born, and for this cause came I
into the world, that I should bear witness
of the truth."
In the evening Dr. Brown held memo
rial services, and preached from the sub
ject of the "Heroic Dead."
• — ♦ »
Fourth of July Committee.
rhe first meeting of the Fourtn of July exec-
utive committee for organization will be held
in Assembly room, Mills building, this even
ing. The committee is as follows: Charles
J. King (chairman;, W. H Davis, I. J. Truman.
A. S. Hallidie, Arthur G. Towne, Samuel Fos
ter, Colonel A. D. Cutler, W. G. Doane, David
Rich, Samuel C. Hammond, A. J. Raisch, Cap
tain D. Macdon aid, John Gillson, Dr. George
L Fitch, Captain J. A. Margo, P. A. Bergerot,
Joseph P. Kelly, George W. Elder, Captain F.
J. Kearney, Major J. A. Whitealde, Edward
Holland, Edward L. Forster, 11. C. Bchaertzer,
W. W. Snannan, C. L. P. Marais.
> ♦ • .
The Czarina does not approve of smoking
for women. Her Majesty is credited with
the observation that a cigarette in a
woman's mouth is as bad as an oath in a
man's.
pfipil
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
V ou can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
jjf~~ k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■9tßW (Ji |^?, EAEJ ' VST - Established
IV |B' n . 185 '» for the treatment of Private
Au»r*rrvlsM Diseases. Manhood. Debility or
Warn 3 wearing on bod varni mindand
Vi ■ **>" Diseases The doctorcures when
l ClHH!f. "' rs!al> ' Try him. Charges low.
Dr. j. t\ tmUBOjT. Box nl «** d - Callorwrita.
Dr. J. F. uißfiWH, Bo x 11K57. iaa Francisco,
" PILLS,
■'-•.■■ - ■ i ■ M ,-'':
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Seoure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of the food, cau*»
a healthy action of the Liver and render the Bowel*
, natural in their operas on without griping
910
CRICKET IN THE HOT SUN,
The Californias Were Defeated
by the Bohemians Yes
terday.
Heavy S'ogging Was the Feature of
the Mateh — A Practice Day at
the Aiameda Ground.
Tbe single-cup encket match played
yesterday at Golden Gate between the Bo
hemians and Californias resulted in a vic
tory for the former team by 51 runs.
It was an ideal day for the game and the
pretty ground was liberally sprinkled with
spectators.
Captain Robertson of the Bohemians
won the toss and went in. He and Bow
hill made the ilrst stand, scoring 32 and 2
runs respectively.
West, Grannan and Cookson each did
effective work for the side, which was
finally disposed of for 124 runs. Outside
of some hard bitting the feature of the
inning was the fielding of Brooks, who?e'
catches of Bowhill and Reeves—particu
larly the former — were superb.
The Californias led off badly. Brooks,
an ex-Pacinc man, put up a very credita
ble 27. but only Guild and Townsley were
able lo follow him into double figures. The
bowline of Robertson and Pollock was all
too deadly, and the team fell lor 73 runs,
leaving their opuonents virtual victors by
half a century.
There was just time enough left for the
Bohemians to enjoy a second inning. It
resulted in a total of 175, most of which
was composed of boundary hits. The chief
contributors to the score were: Robertson,
who carried his bat for 54, Smith 39, liow
hill 32 and Martin 27 runs.
Following is the full score:
BOHKMIASS- FIRST DITO
I>r. Bowhill. c. Brooks, b. Guild 2
W. Robertson, c. Gellatly, b.uuild 32
S. B. Martin c. Came, b. Guild 7
\V. R. Went. c. Van Orden, b. Guild 26
K. A. L. smith, b. Thomas 0
V. E. Holder, c. Van Orden, b. Guild 0
\Y. Reeves, c. Brooks, b. Guild 9
K. Grannan. b. (iuila 18
G. Pollock, c. Banner, o. Gellatly 7
H. C. Cook-son, b. Guild 10
A. \V. Lugg, not out 1
Extras 12
Total. 124
BOWXIVS ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Guild 84 o6 1 8
Banner. 86 21 0 0
Thomas 36 31 1 1
Gellatley 6 0 0 1
(AI.IFORKTAB— FIBST INNING.
P. S. Gella'.ly, b. Robertson 7
R. B. Jones, c. West, b. Robertson 0
J. B. Brooks, b. Pollock 27
O. 1. Thomps, o. Robertson 5
J. Guild, c. ..iartin, b. W-st 11
C. Tnwnsley, c. and b. Robertson 11
G. Van Oraen, b. Pollock 1
L. sehroeder. b. Pollock 6
A. Caiue, b. Robert ion 0
C Banner, not out 2
Extras 3
Total 73
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
Hobertson — f-6 SI 2 5
Coo»son 30 21 1 0
Pollock 30 19 1 8
Bowhill 7 0 0 0
West 12 13 0 1
The Aiameda ground was given up to
practice.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PA LAI HOTEL.
P Wadsworth, Stanford L Spitzel. shanghai
A Macondray, Stanford Mrs Dunbar, Ceylon
J Nathan, N V Mrs Marcel. Havre
A F Montanya. N V F Harris, Shanghai
S A Polsh, N V 11 Newman, N V
J smith & w. N V J \V Dunn, Brooklyn
L Rutherford, Brooklyn Mrs Handren, Brooklyn
DrC Glasgow, N V Miss Handren, Brooklyn
J J Crawford. NY J W Minium, Minturn
W F J .-wett & f, N V M .1 Todd, Buffalo
W J'iirgou. Seattle R D Hr.worth, Pa
J F Yatea * w, NY R M Dewbrs:, Pa
Miss Austin. NY DC Lee, Denver
J Lowen^art, Portland X Lander. Germany
L R Freeman, Pasadena R X Sheiton, Ariz
E Hill & w, Pasadena L B Wells, Mich
Mrs Bascom, Mich Miss Wells, Mich
F C Link, ' hico J Ferguson, Australia
Miss Ferjzuson, Australia J H Ferguson, Australia
B Windisch, Pa
GRAND HOTEL.
A Johnson, Los Angeles E B Carroll, Cal
ROGillis&w.MtPleasant WS Hathaway, Cal
T T Esry, Huiford J F Maguir , Pleasanton
J T Kice, Carson T Casey, Pinole
WHlnvyerdtw, Mn Jose W E Dargie, Oakland
C W Ferguson, Seattle H W Koberis, Cal
C Grattan, Stockton H stein, Stockton
A T Hudson. Stockton Miss M Neary.^aniaCruz
W a Grand. Chicago C Hunsaker, Talmas
A W S'.uart, CO'irtlaud SDBallow.SanLulsObtspo
U H Hammett Cal J D Williams, Oakland
SRummclsber;,l;fdding L J Maddox. Modesto
F H Sisson, Jonv-stown ■»» T Blake Aw, Stockton
C X Higbee, (al C G Lamberson. Visalia
WJ Doiierty.Bakersfield S F Felken.Qdodesto
R M Strauss, Ariz Miss G Nolan, SanlaCruz
W Bruce, Chicago W G Jay, Los Angeles
W E Herbort, Los Ang
LICK HOUSE.
W H Devlin, Sacramento H M Barstow, Napa
C M Fitzgerald. Cal J B Mathison, Berkeley
Wi; 1 honiison, Napa C D Vincent, Oakland
F P Nye, Arcara J W Henderson, Cal
W J Dwyex, Spokane T M Barry, Vancouver
Herman Bacn, Oregon Charles King. Hanford
H H Bell, Palo Alto C G Yates. Los Angeles
J F. Peck. Merced F G M cClelland, Cal
W H Haiton, Modesto C R Tillson, Modesto
.1 A Will & w, lowa H C Beck man <fe w, Lodi
J F Kin*, Merced W H Skerrett, Vallejo
C M cojjlan, Sacramento George Carlisle, Modesto
J T Biake <S w, Chicago John A Morris, Milton
G E Spaulding, Modesto W R Clark, Eureka, Cal
Edward Wallnee, Cal Jacob Harter & w, N V
Mrs P 1011, Chicago Miss Jennie Toll.Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W O Davis, Ala B M Birdsay, Oakland
1U Lt-ntholtz Oakland H W Gattenberg, oaklnd
J A Chisliolm, NY M F Cochrane, San Kafal
A L Wolfe, Oakland J C Sims, Santa Rosa
('apt Weir, Santa Rosa A H Speers, N V
F M Bain. Philadelphia OH Close, Stockton
F C Lord. Va City Ben Jacobs, N V
H X Freeman, Chicago F J Crum, Chicago
<i A Ballard, N V H Welding, Oakland
R D Morgan, N V Mrs C J Quinlan. B C
R BeDjaruiu, Vullejo R J R Aden. Vallejo
L A White. Corvallls s Hartman. Chehalis
1< CurtU. N V F M Black, Decatur
R B Harris & w, Chicago Mrs B Harris, Chicago
M W Willis, Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M Foster, Watsonviile E swift, San Jose
C Ireland, N V W Fox, Benicia
C B Bush, Mare Island C Smith. Mare Island
JSt Cla:r. Mure Island H O Green, Milwaukee
W B Shaw, Boston S Brlnker, Boston
J Milne, Boston V E Vanls, Boston
L B Potter, U 8 M T J Quigley, Seattle
Mrs Brown, Tncoma J R Hagert, Modesto
Miss C S Legwell. Idahe W S Martin, Nev
T Medford. San Jose R 0 Sadler. Sac
M Hennessey, Chicago J Redman, Baltimore
J Funger, Baltimore J H Shepard, Sta Barbra
E Taylor, Seattle J Scott, Los Angeles
H McManus, Ls Angeles M Cummings, Ls Angles
J Andrews, Arizona T Lane, Arizona
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
A Huber. 11l M I McGiynn, Stockton
D F Griffin, Merced Miss R Graham, Ind
G S DiCKenson, Erie Pa V J Egan, Sarua Cruz
J Gallagher, Fresno E Shaw, sonora
T Richards. Sonora N Johnson, Los Anceles
Rev I F Findley, Ind H L Tuhbs. Chi( apo
8 Johnson, Chicago E A Aggler, Ferndale
A A Cannepa, Eureka I M Early, Cal
J Lancshore, Sacto A W J uda, Palo Alto
L E Mahan, Eureka Miis R L Price, sonora
Miss X Price, Sonora O M Mecklin <fe w, \ V
Afrs Linskey, Oakland F Martin. Black Dlmond
A J Lawtfcer, Angel I C E Rboads <fc W, Or
I E Carpenter, Stockton C S Splller <fe fin Fsrndl
H Richards, N Y|
The railway servants on England's rail
ways get no less than £300,000 in '-tips"
from the public yearly.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cau-.
710 Market street, open nntli 12 o'clock ever)
night in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 630 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opw
ontil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
. . NOTICE Of MEETINGS.
f__3_p KING SOLOMON'S LODGE No. _•''■''"''
3 ; -5' 260. F. and A. M., corner Geary and _«*
Stelner sts Called meeting THIS (MON-W 2f
DAY) F.VI NING at 7:30 o'clock: third de-/^/^
tree. By order of the master. -■
6 y HARRY BAKHR, Secretary.
f_*--S=> OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22, m
ttZs? F. and A. M.— Called meeting for^_f\
THIS (.MONDAY) EVENING, May 25,' l sr_2r
at 7 o-cloclt Third degree. By order otrU\
W. M . EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
ef-3=» SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER •
I^Ko, 1, Royal Arch Masons, meets _J\_
THIS V E MNa^r P. i M d E 3 ree. eta _
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
n_3Spr~l_EßM ANN LODGENO.I4S,
fr^ I. O. O. F. — The officers and
members of the 111 in ral committee of r!ozflß^E
this ledge are hereby notified toassem- -^//iiw-
hie at their lodgeroom, 1749 Mission street, on
TUESDAY, May 26, at 9 A. M., to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother, H. Kozmmsky.
By of order ef W. D. REU I KR, N.G. pro tern,
Ohables WiESEL, Secretary.
W^S= THE ODD FELLOWS OF -^ir'TV/-
-isr-^^ San Francisco will Rive a KOclnl^O*^'^;
and a liter and musical entertain- rzz*jS*^r
nienta*. Odd Fellows' Hall, FRIDAY -w/k**^
EVEN ING, May. 29, 1896, at which some of the
successes of Paaerewski will be rendered by the
eminent piano virtuoso, Mr. Hugo MansfeidU
ANDREW W. TURPIN, Secretary.
sl_^S-* A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE LA-
fSZS' borers' Protective Association will be held
in Irish-American Hall on MONDAY EVENING,
May 25. All members in good sanding are re-
quested to attend to transact business of Impor-
tance. By order of EDWARD ROGERS, Pres.
Wm. O'lX'Nnell, Recording Secretary.
»^2E=» THIRTIETH GRAND AN- - «v
-b^-S" nual gathering and eames of the JV, 3%iTi}
Caledonian Club. Shell Mound Park, "♦X3__jf
Berkeley, SATURDAY. May 30. A *fc_5MT
most Interesting programme, including all ancient
Scottish feats of strength and skill and other ex-
citing new events. A handsome banner will be
presented to the winning team In the relay race
between the high school boys of San Francisco
and Oakland. Noted athletes from all parts of
America, as well as lads and lassies, will take part.
Com to the amount of $3000 and other valuable
prizes will be distributed to the successful com-
petitors on th« grounds. Music and dancing In
two large pavilions. A Caledonian welcome to all.
Be sure and buy your tickets for Shell Mound
Park. Admission— Adults 50c, children 25c.
D. R. McNEILL. Chief.
J. M. Duncan, Secretary.
:t_^S» NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' >IEET-
i»-Js' ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation,
will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1896, at the hour of 11a. m.. at the offlce of the
company, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPKECKELS, President.
W. S. Lkake. Secretary.
Sun Francisco. Cal., May 15, 1898.
SPECIAL, NOTICES. '
ff^Sp BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR »4:
t*^*' collections made, city t or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montcv st. .'room 6. Tel. 6. r >Bo.
SITUATIONS irANTEB-rKKALB.
Txi'llßEß OF GIRLS OF A LL NATIONALI-
-.' V ties awaiting situations, with best references.
MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st.
LMR>T-CLASS HOTEL COOK DESIRES SIT-
F nation; understands all branches of cooking;
best references: city or country- MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
pOMPETENT SWEDISH WOMAN. WITH A
\J child, desires sttuatlou: good cook: country
preferred. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
V_ ihe day: would do washing or housecleanlm;;
is a good cook; would take place In city or coun-
try as working housekeeper, call at 5 Ewlngplace,
on' Laguna st., n,e&r butter.
RE S PECTABLE ~W OMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion to assist with light housework and care of
children; small wages. 261 1 /_t Tehama st.
TOOTING NKAT SWKIUSH COOKING
X and general housework, good reference, if "JO:
Swedish cirl, wishing second work and waiting
on table, 3 years' reference, $25. 1020 Mission St.
VOUXG CIRL WANTS SITUATION to DO
X light housework. 337 Dore st.. off Bryant, bet.
Ninth and Tenth.
OMAN WISHES TO GOOrT BY THE DAY'; I
' » any kind of wor'-t,: understands cooking. Call j
for 2 days. 929 Mission su I
pOMIEIENT COOK DESIRES SITUATION:
\J no objection to country; references 2415
Clay st.
VI IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
**• situation to do general housework; $10 per
month: city or country. 504 Howard st.
jT'RENCU LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
X hensekeeper; city or country. Apply 612 Post.
pKRMAN GIRL DESIRES SITUATION AS
VI chambermaid: good seamstress. Please call
after 11, 1-6 Fourth st., room 3.
WANTED-SIT CATION BY WOMAN WHO i
»* is a rood cook and laundress; 3 years in last j
place; country preferred. 62 Natoma su
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS HOUSE- I
X keeper; is good cook. 28 Seventh st., room 36.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES HOUSE- I
\J work and plain cooking and washing. Call
258 Eighth at. •_
COMPETENT SEAMSTRESS WANTS EN-
\J gagements by the day; good help for dress-
makers. Address R. M., box 148, this office.
OOK WANTS A SITUATION FOR THE
country: bakes good bread. 1301 Santa Clara
aye., Alameda.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
tion to work; city or country; In a good cook:
very good laundress; moderate wages. Call 1 000 i
Wash'ngion su, corner of Powell. i
ESPKCTABLE YOUNG SWISS GIRL OF 22, >
ODly short time here, wishes a position to do
second work or assist in general housework in a
private family; wages not under $14. Call or ad-
dress, Monday and Tuesday, T. 5.,4134 Nineteenth j
St., near Castro.
A7-OUNG FRENCH LADY DESIRES SITUA- j
X tion as lady's maid or housekeeper: good refer-
ences. Address L. M., box 45, Call Offlce.
SITUATION WANTED BY NEAT GERMAN '
O woman in hotel or private house In country. !
Apply 448 Va Jessie st.
BY EXPERIENCED CHAMBERMAID IN
hotel or lodging-house. E. S.. box 27, Call.
■yOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day; washing, ironing and housecleanln^:
$110. 212 Chattanooga st., between Twenty-third •
and Twenty-fourth.
V MUSICAL YOUNG LADY AS USEFUL
companion to lady in country; would assist
with children or housework: references. R., box
6, Call Office, Oakland. '
V"EAT EXPERIENCED GERMAN GIRL
i-i wishes position as first-class cook or house-
keeper in private family. Address K. X.. Call Of-
fice, Oakland.
LADY WISHES SITUATION AS COMPAN-
I-i ion, or will care for children or Invalid for her
fare to Chicago; will act as guide In that city. 821
Mission St., upper flat, room 4.
XPiSRIENCKD NURSE WISHES ENGAGE-
ments; charges reasonable. Address i. 8., 32
Lewis st., bet. Post and Sutter. off Jones.
CIOLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
\J nisbes best help for every position in one hour.
128 Fourth st. ; telephone black 1353.
OVERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE; BEST
VJ help secured. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
1 1" INCUES ■ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NrT
ii Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 60 to (6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-JIALE.
QTTOATION~ W ANT___r^Y^TTRST^CLASS
0 stationary engineer. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. '
C COLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
\J nlshes best help for every position In one hour.
128 Fourth St.; telephone, black, 1353.
HUNTER A CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny. bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office: best help. 414Va O'Farrell; lei. E. 426.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Vhelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
PC. U. COOK'S 800. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches :shorl notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant46.
J" W.JIM, CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY*
. men: office. 637 Commercial. Tel. Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
oflice; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30.
ARRIED MAN. FRENCH, POLISHED IN
ITI manners and obliging, wants a situation as
coachman, butler, etc, around gentleman's place;
can furnish highest recommendations. Address
A. R. R., 421 Daviaadero st.
LIGHT JOB WANTED BY A DANE AS
choreman : can drive and care for hones. Ad-
dress D, box 34, CaU Office.
RCHABDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
Vy charge of orchard, vines, stock and general
farming; 15 years' California experience; Al refer-
ences. Address Ranch, 31214 Fulton st.
SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
'wife; man understands the care of horses, can
milk and Is bandy with tools: wife is good cook
find housekeeper; references. Call or address A.
E.. 321 Ellis st. . ■
LIRST-CLASS COOK DESIRES POSITION:
1 meats, pastry; family or boarding-house; town
or country; references. ALPHA, 912 Pacific st.
\\ AN AND WIFE (GERMAN COUPLE WITH
■i-'X 1 girl 3 years old) wish situations on a ranch:
man good ranch band: can milk; bandy with
tools; wife good cook and dressmaker. Address
M., box 21, Call Office.
I>ARKKEPER (GOOD ACCORDION-PLAYER)
Lf wants situation to make himself generally use-
ful about saloon or hotel; can handle horses. J.
G.. 627 Commercial st. - .
SALESMAN. WELL KNOWN IN STOVE,
kJ tinware and plumbing business, Is open to en-
gagement. Address S. M.; box 22, this oflice.
A MERIOAN COOK AND WIFE WISH SITU-
A atlons, hotel, restaurant or Institution; both
good cooks and bakers; wa;es moderate; refer-
ences. Address R. R., box 74, Call office.
AN AND WIFE-PRIVATE PLACE OR
gentlemen's club: man understands care of
horses, cattle, grounds and Indoor work; wife com-
petent cook and housekeeper; Eastern people
Address E. P., box 141. this offlce.
XPKRIKNCED WINEMAKKR AND CEL-
X-i larman (German), for the past 10 years lore-
man in large California wineries, with first-class
references, seeks employment: country preferred
Address CARLMEZUER, Call Offlce. Los Angeles.
GIOOD CARPENTER AND GENERAL ME-
I chanlc wishes steady employment: best refer-
encea. Address C. P., box 136, this office.
BUTLER (GERMAN) WANTS POSITION*,
best city references. Address G. D- box 99,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Conttnned.
T^OACHMAN; SINGLE: THOROUGHLY UN-
\J derstands the care of fine horses and carriages,
and is a good careful driver; is strictly temperate,
industrious and obliging: has bad long experience
In the care Of gentleman's place and has best of
New York and Chicago references. Address E.
SI AUK, 321 Ellis st.
ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED MAN WITH
wife and 2 children, 8 and 9 years of age, place
on a ranch; good home more than high wages
wanted: man good workman and wife good cook;
best references. Inquire or address A. 11., 61 Clay.
TTOTELOR RANCH MANAGER— MAN AND
XX wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public in-
stitution or other property in southern California;
large experience in handling help. . Manager,
P. ' '. box 2217. San Francisco.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEA>.
'» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
ANTE D COOK, INSTITUTION, $30:
• » seamstress and nurse. $20; 2 Scandinavian,
German or Protestant second girls, $20; French
cook, $25; 4 cooks, hotel, restaurant and board-
ing-house, $25. $30 and $35; 4 waitresses, hotels
and restaurant, $20 and $6 a week, and n 1 re
number of girls for cooking and housework in city
and country- J- F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutter.
OUSEWORK GIRL, 3 IN FAMILY. $20 TO
$25; short distance. MISS CULLEN. 323
Suiter st.
OTHER AND DAUGHTER OR TWO
friends, $36; both to cook. MISS CULLEN.
323 .--utter st.
p ERMAN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER, $20:
\JT American working housekeeper, $15; cook,
boarding-house, $35; cook, private family, $35;
2 second girls, $25 and $20; 15 housework girls,
city, $20 and $25- 6 young girls to assist, $10 to
$15. MISS <• 11. 1. EN. 323 Sutter st.
6 WEDISH OR GERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL,
O $30: 2ln family. MISS CULLEN, 323 butter.
COOK, HOME $25; COOK, SANDRA-
faeI $25, Oakland $30, San Jose $25, and other i
towns. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter K.
VTE AT, refined young girl, light
X> work, $10. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler St.
p ERMAN WOMAN. WITH A CHILD. AS
\X housekeeper, $20: chambermaid and waitress,
$20, Menlo Park. MISS CULLEN, 323Sutt«rst.
OA WOMEN AND GIELS FOR DIFFERENT
—A/ positions, city and country: second girl,
private family; 3 cooks private families, $20 and
$25; 2 hotel cooks; 3 girls for housework; cook
fora ranch; 3 waitresses : seamstress, $20: refer-
ences, and other places, at MURRAY <t READY'S,
employment agents, 634 Clay st.;
WAITRESS AND ASSIST CHAMBERWORK,
»i mountain resort, $25; waitress, country k ho-
tel, $20; cook, small mountain resort, $25;
French, German and Scandinavian cook; second
and housework girls for S nta Barbara, Santa
Cruz and city. $25, $20 and $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED — PROTESTANT NURSE. $20:
»' cook, country, $30: French second girl, coun-
try, )£-5; French nurse and seamstress, $20:
French laundress, country, $20: German girls for
housework, $20: 2 Spanish chambermaids, $12.
LEON ANDRE, 315 .-tockton St.
ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work: good cook; 6 In family: wages $25. Ap-
ply MISS HICKEY, 1033 Poit St.
■yOUNG GIRL TO A-SIST IN FAMILY OF 2.
X no wash, mm $12: also German girl to assist
in family of 2, $10. MJSS HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
2 GERMAN COOKS. $s!* AND $30: WAlT-
riss. $-6; infant's nurse, $20; 2 nurseglrls,
$13 and $20; 10 girls for housework and to assist.
MRS. HIRD. 721 Ellis st.
Till STWORTHY GIRL, FOND OF CHIL-
X drpn, to keep house and look after 4 children
for lady who is away during the day: wages to
commence, $15. Apply after 7p. m.. 438 291h st.
T/INISHERS; ON COATS WANTED; ALSO
V one who understands buttonhole-making. 307
Clementina gt., near Fourth.
■yOUNG GIRL, Will SOME EXPERIENCE.
X for small children and chamberwork; salary
$15. 316 Page st.
Air ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
"1 housework: references. 2241 Sntter St.
G"" IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSKWORK AND
cooking; small family; wages $15. 1416 Va-
I llejo st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE
of a baby. 608 Oak st.
Tailoress WANTED ON COATS; If
X prentices wanted. 246 Clementina st.
APPRENTICE WANTED TO LF.AKN ON
■r\ custom coats: paid while learning. 606 Pacific. j
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK. APPLY BET. 9
and 12. 1006 Geary bU
qiAILORESS WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS;
X good wages. 22 Russ st.
pOODTAILORERS WANTED; GOOD WAGES;
vJT steady work. 966 Folsom st.
OPE ATORS ON BAR AND BARBERCOATS:
experienced hands only. 42 2 Turk st.
p IRL WANTED, 16 TO 16 YEARS OLD, TO
VJT wait at table. 131 Third st.
\\T ANTED — NEAT GIRL FOR GENERAL
i* housework. Apply at 2024 Pine su
GENTS WANTED FOR "FEMINA," A WO-
man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
clinic Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia st. For women
and children tree consultations from 'A to 4.
r ANTED— A GERMAN GIRL AS COOK AND
work in family of 2. Apply 462 Natomast..
NE. cor. Sixth.
WANTED - PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
ii school; course thorough, practical; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
ADY AGENTS: NEW INVENTION; CUT-
■> ting dresses taught 1 hour: rights for sale. 605
Fell st.
VOUXO GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHTHOUSE-
X work. 1217 Webster st.
WANTED— OPERATORS AND FINISHERS;
mon pants : steady work. 923 1 /-! Folsom st.
I-iIRST-CLASS TAILORED ON CUSTOM
coats; also apprentices. 14 McAllister, room 19.
APPRENTICES-SPECIA L LESSONS EVERY
Tnes. In dress cutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
~\ P PRENTICES WANTED ON CUSTOM
-tx coats: pay while learning. 410 Kearny st.,
room 24. * • • "
DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE, IN PER-
fect order; $15: day and evening. 1559 Market.
ANTED-COOKS, WAITRESSES, SEAM-
stress, cashiers, nurses, laundry-girls. Come at
once and get a good position, COLUMBIA. 128
Fourth st.
PROTESTANT WOMAN CAN SECURE GOOD
X home; exchange light work; only three In fam-
ily. 324 Valencia st.
\\ OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE*
«JI. Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market-
-200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
TJAIRDREHSINO. 25c AND 36c: MORNING
XJ. and eve classes: 101eaKons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
25c up. MCDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
T\r AN TE D— C AR R I AG&PAINTER FOR CKN-
'i tral America, $4 50 a day, gold: Portland ce-
ment maker. $20 week; 10 swampers, $2 i and
found; 6 tiemakers: farmers, chore men and
others. Ayply to J. F. CKOSETT & CO.. 6^B Sac-
ramento st.
EAD WAITER, COUNTRY HOTEL, 830; 3
miners, steady work, $50 and board: ranch
teamster and wife, $35; 2 plow hands. $15 R. T
WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
WAMPERS AND TIEMAKERS FOR THE
O woods; farmer and wife, $30: farmer bandy
with carpenter tools, $26 and found. C R. HAS-
SEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
\f ARKER AND DISTRIBUTOR; COUNTRY
lX laundry; $18 a week. C. R. HANSEN <fe CO.,
110 Geary st.
VAT ANTED— TO-DAY (SUNDAY') LABORERS
*» and track-layers for railroad work; free fare
Otflre open from 7tolla. m. C R. HANSEN <fc
CO.. 110 Geary st.
BUTCHER. ALL-ROUND MAN FOR COUN-
try shop. $35 and found; 2 drillers, $2 a day
2 quarry men, $1 76 a day. MURRAY A READY
634 and 636 Clay st. ..
OA TIEMAKERS, 3 FARMERS, 3 MILKERS,
-iv 2 butter- makers, cook and wife, 8 cooks, 2
waiters, 2 dishwashers, choreman, porter, cemeut
manufacturers and many 01 her places from $15 to
$100 month and found at MURRAY & READY'S
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st!
ANTED-A CHEF FOR PRIVATE FAM-
»» lly, wages $80 a month, local references nec-
essary: an Irish or English head Antler, $50- also
a second -man, $40: also an Irish boy as footman;
places to be filled 15th of June. Apply or address
by letter. MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sntter st.
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BKC-
re'.ar- Barbers' A mo., 326 Grant ay. a FUCH3.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Bec'y, P. C. Hamann, 238% O'FarrelL
WANTED— 2 GOOD~BARBKRB.~B73~MAI£
ket st. -
B"" USHELMAN WANTED. INQUIRE 416
X> McAllister St., flat 1. .
WANTED-BOY AT , LICK LAUNDRY. 9
• * Lick place.
YOUNG~MA~N OR BOY TO LEARN BAR-
X ber'.-i trade. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WASHER AT~32O~DRUMAI ST.: CALL
XJ after 7 a.m. ■ -.
W ANTED— FIRST-CLASS COLORED BAB
i' ber take charce small shop. 23 Polk st.
SHOEMAKER WANTED ON MEN'S PEGGED
shoes. 202 Fifth St. ■
\\ fAITER: $20 PER MONTH AND ROOM.
'' 511 Valencia st.
I V ANTED — DISHWASHER. 1403 VALEN-
'i cia st.
obacco-strippf;r."call EARLY, 1534
X Folsom st.
fTIAILORS WANTED: BOY WANTED, RUN
X errands and learn trade. 246 Clementina st.
GOi ) I) BARBER WANTED; STEADY WORK.
' 1646 Polk st. ■
fURST-CLASS COOK WANTED. 15 STOCK-
ton «v .
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ANTED^TxTiiAIISTER~i FARJIHA!?Ds7
» » miners, butchers, salesmen, barbers, waiters.
rooks, canvassers: always openings; call at once.
COLUMBIA, 128 Fourth St.
OY OVEU 14 YEARS OLD TO RUN ER-
rands; $3 a week. 307 Clementina st.
THIRST-CLASS COATMAKER: YOUNG MAN
- - preferred. 307 Clementina st , near Fourth.
WANTED— STEADY MAN to look AFTER
■1 office, handle cash, etc.; duties easily learned;
experience not necessary: capital required, $175.
GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market St.
SOLICITOR FOR WELL - ADVERTISED
0 talior. 659 Market st.
\\r ANTED— SADDLE-MAKERS. APPLY TO
*' MAIN <fc WINCHESTER.
T7HRST-CLASS COATMAKER; COUNTRY.
X CARP BROS., 723 Market st.
WANTED — COACHMAN IN 'A PRIVATE
»» family; single man; must have best city
reference. Address, stating age and reference, C.
B. A., box 102. y
CORRESPONDENT CLERK WANTED IN A
V 7 large mercantile house: young man: competent
stenographer and typewriter; first-class references
required: salary *50: state age. Address A. 11.,
box 81. Call.
I OY ABOUT 15 YEARS OLD: MUST RESIDE
1> in neighborhood. CROCKER'S, 724 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— MAN AND WIFE; MAN MUST
'» be competent teamster and farmer: woman
must be first-class cook; German preferred ; good
want's: state references and experience. Address
WALTER MET 2, Napa, Cal.
I \T ANTED— BOY FOR LAWYER'S OFFICE.
*' Answer in own handwriting, stating age and
residence. L. 8.. box 22, this offlce. ■..
PENSIONS— J. H. SUEPARD & CO., THE OLD
JL reliable attorneys, 1068 East Sixteenth Bt.,
Oakland, Cal.
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st. opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and ,*:; : ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-oft shoes bought or exchanged,
ffl* 1 (l 0 PARTNER REQUIRED: 2016 MAR.
#1"" ket; good chance for the right wan.
\IT ANTED- AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
-11 cry st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
RIGHT BOY WANTED IN REAL ESTATE
office: permanent place for cood boy over 16;
salary small at beginning. Address W, box 74,
Call Office.
I^IRST-CLASS PRESSERON LADIES' SUITS
T and cloaks. DANNENBAUM, MUELLER &
KAHN, 723 Market st.
UARBER-SHOP — ONE- CHAIR SHOP, UN-
II furnished: rent $6 month, including electric
light. Western Hotel. Santa Rosa.
LCHO HOUSK, 863^ MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $3 week.
\\r ANTED— THE UNITED STATES
f » Marine Corps, U. S. naw, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feel 5 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de- !
clared .their Intentions to become citizens will be
; accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
YEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
XI 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 60c;week,$l to $2 50; reading-room -.strictest at-
tention to morning calls:clean:qulet: open ail night
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE. 521
Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, 6c,
10 ', 15c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
J FRESH EGGS. COFFEE, ETC, 10c: 3 EGGS,
t: chops, steak or ham, 10c 635 Clay st.
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
\J half-solelnt; 25c up. 959 Howard st.. nr. Sixth.
A STiIMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOB-
-1- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
»i Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ES. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
ANTED- TO LKARN BARBER
•1 trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
U r ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
»" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN <fc <0.. Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
(KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO's. 612 My, tel. m. 333.
BOURQUIN 9 CAL'A ASTHMATIC! PAPER;
1 > Instant relief. For sale br all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutlersu
BEST IN CITY— E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. XI 50 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorn* sts.
P OOMS 15c TO 750 PER NIGHT; 500 TO $1 60
It per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm
Vy ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»' ers&clerks. K.SOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
IJARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY*
i* ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
HAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
*' St.; 200 rooms; best in theclty; single rooms
20 and 26c a night, f 1 a week: meals 10c. •
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
''to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms : 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
I INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
> I sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
A I EN'S %-SOLINO 60c; LADIES' 40c; DONE
-i-U. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I|)AMEA TO TAKE LODGING AT lOc. 15c
1"" and 20c a night, including cofltw and rolls.
<>24 Washington st., near Kearny.
WK ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR"
»• your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\l EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
**1 all grocers keep it.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new. 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission.
IHREE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR sc;
? also a botll eof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
fPRY ACME HOUSE, 91,7 MARKET ST., BE>
I low Sixth, for a room: "5c a night: $1 a we»k.
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
ii v-Tk; rooms for two, 25c > day, $1 60 a week;
Ing- room : dally papers. 36 Cla<- at.
AGENTS WANTED.
V GENTS WA N TED FOR A NEW PATENT
xV article: good pay. 146 a Fifth st., rear.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALL ON J. C. MUTHI-SRT^oT'cALiFORNIA",
If you waut highest cash price for your furni-
ture, carpets, pianos or merchandise of any kind.
SECOND-HAND FUR"NITURE WANTED TO
fill country orders; I will pay good price*. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
A MA LONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth bU
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURP. 211 Larkin.
FFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
SB A SCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
» ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER buys your FURNITURE.
. '»rppn. piano. 1135 Muriel: teL Jessie 761.
BOARDING WANTED.
WASTED-BOARD AND LODGING FOR
" man and two children; must be reasonable.
A. box 7. Call Office. ■
PROPERTY WANTED.
W ANTE D- JeSSrXcHO^CiTunTmPROVED*
v.  Paciflir Heights lots, 2 or more, suitable for
building, in exchange for $12,000, nearly new
55? oni* 1 *" r e»idence. Address P. D., box IL4,
\y A NTED — A SMALL ORCHARD HOME.
»» with everything complete. Address, with full
particulars, terms, etc.. G. H. F., box 23, Call.
• WAXTED-MISOELLAKEOrS.
WANTED— A bECOND-HAND NATIONAL
" cash register; state price. B. C, box 75, Call.
TTIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
XX children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
\\r ANTED— NATIONAL CASH REGISTER;
''■ must be a total-adder and In good condition.
Address W. X., box 66, this office.
U/" ANTED — SECOND-HAND NATIONAL
• i cash register; give style, price »ad number.
Addreita Cash, box 106, this offlce. ■
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elnr 10 A. XI KIN. 109 Sixth st. : »»n<! postiU.
ATTORN EYS-AT-L AW. . ~~
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECI-
tut JiJif ! p " vat *: no charge unless successful: all
J* w '"' tB ' claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to, G. W . HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
T . *j- H ILLI PS— U. 8. AND STATE COURTS ;
... k. h.. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
ates; Charges moderate. offices 508 California st.
MJ. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
« Market St.; advice free. ■
T J - MURRAY, ATT* V AND COUNSELOR AT
■«- » law; advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14. 15.
W W *PAVIDSON,ATTORNKY-Ar-LAW,42O
" . California at., rooms 14 and 15: -dvio» free.
"_■'--_ ' STORAGE.
STORAGE-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
"C»URNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS: 'AD*
X vances. shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4 Post.
p H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
-«■ .reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
T OWKST RATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS,
-Li household goods, etc. J. M. P'erce, 735 Markeu
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. 132 ELLIS;
-n.. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture, etc SHIREK <fe SHIREK, 747 Market.
PERSONALS.
T> B WAR D-THTIIAifEB~PADf TEES'" A*
J-i- sociation offer a reward of $20 for Information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work isjelng done.
NY PERSON~WHO SAW ACCIDENT— A
xx lady knocked down by Market-street cable-car
in front of O'Brien's dry-goods store, November 27
last, about 3:35 p. -will confer a preat favor by
sending address to •or calling upon C. M. JEN-
N INGS, Attorney, Mills building.
TA 1 NOT SECOND CLASS, AS MY PRICE
X (*.sc) for hair-dressing might lead some people
to believe; I employ nine of the best artists in the
city : don't mistake the place. 11l Stockton St., G.
LEDERER. • ...
"y-APOR AND ELECTRIC BATHS FOR
* Rheumatism, Sciatica, Consumption, Obesity.
637 Turk st.
G1 EO. \V. PHELPS, aTTORNEY-AT-LAW. 215
r Sansome st., room 4.
A DOPTION— A RESPECTABLE MARRIED
£»• couple would like to adopt a child. Address
T., box 88. Call Office.
AIR DRESSED ANY STYLE, 25c; SHAM-
Thr-r^ 00 '-. 26c: manicure, 25c: lessons. MR&
BUTLER, 131 Post St.. room 20.
VyE HAVE A LARGE STOCK OF BILL-
»' heads, letter-heads and statements on hand
which we are selling off at less than 5'J percent of
cost: you can buy them printed at less than whole-
sale price: come quick, while they lasu J. C.
HOWE, Commercial Printer, 636 Clay su: tele-
phone 5989. ,■_■.,
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SrE-
daily; private: no charce unless successful; all
I»w suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.Ktty-at-law. 860 Market st
rpAILOR-MADE SUITS. $10; CLOAKS, CAPES
X ana suits to order. 916 Market st., room 25.
rpHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RKD front,
J- 40, 46 sixth st; children's school ha's sc: dyed,
pressed 25c; hots trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
LIISERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMOND-), JiiW-
XJ elry. etc. : lowest rutei. 94S Market <?;.
SOL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
TRUNKS moved, 25UENTS. COMMERCIAL
-•-Transfer company. 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us. .  . ,
1 CARDS. $150: SHOW CARDS. 15c:
X * I\J\J tet. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary at., r. 39.
SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash : cures scalp diseases: take no other.
AZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHII.D'S. 213-215 Mason St.; open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market-
-200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors. J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
I'artlngton. R. L. Pan Ington. Particulars 424 Pine st
R. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
CITY' OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
J Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class Liundry. MRS. JaUssaUD.
1G OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
L,D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing boughu COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
pLOAKS, CAPES ANI» SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. "0 hansom? St.. upstairs.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
ag free.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 505 3 4 Natoma st., above sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
'" JJ ' J A J A
50 cm and $I—so cts and $I—so els and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE 13 POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants, -
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERB,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their reading astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, 'marringe and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influences In half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. v.. to 8 c. M. Sundays 2 to 6p. x.
Letters containing stamps answer*.!.
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERB,
1728 Market St.
DO NOT FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. M. L.
Carnelle, the celebrated clairvoyant and busi-
ness medium; he gives correct information on
love, courtship, marriages, journeys, lawsuits,
mining speculations and all family affairs; tells
you where to go and wnat to do to" be successful,
reunites the separated and causes a speedy- mar-
riage with the one of your choice: letters with
stamp answered. 220 Eddy St.; hours 9to 9.
SYRA, THE WORLD'S RENOWNED INDE-
_ pendent slate-wrltingmedlum: known through-
out Europe and America as the mystic wonder;
if deceived by fakirs come to Syra: have you
trouble? do you need advice? Syra tells just what
you want to know; mediums developed; hours,
10 a. 11. to sp. m. 1008' .2 Market st., parlors 1
and 2.
ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
ture, 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eges and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advica: sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2, 929 Post si., nr. Larkin.
PROF. AND MME. HALE, OCCULT SCIEN- '
X tist. clairvoyant, palmistry. 315 Ellis St., 9 to 9;
also Sunday.
pLAIRVOYANT— LADIES ONLY; FEE 25&
V.' 41 Minna, basement.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born with a double veil and
second sight: ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
■\f ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
liX past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. exodi us! CLAIRVOYANT. be-'
moved to 1003 Mission st., near corner Sixth.
A* ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
lil tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
Vf RS. ALLEN, TEST & BUSINESS MEDIUM,
11 I mental A magnetic healer, 620 Market, r. 20.
ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET ST., Nrt. 6TH;
XT wonderful power: gives advice on business,
speculation, love, marriage, divorce, etc. : tells of
your friends' and enemies' business; confidential
letters with stamp answered; 9 to 8: also Sunday.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
VPSY LII-E-READER; LADIES, 25c;
gents. 50c ; readings daily except Sun. 6 7th.
\] MB. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
-.'X the world: 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
\\ ME. STEWART: GREATEST CARD READ-
■IU erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of ace: mining, lawsuits
marriage: ladies or gents 60c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
RETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
l.r-B-nr and future: prirpw moderate US 6 Mission.
SPIRITUALISE.
(CALIFORNIA SPIRITUALISTS' CONVEN-
J lion. Golden Gate Hall, sutter St., above Ma-
son, closing day: 10 a. m. and 2 p. m., 10-minute
addresses on organization; free: everybody In-
vited; evening at 8. the grand phenomenal Seance
by John Slater, Mrs. J. J. Whitney, Fred Evans
and Mrs. Francis; admission, 10 cents- Tuesday
evening, literary and musical social and dance at
Golden Gate Hall; free.
RS. KATE HOt-KINS, TRANCE AND BUSl-
ness medium: sit tines daily: $1; circles Tues-
day evening, 25 cents. 136 Oak st. ' '
A RLE, INDEPENDENT SLATE- WRITER,
330 Kills su, has returned from Los Angeles.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
•.ranee medium : sittings $1. "1 S Stockton si.
LOST.
ost— fox-terrier," 2 months OLD; 1
i black ear; ruptured. Return 206 butters'..;
reward.
MA 24, AT 3:10 O'CLOCK, COR. MARKET
and Seventh sta., a young male pug dog; re-
ward. Return to 12 Sherman st., Columbia square.
STOLEN— DARK-BAY STUD: 3 YEARS OLD;
one hind foot white, with saddle and bridle.
Return to Potiero aye., bet. Fifteenth and six-
teenth sts.; $5 reward; no questions asked; SUL-
LIVAN. -■
1 OBT — UMBRELLA: SILVER HANDLE:
J monogram J. M. P.; reward. 318 California
St., room 16. ■ --""■-■
"f OST--A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of CHRISTIAN SORENSON. No.
1951146. The finder will please return to bank.
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
the name of CYRUS D. HOYT: No. 71-105. The
finder will please return to bank. . : . r; ..
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR- 5 CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
r ,' nnnnnnnnnnnnnn ri l T ?'y:n;n,-- --- ■' '■ * •
olSkd^jvady """wiio" lost" weddino.
ring In the sand at the Cliff House Saturday,
May 23, can have tbe same by paying charges at
1630 Eddy st.
TYPEWRITERS, ~~
OST, $30: CALIGRAPH, $25: SEND FOR
X sample work. SCOTT <fe BAN NAN, 333 Monty
■ ' '^- BUSINESS CHANCES. . ;
£» "I O' LODGING-HOUSE, 9 ROOMS;;WELL
13) I -it), furnished: near Market St.: must De
sold to-day. M. LESS & CO., 783y_ Market st. -■
(JJjOAA BRANCH BAKERY, COFFEE AND
f^t)\'\t. icecream parlors, cigar-stand, building
included; choice part Western Addition; ground
rent, $10; long lease, M. LESS & CO., 783V_ Mar
ket st.
C_'_i^A BRANCH BAKERY ON A BUSY
«U)OtJ". street; central: good stock; nice fix-
tures: living-rooms; choice place. M. LESS <&
CO., 7831-2 Market at.
ft! p. /i FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE:
tlPlOU.must be sold to-day; good horse and
wagon; best portion Western Addition: 4 living-
rooms; rent $10: present owner there 2 years; has
good steady trade: Is offered at this exceedingly
low price as owner has other important business
requiring Immediate attention : remember this is a
chance in a lifetime wher-« $150 buys a paying
place. M. LESS & CO., 7831/2 Market st.
<2^nn A YOUNG MERCHANT IN GOOD
<JpUUU. standing wants partner In his wholesale
fruit and produce commission business; controls
first-class trade: established 8 years; doing pros-
perous business, rapidly increasing; too much for
one, therefor? partner preferred: full Investigation;
references: fortune for active man. M. LESS CO.,
783^ Market st. ..
(BjQcrv LEGITIMATE MANUFACTURING
'Tr«J«_)". business; partner wanted; manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in great demand; trade increasing;
money to be invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock: Is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
in; will double In six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market si.
<8i I HAH « 500 CASH: balanck to BE
»!P 1 \J\J\J. paid out . of the business: livery,
boarding and sale stable: fine location near Market
St.; has 15 horses, 20 boarders; full equipment of
carriages, hacks, buggies, etc.; clears $'-'50 per
month: this is cheap at $2000: greatest barsaia
ever offered. See GKO. STEWART, 602 Market.
(3>"l FiAA CORNER RESTAURANT, NEAR
<InXtH »U. transfer point, Western Addition:
handsome private rooms; owner 3 years: no better
offer In market; rare bargain. STENBERG CO.,
63-.: Market st. '- •
>Jj '-{linn PARTNER WANTED IN well-
%DiJ\)\J\J. established steam laundry in first-
class running order; has the trade of leading lodg-
ing-houses and restaurants: valuable outside
routes: horses and wagons; business sore to in-
crease If Droperly attended; books open for inspec-
tion; full investigation. STENBERG CO., 632
Market st.
Cf k -)nn CORNER SALOON; NICELY- FIT-
«iP»JV7V/. ted up: good location; wholesale dis-
trict; offered at 11 sacrifice: owner has two places.
STKNBfc.R>;eO., 632 Market St.
rj £.(\ RESTAURANT AND SALOON;
<IT • *J\J, near large carhouse; neat, attractive
place: doing Al business; large number regular
boarders; retiring from business. EN BERG
CO., 632 Market St.
AAA FIRST -CLASS SALOON AND
tlDluUlf, road house; at terminus of two car
lines; 8 magnificently furnished rooms; superb
bar fixtures; more than value in sight; rent only
$45; does business that will justify investment at
$2000: thorough investigation allowed. STEN-
BERG & CO.. 632 .Market st.
ClOnfl BEST CORNER~BAR IN WHOLE-
<iD- I -'- UV7. sale district; money-making place;
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKK <fc WOLF, 631 Cal'a.
Ct7KA WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
«ip 1 tJ\.' and notion bnslness; clearing over $100
month; building Included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT «fe SKIFF, 9'-l Market.
i!t)^|| WANTED - PARTNER: PAYING
«lTOiJ<'. coffee saloon and chophouse; No. 1 lo-
cation; established 5 years; prefers partner to
hired help; rare chance. BARRETT & SKIFF,
921 Market st. •
O9AA FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
'■' "Wi horse, wagon: rooms: dally receipts
$10; rent $12; snap. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market st. ■
fi;9.\n BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IN
— O\J. city. ; BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Mar-
ket St.
C?_l^.A PARTNER WANTED IN ELEGANT-
v. ly furnished saloon: good day and im-
mense night trade; 1 block from Examiner office.
WILKK & WOLF, 531 California St.
To SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-bouse come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
fifc'_">Xrj FOR HALF "INTEREST GOOD,
<ii,»J'J\J. paying meat market; best part of city.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
RANCH BAKERY. CONFECTIONERY AND
•!-» notions, with laundry office; fine location; op-
posite carhouse: rent cheap: good business: don't
fail to see this rare chance. 7 City Hall aye.
Q A LOON ON GOOD STREET DOING GOOD
O business; two rooms In rear; large yard; stable
in connection; must be sold; going away: rent $16.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Ql HO, BAKERY WITH BRICK OVEN, ALL
\J\J. fixtures with oven; locality fine: cheap
rent; you will never net a bakery like this for
twice the amount; Investigate this snap at once.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall >v«.
ffl» OfWlfl CORNER BAR; AVERAGE DAILY
*l.*i\.nr\J. receipts $35: choicest location : lease.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR; CENTRAL;
\J make offer: going to Europe June 1; bargain.
LYNCH & SEIIKY. 935 Market st.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
\J to-day. HEG ARTY, 1004 Market st.
9JXA IARTNER WANTED In CASH
tJP —,O\J. business guaranteed to clear $15 per
week; no night or Sunday work: experience not
required. Business Exchange. 777 Market st.
fij^XA CORNER SALOON OPP. GOODALL
<IDUUU. & PARKINS' steamboat landing: rare
chance. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
©1 XA EXPRESS BUSINESS; GOOD
«S>XUI/. stand; clearing $80 per month; sold
on account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205
Larkin st. - t
A LL PARTIES WISHING TO SELL OR BUY
xV places of business try CI'IY BUSINESS
AGENCY, 86Sy Market st.
HOG RANCH .FOR SALE-36 HEAD HOGS;
some breeding sows, horse, wagon; swill
route; good house: large lot outside city: all for
$250. Apply at 724% Natoma st.
FOR SALE— PALACE ~ SHOE STORE IN
flourishing county seat town: established 15
years. For particulars address Box 446, Ukiah.
<2l c )~\(\ SALOON; 3 ROOM<; RENT 822:
<]P^UU. bargain. WILKE <k WOLF, 531 Cal'a.
p ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
VX Apply this office; no agents.
OR SALE— TAILOR-5H0P. 204 POWELL, ON
account of sickness. For particulars call at
Humboldt Hall, corner Powell and Ellis sis.
(JinA BUTCHER-SHOP: FIXTURES;
<J)XUU. rent $18. 1806 Howard st.
RESTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3281 Mission.
pRKAT OPPORTUNITY— SSOOO WILL PUR-
vT chase retiring manager's interest, worth
$10,000. and secure permanent position on salary
in one of the greatest dividend-paying businesses
of tbe century: not a mine; serious illness com-
pels sacrifice; none but competent men with cash
considered. Address Chronos. box 67, Call Offlce.
ALF INTEREST IN WHOLESALE AND
retail liquor business; amount required
$2500 to $3000: also leasehold, goodwill, fixtures
and furniture of a hotel doing good business;
amount required $1200. For particulars address
I. L. L., Santa Rosa.
p ROCERY STORE WITH A GOOD AS-
VX sorted stock doing a large family trade. This
is a fine opportunity to get Into a good paying
business. Particulars of J. B. MIHAN, 509
Kearny st.
STABLIsHKD MANUFACTURING BUSl-
ness recently incorporated offers active inter-
est stock for* sale: fine opportunity to extend
trade: fullest investigation; references given and
required: principals only. Address lock box 194,
£an Jose, Cal.
CiftnO CASH-$9OO ON EASY TKRMS:
«JTU"\./ house of 7 rooms; lot 150x206: suitable
for chicken ranch: barns, stables, chicken-houses,
artesian well, flower garden; lot all fenced in.
Apply J. M. MCCARTNEY", 22% Geary St., or
Saratoga aye. and San Leaudro roa i.
C? 1 ort RESTAURANT; GOOD BUSINESS;
tgiL>-\J. value In sight: selling on account of
sickness; bargain. 107 Sixth st.
pOALYARD FOR SALE; BEST BARGAIN
\J ever offered; hoses, wagons, etc. long lease;
house-rent free. Apply Calf Office.
© 1 KPvH BLACKSMITH, HORSESHOEING
<IPXUOV. business; clears $125 month: corner;
shop* tools; stock; party going East. Owner, box
5, Call Office. Oakland.
(D»Q7 (^ COAL AND WOOD YARD: GOOD
<jpo I U. business: must sell at once; engine and
boiler worth the money ;triai given. Call fill) Sixth.
mo LEASE-IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County. Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKE-R or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
T ADY OR GENTLEMAN OF GOOD APPEAR-
JJance: small capital required. Call or address
14 McAllister st., room 40.
BAKERY FOR SALE*. ON 'ACCOUNT OF OLD
■ a ? e £™ re trade only first-class condition. Ap-
ply Call Offlce.; *
T ADY WANTS PARTNER IN MANUFAO
XJ ture of patent gate-latch: small investment;
big profits. Address L., box 69, Call Office. \
* 7?k(| FOR SALE - STEAM, LAUNDRY,
»4P iuu. doing good cash business: good reason
for selling. For particulars address San Luis
Steam Laundry, San Luis Obispo, Cal.
¥]hft PARTNER WANTED-SoBER. RE-
<IPX«JU. liable man, in an old-established restau-
rant. Apply at 206 Ellis st.
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
lady of means, 35 capital. 12 Mason st., rm. 2
©1 Ci^ SALOON, SET COR. BATTERY AND
«fl}X' Vallejosts.; great bargain; living-rooms
upstairs; must be sold this week.
pENTRAL HOTEL SAN RAFAEL;
\J lease, good will, stock and fixtures for sale at a
bargain. Apply at hotel.
CtOFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; GOOD BUSI-
_ > ness and location. Apply this office.
CMJ^A FINE SALOON: 4 LIVING-ROOMS-
tjpiclU. fine stock and fixtures; bUliards and
pool. 171b Clara su ..
C I ANDY-STORE FOR SALE. 261 THIRD ST"
' Bargain.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, CalL
BUSINESS CHAM CES— Continued ._
BARGAIN-OLD ESTABLISHED C IGA , R -
candy and notion store; opposite university
gate, Berkeley: junction Telegraph-avenue electric
road: cars stop In front of store. Apply on prem-
ises. ,
<a»7AA FOR SALE-GROCERY AND BAR;
«ft) I UU. cheap rent; 3 living-rooms and stable-
no opposition; a rare opportunity. Inquire Call
Office. '"■■■■ ,
o*l HA BUYS HALF INTEREST IN BEST
,pIUU paying business in theclty; no com etl-
tlon: call and investigate. 617 Jones, near Geary.
V'OR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
F and cleaning: good reasons for selling. Address
by letter C. BONNARD, 218 Fourth St., feanta
Bosa. • ,
mo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA.
X County. Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
k~et st. '
I' riOR RENT. UNFURNISHED— THE -GRAN-
X 1 Ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hoi el,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and tine location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going Into the hotel business: extra inducements.
oaered. Address LOUIS KLUMPP, Folsom. Cal.
LACK^MITH. WAGON AND RKPAIit
1> shep; will sell cheap. DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 Ann BARGAINS- SEE LIST.-
I \J\J\I candy store for sale. — $ 400
Saloon, good, for sale _nnn
Grocery store for sale i«ii
Meat market for sale... '•>•"'
Coffee saloon for sale 1 "V"
Restaurant for sale bow
Shoe store, country town, for sale — — —
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. 6tb.
JTY NKWSPaPER FOR SALS— DEVOTED
to the residents of Uie Mission district; present
owner has made It pay, though very sick: good op-
portunity to increase income. Address T. F. 8.,
box b2, this office: or apr-ry at this office for partic-
ulars. . - . . __
TF YOU HAVE ANYTHINu To &r...... -uY
X or exchange call on us: there Is no equal to our
quick sales: never heard of it, and we always have
snaps for buyers; come at once. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. '
XT/" ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
" with us; will sell it In 3 days or treat; we have
buyer* for all kinds of businesses. Columbia, liiB
Fourth st. ■
S~~TOCK OF POULTRY FOR SALE, EAST OAK-
land. E. HILL, 34 Donohoe building.
I^LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE: NICE CLEAN,
X and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific St., basement. - .
pORNER SALOON AND LODGING-HOUSE;
V^ 11 rooms; business part of city: present owner
conducting business for 12 years; no reasonable
offer refused; reason family troubles. Apply 101
Sacramento st. _______-———-—
OOD PAYING CYCLERY; GOOD WHEELS;
VJ best location. W. CK..NE. 324 Post bU
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
"ST^T^rr^O^K^O^^OTEirNEAR UNION
*_SI»JUI/. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT * SKIFF, 921 Market.
<Si«7^ ROOMING-HOUSE OF 15 ROOMS:
tip UI O. finely furnished: centrally loca'-ed-
permanent roomers. MEEKS & CO., 865% Mar
ket st.
I C ROOMS; FINE CORNER $350
XUIO-room house, worth 81000; price 400
40 rooms: fine for transient 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only <M>!>
16 rooms on Taylor st ••• 750
45 rooms on Market st 250U
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG-
X ing-house, See T. LUBELSKI, 7City Hall aye.
<Sl7nn ACCOUNT OF OTHER BUSINESS;
| 1''V7.45 rooms; good location; thoronchly
cleaned and renovated; clearing $100 month;
cheap rent. 115 Second st.
SMALL FURNISHED ROOMING-HOUSE OF
6 rooms for sale at a sacrifice; S rooms pay
rent. 367 Jessie at.
OR SALE— GREAT BARGAIN; 15-ROOSt
house; good location: rooms all mil; nicely fur-
nished^ B. A., box 60, Cull OlHce.
I A ROOMS: ALL RENTED; STEADY ROOM-
XT: ers; bargain if sold at once. S.. box 113, Call.
O/l ROOM HOUSE WORTH $2000: OWNER
~~± sick; $600 will buy DECKER, 1030 Market.
"I ODGING-HOUSE: MUST BE ."OLD ON AC*
X^ count of leaving city; clearing $35 a month;
price $250. Address C, box 3, Call Offlce.
\\rELL- FURNISHED, GOOD 67-ROOM" LODG-
ii ing-house; good location. 613 Mission st.
OARDING AND LODGING HOUSE FOB
1 sale; near city front; will be sold cheap. In-
quire at 39 Pacific St.
WILL SELL YOUR LODGING-HOUSE IN
2 days or treat. Colombia, 128 Fourth st.
IP OR SALS— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE
22 Sacramento st., containing 40 rooms: well
lighted: gas; water: Improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished and In order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel Is especially adapted for a
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot., foot
of Market St.: established 3 years; reasons for sell-
Ing, owner retiring from business. Apply to owner
on premises. - ■
OO WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OR-
-a<3 gan: low rent: a bargain. 40 sixth st.
' pHEAPEST AND BEST LN AMERICA—
\-> \\ EEKLY/ CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60. post-
Hie free. r
.furniture FOB SALE.
OOD ROOMING-HOUSE; 13 KOOMS; BATH-
VJT $25. 47 Tehama st. ♦
<& 1 HO * ROOMS; ALL NFW FURNITURE;
IUU. at 27 Moss St., near Seventh.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR."
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
"IPIRE SALE ! ~ ' " ~— "
a Prices stand till goods are completely . m*.
posed of. .
Oak bed sets »is sa
Bed lounges ••••- _ 00
Stoves '.'.'.'.'.l 750
Carpets, per yard __ 55
Linoleum, per yard j 55
Matting, per yard ' .10
Till our new building Is erected' these* prices wiU
stana. Till such time we are conducting business -
at SK. corner Seventh and Mission sta. i.
NOON AN.
A[\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER 6ET3, $147
rX.\J\J stoves, $6; parlor sets, $20: folding- be.!*
$10; bed-lounges. $.. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW . $7 5"
tr -iedloanges trimmed with plush . " $5 59
Brussels Carpet, laid .....*.*74scun
Enelish Linoleum, laid ..".**4Ooap
Window shades In 5 colors . " 250 an
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market " su." ipposltS
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
CARPET CLJEANING. J
p REATEASTERN~S^FTAiTcTR^E^f~CLEXN^
\X ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. (jbax't.
JONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Sen.
CIARPETS CLEANED, SCA YARD; LAID 3a
/ Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»i poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama su : tel. So. 4a
pONKLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate live.: telephone east 126.
piTY STEAM CARPET (LEA NINO.RENOVA-
VJ ting, 88 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
pREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BE
VJ ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yarl.
G. GEORGE.offlce 11 Eighth st.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATEU
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth: teL
booth 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO 2411
O . 14th Bt. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN~
. oviutng works. 45a St»v<>nson: t«L south 228.
FOR SALE— MIS CXI.L. AX-SOUS.
QIX-HORSEPOWER GASOLINE
O engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st.
QINGER, IMPROVED. HIGH ARM; $ToI
0 2437 Mission st., near Twenty-nrst.
1 U.-BER CHEAP; PINE AND REDWOOD.
XJ Inquire at Taoernacle, Oakland.
LEGHORNS, WHITE. BROWN AND BUFF?
XJ $1 each; fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Aiameda.
yol'SG 1 SPITZ^DOQS FOR SALE. 103
X Hayes St. .
GIREAT BARGAIN IN A BURGLAR-PROOF*
1 safe, with or without Sargent time lock. 43
Main street.
COMPLETE SECOND-HAND OUTFIT OP
/ tinner's tools .and machines; cheap. Box 129
Napa, Cal. . '
"L^OR SALE— UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
X I register: price $1:5. J. L.. box 64. Call Office:
LOR SALE— SUN CASH REGISTER- USED
JlO days: price $25. S. C, box 65, Call Office.
fIRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING^
ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C A -*
box 100, this offlce.* '*
S ECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE — EN^
gines; various sizes; guaranteed perfect order-
bargain. Q. E.. box 100, Call. «*.i.««uer,
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS-. ALL MAKES;'
write for prices. Typewriter Ex.,.310 California!
BOILERS, ENGIN AN D MACHINERY*
waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale!
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNU
„„ ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro!
flu California Rattan Co., 61 First st- nr. Mlssioa
i.UILDINUS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHK3"
X> doors, mantels, eta, tor sale. 1166 MlMlon.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAROP *T7Hl'
fire and bnrglar proof slfe Yog, m ■ Mwk* ■?
L^IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER^
T press, platform scales and desk :cb.eap ioa cia*
FIIYSICIANS. ~
DEMOVED— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1208
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
T\ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st.; his SO year*
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatments
me worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.HOUSES TO LET.
7] 1 SETTER, x£Aß~~TlTw«^rvßilY '
* IX cnolce; elegant; spacious; reasonable.
II 2-.-, tory, - rooms «ni baih. AND EDDY- M
-^ , rooms ani bath. ;
htevenson^r l" 6 ? nilt ' ttlitornla - S rooms, bath. i '
G rowSKf> ce o tOU aVC - beL "° th £UCi 2Ul -
ba I th 926 IHJU CUy aua snington-7 rooms and
!
Appl vio C°s k SIV& ' NesB aye - 7 rooms - bßth -
A P o« R Hair^n S "^KX-SO MORRIS A VK.,
XI 4 3 ' EVERETT ST. ; 7 B OMB' \ FWLY
'£**? ASHTON 7 & R GA O RDIN N EU:ii\
H?i L o" E A : D i pi5 1 , XU t OMS: YARD; RENT
Jac|son_atdPaciHa Va L * avenw °'th •»•, bet.
1512 £?,«« !7V* A V ' W INDOW MODERN
416SLui DE r il i USIS oi " 7 aOOMS AHB
-*-*-\* Datn. inquire a: 418.
B"a?d bVth. : : HOLE HOUSE 8 ROOMS
neo^ Buchanan yard ' *"* *" lay. 5 2 Fell *.
H^g|^p. HALL, YARD; RENTS9T
4 ST v^ L^i fi °^ SE: 6 ROOMS; BATH,
-» vl l > ard, cellar. Apply 601 Hayes st.
C O s^off* N Hm NT H UOUSt;; 6 ItO OaiS. 2* MOSS
>-/ St., off Howard, near Seventh.
S3O v&VSF S KOOMS, BATH: MODERN.
W->^' 1723 Clay st.. near Van Ncsa avo.
W?L», EX ' M , A *Y HOUSES BECAUSE WE
lIONDinW" riSht - BALDWIN «fe HAM-
•' u ' p 10 Montcomery st.
JTfKJtISHEJLI MOUSES. ~™
K . REN .T-NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE
«.n-r,f^ "« June ' -I"'/ and AugU3t: fine lawn ana
era nil!.- located: terms $150 in advance for the
tbn-e months to the nghl party. Address box
Mercury Olhce, San Jose.
SEVEN-ROOM HOISE FOR SALE; EVKRY-
k thing new: no agents. Apply Call O(rlc».
. COTTAGES TO LET.
SI 0 >^W»SboiC COTTAOB. 418P6L&
V l^. St.. near McAllister.
s>l 4 t-'OTTAGE 6 KOOMS: CELLAR; FRKK
V-t-^t* water. Call 325 Filth st.
pOTTAGE. 81U,!, GOLDKN AYE.. uP-
v/ posit Jefferson Square; 6 rooms, bath; hot and
co.d water; basement; garden; rent 520.
©1 J NICK CLEAN SUNNY COTTAGE—
• - '^t» Minna St.. bet, Seventh an.l Eighth.
TO LET— COTTAGE 3 ROOMS, 16 BYINGTON
-»- aye. Apply 1621 O'Farrell st.
<2^"j 4. NKW COTTAGE OF FIVE ROOMS;
V- 1 - • batu and garden; water paid. 823 Hamp-
shire st., bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
9 COTTAGES: 3 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH;
— Cheap. Apply 2643 Bryant St., nr. Twenty-fifth.
OTT AGE OF 5 BOOMS AND LARGE CEL-
£,' lax near Twenty-ninth and Mission sts. Apply
815 Mission su
JilQ ?\t\ WITH WATER, ELEGANT COT-
tE. - Vy* ta " e: 5 rooms: bath: gas-fixtures:
cellar and large yard. 438 Seventh st.
pOTTAGH, 8 ROOMS; BATH: YARD; GAR-
\J den; cheap: 920. 2324 Mission st.
Oil A >' EaT COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
<_ -1 J. bath. 1831 Union, near Laguua.
©7 P;O COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD OR-
-jU.I • .t)U. der; water free. Apply premises 945
Bryant St., near Eighth, or room 79, 628 Mont-
poruery.
J-LKMSHED FLATS.
9QI 91 BUSH— UPPkTTTIITi^OfXsUNNY
— UXiJ-4 rooms and bath ;rent reduced : good view.
pOZY FLAT; CL.OSK To PANHANDLE;
\J gas stove: piano; references: rent reasonable.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
"TUNE CORNER: 6 SUNNY ROOMS; CHEAP;
X 1 afternoons. 800 a Webster st.
FLATS TO LET.
r^9~9~sl[XTH^2 FLATsT^ "XnD~IS^ROOMsT
*J£i£i bath; suitable for 1 or 2 families; rent
reasonable.
71 A OCTAVIA-LOVKLY MIDDLE FLAT. 7
• ±\J rooms, bath; modern improvements: rent
reasonable.
TONES AND FILBERT STS., ST. CORNER;
0 8 rooms and bath; only $22; fine marine view;
cars handy.
Hayes St., or. Flllmore; upper flat; 5 rooms and
bath; only $16. Apply to C. S. CAPP<fc Cu.. 415
Montgomery st., Real .Estate Agents and House
Brokers.
ANCHKS ST., NR. EIGHTEENTH; NEAT
O flat, 5 rooms and bath: only $1-1.
Nineteenth St., bet. Guerrero aud Dolores: sunny
side: upper flat, 7 rooms and bain; only $23 to a
t,ood tenant.
Ellis St.. bet. Buchanan and Webster; 6 rooms
and bath; only $20. Apply to C. S. CAPP& CO.,
415 Montgomery st., House-renters and Real Es-
tate Agents.
1 1 Q FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
HO rooms and bath: 928.
YE. CORNER PAGE AND bHRADKR STS.;
-»-' sunny upper flat, 12 rooms, elegantly carpeted
throughout; ranee, 2 baths, billiard and wine room,
electric lights; 1 block irom park: convenient to
Haight and Kills si. cars: unusually fine appoint-
ments: ready to move Into without further ex-
pense. Apply MADISON <fc BURKE.
SUNNY FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; 310CAPP6T.
O rent cheap. MADISON <fc BURKE.
17<REE RENT GIVEN TO GOOD TENANTS
. (half to one month); prices from $6 up.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
\|" t RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
>> treat people right- BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
TTLEGANT FLAT ON SHOTWELL: CHEAP
XJ to good tenant. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
~Q~i ELEGANT NEW 5 ROOM SUN-
O-» O.O\J. Ny upper flat. 2974 Twenty-third
St., near Harrison.
VI ODERN LOWER FLAT, 4 BOOMS, BATH.
2816 Golden Gate aye., near First aye.
UNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden; 913 and 91 1706 Post st.
1 ?\97 FIFTEENTH, NR. HOWARD— 2 NEW
XOZi I flats, just flnUhed; 6 rooms, bath; $18.
■<STTo S LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIB-
QIO. tee nth st. above Valencia.
WO- NE\V FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS;
x water free; Twenty-fifth and Folsom sts. Ap.
ply in store below or 28*2 Folsom st.
&Q9 tA SEE THAT ELEGANT NEW
Q O . UVJ . sunny 6- room house 512 Guerrero st.
ho A FOLSOM— S SUNNY BOOMS, JUST
I Q-r finished; large yard; $18.
■I 1 0.7 HOWARD— UPPER PART OF
1 J.U I house; 5 rooms and bath; rent low.
AO7 P AUK— FLAT OF 7 LARGE ROOMS;
i«_> • all new improvements.
91 QA O'FARRELL. NRTBRODKRICK— SUN-
JL \X Ott ny side, large 5 room fiat with bath and
other modern conveniences: has 2 extra large
separate rear rooms: rent reduced to $20.
9Q RAUSCH ST.— FLAT 5 ROOMS; MODER-
*-%} ate; modern improvements.
UNNY MODERN 6-ROOM UPPER FLAT.
356 Clementina st.
79QA GROVE-LOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS;
1 —:/ bath; light, sunny yard.
IfLAT 3 ROOMS; SEPARATE ENTRANCE;
X rent $10. 1325 Sacramento s- ■•.-.-- ;. ■■_-.
99/* TENTH ST.— UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
— — U bath; modern improvements; yard; base-
ment.
■ OVELY NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 4
XJ rooms: yard; bath. 417 Twenty-second St.,
near Howard. : .. -
T7PPKR FLAT; 6 SUN NY ROOMS; BATH;IM-
U provements; $14. 1857 Lexington st., near
Twentieth.
TTPPEK FLAT; 4 ROOMS; $12. 1123 BROAD-
*J way, near Leaven worth. j
/>9\> ELLIS— FLAT OF 2 LARGE SUNNY
U—— rooms; separate entrance; yard, etc: $12.
-.;/|aTCBK-TWO FLATS, 4 BOOHS
O£\J each: rear.
BRIGHT, MODERN ECONOMICAL FLATS; 5
J-> rooms; bath; marine view; 2. 8 and 10 Han-
over place, off Sacramento St., below Mason; nice
neighborhood. Apply 320 Sansome, room 4.
II fil GUERRERO. COR. TWENTY-
HOI Fourth— 7 rooms; bath; poarch; large
basement, 91 8.
Ql Ql SUTTER— SUNNY FLAT, 5 ROOMS
OX os and bath. Inquire 919 a Butter st.
(»% ELEGANT UPPER FLAT: BAY-WIN-
-0 — >■'• dows; 6 large rooms and ba;h; modern
Improvements. 511 Greenwich sL -
UPPER AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
rooms; very convenient; 97 and 98. 941 Bry-
ant. ■
tl(l UPPER FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH.
%P-L O. 1625 Pine st.. above Van Ness aye.
991 Q FIFTEENTH, NEAR CASTRO-ST.
<—&X O cars: 6 sunny rooms, bath; low rent.
Af\7Q TWENTY- THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
nil/ I 1/ Castro cars: lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free. ■
1 A »)Q MCALLISTER. NR. SCOTT-MODERN
XlOo fiat; 6 rooms; bath; $27 511; water free.
C«l n 5 SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN laT
OH. provements. 20 Albion aye., off Fifteenth
st,, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
I • PPER FLOOR 5 BOOMS: $14. 8 HOWARD
court, off Howard at., near Fourth.
"I OWKK FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS: SUNNY
'-< side of street; rent 99 a month. 416 Rlngold
St., bet. Eighth and Ninth. Harrison and Folsom.
L~ r PPER FLAT OF 5 LARGE BOOM?, 133 LILY •
' aye.; key grocery, corner Page and Octavia sis.
\TEAR CITY HALL: ELEGANT FLAT OF 5
1> rooms; latest improvements: $23. 143 Grove. :
1 QA7 STEINEK. NEAB HUTTKR-LOWER
-1 Cv 1 flat; 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath. j <
I /i W P v *> AT OF * ROOMS; PORCELaTn
lj bath and basement; cor. Twenty-third and
Castro sts.: $13; 544 Castro St., upper flat 6 rooms
and bath, $17 50.
79ft 1 MCALLISTER — FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
1 *«'-'JB modern improvements; rent reduced.
1? LEG ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
j low Krvant. ■'» and 6 rooms, bath: $S to $16.
JttCH^SiiKKiiPlNu ROOMS.
California Street.
9?qi CALIFORNIA ST.-3 ELEGANTLY
s-iJiJX furnished rooms and bath for house-
keeping; cheap. Call before 1 p. m. ■
Capp Street.
17 AV\ CAPP— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
1 J" for man and wife or two ladies, with u»e of
kitchen and parlor; also single room; terms very
reasonable.
Clara Street.
1 CA CLARA— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED; SEP-
XVJtr arate apartments: rentsB 50; key 231 Clara.
Jtlleventh Street.
1 30 ELEVENTH— 3 CONNECTING. NICELY
XOv/ furnished housekeeping rooms; also others.
Eddy Strict.
1 9Aa EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
X— VF keeping rooms; also sun ny rooms.
Kills Street.
rQO ELLIS-FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
UO£ rooms, with bath.
Fourth Street.
*)A(A FOURTH— SUNNY ROOMS; single '
— "tU and housekeeping: families; newly fur-
nished; day, week or month.
1 olmhii Street.
QQ» FOLPOM— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; furnished; use of bath; separate
yard; $9.
1 A A 'H FOLSOM— TWO SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
IU'iO uuhttl forhousekeepiug; twoclosets; 10.
Geary Street.
91 71 GEARY (REAR)— THREE SUNNY
—J. I a housekeeping rooms. Key, 217.
rjH GEAKY — 5 LARGE UNFURNISHED
I XX rooms.
OQ PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
»J5 _ O. sewing-room, bath, kitchen; all neces-
saries. 1917 Geary si.
Uolcieu lime .Itinug,
Ql Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 COMPLETELY
•)I. V turmshed housekeeoiug rooms, $16; gas
stove.
191 i\ GOLDEN GATE AVENUE— 3 LARGE,
I— .l v' sunny, furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; private.
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET — 2 LARGE FURNISHED
— O rooms for housekeeping.
■
Hermann Street.
9' HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
—«J rooms: nicely, furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
i-ioward Street. ~~
JT AJ HOWARD— SUITE OF NICELY FUR-
«JU"± lushed housekeeping rooms; $10; first floor.
-19X HOWARD— ROOMS FURNISHED OOX«
*J— *.J plete for housekeeping; reasonable.;
77«~1 1 HOWARD-- NICELY FURNISHED
t Ul2 bay-window suite for housekeeping;
others: moderate.
n>H 1 HOWARD— 2 LARGE SUNNY FUR-
<uX% nished rooms for housekeeping; private
American family.
1 OflQ HOWARD-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
XJJKJO private family ; cheap.
IJOI HOWARD— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
-L*±G± rooms for light housekeeping.
17" HOWARD. NEAR FOURTEENTH—
X • OO Large sunny bay-window alcove, kitchen;
cheap; gas. bath.
C SUNNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; HOUSE-
-0 keeping; fine location; $25. 2420 Howard st.
Jackson Street.
"I ft! Q JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
XUXO nished sunny front, large housekeeping;
$4 to $9. *"
Jessie Street.
Q9.1 JESSIE-2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
O«-"± housekeeping; $10.
Linden Avenue.
9Q LINDEN AVI , OFF VAN NKS-, NEAR
+•0 Hayes— Large uniurnUhed room; stove.
Market Street.
9fJOO MARKET— OR 3 NICELY FUR-
*-v/«7O nished sunny rooms for housekeeping;
J>llUllM -ll«-«-..
- (O MINNA— 2 LARGE ROOMSTOR HOUSE-
010 keeping.
3ilßkion >treet.
rf»l MISSION. NEAR SECOND — 3 SUNNY
O\)\- rooms, furnished light housekeeping; also
two.
Q=il MISSION — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms single and en suite; rent, $6 op.
191 Q MISSION -FURNISHED HOUSE-
X-jXi> keeping rooms: gas; bath: no children.
Niit.jiii.i Street.
79A NATOMA — LARGE bUNNY FRONT
I £.\J room, with use of kitchen.
.Ninth Street.
1 9A 1 NINTH ST.-HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS-
-1-U2 single and en suite; 94 to $8.
«'■» Hi r.-ll Mi..»:.
AQ-\ O'FARRELL- SUNNY FURNISHED
TtOi rooms for housekeeping.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
Perry Street.
9"! PERRY — PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
— IX housekeeping; suite or single; cheap.
"I 77 PERRY — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
X k % keeping rooms; bath; hot and cold water.
Post Street.
Q99 POST-TWO PLEASANT BACK ROOMS
tJ— _i for housekeeping; rent 810.
bcott Street.
m SCOTT— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
XXO lug rooms: partly furnished for housekeep-
ing.
1 CilA «COTT-3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
xuj. zr rooms, bath, garden: rent reduced: call
afternoon.
second Street. .
11X SECOND - FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
XI iJ nighed housekeeping rooms; yard; cheap.
Seventh street.
IQC seventh — LARGE, SUNNY. ftjr-
x*j\j nished housekeeping rooms; veranda and
yard; reasonable.
Stockton Street.
41 7 RTOCKTON-FURNISHED ROOM AND
-X I kitchen; cheap; single room *5.
Van Ness Avenue.
91 j VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED,
— x sunny housekeeping rooms; single or In suites;
cheap. — ..
Washington Street.
PLH9 WASHING TON - BUNNY UNFUB-
%J\JjLi nished housekeeping rooms: running water.
A WEEKS NEWS fFr~B~CENt¥Z^hS
J-*- w htKL r CALL, in wrapper, for rpniiing
ROOMS TO LET.
Anthony Street.
8 ANTHONY. OFF MISSION-SINGLE AND
double; 75c week; sunny.
I'>ukli street.
1 030 ? DS . H - BEAUTIFUL SUNNY TJN-
XKJUKJ furnished parior;^lso furnished rooms.
Eddy Street.
0A,7 EDDY-FROST ROOM; GAS, BATH;
t)v I private; low renM
41 0 A KDDY-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
rxxKj room for gentleman, in private family.
1 V^O EDDY, NEAR FILLMORE-UNFUR-
XOO\J nished rooms; grate; closet; bath; gas-
private family; $6. " '
i-iglith street.
SHKRMAN APARTMENT UOUKB, 2* BTH
O St.. ntar Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis street.
rTIHE RAMONA, 180 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
X H ART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot _ cold water.
OSKDALE HOUSK, 321 ELLIB— IOO ROOMS
XX. at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open ail nlghU
* .Fifth Street. ~~
ffljQ SUNNY BEDROOM: KITCHEN: BATH-
%pO. water; no children: private. 314 Fifth st.
U«ary Street.
91 71 GEARY, REAR— TWO FURNISHED
— X I a rooms; key 317.
c QQ HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
000 sunny suites; also single rooms.
nrvi GEARY — ELEGANT SUNNY BAY-
Ov/J. window rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
also single room; cling bed: newcomer flat.
Tithe MARTINET HAS changed HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
1 Add GEARY, NR. CORNER OCTAVIA—
J iuU elegant furnished rooms, for gentlemen
only; ell modern conveniences.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
ROOMS TO JLKT— Continued .
Jfulton Street. •
116 FULT 9 X - SMALI ' BURNISHED ROOM;
olden Cxih Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE -SUNNY FRONT
-liX O room, suitable for 2: single $5 up.
O9fJ GOLDEN GATE SUNNY A~C-
«)_V/ cove suite; housekeeping if Ueslred; also
single rooms; reasonable.
Howard. Street.
1 9=,J. HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY BAY
-I -«-» window room; suitable for one or two;
rh*M>; every convenience.
Jessie Street.
Ql Ql JESSIE— LIGHT SUNNY FURNISHED
Ol O-Z rooms; reasonable.
Jones Mreot.
907 JONES -THE VAN* WINKLB: NEW
4»\l I management: elegant tunnr suites and
single; uewly iurnished; bath, etc.; Slu to »:<:).
i>t»inv Mreoi.
4 r.LINGTON HOUSE, 127 KF.ARNV-PLKA*
J\ ant sunny rooms, ra suite and single; lira; claw
in < very respec:: terras reaxonablo.
l.ariti-i Street.
J9Q LARKIN — SUNNY SINGLE ROOM 8;
*» — O nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
Ql 7 LARKIN-NICK SUNNY FURNISHED
OX I rooms; rent $6.;
Linden A venue.
90 A LINDEN AVK. — 3 NICE SUNNY
-<)' rooms; planked yard: closet; rent cheap.
.Marked ».ree..
■yOSEMITi: HOUSE, 1045 MARKET- PER
1 night, 35c to $1: week, 91 50 to $5: families.
1 370 MARKET, NEAR JUNE-. - FRONT
lulu suites, with or without carpets; modern
conveniences.
.Uiuna street.
79 M I N N A — N X ATLY FURNISHED
ll— rooms: 75c and $1 per week.
407 mTnna^-nice" FRONT ROO3I, with
tiJI doublu ted and stove. ->."r' ;
(ifi'f MINNA. COR. EIGHTH — NEWLY FUR-
UU ( nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
Jni,«i(m -treel.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
X fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 50 a day.
079 MISSION. COB. FIFTH— SUNNY SUITK:
0 I — lower floor: always used as physician's
oilice; terms reasonable.
1 OQO MISSION — NEATLY FURNISHED
X\JO\J room; bath and gas; private ami
I'KOl'E IiOUSJi, ll(j» MISSION— NICELY
lurnislied rooms, single or en suite: transient.*.
1 Ninth street.
9A NINTH ST., NEAR MARKET— FRONT
— yt suite or single for lor 3 persons; rent $16;
gas; grate; water.
Pine Street.
mPINE. BET. DUPONT AND STOCK-
ton— Furnished rooms; $5 and $7 a month.
I'olk street.
Ql 3 FOLK-SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
OXO nished alcove; with bath, running water, gas.
etc.: for 2 gents; new carpets and furniture; also
tinted single newly furnished rooms; reasonable.
Tost Street.
£AO POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
O\JO rooms; suites and single; cheap.
beventh Street.
1 Of* SEVENTH— NICELY FURNISHED
XOU front single rooms; $1 a week.
Seventeenth Street.
Q I QJ SEVENTEENTH ST.. NEAR VALEN-
O t:O"± cia— A nice!/ furnished bedroom in a
private family.
Stockton Street.
909 1 STOCKTON— FRONT SUITE. UN FUR-
■—VJ--2 nished, with carpets: suitable for office,
1 31 A STOCKTON-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
lull single; en sul;e; also doctor's office -.cheap.
1 7AO STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
-1 I VJO nished complete for housekeeping: cheap.
Mitter Mreet.
X A (\ SUTTER, COR POWELL-SUNNY FR'NT
*J\J\J suite, furnished or unfurnished; other rooms.
7AO SUTTER. COB. TAYLOR— ELEGANT
• "O furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS. 92 A WEEK;
-1 WO also double parlors, separate beds, $20.
CO») TAYLOr. ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
<J-j£j sunny rooms; gentlemen preferred; re-
spectable. • ■ .
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET — THREE
large sunny rooms, housekeeping or board.
Third Street.
qOJ THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
OOi housekeeping; free wa:c-r: rent $6.
Valencia Street
904* VALENCIA— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
*-V/ti alcove; also large sunny room for man and
wife or 2 gentlemen: rent reasonable.
JSOAUIHNO AND ROOKS.
2^vPpi N^^^aN^A^fTblTc^LrjßT^rfo
U~ J- board; refined home; sunny yard; best of
care.
1 71 Z\ POLK (NOHMANDIE)— ELEGANT
1 1 it/ rooms, single and suites; newly fur-
nished: opens June 1 as a first-cla&s family hotel;
references.
1 99A MCALLISTER— FINKLY FURNISHED
1 •-— \7 sunny rooms, with or without board.
7JAQ O'Farrell (CHANGED hands)—
• \JO Elegant rooms; suite or single; first-class
board. •
Q99 GEARY— FRTTnT~ROOMS7 RUNNING
O—_ water: good table board; single or suites.
OTKL BKKTLINO. 714 iiUSU-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern convenience*.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ~
TN FA NT, OhT~BMA LL CHTLD ; MOT] UK's
X complete care; sunny yard; reasonable. 1636
Grove st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES CHILDREN TO
VT board; mother's care; good home. 318 Twenty*
fourth corner Treat aye.. over froltstore.
STOKES TO LET.
VfTT^TlO^TßTr^nrLloTTA^^
IJ.VU fished frultstore; rent $20.
7a,'Tpolk — DELICATESSEN ~ store TO
I \JO let; tenant just moved out; rent $18: busi-
ness established; rooms in rear ; fine chance for
somebody.
OFFICES TO LET.
Q9QI AND 707 BUTTER— CHOICE FOR OF-
OZit/2 flees and residence combined; reasonable.
rpHREE PARTLY FURNISHED ROOMSrALL
X facing Market st. ; rent 930. 1 Taylor st.
On O'FARRELL— SUNNY FRONT OFFICER
£d\J with electric lights, elevator and Janitor ser-
vices.
QOO MARKET, OPP. MASON-LOFTS OF
i/OO various sites; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
ALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
CfSces $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
PRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electYlc-llubt;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
STABLES TO LET.
•OEAUTIf'uL LARGE "STABLE: 2414 CALI-
Ii fornia st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chronl-
cle building.
______ „__
UENTISTS.
ON^Sr~WO^KTv^RT^L^)W^S^rPR7cE9?
DR. HARDCASTLE.62B Montgomery, rm. 1.
IjURST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, C.M., M.D., 600 Sntter St., corner Powell.
R. L. T. CRANK— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st,. cor. Grant ays.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAR-
J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm 95; fillings frm SI; extracting 50c, wlthgassl.
ffl»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
O I good as can be made: filling 91. . Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST..
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whet
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
TpULL bJ£T OF TKKTii. 97; WARRANTED
X five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
QET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
O O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. - _^
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 6 to '20 U'Farrell st.
V> AI N LESS EXTRACTION. 6O0; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 veari'
experience. B. L. WALSH. D.D.H.. bls*4 Geary.
RILE SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRlUciE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. ;
COl/TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80S MAR-
Jtetst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DX. J. J. LEEK, 120« MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gat« aye.— Open evenings: Sundays tin noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAA-'
ranted. SB, J W. Xii Y. 1123 Market sb
EDUCATIONAL.
pRIV^ra^CADE^TY^^ANc"ING":"cLASi^
X <i # . Tnes. and 1- ri. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
T'ESSONs IN dramatic art. VOIOB
XJ lure and poise. Address Actress, box 6. Call.
"VTEW PROPOSITION in SHORTHAND
Xi writing; common wri ing requires an average
of 6 up or down strokes Der sound, and writes 25
words per minute; therefore, if you write every
sound by one up or down stroke you may write
125 words without abbreviations. IiKCH'I'S
school of ten-letter shorthand and typewriting
(two months' course $25), room 70S, " Sprockets
building, 927 Market su. >an Francisco.
M~RS. MKLVILLK YDER, STUDIO 614
Sutter; vocal music, piano, elocution; dra-
matic elocution; skirt daiiclug. minuet, gavotte
etc. Vocal classes Monday at 8 p. m. ; Si per
month.
A TTEND SIIEIILSCOLLKOii, 723 MARKET
1 •i*- SU The very test individual instruction-
-20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting and English branches, $I-
books free. '
OOKKEKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
ant teaching; 1.3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
pRO"FESSOR~G7TIANSFIELD7TEACHE"irOF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GRKVEN, VOICE-IMPROVE rT~B2
Ninth st.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG. ABITHMTC, GRAM R
• l:iy .V ni-.-ht : noela'SPs: month. 84 5 Mission
Lli'Ait MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: »3mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. OASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; *3 m. Maze b1d,,r. 37.
UPaNIsH, 1 GERMAN; MODERATE.
OAleißterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s;
YRES 7 . IHE LEADING SHORTHAND COL."
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc: life
scholarship 50; .low rates per week and month.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OK ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0.P. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MX-"
0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. 64. VAN DEB NAILI.KN, 723 Mkt.
H~EALD S~BUSINESS COLLEGK, 24 POST"st 7•
Bookkeeping, businets practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: nt;, telegraphy, modern
language* rapidly taught. W rue tor catalogue.
riUHTbCHOOL;IIKALU'S»BL«. CnLLli»..E;il
-i-' Post : commercial. Khurthand. Kngllsh; low r»:ei
JULIN, MANDOLIN. CELLO. BANJO- KliA-
V Ronable. PROF, FRANCIS. 1O451.';; Valencia.
HOUSES. — — —
t^ICE BLACK SADDLE HORSIi FOR SALE.
■*■' Gllmore Bros.' stable, Twelfth and Mission sts.
YOI'SU GENTLE in >BBE. SWTABLK FOR
X milk wagon or grocery. 1620 Mission su
I:< OR SALE— SO HKAD OF GOOD YOUNG
-T workhorses. 42 Valencia st. J. D. FOR-
RESTER. salesman.
lU\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAIV
OV/v ness; all kinds: buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
A rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A A HOKHKS foil SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
IV bugcles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade lion*
Market, 327 sixth sU; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLK, Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial su
IX A >I-Is"n~EW AM.' OND-HANI) HAK-
-1 U\J ness: all kinds: wagons, buggies, horses auj
Krapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission su
K. C H. WESTPHAL, VK.TKKINARY SDR-
Keon for S. F. Police DepartmenU Office ant
buspilal, 121 City Hal! are.: telephone south 401.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
QLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVKB!
O samplen. H. M. 11 LINK MAN, 109 Sansome sU
ftf J£ W AND BJ£CO« D-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
-L> dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 tine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
— _______
MEDICAL.
RS. DR. WKG ENER TA KKS LA DIES BK-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
Into 'good homes; mats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Kddy st.
MAUD I.NMA.V, ELECTRIC PHYSICIAN,
chronic diseases a specialty. 1055 Market st.
PSYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURES paraly-
X sis, rheumatism, insanity, heart aud lung
trouble, all kinds of aches and pains, nervous
prostration anil general debility, without medicine ;
no charge unless cured. Room 11, 8 Mason st.,
cor. Market.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKM ALE Dl*.
X ease seeMßa. DR. PUKTZ. 2541^ Fourth sU
I.\ DUES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
XJ 216 Powell sU; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
NI i X PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT;
— » all female diseases treated: expert physicians;
terms moderate. PCl ce, 235 Kearuy st., room 9."
MRS. DR. \VEO K.NER, PRIVATE HOME
• for all female diseases: separate rooms for la-
dles be ore and durin: confinement: ail female
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, »ii; infallible preventa-
tlves, 1. 419 l.ddyst.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MKDIOINK. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day:
helped at once; can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. FOP.PER, 318 Kearny su
DR. JUSSKLYN. THE GREAT SPECIALIST;
has removed to 1206 Market st., near sixth.
A LL CASKS OF IRREGULARITIES RK-
— — stored in a few hours: s_.fe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate homu in confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice- MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post sU near Larkin.
A BLESSING TO LADIES BUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
i their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
. neTer falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately -. prices to suit
toe times; home in confinement. DR. «c Mils.
' DAV IKS, 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OB 1
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge; separata
home for patients: best skill; medical attend-
noo: low fees; regulator, 9X 1370 Market st.
MRS. WALLACE — MAGNETIC HEALER;
rheumatism successfully treated. 'JOVi Stock-
ton st.
! CURE CURE FOR ALL FK.MALE DISEASES,
O from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
, MRS. DR. WYE 226 Turk St.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
X don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 264VJ, 4th.
1 It, HALL, 14 McALLISIER STREET, NEAR
2JQPPS. Disease* of women and children.
HOME, A FKJENU AND MOTUKR'SCARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth at.,Alamoda.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLH-A BOON TO
x\- ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure; 9^ 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
PIIOPOSALS. ~
PRINo'" VALLEY A TEB WORKS, 516
California street, San Francisco.— sealed bids
will be received at the Secretary's office of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 616 California street,
up to 12 m. on the first day of June next, for any
part of five thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not less than tin (10)
shares.
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th day of June following, and
must be taken and paid for on or before the 15th
of said month.
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of
five ($5) dollars per share, in gold coin or certified
check.
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine ($99) dollars per share.
By order of the Board of Trustees.
PKLHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
San Francisco, May 21, 1896. *
1 ) ROPOSALS — ITATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
X Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk at State Prison, San Quentln, until li»
a. m., Saturday, the 13th day of June, 1896, and
at the office of the clerk at State Prison, Folsom,
until 9:30 a. M., Saturday, the 20th day of June,
1896, at which limes and places they will be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsistence stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cine's, lime, cement and other staple supplies
from July 1. 1898. to June 30, 1897, inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which will be
furnished upon application at either of the above
oUlces.
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check therein required, nor from any other
parties than bona-fide dealers In the classes
of articles to be furnished. Each bidder must
accompany his . bid with a certified check
upon Home well-known and ■ responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the 1
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presl-
d nt of said board, of bis bid, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as required by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will be
paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules.
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or under th» amount speci- i
fied. R. M. FITZGERALD. President
J. V. Ellis, Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOR HARDWARE, PLUMBERS'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils,furniture,
fuel, stationery, printing, Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, in open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday, May 27, 1896, it 8:30
o'clock p. m., for furnishing tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of San Francisco
daring the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., aud for doing the
printing required during the same time, in accord-
ance with specifications at the office of the board
of Education, new City Hall.
GEORGE BKANSTON, Secretary.
BICYCLES.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW" WHEELS
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho-
Alliaier and Powell st. car lines.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EXCHANGE-SAX RAFAKL RESIDF.M E; 8
XJ rooms, etc.; accepted street; value $1000: ex-
change for city residence. J. R. KOCHK, San
Rafael. *
o>7n/l DOUGLASS AND 21S LOT 25x
tip I V/U. 130, and Improvements; also 2 lots one
block from this, $375 each. Call WATSON. 865
Mission.
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS.
bath, basement and attic, built for 92500:
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J. Met ONAHKY, 1149 Mission
FOR SALE. TWO2-STOR~Y HOUSES:
-T lot 27:6x85: 7 rooms: bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated: electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller at., near Slanyan,
half block from Golden Gate lark. *
W. COR. FOLSOM AND 21ST STS.; 95x90
ft.; will subdivide: cheap (or cash: also sw.
20th and Treat ay.; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
"L>OR SALE — ELEGANT 12-~ROOM HOUSE,
■T just completed, opp. Park; modern. 1917 Oak.
DO YOU WANT
A LOT AT YOUR OWN PRICE?
If so go to-day and bee the 100 beautiful building
sites we will sell at auction Monday evening. May
25, at 7:30 o'clock at our salesroom, 11 Montgom-
ery St.; all level and ready to build on; terms
most liberal; $10 on fall of hammer ami 310 a
month; YOU MAKE Till-: PRICE; lake Mission-
st. electric cars: ride to Francis St.; you will find
our Dranch office and representative, GEORGE A.
TURNER; office open every day in the week, in-
cluding Sunday, from 9:30 a. m. till 5 F. M.
O'FARRELL CO.. Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st.
A X THE SALESROOM OF O'FARRELL <fc
A Co.. 11 Montgomery st.,
Monday evening. May 25, at 7:30 o'clock, we will
sell a: auction a list of beautiful lots.
100 OF THEM— 2SxIOO BACH.
All level and ready to build on; but 28 minutes'
ride from the City Uall; without doubt the finest
low-priced lots on tne market; as to price, we
leave that to you— "You make the price." Terms—
$10 on the fall of the hammer, balance $10 a
month.
It will cost you but 5c to visit this superb offer-
ing, and if you want a lot for home site or invest-
ment you will look no farther; no sand; no moun-
tains; no rocks; no swamps.
To visit this property take Missions', electrio
cars, ask the conductor to ston at Francis St.: you
will there find onr branch otlice and representa-
tive, GEORGE A. TURNER, who will show you
over the property and furnish any further infor-
matioii. O'FARRKLL & CO"., Auctioneers.
QO] XA COTTAGE, 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
>JpOlO\J. just built; plastered basement: con-
crete walks in front and rear; decorated through-
out nnd superior to any before built in the Mission;
$350 cash and $30 per month; on Twenty-fourth-
street cltctric line. "4219, near Douglas st.
"VTO ".NOR CLAIM I TO OUR PROPERTY; ALL
i-i lots owned or sold by us clear of the "Noe
claim." JAMEU IV MCCARTHY, E. A VERY
MCCARTHY.
THE MCCARTHY COMPANY, 646 Market st.
QOOO LOT ON HOWARD ST., NR. 6TH."
q| Ov'Wv'. with store and. 16 rooms. Apply
1035 Valencia st.
IpOR SALE CHEAP— HOUSK 5 ROOMS, BATH, I
' large cellar, garden. 2439 Larkln st.
pHEAP; HIGH LEVEL LOTS IN WEST
\J Berkeley: near sta: ion: near good schools.
$475— Lot 39x135; $50 down. $5 monthly.
$200— Lot 26x130: 96 down, $5 monthly. V.V • i
$550-Lot 50x120;; sewered; $25 down, $10
monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— 2-STORY HOUSE OF 7 BOOHS
and baih and stable; 1005 Treat aye.. near
Twenty-third; small cash payment down, balance
hi Installments Apply 2712 Folsom st. ;:; ,■- ■■■..;.
Oji 900 HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS: MODERN
«IP J-— "V-'V/. improvements: 2 corner lots; one
minute from depot. Address P. BLAGROVK,
Golden Gate, Berkeley.
OIS 9150 — FRUIT VALE TERMINAL
tract; $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
UT Y-LITTLE 12-ROOM PACIFIC
Heights home; 913,500; ' 3 cash; balance
$100 per month. Address S., box 6-', Call Office.
HA R ISO N ST., NEAR 23D; RENTS FOR
9-0: good house, 8 rooms, basement: con-
venient for 1 or 2 families: driveway outside; Ma-
ble in rear; lot 26x110: $2500. 2627 Harrison st.
Q"l J£,A RARE CHANCE FOR A HOME;
lt)\J. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms; corner
lot, 50x50. Holly Park; small payments, same as
rent. C.\UEN.\>so & CO.. 512 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — FINE HOME ON TOM ALES
Bay; 5 minutes from postofflce, station and
schoolhouse; property comprises aDout 80 acres
first-class /arm laud: 8 fields, from 1 to 25 acres
each; house lv«i stories; stone cellar; 2 burns, 1
dairy-house, granary, woodshed and several
chicken-houses: abundant spring water; well
fenced; 33 fruit trees; county roads within 100
yards: N. P. C. R. R. skirts the property; price
only $150 per acre, half cash, balanc ■ on mortgage.
For particulars apply to JAMES RISCIONI,
Marshall, Marin County, Cal.
LEGANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
Xj and ranch at Los Gatos for sale; furi.isliinES
insured for $5000: property of H. 11. DAVIS.
RLF.S COL TON. 90S Market St.
I OCA TED IN ALAMEDA COUNTY — 320
■J acres of farming and grazing .'anil: plenty of
water and timber: only 9b per acre. Inquire 408
Twelfth St.. Oakland, or 41 sixth St.. S. F.
CM l\(\l I 104 ACKES GOOD FRUIT OR
«lplVfVrU. grain land near S. P. R. R.; bargain;
must sell. Address F. H. W., 1109 Van Ness aye.
4 ACRES IN TOWN OF IRVINGTON, ALA
meda County; choice piece of garden land;
fronts on two streets: small house, barn, etc.: see
this if yon want a first-class property at a bargain.
H. H. CRANE, 410 Montgomery st. __^
Cif\(\ ACRE DAIRY, HOG AN D WOOD RANCH :
\J\J\J U. S. patent; 1 1.2 miles from two stations. 3
from town: more than 200 acres cultivable: 40
in hay; fair house, barn, etc.; 10 springs and two
running streams of water; will carry 100 head of
stock and cut 8000 cords of oakwood: $9500: half
cash: a snap. D. H. TWINO, Sonoma City, CaL
BIGGEST BARGAIN YET! READ THIS—
175 acres fine land, beautifully situated, close
to railroad town, Alamcda County: several trains
daily; this laud is practically level, and well situ-
ated for subdivision in 5 and 10-acre homes; has
abundance of water; $35 per acre buys it: don't
miss this opportunity: as an investment you can
double your money in a short time. U. 11.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st.
Q9finn FOB IMMEDIATE SALE, BLOCK
(JTiiUUU. of land containing 3 lots, 65x210
each, in town Alameda County- and embracing 3
cottages, always rented; fruits, flowers: nice home;
good school perfect climate; cheap. H. H.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st.
TOCK-RANCH AND GENERAL FARM, ALA-
meda County: 330 acres No. 1 grass land;
abundance water: fenced and improvements;
stock. Implements, bay, etc.; price reduced to £20
per acre, including lease 320 ai res adjoining, all
under good fence. H. H.CRANE.4IO Montgomery.
(» ACRES, 6 MINUTES' WALK FROM DEPOT:
«.' Sunol, Alameda County; house, barn, etc.;
91250. H. H. CRANK. 410 Montgomery st.
* GOOD, OLD-FASHIONED NEW ENGLAND
-» v farm: 390 acres richest river bottom land; all
under cultivation; 300 acres In wheat; 1,4-crep goes
with sale; good house, 7 rooms, cellar; milk-
house; barns: chicken-house; windmill: family
orchard: ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
stock, tools wagons go with place; price $40 per
acre and worth to-day $75: best value In State.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cal.
FOR BENT— I 2 A^RES OK LAND 3 MILES
N. of Petaluma; well Improved. Address C,
box 331. Petaluma, Cal. .
V\ r HY PAY PROFITS OUT FOR RENT
' ' when you can get a good business and a home
on these terms: $500 cash, balance $10 a month.
Interest 7 per cent? Perfect title to 7 acres fruit,
vegetable and strawberry land: 150 fruit trees,
well, force-pump, tank and horsepower: cow,
horse, wagon, 170 laying hens, 26 pigs and garbage
route for feed; 4-room house, furnished: price
92200. Address Manager, box 172, Gilruy, Santa
Clara County, Col.
A A ACRES FINE LAND; HOUSE, BARN,
"1/ orchard, vineyard, wood, water, health;
cheap. M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
"Tor I bale— nice place for chicken
-T ranch, 14 acre*; 180 fruit trees; house 9 rooms
and bath: price $2600; terms to suit. Address P.
O. box 75, Sonoma City, Cal. .
no.NTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
\J send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
AXiN~c6UNTY^SOOO™ACRES~26~MiLES
MA«.IN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancbo de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land: no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; 840 to 975 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
END FUR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sal*. WOOSTKR & WHiTTON. Kan Jose.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN: IM^
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small bouse, etc D. H. 1 \VlNci, bonom*
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. B. F.
I'kopekty TO EXCHANGE.
B A UGAINS-WU AT DO want?
O\ivJ 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, fromslUOto 30.000
100 business places, all kinds, from £50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from 9-00 to. 3,000
2 lots. Ocean View, 50x125 600
4 stores; 28 rooms; rent 9160 25,000
20 acres; Sonoma County; Improved 1,000
40 acres near San a Rosa 5,000
House and lot in San Jose. 1,200
House and lot In this city. 1.600
Lodging-house of 60 rooms In city 4.000
H. C. DECKER, 10-0 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
WANTED— RESIDENCE POU 245 ACRES
»» fine land. 20 O'Farrell St.. room 4. 9 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— SALOON OR LODGING-HOUSE
'» for land. 20 O'Farrell St., room 4,9 to 12 a. h.
}<"XCHANGE— COTTAGE AND LOT.TWENTY-
iV second St., near San Pablo aye.. and business
corner lot on Seventn st., Oakland, for improved
frult;farm near naywards. Address Store, 1548
I'ark st., Alameda. " ;
1 9QA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
1 .iOVJ w»ter: flnt- for cattle- raising. N..bx.lS.Catl
SEWINU MACHINES.
•* LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGE D/
•ft rented, repaired ; lowest rates. 2U& Fourth v.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
rv 1 wo-story housiTand lot in good 10-
-I cation in Oakland: only 2 blocks from station;
house in first-class condition: piumbing entirely
new; will sell on easy terms or exchange for Im-
prove.! or unimproved San Francisco property.
Address R. P.. .box 20, Call Office.
WEHAVE $1000 AND ALSO $2500 AT 8 PER
" cent Interest, and another lund at 7*4 per
cent interest, to loan on improved Oakland real
Ps-ate, if well located. HUGH M. CAMERON,
broker, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
T OOK! $100: LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS:
J , no j!V t . el ? s:: near local trains and electric car*.
H. B. PINNKY, 90-' Broadway, Oakland.
A TTENTION BUILDEKS - PARTIES DE-
jn. string to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once; special
attention given to alteration* or repairs; plans aud
specifications furnished ire,e of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
XL ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco; 18 minutes 10
ISroadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and«water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
PotFage, 4 "BooMaTcioa£raiETx£r^?c£
\J nished for housekeeping; Twenty-third aye.,
East Oakland: bath; ho: and cold water: all
modern conveniences; piano: nice garden; fruit
trees and chickens; electric cars pass the door:
convenient to local train for San Francisco; de-
Ilghtful climate. Address M. E. C. box £0. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAHKIIA KKAi KSTATK.
JOOK— $aSo"^X»R Ltrra^lrXLi^A^lsLOclc
XJ from Park St., Alameda, on installments: fins
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Q9QAA 6-KOOM COTTAGE: $300 CASH
<p~O\J\J. and $-2h per month.
$2750— 5-room cottage; 9250 cash and $25 per
. month.
$3000— 6-room house; $200 ca3h and $25 per
. month.
If we have nothing on hand to suit, will build to
• order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEONARD
'. COMPANY. 1364 Park st., Alameda.
. CJ9wA.fl LOVELY NEW COTTAGE OF 6
«JJS — «JV/\/. rooms; all Improvements and street
; work; easy terms. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St.,
• Alameda.
9-STORY HOUSE; CENTRAL AYE. : MODERN
— Improvements; lot 60x148; fine well; $3650;
■ good terms.
$7500. reduced to Beautiful home; nearly
new; 10 rooms: lot 50x141; 80-foot avenue; street
work complete.
, $1950— Large 5-room cottage; Alameda aye.,
near Park st.
; $750— Lot 50x200: well located.
$650— I/O. 50x180: well located.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda.
HOMKS BUiLT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance 10 secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from 92000 up; $150
. cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
; Address A. H. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh st., Alameda.
SNAP— IF YOU WANT TO SEE A PRETTY
house look at the one just finished on Central
aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda; I
1 am sure If you wished to buy it will suit you, as It
• Is for sale; 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and
finished: open most every afternoon. UEO. B.
, ■<<]'■. A V. 453 Ninth st.. Oakland.
\ ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
' mo KENT— NKW I AGE; 5 ROOMS; ALL
1 X modern Improvements: lawn: flowers; rent
. $20: water free. 1434 Ninth St., bet. Maßtick and
• Enclnal station. Alameda.
BERKELEY BEAL ESTATE.
AAA " SEND" FOR PHOTOGRAPH OF
<i&l\jyj\J, new modern cottage, 4 rooms and
bath: 1 block from Ashby station: 40-foot lot;
easy term-. M. L. WURTS, opposite Dwight w»y
station, Berkeley.
7~i OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
VJ on easy terms. O. G. MAY * CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
rilß BBNT— FURNISHED HOUSE OF FOUR
I I rooms and bath: $25. Apply GEORGE H.
STRICKER, 2132 Shattnck aye.
If* OR RENT — CHOICEST LOCATION IN
.Berkeley: lot 100x270; frnits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
finished: to first-class tenant long term. See CAP-
TAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
UOR KENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
X 1 and batn; ptitno; $30. iOI4 Virginia St., near
Shaltuck aye.. Berry man stnllon.
"L^OR KENT— AN KLKUANT RESIDENCE OF
I 12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WUKTS,
Dwlght-way station.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT: IST '^DoYsb MORTGAGES:
A estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 2* Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
1 T OANS ON BONDS, DIAMOND;?, WATCHES,
XJ jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments: interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; disvreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
ON~EY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
tTToney LOANED UN JEWELRY and
111 other valuables at the Security Loan Offlea,
llUbMarketsu.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
MORTGAGES, LOANS ON COLLATKRAI.S;
I>l low rates, sylvaln Saloman & C 0. ,328 Montgy
1 \IKKCT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st.
J~OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
0 life Insurance policies, 331) Pine at.
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st.
IST & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
X slowest rates: no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWELRY, ETO '
XV Columbia Loan <t Collateral OfHce. 9 Grant aye. i
O LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM 920
to ssooo on good security. I'.O.box 444. Oakland
pawnbrokers.
AT 126 KEARNY "st.^"^boom'"9^monh;V
loaned, watches, diamonds, eta.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator; pledges for sal a cheap.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
FEW MORE DAYS ARE LEFT IN WHICH
to take advantage of the great annual May
clearance sale of pianos an i musical instruments'
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
TECK PIANO; FINK TONE; EXCELLENT
O order; obliged to sell. Room 21. 809 Market.
T>INE UPRIGHT: SPLENDID TONE. FORCED
J sale; $150. Room 12. Flood building.
RARE CHANCE TO HECURB A PIANO
from the F. W. SPENCER CO., 338 Post St..
before they remove June 1 to their elegant and
spacious warerooms at 933 Market st., opposite
Mason: bargains In different makes to save ex-
penses of removal.
"DEI-ORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ & Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; Just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins. $1 M; mandolins, 93 35; guitars, 93;
antobarps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc. ; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market st., Spreckels building.
C' I - FINE CHICKERING; SCUMITZ, 16
Ql^O. McAllister St.. next to Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMKH. STECK, BTKINWAY. STATHAM
second-hand uprights cheap. 106 McAllister.
C; I HO, MARSHALL UPRIGHT: SHERWOOD
I \J\J. upright, 94 50. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
QHERMAN. CLAY * CO,, STEINWAY REP-
O resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West; all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Sutter.
SHAW. $575: STEIN W A Y. $215: SQUARE,
$25: rented 92 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
* RRIVED— OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
xI grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
pHiCKERING, KNABK, STKCK.VOSK, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano lor 9 187: pianos
lor rent. BENJ. ITKTAZ <fc SON. 16 O'Farrell.
YRON MAI'ZY, 308 POST ST SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Brines nnd other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS ZITHERS, OLD&NEW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by ma.l
will not be inserted. They must be banded In a-.
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the name published.]
BORN.
BMILY— May 5, 1896, to the wife of William H.
Smiley, a daughter.
WEEKS— In this city, May 24. 1896, to the wife'
of Dr. T. W. Weeks, a daughter. '
MARRIED.
aLVES- SILVA— In this city. May 21, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille. Manuel Victorine
Aives and Maria Sllvi, both of San Francisco.
BRIGGS-MANSFIELD— In Oakland, Cal., May
, 21, 1896, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, Charles
' Bond Briggs and Maud Belle Anderson Mansfield,
bo:hof Oakland .
CALLAHAN— COLEMAN— In this City. May 21,
[ 1896, at St. Hose's Church, by the Rev. Father
D. Nusent, Cornelius Callahan and Catherine
Co'.emau.
KNOWLES-COOK-In Los Gatos, Cal., May 20,
1896, by the Rev. George W. Beatty. Fred
Knowles aud Mrs. Ella A. Cook, both of Los
Gates.
KOITER— ELLIS-Inthls city. May 20.1898,
by the Rev. Dr. Dille, John L. Kotter and Be-
atrice Elizabeth Ellis, both of San Francisco.
PEPP*R-LINER-in this city. February 9.1896,
by the Rev. Father J. F. Nugent. Henry Pepp.-r
and Rose A. Liner, both of San Francisco.
ROBERTS— CARE Y-In this city. May 19, 189<5,
by the Rev. Father Prendergast, William H.
Roberts and Kittle M. Carey, both of Nevada
Cltv.
misi>. *
Anderson. John B. Keefe. James
Aweng, Mrs. S. B. Kozminsky. Harris
Berry, Nancy O. McKenua. Teresa
Brown, Mary A. McSiea, John M.
Burgess, Caleb A. Middlehoff, Gerret
liergmann, Friedrich Miller, Augusta M.
Connolly, Murcaret Nelson, Metha A.
Coulter, John W. O'Hara. Horan
Donovan. Julia E. Owens, Herbert H.
Darche, Mrs. V. S. Peters, Marguerite J.
Flanagan, llattie . Quictc, Manin
Gray, Edwarl A. l<a\vson, Edith
Herning. Walter J. Sanchez, Susie
Hammill, Thomas Wilson, Irene
Hoffmann, Mary W. Wri«iit, George W.
Kelsty, Ueorg« W. Wallace, Em ellne
ANDF.HSON— In this city. May 24, 1896, John B.
Anderson, beloved husband of Lizzie Anderson,
a native of 'Jothenburg, Sweden, asjed 48 years.
SIS~ Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday) at 9 a. m., from his late residence, 287
Pa'.mer street, be' ween Thirtieth and Thirty -first,
tiienoe to st. Paul's church, corner Twenty-ninth
and church streets.where services will commence
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ctmeiery.
AWENG- In this city. May 21. 1896. Mrs. Sallie
B. Aweng, a native of Virginia, aged 40 years.
CONNOLLY— In this city. May 24, 1896, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Michael Connolly, mother
of Dennis, Donald. Joseph, Patrick and William
Connolly, and aunt of Mary Coughlaue, a native
of Lislevane, parish of Barryruah. County Cork,
Ireland, aged 46 years.
flW Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tue funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at M:3O o'clock a. m., from her lato
residence. 62 Kvereit street, theuce to Bt. I'at-
ri<K's church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrßtea for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BERRY"— In Oakia;id. May 24, 1896,! Nancy G.
Hurry, beloved mother of Eilward, W. D.. Mrs.
W. M. Kent and J. C. Berry, a native of Greens-
borough. N. C., aged 77 years.
fIS-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1:30 oYlock p. it., from the resi-
dence o; W. M. Kent. 555 Twenty-fourth street.
Interment private.
BERGMANN— In this city, May '.'4. 1896, Fried-
rich, beloved husband of Ernestine Bergmann,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 47 years 6
months and 16 days.
BROWN— In this city. May 24, 1896, MHry A.,
beloved wife of Jerome J. Brown, and daughter
of Peter and the late Mary .\. Wall, a native of
Portland, Me., aged 32 years 3 months and tt
duys.
O~ Friends andacquaintancesare respectfully
invited to attend the funeral To- MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m , from her late residence,
1C25 Natoma street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
menctn; at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BUIUiESS— In this city. May 24, 1896, Caleb A.
Burgess, formerly of New York City, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 78 years.
COULTER— May 20, 1896, John Walter Coulter,
a nat.ve or Brooklyn, N. V., aged 40 years 6
monttis and H dai s.
DARCHE— In Berkeley, May 2H, 1896, Mrs. Vic-
tore Sophia Darche. h«*loved mother of Mrs. A.
Swenson, Mrs. h. Rawson, Mrs. N. K. Williams,
Mrs. H. F. llerzoc. nnd sister of Julia D. SU
Denis, a native of l'ar:s, France, aged 67 years
and 2 months.
flGi^Notiee of funeral hereafter.
DONOVAN— In this city. May 23 I^6. Julia E.,
beloved daughter of John and the late Mary
Donovan, and sister of Thomas, Maggie, Min-
nie, Joseph and the Into John Donovnn. a native
of San Francisco, a^ced 24 years 5 months and
23 days. |Sau .lv.it- papers please copy.J
tfS~Frlends and acquaintance* ar>> resoesc-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
1 Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 519b Brannan street, thence to Su
Rose's Caurcti for services. In-.ermeui Mount
Calvary cemetery.
FLANAGAN— In this city, May 22, 1896, Hattle
Flanagan, a native of ban Francisco, aged 8
years.
GRAY— In this cltv. May 22. 1896, Edward Ash-
ley Gray, aged 25 year*.
HERNING — In this city. May 24. 1896. Walter
J.. beloved son of Otto nnrl Mary Hern. 11^,
brother of Henry 0., Frederick \V., James H.,
Charles IL, George A . John A. Herning. Mrs.
J. H. Ollson, Mrs. C. H. Beer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years S months and 21 days.
HAMMILL— In Sonora, May 21, 1896, Thomas
Hammill, beloved husband of the late Annie
Hammill.
HOFFMANN— In this dtjr, May 22, 1898, Mary
W. Hoitmann, aged 7tJ years.
KKF.FE— Iu this cltv. May 21, 1893, James
Keefe, aged 2 months.
KELSEY— In this city. May 24, 1596, George W.,
beloved husband of Mary Kelsey and father of
I'earl Kelsey, a native of Oluo, aged 44 years.
KOZMINSKY— In this city. May 23. 1593. Har-
ris, beloved husband of barah Kozminstcy, and
father of David. Julius. Niciioias and Viola
Kozminsky, a native of ro!and, aged 56 years.
j&S~Friei;Ji and ac<|U:i; 1: ;u:es ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m , from B. B. Hall,
131 Kddy street, wnere the funeral services will
be held under the auspices of opnlr Lodge No.
21, I. O. B. B. Interment New Salem Cemetery,
by 11 :45 o'clock a.m. train. Remains at par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, be-
tween fifth and Sixth streets.
McKENXA- la this city. May 22, 1896, Teresa
beloved wife of John Mcjveuna, and mother of
Sirs. H. G. Anderson. Mrs. F. C. Chirm, Teresa,
Agnes, John F. and Thomas D. McKenna, a na-
tive of Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland, eged 60
years.
*i"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday). at 8 o'clock a. m.. trom the residence
of her daughter, Mr* F. C. chirm, 802 Jones
street, thence to St. James ( hurch, Twenty-
tbird and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
high mass wi 1 be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing al 9 a. m. Interment
lio'y Cross Cemetery.
Mc-HF.A-In this city. May 23, 1896. John Mor-
gan Mcshea, beloved husband of Margaret Mc-
Sliea, fattier of Terence, John. James, George,
Kate, Mary. Margaret and Lizzie Mcshea, son-
in-law of Mrs. B.Martin and brother-in-law of
ll ugh Marttn, a native of Ballyshannon. County
Tonegal, Ireland, aged 49 years 7 months and
23 days.
WFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to a-tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at H:3O o'clock a. m., from bis late
n s Mence, 330 Tehania street, thence to St.
Patrick's Qntrren, Mission street, where a re-
quiem high mass wiil be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing »it 9 o'clock a. v.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MIDDLEHOFF-In thtsclty. May 23. 1898. Ger.
ret, beloved husband or Caroline Middlehoff, an,*
father of William H. and the late G. F. Middle,
hoff. a native of Emsdetten. Westphalia. Ger-
many, aged 74 yer.rs 2 months and 25 days.
[New York papers please copy.J
Friends ure respectfully Invited to atteni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Monday), at
- o'clock p. m., at hi late restuence, 701 Laguna
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MILLER— In Oakland, May 22, 1898. Aucusta
May, wife of W. E. Miller, a native of New York,
aged 6<i years and 10 days. [Rockford and Bel-
vedere (111.) and Auburn (Cal,) papers please
copy.J
<y Friends are Invited to attend the
funeral THIB DAY (Monday). at 2 o'clock p. x .
from her late residence. 1277 Webster street,
Oakland. Interment private.
NELSON— .At her home, Seminary Park, Alameda
County, May :-S, 1896. Metha A., beloved wife of
Captain Charles Nelson, and mother of Mrs. Cal-
vin OL McMahan, a native of Denmark, aged 66
years and 6 months.
<S~Frieuds are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at
1 o'clock p. m. , at the First Presbyterian Church,
Fourteenth aud Franklin streets,Oaltland. Inter-
ment private. Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. Please omit flowers.
O'UARA— In this city, May 24, 1896, Horan D.
O'Hara, beloved aud only son of William and
Nina O'Hara, a native of San Francisoo, Cal.,
ag.-d 2 years and 6 months
OWENS-Ib this city, May 23, 1896, at Gold<m
Gate Park. Herbert Harold, beloved sou of Pat-
rick and Bridget Owens, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 months and 12 days.
PETERS— In this city. May 23 1896, Marguerite
Josephine, dearly beloved and fourth daughter of
John T. and Norah Peters, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 years 1 month and 23 days, j Santa
Clara and Sonoma Couuty papers please copy.J
JSs~Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of her parents, southwest corner of Nineteenth
and Diamond streets.
QUICK— In Emigrant Gat), Placer County. Cal.,
May 20, 1896, Martin Quick, a native of Indiana,
aged 66 years 4 months and 19 days.
RAWSON— In this city. May 22. 1896, Edith
Kawson, a native of Kansas, aged 34 years.
SANCHEZ— In this city, May 23, Susie Sanchem,
a native of California, aged 8 years.
WILSON— In this city. May 21, 1896, Irene WU-
-81111, aged 5 years.
WRIGHT— In Melros*. Oeorge W., beloved hus-
band of Esther Wright, a native of England,
aged 67 years.
Or Friends are respectfully Invited to att»n.l
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. v., from the residence
Baa Leandro road, onposue Three- mile House
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
WALLACE— In this city. May 2H..1836, Emellne
Wallace, widow of W. H. Wallace, and mother
of Mrs, J. H. Morton, a native of Niles, Michi-
gan, aged 52 years 7 months and 13 days.
4S*Friends are repectfully inviied to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at
1 : 80 o'clock P. M., at ncr lacn residence, 2220
Broadway. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for Firat-clasi Funerals
■ at Reasonable Rates. •
Telephone South 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
NICAVOY & CALLACHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 EMBALMKBS,
80 ruth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
- Telephone 8080.
1112
OLD SOLDIERS
IN CHURCH,
Jlemorial Services by Vet
erans of Grand Army
of the Republic.
«N TWO CITY CHURCHES.
Paulist Father Clark Welcomes
the Boys in Blue to St
Mary's,
REV. DR. CRUZAN AT PLYMOUTH
The Folds of Old Glory Hung Over the
Altar While a Snaredrum Served
as a Pulpit Desk.
An American flag, lustrous under the
incandescent lights with the rich sheen of
silk and the flashing of gold bullion, with
etaff reared aloft and its bright folds wav
ing, was carried down the middle aisle of
St. Mary's Church last night by the color
Bergeant of Lincoln Post, George H. Rob
erts, a black man, whom the grand army
of the American republic saved from
slavery thirty-five years ago.
Behind him marched the grizzled mem
bers of the post, under command of H. W.
Mortimer. Then came Garfield Post, R. R.
Eilgore commander; Cass Post, John
O'Neil commander; Meade Post, John F.
Goggin commander, and Liberty Post,
William N. Park commander. They filed
up close to the altar rail and occupied the
front pews on each side of the aisle.
After them came the Women's Relief
Corps, consisting of Meade Corps, Mrs.
Bessie Johnson, president; Lincoln Corps,
Miss Lillie Milne, president; Garfield
Corps, Mrs. Addie Ballon, president, and
Seven Pines Circle, Miss Pauline Willis,
president.
The occasion was a memorable one, be
ing the first time that posts of the Grand
Army of the Republic have held memorial
services in a Catholic church. The church
selected was one conducted by the Paulist
Fathers, a Roman Catholic religious order
composed exclusively of natives of the
United States, and embracing among its
priests many prominent converts from
Protestantism. The interior of the edi
fice was most profusely decorated with the
American flag and National colors.
Two silken flags, rich with glinting bul
lion and bearing the eagle of the republic
at the head of the staff, were displayed at
the ends of the large marble altar. Back
of this and the two other altars the wall
was draped with the Mag for which the
Grand Army Veterans fought and suffered
more than a quarter of a century ago. In
front of the altars, high above the altar
rail, between two parallel wires, one above
the other, and extending lrom one gallery
to the other, were the letters in gilt card
board :
• IN MEMOKY OF OUR DEAD HEROES :
The organ loft was crowded with women
singers and the music was more than ordi
narily impressive. There was also an
orchestra composed of the following: Miss
Chloe Devlin, violin; Miss Marie Gior
giana, organ ; Miss Marie Dillon, harp, and
the Misses May Mugan, Kate Gadsby, S.
Drathman, G. Drathman, F. Butler, M.
Butler, If. Johnson, N. Johnson and Mrs.
Hampton. Miss Devlin played a violin
solo, and was followed by Violinist Herr
August Hinrichs, who played a romanza
by Svendsen very sweetly, very tenderly
and very religiously.
The soprano soloists were Mrs. W. Nu
nan and Miss Lottie Crawford. The con
tralto voices were Mesdames George S.
McComb and D. Silva. Mrs. McComb's
sweet and mellow contralto had a fine op
portunity of being displayed in the hymn
"Regina Coeli," and the opportunity was
not lost.
The remainder of the solo singers were
J. Sieberthal and James Lane tenors and
W. Gordon and Frank Meagher bassos.
The sermon was preached by Rev. Father
Clark, who very appropriately used a snare
drum on top ot the pulpit for a desk. The
drum was fastened to the staff of a silk
flag which depended from the front of the
pulpit.
Father Clark is the grandson of one of
the American Revolutionary heroes of
1776, and feelingly mentioned that fact
when bidding the old Boldiers welcome to
worship with him at the same altar. He
spoke eloquently of the duty of the citizen,
both to his God and his country, and
pointed out what he believed to be the
Biost serious dangers that threaten the
Republic — the immorality of the press, the
avarice of rich men, the divorce laws and
the warping of marriage from its true and
natural design.
The most impiessivu part of the service
was the elevation of the host before the
kneeling congregation, the altar lights
twinkling like stars behind the clouds of
incense. It was the smoke of battle, not
where men are slain, as at Gettysburg,
Chattanooga, Lookout Mountain and Bull
Run, bat where sins are slain with the
sweet incense of prayer and the rain of
repentent tears.
AT PLYMOUTH CHURCH.
George H. Thomas Post Joins In
Services Conducted by the
Division Chaplain.
George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R., wor
NEW TO-DA7.
Blood
Humors
EVERT humor, whether Itching, burning,
XX bleeding, scaly, crusted, pimply, or blotchy,
•whether simple, scrofulous, or hereditary, from '
infancy to age, are now speedily cured by ■
(uticora
Resolvent
< SKIN and blood purifier of inconaparabla
A. purity and curative power. Purely vegeta-
ble, safe, innocent, and palatable. It appeals to
all, and especially mothers, nurses, and children.
- ■eld throughout the world. Price, Oticxra, 50c. I ."
Bi>Ar. lUsoltixt. Me. «nd $1. Pottbb D*do
jcmtt.CnMM. Corp.. Sole Props-, Bmton.
mT" Haw to Cure i!U>dl»o<i Skin Unman," Ire*. ,
At the Chancel Rail of St. Mary's Cathedral When Archbishop Riordan Was
Administering Confirmation.
[From a sketch by a "Call" artist.]
shiped at Plymouth Congregational
Church last evening. About 125 of the
veterans occupied seats in the body of the
anditorium and the services were con
ducted by Rev. J. A. Cruzan, chaplain of
the G. A. R., Department of California and
Nevada. A number of choice selections
were rendered by the choir of Plymouth
Church, and Seldon Bturgis, chaplain of
George H. Thomas Post, made the open
ing prayer.
The chaplain's address was from the
text: "How Are the Mighty Fallen and
the Weapons of War Perish." He recited
in eulocium the characteristics which
marked the Union soldiers in whose honor
the institution of Memorial day was ob
served. His remarks were mainly ad
dressed to the younger generation which
had arisen since the stirring events of the
Civil War. He represented the Union
soldier as the grandest man that ever wore
a uniform. After extolling the high de
gree of courage evinced by these men on
the field, in the priton and in the hospital,
he said:
They were also men of a higher and nobler
character even than that. They were self
sacrificing. Tney freely gave themselves for
their country. Because they were such grand
men who did such erand work, we old soldiers
who marched with them and fought with
them ast you, a younger generation, to honor
them. Comrades of the George H. Thomas
Corps.it is our duty to impress upon this
rising generation how much tney owe to these
men. Memorial day should bo recognized not
as a holiday but as a holy day. Wherever
there are soldiers' graves the citizens should
march out to them, and by strewing flowers
upon them should say, "How are the mighty
fallen." In '65 the Nation counted thesp men
as worthy of all honor, and they are just as
worthy ol honor to-day in '9(5 as they were
in '65.
AT THE FRENCH CHURCH
Whit Sunday Services and Conflr-
matlon by the Archbishop.
Whit Sunday was celebrated yesterday
by the French colony at the Church of
Notre Dame dcs Victoires with a succes
sion of religious ceremonies.
Children's mass was said at 9 o'clock in
the morning, Father Emile Gente officiat
ing.
Father A. Loude officiated at high mass
at 11 o'clock, the sermon being delivered
by Father Gente.
Mercadante's mass in A was sung by the
choir, under the direction, of Professor
Martinez. The "Pater Noster" of Nieder
meyer and Schubert's "Deus Meminerit"
were sung by a double quartet.
Archbishop Riordan administered the
sacrament of continuation in the after
noon.
Zingarelli's "Aye Maria" and Nieder
meyer's "Pater Noster" were sun<? by the
following: Sopranos, Misses Florence
Garrissere. M. vergez and L. Ward ; con
traltos, Misses Anna Grozelier and Irene
Mull; tenors. James Lane and E. Torpy;
bassos, John McAuliffe and N. Lane.
Dubois ? "Veni Creator" was sung by the
chorus accompanied by organ, orchestra
and the double quartet.
Mile. Gallant sang the "Aye Vernm"
from Stradella accompanied by Professors
Martinez and Bettmann.
At benediction Verdi's "O Salutaris' 1
was rendered by Mile. Garrissere and
Rossi's "Tantum Ergo" by the double
quartet. _______^^^
AT THE THEATERS.
The Various Attractions That Are to
Be Offered by Theatrical Man
agers Thia Kvening.
This evening the management of the
Baldwin Theater will present "Midsum
mer's Night Dream." with Miss Ada Re
han in the character of Helena. It will
be splendidly staged.
At the Columbia Theater there will be a
continuation of "Miss Harum Scaruni,"
in which Miss Amy Lee has captivated
her audiences. New son^s and specialties
will be introduced.
Historical tragedy is what will be offered
at the Grand Opera-house this evening.
Edmund K. Collier will appear in the title
role of Metamoras.and will use a scalping
knife given him by the Seminole chief.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin," as an opera, has
proved such an attraction that the man
agement of the Tivoli has decided to con
tinue it tonight and for the balance of the
weeK, and it may run into a third week.
There are many numbers on the pro
gramme to be offered at the Orpheum Mu
sic Hall to-night that will interest the
audience that will assemble to witness Pa
pitna and other specialty artists.
TRIPPING THE TROLLEY.
A Gay, Young Man Lost His Grip and
Fractured a Thigh. ...
H. Aagaard. feeling in high spirits, re
fused to be secured by the usual waist
belt while tripping the trolley yesterday
afternoon at the shooting of the chutes.
He lost his grip in transit, and his left
thigh was set at the Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. Irving of 430 Golden Gate avenue,
on her way out to the park on her bicycle,
collided with the ambulance bringing in
the patient. She, too, received injuries
that were treated at the hospital.
• mm — ■*
In fifty-four cases out of a hundred the
left leg is stronger than the ri^Uu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 25, 1896.
PENTECOST DAY
COMMEMORATED,
Solemn Services Held in
the Catholic
Churches.
THE CHURCH'S BIRTHDAY
Archbishop Riordan Preaches on
the Descent of the Holy
Spirit
MANY CHILDREN CONFIRMED.
Beautiful Spectacle at St Mary's Cathe
dral After the Solemn High
Mass.
Pentecost Sunday, the anniversary of
the great day when tongues of fire de
scended upon Christ's apostles in the
upper chamber in Jerusalem, came yester
day. All over the world the festival was
celebrated by the Catholic church with
becoming ceremonies, and in this City
there wa3 no exception to the rule. At
the late masses the services were solemn.
Altars were decorated profusely with dow
ers in honor of the day.
At St. Mary's Cathedral a solemn high
mass was celebrated by Rev. Father Har
rigan, who was assisted in hi» office by
Father Ramm as deacon and Father
Dempsey as sub-deacon. Father Mulligan
was master of ceremonies. Under the
direction of Professor Harrison, organist
of the cathedral, Haydn's Third Mass was
sung.
Much thought had been given the
decoration of the chancel and altars. The
sanctuary was a bower of wonderful
beauty and effective contrasts. Palms and
ferns and red flowers made a gorgeous
color effect that was heightened by the
gilt candelabra, clusters of blazing candles
and the white marble altars.
Immediately after mass the archbishop
administered the sacrament of confirma
tion to 300 boyß and girl*.
He delivered a sermon on the indwell
ing of the holy spirit, telling his attentive
audience that men were the temples of ihe
Holy Ghost. The scene of the sensible
form of mighty winds when tongues of
fire descended upon the apostles was de
scribed.
This event marked the birthday of the
church. The whole church was assembled
there In the 120 in the upper temple. His
Grace said that the church had not only a
body but a spirit also. This spirit wan in
each mem her. "If any man will Keep my
word we will come unto him and tnke up
our abode in him." This was not only for
one place or one person, but for the whole
church. The upper chamber was the
great cathedral of Christianity.
In conclusion his Grace declared that
men must not only be born again in water
and the Holy Ghost, but must receive
him directly in the holy sacrament of con
firmation. He asked all to pray to the
Holy Ghost against temptations.
The confirmation service was a really
beautiful spectacle. There were nearly
200 girls all dressed in white, pictures of
youthful innocence and purity.
They wore white veils and delicate
wreaths, while their hair was tied with
white satin ribbons. As ttiey passed down
the aisled and knelt before the grand hi 'h
altar, with its play of color and its bril
liancy, where the Archbishop, attended by
prie«ts and surrounded by acolytes in pur
ple, stood wailing to anoint them, an im
pressive sicht was witnessed.
These little girls seemed like so many
George U. Woodbury. the in. Year-Old Inventor of an Electric Bike and Builder
of an Engine and Boiler. The Boiler Carries 200 Pounds of Steam and
the Engine Can Develop 60 Horsepower
brides, and such indeed they were, being
wedded to their holy faith, in which
through the sacrament they became strong
and perfect. The boys were in black, with
white satin bows on their arms and white
gloves on their hands.
During the service the choir sang Him
mel's "Veni Creator." Very Rev. J. J.
I'rendergas.t directed.
NO BLANTHER.
The Police Have Absolutely No Idea
How to Catch the Supposed
Murderer.
Captain Lees and his detectives have
been hard at work for twenty-four hours
i-tamping circulars descriptive of J. E.
Bianther who is wanted for the murder of
.Mrs. Philipena Langfeldt over one week
ajro.
The circulars are nearly all made outu t in
Spanish and the $1000 reward offered by
Governor Budd for the capture and con
viction of the murderer is made a promi
nent feature.
The Spanish circulars are the same as
were distributed by post throughout this
State and Texas and they bear a reproduc
tion of the most recent photograph of
Bianther, published three days ago in The
Call. j
Excepting a few letters received by Cap
tain Lees yesterday from enthusiastic
Sheriffs and Constables in different parts
of the State 3aying they believed some one
looking like Bianther was In their neigh
borhood, nothing new has developed in
the case. Captain Lees and his men are as
deep in the dark as they were nine days
ago.
SWALLOWED LAUDUNUM
Mi - F. Lively of Sacramento Having
Nothing to I.i w> for Attempts to
Commit Suicide.
Mrs. F. Lively, about 30 years of age, at
tempted to commit suicide yesterday
morning by swallowing an ounce of
laudanum.
She came from Sacramento Saturday
night and engaged room 8 in the lodging
house, 921 Market street. Shortly after 7
o'clock yesterday morning she went to
the landfady's room and asked for a spoon
to take some medicine as she was suffer
ing from neuralgia. Hhe tot the spoon
and in a few minutes opened the door of
the landlady's room and threvy the spoon
inside remarking, "Excuse me, but I am
through."
About 11 o'clock the landlady bad occa
sion to go into Mrs. Lively's room and
found her in bed unconscious and breath
ing heavily. She notified the Receiving
Hospital and Mrs. Lively was taken there
in the ambulance. The usual remedies
were applied and she regained conscious
ness. Two "trusties" from the City
Prison kept her from sleeping till all dau
ger seemed to be past.
Mrs. Lively said she had been deserted
some time ago by her husband, who was
an employe of the Southern Pacific Com
pany in Sacramento, because he had got
tired of her. She had nothing to live for
and thought she would come here and
commit suicide. She paid $4 for the
week's rent of her room and was left with
25 cents.
NOT A BABE'S DIET.
Little Blitu Slilliimki Acquired f» Tatte
for Rouih-on-Kati.
Annie Shilinski, a 16-months-old babe,
crawled around her father's bakery yester
day and picked up a few pieces of bread
upon which some rough-on-rats had been
smeared.
The mother immediately administered
empties and the child was soon relieved.
Fearing, however, that the child might be
in further danger, the mother conveyed it
to the City Recoiving Hospital, where it
was found the child was in no danger.
KEW TO-DAT.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
This week's offerings are
all of the same high grades
as usual. i
Regular goods we have al-
ways handled and always
expect to handle, reputation
makers, friend creators,
business builders, every one
of them.
Tea —
We have the first of this year's
crop basket fired Japan tea (un-
colored)— rirst in America. Fresh
delicate danty in flavor, a rare
treat to tea drinkers who have a
double benefit in this reduced price.
Three tea specials this week.
Formosa Oolong, Basket fired (un-
colored) Japan and Assam Ceylon.
50c grades (3 lbs. $1) 35c
75c grades 60c
Frontier Rye Whiskey —
T. .. full qt9oc
regularly $1 25.
A very superior, maturely agea,
absolutely pure, copper distilled
whiskey.
Aged by natural fermentation.
Naglee California Brandy —
Distillate 1684 regularly $1 25
bot 90c
Distillate 1871 reg $1 50. . . .bot $1 10
The 1884 is a riesling brandy and
the 1871 is a burgundy grape," both
have chemist's analysis of con-
tents and distiller's label cork and
cap on each bottle. Their purity
ami wholesomeness are undisputed
Booth's Old Tom Gin—
bot 70c
regularly $1 00.
Glass stopper. Best imported.
Recommended by physicians for
affections of the bladder.
It is cooling to the blood in warm
weather.
Anheuser-Busch Malt Nu-
trine bot 20c
Manzanilla Olives., .gal 50c
regularly 65c.
Shrimps, Dunbar's Barataria
2 tins 35c
regularly, tin 25c.
For salads.
Figs preserved in syrup by Dunbar's Sons.
New Orleans-
Individual sized tins 3 tins 25c
Dried Peaches, regularly 10c 4 lbs 2oc
Pitted Plums, regularly 10c 4 lbs 25c
Send postal for catalogue ;
you'll find it useful, interest-
ing, money-saving.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOUNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
•lie Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Beaidence lt>2o
icll «v Telephone 'Tine" 2591.
THIS BOY IS A MECHANIC
George H. Woodbury, at Six
teen Years, Builds a
Launch.
His Strange, Bright Light Causes
Policemen to Prohibit Him From
Wheeling at Night.
George H. Woodbury, the 16-year-old
son of George E. Woodbury, manufact
urer of ore concentrators at 141 and 143
First street, has just performed a feat of
mechanical skill that would do credit to
one many years his senior.
It is not every boy that can design and
put up a boiler and engine complete in
all its workings and capable of propelling
a boat through the water from twelve to
fifteen miles an hour. This is what the
lad has accomplished.
Ever since he was able to know any
thing about machinery his whole time has
been devoted to it.
lie is at present a student at Anderson's
PreDaratory school at Sixteenth and
Guerrero htreets, preparing himself to
take the mining and civil engineering
course at the State University.
The boiler he has just constructed is of
the wat#r-tube pattern and generates a
pressure of 300 pounds of steam to the
square inch. The tubing of the boiler is
1 inch in diameter, thus allowing this high
pressure.
llPetroleum is used as a fuel, and when
the machinery is in motion it is run on
the surae principle as a naphtha engine,
large tanks of petroleum being stored in
lockers on each sice of the boat.
The engines are double and of the ver
tical fore-and-aft componnd type designed
to turn from 400 to <iOO revolutions a
minute and capable of developing from
?>0 to 60 horsepower, running with a 200
-pound pressure of steam.
Young Woodbury is thoroughly con
versant with all the workings of an en
trine, and can run one as intelligently as a
licensed engineer. He is now putting his
machinery into a launch which he had
built by George \V. Kneass. He expects
when everything is in working order that
the boat will beat anything of her size on
the bay. fche is 23 'feet Ion?, 4 feet beam
and 4 feet 6 inches deep, and is called the
Allegre. She is now lying at Long Bridge.
In addition to building engines and
boilers the boy is somewhat of _an in
ventor, and has got up an electric light for
a bicycle that can be out into successful
operation.
He has ridden with this contrivance at
tached to his own bike up Golden Gate
avenue several times, but every time he
appeared on the avenue the police invari
aoly drove him off, as the light resembled
a miniature lighthouse coming alone and
caused too many runaways.
The light would burn very steadily tor
six hours and throw its rays ahead of the
wheel for about fifteen feet.
On the two front forkb of tue machine
are placed large tubes tilled with oxygen.
On the handle-bars is another tube Died
with ether, and between the crossbars is
arranged a neat little battery. Wires con
nect with the oxygen tubes and the ether
and when in motion the wheel generates
_^^__ NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
SILKS! SILKS!
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT !
25,000 YARDS
NOVELTY SILKS
AT
ABOUT '/3 REGULAR 'PRICES!
We will offer to-morrow and follow-
ing days a special purchase of HIGH
NOVELTY SILKS, all new goods and
the very latest designs. These Silks
will be on exhibition in our show win-
dows and will range in prices from
25c to $1,25 per Yard.
Our customers will do well to take
advantage of this offering as the actual
value of the goods is from 75c to $3.00
per yard.
TELEPHONE 3UE.A.XN O'ZW.
ill, 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
AZMNYSf
IS THE VERY BKssV OXE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suo*
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Ollica Hours— l- to 4 p. If. ■
its own lieht. But a wheel equipped with
this contrivance is rather too heavy to be
practicable, .«o trie boy intends to eliminate
some of this weight and have a light on
his wheel that will show obstacles ahead.
"It is my natural bent to cultivate a
liking for machinery," said young Wood
bury yesterday. "My father followed a
machinist's vocation* and I naturally in
herit it from him. I built my engine 'and
boiler after school hours at my father's
shop and outside of a little help from some
of the men employed there everything is
of my own ciosign and construction. I
have been knocking around the shop from
the time I have been Dig enough to handle
tools, and as the men always showed me
things I naturally know a good deal about
a machinist's trade."
REV. FATHER RAMM.
He Tells St. Mary's Cathedral's Coi
gregation Why He Is a
Catholic.
There was a veiy large congregation in
St. Mary's Cathedral last night to listen .to
the Key. Father Ramm preach upon the
text "Why I am a Catholic."
In this the reverend father gave an in
teresting account of his bent for the clergy
and of his researches for the divine truth.
He dwelt at length upon the teachings of
the Episcopal church and reviewed the
teachings of the Church of England. He
then told of the Catholic church and
stated that it had always been the true ex
pounder of the word of God and that it
was the church that had never contradicted
itself, its belief being to-day what it was in
the first century of its existence; and it
was because he found it to be the true
church that he was a Catholic.
LADIES' AUXILIARY A. O. H.
.Mjirthu Washington Circle Xo. 1 Organ-
ized Yesterday.
Sunday afternoon, at Hibernia Hall, 120
Ninth street, there was a large attendance
of ladies to organize the first branch of the
Ladies' Auxiliary Ancient Order of Hiber
nians in the State.
In the East the Ladies' Auxiliary is a
very large body. It is organized in nearly
every State of the Union, and in some of
the States has thousands of members. The
objects of the auxiliary were stated to the
audience of ladies by Captain Jerome
Deasy, president of the county board
A. 0. H. Strong addresses were made by
Rev. Father Crowley, J. J. Donohue and
other members of the order.
Following the addresses a temporary or
ganization was perfected and tne follow
ing ladies were elected officers: President,
Mrs. Captain Deasy; vice-president, Mrs.
John Ryall, recording secretary, Miss
Essie Pnillips; financial secretary, Mrs.
Captain Wrin; treasurer, Mrs. Charles
Flanagan.
The motion to call the first branch of the
Auxiliary Martha Washington Circle No.
1 was carried unanimously.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion advised that the temporary officers
be made permanent for six months. Car
ried.
The committee on rules of order sub
mitted rules and by-laws, which were
adopted. Fully 100 names are on the roll
call of the circle.
The meeting was very enthusiastic
throughout. It adjourned to meet again
Wednesday; evening, when those ladies
THESCCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKBT SI
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
desiring to join should attend at Hibernia
Hall. _
• ♦ >
JOCKEY COFFEY SUSPENDED.
His Peculiar Ride on Zobair the Csn*
of the Kullng.
In the race won by Peru on Saturday
last, Zobair was a starter, ridden by
Jockey-trainer Jimmy Coffey. His hand
line: of the horse in the race looked just a
trifle queer, and after an investigation the
judges have suspended him.
Zobair carried Bookmaker Humphrey's
colors, and after opening in the betting at
4to 1 receded to 7. Following the usual
order of things in a matter of this kind
the bookmaker admits the ride looked bad,
but the| jockey will have to stand th«
brunt of the punishment.
The officials have also requested J. H.
Shields, owner of Scimitar, to be more
careful in future about the consistency of
the brown colt, who has dumped the talent
hard on several occasions of late.
NEW TO-DAT.
//Iff / ■
Wri '
j' !l ■■il
'-Tf u Tr- A Ti||jg/ |
We Californians are not so
far behind after all.
You paid $30 for this
cheval mirror when we had to
get it East. California makes
it now, and $12 buys it.
Same style, same wood,
same finish, same glass, same
everything except price —ri-
diculous !
French-plate mirror 20x50: dainty hand earr-
ing; well polished, Some oak, some maple, aoou
mahogany finish.
$12, no bevel on mirror.
$15, beveled mirror.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.