VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 10.
WESTERN MEN ARE AT WORK
Champions of Silver Lined
Up for Battle at St.
Louis.
FIRST COMES TARIFF.
Equal Protection to the Farmer
and Manufacturer Must
Be Assured.
PROSPERITY WILL THEN DAWN
Samuel M. Shortridge, Colonel Isaac
Trumbo and Other Leaders
Express Their Views.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 9.— lnterest in the
work of the National Republican Conven
tion, which will meet here next week, is
so keen that it is expected that at least
50,000 people from near and far will pour
into this tornado-swept city to be at the
political hurly-buriy and to see the great
manipulators, Clarkson, Hanna, Platt and
the rest, make their moves upon the
political chessboard. Business men of
sanguine temperament estimate the prob
able attendance at 100,000, and fears are
expected lest this city of 650,000 popula
tion may not be able to provide for them
all.
Several hundred buildings which lay in
tbe path of the terrific whirlwind of little
more than a week ago are uninhabitable",
and many are being torn down for safety.
This calamity, throwing so many resi
dents, for a time at least, ont of house and
home, and causing them to accept quar
ters with friends, has cramped the hotels
and lodging facilities, and prices in down
tuwn apartments have risen. But t:.e
committee of arrangements say that all
coiners will be housed and made welcome.
Not many delegates have yet arrived,
and the only signs of unwonied life about
the Southern Hotel and the Planters Hotel,
the lodging resorts of the political aris
tocracy, are by reason of the presence of
members of the National Convention and
a few stragglers. Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de
Young, Colonel and Mrs. Isaac Trumbo of
Utah, Samuel M. Siiortridge, T. P. Riordan
and Mrs. Clara Foltz, who left San Fmn-
Cisco last Thursday evening, arrived this
morning, the gentlemen being frequently
interviewed during the day by a swarm of
fc-t. Louis representatives.
It did not take long for the party to learn
on their arrival that the concensus of
opinion is that McKinley will have the
next thing to a walkover, and that he is
likely to be nominated on the first ballot.
The California delegation are pledged to
McKinley, and naturally the news put the
advance guard of Californians into high
spirits. Judge Thompson of Ohio has
been here for several days studying out tha
plan of battle and marshalling his forces.
This morning Joseph Smith arrived di
rect from McKinley headquarters from
Canton, Ohio. He reported that Major
McKinley was in hne health and spirits,
and he added that there was no doubt that
the major would be nominated on the first
ballot.
It is understood that many of the lead
ing silver men, including Colonel Isaac
Trumbo, will oppose McKinley's nomina
tion and will fight strenuously for the in
troductiou into the platform of a ItJ to 1
free-coinage plank. Among these is A. C.
Cleveland, the National Committeeman
and delegate-at-large from Nevada. Mr.
Cleveland remarked to-day that lie did not
think: that Mr. McKinley would receive
even one vote from tbe Isevadi delegation.
The delegation were strictly instructed to
work for free coinage, although that would
be unnecessary, and were not pledged for
any of the gentleman named in connection
with the Presidential nomination. Mr.
Cleveland would not admit that his dele
gation would bolt if a gold or sound
money plank should be adopted, but he
remarked significantly that California and
Nevada would declare for silver and would
go Democratic.
Mr. Cleveland is evidently mistaken
with regard to California. The issue ol
protecting the farmers, wool-raising, wine
and dried fruit producers is paramount in
the Golden State, as it is everywhere else
outside of those States and Territories
wiiose sole dependence is silver mining,
so that Californians will not prove untrue
to the Republican party so long as it
stands before the people as the sturdy
champion ol protection to American in
dustries.
The indications are that the convention
Jeorge H. Warfield and wife (formerly Miss Harriet Seawcll), Whose Marriage
Was the Most Brilliant Social Event of the Year at Healdsburg.
The San Francisco Call.
may adopt a bimetallic plank with a gold
lining, but not specially hostile or un
friendly to the freer use of silver.
All the conversations thus far had with
delegates and leading Republicans and the
voice of the press of the Mississippi Valley
are to the effect that the old party will
rally to the battle cry of protection.
S. M. Shortridge of San Francisco, when
interviewed by St. Louis reporters to-day,
said that the most pressing present need
of the people was to start the wheels of
industry going in the now idle factories
throughout the country and give employ
ment to the people, after which it would
be time enough to consider financial and
economic problems.
"When those great industries," added
Mr. fchortridge, "can stand erect and give
employment to every free American
laborer who is willing to work, it is well to
wait awhile after that and determine the
kind of money or how he should be paid."
In an interview for the St. Louis Dis
patch Mr. Sboatririge said that the ques
tion of the most overshadowing interest
in California was the tariff, and that pros
perity would come back to the American
people with the return of the Republican
party to power. It had always dealt suc
cessfully with every great problem that
had confronted the American people and
it could be trusted to deal justly and
wisely with the money and the tariff ques
tion.
The first thing to be done, he said, was
to revive the prostrate industries of the
Nation and to devise ways ana means to
give men and women employment, to give
work to the idle hands throughout this
country. The first thing of importance is
tne tariff issue which will in a measure
solve most of the other economic diffi
culties.
Colonel Trumbo vigorously declared
himself to-day as being for silver first and
a duty on lead and wool afterwards. He
declared that the Eastern manufacturers
wonted wool that they mignt buy the
native product cheaper of the farmers.
The farmer who grows the wool is en
titled to the same degree of protection as
is the manufacturer of Massachusetts.
The speaker declared that if Mr. McKin
ley should be nominated on a sound
money platform he would be beaten in
Indiana and Illinois and would be given
such a close rub in his own State that the
result would be known only after the bal
lots had been counted.
Ex-Governor Powell Clayton of Arkan
sas said that Mr. McKinley would be nomi
nated on the first ballot. He was of the
opinion that it would be a mistake to de
clare for bimetallism conditioned upon in
ternational agreement. He favored the
present monetary standard and only such
limitation in the coinage of silver as will
be necessary to maintain it on a parity
with gold. He favored the present ratio
of 32 10 I.
The National Committee will meet at
noon to-morrow in executive session to
take steps toward the consideration of the
170 contested cases. It is expected that
the committee will remain in session up to
the time set for the opening of the con
vention.
A. M. Hanna, Mr. McKinley's manager,
will be here in 1 the morning.
John Paul Cosgbavk.
I— »
PACIFIC MEN ACTIVE
They Will Urge Grant for the Vice-
Presidency.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 9.— This city is
to-night camping in the camp-ground 01 a
great army on the eve of battle. The Mc-
Kinley hosts, overpowering in numbers
and confident of victory, await the issue
complacently. The outlying camps, dedi
cated to 'favorite sons," have but the
shadowy hope that something unforseen
may happen to turn the tide of battle in
their favor. The Reed men, the Allison
men and, in fact, all other than McKinley
men, refuse to give a roster of their pledged
delegates, and refer vaguely to breaks on
the second ballot.
Lieutenants of the Ohioan answer this
by saying there will be no second ballot.
There was some gossip afloat late this
evening touching combinations to prolong
the contest, but all efforts to resolve this
to a certainty met with the reply, "Wait
until Manley gets here."
One unpleasant feature that promised to
embarrass the local committees of enter
tainment is happily arranged to the satis
faction of all. The negro delegated upon
their arrival will find good quarters pro
vided for them and prompt and civil at
tention at a first-class hotel. Judge Long
of Florida and Commiiteeman Hill of
Mississippi received these assurances to
night and expressed themselves satisfied.
These gentlemen came in advance of their
delegations, and discovered that through
some misunderstanding their colored dele
gates were not provided for, but are now
satisfied that the local committees will
carry out every promise. The prominent
arrivals to-day included Joseph H. Manley
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JUNE 10, 1896.
of Maine, Senator Gear of lowa, Senator
Hansbrough of North Dakota, Senator
Shoup of Idaho, Chairman Thomas H.
Carter of Montana, S. M. Shortridge and
M. H. de Young of California, Colonel
isaac Trumbo and P. H. Lannan of Utah,
J. S. Hammer, National Committeeman
from Indian Territory, Wright Cuney,
delegate-at-large from Texas; J. H. Lynch,
delegate-at-large from Mississippi; T. D.
Riordan of California, Powell Clayton,
National Committeeman from Arkansas;
N. B. Scott of West Virginia, Isaac M. Pot
ter of Rhode Island, W. R. Hearst of Cali
fornia and A. C. Cleveland of Nevada.
Chairman Manley was visited to-night
by scores of politicians, ail eager to press
claims of various sorts, but Mr. Manley
pleaded fatigue from his long journey and
retired eariy.
Among bis callers was ex-Congressman
Nathan Frank of St. Louis, who is a con
testing candidate from the Twelfth Mis
souri District. The decision of the com
mittee in regard to the claims of the dele
gates from this district will decide the Na
tional committeemanship of Missouri in
all probability. The contesting delega
tions are respectfully friendly — one to
Chauncey I. Fiiley, the other to Richard
C. Kerens. There are thirty-four dele
cates from Missouri — nineteen necessary
to a choice — and Kerens claims to have the
pledges of seventeen of them.
Western men are largely in evidence to
night and their views on the all-absorbing
topics — the nominee and the finance
plant — are highly interesting. Colonel
Isaac Tr'imbo of Salt Lake City, delegate
at large from Utah, said :
"We of tbe West have become convinced
that the Republican party is controlled by
the lead trust and the Eastern manufac
turers. The time has come to put the
party back in the hands of the common
people. For years we have braved the
heat of the East and have fought the bat
tles of tue Republicans without asking
anything in return. The only thing we
ever got to offstand the temperature was
when the people of the great East gave us
Harrison for President. Our fight is
plain. We are for silver first and for a
duty on lead and wool. We want lead
and wool for the West and silver for the
whole country.
"The Eastern manufacturers are no
longer sincere in their advocation of pro
tection. They want free wool so they can
buy it cheap at the expense of the farmer,
but they insist that the manufactured
product shall be protected 30 that they
may seenre high prices for their goods.
Our claim is that the farmer who grows
the wool is entitled to the same degree of
protection that is given the manufactur
ers of Massachusetts.' 1
"Will you bolt in case a silver plank is
not adopted?"
"That is a matter for future considera
tion. Thus far we have believed that we
could fight the matter out within our party
lines, but if we fail we may be compelled
to adopt some other course out of self
protection."
"Suppose McKinley is nominated on a
sound-money platform, whal then?"
"He would be beaten in Indiana and Illi
nois and would be given such a close rub
in his own State that the result would be
known only after the ballots were
counted.''
"Could McKinley or any other Republi
can be elected on a sound-money plat
form?"
"No! most emphatically no! Every
Western State, with the possible exception
of Oregon, would go Democratic, and that
combined with the vote of the South
would sweep the Republicans to certain
defea t."
"Who will Utah support for the nomi
nation?"
"I imagine that her vote will be cast for
Teller. Nealy all the votes of the silver
States, I think, will go to him. My im
pression now is that he will have nearly
forty votes on the first ballot. iJtah, Colo
rado and Idaho will certainly support him,
and there is a move on foot to get all the
mining States to act in concert."
Samuel M. Shortridge of San Francisco
said:
"The Calif rnia delegation is here prim
arily to do what it can for California and
the Pacific Coast, and if we may offer ad
vice to the party, we hope to promote the
interests of the whole country. lam but
one of eighteen delegates from California;
but I know each and every one of them,
A BAD CASE OF INDIGESTION.
and I know that each of them is
pledged to carry out the wishes of the Re
publicans of California as expressed in our
recent State platform. That platform en
joined upon us the duty of voting and
working and doing everything in honor to
bring about the nomination of McKinley.
And every delegate will do all that is in
his power to compass that result."
"We were next enjoined to advance the
cause of silver, and this we shall do to the
utmost of our ability. Next, the Repub
licans of California think the time has
come when the Pacific Coast should have
a place in the Cabinet, and naturally we
think that California should furnish the
man for the place. We ask the Repub
licans of New England of *he great Kast
and perhaps of tbe greater Mississippi
Valley to concede the justice and propriety
of California's desire in this matter. So
the California delegation is here to ask at
tne hands of the Republican nominee,
who in my judgment will be the next
President, this recognition.
"I am sure that at present the money
question is absorbing public attention,
perhaps to the exclusion of the tariff, but
speaking for myself I believe the tariff is
and will be the great, paramount and con
trolling issue of the campaign. This is a
question that goes directly to the homes
and firesides of the whole American peo
ple, East and West, North and South.
"We Cahfornians believe that protection
walks hand in hand with patriotism and
prosperity. What the prostrate and almost
helplessly ruined industries of this coun
try want is the return of the Republican
party to power and the restoration of a
genuine American protective tariff, and it
is because Californians look upon McKin
ley as the personification of protection,
and it is because of his close identification
with tbe protective tariff, that California is
for Major McKinley for President."
M. H. de Young of California had this to
say:
"The delegates from the silver States
are very determined in their desire to ad
vance the interests of silver. They want
the right to have free coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. Some of them are very
radical and talk about leaving the conven
tion in case they fail to have their views
adopted. This action will not be general.
"It is generally known that Colorado,
under the leadership of Teller, proposes to
walk out of the convention. The silver
men, especially Colorado, Montana and
other States where silver is an important
factor, think that if Teller would be nom
inated by the Democratic party in Chicago
there would be no questio n of his indorse
ment by the two conventions that meet in
St. Louis on July 22. That is, the silver
party convention and the Populist part}'.
In fact it is an understanding already
made and agreed to that both of these
conventions will indorse the nomination
of Teller. I think if Teller leaves the con
vention Montana and Idaho will promptly
follow. Utah as a whole will not."
A. C. Cleveland, National Committee
man from Nevada, was one of the arrivals
this afternoon.
"We are here," he said, "to fignt to the
bitter end for silver. We expect defeat,
but we shall fight just the same. If the
party does nothing for us, they must ex
pect defeat in Nevada. The Nevada dele
gation, I feel sure, will remain in the con
vention. There is nothing to be gained
by starting a third party. If the gold
standard is adopted here and free silver
men win at Chicago, the result will be an
overwhelming victory for the Democrats
in Nevada."
P. H. Launan, publisher of the Salt
Lake Tribune, is a guest of the Southern,
and, while not a delegate, is rnucn inter
ested in the convention.
"We arc for free silver first, last and all
the time," said Mr. Lannan :his evening.
"The people here i:i the East have a.much
mistaken idea of us out there in the West.
They regard our siiver ideas as selfish
ones, but I assure you they are not. It
costs about $12 a ton to mine and treat
silver, whereas it costs only $2 50 to do the
same for gold. Let us pass the free coin
age of silver measure and business will
revive all over the country, idle labor will
be employed and bard times will be a
thing of the past. This does not apply
only ti Utah, Colorado, California and
other Pacific Coast States, but to every
State in the Union."
Continued on Third Page.
WEDDED AT HEALDSBURG
George H. Warfield and Miss
Harriet Seawell Become
Life Partners.
Brilliant Ceremony in Parlors Deco
rated With Pink and White
Blossoms.
HEALDSBURG, Cal.,; June 9. — The
words which. united in marriage George H.
Warfield, cashier of the Farmers' and Me
chanics' Bank |of \ Healdsburg, and Miss
Harriet Seawell, one of Sonoma's fairest
and most popular daughters, were pro
nounced at high noon to-day. The cere
mony was solemnized at the residence of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. James
W. Seawell, on North street. The pretty
home had been beautifully decorated with
pin and white flowers — St. Joseph lilies,
magn olia and sweet-pea blossoms inter
mingled with smilax and dainty ferns.
The decorations of the parlors in which
the ceremony was performed were entirely
of St. Joseph lilies and magnolia blos
soms, whose purity was shown to decided
advantage when blending with sprays of
sm ilax and rare -ferns.
The marriage ritual was read by Rev.
John T. Shurtleff of Santa Rosa in ah im
pressive manner.
Miss Dorothy Tungate, a niece of Judge
Murphy of San Francisco, was the maid of
honor, while Emerson Warfield. the
eroom's brother, was best man, and Walter
Seawell, the bride's brother, groomsman.
The bride, a beautiful blonde, wa3 ar
rayed in an elegant bridal robe of white
brocade silk. Her luxuriant golden hair
was dressed in exquisite taste and carried
her favorite flower, a magnolia blossom.
The ma id of honor. Miss Tungate, was cos
tumed in a pretty gown of white.
After the ceremony a wedding bre akfast
was served. Shortly afterward the bride
slipped away and donned her traveling
suit— a pretty effect in navy blue—prepar
atory to her departure with her husband
on the afternoon train.
Mr. and Mrs. Warfield will spend a
month or more at Del Monte and Santa
Cruz, and on their return will reside in
HeaMsburj:.
The groom is a son of Colonel A. H.
Warfield, proprietor of the California
Hotel, San Francisco, and one of the mo^S
energetic and prominent members of
business and social circles here. His
bride, formerly a pupil at Mnie. Ziska's
institute, is a general favorite in society
circles and a charming and accomplished
young lady.
THREE MURDERERS DIE
Men Who Took Life in Order, to
Secure Booty Pay the
Death Penalty.
Completion of the Executions Indi
cated by Hoisting Black Flags
at Newgate.
LONDON, Eng., June 9.— William Sea
man, Henry Fowler and Albert Millsom,
who were convicted of murder at the May
sittings of the Central Criminal Court,
London, were hanged together at New
gate Prison at 9 o'clock this morning.
The executions were private, their com
pletion being indicated by the hoisting of
a black flag outside the prison. Large
crowds gathered in the streets and the
low-class saloons in the vicinity of the
prison were busy, but orderly. There was
s-ome cheering in the crowd when the
black flng was hoisted.
William Seaman battered to death an
old Jew, John Levy, aged 75, in his own
house in Whitechapel at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon of Saturday, April 4, and after
ward murdered his housekeeper, a woman
named Gale, by cutting her throat. Levy,
who was a retired leather-dealer, kept his
money in gold in his house, and Seaman,
when he entered the house, thought its in
mates would be at the Synagogue. He
was seen climbing on tbe roof and a huge
cry was raised. He jumped from a wall
in trying to escape and injured himself.
Henry Fowler and Albert Millsom broke
into Muswell Lodge, in the northwestern
district of London, on the night of Feb
ruary 1, and murdered itß owner, Henry
Smith, a retired engineer, aged 75, who led
the life of a recluse, performing even his
own domestic duties. They got away
with £600 in sovereigns, and were not
capturea until after a police chase of two
months. Fowler, a powerful, ferocious
ruffian, made a desperate struggle for free
dom and had to be strapped to a stretcher
to be taken to the stand. At the end of
the trial he made a murderous attack on
his companion, Millsom, who made a con
fession admitting the burglary and blam
ing Fowler for the murder. Fowler lifted
Millsom off his feet by the hair and dashed
him to the floor and almost smashed the
dock to pieces before he was overpowered
and dragged below by eight policemen.
Mrs. Annie Dyer, aged 58, the Reading
baby-farmer, who was convicted of having
murdered a number of infants, the bodies
of some of whom were found in the river,
will be hangod in Newgate to-morrow.
GOING DISCOUNT SUDLEY
Miss May Gore'M Breach of Promise
Case on Trial.
LONDON, Eng., June B.— An exceed
ingly interesting breach of promise case is
now being tried in the High Court of tha
Queen's Bench before Lord Chief Justice
Ruisell and a jury. The action is that of
Miss May Gore, who is suing Viscount
Sudley. the heir of the Earl of Arran, for
breach of promise of marriage, claiming
£15,000 damages. The plaintiff's lawyer
in court to-iJay said that the plaintiff was
Viscount Sudley's mistress from 1889 until
1892, after which period he paid her £500,
she signing a document releasing him
from all causes of action. Subsequently
Miss Gore lived under the protection of
another heir to a peerage, and Viscount
Sudley learning of this tried to induce her
to return to him, promising to marry her
if she would do so. On the stand Vis
count Sudley denied that he had ever
promised to marry the girl.
LOSS OF THE GOLDEN FLEECE.
TJie Steamer Abandoned After It Com'
menced to Sink.
LONDON, Eng., June 9.— A cablegram
received here from Jamaica states that the
British steamer Golden Fleece from New
York for Kingston, before reported ashore
n»>ar Morant, jettisoned a portion of her
cargo, but the work of lightering was
stopped when she was found to be sinking.
She had eighteen feet of water in her hold
last night. She will be a total loss. None
of tbe crew was lost. The Golden Fleece
was formerly the steamer Lake Nepigon.
She was built in 1895 and was owned by
the Argonaut Steamship Company (lim
ited) of Scotland. She was 321 feet 1 inch
long, 35 feet 2 inches beam and 25 feet 9
inches deep.
Lout of a Mission Vessel.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. June 9.— lnformation
has been received here of the loss of the
French mission vessel St. Pierre. The
ship was wrecked at Island Head, near
Cape St. Marys. The crew was rescued
and safely landed at Placentia. Rev.
Father Hamon, the priest on board, had a
remarkable escape.
BLOWN INTO SMALL SPLINTERS.
Eighteen Houses in the Town of Wyeth
City, Alabama, Wrecked by
a Cyclone.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., June 9.— The
little town of Wyeth City, in Marshall
County, some thirty miles west of Gads
den, with a population of about 300 souls,
was completely wrecked at 11 o'clock this
morning by a cyclone. Eighteen houses
were destroyed. The cyclone lasted fully
five minutes and then passed in a north
easterly direction. Fifteen persons are
wounded, six fatally.
Mrs. Picketts and a man named Bundby
were badly hurt and will die. Mrs. Clark,
Mrs. Brown and several children will prob
ably die. The path of the cyclone was al
most 100 yards wide. Several persons are
missing, and it is probable that they will
be found dead. Ed Long and an unknown
woman were killed by lightning.
IN THE HEART OF CHICAGO.
Daring Burglars Jtaid a Bakery, Blow
Open a Safe and Secure liich Booty.
CHICAGO, 111., June 9.— Four men to- |
night held up the watchman of a bakery j
on Lake street, a few door 3 from Chicago's i
principal thoroughfare, State street, and
took about $1000 from tbe safe which he
was guarding. Shortly after 11 o'clock
four men knocked on the door of the j
Cafeteria Catering Company, 40 Lake
street, and the watchman, thinking they
were bakers employed by the company,
opened the doors and admitted them.
Once inside the men seized and bound the j
watchman, and after gagging him, blew j
open the safe and took therefrom nearly
$1000. The police have no clew and give
out no particulars.
Inxen'H Cold Wave.
BURLINGTON, lowa, June 9.— A cold
wave struck here to-day. The mercury
has fallen to 50 to-nizht and it is growing
colder. A fall of 60 degrees has been
shown in thirty-six hours.
KERN COUNTY'S STATELY COURTHOUSE, AS REBUILT.
[From a photograph by R. S. Hale.]
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
EGGS CAST AT
IDAHO'S CHIEF
Governor McConnell the
Victim of a Woman's
Wrath.
ASSAILED ON A STREET.
Mrs. Lasher's Fierce Bombard
ment With Ancient Fruit of
the Hennery.
SHE THROWS AND HE DODGES.
Poor Markswomanship Loses the Day
for the Valiant Attacking
Party.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 9.— An irate
woman bombarded Governor McConnell
of Idaho with eggs of ancient lineage, at
Burke, Idaho, Saturday night. That the
executive is still wearing the raiment ii;
which he was then clad is due to the
time-honored precedent established by
Eve when she threw the first stone in the
garden of Eden. Tne Governor was more
skillful at dodging than the woman was at
i casting eggs toward a given center.
Mrs. Welis Lasher, the wife of a striker
who figured prominently m the Coeur
d'Alene troubles several years ago, haa
borne a grudge against the Governor be
cause he sent troops into Coeur d'Alene at
that time. She lias long boasted she would
I get even. Governor McConnell and suite
j were in Burke on political business on
j Saturday, and Mrs, Lusher went forth to
j do him battle.
Armed with fruit of the hennery that
should have been plucked, lo! many
years ago, she sallied forth. Meeting Gov
ernor McConnell and several friends on a
main street, she began the bombardment.
The Governor, simultaneously, began to
dodge. When ;-he found that she was not
a good marksman, and the first lot of am
munition had failed to bring down the de
sired game, Mrs. Lasher went back to her
cabin after more; but the Governor con
cluded that he had urgent business in
Wallace and left town before she returned.
When asked to-night if he had anything
to say about the matter Governor McCon
nell refused to talk. He is much chagrined
to find that the episode has become public
property.
KERN'S FINE COURTHOUSE
County Supervisors Will Accept
the Completed Structure
To-Day.
A Stately Building in Which Public
Servants Will Make Their
Home.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 9.— The
Kern County Supervisors to-day examined
the completed county courthouse, and the
magnificent structure will be accepted to
morrow.
Although the courthouse is called a new
building it is not realiy so, the present
structure being an addition to the old one,
which had long since proved inadequate to
the needs of this county. Yet 30 deftly
has the old building been combined with
the new that from almost every stand
point tne appearance is that of an en
tirely new structure.
The old courthouse, which did duty for
two decades, was completed in 1876. It wag
commenced in 1874, the California Bridge
Company of San Francisco being the
builders, and it cost $29,999. Two years
ago a bond election was held in this
county, among other projects involved be
ing the repairing and rebuilding of the
courthouse — something which had become
jan imperative necessity. The bonds were
carried by a large majority. Bids were ad
vertised for and D. Kilpatrick was the
lucky one, his offer being $53,683. Owing
to delay in delivering the material work
has been greatly hindered, but the county
i has got a fine building for a very moderate
I price. This does not include the furnish
ing and carpeting, which will cost about
$10,000 additional.
The curved wing on the rient is to be
used as the ball of records. The old court
house grounds were covered wilh a dense
growth of trees, but these have all been
removed, and the new building stands in
the center of a great lawn, which will be
embellished with flower-beds. Just to the
rear is the new iail and Sheriff's office,
which has been in use a little over a year.2
LEGISLATIVE WORK
DONE BY CONGRESS
Satisfactory Progress in
Clearing Up Odds and
Ends.
CONFERENCE REPORTS.
Compromises Made in Indian
Appropriations and Naval
Construction.
GENERAL SHERMAN'S STATUE.
Walcott's Resolution Directing an In-
vestigation of the Contract
Meets Defeat.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 9.— Very
satisfactory progress in clearing up the
odds and ends of the legislative wort of
the session was made by the Senate to
day. Final conference reports on t^e na
val appropriation and on the Indian ap
propriation bills were presented and
agreed to. In the naval bill a compromise
was made reducing the number of new bat
tle-ships to three and directing that no con
tracts shall b.^ made for armor plate until
after the Secretary of tho Navy bhall have
inquired into the cost of manufacture and
shall have made a report to Congress. The
question of contract schools in the Indian
bill was compromised on the basis of al
lowing them (where there are no other
schools to take their place) during the fis
cal year 1897.
A resolution which had been offered
yesterday by Wolcott of Colorado respect
ing the erection of an equestrian statue to
General William T. Sherman in the City
of Washington was taken up and discussed
for nearly two nours. It directed an in
quiry by the Committee on Library into
the facts and circumstances of the contract,
and requested the Secretary of War to sus
pend its execution till next session. The
resolution was defeated. The bill in rela
tion to contempts of court, reported from
the Judiciary Committee by Hill of New
York, was taken up, discussed for some
time and then allowed to be set aside in
formally so other business might be taken
up.
The bill increasing from $10 to $60 a
month the pension of Francis E. Hoover,
which was vetoed by the Presieent and
afterward passed by the House over the
President's veto, was taken up anu dis
cussed, but when the Senate came to vote
on its passage it turned out that there was
no voting quorum in the chamber and
then at 5:40 o clock the Senate adjourned
until to-morrow.
SESSION OF THE RUGSE
tourh lime in Considering <t Voted Elec-
tion Contest.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 9.— On the
day before that on which Coi.eress is con
fidently expected to finally adjourn for
the session the House spent six and a half
hours in the consideration of a contested
election case— T. H. Aldrich (R.) vs. Oscar
W. Underwood (D.) from the Ninth Ala
bama District. It was the unfinished
business when the House reassembled at
10 o'clock in further continuance of the
legislative day of Saturday, the pending
question being the motion of Daniels (R.)
of New York to lay on the tab^e the mo
tion by Owens (D.) of Kentucky to recon
sider the vote by which on Monday the
House decided to consider the case.
There being no quorum present at that
time it was decided by tLie Republican
leaders to enforce for the first time the
Tucker rule, incorporated into the code of
the Fifth-fourth Congress. Before all its
features, especially that by which tbe
Sergeant-at-arms produces absent mem
bers, were brought into play, however, a
quorum appeared and the discussion was
betuin. It was participated in by Daniels
(R.) of New York and Linney (R.) of
North Carolina in favor of the contestant
and Underwood and Stallings (D.) of Ala
bama in favor of the contestee. There
was considerable Republican opposition to
the recommendation of the committee and
the resolution declaring Aldrich entitled
to his seat was agreed to by less than ten
majority, the vote being 116 ayes, 107
noes. Aldrich was sworn in.
The final conference reports on the In
dian and naval bills were agreed to amid
applause.
The report of the conferees upon the
sundry civil appropriation, a final agree
ment as to all matters in dispute, except
the public building appropriation, was
agreed to. The House voted to insist upon
its disagreement to these except as to that
for the building at Savannah, Ga., but by
a vcte of 96 to 91 agreed to it.
The House disagreed to the Senate
amendment to the urgent deficiency bill,
giving to every employe on the rolls De
cember 2. 1895, and since discharged, a
month's salary.
The rules were suspended, and a bill
passed to put into operation the recom
mendation of the international conference
for preventing collisions at sea.
A resolution reported from the Commit
tee on Accounts was agreed to, authoriz
ing the Speaker to appoint a special com
mittee of fiv<- to sit during recess to in
vestigate the charges of mismanagement
against the Leavenworth Soldiers' Home
and appropriating $3000 for its expenses.
At 7 o'clock a still further recess was
taken until 10 o'clock to-morrow.
BONDAMES ARE RESPONSIBLE
Must Guarantee the Departure of Chi-
nete t c in Transit.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 9.— The Cus
tom-house Collector at Malone, in tbe
northern part of this State, has reported
that, while the number of Chinamen pass
ing through that port to Canada was the
same as the number of tickets issued, yet
the descriptions of the men did not tally
with the men bearing the tickets. This
was a matter he could not understand,
and he therefore requested that the bonds
for the genuine passage of these
Chinese through the Uuited States be cau
ceied.
It appears that the majority of these
Chinese come from Cuba and Mexico. To
obtain permission to paes through tbe
United States ou their way to the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad, and thence via Van
couver to China, they roust produce the
bond for $200 of some reputable person
that they are genuine travelers, and they
are allowed twenty days to do the trip.
A ticket is then piven to them, which is
stamped in several places by the Custom
house inspector, and a description of the
bearer is attached thereto. It being im
possible to put a mark on the Chinese, he
must tally with the description aUached to
his ticket.
The number of tickets issued is then
sent to the collector at the port of exit,
which is Malone, in the PlattsDurit district
of this State. The men have not always
tallied with their description, and consid
erable confusion has consequently arisen.
The explanation given is that when these
men stop off at any port their tickets are
taken up and held" in charge by their
quid ". When they are ready to move on
the tickets are redistributed, often quite
indiscriminately, the wrong men getting
the tickets.
To obviate this confusion the Secretary
of the Treasury has advised, on the sug
gestion of the District Attorney of this
State, that the person giving bonds shall
be made responsible for the transit of the
Chinese, and shall furnish proof that the
men have really left the country. This
will at once be put into practice, and in
future all bonds will be drawn up with a
proviso to that effect.
FLOATED IN ENGLAND
Stock for a Biff Irrigation Company
J* Ittsposed Of.
FORT WORTH, Tex., June 9.— Advices
have been received here from London that
the stock of the Rio Grande Irrigation and
Land Company (Limited) has been suc
cessfully floated, capital £500,000. The
English company has acquired tbe rights
of the Rio Grande Dam and Irrigation
Company ct New Mexico.
Tne completion of the system of canals
now actually under construction will Dring
230.000 acres of valley land under ditch,
and a high-levef canaTthatcan be econom
ically constructed will brin« over 300,000
more. The lands tliat are to be irri^aed
are between Engle, N. M., and Fort Quit
man, Tex., and are fine for grain, fruit,
vine and raisin growing. The climate i 3
good.
NATO`S DEATH MOURNED
Impressive Services Held Before Me Re-
main* litre Shipped.
OMAHA, Nebb., June 9. — Impressive
services were held to-day over the remains
of Frank Mayo, the actor who died on the
train yesterday en route from Denver to
this city, and this evening the body was
sent to Philadelphia for burial.
Mr. Mayo was a member of the Order of
Elks during his lifetime and the services
were conducted by the local lodge in the
lodgeroom. Members of the Roland Reed
company were present, as well as those of
Mr. Mayo's own company. Primrose and
West's male quartet sang. The entire
membership of the local lodge acted as
escort to the train.
PEARL BRYAN'S MURDER
Evidence Given to Support the
Defense of Alonzo
Walling.
Rather Ghastly Testimony Given by
a Doctor Relating to Decapi
tation.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. June 9.— When the
Walling trial was resumed this morning
the prosecution asked to have Walling re
called, but the court refused, saying that
the State was through with the witness,
having been allowed ample time to con
clude his examination yesterday after
noon. The State excepted to this ruling.
The defense then introduced David Locke,
ex-Chief of Police of Newport, a witness
who was among the first at tiie scene of
the murder. Locke said that what he had
first thought to be blood upon the privet
bushes he afterward found to be rust
stains, natural to the plant. He described
the tracks at the place. Walhng's shoes
could not have made the tracks.
A number of depositions of Greenfield
(Ind.) people and several from officials of
the Indiana Dental College, at. Indian
apolis, were read to show that Walling
bore a good character. Dr. Wey of the
Cincinnati Dental Colieee said Walling
was at the college Thursday and Saturday
evenings, but not on Friday, the night of
the murder. He was not required to be
present on Friday.
Dr. Devis testified that the slight retrac
tion of the muscles of the neck indicated
that decapitation had been done after
death. William Abbott, who embalmed
the body, was called. He swore that he
took a quart of blood from the body, and
that he also found a puncture of a hypo
dermic needle under the left breast.
Dr. Edwin F. Landy of Cincinnati testi
fied as to the retraction of the muscles
about the neck. He had taken interest in
the subject on account of the discussion
in Jackson's trial and made several ex
periments on bodies soon after death.
These went to convince him that the de
capitation of .Fearl Bryan was made when
the muscles were beginning to lose their
rigidity after death. The witness said
that it would be a difficult and tedious
task to cut off a human head in the dark
ness unless the head were hacked off.
The witness said he had killed a live sheep
to determine how far blood would spurt
when the head was cut off with a sharp
knife. When he beheaded the animal the
doctor stood on a sheet of paper perhaps
six feet square to show how far the blood
would spurt. The witness unrolled the
sheet of paper. The paper was covered
with blood. He believed blood from a
person beheaded alive would spurt ten
feet. A number of depositions used in the
Jackson trial were read and court ad
journed at 5:30 p. m.
Safe of the Anaconda.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 9.— lt is
learned the sale of the Anaconda Copper
Company's stock reported yesterday com
prises the holdings of the Hearst estate,
i! 70,000 shares of stock, which were pur
chased by the Rothschild Exploration
Company and Cassel synoitate. It is un
derstood that considerable premium was
paid. The total amount supposed to be
drawn against this purchase is upward of
$7,000,000, but Messrs. Kuhn, Loeb & Co.,
who have financed tne transaction, say
that some exchange has already been
drawn. The bulk will come on tne market
gradually and not for some time.
iti-nth of General Gray.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 9.— General
John B. Gray, vice-president of the Ameri
can BraKebeam Company, now a depart
ment of the Westinghouse Airbrake Com
pany, died in AsheviUe, N. C, last Satur
day night of a malady supposed to have
been Bright' s disease. He was a native of
Sheridan, N. V., and was 65 years. old. He
gained his title of general during the Civil
War.
Mutt Wait Itn/ular Session.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., June 9.—Gov
ernor Stone to-day notified Mayor Wal
bririge of Bt. Louis that his request for a
special session of the Legislature to appro
priate money for the reconstruction of the
municipal and State institutions damaged
by the tornado was denied. Governor
Stone says the necessity is not so great
but that "it can wait for the regular session.
Thrown and Killed.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 9.— Benny
Vaile, who was riding the erratic brute, Al
Watts, at the races this afternoon, was
thrown and killed. The horse broke his
neck.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, l»yt>.
CARLISLE TELLS
OF BOND SALES
Replies to Inquiries of the
Senate Investigating
Committee.
THAT FLOW OF GOLD.
The Secretary Dates the Begin
ning of the Trouble Back
to Harrison's Term.
EXCESS OF THE WITHDKAWALS.
Very Plausible Excuses Made for the
Frequent Issues of Interest.
Bearing Bonds.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.— The
Senate Committee on Finance this morn
ing discussed the proposed investigation
of the sale of bonds which is ordered
under the Senate resolution, and finally
decided that the investigation should be
open to the public.
The reply of Secretary Carlisle to the
inquiries of the committee charged with
the investigation of the sale of bonds of
the United States in the years 1894-95-96
was made public this evening.
The Secretary traces the beginning o'
the trouble back to ths closing year of
President Harrison's administration and
brings the history down to Mr. Cleveland's
first issue of bonds in the following state
ment:
"Largely on account of apprehensions
in the country and abroad as to the ability
of the Government of tbe United States to
continue tbe current redemption of its
notes in gold coin and maintain the
parity of the two metals, the exports of
gold during the fiscal year 18!)3, which
closed June 30, 1893, reached the unprece
dent amount of $108,680,844, nearly all of
which was withdrawn from the public
treasury by the presentation of notes for
redemption.
"During the three months next preced
ing the 7th day of March, 1893, when I
assumed control of this department, the
withdrawals of gold from the treasury
amounted to $35,563,093, while the exports
amounted to $39,709,730, and during the
eight months ne-xt succeeding that date
the withdrawals amounted to $50,197,219,
while the exports amounted to $39,959,529,
showing an excess of withdrawals over ex
ports to the amount of $10,237,960. Thes>e
withdrawals and shipments began on a
large scale in June, 1893. the last month of
the fiscal year 1892, and continued with
only short periods of intermission until
the close of the fiscal year 1893. On the
31st day of December, 1892, the free gold
in the treasury amounted to $121,266,662 29,
but by January 31, 1893, it had been re
duced to $108,181,7:3 53, and on the 28th
of February it had fallen to $103,284,218 91,
or only $3,284,218 9l in excess of tne lawful
reserve. The reserve fund would have
fallen below $100,000,000 before March,
1893, if my predecessor in office had not
effected arrangements in January and
February by which the sum of $8,250,000
in gold wi»B procured from certain bankers
in New York in exchange for United
States notes and otherwise.
"During each of the months of No
vember and December, 1892. and January
and February, 1893, the public expendi
tures exceeded the receipts, the total de
ficiency for the four months being $5,810,
-548 52, and on the 7th day of March, 1893,
the available cash balance in the treasury
was $124,613,810, which includes $100,982,
-410 in gold, or $982,410 in excess of the
lawful reserve, but, by making exchanges
in currency for gold with the banks in
different parts of the country, the amount
was increased to $107,462,682 on the 25th of
that month, although large withdrawals
were made in the interval. Notwith
standing the most strepuous efforts by the
department to maintain the $100,000,000
res'rve intact, the presentation of notes
for redemption to procure gold for ship
ment abroad continued to such an extent
that on the 22d day of April, 1893, for the
first time since the fund was established
it became necessary to use a part of it for
redemption purposes, and it was reduced
to $95,432,357, but it was afterwards in
creased by exchanges of other forms of
currency for gold, so that on the 10th day
of August it had been fully restored and
there was on hand $103,683,290 in free gold,
but by December 30, 1893, it had fallen to
$80,861,601 13, and was reduced on the 17th
day of January, 1894, to the sum of $69,
-757,824.
"The cash balance then in the treasury,
excluding the current liabilities, bui in
cluding the gold reserve and all subsidiary
and minor coin, was only $83,961,402. Very
little gold was being received on account
of duties to the Government, and it was
therefore impossible to increase the re
serve without resorting to the issue and
sale of bonds, under the authority con
ferred by the act of January 14, 1875, com
monly known as the resumption act. At
this date there was no free gold coin in the
treasury, all the coin on hand beinu cov
ered by outstanding certifi; ates. The $69,
-557,804 then held as free gold was in the
form of bullion."
Quoting the provisions of law which au
thorized this course to be taken, Mr. Car
lisle proceeds to state that on the 17th of
January, 1894, bids were invited for $50,
-000,000 of 5 per cent bonds on not to exceed
a3 per cent basis. The proceeds of this sale
amounted to the Bum of $58,660,917 63.
whicu was paid into the treasury in gold
coin and gold certificates. The circum
stances which lead to the next issue are
then described.
"On the 6th day of March, 1894, after
this sal- had been completed, the free
gold in the treasury amounted to the sum
of $107,446,802, and after falling to $52,189,
-500 on the 7th day of August, 1894, it was
slowly replenished by voluntary ex
changes of gold coin for United States
notes and other currency by tne banks
and by small receipts of gold in the pay
ment of duties to the Government, until
the 14th day of November, 1894, when it
reached the sum of $61,878,374. In the
meantime, however, the frequent presenta
tion of notes for redemption in told by in
dividuals and institutions not desiring it
for export, clearly indicated the existence
of a feeling of uneasiness in the public
mind, while foreign exchange was aimost
constantly at or near a rale which made it
necessary to export gold to pay bills at
their muturity, and consequently with
drawals lor such payment wire daily
threatened, and as the season was then
approaching, when, in the usual course of
trade and financial operations, large
importations nearly always occur, it was
considered absolutely necessary for
the maintenance of the public credit and
the continued execution of the monetary
policy declared by Congress in the act of
July 14, 1890, and repealed in tbe act of
November 1, 1893, to resort again to an
issue of bonds. The result of this proposi
tion was that 486 bids were received,
amounting to $178,836,050, nearly all of
which were at rates which would yield to
the investors 3 per cent or less upon the
sums awarded to them.
"One bid for the whole sum of $50,000,
-000, 'all or none,' upon the basis of 2.878
per cent, being the most advantageous
offer for the Government that was made,
was accepted, and the proceeds of the sale,
$58,538,500, were paid into the treasury ac
cording to the terms of sale. The pay
ments into the treasury on account of this
sale were not entirely completed until
after the first day of December, 1894, and it
soon became evident that the transaction
had not been effectual to cope with
withdrawals of gold. In that month
withdrawals amounted to $31,907,221,
and during the next (January, 1895)
they amounted to $45,117,738, and they
continued without diminution until the
early days of February, until on the Bth
of that month the reserve had been re
duced to $41,340,181 and several millions
more had been demanded, a part of which
was taken out and afterward returned to
the treasury on account of the temporary
restoration of confidence resulting from
the fact that it became generally known to
the public that measures were about to be
taken for the replenishment of the re
serve.
"These large withdrawals were due al
most entirely, so far as could be ascer
tained, to a feeling of apprehension in the
public mind, especially among the holders
of our securities abroad, which increased
in intensity from day to day until it
reached the proportions of a panic in the
financial centers, and it was evident to all
who were familiar with the situation that
unless effectual steDs were promptly taken
to check the growing distrust the Govern
ment would be compelled within a few
days to suspend payment and drop to
a silver and paper standard. More
than $43,000,000 of the amount with
drawn during the brief period last
mentioned was not demanded for export,
but was taken out by people who had be
come seriously alarmed on account of the
critical condition of the treasury in its
relations to the currency of the country.
The situation was so grave that the atten
tion of Congress was called to this subject
by a special message from the President
on the 28th day of January, 1895."
Mr. Carlisle quotes from President
Cleveland's message, in which he recom
mended that the Secretary of the Treasury
should be authorized to issue sufficient
bonds to maintain the gold reserve and to
redeem and cancel the legal tender and
treasury notes.
"Congress," Mr. Carlisle says, "failed to
pass a measure for the relief of the trea
sury or to take any action calculated to
allay the serious aporehensious then exist
ing in the public mind, and consequently
a contract was entered into by the Secre
tary of the Treasury on the Bth day of
February, 1895, with August Belmont&
Co. of New York, on benalf of themselves
and N. M. Rothschild & Sons of London
and J. P. Morgan & Co. of New
York. on behalf of themseUe3
and J. S. Morgan & Co. of London,
for the purchase of 3,500,000 ounces of
standard gold at the price of $17.8441 per
ounce, to be paid by the delivery of United
States bonds having thirty years te run
and bearing 4 per cent interest and the
gold to be deposited at the United States
sub-treasuries. By the terms of this con
tract not leas than one-half of the gold was
to be procured abroad and the parties
with whom it was made stipulated that
they would, as far as lay in their power,
exert all financial influence and make all
legitimate efforts to protect the Treasury
of the United States against the with
drawals of gold, pending the complete
performance of the contract. One ounce
of standard gold was worth $18.60465, and
the difference between that sum and the
contract price ($17.8441) represented the
premium received by the Government on
the bonds, meking the price at which the
bonds were accepted $104.4946. At this
price they would yield to the investor 3.75
per cent per annum."
In order that Congress might be afforded
the earliest possible opportunity to take
such action on the subject as it might con
sider most beneficial to the public interest,
the President of the United States on the
same day and immediately upon the ex
ecution of* the contract transmitted a
special message asKing Congress to
specifically provide for a 3 per cent gold
bond, which would effect a saving of over
$16,000,000 to the Government.
A bill was introduced in the House to
authorize the substitution of 3 per cent
bonds payable in gold for the 4 per cent
bonds described in tbe contract, but it
failed to pass, and consequently the parties
proceeded to complete the transaction by
the exchange of gold for 4 per cent thirty
year bonds, according to the terms of the
contract.
The agreement by the parties of the
second part that they would as far as in
their power make all legitimate efforts to
protect the treasury of the United States
against withdrawals of gold pending the
performance of the contract was faithfully
and efficiently carried out, and no gold
was taken ';om the treasury to be used in
paying for the bonds, as had beon done in
the two previous sales, nor was any with
drawn for shipment until after the delivery
of the gold in exchange for the bonds had
been completed under the contract. After
a large part of the gold had been furnished
from abroad the Secretary, in order to pre
vent disturbances in the rates of foreign
exchange at a critical period and create a
condition which would force gold exports
and consequently withdrawals, acquiesced
in a departure from the literal terms of
the contract, reauiring one half of the coin
to be procured abroad, and accepted
deposits of gold then held in this country
to complete the delivery.
Speauing generally of the various issues
the Secretary says:
"Owing to the discouraging condition of
our financial affairs and the consequent
lack of confidence in the ability of the
Government permanently to maintain a
reserve under a system of redemption and
reissue of notes, very considerable diffi
culty was encountered in effecting the
loan invited by the proposals of January
17, 189.4, and at one time pending the call
it was feared that the effort would fail.
However, owing to extraordinary exer
tions made during the last two or three
daya preceding the time when the bids
were to be opened subscriptions for the
whole amount were secured, as herein
before stated.
"At the time the contract of February 9,
1895, was made the emergency was so
pressing that the whole purpose of the
loan would have been defeated if the re
plenishment of the reserve had been post
poned for a sufficient length of time to
advertise for bids, and besides it was ex
ceediuglj doubtful whether, under the
circumstances, any sales could have been
made to the general public upon as favor
able terms aa to the rate of interest as
were secured by that contract."
Replying to that part of the Senate reso
lutions which directs the committee to in
vestigate and report ' : what effect the
bond sales had on the credit and business
of the people of the United States," the
Secretary says that in his opinion the sales
were necessary for the preservation of the
credit of the Government and security of
the business interests o» the people and
that they in fact accomplished those re
sults.
SINGERS MAKE A HIT.
Splendid Music Rtndttrea at the Xational
Saengerfest.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 9.— The occa
sional heavy showers to-day did not
dampen the enthusiasm that has charac
terized the National Saengerfest. The
forenoon was occupied in rehearsals, and
in the afternoon the first matinee concert
was given.
The Cincinnati Singing Association
made a hit by their rendition of Storch's
"Charm of Night," this being the first op
portunity had of realizing tbe actual pur
pose of the festival— that of male-chorus
singing. Director Louis Ehrgott bad his
singers under perfect control, and their
work was precise and well modulated,
with as much snading as a male chorus
can show.
The audience at to-night's concert was
brilliant and many people were turned
away. Much interest was taken in the
rendition for the first time of the cantata,
"The New World," by Heinrich Zoellner
of New York.
General Whiteley Dead.
BALTIMORE, Ma, June 9.— General
Robert Henry Kindwood Whiteley, U. 6.
A. (retired), died at his home in this city
to-day, aged 87 years. General Whiteley
saw active service in the Seminole, Mexi
can and Civil wars. He was born in Cam
bridge, Md., and was graduated from West
Point in the class of '30. He was retired
in 1875 with ti<e rank of major-general.
NOTABLES IN HUNGARY
Moscow Visitors Go to Another Gorgeous
Festival.
BUDA-PESTH, Heng art, J one o.— Some
of the distinguished visitors who have ar
rived here from Moscow, whither they
went to attend tbe coronation of the Czar,
declare that the celebration he^eelipses
the Moscow celebration. The po^p of the
Esternhazey, Andrassy, Karolic and other
notable families in the procession vied
with the gorgeousness of the Orient. The
gala dresses of the riders and the trap
pings of the horses of the magnates flashed
with hundreds of thousands of dollars'
worth of jewels. The carriage in which
rode Cardinal Vasary, Primate of Hun
gary, was similar to the State carriage of
the Czar.
The Emperor-King yesterday received
the members of the lower House of the
Diet atthe palace. Dr. yon Sziiagyi, presi
dent of the Chamber, made a speech, to
which the King replied.
Among the foreigners who witnessed
the ceremonies were Lawrence Townsend,
Secretary of the American Legation at
Vienna; Edward P. T. Hammond, Ameri
can Consul here; Mrs. and Miss Kirk
white and Mrs. and the Misses Dwight.
Barcelona's Bomb Explosion.
BARCELONA, Spain, June 9.— The
funerals of the victims killed by the bomb
explosion Sunday at the Church of Santa
Maria took place to-day and were at
tended by an immense crowd. Tl>e dead
were buried at the expense of the city.
Several of the persons who were injured
have since died and others are moribund.
Altogether about 100 arrests have been
made of men suspected of being concerned
in the outrage. Another dynamite car
tridge was exploded to-day outside of a
dwelling near San Ssbastian.
Congress of Cotntneree Men.
LONDON, Eng., June 9.— The third con
gress of the Chambers of Commerce of the
empire began its first session this morn
ing. The hall was crowded with delegates
and others. Kight Hon. Joseph Chamber
lain, Secretary of State and honorary
president of the congress, delivered a
speech welcoming the delegates. Lorda
Loch and Knutsford, Sydney Buxton, M.
P., Sir John LubDock, M." P., and Sir
George Baden Howell, M. P., were among
those present.
Defeat of the Dervishes.
LONDON, Esq., June 9.— The Egyptian
cavalry at Firket pursued the fleeing Der
vishes after the battle at that place, killing
a large number of them. The Dervishes
took the route to Suarda, which was
Khalifa's Jargest camp, with the exception
of Dongola. The cavalry, upon reaching
Suarda, found the place deserted. The
troops occupied it and seized enormous
quantities of stores and a number of
camels.
An Knormouß Sand Bar.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., June 9.— An enor
mous sand bar almost completely bars the
narrows at the entrance to this harbor,
and has caused great damage to vessels
entering port. Over 100 craft have been
forced to anchor off the entrance, many
being seriously injured by colliding with
eachother.
Massacred by Kurds.
ATHENS, Grefx-e, June 9.— lnstead of
only a few French, British and German
engineers being massacred by Kurds on
the line of the railway from Smyrna to
Kassaba, as reported on Sunday fast, the
number of victims is estimated at 200.
The Consuls at Smyrna have gone to the
scene to investigate the affair.
Store* Visited by fire.
TORONTO, Ont., June 9.— McKendry &
Co.'a department 6tore on Yonge street
and the store of Eaton & Co. and Gninane
Bros, were damn-ed $375,000 by fire to
night; fully insured.
NEW TO-DAY.
3 W.
J\r JDiN LJ\
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Bottled at the U J HUNYADI Springs, Bada Pest, Hungary
Considering the nature of the Hungarian Bitter
Water Springs, it must obviously be desirable for the
medical profession and the public to be assured authori-
tatively that the working of these Springs is carried on
in a scientific manner, and not merely on commercial
lines, and with this view the Uj Hunyadi Springs, from
which " Apenta " Water is drawn, are placed under the
absolute control of the Ro>al Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
Prices : 10 Cents and 25 Cents per botfK
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Sole Exporters:
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
CLOSELY WATCH
SPAIN'S ACTION
Eyes of Diplomats Turned
Toward the Competitor
Cases.
CIVIL TRIAL DEMANDED.
Arguments to Be Submitted Are
Prepared by the United
States.
MAY YET CAUSE A RUPTURE
Uncle Sam Is in No Mood to Permil
Prisoners to Bs Shot Without
a Propor Hearing.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 9.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says: The
eyes of the administration are now upon
the proceedings of the naval court in
Madrid, which is to consider the case of
the men captured on board the American
filibustering schooner Competitor. The
arrival of the papers in the cases of these
men at Madrid at this time was expected
by the authorities, and in expectation of
their early consideration the authorities
have been preparing ammunition which
could be used in behalf of the prisoners.
Spain will not be permitted to execute
the prisoner*. Spain has been fully in
formed of this determination on the part
of the United States, and rather than risk
strained relations and possible conflict
with this Nation the officials believe that
she will grant the wish of this Govern
ment — a civil trial for tbe men.
The President and Secretary Olney have
been in close consultation for some weeks
past preparing the argument to be sub
mitted to the court on behalf of tbe United
States, showing that the men should, by
treaty provisions between the Spanish
Government and that, of the United States,
receive a civil trial. The Secretary points
out that both the original treaty and the
protocol made special provision for the
class of offenses under which those of the
men came, and these provisions require a
civil trial. This argument will be laid be
fore the Spanish Government by Minister
Taylor at Madrid, and by it will be sub
mitted, it is expected, to the Spanish
court.
In case the decision of the Spanish court
is favorable the men will be tried by civil
court in Havana. The authorities are
quite willing to abide by tbe result of the
decision made by a tribunal of that char
acter. They declare, however, and Secre
tary Olney has so stated in his argument,
that it was unjust to try the prisoners by
drumhead court-martial.
It is expected by the authorities that the
efforts of Consul-General Lee to secure
better quarters for the Competitor men
will be successful. In any event, the de
partment quite approves of the steps he is
taking in this direction.
A special to the Herald from Kingston,
Jamaica, says: The steamship Laurada
is reported as at Port Antonio, where she
is waiting for a cargo of fruit. She had
been at Port Antonio since May 30. Tbe
authorities here have searched her, with a
view to finding whether or not she carried
arms, or was engaged in a filibustering ex
pedition in aid of the revolutionists in
Cuba. Nothing of a contraband character
was discovered on board the vessel. It is
reported that several Spanish gunboats are
watching the coast, with the idea of inter
cepting the Laurauda when she shull pro
ceed to sea.
The Laurada, which recently landed a
filibustering expedition in Cuba, bad not
been reported for several days and much
anxiety was felt in Cuban circles here and
in Florida as to the fate of the ship.
MADRID, Spain, June 9.— The military
council is engaged in minutely studying
the documents relating to the case of the
American filibustering schooner Com
petitor, which was recently captured by
the Spanish authorities on the coast of
Cuba. The examination of these docu
ments will be protracted and no decision
will be reached before August at the very
earliest.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 9.— On Thursday
last a force of Havana volunteers who
were acting as a garrison on the Threcioso
estate, near Cardenas, met a lar^e rebel
party, and an engagement took place in
which the volunteers were defeated and
compelled to retire. Several of the Gov
ernment forces were killed and two
wounded.
GOOD MARKET FOR ORANGES
Mericans Taking Advantage of the Short
Florida Crop.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.— The
Mexicans are taking advantage of the
scarcity of the Florida oranges and are
shipping their supply of ffuit to this
country.. Last season 400 carloads were
shipped to the United States, but this sea
son iiilJy 600 carloads wilL be exported
-Thomas L. Crittenden, United States Con
-8r!-Geueral at the City of Mexico, who fur
nished this information to the State De
partment, says ti at old trees are being
pruned, new orchards planted and every.
preparation made to complete for the
American orange trade. The Mexican
orange season — from September to Decem
ber—fits in between the Florida and Cali
fornia seasons, thus leaving Mexico with
practically no competition in our market.
SONORY CIVIL BILL.
An Agreement of Conferee* Reported
to the Houhc.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.— ln the
House to-day Cannon (R.) of Illinois pre
sented the report of the conferees on the
sundry civil appropriation bill. It was
read and agreed to.
The agreement includes ail the items in
dispute save only those in relation to the
public buildings, as to which the House
disagreed. It cut down from $35,000 to
$5000 the appropriation to enable the
United States to take part in the Brussels
exposition, at the invitation of the Belgian
Government; struck out the appropriation
of $15,000 for a lighthouse on Swan Island,
Carribean Sea; struck out the appropria
tion of $250,000 for a fireproof building for
the National Museum. It also- made an
appropriation of $19,000 each to the Provi
dence and Garfield hospitals for caring for
the indigent sick of the District of Colum
bia. v • :'-
Of Interest to the Pacific Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.-The
special postoffice service between Clairanu
Anaheim, Orange County, will be discon
tinued after June 30; between Point Reyes
and Olema after July 11.
J. B. Boatman, private secretary to Rep
resentative Hilborn, left for his home i:i
Oakland to-day.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Ole Tronsen, Sacra
mento. Increase — William H. Henderson.
San Diego; Daniel Harrison, Santa Paula.
Oregon: Original — Daniel K. Iliff,
Portland. Increase— Peter Major, Apple
gate.
Washington: Original— John T. Win
scott, Everett.
Signs for at. Louis.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.-Secre
tary Carlisle to-day directed that 4000
street signs imported at New York for use
in St. Louis b« forwarded at once to that
city without examination at New York
and be examined and appraised by the
customs officers at St. Louis. The signs
will be sent forward in bond. Mayor Wal
bridge, in his telegrams to the treasury,
states that these street signs are "needed
in St. Louis before the Republican Con
vention meets." He says the need of the
signs is "urgent^
Minister Taylor 111.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.— Hannia
Taylor. United States Mini.«ter to Spain,
whose sudden abandonment of his literary
plans at Oxford and departure from Eng
land was told in the cable dispatches, is ill
in Paris. A cablegram to that effect was
received in Washington to-day. How ill
Mr. Taylor is the aispatch did not say. It
is understood that his departure from Eng
land was not due to any instructions from
the State Department to return to his post.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.— Tba
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $106,319,434. The
day's withdrawals were $37,700.
NEW TO-DAY. > A
No standing on ceremony —
no time to primp up, if you
want to get here in time.
' Boys' sailor Suits, all wool, new effects, tan,
gray and blue, extra good making. 0NLY....750
Odd Knee Pants, all sizes 250
Fauntleroy Blouses, not too high at 75c. THIS
WTEEK 45c
Combination Suits, all wool (combining with
suit extra pants and cap of the same material)
;.;-.; »2.50
Boys' Long Pants Suits, good ones 84. 00
Big lot Boyetoarge Brim Straw Hats 150
But you'd better hurry !
Uncle Sam will do the hurrying it you order by
mail. (Satisfaction guaranteed.
VPC THE
« C 3 PRICE
IT'S $3,00
RED
And a dark red, that's the shade in Summer Tans
that has the call. The price? Well, oars is a dol-
lar or two lower than the others are asking. That's
the reason we're selling more than we usually do.
THE • <C_
DEFENDER JX.OO
(THE NEW TOE.) *-^
One of the new shapes just out this season is a
star seller. Everybody wants it. The upper stock
used in this shoe Is the finest Russia calf (dark-red
shade). We have them In all sizes and widths, and
the price Of them is within your easy JJj'j.OO
grasp • • «IpO
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,'
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
Just Below Market.
DDIICUCC FOR « ARBK Rs, bar-
KKIINHV'S""' boot blacks, bath-
I'leUv'lSaV houses, billiard - table.%
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, cannerj.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, staol*-
men, tar-rooters, tanners, tailors, etc.
„ • BUCHANAN BKUS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 SacrainentoSfe*CAPTAIN HEALY`S
HEAVY SENTENCE.
Barely Escapes Dismissal
From the Revenue
Service.
DROPPED TO THE FOOT.
Suspended From Rank and Com
mand and Placed on Waiting
Orders.
THIS HOLDS FOR FOUR YEARS.
If Again Found Guilty of Using
Intoxicants Excessive'y He Will
Be Dismissed.
WABHINGTON, D. C, June 9.— Captain
Michael A. Healy of the revenue cutter
service, Treasury Department, stationed at
San Francisco, was to-day given the next
most severe sentence to dismissal by Sec
retary Carlisle. The order reads:
''That Captain Michael Healy be dropped
to the foot of the list of captains of the
revenue cutter service, and that he retain
that place hereafter; that he be suspended
from rank and command and kept on
waiting orders for a term of four years,
and that he be publicly reprimanded by
reading this order on board all vessels of
the revenue cutter service by the com
manding officer of each at a muster of the
commanding officers, and admonished if
again found guilty of the excessive use of
intoxicants during the term of his sen
tence thereafter, whether afloat or shore,
he will be summaiily dismissed from the
service."
Captain Healy commanded the United
States steamer Bear, and charges were
preferred against him by Lieutenants
Daniel and Emery and Assistant En
gineer Jones.
Secretary Carlisle, in his review of the
case, states that Captain Healy has served
thirty years in the cutter service, during
which time he "performed much creditable
and valuable services," and while there
are no mitigating circumstances, in view
of the recommendation of the trial board
that "such clemency as may be consistent
with the gravity of the case and the
welfare of the revenue cutter service" be
extended to him, Secretary Olney modi
fied the findings of the court as given.
Secretary Carlisle hesitated for some
time before approving the sentence im
posed lest a bad precedent might be estab
lished which wonld return to plague the
department. The treasury officials have
been overwhelmed with letters and tele
grams on the subject asking that
leniency be shown the erring captain, and
a number of members of Congress have
called upon Secretary Carlisle for the
same purpose.
As it stands the sentence is quite se
vere, placing Captain Heaiy as it does at
the foot of the list of his grade for four
years and directing that a reprimand for
the conduct of that official be read to the
crew of every ship and station of the ser
vice.
So far as known the charges against
others in the revenue marine service have
not yet been acted upon.
WESTERN MEN AT WORK.
Oontinwd from Firti Page.
Hon. 0. P . Salisbury of Utah also talked
silver.
"The Utah delegation," he said, "is solid
for silver, of course. We purpose doing
the very best we can for the white metal in
the convention, but we have little hope of
accomplishing anything. The party seems
determined to commit itself to the gold
standard. If a declaration for gold is made
the Democrats will carry the State without
difficulty. The Republicans have a nor
mal majority of from 2500 to 3000, but that
would be wiped out entirely."
Among the late arrivals was ex-Governor
Powell Clayton of Arkansas. He is firmly
of the opinion that McKinley will win on
the first ballot, aud thought the only mat
ter upon which there could be speculation
was the platform.
"I favor the present monetary standard,"
he said, "and only such limitation on the
coinage of silver money as will be neces
sary to maintain silver at a parity with
gold. The present ratio of 32 to 1 should
be maintained and supported."
The National Committee will meet to
morrow at 12 o'clock, and will then de
cide upon the names of the temporary of
ficers. They will also take up the contests
so far as settling them for the preliminary
roll.
C. W. Fairbanks of Indiana, ex-Gov
ernor Merriam of Minnesota and George
A. Knight of California, also Proctor of
Vermont have been mentioned for tem
porary chairman.
That part of California's delegation now
here will inaugurate a boom for Ulysses S.
Grant for the Vice-Presideucy.
George A. Knight of San Francisco will
place Grant in nomination. It is predicted
that unbounded enthusiasm will follow
the oratorical effort, which is sure to asso
ciate father and son, and play to the Grand
Army sentiment.
Sergeant-at-Arms Byrnes gave out the
following for publication to-morrow:
"Much inquiry having been made rela
tive to the extent of the damage done to
the convention hall by the cycione, I think
it proper to inform the public that the
diitnage has been entirely repaired, ana
that the hall is as good as it was before
the storm. Everything is in readiness for
the convention. The assistants have nearly
all been selected, and they will report at
the office of the sergeant-at-arms in the
Auditorium building on Monday, the 15th
inst., at 10 a. m. G. N. Wiswell of Wiscon
f-in, first assistant sergeant-at-arms, will,
under the eeneral supervision of the ser
geant-at-arms, direct the work of all the
employes in and around the Auditorium
building.
'No commissions will be forwarded;
they will be handed to the appointees in
dividually, at the time and place above
mentioned, and on the same day the tick
ets of admission to the convention will be
issued by the sergeant-at-arms from Room
No. 220 in the Odd Fellows' building on
Ohve street, between Eighth aud Ninth
streets. T. E. Byrnes,
"Sergeant-at-Arms."
The finishing touches of the Auditorium
were put on to-day. The oortraits of
General Grant and Admiral Farragutwere
put ud yesterday. The great naval coni
matider looks down on the members of
the convention from the gallery railing at
the east end of the hall. Directly opposite
is a portrait of General Phil Sheridan,
representing the army. The still greater
leaders, Lincoln and Grant, are on the two
sides, the first almost directly over the
stand and Grant at the center of
the south gallery opposite. Higher than
all, just above Lincoln, is Washington.
Each is surrounded by American flags.
Some have wondered why Sherman, who
liveJ and was buried in St. Louis, and
who outranked Sheridan when he retired
from the army, was not selected instead of
the latter for one of the four places of
honor with Washington. The answer is
that the local committee desired to have
the cavalry as well as the infantry repre
sented.
The absence of pictures and mottoes
representing leaders of the Republican
party of to-day is noticed. The omission
was intentional. The local committee,
supposed to be tinctured with McKinley
ism, was placed under restrictions in the
matter. Here is one of the clauses of the
contract signed by Chairman Kennard — a
Democrat, by the way — and his colleagues:
"The citizens' committee of St. Louis
agrees to furnish to the Republican Na
tional Committee a hall of the seating
capacity of 12,000 or more, handsomely
and properly decorated and lighted, with
out any expense whatever to said National
Committee, it being understood that in
the decoration of said hall said committee
shall not use the picture, photograph or
name of any living Republican, nor shall
any insignia or motto be used calculated
to advance the cause of any candidate for
the Presidency."
Probably no flag in the Auditorium will
attract more attention or cause so much
comment as that of the Cuban insurgents,
it occupies a conspicuous place, in fact
the most conspicuous place in the entire
building. The colors of the Cuban Re
public can be seen from any seat in the
gallery or dress circle, and that is more
than can be said of any other National
emblem in the building. Even the Presi
dent's flag or banner, just above the Cuban
colors, will not be visible to some of the
occupants of the dress circle.
TO REMAIN AT CANTON.
But McKinley Will Have a Private
Wire to St. Louis.
CANTON, Ohio, June 9.— Major Mc-
Kinley's private secretary, James Boyle,
will leave to-morrow for Columbus, from
whence he will go to St. Louis. Mrs. Mc-
Kinley left to-day for Columbus to visit
friends.
Major McKinley will remain in Canton
until after the convention. A private
wire connects his residence with Mark
Banna's room in the Southern Hotel, St.
Louis, and there will be constant commu
nication between the two gentlemen.
BRADLEY'S SENSATION.
Will Make an Expose of Certain
McKinley Letters.
FRANKFORT, Kt., June 9. — The
threatened expose of a lot of letters from
Governor McKinley to Governor Bradley
was not made public by the latter, ac
cording to promise, to-night.
Governor Bradley was at work at the
executive office until a late hour, and it
was authoritatively announced that he
was engaged in the preparation of the
forthcoming statement. The publication
of the correspondence which Governor
Bradley proposes to make public, it is in
timated, will be of an extremely sensa
tional nature.
Nominated for Congress.
PITTSBURG, PA., June 9.— ln the
Twenty-second Congressional Republican
Convention held here to-day John Dalzell
was honored for the tenth time by unani
mous nomination for Congressman. The
Republican Convention of the Twenty
third District renominated William A.
Sone for the third time.
Democrats Receive a Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 9.— The
committee in charge of the arrangements
for the meeting of the Democratic National
Convention has been called to meet at the
Palmer House, Chicago, on Saturday next,
June 13, at 12 o'clock noon, by National
Chairman Harrity.
DID MUCH FOR STUDENTS.
Return of Or- Harry J. Furber Jr.
h'rom I'rane*.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 9.— Among
the passengers on the steamship Touraine,
which arrived in this port yesterday, was
Dr. Harry J. Furber Jr. of Chicago, a man
to whom nil students owe a deep debt of
gratitude for the efforts he has recently
brought to a successful issue by opening to
them the doors of the colleges, universities,
institutes ana schools of France on even
more advantageous terms than are those
of Germany.
Heretofore American students seeking a
European education have generally
gone to Germany on account of
the many restrictions imposed by
France. Dr. Furber devoted a year
to his work, and as a result on Jan
uary 22 a ministerial decree from tbe Con
seil Superieur de L'lnstruction Publique
was issued, which introduced changes into
the faculties of science throughout France
which enable a student from the United
States bearing proper credentials to taue
any course, or any part of a course, at any
of the French institutions. He can, more
over, pass an examination in any one sub
ject and obtain a certificate, and when he
has passed on all the subjects necessary
he can, by sending in a thesis and under
going a final examination, obtain his full
diploma.
FREIGHT AGENTS CONVENE.
President Ripley Give* Good Advice to
Railroad Men.
CHICAGO, 111., June 9.— Fully 250
members, with their wives and daughters
in many cases, attended the ninth annual
convention of the Natiortil Association of
Local Freight Agents, which opened to
day at the Tremont House. Mayor Swift
extended the hand of welcome in a pleas
ant speech and the freight men listened
during the morning to addresses from
President Ripley of the Santa Fe system
and President Carpenter of the Chicago
and Eastern Illinois road. The conven
tion was called to order by Lot Brown of
vhe Burlington, president of the associa
tion.
In denouncing certain legislation to
which railroads are subjected President
RiDley said: "One reason why railroads
are subjected to so much preposterous
t egislation is the apathy existing among
railroad men as to the manufacture of
public opinion. They should take a more
active interest in public matters and do
everything they can to resibt the efforts of
the demagogues."
The convention will continue to Friday.
Approved by the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.— The
President this afternoon approved the
Postoffice appropriation bill.
Austin Corbin's Funeral.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 9.-The
funeral of Austin Corbin took place from
St. Bartbolemew's Church, Madison
avenue and Forty-fourth street, at 10
o'clock this morning. Bishop Williams
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
A CHICO FAVORITE.
Miss Kittle Wertzbaugher, daughter of the late Assemblyman from that
district, is at present favorite at Chico in the hot race for qneen at the ap
proachine Monterey jubilee on the 7th prox. Latest returns indicate that Miss
Wertzbaugher is in the lead out of £0,000 votes, with Mis* Bessie Collins a
close second. All preparations for the festival are in excellent shape. Yester
day Director-General Harry A. Greene went to Sacramento to secure permission
for the erection of a "City of Tents" with State military tents.
officiated at the service. The pailbearers
were Cornelius Vanderbilt, William E.
Chwndier, Senator Roderick Cameron,
General B. F. Tracy. Dumont Clark. J.
Rogers Maxwell, Charles M. Pratt, J. G.
K. Duer. A. N. Parian and W. B. Kendall.
The remains were taken to Woodlawn on
a special train and placed in the family
vault, which was built by Mr. Corbiu
about a year ago.
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS.
A Good Card and Spirited Finishes at
Grnvesend.
GRAVESEND RACETRACK, N. V.,
June 9. — A good card, a large attendance,
fine weather and some spirited finishes
were the features of the races here to-day.
Handspring did not have to be thoroughly
extended to win the Carlton stakes, and
he made his opponents look like so many
hacks. He won in a romp by three lengths.
Five and a half furlongs, Cassette won, Gra
ciosa second, Juno third. Time, L:09&.
Handicap, one ana an eighth miles, Emma C
won, Septour second, Charade third. Time,
1:57.
The Hudson stakes, five furlongs, Arbuckle
and George Kessler ran a dead heat (purse
divided). Lithos third. Time, 1:03.
The Carlton stakes, one mile, Handspring
won, Hmnilton II second, Bonaparte third.
Time, 1:43.
Five furlongs, Marsh Harrier won, Nina sec
ond, Her Own third. Time, 1:04.
One mile, Premier won, Buckrene second,
Sherlock third. Time, 1:43%.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 9. —Favorites were
only winners in two races to-day, the sec
ond and third. A second pick took the
fourth, and long shots that looked to be out .
of the game took the first, fifth and sixth.
Six furlongs, Balsam won, Siddubia second,
Manettie third. Time, I:22J^.
One mile, Blacking Brush won, Favette Belle
second, Jim Hogg third. Time, 1 :49J- 2 .
Six furlongs, Brighton won, Iri^h Chief II
second, Little Cliff third. Time, 1 :2Q&
One and a sixteenth miles, Linda \rou, Made
line second, Barbarossa third. Time, 1 :54.
Five furlongs. Calvary won, Buck Videre
second, Moncruith third. Time, 1:05.
Six and a half furlongs, The Kitten won,
Amelia May second, Uex third. Time, 1:2t%
CHICAGO, 111., June 9.— The talent
had a better line on the horses at Forsyth
to-day than it has had for some time.
Six furlongs. Dr. France won, Barguard sec
ond, Mr. Dunlap third. Time, 1:19%.
Half a nile, Barnato won, Golighuy second,
Mrs. Murray third. Time, :51V£.
Six fuilorigs, Eaple Bird won, B. F. Fly Jr.
second. Inspector Hunt third. Time, 1:18.
One milt, Sunny won, Ashland second, King
Bors third. Time, \A\%.
Six furlongs, Bob Lee won, Virgie Dixon sec
ond. Millie M third. Time, 1 :17^.
Six furlongs, Marden Pet won, Nellie H sec
ond, Effie T third. Time, 1:18.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June 9.— Five
furlongs, Black Bess won, Risque second,
Three Bars third. Time, I :O6J^.
Six and a half furlongs, Howard Mann won,
Scandland second, Good AU vice third, lime.
1:24^.
Mile and an eighth, Sir Dilke won, Leonaise
second, Hurry Shannon thira. Time, I:o\}4.
Four and a half furlongs, Emerald stakes,
Maceo won, El Toro second, Abe Furst third.
Time, :57.
One mile and seventy yards, Judge Denny
won. Paul Pry second, Lufra third. Time,
1:51&
Six and a half furlongs, Hoffman won,
Hermes second, Double Quick third. Time,
1:27.
nMAHA, Nebr., June 9.-3:00 trot, purse
$1000, Pudina won, Heirloom second, Report
ress third. Best time, I:\h\i.
2:23 trot, purse -f 1000, Buio won, Bonnie E
second, Don Quixote third. Best time, 2:18*4.
2:09 pace (unfinished), purse $1000, Badge
won. Miss Williams second, Ella T third. Best
time, 2:08^.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
JUeekin Proves Too Much for the Cin
cinnatia.
NEW YORK, N. V., June B.— Meekin was
too much for the Ciucinnatis to-day. The New
Yorks on the other hand hit Inks freely during
the first four innings, after which he settled
down and pitched good ball. The visitors put
up a fine game in the field. Score: New
Yorks— 7, 13, 3; Cincinnatis— 4, 7. 4. Bat
teries—Meekin and Fiirrell, Inku and Vaughn.
Umpires — WilFon and Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 9.— Cleveland
again downed Philadelphia to-day. The vis
itors played all around the local club both at
the bat an>l in the field. Score: Philadelphia;)
—1,7, 2; Clevelands— 9. 12, 1. Batteries— Orth
and Boyle, Wilson and O'Connor. Umpire-
Hurst.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 9.— The Baltimore-
Louisville score was 4 to 4, when Umpire Sher
idan called the game on account of a heavy
downpour of rain. The home team had scored
three times and had a man on third, with two
out, in the fourth inning.
BROOKLYN, X. V., June 9.— Abbey was very
cool and steady to-day when any of the Pitts
burg players succeeded in reaching the bases.
The solitary tally of the visitors was a gift of
Shoch, who could have easily caught Elmer
Smith in the first inning. Score: BrooKlyns—
5,8,2; Pittsburgs— 1, 6, 1. Batteries— Abbey
and Grim, Hughey and Sugden. Umpire— Ems
lie.
BOSTON, Mass., June 9.— Breitenstein was an
insuperable barrier to the visitors to-day. Not
a Boston man reached second base, and oniy
four got as far as first after the second innning
Score: Bostons— o, 3, 1; St. Louis— s, 12, 0.
Batteries — Sullivan and Terry, Breitenstein
and HcFrtrlaßd. Umpire— Lynch.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 9.— Washington-
Chicago ball game postponed on account of
rain.
Accidental Death at San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO. Cal., June 9.— Deputy
Sheriff James McClaren accidentally shot
himself in t^e right breast yesterday fore
noon. He died from the effects of his in
juries at 9:30 o'clock this morning. Dep
uty McClaren was at one time secretary of
the seamen's union, and was in that office
until June, 1895, when he was aisplaced
dur'ng the troubles that arose from the
strike.
Croley May Be Removed.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 9.— Judge
Catlin this morning dismissed the petition
of Superintendent of Streets E. J. Croly
for a writ of prohibition directed against
the City Board of Trustees to prevent that
body from taking action on charges of in
competency and malfeasance preferred
against Croley. Croley asked for a writ on
the grounds that the City Trustees were
prejudiced against him because of his po
litical belief.
SANTA CLARA DEMOCRATS
Governor Budd Denounced by the
Central Committee in
Resolutions.
Accused of Disloyalty to Party Princi
ples—Scheller for Con
gressman.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 9.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee met this
forenoon and elected delegates to the State
Convention at Sacramento. J. A. Hicks
was made delegate-at-large. The following
are the delegates in addition to Hicks:
Jackson Hatch, H. H. Main, M. Casey,
S. B. Moore, L. C. Trailer, Uus Lion, J. H.
Sullivan, Frank Bumgartner, S. H. Camp
bell, B. Distel, W. S. Games, V. A. Schel
ler, T. C. Canoll, John Snyder, W. B.
Rankin, W. Patton, Antone Friant, Peter
Bell, W. Osterman, John Roll and S. N.
Rucker.
Hon. B. D. Murphy was indorsed as del
e^ate-at-large from the Fifth Congres
sional District to the National Convention
in Chicago. V. A. Scheller was indorsed
for Congress.
Resolutions were adopted denouncing
the American .Protective Association, op
posing the funding bill and commending
the course of Senator White and Congress
man Maguire. Governor Budd waa cen
sured in the following manner :
We disapprove of the administration of
Governor Budd as disloyal to party and party
principles. We charge that the policy and ap
pointments of the State's Executive have been
largely dictated by Republican influences
and Belflsh personal and political aims.
His appointees to positions in Stnte
institutions have been made with a view
rather to the conciliation of Republican bosses
than to the recognition of party merit or ser
vices, and we denounce the removal by his ap
pointees of competent Democrats from places
in such institutions to make room for untried
Republican relatives.
TO SPEAK AT SANTA CRUZ.
Irving M. Scott of San Francisco Is En
gaged — The Queen's Maids of
Honor Named.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 9.— lrving M.
Scott of San Francisco will deliver the ad
dress at the celebration of the battle of
Bunker Hill on the opening day of the
Santa Cruz Venetian Water Carnival. A
telegram from Lieutenant-Governor Jetter
at San Francisco this afternoon brought
this intelligence, and it is received here
with mucu enthusiasm, as Scott's popu
larity and eloquence will make his visit
and address an interesting feature of the
carnival.
The assurance also came to-day that the
Philadelphia and the Monadnock will ar
rive on Monday and remain during the
week. A letter from Secretary of the Navy
Herbert to Congressman Maguire has been
sent to Carl E. Lina«ay, ensign of the
fourth gun division Naval Battalion, N.
G. C, saying that the vessels will be here
on duty in connection with the Naval Re
serve of California, which is taken to mean
that the Naval Reserve of San Francisco
will be aboard the practice-ship.
The Queen has announced her maids-of
honor, it having been necessary to make
appointments In place of those who had
been elected but declined. Those who will
serve as maids are: Misses Minnie Cope,
Belle Spafford, Carrie Bias, Beattrice Bos
ton, Jessie Woodward, Mattie Patton, Ida
Terry, Diisy Arraer, Lanie Wilbur, Mabel
Chace. The pages are: Lita Tuttle, T. V.
Mathews Jr.; trumpeter. Master P. O.
Hihn; guard of honor, Edward Shirran,
John A. Maguire, Ramond Linscott. Harry
Cope; prime minister, Benjamin Knight.
The flower-girls have not yet been ap
pointed.
LOS ANGELES ROMANCE.
Aged Don Jose Mascnrel Hill Again Wed
His Wife.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 9.— The
nuptial relations of Don Jose Mascarel
and his companion of a quarter-century
seem now in a fair way to be settled per
manently. The wealthy octogenarian and
his aged spouse were joined in the holy
bonds of wedlock by Rev. Father Adam a
few days ago, to the great astonishment of
their many acquaintances, who had almost
forgotten or never knew but that they had
been married all these years. The cere
mony was unique in that there was no
license from the County Clerk authorizing
it. A question was raised as to the legal
relations of the couple, and so the groom
took out a regular marriage license to-day,
preparatory to a final and irrevocable
union.
RAN BEFORE A STREETCAR.
A Mother's Sereatn Causes the Death of
Her Child.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 9.— The five
year-old daughter of William Beckett, an
employe of the railroaa shops, was run
over and killed by a streetcar in this city
this afternoon. The child crossed the
track ahead of the car, getting safely ove!r.
Her mother, who was wheeling a baby
carriage some distance behind, screamed,
and the child, evidently thinking the
mother called to her to come b:\ck, started
to cross again. The car struck her, dash
ing out her brains. No arrests have been
made.
DUNHAM ROAMS
NEAR SAN MIGUEL
Two Persons Encounter a
Man Resembling the
Fugitive.
BEGS FOOD OP BOTH.
The Stranger Stops a Woman
and Asks for a Morsel
to Eat.
APPLIES AT A RANCHHOUSE
He Is Heavily Armed and Bears
Scars Indicating a Recent
Encounter.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jane 9.— Since the
exciting news of Murderer James C.
Dunham's appearance at Smiths Creek no
reports have been received at the Sheriff's
office that afford more hope than a message
which came this afternoon from San
Miguel, and which seems to give reliable
information that Dunham was within a
mile of that town Monday night. The
message was received at 3:30 p. M. and was
from U. S. Holmes of San Miguel.
It stated that a man supposed to be
Dunham was seen on Monday afternoon at
5 o'clock on the road one mile south of
San Miguel. A lady who was driving
along the road waa stopped by the fellow
and he begged her to give him some food.
She noticed that he wore dark clothes, a
black cloth hat, had a scar on his face and
another on the back of his left hand, which
had evidently been badly scratched. His
feet were wrapped in sacks. His trousers
were badly torn and about hi? waist was a
belt tilled with cartridges. Before leaving
her the stranger begged that she say noth
ing about meeting him.
That the description in the dispatch
does not fully correspond with the many
other descriptions given by people who
have imagined that they had seen the
murderer adds weight to the supposition
that the man was Dunham, inasmuch as
it shows that the woman did not model
her description from what she had read as
to Dunham's appearance.
When last seen Dunham did not have a
cloth hat, as she reported this man to have
worn, but it is not unlikely that he had an
extra hat along with him.
In addition to this message a letter was
received at the Sheriff's office from W. P.
Carey of Carey Bros., East San Jose butch
ers, written under date of this morning
from Bradley, conveying further evidence
that Dunham is in the San Miguel country
and is making southward as rapidly as
possible.
Mr. Carey had been in Chotme Valley,
several miles from San Miguel, where he
was purchasing cattle. On his way home
he stopped at a place called Slacks Can
yon, ami remained at John Meadows'
house last night.
Meadows told him that a suspicious
! looking fellow stopped at his house about
j 9 o'clock Sunday night and asfced for
'■ something to eat. He described the
■ stranger to Carey as a man wearing a
1 binck sack coat and a soft brown hat.
i When he came to the door he had a re
volver in his right band and, on being in
vited in, he left an overcoat outside by the
door, under which he put a rifle or shot
gun. When he had finished eating his
meal he left a half-dollar on the table and
went away without asking any questions.
He had considerable ammunition in a belt
which he wore.
The landlord did not suspect the stranger
of being the much-wanted murderer, be
cause of the fact ihat he and his wife had
heard nothing of the case, but he did be
lieve he was a criminal.
On Monday he told a neighbor of the
fellow's visit, and when shown a picture of
Dunham he identified it as being a like
ness of the visitor.
The traveler was on foot, and Mr. Carey
stated in his letter that the country in
that locality is so extremely rough that he
could stay there for a long time without
being seen.
These reports caused a complete change
of the plans made by Sheriff Lyndon, for
before they were received he and D< putv
Juan tklson had started for Bakersheld.
The reports from Bakersrield on Monday,
to the effect that Dunham, or a man very
much resembling him, was in that local
ity, were the best the Sheriff haa to work
upon, and he therefore decided to go
south.
He and Edson boarded the 1:15 train for
Oakland this afternoon, and would have
gone on to Bakersrield had they not been
headed off by a telegram from Under
Sheriff Benson apprising them of the re
ports from San Miguel. They returned to
San Jose this evening on the 8:30 train.
Bradley is hardly more than a stopping
place on the railroad, eleven miles north
of San Miguel, and Slacks Canyon, where
Dunham was seen Sunday night, is a few
miles distant.
Sheriff Lyndon upon his return decided
that he and Edson would board the 10:17
o'clock train to-morrow morning for San
Miguel, and from that point endeavor to
get on Dunham's trail and run him down.
Under-Sheriff Benson sent telegrams to
all of the officers he could reach in the
San Miguel country, and also to Sheriff
Ballou of San Luis Obispo, Sheriff Mat
thews of Salinas and Sheriff Holbrook of
Hollister. Both Ballou and Holbrook will
probably join Sheriff Lyndon to-morrow
morning, the former at San Miguel and
the latter at Sargents station. Sheriff
Matthews may possibly become one of the
party.
Division Superintendent Frazer was at
San Luis Obispo to-night and a telegram
was sent to him asking that railroad con
ductors and brakemen on his division be
notified as soon as possible to be on the
aleit for Dunham.
Both clews being more than ordinarily
plausible, the officers conclude that Dun
ham traveled from Slacks Canyon to San
Miguel during Sunday night and Monday.
He would, therefore, have about forty
eight hours the start of them when they
reach San Miguel.
A message from Salinas says that a
Sheriff 's posse started on the search as
soon as the woman who had encountered
Dunham made known the incident. Men
are now scouring the country.
COLONEL MAY HARD DEAD.
Passing of a Warrior Repeatedly Honored
by the Sovereigns of Europe
and Asia,
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 9.— Colone
E. G. Maynard, a retired English officer,
liite of her Majesty's Eighty-eighth Regi
ment, died at his home on Almaden road
at 9 o'clock tuis morning, after a brief ill
ness.
Colonel Maynard was born in the county
of Yorkshire, England, in 1821, and was
educated at Edinburgh^ Military College.
When 21 years of age he obtained a com
mission in the British army and served
through the Crimean war and tn* Indian
mutiny, aud in both he so distinguished
himself by his gallantry that at the close
of the later war he was presented to Queen
Victoria, who bestowed upon him a medal
of valor, an emblem which is only given in
cases of extreme bravery.
Later he was also given the Order of
Mediji by the Sultan of Turkey and a
medal by the King of Sardinia. On three
other occasions Queen Victoria presented
him witii medals. He was the leader of a
otorming party that was sent to take the
Russian quarries in front of Sebastopol,
and to his bravery the success of that un
dertaking was greatly due. For the last
twenty-one years he resided in Santa
Clara County. He leaves six sons and one
daughter.
CIGAR-THIEVES CAPTURED.
Two Burglars Arretted After Disposing
of Their Loot.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 9.— Nick Pied
mont and George Welch Jr. were arrested
to-day on complaint of John Cavallaro,
who charges them with having looted his
store at the corner of Fifth and St. James
streets on the night of May 21. Officers
Anderson and Haley arrested Piedmont
ami Haley captured Welch. They were
arraigned and their examination was set
for June 13 at 2 o'clock. Their bail was
fixed at $1000, in default of which they
went to jail.
The officers procured the information
leading to the arrest at M. Peixotto's on
North MarKet street, where it was learned
that Welch, and Piedmont had sold 400
cigars soon after the burglary. It was
then learned that they had sold a quantity
of cigars to a Chinese working at the
Eureka Hotel. Welch claims that he did
not know anything of the burglary. Be
sides the cigars, about $15 in coin was
taken from a till.
Becomes an Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 9.— J. H. Nichols
of the Mechanics' Planing-millof this city
filed a petition in insolvency to-day. The
mill was attached several weeks ago, and
a petition to have Nichols declared an in
solvent was filed yesterday. The liabili
ties ageregate $8376, the greater portion of
which is due on secured notes. Th? re
sources include four lots valued at $2400,
the mill and machinery valued at $b9OO,
and book accounts aggregating $1083. The
real property is all subject to mortgage.
The failure is ascribed to losses in busi
ness and lack of work.
Pratt Home Directors Elected.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 9.— The trustees
of the Pratt Home for Old Ladies met
yesterday and elected tne following board
of directors: Mrs. Robert Syer, Mrs. B. D.
Murpny, Mrs. Dougherty, Mrs. J. H.
Henry, Mrs. Archie McDonald, Mrs. A. S.
Barker, Mrs. T. Rinoldo, Mrs. J. Sweigert,
Mrs. Rhodes, Miss Gebhart, Mrs. Arthur
G. Field. The officers of the board will be
elected at a special meeting called for
next Monday.
Shipments of Fruit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 9. — Overland
freight shipments for the past weefc
amounted to 872,975 pounds, while 902,515
pounds went forward over the local nar
row gauge. Cherries lead the list with
456,000 pounds, but on account of a heavy
pack anticipated by canneries, it is ex
pected future shipments will be light.
MEMORIAL DAY IN ALASKA.
Patriotic Services at Towns in the Far
North— Gold Strikes at Anchor
Point.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 9.— Memorial
day was observed by the towns in Alaska
this year, the exercises being unusually mi
Dressive at Juneau, where eight of the ua
tion'3 defenders lie buried. The steamship
Willapa today brouaht 'advices of active
prepartions for Fourth of July celebrations
at Sitka, Juneau, Treadwell, Douglas and
Circle City.
Patrick Doyle, a miner, 35 years old and
formerly of San Francisco, committed sui
cide by taking cocaine at Juneau.
The Mining Record at Juneau sajß: An
immense auriferous gravel deposit, carry
ing $5 in gold to the yard, has been discov
ered at Anchor Point, on the north side of
Kachemak Bay, the ground having been
taken up by a Boston syndicate. A ledge
has been discovered in the Silver Queen
mine on Sheep Creek, mining $400 in gold
to the ton. The Record announces that the
first attempt to drive cattle across the di
vide into the Yukon country will soon be
made. One hundred animals will be
taken in via Chilcat Pass and Doulton
Trail and thence from Five Fingers up the
Yukon in steamers to Circle City and other
towns.
SEW TO-PAT.
= NO! NO! NO!
. ..-.■..• - — We don't mean Suits that
last no longer than vacation
and that you can wear only
where you expect to pose as
\ T oj* /m *4~ 1 f\-f% a farmer in "store clothes."
* WvUllUll We mean decent, durable,
SUITS . respectable going-away suits.
What a lot of pastime you
could have with the money
the retailer makes on your
/!% n new Suit !
COULD have? CAN
have, rather. We save you
SL\ 10 that mone y-
Look at an $18 suit up-
j town and then see ours at
ten.
BROWN^^
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
; 121-123 SANSOME STREET,
. zz: Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
============■■ ALL BLUE SIGNS
■ ' j^^fc, ■%,'%<i>.^'^
ASTORIA CALLS
FOR MILITIA
Oregon Guards Ordered in
Readiness to Move
at Once.
COLUMBIA RIVER WAR.
Renewed Excitement Caused by
the Burning of a Large
Cannery.
FURTHER BLOODSHED FEARED.
Striking Fishermen May Resist the
Attempt by the Military to
Restore Order.
PORTLAND, Or., June 9. — It was
learned from a private source to-day that
between midnight and 9 o'clock to-mor
row morning the First Regiment of the
Oregon National Guard will be summoned
to embark for the Lower Columbia River
to take a hand in preventing fishermen's
riots. There is an understanding among
the companies that they are to be prepared
to go on an hour's notice. There is a
strong Tinder-current of excitement per
vading Portland to-day over the prospect
of war on the river. The secrecy covering
the movements of the National Guard
leads to numerous baseless rumors, which
are ridiculous on the face of them. The
militia officials evidently are afraid to
deny street rumors because by so doing it
would appear that they are attaching too
much importance to them.
Notwithstanding the fact that the gravity
of the situation down the river demands
some action (unless the counsel for arbi
tration is listened to) there is a feeling
here that the presence of the National
Guard below will only foment more strife,
and at the end of the campaign leave mat
ters in worse condition than they were at
the beginning.
The burning of the cannery at Cook's
fishing station, on the Washington side of
the river, last night is responsiDle for the
fresh agitation and for the call for the
militia. That, however, is Washington's
trouble, and has nothing to do with the
Oregon side of the trouble.
Brigadier-General Beebe of the Oregon
National Guard is absolutely non-com
mittal upon the Columbia River situation,
neither denying nor affirming the report
that the First Regiment bad received
marching orders. It is certain, though,
that if the militia come into contact with
the desperate fishermen there will be act
ual war and great loss of life. The fisher
men are well armed, and will resist the
encroachment of all military regulars or
militia.
Portland Threatened by a Flood.
PORTLAND, Or., June 9.— Willamette
and Columbia rivers are still rising rap
idly. Nothing but the cool weather now
prevailing in Willamette Valley prevents
the water from flooding Front street.
Should the weather turn warmer for two
or three days it is safe to predict that the
water will reach Third-street cehara. For
the past forty-eight hours businessmen on
Front street have been moving all goods
from the lower floors in anticipation of a
flood. The river is now twenty-one feet
above low tide, and some damage is being
caused along the water front.
Called to a Redwood Pulpit.' l
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., June 9.— The
trustees and officials of the Congregational
Church ofthis city have decided to extend
a call to Key. Frederick Mooar of Niles to
fill the vacancy caused by the resignation
of Rev. L. D. Rathbone. Mr. Kathbone
has been called to the pastorate of the
Congregational Church at Santa Rosa
after a service here of nine years. Mr.
Mooar is a graduate of the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary.
34
FRESNO RUSSIANS
SHIELD A DEMON
Officers Thwarted in the
Search for a Triple
Murderer.
HIS NEIGHBORS SILENT
Believed to Possess Knowledge
of the Butchery of the
Shahamarians.
ARMENIANS TAKE ACTION.
Will Offer a Reward for the Astas
sin's Capture—A Race War
Is Feared.
FRESNO, Cai-., June 9.— The officers in
vestigating the assassination of Stephen
Shahamarian and his son and daughter
are now fully convinced that the mur
derer is among the Russians of Russian
town, and they have gleaned information
which is likely to lead to arrests within
the next twenty-four hours. The assertion
has been ventured that nearly every Rus
sian in Fresno knows who the murderer
is. Every one of them is Bhowing an in
clination not to talk of the mystery. In
fact, they appear to have no interest in
the case when approached, and have noth
ing to say.
These people area strange people. They
came from a province in Russia bordering
on Germany, and speak the German lan
guage. There are three classes of them in
Russiantown, but in time of trouble they
bane together on any kind of a proposi
tion. The class among which it is believed
the murderer can be found is low and ig
norant. They possess many of the char
acteristics of wild Indians. They would
consider that for the outrages by Benja
min Shahamarian, the murdered youth,
upon their- children and wives the whole
family ought to be exterminated. Their
character is such that human life would be
readily taken in expiation of some wrong
done them. Having been wronged by
Benjamin Ehahamarian, these people
would not be above the commission of the
tragedy in which three lives were so atro
ciously sacrificed last. Friday night.
And with true animal instinct, these
people will do everything in their power
to assist any of their own number to escape
punishment for wrongs done another class,
with which they are in no way allied.
There has always been hard feelings be
tween the Russian and Armenian colonies,
which adjoin each other, and because a
Russian killed an Armenian a Russian is
going to do nothing against his fellow
countryman.
Even some of the Armenians are afraid
to assist in an investigation of the case.
Before the triple murder two Armenian
families, living neighbors to Albert Bran
denberg and Rev. Jacob Legler, told a
number of persons that Mrs. Brandenberg
had told them that her husband would
kill Benjamin Shahamarian when he re
turned home and learned how the Arme
nian youth had wronged his little girl.
These Armenian families now refuse to
substantiate their statements. From
other Armenians it is gathered that these
two families are fearful of saying anything
against the Russians lest they, too, be
murdered.
Some of the leading Armenians of
Fresno will raise a reward for the capture
of the murderer. They had intended to
do so immediately after the murder, but
local officers dissuaded them. Last even
ing they met and adopted the following
resolutions:
Wheksas, A terrible crime has been com
mitted In our midst, and the victims of this
tragedy were our neighbors, friends and coun
trymen; therefore be it
Resolved, Wo hereby pledge our loyalty and
devotion to the country of our adoption, hold
ing sacred its laws and customs, and believing
that those lavs should, must and shall be pre
served.
That we, of Armenian nationality, but of
American citizenship, do vigorously and unre
servedly condemn' and denounce all attempts
8t lawless violence or resistance of the law of
the land.
Thai we, as people, are shocked and horrified
by the recent brutal murder of Stephen Shaha
marian and family, and we hereby pledge our
selves that we will give every assistance within
our power toward helping officers of the law
to discover the guilty party end to bring such
party to punishment under the law.
That, having left our native land on account
of oppression, coming to America for the pur
pose of securing blersings of liberty, believing
that human liberty does not mean license, an
archy, Nihilism or mob violence, but rather
that liberty means strict observation
of all regulations adopted by a major
ity ol the people ol this country, we
admonish and implore our friends and
countrymen to take no violent and unlawful
meant of wreaking justice or vengeance on <
the assassin when he or they may be discov
ered. Let us as people and as loyal American
citizens do nothing that in after years may
stand as a reproach to the general character
and reputation of tho Armenian people ol
Fresno.
That in the death of Stephen Shahamarian
and family we have lost some of our beet and
kindest oi neighbors and friends; the State has
lost good citizens and the community valuable
members.
That to the surviving relatives we extend
our heartfelt sympathy in this hour of bereave
ment. Respectfully submitted,
John M. Sep.opian,
H. Vartanian,
J. E. AZHDERIAN,
Committee.
These resolutions were passed in view of
the excitement on the part of the Armeni
ans against the Russians. The Armenians
now hate all Russians, and trouble in that
part of the city would not come entirely
unexpected.
CAPAN FALLCE ASSASSIN.
Official Investigation of the Killing of.
Aged It. ii. Maxwell.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 9.— District
Attorney R. E. Hopkins left last evening
for Capay Valley and was there joined by
Constable W. T. Moore of Capay Town
ship, and the two immediately proceeded
to the scene of the shooting of aged It. L.
Maxwell on April 6.
While the old man was engaged in chop
ping wood on his claim in the extreme
western part of Yolo County he was shot
by two boys named McMillan, aged 11 and
9 years, respectively. At first it was be
lieved that the shot that caused the old
man's death was fired accidentally, but the
district attorney has received several com
munications or late from prominent resi
dents of the valley, asking him to make
an investigation, as they believed that the
shooting had been instigated by other
persons. Mr. Hopkins was compelled to
postpone the matter until the present
time. It ■is probable tnat arrests will fol
low his visit to Capay. -;* •/?;
SHERIFF TOLO`S SHERIFF.
Action for Damages Brought by a Man
' Arrested on Suspicion.
'WOODLAND, Cal., June 9.— The suit of
Frank Whitfield vs. ex-Sheriff H. D.
Wyckoff for $10,000 damages for false im
prisonment came up for trial this morn
ing, and on application of the plaintiff
was continued until next September.
Wyckoff arrested Whitfield on suspicion
of his having been one of the murderers of
Louis Todhunter in Washington, but
Whitfield soon proved his innocence. The
case has attracted widespread attention, as
it involves the right of an officer to arrest
a man on suspicion and hold him without
a warrant. It is probable that the suit
will never come up again, for if a judg
ment was gained the bondsmen of the
Sheriff could not be held responsible.
SANTA ROSA LITIGATION.
Opponents of the New Water System
Lodge Another Complaint Against
the City.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 9.— The re
cent decision of Judge Daingerfield in the
case of Mock vs. Santa Rosa seems to have
infused new life into the opposition to the
new water system. The latest phase of
this famous litigation is the reviving of an
old suit entitled the Santa Rosa Water
Works vs. Santa Rosa. In an amended
and supplemental complaint the plaintiff
sets forth all of the charges made in an
old case of Mock against the city and many
new ones.
The new complaint alleges that the
bonds for $161,000 in the hands of Selig
man A Co. are not sold to them or any
other person; that the alleged Garratt-
Effey bid was $63,000 more than would
have been paid had the contract been let
publicly; that the city ha.s lost $7,
-878 by reason of changes made in the
specifications for layine pipe; that the
reservoir, pumps, boilers and hydrants
put in by Perkins are different from those
of the Monjeau plans; that the city dis
regarded the order of the court in supply
ing Perkins with money to operate the
works and to pay for material; that unless
water consumers are compelled to pay
enough to meet the cost of construction
and of operating the works the plaintiff
and other taxpayers will have to help pay
the cost; that about 500 persons are using
the city water without paying for it.
The plaintiff's last declaration reiterates
the charges of collusion between the only
two bidders— Robert Effey and Garratt &
Co.— and asks that the bonds be recalled,
the contract with Effey canceled, and that
the city be enjoined from accepting any
part of the new system constructed by
Panl B. Perkins.
Suicide at Havilah,
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 9.— Justice
of the Peace Wiiliam Menzell of Havilah
committed suicide to-day by shooting him
self. Menzel was a pioneer hotel man and
& prominent Republican.
VISALIA'S BANDIT LEADER
Meshes of the Law Are Closing
Around Silas Lovren,
Plotter.
Arms Found Upon Outlaw McCall's
Bojy Identified as His
Property.
VISALIA, Cal., June 9.— Thirteen wit
nesses for the prosecution testified to-day
at the trial of Silas Lovren for complicity
in the attempted train hold-up at Tagus
on March 18.
Felix Miller, ex-Deputy Marshal, testi
fied to having seen Suspect John Haynes
enter Lovren's saloon by a side door one
night in March. He saw and shook hands
with Outlaw Dan McCall there the same
night. James Puttee, a musician, swore
thatLovern sentnim after some red cheese
cloth. Not rinding the desired article at a
store he returned the money and told
Lovren to get it himself. This cloth was
presumably wanted for masks for the out
laws. About 9 o'clock on the same day —
March 18— he saw Dan McCall come in and
hand Lovren his overcoat. Several re
volvers and rifles were brought into the
saloon that day. Dan McCall, after ex
amining one, said, "I guess it's all right "
R. E. Wood and W. A. Ward, clerks, said
that Pattee visited the store in which they
were employed and asked for red gauze.
Later Lovren came in and demanded
why they had not given Pattee what he
asked for. Leon Goldstein, the clerk who
sold the cloth to Lovren, identified pieces
of red cheese cloth which formed McCall's
mask, saying that they looked exactly
like the cloth sold to Lovren. The red
cloth around the lantern found at the Mc-
Cau wood camp was also shown to the
witness. He said it was similar to that
sold io Lovren.
Deputy Sheriff W. E. Russell, who was
next called, said he arrested John Haynes
on the 19th of March, early in the morn
ing, at his home on the Symington place,
about eight miles northeast of Visalia. On
the way back to town he and the prisoner
stopped at Outlaw McCali's cabin. In the
cabin they found some red cloth, sacks,
sandals or moccasins, some letters and a
lantern. The various articles were shown
to the witness and identified by him.
Jo P. Carroll, The Call correspondent,
was the next witness. He went with Of
ficer Bernstein on the morning of March
19, when Haynes was arrested. Mr. Meade
took a piece of red cloth from inside of
the cabin and on the outside they found
four pieces of rawhide and a sack. The
articles were taken to the Sheriff's office.
On cross-examination by General Kittrell
the witness had to tell the story over again.
He said he went to Tulare on the night of
March 18 with Constable Bernstein. When
he left for Tulare ne did not know that a
hold-up was contemplated, but on the road
was lold by Bernstein that there would be
a train robbery, the officers having received
an anonymous warning.
The weapons used by Outlaw Dan Mc-
Call, in the battle which ended in his death
after he had wounded Officers Reed and
Daggett, were identified by several wit
nesses as having belonged to Lovren.
NORTHPORT STREET AFFRAY.
Three Men Fight With Ax mnd Knives
and One Is Dying.
NORTHPORT, Wash., June 9.— A des
perate fight, which will probably end fa
tally, occurred this morning on the main
street of Northport. The participants
were John Becker. Clayton Vance and a
man named Bennett, all three being
freighters. The dispute arose between
Bennett and Becker over a trivial matter,
and they came to blows. Bennett received
the worst of this, and Vance, not satisfied,
joined in the fray to help Becker. Ben
nett drew a knife and stabbed Vance twice,
once in the shoulder and once in the head.
Becker in the meantime procured an ax
and threatened Bennett, who ran across
the street and through a livery stable op
posite, with the others in hot pursuit.
When they emerged from behind the liv
ery barn Bennett had a frightful wound
in his back, the result of a blow from the
ax. He cannot recover.
Soqufl Rancho Litigation.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 9.— The con
test of the application of Mrs. Elizabeth
Peck for letters of administration on the
estate of Martina Castro Depeaux was
heard in the Superior Court to-day. George
C. Koss of Redwood City for Mrs. Peck
contended that the ground of the contest,
that there was no estate to administer,
could not be set up by th» defendants, for
the reason that they claim to be parties of
interest in the property. Judge Logan
took the case under advisement.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
GIVEN THE KEY
TO NAPA`S GATES
The Native Daughters Take
Formal Possession of
the Town.
SPEECHES AND MUSIC.
Residents Tender a Reception
To the Grand Parlor
Delegates.
BUSINESS SESSIONS BEGIN.
Gratifying Progress of the Order
Shown by the Grand Sec
retary's Report.
NAPA, Cal., Jane 9.— The Grand Parlor,
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
was called to order at 10:30 o'clock this
morning in Odd Fellows' Hall, by Grand
President Bertola, and remained in session
until 4 o'clock, with an« ntermission for
dinner. After the report of the committee
on credentials had been received, the
president read her annual message. Re
ports were received from all the grand
officers and district deputies, and referred
to the committee on state of the order.
A general discussion of various topics
under the head of "Good of the Order,"
completed the session.
Tne grand secretary's report gave a re
sume of reports from subordinate parlors.
It showed the present number of parlors
to be sixty-five, and membership 2288, a
net gain of three parlors and 305 members
during the past year. One hundred ana
Reventy-eight members have been helped
by sicic benefits in a total sum of $2768,
making the grand total thus paid during
the life of the order over $15,000. The
year's expenses of the Grand Parlor have
been $23.36; receiptu for the same time,
$2768; balance now in the treasury, $2325.
A grand reception was tendered the
delegates in the opera-house this evening.
Mayor J. A. Fuller, with a short speech,
presented to Grand President Bertola the
key of the city, and Frank L. Coombs de
livered an address of welcome.
To these speeches the grand president
replied briefly, but in well-worded phrase.
The Asylum band under the direction of
Jacob Streb played a number of selections.
Misses Laura Pugh and Gertrude Lamdin
executed musical nnmbers on the piano,
and Mrs. E. W. Churchill, Mrs. Richard
Wylie, Miss Trowbridge and Dr. W. H.
Evans rendered vocal selections. Miss F.
W. Applegate gave a recitation, and then
refreshments were served. The attend
ance was very large.
To-morrow evening the delegates will
visit the Napa Asylum, where an amateur
theatrical performance will be given, fol
lowed by a dance.
Tnere are now present at the session,
according to the report of the committee
on credentials, the following grand officers
and delegates :
Past grand presidents — Mrs. Tina L. Kane,
Ursula No. 1; Mrs. Carrie Darham, Joaquin
No. 5; Miss C K. Wittenmyer, Ramona No. 21;
Miss M. B. Wilkin, Santa Cruz No. 26; Miss
Minnie Coulter, Santa Rosa No. 4; Miss E. A.
Spencer, Occidental No. 28.
Grand president— Miss M. Bortola, Ramona
No. 21.
Grand vice-president— Mrs. M. Tillman, Mi
nerva No. 2.
Grand secretary— Mrs. Georgia Ryan, Buena
Vista No. 63.
Grand treasurer— Mrs. I. Faure, Alta No. 3,
Grcnd marshal— Mrs. Alison Watt, Manza
nita No. 29.
Grand inside sentinal— Mrs. Josephine De
voy, Occident No. 28.
Grand outside sentinel— Miss M. McKee, An
gelita No. 32.
Grand trustees— Mrs. Belle Conrad, Darda
nelle No. 66; Miss Martha Hahman, Santa
Rosa No. 4; Mrs. Evelyn Anderson, Oro Fino
No. 9; Mrs Helene Juarez, Kshcol No. 16;
Mrs Belle Douglass, Laurel No. 6.
Delegates from Ursula No. 1, Jackson— Miss
Catie A. Maher, Mrs. Kate Delahide.
Minerva No. 2, San Francisco— Miss Carrie
Creigh, Miss Annie Donaldson.
Alta No. 3, San Francisco— Miss Mary Connor,
Mrs. J. A. Steinbach, Miss Mary Noonan, Miss
Lizzie Douglass, Mrs. Dora King.
Santa Rosa No. 4, Santa Rosa— Mlsb Pollie
Coulter.
Joaquin No. 8, Btockton— Mrs. LenaH. Mills.
Laurel No. 6, Nevada City— Mrs. Ella Floyd.
Oro Fino No. 9, San Francisco — Miss Ruby
Mansor, Miss AbbleMcLaughlin.
Bonita No. 10, Redwood City— Miss Jennie
C.Kelley.
Marguerite No. 12, Placerville— Miss Louise
Shephard, Mrs. Katie T. Briggs.l
Eshcoi No. 16, Napa— Mrs. Dell Stockmon.
Alameda No. 18, Alameda— Mrs. Sophie
Schroeder.
Ramona No. 21, Martinez— Mrs. Allie Mc-
Craney.
Califia No. 22, Sacramento— Mrs. Allie
Poole, Mrs. Ena Gett, Miss Katherine Winn.
La Esperanza No. 24, Los Angeles— Miss Celia
Katze.
Santa Cms No. 26, Santa Cruz, Miss May
Linscott, Mrs. Daisy Longley.
Sanford No. 27. Benicia— Miss Eudora Glover.
Occident No. 28, Eureka— Miss Bessie Bald
win.
Manzanita No. 26, Grass Valley— Miss Clara
Uphoff, Miss Annie Conlin.
Golden Bar No. 30, Sierra City— Mrs. Carrie
Busch Cook.
Angelita No. 32, Livermore — Mrs. Mac I.
Beck.
La Corona No. 33, Chico— Miss Harriette
Eames.
El Parajo No. 35, Watsonville — Misa Eva
Leland, Mrs. Lucia Graham.
Naomi No. 36, Downieville— Mrs. Aggie Mc-
Naughton.
Parrl No. 37, Dixon— Miss Maggie Apperson.
Chispa No. 40, lone— Mrs. Addle Bagley.
Camelia No. 41, Anderson— Mrs. Maude An
derson.
Sierra No. 42, Dutch Flat— Mrs. Mary Mc-
Cormick.
Ruby No. 46, Murphys— Miss Annie Snyder.
Union No. 49, Arcata— Mrs. Minnie E. HalL
Golden Stale No. 50, San Francisco— Miss
Rosa Day.
Felicidad No. 52, Anaheim— Miss Beatrice
Smythe.
El Tapome No. 55, Weavervllle— Mlbs Nellie
Condon.
Orinda No. 06, San Francisco— Miss Annie
Gruber.
Fremont No. 59, San Francisco— Mrs. F. Bar
bon.
Olivinia No. 61, Alvarado— Mrs. Nellie Foley.
Mariposa No. 63, Mariposa — Miss Annie
Kcarns.
Rio Bravo No. 65,- Bakersfleld— Mrs. Emma
Atchison.
Dardanelle No. 66, Sonora— Mrs. Lottie Van
Harlinßer, Miss Irene G. Hall.
Las Palmas No. 07, Ventura— Miss Edith
Bonestel.
Buena Vista No. 68. San Francisco— Mrs.
Annie Simpson, Mrs. Nellie Rader, Mrs. Agnes
Lunstedt.
Columbia No. 70, Frencn Corral— Miss Kate
Farre'.ley.
Oneonta No. 71, Ferndale— Mrs. Clara Brice.
Las Lomas No. 72, San Francisco— Miss Mary
Waters.
California No. 74, Marysville— Miss Kato S.
Shields.
Veritas No. 75, Merced— Miss Flora Gold
man.
Crescent No. 76, Crescent City— Miss Irene
Mn sick.
JuanitaNo. 78, Amador— Miss Gertrude Cul
bert.
Vesta No. 78, Sierra Valley— Mrs. Stacy Slip
ner.
Lauestinus No. 79, Madera— Miss Mamie
Mace.
Amapola No. 80, Sutler Creek— Laura J.
Frakes.
San Jose No. 81, San Jose— Miss Louise Carto.
El Pescadera No. 82, Tracy— Mrs. Emma Cox.
Yosemite No. 83, San Francisco— Miss Mary
McNeill.
Princess No. 84, Angels Camp— Mrs. Edith
Con'cordia No. 85, Concord— Miss Jennie Bar
rc tt
Forrest No. 86, Plymouth— Mrs. Callie
Shields.
Piedmont No. 87, Oakland-Mrs. Jennie
Brown, Mrs. Li Hie Paul.
Ivy No. 88, Lodi-Miss Bessie Tredway.
La Estrella No. 89, San Francisco— Mrs. Lil
lian A. Carlie.
IN REDWOOD CITY COURT.
Hearing of the First and Final Account
of the Special Administrator
of the Lux Estate.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., June 9.— The
first and* final account of James Crowe,
special administrator of the estate of
Charles Lux, deceased, was heard in the
Superior Court this afternoon. The usual
crowd of attorneys, heirs expectant and
curious were present. There was J. H.
Campbell with Henry Lux and his sons
in-law, Mcßride and Major Pott, from San
Jose; San Francisco was represented by
Attorneys Rix and Mastick; Judge Fitz
patrick was on hand to look out for the in
terests of the special administrator; George
C. Ross, as attorney for the executors, was
in evidence, and last, but not by any
means ieast, was the executor himself, the
victor in a renewal contest lasting for
months— smiling and serene Jesse Sheldon
Potter.
Mr. Rix first engaged the attention of
the court ana retired apparently satisfied
with an order for $7400 to reimburse
Thomas B. Bishop for moneys expended
on account of Expert Reynold's little $20
per day job.
The hearing of the special administra
tor's account was then taken up. That
gentleman took the stand and testified to
having received on partition and sale of
real estate on March 20 last $47,415, and on
March 24, $19,978 After paying Sten
ographer Potter a pittance of $1145 he re
ported as having on hand $66,245
Mr. Campbell wanted the court to order
the payment from the funds of the estate
$150 tor reporting Mr. Delmas' argument
at the close of the contest. Mr. Ross ob
jected, remarking that counsel ought to
pay the Dill himself and the court agreed
with him.
As to the compensation of special ad
ministrator and his counsel, Mr. Ross said
the executor was desirous that they should
be paid not only fairly, but even liberally.
The matter was reserved by Judge Buck
for consideration.
Mr. Ross asked for an order to pay eight
legacies of $1000 each, but Mr. Campbell
objected and the subject was dropped.
Counsel for the executor asked that the
funds on hand be turned over to the exec
utor, but the court thought best to wait.
This ended another step of an apparently
interminable litigation.
DEMOCRATS OF NEVADA
The Straight-Out Faction of the
Party Will Convene in
Reno To-Day.
Rival Delegations to Be Sent From
the State to the Chicago
Convention.
RENO, Nev., June 9.— The Democratic
Mass State Convention meets here to-mor
row. It was called by the straight-out
wing of the party, headed by Ryan and
Dennis, and in opposition to the Keating-
Adams faction, which bolted the Presi
dential nominees four years ago, but
which, however, secured several Federal
offices in the State. Seventeen members
of the latter faction met in Carson re
cently and elected delegates to the Na
tional Convention.
The convention to-morrow will select
delegates and probably nominate electors,
and perhaps a State ticket. It was re
ported that the Keating men offered to
settle the differences between the two
wings and compromise by dividing equally
the delegates, but the straight-outs now
refuse to consider any proposition which
does not include the retiring of Keating
from prominence in party affairs in this
State.
They charge that he has betrayed the
party at nearly every State election in the
past twenty years, and declare he no
longer have a voice in Democratic councils.
They furthermore charge that he is in
league with the Eastern "gold Dug" ele
ment, and is secretly working in its inter
est.
The feeling is extremely bitter, and un
less a compromise is effected, which now
seems improbable, Nevada will send two
sets of delegates to Chicago. Every occ
who voted the Democratic State ticket two
years ago will bo entitled to a vote in to
morrow's convention. This will exclude
the Keating men, who, it is charged, sup
ported the Silver party State ticket.
Theodore Winters, J. H. Dennis, George
Humphrey of Washoe, Peter Webber of
White Pine, Wertenheim of Lincoln and
John Wagner of Ormsby are spoken of as
probable delegates to the National Conven
tion.
ALASKA DEMOCRATS.
Delegates to Chicago Instructed to Tote
as a Unit.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., June 9.—
Alaska Democrats held a convention at
Juneau on June 1, at which the following
were selected as delegates to the Chicago
convention, going with no instructions
except to vote as a unit and being equally
divided oh the main question: United
States Marshal S. L. \villiams, United
States Court Clerk C. D. Rogers; George
R. Tingle, ex- United States Treasury
Ageni in charge of the seal islands; Attor
ney R. F. Lewis, Captain James Carroll of
the steamship Queen andß. D. Crittenden
of Wrangel. "Alternates: A. J. Daly, K.
Koehler, Atorney John Trumbull of Port
Townsend, C. A. Hart, D. B. Murphy of
San Francisco, and L. Blumenthal, United
States customs inspector.
LOS ANGELES CONVENTION
Walnut-Growers of Southern California
Assemble.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 9.— The con
vention of walnut-growers of Southern
California opened here this morning. Its
purpose is to amalgamate the several asso
ciations, so that the walnut crop may be
m arketed to the best advantage and to do
away with the middlemen's profit. Presi
dent A. E. Davis of University was re
elected and S. Ross of Fullerton was chosen
secretary.
One of the principal subjects discussed
was the preparation of nuts for marketing.
This discussion was participated in by
Messrs. A. Dorman, C. A. Coffraan, J. L.
Montgomery and T. Gooch of Rivera, and
B. F. Porter, A. T. Pendleton, A. McDer
mot, A. W. Worms and S. Ross of Fuller
ton. At the session this afternoon Mr.
McDermot spoke in favor or organizing a
central board, whose duty would be to
meet and adjust prices in order to prevent
any competition among members of the
various associations.
Seattle Railway Sale Confirmed.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 9.— The fore
closure sale of the Seattle, Lake Shore and
Eastern Railroad, made recently in this
city for $1,000,000 by Eben Smith, master in
chancery, was to-day confirmed by Federal
Judge Hanford, and an order signed ap
portioning the money among the creditors,
the*indebiedness being about $6,000,000.
Elk Horn Uostlrr Killed.
ANGELS CAMP, Cal., June 9.— Thomas
Dowe, a hostler employed by the Rageios
Stage Company at Elk Horn station, was
kicked over the stomach by a horse this
afternoon, and died two hours later,
DENTISTS MEET
AT SANTA CRUZ
Knights of the Drill and
Forceps Gather in
Convention.
NEW IDEAS DISCUSSED.
Devising Means to Win the Con
fidence of Suffering
Mankind.
WELCOMED BY MAYOR CLARK.
Delegates Tendered a Reception* in
the Sea Beach Hotel
at Night.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 9. — Th»
twenty-sixth annual convention of the
California State Dental Association
opened this afternoon at the Sea Beach
Hotel. There was a large attendance,
though the delegates had not all arrived,
many coming in on the evening train.
All the officers were present at rolicali.
President Hays introduced H. H. Clark,
Mayor of Santa Cruz, this afternoon. In
his address of welcome the Mayor said
there was incongruity in the headlines of
a local paper that called the dentists
"tooth drawers" and "jolly fehows."
The memory of his first experience in a
dentist chair had given hiir^the impres
sion that they were anything but "jolly";
yet he had become a dentist many years
ago, and when he left that profession for
the medical profession he did not know
but he had jumped out of the frying-pan
into the fire.
The Mayor referred to tne progress of
dentistry in the past quarter of a century
in America and stoutly censured European
countries for their refusal to recognize the
professional men of this country until they
graduated from European colleges. He
suggested a like treatment in this country
of foreigners until the rule should be
changed abroad. The Mayor concluded
with a welcome that would not require the
visitors to keep off the grass.
President Hays responded to the wel
come in a review of the progress that had
been made by the association and thanked
the Mayor for his generous welcome.
President Hays appointed as committee
on order of business Drs. Walter F. Lewis,
W. de Crow, N. I. Boone. The following
applications for membership were re
ceived: T. W. Drulard, Santa Cruz ; L. L.
White, W. H. Halsey. George W. Rodolph,
Oakland; F. E. Sawyer, San Rafael; M. P.
Inglish, Vacaville; M. O. Wyatt, Winters;
F. D. Ashworth, Clyde S. Payne, San Fran
cisco; Emma T. Read, San Diego.
President Hays called Vice-President
Cool to the ohair and proceeded to the de
livery of a brief annual address, which
was an encouraging resume of the progress
of the association and of dentistry gener
ally within the past year. He referred
feelingly to the death of Dr. W. E. Nye of
Healdsburg, which occurred in South
America within the year. The president's
address was discussed by Drs. C. L. God
dard, J. L. Asay, W. F. Lewis. F. H. Met
calf, W. de Crow, A. F. Merriman Jr., F.
Pague, F. W. Bliss and Mayor Clark.
Professor M. J. Sullivan read a paper
written by Dr. E. A. Lunday of Simla,
India, on "Dentistry in India." It was
discussed by Drs. L. Van Orden, J. P. Par
ker and F. C. Pague. The paper was in
teresting in its dealing with the habits of
the people and the profession of dentistry
among the natives.
The Session Hall of the Sea Beach Hotel
has been handsomely decorated in red,
white and blue. Tiae decorations are
unique in construction and pretty in ap
pearance. The gab|e-shaped ceiling
is draped in these National colors and
dressed in roses and other beautiful flow
ers that grow so abundantly on the
grounds surrounding tne hotel. A parlor
which will be used for a committee-room
is dressed in evergreens and flowers, the
tasteful work of Mrs. John It. Chace.
A feature of the reception to-night in the
parlors of the hotel was a musical pro
gramme by local talent, assisted by some
of the delegates. Owing to the length of
the programme the address by Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter was postponed. After the
reception the guests were conducted to the
ballroom. The grand march was led by
Miss W. T. Jeter of Santa Cruz and Dr.
Cool of Oakland.
The practical work of the convention
wil! begin to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
Besides the reading of papers and discus
sion of their subjects the delegates will
jdve clinics, at which will be demon
strated subjects of interest to the profes
sion and of value to the patrons. A great
many persons in San Francisco at these
conventions have taken advantage of these
clinics and secured dental service free that
they would have been obliged to forego
had they been compelled to pay for the
work. There are not so many patients to
be found in Santa Cruz, but enough to en
able the dentists to give to each other thft
benefit of their experiments.
All sessions will be held at the Sea Beach
Hotel. The convention will close on the
12th inst. The following topics are to be
presented and discussed in the convention :
Dr. L. Van Orden, San Francisco— "A Non-
Part Isan Consideration of Amalgam Alloys and
Gold as Filling Materials."
Dr. J. N. Whitney, Honolulu.
Dr. F. W. Bliss, Santa Cruz— "Aluminlzed
Gutta Percha."
Dr. J. L. Asay, San Jose— "A Retrospect of a
Half Century.""
Dr. A. F. Merriman Jr., Oakland— "How to
Elevate the Standard of the Dental Profession."
Dr. F. H. Metcalf, Sacramento — '•Report on
Dental Education."
Dr. C. L. Goddard, San Francisco — "Forced
Occulsion of Bicuspids and Molars." Illus
trated with lantern slides.
Dr. W. C. Reith, Sacramento— "Anesthesia."
Dr. J. M. Dunn, Oakland— "The Artram,
Diseases of, and Its Functions."
Dr. Walter F. Lewis, Oakland— "Report of
Committee on Therapeutics."
Dr. U. W. Meek, Oakland, "Report of Com
mittee on Pathology and Surgery."
Dr. L. A. Teague, San Francisco— "Report Of
Committee on Operative Dentistry."
Dr. J. Foster Flagg, Swarthmore, Pa.
Di. Russell H.Cool, Oakland— "Popular Dis
semination of Dental Knowledge." (Illustrated
with lantern slides.)
Dr. E. A. Lunday, Simla, India— "Dentistry
in India."
Dr. Max Sichel, San Francisco— "Dental Ce
ment."
Dr. A. H. Suggett, Marysville—"Therapeu
tics."
Following are the subjects to be demon
strated at the daily cJinics:
Dr. A. H. Suggett, Marysville, "Use of Bon
will Mallet With Ko. 30 Williams Foil."
Dr. L. B. Holmes, Woodland, "Combination
Crown"; "New Air Motor."
Dr. F. C. Pague, San Francisco, "Filling
Roots of Pulpless TGeth."
Dr. C. L. Goddard, San Francisco, "Electrical
Furnace and Orthodontia Appliances."
Dr. J. A. W. Lundborg, San Francisco, "Re
.plantion. 1 '
Dr. Frank L. Platt, Ban Francisco, "Open
faced Cuspid Crown."
Dr. A. H. Mories, Alameda, "Mountgin a
nF*"^^ . , The singular discovery of the
X^E^^^. Hfl^ old Hudsonian doctors 'is the
Y^. *"^ =s;^r^aß ; ''^s marvel of the nineteenth cen-
tur y- This wonderful remedio-
Jr%s treatment, Hudyan, is the harm-
/^H 3^ P^ ess remedy that has been in
fMrSL ?S^^^ use or a su c i en * time to place
fmm/isfgrAkt*. the Hudsonian discoverers in
V B IY i Hudyan is always used in those
VS^ *$z&Mlfw / cases " where Hudyan would be
Ng^ Y*V(\{*.. J indicated. Hudyan is not for
rig:? !^--" V sale by Tom, Dick and Harry.
You get Hudyan direct from the
Hudson Medical Institute, or you don't get it.
Stops the waste of the body as soon as it is thoroughly in the
body. Hudyan cures prematureness of the discharge in twenty
days. Hudyan is the remedy you need when you lack vim,
energy, or when your powers are falling. Hudyan
J -OITRBS . •
Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility, Blues, Melancholia, Constipa-
i tion, Falling Sensations, Dizziness, Lack of Energy, Lack of
i Power, Lack of Capacity, Nervous Twitching of the Eyes and
other parts. Hudyan cures Nervousness. Hudyan develops and
restores weak organs. If you are suffering from bad dreams, if
you always feel blue, tired aud disconsolate, if you are looking
into the depths of despair you should use the great Hudyan.
Hudyan can only be had of the old Hudson Medical Institute.
Write or call for
: OIRCnXjAZIS -A.IiJ33
: 1 > > I7XIVa:<33XrX./VTjiß. :
HUDSON WEBICAL LNSTITUYE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets.
BLOOD TAINTS SHOW— -Pimples-
— Copper-colored Spots — — Sore Mouth —
—Sore Throat— —Falling Hair—
— Enlarged Lumps — — Glandular Lumps —
— Skin Eruptions — — Partial Loss of Eyebrow
— Sore Eyes—
When in this condition don't go to Hot Springs, go to the old
doctors of Hudson. You can sometimes arrest the poison in
thirty days.
: BLOOD OXJ3FS.33S. :
Free. Call or write
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.
Logan Crown or Making and Mounting a Gold
Crown."
Dr. F. M. Hackett, San Francisco, "Removal
of Salivary ana Serumal and Salivary Cal
culus."
Dr. 11. G. Richards, San Francisco, "Hollings
worth's Crown and Bridge Appliances."
Dr. E. M Porter, Napa, "Taking the Bite."
Dr. If. A. Greenlaw, San Francisco, "Downey
Crown."
Dr. A. N. Copsey. San Francisco.
Dr. Alfred Crane, San Francisco, "Demon
stration of Rotative Plueger."
Dr. A. F. Merriman Jr., Oakland, "Use of
Power and Other Mallets in Gold Building."
Dr. W. C. Reith, Sacramento, "Local Anes
thesia."
Dr. F. H. Metcalf, Sacramento, "Ambidex
trous Operating."
Dr. Russell 11. Cool, Oakland, "Antral Les
sons and Oral Surgery."
Dr. J. E. Cummings, San Francisco, "Porce
lain Shell Crown."
Dr. J. S. Knowlton, San Francisco, "Pros
thetic Dentistry."
Dr. W. Z. King, San Francisco, "Making Por
celain Crown and Backing Without Invest
ing."
The list of officers follows:
President, Irvin W. Hays Jr., Grass Valley;
first vice-president, Russell H. Cool, Oakland;
second vice-president. F. H. Metcalf, Sacra
mento; third vice-president, L. Van Orden.
San Francisco; recording secretary, W. L.
Kin?, San Francisco; corresponding secretary,
w. c. Reith, Sacramento; treasurer, Thomas ■
N. Inglehart, San Francisco.
The standing committees are represented
by the following chairmen:
Pathology and surgery, W. J. Younger;
therapeutics, Walter F. Lewis; chemistry,
Joseph D. Hodgen; operative dentistry, Luther
A Tengue; mechanical dentistry, Joseph G.
Parsons; dental histology, S. E. Knowles; lit
erature and education, P. H. Metcalf; micros
conv \V C. Reith; orthodontia, C. L. God
dard; clinics, L. Van Orden; local arrange
ments, F. W. Bliss; programme, Russell H.
Cool.
DENIED AT STOCKTON.
Reported Recovery of Fabulous Wealth
From a Cocos Island Cache
Not Credited.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 9.— There ap
peared in tne telegraphic dispatches this
morning a story from New York about a
suit to be brought by a San Franciscan,
Richard W. Armstrong, against several
wealthy Bostonians who were said to have
recovered $20,000,000 of the treasure from
the island of Cocos, and to a share of
which Armstrong laid claim.
The contract of the representatives of
the Bostonians with Captain August
Geisstar, by which the charts in the pos
session of the residents of the Hub were to
be used in locating the treasure, were
shown to a Call correspondent to-day.
The Bostonians are Richard and Catherine
Young and William Peyser. Their New
York representatives are Alfred T. Sinker
of New Dorp, Staten Island, and Edwin
Chad wick of Suffern, Rockland County
N. Y.
In March of 1893 they agreed with Geiss
ler that he command an expedition fitted
out by them, and to permit him to take
one-fifth of the buried treasure if located
by their charts. The expedition proved
unsuccessful, and then they wanted Geiss
ler to permit them to operate on the charts
owned by him and Jacob Simon of this
city. This he refused to do, and he parted
company with the Easterners.
Sinde then Geissler has not|departed
from the island, so the story of the finding
of $20,000,000 by means of the Bostonian's
charts is not correct. Since then he ob
taiued, on April 30, 1894, a concession from
the Costa Rican Government, to farm the
island and colonize it, he receiving half
the land on the treasure-island.
lie and Jacob Simon are now carrying
out the terms of this contract with the
bpanish-American republic, and there is
little chance of their permitting Arm
strong or the Boston syndicate to search
again for the buried treasure.
■ .-. ; • ■ — »- , •
Santa Rosa's Celebration.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 9. — The
Fourth of July will' be celebrated here !
with a vigor unsurpassed in former years, i
Never before in the history of Sonoma
County have such elaborate and painstak
ing preparations been made for a patriotic
demonstration. Every band of music ob
tainable has been engaged, including
those from Ukiah, Sonoma, Windsor and
Santa Rosa. At a meeting last night it
wag decided to ask AlOert G. Burnett to
deliver the oration and Mrs. J. B. Davis, a
reader of splendid ability and more than
local renown, to read the Declaration of In
dependence. A $1000 display of fireworks
and the "Modern and Up-to-date Order of
Squeeduncks" will help to amuse the
crowds.
•■ ■
Fire trow a Hotel
BAKERSfIELD, Cal., Jane 9.— Earopa
Hotel, a two-story structure on Nlnetenth
street, was completely destroyed by fire
last night. The blaze was said to have
been caused by the falling of a lamp in
the barroom. There was delay in giving
the alarm, and the fire department could
not save the building. The hotel belonged
to the estate of B. Ardizzi and was leased
by G. Borsi and G. Galii. The loss is
about $5000, covered by insurance.
GAMBLING IN THE WEST.
The Mania Seizes Its Victim* at Soon as
They Arrivo There.
"It is a curious thins; about the conduct
of 'tenderf eet' in Cripple Creek," said C.
W. Allendale of that great mining camp
in a talk with a reporter at the Hotel Page.
"It seems that the mania for gambling
strikes about 90 per cent of all visitors to
the town. Men of -the most conservative
habits at home catch the fever and go to
bucking the tiger inside of twenty-four
hours after landing in our midst.
"Gambling is conducted in the most
open fashion, and most of the places are
run on the square. It often happens that
a fly stranger will make 'a killing,' as they
call a big winning out there, in one of the
resorts where honest methods prevail and
lose it all a few hours later against a brace
game. The bulk of the patronage, how
ever, come from the laboring class — the
miners — who get high wages and who
leave most of their earnings with the
SDorts," — Washington Post.
If the armies of Europe should march
at an eight-mile erait, five abreast, fifteen
inches apart, it would require nine and a
half days for them to pass a given point.
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happiness of
life until after you have suffered and
have been cured of nervousnes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretful, fitful creature —
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the place to eet Mi. McKenzie's
nerve treatment. Call or writs. -
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsaparilla 65c
Paine's Compound 60c
Munyon's 15c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.
Mall Orders Promptly Attneded To,A GROWING BOOM
FOR W. W. FOOTE
His Friends Hustling to
Force the Chairmanship
on Him.
LOS ANGELES FOR HIM
Daggett's Enemies Are Gould's
and the Fight Acquires
the Proper Bitterness.
SENATOR WHITE IS COMING.
The GoM Forces Surrender and Hcpj
Only to Save a Little for the
A. ministration.
As the Democrats advance to the field
where th» battle over the State Convention
chairmanship is to be fought, the prospect
tha: ehilialebs will be freely used and that
pore will lay the dust become stronger.
The chairmanship was much talked
about yesterday. The opposition to Gould
appeared plainer and stronger. The latent
sentiment of the party became more ac
tive. The chairmanship has become for
the time the leading issue, because the
outcome of the convention and the.course
of its events depend so largely on it.
The boom f or Foote waxed stronger.
He repeated during the day that he was
neither a candidate nor a hop, ana that
any way his health was not adapted to a
Democratic convention, but his friends
t;tlke;i with increased cqnn.ience and in
incieased numbers about running him re
gardless of his own wishes; about tne
rising demand for him, which they assert
comes from all quarters of the State, and
the grease spot which they say would be
left of Frank Gould after the vote.
"1$ Foote' a name is presented in the
convention," said one of his friends ye>
terday. "he would be elected with a whirl
and a whoop. Los Angeles would go to
him almost to a man, Alameda would give
him nearly thirty votes, as some Fitzger
ald delegates would go to him, and so it
would go down tiie list of delegations.
Foote will be forced into it."
White is regarded everywhere as also a
man who cwiid have the chairmanship
against Gould on the slightest hint that he
wouid accept it. White and his friends
have not expressed themselves openly,
and the possibilities of his candidacy will
not be apt to be definitely settled until
about the end of the week/when lie is ex
pected home. White will be at the con
vention.
Daggett and McNab. it is said, will in
the hard efforts they will make to keep
White out of the light urge the wisdom of
not imperiling Dis Senatorial chances in
the next Legislature by getting into fights
unnecessarily.
The opponents of Daggett and his well
known ambition to secure a controling
interest in the State machine are generally
opponents of Gould, for the rea-on that
Gould personifies the Daegett-McNab pro
gramme, uouid is an absolute necessity
to Daggett and McNab, for the chairman
will appoint the committees on credentials
and on i>latform and resolutions, and will
undoubtedly appoint the State Executive
Committee.
The anti-Gould people are recounting
some of the evidences of Gould's political
partnership with Daggett and McNab.
which is generally said to have included
an agreement that Gould should be made
chairman of the next State Convention
and Speaker of the next Assembly, and
that otherwise the machinery to be rap
tured sir uld grind a grist for him as well
as for his partners. Ann Would is said to
have an eye on the Governorship.
Gould called a meetins of the State Cen
tral Committee last April in accordance
with arrangements, and cracked through
the Junta programme with such virulent
partisanship, it. is recalled that W. W.
Foote told him during the session that he
was a disgrace to the party.
Before this meeting and after the reso
lution recognizing the Junta was adopted
McNab and other Junta leaders jubi
lantly proclaimed that victory was sure,
because Gould would put their 1«1 dele
gates on the temporary roll and see that
they voted for a chairman who wouid ap
point a friendly committee on crecentiais.
The Daegett-McNab-Rainey people de
clared freely those days that they "had
Gould." At that meeting of the State
Central Committee McNab sat close to
the chairman, giving suggestions that
werp followed and opponents of the Junta
were vigoronsly declared out of order.
When Joseph Rothschild, while speaking,
tried to proceed after an interruption de
claring that he had not finished Chairman
Gould brought down his gavel and said:
"The chair rules that you had finished."
The anti-Gould people ask if this is the
sort of man to rule a Democratic State
Convention, especially when a continua
tion of the programme he is interested in
is one of the chief convention issues.
Gould was first put forth as a candidate
for the cheirmansuip by McNab and Dag
gett. Both lauded him at once, and his
election has been one of the chief aims of
Daggett and McNab, as they have scoured
the State in their political labors, pledg
ing delegates and engaging proxies.
Gould hae been given Mint patronage,
and (he anti-Daggett p-ople say that he is
especially close to Daegett, and is in
fluenced by him more than by McNabb.
Not lon if aeo one feature of the Daggett-
McNab programme came out. It was that
the local party was to be reorganized under
the direction ot the State executive com
mittee which Gould was to appoint when
lie became chairman. It was to be named
largely by Daggett and McNab, and thus
was McNab to secure a controlling in
fim-nce in the new local machine.
Ever since last fall, when Daggett threw
all his political enemy and all his Mint
patronage power into the fight for the local
machine, Daggett has been declarine that
be was interested in nothing lower than
Hate politics. He has tr.ken a keen per
sonal interest in the Assembly District
politics of the Junta, and his friends have
all along explained that what he was after
was the convention delegations, and the
State Central Committee men the district
delegates would elect.
One district, the Thirty-ninth, serves to
show Daggett's pla}. When thecamp;.ign
committee of the Junta was appointed
some weeks ago it was generally known
that Daggett made an especially hard fight
to have J. A. Fenton of the Mint appointed
as tie representative of that district in the
committee. For some reason Dr. W. J.
Gavigan was named. Then as the nomi
nation of delegates came up McNab took
up tn? cause of Dagcett and proposed to
recognize the Fenton faction nominees and
to turn down Gavigan.
It was well understood that McNab was
carrying out a contract with Daggett, and
what Daggett was after was the State Cen
tral Committeeman from that district,
and that he wanted Fenton re-elected.
DagL-ett's programme won out.
With other districts it has been simi
larly well understood aniont; the Junta
people that Daggett wanted the State Con
vention votes and the State Central Com
mitteemen, and that Rainey was to have
the purely local power.
Daggett's iimuition to rise in triumph
above his enemies from the political obliv-
ion in which he rested from the time of
the Stockton convention until Senator
Stanford got him the Mint is natural if
not even laudable.
He is a strong character; the patronage
power he has acquired he wieMs with
vieor as a club, and he ie fighting his way
boldly and ruthlessly to the top. If he
should prove a dominant force at the State
Convention and win a controlling power
in parly affairs there would be written a
striking and wonderful story of political
fortune.
So the opposition to Daggett masses it
self, and so this opposition goes to Dag
getf s oandiiiate for the chairmanship.
The Englishes, Moflitt and Laymaitce,
of Alameda County, are naturally fearful
of Mould, because they have on hand con
tests involving five votes in the Alameda
delegation. The Foote-Laymance faction
have twenty-one delegates and the Fitzger
ald-Daggett faction has fourteen, accord
ing to the crede::tials issued. If a com
mittee on credentials favorable to Daggett
is appointed they are afraid that the con
testants w<>uld be seated, giving a major
ity to the Fitzgerald-Daggett end.
It was said last night by several promi
nent Democrats that before leaving for
Los Angeles John T. Gaffey declared him
self against Gould and in favor of Foote.
It appears certain that the whole Los
Angeles delegation will be against Gould.
McNab and Dapgett's lieutenants de
clare that there is not the slightest danger
of Gould's defeat and that enough votes
are pledged t:> him now to elect him. But
yesterday and last nicr.t Foote's boom was
being worked Dp with shrewd industry.
Gould, it is said, will to-day or to-mor
row make a strong statement declaring
the fairness and impartiality of his inten
tions his silver creed, his hostility to the
railroad and the A. P. A. and especially
his complete independence of John Dag
gett and Gavin MrNab.
A. J. Clunie declared yesterday that
Gould ciild not escape the iact that he is
Dnggett's own candidate.
"I saw Mr. Gould two weeks ago," said
Clunie, "and I asked him what he wanted
to get into this right for. He sai-i that he
j was not a candidate. I said, 'Well, Dag
{:ei! and McNab s:iy you are,' and he re
j plied, "They are making me a candidate;
1 am nut.' "
The 'icrht between the gold and silver
forces, which showed up so strongly with
1 prospects that the si!verites would be in
I tho minority, has faded from sight since
I the landslide to silver in the party ha 3
occurred.
Trie gold men have surrendered. Most
of them are coming out lor silver to be
with the majority. The platform will con
tain a silver plank, but its character is
i doubtful. Many of the silver men say that
if Gould aproints tbe platform committee
jit 3j it 3 report will contain a money pi.inlc that
I will be either weak or a strudule. This and
the indorsement of Cleveland to the full
est extent attainable is all that tne Fed
eral brigade now hopes to accomplish for
the administration.
BURIED PALACES EXHUMED.
Kemains of Komau Grandeur Found in
Kngland.
The discoveries and results of the last
year';? explorations in the ancient Roma
no-British city of Silchester, which are
now on view at the Society of Antiquaries
at Burlington House, are far more impor
tant than those of any previous yrar's
labor's. The area of the site — about 100
acres — is for exploration purposes divided
into a number of equal squares or insulaj,
ai.u m the Insula XIV, near the west gate
of the ci r y, two unusually tine large resi
dences have been exhumed Irom the foun
dation to the height of the dado of the
principal rooms.
The two houses are situated between
the main street running west and east
from the western gaie and another road
parallel with it on the south, the entrances
to both beine from the soiuh street re
ferred to and not from the main street,
toward which are the stables and ether
outhouses.
The westerly house presents the re
markable feature of being built completely
round a central court, instead of on three
sides of it, or with, as in some ca?es, a
wall on the fourtu side. The area of the
building is practically a square of 150 feet.
On the aides of the central open-air court
are two broad wings, with the principal
rooms placed between an outer and an
j iiiner corridor — the grand entrance and
I vestibules being central on the south front
and the rear on the north being closed by
two large rooms within corridors as at the
sides of the edifice.
The inner court, or garden, is also parted
from the vestibules by a corridor. By
these corridors access is freely afforded all
over the ground floor of the building. In
the five principal rooms of the eastern
wing were five magnificent tesselated
pavements, three of which, each twenty
| feet square, have been wholly removed
; an<l put together again in sections — the
j half of each pavement being as much as
! can be displayed in the society's rooms
These are now on view with the rest of
this year's collection.
To give some idea of the extent of this
Roman residence, we may note that this
' western wing of the edifice alone is as
I large as the whole of the Duke oi Devon
! shire'a grand town house in Piccadilly.
We may also observe ttiat there have
never before been tesselated pavements of
such magnitude deposited for inspection
in any temporary exhibition.
The second or easternmost mansion is
not quite a parallelogram in form, being
ltiO feet in length, but broader at the north
than at the south end, the breadth aver
aging about 100 feet. This also has some
remarkable f* attires.
It is two stores in height, the principal
rooms being on the west from about the
midlength to the south extremity, a hand
some tesselated gallery passing at the
north across to a central block of rooms
on the east side. The court is large and in
the southern area, there being a gate in
the eastern wall. In the southeast angle
ot the area is the entrance to the resi
dence, all the ground-floor rooms being
accessible by a corridor, in the course o
which are traces of two stairs, which gave
access to the upper rooms. There is also
on the ground floor, entered from the cor
dor, an interior temple for domestic wor
ship and a square altar for the household
gods.
Tliis residence had, like the westen
house, an outer court on the north, with a
wide gate leading into the main street
The eastern wall of the one house and tb«
western side of the other abutted or
streeis running north and south, and th<
two houses together occupy the whole o
oiip insula.
It is .singular to notice in their designs
and construction the modifications of the
typical Roman house of southern clime;
to the exigencies of our northern region
The Roman house in Pompeii has its
windows opening to the ground, towan
the central court with its fountain, am
the sunshine which enters the court is re
flected from its paving to the ceilings o
the rooms, and every device is a detens*
agaiust heat and light. In these twe
I Silchesrer mansions everything is done t<
shelter and to screen from draughts anc
winds; and ttie salons of the westeri
house, sandwiched as they are by cor
ridors on each side of them, must have
been lighted by some sort of clerestory ar
rangement from above.
The western house has yielded further t
most notable relic — a Roman pump, repre
senting completely, with its four leac
pipes, their valves, and a central cistern ir
a large piece of timber, the force pump dc
scribed in Vitruvius as the machina Ctesi
bica. It is of exceptional interest, as beiiu
the first example of Roman hydraulic ms
chinery that has been met with in Britain
Our notice would be incomplete in evei
the most interesting points if we omittec
the high praise due to the restoration o
the wall-painted dado — the floral and still
life designs of wnich are singularly beauti
fu!. Of pottery, glass and coins there an
man}' examples, which, in ordinary collec
ti<>n>, would be noticeable; but the tw<
grand residences absorb present atten
tion.— London Standard,
' • • ♦ — •
From some figures just issued it appear
that the coal shipped from the Tyne
foreign, coastwise and for chips' use— las
year amounted to 11,011,110 tons, a de
crease of 842,023 tons compared with 1894
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
HOW NG H. SING
WEDDED WONG.
A Maiden Who Was Sought
by the Flower of
Chinatown.
ALMOST A "NEW" WOMAN
The Bride Is One of the Best-
Kiiown Interpreters in
the City
AND THE GROOM IS WEALTHY.
The Most Gorgeous Ceremony Ever
Witnessed at the Presbyterian
Mission Home.
There was a wedding at 920 Sacramento
street last night which stirred the bon-ton
of Chinatown to its center. Everything
was conducted in the most sumptuous
scale, as befitted the position of the con
tracting parties, and the invitations,
though numerous, were limited to ladies
Picturesque Scene at the Fashionable Wedding Last Night In Chinatown.
and gentlemen of the Christian persua
sion. This caused not a little heartburn
ing among the fashionable heathens,
many of whom were almost willing to fore
swear their gods and abjure punk forever,
on condition -that they could secure one of
the courted cards, requesting "Your
presence at the marriage of Miss Wong
Cheng and Mr. Ng H. Sing."
Every one who knows anything about
Chinatown has heard of Miss Wong
Cheng. She is the official interpreter of
the Presbyterian Mission Home, where she
has lived and endeared herself to the in
mates for the last eighteen years. Miss
Wong Cheng was just four years old when
Mr. Hunter of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children rescued her
from slavery and handed her over to the
mission. Since then she has gone in for
the higher education, and has become
known all over Chinatown as Miss Cul
bertson's interpreter.
She is also well known in the courts
where she has quite a reputation for her
veracity.
Miss Wong Cheng's friends used to
boast that there was not a girl in San Fran
cisco who had had more offers. Christians
and heathens sought her band, but all in
vain, till Ng H. Sing saw her going to
cburch one day, proposed and was ac
cepted. It was not ail done in a minute.
Mr. Ng H.s case at first seemed as hope
less as that of the other suitors who had
preceded him, but Mrs. Lun Tung, a girl
who had married from the home and was a
friend of both parties, undertook to do a
Beatrice-and-Benedict act.
She pointed out to Miss Wong Cheng
that the gentleman's initials of N. G. had
not any sinister significance at all; on the
contrary be was president of a Christian
Endeavor Society in Dr. Pond's church
and that he was making money as part
ner in a wicker-ware factory, all of which
he was ready to lay at her feei.
Mr. Ng H. Sing was iv turn fortified
by Miss Lung Tun, who assured him that
a young lady who was president of the
Mission Home Christian Endeavor Society
could ntver be so cruel as to give him the
marble heart forever. It turned out as
she predicted and yesterday's wedding
was the result.
The guests were bidden for 8 o'clock and
before that time there was scarcely room
to walk about on the parlor floors of the
Mission. The rooms had been beautifully
decorated with natural flowers and ivy,
and all the lights were shrouded in pink!
Over the spot where the bride was to stand
hung a large bell of pink sweet peas sus
pended on crossed ropes, garlanded with
sweet peas and ivy. One side of the large
boardroom was crowded with Chinese
friends of the bride and groom ; the other
side was occupied by their white friends
and by the ladies of the Doard, all of whom
expressed regret at losing their interpreter.
The Chinese who were not bidden to the
feast which followed it sought distraction
from their chagrin by inspecting tne ele
gant little flut at 920 Clay. street which the |
groom had prepared for his bride, and
which was illuminated and thrown open
to visitors.
The wedding procession entered the par
lors at 8 p. m. headed by Rev. Dr. Condit,
paptor of the First Chinese Church.
The • groom, a pleasant-looking little j
man, beautifully gowned in blue and!
white silk, followed. Then came the best
man, then Sun, and after him were two
gorgeous little pages, Chu Wing and 1
Andrew Wing.
Ah Cbing, the maid of honor, was more
resplendant than Solomon in all his glory,
and as for the bride's dress, words pale
before the magnificence of the blue "and
pink silk and the massive embroideries of
which it was composed. At tlie back of
her head, encircling her chignon, was a
tasteful coronet of pearls, and sbe'earried
a big bouquet of white roses.
Two little six-year old bridesmaids, Ah
t Lon and Lai luen completed the proces
sion, which entered to the strains of the
wedding march from "Lohengrin. "
Dr. Condit performed tne ceremony,
partly in Chinese ana partly in English,
but the "With this ring I do tb.ee wed" was
spoken so that all the American visitors
understood. Congratulations from friends
followed the completion of the ceremony,
and then the entire bridal party, In con
formity with Chinese etiquette, sat facing
the guests, the bride and uroom not daring
to steal even a side-glance one at the
other.
Refreshments were served to all the
guests, but it would have been the height
of bad form for the wedding party to par
take of them, though the little brides
maids finally forgot their manners to the
extent of just tasting some ice-cream.
When the feast was over, the happy pair
drove to their flat, a block away, in
separate hacks, amid a shower of rice.
According to Chinese custom, the groom
had paid the whole expenses of the wed
ding, including the bride's gown, and some
of tbe young ladies were heard to observe
that if the custom prevailed in American
circles there migut be more weddings.
JUDGE CAFFEY`S RULE.
Septimus De Grcayer Wants Very Badly
to Break It.
The action of Judge Coffey in refusing
to give control of the estate of young
Harry de Greayer to his uncle, Septimus
de Greayer, ias been made the subject of
a writ of certiorari, which has been granted
to the Supreme Court.
Harry de Greayer is the son of the man
of the same name, who was killed by Po
liceman Harper in the park some years
ago. Harry "is now in England and his
uncle has made frequent attempts to get
hold of the money belonging to hi& ward,
amounting to about $12,000. Judge Coffey
has always thwarted this desire and has
held the money in bank subject to the
order of court, according to a rule estab
lished by Judge Coffey.
De Greave 1 " senior "olds that Judge
Coffo y's ruie P reventin S a guardian having
free control of his ward' 8 estate is illegal.
WANT A NIGHT SCHOOL
Point Lobos Improvement Club
Seeking to Benefit Rich
mond District.
Resolution Passed Indorsing the Police
Department— Board of Health
Also Praised.
One of the pressing needs of Richmond
district, as told at a meeting of the Point
Lobos Improvement Club at Croswaithe
Hall last evening, is a night school. It
was determined to send a communication
to the Associated Clubs asking their co
operation in the matter. The executive
committee was also instructed to make a
personal appeal to the Board of Education
for the establishment oi the school. Presi
dent Fletcher contended that Richmond
was well thought of by a majority of the
board, and if the proper effort was put
forward eood results would follow.
The meeting was called to order by Pres
ident Fletcher at 9 o'clock. A communi
cation from the Merchants' Association
was read asking the club to appoint a
committee of two to attend a convention
of the Associated Clubs.to be held at a later
date, for the purpose of considering the
new charter. On motion final considera
tion of the matter was postponed for two
weeKs. The following resolution was then
read by Secretary Johnson and passed
without a dissenting vote:
We have before us a copy of the Examiner of
May 29, 189H, in which we learn that the Rich
mond District Improvement Club held a meet
ing on the 27th of that m^uth and adopted a
resolution protesting against the application
of the Police Department for fifty additional
officers. The resolution said that "the depart
ment Is incompetently managed and that no
new officers should be selected until the
service is reorganized." •
The Point Lobos Improvement, Club tr.kes
issue with the foregoing statement. Their ex
perience is that the Police Department has
always evinced the liveliest interest in the
welfare of the Richmond district. We have a
much higher ratio per canita of police protec
| tion than any other part of the City, as far as
j we can judge, and challenge the production of
I figures to the contrary.
We consider the resolution a slur upon the
management of the police force in this City,
and we respectfully call upon the Richmond
District Improvement club to [resent the ft>ct
or fucts upon whicn such sweeping charges
have been made. I. S. Green, Luke Bittles
j Joseph Preston, R. M. Wood, F. T. Newberry
(secretary), executive committee.
The proposed night school was then dis
cussed at length, after which the meeting
adjourned. _
Preparing to ttatify.
At the meeting of the Howard Club last
evening at Pythian Castle Hall a commit
tee of four, consisting of Messrs. Blattner.
Dougherty, Ezoen. Kincaid and Dunn,
was appointed by the chair to arrange for
a ratification meeting and parade by the
club as soon as the news of the nomination
of a Republican candidate for President is
received.
The club expects to turn oat 500 strong.
Af ;er the regular business of the club had
been transuded the members were enter
tained by Messrs. Durand, Silver, Wyatt.
Johanson and others wuh songa, niusic
and recitations.
The Argentine Republic is going to send
a team of polo-players to England next
summer, and much interest is expressed
to see their ponies, which are said to com
prise specimens of every kind bred in
South America.
RAINEY IS BOSS
OF THE JUNTA
Ed Lanigan Flops and
Forms a Partnership
With Him.
WILL SHAKE THINGS UP.
Reorganization of the Party by
Some Plan Becomes a
Certainty.
THE JUNTA TURNS TO SILVER.
Buckleyites Are Certain That Victory
Will Follow the Hit Open
ing Battle.
Sam Rainey has captured the local
Junta organization by taking Ed Lanigan
into camp.
This deal gives the Rainey-Daggett ele
ment the control of the General Commit
ten, which they thought they had secured
a few weeks ago, just before their defeat at
the last meeting of the General Committee.
At that time the anti-Rainey element won
the organization by securing Lanigan,
with his sixty or more votes.
Lanigan stayed on the fence between
the factions until the last minute, holding
the balance of power. Then McNab and
Sullivan made a combination with him
and an anti-Rainey constitution, anti-
Rainey committees and a concentration of
anti-Rainey strength followed.
Lanigan grew sore very early. He did
not get the recognition he claimed from
McNab and Sullivan, and he grew weary
of their ways of doing politics.
A week or more ago he and Rainey
patched up their differences and became
partners again as of old, after beine apart
for a year and a half. Lanigan iy shrewd,
experienced and strong in local politics,
and the combination is ready to do politics
as they ought to be done.
Some anti-Raineyites assert that they
still have a majority, but there aie quiet
smiles at that on the other side. Rainey
and Daggett have been busy since the bat
tle a few weeks ago and Lanigan aubstracts
sixty votes from one side arid adds them to
the other.
As the State Convention is the thing of
overshadowing importance and as policy
directs that family troubles be suppressed
until the convention is over there is not
much noise being made about the revolu
tion.
The Rainey • Daggett - Lanigan pro
gramme is to call a meeting of the General
Committee soon after the State Conven
tion, amend the constitution to suit and
revolutionize the committees, etc.
It is freely said that when the State Con
vention is over, and time to go to work
comes, Sullivan, McNab, Braunhart,
Popper and that crowd will be promptly
"dumped."
But this revolution is not so important
as it might seem, because there will be a
reorganization of the local party in some
way after the State Convention. This iact
is evident on every baud. There is a
recognition on both sides of the fact that
the party must unite to have a ghost of a
show of winning anything in the munici
pal right.
The Buckleyitns have urged reorganiza
tion and compromise from the start. Last
fall they wanted Judge Maguire to ap
point a committee to superintend a pri
mary for the election of a new General
Committee for the whole party. They
offered to let the Junta people name half
of such committee ar.d they offered to
submit to a primary run by the Deuprey
committee, but the Junta" would touch
nothing in the nature of compromise,
shouted that they were the party and
would be to the end.
But McNab, Sullivan et al. on the other
side have had a reorganization scheme in
view. They recognized the heterogeneous
nature of their own organization, full of
warring elements, impossible to hold to
gether,and the fact that their organization
represented a small minority of the party.
They declared that no "compromise"
with the Buckleyites would ever come, but
planned a new organization, which might
be recognized by the party while they still
retained control. McNab's scheme is to
have the reoruanization carried out by the
new State Executive Committee, which
they expect Frank Gould to appoint when
he is elected chairman of the State Con
vention.
Leading Buckleyites say that they will
cheerfully submit 10 a new General County
Committee elected at a primary for the
whole party if such a primary can be con
ducted under guarantees thai it will be
fairly conducted and the votes nonestly
counted. Some of them put forth the
plan yesterday that Congressman Maguire,
W. \V. Foote and Senator White be made
a non-factional commission to devise a
plan of reorganization and boss it.
Seeing that reorganization is bound to
occur before long and that both the pres
ent rival central committees will likely go
out of power many of the members of the
Junta committee are alarmed at what is
likely to occur under McNab's operations.
In a "new scramble for place on even terms
with the Buckleyites district politicians
who have achieved some rank in the or
ganization for which they have fought so
lone might find themselves on the little
end of everything.
There are plenty of people in the Junta
who declare that the organization will go
right ahead and put up a ticket anyhow,
but the politically wise know that when
the time comes an overwhelming party
sentiment will demand unification in the
party interest, and that opposition to the
results of a reorganization approved by
the weightiest party influences would be
like butting heads against a stone wall.
The reorganization will, of course, be ac
complished with much pain and noise of
battle.
The Junta is flopping from gold to silver.
Two weeks ago there were not 20 of the
161 State Convention delegates who were I
not voluntarily or by force of patronage j
rirm for gold. But the gold forces have j
abandoned the fight and silver is the pop- j
ular side.
Chairman Sullivan is feeling the dele- |
gates on the proposition of holdins
another meeting and declaring for silver.
This, it is thought, would help them up at ;
the State Convention. Whether this is '
done or not a majority of the delr-gates
will likely take a silver stand at Sacra- '
inento, if they get a oliance to vote.
The local factions are nervously wonder- ■
ing how the contest will corn* out at Sac- '■
ramento. It now appears certain that the I
Buctleyites will be given at least half a '.
vote in the interest of party success, if |
they are not seated as a whole, through
t lie merit of their cause and the fact that '•
they represent so many times greater an j
element in the party.
This contest will afford an awful row at j
Sacramento, according to indications. ;
The first question is, will the Junta sue- j
ceed in staving on the temporary roll and j
voting for the temporary chairman? Me- j
Nab says that is sure. The Buckleyites
say that the sun may fall, but the Junta :
delegation will never vote until the con
test is settled.
They declare with perfect confidence j
that the delegates from the State gener- 1
ally will never for a moment submit to
the carrying out of the McNnb-Daggett-
Gould programme in this respect. An at
tempt will undoubtedly be ruade to force
throush this programme of letting the
Junta delegation vote on its contest, but
bloody war will follow.
If the contest were of the ordinary sort
this would go, because it is usual for dele
gations bearing credentials from the re
turning board to be seated and participate
in temporary organization.
Bat in this case both delegations have
credentials. They proceed from rival and
independent organizations which held in
dependent elections.
The question is not which delegation,
but which organization is the righfui one.
The Buckleyites make the claim that they
represent the regular party organization
of continuous history; that the others rep
resent bolters ami tliat the recognition of
the Junta by the State Central Committee
was illegal, unwarranted and whohy with
out the power and duty of the State Cen
tral Committee, which had no power to
bind a future convention which is the sole
judge of the qualifications of its members.
Tne situation bas few precedents, but
the precedents are all in favor of the re
tirement of both sides until the contest is
settled by ihe convention.
The Buckleyites assert, that the country
delegates are by a majority either foV
them or for a fair hearing and that they
wiil stand none of Gould and McNab's
tricks.
FRESH DISPLAY NEEDED
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade Desirous of Replenishing
the *ruit Kxhibit.
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade is sending out requests to all por
tions of the State for the receipt of fresh
fruit exhioits. He is especially desirous
of replenishing the display of cherries.
Mr. Filcher has been invited by the
League of Progress of the Livermore Val
ley to make an address in Livermore on
June 16 for the purpose of injecting a
little enthusiasm, as the latter states, into
agricultural and horticultural affairs. The
Viticulturlst Association has voted to aid
in making the meeting on that day a par
ticularly good one.
ABOUT SNAKE CHARMING
A Theory That the Optic Nerve Is the
Fart Affected.
Allen Chamberlain tells, in the Forest
and Stream, about a Georgia man wlio saw
a little whip snake coiled on some leaves.
He stopped to look at the reptile and as
he did so there was a rustle of the leaves
as the snake wagged its tail. After a few
moments it seemed as if a little bine vapor
was coming from the snake. A suffoca
ting sensation seized the man. Then he
suddenly realized that he was being
charmed, but with considerable effort he
managed to break the spell and seize the
snake in bis hands and kill it. Mr. Cham
berlain says that "no man who knew the
subject of his experience would for a mo
ment question its truthfulness, and yet it
must be admitted that it is well calculated
to arouse the stranger's suspicion."
In the issue of March 28, 1878, of the
same paper a writer said :
"One April morning in the woods I
beard a rustle in the leaves and saw a five
or six foot blacksnake. Two or three
inches of his tail was in rapid vibration.
I looked at it interested for a while, and
the vibrating portions began to show all
the prismatic colors with such beauty of
combination as to be indescribable. My
eyes blurred, and there was a pleasant
sensation of dizziness. The first I knew I
was falling to tne ground frigntened. I
t ; met! away. My muscles and nerves
j were unsteady. The snake raised at me
: several times. The same summer I made
experiments on the same Kinds of snakes,
none less than five or six feet long."
In the October (1880) issue of Mature an
article on the subject of "Snake Fascina
tion 1 ' told of the action of a bird that
watched a viper,
"At the distance of ten yards I saw a
snake whose body, the head of which was
lifted from the ground about three feet,
was swaying to and fro. A plaintive
shriek attracted my attention to a green
finch in a branch of a young pine over
hanging the snake; its feathers were ruf
fled, following with a nod of his head on
each side of the branch the motions of the
snake. He tottered, spread out his WIQgS,
alighted on a lower branch and so on un
til the last Dranch was reached. I flung a
stick at the snake, and like an arrow it dis
appeared. On approaching I saw the green
finch on the ground agitated by convulsive
i and spasmodic motions: he clutched my
finger spasmodically. He eagerly drank
I water, and after a while rlew away. While
j watching the snake 1 felt a peculiar giddi
| ness, a squeezing like an iron hoop
i pressed in my temples, and the ground
seemed to heave, quite like seasickness. I
think snake fascination is the result of fa
tigue of the optic nerve."
Every work of natural history dealing
with snakes and their ways has reference
to "snake charming." The Smithsonian
Institution report lor 1893 said in part:
"The popular belief in tne power of the
poisonous snake to 'charm' its victims is
by no means exterminated. Trustworthy
observers have related how birds and
small animals have been seen to approach
the coilod snake, drawn toward it as by a
magic spell," yet "in spite of all that has
been argued for and against it there are
people who profess to have ocular proof of
this Dower.
"Professor Brehm once made a series of
experiments in a well-lighted room," says
the report, "and in every case except one
the victim at first made its escape, but was
captured in articulo mortis after betraying
its waning strength by curious symp
toms." The birds and animals were spar
rows, gophers, rats, weasels, quails, wood
peckers and meadow larks. — Pittsburg Dis
patch.
The Berries He Had to Sell.
A young Italian was calling his wares
in the streets of Boston. He was appar
ently a new arrival in this land of the
free and bad forgotten the name of the
strawberries be had for sale. And so he
was calling cheerfully in his pleasant
voice: "Lit'l red berries, feefteen cent a
box. Lit'l red berries, berr-ies!" — Boston
Transcript.
Four hundred human beines were sacri
ficed in Ashantee after the King's acces
sion in 1891.
NEW TO-DAT.*
BICYCLES.
STANDARD
OF THE WORLD.
$100 ALIKE TO ALL.
IF YOU CAN'T BUY A ....
COLUMBIA
THEN BUY A. ...
HARTFORD.
$65.00. $50.00. $45.00.
Bargains in Second-hand Bicycles of
other makes.
CALL AND SEE THEM.
POPE IAOTFICTUUJG COMPANY,
344 POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1974 PACE. NEAR STANYAN.
CENSURED JUDGE BAHRS
Cycle Eoard of Trade Takes
Exception to a R cent
Trial.
More Director-. Elected and Many
Committees Appdnted for the
B.g Night Parade.
The San Francisco Bicycle Board of
Trade met last night in Varney's biclo
rama, on Market street, appointed com
mittees to prepare for the big bicycle
night parade next month, officially cen
sured Judge Bahrs for his conduct in a
recent trial of an alleged bicvele thief, and
listened to and discussed the proposition
of taking hold of thp Central Park cycle
tracK as an advertisement for the general
bicycle trade, and incidentally as an
accommodation to the racing men who
want the track n^intained.
TMs is the way Judge Bahrs was criti
cized :
Whkrkas, The Hon. George H. Bahrs of the
.-uyrior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco upon the recent trial of one Harry
Ilafford upon a charge of lelony for tho
embezzlement of a bicycle refused to
listen to testimony bearing upon the value of
said bicycle and tending to prove said charge,
but arbitrarily reduced said charge to misde
meanor on the assertion of a personal
knowledge of the value of said bicycle;
Retolved, That we, the members of the San
Francisco Cycle Board of Trade in regular
meeting assembled, condemn the action of
said Judge as autocratic, unwarranted ami
tending to defeat the ends oi justice.
Then ?he members turned to one of the
chief purposes for which they are striving
and drafted the following resolution favor
ing the new charter:
Be it resolved by the Cycle Board of Trade
that we recommend the adoption of the pro
posed new charter for the government of this
City, and that we pledge our best efforts to ar
complisn the ratification of said ciiarter by the
people on November 3 and its .subsequent ap
proval by the Legislature of this State..
A committee was also appointed to visit
the Draymen and Teamsters' Union on
June 13 and convert the members of that
organization to advocates of a bitumen
pavement.
The monthly dues were increased from
50 cents to $1. and the number of directors
of the Bicycle Board of Trade from thir
teen to eiL'hteei), tho following five new
directors being elected; Messrs. Watts,
Marwedel, Brand, Crawfordg and Plum
mer.
During the long discussion over the
Central Park racetrack proposition C.
Michener of the California CvcliiiK Club,
Radke of tLe Imperial Cycling Club,
Peiser of the San Francisco Road Club,
the lessees of the park, and several of the
cycle dealers spoke in favor of having the
Cycle Board of Trade undertake the man
agement.
ihe following committee was appointed
to look into the matter more carelully and
report at a special general meeting of the
board, to be held at Varoey's next Friday
evening, June r2: Mc.-sm-. Plummer, Bryan
and Varney. At that time it is expected
the following committees, appointed iast
night, will be ready to report :
To arrange parade for July 25— C. C\ Watts
(chairman), E. K. Buckleton, Fred Brand, W.
J. Bryan and E. Mohne.
To secure prizes— W. J. Kenncy (chairmnu),
I CO. Wnits and Crawford.
To select speakers— W. K. Wheeler, chairman:
T. H. B. Varney and W. Marwedel.
To wait on Park Commissioners and request
the buildiuer «'* a cycle path— H. C. Leanlo,
chairman; J. H. Braniiigs and l. Devaney.
Broke Her Ankle.
Mrs Annie Granger of 1819 Lombard street
was walking along Eighth street last uight aud
while crossing Mission street a milk-wagon
drove rapidly past hex. This so frighieui'i
htr that she Jell, breiiking ncr left ankle. Hho
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
611 inian huh mil » ON'T suffer from con-
j stipation when you can be cured by the
use of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. Don't
1 take a cheap, nasty iodide of potassium
Sarsaparilla when the native remedy-
— can be had.
Don't have pimples on your face, there-
j fore use Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilia.
Don't suffer from liver trouble. Joy's
Sarsaparilla cures liver disorders.
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Co., 269 Stevenson st.,
San Francisco, Cal.— Gentlemen: From a
deep sense of gratitude I am glad to be
able to tell you that I am now a well and
hearty woman. All the old symptoms
have disappeared. I have no more head-
aches. They are gone.
You see, my headaches were so awful, so
extremely painful, I had to call in many
doctors, but was never relieved until I
used Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It is
such a pleasant medicine. There is no
nasty taste to it.
I can eat almost anything and digest
well. I sleep every night. My stomach
does not fill up and bloat. My digestion
is really perfect. I praise Joy Vegetable
Sarsaparilla and will always recommend
it. I stopped using pills as soon as I be-
gan to take Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
It is a splendid laxative. Hoping some
person will read this who is looking for
relief I wish you God's blessing. »
Signed MRS. LEE WALTERS.
923 E. First Street, Los Angeles, Cal.
BiftHlfJV£
:j &~'' JK O *y Bir
"IS THE VERY UKt» O.NK TO KXAMINK
J. your eyes and lit tnem '.0 Spectacles and Eyo
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My 44*
cess has been due to the merits 01 toy wont. -
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. v.
*\MM££kjl' FIFTY-DOLLAR
Ji|l|liiELECTßlC BELTS
WB>7~z^i'jL:*~~-r^!9 ir OK $25: 10 BELTS
JpyWjfnfraKJTftrf'^i^ r'" *-°' and if 3o Bel ■>
T&iiMr^T&'^&r for ?15: alsogood bells lor
»?P SkSSttTv* * 3 ' dates' patent anil nil
( <Vi*C improvements, gff Call
'dSt't or write for new pamphlet
*"•* No. 2. Address D It .
PIERCE «fc SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San I nuiciseo.
■■ ' / , ~" "
COSMOPOLITAN 1 .
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 103 Fifth St., »aa
iranclsco, Cal.— The most select family hotel 1:1
the city. Board and room. $1, $1 25 and $1 50 pa;
day, according id room. MoaU '25c llooms, Jj
and 75c a day. free coach to »nd from the hotel,
look for the coach bearing the name of taa Co*
mopoiltan Hotel. Wii. h'aui; v, rtuiirmi*
Wuen ordering please mention Call. ■
56
$3js * mcis €M
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Free
Bally »nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, on« year, by mail 1-50
M'kekly Call, one year, by mall <■ 1-jO
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation If
■o, It is no trouble lor us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
mift» it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CIUJtGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone f» Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
6:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 Mntli street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE ,
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
P.ocms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York Cltjt
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
WEDNESDAY JUNE 10, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The people are resolved to take free
trade out of politics.
It is tariff first, silver second and Repub
licanism all the time.
This time it is a sure thing— as goes St.
Louis, so goes the country.
It is the transfer system and not the
people that will have to take a check now.
This campaign may not seUle the silver
question, but it will settle that of the tar
iff.
Congress will adjourn and the refunding
scheme will be swept into the waste
basket.
Grover has thrown up his hands on the
money fight, but all the same he will bear
watching.
If the people of Lake City need help
those of San Francisco should be the first
to offer it.
Cleveland has doubtless begun to con
sole himself with the hope the fishing
will be good.
Instead of saying "darn it" the Demo
crat will say "Dagget" hereafter when he
wants a mild swear word.
In taking notice that we can nave water
spouts the East will please remember that
we don't have them often.
Congress will adjourn just in time to
give the St. Louis convention the undi
vided attention of the country.
The most severely crushed boom in the
country is that of John G. Carlisle. Even
Bayard wouldn't trade chances with him.
There will be contests on many issues in
this campaign, but that of protection and
good wages will determine the most votes.
It seems to be on the programme for the
Democratic Convention that McNab shall
appear in the role of the "Crushed Trage
dian."
One advantage of the Republican con
vention to St. Loui3 will bo the lesson it
will give her in the proper way to treat
colored men.
The Kansas corn train prepared to carry
the McKinley delegates to lit. Louis was
struck by lightning. There may be an
omen in that.
Now that we have had a destructive
waterspout in our own State it is time for
us to show what we can do in the way of
mutual helpfulness.
If the Mayor had looked about him he
wonld have seen an octopus of extrava
gance in his administration that he should
have put his foot on.
The discovery of gold in the earth re
moved during some street work in Fresno
is only another proof that there is money
in public improvements.
About this time the statisticians of the
various prediction bureaus have be^un to
go over the figures of one another with
more care and less vigor.
The thing that grinds Senator Morgan
is that an adjournment of Congress will
compel him to 20 home and leave Weyler
still prancing round in Cuba.
Leaving the City in darkness for two
weeks would at lea?t throw light on the
wav the money of the community has
been wasted by this administration.
Even if the Spanish soldiers were with
drawn from Cuba they would have no
holiday. Between the anarchists and the
mobs there is work for them in Madrid.
Sutro's pledge of economy that promised
to make a tunnel through the extrava
gance of our municipal government ba*
turned out to be a mere hole in the
ground.
Imagination presents no brighter pic
ture in our politics than that of Tom Reed
ruling the Senate, and if he would consent
to run for the Vice-Presidency he would
get a unanimous vote.
The Chicago Record wishes a wind tbat
will clear up the difference between a cy
clone, a tornado and a hurricane, and per
haps it may get one that will clear up
Chicago along with the other tnin^a.
The rise in the wheat market at Chicago
may have been to some extent due to the
operations of speculators, but not wholly
so. It is clear that all prices are rising, or
at least have an upward tendency. This
is a bull country on general principles, and
besides tuis is a Republican year.
It begins to look as if the only fight at
St. Louis would be the contest for second
piace, and it is probable the same state of
affairs will continue through the cam
paign, the Republicans having a walkover
and the Democrats and Populists strug
gling to see which will beat the other.
The attempt to defend Judge Wallace's
return of personal property to the As-
Ressor by describing his household furni
ture, plat 3 and library as being old and
worn is not half so effective as it would
have been to say he won them as prizes on
coupon fates, nor is it any nearer gun
shot range of the truth.
IMPORTANCE OF PROTECTION
The threat of Grover Cleveland, that he
would vote for the nominee of the Bt
Louis convention on a sound-money plat
form rather tnan support a free-silver can
didate of the Democratic party, has a good
deal more politics than patriotism in it.
It is to divert attention from the tariff
question by magnifying the importance of
the money question. To be sure, the re
monetization of silver is desired by a ma
jority of the people and they will not be
satisfied with an uncertain or hesitating
declaration by either party, but tne para
mount question is that of the tariff. The
people are not so absorbed in the question
of reinstating silver lo its proper place in
the monetary system of the country as to
lose sight of the more important question
of the tariff. It would avail the country
but little to open the mints to the white
mefal unless our ports are closed against
the free introduction of goods and wares
from other countries, with whom we can
not compete without lowering the wage
schedules of this country to the level of
foreign pauper-labor.
The absence of the silver dollar as re
demption money from the channels of
commerce had very little to do with cre
ating what is called the "Cleveland panic"
as compared with the influence the Wil
son-Gorman tariff act exerted for evil
in the business world. Times were good
and there was satisfying prosperity every
where during the operation of the tariff
act of 1890, or rather until it was definitely
known that Europe was to be invited to
enter our markets on a parity with our
own industrial enterprises. Until the policy
of the free and unlimited introduc
tion of the products of the low-waee labor
of other countries was about to be fastened
upon the United States there was not so
much agitation of the question of free
silver coinage, although the sentiment of
the people generally was that silver and
gold should be treated alike at the mints,
and that together they should constitute
the redemption money of the country.
But when it became necessary by virtue
or rather Dy the lack of virtue of the Wil
son-Gorman tariff to deplete our volume
of gold to pay for foreign-made merchan
dise, it was natural that our people should
demand that the mints be reopened to sil
ver so as to kee 1 - up the volume of circu
lating redemption money to the require
ments of the country's intercommunity
trade and traffic.
The exhibit of the treasury for May
shows a deceit of $4,000,000, and of $26,
-000,000 for the months of the fiscal year
that have elapsed, and this sort of thing
has been going on ever since the Demo
cratic tariff went into operation. The
trouble is and has been that our custom
receipts are too light to pay the current
expenses of the Government. But that is
not all. We are permitting Europe to fill
our consumption market with articles that
we should manufacture ourselves, and the
effect of the scheme is to throw our own
factories and operatives into enforced idle
ness and use the money that should go to
them to pay for the goods we receive from
abroad. That is to say, the Wilson-Gor
man tariff act leaves a deficit in the cur
rent expense account of the Government,
which to make good tue treasury has to
sell bonds. Not only so, but the foreign
goods that are marketed here are paid for
in gold, which also the Government has to
provide by s-elling bonds.
What is wanted is the immediate return
to the policy of 1890 which gave our home
industries the preference in our own mar
kets, and which in turn not only supplied
ample revenue for the expense account of
the Government, but kept our circulating
money in our own channels of trade.
When juich a law is in operation there is
no occasion to sell bonds to pay for im
ported goods, for we would make the
goods ourselves. It would be impossible
to maintain a volume of money sufficiently
large under the operation of a free-trade
law, for there wouid be a sure and steady
outflow, aud a very uncertain inflow. The
tariff question is, therefore, paramount,
but by being the more important it does
not follow that there is no pressing need
for the remonetization of silver, for even
with the tariff of 1890 re-enacted there
would still be need of a larger volume of
money than tbe single gold standard is
able to supply; besides, there is the most
perfect harmony between the economic
principle of protection and the monetary
principle of free coinage of gold and silver
into redemption money of equal purchas
ing power.
LET THERE BE NO DARKNESS.
Economy in the conduct of the affairs of
the City is demanded, of course, but there
is such a thing as expensive economy.
There never is auy excuse for waste or
extravagance. The business of the muni
cipality should be conducted just as a
prudent and frugal business man would |
manage his private interests. It may be i
that the appropriation for street lighting
is exhausted, but if there is a disposition,
ways and means will be found to tide that
department over until relief is had through
tbe proper channel.
At all events, it is foolish to talk about
plunging the City in darkness for half a
month simply because the street-lighting
fund is overdrawn, or for any other reason
for that matter. No doubt the increase in
the cost to the City of guarding persons
and property during the fifteen nights of
darkness would light the streets for a
month; besides, the inconvenience to
which the public would be subjected would
bring down enough condemnation upon
the heads of the City officials to make
them want to resign, and it takes a cood
deal to make a "servant of the people 1 '
sick enough of his job to want to retire to
private life.
And again, tbe lighting companies
claim they have contracts with the City to
furnish a given number of burners for all
night service the year round. They would
not, therefore, discontinue furnishing
light unless they were enjoined or told
that they would get no pay for tbe fifteen
nights, but that would induce expensive
legislation, and in the end tue proposed
economy would be represented by a large
The lighting companies Bay they will
not furnish light unless their pay is as
sumed, for, under a decision of the courts,
thy cannot collect for service rendered
that is not specifically contracted for.
This throws the whoie responsibility on
the Supervisors. But anyway, there must
be no thought of leaving the City in dark
ness and at the mercy of footpads and the
like for fifteen or any other number of
nights.
A TIMID DEMOCRAT.
When it is remembered that Secretary
Morton has for three years stood valiantly
to the from and fought tbe army worm,
the grasshopper, the B.ussiun thistle and
tbe enemies of the administration, it is
hard to believe that he would flee from the
anonymous letter of a stupid funmaker
and cry to the police to save him, but it
looks that way.
The letter-writer who threatened the
Secretary's life was in fun of course, be
sides goldbugs are so scarce in California
that not even an idiot would want to
destroy so rare a curiosity. At the council
ot war, when it was agreed that the crank
meant business, & detective was com
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
missioned to reconnoiter the outlying ter
ritory — not tnat anybody was afraid; just
for prudential purposes, don't you know?
but that was quite unnecessary. The City
had not yet beeu left in darkness. The
fund for lighting the streets bad not been
exhausted.
It is to be hoped when the Secretary
gets over his scare he will not
harbor resentful feelings against the
people of California. Let him remember
that so curious a thing as a true goldite is
likely to create such a degree of wonder in
California that a crank might be born of
the alarm.
But anyway, San Francisco is sorry
enough that so distinguished a guest
should have fear for his personal eafety.
Had he only proclaimed himself a kinsman
of the Golden Gate, the crank letter- writer
would have given him a banquet no doubt.
But Morton associates with Cleveland.
That is against him.
HITOR ON TO ST. LOUIS.
The widely advertised convention of the
National Commercial and Industrial Asso
ciation was held in Detroit last week, and
it was a most dismal failure in every way.
Several hundred delegates were expected,
and work enough had been laid out to last
a week, but a baker's dozen of delegates
and a session of two or three hours was
tl;e entire product of the effort. The first
object of the convention was, according to
the cards of invitation, to devise a plan to
"take the tariff question out of politics."
The absurdity of such an undertaking ap
pealed so strongly to the invited guests
that upon second thought all but a hand
ful stayed at home, and in that they
showed a good deal of political sense, for
if the tariff question does not belong in
politics it is a thing without country or
home.
The tariff question has furnished ma
terial for the political parties of America,
England and Germany— of all nations, in
fact, ever since the binh of commerce.
The old Whig party and the Democratic
party had little else to quarrel over, and
the party of Clay and Webster bequeathed
the fight to the Republican party. The
people have taken a deeper interest in the
tariff question than in almost any other,
but they have always been divided. The
tariff question is full to the brim of active
politics.
All of the handful of delegates to
Detroit were protectionists and pretty
sensible business men. The wonder is
then what they wanted with a con
vention to take the very question out
of politics that a political party is required
to put into operation. Tne friends of the
Detroit movement ounht to know that the
salvation of the principle of protection
hinges upon the success of the Republi
can party before the people. The business
of the St. Louis convention will be to re
pledge the party to the doctrine of protec
tion, and any effort to take it out of poli
tics is to weaken the party. If there is
anything in the line of fair and just pro
tection to our industries that the Republi
can party does not stand for it will be
found to have been overlooked. In fact it
is the business of the Republican party to
foster home industry. From the very be
ginning of its existence the party has bat
tled in season and out of season to protect
our people against unhealthy foreign com
petition. If the Detroit movement will
hitch itself to the St. Louis platform it
will be safe in the arms of protection.
" THE CALL" AND THE F ARMERS.
In a letter to the Stockton Independent
George \V. Ashley, a wheat-grower of San
Joaquin County and a member of the Re
publican County Committee, reviews a
recent ed itorial of The Call on the bene
fits to the farmer of the protective tariff
and to some extent differs from our views
of the subject. He maintains the Lubiu
theory that the wneat - grower derives
no benefit from protective duties on im
ports and that to afford him protection
the Government should provide an export
bounty on wheat. Incidentally Mr. Ash
ley attributes to The Call an antagonism
to the bounty scheme and says: "If The
Call wishes to speak for all it must get on
the right side with the farmer."
It is certainly the wish of The Call to
speak for the farmer as well as for any
other industrious citizen of the Republic.
No class of workers do more for the Na
tion than the farmers, and no class de
serve more from it. We are most cordial
supnorters of any movement that tends to
their prosperity, but it is not yet certain
the Lubin scheme is calculated to do that.
We are not antagonistic to the plan; Mr.
Asnley is wrong to that, extent. We have
advocated a bounty for sugar-growers, and,
if conaitions require it, are willing to ad
vocate an export bounty for wheat. The
question is, Do the conditions require it?
The farmer has had an experience of the
difference between a Republican tariff
and a Democratic tariff, and the teachings
of that experience are in the minds of
everybody. Under the Republican sys
tem of protection the price of the average
farm products was about twice as high as
under the Democratic tariff. Surely there
was a benefit in the higher prices, and
therefore there must have been one in the
tariff that caused them.
Ths Republican system of protection is
designed to benefit all Americans. In
speaking for that system The Call is
literally speaking for all. If any industry
of our people, whether urban or rural,
needs the fostering care of the Govern
ment we are in favor of granting an ade
quate protection to it. Our attitude to the
export bounty system ia not that of an
tagonism, but simply that of doubt as to
its expediency. A plank in favor of it was
incorporated in the Republican State plat
form without opposition on our part, nor
would we oppose it if a similar plank were
adopted in the National platform. We
aim to speak for all, but we do not claim
to know all. We desire full, adequate and
thorough protection to the work, the wages
and the homes of all Americans and what
soever the combined wisdom ot the Re
publican party of the Nation may decide
to be necessary to that end will find in
The Call a voice to apeak for it as it
speaks for all.
"THE WEEKLY CALL."
The most important events which occur
during the week in home and foreign
lands are always outlined in Tub Weekly
Gall, which contains, in addition to the
telegraphic news, letters from special cor
respondents ia France, Germany and New
York.
The Weekly Call affords a most con
venient and valuable channel through
which to advertise the resources of Cali
fornia. A copy sent to a friend in the
East is far more persuasive than auy
amount of mere talk. It exhibits the
news in a compact form, at the same
time presenting powerful arguments in
centive to those desirous of finaing homes
10 this State.
Copies of the "Weekly," which appear
to-day, may be obtained at the business
office la wrappers ready for mailing at 5
a copy.
The only safe road to return to bimetal
lism is that along which the Be publican
procusbiou moves.
PERSONAL.
Dr. S. B. Davis of Stockton is in town.
Dr. W. P. Inglish of Vacaville is here.
O. H. St. John of Fort Bragg is in the City.
Assemblyman R. I. Thomas is at the Grand.
H. C. Oswald of London is at the Occidental.
Dr. W. D. Rogers o£ Watsonville is on a visit
here.
E. Ermeler of Berlin, Germany, is at the
Palace.
F. H. Short, the attorney of Fresno, is at the
Palace.
H. J. Llewelling, a vineyardist of St. Helena,
is iv town.
Morris L. Conn, a pioneer of Bisnop Creek, is
at the Rubs.
W. R. Cruthers, a merchant of Santa Rosa,
is at the Lick.
Ex-Senator G. G. Goucher of Fresno arrived
here yesterday.
A. J. Scott, manager of the Lick paper-mills,
San Jose, is in town.
George Lee, a mine-owner of Tuolumne
County, is at the Russ
G. M. Foote of Hollister, Clerk of San Benito
County, is at the Grand.
John C. White, a wealthy vineyardist of
Marysville, is in the City.
C. B. Fernold of New York arrived here yes
terday and is at the Palace.
John McMullin, the well-known banker of
Fresno, arrived here yesterday.
T. West and wife of Portland, Oregon, are
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Samuel Edward, a well-to-do resident of
Santa Barbara, arrived here yesterday.
R. P. Blaisdell, the capitalist of Los Angeles,
is here, accompanied by Mrs. BlaisdeU.
W. E. Traris, a United States mail contractor
of Salt Lake, has arrived here and is at the
Grand.
George F. Hooper, the wine-grower of
Sonoma,, is among the arrivals at the Occi
dental.
E. O'Neil, a wealthy stock-raiser of Montana,
is stopping at the Cosmopolitan Hotel with his
family.
J. McCallan, the enterprising young business
man of Eureka, Humboldt County, is on a
visit here.
Attorney Aaron Smith of Los Angeles, claim
agent of the Southern Pacific Company, is at
the Grand.
G. Standast, owner of a general store and in
terested in mines, Plumas County, is among
recent arrivals here.
G. H. Lippet, an extensive manufacturer of
tents and rubber goods, St. Louis, is among the
guests of the Grand.
Senator Frank McGowan of Humboldt
County arrived here yesterday on his way
East. He is at the Lick.
Among the arrivals at the Palace yesterday
was J. Duubar of Ceylon, who is returning
home after a visit to Europe.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was Jesse
R. Grant of San Diego, delegate to the St. Louis
convention. He is at the Occidental.
L. Kinney, a pioneer of- Astoria, Or., and for
many years engaged in salmon-canning on the
Columbia River, is among recent arrivals
here.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., June 9.— At the Hotel
Albert— H. O. Shepard, W. Hutchinson; Cos
mopolitan—J. Slater; Metropolitan— Mr. and
Mrs. (j. Stone; Grand— F. J. Batchelor; Sin
clair—W. F. Holdeu; Grand Union— H. \Yeb
ster; Netherlands— \V. H. (rocker, Mrs.
Crocker, Princess Poniatowski; Imperial — O.
Sutro, J. Wollberg. Sailed per steamship St
Paul for Southampton: Paul Dclmas, Mr. and
Mrs. David Jacks, Miss It. R. Jacks, Romie C.
Jacks, Mr. and Mrs. Livingston Jenks, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward McCutchen, John Slater.
A MODERN VIEW.
I've read and thought and wondered long,
O'er things which were in (lays of old.
I've heard a deal of pretty song,
Of times when thoughts were not of gold,
When Cupid's aim was never wrong,
And fair maids' hearts were never sold.
Tno.se wire the- days wh^n hearts were true;
I wish that I'd lived them — you?
Are not our girls of modern date
As fair hr ever their'-i could be?
Or were the se maids of whom they prate,
of sonieo'd Ly\n: which we don't see?
Were they more modest and sediite.
Or were they stii) more Jull of dee?
Were they—? But, grt-ai Jerusalem!
They're dV»d and got)! — we can't love them.
Walter Dekfknbai'OH in tne New Bohemian.
WHY CAN'T MR. MORTON SEE THE
JOKE?
I received two anonymous letters, while I was
in San Francisco, warning me that I must shut
up or leave the couiury.— The Hon. Julius Sterling
Morton in the Washington Post.
llnve Mr. Morton's labors in the vegetable
kins.' ■lom had a benumbing effect upon his
sense of humor ? Why, even his ornithologists
and mammalogists can see the joke, which is
as obvious as the Capitol or the Rocky Moun
tains. To ask a telephone to be orieinal, to
insist that water shall run up hill, to beg the
bricks in a chimney shattered by a gale to fall
upward, to demand that the moon set up an
independent light plant, to call upon the
leopard to put on a plain suit, to entreat the
Ethiopian to chance his skin or a cash register
to skin tbe change, to command the Hon.
Julius Sterling Morton to shut up, are all for
mulas of the impossible. — New York Sun.
LADY'S WAIST WITH FULL VEST
FRONT.
A waist with several attractive features is
shown here. There is a fitted lining over
which the goods are seamless in back with a
few gathers at tne waist line. In front there
is a gathered vest over a fitted lining; the
goods, being seamless, is interlined with
crinoline. The sleeves are gathered over a
fitted lining, the ruffle at waist and all puffs
being cut in one piece. A plain fitted collar
finishes the neck.
The waist shown here is a white figured silk,
the figure in two or three shades of green.
The fitted front is of white silk embroidered
and set with green spangles. The vest is of
white chiffon.
A waist of challls in blue and white had a
white vest, the lined front Deing of the challis
edged with white lace.
A brown mohair had a vest of canary
coiored Liberty silk, with braiding of brown
and gold braid on the fitjed front.
SAN DIEGO THANKS.
Fall brook Observer.
The San Francisco Call devotes over a col
umn of its space in Wednesday's issue to the
abandoned right of way on the railway be
tween this station aud Temecula, aud to the
Sau Diego Property Union's complaint before
the Board of Railway Commissioners. This
case has been aggravated by the railway com
pany's recent action in rajai'vinj? the tracks
{nun the right of way, and fhe Railway Com
mission is looking into the matter this week.
The Call belie\ T t'S that the commission can
oblige the railway company to rebuild the
road, as a little activity on its part last year
induced the company to replace the tracJt be
tween Oceanside and Fnllbrook. The Call
has the thanks of the people of San Diego
County for giving this case so much publicity.
Its course is in striking contrast to the daily
press of our own county, which, with a single
exception, remains discreetly bilent on this
subject.
THE VALLEY ROAD.
Alameda Kneinal.
The Valley road, which promises to do so
much for California, is now almost completed,
and it is claimed that within ten days the road
will be prepared to haul wheat out of the San
Joaquin Valley. Few people probably in Ala
meda County appreciate the benefit that will
accrue to California ihrough the Valley road,
but the people and especially the farmers in
the San Joaquin Valley do. They know only
too well the burden they have labored under
lor years, in the shape of high freight rates on
their products and they realize mat the hour
of their deliverance is close at liaud.
The man who has done so much for the State
in this direction is that worthy gentleman,
Claus Spreckels, and his grand work is thor
oughly appreciated by the people of the San
Jouquin Valley. In referring to him the Fresno
Expositor says : "It is safe to say that there is
not a man in the State of California to-day who
stands forth so prominently iv the commercial
world as does Claus Spreckels.
"As a public benefactor the San Joaquin Val
ley recognizes no one as the equal of Mr.
Spreckels, for to him they will owe their de
liverance from the cruel bondage in which
they have been held by the Southern Pacific
and its "all-the-traffir.-will-bear" freight pol
icy. Nor will Mr. Spreckels rest satisfied with
the final completion of his great Valley-road
enterprise, for it is now certain that it is his
intention to establish beet-sugar factories
throughout the valley, which will mean hun
dreds of thousands of dollars to the farmers in
this section of the State, and more especially
of Fresno County.
"When Mr. Spreckels' vast interests in the
United States and the Sandwich Islands are
considered— interests which represent an accu
mulation of wealth due nlone to his own ener
gies—it will be admitted that he is a man of
marvelous capabilities. The fact that through
the investment of this Immense wealth, many
thousands of hands fina employment and hun
dreds of homes are made comfortable, renders
Mr. Spreckels one of the few rich men of this
country whose success has benefited the
masses. It should be a matter of pride to every
Caliornian that Claus Spreckels is a citizen of
the Golden State."
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Ada Rehan has a fortune in American house
property.
Sarah Bernhardt, who has spent fortunes,
still owns a valuable estate in France.
The Earl of Aberdeen is sending a moose
from Canada to the Royal Zoological Gardens,
Dublin.
Mrs. Mary Mathew of South Latrobe, Pa., has
just completed a quilt of white and red shades,
which contains 7500 separate pieces oi cloth.
Sir Henry Irving, although not the million,
aire which the Americans credit him with
being, is still a wealthy mau, with large
property interests in London.
Sardou is now 60 years old, wrinkled and
half liald, but in his elastic step and brilliant
eye as youthful as a boy. He is said to have
earned $1,000,000 from his plays.
Queen Victoria has been more benefited in
health and spirits by her residence at Cimiez
than by any previous continental trip. Her
Majesty has been entirely free from rheuma
tism during her stay on the Riviera.
It is announced that Mrs. Agnes Smith Lewis,
who discovered the Syriuc palimpsest of the
four Gospels in the Convent of St. Catherine,
on Mount Sinai, in 1892, has discovered a
single page of the original Hebrew of the Book
of Ecclesiastics.
After the Countess oi Warwick had made an
address at a meeting held in the interests of
some British sailors recently, one bronzed old
tar stood up in the audience, bowed to her, and
remarked: "Good by, Countess. We did not
think that the likes of you took any heed of
the likes of us."
M. Turquet, who was Under Secretary for
Fine Arts under many Ministers, and became
one of the leaders in the Boulangist movement,
has just joined the third order ot Franciscans,
and attends their services in the brown robe
and white cord. He has returned to the
Catholic faith, after having been a Protestant
and afterward a Buddhist.
Probably the oldest physician ia active prac
tice in America is Dr. C. P. 11. Wiluohs of
Doylestown, Ohio, who is still practicing at
the age of 93. He has the appearance of a man
of 60, reads the newspapers without the aid of
glasses, and eats thre-i hearty meals each day.
He is a habitual smoker, but never used to
bacco until he was 50 years old. He attributes
bis longevity to heredity and careful regularity
in all his habits of life.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"I may be poor, madam,' 1 said the tramp
proudly, "but I have an honorable war record.
I was among the missing at the battle of Bull
Run."— Commercial Advertiser.
Tommy— Paw, what is a designing villain?
Mr. Figg— Oh, the description would apply
to one of these poster artists about as well as
anything.— lndianapolis Journal.
Nance— Jack Merton proposes in this letter.
I wonder if he really loves me; he has only
known me a week.
The Brother— Oh, then, perhaps he does.—
Tit-Bits.
"Why, you're a new man— they've shaved
you out of all recognition."
"Ye-e— be, he — es, the first time I looked in
the glass I only knew myself by my voice."—
London Judy.
If a chicken is served with dumplings, that
settles it; it is Bt least a year old. No chicken
can lay claim to having died young if It is
served on the table with dumplings. Youth
in a chicken is sufficient garnishment, as it is
with a girl.— Atchison Globe.
Customer— Why do you always relate those
horrid robber stories and other uncanny adven
tures when you are cutting oue's hair?
Hairdresser— Because they make people's
hair stand on end, and it is thus much easier
to cut.— Unscre Gesellschaft.
"It seems to me," observed tbe critic who
was looking at the oil painting entitled "A
Storm Scene," you've put a little too much
lightning."
"What's tbo use of being stingy with your
lightning?" said th.c artist, with superb scorn.
— Chicago Tribune.
ST. LOUIS DELEGATES.
The Banquet In Their Honor at the
Union League Club To-
Night.
The banquet at the Union League Club
this evening in honor of the California
delegates to the St. Louis National Repub
lican Convention will be, in a sense, an in
formal affair, but will be none the less de
lightful on that account. The following
named guests are enrolled on the accepted
list: • '
John D. Sprerkels, George Stone, Frank D.
Ryan, W. \V. Montague, Henry I. Kowalsky,
Dan T. Cole, Charles M. Belshaw, W. H. Mt-
Kittrlck, Allen B. Lemmon, Frank A. Mliler,
Frank H. Short. E. C. Voorheis, Hervey Llnd-
Icy, William Cluff, A. H. Hockheimer, D. E.
Knight, W. R. Pond, J. M. tfleaves, Ueorge A.
Knight andF. P. Flint.
The train from the south to arrive this
forenoon will bring others. Sixty-two
members of the Union League, aside from
those embraced in the foregoing list, have
signified their intention to be present, so
it is a sure thing that about one hundred
chairs at the banquet board will be oc
cupied.
There will be many speeches, but the
plan is that every speaker shall be brief, so
that all the good talkers will have an op
portunity to respond to some campaign
sentiment of patriotism and party devo
tion.
Ti.e dinner will be in the nature of a joy
ful send-off to the delegation, and more
time will probably be occupied in expres
sions of good-fellowship than in the review
of party principles.
The start for St. Louis will be made from
the ierry station, foot of Market street, at
10 o'clock to-morrow forenoon. A large
number of llepublicans will assemble
there at that hour to speed the departing
delegates.
FILL YOUR PORCH LUMPS
Reasons Given by the President
of the Gas Company for
Lack of Lights.
The Funds Are Exhausted and the
Supervisors Were Forced to
Economize.
Because of an empty City treasury the
street lamps will fail to reflect lights upon
the belated citizens from and after next
Monday night until the Ist of July.
This darkened condition during the fif
teen nights of the present month is caused
by the street light fund in the City treas
ury having been exhausted, or in other
words, overdrawn, leaving no funds with
whicn to pay the Gas Company for sup
plying lights for the balance of the month.
The situation of the City as a contract
ing party with the San Francisco Gaslight
Company can be best explained by quot
ing the word 3of Joseph B. Crockett, presi
dent of the gas company :
"Yes," said Mr. Crockett, "we will shut
off t c gas from the street lamps on the
ltith inst., and will not again turn on gas
until the Ist of July.
"The cause of this is brought about by
the conditions of existing affairs at the
City Hail.
"You see, by a decision of the Supreme
Court contractors with the City must in
form themselves as to the condition of the
fund out of which they expect payment
for the line of material for which they
have contracted; and if that particular
fund should be exhausted, then the con
tractor supplies the articles at his own
risk, without any legal claim against the
City. In other words, he cannot legally
demand payment, no matter how just his
claim may be.
"The gag company, on investigation of
the street-light fund, has discovered lhat
that fund is now overdrawn $8000, and to
continue supplying gas for the balance of
the month would just be so mucu money
lost to the company.
"Nor is this all. The department fund —
that is, the money appropriated for sup
plying the Fire Department, prisons, jails,
hospitals, school buildings and other insti
tutions belonging to the City — is also over
drawn or exhausted to about $1800. But
as a matter of public convenience we can
not shut off the gas in those institutions,
but must depend upon payment from the
general fund at the close of the fiscal year,
which will then amount to about $2000.
"This shortage in the street-light fund
we discovered as early as last March, and
then, with the consent of the Supervisors,
we shut off the gas four additional nights
in each month, making eight nights alto
gether. That is, we are allowed four mtrhts
at the full of every moon upon which no
lights are lit in ihe street lamps. To these
we added four more in the hopes that this
economy on our part would help tide over
the deficiency, 6ut it did not. Hence we
suggested to Supervisor Hirsch, the chair
man, to offer the resolution, which he did
on last Monday.
"Even with 'this retrenchment the gas
company will lose alone $1500 in the fifteen
days in which there will be no lights.
Our lamplighters are paid by the month,
wort or no work, and our payroll shows
that we pay out $3000 for lamplisrhters
alone. Now one-half of this is given to the
men for no services rendered to us."
"Well, how was it last year. The Super
visors passed jusl such a resolution as the
one passed on Monday, and the gas com
pany simply ignored it?" was asked.
"Oh, yes, that was entirely under differ
ent circumstances," said Mr. Crockett.
"Last year when the Supervisors passed
that resolution we found that there were
am tie funds in the treasury to pay for the
gas to be supplied, and interpreting the
Supreme Court decision we came to the
conclusion that we could not nullify our
section of the contract even when the
contracting parties on the other side vio
lated theirs. Hence we paid no attention
to the resolution, but went right along
and lived up to our contract."
It will thus be seen from the interpreta
tion given the contract and the decision of
the Supreme Court on the question of con
tractors with the municipality that there
will be no street lamps lighted after next
Monday. "
NEW ORLEANS NOT IN IT
San Francisco Will Set an
Example for Future
Carnivals.
An Immense Amount of Work Ac
complished Yesterday by the
Committee.
A great amount of work was accom
plished at Monday's meeting of the ex
ecutive committee of the Carnival of the
Golden Gate.
A series of by-laws was presented for the
Government of the Carnival Association,
which was unanimously adopted. The
by-laws make regulations for the safe
guarding of the funds, and also define the
duties of the officers. The surplus funds
remaining at the end of the carnival will
be deposited in the bank and used for the
succeeding carnival, and the present ex
ecutive committee is given power to elect
its successors for the succeeding year, who
will conduct matters as has this commit
tee.
Several of the committees were consoli
dated in order to concentrate and render
more efficient committee work.
By motion of Mr. Mills the San Fran
cisco Press Club was designated as the
press committee of the carnival. In mak
ing this motion Mr. Mills spoke of the
Press Club in nattering terms, saying:
"We caunot trust to better hands the vari
ous duties of the committee."
The programme published in yesterday's
papers was adopted. The arrangement of
events are still subject to a different ad
justment witn regard to the days of the
week.
Tbe mattar of finance was thoroughly
discussed and it was decided to increase
the committee by tne addition of the fol
lowing ten gentlemen: Wendell Easton,
Sigmund Stern, A. S. Baldwin, J. B. El
liott, T. T. WJliams, R. L. C. Barnes, W.
M. Bunker, Hugh Hume.Tnomas T. Boyle
and J. Prentiss Smith. A meeting will be
held in the assembly-rooms of the Mills
building to-morrow afternoon at half-past
3 o'clock.,
The committee on transportation will
embrace th* heads or the rensentatives of
all the roads centering in San Francisco.
General Warfield last night named the
following gentlemen as the committee on
transportation: H. E. Huntington, J.
Kruttschnitt, Charles F. Crocker, A. B.
Spreckels, E. F. Preston, Charles Goodall,
Arthur W. Foster, J. B. Stetson, John JL.
Truslow and M. Calish.
Arrangements will be made to have the
entire City- Fire Department in the parade.
It was stated that thp members of the de
partment have already expressed their
gratification at being accorded a special
day.
VISITING ENGINEERS.
One Hundred and Fifty Delegates Ex-
pected to Attend the Annual Con
veution in This City.
The American Society of Civil Enginesrs
will hold their annual -convention in this
City, commencing Monday, June 29.
About 150 delegates, w *h their wives and
children, will come in a special train
from the East, arriving at Truckee Sun
day, June 28, at 11 a. M., and after a ride
by "daylight through the wild mountain
scenery this side of Truckee will arrive in
this City Sunday night at 8:45 o'clock.
The i'ocal committee of arrangements,
consisting of George H. Gray, Colonel
George H. Alendell. James D. Sohuvler,
W. G. Curtis and W. B. Storey Jr., are
making active preparatious for Hie recep
tion of the visitors.
On Monday. July 29, at 10 A. M., the con
vention will be called to order in the
Academy of Science building. Monday
ni'htagrand reception will be given to
the delegates at the Palace Hotel. On
Tuesday there will be a trip around the
bay and a visit to the Union Iron Works.
Wednesday. July 1, will be spent visiting
points of interest in the City. On Thurs
day the delegates will visit San Mateo and
Del Monte. On the following day they
will visit Santa Cruz, San Jose and Oak
land. Although this ends the formal list
of arrangements for the entertainment,
probably a large number will stay over in
Sau Francisco during the Fourth of July.
HE IS AGAINST VINING
Judge Conlan Champions the
People in Their Transfer
Fight.
The Cases Against Edward C. Howe,
Arrested on Monday, Are
Dismissed.
Judge Conlan again made it plain to
Manager Vining yesterday that he was
against him on the transfer proposition by
dismissing the charges of obstructing the
street and disturbing the peace, upon
which E. C. Howe was arrested by De
tective Crocket and Policeman Farley
Monday afternoon.
Crockett and Farley gave their evidence,
in which they displayed animosity toward
the defendant. Crockett said he arrested
him for giving him impertinence and de
fying him to do so.
Howe admitted urging the passenger
who was being ejected to stand by his
rights. He had read in the papers that
the company had no right to eject a pas
senger if he hail paid his fare.
Attorney Frank Kelly, who appeared
for the Market-street Cabin Company, de
manded that the defendant be severely
punished as he had been inciting people to
riot.
"I shall dismiss the case," said the
Judge. "I believe the officers acted be
yond their instructions in making the
arrest. This case grows out of a vexatious
transfer system. It is one of those cases
in which the people believe they are right,
and I intend to treat it as I shall ail similar
cases.- -•.:■>■••'':..
"V."hen a man boards a car and pays bis
fare he has a legal' right to a ride, which
I the company cannot take away from him.
and ii an. attempt be made to put him off
he has the ie al right to resist. I feel
sorry for the employes, as they must try
to put him off or lose their positions, but
that does not in any way affect the legal
right of the passenger to an uninterrupted
ride.
"That is ray view of the law, and I shall
not exert the power of this court to aid
the company in its unlawful right. This
will be my attitude in all similar cases
brought before me until this obnoxious
transfer system is abolished."
At the conclusion of the Judge's re
marks there was applause in the court,
which he instantly suppressed.
• ♦ — •
California, glace fruits, 50c lb. Towngend's.*
• — ♦ »
Townsend's soft chewing Molasses Taffy. %
» ♦ — «—.« — .
A street-waterer in Calcutta, who
sprinkles the streets from a water-skin
sarried on his shoulders, is paid about
chree pence a day.
•— ♦ — •
- Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by tha Prosi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 .Montgomery. '
— » «
No peer has sat in the House of Lords during
the whole of her Majesty's reign, though the
Earl of Mansfield has sat there for six-and-fif ty
years. Of the other peers who have sat longest
in the House of Lords, one, it is not generally
known, is the Earl of Kimberly.
SOT. S0 — Special Train— 967.so. Repub
lican Convention at St. Louis,
Leaves San jfrancisco Thursday, Juno 11, at 10
a. m. via Salt Lake C'ity-D«nver, thence Burling
ton route. The entire California and Nevaia dele
gations have accommodations on this tr .in. Hate
to St. Louis and return, 967 50. Berths for this
train must, be secured at olticfo: Burlington route.
32 .Montgomery st.
•—• — » — •
St. Lonia Convention.
Parties taking advantage of the cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure tickets re
turning via St. Paul and the Nor hern Pacific
Railroad. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
> ♦ — *
"Mrs. WingloWs Soothing Syrup"
Has been used overSOyearsby millions of mothen
for their children while Teething with perfect surj
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allari
Pain, cures Wind Colic, reirulates the Bowels aol
lathe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teethin? or other causes. For sale by Dru;
gisls in every par: of the world. Be sure and asis
lor Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. Vißc a boitla.
Cobonado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly flrr. *iV,
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north, itound-trip tickets, by steam*
ship, including fifteen days' board at th» Hotel is:
Corpnado, $t>o: longer stay $2 60 per da/. Ap?l/
4 .New Montgomery st., San Kra-iclsoo.
"The Deltneatob.'" the leading fashion maga
zine. July edition with colored plates. The But
terick Publishing Company (limited), 124 Post
street, 8. F.
Ancient History Man— Here are the names of
some of the tribes inhabiting Canaan: The
Kenltes, the Kenizzites, the Kadmonites, the
HHtites, the Pcrizzites, the Amorites, the Gir
gashites, the Hlvites, the Jebusites and the
Moabites.
Man from New Jersey— How about the mo*
quito bites?— Judge.
NEW TO-DAT.
JL Gives Free
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish, 1 salad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitchers,
3tabli tumblers, butterdish.
Susrar bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and. spoons, 6 berry dishes and • -'
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
5Qc TEAS, any kind.
Colima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder.
AT— .;■-..
Great AmericanliortlnsTea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
'344 Mfricet st. , 4 6 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st. .-
-140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore tt.
617 « a .7 Iy atm 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 sixteenth st.
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3 359 Mission st.
52 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
ill San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alamcda.SK6DAY JUNK 10, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
rATfwTv Ttttatfr.— "ln Mizzoura."
California Theater.— "The Home Secretary,"
ilor.rtay evening, June 15.
< oia-mbia 1 bkatkk— "Brother John.'
Mor.osoo'B Opkba-Hocsk— "Brother Against
brother. ' * . ; :,- > "- '
I'ivou Opeka-Housf.— "Lorraine."
i i Hui-M- Higli-dass Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple.—" Miss Jerry."
Miuo Conky Island — Bathing and Perform-
ances.
mooT the Chiite»— Dally at Haight street, one
fciock east of the Park.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club.— Races to-day. ,
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion and Picnic— To Glen Ellen, Wed-
lesday. June 17.
AUCTION SALES.
By 8. Basch— This day (Wednesday), Stoves,
Agateware, etc, at 1370 Market st . at 11 o'clock.
By Frank W. Bdttkrfield — This day
[Wednesday), Furniture, at 437% Fourth street,
it 11 o'clock.
By M. J. Mcßride— Thursday, June 11, Horses,
M. 507 Jessie streei, at 11 o clock.
By Easton & Eldridok— Saturday, June 13,
General Machinery and Commission Business, at
16 Fremont street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
Fair; warmer Wednesday.— Forecast Official
Hammon.
The strike of the cabdrivers is still on, but is
directed only at the Pacific Carriage Company.
The Phoenix Republican Club organized last
mjrht in Scottish Hall aud enrolled 230 mem
bers.
The misspelling of a forged name was yester
day decidea by the Supreme Court to be no de
fense.
The will of Henry Lenthal was yesterday
fil->i for probate. He left property valued at
92500.
George T. Hanley has been ordered to ac
count to Judge Coffey for the estate of William
A. Mann, a minor.
J. F. Dennan. a policeman, has applied for a
divorce from his wife, alleging intemperance,
cruelty and infidelity.
Frederick H. Levy yesterday applied for let
ters of Bdministration upon the estate of Jacob
Levy, who died intestate.
Michael Costello was yesterday granted let
ters of administration on the estate of Denuis
Costello, valued at $6000.
Judge Coffey's rule to hold trust funds sub
ject to the order of the court will be passed
upon by the Supreme Court.
The American ships Samaria and Sterling
were sold to California parties yesterday. Both
will be put in the Alaska trade".
The Point Lobos Improvement Club will ask
the Board of Education to establish. a night
school in the Richmond District.
The Supreme Court yesterday decided that
the city oi Sacramento must pay the interest
and principal ot its overdue bonds.
Tiie winning horses at Ingleside yesterday
were: Oakley, Howards, Last Chance, George
Ro»e, La Flecha, Olive and Montgomery.
At a meeting of the directors of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association yester
day their i.ffiria. trademark was adorned.
Edward B. Cutter was yesterday appointed
executor of the will of Jane A. Cutter and the
will probated. The estate is valued at $13,000.
President J. B. Crockett of the gas company
makes clear the position why no street lamps
will be lighted lor fifteen days in this month.
The case of Martin Cleary, customs inspector,
chargeo by ( harles Favor with threats to kill,
whs dismissed by Judge Low yesterday for lack
of prosecution.
The preliminary examination of Wesley T.
Lewis, charged with criminal assault upon
Florence Ready was commenced before Judge
Conian yesterday.
Chairman Pepper of the American Bimetallic
party has Issued a tall for Senatorial district
conventions to elect delegates to the National
Convention of the party.
The will of John H. Theiss was yesterday ad
mitted to probaie, and his widow, Anna M.
Tlieiss, appointed executrix of the estate,
which amount.- to .•j ; 3'-<X>
The police are looking for a man who tried
to kiss Rose Dittkop while standing on the
l-aci; porch of her uncle's house at Russ and
Natoma streets Monday night.
The most gorgeous wedding ever celebrated
at the Presbyterian Mission Home, 920 Sacra
mento street, took place there last night, when
Wong Cheng was married.
'"ollector Wi«e is in receipt of an important
ruling from the department at Washington
re.atiug to entries for immediate transporta
tion to the value oi ;*IOO or less.
A chemical analysis made by Dt. Morgan of
the stomach of Mayne vVorrall, who died sud
denly last Saturday at the Palace Hotel, shows
that she did not die by poisoning.
The closing exercises of the boys' primary
department of Our Lady of Mercy's Academy
v ere held yesterday afternoon at the school,
corner of Harrison and Fremont streets.
In the Ashley-Baldwin trial yesterday detec
tive Wood testified that Baldwin agreed to pay
him $2500 and expenses for coming from
Boston with evidence against Miss Ashley.
The river pilots are at war with the South
ern Pacific. They claim that the railroad has
been employing unlicensed pilots on its river
■steamers, and will tate the matter into court.
The British bark Coloma had a narrow es
cape from destruction yesterday. The wind
died away and she drifted down on Mile Rock.
Her anchors huid until the tug Vigilant went
to her assistance.
The steam schooner Jeanie, which sailed for
the Arctic with supplies for the whalers, put
back yesterday on account of the illcess of
Captain J. N. Knowles of the Pacific Steam
Whaline Company.
Miss Willena Hurgren, who lived with her
uncle and aunt at 819 Valencia street, caused
them some anxiety by taking her departure
for Portland on Saturday without notifying
them of her intention.
To-night a new social and athletic club will
be organized, known as the St. George's Club,
with William Greer Hurrison as president.
The club will occupy a handsome building to
ted on Mason street.
George Johnston, 17 years of age, was ar
lested yesterday for iorging the name of H. H.
Noble, manager of the Cypress Lawn Cemetery
Company, to a check for $130, which he tried
tocatn at Wells, Fargo's Bank.
Corbett is getting into condition at the
Olympic Athletic Cljb for tbe four-round
sparriug contest, and Sharkey, who says Cor
bett wiil know ne has been before him, will
get down to work to-day in Oakland.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald was the re
cipient yesterday of a very handsomely framed
testimonial from the employes of the San
Mateo Railroad Company in recognition of ser
vices He had rendered them in the past.
The Bicycle Board of Trade met last night,
increased its monthly dues and the number of
its director^, passed resolutions censuring
Judge Bahrs and tavoring the adoption of the
new charter, and discussed the advisability of
running the cycle track at Central Park.
Auditor Broderick depends upon the repeal
of the fourth section of the appropriation
order to pay the bills of the last month of the
ti^cul year. There were overdrafts and sur
pluses In the several departments. The fourth
section forbids his auditing any bills on an
appropriation that Is overdrawn, if that is
repealed he will be allowed to audit bilis for
tne deficiencies, tne money being paid from
the surplusages In this way he thinks all the
obligations of the year can be met.
NEW TO-DAY. .
"wild"
With Eczema
I was a sufferer for eight year* from Eczema, but
now am entirely cured . The palms of my hands
were covered and badly inflamed; littlo -white
blisters appeared, then would peel off, leaving
a red smooth surface, which would burn like
fire and itch. On the inside of the upper part of
mv limbs, great red blotches would appear, and
as soon as 1 became warm, the burning and itch-
ing would begin. Night after night I would lie
awake and scratch, and almost co wild. I got a
box of Cuticcr*. and a bottle of Ccticura Re-
solvent, and after a few appl cations I noticed
the rednees and Inflammation disappear; before I
had uned ofie box there wai no < V^'m^^Tf
Uft. I can truthfully assert that f'2.00 worth of
< r ticura RjSMKPIEB < SSSKlitUb«».>
Clticc JOHN D. PORTE, PltUburg, Pa.
<!,.„„ Cr Bl Triatmest. - Warm hath« with ff-
ti. ru* Soai- wntle »pplie«ti..nt ol Citk.t«i (omt-
ol humor cure*.
Sold throughout the world. Price c ™£7*> «!*•'
Soaf. Me.; Kesolvewt *«c. »nd «1. Font* Dnuo
inn Them Copf., Sole P-op»., Borton. «_.«_
'ii- ■ "How U> PermuienUy Cure Ec««ni." maUed free.
NARROW ESCAPE
OF THE COLOMA
A British Bark That Came
Perilously Near Mile
Rock.
ATTEMPTED TO SAIL IN
The Wind Died Out Off Fort
Point aDd Then the Tide
Took Control.
ANCHORED AMONG BREAKERS
Finally Captain Noyes Signaled the
Vigilant and Was Towed to
Safety.
The British bark Coloma from Hong
kong for San Francisco, with a cargo of
general merchandise, had a narrow escape
from total destruction at the heads yes
terday morning. She sailed past the fort
and was making fair headway when the
wind fell light. The ebbtide then took
! control and in half an hour had earned
the bark to within a few hundred yards of
Mile Rock. The anchor was let go and
fortunately it held. The sails were not
furled, however, as both the captain and
pilot thought that with the turn of the
tide the wind would spring up and they
would be able to clear the ship from the
rocks.
Unfortunately for them, however, the
tide ran out three hours later than the
time'given by the hydrographic table, and
before an attempt to move could be made
the wind was blowing strong and the
heavy seas were momentarily threatening
to tear the bark away from her moorings.
Several times she got perilously near to
I Mile Kock, and then Pilot Swanson man
aged to sheer her oS and let go a socond
anchor, whicn being hove up a little short
kept the vessel from swinging in the di
rection of the rocks. After lying in this
position for over eight hours Captain
Noyes accepted a. tow from the Vigilant,
and was taken to a place of safety.
Captain Noyes of the Coloma is an old
trader to this port and having a fair wind
he determined to reach an anchorage
without a pilot if possible. He failed in
his attempt and Captain Alexander Swan
son boarded him. The first thing tiie
pilot did was to advise the master to take
a tow, but this be refused to do. At 5
a. M. the vessel was reported sailing in
and an hour later she Dad drifted back
into what Captain Thomas of the steamer
Truckee considered a dangerous position.
He steamed in and offered assistance, but
Captain Noyes refused it. The Truckee
stood by for some time, and when the Vigi
lant put in an appearance Captain Thomas
made for his berth. From ttiat time until
| noon Captain Clem Randall stood by her,
expecting every minute she would strike
and that it would then be a case of salvage.
All tbe vessel's sails h«d been clewed
up in the meantime and she was pitching
bow under with almost e^ery wave. Tne
only undismayed spectators on either the
j bark or tbe tug were the captain's wife
I and daughter. While the husband and
father was near they could feel no fear.
Finally Captain Noyes came to the con
clusion that discretion was the better part
of valor and he accepted the terms offered
iby Captain Randall of the Vigilant. Tne
latter at once took hold and kept the Coio
ma up to her anchors while tne chain was
taken in. Nearly seventy fathom had been
run out of one hawsehole, and it was long
past the dinner hour when the men got
that anchor in. When told to heave away
on the other they struck work and de
manded something to eat. After a parley
their request was granted and in conse
quence it was 2 p.m. before they set to
work on the second anchor, the Vigilant
in the meantime steaming ahead to keep
the bark away from the rocks.
When the second anchor was clear the
tide was running out strong again, and the
tug had a heavy tow to a safe anchorage
off Meiggs wharf. Once there, however,
all danger was past and the Coloma's
anchors were again dropped. ,
"Had it not been for the unu?Tially long
run out of the tide," said Captain Swanson
yesterday, "the Coloma would have come
in with the flood without any trouble.
The snow is melting in the mountains ana
a very big body of water is coming down
the rivers in consequence. This kept the
ebbtide running about three hours longer
than usual yesterday, and in the meantime
the wind and sea got up and put us in a
box. The Coloraa, however, was never in
any real danger.
The scene from Bakers Beach was a very
pretty one and thousands of people went
out to have a look at the vessel apparently
in the breakers and the tug standing by
ready to lend assistance.
SUBJECT TO WHIMS.
Mis* Willena Hurgren, a Wealthy Toxins;
Lady, Suddenly Departs for
Portland.
Willena Hurgreu, a young lady, 22 years
of age, took it into her head on Saturday
to go to Portland. She was living with
her uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. David
Bchindler, 819 Valencia street, and packed
her trunk without telling them where she
was going. She went to the ticket agent
of the steamship company and deposited
with him a diamond ring as security for
her ticket and $5 in cash, which he ad
vanced her.
She told the agent that she was trying to !
escape from her relatives, who wanted to
imprison her in order to secure possession
of her property worth in the neighborhood
of $50,000. She said she had been con
stantly under surveillance and that spies j
in her uncle's employ had been constantly j
dogeing her footsteps. To the agent nhe
appeared to be excited, but perfectly |
rational in her talk.
Mr. Schindler said last night that the j
young girl had lived with his family since
she was a few weeks old. She inherited i
about $40,000 worth of property from her •
father, which is situated in Portland and
Seattle.
She was subject to whims and delusions
and one of them was that her relatives
were trying to get her property. "When, he
was in business in Portland be hud bor
rowed money from her giving her mort
gages on his factory and other property.
He failed about two years aao and was un
able to pay her back the money he bor
rowed from her, Dut had .been paying her
interest on the amount since.
For the past six months Miss Hnreren
had peen studying kindergarten methods
at Miss Thompson's school, on Green street,
near Octavia, with the view of becoming
a teacher.
A Good Investment.
Judge Coffey yesterday probated the will oi
James O. Johnson. Emma V. Johnson was
named as executrix, with bond fixed at ssooo.
The estate is worth over $10,000, and yields
an income of over $200 per month.
\ Chinese Murderer.
Lang Quong was convicted of manslaughter
in Judge Belcher's ccurt yesterday. On Janu
ary 24 last he shot and killed YungYim in
a Chinese bagnio.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
The British Bark Coloma and Tug Vigilant as They Appeared Yesterday When Near to Dangerous
Mile Rock. The Coloma Is Passing a Hawser to the Vigilant in Order to Be Towed to a Place
of Safety.
[Sketched by a "Call artist.]
AN ANNIVERSARY
OF "OLD GLORY."
Saturday Its One Hundred
and Nineteenth
Birthday.
ORIGIN OF FLAG DAY.
: Respect for the Memory of Betty
Ross, Who Made the
First Banner.
THE ORIGINAL NAVAL EMBLEM
San Francisco's Children Will Observe
the Day With Patriotic Exer
cises in the Schools.
Sunday next will be the one hundred
and nineteenth anniversary of the adop
tion of the stars and stripes as the em
blem of the United States of America, and
the public school children of this City
will observe the day with patriotic ex
ercises. The Valentine Holt Society of
the Children of the American Revolution,
THE ORIGINAL STARS AND STRIPES.
the only one of the kind on the Pacific
Coast, will honor the occasion by flying
the stars and stripes from their residences
in this City. This society has made a re
quest that all patriotic residents of San
Francisco make a display of the flag on
the following day.
The celebration of Flag day dates back
to June 14, 1890, when Jonathan F. Mor
ris of Hartford, Conn., registrar of the
Connecticut Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution, suggested to his
society the idea of observing annually the
anniversary of the adoption of the flag.
His idea was adopted, and within a short
time it was presented to the National
Society by Judge Lucius P. Derning of
New Haven, indorsed and recommended
to all S tate societies. Within six years
after the happy inspiration was outlined
at Hartfcrd, Flag day received almost
National recognition.
On June 12, 1862, Mr. Morris had secured
the presentation in Congress of a resolu
lution in which the idea of Flag day was
embodied, but for some reason never ex
plained the resolution was tabled.
Betty, the wife of John Ross of Phila
delphia, was the maker and partial de
signer of the proud emblem that com
mand 3 the respect of every nation of the
world. It was in June, 1776, that a com
mittee of Congress, of which Colonel
George Ross was one, accompanied by
General George Washington, called on
Mrs. Ross, then a widow, doing business
as an unholsterer at 239 Arch street, near
Third, Philadelphia, and engaged her to
make a flag, he furnishing her a rough
drawing of what he wanted. She offered
a suggestion that met the approval of her
visitors. In her back parlor. General
Washington, in accordance with her ex
pressed ideas, redrew the flag, and from
that drawing the first star-spangled banner
was made and adopted by tbe following
resolution in Continental Congress, June
14, 1777:
Resolved, That the flag of the thirteen States
be thirteen *>tripes, alternate red and white,
that the union be thirteen stars, white in a
blue field, representing a new constellation.
That was the first stars and stripes that
ever floated to tbe breeze.
Mrs. Ross was the daughter of Samuel
Griscom, who was a Friend, quite promi
nent in his day. the head of a large family
oi children all educa'ed in habits of in
dustry. Her maiden name was Elizabeth
GrUcom, born January 1, 175 J. She was
married three times — to John Ross in 1770,
subsequently to Joseph Ashburn, who
died a prisoner of war in Mill Prison, Eng
land, and then to John Claypoole, a lineal
descendant of Oliver Cromwell. Mrs.
Ross' first husband was the nephew of
Colonel John Ross., a member of the Com
mittee on Flag named by Congress and
one of the signers of the Declaration of
Independence. These facts are from a
paper read by William J. Canby before the
Historical Society of Pennsylvania in 1870.
The pew that was occupied by Betty
Ross in Christ Church in Philadelphia
is always decorated by an American flag,
placed there by a member of the Society of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion.
In 1686 the New England colors were
first put to the breeze. They expressed
the first suggestion of liberty, although
emblazoned with the royal arms. The
flag raised at Cambridge by Washington
was, as regards the stripes, identical with
the stripes of to-d:iy, but there were no
stars upon it. In place there was on the
blue canton the crosses of St. George and
St. Andrew, the Union Jack of Great
Britain, for the colonies, while uniting
for defense against her tyranny, still
acknowledged the mother country.
It is a remarkable fact that the first
flag made of American material was not
raised until lS6fi It was floated over the
Capitol at Washington, D. C, on the 24ch
of February, having been presented to the
Government by General B. P. Butler.
Since the beginning of the American
Republic there have been tive flags for
wnich tiie American people were willing
to die— the Pine Tree, the Rattlesnake,
the Grand Union, the Flag of '77 and Old
Glory.
DISPLAY "OLD GLORY."
Major Taylor AsKed to Have the
Anniversary of the Adoption of
the Flag Observed.
The California Society of the Sons and
Sequoia Chapter of the Daughters of
the American Revolution have requested
the Mayor to have the flag displayed from
the public buildings of the City on Mon
day, June 15, the one hundred and nine
teenth anniversary of the adoption of the
flag occurring on Sunday, June 14.
Valentine Holt Society of the Children
of the American Revolution has addressed
the following communication to the
Mayor:
Colonel Charlen L. Taylor, Artiiirj Mayor, ('it<j
and County of San Francinco: Dear Sir— The !
approaching 14t:i of June will be the one |
hundred and nineteenth anniversary of the i
s. ioption dv Congress of the stars and stripes!
a? tne (lag of the Katioa.
In recognition of this historical event the i
Valentine Holt Society of the Children of the
American Revolution, of which I have the
honor to be president, respectfully request
that you will issue such orders in your official
capacity as will cause to be raised on all pub
lic buildidgs of the City, either the day pre
editing or the day succeeding June 14, that
date falling on Sunday, our National Hag.
It is also the desire of the soei>'tv that you
urge upon our citizens the duty and appropri
ateness of unfurling Old Glory to the breeze on |
tnis occasion as an object lesson, in not only
creating and extending a patriotic interest
among our American yohth, but which shall
serve also toward developing among that
mighty army that has gathered here from near
and far, whose children may one day bu 4he
rulers of our land, a respect for the institu
tions of the land of their adoption. Hopine j
that you will take pleasure in complying with
the request of the society, I am, courteously i
yours, S. Isabel], e HfBBARD, President.
TRIED TO KISS HER.
i Pretty R»ae Wittkop AMHanlted by a
Man on the Back Porch of
Her Uncle's House.
The police are looking for a man who
attempted to assault Hose Wittkop, a
comely young girl 16 years ot age, on Mon
j day night.
The girl lives with her brother-in-law,
' Henry Westphal, on the southwest corner
lof Russ and Natoma streets. About 10
J o'clock Monday night she stepped out of
1 the kitchen door onto the porch, when a
i man seized her by the hand and attempted
to kiss her. She screamed and he ran
away. Her uncle, who.ran to her assist
ance, saw the man disappearing over the
fence.
Policeman T. P. Riordan was notified,
j but he was unable to find trie man. The
girl said she had never seen him before.
! She described him as of medium height,
compactly built and with large, dark
bright eyes.
111 1 is thought the man had seen the girl
enter the house some time during the day
and admiring her appearance resolved to
get possession of her. He had evidently
got entrance to the yard by climbing the
fences.
A N«w Corporation.
The Chlvatb Mining and Milling Company
whs incorporated yesterday with a capital
stock of $1,000,000, all of which is paid up.
The incorporators are William J. Sutherland,
Edward S. Spring, W. G. Holmes, Bolton Royce
aud W. K. dreene.
RIVER PILOTS
TO FIGHT BACK.
They Are After the South
ern Pacific Railroad
Company.
UNLICENSED MEN WORK
A Complaint Has Been Filed
and the Case Will Be
Tried in Court.
SALE OF IWO AMERICAN SHIPS
Return of the Steamer Jeanie on Ac
count of the Illness ot J. N.
Knowles.
The river pilots are after the Southern
Pacific and in a few days they will have
;he corporation at the bar of the United
States District Court. A few days ago the
oilowinsr affidavit was tiled with Collector
>f the Port John H. Wise:
Frank Cruthers of tne City and County of
•an Francisco, being duly sworn, deposes and
,ay>: That one R. A. Paul has been ccii
itantiy in tbe employ of the Southern Pacific
itailroad Company "since Anril 15, 1896, as
jilot of the steamer Apache, said steamer
>eing owned ana controlled by the Southern
Company, running daily upon the Sac
•amento River, in this State, and during tne
vhole time has continuously served as pilot of
md on said steamer on the said Sacramento
Uver.
That the said R. A. Paul has never during
my portion of said time been licensed or
lassih'ed as pilot by the Board of Local In
pect ors or elsewhere at all.
In explaining the cause of the trouble
Captain Cruthers said: "Last April K.
i.. White, superintendent of the Sacra
nento River steamers owned by the South
;rn Pacinc.nischareed Captain Steve Steph
:nson, a duly qualified pilot, and put K.
\.. Paul in liis place. The latter is licensed j
o take boats as far as the Brothers, but i
10 further. In allowing Paul to act as
pilot to Sacramento tbe Southern Pacific!
las, under section 4438 ot the Revised j
Statutes, made itself liable for a fine of j
iIOO a day for each day Paul so acted.
•'Wnen Collector Wise received our com
munication he turned it over to United j
states District Attorney Foote and that I
jentleman must have taken action, as last j
Saturday Paul was disrated to the position
>f watchman and Stephenson was given j
lis old position. The case will be tried be- !
fore .ludge Morrow in the United States :
District Court, and if tbe full fine is im
posed Collis P. Huntington w ill be minus
aver $5000.
"Superintendent K. A.White thinks that
by reappointing Captain Stephenson he
will get us to let up on him, but he is mis
taken, as the case will be pressed to a fin
ish.
"Captain W. C. Tyler of the T. C.
Walker is In this fight also, and we have
aver a dozen witnesses who will swear
that Paul acted as pilot on the steamer
A.pache between here and Sacramento. We
are determined to uphold our organiza
tion, and no one who is without a license
will ever run as pilot on the Sacramento !
or San Joaquin rivers."
Almost the entire crew of the cruiser
Philadelphia were ashore yesterday, and
iriiled on Lombard-street wharf. Over
250 men were in line, and the full band
was present. For over an hour the men
were exercised, and then all returned to
the ship. On Saturday the men from the J
Monadnock will join those from the Phila
delphia, and all will go to Golden Gate
Park for parade.
George H. White, the well-known col
lector on Washington-street wharf, was
married last night to Miss Hardy of Oak
land. The counie will spend the honey
moon in Sonoma County and on their
return the wharfingers and collectors will
give them a* surprise party.
The new coal-buukers at Howard 2 were
used for the fir-<t time yesterday. The
steatn schooner Truckee went under them
and discharged a cargo ot Beaver Hill
coal.
The American ship Sterling was yester
day sold by John liosenteld's Sons to the
Alaska Packers' Association and she will
be sent to Alaska. Captain Davis will
take command and Captain Wheldon is in
consequence without a command.
The ship Samaria was also sold to S. B.
Peterson for $11,000. Captain Munson,
who lost the Modoc in the Gulf of Cali
fornia, will supersede Captain Reed, who
has been master of the ship for years.
The Hawaiian bark Leahi is having a
new fore and mainmast put in her at Oak
land. When the repairs are made she will
go to Eureka to load lumber for Sydney,
N. S. W.
Captain White of the sealing schooner
NEW TO-DAY.
Cheapest, Because the Best
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Rend for that little book, "Infant
Health;" great value to mothers. Sent
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
71 Hudson Street, How Tor*
HEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
CITOf§|PARIS!-
SUMMER CLEARANCE!
COMMENCED MONDAY, JUNE 8.
Reductions General!
Deeper Cuts Than Ever!
Telling Bargains
IN EVERY DEPARTMENT.
DO NOT MiSS THE OPPORTUNITY!
BEGAN ]M[Q]Xri>A."y !
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Come Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLBDE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
Eppinger started early this season and
made a phenomenal catch on this coast.
He is going to try it again, and yesterday i
he chartered the schooner Falcon and will ;
try his luck in Berings Sea next month.
*The steam schooner Jeanie. which sailed
for the Arctic with supplies for the (
whalers last Saturday, put back into port
last night Captain J. N. Knowles of the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company and
Arctic Oil Works, who was a passenger,
wbs taken suddenly ill when the vessel
was miles up the coast, so it was at
once put about. As soon as the Jeanie
came to an anchor the tug Monarch went
alongside, and taking the sick man aboard
went direct to Oakland.
Waitt'B Divorce Case.
Louisa A. Waitt was yesterday granted a di
vorce from George D. Waitt by Judge Hunt.
Sometime ago the husband attempted to se
cure a divorce on the ground of infidelity, but
failed. The wife then entered suit, and as the
defendant failed to respond she secured judg
ment by default.
•—• — ♦ — •
Divorrcd for Desertion,
John Mitchison was yesterday granted a di-
vorce from Maggie McClellan Mitchison by
Judge Hebbard. Desertion was the Kround.
NEW TO-PAT.
""Si JMTTEB
\f EXTRfI
I^l l EaTRA
rSi UIU
mi Bourbon
i medicinal
E|| -tfCUTT'* whiskey
HI ** EXTRA «| for el
INMa*§)«Js quarter-
century.
U Tr -J E. MARTIN
F'^§ > § 411 Market St.,
~~— — j^ San Francisco.
Built and guaranteed by the largest
bicycle factory in the world.
1896 MODELS,
$85.00 0N TERMS.
$5 down. $2 per week.
I BOYS' AND GIRLS'
GUARANTEED WHEELS,
$25 and $30.
EXCEPTIONAL VALUES
In Second-hand Offerings.
$15 to $35.
INDIANA
BICYCLE COMPANY,
18 and 20 McAllister Street, 5. F.
OPEN EVENINGS.
GOODWILL AUCTION.
I will sell to the highest bidder for cash the
Goodwill of the General Machinery and Commis-
sion business formerly conducted . by H. P.
Grcgorv & Co. (a corporation), Nos 46 and 48
Fremont street. in the City and County of San
Francisco, state of California, on
SATURDAY.
Saturday June 13. 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
EASTON ELDUIDGK A CO., 638 MARKET ST.,
In said city, county and state.
TYLER HEN SHAW, Trustee.
EASTON ELDHIDGE &CO.. Auctioneers,
638 Market >treet.
NEW TO-DAT— ABUJSEMENTS.
SUTRO_BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P.M.
GRAND El ECTRICAt STEREOPTI-
COX EVEKY EVENING.
Beautiful Picture;*. Magnificent Color-
ings, Prominent Sights and Scenes. .
GENERAL ADMISSION—
Adults, 10c — Children, So.
NEW TO-I> AY— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
T £ [ TO-NIGHT 1-
Baldwin »
_^ — »_— « — ~_ MATINEE SAT.
Instantaneous and Unequivocal Success!
The Distinguished Comedian,
JXT^II 1 O. GOOD-WIN
And His superb puny
In an Klaborat« Production of
"iaxr MizzourtA.!"
By Augustus i liou.as, i.sq., Author of '-Alabama."
*S~A sterling Wholesome Play
of intense interest ami brilliant comedy.
AT THE " NEXT
CALIFORNIA - MONDAY NIGHT,
Star Cast DRAMATIC STOCK CO.,
Under the direction of L. K. stockwell.
Presenting the Latest Lyceum Theater success,
"T±IK HO3IE SKCRETAIIY."
Seats Heady Thursday.
Prlces-15c. 250, 35c. 50c, 75c.
rnOLAnni-R/jOTTLOD« <?• uiiti aws ri*ti44«i ■ • •
NOT ! SINOL..
A SKAT
UNOCCUPIED LAST NIGHT.
William H. Crane's Great Play,
BROTHER JOHN
As Presented by the
Frareloy Com-pany.
A QBE AT 810 MIT!
Monday Next— 'THE CHARITY BALL."
De JUille ami Belasco's Masterpiece.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Una. £.&NKh>Tisi£ JkßKLixn, Proprietor & .\laa*£itt
EVERY EVENING.
Of Dellinger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
I-iOPtPt-A-IISrE
"A STORY OP COURT AND CAMP."
An Operatic Triumph Equal to "Nanon"
or "Mikado." ,
STIRRING FINALES I
Beautiful Numbers! Superb Ensembles!
— —GREAT CAST
A Perfect Production iv Every Detail.
LOOK OUT FOR —
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON "
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROCCO. Sola Levee and Mjioatf*;
THIS EVENING AT FTr.HT.
INITIAL PRODUCTION IN THIS CITY —
Of Frank Harvey's Latest Success,
BROTHER IfIiWST BROTHER!
An Interestine Story of To-day,
Full of Action, Humor and Pathos.
Ivinino rnumi 25c anl Ma.
Family Circle and Oallerr. 10a
IToiml Ala^liieet !>»iunliiy and Similar.
O'Farrell Street, Between stocltton and Powll.
Week i'oimiKMK Monday, Juno nth,
A GKEAT R.LL OF NOVELTIES!
Edison's l.at.-st Wonder, The
VITASOOPE !
""Marvel of the 19th Century.
HAVES and POST, LMA lIKRZOO,
TH. MARIMBA PLAYERS.
24 ALL STAB ARTISTS »4
Reserved Seats. Joe; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box seats. 50c.
"MISS JERRY."
Alexander Back's Picture Play,
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-NIGHT AND THURSDAY NIGHT.
MISS DON M. CANN, VOCALIST.
PRICES-25C, sOc and 75c.
Reserved Seats at Sherman, Clay * Co.'a.
BEAUTIFUL SOU V EN 1 US FOR THE LADIES.
THE CHUTES!
only open Saturday and SUNDAY
AFTERNOONS AND I VFMN'.S until
completion of improvements.
Sunday, Balloon Ascension* Afternoon
and Evening by George Weaton.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(lngleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OB SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
Tafce Southern Pacltic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. w.
Fare for round trip, Including admission to graai
stand, «1. 'lako .Mission-street electric hue direoi
to track. .
A. B. SI'RECKEIA W. S. LKVK&
Frenident. Secretary-
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
GRAND PICNIC
i Of th» Bunker Hill Association and the
Sons of Vermont
! At .Glen Ellen, Wednesday. June 17,
Anniversary of the Battle of Bunker Hill.
Boat* leave Tiburon Ferry at 9 A. >!., returning
leave (Men hllen at 5 P. U.
Blum's Band will accompany the- excursionist*.
Tickets for round trip $1. Children under 12
years 50c. - For sale at the terry on ib« mornluf ot
the picnic. '
78
STRIKING HACKMEN HOPEFUL OF WINNING
% A Strong Stand Against
the Pacific Carriage
Company.
THEY WANT FULL WAGES
Claim to Have the Backing of
the Paying Cab-Riding
Public.
CARVILL WILL NOT YIELD.
The "Cabbies" Behave in an Orderly
Manner and Have Fun With
the "Scabs"
The trouble between O. S. Carvill, chief
owner of the Pacific Carriage Company,
and a score or so of his drivers who have
refused to go to wort under the new
schedule of wages, is still unsettled, and is
likely to remain so for some little time.
The seceders feel strong in their posi
tion, claiming to have the backing of the
better part of the company's patrons, who
have signed a petition asking that the
former stipend of f 1 50 per day be not re
duced to $1 25. They feel that although
they are not regularly organized into a
union they will get the individual support
of all members of unions, as well as that
of bunkers, merchants and nighthawks
who have occasion to use cabs.
The undertakers are standing in all
right with the "cabbies." They have all
signed the petition, and they wield a
heavy hand in such matters.
On the other side, Mr. Carvill of the
Pacific Carriage Company is not worrying,
so he says.
"There are thousands of young men in
this City who are anxious to work, and
will be glad to accept $1 '2o per day.
"Tins is the dull season and we must
retrench in our expenses. We have set a
scale of wages and if it i 3 not suitable we
do not expect the dissatisfied ones to
accept it."
So, from the say so of the two factions,
or rather the intimation conveyed, each
believes itself in the stronger camp. The
striking cabmen were very quiet, although.
they gathered about the entrance of the
company's stables on Eighth street from I
early morn to late :it night yesterday. I
They made no outbreak nor did they try
to intimidate the men who had taken
their places. All they did was to seek a
quiet interview with the applicants for
their positions and explain to them that
any man going to work for the company
would cause a hardship to fall upon some
other of his fellows.
These arguments proved effective in all
but six cases, and the company had much
difficulty in getting drivers for the hearses
they sent out to various funerals.
Seme of the strikers were having a good
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ninety-fifth day. Tuesday, June 9, i 896. Weather fine.
■Track good.
laugh when a Call reporter met them
during the afternoon on Eighth street.
They were amused over the discomfiture
of one of the new men.
"It was Frank Warren," one of the men
said. "We call him Scab Frank. He
went out with a coupe at 6 o'clock this
morning and at 2 o'clock this afternoon
another 'scab' had to be sent out to get
him to his station at Sutter and Kearny
streets. Franfc got gloriously loaded, and
the other driver has just driven him here
in the coupe ha took away. Frank is
asleep now in the harness- room."
"Tell him about Old Reed," spoke up
another "cabby."
Well, it seems that Old Reed also took
out a cab early in the morning, and at 1
o'clock in the afternoon he returned it and
his whip. Running the gamut in down
town streets where hackmen generally
congregate was too much for him and he
could not stand the jibes ol "the gang."
Hellman, an ex-undertaker from Oak
land, and Mike Callaghan, nicknamed
"Rat-trap" because he formerly peddled
those delusive instruments, are both driv
ing for the company, according to the
strikers. Both were seated on hearses
yesterday leading iheir respective Chinese
funerals.
The strike has affected none other than
the Pacific Carriage Company.
The strikers claim that the only business
the Pacific Company did yesterday was in
furnishing hearses, because they virtually
control them;jbut that in nearly every case
the undertakers ordered carriages from the
more liberal institutions.
The following was received at The Call
office yesterday:
San Francisco, June 9, 1896.
To the Morning Call: We, the 'undersigned,
extend our thanks to The Call for the favor
and sympathy extended to us in its colums in
regard to our cause, and shall be grateful for
any further favors you may do us. We remain
yours respectfully,
Striking Employes Pacific Carriage Co.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN
Interesting Letter to "The Call"
From Aylward, the Trainer
of Ziegler.
Probability of All the Eastern Racing
Cracks Coming Here in
the Fall.
A meeting of the presidents of the six
prominent cycling clubs of this City was
held Monday evening at the clubhouse of
the Bay City Wheelmen to discuss the
proposition of making the Central Park
track self-supporting. The clubs repre
sented were the OlymDic Cyclers, Olympic
Wheelmen, Imperial Cycling Club, Cali
fornia Cycling Club, San Francisco Road
Club and Bay City Wheelmen. Nothing
definite was decided upon, though it was
the sense of the meeting tbat a track and
training-grounds were necessary for the
riders of this City and that Central Park
was the most available place. Another
meeting will be held shortly to further
discuss the matter.
The Golden Gate Cycling CluD has
elected tue following new members: A.
IHK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
Weber, W. J. Black, R. G. Black and L. C.
Mershon. The club will elect officers at
its regular meeting next Tuesday evening.
The Acme Club's ten-mile road race will
be started at 11 a. m. next Sunday from
High street, Hay wards. It is the fourth
race of a series and a Jarge number of
riders have entered.
Harry Sherwood, president o f the Fresno
Athletic Club Wheelmen, is in the City on
a visit.
Itobert Mitchell, a popular local wheel
man, who took part in the Bay City
Wheelmen's and Olympic Cyclers' min
strel shows, will be tendered a benefit by
these two organizations and the Native
Sons. It will take place Wednesday even
ing, July 1, at Native Sous' Hall. Mr.
Mitchell recently met with a severe acci
dent, and his many friends have taken
this way of attesting their sympathy and
friendship. The entertainment will be
largely attended by the wheelmen.
Henry Meyer and Matt Lindsay left last
Friday a-wheel for the Yosemite Valley.
They "took a camping outfit with them and
will camp along the road and in the valley.
They will be absent about two weeks.
There will be a tnrce days' indoor cycle
raring tournament at Sacramento on July
23, 24 and 25, conducted by a Mr. Weiner
of that place. A track will be built in the
big Agricultural Pavilion. Many of the
riders from this City will compete.
Otto Ziefrler Jr., accompanied by Trainer
Aylward, joined the National racing cir
cuit at San Antonio, Tex. In a letter from
that place to the cycling editor of The
Call, dated June 2, Aylward says:
It will be a gala day for San Antonio on the
4th inst. Allot the stores and business places
will be closed, and the excitement over the
coming meet runs very high. Texas is simply
bicycle crazy.
The climate does not agree with us very well,
it is so hot. The thermometer registered 105
cleg, in the shade to-day at noon. We are tak
ing Very light work, riding only once a day. It
is good weather for speed, though, for a rider's
muscles are solt and quick.
The party from the coast will arrive Thurs
day afternoon. The track here is a half-mile
dirt course, seemingly yery fast, and is located
about two miles from town. All the riders on
the circuit now are in excellent condition, and
there can be no excuses on that score
Otto and myself are trying to get up a party
to visit the const after the racing season is
over. We already have Arthur Gardiner and
Trainer John West, Tom Cooper, Pat O'Connor,
the Irishman; Hailcy Uavidson, the Canadian
rider, while hanger of Milwaukee and Trainer
Dumoletou will go provided Walter is able to
sign with some big iirm.
There is a possibility of Morgan & Wright
sending its entire team to the coast for records
at the end of the season, and our hammer is
continually pounding to that end. Mr. Len
nie, their representative there, could help us a
good deal, for he knows the record season lasts
a great deal longer on the coast than else
where. Your paper could also aid us consider
ably in our efforts to have them send the team
out, and by so doing would start a great cyclim*
boom on the coast. M. &W. are an exception
ally liberal firm and they would do the sport
more good than any of the teams that have
gone for records out* there. Their team con
sists of eight riders, four trainers and a man
iigrT, and it would mean at least twenty men
in all were we to go for records. There would
be Ziegler, Gardiner, Cooper, Sanger, O'Connor
and several others, and with such stars as these
on the coast winter racing at Central Park and
i-an Jose, and the competition of these men
with Weils, Foster, Jones, Coulter, the Terrills
and other coast fliers, would do more to boom
the sport than anything else. There would
also be moro dates on the National circuit in
California if they had these men to follow it
from the start. You can appreciate this. I
think beyond all question these men will un
doubtedly be with you in the fall. Will keep
you posted on the outlook, and give you the
news of the circuit as we move along." Yours
as ever, R. P. aylward.
ff things turn ont as Aylward predicts
and these crackerjacks winter In California
it will create renewed interest in cycle
racing here and beyond question tneir
cominp here will attract many others.
John S. Johnson and trainer, Tom Kck,
will be in California in the fall and Eddie
Bald is also expected.
A joint run of the Olympic Club Wheel
men and the Reliance Club Wheelmen has
been arranged by Captains Fawcett and
Griffiths for next Sunday to Woodside,
San Mateo County. The Camera Club Cy
clists will go to Camp Taylor. The Bay
City Wheelmen will ride to Lake Pilarcitos
on June 21, under Captain Plummer.
To Seek for Gold.
The Bunker 111 Mining, Milling and Power
Company was yesterday incorporated by W. B.
McSherry, T. H. Carroll, G. W. O3born. G. W.
Osborn Jr., E. W. Burke, J. B. White and W. M.
Miller. The capital stock of the company is
$500,000, of which $375,075 has been paid In.
William li. McSherry oi Coulterville, Mariposa
County, is the , principal stockholder, he hav
ing paid in $375,000 for 150,000 shares of the
stock.
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleslde Track.
In races where the horses have no record »t the distance 10 be run the records at the next nearest
distnnre are given.
ADbrevlations— F., fast; Fa., fair: IT., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •.about.
COULDN`T STAND FOR ENDS
So the Ring Took Liberties With
Howard S and He Won
at 25 to i.
THE BOOKS BADLY SHAKEN UP.
Oakley Easily Disposed of a Field of
"Platers"— Olive Was a Warm
Choice.
As the end of the racing season draws
near some "good things" are being re
marked. A delicious bonbon was popped
in the two-year-old race yesterday. How
ard S, a son of the promising sire, imp.
Whistlejacket, was carded as a starter in
the two-year.old event. He won his last
race very handiiy, defeating among others
the good filly Dura. Yesterday the stable
put Enos, an obscure jockey, up, and the
ring took great liberties with the young
ster. Opening at 6 to 1 his odds went
back in the betting until 25 to 1 was pro
curable. This was the opportunity awaited
and those in on the "Know" began getting
aboard, forcing the price down to 8.
Third to Jerelderio and Dura swinging
into the stretch, he leisurely paraded to
the front and won cleverly by a length
from Dura. As though fortune smiled on
the venturous the 8 to 5 favorite Greyhurst,
with Piggott up, shied when the barrier
flew in the air and was left at the post.
It was a cleverly planned coup, for with
one of the prominent jockeys at the track
in the saddle the colt would have been one
of the choices.
The card was a long one, seven events
being run off, and the attendance was
large. Favorites captured four of the
purses.
Frank Phillips' brown horse Oakley was
among the fourteen starters in the open
ing race of the day over a mile. The field
was a most ordinary one, and on his best
performances it looked a "moral" for him.
Opening at 4 to 1 the money did not go in
on him until post time, when the books
rubbed to 2. H. Wilson waited until the
stretch was reached, when he let out a
wrap, and his mount won galloping by
two lengths in 1:44 Roadrunner, the
third choice, took the place from Little
Tough by half a length.
The Oakland stable's Last Chance found
rather easy game in the third event at
live and a half furlongs, going to the post
a9to 5 choice. Corriente, well backed at
a long price, flattered her admirers by
leading the field until within a furlong of
the wire, where she tired. The favorite
then took up the running and passed the
stand ever a length clear of Pollock, who
made a fine run from the rear and nipped
second money from Big Chief by a nose.
The clever Sacramento trainer, "Hang
ler" Jones, took another fall out of the
I ring with his gelding George Rose, one of
thirteen starters in the mile run that came
next. Backed from threes down to 13 to 5
he took the lead from Two Cheers when
squared away for the tape and won hand
ily by two fengths in I:43>£. The latter
horse, well played at 8 to 1, took second
place as handily from Flirtilla.
A heavy play on Mosier, the Spreckels
entry for the fifth race, a six-furlong run,
sent the gelding to the post a 4 to 5 chance.
Piggott seemed unable to get him to the
front, and La Flecha, against which the
tmoks laid 8 to 1, led from the jump and
won easily by five lengths, with El Carmen
finishing in the place.
Better success awaited the red, white
and blue in the next event also over six
furlones, decided under selling conditions.
The handsome Oliver ruled a hot 3 to 5
favorite and the result was never in doubt.
Getting away from the post second, she
made ail the running and with little to
spare at the best, led Nebuchadnezzer out
a length in I:lsJ^. Model ran a good
race, winding up in the show.
A fast lot of sprinters started in the
final race of the day, a five and a half fur
long scramble, with Hymn closing an 8 to
5 choice, backed down from 2£ to 1.
Montgomery, the second choice, who
seems to be improving with each succeed
ing race of Jate, cut out the pace from the
time Havey sent the field away, and
with nothing in reserve passed the "judges
a length and a half before the 25 to 1 shot
Charles A.
INGLESIDE'S LAST DAY.
The Great Long-Distance Handi
cap Will Mark the End of the
Racing- Season.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club is as
suredly worthy of compliment for the
grand programme prepared to mark the
closing down of the racing season at Ingle
side track this afternoon. The long meet
ing that has been such a nattering as well
as highly financial success for the new
racing organization will be ushered out
with a card that may aptly be termed^he
"sport of kings." Three handicaps will
call out the better class of stake horses,
while four other well-filled events give the
horses of the selling plater division ample
opportunity to enrich their respective
owners. This will be the best opportunity
afforded speculators of backing their
favorites until the reopening of the fall
racing season on October 1, and the at
tendance promises to nearly equal the big
crowd of the opening day.
The fact that it is not "ladies' day," as
customary in the past, will no doubt be
disappointing to many of the fair sex.
Notwithstanding this fact, they will un
doubtedly be well represented in the
grand stand.
The big two and a quarter mile handi
cap has excited great interest among
horsemen, and many wagers have already
been made that the world 'a record for the
distance will De shattered. Both Thorn
hill and Rey del Bandidos are under the
one trainer's charge, but it is to be hoped
that both will be sent out for the $500
stake. The association adds an additional
$500 if the record is lowered.
H. Martin pi.'oted four winners yester
day, and should have been closer up with
Warrago in the opening mile dash.
Pecksniff looked like "ready money"
until well into the stretch, when he
backed up and finished fourth.
Al StemJer looked like a defeated can
didate for Congress after the two-year-old
run. El Primero stable's very efficient
trainer is said to have placed $1000 on the
chances of' Greyhurst, only to have him
left at the post. No blame could possibly
attach to Starter Hayey, however, for the
grey youngster, standing perfectly straight
belore the start, wheeled and jumped
back as the barrier was raised. He always
was inclined to be a trifle rank.
"Hanger" Jones and his Sacramento
friends all wore a mo3t contented smi'e
after the victory of George Rose in the
fourth race. This is the second win within
two weeks of the Three Cheers gelding,
well backed on both occasions.
Jerome S came out of his race a trifle
lame, which no doubt accounts for him
not being up closer at the finish.
Tail Archibald tried all of the crack
jockeys on the black horse Charles A with
ill success. Yesterday he gave little Beau
champ the mount and the black horse at
odds of 20 to 1 finished a good second to
Montgomery. Had the distance been a
trifle lurther the result might have been
reversed.
Jockey Cairns is trying for reinstate
ment. The clever steeplechase rider was
suspended .some months back by Judge
.loe Murpliy for an alleged poor ride on
Tom Clarke, one of the most uncertain
jumpers on the coast. One breezy day at
the Bay District track the St. Louis clique
played Montalvo for a "killing" and
Cairns on Gold Dust, an outsider, went out
in front and won all the way, with the
"good thing" Montalvo second.
All of the other starters in the race were
"dead," including Judge Murphy's own
horse, Colonel Weightman, and he, at
that time officiating in the stand with
Joseph J. Burke, in the absence of C. E.
Trevathan, failed to notice the raw ride
put up by T. Murphy on the Colonel. Ever
after this incident Cairns stood in bad
repute with the St. Louis crowd, and when
he appeared at the new track was promptly
Bbelved, through the machinations, it is
claimed, of Andy Blakeley. Joe Murphy
came to California amid a blowing of
trumpets, but created a frost that still pre
vades the air of the local tracks.
If he !ia<l watched the curves and in
shoots that the St. Louis crowd and Jerry
Chorn put over the plate half as closely as
he noticed any little move of California
horsemen and jockeys, he would have
made himself much more popular. Hi 3
noted creation of the now celebrated
"silken cord" theory in connection with
(he rank pulling of Lizzie H by Jockey
Garner, even now causes a titter among
those familiar with the way the coin was
bet that day. Cairns has always borne a
good reputation, far better than the aver
age steeplechaser, and on this, the closing
day, the Ingleside judge could do no more
meritorious act than sign the boy's rein
statement.
DILHAN AND DENNAN.
Two Applications for Divorce, and Nar
ratives of Cruelty.
Joseph Dilhan, through his lawyer,
Martin Stevens, has brought suit in the
Superior Court to obtain a divorce from
his wife, Grace A. Dilhan. According to
the papers in the case, the defendant is an
energetic and aggressive Individual, with
a tendency toward the infliction of mental
cruelty. It is asserted that during the
months of April, May and June, 1895, she
was particularly restless and on one oc
casion struck the plaintiff with her
clenched fist, and as for language s!ie used
the kind that would bring a blush to the
Barbary Coast.
In 1894 Dilhan kept a riding academy in
Portland, Oregon, and among the patrons
and patronesses of the academy were ladies
and gentlemen who, it is alleged, were
frequently disturbed and eometimes in
sulted by the breezy conduct of the de
fendant.
The defendent, so the document states,
is possessed of an ungovernable temper
and a jealous disposition. Dilhan there
fore asks for a decree on the grounds of
cruelty.
James F. Dennan, a police officer on the
regular force, has begun proceedings in
the Superior Court to get a divorce from
Maggie Dennan. The wedding took place
in January of this year. Among some of
the grounds which the plaintiff mentions
are cruelty, infidelity and intoxication.
Andrew ltuddell, John Doe Wallace and
John Doe Lynch are mentioned as asso
ciates of the defendant. The complaint
alleges that she consorts with low and vile
company of both sexes.
Beaten by Women.
Three women, a man and a boy fell upon
John Summers, a grocer, on Brady street, Mon
day nieht, and scratched and beat him. They
were Mrs. Maggie Myrtle, Mrs. Bridget Ken
nah, Mrs. Mary Hopue, J. M. Ilogue and
Thomas Hogue, his son. Summers swore out
warrants for their arrest yesterday, and they
were all arrested last night, but released
on bail.
The World's O
Best Natural Aperient Water X
25 Years 1 Success in the U. S. 5
Highest Reputation all Over the World X
CAUTION: None genuine without the signature of X
the firm "Andreas Saxlehner," on the label A
REGENTS NOT TO
TAX STUDENTS
Wilmerding School Site
Deferred Until Next
November.
THE GOVERNOR'S MISHAP
He Asked for a Little Delay
and a Full Measure Was
Granted.
THE AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
Judge Wallace Gives Notice That He
Will Move to Reinstate Pro
fessor Bonnell.
While fishing In one of the mountain
streams of the Yosemite region, Governor
Badd slipped and, in a very unstatesman
lilte manner, fell on a rock. He was
slightly disabled by the accident and tele
phoned a request that the Board of Re
gents defer action on the selection of a site
for the Wilmerdintf School -until he was
able to attend. The regents heard the
news and listened to the request at the
meeting yesterday forenoon. Not know
ing the extent of the lovernor'a injuries,
but assuming that he ought to have plenty
of time to recover, the regents postponed
the subject until next November.
It was considered that several members
of the board had gone to Europe, that
others were going away on summer vaca
tions, and tnat there would be a lively
political campaign this fall, to say nothing
of other diverting influences, so the first
meeting in November after the Presiden
tial election was hit upan as the right
time to select a site.
The regents present when the decision
was reached were Messrs. Phelps, Halli
die, Denicke, Wallace, Kellogg, Chase,
Marye and John E. Budd. They were
subsequently re-enforced by Messrs. Mil
ler, Reinstein, Rowell, Jeter, Martin, Slack
and Foote.
Citizens of Berkeley residing near the
university desire permission to cross the
college erounds in vehicles, and so peti
tioned for an opening to be made in the
north side of the grounds. The request
was referred to the proper committee.
The finance committee reported in favor
of lending $50,000 to James B. Lanke
srim, taking as security a mortgage on
building and property on the southeast
corner of Third and Spring streets, .Los
Angeles, valued at considerable over
$100,000.
Regent Hallidie wanted a test case made
of the refusal of the Printer to do
university printing. He suggested that
the work should be sent to the Sacramento
printing office.
Regent Phelps explained that one of the
many State boards threw in during one
year printing that cost the State $17,000,
hence the Legislature passed an act requir
ing State boards to pay for printing from
their respective appropriations.
In order that the regents should not be
taken by surprise Regent Wallace gave
notice that at the next meeting he would
move to displace Professor Flagg and put
in Professor Bonnell. The regent re
marked that Mr. Bonnell was once regard
ed as the ideal professor. Many eminent
men ha*d borne witness to his excellence as
a teacher, and among them was Judge
Winans. The regent then referred to some
past history involving the resignation or
retirement of Professor Bonneii. It was
said in whispers, "Oh, don't look into the
charges; for the credit of the university
don't inquire about it." But the case,
said Judge Wallace, was looked into, and
the charge vanished like smoke. It was
all vapor.
Continuing, Judge Wallace said:
"Flagg, when poor and friendless, was
taken to Professor Bonnell's home, and
the fact has now come to light that the
movement to displace Bonnell was Flagg's
work. I propose now, as an act of justice,
that Flagg shall bo turned out and Bon
nell put in his place."
Regent* Marye regretted that the case
should be reopened.
Regent Martin indicated that he did not
want the question renewed.
The proposition to tax students $10 a
term for incidentals theu came up.
Speeches in support of the measure were
made by Regents Hallidie, Miller, Martin.
Marye and Phe'ps. Opposing remarks
were made by Regents Wallace, Foote and
John E. Budd.
Wi A en the roll was called the regents
voting for the tax were: Denicke, Kel
logg, Hallidie, Martin, Marye, Miller,
Phelps— 7.
The dissenting regents were: Jeter,
Chase, Budd, Foote, Reinstein, Rowell,
Slack and Wallace— B.
Regent Reinstein urged that some steps
be taken to award a contract for work on
the Affiliated Colleges before June 30, in
order to prevent the lapse of half the ap
propriation to the State treasury.
Inquiry disclosed the fact that the plans
have not been returned from Sacramento.
Before any work can be done the plans
must be approved by the Governor, Secre
tary of State and Treasurer.
Several motions were discussed. One
contemplated a reference of the subject to
the committee on building and grounds
with authority to advertise for bids aa
soon aa the plans should be returned.
Judge Wallace still adhered to an opin
ion previously expressed, that the regents
were not governed by the State law bear
ing on the construction of building?. He
remarked that the Attorney-General had
been asked for an opinion on the subject.
The regents finally decided to meet
again Tuesday, two weeks hence.
Six Months in Jail.
James Edwards, the ex-messenger boy, who
was arrested in the Carrolton House, 120(5
Market street, Monday morning for breaking
into the room of E. Martinez, appeared before
Judge Cflmpbell yesterday morning. He
pleaded guilty to petty larceny, and was sen
tenced to six months in the County Jail His
companion, who slipped down the cable of the
ban Francisco Telegraph Company and es
caped, has not yet been captured:
NEW TO-DAT.
' FOR
Staying Power
Strength for
Exertion
Yale, Cornell, the University of
Pennsylvania, etc., depend upontne
great African tonic-stimulant
Vino-Kolafra
In cases of Tardy Convalescence,
Debility, Muscular Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Anaemia, Nervous
Dyspepsia, functional Heart Affec-
tions, Melancholia, Asthma, and the
coldness and feebleness of Age, this
! preparation has proved itself to be a
' tonic, invigorant, vitalizer and
strengthener of the highest efficacy,
and adapted for the use of
T-nir^ 14HC of any age .-,
111 V dllU-O or condition.
Its action Is pervading and sustaining, and
followed by no bad effect. Giving strength
to the strong it gives greater proportion-
ate strength to the weak.
Sold by Druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
- Johnson 4 Johnson, Selling Agents.
92 William St., New York.
TZ^I jfffei&nffizriasa)'
I 22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
I PRIESTLY'S I
I BLACK I
I GOODS. I
M Being the depot for Priestly 's Cele- I
P brated Black Dress Goods, our patrons 1
» are always assured of reliable fabrics. M
H as well as the most recent designs and I
I JUST RECEIVED. I
JUST RECEIVED.
B PRIESTLY'S FANCIES $1.00 Yard I
M PRIESTLY'S FANCIES $1 .25 Yard I
« PRIESTLY'S FANCIES..... .50 Yard I
§ PRIESTLY'S FANCIES C 1.75 Yard I
I PRIESTLY'S FANCIES. . $2.00 Yard 1
I Goods sent C. O. D. ■
I Samples forwarded. ij
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY. I
UP-TO-OATE BICYCLES.
Crawford -:• " Unsurpassed,"
$40, $50, $60, $75.
Phoenix "Stands the Racket"
SIOO.
The guarantee of the Crawford same as that
given with $100 wheels.
EDWIN MOHRIC, Agent,
1510 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
■
.
.
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly: Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
§J W 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECIALTY-DISMASES OF MEN, INCLUI)-
ins nil forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience.
Book sent free. Putients cured at Home. Term*
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8-30
evenlncs. Sundays, io to 12. Consultation freeand
sacredly confidential. Call or address U "" BCAUU
P. BOSCOE McXUWT, M. !>.,
, 26?$ Kearny Street, San Francisco, Cat.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON 8T9.-RE-
modeled and renovated. .KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. Sooms 6dc to *1 60 per day, S3
to 98 per wee!, $3 to 830 per month: free baths:
hot and cold water every room: tire grates la
every room: elevator runa all night.
£11111 BF OPIUM
The pnr« essential extract from the native dm*. . Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without !ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach ;
no Tomlt.ng ; no costlvcness ; no headache. All Druggists.
■ . — — — ■
Weak Men and Women
QHOUIiD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, TH«
O great Mexican Kemeily; glvea UealU »*4
Btreugili to th« tiexual Organ*THEY WILL CLUB
FOR TWO OBJECTS
To Boom Athletics and Make
Britishers Ameri
cans.
ST. GEORGE'S ONCE MORE
Will Be Incorporated on the
Lines of the Manhattan
Athletic.
W. GREEK HARRISON PRESIDENT
A Handscme and Elegantly Furnished
Building to Bj Erected on
Mason Street.
To-night San Francisco will have in
corporated an atnletic club organized on
the same lines as the Manhattan Athletic
Club of Kew York City. This will be
known as the St. George's Club, and it is,
in fact, a revival of the old club organiza
tion, the Sons of St. Georre.
It is reorganized as an independent
popular club and incorporated under the
laws of the State of California. It is the
intention to make the club the head
quarters of the British residents of the
!?tate, with dues so low and the conditions
of membership so broad that there will be
no valid reason why all British residents
should not become members.
The club was 'originally organized by
.Ldvard Oliver, who acts as secretary,
manaaer and director and holds the high
est office of the Sons of St. George in the
world.
The first object of the club is to make
all the members good Americans, and in
duce those who have recently arrived in
this country to become citizens. The pres
ent administration is vested in the follow
ing board of directors: Edward Oliver,
secretary: Thomas Ward, treasurer; '
George B. Roswell. J. E. Orbell, T. D.
Brandon, H. W. Button, Dr. Nat T. Coul
son, Henry G. Jackson, T. Musgrave,
Wiiliam Holt, A. J. Sparrow, Herbert
Jones, W. J. Field, J. B. Brown aiid A.
Turnbull.
The incorporators of the present organi- j
nation are Edward Oliver, T. D. .Brandon, !
W. J. Field, T. W, Butcher, W. Witts, j
William R. Jack, A. Turnbul), William j
Greer Harrison (president), W. \V. Bolton !
(honorary chaplain), and Percy Beamish |
and William Doxey, vice-presidents. ;
Other officers will be decided upon and j
elected to-night.
The club intends erecting a fine build- j
ing on the 10l where the present quarters ]
are located, on Mason street. A large ath- j
letic room containing all of the best equip- j
mentswlil be a specinl feature, and besides
this there will be billiard and recreation
rooms.
The highest grade of athletic sports will
be furnished by tbe club for the enjoyment
of the tuembCi's. Joe Acton has been en- j
paged as wrestling teacher and J. B. Rae |
Brown will arrange for all matches and i
entertainments.
The club is already on a paying basis, j
Tne necessary funds for fitting up have
been raised by the sales of tne shares of
stock, of which nearly 0000 have been sold,
and the balance of the money expended
has been derived from profits already
made.
The club is incorporated, with a capital
Etock of $100,000 divided into ICO, OOO
shares of the par value of $1 per share.
The dues of all the members, except hon
orary, are $3 per year, but each member
nm<t also be the owner of at least one
share of stock.
The most popular form of government
that could be devised has been adopted.
The club is managed entirely by the mem
bers themselves, all the business being
transacted at open meetings, which are
held semi-monihly.
It is expected that the present member
ship of 300 will be increased by the end of
the year to 1000 members.
The club will virtually play the part of
a reception committee to Britishers who
Lave just landed in California, and will
inform them as to the most desirable loca
tions to invest their money and make
homes. The directors are especially em-;
phatie on two propositions — first, the i
making of Britishers into Americans; j
second, the promotion of all manly athletic j
sports. The social contingent is not for
gotten, and ranks with the two above
named features.
The new clubhouse will not only be an
ornament to the City, but will contain all
that the heart of a clubman could aesire.
Mr. Harrison has taken a great interest in
the welfare of the club, and through his
instrumentality literature will undoubt
edly be forced to the front along with
athletics.
To-night occurs the election of per
manent officers, and from to-night the
St. George's Club will be known as one of
San Francisco's permanent features.
EX- FIREMEN`S OFFICERS.
Tbe Organization Will Incorporate and
Become a Permanent Society.
The Ex-Firemen's Association of the
San Francisco Fire Department held a
meeting last night at Academy Hall, 927
Mission street, at which the following
officers were elected :
James VVaTd, president; Georgo Smith, vice
president; Lawrence Dnnn, second vice
president; Victor Dcmartini, recording secre
tary; William Hopkins, financial secretary;
S. Tiederman, corresponding secretary; Wil
liam Casey, treasurer; A. A. Friedlander, at
torney for association: executive committee —
\V. H. Casey, Felix Dugan, Bat. Hendricks,
P. Donnelly, William Tannian, John McCau
ley, P. Sullivan, William H. Brown; James
Lii egar; investigating committee— R. E. Con
nors, James Finn, William Bridgewood, Louis
Holtz and Jemes Buchanan.
A bail will be given on June 13 at B'nai
B'rith Hall, out of the proceeds of which
it i 3 expected sufficient funds will be
realized for the incorporation of the organ
ization as a mutual and protective society.
The following members have been ap
pointed as committees to take charge of
the ball:
Floor manager, M. Lowenfeld; asuistants—
W. H. Brown, J. Tiederman, A. A. Friedlander,
C. Kenealy and L. Dunn Jr.
Committee of arrangements— W. Casey, W.
Hopkins, Vie de Martini and Joe Ward.
Reception committee— J.Buchanan, George
>,". Brellgovern, L. Fenstenseler, J. McCarthy,
W. Cronin, L. Dunn Sr., Jeff Mantenelle.
James Finn, John U. Eagan, P. W. Sullivan
and W. Winthrop,
A Big Damage Suit.
Philip Hanley has sued the California Bridge
and Construction Comjjany for $50,000 dam
ages, for injuries sustained by reason of the
caving-in of a tunnel In course of construc
tion by the defendants at Bakers Beach.
For the Kailroad.
The Jury in the case of Robert Carter, who
Bued the Market-street Railway Company for
damages for injuries received on one of its
cars, found for the defendant yesterday in
Judge Hunt's coart.
Piles! Piles! Mac's Infallible Pile Cure.
Curea all cases of blind, bleeding, itching
and protruding piles. Price 50c. A. Mcßoyle
<t Co., druggists, 504 Washington street. •
fhe President and Two Directors of the St. George's Club, to Be Incorporated To-Night. It Is
Expected That This Organization Will Number One Thousand British Members Within a Year.
THEY SPENT TOO
MUCH MONEY
City Offices That Have
Overdrawn Their
Accounts.
THE LAW DISREGARDED.
Health Department Has Over
run Its Limit on Three
Appropriations.
THE GAS BILL IS SHORT.
Auditor Broderick Thinks There Is
Money Enough, but It Will Have
to Be Redistributed.
Six of the seventy-one separate funds in 1
i the general fund of the City and County j
! created by tbe appropriation ordinance at ;
'■ tne beginning of the fiscal year are at the i
I beginning of this, the last month of the
! year, already overdrawn. The street-light
j ing fund is in such condition that the
! Supervisors have given warning to the
i gas and electric light companies to dis- j
I continue their services to the City after the j
j 15th of the present month. This means
I nothing less than that the great City of
1 San Francisco will present to the country
j the humiliating spectacle of unlighted
treets for two weeks with no better ex-
I cuse to offer to the curious stranger than
j that she is unable to pay her gas bill.
ust why the appropriation should have
run short on an amount so easily reckoned
and provided against as the gas bill is not
I easily understood. Auditor Broderick
I says it is a case of "doing politics" in the
! outer wards. "New lights," he says, "are
put up at the demand of every corner gro
cery in districts where a dozen men do
not pass during the entire night. Electric j
1 ights are put up at street crossings where |
they throw, say, 500-candle-power down
the four ways of the two streets, and the
City is charged with 2000 candle-power.
That's what's the m.itter with the street
lighting account, in my opinion," he says.
Three of the six appropriations that
have overrun are those of the Health De
partment. The Health Department ex
penses fund, for which an appropriation
was made of $29,900, is now overrun $653 60.
The Health Department jails and prisons
fund, for which an appropriation was
made of $1500, is overrun $36 10. The
Health Department quarantine fund, for
which an appropriation of $6800 was made,
is overdrawn 5427 49.
Of all the departments provided for in
the general fund this is in the worst con
dition. The Health Department fund is
divided into four funds— Health Depart
ment expenses, smallpox, jails and prisons,
! and quarantine. The only one of these
! that is not overdrawn already is the small
' pox fund.
It originally amounted to $4400. It has
i been drawn upon to the amount of $2560 35,
and has therefore to its credit in the treas
ury $1839 65.
The separate integrity of each of these
funds must be maintained. That is to
say, no one of them may be drawn upon
for the needs of the other. Furthermore,
under the specific language of Bection 2 of
the order, the funds must be divided into
twelve parts, and no greater sum than one
of these parts shall be used in any one
month. That stipulation is made to re
strain any tendency to prodigality and so
that the money shall last through tbe
year— to provide against feasting one
month and a famine the next.
In six cases referred to this section of
the order has been violated, including the
street lighting. In a seventh instance —
reporter's expenses in criminal cases — the
I appropriation has been overrun already to
' the sum of $4033 87, but as this is done
under an order of the court, it is excepted
from direct violation of the order.
The other two violations are compara
tively trifling. They are in the contingent
expenses of the City and County Attor
ney,© verrun $9 95, the fund being originally
$500; printing the municipal report, over
run $461 78, the fund originally being $7500.
Of all of these as stated, that of the
public health is the only department of
the Government provided for in the gen
eral fund that is overdrawn in its finances.
According to the one-twelfth provision of.
the order requiring expenditures for every
month to be kept within one-twelfth of
the total appropriation there should be
$1500 in the Health Department ex
penses fund, instead of betas $653 60 over
drawn; there should be $390 in the quar
antine fund instead of its being $427 over
drawn, and there should be twice as much
in the jails prisons fund as it now
stands overdrawn.
This is the time of year when the City's
bookkeepers and financiers are kept
hustling in their endeavor to make both
ends meet. This time last year con
tractors were refusing to supply provisions
to the City's institutions, its jails and hos
pitals, and this same device was mooted
of shutting off the gas and electric lights
in the streets for the saving of as much
money as that would mean.
Auditor Broderick says he does not
think any such trouble will arise this year
in the matter of provisions. Further, he
thinks the way out of any trouble in meet
ing all obligations this year is very sim
ple, and that is in this last month to
break down the barrier between the sev
eral funds. Section 4of the appropriation
order makes it unlawful for the Auditor
to audit any bills drawn upon any of the
funds in excess of the appropriation made
for that fund.
Yesterday he began to "hang up" war
rants drawn in such excess.
There are a number of the funds which
will not be entirely expended. The excess
remaining to their credit, be thinks, will
meet the amount of tbe deficiency in those
that are overdrawn. The repeal of section
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
4 would give him a permit to audit the de
ficiency bills, the money beins taken from
the surplus of other funds. I3y this easy
method he says all bills may be met. But
until section 4 is repealed the warrants
drawn upon the exhausted appropriations
will not be honored.
FOR TOLERANCE.
3/embers of the American Women's
Liberal League Out With a Declara-
tion of New Principles.
At a meeting of tbe executive committee
of the American Women's Liberal Leacue
held yesterday afternoon at their head
quarters, rooms 20 and 21, Nucleus build
ing, the following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
Whereas. The people of California approve
the principle of freedom of thought and reli
gious belief which has been secured to us at
the cost of millions of livesduring a long series
of struggles, and the constitution of . Cali
fornia provides that "the free exercise and en
ioymeutof religious profession and worship,
without discrimination or preference, shall
forever be guaranteed in this State," all are
agreed that it is with wisdom provided in
the constitution of the United States that
"no religious test shall ever be required
as a qualification to any office or pub
lic trust under the United States 1 '; and
whereas, the people o! California repudiate
the importation from Canada and Europe of
an offensive idea that rersons should be
banded together for the purpose of overthrow
ing the wise provisions of our American con
stitution, ana for tne further purpose of deny
ing to others because of their religious belief
the sacred rights of citizenship and oppor
tunity to live by labor, which' all should
possess as freely as the right to think; and
whereas, only & few citizens know that the
foreign idea embodied in the oath of the
American Protective Association requires its
members to proscribe law-abiding citizens be
cause of their religious belief from political
rislns, and that the members of said associa
tion swear to curtail tne riirhts and
privileges of citizens of the Nation, not only in
politics, but in their opportunities to exist by
their honest toil because of the same reason;
and whereas, the president of|said A. P. A. has
publicly proclaimed that the members of that
organization voluntarily renounce the right of
private judgment as to the qualifications of
candidates lor public office when tney become
a member oi that order; therefore, now be it
Resolved, That we, the member! of the Ameri
can Women's Liberal League, organized to up
hold and maintain religious freedom, puDlicly
announce their purpose to defeat every man,
organization or political measure who or
which are grounded in intolerance, bigotry
and injustice.
Resolved, further, That we publicly warn all
those who openly or secretly affiliate with the
said un-American association that seeks to
arouse religious contention and to proscribe
American citizens because of their religious
belief that we will us-e every lawful means in
our power to defeat such persons and such in
famous par;»
Resolved, further. That we hereby request all
Americans to aid us in our work for the peace
ful and lawful exercise of religions convictions
and in our efforts for liberality, tolerance and
justice.
Resolved, further, That we invite all women,
without regard to creed, to become members of
this league. Uelen K. Winte, Secretary.
SACRAMENTO MAY PAY.
The Supreme Court Decides That
City Bonds Must Be
Redeemed.
Interest on Overdue Securities, From
the Date of Maturity, Mnst
Also Be Settled.
Tbe Supreme Court has decided that the
city of Sacramento must pay the principal
on its overdue bonds, with interest there
on, from the date of maturity.
Vv". S. Kendal made application for a
writ of mandate to compel James M. Por
ter, Treasurer of the city of Sacramento,
to pay him principal and interest on bonds
in his possession. A demurrer to the peti
tion was sustained by the trial court and
judgment entered against the plaintiff.
The decision of tbe Supreme Court is:
Section 37 of the net of April 25, 1858, au
thorizes the city of Sacramento to issue bonds,
not exceeding the sum of $l,UO().OOt>, bearing
interest at the rate of (J per cent per annum
from the first day of January, 1859, and pay
able at the office of the Treasurer. • * • The
interest on said bonds shall be payable at the
office of the Treasurer on the firstday of Janu
ary of each year. • • • Section 38 provides:
The annual interest and principal of all bonds
issued for claims against said city shall be paid
from the interest and sinking fund provided
for oy this act.
Thus it is specifically declared that the bonds
shall bear interest; that the Interest shall be
payable annually from the date of their issu
ance, and that the interest shall be made a
charge upon and payable out of a tnnd created
by and designated in the act. There is no sug
gestion or intimation that the interest is to
cease upon the maturity of the bond, and it is
a rule, general nnd well established, that in
terest-bearing coupon bonds continue to bear
Interest after their maturity. • • • This is
but the application of the general statutory
rule allowing interest for the detention of
money due, and there can be discerned in this
no hardship upon the city.
The Treasurer is specially charged with the
duty of paying the interest. If ho can make a
valid and sufficient showing why that interest
ghould not be paid he may make it in his re
turn, but • • • as it is made the explicit
duty of the Treasurer to pay the interest upon
these bonds as it becomes due, mandamus may
be employed to compel him to perform that
duty.
It follows, therefore, that the demurrer was
improperly sustained. The judgment is re
versed and the cause remanded, wtth direc
tions to the trial court to overrule the de
murrer to the petition with leave to the Treas
urer to make his answer or return thereto.
The decision 19 signed by Justices Hen
shaw, Temple, Harrison and Garoutte.
Justices McFarland and Van Fleet file a
dissenting opinion which says:
The rights of the appellant are not those of a
general creditor, and he could not recover
upon his bonds a judgment against the city
for a single dollar. The bonds were accepted
under a statute which provides that the city
"shall not be sued in any action whatever."
• • We think that in tbe case at bar the major
ity opinion treats this proceeding as an action
against the city by a general creditor, to re
cover Judgment for interest on overdue bonds.
In that view, however, appellant could not re
cover either the principal or interest of his
bonds, for both would be barred by the statute
of limitations.
la She Insane?
Mrs. Katie Connelly, wife of Dr. T. E. Con
nelly of 1420 Howard street, was arrested last
night and taken to the Receiving Hospital to
await her examination before the Insanity
Commissioners. She was at t.he house of her
mother, Mr*. O'Connor of 1101 Bryant street.
Mrs. Connelly charged her husband with cru
elty. She had him arrested on Saturday for
turning the garden hose on her because she
wanted to see her four children. Dr. Connelly
says his wife is crazy, neglected her children
and was almost constantly in her mother's
house.
PLANNING FOR A
BRITISH HOSPITAL
Benevolent Society Has
Money and Is After
a Site.
NO LACK OF PATIENTS.
The Consulate Alone Spends $300
a Month on Marine
Cases.
LONG UNUSED VICTORIA FUND.
Might Locate on Rincon Hill— The So
ciety's New Members— A Brit
ish Headquarters.
The British Benevolent Society of Cali
fornia thinks that a British hospital can
be maintained in this City.
At the monthly meeting of the society
held yesterday afternoon at 604 Merchant
street the proposition was thoroughly dis
cussed and a committee of five, consisting
of business men and physicians, was ap
pointed to collect all necessary data rela
tive to financial prospects, expenses and a
location for the buildings.
The several members who submitted the
idea presented some very plausible figures
in support of it.
Years ago there was talk of the society's
building a hospital to care for its cases,
but an investigating committee reported
that only about a half dozen Bick British
ers requiring hospital treatment came to
this port in a year, so the matter was
dropped.
Now, however, according to the Rev. W.
W. Bolton, who is honorary secretary of
the society and who was yesterday' made
honorary chaplain, the prospects for a
British hospital are very encouraging. In
the last six months the British Consulate
has paid out $1300 for marine hospital
cases at this port, or an average of $300 a
month. This doe; not include private
British patients nor resident Britishers
sent to hospitals by local British doctors;
nor does it include any of the society's
own hospital cases.
In addition to these standard sources for
patients every British doctor would be re
lied upon to send his surgical cases to the
British hospital, and the regular staff
physicians would do likewise. Nor would
Britishers alone be the only patrons any
more than the French and tne Germans
are the only patients respectively at the
French and German hospitals in this City.
So the society thinks scarcity of patients
would not be one of the drawbacks to the
undertaking.
The society has a fund of its own
amounting to $3000, which can be used for
any purpose desired. In addition to this
it holds in trust $3600 as half of a fund
established many years ngo as a nucleus
for a British or a Victoria hospital. The
St. Andrew's Society is in charge of the
other half. These amounts form the avail
able resources.
On the corner of First and Harrison
streets, up on the summit of Rincon Hill,
and commanding a good view of the City,
is the old McAllister place, on which there
are a large house and several cottages.
Die property is for sale at $5000. The so
ciety believes the place is not unsuited for
the location of a hospital. St. Mary's
Hospital is situated in the immediate
neighborhood.
Fourteen new members were elected into
the society at yesterday's meeting, the
total membership now being 120. Each of
these pays $1 a month dues to support the
work of the institution.
During the month of May 485 cases were
investigated and acted upon, at a cost of
$130 80, for family supplies, medical at
tendance, traveling expenses and other
things. Of those aided 172 were new cases,
all men but one.
The treasurer's report Bhowed that
$1262 95 bad been received during May,
$1096 90 of this amount being a legacy
from the late J. H. Dobmson. A balance
of $1062 95 remained on hand.
The secretary's report indicated an office
balance of $157 70, after $187 70 had been
paid out for charity cases and office ex
penses.
It was unanimously voted that the so
ciety join the Associated Charities in order
to secure its valuable assistance in the
work of investigating cases applying
for aid. ■*
Another matter of importance that
created a good deal of favorable discussion
was the practicability of having a general
British headquarters in this City where
both the British Benevolent Society and
the recently organized St. George's Club
might have rooms under the same roof.
A committee of five was appointed on
literary exercises and social recreation,
the suggestion being that a banquet be
held every three months to encourage
British fellowship and to. increase the
membership of the Benevolent Society.
Wheeled to San Jose.
As an Instance of the increasing popularity
of social wheeling trips is to be recorded one
made yesterday to San Jose. A merry party
from this City left Alameda at 9 a. m., and,
although it halted at every wayside inn,
reached the Garden City by 2 o'clock. The
friends returned on the cars. They were:
Louis Deprat, Miss Etta Allen, Miss Alice
Allen, Mrs. Rome Harris, Billy Driscoll, Rome
Harris and Mike Lynch.
"When Baby was sick, we gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
Vyhen she became Miss, she clung to Castoria,
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
NEITHER SUICIDE
NOR FOUL PLAY.
Miss Mayne Worrall's
Death Was Due to Nat
ural Causes.
NO TRACE OF POISON.
The Result of Dr. Morgan's
Analysis of the Woman's
Stomach.
FUNERAL OF THE DECEASED.
Public Administrator Freese Will
Assume Charge of the Dead
Girl's Effects.
The sudden death of Miss Mayne' Wor
rall, the wealthy and bright young
English woman, last Saturday in her rooms
at the Palaca Hotel, has still some ele
ments of mystery around it.
The criminal element, either suicide or
murder, has been eliminated, however, by
the chemical analysis of the woman's
stomach, which was completed yesterday
by Dr. Charles Morgan.
He has reported back to the Coroner
that all the tests, some twenty odd in
number that he has made, have failed to
reveal the slightest trace of poisonous
residue.
Under the circumstances, both Coroner
Hawkins and Dr. Morgan agree with Dr.
Whitney, who was first in attendance
upon Miss Worrall when she was taken
sick, and Dr. Nathan who conducted the
autopsy, that death must have resulted
from a spasm of the heart.
It is this sudden attack of spasm of the
heart in a girl who gave every indication
of being in perfect health that is mysteri
ons. To her most intimate acquaintances
made on shipboard Miss Morrall told how
she had never had a pain or an acne in
her life. She was the only one on the
vessel who never even had a moment's
seasickness, and the autopsy revealed that
she was in perfect condition even to her
heart.
The unfortunate woman was buried yes
terday from Porter <fc Co.'s undertaking
parlors in the Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
But one carriage followed the hearse, the
deceased having no friends here excepting
James Herrmann, a fellow-passenger dn
the stearntr, and Attorney Brandenstein,
he- business agent, Rev. Dr. Walk of
Trinity Church, who attended to the
religious ceremony, making the third
mourner to accompany the remains to
their place of rest.
The Daughters of St. George, Britannia
Lodge No. 7, attended the funeral services
in a body and their floral offerings helped
to give the plain casket the acpearance
that some friends had been left behind by
tbe deceased.
There was also a small floral tribute
from Ada Rehaiii the actress. The latter
never had a personal acquaintanceship
with Miss Worrail, but her sympathetic
heart went out to the dead girl so sud
denly cut off from life. They lived in the
same hotel, and what was more the news
papers had published that on the evening
prior to her death Miss Worrall had at
tended a performance and had been highly
pieased at Miss Rehan's clever acting.
"Father." in blue flowers on an im
mense piiiow of white roses, was the offer
ing of the girl's invalid parent 60C0 miles
away. It was placed at the foot of the
casket at the suggestion of his financial
agent in this City.
At the conclusion of the Episcopalian
service by the Rev. Dr. Walk, "Nearer, My
God, to Thee" was sung by tbe Daughters
of St. George. Among them were: Mrs.
Elizabeth Trewin, W. G. D. D.; Mrs. J. B.
Staples, president; Mrs. D. K. Farr, Mrs.
S. Winterbottom, S. Andrews, Mrs. M. H.
Williams and Mrs. B. Meadows.
S. K.oenisbur<r, James Hermann and
Mrs. Ernest Williams were the only rep
resentatives of tne steamer people who
traveled with th« dead pirl. All the
others, it is said, "have continued on their
journey eastward.
The natives of Africa gorged themselves
with watermelons as early as 2500 b. c. The
fruit grows wild all over the country.
\^\ kew TO-DAY:
Every .
body
! s E
E A
P
. PAY
attention to our weekly Drive in Fine
Shoes
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
If you don't you don't know what you're
missing. Come and see the crowds that
daily throng our store. They wouldn't be
there if there wasn't money in it for them.
Men's Tan ana .Russet Bais and Congress,
regular price S3 60 and $3. This week
0n1y.... ' -— ■ ...SI. 85
Men's Satin Calf Congress and Kills, regu-
lar price $2 50. .This week only 91. 50
Ladies' Fine Tan Oxfords, band turned,
regular price S2 50. This week only 81.45
Infants' Tan Button, sizes 2 to 6, turned ,
soles, regular price 75c. This week only. 500
Child's Tun Button, hand turned, tipped,
spring heel, sizes 3 to 7, regular price
1 25. This week 0nty... ...;..... 65c
Child's Tan Kid Eutton, tipped, stoat soles,
spring heels, sizes 5 to 10%. This
. week only '.......... .........81.15
; Misses' sizes, 11 to 2, same as above. This
week 0n1y...... 91.
Can't pay charges to country on
"Drives." . .
Headquarters for Buckingham & Hecht's
Fine Shoes. Send for catalogue ; mailed free.
Kast's
738-740 Market Street.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington..... $10 00 ....
eoutnfleld 950 ....
Genuine Coos Bay 6 60-Half ton. 860
Seattle....... 8 00-Haif ton, 00
Bryant 700— Half ton, 00
; Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
; ft%% Howard Street, Near Jfirife j
__ " NEW TO-DAT.'.
Gigantic
0 ■ -
SPECIAL PURCHASE
=^«5000B^=
LIES' IMPORTED CAPES!
Lined and Dnlined.
Lace-Trimmed and Braided.
. All This Season's Importations.
We have just placed on sale a gigantic special
purchase of Ladies' Capes, comprising A LEAD-
ING NEW YORK IMPORTER'S ENTIRE STOCK,
which, owing to the advancing season, he closed
out to us AT OUR OWN FIGURES for net cash.
This purchase embraces AN ENDLESS VARI-
ETY OF THE LATEST AND MOST ELEGANT
STYLES AND NOVELTIES in lined and unlined,
lace-trimmed and braided garments, all to be
placed on sale to-day
AT HALF PRICE AND LESS.
LADIES' IMPORTED CAPES.
1500 capes, regular price $2 "will BE placed ON sale at 75c
500 CAPES, regular price $2 50 WILL BE placed on SALE AT 95c
400 capes, "regular price $3 00 WILL BE placed on SALE AT $1 15
400 CAPES, REGULAR price $3 50 WILL BE placed on SALE AT $1 50
400 capes, REGULAR price $4 00 will BE PLACED ON SALE AT $2 00
300 CAPES, regular price $6 00 WILL be PLACED ON sale AT $3 00
300 CAPES, regular PRICE $6 50 will be placed ON SALE at $3 50
300 capes, REGULAR price $7 50 WILL BE placed ON sale at $4 00
300 CAPES, REGULAR PRICE $8 50 WILL be placed ON sale AT $5 00
200 CAPES, REGULAR price $10 50 will BE PLACED ON sale AT $6 00
200 CAPES, REGULAR price $12 50 WILL BE PLACED ON SALE at $7 50
200 Capes, regular price $25 00.... wi1l be placed on sale at $12 50
ADDITIONAL BARGAINS!
In connection with the above, and as an extra
attraction, we offer the following lines FOR
CLEARANCE TO-DAY
AT A SPECIALLY HEAVY SACRIFICE.
WINDSOR TIES. .
At 12 Cents.
500 dozen ALL-SILK. WINDSOR TIES, in plaids, stripes, figured and opera shades,
regular price 25c each, -will be offered at 12^c eacn.
J&.t 2O Cents.
300 dozen ALL-SILK HEMSTITCHED WINDSORS, in a large variety of neat
patterns, regularly sold at 35c each, will be offered at 20c each.
At 25 Cents.
250 dozen LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S ALL-SILK WINDSORS, In a variety of
patterns, regular price 50c, will be sold at 25c each.
-A.t 35 Cents.
175 dozen LADIES' REEFER SCARFS, in plaida and stripes, regnlarly sold at 65c,
will be offered at 35c each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
jOL.t 55 Cents.
2000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID GLOVES,
in medium and dark tan shades, regular value $1, will be closed out at 55c a pair.
.£k.t 65 Cents.
1800 ©airs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (black embroidered back), in am, white and
butter, regular value $1, will be closed out at 65c a pair.
jA-t 65 Cents.
1600 pairs 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in dark and medium tan shades, also black,
regular value $1, will be closed out at 63c a pair.
j£bjt 75 Cents.
1000 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES (black only), regular value $1 25, will be closed
out at 75c a pair.
.£Lt OO Cents.
1000 pairs 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES (large buttons), in red,
tan, navy and brown colors, also black, regular value $1 25, will be closed out at
80c a pair. , :.
At 51.00.
750 pairs 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES (large buttons), shades in red, tan and
brown, regular value $1 50, will be closed out at $1 a pair.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
200 pieces FANCY BLACK DRESS GOODS, all pure wool, regular price 75c and 860,
will be placed on sale
At SO Cents €*> ~&~tfrc3L*
/B/W&**' MURPHY BUILDING^ /
(/(/ uu strum, corner m Jus, /
SA.2ST JET* HATVCaMIQQt
910
CORBETT'S FATHER
PROUD OF JIM
The Old Gentleman Wants
a Seat Near His
Corner.
SHARKEY IS CONFIDENT
Local Celebrities Will Take
Turns as a Sparring Mark
for the Champion.
HANDBALL AND FUNCHING-BAG
Corbett and Sharkey Good-Natured
and Confident — Rochette and
Howard to Box.
P. J. Corbett, father of the champion
pugilist, is determined to be within close
range of his son when he faces the pride
of Uncle Sam's navy.
Yesterday Manager Groom of the Na
tional Athletic Club received among
several hundred letters from seat-seekers
a note from Papa Corbett asking the club
"I get fifty per cent, no matter what happens." says Champion Jim. as he gives
the bag a vicious pnnch.
for a seat nearest to Jim's corner. The
letter concluded :
"I am naturally anxious to be as close
as possible to Jim when he enters the
ring, and as my eyesight is rather weak
the nearest chair to the stage will suit me
best."
Its hardly necessary to state that the
champion's father will be given the best
Beat in the house, which seat will be next
to the corner where Jim will take his
minute rests between the fistic exchanges.
"With ihe many requests for first-class
seats the signatures of several of the most
prominent men in society circles figure at
tbe end of the letters. After Corbett's
letter there came one from General
Barnes, who is very anxious for a good
position so that he may see every
point scored in the contest. Several
prominent people from Portland, Or., will
journey here specially to witness the bout,
and a dispatch was received yesterday
evening from a prominent sporting man
of New York, which said that a party of
pleasure-hunters will start on Saturday
for San Francisco specially to see the Cor
bett and Sharkey mill.
The sale of seats will commence on Mon
day at the Pavilion. Some one suggested
to Corbett yesterday that if box seats ac
commodating six persons were arranged
within a close view of the ring they could
be easily sold at $100 each.
The champion did not dispute the fact
that box seats would sell at good prices,
but he added that he did not propose to
give the rich men a monopoly, and that
he certainly would object to any such
scheme. First come first served is the
champion's motto, and under such condi
tions seats will be sold on Monday.
1 he National Club is figxiring on match
ing Charles Rachette and Jack Howard.
The fiehters will meet to-day and sign
articles (or a six-round contest to precede
the ten-round contest between Smith and
Davis.
The world's champion piieilist, nobody
barred, not even "'Lanky Bob " Fiizsim
nions, sat calm, cool and comfortable be
hind the drawn red-j»lush curtains of the
private office of his brother's saloon on
Ellis street yesterday afternoon.
The resort i;< always crowded when Cor
bett is around and the curtains are nearly
always D oiled together when Corbett sits
there, to shut him out from the gaz* of
the crowd, which will stand around and
gape in silent or noisy awe as long as the
tall form oi the "young feller" who licked
Sullivan is to the slightest extent visible,
seemingly oblivious to what the spick and
fysm young men in white aprons are tiiere
for. When the champion leaves the place
the crowd starts :o fo.low him, but soon
drops far behind his giant* tread, which,
as compared with the length of the steps
they take are as though the cuampion
walked in the seven-leaiue boots of fable.
Corbett had ju-a come from a cold
plunge in the salt-water swimtning-tauk
of the Olympic Athletic Club. He had
had a good rub-down from a strong man,
preceded Dy some very active exercise, and
he felt good and his humor was all aglow.
Every day now the cnanipion goes over
to the gymnasium of the Olympic Athletic
Club and exercises in all the ways peculiar
to the athlete as well as the pugilist to
get in condition for the four bouts with
the heavy-weight >ailor lad with the re
cently acquired $1500 sack. In addition
to that $1600 Sharkey is said to have
enough more in the ssme savings bank to
make the round sum $5000. An effort was
Tames T. Corbett and Thomas Sharkey as They Will Appear in the Ring on the Evening of the 24th Inst.
" Twenty -five per cent to stay on my feet four rounds ought to be all right," says
Sharkey, as he swipes the leat'.er.
made yesterday to induce Sharkey to put
up that $5000 as a side bet in the coming
contest, even up, but he has not yet parted
with any of it.
The hours that the champion exercises
are from 11:30 in the forenoon to about 2
o'clock in the aft«rnon. These hours he
put in yesterday. There was a large crowd
of spectators on the gymnasium floors and
in the galleries. To-day there will not be
so many, for the club authorities have de
cided to close the doors to all except mem
bers when Corbett, his trainers and his
immediate friends are inside.
The training consists principally of
punching the bag, twisting the wrist-ma
chine and going through all sorts of mo
tions with the handles and white ropes of
the chest-developers, handball and spar
ring. Corbett and his trainers, 'Billy
Delaney and George Green, the chaocpion's
active young protege known also as
•'Young Corbett," catch hold of arms, put
their heads and shoulders together ani
push each other around over the carpet.
Corbett, however, will not do any hard
wrestling for his contest with Sharkey as
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
he does in getting into condition to defend
the championship. He used all these ma
chines yesterday, and punched the bag
more swiftly than the eye could follow it.
Young Corbett was the champion's spar
ring partner yesterday. Once the young
ster landed hard with his right on the bis;
one's left ear. and another time saw an
opening for a hard thump on the six
footer's ribs, which he followed up with
complete success. After that the cham
pion took more pains to let the colt know
he was in the friendly contest. Some
blows were struck, though good-naturedly,
that were seemingly hard enough for the
mill week after next.
Young Corbett will not do all the spar
ring with the champion. Other local
celebrities will be invited to take their
turn at being pounded in a severe out
friendly manner. Corbett said yesterday
afternoon: "Young Corbett will not do all
the work. A lot of fellows will face me.
I'll not hurt them. It's fun." The bath
3nd the rub-down came after the gym
nasium.
Thomas Sharfcey was seen at the Acme
Club in Oakland yesterday afternoon,
where he will get down to regular training
to-day. Danny Needham and a group of
friends surrounded him. Sharkey took a
long walk yesterday morning and" a short
walk in the afternoon. His hours in the
gymnasium will be from about 2:30 to 4
o r clock in the afternoon. In addition to
this he will take a perspiration raiser in
form of a pedestrian effort every morning.
The chief mornintr exercise of the sailor
lad will be handball, mauling the bag and
sparring with his trainer, Danny Need
ham.
Sharkey looked every inch in fine form.
On request of a few spectators he took off
his coat, laid aside his straw hat and
slapped, ban eed and mauled the bag, just
to let them see how the sailor lad could
doit.
When asked how he felt in regard to the
coniing' contest Sharkey said :
"Well, I don't know how it will come
out, but I will do my best. I think Cor
bett will know I've been in the ring."
"Give him your best," said a spectator.
"Don't say I won't do it," replied
Sharkey.
Opinion is divided in sporting circles in
regard to the outcome. People can be
found who say Sharkey will not stay two
rounds,- while others — over at the Acme
Club, for instance— say he will be up on
his feet, smiling and happy, at the end of
the fourth.
HAWLEY MUST ACCOUNT.
Judge Coffey Wants to Know the State
of an Incompetent's Property.
George T. Hawley was yesterday sum
moned to appear before Judge Coffey on
June 16 and give an accounting of the
property of W. J. Mann, an incompetent,
whose euardian Hawley is.
On March 23, 1893, Hawley took charge
of $14,000 which was left to Mann by his
father. Hawley, according to Adelaide M.
Jenkins, a sister of William J. Mann, has
mismanaged the property in a terrible
manner, and has loaned, without the sanc
tion of the court, sums of money to a num
ber of persona in Fresno County, from
whom he has failed to exact proper or
sufficient security. It is further alleged
that Hawley did" not qnalify as Mann's
guardian until December 26, 1895, having
then had control of the property for over
twenty-one months, without tiling bonds.
At no time has Hawley returned an inven
tory or made an accounting to fke court.
NEW COUNTRY EXPLORED
Northwest Washington Rich in
Rivers, Farm Lands and
Fine Timber.
Govemment Party Recently Surveyed
the Section So It Could Be
Settled Upon.
Hon. Lawrence E. Doyle, formerly of
San Francisco, and now a resident of Port
Angeles, Wash., is in the City. Since
leaving here several yeare ago he has
served as a member of the Legislature
and as a State Senator of Oregon. Mr. j
Doyle says he received an independent
nomination for Congress in 1894 from the
people of Clallam County, of which Port
Angeles is the county seat.
Mr. Doyle has recently been with the
first Government surveying party that
ever went into the wilds of Northwest
Washington north of and on the ocean
side of the Olympic Mountain range. Six
men were in the party. They followed
half a dozen and more rivers far up toward
their mountain sources, and found the
country wonderfully rich in tall timber,
farming lands and tur-bearing animals.
The Olympic Mountain range is the most
rugged of all the mountains of the Pacific
Coast in North America, lias been but
little explored and is as yet, thoush with
in 100 miles of the cities of Puget Sound
and a pioneer fort at Port Townsend,
almost an unknown region. He says in
dications were found in the streams of
rich mineral ledges.
Mr. Doyle says that along the ocean
coast are iar^e deposits of black sand car
rying large quantities of tine gold. He
says that a few pioneers who are up in that
region take from $2 to $2 50 worth of gold
per day out of this sand by the crudest
means, and that if they had the necessary
apparatus to save the finest gold t. ey
could make a fortune in one or two years.
There is no snow on the coast to interfere
with the work. He says there are deposits
near the mouth of the Ozette River.
The Dungeness Kiver, the valley of
which they surveyed, is a large stream,
with fine At, spruce, cedar and occasion
ally hemlock timber. Several large tribu
tary creeks have rich farming land in their
valleys and are sunoundeu by great cedar
lorests.
Other rivers which the party ascended,
and the valleys of which they surveyed,
are the Eiwa'h, Liar, Twin, Haste. Pel
chat, Suesh, Ozette, Hoe, Quites, tk>ldew,
Clowah and Quillayute and Ozette Lake,
nearly all Indian names. All have rich
bottom lands and tall, straigut timber of
the varieties stated.
There are very few settlers in any of the
valleys. The object of the trip was to sur
vey the land so that it could be thrown
open to settlement.
""Game, elk, deer, bear, grouse, par
tridge and pheasant abound, and the fur
bearing animais are bear, congar, cats,
marten, fishers, otter and a few beaver,"
said Mr. Doyle. "Lake Crescent is seven
teen miles and Lake Sutherland liileen
miles from Port Los Aiigeies, affominj;
fine fishing and hunting. Admiral Beards
lee was there last year, and he says he is
going to spend a couple ot months there
this summer if he can. There warm and
cold springs are side by side near by. We
found the water of the springs good for
rheumatism.
"The finest parts of the States of Wash
meton and Oregon are along their sea
coasts," continued Mr. Doyle. "Thou
sands of dollars' worth of as fine timber as
stands out of doors are burned by the set
tlers in clearing the land. I think the
construction of a railroad from San Fran
cisco along the coast to Port Anceles
would prove a good investment, for it would
bring tributary to this City all that timber,
a rich farming country which would soon
settle up, and a mineral belt that is not
yet even prospected. If coal is not found
up there, too, I will miss my guess. ''
A YOUTHFUL FORGER.
Gni Johnston, 17 Year* of Age, Ar
rested and Booked at the
City Prison.
Gus Johnson. 17 years of ace, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday after
noon by Detectives Whittaker and Sey
mour on the charge of forgery.
The complaining witness is H. H. Noble,
manager of the Cypress Lawn Cemetery
Company. Johnston was formerly in his
employment, but was discharged about
four r.*ont!i£ ago.
Last Saturday G. E. Gray of Wells, Fargo
& Co. mailed a letter to Noble containing
a check for $180. Johnston is accused of
stealing the letter from Noble's letter-box,
opening it and presenting the check at
Wells-Fargo's Bank for payment. H. G.
Hadley. paying teller, refused to cash the
check, although it was indorsed "H. H.
Noble." Noble was then notified by Gray
that he had mailed the check to him.
Noble notified the police, and Whittaker
and Seymour were detailed on the case.
They arrested Johnston Monday nifjht
and found the letter and check in his
pocket. He was identified by Paying
Teller Hadley, and Noble when he saw the
indorsement'pronounced it a forgery, al
though a good imitation of his signature.
Trade Union statistic*.
Deputy Labor Commissioner Dam is sending
to the different trade unions of the Stme
printed schedules on which will be written
such matters as total membership, benefits,
cost of maintenance, and all other informa
tion that will furnish a concise history of the
union in question. These comple'.ed scuedules
will form an important feature of the next bi
ennial report ot the commissioner.
THE GREAT SECRET
OF THE OMUL
Being One of Love and
Not War, It Has
Escaped.
A ROMANCE OF MEXICO.
How a Gallant Lieutenant Fell
in Love With a Fair Young
Singer.
SHE WAS LIKEWISE SMITTEN.
Senoritas Declare the Pair Wi 1 Be
Marrird in Defiance of a
Stern Papa.
The grim old Mexican warship Zaragoza
lying out in the harbor would be the last
one in the world to tell a secret. A secret
of war would remain locked within it until
its spars rotted away one by one and the
rust of centuries had gathered an inch
deep on the bright steel of its guns. But
a secret of love— ah, it had no business
there, anyway, so it has flown out of the
landward portholes and has lit on the
tongue of deliciously low-spoken, roman
tic gossip.
\Vhen the Zaragoza entered the Golden
Gate ten months ago she had under her
hatchways, so the local senoritas say, the
sunshine, the warmth and the love of old
tropical Mexico. The hearts of her officers
were permeated with this same sunshine
and love for what is beautiful — beautiful
in woman.
Lieutenant Rivadeneyra was not defi
cient in any of the gifts the mother coun
try had so munificently bestowed. He
was filled with love, but he lacked an ob
ject toward which this love should be di
rected.
One day a party of Mexican ladies
' vis ted the noble man-of-war, the Zara- j
; goza. This was ten months ago. The
brasswork and the guns on board shone
; with holiday lustre. The decks were holy- I
j stoned until they were as white as milk. !
| Never did the men look so seamanlike and \
; martiai, the senoritas aver, and never did i
; the officers appear so commanding and ,
admirable.
Among the ladies was one who was the j
belle of this City's Mexican colony — Miss <
I Angel Vergez, the soprano soloist of the !
I Church Yglesia de Nuestra Senora de
- Guadalupe on Broadway. After the ''
I ladies were accorded the honors of
! the ship, had watched with deep in
; terest the different maneuvering of the
j men and i.ad listened with little tremors
' of the heart to the sharp, quick orders j
i given by the captain and repeated by the
i lieutenant they themselves were asked in
j turn to do their share in making the visit i
thoroughly enjoyable.
So there was an impromptu musical and
literary programme rendered in the cap
tain's cabin. Among the participants
was Miss Vergez. She sang one after an
other with her clear, sweet voice the songs
that are sune on the long piazzas of
Mexico of moonlight nights. In short,
she sang straight to the heart of the gal
lant young lieutenant, Rivadeueyra.
He had not been personally introduced
i to ncr previous to the music in the cabin,
; so he begged his friend the Colombian
' Consul, who was one of the party, to grant
, him tnat pleasure. The young couple
: were introduced. Their eyes met, and
now the story becomes comparatively
j easy to narrate.
The Zarugoza soon departed for Mexico, i
but three months later returned. Riva- j
I deneyra was aboard, but she bad scarcely
! cast her anchors in the bay before the |
: love-lorn young officer was hurryiug up i
• Green street to the abode of his sweet- '
; heart, thi.- charming young soprano.
When the man-of-war left American \
waters again matters had progressed. !
j There was the rumor of an engagement in
the Mexican colony. The news was whis- \
i pered on the laughing lips of the mis- !
! chievous senoritas.
R'.vadeneyra is a Mexican officer, but
I his father is something tetter yet. He is \
: a railway magnate and owns many a
, ■ broad acre down across the bonier. When
i the youth returned from this latter voyage
\ he procured the full consent of his father, [
although this was really not needed, for !
Rivadeneyra holds an independent posi- !
lion already.
At least it is told that Rivadeneyra the
father was enamored himself with the
likeness Rivadeneyra the son showed him
while confessing his passion.
The Zaragoza is in harbor now for the j
second time since the first meeting of the |
, luv- rs. Isext week it leaves to make the !
| voyage oi the world. Ten more months |
! will eiapse beiore its return, ana then the j
j third tune, Rivadeneyra, perhaps a cap- j
i tain, will claim Angel Vergez as his wile. \
Of course this is the way the senorftas
• tell the story. They may never be mar
■ ried, but still every one who knows them is
! sure that their hearts will remain true not
| only for ten months, but for ten years.
I There is another thing connected with this
that must not be forgotten — the senoritas j
say that Papa Vergez knows nothing w at- ;
I ever about it. In fact, they hint that he
; does not take much stock in naval officers.
! The benoritas insist that this must be kept
a profound secret.
NEW IMPORTATION LAW
Certified Invoice! No Longer Necessary
on Goods Valued at 8100
or Less.
Collector Wise is in receipt of an im
portant ruling from the department at
Washington, relating to entries for "im
mediate transportation." The decision
covers entries at the port of first arrival
on pro forma invoices in the absence of
certified invoices, and whether the filing
of bonds at such port for the production of
certified invoices is requisite.
Some months ago Collector "Wise, in
conjunction with the Collector at New
York, asked for a ruling on this point and
yesterday received the following:
Treasury Department, >
Office of the Secretary, >
, ; Washington. D.C, May 25, 1396. )
To Collect >>•* and other Officers of the Custom*:
The question has been presented to the de
partment whether, under the act of June 10,
1880, entries of imported goods valued at over
$100 tor immediate transportation may be
.legally made at the port of first arrival on a
pro forma invoice without the filing of a bond
at such port for the production of a: certified
invoice in view of the provisions of section 4
of the act of Jane 10, 1890, which prescribes
that "except in the case oi personal effects ac
companying the passenger no importation of
any merchandise exceeding $100 in dutiable
value sha 1 be admitted to entry without the
production of a duly certified invoice."
The question was submitted to the Solicitor
of the Treasury and in his reply (annexed
hereto) that officer advises the department that
section. 4 of the. administrative act aoes not
apply to entries made at the first port of ar
rival under the act of June 10, 1380, and that
entries lor immediate transportation under
the last-named act may be made at the port of
first arrival on pro forma invoices, in the ab
sence ot certified invoices, without the filing
of a bond at such port for the production ot
certified invoices.
The department accepts this opinion as a
rule for the guidanceof officers of the customs
in the cases to which it refers; Nothing herein
shall dispense with the filing of the proper
bond on entry at the port of destination.
Charles S. Hamujt, Acting Secretary.
E. L. FITZERALD HONORED.
The Labor Commissioner Receives a
Handsome Testimonial.
The employes of the San Francisco and
San Mateo Railroad Company have pre
sented Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald
with a very handsome testimonial ex
pressing their gratitude and appreciation
for the prompt and persevering action he
took in pushing through the courts last
January the case in which the payment
of their back wanes was concerned and
b rinsing the matter to a satisfactory con
clusion. •
December 20 of last year some eighty
names of employes accompanied a petition
to the Commissioner, representing $18,000
or thereabouts of unpaid claims. Pay
ments were made on the claims only after
the action taken by Mr. Fitzgerald.
The employes, a short time ago, ap
pointed a committee to find some suitable
expression of their appreciation of Mr.
Fitzgerald's services. The result is a
framed testimonial elegantly engrossed
and illuminated. It reads as follows:
Testimonial to Honorable Edward L. Fitz
gerald, Labor Commissioner ot the State of
California. To Honorable Edward T. Fitz
gerald, Labor Commissioner, greeting. The
employes of the San Francisco and San Mateo
Railroad Company hereby beg leave to tender
their sincere thanks and to testify to their
deep feeling of gratitude for your timely and
effective efforts in their behalf in assisting in
the collection of their unpaid wage?, by urging
to a conclusion the long pending litigation
in which the same were concerned.
V<3 take pleasure in testifying our unquali
fied indorsement of your effort* as Labor Com
missiouer in behalf of th»i lnbor:ntr classes of
the State of California, and fully appreciate
the careful, just, energetic and painstaking
manner in whioh the Labor Bureau ur.der your
direction has been conducted.
We furthermore heartily congratulate the
people of the State of California upo:i having
at the head of this important State depart
ment a Commissioner whuse untiring efforts
and endeavors have at nil times been directed
to ihe welfare and improvement of the con
ditions of the laboring people. Respectfully
submitted,
EitI'LOYES OF THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN
Mateo kailroad company.
San Francisco, May 15, 1896.
Committee— L. L. Kcrr, M. E. Gardiner, Sam
uel Clark, Joseph Smith, Charles Johnston.
Judge Seawell has now under advise
ment the settlement of deposits placed by
the employes under the old administra
tion of the company, of which now no
record remains. It is a question as to
whether the men will be obliged to make
new deposits to retain their positions or
whether the deposit* already placed before
the road was sold will be sufficient.
ARE LIKE SAVAGES.
A I.ariy Missionary Speaks of Mountain
People in south Carolina.
A large number of ladies, both from this
City and across the bay, were present yes
terday at a reception given by Mrs. Rice
at her home, 1122 Pine street, to Mrs. I.
Pratt, a well-known missionary of Al
bany, N. Y.
The reception committee consisted of
Miss Watkins, Miss Hill and Mrs. and
Miss Rice. After the numerous guests had
been made acquainted with the distin
guished visitor there was a general desire
expressed to hear from Mrs. Pratt about
her work and the missionary therefore
consented to give a brief account of it.
Mra. Pratt has not labored in foreign
lands, but among the people of the moun
tain districts of South Carolina, who, she
stated yesterday, were almost as untaught
as savages.
Mrs. Pratt has been Instrumental in
founding three homes at Asheville, where
the boys and girls from the South Carolina
mountains are educated. Every year since
the opening of these training homes she
has been instrumental in raising thousands
of dollars for their support. At present
Mrs. Pratt is on her way to Honolulu for
a vacation.
PHŒNIX CLUB REVIVES.
The Old Republican Organization Starts
Life Anew With 230 Members.
The old Phoenix Republican Club was
reorganized last night at a meeting held
for that purpose in Scottish Hall on Lar
kin street.
The hall was crowded and about 230
signed the roll, whereupon the following
permanent officers were elected:
President, Colonel E. B. Eddy; first viee
presideut, William Powers; second vice-Dresi
dem, ?. Shabew; recording secretary, A. W.
Branch; financial secretary, R. J. "clunie;
treasurer, William McCarthy: executive
coinmiitee^ — M. H. Smith, ex'-officio chair
man and secretary; Thomas McDer
mott William E. Bates A. B. Truman,
I. Schwartz, W. S. Harloe, Dr. J. H. Healy,
James D. Hart, E. C. Palmieri; financial com
mittee—D. K. McMullin, M. Welch, E. M.
Buckley, F. Hageinan, J. B. Campbell, A. Dela
tori Jr., Ed Holland and George Buzzini.
An adjournment was taken at 10 o'clock
to next Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock,
when the club will meet to ratify the
nominations of the St. Louis convention.
The meeting had been presided over
temporarily by Dr. Healy, formerly super
intendent of the City and County Hospital,
and Andy Brancn nad acted as temporary
secretary. The following persons acted as
a committee on permanent organization:
Jim Hart, Palmieri and C. Deuckworth.
Messrs. Bateman, Tredweli and Sweeney
were appointed as aenmmitteeon by-laws.
NEW TO-DAY.
.a r i
Some of Adams & West
lake's metal beds are more
showy than others ; no dif-
ference in quality though
California Furniture Compaq ■ -
N. P. Colk <t Co.)
117 Geary Street.
Pig PC ITCHING PILES
rILLw SWAYNE ' 8
ABSOLUTELY CUBIS. UIN I MENT
SYMPTOMS-MoUti:™: inten-e luk\mm and
•tinging; moot «t ht; wor«e by »r-mtchf«g. If .
allowed « continue tumors r O pjn and protr*
which often bleed and nlecmte. beriiiilnr \r-ri
•orjw SYY A Y 0 1 NT M T Uchi£
and bleeding, heal* nlcermtloa, and In mMtiuu
ItB»TU tk« tojßar*. «v jour Cniaiit tor U. ~" i *
VJ> ycAl \> '/ \T v°ns or diseases of the generaOve or«an« si^h "'Y 011 ,^ aUner-
Xi^L *&¥ P'mplesTtrnfitness to ilarr^ • Fjll^ f n ■ Nervous lability.
T V ~7 Constipation. It stops all losses hv<?-l s Drains, Vancorele ai,<J
, Addrea.DAVOl. MKDICLNJS CO.. 1170 Market street, San Fr^Csco, Cal. Fo rS a.eb 7
BROOKS' PHAKMACY. 118 PoweU nirMfc
NEW TO-DAY.'
IIUNMS"
COLD
CURB.
Colds lead to coughs, coughs to Pneu-
monia and Consumption; therefore, it is
all important to check a cold before it ■
reaches the lungs. Munyon's Cold Cure
will positively break a cold inside of
twenty-four hours if 'taken as soon as the
cold manifests itself. When the cold
reaches the lungs or bronchial tubes the
Cough Cure should be used alternately
every half hour with the Cold Cure. The
Cold Cure is guaranteed to prevent pneu-
monia if used in the beginning of a cold.
Pneumonia, or inflammation of the lungs,
can be controlled by the use of these two
cures. y, " "
The Cough Cure positively cures bron-
chitis, tickling in the throat, hoarseness,
loss of voice, soreness of the chest, diffi-
culty in breathing, hacking cough and all
i pulmonary diseases where the lungs are
! not too far consumed by disease or covered
! with tubercles. ..
A separate cure for each disease. At an
drucgists, mostly 25c a via!.
.Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 150)
Arch street, "Philadelphia. Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
<yX e«s Fat* Oq
doltlriwean!
If you are unhealthy, if you have a local
or constitutional disease, if any of your
internal organs are ailing, if your stock of
I vitality and manly vigor is getting dan- j
gerously low, on account of errors or ex-
' cesses, why do you continue dragging
your feet around like
A HALF MAN
When you can, by undergoing a special
i course of scientific treatment, be
A PERFECT MAN.
Dr. Sweany will cure yon and send you
out into the "world with life anew. This
well . known and reliable specialist also
j gives particular attention to female coco-
' plaints. If you can't call write. Hours:
1 9 to 12 A. M., 2 to 5 P. M., 7 to 8 P. M. ;
I Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
P I SWFANY MII 737 Market 3t..
i r. L. OnLHill, ffl. U., San Francisco, Cal.
We've Cot
'em F^ow.
>Ba# ail 6 %a rv b
BIRD -GAGES. -
Handsomely painted, large si**, regular price
75c. Onr price 40c
Handsomely painted, extra large size, regular
price $1. Our price 500
CANDLESTICKS.
Elegant patterns, in brass, regular price 30c.
1 Mir price. 150
Fancy painted, porcelain tops, regular price
20c.- Our price - : lOc
PIANO DUSTERS.
| Fancy handle, regular price 40c. Our price. .25c
CARVED BREAD BOARD AND KNIFE.
Begnlar price 50c. Our price 1 25c
LACQUERED CRUMB TRAY & BRUSH.
Regular price 25c. Our price _ 10c
"BROWNIE" LUNCH BOXES.
Best quality, regular price 20c Our price. ...10c •
BAZOKS AND SHEARS GROUND BY
SKILLED MECHANICS"
A SPKCIAJLTY.
618-820 MARKET 5%
\*j>t Ci wr jHS^^^SHdS" ■-'-
, MONARCH B
V 10IABCH (V IK JIA.UFACTUIMG CO., V
[A 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. X,
»♦• CHAS. BROWN & SOX, 807 Market. A? 1 U ,*.
i V C. ;.SALOMOXSO.\4CO., Twelfth and •*'
i iSL Franklin streets, Oakland. Agent. t%j>
[B; I ♦>»>»/ . '»>»»I«O.
II PO TAI JR., /-X
Chinese Tea and Herb L*- j
Sanitorinm, ®^-s
Ho. 727 Washington St, \+* 3
S*n Francisco, Cal. \ *£■ • ' W '■''.
Cor. Brenhwn Plata, »bora '-«► - A
tkeplai* JiP' f_.
Office Bonn: 9to 13, *m iJy^S,
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- **w'^
day, 9 A. M. to 13 M.
1-i Po Tal Jr.. son of the famous LI ?d
Tat, has taken his father'^* business^ 1
and is. after eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
FCklchcatcr'* Kasllak Diamond Mr-mod.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<&^V Original and Only Ornnlne. A
y^.^TMTv a*n, alwiti rellabU. utDics ut <b\
AJjvC&M. Drn «f is * tf'Ckltimiwt gngluh Vii-£n\
j£^&S''dß&g»nd Brand in R«l «nd (.^U meULl\ic\%Mr
Iri Vy^"" others Refute dlngm-oru lurititH- v'
; I / "" . <«•«* and imitation*, fjrtu*!.. f o-wnd4r.
I2T ,Jf '? "?f P» »>* P»rUc»l«-i, taitiiciitJi » E i
\f D "Keller for LaiHem." in U:w. br rrtmrm
,Srr~~r Ctlche«t«r Ctiemicml Co.,il«dl.on SaumfJL
; «*« to K'l Loc»! Pr vsciiu. PhUad^-,p2DETECTIVE WOOD
IS AFTER TRUTH
Incidentally There Was
Twenty-Five Hundred
In It.
THAT WAS SECONDARY.
Some More Leaves From Miss
Ashley's Checkered Boston
History.
ESCAPADE WITH A DRUMMER
More Details of Colonel Pope's Efforts
to Get Her Away From
Boston.
More interesting testimony was given in
the Ashley-Baldwin trial yesterday by
Detective Wood of Boston. In the coarse
of his instructive, even if unwillingly
given, disclosures of detective methods
Mr. Wood demonstrated how, despite the
Bcriptural declaration, one may serve two
masters.
The principals and even the few priv
ileged spectators sat unmoved by yes
terday's testimony. "Lucky" Baldwin
slid down in his chair and shuffled three
eilver dollars in his hands. Fanner Os
born sat outside of the rail and scowled
his inoffensive scowl. Attorney Highton
paced back and forth, busily masticating
a bit of the weed, and almost hidden by
the side of the jury-box Clitus Barbour
Blept the peaceful eleep of a Democratic
politician. Alternately Attorneys Critten
den and Highton plied Detective Wood
with questions, only occasionally inter
rupted by the stentorian accents of Reuben
H. Lloyd.
At the opening of the court yesterday
afternoon Detective Wood was put on the
stand. Before his testimony was taken
the courtroom was cleared of ail but the
principals, attorneys and representatives
of the press. As at yesterday's session,
Attorney Crittenden objected to ali of the
testimony being admitted, and excepted
to the ruling of the court admitting it.
Wood testified that on the 18th of April
he had had an interview with Miss Ashley
in his office. In this interview Miss
Ashley asked him if he were not ashamed
of having written the letter of August 28,
in which he called her a blackmailer.
After she had stormed and scoldod a
while she calmed down and witness told
her that what he said was the truth. He
called her attention to Mr. Balch, whom
Miss Ashley called "Uncle Balch," and
asked her if he had not ruined her. Wood
further told her that he might have some
sympathy with a wronged girl, but that
be had none with a blackmailer. She de
clared that she was not a blackmailer and
that previous to her meeting witn Colonel
Pope her life had been innocent. Wood,
however, declared that he had absolute
evidence to the contrary and declared that
if she persisted in persecuting Colonel
Pope he would prosecute her for black
mail.
Finally Miss Ashley admitted that she
had bees intimate wiih a drummer, who
had promised to marry her. After much
tears and pleading with the detective, he
encouraged her somewhat by saying he
might help her to get back to Pasadena.
bhe requested him to write letters to
various persons in Boston and elsewhere
retracting certain things Wood had said
about her.
Another interview took p;ace between
the witness and Miss Ashley on the fol
lowing day. Wood told her he had made
up his mind to help her back to Pasadena,
and gave her $50 or $75. She was very
grateful to him, told him she forgave him
for all the bitter things he had said about
her and asked him to help ncr in her suit
against Baldwin. Witness told her fie did
not believe he could honorably do so, but
he deferred positive answer until the next
day.
On the following day, April 20, another
interview occurred. On this occasion Wood
told Miss Ashley that she had lied when
she said she was an adopted daughter of
Mrs. Thompson, but told her that he
had found out that she had been
a servant in the Thompson house
hold, and that Mr. Thompson had become
suspicious and had told his wife not to
pay her until she should give a receipt.
Miss Ashley wanted Wood to see Bald
win when he came East, and she promised
to pay Wood a good sum for what tie
shouid do in the matter. Although at
that time Wood practically acquiesced, he
declared that he had never received auy
thin^ from Miss Ashley.
Mr. Crittenden then be^an the cross
examination ol the witness. Wood ad
mit ted that he bad been continuously in
the employ of Colonel Pope for many years,
and tnat his house was still doing busi
ness for the colonel. During April, 1894,
and during ali the time mentioned in re
gard to the Asnley affair, he had acted as
Colonel Pope's detective. He admitted
that he had been for Colonel Pope and
against Miss Ashley. He had not been
employed to negotiate a settlement with
Miss Ashley for Colonel Pope; the matter
of buying her the Pasadena property had
been suggested by Wood.
Detective Wood then explained how he
had happened to come out irom Boston to
testify in the case now being tried. The
first nuggestion for his coming out here
was made by Attdrney Lloyd when lie
was East about a year ago. The nr-t
definite arrangements were made between
Wood and Baldwin last year. Baldwin
was at New York and Wood at Boston
and the arrangements for the latter to
enter Baldwin's employ were made by
correspondence. Baldwin promised to
pay Wood $2500 and all expenses of him
self and two assistants. Of this sum $500
was paid down.
Some diversion was caused by a tiff be
tween Attorneys Crittenden and Lloyd
upon an inquiry by Judge Black whether
the attorneys wished other witnesses ex
cluded from the courtroom. Crittenden,
looking around and seeing Farmer Osborn
among the spectators, said that he had no
objections to the presence of witnesses
who were through testifying, as tfaev misrht
be interested In the result of the trial. At
torney Lloyd objected to plaintiff's lan
guage. Crittenden retorted in an under
tone that defendant's counsel were more
sensitive than his witnesses.
Wood had been employed by Attorney
Redding of New York to investigate Mis>s
Ashley's character. He did not know at
the time that Colonel Pope washaving the
investigation carried on. Witness made
trips to Vermont and other places to find
out about Miss Ashley, his compensation,
$8 a day and expenses, being paid him by
Lawyer Redding. Mr. Redding made ar
rangements to send Miss Ashley off to
Australia, and Detective Wood was called
off the case. Later, when she returned to
make trouble, he was again put on the
case.
When Miss Afhley spoke to Wood about
compromising her claim against Baldwin,
Wood was still engaged in making the in
vestigations he had been employed on
and waa to be paid for by Lawyer Red
ding. Miss Ashley promised to pay him,
but did not say how much. This visit to
Baldwin had" been made principally to
serve Colonel Pope, although be claimed
to be serving both Miss Ashley and the J
colonel. His main object was to find out
the truth, but he had Pope's interests
most at heart.
The truth-seeking detective denied that
he v.as endeavoring to get evidence against
her in order to avoid paying her the $2000
for her Pasadena home. He had not yet
paid the money, but he had given her a
written agreement, which, witness de
clared, was as good as a Bank of England
note. Tne Jetective admitted upon ques
tioning that he had deliberately misled
Miss Ashley, but with the putposV not of
getting evidence for Pope but of ascer
taining the truth. He denied that he had
been told by the attorneys for the defense
to repress this fact, but" declared that he
had not hitherto mentioned it because he
had not thought of it.
Detective W 7 ood had written the plain
tiff several letters. The letters he had
written to Miss Ashley asking her to send
an affidavit that Baldwin had ruined her
the witness had intended to use as evi
dence for Pope. Wood felt that there
would be trouble with Miss Ashley again,
not believing that she would keep her for
mer agreement. The affidavit and other
evidence he sought to obtain were to be
used against Miss Ashley in case she
should attempt to get more money from
Color.el Pope.
Detective Wood admitted that he was
still in Pope's employ when he became
Baldwin's detective. He again said that
Baldwin was to pay all of his expenses and
$2500. The balance of this amount, de
ductine the $500 already paid, is to be
given Wood when he gets through here
and leaves San Francisco. The money,
however, was not the only consideration
that moved Detective Wood. There were
other things more important. Of course,
if he had not received the money he could
not have afford, d to coiae out to San Fian
cisco. And, really, although he admitted
having calculated upon making more
by coming out here with his two men than
by staying In Boston at the rate of $8 a
day, he believed he was going to lose
money instead, because he would have to
stay here so long.
TVmorrow morning at 11 o'clock the
trial will be resumed, and perhaps the
truth-seeking Boston Hawkshaw will re
late the forces, more potent than coin,
which have moved him to testify against
Miss Ashlev-
WEDDED IN PETALUMA
Happy Nuptials of Miss Lillian
L. Lewis and Jule C.
Gamage.
Many Handsom? Wedding Gifts Attest
the Wide Popularity of the
Young Couple.
The marriage of Jule C. Gamage and
Miss Lillian L. Lewis was solemnized at
noon yesterday in St. John's Church, Peta
luma, which had been beautifully deco-
1 \i
Mrs. Gamage (Formerly Lillian L. Lewis). Jule C. Gamage.
rated for the occasion. The bride was be
comingly attired in an elegant white gros
de londres silk and carried La France
roses, fred H. Fowler of this City acted
as best man and Miss Lewis, the bride's
sister, as maid of honor. The bridesmaids
were Misses Helen Munday, Bessie Riley
and Genevieve Brown. The groomsmen
were John N. Elbert Jr., J. O. Hill and
W. A. Marshall.
After the ceremony a bountiful wedding
breakfast was served at the residence of
the bride's parents, corner of Sixth and C
street?, where the hiippy coudlo received
the congratulations of their many friends,
among whom were many peopie from
this City a.nd Petaluma, where the bride
is one of the most popular belles of the
town.
Jule C. Gamage, the groom, is a promi
nent young attorney of this City, and his
bride is the daughter of William A. Lewis,
a prominent Petaluma capitalist.
The many handsome presents received
attest the popularity of the young couple
and the esteem in which, they are held.
Among the gilts was a check for $2500 from
the bride's father.
The newly wedded couple will spend
their honeymoon at Del Monte and will be
at home to receive their friends after
July L
THESPIAN ARRIVALS.
Members of the New California Stock
Company Come From Portland.
The new California Theater stock com
pany arrived from Portland at an early
hour yesterday morning, end tne mem
bers are quartered at the leading hotels of
the City. *
Herbert Kelcey, the leader of the new
combination, is at the Palace, and when
seen last night spoke feelingly of the
pleasures and discomforts — mostly dis
comforts — of the company's voyage from
Portland. Nearly all the members were
indisposed during the trip down thecoast,
and were more than glad when the prow
of their steamer rounded the Hea'.s.
The company will open at the California
on Monday next, June 15, with "The Home
Secretary." Then will follow in rapid
succession "The Idler," "A Bunch of Vio
lets" and "The Gray Mare."
Among the leading and prominent mem
bars of the new stock company under the
direction of L. R. Stockwell are Herbert
Kelcey, William Beach, J. T. Sullivan, L.
R. Stockwell, Miss Effie Shannon, Miss
Lizzie Hudson Collier, Miss Winona Shan
non, Miss Olive Oliver.
>\ oodworkers' L"if i»n.
At a meeting of the Amalgamated Wood
workers' Union No. 15, last night, a resolution
was adopted continuing the boycott on me
Parrott building, as also against all breweries,
except Enterprise, Buffalo and Broadway,
those beirjg the only ones who employ union
hands, it was decided by the union that they
do not join the Fourth of July parade as a
body.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
HOT BATTLE IN
A LODGEROOM.
Scene of Great Excite&ent
in the Precincts of the
Alcazar.
AMAZONS IN WAR PAINT
Harmony in the Order of the
United World Seriously
Disturbed.
MANY ARRESTS THREATENED.
The Row Was Started by the Supreme
Officers Eeing Charged With
Fals.fying.
"Blow the whistle! Ring the bell!
Call nelp! Get the police! Oh! Oh!
Hurry up! They're righting 1 Oh, they're
killin' each o:her!"
Such were the exclamations heard in
one of the halls of the Alcazar buiiding
last night. They were shouted by a stout
larly, who emerged from one of the lodge
rooms out of breath and very much
excited.
Tne hall bell was violently ringing, which
bad the effect of bringing the janitor of
the buiiding, John Hall, and several other
persons who rushed out of the several
lodgerooms on that floor to the scene.
As soon as the stout lady who was the
cause of all this commotion had gained
her wind she explained that there was a
tight in one of the lodgerooms.
Ttiis information caused a rush to be
made to tliat particular room, and as soon
as an entry was obtained it was evident
that the stout lady told the truth. There
were upturned chairs visible, and a good
sized row was in proeress. Women's hats
and wraps were thrown in promiscuous
disorder on the floor, while at the upper
end, near the secretary's desk, a regular
battle of Amazons was in progress. The
angry women not only resorted to face and
body blows, but hair-pulling was also a
prominent feature of tne combat.
The janitor and a few others separated
the combatants, and after a while peace
was restored.
When tbe smoke had cleared away it
was ascertained that the canse of the row
was aileged misstatements made by
Michael Brooks, the supreme officer of the
"United World," a new beneficial order
just started, the conditions of which are
that on paying $2 entrance fee and 50
cents per month dues, members are prom
ised $5 per week sick ben fits.
Grand Presiding Officer Brooks, as the
members stated, had received $47 for the
purpose of incorporating the order and
issuing a charter under which lodges
would be recognized.
This portion was all right, but one in
quisitive member named August Euier did
not believe all told him by Brooks, and as
a consequence he wrote to the Secretary of
State's office at Sacramento and ascer
tained that the United World had not
been incorporated.
With this information in his possession
he faced Brooks in the lodgerooni and
accused him of telling untruths.
Brooks and his friends resented this
very pointed accusation and proceeded to
eject Euier from the room; this was re
sisted and the row ensued.
The police were called in, but refused to
interfere. Warrants by the dozen are
threatened to-day from every person who
participated in the free fight
TO PURIFY THE PRESS.
Th« Woman* State Federation for the
Public Good Adopts Kegolutioiis.
The Woman's Federation for the Public
Good passed the following resolutions yes
terday :
Whereas, The public press aimß to educate
as well as to inform public opinion; and
whereas the illustrations in our daily news
papers serve as object lessons to thousauds of
children in whose hands they fail: therefore,
Reg»lvcd, That as a Federation of Women for
the Public Good, we deprecate the publication
of minute details of horrible crimes, and the
illustrations oi the same, as we deem them
incentives, both to wrong thinking and to
wrong doing, to the young and unwary reader.
M. J. Payne,
Corresponding Secretary Pro 'lem.
•—• — • — »
THE HEARST MILLIONS.
A Big Addition to the Heady Cash by
the Sale of the Anaconda.
The sale to English capitalists of another
block of stock of the Anaconda Copper
Mining Company of Montana may add
about seven and a half million dollars to
William R. Hearst's credit at his New
York and San Francisco bankers.
Several months ago a bloct of stock
amounting to something like a quarter of
a million dollars was sold by the Hearst
estate to the Rothschilds, and this new
transfer foots up about eleven million dol
lars which the Hearst estate realized from
the largest copper mine in the world with
in the last few months.
The friends of Mr. Hearst and Irwin C.
Stump, the manager of the estate, who
were seen last night, expressed no sur
prise at the sale of the Hearst interest in
the mine, as it was known to the inner
circle that negotiations had been under
way for several months. The Hearst
holding aggregated about 270,000 shares of
the stock.
DEVICE OF A FORGER.
Wrong Spelling of a Name Held to Be No
Defense for a Peuman.
In the case of the People vs. J. W.
Alden tne Supreme Court yesterday de
nied the appeal of the defendant for a new
trial and affirmed the judgment of the Su
perior Court.
Alden forged the name "Charles R.
Woowared" to a certificate of deposit for
$140. made by the California Savings and
Loan Society, payable to the order of
Cnarles R. Woodward. Alden claimed
that he was not guilty of forgery, not hav
ing signed Woodward's name, but Justice
McFarland decided that Ull3 proposition
cannot be maintained, because the fraudu
lent purpose and f lonioua intent to com
mit a forgery was as clearly manifested
and as completely executed as they would
have been if the spelling of the forged
name had been entirely correct.
GOT HILDEBRANDT'S LIBRARY.
H. C. >'ash's IntereHting .Story of Things
Done at Stanford.
H. C. Nash, librarian at the Stanford Uni
versity, and fora long time private secre
tary to Mrs. Stanford, is at the Lick. Mr.
Nash says that the University library now
contains the large number of about 30,000
volumes, besides 10,000 pamphlets.
Recently, as Mr. >iash tells, the Univer
sity obtained the magnificent selected
library of Professor Hildebrandt. the dis
tinguished German philologist. It con
sists of about 6000 volumes. Cataloging
is going forward, and in a short time it
wi:i be in convenient shape for perusal.
Mr. Nash will be hfre only a day or two.
A CLASH OF AUTHORITY
Between the Board of Health
and the Board of Super
visors.
Who Is to Blame for the Alleged
Mismanagement of the County
Hospital ?
The Board of Health is dissatisfied with
the condition of things now existing at
the City and County Hospital. The Board
of Health claims that the biame rests with
the Board of Supervisors.
At a session held last night of the hos
pital committee of the Board of Health,
consisting of Dr. Henry H. Hart (chair
man), Dr. J. M. Williamson and Dr. G. J.
Fitzjdbbon, a formal inquiry into the sub
ject was commenced.
"It is purposed to prove by this in
quiry," said Dr. Hart, "that the City and
County Hospital is practically outside of
the jurisdiction of the lioard of Health
and under ttie immediate supervision of
the Boar 1 of Supervisors. The .Board of
Health has nothing whatever to do with
the purchase ot the hospital supplies. All
we can do is to shoulder a heavy responsi
bility and make a few appointments.
"The duty of purchasing suitable sup
plies devolves mainly upon M.-ssrs. King,
Dunker and Hirscb, the Hospital Corn
mittfe-of the Board of Supervisors. For
this reason the Board of Health is at the
I mercy of the Board of Supervisors, whi -li
, gets all the proiitt, while we gpt all 'he
blame. It is often dilriculf to secure re
quisite supplies for the hospital, for
which, in many instances, extravagantly
higii prices have been paid by the City,
upon the recommendation of the Super
v.sors' committee, althougn the food has
frequently been found to be of a bad
quality and unrit for use."
Dr. F. H. Stable. Superintendent of the
City and County Hospital, was then
sworn, and in response to questions by ihe
committee testified substantially as fol
lows:
"I am a mere figurehead at the hospital,
and i h o n jr i i I am held responsible by the
Board of Health for their quality, the sup
plies are ordered directly by the Super
visors. We have often received from con
tractors decayed fish and potatoes which
were untit for use and had to be returned.
"Requisitions for supplies are first made
by the steward, next sent to me and finally
submitted for the approval of Supervisor
King. He also says who are to make any
needed repairs. He awards contracts as
he pleases. The favored men lor whisky
supplies are Hugh & Lynch and Seegele-
Ken & Buckner. The whisky we are now
using costs $2 50 a gallon, and is no better
than that for which we used to pay $1 90.
We use some forty gallons a month. We
also pay too much for our beef.
"The ■am ol $1600 was expended in re
pairing tiie hospital, which was in a filthy
condition, and this was taken out of our
$80,000 appropriation intended solely for
salaries and supplies. Tye known cases
where inmates of the hospital h ave been in
need of food, bedding and surgical sup
plies which could not be supplied because
Supervisor King did not see lit to sign
the requisitions until he was ready. The
surgical instruments in use at the hos
pital are out of date and useless, and
many of the visiting surgeouo will not
touch them.
"We pay too much for coal and milk.
The training school costs $7000 a year, the
polyclinic ward is a third more expensive
than any other ward and our expre3sage
costs $800 a year. We supply drugs to the
Magdalen Asylum and food and drues to
the pesihouse. Of the $80,000 appropriated
to us we do not get more than $75,000."
Secretary Godchaux ot the Board of
Healtn and Georjie Robinson, the steward
of the City and County Hospital, were
present, but the examination of Dr. Stahle
took so much time that upon its conclu
sion further inquiry was deferred and the
committee adjourned to the call of the
chair.
CAMARINOS WAS EVICTED
The Famous Sparta Restaurant
Closed by the Sheriff's
Deputies.
Former Greek Consul in Very Deep
Difficulties Over H.s Unpaid
Rent.
Sheriff Whelan's men performed an act
yesterday— strictly in the line of duty—
that will bring tears to the eyes of many a
gourmet and probaoly close forever one of
the most famous restaurants of this City.
Few lovers of good cheer in this City
have not dined at the Sparta, which for
several years was conducted by D. G.
Camarinos, at the corner ot Merchant and
Sansome streets.
The Italian chef was a treasure in his
line, and his dishes were sufficient to bring
clubmen, bankers and members of the
swell set from their clubs and more pre
tentious restaurants to the Sparta.
For a long time the Sparta was prosper
ous and Camariuos made money, but the
tide of fortune turned against him and he
became involved in litigation thai sapped
his resources until an eviction for non
payment of rent followed.
Camarinos was for many years the lead
ing spirit in the Greek colony of this City,
president of the Greek Benevolent So
ciety and Consul for Greece. In the
heignt of his prosperity he was the r>os
sessor of a handsome fortune, bu tan all
too "liberal hand and a fondness for litiga
tion brought him into financial ntraits.
In addition to the Sparta restaurant
and saloon Camarinos conducted a whole
sale fruit business in an adjoining store.
Several months ago his rent was raised
and he made preparations to move. His
landlord would allow him nothing for the
improvements to the place, on which ne
had spent s veral thousand dollars, and
he bad no means to fit up a new place.
Recently judgment for $900 was obtained
against liim in the Superior Court and
yesterday Deputy Sheriff Degan and three
assistants plated Camarinos' remaining
worldly possessions on the street.
The Stopover Casea.
The stopover damage suits instituted by J.
H. Robinson against the Southern Pacific
Company are being tried in Judge Sanderson's
court.
The railroad's attorney yesterday arsrued
that the Oakland mole b no place of common
congregation and that tickets purchased there
were evidently bought with the object of
harassing the company.
Very few people know the sound of their
own voice. When they hear it in a phono
graph they are much surprised.
NEW TO-DAr.
If ■■
i £*%&
/7V. / 4 "^ *\ vt' »^s
f" Mi X^ ly M
"Cupid and Psyche."
MANHOOD!
The Most Precious Ele-
ment of Our Physical
Being. You Do Not
Know How to Appre-
ciate It.
When a man is broken
down in his vital powers as
a rule he is not the only one
who suffers. Others, family,
friends, those who enjoy his
company and protection, no-
tice the depression in his
spirits, the lack of ambition,
dogged disposition, nagging,
irritable temperament. It
makes all who come in con-
tact with him unhappy.
Let the reader understand
that all this misery comes
from the loss of nerve foree —
that element which is the
well spring of all joy, of all
mental and physical pleas-
ure. It is the loss of this
nerve force that leaves the
mind and body weak, and
causes the sufferer to feel
that the best of his life has
been spent.
To replace the force and
strength of the nerves we
must use Electricity — not
drugs — as Electricity forms
the basis of all animal life.
It is the nerve force, the life
of the nerves, and the life of
all nervous and vital organs
increases when Electricity is
applied in mild, soothing
currents, as it is from Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
It is hard to convince some
people of the value of this
great Electric Belt, for every
sufferer knows too well the
great amount of fraud and
deception which is practiced |
by makers of a cheap grade
of belts, and how these char-
latans impose them on the
public with the announce-
ment that they are "as good"
as Dr. Sanden's.
"I hare read about other electric belts, " says
a correspondent, "which claim, to be as good as
yours, but they don't show as many cures as
yours does."
"I have tried many different remedies and
leveral other makes of electric belts, but re-
ceived no benefit until I used yours. It has
caused a permanent cure," says James H.
Burden, 417 Clementina st., Stockton, Cal.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
will positively cure all weak-
ness arising from early
habits or later excesses. If
you are weak you owe it to
yourself, to your family and
friends and those who will
look to you for a heritage of
health to cure yourself now.
Get Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt to-day.
Book, with price list and
full information, free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours ; » a. m. to
8:30 f. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT:
X.OS ANGELES, CAI,., I PORTLAND, OR.,
204 South Uroadway. I 253 Washington street.
NEW 10-DAT.
EverY Dacka^e of thl<s A large bottle of liquid Sozodont
i-.r^i^ (/awi\asc Ul till* A box of Sozodont Powder
popular dentifrice contains : A s^ le «ko ol sozoderma so«p, for tn«
WL yBF & ]^_ m A rmP m^&i fir /& st
Kr ArS: B^^^' imitmu. I it C, _
trie liquid Soiodont daily; the powder twice a week. A sample of liquid Sozodont by mall, provide «
yon mention r his pablicacion and send thpee cenl.-i for postftg>- ' Address the Proprietors °' boxwdoni
M aix * RrcKKL, Wholesale Dr»iritistB. yew Yor< City. — —•
- '■^- RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION 111 RITES BY RAIL
■ ■ ' - ....T0....
i>ojiTijxi]xri3. on..
FRIDAY.. ; . JUNE 12
: And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
$5. 0 fl— Including Bertii in Pullman Tour-
gOiUU ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets. Including berth in Cj 1 A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. »1P I '_' i
.SPECIAL NOTICE
Thin train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*-
gengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
Bold or baggage checked to such points.
f/ST" Through Tickets for Puget Sound
Points on Sale at Reduced Kate*.
For further Information a ply at
613 MARKET SIKKKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Oftice), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mxr. . Pen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTH PACIFIC CO3fPA9TT.
(PACIFIC BSBTJCIL)
TrnlM leave »ml »r« duo to nrrlve :»«
»a.n riuscuco.
leave — From Jcxe 7. 1806. — ariiivr j
"•6»00a Kilcs, San Joss and Way Stations . . . S:4s a
7:«Oa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast.. *-4.1p
7:00 a Benicia, VacaviUe. Hums^y. Sacra-
mento, Orovillo and Redding via
Davis 6:45r
7:00 a. Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa ltosa 6:15?
8:3Oa 'Silts, Ban Jose, Stockton, lone,
.Sacramento, Slaryaviilo and llet
liluff 4:l*r
•8:30.\ Peters and Milton «7:15p
9:0 it a Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I, or Augoles 4:43p
9:00 a. Martinez and Stockton I1:-13a ,
»:OOAVallejo C:l3p I
l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Livermore 8:13 a '
"l:OOp Sacramento River Stcimcrs •O:Ol»p ;
tl:^Oi> Port Costa and Way Stations ft-.-ioi'
4:OOr Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo
Kapa, I'.ilibtuga, El Vcrano i.nc
. Santaltoti 9ill>a
«:«Oi- Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysviili,
Orovillo. and .Sacramento 10:13 a j
4:30p Kilt's, San Jose, Lirermore and
Stockton. 7:Mp
4:SOp Merced, Kerenda, Riymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:4oa
3 : OO i- New Orleans I ; » press, I 'resi io, Bakers
•IoM, Santa Uiirl)ara,l,ns Aligule^
f>cmiiiß. El Paso, New Orleans and
2ar,t ;..;... 10s13a
SiOOp bant:'. li! lioule, Atlantic JixpreiS
for Mojave ami Last 10:13 a
8:00p Vallejo 11:13 a
O:OOr Kuropeau Mail, Oniieii and Kast.... 9:*.~»a
O:OOV 1I:!Yu:ik1h, IS'ilißunil Han Jose T:43a
J7:ooi- Vallejo i7:43p I
7:OOr Orcgou flmiiinifillli). Marjß-
yillc, Redding, Portland, Incut
Soinnlaiiil V.ORt IO:t»A :
SANTA <:UI)Z IHVI-.ION (Narrow tianito;. ■-
~(7:43a Santa Cruz Excnreion, (-anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }S:o3p
8:13 a Newark, CGtilurrillc.N.iii.i oso, Felton,
i;ouMcr(,'reek,Saiita<Jruzand Way
Stations .".. 3:50p
•8:15p Newark, Centervilic, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, ISoulUer Crock,
liauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ...*II:aOA
|ltlsi-Nov.-ark. S;iii .Inso anil I.os (,':itos.... flnr>OA
CO AM DIVISION (Third .V TouiiMiinl Sis.)
•6:43 a .Sum .Joso aii'l Way Station* (Dew
Ahcadeii WefinesJays onlj) , *'*Sop .
}7>3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jos<v
fis.nta Cruz. Pacific Grove, maa
Principal Way Stations :»:33p I
Nil3a Sim '.lose, Ti. . rinds, Hants Cm;'
acilic (ir.)K'. I'asn Rubles, Has
J,iiift «)lii»po, Gur.Uilnpo and Piin-
tii'iit Way Kt:iii,>iin 7:03 r
J9:47a. Palo Alto and Way Stations fl :30p '
t»:4»,\ Bail Joh'.! anil Way Stclicms .">:«<> i
II:»Oa Palo Alto and V. iiy Stations 3:30p :
•*:»«!• San Matco, Mcnlo Park, San .loss*
- Gilroy, Ties linos, Hanta Criu,
* Salinas.MoatereymulPacificCirnvo *10:4Oa
■3:! top Sail Joso, PaciSo Grovo ami Way
, Stations 0:47*
*4:»0r San.Tosooiul Wny Stalif^js *H:OOa
3:30 i« San Joseaixl Principal Way Stations *H:4?»a
•tSOr San Joso ami WayStatious G:::.»a i
Ul:3.>|- Ban .loan ami WavStnt.'ong 47:4."»p I
SAX LKASttiiU ASH HAVWAKUs UMiAL. j
i'O.-COa") ( 7:J3a !
«:O(»a I i9:3.-»a !
IS.W»i Melnwe, Seminary Park, | \Xs&\
"Hoop Fltchbnrg,S«mleaadro *$■£&
8:00p , n 4 J 4:«5p
s:oi>p Haiwards 0:13p i
3:30p naywaras. .7:J3 p
7:OOp I "> fl:-35p j
oSoop » Runs through to Niles. io-3Op \
ttll:15r; t From lies. (. ttl2:o0 P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
From SAN FEiKCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 •2:20 13-CC
•i:00 tS:CO •6:03 p.m.
'Rom 01KUND— of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. $12:C0 •1:00 t2:00 »3:00 i«C
'5:00 P.M.
AforMoniius. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays esceptsd. . 1 (Saturdays only
* Sundays only.
1 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
' .....nv.,|,.,f rn »,c...,^,,
SMFRJMISCO& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO. !
Tlburou Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. If.-. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ac 1:50
and 11:30 P. M.
6DKDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:34 I
5:00, 6:20 p. M.
San Kafnel to San Francisco.
WEKK DAYS— 6:I*. 7:50, 9:10, 1110 a m •
I ?i 4 5 3 :40, 5 :10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trlpj
at 1:55 P. if. and 6:35 P. m.
eVi i^\^T-'- ' ' 9:>> 11:1 ° A - *■- 1:40 > 3:4 °-
-5:00, 0:25 P. m. -
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc sama ;
schedule as above.
~ Leave T^lfflZT Arrive
San Francisco. -. iprll 2. San Francisco.
Wekk Son- 1 , . Itn1 t n " l ;. an - Srx- I Week !
Days. I days, destination. DAY9^ | Dayb
,7:30 am 7:30 AMI ' Novato, 10:40 am 8:43 am I
3:30 I'M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am !
5:10 pm; 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■ C Fulton,
7:30 am ; ; Windsor, 10:10 AM ;
Healdsbnrg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pieta, ~
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:3oam Uklah. 7:30 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 10:10 am
1 7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 pm -. .■
3:30 PM I 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am j
6:10 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm I
| | Glen Ellen.
7:30 am 1 7:30 am l g ebastono , 10:40 AMI 10:10 am
3:3opm|6:oopm| Se P*atopol. | 6:05 ) 6:15 pm j
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West ]
Springs; at Geyservllle for Slca^us Springs; at '
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hiehlaud i
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and uakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart'ett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Biuo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Luxe, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Lierley's, Bucknell's, San-
hertrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville. Green
wood, Orr's.Hot Springs, Mendocloo City, Fort
Brairg, Westport, Usal, Wiliets, Cahto, Covelo,
Layionviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced i
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San llaiael at half rates.
Ticket Officps, 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITIXO. R. X. RY AX,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From Ban Francisco, com ny n ing March 29i 1893,
• WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, •s•€*
•9:15 10:16, 11:45, a. M.; 1;!5, S:-0, 4:15,
5:16. *S:OU. «i:35 p. m. :
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W*dM»
aaya and Saturdays at 11 -.30 p. at.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and S*u Rafad-*8:00, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:3Ja. m.;**l'J:Bj, "1:30, *2:15, *4:00,
6:30,6:46,8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Bauiallto
11:00 a. m. •
Trains marked • run to San Qnentin. M 13:39 i
p. M. does not ma to Mill VMley. ■ '
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 P. m. weekdays— and way station*
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazalero and way station* '
9soo a. m. Sunday «-l'oint Reyes ana way aiatloMb
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
/ Atlantic ll^^^&
Pacific eg^Ss^i^iiek
RAILROAD lilli-^Sil^^
Trains leave from and arri ve «JNsW>£p^^^K^
n llarket-Street Ferry. >^'i? S *oUTei
SANTA FE EXPKtsS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lino
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullman
: Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
: via Kansas City without change. Annex caw iar
lx-uver and St. Louis.
Tliu Pui.tt.ur qA-nTA FE ROtJTK EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY lor BOSTON
j with the very latest u|i-to-(!at- upholstered tourist
' sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
i tlironeh to d<>s'l:intion.
i The best railway from California to the East.
• New rails, new lies; no dust: interesting scenery},
! and good meal in Harvey's <liii:ni;-:oi>m<.
Ticket Otttcti— 044 Market street,
Chronicle Itnlliliiry.
i --- ■ ' ■ '
OCEAN STEAMS BJTS2
ASTORIA if PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
bmteof California sails June 2, l'.'aivi 23
Columbia sails June 7. 1-7 and Ml
>rom bpear-st. Wharf (Pier 'J4) at 11) a. JC
bOUDAiu, PERKINS & CO., Hen. s np r,,.
i. If, UUatNOB, Uenera! A«en%
630 Market s.reat.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP (mm
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
X*lxrf9t Cla3s ■•.&0.00
Second Olasti3....SS-pO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
)j»"ieral Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL BAIL • FROM /»»a
Broadway wharf, tiau Francisco, a* I f^
follows:
, For Mary Island. Jorlns:. Wran^el. Juneau. KU-
li?uoo ana Bltka (Alaska), a. a a. m., Juue 3,
13, :8. s*B .in y 3. is. if*. -^«.
For Victoria nn.l Vancouver (B. CO. Port Town-
tend, Seattle. Tacoma, Kveretc Anacortes andNevr
Whalcom ißellin?ham Bay, Wash.). '■> a. U.
.l.in 8. . 13. ". -. 23 -_S. and every tlftU
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlttj
the C. f. K. 8,, at, Tacoina with N. P. R. It,
at Seattle with U. K. JUy., a- Port Townsend witi»
Alaska steamers. '
For Eureka, Arcata and Field* Landlnz (Hu.-a-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m.. June J. & 10,
14 1-. ■_•.:. \ 8 >and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harforci (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Sanl.4
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San
: Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Tune
4. >■■ x'_-. ju. M, 24. -■} and every tourth day there-
after.
For San JDlPfro, stopping only at Port Harfort
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
A. M.. "i <• a >i. lit, U. .a, TZ, -M, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatl&n. La
Faz. Altata and Uuaymas (Mexico), s:r. Orizaba.
10 a. if., Jane -. -7. HuaUstuof month there-
at r r.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
UOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Oen'l Agents.
. ' 10 Marital st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days
HAWAII. SAMOA, ftfffc HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, gl by
AUSTRALIA. M^S.S. AUSTRALIA,
&.. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day. June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra es.
S. ft ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 23,
at 2 p. m.
Line io COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa,
J. li. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Ac's.
11 . Montgomery at.
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
COMGNIE GENERAL TUISiTIIITiyH
French Llti»» to Eavrn.
POMPANY'SPIER(N£\V),42NORTH rftrj
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by -K^ggsJ
this line avoid both tramit oy English rail"- ~
(he discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, K^ypc, via Pan*
tirsl-ciass $160: second-class, *lit>.
J.A KAIN K. Capt. Bantelli.. ..May VS. 8 A. M.
LA NORMANDIE J May *_'% 8 a. SI.
LA GASCOONE ...Ja c SO, 7a. X.
LA .Nun .M'Xr....... July 4. 6a. K.
LA GAi-OOONR July US, 11 a, K.
LA NI)H'HNniK .... Aiiiust 1, 6 a. it
LA ROURGOP.VK. Capt. l*b-><>at .June 6, 7a. M.
Mf3~ For farther Fsrtlcoiars apply to
A. FORtikr. A?»nt.
Na 3Bov j D . Green, New Yorlc
3. F. FUOA/I & CO., Agents. 6 .Moutgomerr
•venue, San r'raiici»cc
WHITE mR USB.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queens town & Liverpool.
SAILIXJ EVKKt \*±£l£»i.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- --
Ing to steamer and accommodations Itfritmm
■elected; second cabin, 3D and *40; Maj^ucuud
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway «nd li-nmarlc
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
CnOai tilftnd Hotel. v. \V. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEA3I_PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL .^sa.
O fortnightly for the West Indies and -v&S&Sf
Southampton, calling en route a. C^rbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
class. $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PAItROTT & CO., Agents,
:.-. -■: ' ,';, . 306 California su
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 I. M-. .Daily.
SmulJiy at (7 i". 31.
'83~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
tj'iJtiAaiiiKS:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Kav. and Impt. Co
FALLEJO. MARE BLUB, 'BSSiciA, PORT
COSTA m CROCKETT.
STB. KONTICEIXO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:39 a, at
and 4 p. x. ; Saturday, lu:3U a. * U.oi) r. at
Sunday— c. m.
•4 r. M. only.
Lauding. UJUaioa 1, I'ier *.
•fV^gjß b&iG Bi|? G is , a non-poiHonona
tf^^^^^^^^^SM remedy for Gonorrhoea.
ili^rcCKSa^sl Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
■' gSSSBr io 1 to 5 days. Whites, unnatural dig-
CMf Qnar»nteed m charges, or any inll.irama-
-I*l not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
P* 'iTPreventi contagion. tion of in neons mem-
RSmTHEEYANSCHEMICUrjo. branes. Non-astringent.
mAcincinnati.O R) I Sold by Dra«rsri»fo,
VSJiV U. S. a j |^^or sent in plain wrapper,
(^■Hl. by express, prepaid, for
■K&MS&SSS^wi 1 1 .- 00 - or 3 bottles, $.7\
m Circular sent or. ~ ..oast.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SI MMAKY OF THE MARKETS I
Silver unchanged.
Wheat weak. Freights steady.
All other Cereals dull.
Beans neglected. Seeds dull.
Hay unchanged. Potatoes steady.
Onions very cheap.
Vegetables weaker.
Butter. Cheese and Eg?s unchanged,
More Kast m Poultry 111.
Buyer* s ramble for Cnerrles.
Other Fruits keep up.
Oranges t;oing 0111. Limes scarce.
No cull for I); led Fruits.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides and Tallow as before.
Hops and Wool dead.
Hogs weaker.
Coffee dull.
Canned Fruit unchanged.
Explanation.
Th* arrow flies with the wind. The toe figure*
Sjt gtatio: indlciua maximum temperature for the
Jays: those underneath it. if any, the amount of !
rainfall, -4 melted snow in inches and hundredth*, ■
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
Uses, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "Jbieh" means iih-h barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows"' usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low aloug the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the ■•!««" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result-
WEATHER RURKAU REPORT.
United States Department of agbicui.
tibk Weather Bureau, San Francisco, June
9, 1896 5 p. M-— Weather conditions and general
forecas: :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of game date last season:
Eureka 61. 90, last season 46.33; Red Bluff 22.43,
last season 29.71; san Francisco 21.25, last season
'J5.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Obisno 17.70, last season '.26.04; Los Angeles 9.35,
last season 16.10: Ban l';°i.'o 5.93, last season
12.-'0: Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from s-ations in California to-day:
Kureka. 60. Red Bluff 84, San Francisco 69, ,
Fresno 94, ?-an Luis Obispo.. 76, Los Angeles 74, |
San Dleso 68, Yuma 108. -
San Francisco datf»— Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 50, mean iO.
The pressure is highest this evening along the
Oregon cons'- and lowest in Utah and Arizona
The conditions are those favorable for northers
in the interior of Ca;if»rnia. High north winds
will prevail Wednesday, but the temperature
will not be as hull as it will be 011 Thursday an I |
probably Friday, when the temperatures in the
interior'valleys are likely to be the highest thus (
far this season
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, Jane 10, 1896:
Northern California— Fair; warmer in north por- j
tion Wednesday: probably still warmer Thurs- i
day; brisk to high northerly winds in the north I
portion; a norther. I
Southern California— Fair; continued warm ;
Wednesday; probably warmer on the north and ;
central coasts; brisk northerly winds, a hot j
norther.
Nevada— Fair; probably warmer at Carson City |
Wednesday.
Utah— Fair; cooler Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair; continued warm Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair: warmer
Wednesday; fresh to brisk northerly winds.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
NEW IOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. June 9.— This has been an- I
other extremely quiet day at the Stock Exchange, , I
the transactions footing up only 113,000 shares. j
The fact that early cables from London reported
quotations there slightly above our closing on yes- !
er-.av imparted steadiness to the loca. market at !
the 1 pining this morninc. but. a reaction set in in '
sympathy with a fairly heavy selling movement ;
In sugar, due to a report that K. ('. Potter, a prow
inent broker and son-in-law of Theodore A. 11...-e
-meyer. had met his dea;l> yesterday while playing
polo. This story was accompanied by another .hat
the firm of K. C. Potter & Co. were closing out
their ho dings of sugar. It subsequently trans- i
pired that Mr. Potter, while sus.aining serious in- j
jury, was s;ili alive, with good chances of recov
ery. Nevertheless sugar stock declined 1% to i
122",. . and closed at 12-*! i.
Some of the other special, tea were raided, not
ably Colorado Fuel and Iron and Tennessee Coal
and Iron, the former selling off 2»4 to 24^4 and
the latter 1 6/g to i.'2% on reports that the earnings j
Of boih companies were falling off 111 consequence ;
of dull trade. Consolidated Gas declined 2to 153 I
and recovered to 155. In the remainder of the !
list the los-es after an early advance of "/s® * per i
cent wer only i/ B to %. followed by a partial re- 1
covery in the late transactions. The declaration ]
01 the usual dividend by the Manhattan Elevated
directors, and the recommendation by the execu
tive committee 01 i lie Western Union to declare
the usual dividend on that stock, served to liold
these shares firm. The speculation closed barley
steady In ton 1 -.
Net cha ges show declines of i/i@li^ percent,
the latter in Tennessee Coal and Iron.
I Th" bond market was active and weak. The
transactions aggregated $1,035,01)0. . Chesapeake
and Ohio general 4wa fill 1 to 72, Iron Mountain
Co isolidatcd s's 23/ 8 to 77i 2. Kansas and Texas
Seconds 1 to 57. Ohio and southern firsts and 6's '£
10 86, Wisconsin Central s's (certificates) 1 to 34
and Northern Pacific firsts ■% to 117.
In Government bo ids *7500 coupon 4's of 1925
sold at 116%<5117; $4000 registered 4's of 1907 at
108@10SV*
(■rain.
■ FLOUR — Steady, fair demand; Winter
wheat, low grades, $1 7C@2 85: do fair to fancy,
92 4p@3 65; do patents, $3 7C@3 90: Minnesota
clears. $2 45@3 05: do straits, $2 95@3 55: do
patents. $3 4604 45: luw extras, $1 90@2 85; city
mills, $■; 05@4 l.">; do pateiiiH. *4 3Oi5 4 .*>.•>: rye
mixture. $2 f.o@3 20; Eiiperline, $1 ?s(&_' 20; tine,
$1 70@2 10. .-southern Hour, quiet; common to
extra, *2 lit (d,is 80; good to choice, $J 80@3 10.
Rye Hour, quiet, steady, at $2 40@2 80.
: COJSNMKAL— Quiet, stestdr; yellow Western,
f 2 ot@2 10: Brandywine, $2 15.
RV^-Kasler; Western, 41i/2@42c.
BARLEY— -Nominal: ungraded Western. 89® i
41c
I BAALKY MALI-Quiet; Western. 48@53c.
' WHEAT— Dull, lower with op. ions: Lo, b., 735/gC
to arrive; ungraded red, bs(s7sc; Mo. 1 Northern,
6fcs/ g c.
options were irregular and less active, closing
weak at ■.iig'Ji/gc decline on lower cable.-) foreign
te.'.in,-, weak West and local liquidation; July an 1
Septfrntx-r most active. .No. 2 red. June, 6Bi4c:
July. 651/8--: September, 64r>£c; December, 61.-''-* .
CORN — Dull, easier: -No. 2, 8: j @"S3V*c, ele
vator: 34@34Vic afloat.
Options were dull and weak at 14^3/gC decline
on easier cables, lower Wes. and local realizing,
bepteruoer and July most active; June. 83V8C:
Ju.y, 34Vb*. August, 34% c: September, 35Vs c : Oc
tober. 3i%c.
OATS— mil; easy.
Options dull, easier. June, 22 Vie; July, 22^4c
Spot prices: No. -'. 22*4<*: -0. 2 white, *sc:
No. 2 Chicago, 23^c: No. 3. 21% c: No. 3
white, '-}';.{■■. mixed Western. 23@'J*c; white
Western and white .-tate, 24Vi@i8Vic.
FEED ±4KAN— Unchangea, o6(<v6oc
MIDDLI.SU>>- Unchanged, 60<S66c.
, hVL- Unchanged: tVcu.t.Oc.
Pi'rovinloiis.
EF— Slow; steady; family, $8 60@9; extra
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhEELOCK & CO.,
•4 Leidesdorff St, Tel. Main 1954.
BRANCH OFFICK
6'J3 Mark,! St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
.1. S. PFBDY, Manager.
Orders lusutntiy executed on latest market quo-
■ ta-, ion;-.. Keterenc; Ist Nailo:ial Bank, S. I.
CIIICAOO. PP.IVAIE WIRE. NEW YORK.
mess. $6@7: beef hams, dull, $14 50: tlerced '
beef, quiet; city extra India mess, $11@ i
l' - cut meats, firm: pickled bellies, 12 pounds, j
4C:"do shoulders. 4ViC<£4.%c: do bams, 9i.4(g9*/4''.
LARD— DuII; low* Western steam, $4 40:
city, $4 05; September. $4 60. Refined, quiet,,
easy: continent, $4 70; South American, $6 15;
compound. f4(a!4V4.
PORK— steady: moderate demand; old mess,
$7 26@S 60: new mess, $8 76@9.
BUTTER— Fancy, steady, fairly active: State
dairy, 10®15c: do creamery. 11@15%C: Western
dairy, 80*11 V do creamery. liy a @l6%o: do
factory. Me; Elgins, 15% c; * Imitation
creamery, ll)@li'c.
CHEESE— Steady; fair demand. State large,
new, si/2@66/gc; do small, new, 4@7c: part skim, |
2(g;4y3C: full skims new, iy @2c.
j-.(ii,s— Quiet, easy; State and Pennsylvania,
13c: Western fresh, 11@12%c; do per case, $2@3. ;
TALLOW— city, 3 Vic: country 3ys@ !
314 c.
COTTONSEED OIL— DuU; steady; crude, 20c;
yellow prime. 20c: off grades, Use.
i-KTROLEUM— Steady.
RESIN-Quiet, steady; strained, common to
good, $1 721/2-
TURPENTINE— steady; 25yi@26c.
POTATOES— Steady, good demand; Southern,
7. r )c@s3 50: old, 75c@$l.
rick— Steady Domestic. iair to extra, !
3@ft%c.
MOLASSES— steady, quiet; New Orleans open
Kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Quiet; unchanged to 5 points up;
June, Sll 95; July, 11 56: August, $10 95: Sep
tember, $10 56@iO 60; spot Rio, dull, steady;
No. 7, 1314 c.
SUGAR— Raw, Steady, quiet: fair refining,
3 6-16 c; centrifueals, 96 test, 3 13-16 C. Refined,
quiet: standard A, 5 5-16 c; confectioners' 1
A, 4 15-16 c; cut loaf, 5 1116 c; crushed, I
6 11-16 c; powdered, 53/ ac; granulated, 5 l-16c;
cubes, 5 5-16 C
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B%<aiOc.
PEACHES— Peeled. %* to, 12@13c; do nnpeelea.
6y 2 @Be.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 6c.
RAISINS— loose Muscatel, SVi®
8 c; do three-crowu, 4@4i4c: do I'our-crowu, 4%
605 c: do London layers, 9Uc@sl; do clusters, j
$1 25@1 40.
HOi^S— steady; State common to choice,
2%980: Pacific coast. 2*,2@i7c.
WOOL— Moderate demand : steady; domestic
fleece, 15@21c; pulled, 15@33c: Texas, 7@l2c,
Merchandise.
' Pin IRON — Moderate demand; American,
*10 75iai3.
COPPER-Quiet, firm: lake. $11 40@ll 75.
LEAD— Steady: domestic. $3.
TIN -Easy: straits. *13 20@13 30.
PLATES— Quiet.
laPELTKK-Dull; domestic, $4 05@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, June 9. — The bull fever in
Wheat received further check this morning, in
fact, the easier tone which prevailed developed on
the curb last night and was primarily due to the
receipt of the Michigan State report. It was the
genuine, bona-fide report, and not a rumor like j
that circulated last week. It gave the condition i
as 77 percent, a falling off of 15 points from the !
last previous report, whereas the crowd had placed
th" condition in that State as 62 on last Friday.
This necessitated a change of front, and on the
selling which took place this morning prices iv
cedea about lc. Northwestern receipts were heavy
at 685 curs again st 666 last Tuesday and 277 a
year aao.
Chicago had 34 cars and inspected out 80,568
bushels. Liverpool cables were yi@%d lower.
Closing Continental cables were generally lower.
Immediately preceding and subsequent to the re
ceipt of Bradstreet's report giving the moderate
reduction of 1,782.000 bushels in the world's
stocks, the market dispayed Increased weakness
and prices fell aboir. lc below the early inside
figures. Export clearances were fair «t 350,448
bushels. July wheat opened from Co%@6oi/8C
declined to SSi/ifS.'iSSsc, where it closed, 2%c
under yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 15 cars.
CORN— Suffered depreciation on account of the
heavy receipts— ss3 cars— lower Liverpool cables,
»md in a general way through ihe influence of the
conditions attaching to the market. I'ne brilliant
prospects for the next crop and the known stocks
held back by farmers were omnipresent considera
tions. The weakness of wheat doubtless lent easi
ness to corn. Withdrawals from store were
230,703 bushels. Bradstree'ts reported a.i Increase
In Slocks of 847,000 bushels. Export clearances
were fair at 20U.445 bushels. July corn opened at
28c, sold between 28VsC and 27 3 /4.c, closing at
-7"V- i4?^B'i 4?^B' under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for 10-niorrow, 215 cars.
Continued to reflect the feeling of corn.
As in that market, the situation was adverse to
improvement in prices. Receipts were large at
484 cars and the crop outlook is promising, two
direct reasons for the lack of strength. With
drawals from store were 20)0 bushels. Expert
clearances were good at 1133,808 bushels. Brad
street's gave a decrease in stocks of 381,000 bush
els. July closed 8 c under ytsterday. i-slimaied j
receipts for 10-nioriow, 160 curs.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 8. @B(>y a c: July,bOy a c i
asked; September. 8iy 2 c. Receipts were 6 cars. ,
PROVISION*— Things were not so bright in the
hoe market this morning and product was per
ceptibly influenced by the fact. The tone of tile 1
market was weak and prices were lower. One 1
cause for depression was found in the dujl trade. |
It was only at times that any activity was seen
and then it was of an indifferent sort. At me !
close July pork and ribs were each 11! %C lower I
than yesterday and July lard 10c lower.
BUTTER— The market was steady to-day. The
receipts were fair and the demand was good. !
Prices unchanged. Creameries — Extras. 15c; ,
firsts, 14@141.4c: seconds, ll@13c; imitations,
fancy, ll(a)13c. Dairies— Extras, 13c; firsts, lie;
seconds, 9c. Ladles— Extras. 10@10y 2 c; firsls,
B%@9ya.c; packing stock, i-@B%c.
toOS— Offerings were large and the demand was
slow, and the easy feeling continued to prevail.
Fresh stock. !)@loc "0 cozen.
MONEY— \v as 6% on call and fK<37% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 60*: premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT- June. 58c: July, 5814@58%°: Sep
tember, 59c.
CORN— June. 27y B @27yic; July, 27 foe; Septem
ber, 28%@29c.
OATb— -my. 17% c; September, 18% c
PORK— July, $7 05; September, $7 .0.
LARD— JuIy, «4 17y 2 ; September, *4 32 V».
KIBB-July, $3771/2; September, $3 92%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111., June 9 -The ;
small supply of cattle on sale to-day was readily |
disposed of at firm prices. Offerings of hogs were i
large and the demand s'.ow. The feeling was weak j
and prices declined *@10c from yesterday. Sheep 1
were active and firm. Offerings were moderate :
and the Inquiry good. .. :. --
CATTLE — Receiuts. 2500. Fancy beeves, ;
$4 15@4 35: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $3 95@U 10; good to choice steers. 1200 i
to 1600 pounds. S3 70@4 00: medium steers, 1000
to ] 600 pounds. $3 60(«3 65: common to lair steers. i
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 30®3 45: feeders. !
800 to 1200 pounds. $3 40(§;3 75; cows and heifers,
extra. $3 20&3 75: cows, fair to choice. $2 VCf<S
3 10: cows, common to fair. $1 50r<z"2 10: Texas
grass steers, $2 40(5)3 10; Texas fed steers, «2 90
(g;3 80: Texas cows ana bulls. $•-• 10(lai2 95; milkers
ana springers, pel head, S2O085; common to
choice stocKen. $2 65@3 45: bulls, cnuice to extra.
$2 80(4)3 00: bulls, poor to cnoice, $2 00®2 75;
calves, good to choice. $4 60(&5 10; calves,
common to good. $3 25f54 6').
HOGS— Receipts, 20,000. Heavy packing: ana I
shipping lots, 93 10;<t3 40: common to choice 1
mixed. S3 10(ai > 46: choice assorted. $3 409 I
3 50, light, $3 *5@3 60; pigs, $2 60@3 60.
sliEtP— Heceipts. 10,000. Interior 10 cnoice,
$2(&4; lambs, 53&6 35.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. 111., June —The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day '
at the following prices: Apricots— Royal, $1 65@ j
2 fi liulf crate; seedlings, $1 55. Clyman, |
$1 551dil 75 V half crate: cherry. 80@95c. Cher- ',
ries— Itrul Anne, $1 28&1 55; Centennial. $1 25
■$ box. Peaches— Alexander. $1 30@l 70 tb box;
Garland, *1 30.
Porter Bros, Company sold at open auction to
day California fruit as follows: reaches— Alex- i
anders, $195. Apricots— Royals, 91 80; NewCas- |
ties. $180. Plums— Civ mans, $1 56. . Cherries—!
Royal Aiint-s, $1 35@1 50.
NSW YORK, N. 1  June 9.— Porter Bros. Com- i
pany sold at open auction to-day California fruit ;
as 'ollows: Cherries— loyal Anues. -66c@$3 90;
i Tartarian*, 60c@.$l 65; Republicans, 80c<a»,$l 30;
Centennials, 50c®91 20. Plums— Clymans. 70c@ '■
92 60: St. Catherines, *1 25; cherry, 35c@$l 2b.
Apricots— Royals. 91 35@2 BO; Gold Dust, $2 20:
Seedlings, $I@l 80. Peaches— Alexanders, $1 30
@1 85.
'ihe Ear! Fruit Company sold California fruit j
; at open auction to-day, realizing prices as follows:
: Apricots— Royals. $1 40@2 05 f>, half-crate. Plums '
— t.'lymaus, SI 3i«SJI 65. Peaches— Alexanders,
9! 05@l . 5 $ box. "Cherries— Royal Annes, 65c(S i
$1 50 * box: Black Tartarlans, 85c(ai 35 9 box; 1
some, in poor condition, 30@90c; Centennials, 65®
95c; Black Republicans, 6t>(a,Hoc.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on cnll easy at 1 %@2%: last loan at •£% '
and closing offered at '1%. Prime mercantile paper. i
4%@5%. Bar silver, 68V2C. Mexican dollars, :
B3Vsc.. Sterling Exchange is firmer, with actual :
business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% i
for sixty days and $4 88i/i@4 88% for demand.
Posted rates, $4 B£@4 89. Commercial bills,' I
$4. 8814@4 8634. Government bonds were steady;
otate bonds quiet: railroad bonds lower. Silver at
the board was steady.
CLOBINO STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 93 Norfolk & West rn. 434-
Atchlson '.. -14Vs' Preferred. .... 10 •
Preferred.... Northern Pacific. .. 38/.
Adams Express. ...l 47 ; Preferred 14%
Alton, Terre Haute (0 Northwestern. 104"? j
American Ex pressl 11 Preferred 148
AmerlcanToDacco. 65 N. Y. Central 957/ I
Preferred 97 N.Y.,Chicago<k-,.L. 12
Bay State Gas 27% Ist preferred 70
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17. '/d preferred...... 81
Brunswick Lands.. %N. Y. & N. H 176
Buffalo, Roch AP. 19 N. Y. & New Eng. 40% '
Canada Pacific..... 61% N. Y.'.'Husq & W... fi£ !
Canada Southern.. 49* ! 4j Preferred . 23% I
Canton Land 50% Ontario '..;. 12
Central Pacific 14% Ontario <fc Western 137/ 8
Ches.&Obio.. x 6 Oregon Improvmnt 1
Chicago Alton 167% Preferred
Preferred.. .......J7o Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago. B. A Q... 77 Ore.-on Short Line. 6
Clnca:o& E. 111... 41 iFaciflc Mall ....... 24% '
• ■ Preferred. 99 IPeorla, I). A Evans I%|
Chlcagolias.'. ...... 67%lPittsburir AW. ofd 15 I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
Clevn*: Plttsbnrg..l63 Pullman 1"H1ace....158V2 '
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver 1
Consolidated Ga5.. 155 Preferred. . 14
C. C. C. & St. Louis 33% Reading..... Hi/i
Preferred. ..../... 82 IRioGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 27%! Preferred......... 40
Preferred 100 Rock Island 693/ 8 i
Cotton Oil Cert 1 1% Rome Wat&Ogden.llft
Commercial Cable. 50 Ist. L. &S. W 3y, |
Del. Hudson .....125y 2 j Preferred 91,4;
Del. Westrn. 160 (St. Paul.. 76
Denver&R.G 12 I Preferred. 12t>3/i '
Preferred. 46% St. Paul & Duluth. 22
Distillers ...' 16V4 Preferred 85
General Electric... 32y 4 St Paul & Omaha. 42%
Erie 14 Preferred......... 124y 2
Preferred 341/2 P. M. * M...... 112
Fort Wayne........ 168 silver Certificates. 68 / i
Great Northern pfdllß Southern Pacific... 18%
Green Bay Vi Southern R.R..... B^s
Harlem. 295 . Preferred 28
Hocking Coal lVa "war Refinery ...,1223/g
Hocking Valley.... 161/4J Preferred 103%
Homestake. 32 Term. Coal & Iron. 22%
H. <fc Texas Cent... I Preferred ».. 90
Illinois Central 93 Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central 8 Tol.A. A. N.Mich.
Preferred 33 Tol. & Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas.. 10% Preferred. 70
Preferred .Louis& K.C. 5
Kingston t& Pern... 3 ! Preferred 6
Lake Erie* Westn 17%! Union Pacific 9
Preferred 70 U. P. Den & Gulf.. 3
Lake Shore 150 !U. S. Cordage...... sys
National Lead 24y 2 Preferred 9%
Preferred B"V | Guaranteed 19V*
Long Island ■ 76 I", S. Express 40
Louisville & Nash. 491/4 L. S. Leather 8 "-,4
Louisville Na&Ch 83/ 4 Preferred 6.2%
Preferred 19 U. S. Rubber 19
Manhattan Consol. lo*l4' Preferred 78
Memphis & Charls. 15 TTtica B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. S. L. A Pac. 6%
Michigan Central.. 95% ! Preferred 16%
Minn&S-L. '.-.- — Wells-Fargo 97
Preferred Western Union 85
Minn & St. L com. IB Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 76 Wheeling <fe L. E.. 9%
2d preferred .46 j Preferred 34
Missouri Pacific.. 22%' Am Cotton Oil pfd. 54%
Mobile* Ohio 19% W. U. Beef 7y 2
Nashville <fe Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 8
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred 22
N. J. Central 103% Brooklyn Traction. 24
North 4merican... 6 Erie 2d pfd 20
CLOSINO BONDS.
U 8 4s, registered.. 108 MX T 2ds 57
Do coupon.... 109% Do 4s 82
l: S 4s new, regstrdll6»4 Mutual Union 65... 114
Do 4s, coupon 11U%!N J Cent Gen ..1183,4
Do -fs 94% Northern Pac lsts.ll7
Do 5s 1123,41 Do2ds 114
bo ss, coupon 11"-% Do Ms 72
Cherokee 4s, 1896. Northwest Consols.l 37 .
Do 1897 100 Do deb 5s 108
Do 1898... 10!> OR & N lsts. 112%
Do 18S9 100 'StL&lrouMtGenss 77y 2
Pacific -is 0f '96.... St LA: S F Gen 65.1123/ 4 !
DC 3-65s 109 ; St Paul Consols.... 132
Ala Class A4s 106 St P C <fe Pa 15;5...H9
Do C. ass B 4, 53..10U Do Pac Cal lsts. .llo
Coiidol 4s 98 Southern R R 55... 9214
Missouri funding. Texas Pacific Isis. 85
N Carolina con 65.. 121 Texas Paciric Ms. . 20 Vi
Do 4s 104 Union Pac Ists '96.lo4V,
So Carolina 4V 5... 106 ! West Shore 4s 106V2
Term new 3s 83 -Mobile & Ohio 45.. 65% 1
Va funding debt... Grande West lsis 76
Do registered Ches 4 Ohio 6s 106%
Do deferred 6a... 5 Atchlson 4s 78"/»
Do trust rcpts st. 6 So'JdsA 40% j
Canada Son. h2ds..lO*y G II & SA6s 105
Ceu Pac lstsof '9s.lo3- Do"Jd7s 97y j
Den& RG Ist 11l H 4 Tex Cent 65. .109
Do4s 91V 8 Docon6s 101
Erie ids 64 Reading 4s. 781/8
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 6s 100
Ks Pa lsts Den a1v112%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
"WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno., June 9.— The spot market j
Is quiet at 6s s%d@ss 6 V 3 d. Cargoes weak at 26s
lu%d, sellers.
FUTURES.
Tne Produce Exchanee cableglves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
5s lyid; July, 5s lV*d; August, 6s lyid; Septem-
Der, 5s li4d: October, 6s lV±d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eng.. June 9.— Consols, 113%; sil- |
ver, 31 5-16; i; French Rentes, lOlf 96c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 881,4
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 4 89%
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12% I
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, 1* ounce — 68% j
Mexican Dollars 54% 55
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady at 265, usual
options. The chartered Wheat flee: In port has -a
registered tonnage of 29,000, against 90,500 tons j
on the same date in 1896; disengaged, 65,000 tons, '
against 10.000: on the way to this port, 235,200 !
tons, against 332,400.
WHEAT— 'I Gantock Rock takes for East
London 52,249 ctls, valued at $57,474.
The marKet Is weak and dull. There Is nothing ;
doing on shipping account. Futures bob up and
down after Chicago. No. 1, 98">/4,c@sl 01 V* %i eti;
caoice, 81 02y 2 ; lower grades, 95<ftJ»7i/3C; extra
choice for milling, $1 07%@l "5 $ cti. : <.• ,•
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, »9'»/4c; 300, 99c; 900, 98% c.
Rku. lak Mobnino Session— December— loo !
tons, 9S"^c: 100, 98»ii:; 600, 9«% c. seller ' 96,
new. storage paid— loo, 95 % c: 400, d6c.
Afternoon session — ..e^-.iuber — 200 tons,
98% c: 600, 98"</ 4 c, Seller '9A, M x, storage pa:d—
100, 96y 4 c.
BARLEY— Quotations show no change. There
is not much business. Feed, 70@"l"/ic ■$ ctl;
choice, 72y 2 @73%c; Brewing, 77V3fe86c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 2oo
tons, 70 Vie
Regular Morning Session— December— 2oo
tons, 70c: : 100, 70y 8 c; 200, 70S/ 8
AFTERNOON SESSION— IOO tons, 70% C.
OATS- Continue quiet. Even the regular local i
consumptive demand Is very slack. Muling quot- |
able at 85<g*87y 2 c V ctl: fancy Feed, 87%(&92y 3 ;
good to choice, 82i/ a (s£B7%c; common to lair, 75(al I
80c; <;ray, 80@85c; Surprise, {••_>], c(g!sl f CM.
CORN— Offerings are ample and the market is j
dull and not firm. Lnr^-e Yellow, 87%(S)9Uc; Small |
Round go, 97y->c; While, fcO(§#sc 'ft ctl.
RYE— Quiet at 75(01761,40 s». ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9Oc f etl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras, '
$3 75(a,3 85 ?-» bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65; ',
superfine, $2 76@3.
CORNMKAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 9 ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c: Rye Flour, 31,4 c; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn- [
rueal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal. I
3%c:'Oßt Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4(*4Vac; Buck- !
wheat Flour, 4C; Cracked Vvheat, 3y 2 c; Farina, I
4%c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Boiled Oats, 4 Vie;
Pearl Barley, 2 c; Split Peas, 4*> 4 c; Green do,
5"/4 Cl> lb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— SIS@I6 ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 6 50917 50 V ton for lower
grades and $18(al9 "f ton for the best.
FEE DSTUFFH— RoIIed Barley, $16@16 50; Oil- 1
cake Meal at the mill, $20 per ton; jobbing, $21 :
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 fp ton.
HAY— Receipts are moderate and the market is
steady. New Wheat quotable at f 8($10 50 f ton;
New Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 50 $ ton; new !
Oat, $7@B * ton: new Barley, $6 50fai7 50 f ,
tor. Olu Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat, fb@
11 50 V ion: Oat, $7@.9: Wheat and Oat. $8@11;
Barley, $7(<SB 50 V- ton; Clover, $6@7 50 ?, ton; i
Compressed Oat, $6 60@8; Compressed Wheat, $7
@10 50; stock, $t>(?.7 per ton.
STRA W-SSo(§)4oc f. bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- dull, with large offerings. Kayos,
90c@$l; Small Whites, $1 25@1 35: Pea, $1 2U@
1 30: Large Whites, 90c@fl ; Pink, 85@95c; Reds, |
25; Blackeye, 76: Red Kidney, nominal;
Lima*, $2 50@2 70: Butters, «1 40@i 60 for small ;
and $1 26@1 50 for large.
SEEDS— Quotations are largely nominal. Brown
Mustard,*] 60@2 'Js:Triesie,Jt?ra.'2 TO: Yellow Mus- ■■
tard, $1 40@l 50: Flax, $1 70@I 80; Canary, 2%c 1
"$ Ib; Alfalfa, 7%@9% * Ib; Rape, 2"/ 2 c|lS;
Hemp, 3y 2 c "P Ib. .
DRIEii PEAS— SI 25@1 40 f> ctl for Nlles and
$1 25®1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — New I otators, in sacks, 90c@ !
$1 10; new Early Rose In boxes from the River, ,
$I@l 26^ ctl: new Burbank Seedlings, -Tito 1 35; 1
Oregon Burbanks, 75^i90c: Early Hose. 60@S0c: i
Petbluma and Tomales, 65@76<: "ft ctl; Humboldt :
rbanks. 70@85c "j* ctl.
ONIONS— Cheap and and p entlful at 20@30c '§,
ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 666 boxes As
paragus. 147 boxes Rhubarb anil 377 sacks Peas.
- Hbubarb is out of demand. Beans am weak and
Summer Squash is lower and in increasing supply. ■
summer Squash. $1 «s@l 75 for fay nnd 600
f<Lifl y. box in small boxes; Egg Plant, 12y 2 c "¥ Ir> : '
Tomatoes, $I@l 75 "f> box: Cucumbers, 50c j
@1 V dozen; Asparagus, . f.Oc®sl IP box • for !
ordinary and.Sl2s@2 tor extra: Rhubarb, 60
(g.75r « box; Dried Peppers. 8@12%c: Green
Peppers. %l tt>; Green Peas, sOigt76c sack for
common and $I@l 26 for Gnrden; String Beans, .
5%7c "t>, tb; Horse Beans. 60c i» sack; Dried ■
otcra, 12i/ 2 c; Cabbage, 46@50c ~s. ctl; Garlic, 4(g>
5c V, Ib.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGtiS.
¥ BUTTER— Fancy grades are steady, but there is
no disposition to change prices.
Crkamkry— 14y 2 @lsc: seconds, 13@
14c •§ Ib. : - ."•■
Dairy— Fancy, 18@13%c; good to choice. 12®
12% c; lower grades. 11<§H1%c.
CHEESE— Weak and plentiful. Fancy mild new
Cy 2 c V Ib; common to good, 56i>6c; Cream Ched
dar. 9c: Young America, 7(&8c V Ib; Western, 10
Call.-; Eastern, 12@12y a c. .
EUGS— store are weak. Ranch are quoted firm.
Kastern Eggs. 10@12c t* dor.: store Kggs, ll@12c:
ranch Eggs, 13®15c: mick Eggs, 14@15c %4 doz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Hens, Geese. Ducks and Turkeys
are dull. Young slock Is lower and weak.
Another car of Eastern sold at 12@14c f. tb for |
Turk $3 50 fo rDucKs. $5 60@6 for Hens, $4 SO ■
<&5 for old Roosters and $3 for Broilers, j Live I
Turkeys, 12y 3 @l4cfor Gobblers.' ll@l2y2C for 1
Hens; Geese, $ pair, 7&c@sl 25; Ducks, $3 50(a4 j
for old and $3 sO@sfor jrOO&jh Hens, $3 50® i
«4 50: Roosters, voun?, $6 50@7; do, old, f4@
4 50: Fryers, $505 50: Broilers. * 3 50@4 for large j
and for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 «* doz
tor young hdg old.
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1745 boxes, selling at 65@75c for White, 75c@$l
% box for Black, and Hsc@sl for Royal Anne, j
Cherries in bulk, t Va«7V' 2c2 c *«> for Wh.te and 6@ ■
for Black and B(adc f or Royal Anne. The de
mand almost amounted to a scramble and the
trade look for sti 1 higher prices from now on.
Peaches. 50c@$l 25 f, box.
Plums, 75c@*l "% crate.
Cherry Plums. 40@tS5c $ box .„-»«„« si ho .
Red Apples. 76c<a*l V • box and 40@50c $ bas
ket; Green ipplesf 50@75c if box I . small and
*I@l 50 in large boxes and 30@50c basket. _
Green Pears, 50(*75c f» box and 25@35c * bas
tect " ■ - : "- ' ■ *' ■*-'-' '•■"• ' ■"
Royal Apricots, 60c@?l * b° x and 21^ c ** in
bulk. ' „__
BKRRIES-Recelpts of Strawberries were i 327
chests, selling at $B®ll * chest for Longworths
"GoS/^^i^'T* in bulk «or ordinary
and 4@sc <$ Ib in bulk for large. ,«,~»ir>t«-
Raspberries, $7(otlO f cuest,with larger receipts,
Newcastle Raspberries, $!<§>! 25 crate.
Blackberries, 51 25(0,1 75* c ate. _
Currants. $I@s "ji chest »nd some fancy goods go |
even higher. tJI !
CITRUS FRUITS— Stocks of Or nges are rapidly ,
being reduced and prices are firm. Limes are very
scarce. Le ons are steady. Oranges are quot ab '«
at $1 60@2 25 %» box for Seedlings, $3@4 ribs . tor
Navels, $1 75@2 60 for Malta Bloods and $1 oO(*
2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons,
1 50 for common and 9293 for good to choice,
Mexican Limes, ; California Limes. $1 > box.
Bananas, $l@2 9 bunch; Pineapples, $3@6 «4
dozen, j '
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Nothing going on whatever.
The following prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:,
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c * Ib for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4%c for evaporated;
Peaches, ij@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 6%@
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc #
Ib for fancy Moorpaik; Figs, black, 2%c for un- 1
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c f, Ib ;
for evaporated halves. 3%@«c V Ib for quarters: ;
Prunes, 3@3Vic; Plums, 3VaC # * for pitted and ,
lVa®2c for unfitted : Nectarines, 3V3WOC 4* Ib for
prime to choice and SV'» C for fnncy. .a,.-,,
Jobbing Prices— Evaporated Apples. 4@>4%c
* Ib: sun-dried, lV2<92c: Peaches. 3V @3c and Be
for fancy: peeled in boxes, 12V«c f* 1b: Prunes, 3% j
@4c for four sizes, 5c for 40@50's and 4V 2 c for 1
o@tiO's; Apric-.ts, 6%fi|9c for prime to choice, j
10ut.ll for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, BV2C: j
White Mgs,3<aoc: Pears, 8c 1* !b for evaporated
halves end 4@7%c for quarters; Plums, 3Va@4c
for pitted and I<&l%C for unpitted: Nectarines,
4@sc '#, n> for prime to choic?.
RAISINS AN I) DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 38/ic; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown,
2i/ 3 c %4 Ib; seedless Sultanas, 3V a @3%c; seedless
Muscatels, 2*4&84& c; 3 crown London layers, 70c
¥1 box; clusters, *135@1 50: Dehesa clusters,
*2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@'J 75: Dried
Grapes, > tti.
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown loose, 3%@4c; 3
crown, 3Vic "^ Ib; 2-crown, 2S/i@3c. Seedless sul
tanas, 4c V Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75f$90e; clusters, $1 60@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, 92 50; Imperial clusters, fa 75;
Dried Grapes, . •
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc 'f, tb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c f Ib for paper-shell, •
jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7V2C '? Ib for Langue- 1
doc and; 2 (a.10c lor paper-Shell, jobbing; Ppa- |
nuts, 5%@7c for Eastern and 4%®5 V2C for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9@lo- Ib: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 ?. 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c V tb for
bright ana B<&9c "p tb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5@5%c $ Ib: li^ht amber ex
tracted. 4'/4(a.i :i dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEESWAX-25@i7yj0 '$ lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are easy at the recent decline. Bacon and
Lard are unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Is quotable at 6c 1*
Ib for heavy, 7c f. Ib for light medium, 9c ? Ib for
light, 10c for extra lleht and 12c %l ID for augar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Ham.<, llc^ Ib; Cali
fornia Hams, 10c ■$ Ib: Mess Beef, $7 60©8: |
extra mess do, $8 50fa<9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, $8 50(g,9; extra clear, $14 f* bbl; I
mess, $12 f, bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c "$ tb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6V4C "c" tb |
for compound and 63/4 c6 3 /4 c for pure; pails 7"Ac; I
California tierces, si,ic tor compound >nd 6'4 C lor
pure: half-bbls, 6i4@6%c; 10-lb tins, 7yic; do
6-lb, 7% ~f 16.
COTTOLE.N in tierces and 68/*@7y c
"$ tb In 10-lb tins. ■
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Prices show no further
change. Heavy salted steers are quotable at
7<§,7%c "£ lb; culls and brands 6@6%c '?■ Ib:
medium, 6^6%c; culls and brands, s<gs%c; light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides, 5(a»5V2 c '. culls j
and brands, 4@iy»c: salted Kip, 6c %l Ib; salted
Calf, 7@Bc: salted Veal, 6c; dry Hides, I0%@llc:
culls and brands, B@B%c: dry Kipaud Veal, B@9c: :
culls. 7c: dry Calf, locs culls, 10c; Goatskins, j
20(ii>35c each; K.ds, be; iJeerskins. good bummer. ]
30c; medium. 15@25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep- !
skins, shearlings. 10(o:15e each: short wool. 2> (a> ;
;-(".r each: meaium. 40(g>60c each; long wools, 50®
60c each. Culls of all kind« about %c less.
TALLOW— .No. 1. rendered, 3i/4©3%0: No. 2,
3c; reflneJ. 5V2@5 3 /ic: (ireaae, SVsC "ft tli.
WOOL— l>eai«rs continue to report a neglected !
and demoralized market. Valley Oregon, 9@IOV2C;
no lower grades. B@9%c %* tb; Nevada, 6@»c; 1
ban Joaquin and isoutTitrn Coast, six months. 4(»6c; ;
San Joaquin, loothill, good to choice, 7Cg*Bc: San (
Joaquin, year's nVece, 4%(a6yac; northern free,
788c;do defective, s@t>%<: V tb.
HOPS— l%@3c V lb. '1 he market continues dead.
GKXEKAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Hues, spot. $4 25: June-
July delivery, $4 37%; San Quentln, f4 20; Wool
Bags, 24%@28%c-
COAL— Wellington. $8 "5! ton: New Wellington,
$8 V ton; th field Wellington. $7 50 "9 ton;
Seattle, $5@5 50; Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, *■» 50; |
Wallsond, $7: «cotcn, $7 50; BiyniDO. $7 50; i
Cumberland, $11@12 in bulk and $13@14 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg-.;, $11 oO; Welsh
Anihracite, $8: C'annel, $7 50: Hock Springs,
Castle Gate and P.easant Valley, #7 60: Coke,
.*1 ifo.l - in bulk and $18 r> ton in sks.
CANNED FRUITS— New pack of Cherries, black
or red— 3-lb extra. $2 60 1* dozen: 2%-tt> stand
ards, $1 65@'J; seconds, $1 55(g)l 85. \\ bite Cher
ries—3-tt> extra, if3@3 50; 2V 2 -1 d standards, $1 90r<$ j
2 25. Peaches— Yellow, free, gallon pie. $'.'@2 50; t
yellow cling, 21/2-lb Standards, $1 25@> 40: sec- I
onds, $1 10@l 30; gallon pie, *2®'j 50: white |
cling, 2Va-Ib.stuii(iarclß,- $1 25(jg1l 45. Apricots —
2%-lb pi", 7r@33c: call on pie, $2@2 26. drapes—
Gallon pie, $\.ts 'i 25. Raspberries— 2%-tt> stand- 1
ards, $1 Ss@l 80: seconds, $1 30@l 55. Straw- !
Derrles— standarJs, $1 35(gil 75; seconds, \
$1 ;;o@l 55.
C'Ai.NKD VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 80c ft i
dozen. 2VJrtb tins. Peas, $I@l 25 # dozen.
COFFEE— We quote the market dull at:
Costa kica— l9@2oy 2 c for good to prime; 18®
19c for good mixed with black beam; !(;%<$ 1
17"54 c for fair; 13V'a@>16%c for common to orui
nary.
Salvador— lß(ai9i/4c for good to prime washed;
17i/ @l7%c V U. for -.air. washed: 19%@20c for
good washed Beaberryi 17ys@17%c lor superior
nnwashed: 16 8 /4@l6ygC l'orkood get-en unwashed;
19@19iy-jc for good to prime unwashed penbtrry.
Guatemala and MEXICAN- 20%@21%c. for
prime to strictly prime washed; 19V4@£0c for |
goo.l to strictly good washed; 17%@>18%c for fair i
washed; 16©17ViC for medium; i4i4^>l6%cfor
ordinary; 1 Kail 4c for inferior to common; 20i/4@
21c for good to prime washed peaberry ; i9@l9Vac
for i.ood to prime unwashed peaberry.
FISU-Paclfic Cod, catch of 1895; 100- Ib cases
quotable at Be i* th: 50-Ib bundles, 6c V Ib; Si< ver.
King Strips, 8c f* Ib; Narrow-Gauge do, 7c V lb:
Tablets, 80 '?, Ib; Heabright Blocks, "y 3 c; Pacific
Herring. 18c t* box; Dutch do. *I(SH 25 IS keg:
White Fish, SI £0 in half-bbls and $1 75 in kits:
Tongues and sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
*30; No. 2, $26; No. 3, $24: haif-bbls— No. 1,
if 12 60: No. 'i, $11: No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1,52:
No. '-', $1 «0; No. 3, $1 50.
QUICKSII.VEH— Quoted for export at $3 @36
* flask. .
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
hols, 80c <j» gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bb's, boiled,' 48c: dn raw, 46c: cases, 5c
more; lard oil, extra winter strained, bbls, 55c:
No. 1, 45c; cases, 5c higher; China Nut, $4 60 @
$4 80 %i case.
PKTROLKUM AND' GASOLINE— The' Stan
dard Oil Company quotes as follows: Water-white
Coal 1 ill, in bulk, lii%c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 19c;
Astral, d , 19c; Htar, do. 19c; Extra Star Oil, in
cases, 28c; Elaine, do, 24c: Eocene, do, 21c;
Deoaori zed Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 14c; do, In
cases, ls»i/ c; 03° Deodorized Naphtha, in bulk,
ISc; 63° do, in cases, 18yac; 86° Gasoline, In bulk,
20c; 86° do, in cases. 26c $ gal.
WHITE LE,\D-Q toted at 6%c V Ib.
RED LEAD-Quoiable-at 6i/2<" ¥> lb.
TURPENTINE— In -cases, -42c; Iron barrels,
37c; wooden barrels, 39c i* gallon.
CANDLES-Granue Candles, 6s, 16 oz. are
quotable at 91/4 C; do, 14 oz, a c; do, 12 07., 7 ; 4i4 i ;
do. 10 oz, 7c: Electric Light Candles, 6s, lboz,
8c: do, 14 0z,7y 4 c; do, 12 07., 6y a c; do, 10 0/., |
6i/jjc; Parafline Wax Candies, white, Is, -'•». 4s, 6s I
and 12s. 14 07., 9c; assorted colors, same sizes, 10c. ;
LEAj HKK— Kxtra heavy Sole, Is quo. able at
I!6@j2Bc V lb: heavy Sole. 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for No. 2; medium Soli-, 24@Vi6c for No. ! and Site
%4 Ib for \o. 2. Light sole. i:3@24c for No. 1 and
20®22c 9 m ror No. 2; Harness, heavy, 30@36c: I
do, medium, 28c: do, light, '. 4@'2sc; liough j
Leather, 18@20c; Kips, $4(J@46 Calf, 70©
90c; Hough splits. 4@sc.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: » übe, Crushe.i, Powdered
and Crushed, all 6ygc; Dry Granulated, 6%c; j
Confectioners' A, 6Vsc: Magnolia a. 46/ so; Extra |
C, 4Vac: Golden C, 48/ 8 c; half-barrels, Vie more 1
than barrels, and boxes %c more.
' SYRUP— Uolden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
* gal. ■ ■' ______
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue weak and In ample supply. Beef
and Mutton are unchanged. Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows: .
BEKF— First quality, 5@5%c; second do, 4%@
4»4c: third do, 3"/ 2 @4c ~f, Ib. ■,
V EAL- Large, 6@6c; small, 6@7c $ lb.
MUTTON- Wethers, syi@6c: Ewes. 5%c "A tb.
i.AM Spring Lamb. 6<§ti%c ¥ lb.
POHK— Live Hogs, 3c t* Ib for large and 31/4 C
for small and medium; dressed do, 4@sVic 1* tb.
■'WOOD, LUMBER, TIES, ETC.
Posts, 9(§»10c each; Redwood, $5 V cord; Cak,
rough, $6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $575: Railroad
Ties. 35c a'Dlece'f for 6*B, 41c for 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9. . ' :h
'1 A.N RARK-ifH corn. .
LUMBER— Retail prices for pine are: No. 1
rough, $13@17 50 tor the d iff ere lengths; No. 2,
$11; No. 1 Flooring, $21@26; Lath, $2: Redwood,
16 for No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Rustic, *18@23;
Shingles, common, $1 00; shakes, $9 "8 M. - v ; ;
RJBCEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
»OK 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 19.0i3iCheese, : ctls .. 85
0reg0n........ .. B.B\!6JK?bs, d0z......... 18,820
Wheat, ctls, Or. . .I.72o Hides, n0......... 352
Barter, ctls 2,4oß felts, bd15.....:.. 180
Oats. Or, ct15..... 2. 423: W001, bis 97
Beans, ska ... 79» -Oregon... 138
Potatoes, it 5..... 1,591 Wine, gals 32,900
Oregon Le*ther, r0115.... 37 |
Onionsfaks. l,47l ! Quicksilver. flsks 64 1
Bran, l,BßsLirae, bb15.....;.. 81 |
0reg0n..:....... 670. Ta110w, cils 16
Middlings, sks... Lumber. M feel.. 20
nay. t0n5........ 31 9: Mustard Seed, sk 62.
Butter, ctls. 367 - .
«. ,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Cbollar was assessed 25c yesterday, and the
assessment broke the market all to smash. Cbol
lar went down like a plumbline from $3 85 to
$3 05, with thousands of shares thrown on the
market. Hale A Norcross dropped to $2 45,
Potosl to $1 55 and Best <fc Belcher to $ 1 40. The
rest of the stocks were demoralized in sympathy,
as will be seen.
After the board the market braced np and re
covurt-d some of the lost ground. Yellow Jacket
wiii especially strong, and sold up to 85c, with
large sales.
. The Uutchinson Sugar Plantation Company will
pay a monthly dividend of 25c per share on
the 20th.
The Spring Valley Water Company, San Jose
Watt-r Company and Pacific Gas Improvement
Company will each pay monthly dividends of 50e
per share to-day.
San Francisco Gas is now paying a dividend
of 35c.
Assessments Fending.
Following is a list 01 assessments now pending:
BOAItO MAI.KS.
rollowlne were the sale* in the . Saa FnnoOM
RtecjcPoerri vesferda--: -
KKOriAB MORNTNO MWRION rfIWITSCIirU 9:30. '
200 Alta... 21 (300 G AC... 1.60 P0t05i..1.70 I
ICiO Andes 49600 HAN... 2.95 250 1.75
9008e1cn«r...80 300 2.90400 Sava«.. 1.80
160 B A 1.561100 Justice. ..l2soo Scorplon..l2
600 Bodie 661300 Kentuck..o6VoU 8 ...1 15 j
500 8u11i0n. ..401260 Mxcan. 1.25 100 ...;.. "...1.20 !
200 Caleda.... 14 300 1.20 500 811 H1U....08
1000 Ch011r.3.65;i000ccidt1..1.6010« Uni0u. .1.20 .
160 CCA V... 3.05400 ;. 1.66 300 Utah 19 !
50 C0nn... .1.35200 0phir. . .2.15 600 V Jackt..69
250 C P0int... 70 200 2.10200 ... 70
600 Exchqr... 12700 0vrmn....40 t
• . AFTERNOON' SESSION— 2: 30.
300 AlDha 22 300 CCAV...2.90|650 0cc<11...1.55
200 Alta 21 100 Ch11n8e...60|200 0phir.... 2.00
900 Andes. ...4o 60 1 . 1.501100 1.95 I
200 4". 100 1.601200 Overman. 4l |
■150 41 500 Con 1m...03j(J50 40 :
200 Belcher... 700 C P0int... 701200 P0t051...1.«0 j
850 79 600 G A C. .1.401850 1.65 1
100 .......;. 81 500 HAiN... 2.55 950 Bavage..l.6O
150 B A 8.. 1.40 1200 ........2.60500 Utah 16
200 Bodie 65 400 2.461600 V Jckt....72
1100 8u11i0n. .37 MO Kentuck..o6Jloo 73
800 Ch011ar.3.16 «00 Mex... 1.10100 74
200 3.20 400 Occldtl.. 1.60'
following were u»« sales l! » the Paciao Stoak
tcard yesterday -.' ; •• -;•:.•;:
. KZnn.AR . sESsroK— lO'.Tl.
200 Aloha 241 50 CCV....2. 901300 Ophlrl.97Vt
400 Alta. 20400.... 2.85 100 Ovrmn..
100 Ande5.. . .501100 Conn ...1.40 300 .;... 40 I
250 49100 1%200 ~..:.39 '
100 .. .........47500 Crwn Pt...70|V;00 P0t0»1.72% ■
200 Belcner...Bl 100 fcxcnqr...l2 300 1.76
100 8*8.1.57 12400GAC...1.5512001 2 400GAC... 1.551200 1.77% I
100 . ..1.52>-«il00 1.60300 1.66 I
300 1.45 6DO HAN. ..2.86 400 1.60 j
100 Bodie -..65 250 2.80 100 15/g
100 Bullion... 10 100 2.76 300 1.65
WO 39 3"0 2.70 400 Savg. 1.77 V* I
300 .38 150 2.60 200 1.80
200 8u1wer... 37 SOU 2.66 100 I'B2L/?1 ' 82 L / ? |
Caled 14 300 Julia IV 100 1.76 i
1450 Ch011..3.76 600 Justice.. ..l 2 200 1.17%
100 ..3.85 1500 Kentck..o6 200 88AM....32
50 '."... 3.77 350 Mexnl.22y 2 50 8 Nv.1.72%
50 .. 3.80200 1.20200 .....;....1.1&
200 3.60 400 i- 11 ' 1 30 /a
WO ....3.55^50 1.15200 ..1.10
100 .'...* 3.60 300 Mono 07500 Hill ... 06
100 3.221/. 150 0cdd.... 1.651100 Dnln C..1.15 j
200 3.26750 1.60 200 li/g !
200 31/8 100 ..:.. 15/8 100 1.10
1000 3.10150 0phir.. .2. 15200 Utah .....16
WO 3.15 300 2Vs'2Oa V Jacket..67 >
200 3.30100 2.07 30 70
100 3.40300 2.05 72 I
200 C Imp ... .03*860 2.00100 69
AFTERNOON 1 SESSION— 2:3O.
100 A1ta...... 201 60CCV 27/ | a OO 0phir. ..2.15
200 ...... .....21 600 C Point... To 200 0vrmn....45
•200 Andes .45 *00 74200 43
•200 .. .. .42100 .....712 600P0t05... 1.60
100 '.'.'.... ..:...43200 Exciiqr...lO 200 ....16/s
200 Blchr 85 100 ...1.50 300 1.65 i
200 . . 87 500 .: 1.45 50 1.57 V* j
200 8A8.1.4V!%*00 1.42V2 150 1.75
250 1.401900 I.4v.:'Jt)o 1.72%
200 Bodie 68 HO HAN...2S 8avag...1.70
100 . ...69]100 2.e6500... 1.65
200 8u11i0n.. .58450 2.60100 1%
200 Bulwer...4oilOo 2.57% "00 1.60
lOOCaleda 13400 2.55 «00 1.75
100 dialing.. .s4 ! 2.52% 100 1.72% j
100 ....... 65ji00 2.601100 Scorplon..ll j
600Ch0nr,..3.15 1000 Kentucko6 300 S 8AM....24 I
850 3.201200 Mm.... 1.10200 23
100 3i.g 500 Mono 07 100 Ny lys '■
700 . . ....3.1U2000ccd....1.6U50051l Hi 11 ...06 !
50 3.25100 1.62%!^00 Un1n.1.07% ,
]00 3.401750 1.50100 1.10 !
300 ....33/ B '3oo 1.6&100 1.15 ;
200 .8.47V»y50 ..2.»I0i500 Utah 16 ,
800 :. 3.45300 2.02%j70U YJaokei..Bo i
60 .... 3.421/2 2800 2.05 209 71 ;
100 C0nn... .1.40 100' ....2i/ hOO 76
:iSO 1.60 100". ..-....• .210:100 81
100 1.66' 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 9—4 r. m. |
Bid.Askeii. JBtd.Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 21 22'Jalla 09 15
Alia. ......... 20 22;Justlce 11 12 ,
Andes 43 45Keiiiuck....... 07 OH i
helcner 88 90 Lady Wash.... 05 06 i
Best ABelcherl.4s Mexican ...... 1.20 1.26 j
Benton C0n.... 20 —M0n0...; — 08 \
80die.... 64 — ] Nevada Queen. — 06 •
Bullion.:. 37 $* Occidental. ...1.66 1.60 '
Bulwer 35 -Ophir ;. .. 2.10 2.15
Caledonia. 13 18 Overman.....;. 44 45 I
Chollar... 3.36 3.40 Potosl 1.70 1.75
C0n.Ca1.AVa.. 2.90 2.9sSavage 1.70 1.75
Challenge Con. 54 66Seorpioi , 12 13 j
Con. Imperial. 03 04 |Seg. Belcher. 22 23 i
Confidence.... 1.70 iSvndicatc. 04 05
Con New York — 10!>ilver Hi 11.... — OB
Crown Point... 74 76|sierra Nevada. 1.10 1.15
KastSierraNev — Union C0n..... 1.10 1.15
Exchequer.... 09 10 Utah 16 18
Gould A Curry. 1.46 1.50 Yellow Jacket. 79 80
Hate ANorcrs. 2.6o 2.65 .. ■
GOLD MINING .EXCHANGE.
1000 Amalle 2 601500 Lock wood Con.. 35
100 i 2 500 _ 36
100 « 2 60 Providence
100 •• 2 55 Bid ...60 00 l
Champion • -JOO Savannah - 40 j
Asked..... 26 00 100 ..- 41 !
800 Edna 30 100 42 |
100....... 31300 - 43
*00 200 44
200<5ranU 14 100;...... - 45
Kennedy 1 00 Sebastopol *8 ;
Bid 1000 200 ~ 49 j
A5ked....;.... 1200 400;...... - 60 i
Keystone. Thorpe
8id......... ;.660t Asked. 70 1
LOCAL SECUBITIKS.
Bid 2 Humboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Ironworks _ 90
Asked Ml Tuscarora Water ' jw
Bid 60 Spring Valley Water "no 9 !,??
Asked San Francisco Gas. »3 O'Vi |
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
' \%-: TUESDAY, June 9—2 P. U.
• ' •■ •'■ UNITED STATES BONDS.
, , Sid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
U5 45 c0up.. 1083,4 - U8 45reg..'.109% —
Do new !ssuelltJ%ll6%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
Cal-stCbleßs. - 113 |PacßollM6s. — -
Cal Elec LBs - 122% Do 2d Is 65.. . - —
CntraCW6s9s 97V* »' *O Ry 68.105 120 •
Dpnt-stex-cp*77 96 PAChRy6s. — 107
Fdsnl-*P6s - 2 Pwl-st RK6-. -.116%
F*CHhK6s. 1041/ a - Rfno.WLAL - 105
Oeary-stK6s. -.105 Kacto P A L. __ 102%
Losing L 6s. - 100 SFANPKSB.IOOV4 -
DoUnteed6s - 103 SPRKArizbs - 97
Mkl-stCble6sl23 - sPRRi «1 65.10a%11l
I)oltvCon6s..lo4 105 SPRRCaI 6s. — . • ■■ -
NatVln6slst 95 100 SPBrRCal6s. ; - 100
NevCXrfß-s. f«5 105 isVWate. «5..H9 119%
NPCKK6i.IO3 110 SVWater4«.. 98% n -
RvCal6s.lO2 105 StktnGAK6s - 100
NR;-c:alss. - 100 ISuns^TAT6s 100 ; -
Oak Gas 55.. 101 104%Sutter-stßsß.lo;y -
1)02d1565.. - 106 iVisaliaWCOs - 9i
Omnibus 05.118% — i :-.
. : WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 38»/ 4 ]San J05e..... - -
Murln C 0.... 50 — |S ( V alley 98% 99
GAS STOCKS. .
Capital. . .20 27 Pacific Lleht — 4714
Central...;... 95 — San i'rancaco 94% 94"/ 8
OakGLAH --■• 63 Stockton..... — 21%
PacGaslmp. 85% 86% ._ •
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl6s — |5un ".:...:.... 25 ; 60
r • f COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. , .. .
AmerBATC. - - LondonPAA.l3B%l3o
Anglo-Cal..;. 61»,4 - LondonASF. — 27%
BankofCal.. — • 242%Merch Ex... 12 , —
Cal S DATCo 55% 57% Nevada...... — — .
FirstNa.lonl.l7B lßJ%Sather B Co. — r-rv
G rangers;... — — . I ;■•',:■
.•" SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerSALCo. - ll»5 SavALoan.. — 100
HuiubSAL.lloo 1450 Security...... 250 »60
Mutua1....... — 40 Uniou Trust. 7os 800
6FsSavUnloii — 490 I
' .< STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. ;
California.... 108 110 .Oak SLAHay — 100
Geary-5t...... — ■■■ 65 Presidio..... 7 . —
Market-5t,... 4SV* 43% Sutter-st — —
/ . , "•."«'«■■ ' ■■', POWDER STOCKS. .
Atlantic p. .. — Giant C0n. . .-. 24 24%
Kastern D... — H-Va Judson D....' — ': —
Caliiornia.... 75 - IVlgorit. 60c 96c |
r :- , ... . MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 95 96"AiNat Vtn Co.. — — ■
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 24%
Cal Cot Mills — — PrcAuxFA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison L!ghtl2 Pac Roll Mill - —
Gascon Assn. — — |Parf PaintCo 6V4 7 %
Ger Lead Co. ,85 j — PacTr«usCo. — ■ 24
HawCASCo.. 20 J^ 21 Pac TAT Co. 55 70
Hutch SPCo 851% Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerEz Assn. 100 ' 110 | United C Co. — 25.
SALES UOKXI.V.* sUM[i)i
Board— 
2 Edison Light A Power Co. 120 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial 20 871/3
'26 Hutchinson 6 P Co.. ..;„- 2* 37%
60 do do .:... 25 25
92000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 118 76
'M S V GasliKht 94 50
40 do do.b3 94 50
5 V Water 9900
Street—
200 Hutchinson S P Co. 25 50
-BUMF Gaslight. 9450
$5000 S V 6% 80nd5.... 119 25
SALES— imtRNOOX .SESSION.
Board—
BO Edison Light A Power Co 121 50
26 Hutchinson 8 P Co «5 25
25 Market-st way...... 43 25
16SVWater 99 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
' COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
G Weldeman, lowa W Jacobion, Salt Lake
A J Lawther, Stockton A Lindbolm, Sacramento
H M Mitchell, Fresno H ay den, Fresno
H Barrows. Oregon E Downs, salem. Or
C E Berkshire, N V F C Pickle, Chico
P B Gallagher, Fresno J M Mathews, Oakland
W P Wagner A w, Sacto W Harkan, Petaltima
J Fogarty, Petaluma F Plumb. Oakland
0 J Joyce, Oregon P Kelly A w, Oregon
W Brophy, Stockton IE Post, Portland, Or
M L Gerbuck, Pomerov H Uertsomnn, Chehalls
G Gerbuck, Pomeroy Mrs Davidson A fam, Cal
H D Jones, Portland, Or J McCue, Portland. Or
C Terrls, Portland, Or H W Nelson, Oregon
X O'is'eil A fm, Mont Miss M Hagan, Mont
B 8 Hall Aw. Oregon C E Lewis, Portland, Or
L s Jones Aw, Alaska H H Krack, Walla Walla
Miss R Baker, Alaska T West Aw, Oregon
Mrs Wells, Los Angeles J M Early, Grizzly Bluff .
C Fish, Denver A D Moffat Eburne. B C
S B Fish, Denver Miss M Ward, Seattle
Mrs F. Kelly, Seattle Mrs A Valleen, Seattle
P Haynes, Stockton C B Howard A w, Victoria
G C iiaynes, Stockton Miss A Harder, Oregon
JM. Schofield, Merced Miss X Harder, Oregon
GRAND HOTEL.
S N Laughlin, Moss Ldg C F Burns, Cazadero
W F Knoz, Sacramento A Bannheim A wf, Sac
J P Yon Loehr A wf, NYC Brown, Alameda
LAMiddleton, Watsonvl J F Johnson Aw.Oakland
W B Gilbert, California M P Gleeson, Portland
J H Hunt, Santa Rosa C H Pearse, Oakland
C R Cady, Nevada P M Cady, Falmouth
T R JacksonAf.Redßluff F A Adair, Modoc
T G Asay. Fort Bragg Mrs J J Redmond, Eureka
Miss C nilmore, Eureka WW M Barnes, Portland
Mrs M B Orner. Indiana C W McLouth, New-York
Miss E Burnett, Eureka Mrs James, Portland
Miss James. Portland J A Adams, Napa
Miss A Holden,i>ewYorkL Hamilton, Angeles
Mrs Munroe, Angeles Miss E AMunroe, Angeles
W X TravisAwf, s Lake L MUler, Stockton
C A Mitchell, Stockton J R Cooper, st Louis
W J SimontonA w, N V A Smith, Los Angeles
T P Flint, Los Angeles Miss L B Willis, Selma
0 W Foot, Ilollister O X Rider A wf, Sac
B J Wood.Arroyo Grande V Wood. Arroyo Granae
J Hemmlngway.ChicagO N H Wilson, Merced
L U Grant, Salinas LJ Hamilton, Los Angeles
S Hirst, Vallejo B G Tbgnazzi, San Jose
J H Barker, Ukiah W P Thomas, Ukiah
W C Waters.Watsonvlile F J Mason, Newcastle
PALACE HOTEL.
J Elsele, New York J stern, Rio Vista
Wm Shannon. N V Miss Shannon, N V
H Kelsey, New York J B Peakes. Stockton
E Strouss, Chicago J Eisendratb, Chicago
W B Peck, Chicago C B Fernald, New York
Mrs F L Fernald, NY G T Ferguson Aw, N V
W Rosenberg Aw, Cal E Ermeier, Germany
J Dunliar, Ceylon Mr Marcel A w, Havre
D B Hall Aw, England F H Short. Fresno
W F Hester A w, N V W T Hughes. U S N
W H AUerdice, U S N F H McCnllough, La Gat
F II Hayes. Chicago Miss Wolfeustein, Ohio
Leo Woifenstein, Ohio J W Daniel Jr. Lynch
Chas Wier, Los Angeles 8 T Clulow, New York
W L Woodrow, San Jose J \V Donnellan, Utah
W C Beanie Aw, Oakld J N Lurk, San Jose
LICK HOUSK.
J M Wilmans, Newman A H Ashley, Stockton
W J Hillman. Cal J .McCallan. Eureka
Hon F McUowan, Eureka W R Couthers, S:a Rosa
F D J Rice, Cal W H McMinn, San Jose
W F A bbs, Chicago O Standart A w, Cal
H J Leweiling.St Helena J .\ White. Marysville
1 I. Delano, Kocklin Miss Standart, Cal
E D Eaton. Cal . Mrs R A Fowndrow. Cal
Wm T Kiillin, San Jose Mrs C Hamilton. Cal
A Gonzalez, Gonzalez D A Starr, Marvsvilio
GE B Moore, Yu ha City A P Eden, Portland
Mrs J C White, Chicago J Grovner, Sacramento
A E stone A w, Cal Miss Stow, College Park
T E Farrar, Portland C D Morris, Modesto -
H Giles, NY J B Hillman.Santa Clara
P C McFarland, Redding Arthur Kline, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W T Bedell. NY J L Beard, Centerville
J T Sullivan, NY N Long, N V
L R Stockwell. NY W G Beach, N V
F Banber, Sacramento J G Crouch. Red Bluff
J sinsheims, NY M Hunter, N V
B C Holly. Valiejo E W Hale, Sacramento
J M Smith. Sacramento W Sampson, N V
H Bereman, St Louis F Williams A w, Cal
C J Straller A w. Vallejo P E Gordon, Chicago
H W Helss. NY H J Lewis. Stockton
R Lanson A w, Stockton 11 i,achmao, Elmira"
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss R Ward. Portland Miss G H Williams, Or
C X Bother. Whisky Bar W R Hamilton, Portlnd
H Harris, Portland W H Raymond, Detroit
A Hackett, Alameda C J Hasman, Elk Grove
W Brush. Eureka E H Peabody, Portland
C L Peabody. Portland Mrs E J Peabody, Or
A Peabody, Portland
.■m ♦ »
Persons who suffer from sleeplessness
may try various simple remedies with
more or less success, unless their insomnia
is due to such a deranged condition of
nerves as requires a doctor's care. Warmtn
is an admirable aid to drowsiness, and a
glass of boiling milk or of hot lemonade or
cocoa is an excellent bedtime drink.
THE CALL CALENDAR
OCEAN STEAMERS
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
. C. R. Coast axd Gkodbtto Survey Tina 1 *
BtTIXKTIN PdBLHHRD BY OFFICIAL >
AUTHORITY OF THJE SUPBBISTKSDMT. J
Wednesday June 10.
Sunrises 4.46. M00n rises... 8.38 am
Sunsets 7331 Moon seta....'..'.
>ote— ln the aoove exposition of the tides the
•arty morniuc tides are given in the left hand
column, aud the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
coiumn Rives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
ehi-rrs. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractire
from the depth £i_yen by i he charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hydrosraphic Officb, U. S. N., "|
M KUCHA NTH' r XOHASOE. -
San Fpaxcisco .Tune 9. 1896. )
The time ball oti Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the l'JOth
meridian, ar exactly at 8 p. m., ({reenwich time.
A. F. i'ZCHTKT.KR..
Lieutenant U. S. N. 1" chiiry;e.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
TUESDAY. June 9.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 16 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goortali. Perkins it Co.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, 42 hours from Coon
Bar: pass and mrtse. to .f 1) Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson. 11 Hours from Point
Arena': 7018 r ties, to L E White .Lumber Co.
Stmr Rival. .Johnson. 14 hours from Fort
Bragg: lumber, to Samuel Blair.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 17 hours from Uial;
250 M ft lumber, to Usal Redwood Lumber Co.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 46 hours from Ven
tura: oil, to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. 62 hours from Victoria;
pass and incise, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
ytmr Bonlta, Downing, 70 hours from San
Diego and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins
&Co.
Hare Coloma, Noyes, 61 days from Hongkong;
mdse. to S L Jones <t Co. •
schr Lucy, Peterson, 12 days from Port Gamble;
400 M ft lumber, to Pope <fc Talbot.
schr Coquelle, Pearson, 5 days from Coquille
River: 170 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Returned.
.: •; TUESDAY, June 9.
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, hence June 6, for Herscoal
Island, returned on account of C;»pt J N Knowles
being sick. He was a passenger on boar.l.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, June 9.
Ship Alex Gibson, Hodgman. Port Blakeley;
Renton. Holmes A Co.
Bark Oregon, Parker, Nanalmo; John Kosen
feld's sons.
Nic bktn Sharpshooter, Kustel, Maryborough;
Williams, Brown & Co. ■■•"-.:
Brig J D spreckela, Christiansen, Hahnkona;
J D Spreckels A Bros Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, June 9.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson.
Slmr Weeott, Whitney, Eel River.
Ship Alex Gibson, Hodgman, Port BlafceleT.
ship Samaria, Mousen, Puget Sound.
Snip John C Potter, Meyer, Departure Bay.
Baric Oregon, Parker Nanaimo.
>i> bark Sharpshooter, Kustel, Maryborough.
Brig J D Sprockets, Christiansen, Manukona.
Schr Sadie, Smith, Umpqua.
Charter*.
The Br bark Doon loads wheat or lumber for
Australia, lump sum: schr Helen N Klmb.ill, mdse
for Honolulu: schr Mary Dodge, mdse for Kahtt
lui: bktn K.'ikittu, lumber at Port Gamble for
Honolulu; bktn Quickstep, lumber on the Sound
for Tientsin 555, Shanghai 60s: ship Samaria, coal
at Puget Sound for this port.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBO9, Jane 9-10 P. M.— Weather,
hazy: wind NW; velocity, 30 miles.
Spoken.
May I— Lat 44 N, long 21 W. Br ship Phllo
mene, from Oregon, tor Qneenstown.
June s— Lat 51 N, long 13 W, Br ship Kilmory,
from Puget Sound, for Qaeenstown.
Domestic Ports.
UMPQUA— Arrived June 6-Schr Lily, henco
May 28. June B— Scbr Louisa, from San Pedro.
USAL— bailed June B— Stmr Newsboy, for Han
Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jane 9-Chil baric
Sulltelma. from Port Tow mend.
VENTURA— Arrived June 9— Sohr Eclipse, frm
Eureka.
KEDONDO— SaUed June Bktn Portland, for
Portland. . - -•.-..■
BOWKNS LANDING— SaiIed June 9-Schr Cor
inthian, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— June Schr W S Phelps
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 9— Stmr Arcata, hue
June 5; stmr Columbia, hence June 7.
Sailed June 9— Ship Tillie E Starbcck, for Hono
lulu.
EUREKA- Arrived June B-Htmr Faraiion, frm
Yaquina Bay, for San Francisco.
Hailed June 9— Schr John A and stmr Faraiion,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Jane 9— Stmr Lakme, for San
Pedro.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived June 9— Br ship Carra
dale. from Newcastle, NSW; schr Jennie Stella,
from Redondo.
Sailed June 9— Br ship Metropolis: schr Joseph
Russ, for Olympla; schr Sequoia, for Port Had
lock.
Foreign Port*.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Jane 3— Rob
ert Sudden, for Honolulu.
ENSENADA— saiIed June 9— Stmr Coos Bay,
for San Francisco.
CARDIFF— June B— Br ship Mohan, fm
Oregon.
— Arrived June 7— Br ship Osborne, hnce
Jan 23.
HAMBURG— Arrived June B— Ger ship Vasce
de Gam a. from Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived June 7-Br ship Flint
shire, hence Jan 9; lir bark Powys Castle, from
Oregon ; Ger bark Edith, from Oregon. June 8—
Br ship Andreta, from Oregon, and sailed lor Ham
burg.
FALMOUTH— June B— Br bark Anal*
ree, from Oregon.
Sailed June B— Dan ship Copeley, for Stockton;
Br ship Bannockbnrn, for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 7— Br stmr China,
hence May 20.
HONGKONG— SaiIed June 7— Stmr City of Pek
inc, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed June Brship La Esco
cesa, for Puget Sound.
PANAMA— SaiIed Jane 6— Stmr Newport, for
San Francisco.
Importation*.
VICTORIA— Per Umatilla-l bK coin, 1 pkg
express. ■.;■;>:
Port.Townsend— 3 cs clothing, 1011 kegs nails, 8
pkgs mdse, 1 sk coin.
Seattle via (i N X R— 1 bx signs, 3 bxs dress
steels, 2 bxs 1 crate engine.
Seattle— 99s tons coal, 166 sks bones, 10 pkgs
copper, *3 pkgs iron, 17 pkgs brass, 16 cs smoked
meats, 10 bzs smoked fish, 80 bxs 1 car fish, 1
cargo block, .'i bags coin, 25 cs clams, 120 bdls
hides, 1 pkg harness, 21 bdls deerskins, 1 piano, 4
bxs soap, 1 cs clothing, 4 bbls wine, 6 tubs batter,
7 pkgs mdse, 3- cs shoes, 1 ° bale I cs dry goods,
4295 sks oats.
Tacoma west of Fargo— l36 bales excelsior, 1 bl«
overalls, 497 sks flax, 3 cs canned goods, 1383 sks
wheat, 1416 sks flour.
Ana cones— lß4 bdls codfish, 1 pkg mdse, 1 cs
hats.
New Whatcom-199 bdls hides, 1 bbl 1 bx bak
inz powder.
Everett— 23s bdls paper, 226 rolls paper, 600
bdls snooks, 2500 sets nails, 700 bars bullion.
Tacoma— l bxd piano, 1 bx pictures, 610 sks
wheat, 5 cs telegraph material, 40 pkgs hardware,
3 pkgs castings.
N P R R via Vancouver— 5 bxs hardware, 1 bz
tin, 6 iron bells, 7 pkgs mdse.
Vancouver— 7 bdls skins, Ibx pictures, 1 pkg
mdse.
C PR R via Vancouver— l cs machinery, 1 bxd
pump and fittings. 337 cs boots and shoes, 60 cs
tobacco, 30 bxs raisins. 1 bx maple sugar, 1 cs
mdse, 447 bdls hides, 335 cs whisky, 1 en signs, 1
bz advertising matter, 20 cs cigarettes, 1 cs wooden
names, 16 bxs pianos, 4 cs caps, 1 cs knit goods, 4
hosiery, 24 cs hats -
SAN DIEGO— Per Bonlta— X cs giant caps and
fuse.
Santa Cruz Island— 7 bdls pelts, 1 pkg mdse, 3
hf-bxs butter. 1104 sheep.
jjompoc— 27 cs honey, 6 nails 102 bxs butter, 464
sks mustard, 18 sks beans, 167 hogs, 68 pkgs
mdse.
Santa Maria— 6s hogs.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2 pkgs mdse, 1 cs
hardware, 1 pkft springs. \ bdl saws, 1 cs boots and
shoes, 188 M shingles, 1 bdl furs, 2 bbls mineral
water, 1 bicycle, 1 cs clothing, 1 cs guns, 82 bxs
butter, 1 bx patterns, 9 pegs express, 1 S* coin.
E R and & R R— 1 pkg springs, 49 tabs 170 bzs
butter, 9 cs 2 bbls cider, 1 bdl scoops.
Rohnervllle— l46 sks potatoes.
MARSH FIELD— Per Truckee— 246 tons coal. 2
pkgs fishplates, 4 chsts tools, 1 pkg hides, 121 bxs
batter, 1 bx shoes, 1 bx wax, 6 dry hides.
Empire— 63 cds matchwood, 90 sks potatoes, 23
sks bark.
Consignees.
Per Umatllla— SawyerTannlng Co: Herman A
Co; Geo Hermann; Gardiner * Thornley: Siebe,
Grauville A Co: Cahn, Nickelsburg <& Co; P Ber
win & Bros; American Tobacco Co; Tries t A Co:
Murphy, Grant <fc Co; Sachs Bros; Welch A Co: W
Wolff & Co; Sherman, Clay <fe Co; BisslngerA Co;
Buckingham Hecht A Co; Main & Winchester; A
1 Schilling & Co; American Biscuit Co; Evarett Box
Factory: C E Whitney A Co; Wells, Fargo * Co: '
Stange A Janicke; ' Wleland Brewing Co; W M
Wertheimer Co; Puget Sound Wire and Nail
Co: Blake, Moffitt ATowne; Pioneer Roll Paper
Co; SlauiTer A Co; Selby Smelting and Lead Co; W
G Richardson; Sunset Telegrapn and Telephone
Co: Heistand, Warner A Co; Allen A Lewis; Win
Cronan; C J Leist A Co: Coburn, Tevls A Co; G W
Howard; Grangers' Business Assn: H Dutard; E E
George Shoe Co: • Henderson Woolen-mills: AH
Chapln; J Striefwater: C F Marnedel; California
Coal and Grain Co: Hawleyßros: Kahn Bros A
Co; Amer CarD Acid A Gas Co; W B Sumner A Co:
J Parlsch: California Wine Assn; C M Mann; L R
Leonard; J Kverding A Co; Loburu. Tevls A Co;
WTGarrett A Co: Italian-Swiss Colony: Pacific
Butchers Supply Co; Grannucol Bros; Burnstein
Bros: J X Arrasby A Co: Ed Lamphier; Duff A
Co; Bros A Co : Fredericksburg Brewery; X
M Wright: - American Union Fish Co; Pioneer
Fish Co: Milani A Co; G Camlllonl A Co: Oregon
Imp Co; A Paladini: W.G Hintoii: J R Turner: M
J Dooliu; E W Tucker A Co; George Young: J D
French: Geo Hermann.
Per Bonita— California Powder Works: Justine
Cair.-; Geo Morrow A Co; Santa Cruz Island Co;
E R Hills: W O Stafford: Holt Bros; Hills Bros;
Wifl.*nd Brewing Co; Standard Oil Co: ' Central
Soda Water Co: C Carpy A Co: National Brewery ;
A P Ho:alir.g A Co: Ca! Bottling Co: Bauer Bros;
Wilson A Baechtel; Brigham, Hoppe A Co: sherry,
A villa ACo; Shea, Eocqueraz A Co; HDutard; 8
p Milling Co- Schweitzer A Co; Buffalo Brewery;
Le Count Bros; Kauer Bros; W C Price A Co: Fred
stulz- Wilson A Baechtel; Wheaton, Breon A Co;
CE Whitney 'A Co; llllmer. Bredhoff A schulz: A
Failles: Dairymen's Union; Dodge. Sweeney ACo;
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
KowalskyACo; ER Stevens Co; Hills Bros:
G< Per Trockee-J D Spreckels A Bros Co; Beaver
Hill Coal Co; Hulme A Hart; C X Whitney A Co;
is Bros; Standard Oil Co; Wellman. Peck A U. ;
Dave Rudee: Thomas Lougaran: Metropolitan
Match Co; Geo Stnrr A Co.
Per Pomona— Brown A Adams; Al Roberts: (t
w Simpson: California saw Works. F W Cad well;
Baker A Hamilton; : Cahn, Nickelsburg A Co; G A
J Davis- Dodge, Sweeney ACo: Dairymen's Union;
Overland Freight and Transfer Co: F B Kaight ; I
Rasbky • Norton, Teller A Co: Vr ells,Far?o A Co;
Chas Cavanaush: Humboldt Mineral Water Co;
Hi bo ml a Brewery: Pacific Rolling Mills: Com
mercial Transfer 'Co; HUmer. Bredhoff ASchu!«;
ban Francisco Breweries; Hawley Bros; C Pal
tr€lla; Wheaton, Breon A Co; Wolf A Son.IT HIS TUMBLED
INTO THE LAKE.
Explanation of a Crash
Heard at Night Near
Lake Merritt.
END OF MUIR'S CASTLE.
Teredos Accomplish the Ruin
of an Early Oakland
Landmark.
SAVED THE COUNCIL WOBK.
For Nearly a Generation the "Oyster
Bed" Has Been a Scene of
Gayety.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 9. j
The "Oyster Bed" has saved the Street
Superintendent a big job. It has fallen
into Lake Merritt, and no doubt within a
few weeks it will be carried off by small
boys in small boats and used for kindling
wood.
Kverybody in Oakland and thousands
who are out of itjknow the "Oyster Bed."
At a recent session of the City Council the
Street Superintendent was authorized to
remove the old scowhouse, as it was upon
city land. As there were other duties
mo:e pressing, Mr. Miller has not yet car
rier out the order. It is well he did not,,
lor a few dollars has been saved to the
c"..y
1 ate last night there was a crash in the
ne.ghborhood of Lake Merritt. Many un
canny stories have been told of revels on
tbe borders of the lake in the days when
Oakland was young, and no one cared
about investigating 6trange noises in the
dark.
Yesterday morning the myßtery was ex
plained. The old resort, a kind of Malson
Dore a decade ago, had collapsed. The
deck of the old scow on which it was built
had given way, and the wreck was com
plete.
The old scowhouse is one of the best
know places in the city to old-timers. It
was erected over twenty years ago, when
the First and Seventh street trestles were
drawbridges. At that time Barclay Muir
purchased an old barge in the estuary and
towed it up to the Twelfth-street dam. He
anchored it there and built a home on it.
At that time there were extensive oyster
beds in that neighborhood, and Mr. Muir
called his floating castle the "Oyster
Bed."
Mnir opened a restaurant and did a
There was a heavy crash In the neighborhood of Lake Mcrritt last Monday
night. Yesterday morning It was discovered that the historic "oyster bed" that
was a bone of contention between Captain Muir and old Dr. Merritt had fallen
into the lake.
thriving business. Many gay Oakianders
who are now gray-haired men and women
can now look back with varied feelings to
the many entertainments they had at
Muir's.
The proprietor built his house so as to
give it the appearance of a steamboat
cabin. There is a gangway all around it
and a dancing roof-garden over all. A
railing runs all around and remnants of it
are still to be found.
Old Dr. Merritt and the elder Edson
Adams had several tiffs with Muir regard
ing the possession of the land on which
the scow ultimately floated, and mean
time it was taken into the courts, but
Muir was not ousted.
Mr. Muir is now in Sacramento and
leased the place some years ago. He does
not intend to be dispossessed of the land
without a lawsuit. He has often said to
his children: "I floated that barge there
under an American flag, and I propose it
shall stay there till 1 get ready to re
move it."
An examination of the foundation of the
scow to-day showed that the teredo had
eaten into the timbers till not enough was
left to support the house.
WIFE'S RIGHT TO CHOOSE.
Judge Ogden Differs From "Heaven at
. Hand Army" Doctrine.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 9.— Judge Og
den granted Luella McKenley a divorce
from "Major" Edward D. McKenley of the
"Heaven at Hand Army" to-day, and
awarded her the custody of the two chil
dren.
The "Major" took the stand and related
his woes to the court, and from a diagram
he drew explained how he left his home
and went to live in the dumps near the
barracks of the "Heaven at Hand Army"
because he had been converted to the
belief advocated by the organization and
because his wife refused to accompany
him to the rendezvous of the army. The
defendant referred to the Savior, whom he
characterized as "the Nazarene. '
In giving judgment the court said:
"I deem it unreasonable fora man to
force his own religious views on his witeor
his children. I believe a man has a right
to worship a« he feels disposed to worship.
I feel that be should jjive'the same liberty
to his wife. But to have Loth husband
and wife of the same niinJ would be
preferable. It would be a symbol of per
fect harmony. But if the wife cannot see
along the Bame line that you do she should
not be coerced. I do not think that you
were justified in taking your wife and
children into the place where you proposed
to take them. You sought to bring them
down to the level of the sea, where sewers
emptied into the water. You wanted to
separate your wife and children from their
friends. You wanted them to undergo a
feeling of repugnance while you were ena
bled to be near the place in whicn you
wanted to and in which you liked to work.' '
ST. MARY'S ALUMNI.
New Board of Officers Elected at the
Annual Meeting— A Housing
Banquet.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 9.— The annual
election of officers of St. Mary's College
Alumni Association was held at the col
lege last week and the following officers
were elected: Frank J. Kierce, class of
'£2, president; Stephen L. Sullivan, class
of ' 93, vice-president; John E. Richards,
class of '87, secretary ; Edward R. Myrick,
class of '81, treasurer. These officers, with
T. C. Coughlin '93, Hugh J. Mclsaac '96
and Joseph L. Taaffe '96. constitute the
board of directors of the association.
The annual alumni banquet was held In
Conservatory Hall of the Palace Hotel on
the 2d inst. Quite a large' gathering of
the graduates were present and an enjoy
able evening was passed. Toasts were
made by the following : "The Alumni of
St. Mary's," F. J. Kierce '82; "Our Alma
Mater," Frank J. Murasky '83: "What
We Were," John E. Richards '87; "Our
College Days," Stephen L. Sullivan '93;
"Our Commercial Men," Colonel J. C.
O'Connor '77; "Our State," John T. Greany
'80; "Our Future," Peter W. McGlade 'Bß;
"The Class of '96," Hugh J. Mclsaac '96.
The quartet of the class of '96, consisting
of John L. Jaunet, Henry J. Swords,
Joseph L. Taaffe and J. Henry Long, sang
several selections during the evening.
MORE AT SEA THAN EVER
Much Uncertainty Regarding the
Fate of Contested Demo
cratic Seats.
Fitzgerald Refuses to Reccgnize the
Executive Committee and Waits
for Sacramento.
Oakland Office San Feancispo Call,)
908 Broadway, June 9. )
The war among the Democrats will wax
warmer each day until the matter is placed
in the hands of the credential committee
at Sacramento.
The affidavit-mill is at work and there
will be a small library to place before the
committee. The earnestness with which
both sides are working to support their
contentions would cause one to believe
that they labored under the belief that the
contest is to be decided on its merits.
Great anxiety is shown regarding the
appointment of chairman of the State
Convention. R. M. Fitzgerald will not ap
pear on Saturday night to contest the dele
gate from the Third Ward, but will do
nothing till he gets to Sacramento. It is
a disappointment to the Alamede contest
ing delegation that Frank Gould is turned
down for chairman, as it was believed that
he would favor the contestants.
R. M. Fitzgerald does not recognize the
right of the executive committee to act.
He says:
"In reference to the action of the
executive committee last night, I have
never received a line or notice,
nor has McDonald, that a protest
has been filed regarding his election, or
that the matter was to come up before
that body. The executive committee has
no more right to canvass the result of the
primaries and to pass on protests than the
Czar of Russia.
"The call for the primary nowhere re
fers anything to the executive committee,
yet they have assumed to run the whole
election. The part of the call referring to
the county committee says: 'The election
officers shail report the names of the can
didates and the votes each received and
the chairman and secretary of the county
committee, who shall furnish them with
the proper credentials.' "
"Yet in the face of that tne executive
committee was called together, and for
what purpose? To back up the chairman
in saying that he would not issue creden
tials to a delegate opposed to him. In my
opinion it is tne duty of the chairman and
secretary to issue certificates to those dele
gates who were ceriitied to as having the
majority of the votes cast in their district.
"I do not propose to go before an execu
tive committee which has no authority
and waste my time, but I shall make a
contest before the State Convention and
am confident that I wiil win."
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda Comity Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call, \
908 Broadway, June 9. j
Mrs. Edward Gilligan, mother of Edward F.
Gilligan, the well-known Democratic politi
cian, who had charge of the t'ounty Jail dui
ing ex-Sheriff McKillican's term, is dead.
Thedecree of distribution of the estate of the
late Joseph Macdonough, owner of the Mac
donough Theater, who died in San Francisco
two years ago, was placed on record this morn
ing.
The local State banks have received the cir
cular from the Board of State Bank Examin
ers asking for a showinc as to the condition ot
the banks on March 2. The request was based
on the demand of Governor Budd.
Grace Baker, a 15-year-old Kill, living at 607
Mission street, San Francisco, ran away from
home this morning and it is thought she carve
to Oakland on the 2 o'clock ferry with an un
known woman.
United Citizens.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 9.— A number of
citizens residing east of Broadway and
west of the lake have made donations to
the fund w-hich the West Oakland Im
provement Club is raising to pay for the
nllinc of the Tweilth-street marsh. Their
act is considered as a substantial proof of
their interest in the public welfare, re
gardless of sectional boundaries.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
BOUND BY OTHER
VERBAL VOWS
Wedding of Douglas Tilden
and Miss Bessie
Cole.
BOTH ARE DEAF-MUTES.
Responses Followed With Type-
Written Copies of the
Service.
WILLIS POLK WAS BEST MAN.
The Bride Is the Niece of State
Harbor Commissioner
Cole.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 9. j
Douglas Tilden, the well-known sculp
tor, and Miss Bessie Cole were united in
marriage to-day by Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean.
The wedding occurred at the home of the
Mr. and Mrs. Donglas Tilden, Who Wore Married in Oakland Yesterday.
bride's father, on Webster street, and the
large drawing-room was made as pretty
and artistic as delicacy of taste and un
limited flowers and foliage could make it.
The service was somewhat unique, as
the bride and groom are both deaf-mutes,
and the responses and readings were made
with the aid of two typewritten copies of
the marriage service. The bride and groom
followed the language of the pastor, and
by pointing their fingers to the responses,
the usual questions and answers were ex
changed.
Mr. Tilden made the answer, "I will,"
in the sign language, but the bride, who
has learned to talk, said "I will."
Although she is totally deaf, she can
enunciate, and distinctly.
Miss White, a grandniece of Mr. Cole,
was maid of honor and Willis Polk was
best man, and both assisted Dr. McLean
in the marriage service. It was they who
pointed out the words of the minister and
enabled the bridal pair to follow the
service.
The whole house was decorated beauti
fully. The large hall was trimmed with
poppies and large bowls containing the
silky flowers were placed in every availa
ble spot. In the drawiirg-room the dec
orations were entirely in green and white.
The flowers used were sweet peas and
marguerites. The large window in which
the bridal party stood during the cere
mony was banked with fragrant white
blossoms and a dainty basket of them
hung over the doorway leading into the
room. The dining-room where the wed
ding breakfart was served was decorated
entirely in pink. •
The bride looked very dainty in her
wedding eown. She is of slender build
with a wealth of dark hair and a very ex
pressive face. She is the only daughter of
her father, who is a brother of the State
Harbor Commissioner.
Douglas Tilden is known as one of the
most gifted sculptors on the Pacific Coast.
He developed a wonderful artistic talent
while at the Berkeley Institute, and he is
now at work on a monument which James
D. Phelan will present to San Francisco
on Native Sons' day.
The bridal couple left immediately after
the banquet for the south.
Those present at the ceremony were: L.
G. Cole, Mrs. White, Miss White, Mrs.
Hunt, Miss Emma Hunt, James Phelan.
Bruce Porter, Mr. and Mrs. Dan T. Cole,
Mr. and Mrs. Maronry, Mr. and Mrs. N. P.
Cole, Miss Nellie Cole, Miss Grace Cole,
Miss Emma Cole, Howard Taylor, Miss
Minnie Buesse, Mr. and Mrs. Foster Cole,
Mr. and Mrs. John Cole, Mrs. Albert
Brown, Misa LiJlie Tilden, Homer Brown,
Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Tilden, Mr. and
Mrs. Starnplay, Miss fclophine Hardy, Miss
Lizzie Hume, Miss Lillie Cable, Miss Alma
Galbraith, Miss May Morrison, Willis
Polk, Mr. and Mrs. Masters, Dr. and Mrs.
Weed, Miss Mabel Weed, Miss J. Banford,
Mr. and Mrs. Brayton, Mrs. Henry Wetli
erbee, Miss Mary Wright, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Nash, Mrs. A. A. Hicox, Miss
Laura Hicox, Adna Hicox, Mr. and Mrs.
Theo. Grady, Mr. and Mrs. Galbraith, Al
bert Brown Jr., Burchard White, Mrs. H.
Wilder, Miss Cora Jenkins.
ROMANCE OF A WATCH.
Deposited on a Priest's Doorstep by a
Thief Whose Conscience Con
demned Him.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 9.— A missing
gold watch has found its way back into the
hands of its proper owner to-day by rea
son of a guilty conscience that would not
leave it 3 owner have rest or peace until he
rid himself of that which did not belong
to him.
Several days ago a gold watch was left
on the doorstep of the pastoral residence
of St. Mary's Catholic Church in San
Francisco. There was nothing to tell
who took it or whence it came or what
made its possessor part company with it
in so unceremonious a fashion. The pas
tor of the church turned the watch over to
the police several days later and the right
ful owner identified it and secured it.
John M. Rogers of this city died in San
Francisco some time ago and when his
widow was appointed administratrix she
was unable to find a suit of clothes and the
gold watch. While the investigation was
in progress the watch suddenly appeared.
AWAY FROM HOME.
Death of G. J. G. Brandt From Pneu-
nioni.i in Alaska.
GOLDEN GATE, Cal. June 9.— The
family of G. J. G. Brandt, who resides on
First avenue and Summer street, have re
ceived news of the death of the husband
and father in far-off Alaska from pneu
monia. He left here a little over two
months ago for Cooks Inlet with a party
of Oakianders in quest of gold. The news
is an unexpected shock to the family
and friends, as when he left here he was
in the best of health and had great expec
tations for the future. He leaves a widow,
two daughters and a son.
SPIRIT SURGEONS.
Falling to Heal a Broken teg, Mrs.
Ackerman Came to the Receiv
ing Hospital.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 9.— Mrs. Nancy
Ackerman, an old lady who resides near
Peterhoff Castle, Fruitvale, was brought
to the Receiving Hospital suffering from a
broken thigh bone yesterday. She is a
strong believer in spiritualism, and at
tempted to deceive herself into the belief
that there was nothing more than an
acute attack of sciatic rheumatism, from
which she has been a great sufferer in the
past.
But when her whole leg swelled up to
an enormous size and the pains became
unbearable, she began the hot water treat
ment to reduce the inflammation. Her
daughter finally prevailed on her to come
to the Receiving Hospital and be treated.
As the result of her delay it is probable
that she will be a cripple for the balance
of her life.
Oakland* Word- Painter.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 9.— Rev. Ed
wards Davis, pastor of the Central Chris
tian Church, who has appeared on the
platform throughout the coast, is to make
his first appearance before an Oakland au
dience Friday night at the Young Men's
Christian Association. It will be an illus
trated word picture of seven and seventy
scenes of American natural wonders.
Booth* Volunteers.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 9.— Ballington
Booth's volunteers held their first meeting
to-night at Ashbury Church. The meeting
was led by C. E. Veeder and wife, but they
wore no uniform and have not yet received
their commission from their commander".
There was no enrollment of members,
no election of officers, and the meeting
was very similar to the usual Salvation
Army service. The volunteer organ, the
Gazette, was on sale, and the band con
sisted of a single Bnaredrum. The leader
paid a high triDute to the Salvation Army,
and said that there was no opposition,
but that there is ample room for the new
organization. There was a moderate
audience. ________________
REV. HINCKLEY MARRIED
Was Founder of the Manse and
Settlement at West
Oakland.
He Will Take His Bride to Woodland,
Where He Is a Congrega*
tional Pastor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, June 9. f
The nuptials of Itev. F. E. Hinckley and
Miss Flora Huggins were celebrated this
evening at the home of the bride's mother,
Mrs. E. J. Huggins, 014 Fourteenth street.
Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., officiated, and
the bride's sister, Miss Hattie E. Huggins
acted as bridesmaid, and Galen M. Fisher
as best man. There were about twenty
five relatives and immediate friends pres
ent, who offered their congratulations,
after which a dainty wedding supper was
served.
Mr. and Mrs. Hinckley will reside in
Woodland, where he is pastor of the Con
gregational Churcn. The bride has lived
in this city for many years, and her friends
are legion^ as she was very active in Chris
tian Endeavor and all church work, being
a great mission worker.
Rev. Mr. Hinckley was formerly a re
porter in -Chicago, later became private
secretary to Rev. Dr. Gumaulus, and about
three years ago came to Oakland, where he
took charge of the Second Congregational
Church on Chasa street, and nnder the
most adverse circumstances built up quite
a following.
While here he was ordained to the min
istry and organized the settlement work
after the plan of the Hull House in Chi
cago. Not receiving the support that he
considered he should in such a work, he
resigned and accepted the call to Wood
land, where he has been since the first of
the year.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 9.— The first
commencement exercises of "The Social
Syndicate" of the Centennial Presbyterian
Church on Twenty-fourth avenue, East
Oakland, this evening was a very success
ful affair.
JUSTICE FIELD IN TOWN
He Comes for His Summer Vacation
After a Day at Salt
Lake.
Supreme Justice Stephen J. Field ot the
United States Court arrived here on last
night's overland train, accompanied by
Mrs. Field and her sister, Mrs. J. Condit
Smith. They will spend the summer in
California, the usual place of vacation of
the distinguished jurist.
The uarty came in a special car. They
will remain here a few days at least and
rest and then go to P«so Robles, where
rooms have been engaged for a brief
period. The Justice will also visit Monte
rey and such other places as his strength
and inclination will permit.
Justice Field broke the monotony of his
trip by a day's stay at Salt Lake.
The Justice aid not seem very strong
last evening when he climbed slowly out
of his carriage in the Palace driveway.
He was assisted to alight and then one
man, and part of the time two, supported
him to the elevator.
The Thistle Club.
On the 26th inst. the San Francisco Scottish
Thistle Club will give a grand literary and
dramatic entertainment and social at Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street. A splendid pro
gramme has been prepared ana an enjoyable
evening is assured to all who may attend! The
following well-known artists will appear upon
that occasion: Emilio Lastreio, Professor
Trouchet, Einil Ortioii, Mi-s Mkv Warring,
George w. I'atersou, James Moen, W. C. Cook,
\\. H. Hallett, Messrs. Hernhardt and Hold
ridge, Little Virginia Orr, Mrs. Tom Irwin and
others. The entertainment will open with ihe
celebrated dagger scene from "The Wife." by-
Sheridan Knowles, and closa with the very lu
dicrous and mirth-provoking farce, entitled,
'The Tribulations of a Married llirt."
WHY CAHUSAC
LEFT SUDDENLY
Sailed for Portland Owing
Many Creditors in
Alameda.
DR. CRANZ PUNISHED HIM
Reasons Why Business in the
Town Is Regarded as
Looking Up.
THAT TIDAL CANAL MONEY.
A Petition Circulated Yesterday Urg
ing the Speedy Completion
of the Work.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 9. — It has begun
to transpire in the quiet neighborhood in
Alameda where "Dr. 1 ' Cahusac lived that
his fight on tne ferry-boat with Dr. Cranz,
occasioned by his treatment of the latter's
daughter, was not the only reason why
the dashing Englishman departed so sud
denly.
Numerous creditors would like very
much to see him regarding his accounts,
and the male relatives of a number of
ladies besides Miss Cranz would probably
give him an exceedingly warm reception
should they meet him.
When Cahusac decided to locate in Ala
meda he engaged a handsome residence at
3265 Central avenue, in the quiet east end,
and, after locating: his wife and three chil
dren there, had extensive improvements
made on the place. The stables were fixed
up by a force of carpenters and a hand
some carriage and spirited horse installed.
Cahusac had every appearance of pros
perity and talked oi money as though nis
finances were in a most flourishing state.
His suave talk and important air gained
him almost unlimited credit among the
storekeepers of Alameda, and, as a conse
quence, many are mourning the loss of
their goods or the equivalent.
Cahusac attracted attention principally,
however, from the fact that while he was
married he paid attention to every woman
in the neighborhood who would accept
his advances, and on several occasions
narrowly escaped thrashings at the hands
of irate friends of the ladies.
He proposed buggy rides to one young
laay the day after he was introduced to
her", but as she was engaged to be married,
and her intended was a strapping young
fellow who promised mischief if the doctor
persisted in his attentions, the offer was
not repeated.
Several servant girls in the neighbor
hood accepted Cahusac's invitations to
drive until they learned of his wife and
children and declined to be seen with him
longer.
To Miss Cranz Cahusac represented him
self as a single man. and it was on learn
ing that tae contrary was the case that
Dr. Cranz gave the man a beating. The
publicity given that affair is believed to
have made Cahusac fear that he would
become an object of closer scrutiny, and
rather than face the scandal that was in
evitable he left.
The day after his disappearance his
wife picked up their belongings and left
without letting any one except a few in
timate friends know where she was going.
It was learned several days later that the
husband had gone to Portland and Mrs.
Cahusac is supposed to have followed him
there.
Business Looking Up.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 9.— From pres
ent appearances there seems to be a likeli
hood of Alameda taking a spun in a busi
ness sense.
Some short time since the Alameda
Evening Encinal suggested that about
$25,000 of the $75,000 appropriated by Con
gress in the interests ut the OaKland har
bor and estuary should be devoted to the
completion of the Alameda tidal canal,
which is a continuation of the estuary.
On Colonel Suter of the United States
Engineers will fall the onus of saying
when, where and how this money shall be
I spent. To help him in his deliberations a
! petition was circulated along Park street
I this afternoon that was signed by every
I business man on the street. The petition
was tasen round by a Mr. Taylor, an em
ploye of the San Francisco Bridge Com
pany, who came over for that purpose,
dtrone reasons are advanced why the
work should be completed.
Mr. Taylor's plan is to set apart that
much money to dig a trench five feet wide
from the present termination of the canal
to High street. The daily ebb and flow of
i the tides would after a while considerably
i widen this artificial breach and at the
i same time Hush the canal of its deposited
] sewage. From a sanitary standpoint the
i scheme is a good one, and it is said to be
practicable also from an engineer's point
of view.
In connection with this matter comes
the statement that H. A. Hebani, who owns
' property and a wharf abutting the canal
I and exactly opposite the terminus of W.
Rank's Laundry Farm Electric Railroad,
has entered into an agreement with Mr.
j Rank to use Mr. Hebara's small steamboat
Ada for the purpose of carrying freight
and passengers between Alameda, San
Frnncisco and intermediate points.
Mr. Hebard last November built himself
a house on the land and occupied it
nightly with a loaded shotgun to prevent
Mr. Rank crossing the road and laying the
track across his property.
Mr. Hebard, when seen this evening,
denied the existence of any agreement
with Mr. Rank. He acknowledged that
he was altering his steamer and lowering
her top hamper so that she mighi run
under the drawbridges lower down the
stream if the keepers sought in any way
to delay him. He said he intended carry
ing freieht, but said it would be one week
at least belore he would be in a position to
speak definitely on any proposition. He
persisted in saying there was no agree
ment with Mr. Rank or any one "else,
though he expressed himself as quite
willing to enter into one if it is for his
benefit.
The third surprise of the day Is that
when gates go on the broadgauge trains it
is stated that the trains will run right
through to Fruitvale. Willow and Bay
stations are to be done away with, and no
one will be allowed on the trains who has
not a ticket for Fruitvale.
By doing this Mr. Fillmore's word will
not be broken as regards free riding in the
city limits and an opposition created to
the Laundry Farm road.
Jumping on Trains.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 9.— As the mid
day train pulled out from rark-street sta
tion Dr. A. Gore, 1702 Paru street, at
tempted to board the train while in mo
tion. He was unsuccessful and had at last
to let go of the handrail. The result was
he received a long gash on the chin and a
severe shock.
He was picked up and taken into Dr.
Mervy's drugstore, where three stitches
were put in to close the cut.
Board of Health.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 9.— At the ad
journed meeting of the Board of Health
this evening the veterinary inspector re
ported that the general sanitary condition
of the dairies in the district had much im
proved. He had examined ninety-seven
PAVILION AUCTIOS HOUSE.
319-331 Suttcr St., Above Grant Aye.
At 1370 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth,
w THIS DAY,
Wednesday Jnne 10, 1896,
At 11 a. m., I will sell
$5000 worth of New Stoves and Ranges. Agate-
ware of nil kin Is, Hardware and Tools, Tlnwnre,
Glassware, Chinaware, i rockery, Woodenware,
Lamps, Shades, Brushes, Brooms, Door Mats, Kat
Traps, Bassets and other useful articles too
numerous to mention. 8. BA^l'H, Auctioneer.
JO" sale without limit or reserve to clean up
the business.
THIS DAY AT 11 A. 18.
437y a FOIKTH ST., NEAR BRYANT,
WiCLL-KEPT FURNITUKE OF 6 BOOMS.
FRANK W. BDTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery bU
caws and found one case of tuberculosis.
The butcher-shops and restaurants were
all in good condition. The sanitary in
spector had inspected fifteen new houses
and received $6t» in fees. Dr. Lubbock re
ported twenty-four contagious diseases re
corded during 'the month; number of
deaths eighteen, births 25. Dr. L. W.
Stidham was appointed on the Board of
Health in place of Dr. G. C. Zeyn, deceased.
DEAF AND BLIND RECITE
Remarkable Exhibition Yester
day at the Institution in
Berkeley.
Stanford University's President Talks
to Deaf Mutes Through an
Interpreter.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 9.— The pupils
of the State Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind gave a remarkable and
highly interesting series of exercises at the
institution this afternoon, when the gradu
ates of '96 were presented with their
diplomas.
The programme of the afternoon opened
with prayer by the Rev. Dr. McLean of
Oakland; Dr. Wilkinson, principal of the
institution, stood by him on the stage and
repeated the invocation in the language of
signs.
The work of the younger pupils was the
first to be shown. Dr. Wilkinson took in
charee three little deaf mutes in their first
year of instruction and showed how the}'
were taught, when wholly without ideas
or language, to accept common terms aud
learn the meaning of nouns.
The very expressive deaf-mute signs for
"cat," "dog" and other animals were made
by the teacher, and the infant deaf mutes
raced to outdo one another in writing
upon the blackboard the nouns repre
sented.
Classroom exercises were then given,
under the direction of the principal, by J.
Paxton, Robert Spangenburg, Susie Davis
and Lina Erickson, four blind pupils. The
sightless little boys and girls showed won
derful proficiency in reading, writing,
arithmetic and geography. Though rang
ing from 7 to 9 years, they were thoroughly
up in the multiplication table to "25 times
25," and displayed a knowledge of physical
geography that not many pupils of such
age possessing all their faculties could
duplicate.
A largo relief map of the United States,
each State cut in a separate wooden block,
was brought into requisition and the little
blind pupils were able to readily recognize
any State by feeling its outline. The map
was thrown into confusion by Dr. Wilkin
son and Su3ie Davis, aged 9, with Johnnie
Paxton, 8 years old, speedily placed the
various "States" where they belonged, re
constructing a perfect map.
G. O. Isert, Miss Florence Alexander,
Isadore Davis and Miss Frankie Norton,
senior deaf pupils, gave an interesting ex
hibition of "slate exercises, writing upon
subjects furnished by the audience. The
two girls were asked for their views on
woman suffrage.
Mibs Alexander had strong views on the
question and won loud applause by writ
ing: "I think that if a woman has prop
erty she has a right to vote."
"Many ignorant people vote who have
never been to school a day, and why
should not she? I think she could vote
in hfteen minutes and then go home and
attend to her duties, if she has any. I
think woman should have a voice in the
disposition of her taxes, but 1 do not like
a man-like woman."
"The Republicans will meet in. St. Louis
next week for the purpose of nominating
McKinley," wrote G. O. Isert, in response
to a request for something about the com
ing convention, and the large audience
cheered its approval. Mr. Isert also wrote
about Cuba, giving ah eloquent plea for
extending aid to the struggling insurgents.
Mi-s Alexander gave her idea of the
silver question, showing herseif well up in
that most intricate of present-day political
issues. Miss Norton wrote about woman
suffrage and about Armenia and Isadore
Davis had a hard subject to handle in the
Kansas-Nebraska bill.
Dr. David Starr Jordan asked for some
thing on "music," and Miss Alexander
told of its power over man and b.east and
declared that it was the highest art of
civilization.
A remarkable pantomime was given by
Demartini as an exhibition of the "sign
language." Mr. Demartini told by use of
his hands and arms and other motions a
story oi a hunter's trip.
The signs and movements employed
were marvelously expressive, and loud ap
plause followed the conclusion of the
novel "narrative. 1 ' Miss Peralta gave fur
ther samples of the art of expression by
signs, which Dr. Wilkinson declared to be
much the same as lhat of primitive man
and before articulation was a human
faculty. "Our pupils could readily make
themselves understood among savages by
the use of these signs," said he.
A "rectation" "by Miss Mabel Gaude
closed the sign-language exhibition. Miss
Gaude gave a poem, Dr. Wilkinson follow
ing her with words.
Before the presentation of diplomas an
address to the graduates was delivered by
Dr. David Starr Jordan.
Dr. Jordan said that he had been much
instructed and pleased by the«xercises of
the afternoon. "Thej furnish a lesson as
to the cause of much failure in us teach
ers who instruct ordinary mortals," said
he. "We do a great deal of slipshod work
and do noi take the pains that has been
shown here to-day. The result is that the
real end of education is very often lost.
The effort which it requires to understand
rightly is one which our pupils do not
always put forth.
"Few pupils with sight and hearing of
the ape oi those who have recited here to
day can duplicate what they have done."
Continuing Dr. Jordan spoke with praise
of the application and stud y that had been
evidenced by the afternoon's exercises.
He said in closing:
"The time for us to enjoy life is now and
the way is to do something — to be always
employed upon some work.
"The very essence of wisdom is to know
the right thing to do next, not to Know all
things, but what tv do next — this is wis
dom and it is virtue to do that thing.
"In this scheme of life one is not
hampered by the loss of one or more
senses and such a loss is not a necessary
obstacle to happiness.
"The world's redemption is only waiting
for each person to do the best thing he
knows how."
The graduates are William A. Cotter,
Isadore Davis, Gustav Isert, Miss Carrie
Crawford, Miss Isabel Hennessey, Miss
Mable Gaude.
The musical exercises of the afternoon
consisted of a piano trio, "Pas Redouble,"
by Miss Erickson, Master Caceres and
AUCTION_SALE !
i*B fe && fe
.TO-MORROW,
Thursday , June 11, 189«,
At 11 o'clock a.m.. at
N£3"W YORK STABLES,
507 Jessie, Bet. Mission and Market,
WE WILL SELL, WITHOUT RESERVE,
TWKNTY HEAD OF HORSES,
Top and Open Buggies,
Milk Wagons, Hnrnpss, Etc. :">;,'-<
■ ■ m. J. McHRIDK. Auctioneer.
Master Paxton; organ solo, "March
Militaire," by Miss Lillie Smith; piano
solo, "Air de Ballet," Master Thomas
Morrison, and a soprano solo, "Les
Phalenes," by Miss Gussie Mast.
FAVOR DID NOT APPEAR.
Case Against Martin Cleary. Customs
Inspector, Dismissed.
The case of Martin Cleary, customs in
spector, charged on the complaint of
Charles Favor with threatening to Kill
him, was dismissed before Judge Low yes
terday morning, as Favor failed to appear
to prosecute.
This is another vindication for Cleary.
Favor was arrested some time ago by
the Federal authorities for impersonating
an officer in Chinatown. He escaped
prosecution by agreeing to divulge the
names of a gang in Chinatown who were
illegaly dealing in opium, and he named
Cleary as one of the gang. Special Agent
Moore had Oleary up Delore Commissioner
Heacocfc, and he was discharged, as there
was no evidence whatever to bear out
Favor's assertion.
Favor alleged that Cleary, a few days
ago, met him in Chinatown and threat
ened to kill hiiii, so he swore out a war
rant for his arrest.
LORD KELVIN IS HONORED
Anniversary of His Glasgow
Professorship Is Cele
brated.
Pacific Coast Scientific Societies Unite
in Paying Tribute to a
Leader.
The meeting of the scientific societies of
the Pacific Coast, held in the Academy of
Sciences on Monday, in honor of the ri f tieth
anniversary of Lord Kelvin's (Sir William
Thompson) professorship in the Glasgow
University, was attended by the repre
sentative scientists and many of the ad
vanced thinkers of this part of the State.
Professor David Starr Jordan presided,
and in a lew well-chosen words explained
the purpose of the meeting. Before intro
ducing the first speaker the professor re
ferred in appreciative terms to the inter
national labors of Lord Kelvin and the
great benefits resultant to the applied
sciences.
Professor R. iC. Allardice was unable to
be present on account of a sudden indis
position, and Professor Frederick Blade
took his place as the first speaker on the
programme. He dwelt at length on the
subject of Lord Kelvin's contributions to
physical science and paid a high tribute
to the learned scientist.
George W. Dickie, representing the
Technical Society, addressed the audience
on the subject of the intimate relationship
existing between the Jifferent sciences.
W. F. C. Hasson spoke entertainingly of
the advance made by science since the
professorship conferred on Lord Kelvin
fifty years ago; and Professor W. J. Hus
sey was entertaining and instructive in
his remarks on Lordlveivin's widespread
influence on science in general, ana par
ticularly as to the relation of the exact
sciences to astronomy.
John Richards delivered a highly enter
taining and instructive address on Lord
Kelvin's influence in the application of
thermo-dynamics.
Meetings will be held by the united
scientific societies on the evenings of June
15, July 1 and August 10.
President Jordan announced that the
Academy of Sciences had elected Lord
Kelvin an honorary member and has
especially appointed Colonel Fred Crocker,
now traveling in Scotland, to represent the
academy at the jubilee celebration in
Glasgow and to notify Lord Kelvin of his
election to membership.
Two of the speakers on the programme
are native Scotchmen— Professor R. E.
Allardice, formerly a professor in the
University of Edinburgh, but now of
Stanford University, and George W.
Dickie, a graduate" of the University of
Glasgow, where Lord Kelvin has so long
held a professorship.
Growth of Language.
"Look here," said the editor, "you in
clude in this poem a line about the eartu
cycling around the sun."
"Yes," replied the poet confidently, "and
I'll stand by it. That line, sir, Is not only
an example of polished expression, but it
is astronomically correct."
'•Mebbe so, but it won't go here. 'Cy
cling around the sun!'" he repeated
scornfully. "Why don't you take the
earth and put bloomers on it and be done
with it?" — Pittsburg Dispatch.
1 Tfiftfit-
TOOWI
A smart Broadway, New
1 V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store it marks tho'
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(iii^> K KAR.V Y ST. Established
in 1 834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Stein Diseases. The doc torcures when
othersfail. Try him. Charges low.
Ciireaeiiarnntrrd. Callorwrlte.
, Or. J . jr. UIBBON! Box ii>37, San Francisco.
1314
SCHOOL WILL
SOON BREAK UP
The Girls' High-School Art
Studio Was Opened
Yesterday.
FINE PICTURE EXHIBIT
The Seniors to Hold a Novel
High Jinks This After
noon
GRAMMAR GRADE RECEPTION
Features of the Coming Closing Exer
cises of the Normal and Other
Schools.
Friday week, the 19th inst., the public
schools of San Francisco will close for
their midsummer vacation of six weeks,
and will reopen on Monday, August 3. A
much-needed rest will be taken during
this period by the thousand teachers and
the 35,000 pupils. Some will go into tne
country and others will stay at home, but
all will profit by this welcome breathing
spell, and be thus prepared, at the begin
ning of next term, to resume their labors
with renewed energy. Some novel features
are comprised in the closing exercises this
year.
The studio of the Girls' High School was
formally opened yesterday by the students
of the art class, who received their friends
from 2 to 5 p. M., showed them their pic
tures and served them with light refresh
ments. The suite of rooms comprising
the studio was tastefully decorated with
plants, flowers, Japanese lanterns, classic
casts, etc. Pictures in water colors, pastel,
cnarooal, etc., were grouped upon the
walls and standing upon easels. There
were excellent views of Fort Point,
Angel Island and various stiil-life studies.
Franz M. Goldstein is the teacher of draw
ing, and considering that the time of the
girls is limited to three short lessons a
week, their progress is truly wonderful.
Following are the names of the girls hav
ing specimens of their artistic skill on
exhibition :
Misses Ruth McCarthy, Ada Linne, Helen j
Saruter, Tessie Swift, Heloise Williams, Lucile ]
Mcßoyle, Marion Mitchener, Alice Duffy, !
Amanda Ebert, Charlotte Parks, Elizabeth j
Leggett, Alice Gilbert, Maud Pratt, Mabel ,
Bunuer, Dorothy Meininger, Stella Shirek, I
Einilie Feck and Ettie Weiler.
A novel exeicise will be held this after- ;
noon at the Girls' High School. The j
seniors will hold what they facetiously j
term "a high jinks.'' It will be an
esoteric affair, all classes are to be dis- '
missed, and t c girls will be permitted to ,
take full possession of the school. Fare- j
wells will be said, songs will be sung, and I
the seniors will roam around the class- i
rooms, chatting with their teachers and '
schoolmates and talking over remi- ;
niscences of the past year.
The closing exercises of the graduating
class of '96 will take place to-morrow even
ing in the auditorium, when about 100
girls will be banded their diplomas by ■
Superintendent Babcock. The programme j
this year will vary essentially from those
of lormer years. There will neither be any i
salutatory nor valedictory. All traditional j
essays, orations, etc., will be omitted, and ■
the time will be devoted to orchestral '
music, class choruses and the presentation j
of diplomas. The graduates will also dress
far less extravagantly than has been the \
custom in former times. The stage will be
elaborately decorated by the students with
flowers, plants, pictures and furniture and
bric-a-brac borrowed from the leading
stores.
The undergraduate classes will entertain |
the pupils ot the ninth grammar grades, !
with their parents and friends, next Fri
day at 1:30 p. m. at the Girls' High School.
The auditorium will be occupied next I
Monday afternoon by the Hamilton Gram- j
mar School, Tuesday evening by the San
Francisco Normai School, Wednesday after- i
noon by the Den man Grammar School
and Thursday evening by the John Swett
Grammar School for their respective clos
ing exercises.
The Lincoln Grammar and many other
schools will have their exercises at their
own homes, but they will be far less elab- j
orate than formerly.
BOYS GANG AND ACTED.
Kxerciges of Primary Department of Our
Lady of Jlercy's Academy.
The closing exercises of the boys' pri
mary department of Onr Lady of Mercy's
Academy were held yesterday afternoon
in the auditorium of the school, corner of
Harrison and Fremont streets.
Mothers and little sisters formed the
great body of the audience that exhausted
the seating capacity of the hall. In rows
rising tier upon tier at the rear of the
stage were seated the older boys, while
along the sides were stationed the little
tots. Overhead and against the wails of
the room itself were numerous American
flags.
Every one of the sixty or seventy upon
the stage participated in the programme,
wbjch consisted of instrumental and vocal
solos, dialogues, concert recitations, com- |
plicated drill movements and numerous
general choruses, all performed in a man
ner indicative of remarkably careful
training and a commendable' aptitude
among the performers.
'I he "song of the merry reapers" — twen
ty-five boys in hay field costume (brown
overalls, big straw hats and sickles) —
formed "a particular feature, as it was ac- •
companied by some very skillful forma
tions and interesting march movements.
The two dialogues were clever bits of stage
work. But the darling of the audience !
was cute littJe Joe Leonard, the smallest I
tot of all, a wee bit ol a boy with long !
golden curls and bright blue eyes and a
seriousness in his singing and acting sel
dom seen in a child three or four years
old.
Following is the complete programme:
Song of welcome, school; violin selection, M.
Le Strange; hymn to thesacred Heart, school; i
recitation, "The Two Workers," Charles O'Con
nor, John Mfc-.lien and Peter Cribbins; vocal i
trio, "Come, Rise With the Lark," school;
violin solo, National airs, John Kaer; reci
tation, "A Street Scene," concert recitation by
15 boys; vocal chorus, "'The Huntsman's
Horn," school; twelve little tiddlers; recita
tion, -The Best Cow in Peril," concert recita
tion; song and drill, "The Merry Keapers," 25
boys in costume; violin solo. "Woodland
Whispers," John Koley; dialogue, "Debtor
and Creditor," Fred and George Jory ; vocal
solo. "Mother Dear," John Cavanagh; recita
tion t»nd song, "America," by the school; vio
lin soln. National 'airs, Ocar Ellison; vocal
trio, "With the Tide," school; recitation,
"How Persimmons Minded the Baby," by a
class of 30; dialogue, "The Newsboy," Paul
O'Ne-il and Matthew Le Strange; vocal duet,
••Good Night," school.
To-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock the
girls' exercises will be held at the same
place.
His Left Leg Broken.
George Bancroft, 818 Pacific street, an em
ploye of the California Adsigrjs Company, met
with a painful accident yesterday morning.
His team ran away at Central avenue and Slit
ter street, and he was thrown out. Both bones
oi his left leg were broken. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Josepn R. or Joseph and P. J. or Patrick Mor
gan to James V. Moran, lot. on S line of Fell street,
87:6 E of Scott, X 25 by S 87:6; $10.
James t. Moran to Margaret Glllespie, same;
(1500.
Patrick Glllespie to same, same; 8)0,
E. F. aud Nellie Armes to E. F. Card, lot on 8
line of McAllister street, 150 E of Broderick, E 25
by S 137:6: $10.
P. J. and hmmi L. O'Connor (by C. W. Wright
and W. B. 11. Adams, trustees) to John VV.
Wricht, lot on N line of Vallejo street, 267:6 W of
Baker. VV 48 by N 150: $2500.
Kruanuel and Joseph Snow (ex-trustees of es
tate of Samuel snow) to Sarah snow. Jot oi X
line of Hayes street, 212:6 W of Lyon, \V 25 by N
187:6; $1600.
Michael R. -Mara to Catherine Mara, lot on SW
line of Twelfth street, 100 NW of Berenice, N\V
95, SW 78:13/ 8 . bE NX 76:2%: gift.
Eugene switt to John I. Lacaze. lot on 8 line of
Ri.lley stree , 75 W of Belcher, W 25 by S 110;
$10.
K. and Julia A. Nelson to Julia B. Smith, lot
on E line of Noe street, 46 S of Clipper, X 22 by X
80; $10.
Lucy B. Kapp to Louise Ellwin, lot on NE cor
ner of I'uncan and Kllen streets. E 203:8 by N
114; also lot on S lin? of Alvarado street, 180 VV
of >"oe. VV ?5 by S 114: $10.
uallus and Martina Ruegg to Albert Meyer, lot
in Outside Lands 824. bounded by Forty-fourth
and Fcriy-flfth avenues, L and M str.-ets; $10.
Alberi Meyer to Gallus Kuepg, same: $6.
Nicola and Maria Varnia to churles, William
ami James Varni, lots 6, 7 and 8, biock 10, West
End Map 1: $10.
John H. and Ellen G. Grndy to C. H. and Sarah
A. uremmler, lots 472 and 473, gift map 1: $10.
George T. Harristo Thomas J. Hoy t, lots 1141 and
1140, gin map 4: $10.
Thomas J. and Eliza Hoyt to Joseph Zirbes,
same: $500.
Mirhael Spellman to Margrefr Spell man, lots 41
and 42. block 5, tract A, People's Homestead: $5.
Bridget White to Abby Chamberlain, lot on VV
line of Orizaba street, 175 S of Central, s 75 by W
100, block 54. City Laud Association: $10.
Rudolph and Caesar f'enkhausen (by L Jacobl.
assignee) to W. H. White, lot 34, block 67, same;
$10.
VV. H. and J. G. White to Mary J. Bolan, lot on
W line of Orizaba street, 350 N Garfield, N 25 by
VV 106, same; $10.
Annie Adams to Henry Fiege Jr.. lot on SE line
of Edinburgh street, 150 SW Persia avenue, SW
75 by SE 100, block 45, Excelsior; $100.
alameda county.
Maud A. and Alonzo BT. Clark to Rosa A. Stone
(wife of Horace M.). lot on N line of West Fifteenth
street, 170 W of Peralta. W 25 by N 112, block
727. map of tract 382 of Whitcher's Map of Oak
land, Oakland; $790.
C. E. and Mary F. Stevens et al. (by commis
sioner) toCHizens' Building and Loan Association,
10l on s line of seward street. 160 E of Cedar, E
30 by S 133, being lot 13, bloc-K 703, map of Gib
bons property. Oakland: $1420.
Alonzo !>. Todd to *>. A. Ureen, commencing at
N corner of lot 3, bl^ck A, lands of Oakland View
Homestead Association, thence si: 125. r*W 30 10
center of said lot 3. thence NW to SE line of Wals
worth street to a point "5:6 SW from point of be
ginning, thence NE 25:6 to beginning, except that
portion conveyed to the city of Oakland for open
ing Wa'.swonh avenue, being portion of lot 3,
block A, lands of Oakland View Homestead As
sociation, O.ixland: $10.
J. N. Williams to Mary E. Jones, lot commenc
ing at a stake on the W side of Clar>mont avenne,
1 12.92 from the intersection of Claremont avenue
and Ncrris street, thenco S 105.10. W 102. X 101,
E 102.92, SE 60.92, thence at right a gles with
Claremont avenue 50.92 to beginning; aiso a nar
row strip, five feet wide, from E half of lot 10,
being lot 11 and portion of lot 10, block X, Clare
mont-avenue Tract, Oakland Township: $2000.
Jam>-s and Mary Auridne to Mary Garlnier, lot
on W line of Broadway, 60 s from SE corner of lot
44, map of subdivided half-acre lots of Hays ifc
Caperton Tract, B 50 by W 140:2, being a portion
of lot 45, map of subdivided half-acre lots in Hays
<fc Caperton Tract. Alameda: $10.
R. and Margaretha Kuerzel to John Johnson, lot
4, block 771, Levy & Lane Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
Manuel C. Afonco to Belina C. Afonco, lots 10,
11, 16 to 19, block J, amended map of Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township; also lot 50, map of
Smith's subdivision of San Leandro, Eden Town
ship: $10.
J. K. and Annie E. White et al. (by commis
sioner) to Kncinal Building and Loan Association,
lot on 8 line of Prescort street, 85.'.'4 E of Prospect
avenue, X 35.84. * 168.92, W 35, N 115.64 to be
ginning, being lot 7, block E, Daly Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $2053.
James E. and Matilda A. Dab' 8i aL Ibvc mmls
sioneri to same, lot on NE corner of Prospect ave
nue and East Mxteenth street, N 40 by X 110, be
in« lot 1, block C, same, Brooklyn Township;
$25(1(1.
P. A. and Lottie Webster to George B. M. Gray,
lot on PK iine of Tenth avenue, 600 NE of East
Twenty-fourth street. NE 100 by SE 150.90, being
lots 7 and 8, Gray's Bonnie View Tract, East Oak
land; $10.
Kobert H. and Belle Gans to Lizzie M. Holmes,
lots 33 and 34, bloc* R, resubdivision of portion of
Roberts and Wolfskin Tract, Oakland Township:
$10.
11. M. H. and Johanne M. Kaarsberg to Citizens'
Building and Loan Association, lot on SE line of
First avenue, 75 NE of Summer street, NE37:6
by BE 100, portion of Lo?ksley Sauare Tract, Oak
land Township: $10.
G. L. C. G. and Louise C. A. Moller to Frederick
Senram, lot on N line of Fairvi» w street, 214.45 E
of Telegraph avenue, E 46.39 by .n 88.17, being
lot 18. Moller Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
H. F. and Mary E. Laumeister et a), (by com
missioner) to Mary A. Ryan, lot on N line of Wal
lace avenue (or Forty-fifth s-reet), 713.24 E of
San Pablo avenue, E 40 by N 1&1.57, being the VV
40 feet of lot 30. Cogi^eahall Tract, E of San Pablo
avenue. Oakland Township: $1422.
Mar.aret Ryaa to Stephen Keves, lot on >S line
of Thirty-seventh street, 115 W of .Market, V" 50
by S 100. being lot 14, block B, Evoy property,
Oakland Township: §10.
Philip Teare to Annie Teare, lots 29 and 30,
block 6, Antisell Tract. Berkeley; gift.
tnion Saving"? Bank to Mary Simpson, lot 4,
map of the Twitchell Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Matilda A. Daly (wife of James E.) to Bridget
Doo ey, lots 17 and 18. map of Santa Fe Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
H. C. Norris to Charlotte Gray, lot on NE corner i
Mountain View avenue and Sunnysifle street, E
110 by N 150, being lots 103 and 104, block 34,
Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTIBINEBB OFFICE of tneSan Francisco C a Li/«
TlO Market street, open until 12 o clock ever)
alght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission itreet*. epol
• nti! 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until • o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
tJS3p EXCELSIOR IX3DGE Na 166^ B
»-^ and A. M.— Special meeting THIS
iWEDNKSDAY) EVENING, June 10, at Iff
7:30 o'clock. First degree. rV\
THEO. E. SMITH, Sec.
Br^g= MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. ft
15-*' and A. M.— Called meeting THIS A
(WEDNE-DAY) • EVENING at 7:30 "IS? 2f
o'clock. First degree. By order of the /v>
W. M. __C D. BUNKER, Secretary. |
MOUNT MO B nil Id > DOE NO. •
K^* 7 44. F. and A. M.— Meeting THIS A
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30^2f
o'clock. Second degree. . . /\y\
THEO. FROLICH, Sec. j
ftCS' CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. • !
«*-^ and A. Called meeting THIS £\
WEDNESDAY, at 7:30 p. M. D. Ist. By IE
order of the W. M. /^r\
" H. FOBTBIEDB, Sec.
Bsg=» KNIGHTS OF THE RED ~g
B^C Branch, attention!— Business of mi- *[*.
DOrlance THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVES-fcVj*
tWQ- ; *¥tP
*P&> THE BIMETALLIC LEAGI OK THE :
■fr-ss 7 Twenty-third Senatorial District will meet
In Turner Hall, 323 Turk street, to elect a dele-
gate to the St. Louis convention, THIS EVENING.
THOMAS H. BATES, Committee.
itZS* A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE
XSZ& Bricklayers' Association will be held at
B'nal B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy street. THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. June 10. at 8
o'clock. Business of the greatest importance.
JOHN B. CAMPBELL, President.
■^B 3 ELEVENTH ANNUAL PIC- ~^T
f*-& nic and family reunion of the ffijffii
Servian Montenegrin L. and B. Society, mSsos* '
SUNDAY, June 14,1896, at California sH^sw I
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. Boats B*nWWJ j
leave Tibviron ffrry, foot of Marki" st., Bic !
at 9:150 and 11 a. m. and ] :3() and 3:3U JJOHSW '
p. M. Special train will leave park at vBeSmXlSr I
6:30 p. m. Adu t's ticket. round trip. In-
eluding admission to the park, 50c; children's
ticket, '25c. Grand tombola; first priz» $80 cash
and 130 other valuable prizes. COMMITTEE. '
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
f&S' DIVIDEND NOTICE-DIVIDEND NO*
*-*^ 32 (25 cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after SATURDAY, June 20, 1896. Transfer-
books will close Saturday, June 13. 1896. at 12
o'clock k. K. 11. SHKLDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES. -
t^S* BXD^ENTNTr~TjToCTEiri?oTP«r
Kf^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 6680.
C5 5 notice - ABANDONED CHILDREN
»^*^ In the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, 1896— Martha Frost, age 7 years-
Anna Deeney, age 10 years: Rose Deeney. age «'
years; Margaret McCarthy, 8 years; MaryHie-
gins, age 10 years. Respectfully,
■ BISTERS OF CHARITY.
|TsS=> COFPJBY'S COLLECTION CO.. 235
!»-»' Kearny St.. ejects bad tenants for «10- all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
SITUATIONS WANTEO-FEMALeT"
TTOUXG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X housework; wages $15; four years' rpferenc«
Apply to MKS. HIHD. 721 Ellis st, relerenCe -
T^OR BEST SERVANTS AND RELIABLE
X I help, leave your order with J. F. CROSETT *
CO., 312 sutler st. •
TIMBER OF FIRST-CLASS SWEDISH AND
*.\; German girls awaiting situations at the Swed-
ish Employment Office. 316 sutler st.
VTKAT YOUNG GIRL: CHAMBER WORK OH
J-' waiting: well recommended. J. p JOHN-
STON & CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland. '
TSELIABLE GIRE WISHES A SITUATION
XXi to do upstairs work. Call in morning, 347 Dore
St., bet. Ninth and Tenth, Bryant and Br'annan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTEP-Continued.'
GOOD CHAMBERMAID ' WISHES SITU A -
tion; city or country: speaks German, French
and English. Address T. D., box 59, Call Office.
T7IXPERIENCED WOMAN WISHES A SITTJA-
XU tion as housekeeper or to do cooking in small
family. 1002 Powell st. .
WOMAN WITH BOY 7 YEARSOLD WISHES
» » position to do housework. Call 2207 Pine st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as
1 housekeeper or nurse; city preferred. 137
Seventh St., room 1.
KRMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
VJT chambermaid or working housekeeper; no ob-
I jection to children; city references. Please call
! 126 Fourth St., room 32. -
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV-
i erness. chamberwork or second work; good
references. S. (.;., box 17, Call Office.
i \\r ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
I "' companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated
| and fond of children. 8., box 1, all Office.
pOMPETENT GIRL DESIRES A SITUATION
\J at housework; is a good cook; either German
or American family; references. Apply 260 Fell^
yonxG lady wants situation as
-I- traveling companion. Call or address 44 sixth.
IDDLE-AGBD COMPETENT WOMAN
wishes a situation to do light housework; is re-
liable and not a:rald of work. Call or address 314
Jessie St., near Fourth.
"DELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
XV in private family to do light housework; city
or short distance in the country, or by the day,
cooking and laundress, ('all or address 233 Third.
I VOUNO WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
! .1 day; first-class washer and lroner, or general
I houseworker; wages 91; willing to work. Call
| 303 Jessie st.
| VOlNii WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day, washing and housecleaning. Address 212
I Chattanooga st.
MEAT AMERICAN WIDOW (ELDERLY)
Xi wishes situation as housekeeper: good cook
and laundress; home the chief object; likes chii-
I dren. Call 151 Minna st., bet. Second and Third.
GK MAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
vJT housework in small family. 20 I'olsom aye. ,
j between Seventh and Eighth sis., off olsom.
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WiiRK
-I by the day. washing, ironing and cleaning.
Call or address 2014 Hyde St., near Union.
YOUNG COLORED LADY WISHES GEN-
X tlemen's wasning to do. Address 28 Hunt st.,
off Third.
C COMPETENT ENGLISH COOK, LATELY
\J from the East; is good baker; will work In a
neat family: Is kind to children: wages $10 to
; $12; city or country. Call 749 Howard st.
! POSITION BY AN EXPERIENCED NURSE
I X to infant or invalid or as housekeeper. 1024
; Howard St.
I "OELIABI.E YOUNG WOMAN WOULD TAKE
| J A position to take care of child or would assist in
: second work; no objection to short distance in
I country. Call 121 Fulton st.
j YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN WISHES PO9I-
I -L tion to do general housework. 1623 Eddy st.
i YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUA-
i -L tion to do chamber or second work. Apply
I 1723 Market st.
WA NTED— POSITION AS SECOND GIRL;
competent; nice sewer: can take full charge
; of house; reference; city or country. Address C.
' W., box 118, Call Office.
p ELI ABLE, ELDERLY, PROTESTANT WO-
J «' man, first-class seamstress and good invalid's
nurse or housekeeper, wants a situation: beet of
reference. Address P. J., box ISO Call Office.
E~EJSPECTABLE YOUNG GERMAN GIRL
X\> would like a position for light housework and
; plain cooking. Call 1623 Powell St., upstairs.
"TVRESSMAKER; 1' 1 [IST ( 'LABBCUTTBR AND
XJ fitter; is good designer; wishes engagements
I at 91 50 a day: can make a dress in 2 days. Call
I at 153OctavlasU
itu ation wanted IT competent
i O woman, for general housework; good cook.
; 028 Haisht st.
| yoUXO MARRIED SWEDISH WOMAN
, J- wants work by the day, week or month. Ad-
dress MRS. ERLANDSON, 1029 De Haro st.
ADY DESIRES SEWING AND MENDING
by the dai\ or will do any kind of wont Room
8, 472 Stevenson St.
ITUATION BY A FIRST-CLASS GERMAN
cook; best of references: wages $1:5. Inquire
15 Rondel Place, off Sixteenth, bet. Valencia and
i Mission.
IV OMAN WANTS PLAIN SEWING OR ;
'» mending by the day. Call 124 Wlldey aye..
i off Bush st., bet. Stelnpr and Fillmore.
EXPEKIKNCED DRESSMAKER WISHES A
XJ few more engagements by the day; terms.
$1 50. Address E. A, box 82, Call Office.
T>ELIABLE AMERICAN GIRL DESIRES
XX situation for general housework. 133 Dolores
St., nr. Fifteenth.
GERMAN SECOND GIRL WANTS SITU-
VJ ation. Inquire Prescott Mouse, 933 Kearny.
WAITRESS AND PARLOR MAID DESIRES
1 '» situation: city reference. Address American, I
box 137, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS ANY !
kind of housework by the day or week. Call
; 908 Powell st.
| MIDDLE-AGED RELIABLE HOUSEKEEPER
I i»A wishes a situation In city or country. 225 i
I Powell st.
G"1 IRL wants POSITION general HOUSE '
\T work, private family. Call 448 Seventeenth
St., cor. Guerrero.
vouxoTady wishes ENGAGEMENT AS I
X saleslady. Address S. L., box 132, Cull.
yOUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS '
X housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. 203
Powell st., room 5.
I ESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WITH A i
IV child 6 years or age wishes a place as cook or
to do general housework. Call at 149 Perry St.,
be;. Third and Fourth.
SITUATION WANTED by a SWEDISH hirl
O to do general housework. Address care C. A. I
ANDERSON, pastor of the Swedish M. E. Church, i
29 Lafayette st., bet. Howard and Mlssioa.
\\r ANTED— SITUATION BY YOUNG GIRL
IT to assist in light housework and take care of
child. Call or address 120 Valley at.
■yOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO I
X light housework. 31 Boardman place, in rear. !
TjMRST-CLASS FRENCH CHILDREN'S
X I dressmaker wants few more engagements by
the day, ween or month: terms moderate; satis- I
faction guaranteed. Address H. H., box 12a, Call. I
RKSSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
day in families; terms $1 per day. Address
917 PaciHc st. ■• ••, ■:■: • !
WINCHES i ER HOUSK. 44 THIRD ST., NR. i
" Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
iree bus ana baggage to and from the terry.
SI V A lONS WA>'TEn-JIALK.
HI NI K R <t C r o7TcHlN^;'sK"AN£rj APANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
HOTEL COOKS, WAITERS, PORTERS AND !
men for all work can be secured at J. F. CROS- i
KIT & CO.'S, 628 Sacramento st.
pHJNESE AND JAI'A.\ESK EMPLOYMENT i
\J office; best help. 41 4 y 2 O'Farrell; tel. K. 426..
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Whelp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO., 640 Clay.
CM. CliOK'.S sou. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
• branches :shori notice, i-idourv. tel.Orant 48.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE, 413
O Stevenson st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
JW. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY.
O » ment office, 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261. '
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sntter: tel «rant 30.
pOOK WANTS SITUATION FOR THE COUN-
J- try: bakes good bread, pies and cake. Address
1301 santa Clara aye.. Alameda.
I'KH 1 BOOKKEEPER, ALSO GOOD RAPID
■iJ penman, wants position boo'ckeeninig; can fur-
nish goo l reference. Address A. 8., 430 Turk st.
\\T ANTED-BY YOUNG MAN WITH
'« perience, position as waiter on a steamer. Ad-
dress W. a, box 98, Call Office.
YOUNG GERMAN OF 25 WOULD LIKE JOB
J. about a store or private place as porter, gar- I
dener and cure of horses, etc.; good reference*
Address Y. G.. box 16. (all Office. -
"yOUNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION IN A
a private family, to take care of horses and gar-
den and make himself generally Useful. G. E..
box 10, Call office.
ANTED-A POSITION BY A FIRST-CLASS
" meat and pastrycook: fifteen years' experl-
ence. Address M. B-, box 35, Call. .-
YOUNG MAN WISHES A SITUATION AS
a. coachman: can also ride overjumps, or would
break horses to jump. Address B. H , box 134.
Call Office.
pOSITrON IN FURNITURE, CARPET OR
A decorative business: eleven years' experience
In best houses in conn'rv; hope for trial even
without salary until proven valuable. Address H.
T., box 123, Call Office.
i) EGULAR PHYSICIAN, EXPERIENCED,
At wishes position with busy physician or in sani-
tarium; references. Address W. 8., box 89, Call.
WELL-EDUCATED YOUNG ENGLISHMAN,
'• with $1500, wishes a position where he can
InTest all or part of his money to advantage. Ad-
dress E., box 19, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN 30 YEARS OF AGE WANTS
A work; any kind: cood milker: horseman:
handy at anything. Address H. A., box 116. Call.
SITUATION WANTED AS MAN ABOUT
K-^ place, act as nurse or wait on elderly gentle-
man; city or country: references given. Address
M. A., box 1 19, Call Office.
VOUNO MAN- EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
X keeping, shorthand and typewriting and good
penman desires position. Address B. X., box 94
Call Office.
YOUNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION IN A
X private family to take care of horses and gar-
den and make himself generally useful. Call or
address E. MILLER, Frank Ho el, Alameda.
POSITION WANT BY, A GOOD, SOBER
man as assistant gardener or man about house;
can drive or do any kind of work. Address P..
box 151, Call Office. • . .•„.•.*'
VERY GOOD i- ENCH WINE-CELLAR
V man for all Kinds of work wants situation;
best reference given. Address W. c., box 104
Call Office. ••'.■.
rANTEU-BY COMPETENT HORSEMAN
'» and driver to care for horses. 11. M. LANE
323 Grant aye., Ahlborn House.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE:
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry: wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work: references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office.
IV* OODWORKER— JOB WANTED: GOOD ME-
»' chanlc. Address M. GLENN, Morgan Hill, Cal.
A INTER AND PaPKR-HaSGER WITH
tools wants piecework- paper hung 9c per roll,
620 Larkin st.
XT OTT KGX G GERMAN WISHES A SITUATION
■*- as coachman, milker or gardener: good refer-
euces. Address Q. W., box 63, this office.
\f AN AND WIPE (SWEDISH) WOULD LIKE
ITA to take care of gentleman's place during the
summer: city or country; can give the best of
city references: no family. Address C. H ALLEN,
317 Fremont st.
QOBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN
0 desires position in office or store: thorough
knowledge of i bookkeeping; speaks German
and English; first-class reference. Address G.
BOSSERO, 34 Hill st.
SOBER AND WILLING YOUNG MAN
0 (Danish) desires a steady job of any kind; will
drive wagon. Address J., box 140, this office.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services in the exporting of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C.,
box 137, (.'all office. -
JAPANESE WISHES work IN private
family: housework, waiter or plain cook; city
or country; reference. R. J. MATSU. 531 Jessie.
JAPANESE WA NTS SITUATION AS
schoolboy. Address I. 41., 709 Geary st,
ELIABLE MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
XV valet or private waiter; has 18 years' refer-
ence. Address H. B. S., box 104, Call Oftloe.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»" Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week: free bus and haggacetoand from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
pERMAN~OR SCANDJN AVIAN COOK FOR
*T mining superintendent, $25: middle-aged
Frenchwoman for housework, $20; girl for X ties
for general housework, $16. C. B. HAXBEN &
CO., 110 Geary st. ' ■
pOOK, SHORT DISTANCE, $30: GERMAN
\J cook. $35: second girt and sew, $25, San Ma-
tPO; 12 housework girls, cit^ and country, $20 and
$25 : 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEX, 323 Sutter st.
pERMAN '-OOK, $30: GOOD PLACE. MISS
IX CULLEN, 828 Sutter st. .
EAT, FINED GIRL; LIGHT WORK;
« country: $15. Apply early to MISS CLL-
LEN. 323 Sutler st.
pERMAN OR SWEDISH WOMAN, WITH A
VT child; $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
EAT GERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL; $30.
* MISS CULLEX. 323 Sutter st»
POOK, aNGELS CAMP, $30; WAITRESS,
\J same place, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
XV ANTED— A WOMAN TO DO GOOD, PLAIN
'» .American cooking on » ranch, $25, see party
here; a second cook in an institution, $20: also a
dishwasher, same place, $'.'0: second girl and
laundress, $26; acook for small family In Napa,
$25; a Protestant second girl, San Rafael, $20;
fifty good housework girls. $25 and $20. Apply
-MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Suiter st.
\A J AXTED-COoK FOR RANCH, $25; LAUN-
»» dress and second girl, $25; iniant's nurse, $20:
Swedish cook for country, $25. Apply MISS K.
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.
WANTED -2 FIRST-CLASS AMERICAN
cooks,- country, 525: Swedish cook and
downstairs, $25; German chambermaid, hotel,
city, $20; woman for housework, sleep home, $20;
girls for housework and assist, $10 and $15.
LKON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
ANTED-4 WAITRESSES AND CHAM-
»" bermaids, resorts and hotels, $20 and $25; 3
Protestant and Irish second girls, $20: Protestant
rook, plain wash, $25; laundress, private family,
$25; and others. J. F. CROSKTT CO., 312
Butter st.
ATEAT WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL
Xl steady year round, $20, fare paid: German
ranch cook, $20; waitresses, resor's and springs,
$20: girls for housework and cooking, city and
country. MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay St.
\\ ANTED — COOKS, CHAMBERMAIDS,
»» ntirsegirls and cirls for housework, city and
country. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis St.
WAITRESS; COUNTRY; $25. HOTEL GA-
ZBTTE, 420Kearny st.
p ood girL OB "woman fob LIGHT
VT housework; family of 2: good home; small
wages. Apply to-day, 1609% Turk st.
pOMPETENT GIRL For. ' . i.N KUAL HOU6E-
\J work; small family; $15 per month; refer-
ences required. 937 Fourteenth at., bet. Noe and
Castro.
SALESLADIES OF MATURE AGE WA >TED;
O good salaiy. Call 10 to 12, 204 Vi Leaven-
worth st. ,
VfIDDLK-AGED WOMAN TO CARE FOR
I'i. children and assis 1 housework. 732 Twenty-
fifth st.
"\TEAT YOUNG girl FOR PLAIN COOKING
X> and housework; no washing; $12. 104 Hayes
street.
ER3IA.N GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
vJT and care of 2 children; reference. 20 Sixth st.
p IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
VJT wages $10. 1536 Edd^' St.
TO" ANTED —MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO
''help in kitchen. 126 Oregon st., bet. Davis
and Dm mm.
Y^OUNG WOMAN COMPETENT TO DO GEN-
-1 era! housework, small family. 801 Bush st»:
grocery.
PESPECTABLK. MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
it mind 2 children and light housework. 202
Townsend st.
WANTED— GOOD OPERATOR OX SKIRTS.
Vi 550 Valencia st.
WANTED— GOOD HAND FOR DRESSMAK-
»• ing at 1521^ Mason st.
' V" E A T COMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL
JL* housework, family of 3. Apply 1307 Fillmore.
rpHK ECONOMY MILLINERY. 40 SIXTH ST.;
-I 2 trimmers and apprentices wanted. '
ANTED — A YOUNG GIRL TO LEARN
»" millinery. Apply 527 Hayes St.
TToOD TAILORESS WANTED; ALSO AP-
U prentice girl. 219ya Tehama st.
p IRL TO CARE FOR 2 GROWN CHILDREN;
VI assist housework. 910 Sutter st.
\\T ANTED— GIRL TO SET TYPK. 1935 MIS-
'• SlOll St.
Q A I . SLADY IN MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
0 department for out of city position; also sev-
eral lady canvassers on salary and commission.
U. S. Industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker biding.
WANTED— GIRL TO WAIT AT TABLE.
'* Tony Freita's overland Restaurant, First and
Broadway, Oakland.
WA.VTED-2 GOOD WAITRESSES. CALL
'* MRS, A. STREET. 406 Pacific st.
PANTS FINISHER; STEADY WOUK. 1286
X East Fourteenth St., East Oakland. Call
ready to work.
TT AIR-DItESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
J-L DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
"I TO LEARN HAIRDRESSING, MANI-
-LJ curing, beauty culture. 131 Post st., room 20.
■youNG Woman with about $300 as
-L partner in new coffee-saloon at once. Address
W. X., box 9, Call Office.
t EARN THE DRESSMAKING TRADE tuor-
lJ oughly at M US. R. L. JONES', 505 Fell St.
'l/ B I : B T A TMKNTTOTIIE POOK (MAG-
J 1 nerically) Mondays and Fridays, 10 to 12; con-
sultation free. 1026 Mark-t St., room 1.
A PPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERyH
A Tues. In dresscuttlng. 14 McAllister, room 07.J
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD <fe CO., OLD RE-B
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th St., Oakland.H
TTAIRDRESSING, 260 AND 36cT^IORnTnuH
-LL and eve classes; 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission. ■
pOAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 HI 111 li I iB
\J street. ■
\rOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLeTB
•1 Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market ;H
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $&■
per week; tree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.^[
r\RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND "FITTTNaB
XJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patternaH
*-T>' ■ i:n. MiDUWKI.f. APiiflcniv. '-'!;! Powpll st. J
MALE UELr WANTED. H
IE AD COOKriesTsECiONrrHoOKr
country hotel; washer, f 35 and found: •ironer.H
$30 and found, for country laundry; 2 waiters <oiH
springs, $25; 2 waiters, country hotel. $25: 3 (lish-H
washers, $25. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary
V ' EKR AND MACHINIST AND ELEoH
• J triclan for an institution, $55 and board. C. H.H
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. ____■
0 Mill MILKERS TOGO NORTH, $20~ANcH
• > found; see party llere. -: C R. HANSEN & €'().,■
110 Geary st.
1 • FARMERS FOR HAYING. $1 A DAY~ANdB
VI board; 4 farmers, same ranch, near city, $?(>:■
0 farmers, different ranches, $15, $20 and $26:^1
Danish farmer, $30; ranch carpenter, £20 and^H
found; 3 scraDer teamsters, near city, $1 a (!»;.■
and found." C. R. HANSEN CO., 110 Gearyst^B
WAN I ED-MAN. HANDY WITH CARPEnS
'» ter's tools. $20 and found: Ironer, • conntry^B
30 and found; paper-hanger; milkers, $20^H
$22 50 and $25: farmer and wife, $15 for wonianM
■■mil harvest wa^es for man; woodchoppers, $2S^H
and found: 2 bakers, country, $30 and $40 and^l
found: cooks, waiters and others. Apply to J. I'.^|
CRO»ETT «fe CO., 628 Sacramento sU ]__■
MEN FOR SAWMILL AND WOODS,
and half fare advanced: haymakers, $'J6^B
farmhands, $20; teamsters, country, $20: chore^H
man and milk, city. $15: cook, small place, $1&^B
R. T. WARD <& CO-, 808 and 610 bddy st. M
W ANTED— YOUNG GERMAN WAlTElfFoi^B
summer resort near city, $20: waller, $30^|
second cook. French restaurant, $30: cook, $10 i^|
week: dishwasher. $15: French laundry washer^H
boy to he in garden, eta LEON ANDRE, 31. ■■
Stockton st. " H
ARPENTER; $20 PER MONTH. MISSCUL-H
li. N. 823 Sutter st. ■
MAN COOK, $30: COUNTRY. MISS CUI/H
LEN, 323 Suiter st. _____H
Good , barber WANTED. 40a devisa^l
dero st., near oJk.
HELP WANTED-Contlimed.
1 A MILKERS, T2O" AND iasHsToNTTi "AND
XV/ found; sailor for a gentleman's yacht, $20.
MURRAY <fc READY'S, 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 WAITERS. $30. $20 AND $15: 4 COOKS, $25,
v $30 to $60; 2 dishwashers: second cook; ironer,
$10 weak, Troy machine. MURRAY & READY'S,
63* and 636 (lay at. ■ . '
1(\ TIEMAKERS, AND 100 EACH. MUR-
XU RAY & READY'S, 634 and 636 Clay st.
OCA MEN WANTED TO-DAY AT MURRAY
— ii\J & READY'S, Leading Employment Adepts,
634 and 636 Clay at. ; from $15 to SlQOmth., found.
Of? FARMERS FOR VINKYA 8 US," OR-
chards, dairies and rau*hes at $28 per month,
found; man to herd hosjs, $15: 3 otioreboys. $16;
choreman. $20; boy for a ranch. $100 year. Milt-
RAY & READY'S. 634 and 636 Clay St.
9A HAYMAKERS, $1 26 DAY; 6 HARVEST
*->\) hands: charcoal-burner, 10c sack. MUR-
RAY & KKADY'S, 634 and 636 Clay st.
1 A LABORERS, $1 60 DAY, CITY WORK; 6
1 V E. R. teamsters, $1 60 day. MURRAY A
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH, $35 AND FOUND, FOR A R.
R. camp: wheelwright, $3 and found. MUtt-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay »i.
Oft BORERS FOR A Mil. l, AND
A\J wools; half fare. p .id by company. Ul'fi-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
yl ANTED — 3 MINERS, QUICKHILVER
mines, $52 per month, steady job; also farm-
ers, milkers, haying-hands, woodchopfiers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER & <.<).,
626 Clay st.
ANTED-DISHWASHER FOR INHTITU-
tIon. $20. Apply MISS K. PLUNKETT, 424
Sutler st.
TO MERCHANT TAILORS— BEST VESTS
X made at reasonable prices. 935 Market, r. 14.
CABEIER WANTED AT ONCE; SALARY
\J from $75 to «100 per month. U. H. Industrial
Agency, room 165, Crocker building; apply to-day.
V OUNG MAN OR BOY TO LEARN BARBER
■!■• trade. Inquire 107 Vi Fifth sL
"VTOON WAITER WANTED. 286 TOWN-
-0-1 send.
RKAND BOY WANTED. WITH REFKR-
ences. 502 Kearny St., room 2.
ARBKK WANTED FOR WEDNESDAY,
Saturday and Sunday. 1431 Dupont st.
OOTBLACK WANTED (COLORED). 16691*
Mission st. ■
pOOD SHORT-ORDER COOK WANTED:
vT call early. 106 Second st.
\\ AITEK: MUST ALSO MAKE BEDS. c".
'T GREEN, Oercke Hotel, 922 Battery st.
CARPENTER ON A RANCH;
wages $25. Address E. A. S., 33 Fremont st.
pOOK WANTED. 613 CLAY ST. ~"
\J .
EXPERIENCED CLOTH CHOPPER; ONE
who understands applying proof measures; not
necessary to understand measuring 641 Market.
ARBORS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OK HAL. KM PLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 2S9y O'FarreU.
T> ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
i-> rotary Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant are. S. FUCH3.
Vi ARBER-SHOP: OLD STAND: FINE LOCA-
J-> tion; no opposition; trial; $135. E., box 19.
Call Office,
ARBER-SHOP FOR BALE; WHOLE OR
part; long lease. 131 O'Farrell st.
BAUBER-SHOP, NO RENT. 15c. PAYING
-D well, for $160. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
WANTED-STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
'• store and make himself useful in cash busi-
ness: salary $75 per month; must have $150 cash.
Bee GUS STRAND, 917 Market'st., room 2.
DARTNEK WANTED— OF GOOD ADDRESS,
X with small capital: In nice business. Address
E. C, box 89, this office,
\\T ANTED— PARTNER IN WELL-PAYING
" barber-shop, Oakland. 405 Fourteenth st.
rpWO MEN, GOOD TALKERS (INSURANCE
X proposition). Call forenoon 6th floor, room 6,
Mills building.
VirANTED-BARBER TO BUY A 4-CHaIR
'» shop with lease; best location on Market St.;
price $250. 8., box 134, Call Office.
St I Z\(\ FINE BUSINESS FOR PALE:
i>XO\J. trade; security; cheap. Columbia, 128
>ourth st,
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
' ' some simple thing to' patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN <fc 1 0., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
end list of 200 inventions wanted.
"VT W W A L DO H0U5E, ~765 MISSION, BET.
-L* 3d and 4th — Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
60u;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room ; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all niuht.
T>ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
X) hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50 :
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
L^LCJIO HOUSE, btJ3% MARKET ST.—
±-i Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
TCbT OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
0 Pacific St., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c per night: clean beds, sonny rooms.
VII ANTED— BO HERS AND MECHANICS !
" to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie- I
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
\\T INCIIESTER HOUSE. 44 TH I Xl) EAR |
"" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading- ;
room : free bus and baggage to and trom the ferry. j
WANTED- MEN TO LKARN BARBER !
»' trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and !
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard. <
/KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'UHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353. '
T>EST IN CITY— < X ROOMS, 15, 20 AND j
X» 25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leliiesdorff sts.
pALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
\J half-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
4 STUM A CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
- A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
1? S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
-Li. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
WOOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 60c TO $1 50 i
X\ per week. Oriental, 225 Drummst.
ANTED.TO COLLECT ~W AGES DUE LABOR
TT ersAclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutt«r
VITHAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
" St.: 200 rooms; best in the city single rooms
M and 25c a night. 9 1 a wnek: meals 10c.
1 INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ' »ts. ; single furnished run 75c week, 16c night.
l|)j|MK.\ TO TAKE LODUING AT 10c, 15c
l\i\J and 200 a night. Including cofiee and rolls.
624 Washington St.. near Kearny.
YV ANTED-BINGLK ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
IT v^ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
\KT ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years; j
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to . read, j
write and speak English properly; only citizens of I
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will 'be
accepted ; this important branch of the naval I
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
» ' your old shoes and make them as good as Dew,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\ 1 JKXTO FEED MANHATTAN STUCK FOOD;
'»■ all grocers keep it.
VI EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. BOMB
-l»X nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 862 Mission.
Tj»REK BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
X" also a bottl lof lagor, sc, at 637 Clay st.
fPKY ACME Hill Sf). \i.il -V \ KKI-JT ST., BE-
I !<m- Six >l i for « room • :''>■ a niche SI r week.
PARTNERS WANTED.
l3>XßTi\^rßrillOTiKL~B^
X quired. OWNER, 1176 East Fourteenth St.,
Oakland. '■■••- m ■ .- ,
•AVANTEIJ— MISCELLANEOUS.
TI^A^T^D^TO^^R^N^FX^VALLED^TE^T:
»" if suited will buy. Address W. B. L., box
329, Call Branch office. ,
TjMRST-CLAS.-S DENTIST WILL EXCHANGE
X dentistry for carpets. Address Dentist, box 60.
Call Office.
YV ANTED— ASSAYER'S SCALE OR COM-
»* plete assaying outfit; must be first-class. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2046.
TTIGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
XX children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
QELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW*
0 elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth ■<■ : send postal.
, AGENTS WANTED.
MAKE^ $3 '1 o $10 A DAY SELLING l ath-
-ITX er suspenders: others do; exclusive territory;
sample 50c. 1332 Sacramento st. "
IvRIGHT .CANVASSER; MAY EARN $5
1 > daily. Inquire or write FROGGMAN Co.,
Central Pharmacy, southwest cor. Grant aye. and
Suiter st. 2to 5 dally.
/CANVASSERS, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN;
\J big commission; $5 per day easy; no samples;
work near home; it will Interest everyone. Call
10 to 12 atVoom 30,' Flood building.
~ '. BOARDING WANTED.
WANTED-BY, 2 GENTLEMEnTvND BOY"!
»» board and lodging, sunny rooms, In small fam-
ily north of Market; state price. Address L., box
3, Call Office. ■
O J 7N^ R XJSH A^ D _ WA>TED
YY' A NTED-COU NTRY HOM^FORTGnuTIO
»' years old. during vacation; references re-
qnlred and given. R. A., 1302. West st., Oakland.
BICYCLES. .
DARK C Y CLEr"y— N EW~\VIIEE LS TO LET*
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, M»
Ail later and Powell st. car lines.
TYPEWRITERS. ~~
irOST, $80: CALIGRAPH, $25; SEND FOR
A sample work. SCOTT & BAN AN, 333 Monty
. _ . BUSINESS CnANCES.
NOTICE— HA V IKO^BUYE^^WILLINO to
JLi invest in some legitimate buslnm purlieu de-
siring to sell apply to HEALV >t Co., 23 k'earnv.
i ffl»9nfi PARTNER IN MANUFACTURING
I *$)£.\J\J, and new and second-hand furniture-
! store: line chance for steady man to b« connected
with first-class man. tiKALV, 23 Kt-arny at.
fi>9AA RESTAURANT. AND COFFEE-
ig)4.\J\r. house; clearing $75 per month; trial
Riven; sickness cause of selling. HEALY, 23
Kearpy st. ■ - - • • -
AYING CYCLERY; CHANCE FOR ONE
handy with tools; no agents. Address Cycle,
box 50, this office. . .
ft 7^o WIJL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
'JP 4 O\r and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building Included: ground rent, small;
great bargain.* BARRETT «fc SKIFF. 921 Market.
iim BRANCH bakery and NOTION
<JP I'M', lorn; 3" liviner-ooms; eood stock;
cheap rentibargaln. H10K0K&C0.,873% Market.
5 Qfifi RESTAURANT: WELL LOCATED:
■ O\J\J, doing good business; seating capacity,
i 62; OWB«r leaving the city: this will bear invest!-
-| gallon, ii ii I\'-K Co., 873% Market st.
l^l||||| BAK KY AND CONFKCTIONERf
•„ • '""/. store; large stock; doinggood cash bust-*-
-i iitus; Investigate this. HICKOK & CO, 873 V?
Market at. \ »
UJ |'(. SACRIFICE; COFFEE AND CHOP
'w I*J\J. house; clearing $100 a month: present
; owner, 4 years, has other business. HICKOK 4
CO., 873*6 Market at. ■
S*)t\(\l\ < ASH "GROCERY (BUSINESS:
-««"• horse and wagon: film-class busi-
ness good ouuide trade. HICKOK A CO., 873%
Market.
POT <'AHH BAID FOR STOCKS OF MER-
ccandlse. T. LUBELBKI, 7 City Hall aye.
aj<i/,ri RKHTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
<?c7VU. lor taking in $36 a day; line locality:
<:)j(-i»i> /hot; furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBKLBKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ftjrv(|O BEER BOTTLING WORKS; 3
(JPJUUU. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses, $160 month; Investigate
this rare chance: the place will stand the fullest
Investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ft 9ooo PARTNER; ONE OF THE best
'Jp^j\J\J\J. paying newspapers in lively northern
town ; presses and type all of the latest; all county
printing; object for selling need the services of en-
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
HAVE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY BUSl-
ness places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
dt 1 fIAA PARTNER IN FINE BUSINESS;
%pX\J\J\J. no Sunday or evening work; the
! place is already established and doing well: fullest
I investigation ; reference: experience not required.
i T. LUBELSKI.,7 City Hall aye.
rPO SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
1 quick for cash, see GUS STRAND, 917 Market.
(Bj^-n, RESTAURANT: a DOORS FROM
rwi I fJ\J. Market st. : handsomely fitted op and
clears from $75 to $100 a month; great bargain;
cheap at $1000; don't miss it. GUS STRAND,
917 Market st.
•feftOn RESTAURANT, WELL FITTED UP;
•ITUUU. clears $176 a month; 2 living-rooms:
great bargain. GUS STRAND. 9 17 Market st.
i{Qr.A DRY - GOODS STORE; OFEER
<$>VO\J. wanted. UUS STRAND, 917 Market.
S'->9P; COFFEE-SALOON; 2 FURNISHED
<J£O. rooms; clears *75 a month: good place
for man and wife. GUS STRAND, 917 Market St.
©OAA SALOON: FINE PLACE ON MAR-
*lpO\J\J. ket St.; full value; pays well; great
bargain; cheap. GUS STRAND, 917 Market st.
c-qnn stork, carrying kitchen
»U?OUl/. furnishings, agateware, etc.. also no-
! tions, stationery and confectionery: full value in
stock; location and trade good. KENNY <fe CO.,
765 Market St.
$>-f) RESTA~UR"ANTr"EXCELLENT~LO
• >O\r, cation: part cash, balance monthly
i payments; trial given; uood ci »nee for man and
| wife. KENNY <te CO., 7j?5 Market si.
!ft I 7-^0 FINE SALOON: ELEGANTLY
; <IP 1 I O\J . fitted up; location unsurpassed; pat-
ronage the best: one chance in a thousand: please
■ Investigate. KKNNY & CO., 765 Market st.
| ffijJAA ROAD HOUSE NEAR CITY: 14
I <P"lv/v/. rooms: dining-room; fine bar; using 8
barrels beer weekly; plenty of ground: pigs; ducks,'
chickens; etc. JOHNSTON, iBVi Kearny st.
piGAR-STORE: ON PRINCIPAL STREET;
\J one of the best in this city; cheap; rent mod-
erate. JOHNSTON, 26V^ Kearny st. - -
170 FINE CORNER SALOON; FIRST-
i vD-*- IV. class fixtures; best location; right in
the manufacturing district: cheap rent: 4 living-
rooms: a bargain. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market.
i ffIjKKA FINE GROCERY AND BAR; BITU-
I <JSc»«JV/. ated on fine corner in Western Addi-
tion: carries nice stock; good bar trade; 4 living-
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st. • ,
j IJj'Q'^Lfi CIGAR-STORE, FINELY FITTED
qPOt/V. up; large stock; situated on good cor-
] ncr, at prominent transfer point; owner sick;
! must sell; stock will invoice ]>rice asked. GKO.
| STEWART, 602 Market st.
tfljOOf: RESTUARANT AND COFFEE SA-
ffp^d^tUm loon near City Hall: neat attractive
place doing Al business: large number regular
boarders; bargain. STENBERG COMPANY,
632 Market st.
CTTEa RESTAURANT, NE\VLY FITTED,
t^rtOKJ. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel-
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market St.
ffl;|'-A CORNER GROCERY. BAR: WEST-
%£)\JO\J. era Addition; well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms; good place for
: man and wife. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
<2* AZ.l\ FIRST-CLASS MILLINERY STORE;
: »TP"tU''. north of Market: vicinity of Baldwin;
large and very fine patronage; A I stock; living-
rooms: offer merits attention. "M. LESS & CO.,
; 783% Market at.
ft 900 SALOON: TERMINUS 3 BIG (.ABLE
«Hj-j\JU. lines; value In sight; fine trade; gen-
uine bargain; other business. M. LESS <& CO.,
783% Market st.
(DO 7C PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON
»]pX I O. north of Market, near Kearny; owner
there 6 years. Ml LESS A CO., 783 Market st.
(JIjOCA FANCY-GOODS STOKE AND GOOD
OO\J. laundry office. HEGaRTY. 1004 Mkt.
©QAA SALOON AND RESTAURANT
»JpOl/U. downtown; receipts $40 to $60 daily.
HEGARTY, 1004 Market st.
T/iOR SALE— WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
-I commission business, clearing from Sl5O to
$200 per month; will bear investigation. Apply
STANLEY, 21% Third st.
/GROCER 1 -store, with good assorted
XX stock, doing large family trade; this Is a fine
opportunity to get a good-paving business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. MIHAN, 509 Kearny st. . .
RARE CHANCE— CORNER GROCERY AND
bar: 3 living-rooms and kitchen: yard; rent
$15: call at once; worth double the money. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth St.
V V* ANTED— TO TRADE HORSE AND BUGGY,
.»» town lots and bakery outfit for restaurant or
lodging-house. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
<nj~THn SALOON;. 9 furnished ROOMS;
tjpiUl/. worth $1200.. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ftl A WELL- ESTABLISHED BUSl-
*ipi.O\J. ness, paying a net cash income of $15
weekly, which can be proven to buyers' entire satis-
faction, no agents. Address C. X., box 84, Call.
IT'OR SALE— AN OLD AND WELL-ESTAB-
X lished French laundry; mostly all transient
trade; a eood horse and wagon: price $600; no
trifling. Address T. T., box 30, Call Office.
TO LET— COUNTRY HOTEL AND BAR- UN-
furnished: newly renovated. Address C. H.
box 122, Call Ofllce. . . "
IL^OR SALE-RESTAURANT; 48 CHAIRS-
J? cheap. 917 Mission st. " '
A LOON FIXTURES: FINE OUTFITS-
O great bargain. A 1 ply to L. GOUDSMIT 818
Geary st., picture-frame store, from 3 to 8 p. if.
ft 1000 AND SERVICES TO INVEST IN
|«S!IH AT ? /«U m B ft ush b sl StnMS - Address "•
ftl 00 WIljL BCY GOOD SALOON: FINE
f-l-W fixtures: most selL 116 Front st.
(8.7 C PARTNER WANTED BY LADY IN
<|p 10. good proposition. 11 lay lor st.. room 1
T/ 1 OR SALE AT A BARGAIN, OWING TO
X death In family, the cottage 33 Clinton park.
MAN F..R GROCERY AND BAR. GEARY
and Leaven worth sts.
CM h>o EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
$£ 1 : stand: clears $80 per month; sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205 Lark in.
©7,% BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION
<g> 1 «->• store. Inquire 1024 Leaven worth st. •
SALOON; LONG LEASE; LOW RENT APPLY
at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
BAKERY, CANDY, STATIONERY AND FUR-
nitnre, account of death; cheap. Apply at Call.
I^OR SALE-FINE GROCKRY AND BAR AT
.na^SSSd_.t? Ply C * llforDi * Brew Douglas.
W^fS;£S^ 1J ' Klt iN PORK st^
d H , GROCERY AND BAR; DOING GOOD
VJ business: tine stock and fixtures: no reason-
able oner refused. Apply Ca'l Office. reß son
C, H , A ? C OF A LIFICTIME-1 WANT A NO
hVri w'or'k'.nTh'e'
year and have $300; salary f 6O a month and
Ad^ssX^boxT^calf B o^e^ WODal lntervie -
K°i X SALE-WK LL-KNOWN DYEING AVT>
6 D l g 9 /a^nK 111^ ZSJSSSS&Sg,
L^OR SALE - BRANCH BAKFRY mcTT
lllllllillil
Vy ANTED - YiiIXG MAS' AS PARTV^tT
ne« Wi fl h rs $ t 2 JIL Ca { )i id i ' ' D B»"Stf^S?Hfc
tSSiu fl w^!fbox r re 8:3 e 8: 1 t6 ° Md
"L^OR SALE-RESTAURANT; CHEAP FOR
to-davatlTß^^T 11 " ' ?OlnK to Oregon. Call
to-aa> at 116 Sixth st., room 14, from 12 to 2 p. m.
k/) ()0 GAR - SIORE WIT " UVING-
Mission st. r ° On " i: ° D account of sickness. 1127
$51500 i FOR SA LE-FIRST-CLASS SA-
cuO-a^y,' loo , n - on be »l- business block in the
ever'vonn^f PBV ' lnß and "^''-established business;
Drinrin P i P »2'i 5 ' t0 invPstil ? « : only responsible
principals. Address A. Z., box 95, (.'all office.
Q. OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER*
VJ Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63vs Market, room 2!
H BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
■©QnrT CORNER BAB, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
■tTWJUU. Iy furnished rooms, all rented; best lo-
■ atlon: lease; rent $65: sacrifice on account of
■iickucss. WILKK A WOLK, 531 California at.
H^TTaAA corner SAMPLE- BOOM in
■.jh'IUUU. choicest location; low rent: largo
■>atronaee; average dally sales $50: no trlfiers
Hieed epply. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California.
■SHo^a" sample ROOM, established
i/OU. years, with first-class patronage: choic-
. it location: owner keeping two places; make an
H>n>r. WILKK A WOLF, 531 California st.
Mjl- WAA CORNER SALOON 'in VERY
■3M O UU. best location, with large patronage;
■mint be sacrificed, as owner bought hotel.
Hvn.KK & WOLK, 631 California. ••
HiTo / A RESTAURANT, DOING LARGE
■tfcol'U. bus ness. good prices: Vz interest or
■whole. WILKE A WOLF. 531 California st.
H^TTriTi CORNER. GROCERY AND BAR, 1
■»J)I)UU. block from Market st., near Wells-Fargo
i^nffice doing large trade; death calls owner East;
H-«n- chance. I LKE A WOLF, 531 California.
BflTtlFn CIGAR STORE ON BUTTEH ST.;,
■<pZOU. daily sales $10: owner sick with rheu-
WILKF. A WOLF, 531 California st.
HfI&^AAA CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS FOR
■tJpOUUU. sale: well established: complete
plant: stock, etc.; principals only.
■Apply F. I. CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5, 3.5
■Montgomery st. ■ __
R( X X Y-STORK; 8 ROOMS; FIXTURES;
■Ugome stock; to let. 2201 Fifteenth st.
MTThTTpHOUSE JUST FITTED UP NEW;
H'^ must sell at once; good reasons given. 232
Jp'Farrell. bet. 11 and Ip. M. ; no agents. __
■~r~BARGAIN; CORNER SALOON, WITH 11
furnished rooms In business part of the city:
■present owner conducting business for 12 years;
■reason, retiring from business. Apply Bw, cor..
and Drumm sts.
Ht?I{UIT STORE FOR SALE; REASONABLE;
■T on account of death. Cor. Twenty-third and
■Shotwell sts.
M/IOOD PAYING RESTAURANT; FINE LO~
■vXcatlon; nicely fitted up; living rooms; rent
■$17: good reason for selling. 3279 Mission st.
■77UTCHER-BHOP FOR RENT; NO. 1 FIX-
■J-> tures: low rent. Apply UMBSEN A CO., 14
■Montgomery st. .
■liroi'D, COAL AND EXPRESS: PAYS 125
Jii per month, for sale. 810 sixth st.
■C^OR~ SALE — HORSE, HARNESS, BUGGY,
■ I bicycle, 1 electric fan; for sale, trade or se-
curit.v : a bargain. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
if OR SALE— FRUIT AND CANDY STAND;
X inside depot. Cor. California st. and Central aye.
ANY STOCK OF MKRCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash: city or country. M., box 2, Call.
"JT'LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE: NICE CLEAJf.'.
X and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. ft, ,
322 Pacific St., basement. I jr. *:■,-. •.-
-IMNE CORNER SALOON; GOOD LOCATION;
JT owner going in other business. Apply
SAMUEL BROTHER, 132 First at. .
EST-PaYING RESTAURANT IN THE'
I » city; cash receipts $45 a day; for sale; security'
taken or will trade for some other business; a
snap. Columbia, 128 Fourth st. ,
i RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS: SUNNY
I") rooms; good corner; low rent. 449 Guerrero.
O ALOON FOR SALE— SBOO; WELL STOCKED;
0 good location; good reason for selling; no
agents. Address T., box 60, this office.
ILK BUSINESS OF 30 CANS, RETAIL
trade, for sale cheap; must be sold by the 15th
of June. Apply this office.
COR. SALOON WITH LIVING ROOMS; >
cheap rent; bargain. Apply 212 Eighth St., cor.
Teh am a.
WHOLE BAKERY OUTFIT ; MOVABLE
TV oven: for sale, trade, security. Columbia, 128 '
Fourth st.
}jiOR SALE — WELL-ESTABLISHED MIL-
V linery and dressmaking business: on account
of ill-health, at a sacrifice. Address M. M., box 30,
Call Office.
E--TAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap op account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive. -
Call or address 33!tl Mission.
OR SALE— SALOON DOING GOOD BtSl-
ness: cause for selling sickness. A .Id res* 1. K.
GOULD, box 8, Petal ma.
OR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SINGLE
wagons. Stand corner Sansome ana Slitter, J.
C. FREDERICKS, owner.
/ i ENTLEMAN PA RTNER WANTED BY
* J lady of means, $100 capital 12 Mason st., rm. 2.
IpOR SALE— FINE CANDY AND STATION-
ery store: make offer. A., box 10. Call Office.
TJOARDING-HOUSE; 16 ROOMS: CHEAP
XJ rent: good opportunity; $300. New Hansa
Hotel, 320 Drumm st.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
A WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES lOH SALE.
<& 1 PkAA so-roojT^otelT^near^ljnlox"
tip 1 U\J\J* Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT A SKIFF, 921 Market.
O BUY OR SELL A LODGING - HOUSE
quick for cash see GUS STRAND, 917 Mar-
ket st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR HELL A LODG-
ing-bouse see T. LUBKLRKT, 7 City Hall aye.-
CjO'/\ 10 ROOMS ALL FURNISHED COM-
Ot)\J . plete; *35 Income above all expenses;
fine locality; cheap rent; rooms all full; investi-
gate this at once. T. LU lIE i>KI, 7 City Hall aye,
1 r-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
It) must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
04 -ROOM CORNER HOUSE, $660: WORTH
.-.tt $2500: must be sold. DECKER. 1020 Market.
QO ROOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL; ON $1200,
OU worth $2000. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
Ifi ROOMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
IV nished; $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
AO ROOMe, BEST-PAYING HOUSE, CHEAP;
tO easy terms. 115 Second st.
TJOARDING-HOUSE: 16 ROOMS; CHEAP
13 rent: good opportunity: $500. New Hansa
Hotel, 320 Drumm st.
MUST SELL; 15 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS;
see this and make offer. 644 Sacramento.
OQ WELL- FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $600;
4O low rent. Inquire grocery, 40 Sixth st.
FUBMIT FOB SALE.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings. •" ;■
URB SALE .' ~~
Prices stand till cooda are completely ai»-
posed of. •.
Oak bed seta 19 53
Bed lounges... „..  808
Stoves ■ ...^ 750
Carpets, per yard ....^ 55
Linoleum, per yard ,-,, , 55>
Matting, per yard , 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner beventn and Mission sis. i.
NOON AN.
A(\(i CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $147
T:vtf stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed*
$10: bed- ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
FI'KNITI'KK WANTED.
OD-HAND FURNITURE FOR COUNTRY^
& good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. '
AM ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave.orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOB FURNt-
X ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
IJKFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURS
■U send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
SBASCH, 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-'
O« ture, saloons and merchandise; highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 11 as Market: :el. Jessie 781.
CAKVKT CLEANING.
GIKEAT WESTERN CA RPET^BeTt I N ( »
« works; latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
lON CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
0 renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
pARPETS CLEANED, »c A YARD; LAID 3a
V Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth su
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor wore send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel So. 40.
pONKLIN'SCARPET EKATINO WORKS. 3W
V- ; Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
C'JITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.BENOVA-
-1 Ung. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 258.
A , RI>KTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
J^ L^J 18 "- FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth: ML
booth 38. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successora.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. aill
. 14th at. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-"
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 223.
LOST. ~
TOST-SCN DAY, JUNE 7, LADIES' Mar'
■*-* guise ring; rubles and diamonds- liberal re-
ward. Return to 18 Lafayette st., off Mission, bet.
Eleventh and Twelfth.
"I OST-SUNDAY EVENING, PURSE CON-
SJ talning ladies' gold watch; also little money.
Liberal reward If returned to 1 106 Market st.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, BLACK FEa"-
-0 ther boa. Return 818 Kddy st.: liberal reward.
$40 R EWA « D -QENTLEMAN'S DIAMOND
!? t v ring, on Third st., bet. Mission and Mar-
ket. Return to FRANK JONES. 19^Stev,nsoiu
L O |Li IO « DAY EVENING, EITHER ON
JLJ Urn ore Sacramento or Polk sts lady's dia-
BBOB.f 1 1302 IJ p^g.[! Wa " 1 " retUrned t0 "V-^
1 i OST— FEMALE PUG DOG; 4 MONTHS OLD".
-L) name. Dolly. Return 780% Market steward.*
L°^-7n A PAbB , BOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
the nim 1 ? ana . Loa / 1 Society of San Francisco, iv
7nnw T £ '■ANNIE RICHARDS. No.
170408. The finder will please return to bank.
L^Tn*/™^ 1100 * WITH THE HIBERNIA
thl name K f B « n^H? n So - V of Saa Francisco, in
flnrt^.Tn MAX KO^AN-DER, 128725. The
finder will please return to bank. *
*'OliM>.
pOCNH- M,\ CX ON BfeISHK N ST.- OWNER
exp C c n n se,, aYe 3 5TMi OVints pr ° Perly "* V * yl '°<HOUSES TO LET.
000 GOLDEN GATE^V_TB^TTirYDFANG
«J«J<_> Larkin ; 2-story, bay-window ; 7 rooms and
bath.
Twenty-second St., bet. Guerrero and Dolores-
neat cottage: 5 rooms, bath and stable.
Fulton st.. bet. 'Lagona and Bucnanan— 2-story,
bay-window: 6 rooms and bath. •— • •' ■ ■■ ■>
Stevenson st. or Lexington aye.. bet. Twentieth
and Twenty- first 2-story: 6 rooms and bath.
Mission st., bet. Eighth and Ninth— 2-story; 7
rooms and bath.
Bond st., off Mission, bet. Twelfth and Thir-
teenth— 6 and 7 rooms and bath.
Hyde st., bet. Turk and Eddy— 2-story; 7 rooms
and bath.
Five large boarding-houses; over BO rooms; cen-
trally located.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. 415 Montgomery
St., Real Estate Agents and House Renters.
BUSH ST.. BKT. MASON AND TAYLOR—
xj Hne house; 9 rooms and bath: sunny and fine
view ; key at office. Apply to C. 8. CAPP <fc CO.,
415 Montgomery 8t *» Real Estate Agents and
House Brokers.
Q-ROOM MOUSE, 1004 PINE ST., REDUCED
t/ to $40; 9-room house, 1811 Sutter, reduced to
$45; other bargains. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
Tf OR a couple OF months from"this
-L date 4 or 5 rooms nicel-.- furnished, with every-
thine necessary for housekeeping; the res of the
House to remain unoccupied. Apply at 1420 Haves
St., near Baker. .-
YEW HOtTBE~4~ROOMSr~»iO; LARGE
-Li yard. 35 Dorland st.
9 ROOMS. BATH: GARDEN; GOOD
Order; rent reasonable. 1427 Post, near Gough.
11« HYDE _ HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
TtlU bath. Inquire at 418.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS: SUNNY YARD- RENT
low. 27 Clementina s,t. '
SjOJ MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE"
t£O\J. ment: large yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
OUSE— A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND 10
Montgomery su \ • •- '
jr URXISHIfiI j HOUSES.
I^OR SALisTIPL^fTTR^oIi^^FR^rSHEIV
J rent reasonable: no dealers. 44 Third st. '
COTTAGES TO LET.
C*l n 514 KEARNY' ST.; FKONT^ROoST
0 1 U. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgo-
mery St.
Ylt'K COTTAGE; GARDEN; BARN; REA-
!.> sonable: modern improvements. 3528 Sacja-
mento St.
POTT A " 8 TO. IMS; BATH; GARDEN;
XJ yard. 3824 Mission st.
TQV^ 1 OW AYE— COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS;
<».>»> r^nt $9. Apply 600 Grove st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
. \AV CORl?E^nFLXr^s7x~K7]ioM^9 : ul^
0 Bed; piano; $30. Call afternoons 800 a
\\ cbs;er.
T'IXELY FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
I bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cubiecars to park, ocean, ferries. Presidio and
city Hall: rent reasonable; water free* Address
K. C. J.. box 36, Call office.
L" LKGANTLY FURNISHED NEW FLAT OP 4
Jj rooms: bath. gas. etc.: water free; all conven-
t- :es; reasonable. 913 Polk, near Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
< 7 ~\o COTTAOiE" OF 3~rooms^ good
*H ' *J\.'. order: water free. Apply on premises,
!U5 Bryant s  near Klgh:h, or 14 Montgomery su.
G. H. UMBBKN & CO.
--ROOM. COTTAGE; RENT $20. . 519 MINNA
• ' street. ;-, -. ■-. ;--> -'■.;. ;
Q99 TO LET— FURNISHED SUNNY FIVE-
O— — room cottage, bath: al=o modern 6-room
fiat, $17. 3748 Army St., near Dolores.
;> 1 9 CLEAN SUNNY COTTAGE. 643
igX^i. Minna st_, between Seventh and Eighth.
CIQ UPPER BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 4
O 1 "' rooms. 141 3 Moss beu Sixth and Sev-
enth, near Howard
HAVES, AST OF FILLMORK — UPPER
flat, bay-window, 5 rooms and bath: $16; fine
view. Apply to C. >. CAPP & CO.. Heal Estate
Agent, 415 Montgomery st.
1 OAT STEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
JOU I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
rLAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
Q1 I FOUR NICE ROOM ; 515 THIR-
O 1 X . teenth su, bet. Guerrero and Market.
O\Vh.K FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water ir, c.
L' LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
Xv low Bryant, 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
S. SONY ROOMS; BATH. 2219 FIFTEENTH
0 st.; rent $14; block from Castro-streetcars.
M~ IDDLE FLAT; 5 ROOMS BATH; REA-
sonable. 3439 Sixteenth st., near Sanchez.
S UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
JUST APPROACHING COMPLETION.
Five choice modern flats on corner of Twenty-
tif in and Folsom. sts. : ' ail sizes. Inquire on prem-
ises.
IT'LATS TO LET— FINE SUNNY FLATS; 4,5
and 6 rooms and bath each; Valencia and
Twentieth sts. : rents $14 to $17. Apply to L. A.
KOUC &. CO., 465 Valencia st.
VTCE L FURNISHED FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
-1 and bath: piano; reasonable. 120 McAllister.
YTvfT MIN NAT NEAR ELEVENTH ;
Iv'li ny rooms: yard; water free; rent $13 60.
"T'LAT; 4 ROOMS; MODERN. 118 ASH av£
x oft McAllister, above Polk.
VLAT, 4 MCE ROOMS; BATH. 527 GOLDEN
x Gate aye.
1 1 FULTON —GOOD LOWER FLAT: 5
1 1 04 rooms: bath: near City Hall : $18.
V,'LATS TO LET: PROPERTY FOR SALE:
-T ail over town. PATTERSON & Co., 2 Va-
lencia bU
_07Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
"i" i U Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms; modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
t~iOq McAllister- mi flat OF 6
L-itJO rooms and bath, $27 50. UMBSEN, 14
Montgomery st.
LTPPhR LOWER FLAT OF 2 OR 3 SUNNY
> rooms: bath. laundry; 36 Elgin Park, off Rid-
ley St., above Valencia.
SUXNY~FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
garden: US and $16. 1706 Post st.
~\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — TElfi
- V \v;;KKI V CALL. Id wraorjer. for mallins.
iiOUSsKKEEPINCr ROOMS.
California Street.
9XO "I CALIFORNIA— B ELEGANTLY FUR-
--')') X nisbed rooms, bath, for housekeeping,
cheap; call forenoon.
tddv Street.
71 Q EDDY —SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
• I •/ rooms; rtinning water; gas.
i-iii.% Street.
Hl\C* ELLIS— FURNISHED ROOMS; NEW-
-1 \J\J ly papered and painted; complete for house-
keeping
Fifth Street.
100 l FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
7iiO3 kitchen furnished complete for house-
keeping. ■■;>.,'-:
lourta treet.
" FOURTH —TWO FURNISHED HOUbE-
-0 keeping rooms, connecting: also single rooms.
91 •_> FOURTiI — NICELY FURNISHED
»JXO. ho keeping rooms, $8 ana $10 a month;
single or suite.
Folsom Street.
Qf*O FOLSOM— LARGE, SUNNY, FURNISH-
< A)*} ed bedroom, connecting with kitchen;
yard: complete; housekeeping.
'«tary St eet.
- "I Q GEARY-SUNNY SUITE OF PARLORS;
01 O other sunny rooms; light housekeeping.
. ulue.i tiste Avenue.
-07 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 UNFURNISH-
OZii ed rooms; bath; for housekeeping.
Oougti S reet.
i)-l ' GOUGH— 3 LARGE SUNNY HOT7SE-
Zx O keeping rooms: elegantly furnished; $18.
Hermann Street.
or HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
Zo rooms: nicely lurnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. >
jiunanl Street.
E9JT HOWARD— ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
OZO plete for housekeeping or single reasonable.
1 I HOWARD— FJIONi SUNNY FUR-
-1 1 *±Zi nisbed housekeeping rooms; bath; range;
rent $12 50- ._ ■
Hyde Street.
91 A HYDE- a SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
_. 1 U complete for housekeeping.
tie*gi« street,
>-<}A JESSIE— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
•/_ 1 housekeeping, $10. -
Kearny Street.
T OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
•' keeping. Kearny St., near Suiter. Gas or
water free. Apply 15 Grant aye. ■ ' ' : ' "
McAllister t»Li-eet.
Onn MCALLISTER^ CORNER OCTAVIA—
OUU Nicely furnished nanny rooms with .or
without housekeeping.
3Jiiina street. ' '
A O(' MINNA— LARGE FURNISHED FRONT
TiJU room; light housekeeping; use of kitchen. ,
JiiHuii * -'cc .
FOR CLEAN. CHEAP ROOMS GO TO 1055
Mission st.; housekeeping and others.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
New Montgomery street. ""'. '■'.".
■I AC NEW MONTGOMERY ST.-CHANGED ,
X \JU hands: furnished housekeeping and single ,
rooms; cheap. • ' , . , '
- Estonia Street.
7OH NATOMA ST.— LARGE NICE SUNNY
I*-" room, with use of kitchen. ■
000 MI-S ON— FRONT SUNNY ROOMS; $7
VOV up; housekeeping If desired; also single, $5. ,
-Mntli Street.
OA NINTH, NR. MARKET-FRONT SUITS,
4*\) housekeeping, stove, gas, water: single.
Norfolk Street.
CO NORFOLK. BET. ELEVENTH AND
O_ Twelfth, Folsom and Harrison— Sunny cot-
tage of 2 rooms; furnished for housekeeping;
washroom and large yard; $10. Apply upstairs, j
Polk Street.
POLK-2 OR 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
UII rooms; exclusive kitchen: gas stove.
Q"| O POLK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
VXO sunny alcove and kitchen, complete for
housekeeping; new carpets and furniture; very
reasonable.
sixth Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY":
X— X cozy housekeeping rooms and others.
j% SIXTH — 2 NEATLY FURNISHED
*.t~\J rooms; water; complete for housekeeping;
no children; Sll. ■ -
SIXTH— 4 CONVENIENT UNFURNISH-
OZiO ed rooms and cellar; $11; also 2 unfur-
nished rooms; $9.
Shotwell 8%-eet.
OQ"! SHOTWELL— UNFURNISHED LARGE
—OX bay-window front and back parlors with
small private family.
South Pare.
If* SOUTH PA RK-F U KNISHED HOUSE-
X\J keeping rooms, S7 to $12; 3 unfurnished
rooms, $7; single furnished room, $5.
Union Street.
m UNION— VERY LARGE FRONT ROOM
and kitchen; all conveniences; private
house; $10. .- > ■--
ROOMS TO LET.
Bush Stree..
1 1 07 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
x\J I rooms, gas, hot and coid water; bath.
icuy Street.
C OA EDDY— SUNNY, LARGE ROOM, GRATE,
*JO\J cheap: single, $3 50 per mouth.
ft! 4 EDDY, XR. LARKIX— SUNNY FRONT
v>l.*±room; gas, bath, closets; newly furnished;
$8.
1 ;tlitl) Street.
SHERMAN APARTMEJNT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
J-ius Street.
rpHE fiAMONA, ISO ELLIS: MRS. KATE 8.
J. HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated newly furnished: elevator; hot <fc cold water.
pOSKDXLE~HOUSE, 321 ELLIb— IOO ROOMS
XV at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
Fulton Street.
"I F.QO FULTON, N EAR THE NICELY
X«Jt7u furnished sunny front rooms, single or en
suite.
i«eary siieu:,
9"I 71 GEARY-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
— 1 I a or unfurnished rooms: key at 217.
riIHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms:
10 per month up. 1101 Geary St., SW. cor. Van
JN ess aye.
drove Street. -
000 GROVE— NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT
— — — bay-window room for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
also single room.
Hermann Street.
9 HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
—»J rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen: gas and bath.
huwit.'ii Street.
1 9HQ I HOWARD — ELEGANT LARGE
-L«£vli72 room; $7; 1 or 2 gentlemen; new flat.
lOX HOWARD-LARGE SUNNY BAY-
X.Zi%j~t window room: suitable for man and wife
or 2 gents; every convenience: cheap.
Howard Court,
2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS FOR 1 OR 2
gentlemen. 5 Howard court, off Howard, near
Fonrth.
tiones Stree;.
nr JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I alcove room ; private.
Of ) T -'< >N —'JH ii \AX WINKLE: .NKW
£\) I management: elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished; bath, etc.; SIU to *:><>.
i*-«:arnjr Streo..
A BLIWGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARXY-PLBAS-
XV ast runny rooms, en suite and single; first cUu
.1 every respect; terms reasonable.
Lewis Street.
•|Q LEWIS BT., OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3
1 0 rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
3iark»- >.it«.. ; ;
VOSEMITF, HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
1 night, 35c to $1; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR. MA-
son— Nice furnished sunny rooms; *7 month.
3i wain Mreu..
(KPJI MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DO I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
-.it>»jon - rec.
O-\ Q MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
D-l O rooms. 15c to 50c per night; $1 to $2 weeic.
mHE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION, NEAR
1 Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 50 a day.
1 (Y)fl MISSION— FURNISHED ROOM; HOT
X VjZAj and cold water.
Street.
1(11 SIXTH— NICE SUNNY FRONT SUITES
103 of rooms: reasonable: transient 60c per
night: suitable offices tor doctor or dentist.
9.17 SIXTH— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
•-— • suitable for doctor or dentist; $25.
9 A 9 SIXTH-LARGE ROOM SUITABLE FOR
A'T.Zi 2 gentlemen; reasonable. .
Stockton Street.
41 rr STOCKTON— LARGE FRONT FUR-
'II i nisbed room, $10; single, $5 or 86; also
housekeeping.
sutter street.
* HALF FORMER RATES— FINELY FUR-
A nished rooms, $2 60 per week. The Shasta,
320% Butter st.
HAO SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR (THE SAN"
I \JO Remi)— Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single; references. - -
Taylor Street.
1 A.9 TAYLOR — SINGLE ROOMS; SINGLE
1U«. and en suite, cheap; aißo established doc-
tors' offices.
T7\Q TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
_LUO front rooms from $1 50 to $3.
'7ni TAYLOR-SUNNY CORNER SUITE;
ZUI suitable for doctor's office or dressmaking.
Tenth Street.
mTKNTH, NEAR MARKET— 3 LARGE
sunny rooms: housekeeping or board.
'I uric Street.
P. A A TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Oti _ front rooms en suite or separate; moderate.
William Street.
m WILLIAM, NEAR POST. BET. TAYLOR
and Jones— Nicely furnished front room,
independent, $8 per month; private family.
BOARDING ANl> ROOMS.
GOUGH, SB. PIN^Br?OELY FTJRNIBHED
large sunny room suitable for two gentlemen
or married couple: board optional; private family.
Address Reasonable, tox 113, Call Office.
7"i 4 » NEATLY furnished SUNNY
{ 1 — rooms; good table board: $20 up.
OTKL BERTLINO. 714 iiUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
em conveniences. ' '
CHILDREN BOARDED.
JXFANT ILD TO BOARD; GOOD CARE;
X reasonable. 625 a Natoma st.
STORES TO LET.
t^pITHRiST^XKTTirr^
&1 Z> suitable for an v retail business; low rent.
Apply St. Nicholas Hotel, 214 i-irit at.
Tj^INE CORNER STORK; GOOD LOCATION
JT for grocery or drugstore; cheap rent. Corner
McAllister and Brodericic sts.
rpb LKT-122 GEARY ST., A FINE BASE-
-1 ment: central. '
— ALOON— FINE SALOON TO LET CORNER
of Bryant and Gilbert streets; fixtures for sale;
cheap; rent $20. ■"
YTALF OF STORE; 7 KEARNY ST.: NOW
i occupied by P. Sentmeri: will be vacant July
4. Apply J- A. SCHMIDT, 4Mb Ellis St.
'a 1 FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
41 D in rear: suitable for any retail business: low
rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montg'y.
- HOTEL TO LET.
mo" LET— THiPvV. TELL HOUSE! 317-319
1 Bush St.- this well-known hotel Is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved: compares wltn
best 2d-class hotel In town. MADISON & BURKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
OFFICES TO LET. ' _ ..-
-6^cTuß^rWO ~ :U^P^R T % l :LO^lS^Bi^^
ing 126 O'Farre 1 street, near Alcazar Theater:
rentSiO. ASHTON & GARDINFR, 411 Mont-
gomery st. ..... . * •
QPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny olliccs. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building '
or U. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montcomery st.
musical INSTRUMENTS.
A OUR NEW RENT~c6^TRACT~PLAN
jt\. permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to ko elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Stein way representatives.
1 ELEGANT PIANO: SLIGHTLY USED; FINE
J ord«r: cheap, sheriff's Warehouse. 211 Lurk in.
PRIGHT PIANO; EXCELLENT TONE;
U fine case; imperative sale this week; an offer
is wanted. Room 12, Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL STEIN WAY UPRIGHT:
must be sold; a sacrifice sale. Room 10, bO9
.Market st.
STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STKKL-
Ing $100; $60. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
LAN OS— DO YOU WANT ONI-:?
stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CKR CO., 933 Market St. -
STEINWAY BABY GRAND, N EARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st.
Qj/yr ALMOST NEW: ROSEWOOD; FOR SALE
O • *■■>' on $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
BEAT OPPORTUNITY: 5 FINE UP-
V.T rights, $126 and $150 each: call early if you
want a bargain. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ & Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. a. l. Bancroft a CO.. 324 Posi St.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
V^ small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
Iky: violins. $1 36: mandolins, $3 S5; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc. new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building.
4. I t.l- FINE CHICKERIXG: SCHMITZ, 16
<&IjL.O. McAllister St., next to Hibernia Bank.
KRIYKD— OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
gradeT. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth St.
/WHICKERING, KNABK, STKCK.VOSE, STEP.-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pinaos
;or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
YKON MAUZY, :*8 POST ST.— BOHMEH
>\ewby * Evans, Hrices and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OITT&NEW
0 H. MULLEK. maker, repairer, '£ Latham nlace.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — THJ»
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HORSES.
J"~^oir^ATE^^EVE^XL~iaN^r^i^N?LE7
X 1 well-bred roadsters, single and double. ■ Call a t
331 Golden Gate aye.
"I = A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds: wagons, Dug-'ies, surreys,
rockaways, carts;' must be sold. 1128 Mission st,
~\ UCTIOX SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES,
il wagons, harness, etc., at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Lea venworth.evpry Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. ATKINS, auctioneer.
CAA SET NEW AND S*ECOND-HAXD HAR-
'•UU ness; all kinds; buggy, waeon. carts, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES FOtt SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
iv buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsd
Market. 327 Sixth su ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
o&sss PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Itir. ' Th" Hyde Ranch. 680 Commercial st-
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
mwO-HORSE TOP- WAGON WITH OR w7?h"-
X out team. H. W., box 156, Call Office.
\V ANTED — A TEAM OF (MUSTANG)
'» horses; must.be cheap. 1555 Kearny st.
ATEW FARM WAGON FOR SALE CHEAP.
XX Inquire at 1340 Kirk-ham St., Oakland.
AND6OME FAMILY CARRIAGE, NEARLY
new, and single harness, together or sepa-
rately, for sale. 822 Broadway. Oakland.
OTANDING-TOP DOCTOR'S PHAETON; GOOD
k5 as new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market.
QLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
0 samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
"VTKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN~
Xi dry. re ilk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. M2B Harrison st.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
S'^iX^TrKTe^^RT^Am^hTyoßOK, any: l,
tools, pulleys, sbatting, etc. 14/2 Devisadero.
WINDMILL.PUMP AND LARGE
-Ci tank cheap. Inquire 521 sixth st.
TENTS AND CAMPING CHAIRS FOR
sale. Inquire 521 Sixth at.
IJICYCLE BARGAINS— '96 MODELS: STRICT- I
Xi ly high grade; tandems, la lies' and gents'
wheels; don't fall to call and Inspect before buy-
ing. F. R. GRANXI3 & CO., 609 Market St.
FRESH HOLSTEIN COW; 4 YEARS OLD;
gentle. 1312 Folsom st. .- . . .
T EGHORNS, WHITE. BROWN AND BUFF,
XJ $1 each: fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alameda.
YEW &2N D-HAND " '95" BICYCLES, $25 TO
-L> $65. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
CIOUNTERB, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 1121Va Market, bet. 7th & Bth.
QIX-HORSEPOWER GAS Oil GASOLINE
kJ engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st.
T/'llTsT-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
i: ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal-
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office. ■'■ .
ECUXD-HAXD GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
Mines; various sizes: guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call.
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
IjOILERS,ENGINEs,2D-HANDMACHINERY,
J> waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHE3
J) doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
Kit SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
fire and burglar proof safe. 3 09, 11l Market K.
LUKE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTE R-
X press, platform scales and desk;cheap. 102 Clay.
IV'EVV RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
Ii hand. \V. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California su
MEDICAL.
ALL CASES oIp~IRREGULARITIES RE-
A stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specially, unexcel ed in restoring Irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market St. to 904 McAllister st.
rTjussely'N," the gRE AT SPECIALIST,
XJ has removed to 1206 Market St., near Sixth.
PSYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CURES
J paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
troubles; no charge uniess cured. 8 Mason st.,
corner Market, room 11.
LADIES, CONSULT FREE MMB. DR. SCOTT.
J 216 Powell st.: only qualified specialist; $500
for case 1 fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
RD'S PILLS!— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
x specialty; also "Pine Baths." Rooms '6 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland.
RS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
I F IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264y Fourth st.
AT ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT ;
1' all female diseases treated : expert physicians:
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9."
NEW^PROCKSS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRIT
ment or worthless pills used; 'every woman her
' own physician for all female troubles, no mat
from what cause; restores always In one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home; all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFIiNEMENT.~MRsT
X DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
BLESSING TO LADIES SU~FFERIN<3
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment;
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
♦■Recta; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately ; prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. it MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
USE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause ; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. PR. GWYEH, 226 Turk st. -
T\R, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER hTKKKT, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children. ,
A LFKAU'S FRENCH PILLM-A BOON TO !
J\. ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal. .
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
"~"!pD~v7cETFR"*iE^DTvoK?J^^
J\. alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended ta O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
lE. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
J. R. K. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California st.
m J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
1 . law:, advice free. 24 Sixth, at., rooms 14, 15.
W.DAVIDSON.ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.42O
. California St.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
„. „ PHYSICIANS. ■—
EMOVED— DR. cTcTo^DONXEIL i "fo" 1208
Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. -
I
PERSONALS. .
OH^TTTDUNNr~IF~iN THIS CITY. COM-
municate with Oakland friends. . , :
ABY BOY 4 MONTHS OLD FOR ADOP-
t;on by well-to-do family who can furnish good
horn.' to child. Address W. R., box BJ, this office.
CLICKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
m&nufrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome, upstairs.
Tli : ECONOMY MILLINERY, 40 SIXTH ST.:
X selling out at cost; store and fixtures for sale.
LICE-TOM SAYS HIS GIRL ~G OT~H ER
hair dressed at G. LEDEKER'S, 111 Stocittoa
St.. and it was "out of sight": you'd better go
there; It's only 25c, too; the store is nearest Geary
gt. . ROSE.
AIR DRESSED. 25c: SHAMPOO, 250: MAN-
JLL leure, 25c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevatr.
T)ARTIXGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X. and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude j
Partington, R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
A DVICE FREE; DIVOKCK LAWS ; A SPB-
xx cialty; private; no char;« unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWK.atty-at-!aw, 850 Market st
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630- MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cent*.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeKs; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
II low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Keuruy.
/CONSUMPTION -TREATED. BY A NEW
\J method. DR. AMERICAN, 36^ Geary st.;
hours 12 to 2:30. - - - .
KO. "W. PHELPP, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome st., room 4.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties. $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company.l 117 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
LIBERAL A i' V AN C ON DIAMONDS JEW-
J clry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
0 PECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors, Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 817.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmingß guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
rffRUXKS MOVED, 26 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer . company, 43 Sutter st.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
1 l\l\l\ CARDS, $150; SHOW CARDS, 15c;
i> 1 \)\J teL Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary st., r. 39.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
A can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc: also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
X\i Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and . baggage to and from the ferry.
SKTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-'
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
pITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
\J Geary, ren.cved from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
I>IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertiEements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
OL.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought- COL.MAN. 41 '-tn. cor. Ji»««l(».
~~ DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 50534. Natomit st., above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
_ A ! — ■ ■ 1 A
50 cts and $I—so cts and $I—6o cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Bust-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, rind lost
or stolen property, interpret dreams, cure &ad
habits and destroy evil influences in halt ths
time required by the b(»t of the other mediums.
Remember, there are Dat few mediums in tua
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Frauclsco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
May. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6 p. 11.
Letters containing stamps answers.!.
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE.
1728 Market st.
Assistance and advice
x\. that makes tne unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOM M. L. CARXELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted in love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil In-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium: guarantees you a true ;
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 60c and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms Sand 4, 917 Market sU
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED gypsy, gives
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. .Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
ME. MORE A BKST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard St.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, reader, born with a douole veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME. ARNDT, BKST FORTUNE TELLER IX
the world: 50c and $1, scows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
X wonderful power; advice on all affairs: busi-
ness confidential: letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday.
\|RS. WILSON— PAST, PRESENT, future";
IVI ladles 60c, gents $1; no sign. 1722 Market st.
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
Me. LEGKITE; PRESENT, past and
future: 25c. 311 Tcbama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY';
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
■TT'THEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
XJI Ist: mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME. SYBILLE TtSLLH FROM CRADLi-J TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell el.
ETURNEu, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
X\ SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
~~~~ SPIRITUALISM. —
„__ t-,n,-,.r ,-o^.r.- .-i.q.n -i . - ■ . .- -, . -,. -n.
ADDIE SWAIN'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT.
-rV. 14 McAllister, r. 18. No fee except as a gift.
TVEVELOPING CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 25c;
XJ MME. YOUNG, 605 McAllls «r: sittings daily.
LARKIN— PEOPLE'S SPIKI . UALISTS"
{Society; speaking ; tests; best talent; free.;
VTeMO V A L— A DDIE S\VAIn7aSTRAL SE~ER
It and psychic physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20; no fee except as a gift.
.tTTrS. KATE HOSKINH TRANCE AND busi-
I'l ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136 Oak si.
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1 ; letter $2.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 23 B Stockton st.
• ASTROLOGY. .
D" "rTmeXiTaNSWERS ALL QIJEs"'FTo?nrBY
planets: dally or by mall, $2. Wife Geary at. •
_ __________ ,
DENTIBTS.
F^^nTF7Sß^ATETlio^^:vin{E^TTltAß2
\J chance to catch on. Departure, box 81, Call.
IRST-CLASS dentistry": : FIRST-CLASS
JT prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 600 Sutter St., corner Powell.
R. DUCKETT, 1703 FO.VT ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R.L. T. i KAXZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary sC, cor. Grant ays. -
CIROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
) ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1 extracting 60c, withgassl.
<o>n A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
tip I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,'
dentist. 980 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
T.IULL Ml 1 OF TEfc/l'li, $7; WARRANTED
r five years. DR./V. CAVaLSKY. 84 Sixth at.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A i'IATK DR. H.
O. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
I \B, GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
without any ulate, moved from 0 10 20 O'Farrell st.
P~ AINLESS EXTRACTION. We; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 vearV
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81584 Geary.
I JR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARXY — BRIDUK-
XJ work a specialty ; open evenings 7:30 to 9. •
/ AOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUti AlAii"
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206MARKET, COR. GOLDEX
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
A Li. WORK REASONABLE AND WilT
A ranted. : DR. J W. KBY. 1122 Market st.
_— _____________
TO LEASE.
A^tX5&ATN^n : O^LEliBiir3 ; 0^r V T^RM~^
ii- years, 1100 acres near lies, Alameda County,
Cal.; fine grazing and part for farming, inquire
of S. HA I.Z. OntervlllP, Alameda County. < .
.:''.. SEWING MACHINES.
\ro. 3 singer harness
1> chine (heap. 191SMisn!on, be. 15th and 16th.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
xL rented, repaired ; lowest rate*. 205 Fourth Hi.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ..
flj>-j f\ 'SOO SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Business corner NW. Post end Laguna s:s. : rent
$79 50: go and see this at once, as it is a particu-
larly choice piece. O'FARRELL & CO.. \
11 Montgomery, st.
&QCif\(\ COTTAGE NEAR MARKET AND
<JJ)^UUU. Valencia sts.: worth $3500; offered
at this low figure to make immediate sale.
O'FARRELL & CO., -. • . 5
_ ; 11 Montgomery st.
© 1 C)f)f\ LOT NR. 3D AND MISSION STS.;
tDK — VV/« on small street: worth $2500.
O'FARRELL & C,i.,
_ 11 Montgomery st.
f)NLY $5000. WORTH $8000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
' ." . ■■ ' " "■■-" .
Nearly new house of 8 rooms and bath: in first-
class condition; fine marine view: sold on account
of departure from th« city and sacrificed to make
quick sale. O'FAIiBELL & CO., 11 Montgomery,
\yE WANT YOU
TO SEE OUR NEW OFFERING.
BUILDING LOTS.
50 OF THEM.
ALL LEVEL
AND BEAUTIFULLY
Located on the line of the Mlssion-st. cars; only 25
minutes' ride from the City HalL
Terms very easy ; $10 cash ; balance $10 a month.
Come to-day and see the artistic Knstlake cot-
tages built on the property at a cost of $1100 for
bouse and lot.
To visit this property take Mlsslon-st. electric-
cars, ask the conductor to stop at Francis st. You
will there find our branch office and representa-
tive, who will show you over the property and
furnish any further information.
1 ■,r.-\-,^ : : ■':?■. ; ; ;
O'FARRELL & CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
FITCHBURG-IS MIDWAY BETWEEN OAK-
land and San Leandro, on the only county road
connecting those populous cities. .
It fronts on the famous highway leading from
Fruitvale to Haywards and extends to Oakland
harbor and possesses all the natural advantages
requisite for a thriving business communi y.
It is systematically laid out into biocks and lots,
bounded by wide streets newly graded and grav-
eled.
Twenty-six direct- fast ferry trains daily (San
Leandro and Hay wards local) to and from San
Francisco and Oakland stop at the commodious
station just completed by the Southern Pacific
R. R. Co. Sidetracks, warehouses and other con-
veniences tor the accommodation of freight ship-
pers.
San 1 eaudro and Haywards electric car service
every few minutes to Oakland.
Theater trains run on both lines-
Distance and time the same as to Alameda or
Berkeley.
Be first to secure lots at low prices and grow up
with the town.
Prices as low as scattering lots can be*bought for
in isolated tracts In some far off hay field.
Lots 25 and 50x100 to 200 only $100 to $200.
Ten per cent cash, balance easy terms.
Full particulars of
THAD. S. FITCH, Fttchbnrg.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
ffijfAa 98:10 US OCEAN HOUSE ROAD, 90
«>DDUU. feet on High st., 140 feet depth; lot 2,
block 25, Noe Garden Homestead Union.
$500—83 feet on Ocean House road; 70 feet on
High st,: 140 feet depth; lot 3. block 25, Noe Gar-
aen Homestead Union. CHAS. C. FISHER, 507
California st.
<]>/•'?,-; 50x112; N. SIDE SILVER AYE.; 50
<JpU I •'. feet E. of Crau st., College Homestead
Association. CHAS. C. FISHER, 507 California.
IG BARGAIN— AN ELEGANT HOME. $700
cash, balance monthly, 2-story, 6 rooms, bath,
high basement, fine barn and drive; lot 28x120:
only $3400;. fine location. 365 First aye., nr.
Clement St., owner 1402 Dev.'sadero st. -
PLEASE NOTICE! BANK FORECLOSURE!
X LEASE NOTICE! BANK FORECLOSURE !
SPECIAL SALE! SPECIAL, SALE!
?0 properties; some very choice; gee them.
30 properties; some very choice; see them.
Chance to get property at half actual value.
Chance to get property at half actual value.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
HEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
rooms; bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller St., nr. Stanyan, i/ 3 block G. Gate Park.
T?OR BALE— ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE
J? just completed: opp. park; modern. 1917 Oak
o OUT TO-DAY "~
AND SEE THOSE LOTS
ON H AND I STS..
9TH AND 10TH AYES.,
Fronting the park at the 9,h-ave. entrance (south
side; $50 cash, $10 monthly; prices very low;
$750 and upward; streets on official grade: gas
and water\>tped to the property. BALDWIN <5t
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
CTjOnnfl CLARA, NR. FIFTH; 23x80:
tJpOUUU. front and rear house; rent $41.
$860— Diamond, nr. 21st; 60x125; $050 mort-
gage in bank can remain.
$3uOO— California-st. business corner; Rich-
mond; new building; fine grocery store and bar;
also 4 rooms and bath; rare opportunity for gro-
ceryman, etc.
$3000— St., cor. Lombard; 80x75.
L. OESTERKEICHEK, 630Market.opp. Palace.
CC. BEMIs.
. SEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of Stanyan St., ' bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$460— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric road pames houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
TO Q7 fin FINE PLACE FOR A TEAMSTER,
IUU. near Bryant and Sixth sts.; 2-s;ory
house of 7 rooms : stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons:
street accepted size 37:6x80. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 24 Montgomery st.
OTS $150 — RU I T VALK TERMINAL
tract; $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
(ijjqcnn just f7xisHedT~e~lkgant 2-
tJpOc/UvJ. story bay-window house of 7 rooms;
latest improvements; cash $500. Bryant aye.,
near Twenty-firs', st.
©QAA NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; 5 RMS.;
<jDOUu. hard finished. Inquire 210 Andover
aye., bet. Crescent and East aye., Holly Park Tract.
<JJI9I Hfi COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
— IUI/. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery St.
Q'H^fin N BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE;
<p/.UUU. lot 26x100; part cash; bargain. P.,
box 39, Call Office.
WHY PAY RENT? :.-■
11 When you can buy cheap on terms'one of
the finest nouses of 8 and 10 rooms in the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole st., near Waller; all
modern improvements; street to be nituminized;
large lots, 25x125. Owner on premises.
TV* UST BE SOLD IX THE NEXT 10 DAYS.
l'l $10,000— See this beautiful business corner;
SW. cor. Folsom and 21st sts; 95x90: offer wanted.
$2750—2 lots 25x1t0 each; N. side of Page si.,
87 feet from Shrader; net. Shrader and Stanyan
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
ARGAIN; SACRIFICE: HO REASONABLE
offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc.; would exchange.
SHADBURNE. 416 Montgomery st.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
A COB HEY MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
0 removed to 11 Montgomery st.
property TO i .V« HA 1..
I"9oiT^alle^r exchange for ctty"lot,
' 20 acres of choice fruit land in Santa Clara
County. Apply 645 Natoma st.
C.f\f\ BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
(JUU 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0.. .510,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0.......... 30.000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 8,000
U. C. DECKKR, 10/0 Market St., opposite Fifth.
•UIOR EXCHANGE— FOR PROPERTY IN OAK-
JP land or vicinity: 320 acres, level land, in artes-
ian belt, Tulare County; near located line of
Valley road £0 Bakersrield. Address A. TUSIN,
Call Office, Oakland. ,
VORSALE OK EXCHANGE— .SAN
JP Francisco residence; also Berkeley lots. CUR-
TIS & BOWLEY CO., 310 Safe Deport building.
1 OQ/l ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J._Ql> water: fine for catl!e-r:Us!ng. N..bx,16.Ca1l
, PROPERTY WANTED.
A^TE^^vH^L^^iJipltov^rr^yAKM.s ;
. VV sale or exchange. At SPECK & CO., 602 Mar-
ket st. — - - -
~~ STORAGE. ■■■" ■• ■ :. :
hT^OONEyT?22'mISSION— storage AT
. reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
TORAOE— CHEAPESTIN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made.: 211 Larkin.
URNITURK, PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK.2O4 Post.
T OWEST RATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS,
JU household goods, etc. J. M. l**erce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
, COUNTRY REALY ESTATE.
mcTLE ASE7IMM EDI ATEL Y— FRU IT ranch
1 of 30 acres, 26 acres in fruit; "Va miles from
Auburn, Placer County: comfortable house; terms
1£ cash, balance when crop Is picked. Address
MRS. A. FRIED, Newcastle. Cal. ■
* LAMKDA COUNTY ; FRUIT LAND :
iA. choicest in the State:- selling in tracts. 5 seres
upward, $35 per acre; adjoining lauds he'd at $100
ptr acre: owner forced to sell: U/a hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect. 57
Chronicle building _\ ■•«.-. - > . ••■'■■
<3H ?\iUi AN ISLAND OF 16 ACRES IN THli
<£)tJUU. Russian River; ; house and burn: all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 16 acres in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
CHARLKS COLTON, 906 Market st.
MOIJKL FARM OF 1000 ACRES AT MEN-
Io Park; all clear: will exchange for income
city property.. Apply SPKCK & CO., 602 Market.
Cl('f\(\<\ FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE; 10
r>p UUuu. acres planted all varieties fruit: 4-
room house, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
ing utensils included. Apply F. B. HOOSON. Hay-
wards. ... ' •
dTj~7*7wTA FOOTHILL HOME: 5 ACRES IN
iJpOUV/U. San Mateo County: 23 miles from
San Francisco; hair mile from railroad: modern
house; 9 large rooms, oath, etc.; tine stable for 4
horses. C.S. MERRILL, room 8, floor 8. Mills
Building, San Francisco.
1 R{\ ACRES GOVERNMENT LAND: FINE
J-UU home; cheap. 20 O'Farrell st., room 4.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES '26 MILES
from city: lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $10 to $76 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. !• ..-
JI*OR HOMES IN LOSGATOS OR ORCHARDS
} in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. R. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble & CO.
END FU±l OUlt LIST OF ORCHARD ii"3 ■! r.S
for sale. W-OOSTER & WHITTON. ban Jo»».
T ITI"LK HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN: 15?
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acn»
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved.
with small house, etc. D. H. TWlflti, uouoma'
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CIOZY' HOME; $3250, CASH 81250; 5 ROOM*,
1 porcelain bath; choice flowers; greenhouse:
cement walks: near churches and schools;
centrally located: will ne'. purchaser 7 per cent;
owner will remain as tenant or vacate; principals
only. . Address E. CRAG, Call Office. Oakland.
<£9nnn HOUSE 8 ROOMS; LOT 30x115:
<Jp_UUU. near station: must be sacrificed on
account departure. Apply A. J. TAIT, 1566
Seventh St., Center station, Oakland.
<E»/»fjnfk TO LOAX UN GOOD SECURITY
<JSUI-'UU at 12 per cent: money on hand: no
commission. J. H. EDSON, 908 Broadway. Oak-
land.
Q;9(7r|| READ! READ READ! $30 PER
<Jp«3 I Oy'. month and no cash, down for a new
modern 8- room house: bath; lot 35x125. ALDEN
<fc CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
ARcTe^ KBV, iX^ROOM^TuR'NisH E D
XJ dwelling (overlooking Lake Merrltt) with mod-
ern conveniences for rent. For particulars call at
premises between 3 and 5 p. it., 121 Lake St., Oak-
land.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARDING.
I^pOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— LET.
X with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st. »
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAHKDA REAL ESTATE.
S^TmYT^N^vTTo^oTjM^r^CLITjIODERN
improvements: finely furnished; gas and
water; only $5500: lame lot.
To rent— Four finely furnished houses; also un-
furnished. JODD, 1424 Park st., Alameda.
FFER WANTifiD FOR NEW 6-ROOM COT-
tage: all modern improvements and street
work. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
OR SALE— ~
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco property. Apply
JbiASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.,
San Francisco, Cal.
mi 1 [\(\ LOT 50x190: STREET WORK ALL
«JpJ IUU. done: beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; 1 -room house to
rent unfurnished; finest location in Alameda, cor.
Central aye. and Benton st. T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park su
ffi(/;f\Hfl BEAUTIFUL NE W MODERN
<IpUUUvJ. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one Dlock west of Park st.; it will surely please
you: investigate; terras to suit. G. B. M. "GRAY,
463 Ninth su Oakland.
AKGAIN-$1350; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150; house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OMES BUILT ON TKRMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. R. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder. 1502 Seventh st. AUmeda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS TO LET.
O^K^~s^l^T^mSol^r^'UK^l^H^ED^FOß
«> housekeeping: very convenient. 3219 Briargs »y
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JOSEPH J. MASON, RE al' EST ATE~AND
Insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. . ,
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY it CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR~RE~nT^^hI)ICEST LOC A TION " in
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
IpOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE; 6 ROOMS
-T and batn: piano; 525 kOI4 Virginia st., near
Shattnck aye.. Berry man station.
™ BIOI<iEY TO LOAN.
YsT* 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E*
±_tes;lowest rates deIay .MURPHY.62B Mricr.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY, i£TU
J\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Oflice. 9 Grant aye.
OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal: any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES^
-ex. jewelry, also ou furniture, pianos, without - re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market St.; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
XV estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments; interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
OXEY LYING IDLE: TAKKATSS INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
AioisEY loaned ON jewelry and
IVI ether valuables at the B«curUy ■ Loan Offlca,
l]C6MarketsU.nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turt.
1 \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market at.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
O life insurance policies, 33U Pine st.
T OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
XJ diamonds : confidential. linom 307. 6 Kfl.lv st
: ~~ ~. Pawnbrokers.
T~ 128 kEARNY'sf^ '^OaaT'^—ON-Y ■
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: PA*
vate rooms', elevator: pledges tor sal i cheap.
PROPOSALS.
ROPOSALS" FOR "X^'cOX^R^T^TTaULK^
head and bituminous yard work— Sealed propo-
sals will be receive;! by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in open session of the Board of
Education, new Ci'y Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24, 1896, at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work at. the North Cosmopolitan
Grammer school in accordance with plans and
specification* (and thecon lions mentioned there-
in) at the office 01 Charles I. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right ;
to reject any or all bins as the public good may re- i
quire. GEORGE BEAN STON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR SUPPLIES FOR VETE- j
X rans' Home Association— Notice Is hereby- i
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, nt its Office, room 13. 3'~'o Sansome street,
(San Francisco, Cat., up to. 10 o'clock a. is... Satur-
day, June 27, 1896, and opened Immediately there- j
after in the presence of bidders, tor furnishing and i
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies !
for the crans' Home, Napa County, California
(inroad station, Yountvllle), for the six months
commencing July 1, 1896, and ending Decemoer
81, 1896. '
Schedules with information and instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon application
by the undersigned. Bidders will carefully follow
the conditions or the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless it is in accordance with such
schedules Each bidder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per cent
of the amount of his bio, payable to J. C. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will enter
into a g od and valid contract upon : notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, secretary Veterans'
Home Association, room 13,320 Sansome street,
San Francisco, Cal. : '
By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
EDUCATIONAL.
■7lanjo"~andl pTAN^^N^rluJcrioNs;
'■ prices reasonable: pupil of George Dobson,
New York; home 2 to 8 P. M. H. L. MILLEH,
907 Howard st.
l; x i ■ : : 1 ;.; n,• k 1 j TEACHER WISHES FEW
xv more aault pupils of neglected •lucation: pu-
P'^coaclH-d; strictly private. Call or address F.
G., 619 Geary st.
MRS. METvILLE-SNYDER, STUDIO 514
>.»i butter st.; vocal music, piano, elocution: dra-
matic elocution: skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte,
etc. Vocal classes Mond»y t 8 p. m. ; $1 per month.
ODKKEKPING BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT- -
ant teaching; 1/3 time, and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
4 TTEND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
A. si. I The very b^st individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manshlp. Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
HW3H i's 10-liETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
latest ami best; 100 words per minute guar-
anl'd; 2 mo. (lncld. typewriting), s2s. 927 Market.
UiTAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTKaUS, 39 Fifth.
RIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
JTes Tues. and Fri. Misses BUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 83
O Ninth st.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ABITHMTC, GRAM R
day &, ni-.'ht; noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
i,' i'A.>Ji>«. FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
0 and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze bld.,r.a7.
l- PUNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
k-iMelsterschaft School Languages. 133 O'Farrell
RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: lit*
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
I^ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X) Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
QCUOOL KLKCTRICAU CIVIL, MINING, MX-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. 64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 728 Mfct.
HEALD'S~BUSINESS COLLEGE, 'ii POST SXT
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand.
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modaza
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
jV W ill SCHOOL; UK! S. CViLLKOii-.J k
X\ POBt:('ommerdßl. shorthand. Kti" 1 ! 1 low won
LAl'liSl Sail'FLNu IJ<X— VJtU
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 9— Stmr Circassia,
from Glasgow and Movil'e.
Sailed June 9— Stmr Lahn, for Bremen; stmr
Aurania, for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Arrived out June 9— Stmr Veen-
dam.
-MUVlLLE— Arrived out June 9-Stmr State of
Nebraska.
LIVERPOOL-Arrived out June 10-Stmr Ma-
jestic.
ISLE OF WIGHT-Passed June 9-Stmr Patria
from Hambnrs, for New York.
LlZARD— Passed June 9— Stmr Saal\ from
New York, for Bremen; stmr spie.-, from New
York, for Bremen.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday :
Jules H. Spitzer and Fanny Tr.ivlor. 24—24.
Edwin J. Healeyand Annie Murphy, 2t— lB.
Edward O. Doul and Maria Stevens, 25—24.
Albert Mensorand Hattie E. Coleman, 25—22.
J. J. Fri»-deric--s and A. B. McMaster, 27— "20.
Henry F. Bonaire and Esther M- Brown, 31—22.
F. Almond and Lillie A. Wes'.erberg- 25— 25.
E. T. Komaizbara and Kiyo Tsuchiya, 28—24.
Edward V. Brnnnan and Annie Murray. 35—24
Rod -rt O'Brien and Louise Murphy. 39—27.
W. J. Parker and Heleu M. Nickers in. 40—22.
Thomas J. Maley and Maggie O'Hare. 35—21. "
Archibald McNeil! and Ida Schneider, 26—23.
Arthur I'avson and Alice Bon:icr, 4 > — 3D.
UiVOiCUii I* H\> C -j I.*-j >.
Suits fll«vl:
Ida W. Scale against William A. Scale.
Fannie B. Sperr/ against George T. Sparry.
Joseph Dilhan against Grace A. Dilhan.
Kate Goldstein against Joseph Goldstein.
Alphome Lailemant against Angel Lallemant.
M. I. Chamberlain against W. E. Chamberlain.
Divorces granted:
Amanda S. Moors from John <'. Moore, cruelty.
Minnie Besser from William Besser, failure to
provide.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
(Birth, marriage arid death notices sent by mill
will not be inserted. They must be handed In a:
either of the publication office and be indorse I
with the name and residence of persons autUorisai
to have the uum published.)
BORN.
AUSTIN— In this city, June 8, 1896, to the wife of
11. N. A. Austin, a daughter.
BERGGREN-In thin city, Jsne 8, 1898, to the
wife of Charles Bercgren, a sou.
BOY In this city. June 5, 1838, to the wife of
John A. Boyd, a daughter.
PISANI— June 6,1896, to the wife of Giovanni
Plsani. a »on. ■ ■
MARRIED.
GAMAGE— LEWIS— In Petaluma, .Tune 1898,
by the Rev. Dr. Partridge, Jute C. Gamace of
San Francisco and Lilian Louise Lewis of Peta-
ln*nH.
aJjl^x:.
Bretschneider, Fritz Lawler. Pat
Bremer, Chri*th>,'i Phillips, James
Chanaron, Hilano Ryan, >ar.ih
Christie, Isabella P. ilaymoad, Harriet £.
r-rfscoll, Margaret swhmsoii. Li.lie V.
Gaul, James s--lion, Henrietta F.
Gllligan, Mary Wright, George
BRETSCHNKIDER-In this city, June 7, 1896,
Fritz, beloved husband of Kathrine Bret-
schnelder, a native of Germany, a s ed 56 years
and 6 days.
frlenas ana acinalntancei sr> resnecv
fully invited to attend th» funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. trom the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street. ', Interment '.. O. O. F. Cemetery,
BREMER-In Alum»da, June 8, 18S6, Christian
beloved husband of Magdalena Bremer, and
father of Agnes D. and C H. "rcmei", a native of
Holsteln, Germany, aged 71 years 11 months
and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintance! art» r<MOf>c"-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), June 11, at 10 a. m.. from his late
residence, 823 Central avenue, Alameda.
Please omit flowers. Interment private, Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
CHRISTIE— In this city, June 8, 1898. Isabella
P.. beloved daughter of Margaret I*. and George
Christie, and sister 01 Margaret Christie, a na-
tive of California, aged 27 years 9 months and
10 days. •
USf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral THIS DAY
. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission streot, near 'I wenty-flrsu Inter-
ment Cypres3 Lawn Cemetery.
CHANARON- in this city, .Tune 9, !S^-j. HiiarlO,
beloved husband of Amelia Chanaron, a native
of France, aged 57 years.
JS"FrlBiids and acquaintance* ar« f^nec"-
fully invited toa'tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. scat his lAta
residence! 609 Castro street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services, Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city. June 8, 1836, Margaret,
beloved wife of Daniel Dri-icoll, a native of
' Ireland, aged 65 years. •
*3-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. at., from her latti
residence, 1431 Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mas*
will b« celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery. Nofloivers. _ ';*.;._
GILLIGAN— In Oakland June 8,1 896. Mary, be-
loved wife of James Gilllgan, Mai mother of Ed-
ward F., James, Thomas. Nellie, Jennie and
Annie Gillizan and Mrs. Vincent Chloupeck and
Mrs. Ernest Brown, a native of County s>ligo, Ire-
land, aged 74 years.
JHTFriends and acquaintance* arc resneet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 187 Seventh street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where a
solemn requiem mass will he celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at lOo'clock a.m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
GAUL— In this city, June 9, 1898. James, beloved
husband of Maria Gaul, a native of County Kil-
kenny, Ireland, aged 65 years.
jGS~Friendj and acquaintances are rp—act-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock a. it., from his
late residence, 617 Bush siree:, thence to Church
of Notee Dame dcs Victoires, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrate t for the repose of
h's soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m.
Pleas • omit flowers. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
LAWLER-In the City and County Hospital,
June 0, 1896, Pat I-awler, aged 41 yean.
PHILLIPS— In the City and County Hospital,
June 8, 1896, James Phiil ps, aged 48 years. ,
RAYMOND— Jnne 8. 1896, Harriot Eliza, widow
of the late William H. Raymond, a native of
Pater on, N. V,, aged 71 years 6 mouths and
v 3 days.. [Toledo (Ohio) and New York City
papers please copy.]
«3-Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.; at her late
• residence, 1115 Hyde street.
SKLLOX— In this city, June 9, 1896, Henrietta F.,
beloved wife of Samuel K. Sellon, a native of
Bos; on, Mas?., aged 57 years and 10 months.
[Boston papers please copy, j j
RYAN— In the City and County Hospital, June
9, 1893, Sarah Ryan, aged 75 years.
SWANSON— In this city, June 7, 1896, Lillie V,
beloved daughter of Victoria Wagner, mother of
Hazel s wanson, and sister of Jennie. Bertie and
John Wagner and Mrs. D. White, and Mrs. L.
Ke-ler.a naive of Nashville, Term., aged 'ii
y«aw and 4 months. '
' KW Friends and acquaintance? ! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter & Co.. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' cemetery.
WRIGHT— In the Uicr ana Count* Hospital, June
9, J896, George Wright, aged 67 years.
I WJCAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIBECTORS A EMBALMKRS,
20 Fifth St., Opp. liincoin School.
Telephone 3080.
1516
HE AND NOT SHE
MADE THE DIVE
One of T. P. Robinson's
Clever Illusions
Exposed.
AT THE SUTRO BATHS.
Cornell, a Skillful Amateur
Natatorial Performer, Imper
sonated a Lady.
THOUSANDS WERE DECEIVED.
They Were Attracted by the An
nouncement That Miss Foote
Would Leap Seventy Feet.
Miss Isadore Foote, who Sunday last
was written up in a profusely illustrated
article in the Examiner as a heroine of un
equaled daring and skill as a high and
fancy diver, is a myth, at least so far as the
Miss Isadore Foote— as Impersonated by— Roger B. Cornell.
feats of last Saturday afternoon at the
Sutro baths are concerned.
She may, however, exist, and in fact is
vouched for as being a reality by T. P.
Robinson, under whose auspices she was
advertised to appear last Saturday.
Miss Foote on that occasion was billed
for considerable fancy diving from a
trapeze in which she was to be aided by
Dana Thompson, and also for a crowning
feat of her daring and ability in the shape
of a dive from a height of seventy feet.
To the thousands of spectators who were
attracted by this interesting programme
everything apparently passed off exactly
a* outlined.
Yet Miss Foote at the time her admirers
believed their blood was being made to run
cold by t-er hazardous performance might
just as well have been in China so far as
her participation in the afternoon's enter
tainment was concerned.
In brief the lady advertised so widely
and lauded so highly was, in fact, a youth
not yet turned 20, who has won a remark
able record both as a diver and a swimmer.
His name is Roger B. Cornell ; he is
captain of the California Swimming Club,
and holds a number of enviable records as
an amateur.
Parodying the account in the Examiner
of Sunday, by simply substituting the
masculine for the feminine pronoun, a
graphic picture of the performance is ob
tained. Here it is:
He'isayoung man of medium height and
pleasing appearance. Though he looks rather
slender he is very muscular, and in addition to
his ability as a swimmer, he enjoys the repu
tation of being an all-around athlete. He has
been giving exhibitions of his skill as a mer
maid throughout the country for a number of
years. This was his first appearance in San
Francisco. His act is one of great ris*. If he
loses his presence of mind for a moment dur
ing the flight through the air, he is apt to
meet with a serious accident. For this reason
he takes the greatest care and pains to gauge
his distance before he leaps from the platform
or the trapeze. Ii he does not strike the water
hands or feet first, he takes chances of seriously
injuring himself.
His first performance yesterday consisted of
| Ginger
! Lot's of
i Ginger
>
i
i
: Fred Brown's
Ginger
For cramps, colic, cholera morbus, dys-
entery and ail summer complaints.
Sold everywhere. Made only by
FRED BROWN CO., PHILADELPHIA.
a series of leaps and somersaults fronc a flying
trapeze. He stood on the bar and swung about
for a few moments preparatory to his leap.
When the trapeze was swinging until the ropes
were parallel with the beam to which they
were attached, he let go his hold and leaped
into space. As he left the trapeze he gradually
turned until within a few feet of the water,
when he straightened out, his feet toward the
roof, and broke the fall into the baths with his
hands. For a second he disappeared. As soon
as his head popped above water he swam for
the ladder with a steady and rapid stroke.
The feat was repeated immediately afterward
by Dana Thompson.
I He followed with an exhibition of high
leaping, air springs and eccentric dives from
the trapeze.
Colonel Robinson rang the bell, fired a pistol
and announced that the event of the pro
gramme was about to take place. The young
man, who knew no fear, was going to dive
from a platform erected close to the roof of the
baths, a distance of seventy feet from tne
water. A moment later and he was scaling
the ladder with the agility of a monkey.
When he reached the top he bowed and
smiled, kissing his hands to all parts
of the house. The band stopped playing
as he poised himself on the edge of the plat
form. He placed his hands by his side, and
gradually bending forward just let himself
topple off the landing. Down he shot like the
stick of a burnt-out rocket. When about half
way in his journey to the water he straieht
ened out and turned once, striking the pond
feet foremost.
He says that he never loses his presence of
mind even while falling through the air. He
has to balance himself in order to prevent
striking the water sidewise or on his back. So
far as a shock is concerned, he admits that a
little jar accompanies the collision, but when
the hands and feet strike first the force of the
fall is almost completely broken.
Cornell is well known in amateur swim
ming circles and won second prize iD sev
eral notable events in this City. He ranks
second in all distances from 220 yards to
half a mile, E. Stolle, a member of the
club of which Cornell is captain, being the
champion of the United States for these
distances.
In diving also he holds the second best
amateur record, his 70-foot leap of last
Saturday being beaten only by the 75-loot
dive of A. Cobblyn, also of the California
Club.
In the short-distance swimming, however,
he is the superior of Stolle, though in the
100-yard events D. Reneard ranks both
him and Stolle.
In water polo Cornell is acknowledged to
be without a peer in the United States,
and the club of which he is a member won
the Spreckels championship cup for polo
teams.
Cornell has been swimming in contests
but a short time. His first prize was a
gold medal for winning out in the club's
quarter-mile contest. He came in first
seven consecutive times, these being the
conditions required of the permanent
holder of the medal.
Being but a youth and with smooth face
Cornell nad little diinculty in imperso
nating a lady. He put on a wig, rouged
and powdered a bit, and, setting off his
lithe figure in a lady's bathing costume,
all but those close to him were readily de
luded into believing that Misa Isadore
Foote in propia personae was before them.
It is said by the friends of young Cornell
that the deception was not premeditated,
but that Miss Foote, having been- taken
ill, he was persuaded to fill her place as
announced on the programme.
SANTA CRUZ CARNIVAL
The Philadelphia and the Monitor
Monadnock Will Be
Present.
Irving M. Scott Will Deliver the Prin
cipal Address on Bunker
Hill Day.
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter and Lieuten
ant Morey of Santa Cruz were here yester
day to make arrangements for the recep
tion of naval vessels now in San Francisco
Bay at Santa Cruz on the occasion of the
water carnival to be held in that city June
16. White cruisers and monitors, the
frowning muzzles of the big guns and the
"accouterments of war" will lend a little
more immensity and sternness to what
promises to be a very jolly aquatic occa
sion, and the Santa Cruzans want as much
I of Uncle Sam's Pacific squadron there as
they can get to give the scene additional
interest.
Admiral Beardslee of the flagship Phila
delphia met Lieutenant-Goyernor Jeter
j and Lieutenant Morey at the Occidental
i Hotel at breakfast and had a conference
with them. Lieutenant Morey is attached
to the Naval Reserve corps at Santa Cruz.
After a conference lasting about one
hour it was finally arranged that the flag
ship Philadelphia and the monitor Mo
nadnock should leave next Monday for
Santa Cruz so that the warships will get
there in plenty of time to be in shipshape
for the carnival. The carnival proper will
not begin, the Lieutenant-Governor said,
till next Wednesday, the 17th.
On Tuesday evening following the ar
rival of the flagship and monitor a grand
! reception will be tendered Admiral Beards
j lee and the officers of the warship by the
' Mayor of Santa Cruz and tne trustees of
the carnival. The reception will take place
j in the auditorium of the Sea Beach Hotel
| which will be elaborately decorated for the
| occasion.
The Lieutenant- Governor called on
Irvine M. Scott of the Union Iron Works
after the conference at the Occidental and
requested him to consent to deliver the
principal address at Sania Cruz on the
principal day, the 17th, which is known
as Bunker Hill day. Mr. Scott finally
consented to do so. The subject of his ad
dress will be "Bunker Hill."
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter and Lieuten
ant Morey returned to Santa Cruz on the
afternoon train.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10, 1896.
VINING`S NEW
TRANSFER PLAN
It Will Be Put Into Oper
ation To-Day at All
Points.
LIMIT OF FIVE MINUTES.
And Sometimes but Sixty Sec
onds Will Be Allowed for
Changing Cars.
BLOCKADES PROVIDED FOR.
Passengers Will Be Accommodated on
Parallel Lines in Cases of
Stoppages.
Streetcar transfer agents have become a
thing of the past, and no longer will the
patrons of the Market-straet system have
to be mind-readers and expert pedestrians
combined in order to make the proper con
nection between the Market-street cars
and those of Powell street and Third street
respectively.
No more will the neglectful conductor
and the uninformed passenger comprise a
combination for the production of in
cipient riots and serio-comic performances
for the delectation of the street gamin and
the annoyance of the public.
Acting Mayor Taylor yesterday signed
the ordinance which by its terms pro
scribes the check-transl'er system and
abolishes the transfer agents and it is now
one of the municipal laws of San Fran
cisco, as it became immediately operative.
That it would become a law was a fore
gone conclusion and ever since its intro
duction by Supervisor Dimond General
Manager E. P. Vining of the Market street
Railway Company has been preparing for
the necessary change in the system of
issuing transfers.
Therefore when notice was received by
Mr. Vining of the action of acting Mayor
Taylor orders were issued to the transfer
agents that with the close of their day's
work yesterday they would not be required
to report for their customary duties any
longer.
As the prime motive in putting into op
eration the cumbersome system, which so
promptly fretted the public into rebellion,
was to prevent the newsboys from traffick
ing in transfers, a new problem was pre
sented for solution to the ingenious gen
eral manager of the Market-street system.
He believes that in the new transfer he
has prepared he has a panacea for all the
past ills that resulted to his company and
its patrons under the old systems. This
transfer is printed so as to allow punching
to indicate a time limit of five minutes.
But this limit will be the maximum, as
in many cases passengers may not have
more than a minute to make their con
nections. For instance, should a pas-
Vining's Latest Transfer.
senger arrive on a Market- street car at the
junction of Powell street at 1 :04 p. m. his
transfer will be punched at 1:05 p. m., as
there is usually a car in waiting at the
Market-street terminus of the Powell
street line.
By this method of procedure it is hoped
| to take away any temptation that may re
main with the undismayed newsboy, de
spite the new ordinance, to engage in the
free gift business, with transfers as the
attraction.
Another innovation in the transfers that
will be given out to-day is a provision de
signed to overcome the delays and annoy
ances caused by blockades.
Spaces are set aDart in them in which
are inscribed the letters "A, B and C."
When a blockade occurs on the Haight
street line a transfer will be given each
passenger, punched in one of these space?,
according to previous instructions to the
conductors, which will enable the passen
gers to ride on a parallel line, such as the
McAllister, and vice versa. From the
Market-street and Valencia-street cars
similar transfers will be issued to the Mis
sion-street cars and vice versa, and so
throughout the City.
TO OUST THE DIRECTORS.
The Assignee of the People's . Home
Savings Bank Depositors Is Bring
ing: Suit.
The suit brought by the California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, the assignee
of 2700 depositors in the defunct People's
Home Savings Bank, representing over
$700,000, about one-half of the bank's lia
bilities, for the removal of General John
F. Sheehan from the position of manager
of the bank, and Colonel George D. Stone,
Samuel K. Thornton. W. H. Phelps, W.
P. Taylor and E. M. Freeman, directors,
will come up for trial before Judge Seawell
in Department 1 of the Superior Court this
morning at 10 o'clock.
The 'complaint charges Manager Shee
ban with reckless extravagance, improper
keeping of accounts and baying paid out
the sum of $2532 14 in settlement of a judg
ment against the bank which had been
compromised for $1800. It also charges
Directors Stone, . Phelps and Thcrnton
wit having conspired with the stock
holders to reject the; calling in of the un
paid capital stock, amounting to nearly
$700,000. In : addition * Director Puelps is
charged with having bribed Dr. Mer-ell to
resign, and all - the five directors are ac
cused of having worked to remove Attor
ney John Flournoy, a man of sterling in
tegrity, without an examination or inves
tigation of the facts. .
TRADEMARK ADOPTED.
The Manufacturers' and Producers
Association Will Now Have Their
Seal on All Home Products.
The directors of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association held their regular
meeting yesterday afternoon. The di
rectors present were: H. J. Crocker, A.
Durnham, J. W. Kerr, S. H. Tacy, M. J.
Keller, A. Sbarboro, J. P. Currier, A.
McLaughlin and Fred R. Dingle.
A report was submitted by Manager
Tacy stating that as a delegate of the
association he had indorsed the request of
the Board of Health for an increased
appropriation for the better care of the
health of the citizens of this City, the sub
ject having been referred to a committee
of fourteen, of whom Mr. Tacy was a
member. He stated the sum appropriated
was to be used in a thorough analysis and
inspection of the various food products
offered for sale.
Considerable discussion was given the
manner and means of using the trade
mark, and a special committee, consisting
of J. W. Kerr, A. Durnham and S. H.
Tacy, was appointed to outline a policy
for its use.
The special committee on convict labor
will hold a meeting this afternoon.
RAILROAD CHANGES.
Xew Offices Created and Promotion*
Made by Officials of the Southern
Pacific Company.
Three important chances have recently
been made in the head office of the South
ern Pacific Company. G. W. Fletcher,
who has held the position of commercial
agent, has been made general agent, with
the general duties of looking out for both
passenger and freight traffic and soliciting
business. Agent Fletcher will report to
General Freight Aeent Smurr and General
Passenger Agent Goodman, and will have
his office at 613 Market street, under the
Grand Hotel.
The position of commercial agent, left
vacant by Mr. Fletcher's promotion, will
be filled by Mr. Griffin, at present a ticket
clerk. Another change is the establish
ment of the office of ticket agent, to have
immediate supervision of the ticket clerks,
and appointment of M. A. S. Mann to
this newly created position.
WAR OF THE SILVERITES
Chairman Pepper of the Bi
metallic Party Issues
a Call.
Pays His Respects to the Bimetallic
League and Alsb to the Two
Great Parties.
Enoch Pepper, chairman of the State
Central and executive committees of the
American Bimetallic party, whose most
strenuous efforts just now are engaged in
the endeavor to show that his party ana
not the American Bimetallic League, of
which George W. Baker is the head in this
State, is the "only genuine" silver party,
has issued a call for the organization of
Senatorial district conventions to elect
delegates to the National Convention of
the party. The document is addressed
"to ail American bimetallists of Cali
fornia" and is as follows:
This is no time for a division In the silver
forces. Every true American should fall into
line and face the common enemy. A bold and !
deliant money power, with i:s compact or
ganization and press, seeks every opportunity
to divide our ranks and plunder our country.
In this Htruggle every citizen has an honest
and honorable right to contest for leadership, !
but no man has a right to intervene his ambi
tion if it imperils the cause he pretends to j
uphold.
The National committeeman of the American
silver organization has signed and issued a call
ior popular conventions iv the several Sena
torial districts to be held June 15, 189U, to
elect delegates to our National Convention,
and it is the duty of every loyal American who
wants an American system of government in
all respects free from foreign control to see
that delegates are elected who are American in
sentiment and ewe a paramount allegiance to
the best interests of our country.
In the coming campaign the Democracy of
the Nation may be all right on the free coinage
issue, but it is certain that the Democratic
party of California will be all wrong on the
American question, while the Republican party
at large will disgracefully straddle both ques
tions.
The duty of the hour urges every patriotic
citizen to arouse his neighbors and organize
an American party, determined that our coun
try shall not suffer depredations from any or
ganized aristocracy on earth. The American
Bimetallic party nas called county and district
conventions for the purpose of organization,
but to unify and solidify our forces the Sen
atorial district conventions must not be neg
lected. The enemy is watching every oppor
tunity to divide us. His spy and confederate
aspires to lead us, and resorts to every device
to bMnd the eyes of the people and defeat us ;
while millions of impoverished debtors are
waiting, anxiously waiting, for the dawn of
the day that shall bring the financial inde
pendence of our country.
In the gold-standard camp we hear the se
ductive cry of "protection," but there is no
protection when foreign hordes of pauper la
borers invade cur land to drive the American
! workman from employment and endanger our
I free Institutions by their fatal influence. We
beseech you, our countrymen, awake to the
I situation, sound the tocsin of alarm, proclaim
your independence, and
J,et traitors be told who their country have sold,
And bartered their <iod for his image in gold;
That the Hons of America shuil n»ver be slaves,
• While the earth grows a tree or the sea-roll ita
waves."
Enoch PErPKR, Chairman.
It was distributed yesterday simultane
ously from Los Angeles D3 r Chairman Pep
per, and from this City by Executive Sec
retary Alva Udell.
BY-LAWS HELD INVALID.
Judge Slack Decides That Trustees of
the French Hospital Have Power
to Appoint Employe*.
A decision was rendered Monday in
the French Hospital litigation, mention
of which has already been made in these
columns. The by-laws of the organization
provide that the visiting physician shall
be elected by a vote of the members. Last
April, in accordance with this provision,
G. Gross was elected to the office by a ma
jority vote of the members. Sylvain
Weill, president of the board of directors,
refused to recognize the election and the
plaintiff sued for a writ of mandate to
compel him to do so.
The decision rendered yesterday by
Judge Slack gives judgment for the de
fendants and establishes the right of the
directors to elect th« visiting physician
and other employes in spite of the pro
vision of the by-laws to the contrary.
"The by-law of the society, "*says" Judge
Slack in his decision, "which purports to
take away this power from the directors,
as to the attending physician, and to pro
vide for his selection by the members of
the aociety, is, therefore, in contravention
of the code. For these reasons the de
murrer to the affidavit must be sustained
and judgment given tor the defendants.
Claims 560.000 Damages.
P. J. Van Lohen Sels instituted four suits in
the United Spates Circuit Court yesterday
two for damages aggregating $6O,oOo,f>nd two
asking that a nuisance be abated. In .he first
action $10,000 is asked against T. J. Steven
son , L. I). Greene and others, for injury done
his property by reason of an overflow caused
by a faulty ditch owned by defendants. The
second suit, $50,000, is against Dwight Holiis
ter, Mamie E. Holiister and others, the same
causes being alleged. The defendants all re
side in the Sacramento Valley Reclamation
WILL BE FOR FREE
AMERICAN SILVER
Senator McGowan On What
Will Be Done by the
Republicans.
WON'T BE ANY SPLIT.
The Senator's Big Congressional
District and His Coming
Campaign.
WOULD WOEK FOR THE CANAL.
Something Must Be Done, He Says,
for the Lumber Interests Now
Languishing.
Senator Frank McGowan of Humboldt
County was among the arrivals here yes
terday, and is at the Lick.
The Senator, who has had a legislative
experience of ten years— two in the As
sembly and eight in the Senate— is a can
didate for Congress in the First District.
This district, as is generally known, com
prises fourteen counties, running north to
the State line, beginning with Marin
County.
He was asked last night what would be
the result of the platform work at St.
Louis, and in brief wnat, as he read the
signs, would be done there. He had re
ceived some information which, he
thought, was reliable.
"It looks to me as though Mr. McKinley
would be nominated, and probably on the
first ballot," he said. "A good many have
found fault with him because he has not
expressed himself on silver, but he can't
do that.
"He knows that whatever he would say
he would have to stand on the platform
that would be adopted anyway.],' So there
is no need of expressing himself. It might
injure him, and he doesn't want to do
that, of course.
•'I think, however, the silver business
will be fixed up so that everybody will be
pretty well satisfied. I believe they will
adopt a plank at St. Louis which will
make free coinage for all American silver.
If this is done there won't be any deflec
tion from the party."
Mr. McGowan spoke about his Congres
sional candidacy. He alluded to the fact
that there were three other aspirants — Mr.
Barhams of Santa Rosa, the incumbent;
Mr. Spencer of Lassen and Mr. Matlock.
He said that in times past, during succes
sive campaigns, he had traveled all over
the district.
"i think I know something of the needs
of the people," said he, "and that is one
reason why my name has been allowed to
be used in connection for the place. I feel
that our lumber interests deserve more
consideration in Congress. We need the
Nicaragua canal. It is of vital importance
not only to the people of this great dis
trict, but to California and the entire
coast.
"Then the general subject of transporta
tion should receive more attention. There
are many other interests that an active
man in Congress could interest himself in
that would be of great importance to
Northern California."
Mr. McGowan is a native of Wauhing
ton. He has lived in Humboldt twentv
three years. He will be in the City till
Saturday. ___^^_
THE CHAIN BEING WELDED
Preliminary Examination of
Wesley T. Lewis for Crimi
nal Assault.
Direct Testimony as to How He Lured
Florence Ready Away From
Her School.
The preliminary examination of Wesley
T. Lewis, charged with criminal assault
upon Florence Ready, daughter of Mrs.
Ready, 330 Hickory avenue, was com
menced before Judge Conlan yesterday
morning.
Prosecuting Attorney Mogan conducted
the prosecution and Attorney J. X. E.
Wilson appeared for the defendant, who
sat beside him. All the time Lewis was in
court he hung his head as if ashamed to
look any of the witnesses in the face. He
looked pale and worried.
The hearing was with closed doors. The
first witness was Jeffery Powers, a Mission
livery-stable keeper. He testified to hir
ing a horse and buggy to Lewis on the
afternoon of May 25, the date of the as
sault Lewis represented himself as a
collector for J. J. Raver, and promised to
return the rig at 7:30 P. M. He did not
keep his promise, and the following day
witness found the horse and bugey at the
Inpleside stables.
Mrs. Deal and Miss Kate Crowley,
teachers at the evening school, identified
Lewis as the man who called at the school
Monday evening, May 25, about 7 o'clock,
and asked that the girl be excused, as Mrs.
Captain Goodall was seriously ill and had
sent for her. Lewis and the girl left the
schoolroom together.
Kate Murphy, one of the pupils, accom
panied Florence Ready to the school that
evening, and when they got to the door
they were met by Lewis, who told Flor
ence about Mrs. Goodall's illness. Flor
ence asked him to go with her to Mrs.
Deal that she might be excused, and wit
ness saw them enter the schooihouse to
gether.
William Beasley, another pnpil, saw
Lewis and Florence leave the school. Ho
also saw Lewis help the girl into a buggy
and drive away aong Stevenson street.
Mrs. Ready, the girl's mother, testified
that Lewis called at her house with the
story of Mrs. Goodall's illness and she told
him that Florence had just left for school.
He said he would po and get her and re
turn Tvith her lo the house before starting
for Mrs. Goodall's.
This closed the evidence for the day and
the further hearing was continued till to
day. Detective Cody, who has charge ot
the case, has other witnesses to produce
who will complete the links of the chain.
. — « —^ — . .
Valley Road Assessment.
At the meeting of the board of directors of
the San Joaquin Railway Company yesterday
the call for the eighth assessment for 10 per
cent of the capital stock was authorized. It
will become delinquent on July 11, and de
linquent stock will be sold on July do.
Bricklayers Organize.
A new organization known as No. 1 of the
Bricklayers* International Union was started
at K. R. B. Hall, 220 Mason street, last night.
Ij^^^j^. NEW TO-DAY- & l *^GSSBsz~^^~~~*~*~*.--- r^^
NOVELTY
BLACK
GOODS I
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING!
We have just received a very large ship-
ment # of NOVELTY ENGLISH BLACK
GOODS, the latest productions of a CELE-
BRATED BRADFORD MANUFACTURER.
The weaves and designs are the most elegant
ever exhibited in San Francisco, and as they
come to us rather late in the season, we will
offer the entire lot at
\\ ~TT per Yard.
The above goods are in 20 different de-
signs. WARRANTED FAST BLACK. They
measure exactly 44 inches in width, and at
the price quoted are fully fifty per cent
cheaper than any similar goods ever sold in
this city.
The attention of our patrons is directed
to this sale.
TELEPHONE IVd A-XUST 5777.
ill. 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
IS RAMBLERS, $85, 1385 RAMBLERS, $59,
307 1§95 Ramblers sold last week at $39 each. The assortment is broken and onlr a few
of some styles are now in my stock: . . ■ *
I will sell on the installment plan at $15 down and $250 per week.
Installment rates apply in San Francisco only. '
Rambler Biclorkma. Market, Tenth and Stevenson Sts., S. F.
Park Agency— The "Wheelery," Corner Page and Stanyan St».
FURNITURE
CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-)
ing room, Bedroom andj-flftr?*' AA
Kitchen j $ ( O.UU
Fine Mahogany Bedroom Suit) (Em £* *(\
6 pieces. Bevel mirror, 17x30) 1 0. D U
Parlor Suit, upholstered in) £•)•) r a
silk brocatelle \ - «p— £.OU
Large Assortment Fancy Oak) ii f A
and Mahogany Rockers «J)I.OU
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases,) QA A A
highly polished. .[ $4t.UU
And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) "rA n-i- a
Brussels and i Ingrains,)- <J" \Jliii
sewed, laid and lined ...... ) and upward
Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments
Country orders receive prompt attention. Goods
packed and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Inspection cordially invited and
credit extended to all.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224, 228, 230 and 306 and 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone, Main 1328. Open Evenings
FOR
§ Fine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pi ices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.08
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!)
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
-SAN FRANCISCO.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORN* EY- AT-
V law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
mie Palace .Hotel. Telephone 570. Reaidence IbJJ
flint. Telephone; "Pine" 2591.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
PRICKLY HEAT.
i FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
SPECIAL SALE C*F
Corded Corset Waists and Shoulder
Braces for Ladies, Misses and
Children.
100 dozen Perfect Fitting Drab
Misses' Corsets, regular price SI,
will be closed out at .....75c
BICYCLE CORSETS.
DR. OUrS BACK SIPI'OBTIVO SHOULDER BRACE
THE ENGLISH. MILITARY BRACK.
2 I s ' ?
m — t
CAUTION — Having no agencies or branch
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment.
Mall orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
. IMC. i*h.:ett:d eft* son,
742-744 flarket St. and 10-12 Grant Ay«.
THESUCCESS^F THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
QM THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN U>TIL. MIDJUOUT.
NAPA COLLEGE PROPERTY
FOR JS^k.Xj33.
THE 'BUILDINGS, GROUNDS AND APPA-
X ratu9 of Napa College, >onr acres of land,
three large buildings and two small library appa-
ratus, furniture, etc.. are offered at a bargain.
- Building* are suitable for school, sanitarium,
I orphanage or hotel. Apply to
8. E. HULDEN or L. J. NORTON, Nana.
Or 1. J. TKU3IAN, Columbian Banking Co..
- San Franc i
/BXDEWEY&CO.>ff<
& 'patents! ;)
MARKET SI.SfSSg/