VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 52.
HUNTINGTON HAS
A NEW SCHEME
Statesmen Being Sounded
on the Debts of Pacific
Railroads.
LOBBYISTS GROW BOLD.
Advocating Measures to Extend
the Time of Payment Fifty-
Years.
VARIOUS PLANS OF EVASION.
California Congressmen United in the
Fight Against the Funding
Bill.
WABHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 20.— The
Huntington lobby has at last shown its
hand. The Call correspondent learned
to-night that John Boyd, chief lobbyist of
the Southern Pacific, is '•sounding" Pen
r.tore and Representatives on a proposition
that will be sprung soon. The railroad
will have several measures, and will put
them forward one at a time.
The first will be to extend the debt for
100 years. The second will be to pay in
stallments of principal and interest at
stated periods until both principal
and interest are fully paid (as under
the Reilly bill). If these measures
shall fail, or it shall appear that they
are likely to fail, after being proposed to
Congress, they will come forth with their
roposltion. Tfieir last resort will in
brief be a proposition to give the Govern
ment a first mortgage on both the Union
and Central Pacific, the bonds to run for
fifty lor perhaps 100) years at 3 per cent in-
terest. The present first mortgage bond
holders would then hold the second mort
cape—changing places with the United
States. The Paciiic railroads believe that
the first mortgage bondholders will be
willing to do this. A United States Sena
tor with' whom John Boyd talked to-day
says that they base their belief on these
premise? :
First, the bonds are not scattered among
'"Tom, Dick and Harry," but have been
gathered into the hands of a few men — a
syndicate of foreigners — who have got to
gether for their own protection. They are
fearful that in a suit at Jaw it might be de
cideJ that their lirst mortgage is not to
have precedence or prior rights (in fore
closure proceedings) as against the Gov
ernment's second mortgage. They may
be and probably are willing to
take a second mortgage, the Southern
Pacific Railroad of Arizona, on behalf of
the Central Pacific, becoming surety for the
payment of the principal and interest of
these second mortgage bonds, and the
branch lines of the Union Pacific (Kansas
Pacific and others) guaranteeing their
payment on behalf of the Union Pacific.
They believe that the earnings of the
Union and Central Pacific in fifty (or 100)
years' time wiil be sufficient to meet the
interest and principal on both the first and
tei ond mortgage bonds.
It is believed the Southern Pacific and
the branch lines of the Union Pacific will
be willing to become sureties and that the
present first mortgage holders will accept
this proposition rather than risk losing
their money by decisions of the courts.
The Senator said:
"I am pledged to vote against any ex
tension of this debt, and shall do so. At
the same time I must admit that this lat
est proposition of the Pacific roads will ap
peal to Congress as a most businesf-like
way out of tiie difficulty, it is certain
that Congress will pass no Government
ownership bill. The Democrats are almost
a unit against it, and many Republicans
also will argue that if we can secure a first
mortgage on the roads, even if we must
extend the debt for another period of fifty
or 100 years, we should do so rattier than
• risk of sacrificing a large part of
the whole. The raiiroad's proposition is
certainly a plausible one, and 1 predict
that it will meet the approval of Congress."
Many members of Consrress are greatly
incensed against Mayor >utro for sending
circulars here insinuating that Congress
men might be influenced by Huntington's
sack. They are all asking about Sutro.
One member said if the Mayor was here
he would break his cane over his head.
Members of Congress from California dif
fer as to the effect Mayor Sutro's circulars
are having. Some contend that they make
tlio funding-bill opponents appear as
socialists and "sand-lotters," vhile others
declare that the Sutro literature is attract
ing general attention to the subject, and
in this way will accomplish good.
The House Committee on Pacific kail
roads to-day considered two propositions
presented uy representatives of the Union
Pacific Company, and decided to hear
arguments on both propositions Monday
next. Those desiring to be heard on any
proposition relating to the Central Pacific
are invited fo be present on that day. The
committee will fix the time for hearing
such further arguments as may be pre
sented by both companies. The commit
tee will hold daily sessions after next
Monday.
Representative Maguire was present to
day. He states that several members of
the California delegation, including him
self, desire to be heard on that occasion,
and also other citizens of California.
Grove L. Johnson stated that ex-Con-
Thomas .1. Geary of California
had expressed a desire to address the com
mittee Monday. Mr. Johnson understood
that both the Union and Central Pacific
Companies' propositions would be heard
together.
Maguire asked Chairman Powers if any
proposition by or on behalf of the Central
c Company had been presented. Mr.
Powers said the Committee on Pacific
Railroads had not received or heard of any
such proposition. Mazuire then said it
bail always teemed to him that the Union
Pacific questions were essentially distinct
and ought to be considered and heard sep
arately.
Johnson then turned to Maguire and
The San Francisco Call.
aid: "Judge Maguire, before you came in
I suggested to the committee that citizens
of California, and particularly of San Fran
cisco, in addition to members of the dele
gation, would like to be heard on this mat
ter. I say this to show that I have not
overlooked their wishes in this matter.
According to some of the newspapers in
San Francisco it would seem that you were
the only member of our delegation here
who is looking out for these Pacific road
matters."
After ihe meeting of the committee
Maguire, Barham. Bowers and Hilborn
had a consultation and decided to appear
before the committee Monday next and
ask that before any action is taken on any
measure for settlement of the Pacific roads
debt they shall be heard.
Maguire was seen later and said:
"Messrs. Barham. Hilborn and Bowers are
outspoKen in the matter, and expressed
their determination to do everything in
their power both before the committee and
on the floor of the House to prevent the
passage of a funding bill or any like meas
ure. I will certainly be glad to co-operate
with them in all that may be done. The
difference in our politics wi'l make abso
lutely no division in our efforts. Upon
this question we are Californians righting
for California."
AS TO KB.OHtiAyiZA.TION.
Chairman Powers Enlightened on the
T'nion Pacific Plans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 20.—Repre
sentative Powers of Vermont, the chair
man of the House Committee on Pacific
Hallways, has received a letter from Louis
Fitzgerald, the chairman of the reorgani
zation ci* .nmittee of the Union Pacific
Railway Company, in which he says his
committee now presents a substantially
single representation of all Union Pacific
first mortgage bonds in circulation, as well
as of all issues secured by liens junior to
the lien which secures the . debt to the
United States. Continuing, Mr. Fitzgerald
says :
"This union of security-holders relieves
the matter of voluntary reorganization
from every difficulty except that of defin
ing the relatively fair provision which
should be made for the claims of the Gov
ernment.
"While the necessity is pressed upon the
reorganization committee to enforce the
rights of the first-mortgage bondholders in
pending foreclosure proceedings, the
committee believes that it will be
its best office in carrying into ef
fec such proposal for the creditable
and just settlement of the Government
claim which may be approved or made by
the Committee on Pacific Railroads as
may be carried into the form of proper
legislation by Congress. I will be glad to
have the advantage of submitting the
further views of tlie reorganization com
mittee and of affording any aid in our
power to your committees in the consider
ation of this matter at such early time as
you may be pleased to fix."
CAMPOS LEAVES HAVANA.
Much Feeling Displayed as He
Bade Farewell to His
Troops.
Cubans and Spaniards Fought Near
San Felipe — Deserters to
Be Shot.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 20.— The depar
ture of General Campos from Havana has
quietly followed his recall from the
captain - generalship of this is
iand. At 3 o'clock this after
noon he left the captain -general's
palace to go on board a steamer in the har
bor. He was accompanied by Genera! Ma
tin, who will have charge of the civil and
military administration until the arrival
from Spain of General Weyler, the newly
appointed captain-general, and by other
military and civil officials and by the Gov
ernor's guard.
The party proceeded on foot through
the streets to the mole, its route being
lined by volunteers and regular troops.
Much feeling was displa3 r ed as General
Campos bt.de farewell to those who had
Bervea under him.
About 2000 persons assembled at the
mole to witness the departure of the retir
ine captain-general, the crowd standing
silent as he embarked. After tie. had gone
many expressions of regret were heard.
The railroad across the island of Cuba,
having for its termini Havana
on the north and Batanaba on
the south, was opened yesterday.
At the stations along the line the resi
dents had assembled and greeted the first
train upon its arrival with much enthu
siasm.
At Bejucal the station building was
found in ruins. The company esti
mates its loss by fire at $50,000.
AH the stations of the road
are now occupied by Government
troops, who are prepared to prevent fur
ther injury to the railroad company**
property or of persons residing along the
line of the road.
An unimportant encounter between
rebels and a detachment of Govern
ment trooDS is reported to have
occurred near San P'elipe yester
day. Two of the soldiers who
were wounded in the encounter were
brought here. Eleven rebels are reported
to have been killed. Five ' prison-
ers, two of whom were Spanish
soldiers who had deserted, were
brought here. They were still wearing
the uniform of the Spanish army wheil
they were captured, and they will proba
bly be shot. The insurgent leader, Maceo,
with his command is said to be west of
Quivican.
General Sabos Mari is going to Porto
Rico, having been appointed to succeed
General Gamir, Governor of that province,
who died of yellow fever yesterday.
Will Itetnand Jlcititulion.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil, Jan. 20.—
Dr. de Carvalho, Brazilian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, will demand from Great
Britain the immediate restitution of the
island of Trinidad, which was recently oc
cupied by her for the alleged purpose of
making it a landing station for a cable,
but which Brazil claims as her territory.
('(irdiiial M'-iijnn n It, ml.
PARIS, France, Jan. 20.— Cardinal Wil
liam Ronato Meignan, Archbishop of
Tours, was found dead in bed at his palace
at Tourß, this morning. He was born in
1817 and created cardinal in 1693.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 21, 1896.
RUBBING IT IN ON THE STATE.
GREAT BRITAIN'S
FLYING SQUADRON.
No Information Given Out Re
lating to the Fleet's
Destination.
THE CUBA STORY DISCREDITED.
No Communications on the Subject
Have Yet Been Sent to
This Country.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 20.— The United
Press has the authority of the Admiralty
for the statement that no information
whatever regardine where the fl ying squad
ron is going or where it ia not going has
been given to anybody.
The London newspapers to-morrow
morning will print the following commu
nication, which has been issued to them
by the Foreign Office:
"With reference to a report from
Washington of alleged telegraphic
correspondence between United States
Secretary of State Olney and
Lord Salisbury respecting the
movements of the British fleet, we are
officially informed that no communication
has passed between her Majesty's Govern
ment and the Government of the United
States upon any naval question."
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 20.— Major-
General Nelson A. Miles, commanding the
"United States army, states that he has
heaid nothing of the extraordinary
rumor telegraphed from Florida that the
State militia had been ordered ont at the
request of the President of the United
States, a3 preliminary to the probable
recognition of the Cuban insurgents. Any
such order would necessarily pass through
General Miles' hands.
Secretary Lamont had not reached the
War Department up to noon to-day,
therefore no authentic denial could be ob
tained from him, but. all the other leading
ofnjcials of the War Department united in
discrediting the sensational rumors sent
out.
The statute of the United States which
empowers the President to call upon the
militia of the States in certain emer
gencies was passed the 28th of February,
1795. Its leading provisions were incor
porated in section 1(342 of the Revised
Statutes, as follows:
"Whenever the United States are in
vaded or in imminent danger of invasion
from any foreign nation or Indian tribe,
or of rebellion against the authority of
the Government of the United States, it is
lawful for the President to call for such a
number of militia of the State or States
most convenient to the place of danger as
he may deem necessary."
Inasmuch as this section requires the
President to be first informed of "im
minent danger of invasion" before taking
action, and inasmuch as no official of
the War Department through whom
the orders must be sent has received the
slightest intimation of an intention on the
part of the President to call on the Florida
militia or to request that they be held in
readiness, the whole story is set down as
an imaginary production,
I>EAX OJV THE WAT TO EUROPE.
Eacapadea of the Daring Forger While
in the East.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 20.— A. H. Dean,
alias Holmes, the forger who raised a $12
diaft to $22,000 and secured $20,000 from
the Nevaaa Bank in San Francisco, is
believed by Chief Inspector Watts and
local detectives to be on his way to Europe.
Dean came to Boston the first of the week
and his first attempt to raise money failing
he kept under cover and successfully
eluded the detectives. A man answering
his description is said to have sailed Sat
urday on the steamer Sylvania for Liver
pool, and the police feel certain it was
Dean. The first of the week he entered
the office of a tourist agency and offered a
London draft for £360. It was made out
in favor of D. V. Esmond and indorsed in
favor of H. Dean, and to prove his identity
he produced a letter purporting to be
signed by the business manager of a San
Francisco newspaper. The agent desired
to verify the draft and asked Dean if he
would permit him to telephone the Chicago
agent before honoring it that there should
be no mistake. He said that as he intend
ed to go to Chicago the next day he would
take tlie draft and present it time. After
he had departed the Chicago agents were
apprised of the call and they answered
that the draft was procured with a forged
check.
SUES FOR HEAVY DAMAGES.
Actor Nat Goodwin Objects to a Story That
He Successfully Bucked
the Tiger.
CHICAGO, ItfL, Jan. 20. — Nathaniel
Carl Goodwin Jr. of New York City,
known on the stage as Nat Goodwin, filed
a suit in the United States court this
morning against the Chicago Tribune for
$r>o,ooo damages, alleging the publication
of a false, libelous, wicked and malicious
statement, to the effect that the comedian
had gambled at -faro and won $2500 last
Saturday night, and so violated the law of
tbe State and ordinance of the city. Mr.
Goodwin accuses the defendant in the bill
of "greatly injuring the happy state and
condition of said plaintiff," and charges
intent to bring him into public scandal,
infamy and disgrace among all his neigh
bors by its story of his "bucking the tiger."
The sportive language of the article com
plained of is interpreted, and the state
ment that th<* «:tor "did not feel very
weii" the next roormne is defined as
meaning "he had dissipated to excess."
THOMAS MAGVIJRE l>F.i»,
Was the fioneer Theatrical Manager of j
California.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 20.-Thomas !
McGuire, who was known among theat
rical people as the pioneer man
ager of California, and who was at
one time reputed to be worth |
$800,000 and to be the richest manager in |
the country, died of debility due to age j
this morning in this city.
Maguire went to San Francisco in 1849.
He became the controlling manager of the
Western coast and built Maguire's Opera
house, the Academy of Music and the old
California Theater. During tlie years of
his successes he took West all the great
actors, singers and other attractions that
were in this country or came here from
Europe. He had been living in this city
about a year.
FATAL FIRE IN A THEATER
Flames Discovered During the
Performance and a Fearful
Panic Ensued.
At Least Fifty Lives Were Lost by
the Burning of a Building in
Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG. Russia. Jan. 20.-
A dispatca from Ekaterinoslav, capital of
the government of that name in South
Russia, gives the details of a fire that oc
curred in a theater, causing a large loss of
life. The fire was discovered while a per
formance was going on. The spectators
became panic-stricken, and made a wild
rush for the exits. Many of them were
knocked down, trampled under foot and
rendered unconscious.
The building was of wood and the fire
spread with great rapidity. Before all the
terror-stricken people could get outside
the theater was a mass of flames. The
scene outside was terrible. Those who had
relatives and friends in the theater rushed
about wildly crying for help to save them.
Every effort was made to save those in
the burning building, but the heat was so
intense that for some time it was impos
sible to approach the structure. Even had
it been possible to approach, the efforts to
save those inside would have probably
been fruitless as they were probably suffo
cated before the lire reached them.
After the ruins had cooled off sufficiently
a search was commenced for the dead.
Forty-nine bodies have already been taken
out. A number of persons who were
known to have been in the theater are still
missing and there are scarcely any doubts
that their bodies will be found later in the
ruins.
FOIBOXEI* AT THE BANQUET.
Guests of the Emperor Suffered Front Hat
■ ing Oysters. -: . :
BERLIN. Germany, Jan. 20.— 1t has
transpired that after the imperial banquet
given Saturday night in the .White Hail of
the Schloss on . the occasion of the celebra
tion of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the
proclamation of the ; German empire, '. a
number of the guests showed symptoms of i
poisoning. They received medical atten- i
tion and subsequently recovered. > ; It iis
supposed that their illness was caused by
eating oysters, which it is presumed were
uot fresh.
HAMMOND'S FRIENDS
ARE VERY ACTIVE
Appeals for Assistance of the
Californian Come From
Many Sources.
COAST SENATORS SATISFIED.
Consul Knight Instructed to Proceed
at Once From Cape Town
to Pretoria.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 20.— Jack
Hammond and other Californians impris
oned at Pretoria seera to have good friends
m every part of the country. Telegrams
are coming from every section in their
behalf. Ladd & Co., bankers of Portland,
Ore., wired Senator Mitchell. Ex-Repre
sentative Tom Johnson of Cleveland, Ohio,
telegraphed Senator White. New York
friends are urging Hill and Murphy.
Dubois is receiving dispatches from Idaho,
and Representative Catchings is being
wired daily from Mississippi.
Senators White and Perkins called at
the State Department this morning and
saw Secretary Olney again. The Senators
said to The Call correspondent to-night:
"We are satisfied that Mr. Olney is
doing everything that can be done. He
told us that he had received a cable mes
sage from Consular Agent Manion at
Johannesburg, saying that Hammond
was incarcerated and separated from
the other prisoners, but he was
being treated considerately. Mr. Olney
defends Consular Agent Manion from at
tacks made upon him by Mr. Wiltzie of
London, who asserted that he was incom
petent because of ill-health and for other
reasons, and was neglecting American in
terests. Olney said when he read the
cabie from Wiltzie he looked up Manion's
record and found that he was indorsed by
ex-Mayor Grace of New York as an excel
lent man in every way qualified to Derform
the duties of Consular Agent. He is at
Johannesburg as agent of a large American
firm dealine in drills. Secretary Olney
considers him as an excellent officer, but,
in response to urgent requests from several
quarters, has cabled Consul Knight at
Cape Town to go to Pretoria. It is forty
eight hours by rail, and he should arrive
there to-morrow. His presence, should,
we think, quiet any fears that summary
action may bo taken against tlie prisoners
without our Government being 1 informed
some days in advance. Mr. Olney does
not consider the Americans in any immi
nent danger."
Senator Perkins says that Wiltzie of
London also wired Olney that he should
have communicated directly with President
Kruger of the Transvaal republic instead
of corresponding with Bayard and the
British.
Senator Perkins is rather inclined to
think Wiltzie is right about this, but Sena
tor White contends that Secretary Olney's
course was eminently proper. Mr. White
says the British evidently have a "strong
pull" in the Transvaal country, for the
British prisoners have been sent home for
trial.
FATHER. SHE UMAX'S WORK.
Asia Washington Authorities to Act in
Hammond's Behalf.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 20.— Rev. Father
Sherman, who is here temporarily, at the
head of the Jesuit mission, has been in
telegraphic communication to-day with
Secretary of State Olney, General Miles,
Senator Shern<an, his uncle, and other
statesmen, urgine official action in behalf
of Hammond, the American engineer,
who is to be tried this week at Johannes
burg for high treason in connection with
tne troubles in the Transvaal.
Father Sherman has been urged to act as
spokesman for the Yale class of '7B of
which Hammond and Sherman were both
prominent members. The intimacy be
tween the two men has continued from
childjbood, when Hammond's father and
Sherman's father, the late General W. T.
Sherman, were friends and business asso
ciates in San Francisco. When young
Sherman went into church young Ham
mond became an engineer, and is now a
mining expert for an English syndicate in
South Africa at a salary of $60,000 a year.
Father Sherman, speaking of Hammond
to a United Press representative to-night,
said that he was one of the most generous,
whole-souled and truest Americans that
ever lived. He was loyal and manly to a
degree, and that to have the life of so
brave a man, so true a gentleman, placed
in jeopardy for a political offense without
a solemn protest from this Government
would be lamentable indeed. But he felt
that the State Department at Washington
would act promptly.
Father Sherman did not say what assur
ances he had had to this effect, hut it is
known that leaders at Washington have
become interested in the case through the
priest's vigorous intervention.
POLITICAL, PRISONERS RELEASED
But John Says Hammond. Remain* in
the Pretoria Jnil.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, Jan. 20.—
A telegram from Pretoria states that a
majority of the political prisoners have
been released on giving bail in the sum of
$10,000 each.
The writer of the dispatch gives the
names of twenty-three men who are still
in custody, including that of John Hays
Hammond, the American mining en
gineer. The names include no others of
known Americans. Dr. Jameson and the
officers who accompanied him on his raid
have started under an escort for Natal,
where they will be turned over to the
British authorities for trial.
VICTORT OF THE BOERS.
They Mad JXot Been Warned of Jatne-
son's Invasion.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 20.— Mr. White,
the Consul-General here of the Soutn
African republic, has made public infor
mation he has received from the Gov
ernment at Pretoria, which places
a somewhat different aspect on the
trouble in the Transvaal from that given
in the dispatches from English sources. It
has been asserted that the Boer Govern
ment knew that a rising of the Uitlanders
was intended at Johannesburg and also of
the proposed raid of Dr. Jameson, and
took measures to have an overpowering
force ready to quell any disturbance in
Johannesburg and to meet Dr. Jameson.
According to the advices received by
Mr. White, these statements are untrue.
The Government only learned of the
scheme of the Uitlanders and Dr. Jame
son's movements on December 30. The
Government believes a majority of the
people in Johannesburg were not aware
that a rising against the authorities was
mooted, and that the proposed movement
was conrined principally to the members
of the reform union.
As to the number of Boers who defeated
Dr. Jameson, the Consul's advices show
that instead of there being from 1500 to
1800 of them tliere were only 400 at the be
ginning of the fight. These were gradu
ally joined by small parties until
there were about 800 Boers in the
immediate vicinity when the fighting
stopped and the English surrendered, b\it
many of these were unable to take part in
the lighting.
Actually about 400 Boers compelled the
English to lay down their arms. Only
five Boers were killed, and two of them
were shot accidentally ;by ' comrades.
Three Boers were wounded.; v ; 7- * .;._- - ■'■■:■ ■•'-
maj:k ': eluvtt lives.
The Report That Be Itied in the Tr«n»-
vnal Watt False.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 2C— The re
port of the death of Mark L. Elliott in
South Africa proves to have been false in
every particular. McDonald Elliott of this
city, a brother of the man reported dead,
received to-day a cablegram from the
manager of the Saulsbury Reef Mining
Corporation of London, by which company
Mark L. Elliott is employed, saying that
late dispatches from South Africa declared
Mr. Elliott alive and well.
The letter received by the Postmaster
here announcing Elliott's death was for
warded last evening to R. P. Hammond,
who, in a telephone dispatch received at
noon to-day, declared that the signature
of John Hays Hammond to the letter is a
rank forgery.
Letters and telegrams of condolence
from all parts of the State are being re
ceived here to-day by the relatives of the
reported dead man, and they are naturally
very indignant at the cruel attempt at a
hoax.
FIjEAI>EI> FOR "UXCLE JACK."
Hammond's Tittle Xe-phew Sent a Letter
to the President.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. When the
news that John Hays Hammond was in
prison in South Africa reached Visalia W.
H. Hammond (John's brother) was
alarmed and the matter was discussed at
home in the presence of the children. His
son Willie was very much interested in
what he heard anc came to the conclusion
that the only way to help his uncle was
to appeal to the President. Consequently
he got a pencil and a piece of paper and
wrote to Mr. Cleveland, setting forth his
reasons why the distinguished prisoner
should be released. Mr. Hammond found
a copy of the letter, and upon inquiry
found out that Willie had mailed the orig
inal to the President the night it was writ
ten. He showed it to no one except the
girl who works ■ for Mr. Hammond, whom
he asked to direct the envelope to Mr.
Cleveland. ' The letter was as -follows:
VUalia, Cal., Jan. U, 1896— Dear Sir: Willy ou
please make the men that have my Uncle Jack
in jail set him free? 1 think you will, won't
you? If you will 1 will be very much pleased.
They might kill him. You may be a very stern
man, but I think will be kind enough to set
my Uncle Jack free. If you were a little boy
like me you would not like your uncle in jail,
and if 1 were you I would set him free if it
caused a war. My Uncle Jack is a good man.
So, will you please set him free? Write to me
soon. I am the nine-year-old son oi W. H.
Hammond. My father is County Clerk in
Yisalia. Yours truly, Billy Hammond.
AFTERMATH. OF A HIGAJUI.
Strange Robbery of the Daughter of a Man
.•:..- Who 'Committed the Crime.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20.— Her
ald special from Binghamton, N. V., says:
Mrs. Lorina Belle Twitchell, the invalid,
is recovering from the effects of a remark
able experience, the details of which have
just been 5 made known by the . police.
While alone in the house on Tuesday
she was bound, assaulted, chloroformed,
gagged and robbed of valuable papers by a
strange woman, who, in company with a
strange man, it now turns out, has been
shadowing her home for weeks, apparently
waiting for a chance when she should be
alone.
; Mrs. Twitchell's father deserted her
mother many years ago, and, eoing to
Kansas City,* committed bigamy by mar
rying again. ; When Mrs. _T witch ell learned
of this -second marriage she gathered to
gether what proof . she could collect to
show that she was her father's rightful
heir, and it was of this docnmentary proof
that she was ;, robbed. She believes that
the woman concerned in it was the sec
ond wife.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SEEK FRIENDLY
CO-OPERATION
Venezuelan Commissioners
Desire Aid of Nations
Interested.
SUGGESTED TO OLNEY.
Representatives Might Appear
and at Least Act as Ami*
cus Cunse.
CLAIMS COULD BE RESERVED,
New Englanders Promised Safe Cus*
tody of Any Documents Fur
nished Investigators.
WASHINGTON, D. C, - Jan. 20.— The
members of the Venezuelan Commission,
met to-day at 11:30. o'clock in their hand*
somely appointed quarters in the building
partly occupied by the Interstate Com
mission, Justice Brewer presided. Tho
selection of S. Mallet Prevost of New York;
as the executive officer of the commission
was formally ratified. Mr. Prevost was
not present, but it was stated that he
would take hold of his duties on Wednes
day next. '•.*;;
The commission gave out for publication
the following letter addressed to Secretary
> Olney last week, inviting co-operation
from the. two Governments chiefly in
terested in the boundary controversy :
Office of the Venezuelan Boundary*
commission, v
. Washington, D. C. Jan. 15, 1896. >
Hon. Secretary of State— Dear Sir: I have the
honor to state that the commission appointed
by tne President of the United States to inves
tigate and report upon the true divisional Una
between the republic of Venezuela and British,
Guiana has organized by the election- of tho
Hon. David J. Brewer as its president, and is
entering upon the immediate discharge of its
duties.
In so doing it has, after careful considera
tion, concluded to address you on a question
of securing so far as possible the friendly co
operation and aid of the two nations which
are directly interested in the now pending
boundary dispute.
It must have suggested itself to you, as it no
doubt has to the President, that this commis
sion, thus authorized to ascertain and report
the boundary line between the two foreign na
tions . bears only a remote resemblance to those
tribunals of an international character ol
which we have had several examples in the
past. They were constituted by or with the
consent of the disputants themselves, and
were authorized by the parties immediately
concerned to pronounce final judgment. Tha
questions at issue were presented by the advo
cates of the various interests upon whoso dili
gence and skill the tribunal might safely rely
for all the data and the arguments essential to
the formation of au intelligent judgment.
Their functions were, therefore, confined to
the exercise of judicial powers, and they
might fairly expect to reach a result satisfac
tory to their own consciences, while it com
manded the respect of those whose interests
were directly involved.
The present commission neither by the mod a.
of its appointment nor by the nature of it»
duties may be said to belong to the tribunal*
of this character. Its duty will be discharged'
if it shall diligently and fairly seek to inform
the executive of certain facts touching a large
extent of territory, in which the United States
have no direct interest. 'Whatever may be the>
conclusion reached, no territorial aggrandize
ment nor material gain in any form can accrue
to the United States. The sole concern of our
Government is the peaceful solution of a con
troversy between two friendly powers; for the)
just and honorable settlement of the title t»
disputed territory and the protection of th»
United States against any fresh acquisitions itt
our hemisphere on the part of any European)
state.
It has seemed proper to the commission, un«.
der these circumstances, to suggest to you tha
expediency of calliug the attention of tha
Governments of Great Britain and Venezuela
to the appointment of the commission and ex
plaining both its nature and object. It may
be that they ■will see a way, entirely consistent
with their own sense of international pro
priety, to give the commission the aid that it
is no doubt in their power to furnish in tha
■way of documentary proof, historical narra
lives, unpublished archives or the like. It ia
scarcely necessary to say that if either should,
deem. it appropriate to designate an agent or
attorney, whose duty it would be to see that
no such proofs were omitted or overlooked,
the commission would be grateful for such
evidence of good will and for the valuable re*
suits which would be likely to follow there*
from.
An act of either Government in the direction
here suggested might be accomplished by ai»
express reservation as to her claims, and should
not be deemed to be an abandonment or im
pairment of any position heretofore expressed.
In other words, and in lawyers' phrase, each
migtit be willing to act the part of an amicu*
cu'rue and to throw light upon, difficult and
complex questions of fact which should be ex
amined as carefully as the magnitude of tha
subject demands.
The purposes of the pending investigation
are certainly hostile to none, nor can it be o{
advantage to any that the machinery devised
try the Government of the United States to
secure the desired information should fail o|
its purpose. David J. Ukewer, President.
To this communication Secretary Olney
replied, stating that he had communicated
the suggestions of the commission to Sip
Julian Pauncefote, the British Embassa
dor, and to Minister Andrade, the Vene
zuelan representative, for transmission to
their respective Governments.
The commission then adjourned until
Friday next, it being the understanding
that Friday is to be the business day of the
commission. The only employes so far
determined upon are the secretary (or ex
ecutive officer), one stenographer and a
doorkeeper and messenger.
The commission finding that in ~Sev?
England and elsewhere there are collec
tions of ancient maps desire it to be under
stood that any documents of this kind
intrusted to them for their information
will be caieully preserved and retu:ned to
the owners.
The Mackaya Coming.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20.— A cable
gram was received in this city to-day from
Paris, stating that Mr. and Mrs. John W.
Mackey will leave Havre on the next
steamer for New York, bearing with them,
the remains of their son, John W. Maclcay
Jr., who was killed by being thrown iron*
his horse.2
PLANS FOR THE
BIG CONVENTION
Republicans Getting Ready
for the Rally at St.
Louis.
SUB-COMMITTEE MEETS.
Sergeants-at-Arms Selected and
a Contract Made for a
Building.
ACCOMMODATIONS TO BE GOOD.
Friends of Presidential Candidates
in the Field Express Their
Preferences.
PT. LOUIS, .Mo., Jan. 30.— The sub-com
mittee delegated by the Republican Na
tional Committee to perieot arrangements
for the Republican National Convention
on June 16 met at the Southern Hotel
about noon to-day. Five members of the
cui'-committee were present. They were:
William" Hahn of Ohio, Powell Clayton of
Arkansas, R. C. Kerens of Missouri, J. S.
..-on of lowa and Joseph H. Manley
f>i Maine, llr. Manley holds the proxy of
Chairman Thomas Carter of Montana,
John 8. Tanner ha> the proxy of William
:upbell of Illinois and JohnM. Ewing
oi Wisconsin carries the proxy of Henry
ne of his State. The other notable
Republicans in attendance were: H. T.
Swords of lowa, sergeant-at-arms of the
National Committee; J. E. Blythe, the lowa
manager of Senator Allison, and Chauncey
of >'. Louis.
The first business before the committee
in executive session was the matter of ad
mitting the proxies. It was finally decided
to recognize the proxies as presented. The
candidates for sergeants-at-arms were pre
sented by their respective friends and an
informal ballot taken. This was followed
by a formal ballot and T. B. Byrnes of
Minneapolis was elected by a vote of 4to
-urge N. Wissell of Milwaukee was
elected first assistant sergeant-at-arms by
a unanimous vote and \V. W. Johnson of
Baltimore second assistant sergeant-at
arms.
The contract with the Business Men's
League on behalf of St. Louis was ratified
and formally accepted.
At 2 p. m. the committee took a recess
until 4 o'clock, when President S. M. Ken
nard of the Business Men's League pre
sented the finished plan for the recon
struction of Exposition Hall. This pro
vides for the use of the north nave of the
building running from Thirteenth to Four
teenth streets ana about ninety feet in
depth. Over 12,000 people can be seated.
TLe platform will be a half circle, and im
mediately iv front are tables for the press.
In the basement will be located the tele
graph-room, with pneumatic tubes run
ning to the press section above.
A new feature is the separation of the
spectators' galleries from the seats allotted
to delegates. The plans show fourteen
exits. The committee expressed great
satisfaction at the plan and will make a
personal inspection of the hall to-morrow.
It is not probable that the sub-committee
will conclude its work before Wednesday.
All the leading candidates for the Re
publican Presidential nomination except
Governor Morton of New York have out
spoken frienas among the sub-committee
men of the Republican National Commit
tee. Mr. Kaniey of Maine advocates
Speaker Reed; Mr. Hahn of Onio is nur
turing Governor McKinley's chances;
General Clarkson of lowa is looting: out
for Senator Allison, and Colonel Kerens of
iri is known to have a strong liking
for General Harrison; Mr. Tanner of Illi
nois, proxy for Committeeman Campbell,
keeps Senator Cullom in view, and General
Clayton of Arkansas manifests more en
thusiasm for McKinley than does even the
average Ohioan.
John B. lily the, Senator Allison's man-
Kger in lowa, is among the visitors.
Allison is the idol of lowa Re
publicans, and we will send a powerful
and enthusiastic delegation here for the
convention in June," said Mr. Blythe.
"His re-election to the Senate without the
least opposition shows how the people of
lowa are at his back, and wejfeel confident
of his nomination for President after the
convention gets tired of the struggle be
tween McKinley and Reed."
William M. llahn will be here during
the convention week and handle Governor
McKinley's campaign. He says McKin
ley will have a strong Southern following
and thinks he will win on the first ballot.
Mr. Manley said: "I am not talking
politics now, but I suppose everybody
knows that my choice for the Presidency
is Speaker Reed of Maine."
Mr. Tanner said: "Senator Cullom is
qualified for any office in the gift of this
country, but, as he emphatically declares
he is not a candidate for the Presidency,
1 think Illinois will be for McKinley."
I'JLAXS OP TSI2 SILVER MEN.
At the Confers no- They Will Create a
Xeto Party.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 20.-Prorai
nent members of the Bimetallic League
are arriving to attend the conference to be
held Wednesday. General A. .7. Warner,
one of the leading spirits, said to The Call
correspondent to-night:
"We desire to co-operate with members
of any party who, seeing time for supreme
action has arrived, are willing to enlist for
this campaign under the banner of the
white metal. Silver men can win this
race by united action."
Warner says he thinks well of the action
of the Populist National Committee at St.
Louis, advocating the placing of a Na
tional silver ticket in the field after the
old parties have .held their conventions.
There is now little doubt that the confer
ence of silver men Wednesday means the
launching of a new party into the political
arena. In fact, a new party may be looked
lor Thursday morning.
In the interview with Warner, who Is
president of the American Bimetallic
League, enough was said to show what
i- to Le the programme. The free silver
men are already arriving. Among them
here, besides Warner and ex-Governor
Toole of Montana, are R. Mclntosh of
Utah, President W T ardall of the California
(irange, and George P. McKenney of Cali
fornia. A big delegation is expected from
Chicago to-morrow. W. H. Harvey has
been invited and is expected to De present.
In launching the new party the silver
men have made up their minds to go to
the country on the single issue of tinance,
and to put all other questions aside until
that one is settled.
WHAT THE CITIES SPEXT.
It Cost Money to fii<t for the Democratic
Convention'
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20.— A Sun
special from Washington says: The ex
pense account of the chairmen of the dele
gations from the four cities competing for
the Democratic National Convention
shows that Chicago expended |175; Cin
cinnati, $1800; New York, $2200; and St.
Louis, $1500. Each delegation established
headquarters at the Arlington Hotel, and
the amounts stated were actually expended
in connection with the maintenance of the
respective headquarters.
It is said that not a bottle of liquor
or a cigar was ordered for the Chicago
headquarters, the expense being for the
rental of a room, tne decorations and a
few incidental expenditures for the two
or three gentlemen who had charge of
the Chicago boom. Cincinnati did not
reach the scene of action until the night
before the committee assembled, yet the
''Queen City" was not lacking in that
style of hospitality that delights the
hangers-on around a political gathering,
but which does not have the slightest
effect upon the members of the committee
who are to finally decide the contest.
St. Louis was a liberal entertainer,
and it is understood that the delegation
from that city had prepared to flood
the Arlington Hotel with champagne had
the result been as she anticipated. St
Louis sent bouquets of beautiful flowers to
New Yort, and the New Yorkers returned
the compliment by sending a basket of
champagne to the St. Louis headquarters.
The friendly exchanges were made prior to
the meeting of the committee. New York
headquarters was the banner spender, but
it now appears that she never had a
chance to win, for some of the committee
men who voted for heron the early ballots
were prepared to swing over to Chicago as
soon as New York began to look dan
gerous.
TTJXX HE-ELECT A.TjLISOy.
Ihe lowa Legislature to Select a United
Stntta Senator To- liny.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 20.—T0-mor
row morning both Houses of the Legisla-
ture will ballot in separate session for
United Senator to succeed Senator Allison
and he will get all the Republican votes.
The Democrats will vote for Judge W. I.
Babb of Mount Pleasant, their candidate
for Governor last fall. He will be nomin
ated by T. G. Harper of Burlington in the
Senate, and Captain N. A. Merrill in the
House. On Wednesday at noon the two
Houses wiil meet in joint session and on a
joint rollcall Allison will be finally elected.
ALL THE CHARGES FALSE
Every Assertion Made by Lord
Dunraven Refuted by the
Witnesses.
There is No Longer Any Reason for
Secrecy Concerning the Com
mittee's Proceedings.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20. -The Her
aid this morning prints a four-pace ab
stract of the testimony taken before the
New York Yacht Club's special committee
on the charges made by Lord Dunraven.
It says: The distinguished gentlemen ap
pointed by the New York Yacht Club to
investigate the charges made by Lord
Dunraven against the Defender held their
sessions in private. The reasons for
secrecy may have been good at that time.
They can be no longer good, when all
who have had any evidence to give have
given it.
The evidence is so overwhelmingly con
clusive that it renders superfluous the
report of the committee itself. It admits
of only one verdict — that the charges are
utterly and totally false. The testimony
given at the headquarters of the com
mittee makes more than 500 pages of
printed matter.
Lord Dunraven's charges, as will be seen
by a perusal of the testimony, were based
solely on misleading observations by him
self and others who were associated with
him on the Valkyrie. The deductions of
fraud which he niajie from them were
proved to be utterly false by an over
whelming mass of testimony offered on
behalf of Mr. Iselin by those who spoke
with absolute knowledge.
In the face of such superabundance of
irrefutable proof, much of which was given
after Lord Duuraven had sailed for home,
even his own counsel, Mr. Askwith, would
not assume the responsibility that Lord
Dunraven would still persist in believing
that his accusations were true. In one im
portant particular Latham A. Fish of the
America's cup committee flatly contra
dicted Lord Dunraven. In another
weighty matter A. Cass Canfield and
Archibald Rogers, also members of the
cup committee, gave testimony in which
they were sustained by corroborative evi
dence that was diametrically opposite to
that given by Lord Dunraven on'tne same
subject.
GUII>£It JBT A. BTIRIT.
"Hammond the Beater 9 > Find* Time to
Conduct a Farm.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 20.— A special from
Belvidere, 111., says:
Wilbur F. Hammond, or "Hammond
the healer," which is the appellation by
which he is better known, spent Sunday
in Belvidere at the house of a friend
whom he had successfully treated, he
was besieged through the day by the
lame, halt and blind, and he treated all
he could and gave readings.
There is nothing strange in Hammond's
appearance unless it be his long, curly
hair, which would cause him to be dis
tinguished from other men in any ay
semblaee. He was brought up on a small
farm a" few miles north of this city. At
present he is conducting the farm,
although recently his time has been so
occupied that he expects to give up the
active management of the place.
Hammond is very modest in hia be
havior, and, although the cures attributed
to his powers are little short of miraculous,
he takes no credit upon himself. He
makes no charge whatever for his effort,
and, while he makes no claim to the
supernatural, he states that the same
power which Christ exercised with his
disciples still exists. He treats his pa
tients somewhat on the style of a magnetic
healer, except that he always goes into a
trance, at which time he claims to be
under the direction of the spirit of a dead
German physician. He says there are
also Irish and Swedish spirits, which
endeavor to get control of him at such
times, and that it is very difficult to pre
vent himself from being brought under
their influence. Hammond is almost con
tinually in a trance-like state, and the
strain is beginning to tell upon his ner
vous system. He speaks of being able to
transmit his powers by means of t'ae spirit
world to others of his followers, but none
will listen to the least thought looking
toward the surrendering of his remarbable
attainments.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
MONROE DOCTRINE
IN THE SENATE
Davis' Resolution Protests
Against Encroachment
in America.
PRINCIPLES AFFIRMED.
The Report Not Unanimous and
So It Is Placed on the
Calendar.
SEWELL TALKS FOE LIMITATION.
Passage of the Bill to Support Schools
of Mines in the Pacific Coast
States.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 20.— The
decision of the Senate Committee on For
eign Relations as to the extent and mean
ing of the Monroe doctrine, and as to its
applicability to the Venezuelan dispute,
was presented to the Senate to-day
through Davis (R.) of Minnesota, by
whom it was originally drawn up in the
shape of a concurrent resolution. It
makes both houses of Congress reaffirm
and conrirm the Monroe doctrine and its
principles, and declares that the United
States will deem any attempt by a Eu
ropean power to acquire new or additional
territory on the American continents or
adjacent islands, or any easement in any
interocean canal, as dangerous to the
peace and safety of the United States. One
member of the Committee on Foreign lle
hitions, Gray (D.) of Delaware, remarked
that it was not the unanimous report of
the committee. The concurrent resolu
tion was placed on the calendar without
discussion.
The subject, however, came up immedi
ately afterward in the shape of the resolu
tion offered last week by Sewcll (R.) of
New Jersey limiting the application of the
Monroe doctrine and condemning the
Venezuelan message of President Cleve
land as unwise and inopportune. Sewell
addressed the Benute in support of his
resolution and argued that President
Cleveland's position was far in advance of
what was contemplated in the Monroe
doctrine, and that the effect of it would be
the establishment of a protectorate over
Mexico and over each of the South Amer
ican and Central American States. No
action was taken on Sewell's resolution,
but Senators Wolcott (R.) of Colorado and
Daniel (D.) of Virginia gave notice of their
intention to ■ address tne Senate upon it
next "Wednesday and Thursday.
No progress was made upon the House
bond bill with the free-coinage substitute
reported from the Committee on Finance.
Jones (D.) of Arkansas, who has charge of
it, gave as a reason for not pushing it the
fact that several Senators who desired to
speak upon it were not yet prepared, and
wanted more time to get their speeches,
but Hill (D.) of New York hinted that the
vote was kept back until after the election
of the two Senators from Utah.
Numerous petitions were presented in the
morning hour and referred to committees
in favor of the Stone bill relating to immi
gration, raising the level of the Great
Lakes, service pensions, the recognition of
Cuban belligerency, the redeeming of
greenbacks and relating to the Transvaal
republic.
Davis (R.) of Minnesota, from the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, reported a
preamble and resolution reaffirming the
Monroe doctrine, and declaring that the
United States would assert and maintoin
the doctrine as follows:
Resolved, By the Senate, the House of Repre
sentatives concurring, that, whereas, President
Monroe in his message to Congress of Decem
ber 2, A. D. 1823, deemed it proper to assert as
a principle in which the rights and interests of
the United States are involved ttiat the Ameri
can continents, by the free and indepr ndent
condition which they have assumed and xnvn
tained, were thenceforth not to be considered
as subjects for future colonization by any Euro
pean power; and whereas, President Monroe
further declared in that message that the
United States would consider any attempt by
the allied powers of Europe to extend their
system to any portion of this hemisphere as
dangerous to our peace and safety ; that with
the existing colonies and dependencies of any
European power we have not interfered, and
should not interfere, but with the governments
who have declared their independence we have
on great consideration and just principles ac
knowledged we could not view any interposi
tion for the purpose of oppressing them, or
controlling in any other manner their destiny,
by any European power in any other light
than as the manifestation of an unfriendly
disposition toward the United States, and fur
ther reiterated in that message that it is im
possible that the allied powers should extend
their political system to any portion of each
continent without endangering our peace and
happiness. And, whereas, the doctrine and
policy so proclaimed by President Monroe
have since been repeatedly asserted by the
United States, by executive declaration and
exactation upon occasions and exigencies
similar to the particular occasion and exi
gency whicli caused them to be first an
nounced, and have been ever Bince their pro
mulgation and are now the rightful policy of
the United States. Tfterefore, be it
Keeolved, That the United States of America
reaffirms and confirms the doctrine and prin
ciples promulgated by President Monroe in his
message of December, 1823, and declares that
it will assert and maintain the doctrine and
those principles, and will regard any infringe
ment thereof and particularly any attempt by
any European power to take or acquire any
new or additional territory on the American
continent, or any island adjacent thereto, or
any right or sovereignty or dominion in the
same, in any case or instance, as to which the
United States shall deem such attempt to be
dangerous to its peace or safety, or by or
through force, purchase, cession, occupation,
pledge, colonization, protectorate, or bycoa
trol of the easement in any canal or any other
means of transit across the American isthmus,
whether under unfounded pretension of right
in cases of alleged boundary disputes, or under
any other unfounded disposition toward the
United State?, and as an interposition which it
would be impossible in any form for the
United States to regard with indifference.
The concurrent resolution was placed on
the calendar, Gray (D.) of Delaware, a
member of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, stating that the report was not a
unanimous one.
Wolcott (R.) of Colorado gave notice
that he would address the Senate on the
Sewell resolution relative to the Monroe
doctrine on Wednesday next.
Warren (R.) of Wyoming offered a reso
lution looking to legislation for the pres
ervation of American herds and flocks,
and said that he would address the Senate
upon it next Thursday.
The resolution heretofore offered by
Bewell (R.) of New Jersey, placing limita
tions on the Monroe doctrine and con
demning the President's message on
the subject, was taken up and Sewell ad
dressed the Senate upon it. The resolu
tion was allowed to remain on the table,
Daniel (D.) of Virginia giving notice that
he would speak upon it next Thursday.
The joint resolution heretofore intro
duced by Cullom (R.)of Illinois author
izing the employment of ft skilled archi
tect to assist the Supervising Architect of
the Treasury Department in drawing the
designs for the public building in Chicago
gave Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada sufficient
material for a short financial argument.
He thought extravagance was the only al
ternative that the people had for getting
money out of the treasury, and therefore if
people wanted money for public buildings
they had better take it now. They could
not get it in any other way. The resolu
tion after further discussion was passed—
ayes 49, noes 6.
The bond bill was then taken up, but
after brief discussion that measure and
Senator Pugh's resolution (the Stanley
Matthews one) both went over for the day.
Call (D.) of Florida presented the trans
lation of "The constitution of the new
republic of Cuba," and asked unanimous
consent to have it printed as a miscel
laneous document. There being no objec
tions it was so ordered.
On motion of Dubois (R.) of Idaho a bill
to aid the States of California, Oregon,
Washington and South Dakota to support
schooh of mines by receiving 25 per cent
of the monies paid to the United States
for mineral lands was taken up and
passed.
Senator Peffer's bill to provide for proper
disposition of the remains of deceased
members of the Senate and House of
Representatives who die at the capital
during the sessions of Congress was then
taken'up. Objections to some of the pro
visions of the bill were suggested by Sena
tors Platt (R.) of Connecticut, Hale (R.)
of Maine and Faulkner (D.) of West
Virginia.
Hawley (R.) of Connecticut said that on
the first reading of the bill it had struck
him as a very cold and cruel bill. It
aimed at economy— providing a cheap cof
fin he supposed— what they called in the
army a "pine overcoat." He did not like
the reading of the bill at all, although he
disliked extravagance. He thought the
bill could be cured by two lines in an ap
propriation bill saying that no expense
shall be incurred in case of a Senator's
funeral without the approval of the Com
mittee on Contingent Expenses.
Hill (D.) of New York asked Peffer
whether he had ascertained what was the
custom in such cases in the parliaments of
Great Britain and the other European na
tions ana the State legislatures.
Peffer said he had not made such an in
vestigation.
Hill also asked whether the bill applied
to Justices of the Supreme Court, to Cabi
net officers, the general of the army and
other high officers.
Peffer said it did not. He sent to the
Clerk's desk and had read various news
paper clippings in commendation of his
bill. One of these was from the Spring
field Republican, and it contained an allu
sion to the supposed practice of Senators
in the matter of perfumery, bay rum and
other perquisites.
The reading was interrupted by Hawley
(R.)of Connecticut, who said : "If there
is any more matter like that Jet us bury it
at once. The man who wrote that is
wholly ignorant of the law in this matter
of stationery and all that sort of thing.
The fact is that my neighbor of tbe
Springfield Republican talks sometimes as
though he would be glad to bury the
whole of us at the public expense."
(Laughter.)
The bill was, on motion of Faulkner, re
ferred to the Committee on Rules.
Baker (R.I of Kansas gave notice of an
ameudmert to the free-coinage substitute
for the bond bill restricting coinage to sil
ver mined in tbe United States.
The Senate at 4:30 p. m. adjourned until
to-morrow.
IT IS TOO IXTEMPEKATE.
Statesmen Hho Consider DavW Resolu-
tion Inopportune.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 20.— The
Monroe doctrine resolution, reported by
Senator Davis of Minnesota from the
Foreign Relations Committee,, to-day
created a lively discussion among mem
bers of Congress. It tinds favor with the
radicals, but conservative men in both
parties think it is a little too intemperate
in its tone. Senator Gray of Delaware is
one of the latter. He said on the Senate
floor that he wished it understood that
the report from the committee was not
unanimous.
Two of the Republican members of the
committee were also opposed to the reso
lution. Senator Sherman, chairman, and
Senator Cullom, a member of the com
mittee, said to The Call correspondent
that while they believed in asserting the
Monroe doctrine by appropriate resolu
tion, they considered it too intemperately
worded and it was inopportune at the
present juncture. They approved of the
wording of the preamble, but not of the
resolution itself.
Senator Perkins of California said: "I
favor the Monroe doctrine, but Davis*
resolution is too strongly worded. It is
inadvisable because it is inopportune. I
believe firmly in our asserting the doctrine
and standing on our rights even if we
have to right, but do not think we ought'
to seek trouble. Davis' resolution might
be well enough later on, but it is prema
ture."
GEXERAL MARMISOX'S PZANS.
Will Soon Complete Details of His Mar
riage to Mrs. Dimtnich.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20.— The Tri
bune says this morning: General Harrison
has abandoned his idea of going to Indian
apolis before the California irrigation cases
are argued before the United States Su
preme Court in Washington. As the case
in which General Harrison is interested
will be called up Wednesday or Thursday
he thought it would be useless to hurry to
his home and then come right back again.
Accordingly he will remain in New York
until Tuesday or Wednesday and then will
no to Washington. He will make his stay
in Washington as brief as possible, and
from there will go to Indianapolis, return
ing the latter part of the month to com
plete the detaib for his marriage to Mrs.
Diromick.
There were yesterday three members of
Mr. Harrison's former" Cabinet in this city
— Redfield Proctor, Senator from Vermont,
who was Secretary of War; Stephen B.
Elkins, Senator from West Virginia, who
was also Secretary of War, and John W.
Noble of Missouri, who was Secretary of
the Interior. All three paid their respects
to General Harrison and congratulated
him on hia approaching marriage. All of
those who have called on him say that he
has steadily declined to talk politics.
Suicide of a Convict.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Jan. 20.— The
State of Missouri is saved the expense of a
trial of George Arnold, the convict who
killed George Murray, a fellow-convict,
with a shoekiufe in the penitentiary De
cember 31. Yesterday morning Arnold's
body was found hanging in bis cell. He
had made a rope of his bedding, with
which he ended his existence. He was
sentenced from St. Louis for burglary.
BAYARD'S TALK
IS EXPLAINED.
The Embassador Says There
Were Discrepancies in
Reporting.
NO WORSE THAN OTHERS.
Pleads That Predecessors Made
Speeches by Request of
the English.
EXCUSES FOR HIS UTTERANCES.
Correspondence With the Diplomat
Sent by the President to the
House of Representatives.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Jan. 20.— Tbe
President's reply to the House resolution
calling for the correspondence in the State
Department relative to the speeches deliv
ered at Edinburgh, Scotland, and Boston,
England, by Embassador Bayard was de
livered by one of the President's secre
taries at the close of routine business.
The President transmitted a report from
the Secretary of State, in addition to other
papers, which says:
"In response to that part of said resolu
tion which requests information as to the
action taken by the President concerning
the speeches therein referred to, I reply
that no action has been taken by the Pres
ident, except such as is indicated in the
, report and correspondence herewith sub-
I mitted."
The Secretary of State's report, after re
citing the resolution, simply presents the
correspondence with Mr. Bayard on the
subject and says that aside from these
coiiiuunications no action has been taken
by the department. The first letter is
from Mr. Bayard to Secretary Olney,
dated London, December 12, in which he
says he observed from the newspapers in
England the action of the House of Repre
sentatives looking to his impeachment,
and incloses a printed copy of the Edin
burgh address. Mr. Bayard adds:
"In the absence of precise information
of the text of the resolution said to have
been adopted by the House, and not pro
posing to anticipate the action of either or
both houses of Congress, yet observing
that, in the course of the discus
sion, reference was made to the
diplomatic officers of the United States — I
respectfully advert to article 7 and its sub
sections, in order that your attention may
be drawn to the fact that the address in
question was delivered before an institu
tion purely literary and scientific in its
character and wholly unconnected with
political parties— which has honored two
of my official predecessors with similar in
vitations, which in both cases had been
accepted — subjects political in their na
ture ('Democracy' and 'The Law of the
Land'), having been respectively selected
and treated with distinguished ability.
No political canvass was pending or ap
proaching in this country when my ad
dress was made— and no interference or
anticipation in local or party political con
cerns in this country was, therefore, pos
sible.
"The address consisted of my personal
opinions upon governmental institutions
in general — the moral forces aud tenden
cies which underlie them — and the gov
ernmental policies which assist in the
conservation of the freedom of the indi
vidual as an essential integer of human
progress — and of the prominence oi civili
zation.
"The judgments so delivered were
formed by me after careful deliberation,
and in presentation sundry historical facts
and arguments tendinc so sustain them
were advanced. When Congress shall
have concluded its action on the subject it
is possible that I may desire to submit a
further statement, but meanwhile I con
sider it proper to place before you the ad
dress itself in full and all connected with
its delivery.
Mr. Bayard adds in a postscript: "I find
upon reading over this note that Mr. Low
ell's address, 'Democracy,' was delivered
by him before the Midland Institute at
Birmingham— an association similar in its
character to the Edinburgh Philosophical
Institution."
Secretary Olney immediately on receipt
of this cabled the Embassador on January
3 that the House resolution asked not only
whether the Edinburgh speech was made,
but also whether in the Boston speech he
used the words, "The President stood in
the midst of a strong, self-confident and
oftentimes violent people — men who sought
to have their own way. It took a real man
to govern the people of the United States."
Mr. Olney's dispatch also asked Mr.
Bayard to send any additional statement
regarding the Edinburgh speech he de
sired to make, and said the resolution
asked what, if any, action the President
had taken on the speeches. Mr. Bayard
cabled the following day that he would
comply, and under the same date wrote
coniirming the cablegram. In his letter,
dated January 4 he says he was selected
to deliver the prizes to the graduating
students of the Boston Grammar-school,
which he did in a spirit of good will.
"In the afternoon," he continued, "we
adjourned to a public hall, where a dinner
was served, and as is customary here there
were toasts and responses, and I responded
to the health of the Presidentof the United
States and subsequently to a toast to
myself. So far as I am concerned every
thing was impromptu, and a kindl}',
humorouß, post-prandial tone prevailed.
It seems a reporter was present, but I did
not see him, nor did I know that any re
port had been made until the local news
paper was sent to me a few days after in
London. I sent a copy to Mr. Cleveland,
because the report contained a kindly
reference to the family home circle of the
President, and, as 1 have grandchildren in
Boston, Mass., 1 sent a copy to the house
hold. This was the extent of 'publication'
in the United States of which 1 have any
knowledge. I must except an elaborate
editorial in the Philadelphia Ledger,
gravely censuring the constitutional views,
which the editor supposed to have been
expressed by me.
"The occurrence was early in last
August and had passed out of my memory
until it was made the basis, or one of the
bases, of a resolution of impeachment by
the United States House of Representa
tives as a high crime and misdemeanor
under the constitution."
Two days later, January 6, Mr. Bayard
enclosed to Mr. Olney copies of the Boston
(Enp.) Independent, Boston Guardian,
Lincolnshire Advertiser and Lincoln
shire Independent of August 10, each
containing what purported to be a
full report of the proceedings.
"Sundry discrepancies," Mr. Bayard
writes, "are obvious in these two reports —
and they are such as are usually incidental
under similar circumstances— but as to the
remarks attributed to me, I spoke without
premeditation, without notes, unaware of
a reporter's presence, and have no means
except recollection (now somewhat vague)
to enable me to correct either report.
Therefore, I shall not essay it, although it
is obvious the reporters failed to catch my
words (sometimes in latin) and it confused
them."
The President's message was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The House passed a joinc resolution au
thorizing the Pacific Railroads Committee
to sit daring the session of the House.
Objection Was made to the consideration
of a resolution calling upon tho President
for the report of the Nicaragua Canal Com
mission, and on motion of Hull (R.) of
lowa the House went into committee of
the whole, Payne (K.) of New York in the
chair, to consider the military academy
appropriation bill. The bill was reported
favorably to the House and passed.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio reported from
the Committee on Ways and Means a joint
resolution directing the immediate de
struction of all returns made under the
income-tax provision of the tariff bill of
1894, which has since been declared un
constitutional by the Supreme Court.
At 2:45 the House adjourned.
MISS WHONG WAS LANDED
Troubles of a Missionary Who
Traveled With a Chinese
Maiden.
Steamship Officers Were Worried
Over the Prospect of a
Heavy Penalty
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20.— The Am^r.
icun liner St. Louis when she sailed into
New- York Bay from Southampton last
Friday had in her cabin a Chinese passen
ger, Miss M. Whong. She is young and
attractive, and was on her way to Boston
in the company of Miss R. M. Bites, a mis
sionary.
It is the duty of the purser to notify the
boarding officer at quarantine when he has
a Chinese subject on board. Purser Kinsey
of the St. Louis was either ignorant of tne
law or forgot all about it, for he failed to
apprise the boarding officer of Miss
Whong's presence, in order that she might
be kept under supervision until the proper
officials from the Navigation Bureau could
be summoned. Miss VVhone did not at
first attract attention of the customs in
spectors.
Miss Sites was in a great hurry to get to
Boston that night. While making her
declaration she spoke to an inspector about
leaving her baggage behind in bond and
incidentally let the fact be known that she
was traveling with Miss Whong. Miss
Sites was then informed that if she desired
to travel with her friend she would be
obliged to wait till next day. It was too
late to pet any one there from the Naviga
tion Bureau.
Purser Kinsey betrayed both surprise
and consternation when told that the
steamship company would be liable to a
fine of $500 if Miss Whong should get
ashore without her passport being indorsed.
There was a flurry among the members of
the Deputy Surveyor's staff lest the quiet,
inoffensive Chinese girl should thwart all
efforts to prevertt her landing. An inspec
tor was assigned to watch her till the ship
reached her wharf, and to see that she did
not jump overboard or stow herself in the
revenue cutter.
When the St. Louis reached her pier a
telephone message was sent to the barge
office for one of the night inspectors to
come quickly, as there was a Chinese
woman on board who might escape. Miss
Sites and her charge had to make the bast
of their unpleasant situation, and spent
one more night on the St. Louis, while a
gilt-buttoned inspector kept his eye on
their stateroom. Mr. Hawthorne of the
custom-house went aboard the St. Louis
Saturday afternoon. He found Miss
Whong's passport all right, and she was
aliowed to step on shore.
WERE I'ROfERLT jyi>ICTED.
Railroad Men Must Stand Trial for Giving
Illegal A'elxttes,
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 20.— 1n the United
States District Court to-day Judge Gross
cup handed down an opinion on the mo
tion to quash the indictments for alleged
violation of the interstate commerce act
by officials of the Santa Fe Railroad and
others.
General Traffic Manager Hanley and ex-
President Reinhart were adjudged prop
erly indicted, as it was set forth that from
April to November, 1892, they violated the
act by giving rebates and drawbacks. The
indictments against Isaac Thompson, a
Kansas City shipper; Manager Jenkins of
the Hammond Packing Company and
Nelson Morris of Chicago were quashed.
COMMANDER BOOTS.
Awaiting Instruction* From Salvation
Headquarters at London.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20.-Com
mander Ballington Booth of the Salvation
Army to-day issued a statement signed by
himself and his wife concerning the or
aers sent to them from the international
headquarters at London to relinquish their
command here. The statement says that
the orders to relinquish were in accordance
with discipline and that other territorial
leaders are also being changed.
Commander Booth said he expected a
letter from London to-day containing or
ders of his future destination. He says at
present he has not the slightest knowl
edge, but the letter did not arrive.
Your blood pure, your appetite vieorous,
your digestion good, your liver and bowels
in a healthy condition and you need not
fear pneumonia, grip, colds or fevers. Take
Sarsaparilla
TheOneTrueßlood Purifier.All druggists,sl
Prepared only by C. I. Hood <ft Co., Lowell, Mass.
Hood'<? Pi 11*5 cure Liver Ills : easy to
11UUU & r^llS take, easy to op era te. 25c
MONEY TO liOM-«af3S£- w 52
..„-,...,,„ ..... .^,. approved Real Estate
and improvements, for repayment in a DEFINITE '
NUMBER, of . monthly installments, to suit bor-
rower. Apply to the CALIFORNIA GUARANTEE
INVESTMENT CO., 32« Montgomery St., S. F.
WOULD-BE MEN
And "Has-Beens" Are (he Melan*
choly Fates of Too Many of Our
Younger Generation.
If you have erred in youth, if your eyes
lack luster, if you have used your system
up, if you have disordered your liver or
misused your kidneys you should take the
Great Hudyan. You can get it for certain
diseases, but you must first make applica-
tion to the Hudson Medical-Institute.
Hudyan cures certain forms of liver and
kidney affections, impaired vitality and
loss of strength. Hudyan is efficacioug
where other remedies have failed.
1* t
Hudyan will jpf& shattered nerves
• stop the wasting %pm Hudyan is a
away of tissue f j-i^S power v.-hen
and will build up Sj];; : i!',ffe riphtly used,
the nervous sys- mm You must send
tern. Hudyan fe|i(K for circulars and
strengthens, in-|ijjj|S testimonials of
vigorates and SpiffiS the Great Hud-
tones the entire |! Aim y an. Write to
system. Hudyan WkWl tne
forms of- lost lijc*^ HUDSON
manhood, osrtain SSpiiM^ MEDICAL
peculiar cases of CSlli^tJgSgS INSTITUTE.
■ f . ■ ■ . ■■. ■ .
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-prod ucinß germs. Then, come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. Yon can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute, Stockton, Marketend Ellis streets.
lilVEß— When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that yon really have and many that you really
ido not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on' liver troubles,
•'All About the Liver," sent free. ■ .
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDKEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives— up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your-kidneys and how to make tha
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys."
Bent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Eliis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAU
Ctnimcmm DOCTOR t».».. 38 a...Q
ENGLISH
for Coughs, Colds,
and Consumption
is beyond question the greatest of all
modern medicines. It will stop a
Cough in one night, check a cold in
a day, prevent Croup, relieve Asthma, i
and curt Consumption if taken in |
time. "You can't afford to be. with- I
out it." A 25c. bottle may save your i
life I Ask your druggist for it. Send I
for pamphlet. If the little ones have ■
Croup or Whooping Cough
use it promptly. ,// is sure to cure. \
Three Sizes— 50c. and U. All Druggists. i
I ACKER MEDICINE CO., \
I 16 & 18 Chambers St., A". F. !
9 «»so-«». M . e ..... aß .. a «,.^^.i
SB^^ ■& H a{ jQ fl^^H is^ WT^m
j4&*T~^^v>. Quickly, Thoroughly,
>r^ £3? forerer Cured.
B A ourou t°' fly e who
ff mJh \ \ suffer nervousness,
I •/I £>rfc U Imenta1 mental '"wry, attacks
I JS€&§*feqi lof "the blues," are but
X^&zJ&S^kJ paying the penalty ot
V^^- I^/ early excesses. Vic-
>^^^^^^^^ tims, reclaim your
... ...... . manhood, regain your
vigor. Don't despair. Send for. book with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N. Y.
Ely's .Cream 'Sabip^Eai
Cleanses the Nasal : cSW* i tei, l 'fl
Passages, Allays Pain Wu£fvvt£ «%»£?*&
and Inflammation, m ' v EB .W &M
1 Restores the Senses of pJ>J, iSjj&jtU
Taste and Smell. KJ > ■£?■'&%
Heals the Sores. SMC'^'J^EJ
Apply Balm Into each nostril BSBT^ItSSS
KLT BttOS.s6W»rren »t.N.Y wßr^SS^fc***^*
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KEABST ST. Established
I in 1834 for the treatment of Private
' DlseusM. Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cureswben
I others fall. Try him. Charges low
|(!arrnenaraiit<-ri|. Callorwriteu
pr. J. F. tigBBOM. Box 1957. Sao yranclsco.
tfilSiiilil
ritiilj^
Mo Percentage Fharmacf, 953 .Market St.
TAMAR &h.s22£--
■ ■■ ■■■ rtßl very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
■ U It ■ bb ■■ 1 hemorrhoids, bile,
INn I b M los ? of a PPetite. gastric and
I W Ul l N tal ?ffi^x»-«
NOTARY PUBLIC.JOE CHOYNSKI
BESTS JIM HALL
The Australian Knocked
Out in the Thirteenth
Round.
SOME RED-HOT RUSHES.
During the Opening Encounters
the Californian Makes
Little Progress.
IS TWICE SENT TO THE FLOOE.
But He Regains His Second Wind and
Quickly Puts His Opponent
to Sleep.
MASPETH, L. L, Jan. 20.— One of the
largest crowds that have been seen at the
Empire Athletic Club since it was opened
was present to-night at the twenty-round
contest between JoeChoynskiof California
and Jim Hall of Australia. Hall carried
the dollars of the talent, but in the mind
of the sporting public the Californian was
regarded as the winner. On form Choynski
looked to have the better of the argument,
and his hitting powers were supposed to
offset Hall's cleverness.
Tim Hurst was referee, and there were
very few vacant seats in the spacious arena
when the curtain-raiser, a Biz-round "go"
between Johnny Gorman of Long Island
City and Jack Downey of Brooklyn, at 130
pounds, was put on. It was a very lively
bout of the give-and-take order, but in the
last round Downey had the best of matters
generally, and he war- aw an led the decision.
The star event of the evening was the
next attraction and the big fellows did not
take long in getting into the ring. The
betting before they shook hands was 100
- in favor of the Californian, but very
little money changed hanus. They were
announced to box twenty rounds at catch
weights. Choynski was the first to ap-
He was attended by Tom O'Rourke,
MLcCoy and Caspar Leon. Hall stepped
into the ring immediately after, accompa
nied by Sam Fitzpatrick, Jack Fogarty of
Philadelphia, Benny Murphy and Tim
Bcanlon of Pittebtug.
Round I— After some cautious sparring
ici landed the let' lightly on the body.
Lforni&a came again, but Hall ducked.
Choynski sent his left on the chin, and ju-t be
fore the round closed he landed a left on the
jaw hard.
md 2 — Choynski cut loose and tapped his
left on the stomach. Hall put his Jeft right on
the wind and face, Choynski sent a hot left
on the wind immediately after on the face.
Again Joe landed on the body, but not with
any force. Hall landed a love tap on the face
that made Choynski smile.
Round 3— Choynski tried for the body and
pot a leit jab in the eye. Hall put a left on the
fate and the Californian broke ground, but re
■ ! himself quickly. Hall got in a left jnb
on the iace. but it -was so light that the crowd
grinned. Hall was ou the defensive and the
contest was very tame so fur.
Round 4 — Hall opened quickly with a left on
the eye that made Choyn^ki shake his head.
Jim followed u]i with a crosa-left on the face.
CboynsU landed on the body, but Hall re
taliated with a lett on the jaw and uppercut
the Californian a moment later. Hall jabbed
his left on the mouth before the bell rang and
got away from the return. It was Hall's round
and they were warming a little to their work.
Round s— Chovn.-ki put a left on the wind
and in trying to get away slipped to his knee>.
Ha.i swung his left heavily across the face and
peered first blood. Choynski led for the face,
but rould not get inside Hall's guard. Left
and right swings on the face made Choynski's
nose and mouth bleed freely. Joe was very
wild.
Round 6— After a little fiddling the Califor
nian put in right and left on the side of the
head. Hall responded witn a left on the dam
aged nose. Choynski rushed his man to the
ropes, where both fell. ChoynskJ on top. Hall
In turn forced Joe to the ropes and, wing his
urUr.rtage of reach, tapped him twice on the
face.
Round 7— Joe attempted to rush his man,
but got the left twice en the fnce, which made
him more cautious. Choynski led for the body
•nd tried to duck the return blow, but caught
a right swing on the jaw. Joe tried to land on
the face, but failed and got jabbed twice in
fcuc?ession with the left.
Bound B— Hall feinted for the body and
Bwung the right hard on the iaw, repeating a
moment later and forcing C hoy n ski around
the ring. Choynski kept trying at long range,
but failed to land and and Hall pasted his left
on the face several times.
Round 9— Hall went for the body end landed
aleftswing. Joe lauded two good lefts on the
neck. Hall landed a right swine on the jaw
and Choynski went down. He took his full
time to get up, only to go down again on the
eaine t>to\v. The referee counted eight and Joe
rose again. Hall tried hard to put him out,
but was very tired bimseU and failed. The
C'alifornian stood him off till the bell rang.
Round 10— Choynski came up fairly fresh
and tried for the body. Hall put his right
hard over the heart and swung his left on the
•wind. Joe played for the body and landed
twice on the wind. Hall fought the Westerner
to the ropes, but Joe rallied nnd fought back.
Round 11— Joe cut loose for the wind at once
and sent his left in four times. In the in-h'g!it
ing that followed Hall landed his left on the
jaw twice. Just before the gong sounded Joe
landed a right on the head that sent the Aus
tralian to his knees.
Round 12— Joe kept playini? for the wind
and Hall appeared to weaken. They exchanged
lefts on the face and Joe swung a terrible left
on the wind. They fought fiercely all around
the ring, both dead tire<J. < hoynski swung
his right on the jaw and Hall dropped, the
bell again intervening during the count.
Round 13— ChoyriKki rushed at his man, and
pasting the left in his wind, staggered the Aus
tralian. Then Choynski cut loose* and swing-
Ing right and left OH the head, floored Hal!.
Jim got up only to get the same terrific punch,
and filially a right-hander on the jaw tloored
him again. Hall rolled over on the floor and
made no effort to rise, and the referee counted
him out and declared Choynskl the winner.
The round lasted one minute and thirteen
ecconds.
Hatley lirfented mutton.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 20. -Will Hatiey
of Duluth defeated George Sutton of To
ronto, Ont., this afternoon ou the second
pame of the shortstop billiard tournament
by the close score of 400 to 965. The Ca
nadian played as pretty billiards as have
been seen here, but luck was against him.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Marine Engineers Recommend John Bulger
as a Successor to Inspector Ber
mingham.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 20.— John
Bermingham of California, United States
inspector of steam vessels, is expected
here to-morrow. The National Associa
tion of inspectors is awaiting his arrival
to go into convention. J. J. Searey oi San
Francisco, who, with Delegate Jones, is
here to attend the annual meeting of
marine engineers, Baid to The Call corre
spondent.
'•It has been rumored for some time that
Inspector Bermingham would resign his
office, but we have no definite information
about it, as Mr. Bermiimham has not made
any positive statement as to his intentions,
But, anticipating that he may resign wtien
he reaches Was ingtun, our association of
marine encineers has recommended for
his place John Bulger of San Francisco,
son of Martin Bulger. Bulger served an
apprenticeship at Cramp'fl Philadelphia
shipyards. He was afterward ana for
many years chief engineer for the
Alaska Commercial Company. He served
in all interm< dir.te grades, from
apprentice to chief engineer, and we feel
that we would rather have him than a
captain or officer who knows nothing of
engineering. Tliere are 12,000 marine en
gineers in our association, and if our in
liuence counts tor anything Bulger ought
to b> appointed.
"We held our first session to-day, and
Senator Squire addressed the delegates.
We will all work earnestly to secure the
passage of Squire's hill. We want the law
to recognize us as officers, so that aliens
cannot be employed on American steam
ships."
Among other matters demanding the
presence of Colonel John P. Irish here is
the proposition for the relief of ex-Post
master Bryan and ex- Revenue Collector
Quinn. Both officials lost money
through the defalcation of employes
and deputies. Bryan lost about
$15,000, and Quinn about $.'SOOO.
Their bondsmen were Jtsse Carr, W. W.
Stowe and ex-Postmaster Backus. The
Postoftice Department has not enforced
its claims against bondsmen, and probably
' will not, pending this relief measure by
Congress. But if Congress fails to act
Carr, Backus and Stowe's heirs will have
to pay.
Daniel A. Burchard was to-day admit
ted to practice in the United States Su
preme Court.
Pensions for Californians — Original:
Brayton D. Gardner, Ferris. Mexican w;ir
survivors. increased — Peter Schupp,
Mountain Ranch.
Oregon — Original, widows, etc.: Minor
of Thomas femnleton, University Park;
minor of James H. Lynde, Fendleton.
Washington — Original, widow: Kate
Spielman, Seattle.
INVADED BY HAWKSHAWS.
Detectives Gather at the Capitol
in Pursuit of the Ko
valev Reward.
Captain Lees' Claim Apparently Finds
Favor With the Board of
Examiners.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 20.-The
Governor's olrice greatly resembled an old
time bull-baiting pit this afternoon, and
at times war seemed imminent. That old
veteran detective, Captain Lees, figured as
the principal, and a number of amateur
Hawkshaws and their attorneys as the
other actor?, and the cause of the trouble
was the reward offered b}' the State for the
arrest and conviction of the brutal mur
derers of Mr. and Mrs. Weber in this city
] over a year aeo. and for which cirne Ivan
Kovaiev, in his lonely cell at Folsom, is
suffering mental agonies that bid fair to
j rob the callows-tree of his fruit.
Captain Lees was decidedly out for that
reward, lie needed it in his business, and
pat up a strong case to prove that he had
■fairly earned it and intended to have it ;
and it appeared that the members of the
i board were inclined to recognize the claims
lof the veteran. Although the matter was
not decided, there is little doubt but that
; the money will go to Lees.
A broad smile gained conspiruity when
in the examination of Captain Lees he
said: "I only get ?100 per month,'
and yet it is said that some
persons with but $150 per month pay as
sessments on nearly half a million. The
chief of detectives had all his testimony in
typewritten manuscript, and in answer to
questions he would invariably answer,
•It's all in the paper." At first h« was
very non-committal, but as his ire arose at
Inc in; pertinent questions of attorneys
anii- amateurs he gradually relaxed his
taciturnity until eventually he narrated a
thrilling story of how a criminal is tracked
to his doom, from the discovery of the
first thread of evidence to the clang of the
iron door on the convicted wretch.
"The Sacramento police had their minds
so imbued with the idea that 'Shy Red'
was the murderer that it was useless to
'monkey' any more with them," said he,
"so I concluded to run the thing to earth
without any of their assistance. I had no
outside help. I needed none. From the
finding of the watch 1 hnd the matter well
in hand. There was a Russian who gave
me valuable information, but his name
has never figured in the case on account of
the vindictivenessof his countrymen."
"Who was that man?" interrupted At
torney Soule, who represented one of the
claimants For one long minute Cap
tain Lees was speechless at the audacity of
the question, and then he gasped: "None
of your business, sir; that my business."
"Oh, then you refuse to answer?"
"No, I don't; but the law does. Section
1881 gives me the right to protect the
name of a witness and I'll do it. Bennett
was never any use to me in the case," he
continued, "and don't deserve a penny."
"Didn't I inform you about Stevens?"
interrupted Mr. Bennett. "Didn't you
tell me to arrange a code of signals with
Cody there and bring Stevens to the Cafe
Royal because he wouldn't go near the
police. Wasn't I to accompany Stevens,
and when I met Cody to raise my hat ana
scratch my head?"
'Never! You never made any such ar
rangements with me," retorted Captain
Lees.
"Nor did you with me," interrupted
Detective Cody, and then matters got de
cidedly warm, and (here was talk about a
lie and a denial of the impeachment, and
eventually Lees arose to hi* feet and said:
"(ientlpmen, the publication of the re
ward says, 'for arrest and conviction.' I
arrested Kovalev, I convicted him, and I
am fully entitled to this reward."
And then the meeting adjourned, to re
sum" operations to-morrow, when other
claimants will be heard.
»_ I
LOS AXOJBTjISS., lIOTKL TJIAG^DJ.
i Miss Julia Weiss: Ends Her JAJe by In
haling Chloroform.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. When a
chambermaid at the Francis" House, on
; Spring street, started in to regulate the
1 rooms this morning she found the room
occupied by Miss Julia Weiss, a recent ar
rival, securely locked. She left and went
on about her other duties, and when they
were all performed returned to the room
she had passed. .This time she distinctly
detected the fumes of chloroform com in
from the room. She notified the proprie
i tor and the door was unlocked.
When the door swung open the stifling
fumes almost asphyxiated the persons
i about to enter. On the bed lay Miss Weiss
jin death. On a stand close by lay two
vials, empty. The Coroner was notified
and the body removed to undertaking
parlor*.
It is not known whether Miss Weiss
took the chloroform with suicidal intent
or not, but the supposition is that she did.
There was enouch chloroform in the two
; vials to kill a halfdozen people. Miss
Weiss was very reticent and kept closely
to her room. She had with her letters of
introduction to people in San Jose, San
I Francisco and Los Angeles. She was
j about 30 years of age, and though not
handsome, was prepossessing in appear
ance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21. 1896.
REDWOOD CITY'S
NEW THEATER.
The Albambra Opera-House
Opened by Frawley's
Company.
A GAY SOCIETY EVENT.
Prominent People From San
Francisco and Surrounding
Towns Present.
CHAELES JOSSELYN'S SPEECH.
Brilliant Performance by the Columbia
Theater Aggregation, Followed
by a Dance.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 20.— The
Frawley Company was handsomely re
ceived to-night at the initial performance
and dedication of Redwood's new theater,
The Alhambra, Redwood City's Magnificent New Opera • House, Opened by the
Frawley Company.
the Alhambra. It was the social event of
the season for this locality. A great many
theater parties had been arranged among
the elite families of this district, Menlo
Park, Falo Alto, Woodside, San Carlos,
Belmont and San Mateo. There was also
quite a delegation from San Francisco of
wealthy folks who own houses in San Ma
teo County, but who are spending the win
ter in the City. The result was an audi
ence of representative people that tilled
the theater to overflowing.
The theater was ablaze with electric
lights that showed everything off to ad
vantage. The Columbia Theater Orches
tra from San Francisco furnished excel
lent music, and the programme passed off
with dash and spirit. There was a neat
dedication address by Judge Buck, a happy
response by Charles Josselyn Esq., the
owner of the Alhambra property, and a
first-class performance by tne Frawley
Company, with twenty people in the cast.
After the performance the hall was
cleared for dancing, and a ball was in
progress until a late hour.
The beautiful Alhambra was constructed
by Charles Josselyn of San Francisco,
whose country home is at Brookside, near
Redwood City. He gave the well-known
architect. A. Page Brown, instructions to
prepare plans for a beautiful theater and
one possessing all the facilities for render
ing lirst-class plays and producing high
class opera. The architect's design was a
tasteful blending of the Moorish and Mis
sion types of architecture. The cost of the
structure has far exceeded the original
estimate presented to Mr. Josselyn, but
having embarked in the enterprise he de
cided to carry it through, even if the
changes proposed required a larger outlay
than he anticipated.
Aside from the construction of the thea
ter proper no expense was spared In pro
viding illuminating effects, and so elec
tricity was introduced to light the stage,
the auditorium and the stage dressing
rooms, the wines and the orchestra space,
according to the most approved modern
methods.
In the equipment of scenery the highest
artistic talent was invoked, and few thea
ters in the country surpass the Albambra
in this respect. The drop-curtain, painted
by John Stanton, is a dream of beauty,
and while it was on exhibition in this City
elicited the highest compliments from
theatrical managers. It is a Venetian
scene showing the city in t!ie distance,
with gondolas as the central figures.
The Alhambra has a capacity for com
fortably seating 1000 people, and in a
cru<-h 1200 spectators may find room.
The proceeds of the initial or dedicatory
performance, after paying the expenses of
the Columbia Company, are given by Mr.
Josselyn to the fund which is being raised
in Redwood City to purchase a clock for
the tower on the High School. The per
centage of the receipts to which Mr. Josse
lyn is entitled will, when added to the
amount now in the clock fund, provide
sufficient money to buy a beautiful time
piece.
Kedwood City is justly proud of the
Al ham bra, and the pride extends through
out San Mateo County. Leading man
agers of dramatic and opera companies
are also gr.ititied, as their circuits demand
good theaters outside of San Francisco.
CLOVERDALE'S CITRUS FAIR.
Preparations for the Fruit Carnival Pushed
Forward Vigorously — Many Exhib
itors Apply.
CLOVERDALK, Cal., Jan. 20. — The
work of preparation for the citrus fair goes
right along and is being pushed as rapidly
as possible. The several committees have
their hands full, and are rinding that
there is considerable work in connection
with an exhibition of this kind, but from
past experiences it is certain that they are
equal to their task.
Applications for space are already being
filed. The number of exhibits will be far
in excess of those of previous fairs. With
the exception of a few advantageous
changes the general arrangement in the
pavilion will be similar to that of last
year. There will be various booths. That
for the selling of oranges will be in charge
of Mrs. I. E. Shaw; refreshments and ice
cream, Mrs. J. A. Kleisor; candy booth
Mrs. C. E. Humbert, and Miss Maud
Graham will dispose of the souvenir
badges. The ticket agency is under the
direction of W. T. Brush; printing and
prog^me, Jojjn F u^d, C. E. Humbert
and P, W. Brush; excursion rates, M.
Menihan and George Baer.
Hon. E. W. Davis, County Superintend
ent of Schools, is to deliver the annual
opening address. The Cloverdale brass
band, under the leadership of Professor D.
C. Smith of Healdsbug and with the assist
ance of other outside talent, will furnish
the music. A ball, to be given on the
closing night in the large hall on the
second floor of the pavilion, will prove an
attractive feature of the fair.
Much interest in this and adjoining
counties is shown for the coming orange
show. All the newspapers in the county
are lending liberal aid in their columns
toward making theaffair a success. The
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company has consented to reduce the
rates at every point on its line to one fare
for the round trip, coming or going, on
January 29, 30 and 31 and returnine on
Saturday, February 1.
FORTLAMt'S JAIL-BREAK.
A Convict Telia Sow the Recent Escape
Was AccompUmhed.
SALEM, Or., Jan. 20.— Charles Sullivan,
alias Quinn, who was last, night com
mitted to the penitentiary for ten years
for robbing a Catholic cathedral in Port
land, has made a statement concerning
the escape of the notorious Con Kelliher,
O'Brien and Zands from th<> Multnomah
County Jail on Friday nicht. He and
other prisoners in the jail, including Sin
You, the Chinese murderer, were invited
to walk out, but refused.
The escape was effected shortly after
lock-up, between 7:30 and 8 o'clock. Kel
liher had a saw made out of a steel case
knife with which he sawed the bars of his
cell and sot into the corridor. A strange
blanket, which was found inside the cell,
was brought there for the purpose of gag
gin tc any one who raised an alarm.
The work was planned to perfection and
defied discovery. Kelliher is an expert at
j jail-breaking, and the. wonder is that he
did not make it possible for a dozen or fif
teen of his fellow-inmates to escape.
Sullivan made important admissions to
Sheriff Sears of Multnomah County, who
brought him up on the train, which shows
how the jail-break was so easily effected.
Nothing has been seen or heard of the es
capes as ye*.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Two Boys Arraigned in Court
for Looting a Country
Roadhouse.
Creditors Ask That J. Z. Anderson Be
Declared Insolvent — Mrs. Cook's
Divorce Suit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 20.— Louis Mar
j tinnelh and Herbert Gillespie, the boys
who robbed Harry Wade's place on the
Alviso road of a gold watch and other ar
ticles yesterday afternoon, were arraigned
before Justice Herrington at Santa Clara
this morning on a charge of burglary.
The boys entered a plea of not guilty,
and their examination was set for January
28. They were remanded to jail in default
of $500 bail each. The lads have fre
quently figured in the police courts in this
city.
CKEMTOJtS TAKE ACTIOX.
Attempt to Rave J. Z. .4 nderton De-
rhtrrd an Jnaolvmt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 20.— E. C. Single
tary, S. M. Davis, Fred M. Stern, the T.
W. Hobson Company and the Farmers'
D nion, creditors of J. Z. Anderson, to-day
tiled a petition in the Superior Court ask
ing that J. '/.. Anderson be required to shovr
cause why he should not be declared an
insolvent debtor. The petition alleges
that Anderson has allowed the property
of the Anderson Fruit Company, which
was attached last Friday upon two claims
of the Security Savings Bank, aggregating
$!iOOO, to lay under attachment, three days,
and that "respondent is insolvent. The
claims of the petitioners are: E. C. Sin
gletarv. $14,000; S. M. Davis, $100; F. M.
Stern, $.">OO- T. W. Hobson Company, $40;
Farmers' Union. $22.
Judge Reynolds made an order citing .7.
Z. Anderson to appear on February 10 and
show cause why he should not be declared
insolvent. In the meantime persons are
forbidden to settle any indebtedness with
respondent.
au£S for a mroncE.
Mrß. Eva AUnce Cook Would Jin Tree
- . From Her Husband. .
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 20.— Eva Aimee
Cook has commenced suit against Jean A.
Cook for divorce on the ground of deser
tion. Tho Cooks were married in Indiana
in 1884. There are no children and no
community nroperty to wrangle over.
For several years Cook conducted a
candy-store in this city, but. about a year
ago he failed. Shortly afterward be de
serted his wife and went to Los Angeles,
where he is at present.
Fate of an Aged Thief.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 20.— John Griffin,
an old, gray-haired man, who has spent
nearly twenty years of his life in prison,
was before Judge Lorigan this afternoon
for sentence for looting the office of P, B.
Heath, on North First street. He had
pleaded guilty to burglary in the second
degree, and was sentenced to five years in
San Quentin.
Six Year* for a Burglar.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 20.— Salatoro Ra
gosa, who pleaded guilty to robbing the
residences of W. C. Hamilton near Los
Gatos and V. Sugg near Almaden, was to
day sentenced to four years in San Quentin
lor the Hamilton robbery and two years
for the second offense by Judge Lorigan.
A prior conviction was also urged against
Ragosa.
Mrs. Helen Fierce. Dead.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 20.— Mrs. Helen
Pierce, a pioneer resident of this county,
died at Madrone yesterday. She was a
native of Canada, nnd came to Santa Clara
County in 185 H. For the past fifteen years
she had resided near Madrone. She was
68 yeara of age. A husband and live chil
dren survive her.
CAPTURE OF THE
CALPELLA BANDIT.
Sheriff Johnson and Posse
Land the Outlaw
in Jail.
SURPRISED NEAR UKIAH.
Covered by Rifles Before He Can
Draw a Weapon From
His Pocket.
IDENTIFIED AT THE PRISON-
Officers Are Certain They Have the
Stage Robber Who Shot Ex.
Sheriff Standley.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 20.— Sheriff J. R.
Johnson and three deputies to-day landed
in jail the outlaw accused of robbing the
stage between Ukiah and Willits on De
cember 31, and again on January 15, and
who shoe and twice wounded ex-Sheriff
Standley on Friday last while Standley
was endeavoring to capture him.
Word was brought to town late last night
that a suspicious-looking stranger had
been seen near the Henry place, seven
miles south of town. Sheriff Johnson
Immediately called to his aid two depu
ties, J. JL. Johnson and Nelson McClure,
accompanied by the man who brought
tne news to town, and the party
left for the south early this morn
ing. Close search of the neighborhood
where the man was alleged to have been
seen was made without result. The party
on its return trip entered a lane leading to
the ranch of John Roeder, with Sheriff
Jotmson ana Deputy Johnson in the lead,
and while following this road caught sight
of a stranger afoot. The officers in the
lead halted him and made some inquiry as
to whether he had seen a man answering a
certain description. He replied in nega
tive.
By this time McClure and Finney, the
latter being the fourth man of the party,
came up and the four passed on. A few
yards further a turn in the road was
reaciied, and at a word from the Sheriff
the party quickly dismounted and turned
back to where the stranger stood, with
Kuns leveled, they demanded that he
tiirow his hands up. The stranger, who
was reading a paper at the time, while
walking along the road, complied, not
however, before attempting to draw a
revolver. The click of a hammer warned
him and his hands went up,
Deputy Johnson advanced upon the man
after he had been ordered to turn his back
to the officers. Upon searching him it
was foun d that he had two large Colt's re
volvers within easy reach, both of 44-cal
iber, one almost new being of the make
used by United States soldiers, and the
other a nickel-plated weapon. Money
amounting to about $17 was also found.
Great care was taken in bringing the
outlaw to town, as it was feared that if it
were generally known that he was under
arrest an effort might be made to take
him from the officers and lynch him. He
was placed in charge of Deputy Johnson
who, after making a circuitous route,"
landed him in jail without trouble. Two
minutes after the jail was reached 300
people congregated at the entrance. No
attempt was made to enter the jail and
none is anticipated. While lynching is
talked of, it is not believed the threats
will be executed. The general opinion,
however, is that if Standley died from the
wounds inflicted nothing could have saved
the prisoner.
Joel Starkey, the man who was with
Standley when the latter was wounded,
visited the jail this evening and positively
identified the prisoner as the man who
shot Standley. When arrested three
empty cartridges were found in one of his
revolvers, the exact number of bullets
fired at Standley.
In conversation with a Call correspond
ent this evening, the prisoner stated that
his name was John Schneider. As to his
whereabouts up to the time of his arrest
he was reticent. He pretended not to
know Starkey, and when asked concerning
the stage robbery refused to say anything
except, "You will have to prove that on
me." This evening, when Sheriff John
son told him to prepare for a sitting before
the camera, he agreed only on the condi
ion that his photograph would be withheld
from the press. The captive is a rather
pleasant appearing man, weighs 170 pounds,
5 feet 7 inches in height and heavy Bet,.
He has a round face, is light complexioned,
with a flat nose and blue eyes, while his
face is adorned by a two weeks' growth of
beard and a stubby mustache. The offi
cers are confident they have the right
man, and a still hunt is being made for his
accomplices, as it is reasonably certain he
was aided in dodging the posses on his
trail.
A SAVING OF THOUSANDS.
Examiners Planning for a Cutting Down of
the Expense of State
Asylums.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 20— Thedel
eeates from the boards of directors of the
State asylums held a joint meeting with
the Board of Examiners this morning for
the purpose of deciding upon a route of
inspection of the State institutions, which
will take place next month, and other
matters of vital interest.
It was conceded a good plan to advertise
for the staple products needed in all asy
lums north of Tehachapi at one time, buy
in a lump and distribute pro rata. It was
also agreed to formulate a uniform system
of bookkeeping and salaries of employes.
The Governor pointed out the fact that
employes of asylums drew more pay than
the average Bchoolma'am, who had to
spend years of preparation in ardent study.
It was agreed to weed out over 800 inmates
who did not belong in the asylums, and to
rnaice those who were able financially pay
for their Telatives' care.
Secretary of State Brown said that he
knew of one instance where a man worth
fully $50,000 had his wife in the asylum
free of charge. Mr. Gardner thought that
counties snould pay at least 50 per cent of
the expense of keeping their patients, but
no decisive action was taken on this sug
gestion.
The San Bernardino asylum got another
general overhauling on account of expen
ses, and the officials of that institution
may expect to be handled without gloves
when the investigating committee reaches
them in the general tour.
Secretary of State Brown, who has for
lating plans for reducing expenses all
along the line, stated that the new sys
tems to be adopted would result in a saving
of at least $200,000 a year to the State. Dr.
Gardner moved that the Governor appoint
committees on the various subjects under
discussion. This motion was carried and
the Governor appointed the committees as
follows:
On pay-roll and consolidation— Dr. M. Gard
ner, Joseph Steffens and Dr. Fisher of Mendo
eino and Dr. or Napa.
■Hlegjil detention— Dr. Hatch, Dr. M. Gardner
and Dr. Gardner of Xapa.
Changes of laws— Judge (iibsonof San Diego,
<TOvernor Budd, Edward White and Attorney-
Genera] Fitzgerald.
Business management and control—Secre
tary of State Brown, Edward White and Joseph
Steffens.
The committees were instructed to re
port on March 15. The Governor an
nounced that the Board of Examiners, as
it sees all the books of the institutions,
will take charge of the matter of adopting
a uniform system ..of bookkeeping.
hakeksfikli* FORGERY.
Money Order Stolen from the Poatoffice
and Cashed.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 20.— A pe
culiar case of the theft of a money order
from the postorh'ee here, the forgery of the
payee's name ana the negotiation of the
stolen paper came to light to-day by the
arrest of the supposed guilty parties— J.
B. Gyle and Thomas De Court.
J. B. Yuie of Hanford came here a short
time ago and later his wife sent him an
order for $28 50. He never got it, as a
later letter from Mrs. Yule showed. In
quiry at the postoffice showed that the or
der had been paid to Frank Carson, the
proprietor of a theater here, it having been
transferred to him apparently by J. B.
Yule. Yule's name had been forged on
the order. The officers were at once noti
fied and soon found that De Court was al
ready in jail under the name of Smith for
some swindling transaction.
Gyle was arrested to-day. He claims he
came honestly by the order, but his story
does not hang together very well. The
Postmaster has sent for a postal inspector
to come and take charge of the case.
SPORT AT BAKERSFIELD.
Pacific Coast Field Trials Open
With a Derby in the
Mud.
Dogs Work Well Despite the Rain and
the Heavy Nature of the
Cover.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 20.— This
was the first day of the Pacific Coust field
trials. The attendance was not so large as
it would ha7e been had the weather been
less threatening. It rained more or less
on Saturday, Sunday, last night and to
day, which made the roads and fields
muddy and kept all except enthusiasts at
home. Many strangers, however, came on
last night's train and went out to the
Stockdale ranch, where the trials took
place.
It was decided to have the Derby first,
the entries being; A. B. Truman's Irish
setter Young Dick with E. F. Northam's
black pointer Black Beauty; John Schu
macher's English setter Rowena with .T.
W. Keene's English setter San Carlos; R.
K. Garner's English setter Peachblossom
with George Crocker's pointer Jilt and
Joseph Savers' English setter Lady Stam
boul. Owine to the absence of William
Kittle, C. N. Post of Sacramento was given
his place as judge, the other two being D.
M. Pyle of this place and Andrew Jackson
of Napa.
The first race commenced at 10:15
o'clock and closed at 10:o0, the contestants
being the first two entries. Under the
system of judging adopted by the club it
is not known who wins until after the con
clusion of the entire match, consequently,
as tne Derby was not finished to-day, it i 3
impossible to give the winners' names.
The second brace of dogs was put down
at 11:10 o'clock ana taken up at 11:25,
when there was a sop for lunch. The
sport was resumed at 1:10 and this race
closed at 1 :45.
The third brace of dogs was put down
at 2:35 and taken up at 3:03. The scene
was shifted a mile or two. and they were
put down at 4:40, when a heavy rainfall
put an end to the day's sport.
Considering the weather the sport was
excellent. Some difficulty, however, was
experienced on account" of the heavy
nature of the cover, and it is probable the
scene of operations so-morrow will be
shifted to the McClung ranch, farther
from town, where the cover is more open.
If the weather is fair, to-morrow will close
the Derby, and on Wednesday the all
age stake will come up. This will likely
last into Thursday and possibly even
later.
NEW IQ-pAY. ,^-^-^^-_-_-_^_^^ w
KELLY & LI EBES
Cloak and suit House,
120 Kearny Street.
THIRD WEEK OF THE WINTER
CLEARANCE SALE— BEST
YET.
ALI -WOOL~~JACKETS.
= Jfijh ELEGANT ALL-
WOOL CLOTH
W^fa§4 tisht-fitting, bi«
It W sleeves, braided
' " vSksiS ftlK^ fur - trim-
jx&oj£ mcd, colors and
I **>ZZsrWs^**? a *.~* ~sv bla c k, wer v.
S/Z?tJtm / f^^^S. 27 50 - Price
V *^i\ »/ I \lM\ to sell at once,
\fvtirr B^i / i * 10 '°°
\ L^j^^ FINE ALL-WOOL
HT^V CLOTH JAC-
t j §> 1 I J tin.', fur-trim-
'■ "■• (it fl^ mcd, in tans,
|] J • Ya ' browns'. and
• A til [ ! _J»3 navy. Reduced
JStei j \i mo&\ from .?'JS to
S&&sh 225 FINE ALL-
tfSBSBk WOOL CLOTH
•* l ß»s i^ JACKETS. big
\k^.S^ ■ sleeves, all col-
-7\ if/ -* ors. These were
JerfL v marked $16,
*rtPr^r»^ -^ many of them
rfp*^F_V \ •^^ r — V^v more - Price now
■r v^T^tK^ \ * 3 5 0
\ mJijl/\ '•■ ' 'V 275 Excellent ALL-
i*-^YV%\ \ ~^~jr WOOL CLOTH
/^MA\j / \ JACKETS, big
// /{ Vi 7/ sleeves, good
AV*^ 111 ■4w/>\ • styles, black and
™- HI 111/ \ colors, were $18
■"-'■'■■ till iV» \ and over. Best
lll'll I cloak bargain of
«, '/ 1 11 1 the year at
EftlHOrJiL j,| J, 94.00
180 Very Fine ALL-WOOL CLOTH JACKETS '
large sleeves, good styles, in black and nil
colors. Were $20. Just 14 price to close them
atonce— ; . . . . S3. 00
VELOURS CAPES.
•la NOBBY VELOURS DU
C^vA NORD PLUSH
jt!3Es> CAPES,,very full
VJr ."'- "' ■- ripple, fur-trimmed,
r-#2j-K ■ braided and . beaded,
■ '//"Jn i\ Price $20. 'Those
// W W prke $' zo - Those left
wl Us°at 913.50
J^^«B^ J C"^k SHORT SILK PLUSH
I^/^sSi^^fJ : CAPES, silk-lined and
•c XVi* SSM\ , . far-trimmed,' very full
Mi iWUr sweep. Were $15 00,
■•.•■iWWwSSSBsr ' '"a now only 99. 00
MAIL ORDERS SHOULD BE SENT AT ONCE
foEffigftglttg *Aw yasd» CaUa(acUQfl6uaraateea.
SCANDAL OF THE
CARSON MINT
Trenmor Coffin Accused
of Tampering With
Witnesses.
IN HENEY'S INTEREST.
Charged With Having Hired
Young Langevin to Evade
a Subpena.
BETRAYED BY A GO-BETWEEN.
The Man Who Handled the Money
Testifies to Keep Himself Out
of Prison.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 20.— 1t was gener
ally iinderstood in Carson Saturday after
noon that the Government was m a posi
tion to strike another blow in the mint
cases in the arrest of Trenmor Coffin, one
of Heney's attorneys in the recent trial for
the theft of bullion, on the charge of fur
nishing money to induce the young wit
ness, Langevin, to leave the country. It
is claimed that be paid the money to D.
Circe to give to Langevin. Ciice claims
that when he received the money he did
not know anything of the nefarious pur
pose for which it was intended.
When Coffin realized that the deal was
coming his way he hastened to the State
prison to have a conversation with his late
client, James Heney. The meeting be
tween Heney and Coffin was very cool, as
Heney claimed that but for Coffin he
would not have been in jail. What passed
beiween the two is not known. The prob
able cause of Coffin's visit was to find out
if Heney would testify that he gave Coffin
the money to get the witnesses out of the
way. The assurance he got from Heney
could not have been very positive, as his
air after his return was anything but
assuring.
Charles Jones, the United States Dis
trict Attorney, filed the affidavit pre
paratory to Coffin's arrest this after
noon charging Coffin with paying $100 to
get a -witness out of the country. It is
sworn to by D. Circe. The affidavit is
quite lengthy. It declares that Trenmor
Coffin knew that Joseph Langevin was an
important and material witness on behalf
of the United States in the trial of the
Heney case, and knew Joseph Langevin
was possessed of material facts bearing
upon tbe guilt of Heney. Knowing the
facts, Trenmor Coffin on November 23,
18U5, induced Langevin to avoid the ser
vice of subpena upon him and to conceal
himself from the officers of the United
States. To that end he paid to William
Langevin, the father of Joseph, $100. The
affiant swears upon information and be
lief that by reason of the premises Tren
mor Coffin was guilty of misbehavior so
near to the court as to obstruct, and that
he was guilty of contempt, under the pro
vision of section 725 of the Revised
Statutes of the United States.
Circe had taken the money to Langevin,
and had he not made this affidavit the
Government would have proceeded against
him. The United States court meets in
tne morning, and Judge Hawlev will be
called upon to issue a citation.
There is great excitement over the mat
ter in Carson, and it is known that the
Government will push the case against
Coffin to the bitter end. The Government
officers say they propose to present hia case
to the United States Grand Jury.
failure at Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 20.— M. B.
Dolan, boot and shoe dealer, failed to-day.
The Sheriff attached his stock on a
creditor's claim for $12,282.
This Season's Goods
Must Go at Once-
Cost or Less.
KERSEY JACKETS.
HANDSOME TAN KER- - r
SEY JACKETS, box ACT
; fronts, big buttons, new jMSMh
sleeves, ripple backs: - f&FZ\
also same style In black "^jt ir'
or blue. Were $12 50. rfSFfc '- .
ELEGANT LIGHT TAN (f VIKIj If I
KERSEY JACKETS, VS. \ {/) I- It /
box fronts, big buttons, • <r> alV*
new sleeves, velvet col- \\Jt < 1 ™l \1
lars, ripple back. Were a \3 I )\jf
$20. now reduced to 4£iS!&.lilS?&S'
814.00 &*&&*&*
FINE ALL-WOOL KERSEY OR CHEVIOT
JACKETS, box front, ripple bucks, mandolin
sleeves, colors black or^navy. They were $10,
but to close we say
56.50
BOUCLE JACKETS.
FINEST CURLY BOU- . ■,■, •
CLE JACKETS, navy or <?&■>
. . black, big . buttons, box £&rfi&>
fronts, ripple backs, the 4f*.~&7
newest sleeves: $15 last if
week. Cut price --V^fS»~~^
; $10.00 /firts£s&ts&\
DRESSY ALL-WOOL wM^\\W^!iW
BOUCLE JACKETS, \&\y ) ', "X -W
blue or black box fronts, v-f"rk',t '■' ' ir^v»t
ripple backs, the newest •JiJt!' |«OjJ
sleeves, velvet " collars, s~^ [JS
kind that were $14. Now •' fTS u t'WTS*\
only fiiirJjSFV*
58.50
NOBBY BOUCLE CLOTH '$$?
JACKETS, box fronts, ft'r
ripple backs, very latest . __«. iijC
sleeves, in navy and /s/SL^vifg-S?)*
black. They were if 12 50, B&MV&jSrtSQh
but marked down to \s&r&^ff29jo*i
87.50 \^M[f
LADIES' SUITS. M^B[
HEAVY TAIL O R MtfrfflzW^'J'
- SERGE DRESSES, box fL/'-\\
Jackets biff wide skirts. ■ hm^^jo\\
•1 1 en c d throughout. Aif ?*i-y>bf}&!A
Were $22 50. Now /&?'?&M\
91 5. OO Sffij-y,.;,^ ■$•}£
CAMELS' HAIR SERGE WAISTS, browns and
Hgj, Uiejl atylea. Ver/ special at.. 91, 79
34
MOTHER DELUGE
FOR THE STATE.
Rain Again Pouring Down
After a Few Hours'
Intermission.
WASHOUTS AND FLOODS.
Railroad Officials Compelled to
Give Up the Battle in Many
Sections.
TRAFFIC IS SADLY DELAYED.
Orchards and Grainfields Have Not
Suffered From the Generous
Wetting.
SACRAMENTO, Cat.., Jan. HO.— There
has been but little abatement in the severe
storm that rages throughout tiie Sacra
mento Valley, and in many instances the
railroad officials have been compelled to
give uy« the battle.
On the Willows division, for over a dis
tance of 400 yards, the track has been
washed away, despite every effort to pre
vent it; but trains on th< j Oregon division
are being forwarded by way of Marysville.
There the water has receded from the
track, but as rain is falling heavily in that
vicinity, it is feared that even that route
will shortly have to be abandoned. Should
this i rove to be the case, it means a total
stoppage of railroad communication with
Oregon, at least for a time.
Lnother difficulty which is being experi
enced v the heavy landslides on the Shasta
division. Up at Honcot the track is still
under water and communication with Oro
ville is cut off. The system of constant
watching over tracks and culverts con
tinues and has been so perfected that as
yet no accidents have been reported.
The great Yolo basin is rapidly filling
with back water and the first norther will
give the railroad authorities all they can
do to protect the track between this city
and Davisvilie. Life for Superintendent
Wright and his assistant, T. Jones, has by
no means been a bed of roses for the past
week. During that time they have both
been busily engaged in making runs to ex
posed places and personally conducting
the work, or, stationed in their office, in di
recting affairs by wire.
SAy T.OHESZO LOWriilSG.
Danger of a Flood at Santa Cruz He
lierrrl to Ifave I'aaaed.
SANTA CRUZ, Cat.., January 20.-A
light, steady rain fell here all day, with
out wind, and following the heavy down
pour just before daylight is taken to be
indicative of a cessation of the heavy rain
that has continued almost uninterruptedly
for^tne past week. Ihe San Lorenzo River
reached its highest stase at 9 o'clock this
morning, and looked as though it would
soon go over its banks. There was fear at
that hour of flooding the power-house of
the elertric railway and light plant, but
as the rain slackened the river ran lower
and for the present there is no danger.
Reports come here that the Pajaro
River is overrunning its banks, with a
prospect of becoming a flood.
The rainfall for this storm to date is 5.86
inches; for the season beginning Novem
ber Ito 7p. m. to-day, 10.5<) inches. Fisher
men say that salmon are still here and
there are plenty of sardines for feed, out
the sea is too rough for fishing.
git. nor xyitKß water.
Nearly Two and One - Hal f Inches of
Haiti in a Single Xitjht.
GILROY, Cal., Jan. 20. — The steady
rain for the cast few days brought the
U vas Creek into town again this morning.
On Saturday it flooded the southern por
tion of the town, and to-day's overflow is i
but a repetition. The water poured '
through Seventh street in a steady stream
until noontime.
The rainfall last night amountod to 2.40
inches, mating a total of 7.07 inches for
the storm and 11.11 inches for the season.
Not much damage is reported from the
flooded districts, but if the rain continues
during the night, as present conditions in
dicate, there will be another overflow be
fore morning. All the streams are run
ning bank full.
Citizens talk of petitioning the Board of
Supervisors for an appropriation of $25,000
for the building of leves to protect the
town from the annual overflow of the
Uvas stream.
LODI'S H.XAVY STORM.
Some linmatje lioue hy the Jtotrtlpotir
of Jin in and, dale of Hind.
LODI. CaL., Jan. 20.— The heaviest
storm of tlie season occurred last night.
Rain poured down from dusk to daylight,
accomcanied by a gale of wind. A sea of
water surrounds Lodi, and some destruc
tion of property has resulted.
The big wooden dam across the Moke
lumne River at Woodbridjre has had a
narrow escape from destruction. A force
of men with a piledriver has been at work
repairing it, and especially engaged in try
ing to check the ftow of water under the
uam. The heavy rains quickly raised the
water in the river, and had the work of
stopping the' flow \mderneath the dam
been delayed two days longer, further
work would have been impossible, and the
enormous pressure against and under the
wooden structure wonld have resulted in
its destruction. As it is the farmers now
breathe more easily, for their alfalfa fields
can now receive plenty of water.
SOLAS O COUS'TY'S OAIM.
Orchardistt Look Forward to a Heavy
Yirld of Fruit.
SUISUN, Cal., Jan. 20.— One of the
heaviest downpours of rain for twelve
consecutive hours recorded in this section
was the result of last night's storm. The
rain gauge this morning showed a pre
cipitation of 2.17 inches, making thus far
for the month 6.58 inches and 10.21 inches
for the season. Prospects for good crops
were never more favorable at this time of
the year, and the acreage of grain seeded
is larger than for many years past. The
long-continued dry spell «aye orchardists
ample time to finish pruning and other
winter work, and they look forward to a
large yield, the trees of all varieties bein<»
thickly budded.
sap a. sir overflows.
Heavy Itaina J:jrtend. the Stream Over
Stiles of Territory.
NAPA, Cal., Jan. 20.— During twelve
hours last night about 3.50 inches of rain
fell here, and by morning the river had
spread out over miles of territory south of
this city. It is still running high, and
many houses and some of the manufac
tories located near the river are completely
surrounded by water. It is not high
enough to cause serious damage, as nearly
all of these places are prepared for some
raise in the river, but some of the concerns
have stopped work until the waters run
down. It has not rai.-ed much to-day, and
the river is now falling. No damage of
consequence is reported anywhere in this
vicinity.
JtVSSIAX itIVER BOOMIXO.
Levees Washed Away by the Rise of the
Waters.
CLOVERDALE, Cat.., Jan. 20.— The
abundant rains of the past week have done
much good to growing grain and the stock
ranges, although up to the present time
this section has not been in dire need of a
shower. The present season has been un
usually favorable for sheep, and they are
in good condition to go through the re
mainder of the winter.
Considerable damage was done by the
high water during the week along Russian
River, many levees which were built at con
siderable labor and expense last summer
were carried away. A large landslide
Friday night almost completely wrecked
one of the large wine cellars of the Parker
Vineyard Wine Company, doing damage
to the building and contents amounting
to about |800.
A/: WCA STL E ItRJCX CHE D.
Heavy Downpour of Itain and a Strong
Hind Prevailing.
NEWCASTLE, Cal., Jan. 20.— The storm
which raged so liercely here all of last week
cleared away Saturday evening, only to set
in again with renewed energy about 5
o'clock last evening. Heavy rain, accom
panied by a strong wind, prevailed all of
last night and to-day. No damage ap
pears to have been done, however, and
everything looks the better for the wet
ting.
The rainfall for last evening was 1.05
inches and for the season 13.03 inches to
date, against 29 inches last year at the
same time. Every one welcomes the
downpour.
It IST. OF THE I'AJARO.
The River Likely to Break Over Its
Banks in Vl aces.
WATBONVILLR Cal., Jan. 20. — The
storm continues in this section. All the
creeks and small streani3 leading into the
l'ajaro River are running bank full. It is
expected that the Pajaro will break over
its banks in places by to-morrow, but no
great damage is expected therefrom. The
farmers of this section, particularly the
beet-growers, are ready to see a cessation
of the rain. The fall for the storm is over
six inches.
3'ar/fi Uralnficlds Inundated.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 20.— The
storm, which lias been raging here for
upward of a week, continues without signs
of abatement. At an early hour this morn
ing rain fell in torrents, accompanied by a
gale. All the grainfields east of the city
are covered with water.
Fresno County Deluged.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 20.— One and three
hundredth3 inches of rain fell in Fresno
during the past twenty-four hours, making
3.09 inches for the storm. Reports from
the mountains east of Fresno are that the
rainfall was exceedingly heavy. At one
point near the tollhouse two inches fell in
less than an hour.
Pouring Down at Santa Barbara,
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 20.—
Aft^r a day and a night of rest and a
premise of fair weather the rain started in
vigorously again this morning and it haß
poured down all day. At G o'clock this
evening .74 of an inch had fallen, making
3.75 inches for the storm and 6.19 for the
season.
Holliatrr's Wettino.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Jan. 20.— The rain
fall for the storm up to 7 o'clock this even
ing was 4,55 inches.
SAN DIEGO MURDER CASE
|Joe Ebanks' Fate Will Soon Be
Decided by a Jury of His
Peers.
Strong Circumstantial Evidence Leaves
Little Doubt as to His
Guilt.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 20.— Another
day and Joe Ebanks, the alleged mnr
derer of Mrs. Harriet Stiies and John D.
Borden, will probably know his fate. It
may be hanging and it may be a long term
in State prison, but, judged by the de
meaaor of Joe Ebanus in the courtroom, it
does not matter much what the verdict is.
He will receive it as stoically as he has
taken everything else connected with his
trial. He has made a name for himself as
either a man without any nerves at all or
as having an extraordinary supply.
All to-day was occupied by the prosecu
tio.n in the examination of eleven wit
nesses, who testified in rebuttal of what
the defense has introduced. Much of the
testimony was unimportant, but sufficient
evidence was adduced to make it plain
that Ebanks had lied on several occasions
regarding the most important points in
case.
A sensational story cropped out to-day
regarding an alleged attempt on Ebanks 1
part to bribe Deputy Sheriff Jennings.
Ebanks' mother owns a cocoanut planta
tion on the island of Grand Cay
man, lying Eontn of Cuba, and
she and her other sons evidently
possess means. The prisoner has toJd
several persons that he owns property on
Grand Cayman. Home time ago he called
Deputy Sheriff Fred Jennings to his ceil
and asked him if he would do some work
for him. He was requested to say just
what he wanted done.
•'Wei!, it is just this way," said Ebanks.
"I can raise $1000 and I want some work
done for me. Now, if you can do it lam
willing to pay you what you ask. I know
you arc more familiar with my case than
anybody else, and you can do me quite a
favor. Will you do it?"
"It depends on what you want, Doc,"
replied Deputy Sheriff Jennings. "If you
want any witnesses subpenaed, or if .there
is anything else that I can do for you that
will aid your cause I am perfectly willing
to do it without any expense to you. just
so it is in the interest of justice. But don't
expect me to do anything for you that is
not all right, for the $1000 would not cut
any figure with me." '
Ebanks held up his hands in horror at
the suggestion of bribery, and the conver
sation soon came to a close.
There was not a single witness that he
could name at that time who would do
him any good. Later his counsel insisted
that it would not be safe to go to trial
without one Jensen, a saloon-keeper of
Fulierton, first being subpenaed as a wit
ness. Jensen was brought down, but
nothing in Ebanks' favor was learned from
him. The whole case has been against
him, and if there is anything in circum
stantial evidence the verdict will be guilty
of murder in the first degree.
Spokane Plot Foiled.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 20. — Sheriff
Rinear made the discovery this evening of
a plot to make a wholesale jail delivery of
prisoners confined in the County Jail.
Saws, riles and other implements were
found secreted in the cel.'soi the prisoners.
Chief Deputy C. E. Bartholomew and
Night Jailer J. M. Murphy are accused by
the prisoners of being implicated in the
plot to liberate them. They say the offi
cers Bupplied them with tools. Pending
an investigation of the charges the Sheriff
has suspended Bartholomew and Murphy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
NOT A GOOD MATCHMAKER
J. Talbot Clifton's Jessie Sturgill
Beaten by Hobart's
Gold Coin.
TOANO FIRST AT 30 TO 1.
Semper' Lex Downed Imp. Star Ruby
and a Good Field in the
Handicap.
J. Talbot Clifton appears to be a poor
matchmaker. He thought his stunted
specimen of a racehorse, Jesse Sturgill,
could bury Walter Hobart's diminutive
Little Alp sprinter, Gold Coin, under tons
of mud, and they met yesterday at Ingle
side in a half-mile dash, each of their
respective owners wagering $200 on the
result. George Miller had the leg up on
Gold Coin, while Sam Doggett piloted the
English sportsman's horse. The Detting
in the ring, which wa« very light, strongly
favored the Hobart end, two to five being
about the best laid against Gold Coin, with
plenty of two to one egainst Jesse. The
race was on the processional order. Gold
Coin broke quickest, and gradually widen
ing the gap, won walking, fifteen lengths
in front of Mr. Clifton's fond hopes. The
latter took his defeat philosophically, and
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Thirty-fourth Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Rainy,
1 Track Muddy. ingleside Track, San Francisco, Monday, January 20, 1896.
I FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs;
Index. Horse, age.weight. St. 14
647 Toano, a 107 j 4 12
374 Hidalgo, 4 108 5 4y,
638 Repeater, 4 93 3 6 2
646 Road Runner, 5.. 107 9 9
502 Rosebud. 4 104 1 3 1
558 |Carniel,6 10817 fth
651 lE. H. Kherley,6..lOB 6 7h
(546) Sligo, 8 107 2 2 h
619 I Montana, a. 112 8 8 2
1 8
62
61
81
3h
V h -
-41
71
13
3V a
23
5 1 '
61/4
9* Va
9
8 1
73
IS
4 1
22
6 3
6Va
3 Va
9
73
1 3
IT 3
4 3
6 1
66
7 2
83
9
Hennessy
Chorn
Hewitt
H. Martin
Donnelly ■
E. Jones
Garner
Bergen
Doggett
Betting.
Op. Cl.
15
4
30
50
•2
8
10
6
8-5
15
9-2
100
100
2
30
60
H
1
Good start. Won easily. Winner, William J. Bloombaugh's b. g., by l,ongfellow-Salara. At post
minutes. Time, 1:34.
BECOND KACE— Six furlongs;
; purse ?400.
dcx. Morse, weight.
611 I Peru 107
628 iPollock 104
644 Heartsease 109
474 Don i'io Pico 110
SHB Myrtle H 107
563 Trappeau 112
653 |lmp. Alien 109
Horse, weight.
6
1
2
7
4
3
5
%
sb.
4h
1 h
3h
2h
6 2
7
M
14
'_' 4
3 4
4 3
7
Str.
16
2 4
3 3
4 3
5 2
6 8
7
IS
9 5
8 6
■1 :>
65
(55
7
U. Martin
Garner
Chorn
Doggett
E. Jones
R. Smith
Hennessy
4
8
32
4
8
6
50
Betting.
)p. Cl.
3
12
7-5
6
10
7
100
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Al Morris's eh. c, by Gano-Carmalita. Time, 1:20.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; allowances; purse $100.
Horse, age, weight.
Str. Fin.
13 13
3 10 2 6
21 3 4
4 | 4
Jockeys.
! Betting.
I Op. Cl
(554) ' Ransom. 4 98
(441) i Foremost, 4 102
647 Kowalslcy, 3 86
6&4 jDungarven, a 106
?.
4
'J
1
28
3 1
a s
1 ii
4
a b
8 8
i 11
4
E. Jones !
Coady
Garrn ■
Gocbran i
8-5
6
4-5
10
2
10
9-10
8
Good start. Won handily. Winner, C. V. Sanders' ah. g.. by Algerine-Ncllio Ransom. Time, l:4BVi-
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and up; handicap; parse f 500.
Horse, age, weight.
V 4 % 3 /4
by, 5 3 3Va
2 1 14 Va iy»
433 2 4 6
1% lh 2 3
63 «4 66
3 1 \\-, S3
7,. 7 7
Betting.
Op. U.
(543) Semper Lex. 6 11'
543 I Imp. star Ruby, 4 ll-
-669 iFepper, 4 10
643 (Logan, a 10
(5.">2) Fred Gardner, 6. 10
631 Installator, 4 10
610 DelNorte, 6 10
1
•
ti
8
6
•1
7
61
2h
61
ay 3
3h
41
a
2
10
2
6
3
11 I
2 2
32 I
46.
5 1 .
6 10
7
IChorn
Bogirett
|McHugh
Garner
Bergen
£. Jones
I Donnelly
11-5
12-5
7
4
15
12
100
Good
1:54.
Won handily.
Miner's cb. h., by Falseuo-I<a Sy^ihide. Time,
ZCiCI FIFTH RACE— Six fifrlongs; «eUlng;
; purse 9400.
Horse, age, weight.
Fin.
Jockeys.
550 George Miller, 6.. 102
(647) Major Cook. 4.... 106
648 Potentate. 6 105
(519) Chartreuse 11, 6.. 98
"548 . Philomena, 4 98
548 Magpie, 4 108
308 ! Handsome, 4 103
4
3
.'»
1
a
7
■
3?
53
41
2h
7
6H/ 2
3 2
42
2 1
63
.-11%
63
»
8 2
54
1 1
6 10
7
la
2h
3 8 I
48
56
6 10
7 ,
j^oauy ..........
Chon
I .T.- Walker.
iCochran
Garner...
H.Webb
Bergen ■.
4
2
2
4
5
100
I 1 6
6
9-5
16-5
5
33-2
600
9
I
Good start. Won handily. Winner, W. H. fctann'elU's b. g. by Loftin-Emma. Time, 1:18. At
minutes.
t\(¥7 81XTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; couditions; allowances; purse $400.
Index.
Horse and weight.
*4 '
V 2
Str. Fin.
2h 1 V ?
lb 2 1 i/ a
4 3 6
3 i/ a 4 2
5 6 2
7 6 10
6 , 7 .
Betting.
Op. Cl.
544 \
646 :
663
608 I
334 j
409 !
631- I
Pearson..... 112
>-*m J,tftke 112
WalterJ 112
Jack Atkins 109
; Kdgemont 107
jVallente 107
Grady..... ........ 112
2
4
0
1
5
7
3
!
41/3
62
3h
1 1
2h
7
62
lh
3 1
4 1
7
B
Chorn
\J. Walker.
B. Doggett
s. Doceett
Coady
H. Martin
Garner
3
K-5
10
5
10
50
8-5
I
Good start.
'inner,
r. Schreiber's b. c., by imp. Great Tom-Drift. Time, 1:193^.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day* Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingleside Track.
In races where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy: m., mile: f., furlong: •■ about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling.
646 Summertime....
616 Belle of Stonewl
639 Claude Hill
495 Oregon Eclipse..
78 Veragußi
552 Artlßt
484 Crawford.
310 MeFarlane
635 Arctic
665 Pecksniff
**405 |St. Albans
I Best
Lbs 'record.
87 1:05
105 '<
87 :56*4 !
107 1:07 V*
95; :56
110;i:26i/ s !
103 1:08 ■
101:1 131/2!
\\l
1103 j
r.f
if
7 Y 3f
l5Va t
!6f
*6« .
i
Dist.
97
....
105 j
109
106
102
101 1
87 1
110
Tk. Owner.
H.. El Primero stable..
.... W.B.Bink
F...1J. G. Brown &C 0...
K^.J. Bobbins.
F.. . I W.OB. Macd'nough
F..|H. T. GriHin
1F... Antrim stable
1F... N. 8. Hall
F... Welcome stable
.... J. M. Butler
.... L. Ezell
Owner.
Fitzjatnes-Springlike
Spendthrift-Miss Nailer
Imp. Deceiver-Useful
Joe Hooker- Lulu Kiggs
Sinfa.x-Partisana
Imp. Darebin-Hirondelle
Apache-Emma lioogfleld
Imp. Mariner-Moonlight
Robson-G reenleaf
lp. Mr. Pickwtek-Henlopen
Falsetto-Crucifix
I
....1
**Old Index.
SECOND
of atolle: maiden two-year-oWs.
I Best
Index. Name. Lbs 'record.
657 Gordon. 105|
True Blue 107
657 Alma Dale 102
L'd Chesterfield 110
Col. Wheeler.. .lllo
557 Red Panther... 1 102
Investigation...! 107
The Sinner 107
:Lindendale..... 107
557 i Bergen 105
Dist,
Lbs Tk.
H.T. Griffin
Laurelwood Farm..
Neil & Coney
Odeii stable . .' .' .' .' ! \ '
Elmwoodatkfarm..
i
Tremont-Blue Bell.
Duke Norfolk-Carmen
Ip.Mldlothlan-L'dy Leinstcr
Pedigree.
Three Cheers-EtU W
Imp. Brutus-Installation
E. Corrigan"'. '.'.'.'.'.'. \
ißlley-Miss Howard
THIRD HACK— Six furlongs:
;: three-year-olda.
Lbs
Best
record.
Dtst.
Name.
Lbs
iCarrle M
483 Minnie II
647 1 Unity
(653)!Ha7.ard
551 j Mt.McGregor II
(634) Pioue
(544);L!zzle H
668 |Don Pio Pico...
105 1:17
106 j 1:02 V*
110 1:13 ]
112 j 1:27 y 2
110 1:01 Va
105 1:12
105 l:l"y 3
110 1:02*4
6f
6f
*6f
5y 3 I
6f
6f
95|Fa.
116 F..
108F..
102 H..
112 F..
101 8..
99: H..
106jF..
S. A. Ford
B. Scbreiber
L. Kzell
J. G. Brown <fe Co. 1
Burns* Waterh'sej
A. 13. Spreckt'lB...,
D. a. Honig !
J. Uobblns I
Panique- Rebecca Rowett
Aretrno-Pauline
imp. Rossington-TTnite
itftrathmore^Zoo Zoo
j Day Star-Miss McGregor
* Flambeau-Imp. Petroleuse
I John Henry-Minnie Payne
jJoe Hooker-Countess Zeiki
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth
I Best
: record .
Lbs Tic
124 P~i
130 P..
130 H..
m H.".
132 F..
Owner.
660 I
560 1
(660) I
. 626
538
580
537 I
560 I
I Three Forks I
I Alexis. !
I Silverado......;'. I
(apt. Spencer..
Zuragozu. ....... |
142 3 :22
145 3:27
1146' 2:033,4
143 ........1
140 ...:....;
1 1461 ........
135 3:02
143 2:49
142
1451
146
*i*/ 2 m
*l%m
1 1-16 m
F. Farrar
Garden City stable
K. Corrigan
McCullough <fe Fleming
Rcy Alfonso stable
S. C. Hildredtb
A. O.Blakely
|J. T. Clifton
I Spokane-Trl fle
i Argyle-Frisa
RiiTherford-Josie C
i ßramble- DRisy Hoey
Ip.Cheviot-BesHooker
ijOngfellow-B. Knight
Warfellow-Lessie P
Grinstead-Joßie C
Cic*ro I
I Col. Weight man;
Ouadaloupe.. ... i
ii/ a "m""
iy 8 m
FIFTH RACE— One mile: selling.
Index. 1
302
6&6 !
628
616
652
649
551
555
562.
655
435
656
540
I Besl
N ame, Lbs ' re cord.
(Monitor 10e!l:16
|Peßca<lor 112 1:22*4
Molließ 99 1:43 Vi
G. B. Morris 107
IkeL 104 1:22*/ a
I Nephew.. 109 1:49
Ashland Eclipse.. 101
Monterey 104 1:18%
Roadßunner 109 1:4134
Amndel 109 1:01
Garcia. 1O8|1:411£
liu.Kullcrtou l.ass 104
W. L. Muuson 106
Name.
•6!
6f
1 m
6Vaf"
1 m
Lbs
91
102
85
•«4
103
F..
11..
Fa.
k.
F..
IF..
If.,
f..
California stable.... limp. Sir Mod red- Vi sal la
D. R. Dickey GattO-ArmPda Howard
J. Robbins. Imp. Mariner-Cautt'nao
P. Dunne Longfellow-Qufen Beluga
Garden City stable. Major Ban-Miss Flush
G. Rose Springbok-The Niece
H. Rowell Logic-Blue stockings
Elkton siable Hidalgo-Glen Ellea
Antrim stable Joe Daniels-Miss Hooker
Laurplwood farm . . ! Duke Norfolk-Elaine
W. S. Hall Wildldle-N ighthawk
Hucblo stable Fall«rton-C*sta\vay
F. Phillipg Springbok-Astoria
Owner.
Pedigree. 1
*6f
1 m
6f
1 m
103;
1041
100 1
96
....
::::!
I
....|
SIXTH RACE— Five ami one-half furlongs; selling.
611
546
646
647
656
(430)
561
600 j
Emma 1) ........
Miss 8055.....;:
Mainstay
Yemen.......... <
Pat Murphy....
Realization
Name.
I Best
I record. Dist. Lbs Tic.
1:15*4:6 t 109JFa7
1:021/4 5 * • 1051 P..
1:13% 6 f IMF..
l;t»a ■5 f , 109 H..
1:18% 6f . . 99'H..
1:07% 5% f ' 107 P..
1-.O&M sVfc * : 109 P..
1:01% 6 f 95 F..
1:08 ■ [6 t •"■ 95 P..
J. P. Woolman
W. R, Griffin
lElkton stable.
B. Schreiber
A. B. Spreekels
California stable....
C.F.Sanders
F. Phillips....
Owner.
Jack Brady-Dolly Varden
Imp. Rossfngton-Vir. Dan
Imp. Mariuer-Que^n Emmi
Alarni-Hira
Imp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie I
Regent-Sadie
Paijlqne-Illui
Imp. Wagner-Mamie Cole
Pedigree.
Sehnitz.
Shield Bearer...
Salisbury 11.....
C.
invited some friends to have a "cold
bottie" with the loser.
The very attractive card drew out a fine
attendance, although Jupiter Pluvius
scowled and frowned on the sport through
out the day, and the racing was excellent,
even though the favorites did fare badly.
One first choice was all that scored. Old
Toano awoke from a Rip Van Winkle nap
and startled the inhabitants by winning
the opening race at odds of 30 to 1, at a dis
tance supposed to be too far for him— seven
furlongs.
The weights were very nicely adjusted
in the mile and a sixteenth handicap, and
a pretty contest resulted. It was the best
betting affair of the day. Imp. Star Ruby
opened favorite in the betting at 8 to 3.
Semper Lex went back from 2^|to l|to 14 to
5, and was then hammered down to an 11
to 5 choict, the imported horse receding to
12 to 5. Logijn was backed from sixes to 4to
1, and after touching 10 to 1 Pepper's odds
were rubbed to 6. Inatallator, Del Norte
and Fred Gardner did not appear to have
much of a following.
With Logan in front and Star Ruby un
der a choking wrap at his side, the pair
led the held to the far turn, where Star
Ruby drew ahead and was tirst into the
stretch, closely followed by Logan, Pepper
and Semper Lex. Coming strong on the
outside the latter* soon had Doggett on
Star Ruby driving, and at the end beat
him out very handily by a length. Pep
per passed Logan, taking third place.
Montana, with Doggett up, was a heavily
plugged 6 to 5 favorite for the opening
seven-furlong run, but ran as though he
had been feasting on Swiss cheese, frank
furters, mince pie and other indegestible
relishes, failing to get within a city block
of the money. Toano, a3O to 1 shot, was
in front all the way and won by three
lengths from Hidago. Repeater, asoto 1
chance, was third.
Had the six-furlong run that followed
been a quarter dash the 7 to 5 favorite,
Heartsease, could have been credited witn
a remarkably good showing. Peru, the
second choice, won romping by eight
lengths, with the favorite four lengths be
hind the 12 to 1 shot, Pollock.
Kowalsky was a 4 to 5 favorite for the
mile dash, but after racing out in front to
the stretch with the second choice. Ran
som, began tiring badly. The latter horse
then assumed the lead and won easily by
two lengths from Foremost, with tne fa
vorite third.
-B. C. Holly's Major Cook was made a
2 to 1 favorite for the fifth race, over six
furlongs, but the best he could do was
to finish second to theG to 1 chance, George
Miller. Philomena showed in front to the
stretch, where Miller Dassed her and won
by a length and a half?
The last race ended in another dump.
Grady had lirst call in the opening bet
ting, but gave way to Sam Leake, who
went to the post 7to 5. In a hard drive
Chorn on Pearson outtinished J. Walker
on the favorite and won by half a length.
Track and Paddock Items.
Frank Miner, the well-known penciler
and shrewd judge of horses, backed
Semper Lex.
Will Wallace and Hughey Jones caught
the "inside tip" and backed Pepwr for the
handicap.
Ed. Purser took a chance on the long
priced outsider, Carinel, in the opening race.
"Mike" Hennessy, who rode Toano, is
said to have made a big "killing" over the
horse's win, rumor having it that be bet
$350 on his mount. The old sprinter, who
was entered to be sold for $200, received a
"boost" of $300. It was a nicely en
gineered dcai, but it is to be hoped the
aged racer will perform more consistently
in future.
Bookmaker Frank Eckert fought shy of
Pepper money. He refused one bet with
the remark, "I'm playing him myself."
Montana made such an awful" showing
in the opening race that the judges found
themselves in duty bound to investigate
the race. They now have the matter
under consideration, and, pending further
inquiry, no more entries will be received
from Owner Woolman. Mr. Woolman
produced tickets showing that he backed
his own horse.
TWO LADIES INSULTED
H. Skirm and Phillip Waitz, En
larged Photograph Agents,
Arrested.
Charged With Disturbing the Peace,
but It May Develop Into a More
Serious Charge.
H. Skirm and Phillip W r aitz, both young
men, are agents for a firm on Howard
street, who take orders for enlarging and
framing photographs.
Yesterday afternoon they called at the
residence of Mrs. J. \V. Coffey, 2820 Six
teenth street. They rang the doorbell and
Annie Williams, a handsome young lady,
opened the door. Waitz walked past her
into the parlor and Skirm stood at the
door.
Miss Williams followed Waitz into the
parlor, and showing her an enlarged pho
tograph in a frame, he asked her if she
would not like one of her photographs
done in the same way. She politely re
plic! in the negative, and Waitz urged her
to change her decision. He, so Miss Wil
liams told the police afterward, while urg
ing her insulted her, and she threatened
to summon her brother-in-law unless he at
once left the house.
While Waitz was in the parlor talking to
Miss Williams, Mrs. Coffey and her two
little children, who had been out for a
walk, arrived at the house. She was ac
costed by Skirni, who asked her to have
her photograph enlarged and framed.
Like Miss Williams, she declined and then
Skirm used language to her that so anger
ed her that she ordered him away from the
house, threatening to call for assistance
unless he left promptly.
As it was becoming too uncomfortable
for the two picture agents they left the
house. Miss Williams told her brother-in
law what had happened, and he hurried to
the Seventeenth-street station and in
formed Lieutenant Burke. The lieutenant
summoned the patrol wagon and, accom
panied by Policeman Feeney, drove to
Sixteenth street. They found" Waitz and
Bkirm near Howard street, and placed
them under arrest on the charge of dis
turbing the peace.
Skirm was very indignant at being ar
rested. He told the lieutenant that his
father was an ex-Superior Judge at Santa
Cruz and ho would bring him here to
defend him. They were taken to the City
Prison last evening and shortly afterward
were released on their own recognizance
by Judge Conlan.
Captain Gillen will attend to the case
this morning, and will see if a more seri
ous charge cannot be made against Waitz
and SKirm. It is only a short time ago
that a picture-frame agent, when he found
that a lady was alone in her house on
Valencia street, near Fourteenth, at
tempted violence, and her screams for help
compelled him to take refuge in flight.
Boulder's Wild Man.
SANTA CRUZ., Cal., Jan. 20.—Constan
tino Morton, who was captured at his
burning house at Boulder and brought to
Santa Cruz last Friday, was taken from
the jail yesterday by a friend, who de
clared the old man was sane; but to-day
it was found necessary to take him back
again. Upon examination before Judge
Logan of the Superior Court he was found
to be insane, with homicidal tendencies,
and was accordingly committed to Ag
news.
San Mate.o Fatality.
SAN MATEO, Cal., Jan. 20.— Pedro
Gavencia, a familiar character of this place
for the last twenty years, was run over
and killed by a train just outside of the
city limits about noon to-day.
NEW TO-DAY.
Tumblers
Tumble
For 3 Days!
On Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday ONLY our fine, thin
$1.75 Water Glasses go at $1
PER DOZ EN. Exquisitely etched
in a beautiful design. See them
in the window. And don't for-
get — Wednesday night ends it.
Watch for our special sales
every week. There's sure to be
a splendid bargain in something
you want.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's.
WANQENHEIM, STERNHEIfI & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY
itvwA- _. ;^^ w^^__KEW TO-PAY— DRT GOODS. _'^__^ wwin^ n _ n^ r>t
CLOSING
SALE of
MILLINERY!
In order to effect a speedy clearance of all Millinery
now in stock we have taken our
Trimmed Hats
Irrespective of former prices and divided them into
six lots. Each lot comprises hats that were marked
double, triple and quadruple the sale price.
WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE THEM.
COME AND SEE FOR YOURSELF.
Lot One. I Every Trimmed Hat we had in stock that was sold formerly
<£ I OK F^nz-f-i i up to $4 and $5 each. The lot includes both Ladies' and
4>l.Vt> naCn-( Children's Hats.
Lot T-^^ro. ( Every Trimmed Hat, Bonnet and Toque In stock that sold f0r-
52.50 Each merlyVtos6apiece -
Xiot Tliree f Every Trimmed Hat, Bonnet and Toque in stock that sold f0r-
53.95 Each \ merly up t0 $7 M apiece -
Lot Pour. ( Every Trimmed Hat, Bonnet and Toque in stock that sold for-
QsA O*% Pflfh ■( merly up to $10 apiece. In this lot will De found some beautl-
4't' •>'«■' B-idL-Il ( ful things for street and eveninjr wear. .'••{•
Lot 3j"±"*7'©. ( Every Trimmed Hat, Bonnet and Toque in stock that sold up
*!i/^ O^ f-*nr t Vt Ito $15 apiece. In thii lot are some of the best creations and
•Pvl.VO Cdwll ( copies of imported French, models.
Lot Size. [ All our choice Imported Pattern Hats that were marked dur-
C I 0.50 Cor 1 •< ing the season at $25 and $30; also all our finest creations and
4) I £ CaLll ( dainty pieces for carriage,' calling and theater wear.
At 25c and 50c Each { Ail our Untrimmed American FeltH * -
At 100 pArh $ All our Untrimmed French Felt Hats.
' j£jgf&sC)G. .TRIAL^ gETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants. '
j|^^^S?v^^»!^^^^^w< prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, 50c
f fi'iK^S^C'^^w*^^ 41 B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c ArJV
cJiWiß\^S^i&S^^^V- • C— lo rrize-winning Chrysanthemums, jo sorts 50c -_
D— s superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 SetS
fSwi^r^Sl^S^^mS^l K ~ 5 Gr and la-Re-fiowered Geraniums, 5 kinds_soc FOR
fSQC. .TRIAL SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants. •
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A — 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, 50c
B — lo Lovely Carnation*, 10 sorts 30c AnY
C — lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c *
I) — 5 Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
E— s Grand large-floweTed Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc - OB
O— lo Elegant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c n« qk
Nfi^ril^pSMWv J|*-(1Ij»^K— 10 Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, I Heliotrope, 5» I '— P
W '«^s-^ 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or.
Wmrv r Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, I Hydran- 5 Sets
gea, 1 Chrysanthemum 50c
yis2e&2~. ''(ftii;.!.* ni«n»A m 3 plants New Calif. Violet, ~Z?\**
ud^^^^S^ 12 V 081 Plants, DOC. *^^* T Sawnley $2^oo
/^^^^M^^^k. White, 3 Marie Louise.
l^^i^P^^S^ CptiH fof ftlir Illustrated Catalogue. It contains a
rSClia IUI UUI complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
<l^J^'%*^"Mft^^^ ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
q^^aß^^ Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
1 1 ■"""■■' Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vege>
table seeds. cox SEED and PLANT CO., San Francisco©
411, 413 Sansome Street
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings Gonnty Bonds.
VfOTICE IS HEREBY OIVEN THAT SEALED
Xi proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o"ciock m. of the 7th day of February,
IH9B, for the purchase of thirty-two (32 1 * Kings
County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both Inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand (S10O0) dollars
each, and payable on the first day ol January,
1906, or at any time before that date, at the
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the Vnited
.States, with interest thereon a: the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually,on the
first day of January an.-l 00 the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and InterMl payable at theoffice
of the County Treasure/ of said Kinga County.
Said bonds having been issusd in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of Super-
v,-(, is of Kings County dated December 3, 1896,
and January t>, 189b, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and in
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
State of California, erititled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment," approved March a 4, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than face
vnlue and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of supervisors, anrt the right is. hereby ex-
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. "Proposals for tho purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W. H. BLAVIN.
County Treasurer.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 T'olsoiu Street, and 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Bealo.
I have on hand a large quantity of 8. F. Gas-
light Co.'s and Paeifiie Gas Improvement Co.'s
Coke, which I am selling at a very low rate. This
Coke is suitable tor Crates, Furnaces, Laundr\- and
Family use.
lam also a direct importer of the best English
and Belgian brands of Patent Coke, which i am
ottering at reduced rates to Foundries, Breweries,
Mining Companies and the trade in lots from 1
ton to 1000 tons.
Country orders solicited. City orders delivered
wit li prompt ness.
Will guarantee satisfaction, as I know what
will suit from an experience of 25 years in the
business.
_^ Office 813 Folsom Street*
RIGGS HOUSIT
"V\/ asliixistoii, 3D. O.
The Hotel "Par Excellence"
Of the Ratios*! Capital, f ir»t> class in all appoint-
menu. G, DsWITT. Treaa,
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
Agents for
BARGAINS IN BOOKS!
300 Titles Paper-covered Books, regular 25c
and 60c editions jni
50 Standard Titles, cloth bound, 16tn0........ V.'10i
F. Marion Crawford's Books, cloth b0und...... 8i«
Illustrated Countries of the World— England.'
Germany, Scotland, Ireland, India Pales-
tine— sire 9xl'2, cloth bound . 751
Dore Bible UalWy, Dante's Inferno! I) ante'*
Paradise Lost, size 9x12, cloth bound 75,
Our general nnd Juvenile Book stock is com
plete. All the latent publications at 10 per ceni
discount irom publishers' price.
5000 Titles Sheet Music - - 5c"THREE TIMES AND
OUT" FOR BROWN
This Is the Opinion That Is
Expressed by Rev. Dr.
Williams.
MUST APPEAR NEXT TIME
The Reverend Gentleman Al
lowed a Week to Prepare
His Statement.
DEACON DEXTER'S FLAT DENIAL
The Plymouth Pastor Says the Trial
Will Positively Begin Next
Monday Night.
There was another quiet meeting
last night of the joint committee hav
ing in hand the investigation of the
charges preferred against Dr. C. O. Brown.
The meeting; was held at Plymouth
Church on the invitation of Dr. Williams.
Those present were Dr. Mooar, Dr. McLean
and Dr. Williams of the Bay Association i
Committee; Deacons Dexter, Vasconcellos,
Hatch, Dewing and Barnard, and Messrs.
Folgers and Westgate of the standing: com
mittee of ttic First Congregational Church.
Dr. McLean acted as chairman and
Deacon Barnard as secretary, in accord
ance with the organization effected at the
meeting of last Friday night.
The hour set for the meeting was 7:30
F. m., and it was not many minutes be
yond that hour when all those named
above were in attendance. It was 10
o'clock when the conference canifi to an
end. The result of what had been ac
complished in the intervening two and a
half hours is given in the following
official report to the press representatives
by Secretary Barnard :
The second meeting of the joint committee
in the case of Pr. Brown was held at Plymouth
Church last eveninc. Deacon Dexter reported
that Dr. Brown uss still unable to meet with
the committee, and the time was spent in a
peneral discussion of the i-ituatiou, as owing
t" the doctor's absence no business of im
portance could be transacted. The committee
pn.-seii t hi' following resolution by a unani
mous vote:
F.'toh-rrt, That our committee deeply regret the
protracted illness of Key. C. O. Brown, D.D., and
g o extend to him our sincere sympathy and
m erf i it prayers for his speedy and com
plete recovery.
The meeting adjourned to Monday evening,
January U7, at 7:30 o'clock, at "Plymouth
Church.
As will be gathered from the foregoing
report Dr. Brown was not present.
Dea:on Dexter had seen him just before
coming to the meeting and reported that
Dr. Brown stated he felt considerably im
proved.
In view of the fact that the committee is
now organizer, great care wag exercised to
avoid any waste of time indulging in any
unnecessary delay by • 'informal" discus
sion, all proceedings, aside from the adop
tion of the resolution of sympathy for Dr.
Brown in his iiJness, being considered
strictly in the nature of a "general" (jj s .
cussion.
So desirous was the committee of main- ;
taming secrecy regarding its doings that I
it took special precautions to keep the
time and place of meeting from the news
paper reports, and the measure of their
success was shown by the presence at the ,
church of the usual number of press repre- i
sentatives within a few minutes after the l
meeting began its general discussion.
Dr. Brown's absence, as indicated in the
prepared report, prevented the investiga
tion proper being taken up, but many
matters incident to the subject were
talked of to some purpose.
The trend of the expressions was to j
learn the general feeling of the individual
members of the committee, each member,
however, being careful not to commit him
self to any particular policy or plan of
action. So extremely cautious were they
in this regard that it was only afler some
very clever verbal fencing that sentiment
could bft sufficiently crystallized to secure
th« adoption of the morion to give the
resolution of sympathy to tne press i
for publication. After the advisabil- |
ity of adopting the resolution had
been discussed for some time Dr.
Williams was requested to read it again to
the committee, and it was then adopted.
Then came the motion to give it to the
[>ress. Dr. McLean stated that the adop
tion of the resolution would appear to the
public as an indorsement of the claim
made by Dr. Brown that he was too ill to
be present. This brought Dr. Williams to
his feet, and in a quiet and reproacnful
tone he asked whether that reso- i
lution was not adopted in all
sincerity, and whether it was not
tne true belief of every man present that
Dr. Brown was too ill to make his state
ment to the committee. He added that
he felt sure this was the belief of ali who
had voted for it, and that that being so
there should be no hesitancy in giving to
the public their expression of sympathy
for Dr. Brown, and at the same time infer
entiaily indicating that they had faith in !
his representation that he was too ill to be
investigated.
Then Dr. McLean, who apparently still
felt somewhat diffident of making public
the committee's confidence in Dr. Browns i
assertions regarding his health, asked what
course woula be adopted in case none of
the press representatives were about when !
the meeting adjourned.
"I know," he continued, "that the place i
and time of holding this meeting were not j
to be divulged to the press, and what are i
we to do should they not be here?"
This precipitated another debate on the
advisability of keeping the locality and j
date of future meetings a secret, and it !
was finally resolved to talce the press and i
the public into the confidence of the joint
committee to the extent of letting them
know when and where testimony regard- i
ing the charges against Brown would be
heard.
During the meeting there was at one I
time danger of a dispute between two of '
the members. The point under discussion !
was what would be the course of action at
the meeting next week in case Dr. Brown i
should still be unable to be present. It j
was the desire of a few to give Dr. Brown
all the time he desired in making his ap- '
pearance before the committee, but one \
member asserted that he had no desire to j
persecute Dr. Brown, but thought it would !
not be doing the accused any injustice to j
go on with the investigation proper at the
next meeting of the committee.
No formal vote was taken on the propo
sition, but the position of the committee;
was indicated by Dr. Williams in an inter
view after the session.
Dr. Williams was asked the direct ques- j
tion: "Should Dr. Brown fail to appear at
the meeting next week, will the committee
adjourn without taking up the matter of
the charges against him?
To this he replied: "I can state that we
hare not decided upon any definite line of
action, and before we do anything in the
way of taking testimony we "would like to
have Dr. Brown's statement. We would
then know better on what lines and in
what direction to follow up the matter.
1 ou know it's three times and out."
In view of the fact that Dr. Brown has
already failed twice to make his statement
to the committee, this remark can only be
interpreted in one way— if Dr. Brown does j
not come before the committee next Fri
day, prepared to be examined, the in- ,
vestigation will not be lonizer delayed, i
Dr. Williams was asked whether ' his
remark was not to be construed ill this
way and his answer was: "I wouldn't
state it in that way. It would be unkind
to Dr. Brown, for we believe that if he is I
able he will De present next week."
In a further conversation, Dr. Williams
stated that .the strict secrecy which was
being maintained regarding the proceed
ings of the committee was not the result
or any mutual pledge or vote taken by the
committee, but was due t" the individual
desire of the members to refrain from
even appearing to prejudice the case of
Dr. Brown.
This matter also was part of the general
discussion during the meeting, and
broucht forth the complaint from one of
the members that ever since he had been
appointed on the committee he was beset
day and night by the newspaper reporters.
It is not improbable that at the next meet
ing a vote will be forced, with the idea of
holding the sessions with open doors.
Dr. Williams, like Dr. Pond, is of the
opinion that tiie conviction or acquittal of
Mrs. Davidson on the charge of 'extortion
is a matter of altogether minor importance
compared with ascertaining the truth or
falsity of the charges made against
the pastor of a Congregational church.
He did not believe that there should be
any delay on the part of the committee in
hearing testimony in the Brown case
owing to the bearing it might have on the
Davidson case, nor "did he consider there
was any need of secrecy on the part of the
committee, so far as any effect the pro
ceedings might have on the Davidson case. ]
He added: "Wo are not concerned in |
any way with Mrs. Davidson and have no j
interest in the outcome of the case against
her, nor in whether she is sent to the peni
tentiary or not. lam speaking of the
committee as a body. We are not trying
the charge of extortion."
Dr. Williams, when asked if the letters
| now known as the Overman letters were
! to be taken up as part of the investigation !
i of Dr. Brown, end' avored to avoid giving j
a direct reply, but finally made the state
j ment that they were to form an import
| ant part of the examination.
Deacon Dexter was asked regarding the
report that he had been appointed a com
mittee of one to endeavor to have the j
Davidson case advanced on the calen- ;
dar so as to nave it out ;
of the way before the investigation
of Dr. Brown was begun, but he denied ''■
that he was acting in that matter, and his :
statement is borne out by the evident de- j
termination of the committee to go on !
with the matter on Friday next, irrespect- !
ive of anything that may or may not ;
transpire. *
Dr. W. C. Pond was aeain absent from ;
the meeting, duty having called him to '
Santa Cruz. He has not sent his resigna
tion to the committee, nor has the com- ;
mittee been formally notified of his inten
tion not to serve.
The members of the First Congrega
tional Church have not yet decided what
action they will take concerning
the pending investigation into the
alleged conduct of Dr. Brown.
The report that a petition had been pre
pared and signed by half the congregation,
requesting that Dr. Brown take a vaca
tion, is said to be without foundation. It
is contended, however, by those who
claim to be in a position to know that
such a sentiment exists.
Dr. Pond declares that he is not in sym
pathy with the secrecy so far exercised by
j the investigating committee, and it is
! given out that unless a differ
ent method is pursued he will
i decline to serve. Rev. Mr. W ikoff
1 is not likely to appear prominently in the
investigation, so that of the original Bay
Association committee only Dr. Williams
remains. Dr. McLean and Dr. Mooar,
prominent members of the association and
Bay Conference, have been added to the
committee at the request of Dr. Brown.
The action of Dr. Brown in continuing
to shield Miss Overman is creating much
adverse criticism. Mrs. Gunn, a member
of the standing committee, but who has
declined to serve in the present case, says
that Miss Overman is a woman much "to
be pitied.
"Between the enemies of Mrs. Davidson
and Dr. Brown," she said, ''the very life
is being crushed out. of this yountr woman.
Whether she is guilty or not, the real bu rden
of this unfortunate affair must fall on her.
Concerning Dr. Brown's position, I have
nothing to say. I have always I. eld him
in very high esteem, and am very loth to
believo him guilty of any actual wrong
doing. The committee, I trust, will get at
the bottom of the affair and until then I
would not like to give an opinion for the
public."
HIS PLEA FOR ARREST
Thomas Kelly, in Want of Food,
Breaks a Window in
Chinatown.
He Claims That Absolute Destitution
Drove Him to the Resort
of Prison Fare.
Penniless, hungry and discouraged,
without prospects of obtaining a posi
tion or money with which to supply his
wants, Thomas Kelly, a spring-maker just
out of his teens, deliberately threw a stone
through a window of a Chinese merchan
dise store at 616 Dupont street yesterday
morning in order to get himself arrested.
His effort was not without avail, for in a
few moments a blue-coated policeman
made his appearance on the scene, and
after considerable difficulty succeeded in
quieting the frightened, jabbering Chi
nese and then placed the offender under
arrfst.
When taken to the California -street
police station Kelly told Station-keeper
Burke that seven months ago he came
from Philadelphia and had" ever since
been unable to find work of any kind, and
that he was literally starving to death.
He therefore determined to break a win
dow in the hope that he might be arrested
and find food and Jod^nfg in jail. He said
that he had not tasted food since last Sat
urday and that in consequence he was so
ill that he could hardly stand.
Officer Burke, who has been station
keeper fcr many months, and during that
period has listened to many pitiful stories
of destitution, concluded that ihe man
was telling the truth, and ordered a good
breakfast from a restaurant for him, which
gratified at least one of the many wants of
the unfortunate springmaker.
Buried Silverware.
Workmen employed in the grading of
Mayor Sutro's property, at the head of
Stanyan street, discovered a sack buried in
the sand yesterday morning. It contained
a lot of silverware, consisting of knives,
forks, spoons and other articles to the
value of about $100.
The sack, with its contents, was turned
over to Policeman Harry Moran and he
took it to police headquarters. Three
spoon s are marked "C. W.," three others
Jk, w  '" one " M -" and another
Thaletta ; a napkin-ring "G. T. A.," an
other "K. C. O. ; water-pitcher and bowl
"B," and goblet "Nov. 15, 1891."
The police believe that the silverware
was buried by thieves till a fitting oppor
tunity arose to dispose of it. Asearch
was made of the reports of recen thefts
and burglaries, but none of the artcles in
the sack appeared to be included in them.
A search of the reports was continued
last night by Sergeant Colby, and he dis
covered that the silverware was the pro
ceeds of two burglaries in December, 1892
On December 7 the residence of Mrs.
Barnes, 273 Tremont street, was entered,
and on December 31 the residence of John
H. Addricks, 620 Willard street. Both
were entered in the afternoon. Toe prob
ability is that the burglars were arrested
tor some other crime and are now serving
their lime in San Quentin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
HE CUT A WIDE SWATH
Proposition to Count de Toulouse
to Become a Son-in-
Law.
THE IADY PRETTY AND RICH.
Some Charming Affairs Arranged for
Him at the Palace— lnvited '
to Clubs. .
Nothing has been heard of the alleged
Count de Toulouse Loutrec, wi o Is 3aid to
be Nicholas Savin, the pretender to the
Bulgarian throne and all-around confi
dence man, since he ieft for St. Louis.
The Count cut quite a swath here,
though he remained but something over a
week. He managed in this brief time to
make several acquaintances among the la
dies. Among them was a society beauty
residing at the Palace. The latter intro
duced him to several other ladies, and the
dinners which followed were agreed on all
sides to have been very charming affairs.
One of these dinners was at Deimonicos.
Wine was not absent, and there was a feast
of reason and flow of soul which made the
occasion memorable.
Of course the ladies who at different
times beamed their loveliest in the pres
ence of tbe noble Russian did not dream
that it was possible he could be the notor
ious Savin and have served a term of im
prisonment in inhospitable Siberia.
The Count was in a fair way to make
many conquests while here. He had not
been in the City many days till among
several letters he received one in this vein
under a San Francisco date:
My Dtar Count: I have noted your arrival in
the City and bet to wish you a pleasant stay
while here. I would like to add, also, that I
would be pleased il I could meet you. I may
tell you that 1 am wealthy and that I have a.
daughter who is very beautiful, and to whom
I would like to introduce you.
The managing mamma, who was evi
dently laying her plans for the ensnaring
of one who she believed was a sure
enough count with blue blood in his veins
and making of him a son-in-law, added
more in the same tenor. The Count got
other letters, some of them indited in
French. He showed a number of them,
expatiating pleasantly on them and pour
ing forth eulogies on the beauty of the
senders.
Members of the Pacific Union and Bohe
mian clubs sent invitations to the Count to
come and make himself at home there.
The Count's time was too much taken up
with tiie ladies, however, and he did not
accept the invitations.
The members of both clubs have since
been shaking hands with themselves that
he did not.
The lady at the Palace, who arranged
several charming affairs for the advenuir
ous Count, presented the valorous noble
man with her photograph. He bore it away
with him on his St. Louis trip, when he
departed with B. A. Aldrich on business
in connection with his great Siberian rail
way concessions.
The lady now denies with extraordinary
vehemence that she knows anythincr about
the man, who instead of a Count is said to
be Savin, whose trial and deportation in
Russia created such a sensation around
the world. The other ladies also who met
the alleged Count are maintaining ereat
silence on the subject.
A. Ribas, who translated the Count's
Russian documents, purporting to be im
portant concessions, said yesterday that
he took no stock in the Count. His con
cession, whatever there was of it, came
from one Golitski.
JORDAN AS PRESIDENT.
First Meeting of the Academy of
Sciences Under the New
Regime.
The Distinguished Professor Promises
Some Instructive and Popu
lar Lectures.
At the stated meeting of the California
Academy of Sciences held last evening Dr.
Harkness introduced Professor Starr Jor
dan, his successor as president of the
academy. The introduction was brief, and
before taking his seat Professor Jordan, in
a few words, acknowledged the courtesy,
and routine business was transacted. Pro
fessor Leverett M. Loonns, curator of the
department of ornithology, delivered a
carefully prepared lecture on "Alexander
Wilson, the poet-naturalist, the father of
American ornithology."
The lecturer dwelt upon the early life of
Wilson, when he developed a talent at tne
time he was in Paisley, and was going
from place to place with a pack on his
back, and told about the difficulties he en
countered when he made up his mind to
publish a volume of his poems. Not hav
ing the means to enable him to do so he
went from house to house soliciting sub
scriptions for the book. But he did not
meet with the success he anticipated, as
the people of his time did not encourage a
man with a pack.
After three years he gave up the effort,
but in the meantime he had made a study
of human nature, which served him in
writing his satirical poems. Tiring of the
life of a packman, he returned to Paisley
and resumed his early vocation of weaver.
It was then that he published the poem,
"The Long Dispute " which at that time
did not receive the recognition it has
since attained. There he formed the ac
quaintance of Burns, the poet, but their
acquaintance did not last on account of
the dissimilarity of their natures. He
then made up his mind to try his fortune
in the New World, and in order to gather
together sufficient to secure a deck passage
he lived on what a shilling a week could
secure for him. Before leaving, he called
on every one he had satirized and asked
forgiveness for anything he might have
written to wouno their feelings.
The lecturer then gave an account of the
poet- naturalist's struggles in the New
World as a weaver, packman, teacher and
surveyor and then devoted himself to his
work in natural science. He told of the
great difficulties Wilson met in learn
ing all about the birds of America and pre
paring his book in eight volumes, for
which he charged the then high price of
$120. This was in 1810. He told of Wilson's
travels and hardships in the wild country
m search for material, and then spoke of
the wonderful work, which he said was
not slovenly, but clear in language and
description, and said no other work on
ornithology occupies the place this does.
It is as clear a work to-day as it was ninety
years ago and is as changeless as the hills.
The audience at the close of the lecture
showed its appreciation by loud applause.
After the meeting Jfrofessor Jordan
spoke to a Call reporter about the plans
of the academy for the future. "Let me
say," he said, "that there will not be any
change of the curators, as they are all
capable in their respective lines. There
will not be any dismissals and there may
be an addition to the force, but that
depends upon the condition of the funds.
"It is the intention to make the academy
leoture-room an attractive place, to give in
teresting lectures on many topics and make
them popular. These will be given by
college professors, and some of them will
be on California subjects. The effort will
be to have them delivered so that every
one will understand tnem and to have
them free from technical language.
"It is probable that subjects will be
chosen with a view to entertain and in
terest young minds, and on such occasions
pupils of the high schools will be invited.
In short, all will be done that can be done
to awaken in the people an interest in the
academy and science.
"The lecture to-night was one that mer
ited a much lareer audience. It is to be
hoped that the course of lectures which
will be given in the future will attract large
audiences. The next has not yet been
chosen, but it will probably be given by
Professor Le Conte."
TRULY IS MISSING.
A Continuance Marks the first Day of
the Shattuck Trial.
The second trial of Mrs. Jane Shattuck
for the murder of Harry Poole opened be
fore Judge Belcher yesterday. There were
two jurors secured — A. W. Coles and N. V.
Whitmore — and then the trial was con
tinued until Thursday. Twenty-two jurors
were examined.
The reasons for this continuance were
that there were no more jurors and Truly
Shattuck could not be found. Truly had
been subpenaed by both sides as a witness
in the case, but the subpenas could not be
served. Three attachments were iesued
for her, and these have brought no infor
mation of her whereabouts. She was sing
ing in a music-hall in this City, but sue
left last Saturday, and no one seems to
know where she is.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Chinese Arrested for Dumping
Rotten Potatoes in
the Bay.
Captain Farren of the Drumlaurig Is
the Happy Father of a
Native Son.
Three Chinese were arrested by Ser
geant Hayes of the State police yesterday
and charged at the Harbor police station
with dumping rubbish in the bay. Ever
since the Commissioners have refused to
rebate the bills of the brokers the latter
have had Chinese on Jackson-street wharf
picking over the potatoes and resacking
them. The good ones were sold to ped
dlers and the bad ones were dumped over
board. Hayes saw the Chinese at work
and placed them under arrest.
Just how the matter will be settled is
hard to s" i , but President Colnon seems
to think that the State has not a very
good case. The law says that nothing
that will "sink and form an obstruction to
navigation" shall be dumped into the bay.
Now, a potato will sink, but it will also
rot and eventually form part of the slime
and mud. In the circumstances President
Colnon does not think a potato is an ob
struction to navigation. The Chinese will
be tried, however, and the courts will
have to decide the question.
The construction of the new ferry depot
will come up at the usual meeting of the
Harbor Commissioners again this after
noon. An attempt is being made to get
Governor Budd and the other State offi
cials to approve the plans and then the
work will go on at once. If this cannot be
done a test case will at once be taken to
the Supreme Court. Acting Attorney P.
S. Stratton is of the opinion that the mat
ter should be settled at once, and the
surest way to his mind is to have an opin
ion from the Supreme Court of the State.
Captain Farren of the British ship
Drumlaurig, is the proudest and happiest
man on the water front. Last Saturday
his wife gave birth to a bouncing baby
boy, and now the parents are casting
about for a name with which to christen
him. Everybody calls tbe little chap a
Native Son of the Golden West, but his
father is loyal to his flag, and says that
while his son was born in California, he
was also born on an English ship and
therefore on British soil. The Drumlaurig
is lying at Union-street wharf, but the
jovial captain says he has now got to get
out of bed more frequently to take an ob
servation (walk around with the baby)
than when he was rounding Cape Horn."
The Pacific Mail Company's steamers
City of Sydney and City of Panama left
their docks yesterday for Panama, but
did not go to sea. The bar was breaking
badly, and the former went as far as Black
Point, while the latter anchored in Mis
sion Bay. The Panama had no passen
gers, but had two lighters in tow, which
are to be used in Central America during
the coffee season in carrying cargoes to
and from tbe steamers. The Sydney has
forty-five cabin and forty steerage passen
gers on board, and will stop at way ports.
The Panama has a great deal of New York
freight and will go almost direct to Pa
nama.
The rough weather and a breaking bar
have kept a great number of vessels in
port. Among them are the British ships
Glenfinart, *alls of Clyde, Osborne and
Laureston. They are all wheat laden, and
have been ready to sail since last Friday.
The chances are that they will get away on
to-day's tide, as the storm seems to be dy
ing out.
The following notice has betn issued by
the office of the Coast and Goedetic Sur-
vey :
San Francisco Bay— Redwood Creek en
trance—Day beacon replaced: Redwood
Creek beacon, red. No. 6, has been re-estab
lished, and is shown on the charts on the
bearings: Redwood Creek beacon No. 4.
WNW., % W., distant 13-20 mile; Marsh
Point, S. by E., % E.
EXPELLED FROM THE UNION.
Four Carpenters Driven Out In Disgrace
for Violating the Rules.
Several months ago the Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of this City
adopted a set of rules and regulations to
govern their unions. Anon? these rules
is one thateighL hours shall constitute a
day's work, and all overtime must be paid
for at the raie of time and a half. These
regulations worked all right and every
man was faithful to his obligation until
recently when a report was made to the
District Council that four men were work
ing nine hours and not receiving extra
pay tor overtime.
These men are: C. D. Farmer, M. P.
Van Horn, C. Dalgleah and L. D. Brown.
The men were called for trial and the coun
cil adjudged them guilty and so reported to
union 483 of which the accused were mem
bers.
The union at once fined the carpenters
$5 each. The tines were not paid, and
a second complaint was filed against the
men. A second trial resulted in a second
conviction, and last evening at the meet
ing of union 483 Farmer, Van Horn, Bul
giest! and Brown were expelled from the
union and their names were stricken from
the roll.
The union had a second motive in taking
this summary action with the offenders.
The job they were engaged on was the
construction of a stable for a contractor
named Smith, on Sixth street, near Bry
ant. The union learned that several con
tractors bid for the contract, and their es
timates provided for an eight-hour-a-day
job. Smith got the contract by figuiing
upon nine hours. The union is deter
mined to stand by all contractors who up
hold union rules in their estimates on
work.
The men who were expelled will not
hereafter be able to work on any job with
union men because they have forfeited all
the rights and protection that go with
the working-card system, wbich a major
ity of the "responsible contractors in the
City have indorsed.
De Witt Cunningham, a colored youth
of Massilkm, Ohio, has won a wager by
eating a pie in twenty seconds. He is
prepared to eat pin against all corners.
AS TO AMATEUR ATHLETES
The Investigating Committee
Will Pass Judgment This
Evening.
BOXERS ARE ON THE BACK.
A New Track May Be Constructed.
George D. Baird Returns From
the East.
The committee appointed by the Pacific
Athletic Association, consisting of John
Elliott of the Olympic Club, W. F. Hum
phrey, president of the Pacific Athletic
Association, W. A. Berry of the Reliance
Athletic Club, and J. A. Janeut of St.
Mary's College, will meet again this even
ing at the Olympic Club to hear what the
thirty-two athletes who have been accused
of professionalism will say in reply to the
question why they should not be expelled
from the amateur ranks.
The men who have been cited to appear
before the investigating committee are,
with few exceptions, members of the
Olympic, Acme, Reliance and San Fran
cisco athletic clubs.
Manager Long of the University of Cali
fornia football team has been asked by the
committee to attend the meeting and im
part any information he may be the pos
sessor of regarding the conduct of the
athletic club teams during the past year
or so.
John Elliott, who is the stanch sup
porter of true amateur sport On this coast
and who has been instrumental in a great
measure in bringing about the present in
vestigation, said yesterday that, owing to
the disregard manifested by amateurs in
the past year for rules under which the
clubs of the association are governed,
something emphatic had to be done to
stem the advancing tide of professionalism
which was flooding the clubs of tins coast
and causing Eastern writers to overhaul in
their articles on amateur sports the West
ern clubs which were transgressing the
laws of amateur athletics.
"The members of amateur clubs that are
annexed to the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion must be taught a sharp lesson," said
Mr. Elliott, "otherwise we might just as
well disband and allow those athletes who
take part in boxing matches and baseball
games witt) the sole object of turning
their prizes into money by the sale of the
same to have their swing.
"Yes, this quasi amateur business must
be stopped. The athletes who are repre
sentatives of the clubs that compose the
Pacific Association must either ot»ey the
rules or suffer expulsion, and it is with
this object in viev,- an investigating com
mittee was aDpointed, and it was none
too soon, either, as affairs athletic were
getting tanpled up in a horrible shape.
■'The committee will, however, en
deavor as best it can to straighten matters
out on Tuesday evening and have it so
understood by all concerned that in future
any member who is known to transgress
the amateur rules will be immediatc-ly ex
pelled from the association. No further
excubes will be accepted.
"The rules are very plain indeed, and
are well understood by many of the
athletes now under the fire of investiga
tion. As regards prizes article X of the
laws that govern the Pacific Athletic
Association reads:
Xo prizes shall be given by any individual,
club, committee, association or other organiza
tion, or competed for or accepted by tiny ath
lete, except juiitalily inscribed wreaths, dipio
mas, banners, badges, medals, timepieces and
mantel ornaments or articles of jewelry, silver
ware, table or toilet service. In no meeting or
contest shall eny prize be offered or awarded
to or accepted by tne club whose athletes shall
make the highest aggregate score in different
even is, but suitabieteam and individual prizes
may be awarded for team competitions in a
single specialty. Not more than three prizes
in all shall be given in any event or competi
tion (counting a team prize allowed as above
as one prize), and said prizes snali not exceed
in cost 935 ior first, $20 for second and $10 for
third prize.
The prohibitions of this article shall not ap
ply to tokens or prizes (other than money)
composed in whole or in part of metal, arid
bearing inscriptions denoting the event or
contest, in any case which tokens or prizes
shall have been Riven or sanctioned by this
union or any of its members, or prior to the
formation of this union, by any recognized
amateur organization; provided, that if any
person shall, a: any time after April 1, 1891,
sell, pledge or exchange for any other thing
any such token or prize he shall thereafter be
ineligible, and he shall likewise be ineligible
if at the time of the competition or the entry
therefor he is disqualified or under suspension
by this union, or nny of Its members, or any
organization allied with or approved by it.
Qeorge D. Baird, the famous amateur
athlete and promoter of true amateur
sport, has returned from Chicago and will
permanently reside in this City. Mr.Baira
is one of the few champions of honorable
sport who bas materially aided the officers
of the Pacific Athletic Association in sus
taining good amateur athletics on this
coast. Since his departure for the East,
about two years a^o, interest in outdoor
athletics has almost fallen into desuetude.
Now that he is once acain among his
friends it is safe to say that he will take
an active part in the good work of infusing
new life and new ideas into the athletes
who were rapidly straying away from the
straight path.
It was rumored yesterday that some
wealtny men who are interested in ath
letic sports have been figuring upon the
construction of a large athletic park which
will answer the aims of the outdoor ath
letes and wheelmen. The syndicate
thought favorably of the Mechanics' In
stitute block, corner of Fifteenth and
Folsom streets, as an athletic site, and
may lease the ground if favorable terms
can be secured. At present the matter is
in an embryotic state.
WOMEN IN COUNCIL.
They Organize a New Committee on
Child Study and Family
Culture.
Delegates from the Women's A. P. A.,
the Girls' Training School on Hill street,
the Women's Industrial and Educational
Union, the various temperance societies
and other female organizations took part
at yesterday's meeting of the Women's
Federation. Owing to the nature of some
of the matters discussed the session was
held with closed doors. About twenty
women were present, and Mrs. Rose M.
French presided.
The prison committee made a report on
the progress of the trials of men accused
of perverting the morals of young girls.
anil several of the women present gave
their views upon the matter. The exist
ing statutes applying to the cases were
characterized as inefficient.
A new committee was organized, with
Mrs. J. Fairbanks at its head, for the pur
pose of devoting itself to "child study and
family culture." A course of reading on
the two subjects will first be none through,
after which the members of the committee
hope to make practical use of the knowl
edge thus obtained in the missionary
labors of the federation.
A motion was adopted to the effect that
male press representatives be henceforth
excluded from the federation meetings.
Casebolt Lose* His Suit.
In the patent suit <»( Jonathan B. Casebolt
against the Omnibus Cable Railway Company
United States Circuit Judge Beatty found for
the defendant yesterday. The court sustained
the Etreet railroad concern's contention that
the device— a system of pulleys for enabling
cable cars to run around curves— which Case
bolt had patented had been in use two years
before he applied for any patent.
„....; ■ . -T^'Jgj^iEßY goods. C_~^^>
MUST BE SOLD IMMEDJATeTY
DAMAGED BY WATER!
The following lines, although ONLY VERY SLIGHTLY DAM-
AGED BY WATER during the recent storm, must be closed out at
once, and are therefore placed on sale to-day
At a Prodigious Sacrifice!
- EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES!
-A.t 1 Cent a, "sTar*ci.
2500 yards HAMBURG EMBROIDERY, regular price sc,*6«<c and 7}4c, slightly dam-
aged, will be closed out at lc a yard.
,^ • At 5 Cents a. Yard.
1200 yards HAMBURG AND NAINSOOK GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, reeular price
10c, 12% c and 15c, slightly damaged, will be closed out at 5c a yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS! HANDKERCHIEFS!
n^ , ' _ At 5 Cents Each
300 dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price
$1 50 a dozen, slightly damaged, will be closed out at 5c each.
LADIES' KNIT UNDERWEAR
.A.t 35 Cents.
32 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WHITE WOOL DRAWERS, slightly damaged
regular price $1, will be closed out at 35c a pair. , •.
--■■■*' ~
CORSETS! COESETS!
A.t *1.00.
27 dozen LADIES' GENUINE FRENCH CORSETS, fine sateen, long and medium
waist, firmly and closely boned, venus back, in black, white, drab and cream,
broken sizes, regular price $2 50, will be closed out at $1 a pair.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
-A.t 15 Cents.
About 75 dozen EXTRA FINE CASHMERE MERINO SOCKS, full finished with
double spliced heels and toes, slightly damaged, were 35c, will be closed out at 15c
a pair.
-A.t 35 Cents.
55 dozen MEN'S OVERSHIRTS, made of heavy duck shirtings and tennis flannels
slightly damaged, were 65c, will be closed out at 35c each.
A.t 5O Cents. i
45 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMEL'S HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS
slightly damaged, were $1, will be closed out at 50c each.
: LADIES' CIRCULARS.
.A.t SO Cents.
LADIES' CIRCULARS, in stripes, value $1 50, will be closed out at 50c each.
-A*t 1.00.
LADIES' CONNEMARAS, in cloth, in plaids and stripes, regular value $° will be
closed out at $1 each. " "
GLOVES^ GLOVES!
A.t 5O Cents.
90 down 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, in colors and black, regular value *L
Will be closed out this day at 50c a pair. ' b *V
1 \
18/W^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Mattel street, corner of Jim, /
SAY- mister!youve dropped youi*
The largest piece ol
Good tobacco
ever sold for 10 cents
ffl jHffEUMG'^
mw^^w
mJBr *T*t/ 'Bs^
'f&RNYSt
:i"^'Sfß^^ass2S£££ i g^223
with instruments of his own invention whoaa
ESXrS^l Uyi--li
I Office Hour»-12 to 4p. v.
iTHESUCCESSOF THE SEASON
THE ladieslrill EOOM
"*' THE
PA! APE MfiTCI
rHLfluc nUI CLi
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OTEX UNTIL MIUSIGHI,
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDCiE,
Editor and Proprietor.
' SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
j-eily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SO.IB [
Tally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
ail;, end Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cali., three months by mall' 1.50
tally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
fr^niity Call, one year, by mall 1-50
WEEKLY Call, one year, by mall 1-60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ..Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
51 Clay Street,
Telfrbone M»!n-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
t :S0 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tiitil 9 o'clock.
1518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
lib Kinta street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
008 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Sooms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, Sew York City.
DAVID M. lOLTZ, Special Agent.
TUESDAY JANUARY 21, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Of course the flying squadron will come
our way — everything is doing that this
year.
No one expects bloodshed, but everybody
sees that diplomatists are playing with
edged tools.
If Spain ever tries to put Cuba on the
bargain counter she wiil find that we have
a string on it.
They may talk of war in Europe but our
Presidential campaign will be the hottest
light of the year.
It may take a good many ultimatums to
make a declaration of war, but they will
do it after a while.
If Olney's foreign policy develops no
vigor it will not be for any lack of oppor
tunity for exercise.
In these days the weather bureau re
port is a good enough mystery story to
practice guessing on.
It will be a fruitful as well as a festal
year, and next fall we shall be as full of
prunes as of politics.
With complications in Armenia, Trans
vaal, Cuba and Venezuela any nation can
rind trouble that wishes it.
All European potentates are talking ex
cept the Czar, and yet he is the only one
in a position to talk business.
This country will have a gay and alto
gether lovely time if ever Tom Reed gets
to be president of the Senate.
In the anti-funding bill convention Cali
fornia put her linger on the right button,
and Congress must do the rest.
It begins to look as if a proposal to buy
Cuba may be one of the surprise parties
that Cleveland has in store for us.
Democracy may succeed in carrying
Clevelandism, but it will not be able to
carry a single State while doing it.
The rains are worth to California more
than Cleveland's bonds will tax out of us,
but no thanks are due to Cleveland.
Don't fail to visit the exhibit of the
Guild of Arts and Crafts. There is pleasure
in it for every person of artistic tastes.
Grover's foreign policy is interesting
enough, but what the people wish to learn
is the inside history of his bond deals.
Reform movements are not making so
much noise as they did last winter, but
they seem to be maki ng more progress.
No matter in what direction the Gov
ernment undertakes to move in these days
it runs up against the Democratic deficit.
Olney, Carlisle and Boies are the Presi
dential possibilities visible in the Demo
cratic camp so far, and they are three
crows.
The refunding scheme c^inot be brought
up too early now. The people are eager
for the fray to begin and be fought to a
finish.
Chamberlain, Balfour, Rosebery and
Gladstone have all had their little say,
but . Salisbury has evidently gone duck
shooting.
It is said that Carlisle would accept the
compliment of the Democratic Presiden
tial nomination, but he probably wishes it
on a gold plate.
The British will never make war on this
country while the Wilson tariff iasts, for
John Bull is too wise to kill a goose that
lays a golden egg.
It is slowly dawning upon the bosses of
the railroad monopoly that California by
ncr natural growth has stretched the cinch
strap to the breaking point.
This will go into history as the year in
which the American people made a protec
tive system as permanent a part of their
policy as the Monroe doctrine.
It remains to be seen whether Carlisle
lias the Democratic party under bonds to
him or whether the party has him under
bonds not to disturb the convention.
The Kaiser made a brave display in cele
brating the anniversary of the birth of the
German empire, but he took care not to
say anything to rufile prance this time.
The two salient points of the financial
question are the decrease in the revenues
and the increase in the National debt, and
the free-traders are responsible for both.
It is hardly likely tnat any European
nation after spending so much money to
make a line army would so to war to muss
the regiments up and spoil the uniforms.
China and Japan furnished the circus
for the world last year, but this year they
ran sit at home comfortably and watch
the ructions in America, Africa and Isu
rope.
If Huntington had exercised the skill in
trying to pay his debts that he has used in
evading them he would'not in his old age
!>e forced to work so hard in an effort to
get th^m refunded.
Now that Dr. Carlos Martyn of Chicago
lias told us that in his city San Francisco
has a bad name we trust he will stay with
us long enough to learn what sort of a
name Chicago has here.
THE PRIMAEY ELECTION LAW.
The Supreme Court of California sat in
bane yesterday and heard arguments
upon the question of the validity of the
primary election law which was enacted
by the last Legislature. The case comes
down from Sacramento County, the Board
of Supervisors of which have refused to
take the initial steps toward holding a
primary election under the law upon the
ground of its unconstitutionally. There
upon a writ of mandate was implied for
in the Supreme Court by a citizen of that
county, and it is this application to which
the court gave its attention yesterday.
It is of great importance, not only to
Sacramento County, but to the Btate at
large, that this issue should be considered
broadly and decided speedily by the court.
The act by its terms is limited in its appli
cation to counties of the first and second
classes, but one of the very questions of
this case is what counties come within this
classification. Before the new constitu
tion went into effect the Legislature
divided the counties of California into
three classes, of which the first class em
braced nil counties bavins above 20,000 in
habitants, the second class all between 8000
and 20,000, and the third class all under
SOOO people.
There has been no classification of coun
ties for all purposes since the new consti
tution was adopted, but only special and
much more diversified classification in the
several county government acts for the
purpose of regulating the compensation
of county officers. If the former classifica
tion still prevails the larger portion of the
counties of the State would be subject to
this primary election law, while under the
later classifications only three counties,
viz. : San Francisco, Los Angeles and Sac
ramento, would be affected by its terms.
It will thus be seen that practically the
entire State is interested in the result of
the decision.
There is still another reason for this in
terest and fora broad consideration and
speedy decision of the case. It is conceded
that the expense of conducting primary
elections under the law 'would be very
great. This expense, which has heretofore
fallen upon the political parties, must, if the
law is valid, be borne by the taxpayers of
the counties which are subject to the law.
The result of a decision sustaining the
iaw will be to create deficits in the finances
of more than one of the counties of the
State for this year. This possibility, taken
in connection with the increase in the State
tax levy for the current year, has caused
the taxpayers of the affected counties to
observe with interest the fate of the pri
mary election law.
The City and County of San Francisco
is in any view of the case a city and county
of the first clasp, and as the most import
ant single subdivision of the State is most
materially concerned in the fate of this
statute. Although it is not directly con
nected with the pending cause it is directly
concerned in and will be affected by its de
cision. It is to be hooed that the Supreme
Court will take this fact into account and
when it has fully considered the case will
render a decision which shall apply to
San Francisco as well as to Sacramento
and fulh' and finally settle the vexed ques
tion of the constitutionality of the primary
election law.
AN IMPOETANT MEETING.
On the 13th of February a meeting will
De neld in this City by representatives of
cycling associations, driving associations,
boulevard and improvement clubs and all
others interested in securing better streets
for San Francisco. It will be preliminary
to the meeting which the State Bureau of
Highways will hold in this City in the
latter part of February, and its purpose is
to cultivate a local interest in the subject
of good pavements. Both these meetings
will be very important, and every care
should be taken to make them as effective
as possible.
San Francisco will be the last county in
the State to be visited by the Highways
Bureau, whose members by the end of
next month will have completed their in
spection of roads in ail the counties and
their meetings to arouse popular interest
in the subject. That they have already
done much good, principally of an educa
tional character, is taken for granted.
They have shown Boards of Supervisors
how and where money has been wasted,
industries injured and development re
tarded by unintelligent care of roads.
They will be prepared, at the meeting to
be held here, to give a resume of their dis
coveries and suggestions, and as San Fran
cisco is the center of ihe cycling interest
in the State, and as wheelmen have de
veloped into the most important of all the
factors in the movement for improved
highway?, the value of the approaching
San Francisco meeting. to the whole State,
as well as to the City itself, is evident. It
would be eminently advisable for city,
town and county governing bodies
throughout the State to send representa
tives to the meeting which will be held
here by the Bureau of Highways.
The wheelmen of San Francisco and the
other associations united with them in this
great undertaking should insist that the
bureau secures one of the largest halls in
the City. There will be no trouble in pack
ing it. The Call may be depended on to do
all in its power to rouse public interest in
the gathering, and undoubtedly the other
papers will work as hard. San Francisco
is twenty years behind leading Eastern
cities in the matter of good streets. No
intelligent person entertains the smallest
doubt of the value of such an aid to prog
ress. California is richer than any other
State in the Union in respect to the excel
lence and variety of its paving mate
rial. The East is probably using more of
this material, shipping it overland at
enormous expense, than we ourselves are.
Merchants, property-owners, wheelmen,
owners of private carriages, livery-stable
men, draymen, hackmen, truckmen, milk
men, in short, all who own itorses and
property and do business, are interested.
Equally important are the interests of tax
payers, those unfortunates who are so
heavily burdened and who receive so little
benefit from the taxes which they pay.
Thi3 should be made one of the greatest
meetings ever held in San Francisco.
A STEANGE COINCIDENCE.
The hand of fate seems to be in the co
incidence between the pendency of a rail
road funding scheme in Congress and the
suit brought by the Southern Pacific Com
pany to restrain the California State Rail
road Commission from reducing the freight
charges on grain. It would have been
better for the Southern Pacific to submit
to that reduction than incur the risk of
seeing the evidence of the Pattison rail
road inquiry of 1887 made a record of the
United States courts and newly paraded
in the newspapers, and urged by conven
tions and mass-meetings as evidence upon
which Congress must act in deciding the
funding issue.
The facts unearthed by the Pattison
Commission were published at the time,
but as a majority of the people have short
memories the revival comes as a flood of
new light. Those facts furnish the last
necessary evidence to convince Congress
that the passing of a funding bill would be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
a wrong of inconceivable magnitude. It
was discovered by that commission that
the Central Pacific was wrongfully made
to cost at least three times as much as was
necessary, and hence that the cost was at
least three parts fraud. It is proposed in
Congress to condone this fraud and per
petuate the popular burden which it cre
ated.
Another purpose which i,hat old record
has served is to permit a comparison be-
tween the statement of the value as repre
sented by the cost, and that serves as a
basis of traffic charges, and the value
placed on the roads by their owners for
taxation purposes. Both these valuations
were made under oath, and they have a re
markable dissimilarity. The cost, accord
ing to these separate statements, averages
four times the value. It is on the cost the
funding bill is based.
The reports from Washington indicate
that the railroad committees of the two
houses are beginning to weaken, and the
latest news ia that representatives of the
people will be permitted to mate argu
ments against the funding measures.
This undoubtedly is the result of the
pressure which California has brought to
bear, and yet we have not put forth one
hundredth part of the strength that is in
us. By confining itself to opposition to
the funding bill 3 the State convention
held in this City a few days ago made a
grand beginning, but the work should be
followed up by every community in the
State. The railroad company, actuated by
the blindness of desperation, is uncon
sciously assisting the right in every possi
ble way. Not only has it brought down
the Pattison report upon its head, but it
has made an alliance with the Panama
Railroad that restricts trade between Cali
fornia and the Atlantic, and has made the
fatal mistake of taking advantage of its
monopoly to increase the overland rates
and so strengthen the opposition to it in
this State.
CHANGES IN CUBA.
The substitution of General Weyler for
General Campos in the management of
Spain's interests in Cuba is understood to
mean a change from a slow policy to one
of the greatest vigor. This will hasten
the end of the conflict, and at the same
time it seems now to be the one thing
necessary to the restoration of Spanish
supremacy on the island. General Weyler
will be given 25,000 additional soldiers
from Spain ; his lorces will have every
possible advantage that usually counts in
war, including abundant ammunition,
possession of the capital with its forts, a
splendid fleet to protect the coast cities
and the wealth of the islaud and the
power of a great nation behind them.
The only thing which the insurgents have
to a superior degree is an intense, desper
ate determination to free themselves,
establish their own government and abol
ish the terrible burdens which Spain im
poses on their thrift and industry.
By reason of their lack of proper imple
ments ot war the insurgents have been
compelled to conduct a guerrilla warfare,
to avoid serious engagements, to trust to
the rleetness of their horses, to terrorize
with the torch and the machete the towns
still loyal to Spain, to destroy the property
which yielded revenues useful to Spain,
and to pursue a poiicv which was intended
as much to wear out the patience of their
enemies as to give tho populace time to
cultivate a desire for liberty.
Under the Campos regime they carried
out this policy with increasing success,
and there is little doubt that had he been
retained the revolution would have been
successful in the end. Now the character
of the situation is entirely changed, and
the one course which, if wisely followed,
will crush the rebellion will undoubtedly
be adopted This will be to take the field
at once and with all possible vigor pursue
the rebels, force them to fight, shoot as
traitors all insurgents who are taken, con
fiscate all the portable property of friends
of the revolution and destroy all property
that is not portable, and in general spread
terror from one end of the island to the
other.
If anything can overthrow the rebellion
that can. Nothing else is possible now.
Spain is at last forced to risk everything
in a desperate policy. It is impossible
now to foresee the result, but the histories
of such campaigns, conducted under such
circumstances, lead to the belief that in
the natural order of things the rebellion
will be suppressed. It is altogether un
likely that there is any truth in the rumor
that Spain is negotiating with England to
sell the island to that country. The
tangible fact of the coming radical policy
of Spain in treating with the revolutionists
on her own account is suthcient to make
the United States move promptly if there
is any intention of interfering. In two
months from this time it may be too late.
PERSONAL.
Dr. R. E. Hartley of Lakeport Is at the Grand.
James McCudden of Vallejo arrived here last
night.
Senator B. F. Langford of Stockton is at the
Palace.
John M. Besse, a business man of King City,
is in town.
R. Owensj a mine-owner of Placer County, is
in the City.
District Attorney F. G. Ostrander of Merced
is at the Lick.
Martin Winch, an attorney of Portland, ar
rived here yesterday.
C. W. Goodale, a mining and business man of
Butte, Mont., is in town.
Judge George T. Coles of Santa Barbara was
among yesterday's arrivals.
W. E. Bartholomew, a wealthy grain mer
chant of New York, is at the Palace.
R. M. Hoffman, one of the owners of a fruit
cannery at San Jose, is at the Grand.
R. J. Bentley, an extensive fruit-packer of
Sacramento, is here on a business trip.
George M. Colburn, proprietor of the Clifton
House at Niagara Falls, is at the Palace.
R. C. Wilson, a cattle grower of Red Bluff,
arrived here last night and is at the Grand.
J. W. Linscott, Superintendent of Public In
struction at Santa Cruz, was among yesterday's
arrivals.
R. J. Lewis, general passenger agent at Haw
thorne, Mo., of the Hannibal and St. Joe Rail
road, is in the City.
J. B. Peaks, proprietor of the Yosemite Hotel,
Stockton, is at the Lick. He was formerly in
the hotel business in Santa Cruz.
Sam McMurtrie, the railroad contractor of
Guadaloupe, is at the Palace. Mr. McMurtrie
is doing work for the South Pacific on its coast
branch.
P. H. McDermott, a prosperous mine-owner
of Carlisle, N. M.. is at the Russ. He is a
brother of United States Marshal McDermott of
Montana.
Richard Chute, who was formerly one of the
ablest of the political managers of San Fran
cisco, but who has relinquished politics for
mining, is in the City after a prolonged absence
at the Rawhide mine.
Charles K. Mason, for several years past
manager of the Byron Springs Hotel, and for
some months ill at St. Luke's Hospital, has re
covered his health and returned to his duties.
Mr. Mason, besides being in ill-health, suffered
from a disease of the eyes, which threatened to
end in blindness. His eyesight is now, how
ever, almost as good as it ever was.
Jliss EllaWllcox is the highly efficient jan
itor and sexton of the church of the United
Brethren in Marcellus, Mich. She has full care
of the church, keeps it in order, rings the bell
on Sundays and attends to all the other duties
of a sexton "in every way better than any male
janitor ever has," tbe church-goers say.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
W. C. Land, the cattle grower and buyer of
Arizona, is at the Russ. Mr. Land has been
on the Pacific Coast for over forty-five years.
He lived for a good while in California, and
also in Nevada. In nearly all of the States and
Territories of the coast he has at one time or
another been engaged either in mining, cattle
growing or other enterprises.
At one time he owned heavy mining and
land interests in Mexico, as well as in Arizona,
and was accounted worth at least $1,000,000.
His home at the present time is at Stone
House, nine miles from Benson, on the road to
Bisbee.
His livestock range largely on the noted
Babacomeri ranch, jutting up to the tcr,vns of
Benson and Tombstone, In Cochise ana Pima
counties. This great ranch is owned by the
Perrlns. C. M. Bruce, the Secretary of Arizona,
was for a long time the partner of Mr. Land.
Mr. Land knows his business from the
ground up. He is a skilled vaquero, being
able to ride and throw a rope witn the best of
them. He has had experiences scattered
W. C. Land of Arizona, the Pioneer Cattleman, Who Is One of the Most Skillful
Riders and Rope -Throwers on the Range.
[Sketched from life by a ''Call' artist.]
along through the years of his life on the
coast calculated to test his metal, and he has
become calloused to ordinary dangers.
One of his worst experiences was two or three
years ago on the Mojave desert, when he was
out several days and almost died from lack of
water while trying to reach Indian Wells.
Mr. Land has bought and shipped 6000
cattle since November 4. He says there Is
plenty of dry feed in Arizona and that the cat
tle are in fine condition.
"We have about one-third of the cattle In
Arizona now that we had two years ago," said
Mr. Land. "The cause of the decrease was that
we had two dry years. Cattle were sold off
and shipped out. Many growers went out of
the business, too, because 61 the death of stock
and lack of profits.
"As the situation Is now the class of cattle
known as feeders, that is, those from three
years old up, are too high. The market here
and East won't justify what owners are nsking.
They are asking from if 14 to $16 for them,
whereas it won't pay to exceed a price of
$11 to $14. There is no market to warrant it.
"Men who have cattle to sell want to bull the
market, and those who are out to buy waut to
bear it. As for me lam both buying and sell
ing, and I state it just as it occurs to me.
"Arizona is improving a good deal and has a
brighter look. There have been three or four
mines discovered lately, that is, properties
that look like mines, and that capitalists want
to buy. They appear to be big things. North
ana south in the Territory things are getting in
better shape.
"I don't believe from what I see that Arizona
will be admitted as a State right away. The
reason is that it is a dead sure shot that sne is
silver, and Congress, knowing that, I don't be
lieve will admit her."
Mr. Land has been shipping cattle to Bakers
field, and come? on up here In connection with
business. His visit will be brief.
N. Hashim, business manager of the Tavary
Grand Opera Company, who has come here
from Mexico in advance of the troupe, tells
some interesting things about experience
down in that country.
"A Mexican audience is the best audience I
ever saw for music. The people arc passion
ately fond of music and have considerable
knowledge of It, too. This seems strange
when you consider how ignorant a large part
of the population is otherwise. Ii the people
like an artist they show their appreciation
with great enthusiasm, but if not they hiss
right out. The opera-houses are all built and
managed by the Government and are the finest
on the continent. Those at San Luis Potosi,
Guadalajara and other places of comparatively
small population would do credit to the largest
cities in this country.
"The Government has very strict rules that
must be obeyed. For instance, if an artist is
sick a certificate must be presented to. the
right official and permission given to make a
change twelve hours before the performance.
Otherwise there will be a heavy fine.
"One night in Guadalajara we put on a dif
ferent opera from the one announced. A fine
of $1000 was imposed, but fortunately the
judge was so well pleased with it that the fine
was remitted. By the judge I mean the musi
cal judge, a man who attends each perform
ance as the Government's representative. We
had to wait until the judge was in his seat,
too, before the show could begin. Musical
judges, like others, sometimes dine well and
we were often compelled to wait until 9:30
o'clock before beginning the performance.
"At San Luis Potosl the Government guar
anteed the show and the Governor was so well
pleased with it that he attended every evening,
and we could not begin until he was in
his box. We had to wait as late as 9:45 o'clock
for him one night. However, we were so well
treated otherwise that we could not complain.
From 7:30 o'clock until the performance be
gan the Government military band played in
front of the opera-house. In fact at all the
cities the company was imet by bands and on
their departure were accompanied to the sta
tion.
"Curious as it may seem, the Mexicans pre
fer Wagner's operas to all others. There can
be no question that they are naturally a very
musical people. The day after an opera is pre
sented you will hear its tunes whistled all
over town by everybody. It is a good field for
a good company, but they have such a dis
agreeable way of showing their disapproval
and making it uncomfortable for a disliked
company that I would not advise any one to
take a poor troupe down."
The Tavary Opera Company will appear here
this spring.
OPINIONS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
A Bad Year for Bosses.
Safford (Ariz.) Guardian.
There are plenty of signs to show this will be
a bad year for political bosses and a good year
for the people.
Custom : Makes Lav.
Cbino Champion.
What is termed international law is made so
by a nation adopting a policy toward other
nations wbich 6h.e shows her ability to main
tain by force, or which is consented to or con
ceded by other nations. The Monroe doctrine'
is being made international law.
Americans Are Blamed.
Ix)s Angeles Times.
An English journal complains that "Ameri
cans were to blame for the English defeat in
the Transvaal." Well, if that is true, it is not
the first time that Americans have been "to
blame for English defeat." Probabiv it is not
the last.
America for Americans.
San Bernardino Times- Index.
Delegate Catron of New Mexico has intro
duced a bill to repeal the act preventing aliens
from acquiring title to real estate. It is be
lieved the Territory has lost the use of millions
of capital and its material progress greatly re
tarded by the operations of the law.
No Foreign Nation Should Own Cuba.
Vallejo Chronicle.
'After gaining her independence Cuba de
sires to be annexed to the United States. It Is
a question whether her population would make
good citizens, but it is certain that if the
island is worth righting for, as Spain has
fought, she Is worth taking when offered for
notniDg.
Lord Dunraven's Little Play.
l^anta Ana Herald.
England has sent some good actors to this
country, but Lord Dunraven's "Much Ado
About Nothing" has never been excelled.
Great Oaks From Little Acorns Grow.
Flagstaff Sun.
The Cuban revolution was started in April
last by less than 100 men. The insurgents now
number over 50,000, while Campos has used
up 116,000 Spanish troops and is calling for
more.
The Kind of Protection Most Needed.
Ventura Free Preaa.
People long for such protection to American
industries as will open up again all the closed
workshops, start the furnace fires, and give the
American farmer a home market for the prod
uct of his fields.
ART INSTITUTE MEMORIES.
It seems so loris since she and I
AmoriL' the throng of passers-by
Ktood reading in each other's eyes
Tin; secret, of love's mysteries.
The summer sunlight kissed hpr ltps
And Qltered through her finger tips
As. one by one, they brushed away
The curls upon her brow that day.
Her fair hair mocked the summer shine,
Her cheeits were red as scarlet wine.
Her eyes were blur? as skies of spring,
■\Vnen ail the wilds are blossoming.
And yet, wltbal, she was so fair,
1 loved and left her banging there;
Because, ul us ' this charming dame
Was but a picture in a frame.
—Chicago Record.
NO! NOT BY PURCHASE EITHER
The most Important duty of the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, in preparing their
ioint resolution setting forth the form in
which Congress will be asked to affirm the
Monroe doctrine, is to guard against such a
wording of that resolution as will imply toler
ance of England's acquiring by purchase a
title to any territory in dispute between Ven
ezuela and British Guiana. "We must oppose
with all our mean?," said Jefferson, as the
councilor of President Monroe, in refer
ence to the Spanish colonies of South
America, "the forcible interposition of
any other power as auxiliary stipen
diary, or under any other form or pretext,
and most especially their transfer to any power
by conquest, cession or acquisition in any
other way." Monroe wrote under Jefferson's
inspiration. It may as well be recognized, first
as last, that the people of this country will not
suffer any shuffling effort to discriminate be
tween the sale and the surrender of the soil of
an American republic. Any public man who
shall attempt seriously by such a wire-drawn
and shallow distinction to pull the bottom out
of the doctrine of American self-defense, first
enunciated by James Monroe, need expect
nothing from his countrymen except universal
derision and contempt.
To begin with, the constitution of Venezuela
forbids its Government to alienate under any
circumstances or for any consideration one
square inch of the national sol. The only
ground, therefore, upon which President
Crespo could cede to England a square inch of
the territory in dispute, would be an admis
sion that his country has no title to the section
ceded. Men cannot sell what they have no
title to. If in return for the tract surrendered,
President Crespo should accept a dollar, he
would be subjected to impeachment for high
treason.
We will not insult the intelligence of the
Nation's chosen lawgivers by dwelling at
length upon the deadly character of the prece
dent that would be set by our acquiescence
in the sale by an American republic of a section
of its territory to a European monarchy. We
know on the authority of the Hon. John Bli*e
low, formerly Minister to France, that General
Prim, when seeking the meansof organizing a
revolt against Isabella Jl, offered to sell Cuba to
the United States for the pitiful sum of $3,000,
--000. Who can assure us that in the Latin-
American communities a man may not
one day be found as little patriotic as was
Prim? Who can say, for example, that, were a
precedent for such a transaction once estab
lished, some President of Guatemala or Hon
duras might not sell for cash to British Hon
duras a cardinal section of his commonwealth?
Who can say that some revolutionist of Brazil,
seeing British Guiana acquire by purchase a
grasp upon the Orinoco, might not convey to
it for money a hold upon the Amazon as well?
Absitomen! Far from us be the suspicior?
that of such an act of national parricide any
Latin-American could be guilty! Far from us,
also, be the rankling thought that we, by any
act of ours, could be charged with suggesting
or conniving at the crime.— New York Sun.
THE DEAD LABORER.
Here, In his work-garb, with his sweat scarce dried
Upon his ijrimy brow, a laborer lies.
Climbing a Udder with his heavy hod,
A Tallinn timber swept him from the rounds.
And the hard pavement battered out his breath.
Push through the crowd, good friend ! The ambu
lance
Is ringing rounn the corner. Lose no time,
For years may puss before thy heart attain
Shall have such cau.se to melt. His job is done.
He who was (loomed before his hour of birth
To do the world's roui?h work, and have the least
Of its good things, has quit e-re it is six.
Mark well this harrowing scene, and, if naught else
Can touch a sense lons dulled to time's harsh facts,
But look upon the callous of these palms
And marvel how thou ever hast been moved
To think a thought of ill of any man.
1-"ranklj>- K. Demon In Chips.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
In Foggy Weather— L. R. W., Stockton, Cal.
Bay steamers in foggy weather have to figure
out their course by the compass.
Gold Coins— J. W. X., City. Two and a half
dollar pieces and $3 pieces of the United States
have not been withdrawn from circulation,
but for some years have not been minted.
Cuban Troubles— O. 11. H., ,City. In the
Daily Xews Almanac and Political Register
for the current year there is published a full
account of the revolts in Cuba from the earliest
time.
Steam Vessels— L. R. W., Stockton, Cal. You
can obtain a copy of the laws and regulations
that govern steam vessels by communicating
with the office of Inspector of Hulls and Boil
ers, Appraisers' building, this City.
A Red NOSH— S. O. T. C, City. If a nose is
red because of drinking, the remedy is, stop
drinking. If it is caused by a disease of the
skin, then the party afflicted should place him
self under the care of a competent physician,
who will remove the outer skin and in tnat
way restore the nose to the color it ought to be.
fARMY Promotion— Reader, Stockton, Cal. An
enlisted man who has served two years or
more in the United States army, whether as
non-commissioned officer or private, may com
pete fof a Vacancy for second lieutenant'when
ever any such exists. He has to undergo a
mental and physical examination, and if he
passes he may rise to the highest rank in the
army.
Bonds— J. J., Bethany, San Joaquin County,
Cal. To enter into an explanation of why the
present administration has issued so many
calls for bonds would take more space than is
allotted to Answers to Correspondents, but in
brief it is that the present administration
could not run the Government within the in
come, and for that reason hud to borrow
money to meet expenses and to keep up the
gold reserve.
Marrying Chinese— R. H. 8.. Oakland, Cal.
The question, "Can you publish the names
and the religion of the women who have mar
ried Chinese, that is white women?" cannot be
answered for the reason that it doe 9 not ap
pear from the question whether you want to
know about the white women of the world
who have married Chinese, or the white women
of a particular section, and for the further
reason that no record is kept of the religion of
people who apply for a marriage license. In
other words, tne question cannot be answered.
A Confederate Note— J. W. X., City. As a
note of the late Confederate Government is
not money nor a representative of money, and
therefore not currency, an individual arrested
for utterin g such could not be charged with
passing counterfeit money, but he could be
charged with obtaining money by falsely rep
resenting that the paper offered" was a "valu
able one, that is providing he obtained any
thing of value for it; if he did not obtain any
thing on it he could be charged with a*n
attempt to obtain property by means of false
representations.
Nicaragca Lands— F. L., City. The price for
agricultural land in Nicaragua is 7.3 cents per
acre, but where there is a running stream on
the land the price is $1 25. In order to en
courage the coffee industry in that country
the Government does not levy a license tax on
coffee trees. Every person planting not less
than 5000 coflee trees is allowed by the
Government a premium of 5 cents per tree,
halt to be paid when the trees are two
years old and the balance when the
trees produce. From 400 to 500 trees to the
acre can be planted, and the cost of plant
ing is very light. The cost of producing 100
pounds of coitee is about $5. Those who wish
to enter on this kind of a venture are advised
not to undertake it unless they have between
$4000 and $5000 in ready money. Twenty
dollars mi United States gold is worth $37 in
the currency of Nicaragua. Any one wishing
to go to that country to settle must first obtain
a consular passport from the Consul at the
port in which the intended settler lives. Fuller
information about the country may be ob
tained from a pamphlet to be obtained by
writing to the Bureau of American Republics,
Washington, D. C, for the special bulletin
"Coffee in Nicaragua," issued October, 1893.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
LIEUTENANT - GOVERNOR SADLER I
RIGHTED.
State of Nevada, Executive Department.) |
Carson City, Jan. 19, 1896. \
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
The article in your issue of the 17th inst., page
8, "Sadler's Odd Mistake," does a great injus
tice to Lieutenant-Governor Sadler, who is as
regretful of the illness and sufferings of Gov
ernor Jones as any other person in the State.
Lieutenant-Governor Sadler knew nothing of
the flag being half-masted, as he was not nor
had been in Carson at the time, neither did he
appoint any private secretary, and I know
that no telegram ever reached ray hands while
in San Francisco from him asking or demand
ing any keys whatever, and this last it was hi 3
perfect right to do had it been required.
The many rumors noating around are en
tirely without foundation, and inflict an in
jury almost irreparable on the reputation of
the Lieutenant-Governor of our State. Respect
fully, W. T. lIANFORD,
Private Secretary to the Governor.
CLEVELAND'S DEBT.
Its Increase Since the Beginning of
the New Fiscal Year.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Empress of China has a passion for
jewels. It was formerly illegal for Chinese
women to wear jewels, but the present Em
press persists in her fancy for precious stones.
The Rev. A. D. Mayo is in Washington put
ting the finishing touches to his "History of
the American Common School," the first in
stallment of which will appear in the forth
coming report of the National Bureau of Edu
cation.
One of the most accomplished chess players
in the world is a woman, Mrs. Nellie Marshall
Showalter of Kentucky. Mrs. Showalter will
take part in the international chess match by
cable which will be contested in April between
the' women of England and America.
Mary French Field, eldest daughter of the
late Eugene Field, is preparing herself to give
public readings irom her father's favorite
poems. She is a beautiful girl, about 19 years
old, with an exquisite voice and charming
manners.
Mr. Gladstone ba.a a personal connection with.
British Galana. as his family fortune was made
there. His father owned a great sugar estate
at Vreeden Hoop, in Demerara, and was a
large slave-owner. One of the Grand Old
Man's first speeches in Parliament was a de
fense of West Indian slavery, made just before
the passage of the act abolishing slavery in
1833. He was Under Secretary for the Colo
nies when Schomburg was laying out his Hue.
CURRENT HUMOR.
She— l'm sorry to leave you, Fred, in such a
frame of mind ; bat I had a previous engage
ment, you know.
He— it might have been as well if you'd had
a previous engagement before we were mar
ried—and kept it.— Brooklyn Life.
The leap-year girl should learn to pay the
bills like a little man.— Philadelphia Record.
Papa (on the top of the stairs)— ls that young
man gone, Mamie?
Mamie— Yes, papa; awfully '—Judge.
Paternal Visitor-Do you like to go to school,
little boy?
Little Boy— Yes, I like goin' to school well
enough and corain' home all right. tt hat I
don't like is havin' to stay cooped up in there
between times.— Somerville Journal.
Emperor William of Germany shows con
siderable impatience with the pies that his
grandma makes.— New York World.
"Queen Victoria 'and Emperor William are
relatives, are they not?" asked ßloomneid.
"Yes, strained relations," replied Bellefield.
Putsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
The Hostess— Oh, yes! Her people were as
poor as church mice; but since her marriage
to wealthy John Gotmore she has it easy."
The Visitor— Easy? I should say so! Why
she hasn't a single thing to do but sit and
worry. — I'uck.
Judicious Salection.— Whom did Mrs. Des
mond ask to her house party?
All her intimate enemies and^some of her
friends.— Chicago Record.
She— Oh, Tom! do wake up and listen to the
wind; it's perfectly awful.
He (drowsily;— ls it, my dear? Just open the
window and put out a peppermint lozenge; it's
the best thing for the wind.
Dukane — What a strange combination young
Manchester is.
Gaswell— What do you mean ?
Dukane— He has pigeon toes and a hoarse
voice.— Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
"I see," SBid Mrs. Hashcroft, "that they have
passed an ordinance imposing a fine on anyone
who yells 'Fire!' in a church."
"Oh, well," said the Cheerful Idiot, "that
sort of preaching has pretty much gone out of
date anyway."— lndianapolis Journal.
A STREET COSTUME.
Dull-toned mignonette green cloth Is the
fabric of the gown illustrated here. The revers
are of brown velvet, with appliques of creamy
guipure. The collar and points are of the
same velvet.
Charming effects are obtained by using a
contrasting color for the yoke top in silk above
the revers. Take for instance a brown and
blue mixed cloth, with revers of brown velvet,
and the yoke In blue cloth to match the blue
in mixed goods, which is of the forget-me-not
hue. The revers were edged with stone mar
ten, the fur which is so much worn this season.
A gown of stone-coiored cloth, with revers of
ruby velvet that were edged with a shaggy fur
of stone color, had the yoke of white satiu
covered with yellowish lace.
Cheviots of the new mixtures make up very
effectively after this model. One of a fawn
shade showing many bright threads had a
yoke and the revers of mignonette velvet, the
latter edged with beaver.
Another cheviot of brown had trimmings of
grass green velvet, overlaid with ochre-col
ored guipure.
A green and black mixture had green cloth
revers heavily braided with gold, the yoke top
being of the green elotn studded with gilt
spangles. A border of Persian lamb edged the
revers.
A jacket waist after this model designed to
wear with a plaid skirt showing many colors,
and these by no means subdued, was of brown
heavy silk. It had revers of velvet, with a pale
yellow satin yoke, covered with white lace.
A band of sable edged the revers, and wag
added at the top of the white satin stock collar.
Strokg hoarhound candy, lsc lb. Townsend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Prsss
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
Husband's Calcined Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. •
Ethel— Molly told me yesterday, Nell, that
you had resolved to give up talking slang.
Nell— Yes, I have. I've thought it all over 1
and I've made up my mind that even if the
young men do seem to like a girl who«e talk is
bright and slangy, when it comes to getting
married she simply Isn't in it.— Somerville
Journal.
War is declared against disease by Hoftd's Sarsa
parlila, which purifies, vitalizes and enriches the
blood. Pure blood means pood health, and the way
to have pure blood is to take Hood's Sarsapanlla.
Coushs and Hoarseness.— The irritation that
induces coasting is immediately relieved by
using "JBrovm't Bronchial Troches." A simple and
safe remedy.
V<\k Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bftters, the world
renownod South American appetizer and invigora
tor of exquisite flavor.
Tobbduck your weight, use Vrettos' Belt.
Word has reached Germany that Neufeld,
the only person held prisoner by the Mahdi,
has been thrown into chains Decause he aided
in the escape of the Italian, Rossignoli, and
the Austrian, Ohrwalder. Neufeld had estab
lished a powder factory on the ruins of Khar
toum, but his work has been interrupted. An
effort is being made to get the German 1 Govern
ment to interfere in Neufeld's behalf.
«Ie^SPECIAt^
|»| Tuesday, Jan. gist. To-day only.
|| Warner's Celebrated Per-
jj fection Waists. Best $1
fcj Waist in town for 65
M cents. Sizes 18 to 30. •
[ft! Complete lists at your command.
l» Largest Department Store.
W Smiths' Cash Store,
•* 414 >* 16 ' 41 1 §fS<3NTST,,S.F.TUESDAY JANUARY 21. 18«6
AMUSEMENTS.
California THKATKR-"InOld Kentucky."
Columbia TIIEATKK-"The KllSißn."
Morosco's OPERA-HorsE-"A Man Without a
Country.' '
TivouOpKßA-HorsK.-"Ixlon:or, The Man of
the heel."
ORPHErw.-Hlgh-Class Vaudeville.
GBOVnt'a ALCAZAR.-" WOlveS Of New "i ork.
MACDOKoren thkatkr (Oakland)- The
Unequal Match." _ , .
Shcotthf. CHrT>:s.-Dally at Halght street
ci * r.ock cast of the Tark.
KxHißiTiox-Of Books and Printing, at 424
Pine street.
ricincCoAßTJorKFYfirß.- Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Fasten <fe 1- 1 tktih-.k. -This day (Tuesday),
Real Estate, at 638 -Market street, at 12 o'clock
noon.
Balivwin * n am v.»NT..-Tlmrsday' January 23,
Real Estate, at 10 Montgomery st.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
The Women's Federation held a meeting with
closed doors.
The railroad injunction suit Is progressing
more rapidly.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association will
meet this evening.
Three Chinese were arrested for dumping
rotten potatoes into the bay.
The amount of the bet between La Voce and
L'ltalia is raj iiy rising in value.
Fair weather is definitely promised for to-day
by Local Forecast Official A. McAdie.
Warrants were issued yesterday for tne ar
rest of several merchants who deal in wild
game.
Professor D. S. Jordan presided for the first
time last night at a meeting of tne Academy of
Sciences.
Cyclists and drivers are much stirred up over
the approaching visit of the State Bureau of
highways.
Rev. Carlos Martyn addressed the Presby
terian Ministerial Association yesterday on
civic reform.
The mretingß of the State Bureau of High
ways in the different counties are to be boomed
by wheelmen.
The poolroom ordinance was 6ent back to the
oint License and Health and Police Com
- yesterday.
Interesting popular lectures are promised to
those who will attend the meetings of the
Academy of Sciences.
An eventful voyage of the British ship
Inchcape Rock was "described yesterday by Cap
tain Wilson, her master.
The winners at Inglesiile yesterday were:
Toano, Peru, Gold Coin. Ransom, Semper Lex,
Georsre Miller and Pearson.
H. W. Bowman contributes a letter to the
controversy, holding Home responsible for the
condition of Spain a*id Italy.
The matter of the construction of the new
ferry depot, will come up before the Harbor
Commissioners ibis afternoon.
Attorney Joseph F. loffoy was yesterday
ordered by Judge Joa chhnsen to appear before
him to-day for contempt of court.
"Sociology" was the subject discussed at the
Methodist Ministers' Club yesterday, being the
theme of a paper by Rev. Dr. Beard.
Tlu- exhibition of printing and its allied arts,
under the auspieesof the Guild "f Arts and
Crafts, had a most successful opening.
F K. Wynait, a grocer at Sixteenth and Shot
himseif yesterday morning.
His friends think his deaihwas accidental.
The steamers City of Sydney aiul city of
Panama left for Panama yesterday, but did not
gt. to sea on account of the rough weather.
krnen employed on the grading at the
head of -tanytn street found a sack containing
are buried in the Band yesterday
moru:
I>emocrntic general committee, as
nted by the Buckley faction, met last
night and organized. Joseph Rothschild was
elected president.
A. T>. Ayres, general agent of the Wheeler &
□ Sewing Machine Company, has "gone
Kast on business," and his creditors will bring
suit for $_'0,000.
Four members of Carpenters' end Joiners'
fn on 4P3 were expelled from the union last
oc kir v; 'latins the rules and working
. .urs a day.
The annual meeting of the San Francisco
ani North Pacific Railroad Company's stock
holder.-, set for to-day, is to be postponed for
hree weeks.
.1. F. Valentine, vice- president of the National
Molders' Union, says that hereafter alldiffer
encps between employers and employes will be
settled by arbitration*.
Some one attempted to break into the house
of John W. Reid, 800 a Hayes street, late Pun
day night and George Faulkner, a blacksmith,
was arrested on suspicion.
The investigating committee appointed by
the Pacitic Athletic Association will meet this
evening in the Olympic Club to hear charges
preferred against amateur atnletes.
Ah Fook, r Chinese convicted .of having 150
cigars in his possession sans the necessary
Government stamps, was fined ."£SO by United
States District Judge Morrow yesterday.
Wiliiam Jaokman and Frank G. Patterson,
poolsellers. pleaded guilty in the Police Court
yesterday, and were each fined $50, as they
declared they had gone out of the business.
Pamuel B. Thompson, the ajred newsdealer,
was yesterday held by Judge Conlan to answer
before the Superior Court on three charges of
felonious assault in 910,000 bonds on each.
Judge Troutt has denied a motion to decide
the case of Ambrose Watson, the Police Court
clerk who was ousted by the Supervisors,
against Auditor Broderick, on the pleadings.
There Is a movement to organize retail liquor
dealers to combat the recent order of the City
brewers prohibiting rebate and treating by any
of the employes or proprietors of the breweries.
Charles 9. Young has given notice that he
will appeal from the decision of the Superior
Court which declared that Madison Babcock
is the iegal Superintendent of Schools in this
City.
Sidney V. Smith Is preparing his answer in
the injunction proceedings brought by Presi
dent A. \V. Foster and other stockholders of
ttie Han Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
Company.
Phillip Wart* and H. Skirin, photograph
agents, were arrfsteted yesterday for disturb
ing the peace at the instance of two ladles,
but a. more serious charge may be made
against tnem.
Sophia Martinovich is suing John Woolley
and Mary Woolley, his wife, for $25,000. She
■ays she fell through the sidewalk in front of
defendants' property at 1103 Broadway and
Injured herself.
Mr?. W. M. Waddlll.the young -white woman
who deserted her colored husband in this City
last week, was heard from yesterday, and an
attempt to bring about a reconciliation will be
made this week.
Thomas Kelly, a spring-maker, threw a stone
through a window yesterday morning in order
to get himself arrested. He said that he had
not tasted food for days and longed for a few
weeks of prison fare.
City and County Attorney Creswell has ren
dered an opinion that the Board of Super
visors has no right to remove the high fence
that Charles Crocker built about the property
of the late Captain Yung.
Bernard Fernandez is suing Patrick Tormey,
president of the Union Stockyard Company,
for $62,000 in Martinez. The trial began
before Judge Jones yesterday and sensational
developments are expected.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald will ask the
National Manufacturers, in session at Chicago,
to pass a resolution calling upon all State Leg
islatures to pass laws compelling all convict
made goods to be specially branded.
The second trial of Mrs. Jane f-hattuck
opened before Judge Belcher yesterday. Two
Jurors were secured. Truly M. Shattnnk,
daughter of the prisoner, and one of the prin
cipal witnesses in the case, cannot be found.
Judge Hunt has decided to grant a new trial
in the suit of Augustus Layer for architect's
fees from A. P. Hotaling. He sued for $8250,
he was allowed $3200, and now Judge Hunt
says he must accept $300 or stand a new trial.
A committee of citizens and members of the
Merchants' Association yesterday called upon
Manager Vining and requested that the Mar
ket-street Railway Company issue transfers on
several of the principal streetcar lines in the
combine.
Count de Toulouse Loutrec, who is said to be
Hum, the Siberian exile, who arrived here re
cently and went on to St. Louis, was enter
tained prior to his departure by a society
beauty at the Palace. He also received ah
offer of introduction from a wealthy lady to
her daughter, with an implied proposition of
marriage.
The Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco
will convene in annual session this afternoon at
Z o cock snarp. Reports of officers will be pre
sented and the following topics will be consid
ered : Coast defenses and increase of the navy,
memorial to Congress on the Xicaraugua canal,
tne Hawaiian cable, the Monroe doctrine, re
survey of San Francisco Bay and tributaries,
lay days of coal- laden ships, the refunding bill.
SALOONS AGAINST
THE BREWERS
Retail Dealers to Take Ac
tion on the Circular of
the Syndicate.
WANT COIN KEPT HERE
Text of a Petition That Has
Been Prepared for
Circulation.
MASS-MEETING TO BE CALLED.
Organizing to Defeat the Order Pro
hibiting Rebate and Treating
by Any One.
The recent action of a number of the
brewers of this City in regulating the price
of beer and prohibiting treating has
aroused a great deal of feeling among
many of the retail dealers who are affected
by this action, and a movement has been
.■-tarted looking toward a light against the
brewers.
The man who has come to the front in
this movement is Frank Marty, tne pro
prietor of a saloon at 3015 Mission street,
lie has published a notice calling upon all
engaged in selling beer to join him in or
ganizing a movement to defeat those brew
ers who are in the combine.
"The cause of this movement," said Mr.
Marty yesterday, "is this," and he pro
duced a circular which is in the following
words:
To the Trade : Beginning Monday, January
13, 189t>, the price of steam beer to all dealers
will be as follows: Five dollars for each whole
barrel, $2 50 for each half barrel, $1 75 for
each third or a barrel and $1 for each sixth of
a barrel. Lager beer not less than $8 per bar
rel, net, without any rebate or allowance of
any nature or kind and without spending
money by proprietors, managers, employes or
drivers.
These prices have been filed in the Interests
of fhe dealer as well as in the interests of the
brewer. Low price for beer only increases the
number of dealers, and gives to those of the
liquor traffic a good argument in favor of Sun
day closing, high license and separation of
grocery from saloon.
In their own interest we ask all dealers to as
sist the Brewers'. Protective Association in
keeping the prices or any concession or allow
ance made to them.
If these prices are strictly adhered to It will
lessen competition and prevent discrimina
tion.
American, Albany, Bavaria, Broadway, Buf
falo, Chicago, California, Enterprise, Freder
icksburK, Hibernia, Hayes Valley, John Wie
land, Jackson, Milwaukee, National, Kailroad,
8. F. Stock, -"-au Francisco, Union, United,
Washington, Willows and S. F. Breweries
(limited;.
"We cannot understand what the brew
ers mean in this matter — but the saloon
men, that is all who sell beer, and there
are some 8000 of them, including grocers,
who sell malfr liquor, know that it means
the loss of a great many dollars to them
every month and in the course of a year it
amounts to a very large sum.
"Here is Mr. Marrelo, who can explain
what is to be done better than I ccat"n t " and
the reporter was presented to the party
named.
"Here is a copy of a petition that has
been drawn up and is now being circulated
for signatures," and he unfolded a paper
of which the following ia a copy:
On behalt of all interested in our movement
and especially saloon-keepers and grocerymen,
I, Frank Marty of 3015 Mission street, call
upon all to help me in the fight I and my
friends are making against the syndicate that
has issued a circular (ostensibly in our inter
est, but it is not) wherein it contemplates to
perpetrate an outrage against our interests in
forbidding its '-proprietors, managers, em
ployes or drivers" to spend any money over
the bar or to make any rebate.
I have friends who will supply all the beer
we need for the trade, and of tne best quality
in the City, at the same price as the syndicate
now sells, allowing all rebates, and permission
to the "proprietors, managers, employes or
drivers" to spend money over the bar when
and now they please.
Those who are in favor of breaking up this
obnoxious scheme in the manifesto, which
means the draining of a half million of dol
lars from our pockets annually, will please
sign their names below.
"Tins movement, in which Mr. Marty, so
far, is the only one figuring, is being con
ducted quietly and secretly. The reason
for this is obvious. If we make known
who is back of Mr. Marty before we are
prepared to do so the syndicate will get its
work in and defeat our work. There are
some eighc thousand people directly intei
ested in this movement, and each is af
fected to the extent of from $4 to $6 a
month. That means nearly half a million
dollars a year, which these people formerly
received over tneir counters. We want
that amount of money retained in this
City, circulated among the people and not
sent out of the country, as it will be.
"You can say that as soon as we get a
number of names to this petition a mass
meeting in some central hall will be called
and the whole subject fully discussed.
You can also say that there are some very
prominent men in this movement, but I
am not at liberty at this time to name
them.
"What breweries will furnish the beer
on the conditions named in the petition?
Well, those cannot be named at this time
either, for the parties who are moving do
not want them to be approached by the
syndicate. The movement, you can say,
is not limited to San Francisco, but that
assistance will be forthcoming from out
side the City limits, and that the supply
of beer will be unlimited."
TO THE TRADE ONLY.
The Commission Merchants Will Not
Sell Produce to Any but the Re
tail Dealer.
The agreement on the part of the com
mission merchants to sell to the trade is
on printed cards in all the salesrooms of
the Commission Merchants' Protective As
sociation, and it is impossible for others
than the dealers to buy a single box of
fruit or any other package therefrom.
The wholesalers and retailers entered
into a compact on the first of this year
whereby the latter would pay their bills
incurred at the commission-houses every
Monday, and for this the former agreed
not to sell a pound of fruit other than to
the retailer. This does not touch the job
ber or wholesale dealer who buys from the
commission men. By this the retailer will
boycott the commission house if it sells to
a family and the commission man will sell
to everybody and in lots to suit if the re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
tail dealer does not settle his bills on Mon
day morning.
"We have lost so much by doing busi
ness from these 'long-time' dealers," said
a commission merchant yesterday, "that
we had to bring our customers up to a sys
tem."
"We have lost so much from the prac
tice on the part of wholesalers selling; at
retail." said a fruit man yesterday, "that
we had to bring our commission p"eople up
to a system."'
This system is not a good one for the
buyer and not very good for the com
mission people. The former can only
patronize the small dealer and the latter
can only get rid of his consignments as
his retailer orders them, and on the other
hand the jobbers sell both at retail and
wholesale, running opposition against
both parties.
"The agreement is wording smoothly,"
said acornmis.sion man, ''but I don't know
how lon* it will last. In the summer-time
when we get loaded down with small
fruit, and when we have to get rid of it
quickly and by every means, the thing
will come hardest upon us. Even now I
don't rind it convenient to refuse to sell
at retail to old customers, but we must all
stand by the compact."
HELD COURT IN PRISON.
Samuel B. Thompson Will Have to An-
swer Before the Superior Court.
The preliminary examination of Samuel
B. Thompson, the aged news-dealer, on
three charges of felonious assault upon
little girls was concluded yesterday and he
was held to answer before the Superior
Court in $10,000 bonds on each charce.
Judge Conlan's experience on Friday when
Thompson made an attack upon him in
The British Ship Inchcapc Rock, Which Had One of the Most Disastrous Voyages on Record, and Her
Master, Captain Wilson.
[Reproduced from a photograph by Hilton.]
court decided him to take nc chances, so
he held court in the City Prison.
Thompson most of the time sat in a cor
ner of the cell erlowering at the Judge.
His attorneys did not offer much of a de
fense, as they will plead that he is insane
and will ask that the Insanity Commis
sioners examine him.
CUT DOWN LAYER'S BILL
The Architect Is Offered Three
Hundred Dollars or a
New Trial.
He Sued For Over Eight Thousand,
and Was Allowed Three Thous
and by the Jury.
Judge Hunt has granted a new trial in
the case of Augustus Layer against A. P,
Hotaling, unless Layer will consent to a
reduction of the judgment rendered, one
of $3200, to $300.
There was admitted in evidence a rnle or
custom of the Institute of Architects by
which the members charge a fixed percent
age of the cost of the building to be erected.
If the building oe constructed the architects
charge 5 per cent of its cost, if it be not
constructed they charge 2% per cent.
Under this computation Layer sued to re
cover $8250.
The complaint contained two counts,
one that Hotaling had told Layer to go
ahead as if the plans were for himself,
and in the other count it stated that the
plans must be subject to Mr. Hotaling's
approval. This inconsistency was re
marked upon by the Judge in his opinion.
The testimony showed that Layer had not
given a thought to Hotaling's approval,
and it therefore was assumed that the first
count in the complaint was the one under
which Layer sought to recover. The
estimated cost of the building was $325,000.
Several architects were examined and
each gave the opinion tnat the amount
asked for was correct under the architects'
rule. The court held, however, that such
testimony was inadmissible because, how
ever much one architect might be bound
by this custom when dealing with another,
still an outsider, ignorant of the custom,
could not be held to it. There was no pre
tense that the defendant was a member of
the association, or that he knew of the
rule.
In view of the error in admitting the
testimony, ana in view of the fact that no
evidence had been introduced showing the
reasonable value of the plaintiff's services,
a new trial is granted unless the plaintiff
agrees to accept $300 as full compensation.
This amount was offered by Hotaling and
was refused by Layer. The testimony
went to show that Hotaling ordered the
planß merely because he thought of put
ting up a building at some future time,
and not because he had any idea of erect
ing one at once. He limited the cost to
$60,000, he said on the stand.
The Sportsmen's Association.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association will
hold a mass-meeting this evening in K. of R. B.
Hall, corner of Mason and O'Farrell streets.
Speakers !rom this City, Kolano, Contra Cogta
and Sonoma counties will address the sports
men present.
HER DISASTROUS VOYAGE.
The Inchcape Rock Nearly
Went Down While Round
ing the Horn.
ONE MAN WAS TORN TO PIECES,
Captain Armour, an Apprentice Boy
and a Sailor Also Lost Their
Lives.
Down sanlc the bell with a gurgling sound,
The hubbies rose and burst around;
Quoth .Sir Ralph, "The next who comes to the rock
Won't bless the abbot of Aberbrothock."
This verse is one of several that were en
graved on the windows of the British ship
Inchcape Rock. During a hurricance en
countered off tiie Horn all of them save
one were washed away by a great wave,
and now all that is left of the story is the
verse quoted, surmounted by a bell.
Inchcape Rock is one of the most dan
gerous places on the coast of Scotland.
Ship after ship had been lost on it and the
wreckers along the coast reaped a rich
harvest. Among them was Sir Ralph the
Rover, who grew rich on the spoil gathered
from the sea, and finally he fitted out a
vessel to rove the Mediterranean. While
he was getting ready the good priests of
Aberbrothock decided to place a signal on
the treacherous Inchape Rock in order to
warn the unfortunates who might be
too close inshore on a foggy night or morn
ing. A bell was procured and during a
calm day it was fastened to the rock and
thenceforth warned all the coasters that
they were in a dangerous position.
As soon as Sir Ralph the Rover had his
piratical craft in commission the first
thing he did was to sail out to Inch
cape Rock and cut the bell from its fasten
ings. This act is the only remains of the
story left on the windows of the British
ship inchcape Rock.
From Scotland Sir Ralph the Rover
sailed all over the water of tne known
"world and as a pirate was a genuine suc
cess. His vessel was loaded down with
booty and he determined to return home
and give his crew a rest and a chance to
Bpend some of their ill-eotten gains in
Bonny Scotland. The run to the coast was
made in quick time and just as the pirati
cal craft was nearing land the fog came
down and Sir Ralph lost his reckoning.
He knew he was in the vicinity of Inch
cape Rock, but there was no warning bell
to give forth its notes with the wash of
the waves. The result was that Sir Ralph
and all his crew found a watery grave and
the ship went down on the very rock from
which the Rover had cut the bell a year
previously.
The British ship Inchcape Rock, which
docked yesterday at section '6 of the sea
wall, is not commanded by "a rover," but
Captain Wilson is one of the best iiked and
most skillful commanders that has ever
come into San Francisco. From the Lon
don dock he brought his ship to this port
in 110 days, which is remarkably good
time considering the time of the year.
During the short time he has been in her
there has never been an accident, but
under her former captain the vessel was
very nearly lost— not on the Incncapo
Rock, but on the rocks off Cape Horn.
Captain Armour was in command, and a
braver seaman never stepped in shoe
leather. It was blowing a hurricane, and
mountainous waves were constantly break
ing aboard. The British ship Lord Rag
lan hove in sight, and Captain Campbell
signaled "We're in for it." Captain Ar
mour answered, "Keep a stiff upper lip;
we'll pull through." Campbell, his wife
and children and governess and a crew of
thirty men have never been heard from
since, and Captain Armour was washed
overboard and drowned, The Inchcape
Rock reached her destination a wreck of
her former self, and had to be thoroughly
overhauled before she could sail again for
San Francisco.
"The gale in which the Lord Raglan
went down and the Inchcape Rock was
gutted must have been a terrific one,"
said Captain Wilson yesterday. "Captain
Armour was on the bridge and Mate Car
son was forward looking after some work
that had to be done. The man at the
wheel saw an enormous sea coming tow
ering along behind, and in his fright he
let go the wheel and started to run. Cap
tain Armour made a run for the tiller, but
before he reached it the ship broached to
and the waves had command. The cap
tain, the cowardly sailor and an appren
tice were washed overboard. The steward
was caught in the wreck in the cabin, and
the splintered timbers simply tore him to
pieces. After the gale went down all that
was left of him was picked up in different
part* of the ship, sewed up in a sack and
consigned to the deep."
The chronometer, charts and everything
else went with the woodwork, so Carson
had to signal the first vessel he met.
From her he got the necessary instru
ments and finally reached England. The
Inchcape Rock was then refitted and once
more started running to San Francisco.
She is one of the best appointed vessels
in port and Captain Wilson is justly
proud of her. She has a novelty aboard
in the shape of about fifteen hens that
came from the Transvaal, but Steward
Atkinson says that they are no better
than the ordinary American variety and
that tney do not lay as well. Captain
Wilson, however, insists that they are
bigger and more prolific than the general
hen and that the eggs taste richer and
have a finer flavor — that is, all that the
sailors leave for the cabin table.
As Captain Wilson was pointing out the
beauties of his ship yesterday the British
ship Craigend came sailing up the bay.
She had a fair winu and Captain Lewth
waite made use of it to sail in and save a
$200 towboat bi',l. The Craigend has been
131 days getting in from Newcastle, Eng
land, and in latitude 13 north longitude
2b' west she was spoken by the Inchcape
Rock. Captain Wilson at once hoisted
his flags, welcoming the new arrival.
CONVICT-MADE GOODS.
The National Manufacturers' Associa
tion at Chicago Will Act Upon
the Matter.
Labor Commissioner E. L. Fitzgerald
will start for the East within a week or
two to investigate the question of convict
made goods that are shipped to this State
and sold in competition with goods made
by free labor. It was his intention to be
present at the convention of the National
Manufacturers' Association, which will be
held in Chicago a little later in this month.
However, he will not be able to reach
Chicago in time to attend the convention,
but lie has seen J. W. Nelson, one of the
delegates, who will leave at once for Chi
cago, and who will represent the Labor
Commissioner. Mr. Nelson is the presi
dent of the Oakland Preserving Company.
He will introduce for the Labor Commis
sioner the following resolution relative to
convict- made goods:
Whereas, The manufacturers of the United
States in convention assembled have under
consideration the manufacture of commercial
articles by convict labor, and it is showed that
the said convict labor is a menace to the wel
fare of the manufacturing and laboring inter
ests of the country ; and whereas, the sense of
this convention is that while we recognize the
necessity of keeping the convicts employed in
such institutions, in order that the mental and
physical condition of the inmates may not be
come impaired, and the revenue derived from
their labor tends to make the said institutions
self-sustaining, we deplore the effect the sur
plus amount of 6uch manufactured articles
causes when the same are placed on sale in our
markets in competition with the fabric of free
laoor; and whereas, the saia convict-made
goods are sold in open competition with tree
made goods, without brand or other distin
guishing mark of identification; tnererore,
be it
Resolved, That the Legislature of every State
be and is hereby respectfully requested to
enact the necessary measure to compel the
proper branding of the said prison-made arti
cles and that each political party be respect-
fully requested to pledge Its legislative candi
dates to support this measure, and be it further
Resolved, That the secretary be ana is hereby
I directed to transmit a copy of these resolu-
I tions to the Secretary of State and to the
chairman of the central committee of each
political party in every Stato in the Union.
UNION STOCKYARD CASE
B. Fernandez Suing Tormey and
Wife for Sixty Thousand
Dollars.
Defendant Is President of the Big
Cattle Company in Contra
Costa County.
The trial of the Union Stockyard case
began at Martinez yesterday.
It is a litigation involving $62,000, and
before a conclusion is reached it is ex
pected there will be many interesting if
not sensational facts brought out con
cerning the company.
Bernardo Fernandez, a wealthy resident
of Contra Costa County, is the plaintiff,
and Patrick Tormey, president of the
Union Stockyard Company, is the de
fendant. The suit may be regarded as an
outgrowth of the foreclosure on $250,000
worth of the company's bonds by the Safe
Deposit and Trust Company some time
ago.
The present suit, however, is in fore
closure of a mortgage in the sum of $62,
--742 12, held by Fernandez against Tormey.
It was made in August, 1893, to secure
Fernandez on a promissory note for the
amount named. Lands of extensive acre
age in Contra Costa County are covered by
the mortgage, and they were originally
pledged to secure Fernandez against any
loss which might occur by reason of his
assigning a certain note, executed by
Annie Tormey, defendant's wife and also
co-defendant, in favor of Harry Rogers.
Tormey, as president of the stockyard
company, had occasion to borrow large
sums of money from time to time, and
Rogers is one of the capitalists from
whom he Becured a heavy loan. The
money was not borrowed all at once, but
was advanced in smaller sums.
Fernandez, the wealthy Spanish land
owner, came to the assistance of his friend
Tormey and assumed the payment of sev
eral of the notes, for which he was secured
by the mortgage as already described.
"Messrs. Booth and Bartnett of the firm
of Gunnison, Booth <fe Bartnett, represent
ing the plaintiff, left for Martinez yester
day, as did representatives of the firm of
Stanly, Hayes & Bradley which is look
ing after the interests of Mr. Tormey. The
suit will be tried before Judge John P.
Jones of the Superior Court" of Contra
Costa County.
The principal point at issue is as to the
value of the property. It is asserted that
the lands covered by the mortgage have
diminished in value.
Sebastopol Was Not Impregnable,
For it was taken by assault, but a physique built
up, a constitution fortllied by Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters, may bid defiance to the assaults of mala
rious disease even in localities where it is most
prevalent and malignant. Emigrants to the ague
breoding sections of the West should bear this in
mind, and start with a supply. The Bitters
promptly subdues dyspepsia, rheumatic and kid
ney complaints, nervousness, constipation and bil
iousness.
NEW TO-DAT.
/ ROUNDED \ IWW*>llijgl / HEAPING \
\ spoonfuls/ rvfiiivi v^sup* j
Vrequired/ Vspoqnfuls/
>s^^x the best. that money can buy.n^
NEW DAYBREAK BURGLARS
Montgomery & Co.'s Grocery-Store
Robbed of Much Valu
able Produce.
HAULED OFF IX A WAGON.
The Neighborhood of Third and How
ard Terrorized— Looking for a
Peddlers' Fence.
Quite a new, if not entirely original,
brand of thief and housebreaker has
broken out in the Mission district. He
come 3in the early morning, with a horse
and wagon, and pries open the front door
and calmly helps himself to whatever is
at hand. He makes a specialty of grocery
stores, and he usually has several confeder
ates.
He operated to a considerable extent last
Saturday morning, between 6 and 7 o'clock,
on the grocery-store of Montgomery &Co.,
at 118 Third street.
The robbers broke in the front door with
a jimmy and then hauled off a lot of hams,
several boxes of butter, sacks of coffee,
boxes of tea, canned goods, honey and
numerous other articles. Aside from this
they opened the cash-register and took all
tne small coin it contained. This was less
than $50. In opening the front door the
burglars broke a plate-glass window, which
fell with a crash that did not escape the
notice of one of the men in Wanne
macher's butcher-shop across the street.
It was still quite dark and the butcher sent
his boy over to the store to see what was
the matter. The boy found two men in
the grocery-store carrying out parcels and
loading them on a wagon. This did not
seem an unusual proceedure to him, and he
returned to his employer.
"They're opening up pretty early," said
the butcher, when he heard the boy's re
port, but he did not think that very
strange, because it was Saturday morning
and within half an hour or so of the usual
time for Montgomery's store to open.
This is one of the best equipped groceries
in that part of the city and the burglars
made quite a haul. Mr. Gordon, one of
the proprietors, who was seen yesterday,
said he could hardly tell how much the
thieves eot away with unless he should go
over the whole stock. "When our clerks
got here in the morning they found the
front doors pulled to and a box of tea
standing near by. The thieves had either
been frightened away before they could load
this tea on the wagon, or else they had the
wagon so full it could hold no more."
The police have managed to keep the
case quiet until now, but for all their
secrecy they have caught no one and have
no idea as to the identity of the burglars.
The detectives are searching for a fence
which buys groceries and provisions, and
think that if one of these can be located it
will not be hard to find the burglars them
selves.
It is thought there must be some place
where this class of goods can be sold to ad
vantage, for the burglars would hardly
dare peddle the goods in the street. This
is especially true in the case of the butter
stolen. It would be a suspicious circum
stance at this time of the year to rind a
street-peddler selling butter, and he would
be arrested on sight.
Mr. Gordon is of the opinion that there
must be a fence where groceries can be
sold, for a good many groceries are being
stolen in this City all the time. Much is
stolon in broad daylight, he says, from the
delivery-wagons, especially in the neigh
borhood of Kearny, Post and Geary streets,
so thai it has become necessary to send
two men out with the wagon, one to go
into the houses and deliver the goods
while the other watches the wagon.
On the same nieht that the burglars op
erated on Montgomery's store there were
four or five other burglaries in the neigh
borhood, and but one of the culprits was
caught. He was found running away with
a demijohn from Ryan's saloon at Third
and Tehama streets.
Earlier in the morning the Builders'
Exchange, on New Montgomery street,
near Mission, was broken into and looted
to a considerable extent, while a saloon on
Mission street, near Fourth, was entered
and the cash-register emptied. It is not
thought that these depredations were the
work of the same men, but that they all
belong to the same gang, which has been
operating in this part of the City all win
ter, with considerable success to them
selves, much loss to the inhabitants, and
in little fear of molestation by the police.
RAILEOAD CONSOLIDATION.
The Annual Meeting of the S. F. and
N. P. R. R. Co. Will Be Postponed.
Considerable interest has been mani
fested as to what will take place at the an
nual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
Company, called for 2 o'clock this after
noon.
According to the original plan it was
proposed by combining the vote of Sidney
V. Smith, who controls 12,333 shares, with
that of the North Pacific Coast Railway
Company, which controls 18,000 shares, to
elect a new board of directors and officers
and to consolidate the interests of the two
competing lines.
This plan, however, received a check by
the action of President A. W. Foster and
other stockholders, who last week secured
a temporary injunction from the Marin
County Superior Court restraining Mr.
Smith from voting his stock as he wishes,
the injunction having been granted on the
showing made by the plaintiffs that Mr.
Smith had three years ago signed a con
tract agreeing to vote his shares as a block
with those of Mr. Foster and Andrew
Maruham, who own or control an equal
number of shares with Mr. Smith.
But despite these unexpected develop
ments the meeting will be held as first an
nounced, but will be at once adjourned for
two or three weeks to await the result of
the pending litigation.
Mr. Smith is preparine his answer to the
complaint tiled by his former colleagues
and expects to have it ready a day or two
before the hearing of the case, which is set
for the coming Saturday in Judge An
celotti's court at San Rafael.
Hydraulic Mines.
At the meeting of the Debris Commission
yesterday permits were given to operate the
following hydraulic mines: Manzanita mine
near San Juan, Nevada County ; Jay Hinl mine
near Comptonvilie, Yuba County; Kanaka
Flat mine near Spanish Ranch, Plu mas County;
Adkins mine near Mono, Shasta County.
Not Dolan of Sixth Street.
Thomas Dolan, 137J^ Sixth street, wishes to
have it understood that he is not the Dolan ar
rested on Sunday for petty larceny. The ar»
rested Dolan lived at 134 Seventh street.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.'
rRICDLAnQLR.OOTTIQD«i &■ Ltiir3A.non*nA«Wj--
ENGLAND'S DOES
GREAT NOT
FLEET COMPARE
WITH THE GREAT
You Can See To-night in
"'THE ENSIGN!"
A STUPENDOUS PRODUCTION
- BY THK
Monday Next-"MEN AND WOMEN.*'
First Time Here by the Frawley Company.
V THEATRE ">»•*•
JOYOUS RETURN
they IN I TO-NIGHT
fo°ur d ni n I Matinee Sat'day
DEEP KjLmU I •_
LAST
night KENTUCKY!
Th« Pickaninny i The Glorious
BRASS BAND | IIORSE RACE
±S % ' ALCAZAR
- L.^*r\£ m^\ l\
COMPLETE AND OVERWHELMING
TRIUMPH OF
THE WOLVES
OF NEW YORK!
ROOF-RAISING APPLAUSE !
VEST-SPLITTING MERRIMENT!
hOUL-SOFTENING SYMPATHY!
Nigrht Prices— lOc. 15c. 25c, 35c, sOc.
Matinees— Wednesday "Pop," Ice Cream
and Hooks Free to All : Saturday and
and Sunday. Prices— lOc, 1 Be, 25c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
SIRS. .LRNILSTiN-K KEELING Proprietor A. -VlaH4g«
EVERY EVENING
THIRD EDITION THIRD EDITION
Of the Beautiful Spectacle,
"IXION!" "IXION!"
Or, THE MAN OF THE WHEEL.
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCES! .
• NEW SPECIALTIES!
NEW LOCALISMS!
IN PREPARATION
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE!"
A New American Opera in Three Acts.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROCCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production in San Francisco of James Haa-
Kins' Great Melodrama,
"A MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY!"
"i ' A Story of Louisiana During
the Civil War.
Kvstn-in-o Prices— 2sc and flOo.
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Po vail.
OVERWHELMING SUCCESS OF
OUR BRILLIANT NEW COMPANY !
© ItfE'TOr STARS! 9
RACHEL WALKER,
SISTERS DE VAN,
SISTERS DE WITT,
HOWLEY AND DOYLE,
FONTE BOM BROTHERS,
ETC., ETC., ETC.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera cnalrt
and Box seats, 50c.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
MARIE WAINWKIGHT !
To-night "AN UNEQUAL MATCH/
Wednesday. "Camille." Secure seats.
CLOSED TO-DAY. TO-MORROW
Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS
Children (including a Merry-00-ltonnd Hide), 10c
GUILD OF ARTS AND CRAFTS
EXHIBITION
or
BOOKS AND PRINTING
424 X=»ixx© Street,
January 2Oth to 25th, Inclusive,
'■;'• 10 a. m. to 6 r. M., 7:30 to 10:30 p. m.
Admission— — 35 Cents.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track). ' -
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
. (KAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION 81.00.
i Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Towa>
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. st
Fare for round trip, Including admission to grand
stand, $1. . Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. S. LEA XX,
President. Secretary. *.
78
FATHER YORKE TO
JOHN S. HITTELL.
The Priest Says Hittell
Made Fraudulent Quo
tations.
FOBGERY IS CHARGED.
Another Letter to Dr. Wendte
on the Doctrine of Church
and State.
H. W. BOWMAN WRITES AGAIN.
He Declares the Popes Have Caused the
Ruin of Ireland, Italy
and Spain.
The Roy. Father Yorke, writing in an
swer to John S. Hittell, says:
January 20, 189 G.
To the Editor of the San Fravcisco Call— Dear
Sir: John S. Hittell has waxed virtuously
indignant that I should doubt his infallibility
or his references. It is wonderful that the
men who raye most violently against the in
fallibility of the Tope prove to be the most
touchy when their own inerrancy is called in
question, in answer to my objections he has
merely reiterated his assertions and pleads
as>a bar to all future proceedings the benefit he
has conferred on tnis community by shedding
on it the light of his countenance for more
than forty years.
THAT QUOTATION.
In the course of my argument with Dr.
Wendte I was compelled to challenge the
authenticity of certain quotations. Eight of
these were taken from Mr. Hittell's book, and
on Mr. Hittell Dr. Wendte throw the responsi
bility. Of these eight quotations Mr. Hittell
now* magnincenUy meanders into print to
verify two. lie says:
The doctrine of Aquinas is that "the power
of all temporal princes derives its strength
and efficacy solely from the spiritual power of
the Popes," and I refer to Doellinger's "Fables
Respecting the Popes of the Middle Ages"'
(English translation), page 153. I might have
cited also Gregorovius' "History of Medieval
Rome," in German, page 117, volume VI. I
did not refer to tne Latin of Aquinas, because
the Doak is rare, and the general readers for
whom my treatise was intended could not
verify the accuracy of my citation. My for
gery consists in quoting word lor word from
Doellinger in the English translation.
This answer w as called out by two assertions
■which I made concerning Mr. Hittell's citation.
On the 15th I wrote:
"1. As a matter of fact the reference [of Mr.
Hittell] is a fraud. Doellinger does not refer to
Thomas Aquinas at all, and he makes no quo
tation whatsoever."
On the 17th I wrote:
"2. The trouble Is that Doeilinger does not
say what Hittell makes him say. In other
■words, Hittell has been guilty of forgery pure
and simple.' 1
Now, there is only one way to settle this mat
ter, and that way is to put Mr. Hittell's quota
tion and the original side by side. This Ido in
parallel columns:
IMIELLINGER.
The Dominican, Tolo
i meo of Lucca, author of
j the two lasi hooks of
! the work "De Ttegimtne
i Prlnclpom," tne first
, two hooks of which are
by Thomas Aquinas,
: goes beyond his prede
j cessors and explains
I the Donation as a tor
! mal abdication of Con
stantine in favor of Syl
vester: and connecting
wftta this other histori
cal circumstances
I which are either inven
tions or misconceptions.
j he thence draws the
i conclusion that the
. power of all temporal
! princ*-s derives Its
strength and efficacy
solely from the spiritual
power of the Popes.
HITTELU
Thomas Aquinas, the
frrcatest among the doc
tors of the church,
teaches that "the power
of all temporal princes
derives Its strength and
efficacy solely from the
spiritual power of the
fopes."
Concerning this quotation the judicious
reader will at once remark that Doellinger
does not ascribe the doctrine to Aquinas but
to Tolomeo de Lucca.
Hence, when Mr. Hittell gives it as the teach
ing of Thomas Aquinas, he proves that either
he cannot read English or that he is con
sciously dishonest.
Moreover, Doellinger does not pretend to
quote from Tolomeo. As> a matter of fact,
there is no sentence in the four books "De Regi
minePrincipum" which bears any resemblance
to Doellinger's phrase. Doellinger gives in
nis own words what he conceived to be the
doctrine of Toiomeo, and Hitte.ll takes Doel
linger's words, vouches for them by inverted
commas and puts them in the mouth of St.
Thomas. If this is not forgery, I should liJie
to know what is.
A RAP.A AVIS.
Mr. Hittell tries to excuse himself by saying
that he did not refer to the Latin of Aquinas
because the book is rare. The book is not rare.
At half an hour's notice I can get a dozeri edi
tions in this City alone. Three or four dollars
will purchase a set of all St. Thomas' works
through any bookseller. That a man with pre
tentions to scholarship should say that "De
Regimine Principuin" is a rare book is -.auta
mount to a confession of a deplorable unac
quaintance with bibliography. I have my own
opinion about the real reason why Mr. Hittell
did not refer to Aquinas. I believe he could
not translate it.
It is not necessary for me to enter on an ex
amination of that work to show that the au
thors ao not hold the opinions attributed to
them by Doellncger or Gresrorovius. Both
these writers were advocating a theory which
Manning has successfully demolished. Both
were interested in proving that the Popes
had made claim to a direct temporal
supremacy, and neither was above torturing
sentences to evoke a confession in accordance
with their theories. When Mr. Hittell gives
evidence that he has read the original work
and tries to show that their theories are
correct then I will undertake to answer him.
But as the question now stands I have proven
him either grossly ignorant or designedly dis
honest. By the laws of logic lam compelled to
do no more.
A KEY TO A CRITICISM.
As a certificate of character Mr. Hittell pro
duces a criticism of his book which appeared
in the Westminster Review. With his usual
ingenuity he only quoted what suited him.
He stopped short where he discovered that the
reviewer was laughing at him. The well
known contempt with which the English Lib
erals regard Exeter Hali, the London Metro
politan Temple, is the key to the interpreta
tion of the.-c words wliich Mr. Hittell was care
ful to omit.
"This book will be found a useful armory for
the ultra-l'rotestant lecturer or preacher."
The Monitor closed its criticism with the
very same idea :
"By the A. P. A. and kindred societies J. S.
Hittell will be hailed as a benefactor. The
stock of patriotic forgeries has never been very
diversified and at present is running low. The
bogus bulls and blood-curdling encyclicals
have outlived their usefulness. Quite a new
harvest may be gleaned from the
pages ' of J. S. Hittell. Of course
we must confess that there are too
many dictionary terms in the book for the
American patriots to get over by judicious
skipping. But if J. S. Hittell could be
persuaded to breat up a few of the chapters
into words of one syllable we believe his work
would have an instantaneous success as a
patriotic document."
MX. HITTELL'S SENTIMENTS.
Let me quote a few passages at random from
the book to show the truth of these remarks
This it Mr. Hindi's description of a Catholic:
"The papist is an intellectual monster who
has outlived the medieval (-ulturestep to which
he properly belonged. He has dwelt in a seclu
sion which has not permitted him to under
stand the world as it now is, or to see his own
reflection."
This Is a specimen of his mendacity: -'The
papists assert that the church has exclusive
jurisdiction over marriage; that all State laws
on the subject and all ceremonies performed
under such laws are void, and that Protestants
or Jews living together under the authority of
$uch ceremonies are not married and their
children are not legitimate."
This is how he maligns his neighbors:
"The Papacy commands its lay adherents to
believe without regard to the manner in which
they receive their faith. It forbids them to
discuss the dogmas of the church publicly or
privately; it does not publish doctrinal books
lor them ; it will not allow them to read books
written against the faith or discipline of their
church. The most stupid credulity is to be
preferred infinitely to the most intelligent
doubt."
This is how he concludes: The papacy ft as
provided a den for the most detestable of all
series of rulers, a shelter for the most debased
populace, a stronghold for the most oppressive
administration and a school for train
ing the most skillful of ecclesiastical
forgers. It has fostered evil for
the purpose of profiting from the
helplessness and the misery of the people. It
has cherished the maxim that man's adversity
is the priest's opportunity, and it has done its
utmost to re-luce humanity to deepest adver
sity. But the days of its triumph have passed
to return no more forever; it is marching in
disgrace to a dishonored grave, cursed as the
great infamy of modern times by an enlight
ened public opinion.' 1
A CHARACTER SKETCH.
With these opinions before him the fair
minded American can judge of the sincerity of
John Hittell when he expresses his opinion
that his forty years' residence in this com
munity should give him immunity from anim
adversions of a "sacerdotal fraud." I ven
ture to express my opinion that his forty years'
residence in this community should have pre
served him from the crime which caused tlH'se
animadversions. He came here when San
Krnncisco was but a village and
under his eyes it has grown to be a great city.
The men who were the prime factors in the
making of this metropolis were not unknown
to him. Among them were many Catholics,
and Mr. Hltlcll's memory cannot conjure up an I
instance when these men wore untrue to the I
obligations of their citizenship. With
many of them he was on terms of
familiar intercourse. He knew that they
were loyal to their creed, and he knew
that often with much sacrifice they had i
labored to build up the walls of Jerusalem in |
this new land. Of the heads of the church in j
California he knew what all men knew, thav i
their life was without stain, their conversation
blameless. If I mistake not, he felt once upon
a time proud to enjoy the friendship of Cath
olics, and it may be that he is not entirely free !
from at least the obligations of gratitude to !
men whose children he now derides. Yet
in the face of all this in his old
age he comes before the world with
a Dook whose pages are packed with insult
ngainst everything his former companions
reverenced. The anti-papist volumes at his
disposal have been eviscerated to foul the
good name of his ancient benefactors. Wnere
argument iails vituperation is at hand, and
his 300 pages of mendacity are clothed in the
literary style affected by longshoremen. His
production is a child of "senility. Weakness is
stamped upon its every line. I.iue a malicious
hag who imagines thebystanders are deriding
her he squats in the streets and blindly gropes
for a stone to hurl at his tormentors. The fee
ble fingers, however, are unable to close over
anything more substantial than mud. Screech
ing and scolding he casts it into the air, but it
only -falls back on himself to defile him more
In the eyes of those whose contemptuous pity
is their only crime. Yours truly,
"P. C. YOEKE.
CHURCH AND STATE.
Father Yorke Beplies to Dr. Wendte
on the Position of His
Church.
The Rev. Father Yorke contributes the
following reply to the Rev. Dr. Wendte:
San Francisco, January 20, 1896.
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: The Rev.
Dr. Wendte grows more surprising everyday.
I understood that in this controversy we were
to discuss principles and arguments. I find,
however, that Dr. Wendte havlnj started out
by demonstrating the nationality of his cook
clinches his contentions by demonstrating the
religious convictions of his tailor. In addition,
he provides me with a mythical biog
raphy, and to accentuate his triumph over
me endows me with the added advantages of
Protestant birth and training. What kind of
a thing Protestant birth may be and what ad
va tages it has over Hindoo birth or Mono
physite birth I cannot imagine. I
always thought we were all born pagans.
However, this advantage I am com
pelled to disclaim. I am afraid Dr.
Wendte's ear bends too readily to the whis
perin sof gossip. The only Protestant blood
in m veins comes from my grandmother's
ereat-great-great-great grandfather. I need
hardly remark that this interesting old gentle
man was dead before I was born. As I under
stand that he was one of Cromwell's troopers I
cannot say that I regret his decease.
I do not imagine that your renders, Mr. Edi
tor, have the slightest interest in my
biography or in Dr. Wendte's kitchen.
From my boyhood I have been on
terms of acquaintance and friendship with
Protestants. My training, however, such as it is,
was received exclusively from Catholic
masters. I would be the last in the -world to
deny the immense services which converts
have rendered the church, but these converts
themselves a'e the readiest to repudiate the
monopoly of brains which Dr. Wendte would
force upon them. In every age God has chosen
bis own instruments to do his own work out of
every nation and belief, but in no age has the
church ceased to be the joyful mother of
children.
QUESTION, DR. WENDTE.
But leaving aside these megacities, let us
come to the ouestion at issue. In my last let
ter I asked Dr. Wendte what he would do if
a Unitarian congregation should come into
collision with a state. That question Dr.
Wendte discreetly leaves unanswered. I do not
intend, however, to allow him the subterfuge
of silence. He insists that we Catholics shall
theoretically provide for every contingency
and turn our theologies into something like
these prophetic almanacs which are so popu
lar in certain sections. All you have to do is
to look up the date and there you will find out
just what is going to happen, such as
marriages, balls, cotillions and other
forms of war. battle and sudden
death. Dr. Wendte grows eloquent on all
kinds of contingencies, and then demands
from us what we are going to do. I put before
him only one supposition and I expect a reply:
What would you do, Dr. Wendte, if a Unitarian
congregation should come in conflict with a
state? Remember, every civil government is a
state, and let us hear your answer.
WHAT I PROVED.
What Dr. Wendte wishes to prove by the few
disjointed remarks he makes upon my exposi
tion of Catholic teaching I cannot conceive.
That teaching was put as clearly as I could
put it, and I tried hard to make my words
direct and clear them of ambiguity. Let me
hum up the chief points of my statement.
1. I stated tnat man had two kinds of inter
ests, temporal interests and spiritual interests.
2. To attain his temporal interests he organ
ized into states.
3. To attain his spiritual interests Christ or
ganized men into a churcn.
4. Church and state are, therefore, by their
very nature separate and distinct.
5. The church is supreme in spiritual mat
ters, the state is supreme in temporal matters.
6. The Pope claims no temporal power over
civil governments.
7. I may now add that his indirect power
over civil governments, of which Dr. Wendte
seems to be so afraid, is neither more nor less
than every man with a conscience claims for
himself and grants to others. On this last
assertion I will not dwell now. When Dr.
Wendte tells me what he would do in case a
Unitarian congregation fell foul of a 6tate I
may go into fuller explanations.
DR. WENDTE'S OBJECTIONS.
Against these statements what argument
does Dr. Wendle bring? Give ear, O San Fran
cisco, and let Oakland hear!
"What we do object to, what every American
and every Protestant repudiates and disclaims,
is the further dictum of the Roman Catholic
church that the Pope of Rome is the Supreme
representative of God on earth, and that all
human governments must subject themselves
to his will."
Now let me ask Dr. Wendte where he found
this to be Catholic teaching. True he pro
duced a catera of quotations from John S,
Hittell, but I have shown that all these quota
tions are spurious, doctored or inapplicable.
Does Dr. Wendte wish to prove me a traitor
on evidence that would put its concocter
in San Quentin if it were offered in a court of
law? Instead of renewing his assault, let him
attend to his demoralized witnesses. When he
has weeded out the maimed, the halt, the
blind, the lame, he may plan another cam
paign. But as it is now, he is in decidedly
bad company and he, not the conduct of the
Pope, is under suspicion.
A SERIOUS PREDICAMENT.
To me this is the most serious aspect of the
whole matter. Dr. Mend te has been betrayed
into employing a number of quotations, which
quotations I have shown to be spurious, garbled
or irrelevant. What is Dr. Wendte to do? His
case depends on the authenticity or the perti- |
nence of these excerpts from Catholic writers.
If they fail his case goes to the wall. He will!
stand in the unenviable position of one who i
attacked the character of his neighbor by the I
same means the Sanhedrim used against
Christ— false witnesses whose testimony was !
not agreeing.
Let me entreat him to face this question like !
a man. It makes no difference what his pri- j
vate opinions are or how charitable his dispo
sition toward us may be. We nre not looking
for cnarity; we demand justice. Dr. Wendte '
has wronged us and he should repair the wrong '
before speaking of "benedictions." Religion is ■
not sentimentality but fairplay. Our duty to j
(iod is not performed by nursing an oppression |
on our diaphragms, but by doing our duty to !
man. If Dr. Wendte has brought false witness I
agaitist us, h£ should never rest until he has j
retracted that testimony. If he has even a rea- j
sonable suspicion that his authorities have !
misled him he cannot salve his conscience by i
merely withdrawing from the controversy.
Dr. Wendte's reputatiou for good faith is at j
stake, and he cannot afford to let judgment go I
by default.
THE CHURCH FOSTERi LIBERTY.
To illustrate my assenions concerning Cath
olic doctrine I produced a few quotations from
Catholic writers as to the limit of the Pope's !
power Dr. Wendte's wild statement that the
Pope of Rome Is the supreme representative
of Goa on earth I contradicted by the words of J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
the Pope himself. The Pope is the supreme
representative of God in spiritual things, the
state is the supreme representative of God in
temporal things. To these wordsof the Pope
| Dr. Wendte vouchsafed no answer.
I remark, however, that the reverend doctor
goes off on a side track. He asserts dogmat
ically: "The true American and Protestant
principle • * * declares that God is indeed
over at', but in the ordering of political society
'the voice of the people is the voice of God.'
This basic axiom of free republican institu
tions Rome has ever denied and opposed."
The assertions contained in that paragraph
could have been uttered only by a tyro in his
tory. Ido not wish to follow Dr. Wendte into
side issues, but I will state here categorically:
1. Popular sovereignty is not a Protestant
principle.
2. The success of Protestantism historically
eventuated in the destruction of the people's
liberties.
3. Roman Catholicism has always favored
and fostered the right of the people to rule.
4. The Jesuits were the chief opponents of
the despotic claims of kings to divine right.
5. Nearly a thousand years before Protes
tantism a Pope had laid down the principle,
"The people made the king, they can also un
make him."
CONCERNING SUAREZ.
Dr. Wendte is very suspicious of Saurez. I
produced the ereat Jesuit to testify that the
Supreme Pontiff has no direct temporal power
over the world except in these provinces of
which he is temporal lord.
Against this testimony Dr. Wendte
sapiently objects that Suarez should say
that the Pope cannot or ought not to" have
direct temporal power over the world.
Can Dr. Wendte be serious? Is the holding
of power a question of tneory or a question of
fact? When we say Congress "does not interfere
with religion, is not our meaning plain? Is it
necessary to use up all the auxiliary verbs in
the language and declare that" congress
"might, ought, could, would or should not
interfere?" When Suarez made the statement
of fact that the Pope had no direct temporal
power, he also covered the question of right.
Dr. Wendte must be hard pressed when he
descends to quibbles.
MANITOBA.
As a diversion Dr. Wendte now de
scends on Manitoba and holds Suarez
and a worldly minded clergy respon
sible for the arresting of free and republi
can institutions. Let me ask Dr. Wendte
are worldly minded clergymen confined to the
Roman Catholic communion. Has not Oak
land given us within the past two years the
spectacle of worldly minded clergymen and
worldly minded members of church societies
up to their necks in politics? Is the genus
unknown in any city, town, village or hamlet
of this country— are they not all with hardly
an exception non-Catholics?
And in Manitoba is it not a fact that all the
fury has been stirred up by the preachers, and
for what? To make a whole province partici
pate in the violation of solemn promises. Is it
republican to ignore treaties? Is it true free
dom to trample on minorities? Doe? it con
duce to advancement to refuse justice? Yet the
majority in Manitoba to-day are backed up by
the preachers and it would appear by Dr.Wendte
stand shameless before trie world and declare
that neither pledge, nor engagement, nor
promise binds which has not the majority
back of it to effect its enforcement. Manitoba
and Dr. Wendte forget that right always
makes a majority and that God does not count
heads when he judges justice.
TAXATION OF CHURCHES.
Dr. Wendte next falls foul of Cardinal Tar
quini. The Cardinal wrote "Civil society, evan
though every member of it be Catholic, is not
subject to the Church, but plainly independent
in temporal things which regard its temporal
end.."
Against this clear statement comes Dr.
Wendte armed with a notice from the old mis
sion of Monterey, which notice anathematized
the taxation ot church property. Now, I
should like to know is this dislike to
taxation a peculiar property of the
Catholic church, or does it flow from
any Catholic doctrine. If I remember rightly
the loudest voice which has been lifted lately
against the taxation of churches has been the
voice of the Methodist Bishop Fitzgerald. It
is the utmost puerility to imagine that a desire
to procure exemption from taxes is a sign of
political ambition. Every man who has a few
acres of young fruit " trees is exempt,
are we therefore in danger of a political
domination from a caste of fruit
growers? Museums and libraries open to the
public are not taxed, i^hall we say that
churches are less beneficial? Of all the hum
bug of this age of humbuggery the cant about
the taxation of churches is the worst. The
whole question is a question of public senti
ment. If any one wishes to raise the question
and to agitate in its favor and to organize an
anti-taxation of churches society, this is a
free country, and every American citizen is
privileged to advocate any measure he pleases.
The howling dervishes who rant «nd rave and
gyrate and prophesy the domination of Rome
are the real enemies to American liberty and
the rights of the citizen.
I might as well say here to Dr. Wendte in re
gard to the taxation of churches that we
Catholics are not growling. The pinch is felt not
by us, because we have the people, but by the
little social clubs yclept churches. Their di
minutive size, their cheerless interior and
their unpatnted boards are testimonies to the
visits of the taxpayer and monuments of stin
giness raised to insult the Lord.
MORE NESCIENCE.
Dr. Wendte must be very unlearned in the
history of toleratiop when he asks, Who was
Bishop Doyle? lam not surprised, however,
at his question, because, after his rendition of
Catholic doctrine, I am prepared for anything.
Bishop Doyle was the great J. K. L.— the man
who prepared the way for Catholic emancipa
tion, and who by his genius elicited lrom the
Duke of Wellington the compliment, "No, sir;
the House of Lords did not examine Dr. Doyle,
but Dr. Doyle examined the House of Lords.*"
Dr. Wendte says why should we take Bishop
Doyle's testimony as against the utterances of
Popes and councils. Here is the old ques
tion again. Produce yonr Popes and coun
cils, Dr. Wendte, and set their utterances
over against the words of J. K. L. We do not
quote bogus popes and stuffed councils. It is easy
enough to make a man of straw and easier still
to knock him down. We are not dealing with
shams; we are dealing with realities. Pro
duce your Catholic doctrine, for you have not
done so yet.
In his vain attempt to defend his gerryman
dering of Bishop Gilmonr's quotation Dr.
Wendte exposes the nakedness of his cause.
Why did he only give a sCrap from the pastoral
when he had the whole document before him?
Was it the same reason which impelled him to
cut off Pope Leo's sentence in the middle, so
that he could fill in with surmises and
innuendo and suspicion? My explanation
of the passage is the simple and natu
ral explanation that Dr. Wendte does
not wish to accept it. He picks on the expres
sion that the church is above the state. Let
me ask him is there no sense in which that ex
pression is true— as true for the Unitarian as
for the Catholic ? Let me again repeat my
question, What would Mr. Wendte do if the
state forbade his congregation to worshipafter
the Unitarian fashion? The answer to this
question I have a right to get from Dr. Wendte.
When he gives it our way will be very clear.
A LAST APPEAL.
I am sorry that Dr. Wendte is thinking of
withdrawing from the controversy. My grief
is increased when I realize that an expectant
world is to be deprived of a sight of the "over
whelming proofs drawn from biography, his
tory, art, science, social and national life"
that Kome is the abomination of desolation.
After his experience with the 11,000 virgins
of Cologne, I remark that Dr. Wendte has
fought shy of physiology. Still he might
have drawn some proofs from geology, botany,
astronomy and conchology, not to mention the
binomial theorem and the theodolite. I regret
exceedingly the doctor's determination. It
would be an inspiring spectacle to behold all
these arts and sciences gloating over the
Roman Gulliver and tying him down to earth
with their liliputian threads. Surely Dr. Wendte
will relent. Let him not be too fearsome.
Of course, it would be a terrible thing to over
throw Rome by one newspaper article, es
pecially an article that b,as been seasoned this
many a year by the dust of the top shelf.
Still, it is possible Rome might survive. Dr.
Wendte does not forget the milk white hind
that was "oft doomed to death, but fated not
to die." P. c. Yokkk.
H. W. BOWMAN'S LETTER.
Ho Holds Rome Responsible for
the Condition of Spain
and Italy.
H. W. Bowman contributes the follow
ing to the controversy:
Office American Patriot, )
819 Market street. (
Editor San Francisco Call — Dear Sir: If
Rome's motto, Semper eadem, be true her past
histoiy wilLgive us a clew to the future. Let
us learn wnat has resulted from the Roman
ization of two mighty nations of EuroDe, Spain
and Italy, and then judge of what the result
would be here. Before doing so we will lay
down a proposition and let the feet of history
prove it. To Romanize is to pauperize. Ro
manism breeds pauperism like a swamp does
mosquitoes. Popery and poverty keep step to
pettier. Papal bums are manufactured in
Papal slums. With them beggary is a fine art
and poverty is a virtue. They set a premium
upon religious laziness and canonize ecclesi
astical tramps. Mental sloth leads to physical
indolence. The church absorbs the wealth of
the people. Protestant industry is the result
of manly independence. Mental stagnation
will pauperize a nation, while freedom of
thought will produce an industrial revolution.
Ireland's poverty is due to her popery. Eng
land is a beehive of industry because lier peo
ple are free. Popery not only makes men
physical paupers but mental and religious
ones also. Rome and rags go together. Ro
manism impoverishes by her vices and by her
misdirected virtues. Property values go down
when Romanists move into town. The Ro
manized quarters of our cities are not as valu
able as the other portions. Komanisin fiour-
I ishes in dirt, disease, ignorance and squalor.
Education is a wealth-producing factor, hence
ignorance and poverty are inseparable allies.
Labor is productive in" proportion to the intel
ligence with which it is carried on. The aesti
tution of the savage is the result of his igno
rance. Let us carefully note what popery has
done for Spain and Italy.
Never was a nation so completely under the
influence of Romanism as Spain. Italy herself,
subdivided into several nations, each having
different tendencies, crossed by hostile armies,
visited by foreigners has not remained so her
metrically sealed against all external influ
ences as Catholic Spain, lounded by Ferdinand,
guarded by a lesion of monks, purged from all
heresy by the Inquisition, and crystallized in
Komanism by policy, by the church and even
Dy the popular instincts. Spain, for three cen
turies under the practical workings of Roman
ism, reduced to a state of torpor by a system of
ignorance, is to-day seeking to burst the bands
?h pa V de spotism and sighing \ot genuine
Spain is unrivaled in respect to natural ad
vantages. On the north she is protected by
the magnificent mountain--,vall of the Pyre
nees; on the south she holds the key of the
Mediterranean, the great highway of com
merce for the world; while the treasure
fraught waves of the Atlantic dash upon her
western shores. Her rich soil well repays
the toil of diligence. Her harvests are bounti
ful. Ihe sunny slopes, when dotted with vine
yards and the valleys with orchards, give it an
added charm. The climate is varied. The
cotton and rice of the tropics and the cereals
of the north can be found in her domains.
Ihe rich vegetation, with the banana,
the olive, the lemon and the orange grove,
make it a semi-tropical paradise. Then
the citron, the mulberry and the sugar cane
vie with the rich fruit of the hollows and the
aromatic shrubs upon her hillsides. Theu her
va.uable mines, so full of precious metals, are
not exhausted yet, and the historic renown of
her people rests like a mantle of glory o'er her
shoulders. Three centuries ago she stood at
the head of the European nations. The splen
dor of ncr successive conquests, the glory of
her colossal empire and the dread of her un
bnaled power wrs the talk of Europe. The
wonderful aiscovery of America by Columbus
had given her the key to the treasures of the
New World. Wealth flowed into her coffers.
Her ports were thronged with richly laden
vessels from Mexico and Peru. Her empire
grew in strength and wealth. Industry re
vived, and the energies of the busy north and
the treasures of the sunny south all
added to her power and influence.
The land swarmed with human lives of indus
try. Towns multiplied and queenly cities
reared their heads. But her splendor has
vanished, her power departed, her conquests
ceased. Her victorious armies are a memory
ot the past, her renowned fleets that once were
the terror of the seas are seen upon the ocean
no more, her far-reaching territorial posses
sions have slipped from her grasp, and the
coffers that once overflowed with wealth are
now empty. The fame of camp and court, of
deeds 01 chivalry and voyages of conquest be
longs to the dim past, What has wrought the
chanse? What baneful influence has blighted
the land?
POPERY HAS BEEN THE CTRSE OF SPAIN.
The frost of Jesuitism blighted the reforma
tion in the bud. The Inquisition brought a
curse upon the land. It is Popery that has re
duced her armies to guerrilla bands, that has
annihilated her navy, withered her commerce,
dried up her wealth and deprived her of her
colonies. Look at Spain to-day! Her political
influence abroad has vanished, and at home
she presents a spectacle of universal corrup
tion. With a bankrupt exchequer, with a soil
only half tilled, with highway 3 without traffic
and overrun with bandits; with harbors desti
tute of ships, with her once splendid cities
crumbling into ruinous decay, with her once
noble people relapsing into femi-barbartsm,
with a corrupt priesthood keeping the people
in ignorance, Spain has sunk to the lowest
deptn of national infamy, where her very
name has become a byword of contempt.
Popery has spoiled Spain— it will spoil America
if given a chance.
The following graphic description of Spain
by Tardlf reveals its true status , under the
I beleiul influence of * Romanism. ~ He says:
j ••Spain is a dispossessed Queen. For two hun
| dred years and more diamonds have been fall
ing from her glittering crown. The source of
her wealth, well or ill gotten, Is exhausted
forever. Her treasures are lost, her colonies
are gone, she is deprived of the prestige of that
external opulence which veiled, or at least
dissembled, her real and utter poverty. The
nation is exhausted to such a degree and has
been so long unhappy that each individual
feels but his own misery. Hi« country has
ceased to exist for him even those times are
gone when guerrillas called the citizens to
arms for the sole and generous purpose
of vindicating the national honor. The
despondency and apathy of the na
tion are visible even in the battles
sought by the bpaniards among themselves in
their civil dissensions. They fight from habit
and discharge their muskets at their country
men because they can do nothing else, and
because every shot from their guns may bring
them a. piece of bread. A nation reduced, to
such a state is low indeed; the chilliness of
death is very near seizing upon its extremi
ties. * * * What would Charles V say if,
rising out of his grave, he saw his great and
glorious Spain struggling thus miserably in
dread uncertainty of her future destinies?
Where are my colonies? Where are my Bata
vian provinces? Where is my gigantic power
and the glory of Spain, which resounded from
one hemisphere to another? What, have .you
done with my inheritance, ye -cowardly and
unskillful men? Where are my treasures;
where the victorious fleets that crossed the
ocean to bring back in profusion to my empire
the gold and gems of the New World?" (pp. 105
to 109).
The inquisition in Spain proved a drag
weight upon her neck to sink her in ruin.
Ecclesiastical tyranny strangled liberty and
crushed out freedom. Ignorance has checked
civilization, and superstition proved a barrier
to progress. Sloth has bred .beggars, and Ro
manism sheltered them in convents and nun
neries. Robbery is reduced to a scientific
practice. Political intrigues and intestine
broils vary the monotony of their national
life. The Missionary Review of the World
bays :
"By the new census of Spain the fact appears
that out of a population of 17,500,000, only a
little over 000,000 can read and write. Six
millions can only read, leaving 12.000,000
who can neither read nor write. Bad as this
showing is, it is little better than in 1877,
when 72 per cent of the population were
found to be unable to read or write." .
Let us turn to Italy and learn what popery
has done for it. Italy is one of the fairest
lands on earth. "- Italy was the mother of
genius and the cradle of the renaissance. *It
was the home of art and poetry; a land of song
and pointing. Dante's somber grandeur was
followed by the soft but brilliant light of Pe
trarch, Ariosto and Boccaccio. The wisdom of
Politian and Galileo was begotten under Ital
ian skies and the genius of Columbus nour
ished there. Cosmo and Lorenzo de' Medici, by
their princely munificence, made Florence a
second Athens, and on the slopes of Fiesoli re
vived the glories of ancient Academia. In the
Augustan age of the Papacy the boundless
wealth of the empire of the Caesars, added to
the spoils of Christendom, made Italy a mine
of riches.
When Leo X was at the head of the Italian
empire it stood at the forefront of the nations.
Rome was the capital of Europe. Thither
flocked the pilgrims. Thence issued- the
decrees of the Vatican. Priests flocked there
in swarms. The voice of Rome was supreme.
But to-day, despite the matchless beauty of its
climate, the marvelous fertility of its soil, the
genius of its sons, its past glory and renown
and its heritage of wealth, Italy is a land of
ruins. The country swarms with bandits.
The land is full of beggars. •. The masses are in
ignorance. The noble Romans have degen
erated into a race of slaves and paupers. The
holy city retains only a shadow of its former,
glory. Desolation sits upon its ruined palaces.
The politics of Italy are foul with corruption.
Social rottenness and religious gangrene mark
its decayed state.
What has caused its downfall? There is only
one answer: Popery and the priests 1 Up to
1870 popery enjoyed the whole territory to
herself; heresy was crushed out as soon us It
reared its head. Her creed was uninjured by
dissension, and no Protestant churches pol
luted her sacred soil. There was nothing there
to thwart the benign influence of Romanism,
or to prevent the full and perfect development
of her doctrines in the personal, domestic and
social state of the Italian people. If Roman
ism can elevate a nation, its birthplace and
headquarters is the place where we would ex
pect to see the grandest example of its powers.
How much did it elevate Italy? Let writers
who visited it prior to 1870 testify. ■ Says one :
'•The life of the Italian is little more than an
animal one, and he is not much better than an
ape endowed with speech. There is nowhere a
spark of originality and truthfulness. Slavery
and misery have even extinguished .- acute
susceptibility to ; sensual - enjoyments, and
there is, I am sure, no people upon earth more
thoroughly ennui and oppressed with the
burden .of their . own existence than «■' the
Romans. Their whole life is a vegetation."—
Niebuhr. Dr.-Wylie in his ; book, "Tne
Awakening of Italy," says: "Italy at this hour
(July, 1864) is a land of strange anomalies. It
whole condition is abnormal. . Its sleep is past,
and yet it is not awakened; it is awakening.
Full vision is not yet restored to it, and every
thing it sees appears inverted and distorted.
One half the nation is alive ; | the other half lis
dead— yet in its tomb. Italy reminds us of
the picture which Milton has drawn of the lion
in the act of springing into life:
Now half appeared * .
The tawny lion, pawing to get free ■■'
His hinder parts; then springs as • broke from
bonds • :
And, rampant, shakes his brinded mane.
"So with Italy. The head and upper parts
of the nation are risen, but the lower extremi
ties sticls fast in the mire, and hard, indeed,
will be die task of extricating tnera from the
ignorance and barbarism of ages. To herself
Italy is and must be an enigma. Newly awak
ened from long sleep, failing to comprehend
the new world into which she has been ush
ered, and the relations in which she stands to
tt| she finds on every band anomalies that
perplex her. She has brought back from the
grave the dreams of old dominion. But how
reconcile this with the fact that, so from being
mistress of the world, she is not mistress on
her own soil. She is, or was, the
mother of arts; why, then, is she
under the necessity of inviting the
stranger to teach her to weave, to plant,
to guide the wheel and to ply the force ? Her
factories are superintended, her railroads are
laid down, her ships are built, her cannons are
bored by foreign skill, mainly by that of Brit
ish artisans. Why has her right hand forgot its
cunning? Her dwelling is in the fatness of the
earth, her land is the land of corn and wine,
why then are so many of her children in want
of bread? Why amid her noble villages, her
vineyards and her olive woods do we meet so
many spectacles of misery and poverty ? Why
is this Eden of hers, whose skies are so fair,
whose air is so balmy and whose scenery is so
grand, haunted by so many human beings,
pale, emaciated, sickly, and whose sunken
cheeks and hollow eyes proclaim that they are
pinched by hunger and worn down by toil?
whence springs the contrast between the
physical beauties of this land and the horrors
that darken it? There is a cause, and it, is not
tar to seek." (Pages 33-34.)
Dr. Wylie then proceeds to prove that popery
is the cause of Italy's ruin. He says; "It is
the evil genius that presses down her coffin
lid." • * • "A regenerated land, bright
with intelligence and virtue, should have been
the glory of the church, the brightest jewel in
the tiara of the Pope. Has the Papacy so ac
counted it? No; the spectacle of a rising and
renovated country has afflicted the church
with inconsolable grief. Sight terrible and
appalling; she has saluted it with anathema.
Strange alternative it must seem to Italy: if
the country go forward the church must per
ish and if the church triumph the nation
must go back to its grave." •
In a remarkable book written by John
Alberger and entitled "Monks, Popes and
Their Intrigues," the following graphic de
scription of the evil effects of Romanism in
Italy occurs: "When we turn our eyes to its
late condition in Italy and see in the nine
teenth century, under its authority, the in
quisition at its bloody work; the study of
philosophy banished from the universities;
no book allowed lo be published or imported
except such as meet the approval of bigoted
censors; the Government sustained only by
suppressing insurrection; the prisons crowded
with heretics; political offenders cruelly put
to death; the nation struggling for freedom,
but bound in the fetters of despotism— good
heavens ! What a scourge is it and has it been
to mankind. * * * A land once prosperous
now choked up arid oppressed with the
ruins of its former greatness; fields once
fertile now turned into barren wastes; a peo
ple once the most valiant, polished and civil
ized, now the most debased, rude and imbecile;
with ancestors that governed the world, now
not able to govern themselves; a common
wealth of kings, now a commonwealth of
slaves; where for liberty Cicero pleaded, Brutus
stabbed and Cato died, now a Pope curses, an
inquisition murders and prisons reverberate
with the groans of patriots and freemen.
These, O patriots! are the eternal monuments
that commemorate the progress and achieve
ments of the papal monarchy. The usurper of
ail rights, the sanctifier of all wrongs, the
shrine of bigotry, the model of despotism, the
church now stands reaffirming the crimes and
errors of centuries, and is thirsting for an op
portunity of repeating its past horrible his
tory." (Page 224.)
The condition 01 affairs in Rome when Pio
Nono ruled in his tyrannical glory and his
throne was bolstered up by French bayonets is
thus graphically described by a writer in the
London Times:
Mix, then, gradually— but with exceeding caa
tion—with the Italians who inhabit this holy town,
and learn from them the meaning of their lives.
Yon will doubtless meet with exaggeration
enough— possibly with falsehood — but on the whole
therp will be such a concurrence of testimony in
proof of the unutterable turpitude and atrocious
tyranny of the Papal Oovernment thai no indiffer
ent person could refuse acquiescence in the testi
mony produced. But, if words win not convince
your mind, look around you ! What you see— that
sceue of ruin and desolation— that hotbed of fever,
with its stenches and miasmas, was once the cap
ital of the world. When heathens held it,
and the high priest, with the silent vir
gin by his side, ascended the Capitol in
honor of Jupiter, Rome was supreme among the
nations. In the hands of Christians, and when
the self-styled Prince of the Faithful on each re
turning taster day ascends the balcony of St.
Peter's to bless the Holy City, what has not Home
become? If it be the case, as all history appears
to suKgest, that nations and kingdoms, even as
men do, perish and decay from the effect of their
own vices and corruptions, surely the sentence of
condemnation has been branded deeply enough
upon the brow of Pontifical Home. But the ruin,
and the sickness, and the poverty, and the desola
tion above crouud are as nothing compared with
what passes in the Interior of those Roman houses
and in tl-.« dungeons, the dark secrets of which are
but occasionally revealed by the few prisoners
who ever escape from their chains to tell the tale-
We have not space nor time just now to enter
upon the subject, but it has been well ascertained
that within the last few years horrors have
been enacted in the Roman prisons for which
parallels must be sought In the dungeons of the
Spanish Inquisition when that tribunal was at its
worst. But the physical torture— no! nor the im
prisonment of hundreds and thousands of inno
cent men— is not all. Worse, far worse, than this
is the unutterable moral pollution which overflows'
upon every wretched cottage and miserable lodg
ing in this papal laud. Get some KOman who has
accorded you hia tairly confidence to sit by your
side under an old archway, when the hot air and
bright sun of Central Italy drive you to some cool
shelter, and there hear what he tins to say of the
uoinss of yonder sable-stoled priests, who sweep
past you in silence and in gloom. Hear his story
of what priests do at Rome, where they are om
nipotent, and you will see reasons to be thankful
that your lot was not cast among the pollutions to
which every Roman born is subject— he and his
family. Civis Komanus sum! How pathetic a
complaint do the worJs now imply: how much
misery is involved In that brief phrase!
We, of course, can only concern ourselves with
the story of morlern Rome as a political question.
The Pope of Home to us is but a temporal Prince,
who grievously oppres-ses his miserable 6ub.k-i.ts,
ana whose misd- eds ore likely to hurry on that ex
plosion in Central Italy which sooner or later
must come. The French garrison has been re
duced, and the Pop?, in a fr gbt, has sent off for
another Swiss regiment to guard him Irom the
consequences of the too enthusiastic loyalty of his
subjects. The police espionage of Rome lias been
screwed up to the level of that of Nap Us. The
project for withdrawing the paper currency has
proved a failure. Every obstacle is thrown in the
way of those who would carry out the projected
railroads; for the CarJlnals have come to the
conclusion that the instant their wreicbed serfs
begin to travel and mix with their fellow-creatures
there is an end of their dominion. Only think of
what the condition of that population must De,
which may become too enlightened by contact
with the lazzaroni of Xaples! He would be a bold
man who should venture to predict with absolute
certainty the moment when that power which has
held the human race in thralldomforso many cen
turies shall fall to rise no more; but certainly the
foundations of the Papacy, as a temporal power,
appear sadly shaken just now. Were the French
garrison withdrawn to-morrow, the next day Pio
rsono might reckon himself fortunate If he escaped
the veng-anee of his subjects in the most cunning
disguise which the craft of bis advisers could
sugges .
The intolerable tyranny of the Vatican led
to its final overthrow, and since 1870, the
Pope has styled himself a "prisoner in the
Vatican." The Italians hate the Papacy so bad
that they have even raised the cry, "Down with
the Pope!" "Burn the Vatican!" There is a
society in Rome called the "Alfieri Society."
Its object may be seen by referring to its ar
ticles of agreement. Article V reads as fol
lows:
"To devise and prosecute the abolition of Papacy,
the removal of the Pope from Home and the sup
pression of the civil rights of thepiiests." Article
VI reads: "In case of foreign war, the society
shall proceed to operate upon its field of action,
even before hostilities shall have been formally de
clared; first, by burning as many churches as
possible and especially the Vatican ; second, in com
pelling all priests ana those who«e principles are
manifestly hostile to the nation, to emigrate; and
third, in exciting the masses to the historic tradi
tions of the Sicilian Vespers."
Dean Alford, writing from Rome just prior
to its occupation by\ictor Emmanuel, said:
"It is not too much to say that the present
moral and religious state of Rome is a foul blot
on modern Christendom and hardly to be par
alleled even among the darkest passages in
the history of our race. It is the worst city in
the civilized world."
Said Victor Hugo: "Italy, which has taught
mankind how to read, now knows not how to
read! Yes, Italy is of all the states of Eu
rope that whera the sssaallest number know
how to read."
Such is the fruit of popery! It ruins the in
dividual, the home, the church, the state. It
debases and debauches. It blinds the intellect
and it hardens the heart. It is a cruel des
potism and a heartless persecutor. It was be
gotten by superstition and born of ignorance.
It fattens on crime and waxes strong on
iniquity. It loves darknees and hates the light.
It has do brain to think, no heart to love, no
soul to feel, when pursuing its devilish mis
sion. And this is the system they are trying
to force upon America! It is the purpose of
the Papacy to Romanize America. With such
examples as Spain aud Italy, Mexico and South
America before us it would be an act of in
sanity to allow the Par.aey to control this
country and bring us to the level of past na
tions. H. W. Bowman.
Fostscriptum.— l notice that Priest Yorke
has sought refuge in the theory of Gallicanism
in order to save his church from the charge of
treason. Now, there are a few facts connected
with that theory which are worth knowing.
First— lt is a condemned doctrine. It is not
supported by a single Pope or council.
Second— All the Popes have claimed the
power to depose kings resided in their divine
right, and not in human concessions. -
Third— lt is contrary to the authoritative
teachings of the church, and only held as an
opinion ior controversial purposes.
Fourth— The doctrine of infalibility has com
mitted the church to the maintenance of the
ultramontane view. H. W. Bowman
An engineer on the Midland Railway
was blown off his engine by the wind re
cently while going at full speed without
bis firemin's missing him. He picked
himself up unhurt and walked to the next
station to report.
BACK TO THE COMMITTEE
The Poolroom Ordinance Fails
to Pass the Super
visors.
The Order Prohibiting the Sale of
Burial Lots in the City Limits
Finally Passed.
The Board of Supervisors had its usual
wrestle with the pool-selling problem yes
terday and from the present appearance of
the matter the advocates of the ordinance
which prohibits book-making outside the
confines of racetraks are not yet out of the
woods.
At the last meeting of the board the
ordinance, despite the opposition of the
Supervisors from the First and Twelfth
wards, was sent to print and in order to
get another chance at it the latter voted in
favor of the measure and then gave notice
that he would move for a reconsideration
at the next meeting. When the matter
came up yesterday he claimed his privilege
and moved that the board review its ac
tion. When the question was put there
were only three votes in the negative.
Then Supervisor Benjamin moved that
the matter be referred back to the Health
and Police Committee, stating that several
sections of the ordinance could be changed
to advantage. Supervisor King moved to
amend by referring the order to the Health
and Police and License committees jointly.
King is a member of the latter committee,
as is also Supervisor Wagner, the main
opponent of the ordinance.
Supervisor Dimond protested vigorously
against any such course being taken.
He arraigned the majority for their
laches in regard to the measure, accusing
the members of being afraid of allowing
the order to go to print for fear that the
people would see that the ordinance they
were clamoring for was before the board
and demand its immediate passage.
He ridiculed the idea of placing it before
trie License Committee, pointing out that
thers was nothing in it to give the License
Committee any excuse for considering it.
The continuous delays he considered as an
intentional effort to retard the passage or
secure the rejection of the ordinance for
some purpose not apparent on the surface.
"Why do not the members of this board
come out in a manly way and put them
selves on record in this matter," he said,
"instead of dodging around the bush and
sending this ordinance from one commit
tee to another where it does not belong?"
In spite of his protestations the motion
was adopted by a vote of 8 to 3, Supervisor
Spreckels being absent.
A resolution introduced by Supervisor
Taylor, fixing the compensation of Thomas
Tennant for keeping the City time, as de
noted by the beils of the fire alarm tele
graph, at $25 per month from the Ist day
of January, was adopted.
Supervisor Dunker introduced a resolu
tion, that was adopted, providing that in
future all proposals for buildings for the
Fire Department which may hereafter be
invited must be segregated into the differ
ent lines of work necessary to construct
the building. The resolution also provided
that no bids will be considered unless the
bidder is actually employed in the partic
ular line of work called for.
Walter M. Willett was appointed special
counsel to collect, by suit or otherwise, all
sums of money to which the City and
County may hereafter become entitled
upon bonds for street work given by con
tractors who fail to enter upon the work
awarded them and to collect on the bonds
of the contractors who fail to do their
work according to specifications. His
compensation was fixed at 50 per cent of
the amounts collected.
The petition of Elizabetft Ina Joy to
construct at her own expense a safety
landing on Market street, between the
corner of Market and Powell and tne Par
rott building, for the protection of the
traveling public, was granted on the
recommendation of the Street Committee.
The Superintendent oS Streets was in
structed to recommend the paving with
bituminous rock the number of accepted
blocks and crossings on Folsom street com
mencing at Nineteenth street ana extend
ing easterly therefrom that can be paid for
by the $35,000 recently decided upon by the
Street Committee as available for the work.
The ordinance preventing the further
sale of burial lots in the cemeteries within
the City limits was finally passed without
discussion, Supervisors Taylor, Dimond,
King and Scully voting no. "
IN DEADLY ITALIAN WAR
La Voce and L'ltalia Abusing
Each Other About a Lot of
Abyssinians.
One of the Editors Hurls a Fierce
Ultimatum in the Shape of
a $1000 Bet.
Interest is increasing in the controversy
between the two local Italian papers,
L'ltalia and La Voce del Popolo.
There was a $100 bet between them on
Saturday as to whether the Italian troops
had slain 10,000 Abyssinians before
Makalle or whether the managing editor
of L'ltalia had massacred them in his
editorial rooms on Washington street.
But the amount of the bet has gone up
by leaps and bounds since Saturday, and
according to the quotations last night
La Voce was offering $250 in defense of its
assertion that the massacre was per
petrated in San Francisco and with
printers' ink, while L'ltaha was offering
$1000 in defense of its telegram which said
that red Abyssinian gore had been shed
by 10,000 Abyssinians in one repulse on
Makalle.
La Voce, in commenting on what it calls
"this bloodless massacre," says: "It is
true that a special telegara from Rome
states that during the attack on Makalle
consummated on the Bth inst., th»
Abyssinians suffered a ioss of 10,000 dead"
and wounded.
"We now have the key to the enigma.
This telegram arriving in San Francisco
in one of the Chicago papers on the 15th
or 16th inst. had been reduced ad usum
delphmi by changing the date of sendine
and that of the tight.
"We accept the wager— in fact we raise
the sum to $250-that it be proven that
said telegram was sent out from London
on the 14th and that it arrived in San
i ranciscc through any of the agencies on
that same day, or on the day succeeding
and that no alterations or additions were
made to said telegram. Also that in said
telegram the fight referred to is not that of
January 8, but that of the 13th."
L'ltalia, in response to this, says it is not
a question of date, but of a pound of flesh
so to speak. The 10,000 Abyssinians, were
they slain in Washin-ton street or before
Makalle?
Last night's issue of L'ltalia contained
the followine: "We are ready to bet $1000
that the telegram was genuine and that
before we had it the dispatch was printed
in a reliable newspaper. 1 '
Wish to Sell Now.
The owners of the lots which adjoin the City
property on wiiich the old City Hall is to be re
built sent in a communication yesterday offer
ring to sell the ground for $55,000, which is
the estimate of value made by Expert Ham
mond when employed by the board The
owners formerly a«ked $71,000, but the board
considered this figure too hieh and decided to
build around the structures now standing on
the lots. It is not likely that any attention
will be paid to the latest offer.
A Long Time Between Naps.
David Jones, Elwood's sleepless man,
who three years ago went ninety. one
nights and days without sleep, and who
broke his own record last year by remain
ing awake 131 nights and days, has en
tered upon another period of sleeplessness
which promises to eclipse all former ef
forts. His health does not suffer and his
appetite is always good. He is unable to
reach any satisfactory conclusi6ns relative
to his strange affliction. He has now gone
twenty-one days and nights without sleep,
and he says that ne feols as if he would
never sleep any more. He is now serving
as a Circuit Court juror.— Rochester (Ind.)
Sentinel.
ONE DAY FREE FOR ART
First Friday of Each Month
at Mark Hopkins Insti
tute.
The Trustees Have Adopted a Sugges
tion Made by E. F. Searles and
Named the Day.
At the suggestion of E. F. Searles th«
trustees of the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art have designated one day in each month
for the admission of visitors to the insti
tute without charge.
Accordingly on the first Friday of each
month, day and evening, the people of San
Francisco and all others within the gatea
of the City, without regard to race, age,
color, or previous condition, will have the
privilege of admission to the institute
without cost.
The rights reserved to Mr. Searles under
the deed of trust are here exercised with
the view of bringing the masses into closer
touch with the institute of art on the hill.
Horace G. Platt, who recently returned
from the East, passed a pleasant day at
Mr. Searles' home at Methuen, near Bos
ton. The latter takes a deep interest in
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art and de
sires that it shall be rendered popular in
the community, and that all classes of art
loving people shall have the pleasure of
studying the pictures and other works of
art there on exhibition. In this manner
he expects that the influence of the insti
tution will be widened and a greater meas
ure of popularity attained. His own good
will for the success of the institution has
been expressed in the gifts of many art
treasures from time to time, and men who
know him best and understand his meth
ods predict that he will continue to mani
fest appreciation of the institute.
\ NEW TO-DAT.
H^^^ tftjt ■■ -mJmWlm \mnf tT
f !
I first \
jj Cigar £
\ factory was established in the A
a United States — in Baltimore, by 3?
V a man named Donnegan. The a)
\ product did not resemble the A
7 cigars of to-day much, — neither ?
L in shape, color, mode of ra?nn- *}
i\ facture, or quality. ; To-day— -r»
•P after 65 years, — we have in the' /£
C NEW £
i I €strella \
\ v ■
' a the acme of perfection in cigars. A
j 7 New crop, new light colors, new J
I £ sizes; all mild. J
\i\ 2 for 25c. ioc. 3 for 25c
7 ESBER3, BACHMAN & CO. ?
WHOLCSALCRS " J
TO WEAK MEN
Dr. Sanden Offers a Special
Mode of Treatment Which
Never Fails to Cure.
Dr. Sanden's Belt has the latest
improved regulator, with which the
current can be made mild or strong.
You feel the current as soon as you
apply this Belt, and it is warranted
one year. }7
SPECIAL TREATMENT.
rpHE USE OF DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC
X belt has become so general for all kinds of
nervous and chronic weakness that it haa
urged Dr. Sanden to construct a belt adapted
especially for this class of sufferers.' He has
perfected an appliance which permeates all th«
! vital organs with a steady flow of vital strength,
and is prepared to assure the complete cure ol
all cases of Lost Manhood, Seminal Weakness,
Varicocele, Wasting Weakness, etc. Perma-
nent cures are warranted in three months.
FOUND~~A~ CURE.
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho, October 22, 1895.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I wish you to
publish to the world, so that all may read,
that before I used your Belt I was so run down
with spermatorrhoea, night losses, lame back
and sleeplessness as to be totally unable tc
work, and was altogether impotent. Now, after
rising your belt for four months, my weakness
is all gone, my health has returned and my
complexion is ruddy. I can do any kind of
hard work and am healthy and happy. I
thank you very much for what your Belt and
good advice have done for me. "and beg to re-
main yours truly, • J.A.SNYDEB.
IT WILL CURE YOU.
Before such proofs vas this— and there art
hundreds of others who write the same way—
you must be satisfied that this wonderful Bell
possesses extraordinary curative powers.
"Three Classes of Men," Dr. Sanden's cele-
brated work, with full information, can be had
free on application by mail or at office.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market Street. San Francisco, ;
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours: Bto 6- even-
ings. 7to 8:30. Sundays, 10 to 1. '
Portland (Oregon) office. 235 Washington st.
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLODR
HAS ADVANCED.STILL REELING OFF WORDS
W. W. Foote Aids in the Relay
Reading of the Big Pat
tison Report.
HOW HOPKINS BOXED BOOKS.
Ex-Judge Hayne Objects to Filibus
tering in the Railroad In
junction Case.
The reading of th/testimony in the rail
road's injunction suit against the Railroad
Commissioners proceeded more rapidly
yesterday before Judge McKenna than it
has since it began over a week ago.
There were no new developments, how
ever, of more than passing interest, the
testimony being merely cumulative and
on the line of tne late Senator Stanford's
evidence to the effect that it cost more
than double the money to build the Cen
tral Paciric road that it should have, and
that the large expense was entirely due to
tne fact that the road was built in a great
hurry, and that almost insurmountable
obstacles had to be encountered.
The task of reading the testimony yester
day devolved 0:1 ex-Judge Hayne, AY. \V.
Foote and Assistant Attorney Anderson.
They all read very rapidly, to the evident
satisfaction of Judge McKenna, who is
anxious to get all the evidence in as soon
as possible.
When court opened in the morning ex-
Judge Hayne said he had carefully consid
ered what could be done as to the reading
of the Patuson report and if any part
were eliminated that very part micht be
come material to the argument. It could
not affect the corporation to permit the en
lire testimony; to be considered as read,
and if it was immaterial it couid not hurt
them.
"But, the court should remember," Mr.
Hayne added, ' ; that the Railroad Commis
sioners were tied up and the railroad com
vaiiy was willing to fritter away the time
of the court in this tedious reading."
He asked the court in view of the fact
that the Commissioners|were tied up, to
compel the counsel for the railroad com
pany to facilitate the hearing or to disolve
the injunction. If the injunction were
dissolved, the commissioners were willing
to go at any pace or length. He had no
desire to offend his friends on the other
side, but such filibustering as they in
dulged in should not be allowed to go on.
Attorney Herrin disclaimed any filibus
tering. He said the gentlemen who ap
peared for the Commissioners had im
riored the court to hear them patiently.
It seemed to him unwise to wade through.
a lot of the testimony which had no bear
ing on the issues, when they might have
got their pleadings up, proceeded to the
taking of testimony and had a final decree
almost as soon us they now would have a
decision in the matter of the preliminary
injunction. Hevas quite willing to have
put in what was material and relevant on
both sides, and an adjournment could be
taken for the purpose of the counsel goiug
through all the testimony.
Attorney Hayne contended that if the
railroad company had not that restraining
order it would not be so anxious to read
all the testimony, and he called on the
court to stop it.
Judge McKenna remarked that he had
bat one function, and that was to listen.
He then intimated that he would not ad
journ the case, but would go straight
through with it to the end, aud if neces
sary he would get another Judge to sit in
the Cuu tot Appeals for him. He aid not
feel disposed to arbitrarily exercise his
power in regard to the reading acainst
cither side. However, he suggested that
counsel desist from hereafter reading fig
ures, tables or repetitions.
The testimony of P. S. Douty, either
president or secretary of nearly ail the col
lateral branches of" the Central Pacific,
was taken up several times during the day.
He stated how the Western Development
Company and the Pacific Improvement
Company, although otlicered by the four
s-talwart people of the Central Pacific Coin
panv, had never been operated with tne
lunds of the latter institution. The funds
of these two construction companies were
from the individual pockets of Hunting
ton, Crocker, Hopkins and Stanford.
In answer to Commissioner Anderson's
inquiry as to whether Mr. Douty would
produce th* books of the different branch
organizations of which he was secretary or
[dent bo that their relations with the
ral Pacific Company might be inves
tigated, that gentleman asked to be per
mitted to consult with his attorney, and
subsequently, he refused to permit the
books or papers to be examined.
Daniel Z. Yost, for years the secretary
■ vernor Stanford, testified before the
committee that in lftT.j, at Sacramento, he
saw Mark Hopkins personally boxing up
and nailing or screwing down the top of
boxes tilled with the books and papers of the
Contract and Finance Company. This was
the last seen of these desirable" documents.
Mr. Yost thought they were being boxed
up for the purpose of taking them to the
Pan Francisco otfice of the railroad. Sub
ssqueutly he learned that they were lost.
ne extracts of the testimony given by
Senatoi Stanford were road, to "the effect
that up to 1871 he was under the firm be
lief that the Central Pacific would be able
to liquidate its indebtedness to the United
States Government. But the passage of
the Thurman act, which took the sinking
fund out of the company's hands, and the
granting of facilities to the competing and
parallel roads had proven disastrous. The
Central Pacific, he said, expected to be
Mid the same freight the Government was
in the habit of paying mule trains, but, in
stead of that, only one-eiehth that figure
was received.
In relation to tne building of the road at
heavy expense, the Senator stated that
when Congress gave the permission for the
Union Pacific and Central Pacific roads to
be built everything had to be rushed. If
the Central Pacific had taken all the time
allowed it by the Government the Union
Pacific would have outrun it in the race
for mileage and would have been built
clear from Council Bluffs to the California
line.
The case will be resumed this morning.
TRAGIC FATE OF A GROCER.
Death of K. V. Wynatt, Apparently by
Hi* Own Hand.
B. P. Wynatt, the proprietor of a grocery
store ot Sixteenth and Shotwell streets,
killed himself yesterday morning at his
home, a few doors distant. There is some
mystery about the unfortunate man's fate,
as those who are in a position to know say
he had no reason ito commit suicide and
they are inclined to thinK his death must
have been accidental.
Wynatt lived with his wife at 2723 Six
teenth street, and it was the custom of
Mrs. Wynatt to take his pistol to his store
every evening, so that in case of attempted
robbery he could have some means of pro
tection. Yesterday morning, how
eyer, her husband departed from
his usual custom. He awoke from
an apparently good sleep, having
gone to bed the nient before in a seem
ingly happy frame of mind, and, after
eating his breakfast, he asked for his re
volver, saying he would take it with him.
Just as he was descending the first two
stairs a noise was heard as if he had
stumbled, and, simultaneously, a report
of his revolver. "When his wife discovered
him he was lying on the stairs with a
bullet-hole in the right side of his head.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
but died soon after, and his body was sent
to the Morgue.
Deceased was a Mason, 55 years of age,
a native of Tennessee, and was formerly a
locomotive engineer by occupation. He
leaves no children. He was a member of
Paiaro Lodge, A. F. and A. M., Marys
ville, and also belonged to the Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers. His part
ner says that his business affairs were all
in good shape and it is not thought that
he had any trouble of any kind.
HIS HONOR FROWNS.
Attorney Joseph F. Coffey Ordered to
Appear To-Day Before Judge Joach-
imsen for Contempt.
"Place that man under arrest and take
him to the City Prison," roared Judge
Joachimsen yesterday afternoon as ho
pointed with his finger at Attorney Joseph
F. Coffey.
Sergeant Duncan stepped up to Coffey
to carry out the order, but it was
countermanded and Coffey was ordered to
appear in court to-day to show cause why
he should not be punished for contempt.
The attorney seldom appears in the
court without a wordy warfare ensuing.
Yesterday afternoon Coffey appeared for
Chinese arrested for carrying on a lottery
game. Gong Tyng, the Chinese employed
by the Poiicp Department to certify to the
correctness of Chinese bonds, was on the
witness-stand and was being cross-ex
amined at considerable length by Coffey
which caused the usual friction between
him and the Judge, and finally the Judge
adjourned court.
Coffey was surprised and indignant, and
expressed hi 9 feelings by the remark:
"Wnat are you paid for anyway? You
are not a bit backward in drawing your
salary." Then followed the order for
Coffey 's arrest.
THAT FENCE MAY STAND.
Supervisors Have No Power to
Remove the Crocker •
Structure.
The Supreme Court Has Decided Par
allel Cases in Favor of the
Builder.
If the Board of Supervisors heeds the ad
vice given by City and County Attorney
Creswell the fence buijt during the life
time of Charles Crocker about the property
of the late Captain Yung at the rear of
the Crocker mansion on Nob Hill will be
allowed to stand, even though it hides the
lot from the light of day and makes it use
less as. a building site.
The deceased railroad magnate tried to
buy the lot from Captain Yung, but their
negotiations never came to anything, the
price asked being based on the prin
ciple of all the traffic would bear. Rather
than have the prospect of a barren build
ing lot continually before his eyes, Mr.
Crocker built a twenty-foot fence about the
three sides that joined his property and
had vines trained against the structure to
hide it from view. Recently Mrs. Rosina
Yung, the widow, petitioned the Super
visors to order the fence removed, as it
rendered her property valueless, and the
board was about to grant her request when
Supervisor Taylor warned them that a suit
for big damages might result and pre
vailed upon them to seek the advice of the
City and County Attorney before proceed
ing in the matter. Mr. Creswells opinion,
filed yesterday, is as follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors of
Uy and County of San Francisco lam in
' receipt of the communication of The board
B-Kin^r my opinion of the power of the board
10 t ass a resolution, a copy of which has been
forwnrii»'<l to me, empowering and direetinc
the Superintendent of Streets to cause the re
. moval of a high fence on the south side of Sac
ratnento street 76Va feet west of Teylor, which
i is on three sides of a lot claimed by Mrs.
j Kosiua Yung.
There can be no object in passing such a reso
j lution if it cannot be made effective.
The proposed resolution recites as follows,
to wit: "That a number of years ago a valua
ble dwelling-house was erected upon said lot
aud the erection of said fence excluded air,
: light and the necessary adjuncts to habitable
life, thereby making said house uninhabitable
and the ground valueless, which, resulted in
her having the house removed, leaving the lot
unoccuuied, thus working a great injury to her
and depriving her of constitutional rights."
The questions involved here were passed
upon by the Supreme Court of the State of
California in the case of Western, etc., Com
pany vs. Knickerbocker, 103 Cal., page 111.
The facts in that case were as follows: Thf>
Western Granite and Marble Company, the
plaintiff in said action, and Eugene Knicker
bocker, the defendant therein, were owners ol
I adjoining lots in the city of San Jose. The
| plaintiff had a building on its lot, used for
offices, which had six windows in the northerly
wall, through which only light and air could
be admitted into that portion of the building,
and if such light and air were materially ob
structed that portion of the building would be
useless.
The defendant occupied his adjoining lot as
a residence and in 1891 built along the
division line a solid board fence twenty feet
high in such a manner as to prevent the
passage of light and air into the said windows
of the house owned by plaintiff.
The plaintiff contended that, under the act
of the Legislature of March 9, 1885, entitled
"An act regulating the height of division
fences and partition walls in cities and towns,
the defendant could not build such a fence in
excess of ten feet in height without r>laintlff's
permission. The defendant contended that he
had the right to build the fence on his own
land to any height he saw fit without the con
sent of any adjoining owner; and if the act of
1885 attempted to take that right from him, it
was unconstitutional.
The court said as follows: "The doctrine
I that a proprietor may by user acquire an ease-
I ment over adjoining land for the passage of
| light and air does not prevail In this country,"
| and again "Merely owuin? the adjoining "lot
I does not give the proprietor an easement over
i the property of another for the passage of light
; and air. Nor is it competent for the Legis
! laturc to vest in such proprietor the power to
prevent his neighbor from building such
structure as he pleases, provided it is not a
nuisance, ana it is not such merely because it
obstructs the passage of light and air.
"The Legislature cannot thus create an ease
ment in favor of certain proprietors over the
lands of another nor declare the usual and
ordinary use of property a nuisance when
fcuch use inlrlnge6 upon the local rights of no
I one.
'The court found in this case that the plaint
, iff's windows open toward defendant's lawn.
That this portion of his premises shal! be se
j eluded and private may be a matter of great
importance to defendant. That he has the
right to secure such privacy, if he can, by
building obstructions on his own land has
always been recognized by the courts."
This decision clearly recognizes the legal
right of a property-owner to build wholly on
his own ground a solid wall, even though it
should be so close to the house of an adjoining
property-owner and of such a height as to de
stroy his enjoyment of light and air.
The Board of Supervisors have no power to
interfere with this legal right.
Harry T. Creswell,
Attorney and Counselor.
On the strength of this opinion the
I board has refused to order the removal of
other structures against whicn protests
have been lodged.
POOL-SELLERS ARE SAD.
Two of Them riead Guilty in the Police
Court and Declare They Have
Gone Out of the Business.
William Jackman and Frank G. Patter
son,pool-sellers, pleaded guilty to violating
the ordinance in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday and said that they had gone out
of the business for good. The Judge in
the circumstances imposed tines upon
each of $50, which was paid.
The case of Gilbert Blodes, proprietor of
the poolrooms frequented by ladies, was to
have been decided by Judge Joachimsen
yesterday, but another continuance was
granted till to-day.
"If these pool-sellers," said the Judge,
"attempt to resume business when the Bay
District track is again opened for racing
the police should raid the poolrooms and
arrest every peraon, either male or female
found there. '
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
FREE MARKET - PLACES.
Site Offered by the State Harbor
Commissioners Under Dis
cussion.
IT MAY PEOVE ACCEPTABLE.
Public Sentiment Sets Strongly in
Favor of the Proposed Free
System.
The advocates of a free market in San
Francisco are greatly encouraged by the
public response favorable to the enterprise.
Members of the Merchants' Association,
who originated the scheme, are confident
of successful results. This forenoon a
meeting of the free market committee of
the association will be held, and it ia ex
pected that plans will then be sufficiently
matured to present a comprehensive re
port to a full meeting of the directors of
the Association to be held next Thursday
evening.
J. R. Freud of the association was inter
viewed yesterday and spoka hopefully of
the project. He said the meeting to-day
would develop the sentiments of the com
mittee regarding the site'for a market ten
dered by the Board of State Harbor Com
missioners. "I am in favor of accepting
this proposition," said Mr. Freud, "al
though the location is not as accessible to
the densely settled sections of the City as
1 would wish. Its acceptance would be a
step in a proper direction. The market
there could be used as a train depot for
supplying other markets, and in that man
ner much benetit would follow.
"It iB my iaea that there should be one
free market easily accessible to dwellers in
the City north of Market street and an
other located conveniently near the center
of resident population soutn of Market
street. I have heard mentioned as a good
site south of Market street the old French
Hospital building, on Brannan, near Sev
enth. This site is not remote from water
communication, and would surely accom
modate many persons living in that region
of the City."
M. S. Kohlberg, an earnest advocate of
THE BLOOMER GIRLS AS SEEN ON MONTGOMERY STREET YESTERDAY.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist. J
the free-market proposition, is highly en
couraged by the tone oi public sentiment.
He said yesterday : "We* should have at
least two free markets, and I can rea cl'ly
perceive how the system would result to
the mutual benefit of farmers within twen
ty-five miles of San Francisco and to many
thousands of people residing in San
Francisco. Say, for example, that a
farmer has fifty or sixty dozen
eggs and some little garden truck
to seil. The quantity is not large enough
for profitable transaction with a commis
sion-house, but the farmer m3y bring the
load to the City in his wagon and dispose
of it. The site offered by the Board of
State Harbor Commissioners may not be
the mo3t desirable, but 1 apprehend that
the association will pronounce in favor of
its acceptance. It may work the begin
ning of other markets tree to the populace
and the producer."
A. Fusenot, the resident partner of the
City of Paris establishment, is an active
member of the Merchants' Association,
and is a stanch supporter of the free-mar
ket enterprise. He expects that the sub
ject will be fully discussed at the cemmit
tee meeting in the forenoon, and enter
tains the belief that a definite plan of
action will be adopted at the directors'
meeting next Thursday evening. He said
yesterday:
"The site offered by the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners is a step in the
right course, and while the place desig
nated may not offer the conveniences to the
public which a free market-place should
possess, it may be used as a depot for re
plenishing other markets. We should
have at least two free markets, and
ultimately four may be found useful, but
the first business in hand is to get one.
"The opportunity should be open for
small farmers and cultivators of the gar
dens in San Mateo, Alameda, Marin and
Contra Costa counties to visit Han Fran
cisco daily, if desired, or twice a week at
least, to dispose of their products. There
should be no tax on the trade. It should
be made absolutely free. The plan has
proved highly successful in other cities
and will meet with success here if we can
secure available sites for market purposes.
It is true that teams coming from counties
on the other side of the bay would be com
pelled to pay ferriage, but the tolls should
not be excessive.
"In this climate we do not require en
during market-houses. Shelter is all that
is required, and the designation of a place
for the farmers to meet. In many cities
spaces are reserved by municipal ordi
nance for market places, and in some of
ihe leading cities highly ornamental and
substantial market-houses have been con
structed. While San Francisco reserved
ground for public parks and set apart
school Jots and engine lots, no market
reservations, so far as I can learn, were
made. We may be compelled to lease the
ground for one market south of Market
street, and for another north of that thor
oughfare.
"The gain by the free market will be
very great to the residents of the City, and
people of limited means will be the chief
gainers. They can establish customs of
trade with individual farmers, and at the
close of market day may strike bargains
for the unsold produce n hand. The main
idea snould be to make the trade between
the City consumer ana the country pro
ducer as frets as possible. All restrictions,
tolls and tariffs tending to enhance the
cost of farm proaucts to the consumer
should be removed."
Wendell Easton, whose travels have led
him to many cities of the world, was asked
his opinion yesterday of the project and
his judgment as to a proper site for a free
market. He has not had time to give the
subject full attention, and therefore re
served his opinion for a few days.
Colonel George W. Granniss, who has
traveled extensively in this country and
Europe, spoke of the advantage of the
"market day" to dwellers in the towns of
England. . Saturday was market day there
and the choicest products were brought to
town and offered for sale direct to the peo
ple. Thousands of people congregated to
buy and the convenience to pioducers and
consumers was mutual.
Senator John L. Beard of Alameaa
County said the free-market system was in
vogue in Oakland, but the results there
had not been specially gratifying. In some
instances dealers from San Francisco estab
lished stands in the free market.
Although tne market was free to all, the
hucksters preferred to stand on Eleventh
street and sell from their wagons. He was
of the opinion that the establishment of
free markets in San Francisco would work
injustice to commission men who paid
license, rent and taxes to conduct a legiti
mate business enterprise. He fancied,
moreover, that the ferry tolls and long
hauls by team would prevent many of the
farmers from coming to San Francisco
with their products.
BLOOMER GIRLS DEFIANT.
They Appeared on the Public
Streets and Created a
Sensation.
Amusing Comments Passed on Their
Costumes as They Flitted
About the City.
Two bloomer girls braved the stormy
weather and defied public sentiment by
appearing on the crowded streets yesterday
afternoon.
One was dressed in a light tweed suit.
The trousers reached to the knees and
were just wide enough to satisfy a police
officer, who eye<l the pair curiously. £he
wore black felt leggins and a blue toque.
Heavy shoes encased her feet, which she
propelled with lofty stride.
Her companion wore bloomers of dark
material, tanned leggins and white toque.
Xeither of the young ladies carried
umbrellas or mackintoshes. They were
out to defy public opinion and champion
the cause of dress reform.
"The horrid things," said an old lady to
her venerable husband, as she stepped to
the edge of the sidewalk in front of the
Mills building on Montgomery street and
allowed the bloomer girls to pass.
"Oh, I just wish I had the courage to
wear bloomers," remarked a young woman
to her escort, as he held an umbrella over
her. while she held up her skirts with both
hands and carried a parcel under both
arm?.
"A\ ell, if I caught my wife out in such a
rig I would horsewhip her," declared a
downtown business man.
"There are some women who have the
courage of their convictions," observed a
lawyer.
"Say, Ikey, that's a hot thing," shouted
a newsboy to his companion.
The bloomer girls flitted along heedless
of their critics, but evidently conscious of
the sensation that their bifurcated cos
tumes were causing.
They passed along Market street to
Kearny, down Post to Montgomery and
along the latter to California, where they
dodged into a big building ana were lost
to view.
SAVED BY THE ALARM.
Attempt to Break Into the House of
John W. Reid, Hayes Street,
Frustrated.
John W. Reid, ex-sup«rintendent of the
Fourth-street bridge, who lives at 809 a
Hayes street, was congratulating hirqself
yesterday that he has a burglai -alarm in
his house.
Between 11 and 12 o'clock Sunday night
he was awakened from his slumbers by
the ringing of the burglar-alarm. He
jumped out of bed and hurriedly dressed
himself. On going outside he noticed
that the door in the basement was open,
and he saw a man walking across a vacant
lot near his house.
The man walked west on Hayes street
followed by Reid till Policeman Anderson
was met. Then Reid asked the officer to
place the man under arrest, explaining
that he had attempted to break into his
house. Anderson took the man to the
City Prison, where he was recognized as
George Faulkner, a blacksmith, who sev
eral years ago was a source of trouble to
the police.
On being searched a key, resembling a
skeleton key, was found in Faulkner's
pockets, but he said it was the key of his
room, which yesterday was found to be
correct. Faulkner said he was on his way
to his home, on Hayes street, near Devisa
dero, and knew nothing about the at
tempted burglary. He is in the M tanks,"
and will be held pending developments.
STREETCAR TRANSFERS
The Merchants' Association's Re
quest of General Manager
Vining.
CONVINCING ARGUMENTS MADE.
The Committee Received but Little
Satisfaction From the Railroad
Official.
Many months ago the members of the
Merchants' Association undertook to in
duce the officials of the Market-street
Railway Company to be more liberal in the
issuing of transfers on the principal street
car lines in the combine. It was particu
larly desired that transfers be issued from
the Mission and Market street lines to the
Third and Kearny street electric lines, and
to accomplish this end a committee from
the Merchants' Association was appointed
to confer with the railroad people.
A conference upon the subject of street
car transfers was held yesterday morning
at the office of General Manager Vining.
The following were present as representa
tives of the Merchants' Association and
the taxpayers of the City : A. S. Baldwin
of Baldwin & Hammond, C. S. Benedict of
the Hastings Company, S. W. Dixon, W.
G. Doane of .Doane & Henshelwoodj F. \Y.
Dohrmann of Nathan, Dohrmann & Co.,
F. F. Dv Rose of the Palace baths, John
Farnham of the Crystal baths, H. D. Keil
of Goldberg, Bowen & Lebenbauin, M. S.
Koblberg of Kohlberg, Strauss & Froh
mann, Frank A. Swain of Swain Bros.,
H. H. Taylor, agent for the Mills building;
George D. Toy of Bovee, Toy & Co. and J.
Richard Freud of J. Richard Freud & Co.
A. S. Hallidie, Frank Maskey and C. S.
Benedict, who are members of the com
mittee, were unavoidably absent.
Mr. Dohrmann presented the views and
wishes of the committee as representatives
of the citizens of this City. He was fol
lowed by S. W. Dixon, who said that it was
through the efforts of a number of mem
bers ot the association that the company
was able to secure its franchise to operate
an electric trolley system on Kearny street.
M. S. Kohlberg added that when the
company made its first efforts to secure
the privilege of erecting electric poles a
Kearnv-s«reet merchant placed an iujunc
tion upon any such extension or enter
prise. Then it was that the streetcar
people requested the Kearny-street mer
chants to remove the legal obstructions,
Frank Maskey, Mr. Dixon and others to
take up the matter. They did so upon a
promise from the Market-street car people
that transfers would be issued on the
lines mentioned. The men worked hard
to secure the necessary signatures, and at
last were successful. The injunction was
raised and the cars set to running at once.
Now the citizens and particularly the
downtown merchants, desire the Market
street Railway Company to fulfill its
agreement and issue transfers as prom
ised.
Others of the committee followed and
spoke of the injury being done to the mer
chants at the lower end of the town, as all
the travel is diverted to other directions,
and added that property and rent from
Post street north have been greatly re
duced since the old transfer system was
abolished.
Manager Vining listened to all that was
said, and said that he did not know who
made the promise to the merchants and
citizens to issue transfers in consideration
of tho removal of all obstacles to the
Kearny-street electric line. Mr. Vining
raised a great objection to issuing transfers
upon the ground that the privilege is sadly
abused by the passengers giving the trans
fers to boys to sell. He gave the com
mittee to understand that the traffic in
transfers is enormous. In conclusion Mr.
Vining said that if the Merchants' Asso
ciation would get the Supervisors to pass
an ordinance making such traffic illegal
the compuny would more favorably con
sider the proposition. The inference was
that the railroad was unable to do any
thing with the Supervisors.
Mr. Vining in conclusion reqnested the
committee to submit its wishes and request
in writing and he would present it to his
superiors.
Later in the day the following communi
cation was drafted by the association,
which will be signed and presented to-day
by the committee to the company:
To the Board of Directors of the Market-street
Railway Company, Ctty — Gentlemen: In the
Interest of the business community and the
residents of San Francisco in general, the Mer
chants' Association has appointed a committee
to confer with you concerning certain improve
ments and extensions in the streetcar service
under your control. This committee is not
aware of the existence of any Jaw governing
the issuance of transfers, but understands that
in principle your company is willing to extend
transfers from any one of your lines to any
other of your lines to the extent that one fare
will carry a passenger in a continuous trip
from any part of the City to any other part of
the City.
We also understand that the reasons why
this principle is not carried out on the Kearny
stroet line is that this privilege is abused by
traffic in transfers already existing, and an
ticipated increased abuse, which, in your
opinion, would result from such extension.
We also understand that the transfer privi
lege which existed on the Kearny-street Hue
before it became an electric road was with
drawn at the time the change was made for
the same reasons. This committee respectfully
represents that by reason of such discrimina
tion the property and trade on Kearny and
adjacent streets has been reduced in value and
extent, and earnestly requests that the follow
ing transfer privileges be extended to the
Kearny-street line :
'First, from the Mission-street electric line
both ways via the Kearny-street electric line
to North Beach, and vice-versa; second, from
the Kearny-street electric line both ways to
Market-street cable lin»s, same as now on the
Powell-street line; third, from the Kearny
street electric line to the Clay-street and Sacra
mento-street cable lines, and vice-versa in all
directions, thereby giving to Kearny street
substantially the same transfer privileges that
are now extended to the Powell-street line.
We believe tnat the liberal application of the
principle for transferring mentioned above is
a vast benefit to the welfare aud prosperity of
this City, and that it should therefore be car
ried into effect as far as possible. On the other
hand, this committee fully realizes that tne
abuse of such transfer privileges, and particu
larly the traffic in transfers, is not only detri
mental to the financial interests of your com
pany but morally pernicious and generally ob
jectionable, and should therefore be stopped.
This committee in return for complying with
the suggestions made above, and believing
that the best interests of the City are served
thereby, will petition the Board of Supervisors
to make such traffic illegal, and will gladly
assist in every other way for the purpose of
making the transfer system throughout the
City as liberal to the traveling public and as
just to the railway company as possible.
This committee has been requested to repre
sent to you that tlie present car service on
Montgomery street is inadequate and unsatis
tactory. We are also informed that the ma
jority of property-holders aud business houses
on that street and vicinity favor a change to an
electric line, with liberal transfer privileges.
If your company will assure this committee
that. should there be no legal obstacles in
making such a change, you are willing to sub
stitute an electric line for the present one
without delay, this committee will immedi
ately canvass among the property-holders and
business houses to ascertain if we have been
correctly informed as to the wishes of the ma
jority of those most interested.
THE Y. M. C. A. DEBT.
Efforts Being Made to Raise the 835,000
That Is Vet Needed.
The raising of the debt on the Young
Men's Christian Association building is to
be specially taken up this week. Already
the association has $75,000 of the $100,000,
but it is expected that the last $25,000 will
come harder than all the rest.
The building will be thrown open to
night to young men. General W. H. L.
Barnes will deliver an address and other
prominent speakers are on theproeramme.
There will be good music.
All young men are invited to inspect the
building on this occasion. It is one of the
finest association buildings in the world
and one of the best equipped, and the
work is eminently successful.
The canceling of the indebtedness on it
seems to be arousing increased public in
terest, as evidenced by the fact that so
large an amount has been subscribed in the
limited time.
SELLING WILD GAME.
Warrants Have Been Issued for the Ar-
rest of Several Dealers.
Game Warden J. A. Mogsn was stirred
up by a short notice as to his whereabouts
in last Saturday's Call, and as a result he
made a wholesale raid upon those who
were selling game out of season. Mr.
Mogan made a very successful bag during
his hunt for the game law transgressors,
and yesterday warrants were served upon
the following people: Kuhlmeyer &
Dolhrguy. 209 Washington street;* D. E.
Allison, 501 Front street; A. S. Smith,
1138 Market street; H. Heckmann, 400
Davis street; A. J. lmmel, 117 Washington
street; Charles Huth, 311 Montgomery
aveuwe; Campodonico & Malcolm, 319
Washington street; Marcliand, 115-117 Du
pont street; Charles Nernetz, 80-90 Central
Market.
It is presumed that the Fish and Game
Commissioners will leiid some assistance
to the Game Warden in his endeavor to
bring offending parties to justice; it is
their duty.
P. Pera'nti pleaded guilty of soling wild
ducks out of season in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday and was fined $5. He got
off very cheaply.
NEWSPAPER ART WORK.
Very Fine Display Given by the
Guild of Arts and
Crafts.
Flaming Posters, Dainty Etchings and
Delicate Pen-and-ink Draw
ings on View.
All yesterday, despite the threatening
weather, a stream of art lovers flowed in
and out of the Partington studio on Pine
street to view the extensive display of
printing and its related arts being given
by the Guild of Arts and Crafts. If the
opening day be any augury fot the future
the exhibition is bound to be successful.
The dispkv/ comprises books ancient and
modern, displays of binding, sketches,
various processes of pictorial reproduc
tion and everything in the way of news
paper art work, from the most delicate pen
and-ink drawing to the flamboyant poster.
One of the most interesting specimens of
modern proficiency in the art of repro
ducing ancient typographical work is a
fac-simile edition of Caxton's "Game of
Chesse," brought out in London in 18tiO.
The antique black-letter masterpiece of
the great English printer is so faithfully
copied as to seem almost real. The title
page, chapter headings and initial letters
of paragraphs are particularly ornate.
Another tine specimen of typographic
art is the ''Morte d' Arthur," illustrated
by Aubrey Beardsley, from J. O'Hara Cos
grave's collection. The tine plates with
which the valuable edition is enriched
rendered the volume an object of much in
terest to many of the visitors. In another
showcase is displayed a New Testament,
printed in London in the year 1(550, having
tne Latin and Arabic versions in parallel
lines.
A missal of the seventeenth century is
one of the eems of the display. It is in
manuscript throughout and magniticently
illuminated, the lettering being Latin and
not Gothic in style, and the lines, for a
wonder, being far enough apart to be read
with perfect ease. A lifteenth-century
Antiphonarium, or cnoir-book, also in
manuscript, in another exhibit, is specially
deserving of notice owing to the clearness
•with which the musical notation is given.
The words of the divine office are in black,
with floriated and richly illuminated ini
tials, while the rubrics, as in modern lit
urgical works, are in red.
A copy of the Nuremberg Chronicle,
dated 1493, is one of Miss Hobart's con
tributions, and is a fine specimen of early
German typography.
Among the excellent specimens of local
art work on view, Edward Cucuel has two
very fine sketches in India ink; one "A
Scene in the Salon at the Champs
d'Elysees," and the other a veritable gem
in the same style of work, entitled, "The
First Quarrel," in which two lovers on
bicycles are represented as enjoying the
new experience of a tiff.
Ernest C. Peixotto has a fine pen-and
ink drawing of the cathedral at Chartres,
and Frank A. Nankivell's fantastic, yet
powerful creation, "The New Woman,'
was also much admired. 1 Among other
pen-and-ink drawings may be mentioned
a portrait of Charles M. Shortridge. by J.
Kahler; "Horse-shoe Girls," by Harrison
Fisher; portraits of Governor Budd and
others by Richard L. Partington; and
"Skating at Truckee," by Arthur Lewis.
The display is unique and first-class in
its way, and seems well worthy of a visit.
The clerical broad-brimmed hat with a
low crown was worn by respectable people
300 years ago.
NEW TO-DAY.
Gladness Comes
\X7ith a better understanding of the
» V transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills which vanish before proper ef-
forts—gentle efforts — pleasant efforts —
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrup of Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness, without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep-
utable druggists.
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa-
tives or other remedies are not needed.
If afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-inf ormed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.
THE CAUSE OF TROUBLE
Why So Many Are Suffering at This
Time and What They Should Do.
When the weather is hot you perspire. The
pores of the Fkin aro opened, the blood moves
quickly through the veins and all impurities
are thrown out of the system. But when the
weather is cold the pores are closed, the blood
becomes thick and stagnant, it does not circu-
late properly and yon feel weak and shivery.
Most people feel chilly in winter for this
reason, and that is why colds and chills are so
prevalent. There is, however, one way to kocp
from feeling these chilly sensations and avoi<t-
ing the dangers of wintertime. Many people
have lornuiHtely discovered this way and are
giving others the benefit of their experience.
F. \\ eitzer of Newport, Ky., stjys: "I was very
sick last winter witii grip and pneumonia. I
tried many remedies without getting relict
until I was persuaded U> take "Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey. The result was that in a few
days my aches and pains left me. I com-
menced to recover at once and was soon com-
pletely restored to health."
.7. B. Edwards, Los Angeles, Cal.. says:
"About five years ago I took a terrihle cold,
which settled on my lungs. I suffered contin-
ually and was unable to shake it off until I
tried Duffy's i'ure Malt Whiskey. It soon gave
me back health and strength and ejected a
thorough cure."
These cases, and thousands of others like
them, furnish the best proof that for building
up the system and driving off di>ease Duffy's
Pure Malt Whiskey is unequalcd. Nothing lias
ever compared with it tor stimulating and
toning up the whole body and restoring the
health. It shakes and arouses to action the
torpid blooa. It promotes appetite, digestion,
assimilation.^ Taken regularly during the win-
ter it is a sure means of preventing coughs,
colds, chills and pneumonia.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
1 STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
€T|m! (hn pr
lit \bclUUl
ON ACCOUNT OF THE FENCE.
Do you . know a bargain if you see It? If you do
call and examine a line of Ladies' Button and Lace
Shoes which we offer for sale this week. They are
made of the finest French vie! kid, and have very,
pointed toes and pointed patent-leather tips, ana.
areThand-sewed welts, and we will sell them for
$2.65,
And being hand-sewed welts, they are free from
tacks, nails or threads. They are perfect titters,
and are made in th« very latest style. Button or
lace, all sizes, all widths. The regular price $1. -
SPECIAL SALE OF SMALL SIZES.
Nos. 21/2, 3, 31/2 and 4. widths AA, A. B, C,
pointed or square toes, all button shoes, worth $4,
$5 and $6. Will sacrifice them for 75c ptr pair.
Guaranteed in perfect condition.
Country orders Buuciuni.
*Sr bend for New Illuslratod Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINbKL
1O Third Street, San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. »
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TEKATS ALL GHBONIO
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, s:om-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicoeele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Lous or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulness, failini? memory and all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively i
anl permanently cured. Oonorrhcea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles If living away from the
city and advice will be given you free of charge.
Address F. L. S\VK.VNY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
San Francisco, CaL •
DR. PIERCES %& GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
. Is the Latest* -Patent; contains all Improvements
and is sold at one-half tb« price asked for interior,
but much-advertised electric belts.
. The results accomplished by Dr. Pierces belts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures having
been made where physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief.
The strongest possible evidence will be given to
Inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
I'ierce's belts, and a thorough examination and
comparison of these goods with all. others is re-
spectfully Invited of all Intending purchasers of an
Electric Belt. «3~ Call or write for free Pamph-
let No. 2." . Address
I>KS. PIERCE & SON.
704 Sacramento Street. -. >
2d, 3rd and 4th floors, San Francisco, CaU
Baja California
Dam iaria Bitters
I Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and- a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great Kestorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
Sells on its own Merits— no long-winded test!'
monials necessary. ■
NABJSK, ALFS & BRUNK, Agents,
333 Market St.. S. F.— (*end for Circular.)
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Bruiseg (
Sprains, Stiff Joints and Swellings. '
IT STOPS ALL PAIN*.
' ALL DRUGGISTS SELL IT. '
50 CENTS AXD »1 A BOTTLE.
'SIiAUC Vrtl S°re Tnroat, .Pimples, CopperJKJl
.JnAVt I UU Colored EpoW, Aches, Old SoresJß
a'Ulcsrs In Mouth, Hair-Falling! Y.'rito COOfiJH
5? REMEDY CO., SOT Masonic TempleJH
{■Chicago, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl-H '
giftal. SSOO.COO. Worst cases cured In ISM
gjjto a.j day. 100-page hook, free* (3
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
' SIMMAKY OF THE MARKET).
AVheat freights easy.
Silver unchanced.
Wheat advanced again.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Uran declined 50c.
Hay sells at steady prices.
... changes in Millstuft*.
Seeds and lVans anil.
l>nions stiff.
Smaller arrivals of Potatoes.
Butter and cheese in li«ht receipt,
Kkcs slichiiy lower again.
)'ouliry and Uame dull.
Persimmons aoont out of season.
All citrus Fruits slow.
Hams lower ag
and Leather quiet.
WKATHKK BURI-.AU RETORT.
Unitki> States Department of Agkicol
tdke, Weather Bukkau, San Francisco, Jan
nary 20. 1896. 5 p. m. — Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are The seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last
year: Eureka -— . last season 27.62; Red Bluff
10.18. lust season 19.02: San Francisco &72, last
season 13.6 *; l-rtsno3.il, last season 9.14; San
Luis Obispo 9.20, last ECasoti 20.03: Los Angeles
3.9-.'. last season 11.05: Sun Diego 1.63, last season
9.49; Yuma .32, last season 2.99.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
63 deg.. minimum 53 deg. and-mean 58 deg.
The area of low pressure which was central last
night off the coast of Washington has moved in
land and is now central In the Saskatchewan. The
pressure is rising rapidly over the Pacific Coast
ana the prospects are that clearing weather will
prevail by Tuesday afternoon. Rain has fallen
over the "entire Pacific Slope excepting a very
small area in the extreme southern portion of Cali
fornia. Heavy rain has fallen along the coast in
the vicinity of San Luis Obispo and also in the San
Joaquin Valley. The temperature has remained
ahout stationary over the Pacific Slope. It Is much
varmer in Montana and at Helena the tempera
ture was as high as 66 deg. to-day— a Chinook
Hivers— Both Sacramento and San Joaquin Val
leys have had heavy rainfalls and the rivers will
continue high. The following nver stages are re
ported to-night: Sacramento. 20.01 feet and ris
ing; Colusa, 26.05 feet: Red Bluff, 23 feet and ris
iui{ slowly; Marvsville, 16.02 feet and rising; Red
ding. 17 feet.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January 21, 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy weather with rain
to-night in extreme item portion; stationary
temperature; southerly winds;
southern California— Cloudy weather; stationary
temperature: south r'v winds.
Nevada— Showers; stationary temperature.
Utah— Rain: stationary temperature.
Arizona— Fair; stationary temperature.
San Fraucisoo and vicinity— Fair; stationary
temperature; southwesterly winds.
A. McAwk, Local Forecast Official.
MCW VOKK MAKKKTS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 20.— The railway and
miscellaneous share speculation was quiet again
to-day, the sales of stocks footing up only 125,000
shares. Tobacco was the most active stock on the 1
list. The market whs unsettled and irregular
throughout the session. At the opening ;a number
of stocks, including Metropolitan Trac.ion, Sugar,
the Grangers? General Electric and Lake Shore,
were quite heavy and lost > : rju per cent Later
0:1 Tobaoco jumped 3 per cent to 81 on covering of
shorts and this strengthened the whole mar
In the afternoon the tendency of prices was
downward, the market having been adversely in
fluenced by the $1,550,000 gold for shipment to
Europe on \V ednesday an the belief that the ship
ments on the day named may reach $"2,500,0 0.
Western Union was particularly weak in the
afternoon trailing and sold down to 82y 8 . There
was no special pressure to sell, .however, and the
disposition is general to go slow until the new
Government bond loan is out of the way. Wash
ington is also boms closely watched for financial
and political legislation.
Th? market closed about steady. Net chances
show gains of Vl®% P er cent in tile railway list,
and 3fe@lV& per cent in the industrials. Western
Union lost ' 2 percent.
Bonds were lower. The sales aggregated 51.037,
--000. ChesniK-ake and Ohio general four and a
halfs fell li to 73%; Kansas and Texas first fives,
1 to 74: Kewtuoky Central fours, *2 to 88: Missouri
Paciticconsol sixes, Ho 96 : Ohio Southern flrsi sixes ]
1 tos'i; St. Louis Southwestern seconds. 1 to 68; i
St. Paul Consol sevens rose -'■ i to 125' . In I
tJoverunient bonds ;?1000 coupons fours oi"l907 !
brought 109.
Grain.
FI.OTTR — Quiet, steady. Winter wheat, low
grades. $2 25@2 65: do fair to fancy. $2 65@
3 30: do patents, t<)45@3?6; Minnesota clear,
fj 50@3 10: do Straits, $S@S 35; do patents, $3 15
(g,i Hi: low extras. *-' 25(02 65; City Mills, *3 90
(a 4: do patents. S4@4 .... live mixture, $2 10@
3 20; superfine. *'2(ai2 20. Sou hern flour— Steady;
common to lair extras, *2 10gi2 80; good to choice
do. $2 90&3. Kye Hour— Quiet, steady, $2 40@2 85.
Buckwheat flour. $1 25(21 30.
BUCKWHEAT— 3Bc elevator; 39 y 2 c February.
COKNMEAL— sieadv: yellow Western, «2 25®
2 SO: Brandy wine. $2 25.
IlYK— Nominal.
BARLKY— Nominal; No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
prai!' d Western, 39040 c.
BARLEY MALI — Nominal.
WHEAT— Spot market don. firmer; No. 2 red.
store and elevator, 71%@7'2c: afloat, 72i>i@74c;
ungraded red. 66<#67c: .mi. 1 northern. 71 3 /4(g,72c.
Opt orn were fairly active and firmer, closing at
]c advance on former cables, foreign bying and lo
cal covering. May and- July most active. No. 'i
red. 69"t,c for January ; February, 701.4 c; March,
71c; May, 68;/ 8 c: Jane and July, 68% c
CORN— Spot, dull; firmer. .No. 2, ' 35-<ic@36,
elevator: 36Vi@37c afloat.
Options were dull and firm at '/^@%c ad
vance on increased s'.oks: firmer west; better
cables and local covering. May most active. Janu
ary and February, 35 % c; Jlay. a5 4 c; July,
36% C.
OATS— Spot, quiet, firmer. Options, dull, firmer;
January, 27>Ac; February, - -'4i g c: May, 245/sC
Spot prices: No. 2, V4i c: No. 2 white, USI/k©
26c: No. 2 Chicago, 26Vic; No. 3, •2 iy m 2 c; No. 3
white, 241. mixed Western, '24V>@'25Jac -
white do. 25G$28c: white State, 25@28cT
Stocks of grain in store and afloat January 18:
Wheat. 7,498,620 bushels; corn. 883,329; oats, 1,
--934,028; rye, 22,918: barley, 545.862; malt, 14.
--824: peas, 7152.
KEEP KHAN- 60@62y 2 C
Ml UDLINGS-65fa.70c
BY£— Feed, 65@70c.
Provisions.
BEEF— Quiet, firm; family, $10@12; extra
mess, $7 50@8. Beef bams, quiet. 815 50.
Tierced beef, dull; city extra India mers. $15 50<g>
15 75: cut meats, stronger; pickled bellies, 8 c;
do shoulders, 4*i@sc; do hams, 8 J i9B*4c.
LARD— Quiet, firmer: Western steam. $6: city.
$5 60; January. 86 05; refined, firmer; Conti
nent, $6 35; south .America, $6 60; compound,
*4 75(^5.
PORK-Firmer; mess. $10 75@11.
BUTTER— Lower, liberal .supply; State dairy,
10@20c; do creamery, 15(*20c: Western, cream
ery, 16@21c: do June, 14@19V2c: do factory,
pivai6c: Kleins. 21c; imitation creamery. 14<»
171.2 c: rolls. 9(a.1 4c. ■ ,-- . 7^
CHEESE— Fair demand, firm: State large,
7Vi@Bv.tc; do small, "3i@loV4: part skims,
Sl/4'a7c; tull skims, 2@Sc
tOOS- Firmer. State and Pennsylvania. 1&(A
19c: Southern, 16'0a17: 2 .-; icehouse, 15(§(16c:
do case. $2 50@3 76; "Western fresh, 17f*18c;
limed, 15c. "
TALLOW— Moderate demand. City, 37/ a c- coun
try. 4fa4y 8 c
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, firm. Crude. 24y,@
250: yellow, prime. 28V 2 @i:9c; do off grades, 28c.
ROSlN— Quiet, steady. ■ Strained, common to
good, *1 HO'ii i 65.
TUKPENTINK— DuII, weak: 32@32y 2 c.
POTATOES— Easy. Sweets, ?2<£4. 75.
RlCE— Fairly active: firm. Domestic fair to
extra, 3@53t4c; Japan, 83,4@4c.
MOLASSES— Firm, fair demand. New Orleans,
good to choice, 25@32c
COFFEE— Firm. 5 to 20 points up: January
$13 40; February, $13 20; March, 13 10@13''6 :
May, ?12 70912 75; Seutember, *11 MO; October,
*11 75: December, sll 79. Spot Rio, dull, steady
No. 7. 14c. .'
SUGAR— Raw, firm: dull: fair refining, 3y B c
centrifugal, 96 test, 3»,ic. Refined, quiet; steady;
No. 6. 4' 4 . : No. 1 and No. 8. 4 5-16* c:
No. 9, 4 3 16c; No 10, 43/ B<-;8 <-; No. 11, 4c-
No. 12, 3 1516 c: No. 13, S%c; off A, 4i/ 3 ©
4« 8 c: mold A, 5 316 c: standard A, 4 15-ltic;
confectioners 1 A, 4 l-16c: cut loaf, 4 9-16:
crushed, 5 0-1 6 c; powdered and cubes, 6 3-1 6 c'
granulated, 4 15-1
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS-Apricots-Bags, 10V5,
PEACHES— IB 94, unpeelea, 2 @7c: do 1895
un peeled. 63,408 y 2 c: 1895. peeled, 16c.
PRUNES-Four sizes. sy c.
RAISINS|— London lay. 85c@Sl 25- do
4-crown loose Muscatel. 4@sc: do 3<rown, S@
sykc
soa L sh J e?fT@9"^c mlnal; *•'■»■•»•». "ewe do,
WALXUIS- Standard, 6J/2@7c; ao soft-shell
I Oc.
HOPS— weak and unchanged.
WOOL— fair demand, firm; unchanged.
Merchandise.
TIG IRON— Quiet: American, $11 76<ai3 so
COPPER-Dull: Lake. *9 76. '"i»*^ ov.
LEAD— Quiet; domestic, $3. ■
TlN— Quiet: Straus. $13 10; plates, quiet.
SPELTKK-Nominal; domestic, 84.
■'""".-■■■■ " . * '
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
cHICAOO, Irx., Jan. 20.— During the first half
hour's trading in wheat to-day the market gave no
signs of particular strength, and prices were gen
eruliy slightly under the close of Saturday. The
pusiiDg of the visible supply returns aroused intrr
est and caused activity later. New York's stocks
decreased 1,382.000 bushels. When the knowledge
or Uiii reduction was received prices rose about
Vfee from the position that they had previously oc
cupied, and continued strong forquitea while there-
KUt-r. Opening Liverpool cables were quiet and
firm. Receipts at Chicago were 98 cars, and 78,
--974 bushels were taken from store. The North
west received 672 cars against 824 last Monday,
aim 27b on the corresponding day a year ago. The
flna result on the visible supply— a decrease of
857,000 bushels— was a diaiippointment to buyers
and holders, causing considerable selling.
Broomiiall's Liverpool Corn Tra.ie News was
nald to have more favorable reports on the Indian
crop tiian heretofore. Wheat on ocean passage de
creased 880,000 bushels ana Liverpool stocks
300,000 bushels. The world's shipments for last
week were estimated at 5,500.000 bushels. Clos
ing Continental cables were h'rm and higher. The
English visiole supply decreased l,00«>,000 bush
els, the announcement Inducing a renewal of the
brisk demand with an accompanying butste in
prices. Export clearances were fair at .-595,298
bushels. May wheat opened from 605/ to (50% c.
sold between 60% c and til's'- closing at<6ls/fe@
61% c. %@%c higher than Saturday. Estimated
receipts '""' morrow. B.> cars.
CORN— On lighter receipts than expected, 663
cars, and because of the general firmness of the
wheat market corn showed strength. Quite a fair
degree of activity was noted. There was no corn
Inspected from store. Liverpool caoles quoted an
advance of ' id- The visible supply increased
1,532,000 bushels, nnd the amount on ocean pus
sane decreased 320 0:>0 bushels. Export clearances
amounted to 673,698 bushels. May corn opened
from 29c to 28%@29c. sold between 28% c and
295/sc, closing at 293/gC, Wc&s/gC higher than Hat
urday. Estimated receipts for 10-morrow 900 car*.
OATS— Moved In the course marked out by the
leading speculative articles, and thereforeexhlbited
more of strength than weakness. Trading was by
no means dull, the spirit of activity reaching this
market as well as mat of wheat and corn. Re
celuts were 262 cars. There were no withdrawals
from store. The visible supply increased -47.000
bushels. May oats closed 1,4 c higher than Satur
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 325 cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, 9iy 2 @92c; May, 95V c.
Receipts were 50 cars.
PROVISIONS— Were the star attraction of the
floor. The "shorts" found themselves in a very
uncomfortable and dangerous positional the open-
Ing, when prices were lie to 17 : •> c higher than the
close of Saturday for pork with corresponding ad
vances in lard and ribs. Offerings were extremely
light and the bidding sharp and imperative, prices
jumping without encountering anything in the
way of opposition. A short run of hogs at the
yards was the strengthening consideration at the
start. The firmness was constant throughout the
session and flurries were frequent. May pork
closed 47i 2 tg,')oc higher, May lard 15c higher and
May ribs 22y a c higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 69y @59Vio: May, 61%@
61«ic; July, 63i .
CORN— January, 27y 8 c; May, 29S/ S c; July,
30V4C.
January. 18V4c: May. CO3/ c.
PORK-January, *10 50; May, 810 77%.
LARD— January, $5 75; May, $6 02%: July,
f6 1-1
January, $5 12y 2 ; Ma $5 57%; July,
$5 50.
MONEY— Was 6 per cent on call and6ta7 per
cent on time loans. New York, exchange sold at
40c premium. ■ •
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Jan. 20.— The
offerings of cattle to-day were light and under 11
good demand prices were firm, and in some in
stances 10c higher. Tlie run of hogs was light and
prices advanced another 6c Packers were good
buyers. The sheep market was steady. The de
mand was light, but the arrivals were not large.
CATTLE — Receipts, 15,000. Fancy beeves,
$4 75@4 90: choice to prime steer, $4 25@4 70;
fair to choice steers, *3 Bo@4 20; common to me
dium steers. $3 ;o@3 £0; feeder*. S3 40@4;
stockers, $2 50@3 40: bulls, choice to extra. $3@
3 50; bulls, poor 10 good, S-(a3 90; cows and
heifers, extra, $3 bi)ts'A 75: cows, fair to choice.
93 50:'<£3 26; cows, poor to good canners, $1 50('^
2 40fveal calves, good to choice. $5 25@6 25:
calves, common to good, $2 50@5; Texas fed
steers, *;-( 40M.4-J5.
HOGS— Receipts. 29,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 95@4 12V-2; common to choice
mixed, $3 90@4 15; choice assorted, $4 05©
4 121/2; light, *3 90@4 15: pigs, $3 15@4 05.
SHEEP — Receipts, 14.0U0. Inferior to choice,
$2 25(§,3 60; lambs, $3 50@4 60.
NEW YOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been S@4%; last loan at '6%
and closing offered at 3%. Prims mercantile pa
per, 6@7%. Bar silver, 67 1 / gC. Mexican dol
lars, 52 : *4 c. Sterling exchange ib firm, with
i.ct'ial business in DanKers' bills at 74 »7 a 4@4 88
for sixty days and $4 hP : 4 89*4 for demand.
Posted rates." $4 BSVS@4 90. Commercial bills,
$4 86^(0.4 S7i.«. Government bonds Steady; State
bonds dull; rauroad bonds steady. Silver at the
board was rirm.
cxowixa stock*.
Am Tel & Cable.... 90 Norfolk & Wes'... 1%
Atcblson.. 14 I Preferred. 7
Preferred -1 North American... 434
Adams Express... l 46 I Northern Pacirtc. 3
Alton.Terre Haute. 54 Preferred IZ-'± !
American Express.l 11 Norur.vestern a^-V»
American Tobacco. 79 1 /s Preferred 144
Preferred IOI'.jN. Y. Central 86l. a
Bay State lias 17 >.. Y. Chicago<fcS.L 12
Baltimore & Ohio.. 37 i Ist preferred 70
Brunswick Lands.. % -'d preferred !I.H
Buffalo. Koch & If. 10%jX; Y. & N. H lbO
Canada Pacitic 62 *2: N. Y. <fc New Ens. 45
Canada Southern.. 48 N. Y. Suso, <fc W... * /i
<. amon Land 60y s Preferred 24
Central Pacific... I4i.a Ontario 9y a
Che*. •£ Ohio 1 » s » Ontario* Western. 13
Chicago Alton I;>3 .Oregon lmprovmL 12y 2
l-'reierrea 170 | Preferred .... — —
Chicago, S- A Q-... 7 .-I 1 4 Oregon Navigation, lft
Chicago &K. 111... *I : *4 Oregon Short Una. 51/^
Preferred 95 ! Pacific Mall 555
Chlcagouas 65Vi i'eona. D.&. Evans. 2%
Clevedt Pttlsburg.lbS Pittsburg &\V pfd. 5
Consolidation Coal. 29 ,'Pullman Palace. ..15 •
Consolidated Gas..l4i Quicksilver 2i£
C. C. C. & St. Louis. ;:3^ 4 Preferred. 1.V.,
Preferred 9. » Reading BV4
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 2 5 RioGrande&Westa 13
Preferred 11)0 Preferred 42
Cotton Oil Cert 1H Bock Island 64S/ 8
Commercial Cable. 145 itom.' Wot AOsdenllHi 2
Del. Hudson ISMVb St. L. «fc S. W 4V.,
Del.Lacktl- Western i Preferred 10
Denver* K. G«.... 1 1 4M. Paul 67y 8
Preferred I' 1 -.' Preferred 126
Distillers 15' 4 Bt. Pnul& Duluth. 'fi
General Electric... :4 1 2 ■ Preferred »5
Erie 14V4 St. Paul «feOmah«» 34»4
Preferred SJ-<Va Preferred US'
Tort Wayne ltiO ; St. I", W. A A 1......110 t
GrealNortriernpfd.llo "Silver Cem neat.... 67 Ml
Green Bay ' Va Southern Pacittc.;. 19 3 4
Harlem 280 toumern K. X..... 86/
Hocking Coal 1 " Preferrea ;„.. 23%
Hocking Valley... I** fcuicar Kennery....3O.)s/ 8
Homestaice -8 1 Preferred... ; 96
H. & Texas Cent... IVi Tcnn. Coal & Iron. 2i>V>
Illinois Central.... B 41 -.' Preferred.. 100 •"
lowa Central "i 2 1 exas Pacific. ..... '7»4
Preferred 25i/oIToI.A. A.A N.Micn, — - I
Kansas A Texas.— J<'» »ll 01. & Ohio Cen.... 30 '.
Preferred 24i/ l Preferred 65
Kingston & Pern... , 3 lol.St. Louis &K.O. 0 '
Lake Erie & Westn 18 I Preferred 14
Preferred 2 Union Pacific 314
Lace 5h0re. ...... .141 "j V. P.. Den. <fc Quit 3'
National Lead 23 1 U.S. Cordage....... 5V 8
Preferred .^ B.< { Preferred SU/
Longlsland 8ly 2 Guaranteed „ 20 '
Louisville <£ Null. 4 33/ 8 U. S. Express ;-I8
LouisvlUe iS"a<fc 9i/ U. 8. Leather 91/*
Preferred 18 Preferred 62
Manhattan Consol. 99 V. S. Rubber 2614
Mempnis <t Charts. 15 Preferred «:-: '
Mexican Central... 9 Utlca it B. P.iver..lso
Michigan Central.. 93 : ab. S. L. <fe i*ac. . 6
Minn AS. L : Preferred... I*%
Preferred — Wells-Fargo... .... 95'
Minn. A St. L com. ■ 1 8 Western Union.... S'iVs
Ist preferred . 72 is Central 'iy
Yd preferred 421,4 Wheeling 4. L. 8.. 10V
Missouri Pacific... 24 •Preferred......... 35i' 2
Mobile Ohio 21 1/2 Am Cotton Oil of d. PS '
Kashvllle Chatt.... 65" W U Beef.. 71A
National Linseed.. 18 L I Traccion» 18
K. J. Central 97Vi Ann Arb0r.........
CH>«ISH ROKM.
U8 4s, reg iOBy it KT2ds 6734
Do, 4s coupon... 109 - Do, 4s. 8-'i'-~
IS 48 new reg 114 [.Mutual Union 6*... 115
Do, 4s coupon. ..116 N J Cent Gen 6s. 114
Do. 25.... 96 Northern Pac lsts. 114 Vi
**>. 6s 11114 Do, 2d5.... 101
Do. 6s c0up0n... H234 Do, 80s . 69
Cherokee 4s. 1895.100 on west Consols. 1 40
Do. 1897 100 ! Do, deb s*. JO7
i Do. 1898 .100 jOß&Nlsts 109
Do. 1899.. 100 SiL&lronMtGen 5s 79
reclfic6BOl'fis.... Ist Ldt SFGen6s.lOiyi,
D -3-6, .3-6 65.. ......110 I st Paul Consols ...la:.',
Ala C ass A 4.... 109 ■£!.!'.<■. &Pa lsts. 113
Do. Class 84, 6s. 109 j Do. Pac Cal isis.-lOrty,
Latoosol4s 97 Southern R. R. 6s. *BSa
Missouri funding Texas Pacific tints 86
IS Carolina con 65.. 120 i Texas Pac seconds. 1-8/ i
_- D *«■ 102 I nion Pac Ist 1005*
f=O Carolina 4^,5...104 ! West Shore 4s. 105
'Tennnewsi 84 Mobile & Ohio is. 65
Va funding debt... 59% R UranaeWest lsts 74
S°- reg jChes<tO6s..
Do. deferred 05... 6y l Atc blson 45...:.... 72<5
Do, trust rcpts st 6 J Do. 2da A "IV4
Canada South 2d5..i04 OH ASA 65.... .105
On Pac lstsof '9s 100 Do. 2d 7s 100
Den A R Ist 112 Hi Tex Centos! . 107
«,£??•„*■ 87 Do.conßs. 104
tr!e2ds 70 Readings 74
Kansas Pa Consols 72 Missouri «*.....,.. 100
Ks fa. lsis Den dlv! 08 ul/
rOKEIGN MAKKKTS.
WHEAT IN I.IVRHPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eire., Jan. 20.— "i he spot market
Is firm at 6y 2 d@ss 7d \ Cargoes are firm at 28s
1 /2^ arrived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
«ry, 6ssV4d; February. 6s S«4d; March, ss6i4d-
April, 63 toV4d; May, 8s 6y 3 -■ /4 '
1 - BKCUKITIKS. .
LONDON." Eso., Jan. 20. -Consols, 107 7-18
--silver, 30 11-16 d; French Rentes. lOlf 85c.
EXCHASJGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — *4 87
Sterling Excnange, sight." ; ■ — . .' 489.
•sterling Cables.... — 89Vi
New York Exchange, 5ight. ........ — Tar
New York Exchange, telegraphic.. — Par
Fine Silver, jounce...... .......... — 67JA
Mexican D011ar5. ..;.......... 63vt 64 °
- :.r - ■ - ■ . - • ■ -■:<■ >
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHKII GRAINS.
WHE*AT— The market was «tiff yesterday In
symuatby with the Eastern and foreign markets,
and prices showed a further advance. No. 1 is
quotable at $1 07V 2 @l 088,4 $ ctl; choice. $1 10;
«"V\ e 2>7" d ,? 8 ' ?I ® l " 5 ! extrs choice for milling,
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal, / Session — 10 • o'clock — May—l 800
tons $1 09%: 800, $1 035/« : 700, 09%. De
cember-100, *1 125/ 8 ; 100, $1 12W
KKfiri.Aß MOXKCfa Skssion — flay— 200 ton«
»<*%• »««..♦! ■ «9%: 600.-STo9»". y De^embe'r
~iv,'w *'« pO1 ' storfc B e paid— 3oo, $1 07V4
--loo:! 1 ! otI: 1100 ' $1 09;y «- BPOt8 P ot - ""rale paidV
BABLEY-ls steady and unchanged, though
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
trade is quiet. Feed, 67Va®70c "$ Ctl; choice, |
71 Vie; Brewing, 75<g.82y 3 c;, Chevalier, $1 10® j
1 20 for iNo. 1 and 75c@!|>l %* ctl for oft* grade.
CALT, BOARD SALES.
Informal, Sksnicis — 10 o'clock— No sales.
KKun.AK Morning Si ssion— No sales.
An KxraiN session— May— 7oo tons, 69V2C.
OATS— Steady at the slight improvement already
noted. A rri vals are small. Milling, 80@85c : fancy
Feed, 85(£90c %A ctl: good to choice, 77yi@85c
%* ctl; common to fair. 65@75c ctl: Gray. 80<& j
85c: Red, for seed, Sl(g!l 10; Black, for seed. $1 10 j
(oil 30: do for feed, 75(a;H5c; Surprise, 96c@$l 05. ■
CORN— Arrivals are small and dealers are hold- |
ing for full lictures, hut the demand is alow. Large !
Yellow. 87V>@9( 1 c f< ctl; Small Round do, 87Va@ '
t)Oe; White, 82i£tg;85c » ctl.
RYE— Stead'/ at 1 5@80c Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 85c@?l %l ctl, ac- I
cording to quality.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 9389 bbls.
Net cash prices are as follows: Family extras,
.*3 55@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 45@3 65; super
line. $2 40@2 50 9 bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 19 60@20 $
ton: Cracked corn. $20 f> ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2»4c; Rye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour. 7V 2 c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, S^4o: oatmeal,
S*4c; Oat Groats. 4V 2 c: Hominy, 4(£4i/4c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3i/^c: Farina,
4J/2C: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled oats. 4y c;
Pe«rl Barley, 4y a c; Split Peas, 4i}4c; Green do,
51/40 "^ Ib. -
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN- Is lower again at ?12 50@13 fi ton, Job
bins rates.
MIIM)LINGS-$16@19 for lower grades up to
S2u 80 f: ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 '"$ ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 "§ ton; jobbing,
822 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, 821.
HAY— Arrivals continue light, owing to the
storm. Prices are not disturbed. Wheat. $8®
12 60; Oat. B@lo 60; Wheat and Oat. $7 60®
1160 $» ton; Barley, $7@9 50; Alfalfa, $(5@9;
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 60@ll; Stock, ?6@
7 50 %4 ion.
bTKA\V-35@60c $ bale.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Not much going on. ' Bayos are quot
able at «I@l 15: Small Whites, $1 26@1 60 ft
ctl; Pea, $1 50<§>l 65; Large Whites, $1 15@125;
Pink, 90c@?l 12V»: Reds, $1 3681 40: Blackeye,
$1 75@1 85; Red Kidney, SI 76@1 90; Limas,
$2 50(ja>2 75: Butters, $1 60@l 70 ~& ctl.
SEEDS— AII kinds are slow. Brown Mustard,
51 95@2 05 t» ctl: Trieste, $2(a>'2 540; Yellow Mus
tard. *1 40@l 60; Flax,sl 70@l 75: Canary, 3*4 ]
@3y 2 c f* Ib; Alfalfa 6Vi@6Vijc ¥- lb; Rape, ]« 4
@2c ? lb; Hemp, 4c i* It,.
URIEL) PEAS-Nominal at * 1 i.'s@l 60 $ ctl for
Niles.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The rain has cut down receipts ma
terially of late. Volunteer New Potatoes, l@lVaC I
t* It; Sweets, $1 25@1 50 $1 ctl for Rivers and I
$2 •£ ctl for Merced; Salinas Burbanks, 60@90c $> j
ctl: Kiver Btu-banks, 25@40c "$ sack: Oregon Bur- j
banks, 50@75c; Oreeon Garnet Chiles. 6!'(<£6se:
Oregon Peerless, 50<£60c; River Reds, 4.'>ia,,'.;.r
ctl.
ONlONS— Arrivals continue small and the mar
ket is strong at 90c<g$l 10; Cut Onions, 75(&85c %l
ctl. " ~ •
VEGETABLES — Mushrooms sold yesterday at
4@lsc, outside figures for choice Buttons.
Dried Peppers are quotable at 6@loc; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 50@90c ~$ bo.x; Green Peas. 4@> '-
6c; string Beans. ll)(S,12y 2 c; Dried Okra, 12> ..■•";
Cabbage, 40@50c ~f ctl ; Uarlic, 4@6c %4 1b; Mar
rowtai Squasu, $15©20 %> ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POCLTRY— Was nominal, receipts being Insig- !
nificant.
Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gobblers and 10@Uc
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 10@12c f* lb; Geese,
%* pair, $1 50®l 75: Ducks, $b<g,~i ; liens, $4(g)
5: I'.oostcrs, young. $4 50f<£5 .*0: do, old, $4(34 50:
Fryers, $4 50; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and
?3@3 50 for snail; Pigeons, if 1 50(g,2 ft dozen lor
young and $)(al 25 for old.
(. I-.— Sold yesterday as follows: Hare. $1;
Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail* and $1 tor
small: Gray Geese, $2; White Geese, 75c@.fl;
Brant. $1 25: Honkers, $3; English Snipe, $2;
Jack Snipe, $l(gtl 25.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Receipts of all kinds were light,
Owing to the storm.
Ckeamkky— Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 25@26c !
* lb.
I'airy— Fancy, 24@25c; good to choice, 22@
23c; lower grades, 18@21c.
CHEESE— Fancy null new, ll@lli/ 2 c %i lb;
special marks hiirher still; ommon togood, 8@10c:
Cream Cheddar. 1 Wai '_'<■; Youns America, Il'<9l2c;
Western,' 11(a,12<-; Eastern, 12@13c v Ib.
EGGS— Prices were about lc oft' all around and
the market was weak at the decline. Good to
choice Eastern, 20@21c ~$ doz; seconds, 18@19c; :
store Eggs, 19<g)20c; ranch Eggs, 21(g>230 "■{• doz.
I DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Persimmons are out of
season. Apples, 75c@$l V box for good to choice,
50@65c for common 10 fair and ?1 25 for fancy;
Siskiyou Apples, Vsc@sl 50.
CITRUS FRUITS— AII descriptions are dull.
California Oranges, ?i 25@l 60 for Seedlings and
$1 50@2 50 > bx for Navels; Japanese Mandarins,
$1 25@1 50 V box; Lemons, $l(«il 50 for common
and Ipy(tt>-£ 60 for good to choice: California Limes,
75c V- box; Mexican Limes, *5 50.a,6: Bananas,
$l@2 ~t bunch; Pineapples, $2@5 ij 1 . dozen.
DKIED FKUITS, RAIS.NS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y 2 @3c %> lb for quar
tered, 3@3y c ¥• tb for sliced and 414 c%4 lb for
evaporated; Peaches, Hi 2 (*4c "$ ft, and 6y a @6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, 7y» < a '
By»c for prime to choice, 9V a c for fancy and lo(g)
lie > 11. for fancy Moorpark: Flrs, black, 2Cg;2^c
for unpresseU; White Fins, 3Vit@4c ■'' sacks: Pears.
7c lt% lti for evaporated halves, 4@,6Vic f* lb for
quartern; Prunes. 33 7 ic: Plums, 4c t^ tt> for pit- i
ted and li/2@2y 2 cfor unpitted; Nectarines, 6(g>6c '
V lb for prime to choice and 6y 3 c for fancy. .
Jobbing Prick*— Apples, 4@4v 2 c: Peaches. 3(3 ;
4c and 5c for faui.-.v; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y 2 c; |
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. Be pi lb for 40(g,5U's
and 5c for 50@60's; Apricots. 6@9y c for prime to
choice and l»;@llc for fancy Moorpnrk; Figs,
black, 134@2y 2 c; White Figs, 3<3isc; Pears. 6y c
for evaporated halves and :Va:s'y 2 c for quarters;
Plums. 3y 2 c tor pitted and l@iiy 3 c tor unpltted;
Nectarines. 4@sc t« lb for prime to choice. ■
RAISINS AND DiUED GRAPES-Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: !
London layers, 85@90c ~tf. box; four-crown, loose, '
3 8 /iC > It.; three-crown, loose, 2Vic; two-crown.
i'c: seedless Sultanas, 3 3 .4@4c: seedless Muscatels,
2y2@- 3 /ic: three-crown i ondon layers. 70c: clus- l
ters. $1 35&1 50; Dehesa flusters, $2 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Graphs, 2y 2 c <
'?. ft). •
Jobbino Pricks — Four-crown loose, Sc; 3
crown, 2V4@2Vjc: 2-crown, is / 4@20; Seedless Sul
tanns, 3 '4(a»4c : Seedless Muscatels, 2y.c; 3-crown
London layers. 85c@$l; clusters, SI 40&1 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried Grapes, '2*' ? c.
NUTS— Chestnuts.' 6@Bc f, !b; Walnuts, 7®Bc
V, It) for No. 1 hard and s)@gy for ROftshell, fob
bins lots; Almonds, 6@7V^c lor Languedoc and
Bi/2@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 3y 2 @
■ie '■& lti for California; Hickory nuts, 6@«>c;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished ; Filberts, i
Bfa,9c; Brazil Nuts, 2 @Bc %* lb; Cocoanuts.
*4 50@5 v- 100.
IIONEV— Comb is quotable at 10@12c & lb for
bright and B<S;9c f». lb for lower grades; \vat»r
white extracted, s@6y a c f. lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4i/4(a.4»' 1 c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEESWAX.— »>•
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Dams are lower. Bacon and
Lard are unchanged. Bacon quotable at 6c for
heavy, 7c for light medium, 9c ifl lb for light, 10c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
S'.!gar-cured Hams, lie IP lb; California Hams, 9V* ;
(a. 10c: al ess Heef, $7 ~$ bbl ; extra mess do, $8: fain- I
fly do. $9(ai9 50: extra prime Pork, *8 a bbl; ex- i
tra wear. *14 $ bbl ; mess, $13 $ bbl: Smoked
Beef, 9y 2 (a>loc # lb. . .
La HI) — Eastern, tierces, I Is quotable at 6c Tfr
lb for compound and 7y c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6y.»c for compound and 6c for pure
half-bbls, 61/4 C: 10- lb tins, 7c; do 61b, 7(ffi7y4c » ft..
COTTOLENE-7yic In tierces and 8c # 'tt» in 10- I
It. tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7c
lb; culls and brands, . 6c; medium, 6c: culls and
brands. 6c; light. sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, o@sy c; culls and brands, 4@4y c: salted
Kip, 5c "# tb; salted Calf, 8c f> lb; salted Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10<ailc; culls and brands, 7@7y 3 c; •
dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. 6V^@7c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20AS6c each; Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, JtSoßOc; medium. 15® ',
25c: winter, 10(g,15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
20c«arJi; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 40 !
@50c each: long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds !
about i/oc less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3 /4@4c; No. 2, 3<a ;
3V4c; refined, 6%c; Grease, 2y 3 c % lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt and
Mendocino, 7@90: San Jonquln and Southern, 3@
Oc: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@Bc » tt>.
HOPS-Quoted at 4@6c 'f> tb. '
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
*4 10@4 115: Wool Bags,' 24@26c.
COAL— Wellington Is quotable at $8 H. ton;
New Wellington, $8 9 ton; Southfleld Wellington,
$7 60: Seattle, $ 5@5 50; Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay!
*5: Wallsend. $6 50: Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo,
•7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg. : Cannel.fS; Kock springs, castle
Gate and i I'leasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, 10 50 in
bulk and $13 50 $ ton in sacks.
C( J'Fh.K— C. K. Blckford's circular says: '• A
steadier tone to Brazil grades has been noticeable
abroad during the past ten days, and following this
sentiment there seems to be a slightly better feel
ing in mild Coffees. Although this has not yet re
sulted in any practical increase of business locally,
dealers stocks are beginning to demand replenish
ment and more activity is anticipated, especially
in view of the light arrivals, which are noticeably
behind lust year's at this date. To-day's stock in
'i" 1 . hands ■Is 353 * bags Costa Rica, 68 Salvador
487b Guatemala and .599 Mexican— in all 6864
■ In™* steamer ' San Bias is due , on the 25th
with 2000 bags. '• We quote the market steady."
Costa ZUcA-2oy 2 @2iy a cnom. for good to prime
washed: 20c nom. for good: ISOUftbe nom. for
good mixed with black beans: 17i;>@18Vi!C nom.
for fair; 14@161.2C nom. lor commoiTto ordinary.
Ha VArx.H — IBUIJJ2OV4C nom. for fair to good
washed; 18Viiail9o for good bleached t.nd green
unwashed.
•UTATKMAI A AND MkXICA N— 21(3121 VaC ¥ *0r [
prime to strictly prime washed; 20@20^ic for
good to strictly good -vnshed : 18%®19^40 for talr
washed; 16i/a@lßc for medium: 15(a>16V*c for ;
ordinary; laVi&H^c for inferior to common; !
fi \'i@'i'2c for good to prime washed peaberry: ■
for good unwashed peaberry.
SLUAH-Tlie Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushea, Powdered
nd Fine Crushed all 55 /H e: Dry Granulated, sc:
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 4S/ g c: Extra
C, 41,4 c; (iolden C, |Uc; half-barrels, ' 14c more
than barrels, and boxes y y e more.
s\ XLI'— Uolden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5y 2 ®6c; second quality,
4'. 2(a5c; third do. «i/ 2 @4c ?, Ib.
».,' AI '~'' arKe - s@t>c; small. 6©7 cl* lb.
BUTTON- Wethers. e®6V4c: Ewes. 6c Tp. Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. l-'V-c; yearlings, 7c "# lb.
PORh— Live Hogs, 3y 2 @36/»c for large and Si/ a c
for small: dressed do, 6@6c V Ib.
RECKIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 hours.
Flonr.nr. 5k5..... 23,5S4|Hides, n0.......... 627
V\ hear, ctls 118.074! Felts. odls..™ 225
Barley, ctls... l.lhOU'ine. gals 24,510
Corn, ctls 370; Butter, ctls 27
sye>s ye> ctls 1,1 70 Cheese, cils 13
Potatoes, gits. 304 Eggs. d0z.......... 960
Onions. sks 128 Paper, reams 200
V. T ,^l\ Blts — 990 Leather, r0115...... 163
Middlings, 5ka..... 208 Quicksilver, flasks 65
Hay. tons. 150 Chicory, bbls 16
Btraw, tons iq!
THE STOCK MARKET.
The week opened with a ste.idy market and the
best prices were somewhat higher as a rule than
those of Saturday, under light, trading.
. s V :■■ NOTES.
Fireman's Fund Insurance has declared the reg
ular quarterly dividend of $3, payable to-day.
The weekly reports from the Comstock are as
follows: "'•*'-'
In the Chollar mine they extracted from the
slopes above the 450 level during the week and
sent to the Nevada mill 112 tons of ore. Theaver
age battery assay was 34 62 per ton. The Potosl
mine yielded for the week 191 tons of ore from tne
openings above the 550 level and sent the same to
the Nevada mill. The average battery assay was
$21 90 per ton. In the Alpha Consolidated mine
the west crosscut from the southwest drift 450
level is in 69 feet; the face is in clay and porphory
with seams of quartz through it. During the week
a west crosscut was started f.om the north drift '
from the main west crosscut at a point 58 feet
north and it was advanced 6 feet through clay and ',
quartz yielding fair assays.
Mkxican-1000 level— The north drift from the
station has been advanced 42 feet; total length,
233 feet: in a porphyry formation, carrying clay
separations. Have continued jointly with the
Onliir Company the work of making repairs in the ;
Ophir shaft upward from the 3000 level.
Ophik— looo level— The south drift from the sta- <
stion has be?n advanced 14 feet: total leneth,'243 !
feet: in a rorphyrv formation, carrying clay sep- I
aration in heavy ground, which called for repairs
and easiiiK limbers. Have continued jointly with
the Mexican Company he work of making repairs
in the main shaft upward from this level
< knthai . ki^-250 level-The old north
drift from the bottom of the winze on 'he sill floor
of this level has been extended rlurlngtne week 18
feet: totnl lensth, 141 feet; It passed through '
quartz nssayine $3 and $5 per ton. From this drift
at a point 1 32 feet In from its mouth an east cross-
Mitruid t pen advanced 31 feat in quartz assaying !
52 nnd $3 per ton. . • I
Tunnel level— The crosscut running west from !
the drift run northwesterly from the Mexican
shaft— s6 feet above the sill floor of this level-hns i
h.-n extended 20 fee- : total length, 255 feet, p-ss- !
in- lhr<iK-h a solid ho.lv of qaartz with clay sepa
ration, assaying *3 ami $4 per ton.
UNION Cov.-fltiO levnl-The upraise from th» !
Joint west drift, lf-(l ffet west from shaft lihs beet] '
carried DP and {limbered during the week a dis- i
tance of 14 feet: total height 162 feet, top in quartz !
carrying low assays. The north drift from ea«t 1
crosscut 3, which v tin started 100 feet #*tt from
the Sierra Nevada north lateral drift, run from the
joint west drift from the shaft, has been extended
17 feet: total length, 442 feet, face in hard por
phyry.
IIAI.K A NoßCTtoss-975 level-No. 1 upraise—
Have been working north on the fifth, sixth and
seventh floors. The. ore streak continues at all I
points, and is fully as wide and of as cood grade as ■
it was when making last report. Have also run a
west crosscut on the eighth floor at a point 20 feet I
south of raise and advanced the sam» 23 feet.
This crosscut has passed through some very small
seams of . good ore; the face is now in porphyry.
No. 2 upraise— Have been working south on the
seventh floor; also north and south on the eighth
and ninth floors. The ore co tinues about the
same in width and the ore is of same excellent '
quality as at date of last report. ;..•,'
No. 3 nnraise— Are raising on the fourth floor.
The ore streak is wider an.l of better quality than i
it was on the third floor. he usual amount of re
tlmbfring and repairing where • most needed >
throughout the mine lias been kept up during the I
week. Extracted during the week from our open- !
ings HO cars of ore, assaying per mine car sample,
gold $37 78, silver 43 9-10 ounces per ton.
Occidentai>-550 level— west crosscut
started at a point 280 feet south of the main winze ■
has been extended IK feet through porphyry
'total length. 77 feet. •- ' '
650 level -The main northwest crosscut has been
extended CM feet: total length. 820 feet : the fiice
la in quartz and porphyry. The nor;h drift from
said crosscut is in 94 fe t. having been extended
10 feet during the week. The face shows 2 feet of
fair-graile ore.
From the top of the upraise, started from said
north drift, we have crosscut to the east a distance '
of 12 fret. The crosscut shows « streak of ore 18 i
Inches wide which assays about 36 per ton.
760 level— The west crosscut started nt a point I
in the north drift 310 feet north of the main I
winze has been extended 15 feet; total length 107
feet, and continues in hard porplivry.
Ai.TA-B'-'5 level- The south lateral drift,. 825 I
level, was extended 17 feet: total length, 229 feet- !
face in quartz assaying from $5 to $122 per ton.
The north lateral drift, same level, was extended
12 feet; total length, 191 feet; face is in por- '
phyry.
Brunswick Exploration* Company— Shaft
1 on Hale A Norcross around near the Chollar
Company's north boundary: At this shaft the sta
tion which was being cut out at the date of my last
report lias been completed and we have started an
east crosscut from the same, which has been ad
vanced 12 feet, passing through porphyry, clay
and strfhgen of quartz showing some value.
shaft 2 on the boundary of the Con. Cal. * Vir
ginia and Best & Belcher companies' grounds has
been sunk 9 feet on the incline, passing through
hard porphyry; total depth, 209 feet.
The Gould <£ Curry Company's tunnel started In
Savage Company's ground has been extended 25
feet, passing through porphyry, clay and quartz
showing some value; total length from mouth of
tunnel, 612 feet. • - ' ■ ■
Reports from the Best A Belcher, Bullion. Gould
& Curry and Utah contain no news of importance.
BOAKIJ SALKS.
Following were the sales in the Sao' Francisco
StocK Board yesterday:
KrnrUMKOßNivisEßiinN-mMvuvoiN-n XT'): 30.
300 Alpha 19 400 V.. 2.401600 Occldtl... 76
400 20 100 2.36 1000ph1r.... 1.30
800 B &8....85 100 Crown Pt.2O ! 200 1.35
100 84 200 G &. C.....621005Nev 42
100 80d1e.....40100H«fc N..1.1.\ 100 ...41
800 Chollar — 57700 Mexicn...sß Utah 06
AyTFRNOOV skssiov -
100 Bodie 40! BOG &C...... 541100 Savage... .27
100 Challnge..36;loo 0ccidt1....73 800 Utah...... 06
200 CCA V... 2.40, 50 Ophir.... 60 V Jackt,...45
following were the sales in the Pacific Stoclc
Board yesterday:
KKotu.ATi RKHMON— IO-.TV ,-". .f. 'iX
400 Alpha 20 1000 Con 1m..02 260 0cc1d......80
200 Alt* 08 500 C N V..... 06 1400 ..........82
200 Andes 600 C P0int. ...20 100 83
300 Belcher.. 400 Kxcnqr ...07 200 Potosi .....63
600 BAB 86 50OG & 0..... 53.800 ...........54
300 8u11i0n....16'1200 HAN ..1.1S:6OO Savage....
600C«leda OS *00 1.17V 4 600 Scorpion. .o2
600 Change.. ..32 1.20 800 S B A M...09
600 34 500 Julia 02 400 "3Nev 42
400 35:400 Justice.... o3 600 Hill 02
600 Ch0iiar. ...57,200 Kentck.-.05 500 Union C...34
500 5H«()0 Mexican.. 400 Utah 05
900 62 200 Ophirl.:v_'i/.» 400 V JacJtet..l3
600 CCaV... 2.40 800 0vrmn.... 1*41200 ..........14
200 C0nti....1.00i j
AKTKRNOOK RItMIOV— I , •
300 Alpha 20250 Confl .1.06:200 0ph1r...1.35 •
'- 200 2111000 1mp...1123000vrmn....17
•-'OO Alt*. 07,200 C P0int... 201200 F0t05i.....54
200 Andes 20.400 Exchqr....o7 300 Savage. ...26
AW) Rolcner...26j4OOU C 53 900 .. .....27
200 H <fc B h6>600 •••■• .... 56200 SB* M...10
100 Bodie 41 400 HAN ...1.20 300 8 Nev....41
300 8u11i0n. ...16800 K«ntuclf..o6 l 200 Union ....35
200 Bulwer... 12 300 Mexican.. sß7oo Utah .....OB
°00 aled » • 08 500 Mono 700 V Jacket..44
800 < »>ailni;e..3s: iooOccldll....B2 50 ...........43
300 (hollar... 400 85 900 45
200 CC&V...2.40 BUO ...... .".."Btfr-":
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Jan. 20-4 P. v.
JP*. C0n..... 20 22 Jack50n........ -40
. •*"* 06 OSJJulia. — 03
£*, V - 19 aOJuitlc.. 02 03
Si ?*»••; 26 27KentncK. ...... 06 07
Beit & Belonee. 85 87 Lady Wash.... — 01
£*'" on(Jon -— - 40 Mexican 59 60
I??. 1 '- *0 41 Mt. Diab10..... -r 15 20
h^w " 17 18 Mono 05 07
, B " ler1 er ....... i 3 14 Nevada 04 06
r!in n '*V— 08 10 Occidental ,85-86
Lt» ng * C 0B -' 86 37 Ophir 1.36 1.40
1i ........ .00 61 overman 18 19
Con.Cal.*Va.'2.4o a.45;i'0t0w.;.......: 54 65
SJ' 1 "'"*- 01 08-bav«e 27 28
Co)fldeace..._l.oo 1.05 feg. Belcher... 08 10
rnfZ o'*'0 '*' * 06 Sierra Nevada, 41 43
K^s J^-" M 22 Scorpion 03 -
*.aßtbierra»«» _ 04 Silver Hi 11..... —li 03
Kxchequer..... -' 06 08 Silver K1n«.... 20 -
fr? I***1 *** 110l l on — - ; — 25 Syndicate 02 —
'h.!?^,? 64tni0nC08..." 34 36
Bale* 1.20 1.25 Utah........... 05 06
10wa........... 02 u4 Yellow JacWM. 45 46
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. '
MONDAY, Jan. 20-2 r. M.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MISCELLAXBirs BI)XD<.
Cal-stCbleSs. - 110 !Do. 2d las 6s. - -
CalElecl.6s.lO6 - l'*OKy6s. - 108
CntraCWSs. - 100 P&Ch itv 102«4106V
Dpnt-st 77 95 l'wl-st.RR6s. — 116%
KdsiiL<fcP 65.10«y 4 108 Reno. WL*fcL — 105
*<fcCHJKR6s.IC6 108 I River \V Co6s — 100
Oeary-5tR55.102%105 lHactoP ,t 1...100 102
IX)sAngi.6s. — 101 ,SF«feNPRRSs — H 0y 2
lJo,liiited.6s. — 101V 2 ibPRRAri7.63 - 94 ' 4
ilkt-stCble6sl22 _ Z BPRRCaI6s..UO -
lioß\tonss..loß 108%!SPRR Calss.. — 97i/i
— 100 SriJrßCaies. — 97y a
>. PCKK6s.IO3Va - feV Waters*.. 1203,4121
RKy Caies.lOOVa - BV\Vater4s._ 99 99Vi
■Ij Ky ss. •— ■ 103 StkwKi&Kß* - 103
Uaki.as 53 " 1041/ 2 - SunstT&T6s.lOO -
£o, .Miss os. 104 1/ 2 - Sutter-stßss. — 110 '
Omnibus 65.. — 120 VisaliaWU6» - 9'J
PacKollM6s_ — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 40 47y San Jose 75y a «6
Mann Co 49 — |SprlngValley 96% 97
•■ i GAS STOCKS.
Capital ...... - 40 iPadflo Light. 46 48
Central. .... 95 — SanFrancsco 7iy 3 72
Oak a L&H. 50 61 14 Stockton. .... - 2iy a
racOaslmp. 7J» 791,2
r ' ; ■'!':■ .'i °'h ■ insuranck stocks.
FlremansFd.l6s 170 |Sun 66 W —
COMMKECIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TO. — — Londonl\tA.l2B —
Anglo-Gal... 681/4 - London&BP. — 30
BankofCal.. - 233 .Merch Ex.... Vi —
C'aISDATCo.. 571/ a6l INevada.. .. — — ,
FlrstNationl.l77 180y '6atherBCo_ — —
rangers .... — — 1
SAVINGS BANK STOCK*.
OerSALCo.I4IO — ISav&Loan.. - 102'/ a
HumbS&L.IOOO — Security 210 2bO
Mutual 35 41 3 Union Trust. — 820
bFSavUnioD — 490 . 1
BTRKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 1/ 3 — Oak.SL.fcH.ajr — 100.
Geary-st 60 70 11-reslaio 6 —
Market-gt.... 44 44y a Sulter-st — —
POWDEII STOCKS,
Atlantic D... 15 — Judson — —
California,... — 98 Vigorit. — 1
(ilanu — 18%
% : <>r'- "■■ MISCELLANKnI'S STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 97 100 OceanicSSCo 17% 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 ' PacAuxFA.. 1 — "
CalCotMills.. — — Pac Borax... 68 100 .
CalDrvDock. — — PacI&NCo. — 30
Edison Light 97 9«% Pacßoll Mill 22 —
(•asConAssn. — — i>'nrf I'aintCe. 6 7%
HawC&SCo.. 7% 8 IPacTransCo. — 26
HutchSPCo.. 12% 13i4!PacT<SrTCo 65 —
JudsonMfgO. — — {bunsecT&T.. 40 —
MerKxAssnlOO 110 |UnitedOCo.. — 25
MOBNISO »M«IOS. •
Board— B Pacific Gas Imp. 79Vi: 40 SV Water.
96y 8 ; 1 do, 97 : $3000 SV 4% Bonds, 99.
AFTERNOON- BKBSION.
Board-in S V Water, 95%; 30 do, 96%.
Street— slooo Omnibus Cable, lIPVi.
IHK CALL CALENDAB.
Jani-ary, 1896.
Sa.
j Moon's Phase*.
2
8
<7"\ Last Quarter.
10
— v*/ January 7. I
' J.Z: New Moon. I
i Quarter.
; January 7.
7
8
c
16
17
«M 4 i-«V.?v iuuuii.
'Q&'January 14.
18 |
3 First Quarter
January 22.
25
iCk Full Moon,
j \x/ January 30.
a New Moon.
January 14.
14
16
i 21
19
2a
23
29
30
'28
OCEAN STKASIKRS.
Dates of Departure Irom San Fmnclfro.
HTEAHEK. | UKBTIKA*IO" |
SAILS.
i PIEK.
Australia.... | Honolulu >Jan2l,lOAM Oceanic
Del I\orte .. Grays Hari>or. Jan 21. 6pm .
Polnti/Oma. j Grays Harbor. .1an '22.12 m Pier 2
Homer Coosßav I Jan 22. 6pm Oceanic
Pomona | Ilumboldtßay Jan 2. 2pm Piertt
Santa ito»*.. fan Dieiro Jan '22.11 am Pier 11
Stale of Cai Portland lan 24.10 am Pier 24
fct Pau1...... Newport Jan 24, 9am Pier 11
Araeo coo* liar Jan25.lOAM I'ierlS
Walla Walla Vie & Pgt Bnd Jan 25. 9am Pier 9
illanit Val Mexico Jan 25.10AMiPier 11
C0r0na...... San Dtejro Tan26.llAM Pier 11
fc-ureka .... Newoort ! Jan Ham Pier 11
i'arallon.... l aautna Bay.. ■ Jan '.:B.loam Pier 2
ABlanctiaru eortlanrt :.ian2M.IUAM Pier 1.1
Coptic China & Japan Jan 28. 3pm PMSS
mißlub.... Panama latins, l2 MtP.MSS
BTKA SEEKS TO AKKIVK.
Stkamer I
Dim
Arcata ......... I
Homer I
State of Cal
Walla Wa11a....
Pomona. ....... :
Crescent City... j
Coptic i
National City*.. ,
StjPaui... !
South Coast.;... i
Arn5r0. ;........ j
Alice Blancnard
Corona..
San 8ia5;'...:...
Costa Rica
Washtenaw ....
Columbia..
Eureka.
I niatilia ■
North Fort
Fsrallon :
Santa U05a... ... '
I Coos Bay ]
Coos isav....
Portland
: Victoria A Puget Sound
Hum bold V Bay
! Crescent City-
China and Jaoan
, II vn i iii li !
' Newport. !
i Portland :
Coos Bay ■ I
t'ortland... j
San Dieco „ j
i'anama ..
Departure Bay ;
Panama...* |
Portland
Newport
Victoria A I'ueet So and
Huinboldt Bay
■ Yaaulna ilay
Kan Diego..
! ..Jan 21
; ..Jnn '_'l
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jan 22
I ..Jaa 28
. ..Jan 22
L.Jan 22
. Jan 32
i ..Jan 24
..Jan 24
j ..Jan 24
, . Jan 25
; ..Jan 25
i ..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jau 27
..Jan 27
..Jan 2H
SUN AND TIDE TABLK.
HUH WATKK li.U WATKR.j BUST. MO OX.
-argp. Small. Large. Small . Rlsesl Sets Sets
4.19 a! 4.38p10.43aJ 9.34p! 7.22 6.21 O.OOa
4.44a1 6.17i»11.87»I1008pI 7.2H 6.22 0.09p
\VA
8 OK.
P
□
II .
HYDROGKAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hvdrookaphic Ofkicf;., T7. S. Nf. "k
Mkrchants' ExcHA.vnrc. V
San Francisco, January 20. 189«. J
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. I. I'KCIITKI,KR,
Lieutenant V. S. N., in charge.
!»Hl*»Pl>li IM'iILLiUIiJiCK.
Arrived.
..-. , - •/- MONDAY. January 20.
- Stmr Point Lomsi, Conway, 114 hours frm Grays
Harbor; pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Com
mercial Co. .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 63% hrs from San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A
Co.
Strnr I.nkme, Anderson, 41 hours from San
Pedro; ballast, to Chas Nelson.
Stmr Del None, Ktockfleth, 120 hurs from Grays
Harbor; pass and lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 16 hours from Santa Cruz,
etc: produce, to Good all. Perkins <fc Ca
Stmr Mackinaw, Ltttlefield, — hrs from Comox;
3000 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr Empire, Anderson, 7 days from Astoria
lumber, to N P S S Co. .
Jsr ship Larnaca. Giles, 134 days from Hamburg;
mdse. to Meyer, Wilson it Co. .-■ ■-
Br ship Craigend, Lewthwaite, 131 days from
South Shields: mdse, to Girvin & Eyre.
Ger ship Occident, Ruhartb, 142 days from Hull,
via Newcastle, En?, 128 days; mdse, to Ballour
Guthrle A Co.
Br schr Alexander, Buchanan, 37 days from
Punta Arenas; 750 cedar logs, 9 mahogany logs, to
Dleckmann A Co. ':.--..:
Cleared. ,
MONDAY, January 20.
Stmr City of Sydney, Johnston, Panama; Pacific
Mail SS Co. ■■....
Stmr City of Panama, Cattarinich Panama etc-
Pac MallS 5 Co.
«tmr City of Everett, Buckman, Xanaimo: R
Dunsmulr A Sons. ■ ...
Stmr North Fork, Hanson, Eureka; Charles
Nelson. ■■■•
■• Br ship Ancaios, Fulton, Tacoma; J D Sp'reckels
<& tiros CO. . -
Sailed. 1 •
MONDAY. January 20.
Stmr Eureka, .Tepsen, San Pedro. . ..'.'.-
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend. • .
Hrs;mr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. ■
Telegraphic. '
POINT LOBOS— January 20-10 r v— Weather
thick; wind SE; velocity 25 miles.
Charter!.
The Br bark Birkdalo was chartered prior to ar
rival for lumoer at Hastings' Milts for Freemantie.
A US., 62s 6d. '
The Br ship Strathdon is chartered for wheat to
London direct, 23s 9d, option of Sydney, 18s 6d.
These rates show a decline.
Spoken.'
Per Del Norte— Twenty miles south of Crescent
City passed schr J G Wall, from Eureka, lor ban
.Francisco.
• Memorandum.- ,:•; '^ .'<
Per Empire— Jan 19, off Xavarro, ichr
Barbara Hernster asked to be reported. .
. Domestic. Ports.
KEDONDO-Arrlved Jan 20-Stmr Cleone. from
Fort Bragg. vv\-'-' ■
COOS BAY— Jan 20— Stmra Homer and
Arcata, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE-Arrived Jan 18-Shlp Louisiana
hence Jan 14. . . • ,
: GKEENWOOD-Arrlved Jan 20-Stmr Alcazar
hence Jan 19. • '
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 20-Schr Annie Larsen.
from San Pedro. -- ■■: ■ :.. . . .
VENTURA- Arrived Jan 19-Stmr Gco Loomi*
hence Jan 17. •.-•■■-..
Sailed Jan 20-Stmr Geo Loomls. for San 'Fran
-PORT BLAKELEY-Arrived Jan 20-Schr CS
Holmes, from San Pedro.
_ALBION-Batled Jan 19-Stmr Albion, for San
Francisco. . , ( -',. >-• ■■■■ - • •
NEW WHATCOM-Salled Jan 19-Schrs Chal
lenger and Compeer, for San Francisco.
PORT LOSANGELES-Arrlved Jan 19-Stmr
Proweso. from Comox.
■ASTORIA-Sailed Jan. 19-Stmr Alcatraz, for
ban Francisco; Jan 20— Stmrs Alice Blanchard
and south Coast, for San Francisco.  •
■v <J J} A Y S HARBOR-Sailed Jan 20-Schrs Helen
x* Klmhail. Annie Gee and Ruby a Cousins and
stmrs Protection and Truckee, for San Francisco.
■ ' -' V i Caitteru Ports.
tofs£^?™ C o CleaTeA Jan 18 ~ Bark Undaunted
CoTon) V YOR^- s * iled Jan2o-Stmr AlUanca, lor
I'"orel|r>i Ports,
BRLSTOL-Salled Jan IK-lirshlp Valkyrie, for
Snnta Kosalla.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived .lan ltf-limhlp
Silverhorn, from .Melbourne to load.
HULIy— Arrived Jan IM-Brshlp Durihope, from
Tacoma,
HONGKONG— Arrived .lan IB— stiur City of
Peking, lience Dec 21.
l imiioH ut ions.
GRAYS HARBOR— Del Norte— l4o eds stave
bolts, 17f> M ft lumber, 16 pkgs snooks.
SAN DIKGO— Per Santa Kosa— pkgs nidsP.
CO cs mineral water. 660 bxs oranges, 2 hf-bxs 17
bxs limes. 290 bxs lemons, 6 bxs tangerines, 1 cs
honey, 47 bdls dried rish, 4 b:;s olive oil, Bcs eggs.
Ri'doiido-4 chillies. 5; pkgsmdae, 11 bxs
grape fruit. 84 bxs lemons. 175 bxs 103 hf-bxs 20
crates oranges.
Los Angeles via Kedondo— s cs syrup, 44 Dkgs
mdae.
Port Los Angeles— l pk« mdse. 137 bx.s oranges,
1 keg olives, 3 cs peas, '1 bxs vegetables, Vo3z sks
corn.
Los Angeles via Port Los Anglos— B pk^snidsp.
26 bxs lemons, '2 bxs candy, 76 bales wool, H2O sks
plaster. 1 bx leather, 5 buls grease, l cs seeds, 1 crt
tires, 3 os cigars.
lVrt llitrford — 16 dressed calves. 5 hxs rlsli, Ibx
dried rabbits, 6 sks dried fruit, 38 bxa apples, 1 ox
honey. 21 bis butler, 1 cs cheese, 30 cs egna. 3a
bdls hides.
SOUTH HE.VD—l'er Point Loraa— 4 bbls butter.
Hoquiam— 4 bdls splints.
Grays Harbor— 97 eds stave bolts.
1 Aberdeen— 3 i>ks;s castings, 1 mdsp.
cosmopolis— lso M ft lumber, '2 pkgs hardware,
8 pkes hides. 1132 cm salmon.
Santa Barbara— '.0 l>xs lemons. 11 ' sks crawfish.
moss LANDING— Per Gipsy— B9 sks potatoes, 1
cs eggs. ■
Moro Cojo— l49 sks potatoes, S7O ska barley.
Blanco— l cs eitcs.
■ WatsonviUe— l9B sks potatoes.
SantaCruz— lS bells salt hides, 23 cs cheese, Ibx
hardware, 2 bxs butter, 1000 bbls lime. 1 pkg
saws.
Soquel— l4l bxs apples, 1 bx meat, 1 keg cider.
Consignees. .
Per Santa Rosa— Wa«bburn, Moon Co: CB
Rode & Co: P Jacobs; Wilson & Baechtel ; Gilbert,
Clement & Co:' Dodge Sweeney <BT Co: Hills Bros;
O B Smith & Co: Dairymen's Union ; San Francisco
Brewery; Enterprise Brewery; Gould & Jaudin;
Norton. Teller it Co; Heller, Bachmau & Co; M !S
Simas; Immel & Co; F Phorner; Automatic Regis
ter Co; Gutia I'ercha and Rubber Co: (; II Tay &■
Co; BCnrtais; L bpiegel; Jonas Krlan?er A Co; H
OGreenhood; Garcia Magcini; Wetmore Bros:
Milwaukee Brewery; Wood, Curtis it Co; Cartlett
Springs Mineral Water Co: Gray & Karbieri: Nash
& Co; Wolf ,fc Son: Cam podonico«S Malcolm: N W
Spaiiidlntr; \V <fe J Sioane & Co: De Bernnrdi A Co:
J> Biajrl Co; D E Allison Co; L Scatena it Co;
Kowalsky & Co: Starr <fc Co; 11 Palmer: W a New
hall: \V W Jones: II H Hocan: J B Powlesi Cal
Electric Works: .1 J Melzer & Co; B LI ten tig; I al
Fruit Exchange: H Dotard; Ncwmark A Edwards:
Mutual MfgCo: Whitman. Barnes MfgCo; li B
Guttlcman: A li Bstee; W L Snell; Uinaldo Bros;
C E Whitney it Co; Brlgham, lloppe it Co; Edwin
Mohrtg; E J Bowen <fc Co; Brown it Adams; O Her
man: Ilußhson & Co; American Union Fish Co: E
Wasserman <fc Co: A Paladini: <i Camillonl <& Co-
Kilmer. Bredhoff A Schuiz; Milani it Co; Pacific
Coast Fish Co; « Levy ,v- Co; Western Meat Co: II
Keruen ; Predericksburg Brewery; Wltzel it Baker;
Trobock if Bercen; Bissinger.)!: Co; WF Mitchell ;
V B Hntglit : H Kirchmann A Co: Get 7. Bros it Co;
C Carpy <fc Co: II N Tilden & Co; C Jacobson & Co:
Ruhs, Sunders A Co; J Hoffman. .
Per Point Loma— Grars Harbor Commercial Co:
Bissincer & Co: Norton, Teller iV Co: Balz Bros it
Co: Wheaton, Brpon it Co: Cal Bottling Co: Wea
ton Basket to; Dunham, Carrigan & Co: National
Brewery; Pacific W it C Co: Taylor A Co.
Per. Del None— E X Wood Lumber Co; Pacific
Woodenware and Cooperage Co; Weatou Basket
Co.
Per Gipsy— Thomas Lotißliran: Geo W MoNoar;
Jonas Erlanser AGO; Il.rrn.in .Ioost : Hills Bros;
Dalton Bros: II Cowel] A to; I) E Allison <ft Co: L
C Frederickson & Co: Brigham, Hoppe A Co: Kron
Tanning Co: Wieiand Brewlna; <o; Enterprise
Brewery; Uairymen"s Union; W'lieaton, Breon &
Co.
For Lntr Shipping Tntelli'jtnre See F : .ffrn\'h I'rge.
I^^ . OFFICE FURNITURE
gjilgll AND FIXTURES.
M?JI'%;3l C - F. WEBER & CO.,
'*i£r^*^ 300 to 30(i Post St.. cor. Stocks i i
tf^^""^-^^^^^;"^^^ OFFICH and i^ l
JP^~~!~ Jfn TYPEWRITER, OE3
mjV_ii--j^ W. C. UAKIG, £» j
157 New Montgomery ISL \
Two In One. Street, S. F. iS
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS?
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP 'GOHPISI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND. :„
First Class .&0.00
Second. <Z71c&5i0....^5.00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
UOODALL, PERKINS '& CO.,
General Agents.
O. R..JJB3 IST.
ASTORIA PORTLAND.
$2^o Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 19-
State of California sails January 24
COODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. P. CONNOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM >9«a»
Broadway whan, San Francisco, as WiiMlIC
j lollown: _„
I For Mary Island, Lorlni?. Wran«el. Janeau. Kil-
i lisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at a a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
! Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
»end, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
WhMCom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. B. 10. 16, '20, 25. 30, and every fifth
1 day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
! th» C. I*. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.«
' •t Seattle with U. N. Ry., al Port Townsend with
i Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
! boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 P. M-, Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14,
i 18. 22, 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncos,
i Port Ilarford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
1 Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East Sao
j Pedro (Los Angeies* ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. .lan.
! 4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth daj
1 thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford :
! (Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los ;
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11 j
! a. M., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
I fourth day thereafter.
For Ensennda, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Par.. Altata and Ouayiuas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley. 10 a. m.. 26:h of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St., Ban Francisco.
IEGE.!ERALE TRAVSATLAITIQIIB
' French Line to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIER (NEW), 43 NORTH rt,jj»
I V River, foot of Morton St. Trawlers by ££iSTO
\ this line avoid both transit by English rail.vayuau
j me discomfort of crossing th« channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
nrst-class $160; second class, $116. *
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupc
'. January 11
LAGASCOGNE, Capt. 8aude10n... .......[
■ January 18, ... \".
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. i'oirot, "*
.January 25, :-."""
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf .... ....'..'.'.""
February. 1.. ..."
J*3" For further particulars apply to
.'-■ .:i.. f ;?'.-:-; ■ d A. FORGET, Ag^nt.
t ir T?ur a»! Vpn Wlin « Green, New York.
a/e-nu F e, I^/ancfacg 0 - Aeent3 ' 5 Monqomwy
white ,STAR Lli\E.
Dnlled States and Royal Mail Steamers
Und, Mcoiland. sS mSSS ° m K ,"*< laud ' lr «-
-throughtos»a FrJn^p n '«? y " nd """"ark
mmmmm
General Agent ror Pacific Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P. Mi Daily, Kxccpt Sunday.
4S" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
'  - STKAJIKK :
T. C. Walker. J. D. Pet«r ,
Blary Garratt, .• City of Stockton,
Telephone Main 808. Cm. Nay. and Impt. Co.
YALLEJO AIM MARE ISLAM.
'■.'• STK. MONTICELLO,
Dally, , except Sunday— lo a. m., 4P. tL
csunday— B r. it.
V*Bs dla«. Mission 1. P| w *o ;
-■...■ ..-■-." ■ .--...
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
mum STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
■,i || || tmi Coolgardlo go d HeHi
1 (Kreemantle). Aostrsr
\ WM.t- li:i: WM Hrst class,
• JB&lfT' nOMTTT ill U* * i 10 steerage. Low««
fU jirfssss*w rates to Capetown,
BB^& JrT^^^hk. h'juiU Arrica.
' üßS^ff T^rA vWk steamship Australia,
jßfWf LJL 'F Honolulu only, i'u s-
Hf/ ] *'&') day. .ian.iuiy •_'), at 10
' W i&*^tJ )sB§ Australian steamer,
NI Vl ' A, salU via
t *>'>^'. 'J^ Honolulu an 1 Auci-
lai.'l, s ■''''•■- '•• | >.
Special Partie.*— Reduced si>ecial ra'.e3 for
I parties i-"- 1 '. ti and Id, lbSti.
Ticket oiilce. 114 Montgomery street.
« Freight olllce, 32/ Market street.
J. D. SPHKCKKLrf & lUtoS^, Gt-neral Agents.
ROYAL MAIL sffiWAGKET COIPAII.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL ajjl
fortnlgbtly for the West Indies and **am
Southampton, calling en route at C rbour^li,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection wnn th«
Pacitic Mail S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
nr" to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: thirl
glass, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
[•ABBOTT ft CO., Agents.
-.■/:,•■ :<IIS >:-,ilirornla «t-
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SMFRASCISCO & R'ORTH PI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
- San Francisco to Sail Rafael.
WE^r. D AT, a 7 7:401 * ?i0 ' "°° AM -= 13: »\
mi&' ™ 10 ' 6:30 p - M - Thursdays-Extra trl»
11 i : ! :30 M M SatUrday *~ Exlra trlpS at l! **
6U1 65)0,^i20 8 p 0 ° M . 9:301 11:0 A M - : 1:30 3:iJ *
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:05. .9-30 11-10 a w.
i^lb^an^^«S^^
BU -5!oo.'«^;. 1o m. 9;40 ' 11:1 ° A - M - : i:4 °- 3: *»
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park urn.
schedule as above. * «■»«■
San Francisco. ocT^S.' Pan Francisco,
Wbkk ! Sun- DeslfnaVion Hr:< - | Wkek"
Days. i DAYB. destination. DAY 9 | I)AV!l
7:40 AMIB.OO am Novato, 10:40 am 8.50 AM
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petalr.ma, , 6:05 pm 10:30 a* i
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton. j~ rr
T :4O am Windsor, I 10:30 AM
Healdsburg, j
Geyserville, I
{ 8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
. _ fieta, I - ~~~
\ 7:40 am; Hopland &
I ■ |8:00 am Ukiah. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
i -40 am I 1 10:30 Tit
8:00 am GuernevlMe. 7:30 »m
»:80tm __^ --.. ■-■ ] 6:15 pic
7:40 am 8:00 am I Sonoma 10:40"ah 8:50 aw
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pu and 6:05 raj 6:15 pm
j \ I Glen Ellen. |
I 7:40 am 1 8:00 AMI Spha fonf ,i 10:40 AM 1 10:30 AM
, 3:30 I'M 1 6 :00 pm 1 SeDa "topol- | 6:05 pm| 0:15 PM
Stages connect at Sau Rafael for Bolinas.
j Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
. 6ta?es connect at Pleta for Highland Spring*,
; Kelseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Rlus .
i Lakes. Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Usal, Westport,
: Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter 1 Valley, Job*
! Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, scoii»
and Eureiea.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
rates.
: On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points tM>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
! Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle build!
li. a WHITING, R. x. by aw,
Oen. Manager. Oen. Pass. Agent.
SOUTH BBS !• AVXT IC tOMPAST.
(PACIFIC BYSTKM.)
Train* leave ami arc ilin- to arrive si
MAN rilANt I*l «>.
LEAVE — FHOM NOVCItCER 20, 189& — ARRIVI
G:3oa Haywards, J. lies and Way Stations.. 1O:I.1a
7:«Oa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Fast.. 8:45p
7:OOa Ecnicil, Vacaville, Ilurrsey. Sacra- .
monto, and Hcddlns via UaTis.... 7:13p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ilsmon, Xapa, Calis-
toga aud Santa Rosa 6:13p
•UIOaNIIss, Han .lose, HtocUton, lone,
Sacrament?, Jlirysviilc. Red l:iu(I
and Sundays ezceptedOroTillc... 4:ISp
•8:SOa Peters and Milton *7:13p
»:OO.v San Lsandro, Haywards k Way Ht'ns 11:15*
9:UUa Los Angeles Kxprrss, Raymond,
(for Yosemitc), Santa Barbara
and T.u.i Anceloi , 4.-43r
«:OOa Martinez ar.d 5t0ckt0n. . .:.....:...:- 1«:4.1a
1 <):<>(> a San Loandro, Haywcrdß and HUes . l:»5p
12:OOMSanLcan<lro,UayTT3rd3*WaySt'ns - 8:45f
• 1 :»((;' Niles, .San Jcscand Livcrmorc M:4s*.
•I:OOp Sacramento llivcr Btcniucrs *0:00p
- fl:aop Port Costa and Way Stations -t~:-l."ip
:t:«dp San Lcanuro, llayn'arils& Way ht'ns ."i:4sp
4:«)Oi> San Leandro, llaywards& WaySt'ns S:4sf
4:O«r Martinez, Han Uamon. vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, 1.1 Virano and
Santa Kos-.i VilSa
4:»«jf Benlc: i. , Esparto. Woodlanil, ■: • • : rr.
% Kuigiiis . Landing. Marysville,
Ororille and Baen lento l*:43a
4tSop Nile.-!, San Jose, Livermore and
■ Stockton 7:15p
5:00p SanLeandro, Ilaywards&WoyPt'ns 8:15f
8:3 Op New Orleans \'\\ .•■ .. I nfsiMj.Eakera-
ficlil, .Santa Barbara, J.Ol Angeles,
DerainK, Ell'aso, Now Oilcans and
East 1*:4.1 a
3:30p Snnt.i Fc Uoule, Atlantic Kxprrss
forMojavo and Bast 10:43 a
6:00 - Raropean Mail, Ogilen l^ast.... • 9:43 a
O:OOpllayniird>i, Kilts mid Sail. lose 7:13*
l~:»» i- Vallejo t?:43p
7:00p Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
*ille, Itcdding, Portland, Pngct
Sound and Kilt 1 0:4 A
7:OOp San Leandro, Hayvrardafc Way Bfns lO:5Op
9:0»P Han Leandro. H;iy wards* V,'ay.St us ttl2;«K>A
"Sunset limited," Fresno,' Los
Angeles, El Paso 1 , New Orleans
and East f TXi 1
ttllilS.- Sar.L<Mndra.ll:ywar<U.fcWa-vSt'ns 7:13*.
SANTA CltrZ DIVISION (Xsrroir Qa«ge).
BilSa NeTTavk.Ceuterville.Sini.losc.l'elton, ™
. , Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Oi3og
•Bil3p Newark, Centcrvitlo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Crrek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations * 1 1 :2Oa
4:13p Newark, nan Jose and Los Ratos 9:30 a
11:43r Hunters' Excursion San Jose and
Way Stations JT:2Op
COAST DIVISION (Third A; louiis.nd Sis.) '
«I:4.ja Sau .losa ami \\;:y (Station* (New "™
. Almaden Wednesdays only) l :4S»
8:13 a .San. lose, Ties Piuos, HanU Cruz,
/Tacilio Orove. Paso RuWcr, Sau
Lnll Ol.ispo, Gusdalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:05
10-.40 A San Jose ojul Way .Stations... 3:OOp
11:43 a Pal.) Alto mid Wny Stations 3:361
•2:aop San Joso, Ciilrny. Tres Pluos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey Bud Paciliq
UIOTO .' MO:4Oa
•3t3Op San Joso and Principal Way Stations 0:47*
; *-l:3Off>an Jose and Way Blatioua *H:or>»
5:30? Han Jose find Wny Stations «8:I»a
«::jOpSan Jose and Way Stations . 0:33*
♦ ll;-15l» San Joso nn.l .Way StHtii.im n:4.*»v
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. '
v j FTom SJIS rRINCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:10 9:00 11:00 a.m. ' tl:00 *2:20 13:01
•4:03 JS:OO ♦6:SOi > .H.
FromOUUND— Foot of Broad waj.— ■. *6-00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *1:00 $2:00 *3:CC ti:00
*5:00r.M. ■■. ■
___^
A for Morning. , P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. : . " t .Saturdays only.
1 Sundays only.
t \ Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
1 ITuesdays and Saturdays 6 Sundays and
i ~
8 Atlantic
1 Trains leave from and arrlTt
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3 :30 p.m., carryln" Pullman
Palace Sleepers and ToumtT Sleeper* W ™S!3
11 '^^ i — « &?£
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dlnlnr-cara.
under Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3-30 P « **,],
The best railway from California to the Emu
New rails, new ties; no dust; interesting scenerv-
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining
Curs. *
Ticket Oflico-644 Market Street,
Dhroulcle Building.
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. > (Via Suusalito Ferry).
Kroui San Francisco, beginning October '21 lftSS.
WEEKDAYS. *«»•*
ForMUl VMlev nnd tMUI Rafael— 7:30 9-15 nna
a. M.; 1:46. 3:15 5:15. «i : : or. m ii-w«
San Quentiu-7 :80, 0:16 a. m.: 1 5 16- M.
txtr* trips 'tor San l;af»»-l on Mondays. wiJiw
aays a;id Sjunrday* at. 1 1 :30 P r»t cane»
•SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Itnfnei and Hun On»nt<i.
8:00. 10:00. 11:80 a. m. ; l:Sl), S:00? 4 :30 %?ii .
p.m. »uoes not. run to San Qufoiln " !l-
rilltol tuai.vs.
V : l^ i" «' "' I tkll v> '- l l a7adero and way station*
I : . . p. v. Saturdays— and way atailonl
1 fliW a. M. »ua4ajr«^po4at »e, r •£{£ m\ifkInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
HILL WRITES HIS STORY.
The Murderer Is .Confident That
a Jury Will Acquit
Him.
HIS FATHER WAS A SUICIDE.
Old Oakland Baseball Friends Are
Helping to Secure First-
Class Legal Talent.
Oakland Office San Francis™ Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 20. f
Benjamin Hill, the baseball player who
murdered his wife, has written an account
of the conversation that took place be
tween himself and wife just prior to her
death. The couple walked about half a
block after his wife came out of the house
where she was staying before the fatal
street-corner was reached. So far the
prisoner has not told any one what the con
versation was, but be has given a written
statement to his friend, Meyer Cohen,
wit ti instructions to that gentleman to do
with it as he pleases. The purport of the
conversation is of a delicate nature, but
Hill is confident that it will succeed in in
fluencing a jury to such an extent as to
declare that he was insane at the moment
the four shots were fired into his wife's
head.
Hill stated to-day that his father com
mitted suicide at Minneapolis in June,
and the verdict was to the effect that
the act was committed while temporarily
insane. The most will be made of this
fact by the defense to prove the insanity
of the prisoner.
"Hill does not expect to be exonerated,"
said Meyer Cohen, secretary of the late
t aseball league, to-day. ''He declares that
the act was committed in a moment of
frenzied insanity, and that he was not re
sponsible for what he did. He has made a
written statement, but I shali not allow it
to be made public till the trial, as it might
prejudice nis case if made known prema
turely. It contains what he says is the
short conversation held with his wife
while she tooK the last walk of her life.
There is nothing sensational about the
statement. It refer? to private domestic
affairs, but they affected Hill so greatly
iLat he was rendered crazy.
"The case has created much interest
among the members of the old Oakland
ball team, and some of them are helping
to make it possible for Hill to have a vig
orous defense."
Hill was taken to the County Jail to-day
to await his trial. The police are sur
prised and somewhat amused at his plea
of insanity, as they say he is the coolest
murderer they ever met. He is as calm and
apparently unconcerned aa though nothing
more than a misdemeanor hung over
him. Two doctors spent a long time with
him the day after tbe shooting, as it was
suspected that the plea of insanity would
be set r.n. Hill did not know to whom he
was talking, and both doctors unhesitat
ingly declared to the Chief of Police that
they had never met a saner man. Hill
does not profe' 9 that he is insane now. but
he argues that the confession made to
him by his wife rendered him unable to
restrain himself. Since the murder the
detectives have obtained some evidence
that has made very clear the nature of
the fatal conversation.
WOES OF A BARON.
Thought His Wife an Angel, but His
Dream Was Dispelled.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— Baron Al
fred Baroteau has filed his answer to his
wife's suit for divorce. He denies all the
allegations of his wifa, except that she is
of a highly nervous and senstive tempera
ment, and says that until he became the
victim of the many troubles he was all
that a good husband should be. He denies
flirting with a French waitress while on
the wedding tour, and says he has done
nothing that has rendered him amenable
to the civil or penal codes of California or
that entitles his w tfe to a divorce.
Then Baron Baroteau recites his end of
the controversy. At the time of his mar
riage he says he looked forward "with
fond anticipations of enjoying a peaceful
and happy married life, "but soon there
after his cherished dream of future tran
quility were rudely dispelled, and he has
been caused by the cruelty of his wife to
mourn most of the time since."
Mrs. Baroteau is credited with keeping
and freely patronizing a stock of wine«
and liquors that reads like a trade cir
cular. On several occasion?, says her hus
band, she acted like a demon and at
tempted to burn the house. She also used
a club and a pistol on some of the Baron's
friends. The Baron says he found his
wife dancing a hula-hula dance in from, of
riirror in his real estate office.
One episode is this:
On August 8, 1«95, at about 8 a. m., de
- ;t, in company with an attorney, went
!■; the house cf plaintiff and defendant to ar
range, if possible, to get defendant's clothing
and personal effects, as plaintiff had driven
defendant out of the house the night before.
<>v. the arrival of defendant she kicked de
:.t and safd attorney downstairs and
threw several missiles after" them. She blew a
ponce whittle while defendant and his attor
ney ran rapidly away from said place.
On the strength of these allegations
Baron Barstean thinks he should be
awarded the divorce.
OPPOSED BY CHRISTIANS.
Resolutions Agalnnt the Funding Bill
Adopted at Oakland La»t Xight.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— The Insti
tute of Applied Christianity met t night
and, after a discussion of the refunding
bill, the following resolutions were passed :
•s eed
■ ea to preat <orp'jnui<jns is
uyto the ."pint of social ri?ntHO'JGnes R
and of republican institutions, which should
extend equal opportunities to all citizens and
grant special privileges to none, wo desire to
impress upon the attention of Congress the'in
justiee of lending the credit of the nation
longer to th< Pacific railroad?, out of which
private individuals nav^ am nssed colossal for
tunes, wnile no provision has been made to
meet the debt to the Government. Therefore
D 6IV
Resolved, That we mo<=t urgently reque«t
< ougrets to refuse to pass any so-called "re
funding bill' or grant any further extension
oi the debts of these railroads, but to proceed
at once to foreclose the existing mortgages
upon them and take such other bteps as may
be necessary to acquire the roads and operate
them forever in the interest of the people of'
the United .States, from whose patrimony they
•were (subsidized aud endowed with great
grants of land of value vastly in excess of the
cost of construction.
Jiesolird, That the course of the Examiner
and The Call of San Francisco, and such other
journals as are making a fight for the emanci-
I anon of the people of the coast from political
mid commercial serfdom, receives our most
hearty commendation.
Retolvtd, That a copy of these resolutions be
transmitted to the Examiner and to The Call
and al«o to onr representatives in the Congress
and Senate of the United States.
HOJLD-UP AT OAKLAND.
B*M>« n Take Sl9 From a Railroad
Man and Are Captured.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— John Allsop
and Ike Anderson, well-known criminals,
held up a railroad man on Third street,
oetween Broadway and Franklin, at 6
o doc* to-night. H. Omally, the victim,
was returning f rora work wnen ne was
stopped and told to hand out all he bad.
One of the men put his arm around his
neck and the other helped Om»Uy to empty
his pockets. The robbers took $19 from
him and then ran off toward the wharf.
Omally at once reported tbe occurrence
to the police, and two hours later Allsop
and Anderson were arrested in a saloon.
Anderson confessed that he was one of
the robbers, and some of the money
was found on him. He informed the po
lice that some more had been given to a
woman and a policeman went in search of
her. Allsop has been in San Quentin and
Anderson tried to commit suicide some
time ago.
NOT EASILY CAST DOWN.
How a Newspaper Writer Proposes to
Support Her Sick Husband.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— Mrs. Mary
Money, an ornithologist of this city, who
was one of the founders of the Tacoma
News, has opened a museum on Broadway
between Seventh and Eighth, where she
proposes through tbe aid of her friends to
have an exhibit of trained tropical birds
and give lectures on natural history for
the benefit of her husband, who has been
a helpless invalid in this city for several
years.
Mr. and Mrs. Money are in greatly
reduced circumstances, caused by the pro
tracted disability of the husband, who
before unfortunate circumstances overtook
him, was a prosperous printer and author
in lowa, and later in \\ asbington.
Mrs. Money is so placed that the care of
her husband devolves entirely upon her,
and she necessarily must be with him all
day, and she has now planned this work
of a museum and lectures for evening en
tertainment to raise money to supply the
needs of the family. Mrs. Andress, a local
bird-trainer, has donated her services for
the season to assist Mrs. Money in the new
project.
BUBGLABS AT WORK.
An Attempt to Open a Safe by the Use
of Explosives.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— An attempt
was made last night to blow open the safe
in the office of the Pioneer Sodawater
Works at Thirteenth and Webster streets.
Two boles were drilled at the side of the
combination-locK handle. They were
about four and five inches in depth and
showed that experts had been at work.
The preparations of the burglars, how
ever, were interrupted before the job was
completed and the manager discov
ered the work when he entered the
office this morning. A desk and cabinet
were ransacked, but the only damage done
was the holes in the safe.
The burglars gained an entrance through
a warehouse door opening on Thirteenth
street. Then they went through the ware
house and into the office by a rear en
trance. The scene of the attempted safe
cracking is about half a block from the
narrow-gauge depot.
A NJBW HOSPITAL.
Allopaths Desire to Leave Fabiola to the
Homeopaths.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— The allo
pathic physicians of this city are consider
ing the advisability of establishing a hos
posital in which only members of the
regular school will be permitted to prac
tice. The matter is in the hands of a com
mittee appointed by the Alameda County
Medical Association, consisting of Drs.
Fisher, Kitchingsand Adams.
Since the railroad company transferred
its laree business from Dr. Woolsey's hos
pital and gave it to Fabiola the feeling be
tween the two schools has increased.
The allopaths declare that if they conduct
their institution on the same "lines as
Fabiola they will have an eqnal right to
appeal to charity. The Woolsey hospital
is still at Twelfth and Madison streets and
should the new movement crystal lize it is
possible that it may be used as p.a exclu
sively allopathic institution.
Mysterious Mrs. Blakeley.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— Two years
ago George W. Blakeley was sent to the
asylum at Agrews. He was living at Lorin
with his family, consisting of his wife and
two children. The children were sent to
the Temescal Home, and with the excep
tion of an occasional visit to the home Mrs.
Blakeley has disappeared. Their house,
partially built, has been permitted to pro
to ruin, and now Blakeley's affairs are to
be straightened out by his friends. They
obtained letters of guardianship over the
children to-day, and it is supposed that
this will cause the mother to come forward
and help in unraveling the business tangle
of her husband.
An Uproarious Cowboy.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— A cowboy
on the rampage rode up to Wrede's sa
loon, near Haywards, this morning and
demanded something to eat. As there was
no particular hurry made to oblige him he
banged his revolver on the counter and
said, "That will get me anything I want."
It did, and after satisfying himself the
cowboy rode off before Constable Lake,
who was summoned, could reach the inn.
Parents at TVar.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— F. N. De
lanoy and his wife have both petitioned
for letters of administration in the estate
of their son Austin, who was killed by the
local train in Alameda. The property is
worth $4000 and was all in the name of the
father as guardian. The matter at issue is
whether or not the estate shall be divided
between the brother and sister of the dead
boy.
Caught at the Mole.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20. — Clarence
and George Taylor, two boys from Valleio
are in the City Prison. They took the
train at Vallejo Junction this morning,
intending to run away. They aroused the
suspicion of tne conductor, and when
questioned acknowledged their foolish
ness. When the team an ived at Oakland
the patrol wagon was in waiting, and the
runaways will be sent back home.
Effect of the Storm.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 20.— The recent
storm has tilled the various creeks of this
county, but they were so dry that no seri
ous washouts have been reported. The
Hay wards electric line was delayed for a
time owing to a washout near the Boden
place, but the substantial work done dur
ing the past year has proved its value.
The Aldrich Estate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— The objec
tion of W. H. Aldrich to the trustees of
the trust created by his father has been
continued T.iiJ Monday next. One of the
points to be decided is whether the case
should be tried in a probate court or In a
court of equity. The ca^e is smilar to
that of the Walkerley case in which the
trust was broken.
For Harbor Improvement.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20.— The Super
visors to-day appropriated $250 for the pur
pose of paying the expenses of the delega
tion sent to Washington by the California
River Improvement Convention.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Short Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call I
908 Broadway, Jan. 20. j
Aaron Melick McLean, the eldest brother of
Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean, died Saturday at San
l)iego, aged 83.
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the unifica
tion of the German empire was celebrated last
night at the Unitarian church.
William Thomson has put in no answer to
the suit brought by hia wife, Mary P. Thom
son, and a default lias been entered.
The Contra Costa Water Company has issued
orders to Superintendent Fulton to put a stop
to huntingon its property around Lake Chabot.
William Clark and his wife were granted
letters of aioption this afternoon by Judge
Ogden in bt alf of Isabella, an infant from the
West Oakland Home.
"The Evening With Tennyson, Dickens and
Anthony Hope," with incidental music and
other selections arranged by Alfred Wilkie, at
the First Unitarian Church Thursday evening
January 30, promises to be a success.
James Sinclair, a pioneer of Alameda
County, died at Warm Springs Saturday morn
ing. He was a native of Scotland, aged 70
years. He came to California in 1852. For a
number of years he was engaged in boating
between Warm Springs and San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
A QUERY FOR POPULISTS
Without Bonds How Can Mu
nicipal Ownership Be
Commenced?
LESSONS FROM OTHER LANDS.
Mayor Davie Expounds a Conundrum
in Defense of His Views Re
lating to Bonds.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 20. f
Mayor Davie has been quietly compiling
a statement that he will soon make public
and which will undoubtedly provoke a dis
cussion from leading Populists all over the
country. The question involves the vital
principle of the Populistic doctrine regard
ing the municipal ownership of water and
gas plants and Etreet railroads.
"If bonds are not to be issued for the first
purchase of these plants how is the money
to make the purchase to be raised ?" That
is the question that Mayor Davie desires
answered. In support of his claim that
the people should own all institutions that
are absolutely necessary to modern civili
zation Mayor Davie is searching the
municipal records of large British and
continental cities. He is convinced that
municipal ownership is the basis of good
government and that any city that o«rns
the plants referred to will be practically
exempt from taxation.
"How are we to start if we do not issue
bonds?" asked Mayor Davie. "If all these
big companies and corporations can make
vast fortunes for their owners the munic
ipality would surely do the same. But
that is not what lam getting at. I find
that in cities where the people own the
gas plants that the rates have been re
duced nearly one-half. The water rates in
other cities show the same results. In
London the streetcar franchises are so
granted that when they expire at the end
of fifty years the city has the option of
purchase at a figure to be fixed by arbitra
tion. What will these streetcar franchises
be worth in forty years' time when houses
line the tracks on both sides?
"Now is the best time for the city to ac
quire a water plant. But money is re
quired to do it, and how is it to be raised
if not by issuing bonds?
"I see by a local paper this morning that
Auditor Snow makes some mean insinua
tions and seeks to throw a false shade over
my position in a very clever way. He
concludes: 'It costs money to govern a
city, and lots of it. It takes brains as
well. The citizens must furnish both.
Scarcity of either is a costly thing in gov
ernment.' Mr. Snow is right, absolutely,
although 1 do not appreciate the trend of
of his remarks. His remarks on the en
gine-houses, wharves and streets are non
sense and untrue. If they are in a wrecked
condition it surely cannot be the result, as
he says, of the first six months of our
financial administration.
"A new City Hall is an absolute neces
sity. This twenty-year-old barn 19 not
fit for a city of 60,000 people, and is totaliy
inaduquate for the city's government. Mr.
Snow says that thereshould be a tax levy
that would include a fund for building a
garbage crematory. That is nonsense, as
the crematory item was eliminated before
the tax Jevy was sent to me. Then, aeain,
why should the city build a crematory
when there is an offer of $50 before the
Council for the privilege of collecting the
garbage and disposing of it? However,
these things trouble me very little, as the
mark of the cloven hoof is too plain."
L. T. MERWIN IS CHOSEN
Was Elected Track Captain of
the University Athletic
Team.
Mrs. Cooper's Confession of Faith To-
Night— First Issue of the College
Daily— Lectures.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 20.— L. T.
Merwin, '9(5, was to-day elected track cap
tain of the University of California ath
letic team by the executive committee of
the athletic association, Fred W. Koch,
who led the U. C. team to victory in the
East last spring, having resigned on ac
count of press of college work.
Merwin, the newly elected captain, is
L. T. Merwin.
one of the moat popular athletes in
college, having been on the track ever
since his freshman years. He did no dis
tinguishing work in his specialty as a
mile-walker until last spring, but had al
ways been recognized as a hard, conscien
tious trainer. While on the Eastern
tour with the U. C. team he brought upon
himself many honors, having beaten out
the great McVitty in the Princeton contest,
and winning altogether six of the eight
walking contests he entered. 'He returned
to California with the highest per cent of
contests in his favor of any man on the
team. He has just passed his twenty-third
year and is a native of this State. He will
immediately take hold of the work en
trusted to him, and attempt to put the
track-team in such shape that they will
win another victory from Stanford at the
spring inter-collegiate field day.
The executive committee, in addition to
electing a new captain, talked over the
report of the football manager, and de
cided to refer it to the football committee
before linal passage upon it. A report of
the financial operations connected with
the Eastern tour was called for from Man
ager North, to be filed next Monday. A
committee, composed of Koch, Friend and
Blake, all of '9f>, was appointed to outline
a plan for the proposed new athletic track
and grounds, which will be presented to
the faculty and regents for consideration.
The University Dally.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 20.-The first
issue for the present term of the
Berkeleyan, the university daily, appeared
this morning. The staff of officers for the
ensuing term is made up as follows:
Harry H. Hirst '96. editor-in-chief; J. A.
Elston '97, managing editor; John G.
Howell '96, business manager; associate
editors— F. P. Taylor '97, George H. Whip
pie '97, and W. E. Creed '98. The issue
contained communications from Presi
dent Kellogg and Professor Soule on the
improvements which are to be made on
the campus during the present year.
In President Kellogg's article appeared
the statement that although Regent Rein
stein changed his plan with reference to
the new approach to the building from a
roadway to a footpath, there will still be
an opportunity for the students to fulfill
their promise, "We will." The president
expressed his thanks to the donors of the
electric-lighting funds, as well as to other
recent benefactors, among whom are
Herman Ryer, lately deceased, who made
the university his residuary legatee, and
also to Regent Crocker, who has assumed
the expense of the astronomical expedi
tion to Japan. Thanks were also extended
to Professor Voorsanger for his gift to the
university of a valuable Semitic library.
"And in the matter of university improve
ment," said he, "we are much indebted to
the exertions of Regent Reinstein."
Lectures at Stiles Hall.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 20.— Rev. Ed
ward B. Payne, pastor of the Berkeley
Unitarian Church, is arranging for a
course of lectures to be jnven at Stiles
Hall. These lectures are to occur on
alternate Friday evenings, beginning
January 24 and continuing for three
months, according to the present arrange
ment. Six speakers have thus far been
secured, all of whom are persons of distinc
tion in the educational world. The six in
the order of their successive addresses are:
Professor William H. Hudson of Stanford
University, President David Starr Jordan,
Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf, Helen M.
Gougar of Indianapolis, Rev. Myron W.
Reed of Denver and Professor Charles
Mills Gayley of the University of Cali
fornia.
Professor Judson will speak next
Friday evening on "Walt Whitman,"
Professor Gay Fey has announced for the
subject of his address " Reminiscences of
Irish Home Rulers." The other speakers
have not yet announced their topics.
Mrs. Gougar is a noted woman in pro
hibition circles of the East, and Rev.
Myron Reed has been closely identified
with the labor is.-,ues and political refoims
of his State. Dr. Jordan will doubtless
speak on his specialty.
Rev. Mr. Payne said to-day: "There
has been an obvious need in Berkeley for
some time for such addresses as these
speakers are capable of giving, and if they
are well received we hope to continue
them indefinitely."
Mrs. Cooper's Confession.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 20.— Berkeley
people will turn out to-night to Jearn
what converted Mrs. Sarah B\ Cooper to a
belief in woman suffrage. She will speak
to-morrow eveninc at the First Con
gregational Church, corner of Durant ave
nue and Dana street. The Rev. Mr. Hatch
(pastor), Mrs. Ellen Sargent and the Rev.
Mr. Wendte are also among the speakers.
The title of Mrs. Cooper's address is
"Why I Believe in Woman Suffrage."
Mr. \Vendte speaks on the "Home in Its
Relation to the Government." The meet
ing is held under the auspices of the Citi
zen Suffrage Society of Berkeley, of which
Mrs. George Hau?ht is the president and
Mrs. William Keith the secretary. Per
sons coming from toe City get off at
Berkeley station and take the electric
cars, which pass the door. Admission
free. The doors will be open at 7 o'clock
and the exercises will begin promptly at
7:45.
On the Monroe Doctrine.
BSKLELEY, Cat,., Jan. 20.— Professor
William Carey Jones, head of the depart
ment of jurisprudence at the university
announces a course of lectures on the
"Monroe Doctrine, Its Origin, Application
and Development." The students who
are qualified to take this course are look
ing forward to it with much interest, be
cause of its being a topic of the day.
Key. Mr. Foster Resigned.
Rev. J. D. fc'oster, who has been for sev
eral years pastor of the Park Congrega
tional Church of Lorin, has resigned his
position. His resignation is to take effect
April 1. It is generally understood that
he will be succeeded either by Dr. Orr or
Rev. Dr. Wattery. Rev. Mr. Foster will
probably go East in the near future.
JORDAN WRITES DALTON
The Two Officials Show a Marked and
Commendable Desire to Add to
the School Fund.
Oakland Office San- Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 20. j
The polltax "bogie" that Assessor Dal
ton will use, indirectly, of course, to in
duce voters to register with his friend, the
County Clerk, across the street, has re
coiled. Mr. Jordan does not intend that
Mr. Dalton'B desire to collect all the
money for the State school fund shall
eclipse his own, so he has written a very
patriotic letter to the Assessor.
Mr. Jordan says his offer to Mr. DaJton
is not done for the purpose of neutralizing
the effect of the polltax on the electo rs,
but because he is anxious to relieve the
Assessor's office of the great rush that will
most assuredly take place when the voters
know that they can register and pay» poll
tax at the same time.
Mr. Jordan's letter is as follows:
Henry P. Dalton Esq., County Assessor —My
Dear Sir: lam pleased to see that you are
quoted as satisfied with the opinion of the Dis
trict Attorney presented to the Board of Super
visors on January 13, wherein he decided
that the Assessor of this county was charged
equally with tiie County Clerk with the duty
of r.-Kistering the voters of Alomeda County
because of the fact that thereby electors ap
plying for enrollment upon the roll of electors
to be kept by the County Assessor, and which
roll should show the saiae facts as the Great
Register in the clerk's office, would have an
opportunity given them to at the same time to
pay the $2 poll tax, collectable before July 1
thereby greatly benefiting the school funds of
the State.
Assuming, of course, that this would be an I
inducement to the elector to apply early for |
registration in order to avoid paying the extra i
$1 poll tax imposed after the first of July of
each year, ana desiring also to assist in any
way I cau the collection of this tax, which
will inure to the benefit of the public school
fund, less, of course, the commission of 15 per
cent allowed the Assessor by law for such col
lection, i will cheerfully allow you to appoint
any deputy in my employ a Deputy County
Assessor, for the purpose of collecting from,
those applying at this office for registration $2
for polltax, the total collections, without any
reductions for commission, to be daily handed
in to your oflice by my employu'and your ap
pointee.
It has also occurred to me that if the As
sessor instructs his deputies in the field charged
with the duty of i-olleotini; poll tax to request
the elector to give to them his affidavit of regis
tration, it will greatly expedite the wort of
registration and will accommodate the citizen
a*, well as those charged with the duties of
registration.
Expressing the hope that the suggestion con
cerning the appointment will be favorably
considered by you, and that thereby you will
be relieved somewhat, the public will be ac
commodated and the public school funds of
our Htate kept in a flourishing condition. I
am, very respectfully yours,
Frank "Jukdan, County Clerk*
The Reliance Benefit Sale.
OAKLAND. Cau, Jan. 20.— The sale of
seats for the Ileiiance benefit to-day was
the liveliest in the history of the"Mac
donough. There was a lon* line waiting
at 8 o clock this morning when the box
office opened. Tfce entire house has been
sold for Friday nieht. A large number of
the seats for Satur.iay night were also
taken, and it is evident that both nights
will be pronounced social events.
>'o Rehearing.
OAKLAND, Cal. , Jan. 20.— The Su
preme Court has denied the motion for a
rehearing of the appeal of the Oakland
Consolidated Railway Company from the
judgment of $10,000 given Clara P. How
land. There is a judgment of $4000 grow
ing out of the same action in favor of F. P.
Howland, the husband, on account of the
same accident.
RETURNED GOOD FOR EVIL
Thoughtful Carriers Gratuitously
Deliver Mail Matter on
Sunday.
TO ACCOMMODATE MERCHANTS.
The Efforts of the Merchants' Exchange
to Increase the Revenue Par
tially Successful.
Oakland Office San Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 20. J
Some of the Oakland mail-carriers yes
terday voluntarily performed work that the
Government does not require of them, and
for which they cannot expect any pay.
Owing to the many accidents caused to
the railroad iv the mountains Dy snow
and washouts, the overland trains and
mails have been considerably delayed.
Yesterday morning five overland mails
were received at the postoflice, and ac
cording to the rules governing the mail
service the mails would have to take
chances of being delivered along with the
regularly received packages. The carriers
are only required to work eight hours a
day, and unless a special effort was made
some of the overdue letters might not be
delivered for a< day or two longer.
When the carriers saw the accumulation
of mail matter they sorted out the mail of
the business men, and without making a
regular delivery, they distributed large
quantities of mail matter on their own
time.
The action of the carriers caused much
favorable comment from the fact that they
were prohibited by the department at
Washington from issuing the customary
souvenirs this Christmas. In consequence
of this rule many of the merchants and
residents did not remember the time-hon
ored custom of giving a Christmas box to
the postman. Not more than one-half the
usual amount was received by the men,
but there was nothing to do but to pocket
their disappointment and hope for a better
showing next year.
At the present time the Oakland post
office is somewhat at a disadvantage, as so
many of the residents purchase their
stamps across the bay, and decrease the
revenues of the office. This being so there
is a smaller number of carriers than there
would be otherwise, and as the territory
they cover is large they have a proportion
ately larger amount of work.
"There is a little improvement since the
Merchants' Exchange undertook to try
and educate Oaklanders to purchase at
home," said Postmaster White to-day,
"and should it continue we may soon hope
for more carriers. There are frequently
letters delivered late because the carriers
have not time to deliver them."
MISS WESTON HAS HOPES
She Thinks Her Fiance May
Still Show Up and Marry
Her.
Webster-Street Roadway's Bad Con
dition Likely to Impede
Business.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 20.— Miss Wes
ton, whose affianced, Eugene Drusseil
disappeared on the eve of their marriage,'
is making the best of the matter. A re
porter interviewed her this morning at the
residence of her sister, Mrs. Max Glas.
She was not inclined to discuss the mat
ter, nor did she appear distressed. She
seemed to desire to shield the young man.
When asked whether she knew his where
abouts she answered: "I will not say
whether I do or not, and I am not worry
ing about where he is." Friends, however,
say they do not now expect the marriage
to take place.
Webster-Street Roadway.
ALAMiiDA, Cal., Jan. 20.—Webster
street roadway is likely to be soon
whelmed in mud. It crosses the marsh,
connecting Alameda with Oakland, and
alongside it runs a slough, which is always
| fiiiea with water and from which water
soaks through and undermines the
ro&dway. Tons of rock has been put upon
it in the past dozen years, but it sinks
through into the mud about as soon as it
is put on. The roadway is worse now than
i it ever was before. All the expressing to
I the City and all the heavy teaming be
! tween Alameda and Oakland goes over it,
and it is now in such bad condition that
it seriously interferes with business. Ex
pressmen fear that it will finally become
impassable. The improvement" of this
roadway will be a considerable engineer
} ing and financial undertaking. The reason
l it has proven so embarras3;ng is that the
j marsh land through which it runs is owned
j in undivided interests and cannot be as
i sessed for the improvement.
An Overflowed Creek.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 20.r-The heavy
rains have greatly swollen Sausal Creek
which runs from Fruitvale to the old sta
tion at Fernside and running into tue
partially excavated tidal canal. The small
bridge crossing the creek was submerged
and wrecked, as well as the railroad track,
the local line making a curve at this point
from Alameda around to Oakland. The
local Alameda train comes around from
Oakland by this route, and started aroujid
this morning, but it was flagged before it
got to the unsafe bridge, so that a proba
ble wreck was averted.
The City Hall Dedication.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 20.— The City
Council to-night postponed the date of
formally opening the new City Hail. It
was found that tlie building would not be
ready by January 28. No date was fixed
for the celebration. The matter will come
up next Monday, when the date will be
fixed. City Trustee Forderer introduced a
resolution in the Municipal Council disap
proving the action of the library trustees
in advertising for plans for a temporary
library building.
,A Musical Comedy.
ALAMEDA.CaI., Jan. 20.— Unity Circle
of the Unitarian church will produce an
original musical comedy February 18
The libretto is by E. C. Davis and the
score by Theodore Vogt. The ladies of
the circle will take part, and there are
some very good voices among them. It
will be quite a society event, as well as
being intended as a benefit for the church"
To Annul Adams' Marriage.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 20.— The suit
brought by Fred S. Adams to annul the
marriacre between him and his wife was
peremptorily set to-day for next Saturday.
Thia is the case in which young Adams," a
minor with a heritage, says he was guile
less until he fell in with the woman he
married.
Nat.iv* Daughters.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 20— Piedmont
Parior No. 87, N. D. G. W., was organized
yesterday. The following officers were
elected: Past president, Mrs. TiJlie Paul
president. Mrs. B. Brown; first vice-presi
dent, Mrs. Mary Murdock; second vice
president, Mrs. Grace Dunlap; third vice
president, Miss Nettie Stone; secretary
\^.._ r _^.^._--' NEW TO-DAY— AUCTION SALES.
Qnw 3 Blocks k^.
FROM THE ■ /^ — ■">«— is "*,
rKUH IQL //'^
Cinr\f 111 am if J&^^ > — ■
o\ RARE, #f^^^^^P
OPPORTUNpM™B|fe^2
TO SECURE CHOlCE^p^^^^^X^^
Ri SlN 'P^^^?>^^^^^v -^ '"
■Km llrNf r-J^L 1 %m
PROPERTY
Thursday, Jan*. 23-96..
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM OF
BALDWIN ftHAimOND.
10 Montgomery St:
WOBDei? OFTH& PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT CO,
230 FT. MARKET ST. /¥ ■«
|N 'SO FT. VALENCIA ST. Lll|||y [Mgrala
'1. 250 FT. MISSION ST. ff|l 111 SHll
c?Vj 150 FT. TWELFTH ST. 1 ■lVllll lVb.,
SUB" 1000 FT. ON ADJACENT STS. i ___ [
ftniiri^i^ S W - COR - IST - AND VALENCIA STS. (140 X 295.)
DIVISIONS N.W. COR. I7TI? AND CASTRO • STS. C 4& x 90.)
k NORTH 5/DE WALLtfi -£ASrOf STA/VM/V
EXTRAORDINARY CREDIT TERMS.
ONLY 25 PERCENT CASH, BALANCE 1, 2 AND 3 YtARS. <*
TITI C INSURANCE POLICIES ISSUED TO PURCHASERS BYTHE"CALIFORNIA TITLC
111 INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY." AT SPECIAL RATES.
Baldwin & Hammond
;?V AUCTIONEERS.
Mss Gf rtrude Surryhne; financial secre
tary, Mi>s El zabeth Levy; treasurer, Mrs.
Thomas Mulveney; marshal, Mrs. Kate
Perry; inside guard, Mrs. E. W. Sommers;
outside guard, Miss Theresa Murray. The
installation will take place next Friday
night.
_ | _/ .. NEW TO-DAY.
P^« <Sb\rtmz&z
■P l^ b CALIFORNIA is
FibziSTftNDAfVQ. Buy one'
and compare. poioTfor point 1
VrVifb aoy other Hoo>& roa&eor
cs^rfej'O fy)&(y&, v?i}iKr ?-*^jslltsi!ffi
V/cVc nohafraidjwag
of \Yi2f ■■"■ JLWI!$*l SB
I M A R X (flB
GRATEFUIsr-COMFORTnTG.
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
• T> Y A THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OF TH»
X) natural laws which govern the operations of
digestion and nutrition, and by a careful* applica-
Hoe *f the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Epp» has provided for our breakfast and supper
a delicately flavored beverage, which may Rave us ■
many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicious
use of such articles of diet that a constitution in*.-
bo gradually built up until strong enough to resist
every tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle
maladies are noating around us, ready, to attack
wherever there is a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
fied with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame." — Service Gazette.
5 Made simply with boiling water or milk. Sold
only in half-pound tins, by ;roctrs, labeled thus: •
JAMES EPPS & CO., Ltd., Homoeopathic
Chemists, London, England. '
.-.■■ - ■■ IRON BEDS,
- f-"*"" BRASS BEDS, *
' I ' ' ;'; FOLDING BEDS,
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Reclining
■f } ! Y\\ Chairs, Wheel Cbairs,
!f [ Y\\ ffriMity Commod*s, Back Rests
lli VMm ' W. A. SCHROCK,
sjgr! 1 "*— Jiim, - — -21 —
L^ - " ft^." 1 " ' "| J- New Moutgoinory
'^ St.", under <;rand
- Hotel. S. F. ■
CIFIM DISEASES
ABSOLTJI'ZLY CITEEa Ulii 8 IBiiKfll 8
Ice simple applloitlioa of "Sw»t.«'« Oimiiw" witlioaS
tar internal mcdleine, will cure out exsti of Tetter, Salt
llbeum, Binrworm, Pilro. I tea, Pliaplr R rr«i
bo matter hoTTOb»tiß»te>Tlon*tt»n<liiii. S*M l.*Tdrus»i«ta,
'or test t v mail for 50 akt, 3 Boxen, \\.li . A^drcu, Da.
* Bob, Ftita(klrh», P«. _ At I yoar drncsist Sutih
Wilt's Itdian Yaptalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
HICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. .
Gnssp'sieciOc liie
'With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the . least exposure, ' change of diet or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least Injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price $1 a
bottle. • ...... i
AUCTION SALES.
■ / /\ ■■■ • 2j» i> u CiT i f\'tn
THIS DAY.
I TUESDAY JANUARY 21, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noon-
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
A GRAND PIECE OF BUSINESS
PROPERTY.
' ' . .:.-.-.' -.
North Line of Golden Gate Avenue,
137:6 Feet West of Leaven worth St.
This large piece of splendid business property Is
on the north line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6
feet west of Leaven worth street, only two blocks
irom Market street and one block from the City
: Hall, Hibernia .Savings Bank and the Murphy
building. Improvements, four residences. This is
a magnificent piece of property to improve with a
building for public or society halls, or modern
French Hats with stores below. Improvements of
such, character would pay largely on the invest-
ment. Car accommodation in every direction.
, Golden Gats avenue bitumlnized. Large lot, 60:6
! x 187:6 feet, with large L In the rear, •.'2xs-1:6 feet.
' For diagram of the property see catalogue.
Terms: Cash in gold coin of the United
States: 10 per cent at time of saie to the referee;
I balance on confirmation of sale by the Superior
i Court. Deed at purchaser's expense. Second in-
stullmf lit of taxes for fiscal year 1805 and 1896 to
be paid by the buyer. Kents to be adjusted be-
i tween buyer and seller when the deed is passed.
'.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY
| South Side (No. 411) of Post. 115:4 Feet
Went of Powell Street.
This handsome piece of downtown business prop-
erty is in the very center oi our business district,
I and its future high rank as rental property is be- I
yond controversy. Examine this for an • invest-
i ment. Kents 961 50. L0t .22:2x61 feet.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
j SW. Corner Baker and Grove Streets.
This elegant, lmproved corner comprises three
I very band.soms bay-windowed residences of ten
| rooms and bath each. .No*. 4-1. 423 and 4-5 Ba-
j ker street. Modern improvements: elegant sur-
roundings. Bents $150 per month. Only two
blocks from Golden Gate Park, and on the great
I driveway to same. Choicest residence location in
I the city. Electric and cable cars. Large corner
! lot, 6'2:6x1U0 feet.
I ELEGANT INVESTMENT-MISSION.
SE. Corner of t'app and Adair St»., bet.
15th and 16th, Howard and Mission.
! This handsome bay-windowed modern property
I conslstß of store and three French flats of seven,
i six and four rooms and bath. Electric appliance*
etc. Producing a rental of $91 permonrti. Basalt
blocks In street; cement stone walk. Electric and
cable cars. Corner lot, 25x75 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North Line (No. 1930) of Pine. 23:11 feet
Kast of Laguna* Street.
Pretty 'bay-windowed residence of eight rooms
I and bath. California, Sacramento and Sutler street
cables. Examine this fora home. Must be sold.
Lot 22:11x91:8 feet. '
CASTRO HEIGHTS-COTTAGE.
South Side (No. 533) of Jersey, 160 feet
| East of Diiimond .street.
I Pretty cottage of four rooms and bath; bay-win-
-1 dowed: brick foundation; pleasant surroundings;
I Twenty-fourth electric and Caatro-street cable.
! Lot 26:3x114 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street. Auctioneers.
BOKBE vv iLtox compound
T^AHSf PILLS
«o«nh<,ti SafoandSlTßE Always reliable. Take
nosubstltute. For sale by all druggists. |ioa Send
*?- So o ' nan ' * !>a.fwnr:t. WILCOX SPECIFIC
| CO..22BaOUTH EIGHTH BT..PHIJ AD!fI:,p4I» J
1112
MR. MARTYN ON REFORM
Presbyterian Ministers Listen to
an Address on Civic
Ethics.
DR. BEARD TALKS OF WEALTH.
Why the Bureau of Labor Has Avoided
the Question of Proportionate
Ownership.
Rev. Carlos Martyn gave the Presby
terian Ministerial Association an interest
ing address yesterday morning on civic
reform. He described how Chicago for the
last two deiades had suffered from mu
nicipal corruption, and cave an account of
the Civic Federation and of the elections
last April, which resulted in the inaugura
tion of a better state of things.
In enumerating: what had been accom
plished during the last nine months the
Speaker said: ""We should olose our gam
bling dens. Here's a lesson for you in
California. I do not mean to say that
there is no gambling in Chicago, but there
is no open gambling. We mean to perse
vere, and in our election the other day we
confirmed our reforms of last April.
"But there were limitations to our Civic
Federation. It was made up of people of
all creeds and beliefs, and when it was
brought face to face with a religious ques
• tion it went all to pieces. So we founded
the Christian Citizenship League. The
idea embodied in it found favor, and there
are now local citizenship leagues all over
the country. If the church is not inter
ested in the enforcement of moral law who
is? We do not want to drag the church
into politics, but the men who are in the
churches and in the young people's socie
ties must go into politics if they mean to
save the purity of our country."
Dr. Martyn showed by statistics how
largely Christians preponderate in this
country, and said that for 48,000,000 people
to let themselves be dominated by the
6.000.0C0 who are not Christians was the
clearest case of the tail wagcing the dog
that he had ever met. "If Christians '
were such in fact we could easily domi
nate this country. The worst of it is we
have never pulled together. The Chris
tian citizen is a new thing, but it is begin- I
ning to be borne in upon us that when a
man has a share in the government of a
country he has a share in the responsi
bility."
Instead of discussing the address it was
resolved to employ the time for discussion
in asking Dr. Martyn questions, and by
this means a number of added details were
obtained respecting reform in Chicago.
In reply to a question from Rev. Dr. Scott
Rev. Dr. Martyn said: "A preacher can
not become a partisan in politics, but a
preacher ought to be able to preach along
the lines of civic rightousness."
Methodist Ministers.
"Sociology" was the subject of an ad
dref-s by Rev. Dr. Beard at the Methodist
Ministers' Club yesterday morning. The
speaker had armed himself with a mass of
statistics, some of which proved startling
when stated in the forcible way in which
Dr. Beard presented them. He first drew
attention to the fact that machiqery had
made the laborer more dependent upon
the capitalist than when he used his
muscle alone.
With regard to the ownership of the
wealtti of tde world to-day Dr. Beard gave
a number of statistics showing that a
much larger proportion of the wealth of
this country is in the hands of the few
tuan is the case in England. "J. E.
Shearman states that, according to statis
tics, one-half of the wealth of this country
is in the hands of 50,000 families, but ray
own studies have led me to the belief that
half the wealth of the country is in the
hands of 25,000 families. The Bureau of
Labor in the United States has investi
gated almost everything, but it is my
opinion, founded on facts, that thougn, the
Bureau of Labor has been urged again and
again to take up this question, it has re
frained from doing so, because it knows it
would be abolished if it.dared to give these
statistics."
The last point on which Dr. Beard
touched was the modern tendency of
populations to drift toward large cities.
The paper was discussed by the following
ministers, ail of whom indorsed it: Rev.
E. Henderson, Rev. Dr. Hammond, Rev.
J. Drmy, Rev. Dr. Matthew, Rev. Dr.
Carroll. Rev. Dr. Filben. Rev. M. Nelson.
Baptist Club.
Rev. C. M. Hill, pastor of the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church, Oakland, read a
paper yesterday before the Baptist Minis-
ters' Club on "Recent Upturnings of the
Archaeologist's Spade." He alluded to a
number of recent discoveries which have
tended to confirm the truth of Scripture.
The paper was discussed b3 r Rev. R. 'Whit
taker, Rev. Dr. B. Williams of India, Rev.
Dr. Gregory.
Congregational Club.
At the Congregational Monday Club yester
day Professor Lloyd read a learned paper on
the word "Spirit" in St. John's Gospel.
KILLED BY THE CARS.
C. A. Morford, a Bookkeeper In This
City, Crushed to Death at
Berkeley.
C. A. Morford, a bookkeeper in the
starch factory of Everding & Co., at 28
Clay street, was run over by a train at
Berryman station, near Berkeley, last
night and instantly killed. It is not known
just when the fatal accident occurred or
what train passed over the unlortunate
man.
The body was first seen by the engineer
of the| 7 o'clock train goinp toward San
Francisco. It was fearfully mutilated and
it is supposed that he fell under the wheels
of the previous train.
Morford, who lived on Lincoln street
near Edith in Berkeley, had paid a visit to
his sister, who lived near the scene of the
accident, and was not seen after leaving
the house. He was a middle-aged man
and unmarried.
The boay is at the Berkeley Morgue and
an inquest will be held to-day.
Junior Order American Mechanics.
Redoudo Council's ofltcers were installed by H.
M. 8.-llinger, I), s. <.;., assisted by Past Councilor
Hums of Hancock Council. The officers ure: O. C.
Abbott. C. : W. N. Perry, V. C; C. O. Brown, B. B.J
W. F. Venable, A. H. S.; A. H. Whitson, F. S.; H.
H. Venuble. T.: H. C. Pease, conductor- H N
Melton. \V.; S. F. Bohr, I. s. ; K. A. Edwards, b!
s.; representative ior one year, s. LoiiKstrett
tiarlield (ouiicil ha..-> uisialled the follonins
named oflicern: R. A. Grit r, C. : .1. W. Souther V
<.:W. K. Meadows Jr.. B. s. ; c. K. StangebaTKer!
A. R. S.; J. L. Hupiuau, P. 8.; J. M. Patrick T •'
] < . I'Uime, conductor; T. H. .Nolte, W.- r \'
Nelson, r. s. : ( \v. I'iaik", O. s.; C. W. iiaker rep
resentative one year; R. a. ' -rier, two years.
EEAL ESTATE TEANSAOTIONS.
Robert J. ami Isabella H. Layng to Emily S
Newell, lot on W line of Belvedere strict, 2'6'i'J s
of Waller, 8 25 by W 130: $10.
Catherine Mo iinn to Thomas R. Evans, lot on N
line of Doriand ret, 201:6 Wof Dolores. W25
N 170, E 25, 8 1 72:5^:5850.
Miguel Vincent and Catalina Noe and Catalina
Splivaloto Hans Peterson, undivided '/ 2 of lot on
the n lineof Twenty-second street, 55 \V of Noe.
v. 50 by N 101:6;.
Andrew Fay (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff) to Hi
bemtaSaTfnsa mid Loan f-ociety. lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth' street, 180 E of Castro, E 50 by N
114; 51090. 
Charles H. and Gustavia A. Sentt to Theodore
A., Harry O. and Charles F. Huvemeyer. lot on
NE corner of Battery and Union streets, N 1 156, E
60, H 120, i£ 225, is 205, W I*s, B 70, W. 160; also
lot on SW corner of Battery and T'nion streets, S
100 by W 120: also lot on W line of Battery street,
ISO S of Cnion. s 50 by W 120; also lot on SE
corner of Sansome and Union streets, E 120 by S
177:6: itiso lot on W line of Battery street, 25 X
of Green: N 25 by W 120: also plant, etc.; $1.
John F. and Mar^tha M. D. Burns to Henry F.
Burns, lot on NW corner of Sunsouie and Pucific
streets, N 34:4 V" by \V 67:6: $10.
John McKee to K. D. Heatley, lot on SW corner
of Cheatnut and Keaniy 6trtets, W 137:6 by S
137:6: 510.
Alphonse (irosbois to F.milie Ronssey, lot on
N W .-orner of Dupont street and Virginia place, N
20 by W 57:6; 910.
Daniel and Hermine Donahue or Donohue (nee
Anstett) to William H. Daly, lot on N line of Green
street. 160 B of Mason, E 26:1%, N to a point 60
N of (ireen and 184 :5 3 '■> E of Mason. W to a point
160 E of Mason and 60 N of (jreen, thence S 60;
grant.
Klizaheth C. McMillan, Robert and Jan» H, Mor
rison to I'aust K. Mascherinl, lot on E line of Jones
street, 4R:10 8 or Valiejo, 8 45:10 by X 58:9; $10.
EHzabe'. li Flood to Km ma Flood, lot on N line of
Eddy street, 137:6 E i>{ Hyde, E 32:6 by N 137:6;
?10.
Marie Reusche (administratrix of the estate of
Fritz Reusche) to (instav Qnandt, undivided half
of lot. on S line of Eighteenth street, 25 W of Cas
tro, W 60 by S 75; ?2000.
.Marie Reusche to same, undivided half of same;
$10.
Catharina Rossbach to A. L. Villegia, lot on SW
corner of Hyde and Pacific streets, W 45:10 by S
137:6: $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Jacob K.
LaodlS. lot on VV line of Thirtieth avenue. 125 N of
£f street, N6O by W 120; also lot 10, block 10,
Bunny side; $10."
John J. McEwen to J. A. Miller; lot on S line of
N street, 107:8 W of Forty-sixth avenue, W 25 by
S 100: 910.
Charles F. and Emma Moore to I>ena Christen
sen, lots 774 and 776. Gift Map 2: $10.
Isaac H. Holmes to Maggie Holmes, lot 35.
block 54. City Land Association; $10.
Stanford Addition Land Company to J. A. Millar,
lot 23, block 6, plat A. Sunnyside Addition 1; $10.
Same to same, lot 25. block 6. plat A, same: $10.
Mary A. Cassidy to J. B. McMurray, lot on >"E
line of Harnngon street, 100 N W of Mission, SW
100 by XX 100. Academy Tract; also lot on
NE line of (xter street, 400 XW of Mission, NW
100 by NE 200; $10.
George A. Wutmeier to J. J. Raver, all interest
in estate of John O. Wittineier, No. 15,498; $1000.
AI.AMKPA COUNTY.
A. J. and Catherine Foster to Oakland Building
and Loan Association, lot on SE line of Twenty
first avenne, 50 SW of East Twenty-second street,
SW 76:6 by SK 125. block 67, New Addition to
Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10..
John I. and Essie C. o'Rourke to Annie Stewart,
lots 23 and 24, block 38, San Antonio, East Oak
land: $1200.
P. and Sophie Servin et al.. by Commissioner, to
Christina C. Ryden, lots 4 and &, biock L. Knowles
•t Potter Subdivision of Kennedy Tract, East Oak
land: $717.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to Rudolph Mes, lot
10. block 1, Dowling Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Francis L. Hobson to Annette H. Hooson, lot on
S tine of forest avenue, 369 E of Center stree;, E
01 :6 by s 102:5, lot 16. nlock D, Berkeley Home
stead Association, Berkeley: $10.
Michael and Emma L. Doyle to Homestead Loan
Association, lot on X line of Arch street, 110.308
N of HUgard avenue. N 40.112, E 111.27, S 40, W
115 to beginning, being portion of lot 3, block 5,
corrected map of Daley's Scenic Park Tract,
Berkele : $M>.
H. C. Morris to Richard Doyle, lots 8 and 9,
block 6, Werner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Edward D. Judd to Lewis E. Campbell, lot on N
line of Johnson avenue, 427:.") W ot Court street,
W 27 by N 130, portion of lot 12. Johnson Tract,
Alameaa: $10.
Felfx and De'rina Marcuse to George S. Redding,
lot on E line of Sherman street. 37.33 N of Rail
road avenue, N 83.33 by E 106. Alameda; $10.
A. P. and Arcelia Welcome to George R. Wil
liams, lot on S line of Moss avenue, at a point
winch bears SW 7.20 from a point on line of Moss
avenue which bears NW 230.96 from SE corner of
Moss and Wel-stor avenues, thence NW 163. SW
110. SK 163:4, NX 109:7-. 4 to beginning, Oakland
Township; $10.
Moses H. 1-astm^.n to H. G. Fiske. lot on W line
of Sun l"ablo uvenue, 200 S from S line of plat 40
Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence SE to NE cor
ner of 6-acre tract of Dietz, SW 18.44 chains. NW
4.37 chains, SW 1 chain, NW 2.68 chains, NE to a
point SK 200 feet, thence NE 216 feet to begin
ning, portion of plat 40, Rancho D. and V. Peralta,
Oakland Township; 510.
K. W. Woodward et al. (by Commissioner) to
Eva Rice, lot 34. block C, Parsons Golden Gate
Tract, Oakland Township; $551.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mar
cene Hopkins, lot 14K in plat 12, Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Townshin; $40.
Amelia 8. liawley to Mary A. Mugge, lot 2,
block B, Sunny slope Tract, quitclaim deed, Oak
land Township; $10.
Bernard and Anna McAnney to Felix Marcuse
and J. A. Remruel. lot on SW line of Central ave
nue, 104. X6 s■. fr.mi the point of intersection of
the SW line of Central avenue with the E line of
Grove street, thence SE 60.13, SW 5.09, BWB.BI,
NW 44.0], NE 115.14 to beginning, being lot 6,
block 102, Sat her Trust property, Alameda: $10.
William A. Piper to City o» Alameda, lot 6, to be
taken for oi>*nins and extending Huena Vista ave
nue to a width of 60 feet. W 2071.94 from \V ter
mination of said avenue, and being 217.50 W from
West Seventh st., Alameda; $'Jlot>.
D. S. Smalley to Mary Peterman, lot of land
beginning at a stake on W line of Castro street, 196
Sof A. W 300 by S 4, block 14, Haywards, Eden
Township; $iO.
Alice F. Carcron to W. W. Camron, lots 40, 41,
42 and 43, con aining 82.53 acres, being a portion
of the Amended Map of Oakland, Murray Town
ship; aiso Land and Improvement Company's sub
division of a portion of Santa Kita Rancho at Pleas
anton. Mm ray Township; gift.
W. W. lamron to Xettie Sutherland, lot 40, con
taining 20 acres, being a portion of same, subject
to a mortgage for $B'-'5. Murray Township; $10.
Builder's Contract.
January 17, 1896, B. H. Hund with Allen <t
Tooney, to erect a three-story buildine: on the XX
corner of Eddy and Hyde streets; $1534.
HOTEL AEKIVALB,
GRAND HOTEL.
!J S Spauldlng, Auburn RT Devlin, Sacramento
G A Leg*, New City C W Nickiin, Los Angles
II H Brown, Valiejo L Goodwin. Sacramento
11 H Meyer, Healdsburg J M Polk, Oakland
I J Thomann, St Helena J Thomas, Oakland
M A Thomas, Oakland Mrs Hartley. Mass
Miss Hartley! Mass B T Murphy, tresno
1 Lucy Eastman. Mass R J Monte." San Jose
W X Gormley & wf.Sacto Miss J T ilughes.Los Ans
John T Long, Reno C W Tozier, Cal
j J C Holman, Lodi John <J Call. Spokane
| Miss T Adams, Chicago n Van Bergen, Cal
I R I Kribest. Los Angeles A Armstrong, KiversMe
PHweed, ivtaliima J LTruslow.Sntaßarbara
Wilmer Creg, Milwaukee I D Turk, Santa Hosa
H X Chambers ifewf .\ V R U Holman, San Jose
Mrs D P Holman, S Jose Miss .Holman, San Jose
Mrs Watkins, l.o» Anj Miss Watkins. Los Ang
JnoNßesse, King City J L Mattery, S Bernardino
W N (iauday, Cal John Tait, Stanford
A J Hammond, Redßluff W A shipper, Anson
JCTice, Stockton JSMills. Stockton
X Kocolands, I'lacerville J H. McCudden, Valiejo
R C Wilson, California J W Linsco t, Santa Cruz
J R Leppo, Santa Rosa E C Holm, Livermore
U A Smith, Courilana FA Kilnorn.U'atsonville
R Hartley. I alifornia R Rober son, I'araiso Sps
LC Winsor.MD, san Jose E X Holbrook, Hollister
* RLSS HOUSE.
Mr 3 Brown. Woodland F Staliy. Oakland
Mrs Russell, Mich Mi«s Pnjrter, Ban Jose
W H Grant, Lakeport H E Jones, San Jose
HC McCabe, Bren:wood Mrs Woods, Yreka
G W Brews er. P Hobles L Jiorls, Nevada City
J J Sclmessler, Ind H Budltng, I)3vis
J H Ruoker, San Jose H Fsnvder, Cloverdale
P H Muck, Inyo Co J J Lyons, Cripple Creek
J Jefferson, Cripple Ck J Culieu, .S V
G Doit, Sansalito C D Ogilvie, Bakersfleld
A A Richards.Bakersfield J W Woodward, Susanv
W W Barnes. Hanford C A Gowell, San Jose
T Barry, Sau Jose W i-rv, San Jose
F M cru«hemore, \, Ang C Txipp, Los Anjieles
J Maguire, Los Angeles M Baker, los Angeles
L L Ruio, Los Angeles J Phillips, Los Angeles
E B itea, Los Angeles M T Bowler &. d, Los Ane
T J Murray, Amador \V S McAtee, I'ortlana
W Ilanlon, Anuoch a II Seaman, Antioch
F Perry, Antioch Mrs J UTOwley, ktitherfd
1) Lawrence, Dutch Flat A Kubenstein. Fresno
J Smith, Sunta Rosa F L Peatross, Santa Rosa
\\ r Fleniiiiinß, Oakland F P Medina, Oakland
Miss McManu.s.Yaiie jo W J McCiee. Valiejo
J Bradley <k w, Valiejo
LkK HOUSE.
A H Collins, Mendocino Dr Ivancovlch.Petaluma
■Dr Buckford & w. L'tuh o J spencer, Placer Co
Mrs M F Montrose, Cal Slt Buiord, Montana
A Z Rowney, Montana H'l odd, Oakland
J A McGeary. Cal c W Neal & w, Alameda
G Wilson. Cal W C Rice, san .lose
J C Kays, Los Angeles O J Woodward, Fresno
C D aadcltff, Merced W J Haber, s a n Jose
B D BroaK, San Jose V L (iere.ster, Guatemala
MluOereaxer, Guatemla W J Hass-tt, Sacramento
Prof E L .Driver, San Jose W H Skc-rritt, Valiejo
L L James, Mill Valley B B Smith, Wash
J H Dorety, Oakland S J:rigi;s& w, Los, Angeles
X Mi-Phearson, Cal B Brujidage. Bakersftela
B LBrundage, Bakrsfieid W T .-aiterwhite.L Angls
C L Merrill, Glenco J B Peaks, Stockton
F G Ostrander, Merced J X White, Fresno
Ii C Spalbring, lowa W Darnea), Los Gatos
W A Wheelock, NY R 1 Uently, Sacto
11 N Basgs, t&ockUU) J H Wilson, San Jose
It Clayton, l.os Angeles F Price, uakiand
W J Walsh, Cal J B Rilty, Sacramento
PALACE HOTEL.
A WHklns, Chicago W a i.eaKe, Sacto
c a Whiting, x V d Henron, N y
Mrs E Boyer, Ind ■ S Rosenbaum, Stockton
W Vermilion, Pasadena W Goodaie, Helena
J Phillips, Boston T Coles, santa Barbara
J Laws, Hawthorne Laura Bun, NY -
W Port. NY B Packer, NY
N Van Nuyß, Los Ang ■ E Gibbon, Los Ang
J Church, Denver L Benson, Chicago
Mrs \V S Lcake, .-acto Mrs Kosenbaum, stocktn
Mrs Van Nuys, Los Ang T ). Gibbons, boa Ang
W church, Denver , R 1, Benson, Chicago
A F Walnwright.ChicagoG N Colburn, N V
B F Laagford, .Stockton A Metrtelf, .Stockton
W E Bartholomew, N V W McCreery, Burlngame
T McNear & wf, Oakland V D Black, Salinas
E H Price & wf, PasadnaMiss F loiey, iilgin
C H Broome, U N W U Buck, 0" S N
W B Dudley, NY : .". ,
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Capt A Berude, City of 11 W H..11,r00k, Mrysvlle
Papeete JC CojipHge, MarysvlUe
JJ Kerman & w, Sac -L W West fall, Madera
II M Kolle, Port Costa Cl.a; M Savage, N V :
Mrs JOMattoon.Eelvdre Chas M Hunter, New Or
ii C Suatue, .Montana Ii Bassett, Pacific Grove
B Benjamin, Valiejo C Hindi, Indio -■;.;,-
B D Barker, Livermore \V Wrigbt, Sacramento
Frank C Baker, Portland F Hunt". Washington
Charles C Perdie, MY- Charles Farrell, Boston '
H Meyers, -vapa C Lanaghan, Chicago
Miss Lanaghan," Chicago T Ryan, Perm
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Kingsley, Montana J V Baker, New York
G Graoneck, Salem J C Williams, Sacramento
.1 T Kari, Sacramento C A Va«sem, Denver
F Bierlam, Stockton S J Young, Sea tie
J V Mylar, Philadelphia W H Lincoln. San Jose
N H .-Mltou &w, Oregon F W Mcßurney.NOrleans
D Crouty, New Mexico G Clark, Portland
G Buy Salem •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, ISOC.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
I
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every I
Bight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
| 713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
»ntli 9 o'clock.
SDIB Mission street, open until 8 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
— -l ■■----. ,
notice of jjij£i:Ti>GS.. . •;|;-;
IjP^~caTi for n7a~chapter noTT^ a
IKS' R. A. M.. will meet THIS (TUES- A
DAY) EVENING, January 21, at 7:30 "^jf
o'clock. Stated meeting and M. M. degree. ZvA
By order of the H. P. =^
. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. R. ft '
iS^s' A. M— Second degree THIS (TUES- A.
DAY) EVENING, at 'i :30 o'clock. ""Slf Z?
A. 8. HI'BBARD, Secretary. /^"V
Bt:s» PACIFICLODGENo. 136, F. AND ft
a^ a. M.. 121 Eddy st.. meets THIS *5\
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. 3D. ~W2f
GEORGE PEN LINGTON, Secretary, r^\
GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, ft .■
Iw^ s^ F. and A. M.— Called meeting' THIS £&
(TUESDAY) EVENING, .lan. 21. at7:3o^3f
oMock. D. 3. GEORGE J. HOBE, Sec. /^? r \
|ft^= ORDER EASTERN STAR— MEM- fc '
U^jS' hers of Golden Gate Chapter No. IJ7
will attend the funeral of our sister, MARY iSk
JKPHSON, THIS DAY. from Golden Gate "^
Commanaery Hall at 12:30 o'clock p. m By or-
der of the Worthy Matron.
jjE|p~ THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
*&-*r of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company
?vvr,v? r J\f^. 8tr ct an *>ancisco, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, February 5. 1896, at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. T. DONAH Secretary.
HtSS= DUTCH MINING AND MILLING COM-,
n*-^ pany— The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH MINING AND MILL-
ING COMPANY will be held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68, Stevenson build-
ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery
streets. San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the
21st day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such other business as may be brought before the
meeting.
San Francisco, January 11, 1896.
G. TRITTENBACH, President.
M. Clapssexius, Secretary. • •
JJ^S?= PRESIDIO AND KERRIES R. R. CO.—
J*-*' The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's nlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of I
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 3 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON. Secretary.
Office— llll Union si., corner Sharp's place, San
Francisco, Cal. . .
jjFgp ANNUAL MEETING— REGULAR
Bfc--*^ annual meeting of stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will beheld at the
office of the company, 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAy, the 21st day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
■ E. H. SHELDON, Secretary,
ft^S* TO LET-HALL AND CLUB ROOMS:
Ur~-&- eventually to lease. 310 O'Farrell. basement.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
jjS3p~TiiE orThTan^ an"d h alf-
l^JS 7 orphans that were received into St. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amlv Subaner,
aged 10 yrs.: Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.: Nellie Dixon, 5
yr-". ; Margaret Bushnell, 12 yrs.; Agnes Terry, 1
yr. : Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Rosie Morris, 10 yrs.
Half-orphans— Maggie Sam iez, 9 yrs. ; Susie San-
chez, 8 yrs.; Lillian Leakey, 5 yrs.: Meta Reeb, 2
yrs.; Jennie Reeb, 9 yrs.; Roy Nevis, 5 yrs.; Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Mary List on. 9 yrs.; Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.; Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs.; Margaret
Eisner. 6 mos.: Annie Miller, 2 yrs.; Josephine
Miller, 1 yr. : Mary Pancnuic, 1 yf. ; Mary Snow-
enburg. 9 yrs.: Vera .Marts, 4 yrs.; Agnes Muse,
11 yrs.; Nellie Lenanl, 11 yrs.: Vergil Lenard. 10
yrs.: Henry Lenard, 3 yrs.; Joseph Haley, 8 yrs.; I
Thomas Haley, 2 yrs. ; Lucretia Lenard, 6 yrs.;
Walter Lenard, 7 yrs.: William white, 2 wks.;
Peter Haley, 6 yrs. ; Mary Jackson, 1 yr. ; Louise
Digner, 6 yrs.; Joseph Catchman, 4 yrs.; Laura
Catchman, 9 yrs. ; Agnes Catchman, 5 yrs. ; Irene
Calchman. 7 yrs.; A-,-nes Lefevere, 9 yrs. ; Gastina
Montonia, 2 yrs.: Johnny Rice, 7 yrs.: George
Snowenberg, 7 yrs.; Joseph Snowenberg, 8 yrs.
Abandoned children— Lizzie Donlon, 3 yrs.; Mary
Donlon, 9 yrs.
Bjtrg 3 CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
«^~ JP Chiropodlc Institute, room 11, 906 Market.
I^s=* MRS'.~\VALLACE.~ 109 POWELL~ST\
«K»^ room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
9OIS* BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
<»"**'' Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy st., room 6. Tel. 6580.
rr^S=» MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
&-« y 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
tt^g=" CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
I*-^ fully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurline Baths.
|Paß» WINDOWS AN ED AND FLOORS
»-^ scrubbed, reasonable rates: payment for
damages cuaranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO.. 242 Sutter.
ar^H=" ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP; PAPER-
B*-^ ed S3 50 uo. 3171/2 Third. George Hartman.
tt~JS* A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
fcfr^o^ WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, lor mailing.
SITUATIONS wajiteu-kemale.
SITUATIONS WANTED BY NUMBER of
O Swedish girls for cooking, housework and
chamberwork: good references. 11% Antonio su,
off Jones, near Ellis.
ERMAN WOMAN WISHES A PLACE TO
VJ do housework or as housekeeper; city or coun-
try: $8 to $10 a month. 11l Twenty-sixth St.,
near Mission; Mission Hotel. ■
DR A K ER AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
fitter; sews 50c a day. M. M., box 93, Call.
E~~XPERIENCED MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
lady desires position as housekeeper; excellent
cook. H. X.. box 4, Call.
CANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE
to do general housework. Address 45. Sacra-
mento st. !
A/ OUNG GIRL WISHES UPSTAIRS WORK.
X Please call 17 Howard st. .
GOOD GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
_" as a good cook; references. Inquire at 617
Sacramento st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J for downstairs or would assist in lighthouse-
work. Address 27 Oak st. '
V(ir.\(i WOMAN "would like position
X in lodging-house or assist. in hotel ; good refer-
ences. Address S.. box 57, call.
WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO DO GEN-
»' eral housework: nice cook; wages $15. Ad-
dress Cook, box 54, Call.
y OUNG~ LADY, AGE 30, WISHES POSI-
X tion as nurse. Address Nurse, box 77, Call.
■yOUNG LADY WISHES A SITUATION TO
X do general housework and plain cooking: $15.
Apply 345 Beale st., near Harrison.
SITUAT WANTED TO DO SK.COND-
work by reliable girl; wages $20. Call or ad-
dress 501 Broderick st,
"I ADY WOULD LIKE TO TEACH SMALL
-Li children. Address L. M., box 107, Call.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG GERMAN GIRL I
wishes situation for upstairs work, chamber- j
work or minding children. Apply 318 Jessie st.
A/OUNG COLORED WOMAN WISHES POSI-
X tiontodo general housework; five years' city I
reference. Call 522 Powell st. ■
C ITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE GIRL |
O to do upstairs work or assist in general house-
work. Call or address 146 Hancock st. ■ . •
SITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE GIRL
O to do cooking and housework in an American
family. Call or address 718 Naloma st.
A7OUNG WIDOW IS WISHING POSITION AS
X working housekeeper; is capable of taking
entire charge of any private house; is a good
American cook and seamstress, and is not afraid
of work; country preferred: line references from
present employers. Address W. H., box 54. Call.
IDDLE-AGED LADY EXPERIENCED IN
all kind i of work wants position, city or coun-
try. Address 297 Clementina st. ' ..
TKADY, RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN
wishes a situation in a family as seamstress-
can cut and tit. 502 Post st.
iy ANTED-LA DV OF REFIN EM ENT AND
»' experience wants to take charse of a nice home
orlodgin«--house for widower: home more an ob-
ject than salary. Address Mrs. K. Vs. M., 32 5
Geary st. ' ,_ ■ .
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS A SITUATION To
vT do general housework; is good cook. Call or
address 232 Nineteenth st. , near Mission.
( COMPETENT WOMAN. WANTS WORK BY"
\J the day, washing or bousecleaning. Call at 419
Nittoma St., near Fifth.
A PROTESTANT GERMAN GIRL WOULD
-cl. like a position for upstairs work and sowing
in a private family: wages $20; best references
Address I. W., box 106, Call. '
G~ IHI, WANTS SITUATION; HOUSEWORK
r and cooking: city. 108 Mason st.
p ELI ABLE GIRL WANTS "POSITION FOR
IV general housework; city. or country. Ca11 509
Gough st. ■-.■•■ •
A/OUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
X housework in Herman family. Call 140 Goug'.i.
GIRL, 14 YEARS OLD, WISHES TO ASSIST
* J in light housekeeping or lake care of a baby
in nice family. 7 Call at 317 Third st., room 16.
yOUNG WOMAN WISHES TO DO SECOND
i work or upstairs .work; can give references.
Cull 1616 Lyon st., near Pine.
pOOD VIENNA DRESSMAKER AND SEAM-
VJ stress, New . York and „ city reference, wants
place In private family; wages $25. Apply 177
Minna st. . ■' , ■■ -
CIOMPETENT,, WOMAN WISHES TO DO
V 7 general housework: good plain cook; city or
short . distance In the country: no postals. 967
Mission st., nr. Sixth;, " " * ■" /. I
SITUATIONS ■WANTED-Continuod.
p^OMPETENT^VOMAN WANTS WORk'by
\J the day washing or honsecleaning, or a steady
place by the month; willing to work from $15 to
$20; is a good cook and kind to children. Address
418 Post rear.
RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES PLACE FOR
XV general ousework or cooking in private fam-
ily^ Call US Wildey st. '
DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE TO DO WORK
at home or go out by the day; $1 60 a day.
301 Franklin st.
Y OUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
X do chamberwork In hotel or lodging-house.
Call at, room 67, Prescott House, Kearny st. and
Montgomery aye. r • - • ■■:-■' . ;.
\\r ANTED— SITUATION. BY A PROTESTANT
{) '' • middle-aged woman; two years in last place.
ANTED— SITUATION AS FIRST-CLASS
'» laundress: no objection to chamberwork; best
of reference. M. J., box 90, Call Office. ■.
/COMPETENT N WOM AW. FIRST-
yj class cook, desires situation in first-class Ameri-
can family; wages not under $35 a month; refer-
ences. Call 753 Howard st.
W OMAN. WANTS PLAIN SEWING of any
•' » kind ; gentlemen's clothes cleaned and pressed.
114 Fourth st., room 15.
\\ ANTED — SITUATION BY FIRST-CLASS
J/. waitress: hotel or restaurant. Address MISS
X.. box 1, Call Office.
C COMPETENT COOK, WITH REFERENCE,
) desires a situation ; wages not less than $30;
city or country. 316 Lagmia st.
SWEDISH GIRL NTS A SITUATION IN
a private,' respectable family; a. good cook and
has good city references. Fulton House, room 19.
YOUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
X housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
WANTED — POSITION AS WORKING
• ' housekeeper by young woman for widower
with children; good cook and seamstress; country
preferred: must be allowed to bring her three-
year-old child. Address or call 1332 Turk St., bet.
Webster and Fillmore.
HERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE IN GER-
'JT man family to do upstairs work and wait on
ab c. 468 Jessie st.
"yOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
X typewriter. 873V4 Market St., room 13, second
floor.
OUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
X housekeeper. Call 203 Powell st., room 5.
T> V A THOROUGHLY COMPETENT AMERI-
-*-» can woman, a place to cook in a private fam-
ily, small hotel or in an officer's family at a mili-
tary post ; no objection to leaving the city or State.
Address, for one week, L. Z., box 59, Call Office.
"DEFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
Xt position as traveling companion, saleslady or
cashier. Call or address 24 Hartford st., between
Eighteenth and .Nineteenth.
EXPERIENCED YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES
■* good situation as housekeeper. 105 Stockton,
room 22.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NIL
»» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 50 per night;
$1 «0 to $6 per week ; convenient and respectable;
iree bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WA-NXEIi-sIALK.
PC. G.^O^FsTJcT^F^pXi^S^O^KsTALL
. branches : short notice. 14 Geary. Grant 46.
UNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: ■ tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office;. best help. 414 Vi Fan-ell; tel. E. 426.
WANTED— STEADY position AS PORTER,
»' watchman, etc., by man who will attend to his
work; good city references or security. Address
W. M., box 85, Call Office.
T?NGLISHMAN WANTS position AS su-
-L' perlntendent on first-class stock ranch, or take
management of breeding mares: has first-clasa
reference from the Glendower s ock ranch, Albe-
marie County, Va., which are English hackneys,
and also first-class reference from veterinary sur-
geon as to parturition of mans and the manage-
ment of colts. Apply 776 Howard St.
REGISTERED DRUG CLERK BY EXAMINA-
±\> tion, wishes position. Address S. MILLER
Jr., San Francisco Postoffice. " t
"EMPLOYMENT WANTED AS SALESMAN,
Xli clerk or driver; ten years' local experience; ref-
erences furnished, if required. Address E. G. 11.,
box 86 Call Office.
\\T ANTED— WORK AT PRUNING BY A MAN
' '» who thoroughly understands his work; lias
diploma from county fair. Address HALL, box 32,
Call Office.
ANTED— BY COOK-HELPER, JOB IN A
logging or raining camp to run kitchen and
dining-room: 10 years' experience. Address G.
R., box 78, Call Office.
THiIW iru'Hli'y * RELIABLE GERMAN
X would like position as watchman. - Please call
or address 218*. Turk st.
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN M.AN
O to care for horses for doctor, or any kind of
work in private family; good references. M. H.,
box 161, Call Office. '___ .'
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS POSITION IN
small restaurant or hotel as dishwasher; un-
derstands little cooking; 4 years last place. Ad-
dress S. L., box 16. Call Office. : ;
WINE AND LIQUOR DEALERS, TAKE NO-
»» Ice— Practical German wine, liquor and cellar
man (has been foreman in several wine and
liquor houses in California and Germany) will take
contracts of any kind, large or small, by the hour,
day or month, for compounding, during, bottling
wines and liquors for saloons, groceries or wine
and liquor houses, and distilling, coopering or re-
pairini:: guarantee for the work; terms reasonable:
postals answered immediately. Address H. K.
box 11, Call Office. .
NGINEER OF 36 . YEARS' EXPERIENCE
wishes a position; does repairing; would go as
night watchman; well recommended. Address
W. W. P., general P. P., city.
p OMPOSITOR, COMPETENT IN BOOK AND
\J job work, wants position; English and Ger-
man. Please call or address 11. F., 15 Langton st.
IV" A POSITION BY MIDDLE-AGED
»* married man, in a wholesale house; position
more an object than wages. Address M. W., box
61, Call.
WANTED— BY A GOOD STRONG BOY OF
* ' 17, place in factory, store or tending a small
boiler. Call or address 525 Ellis st.
OH UATION, CITY OR COUNTRY: BY MID-
O die-aged man; care of private place, can milk-
drive; reference. Address J. L., box 67, this office.
\\T ANTE D- Pi IT 1 1 AS ENGINEER OR
• ' fireman, by sober, married man. Inquire 2
Bond st.
ViriLL DO ANY KIND OF WORK IN CATHO-
'» lie family; moderate- wages; good reference.
Address J., box 19, Call. . .
yOUNG MARRIED MAN AND WIFE WANT
X work together; will go in the country; both are
steady and capable and are good cooks. Address
147 Ninth st.
HONF.st WORKER WANTS WOOD
VI to cut or other odd jobs about city, by the job
or day. Address W., box 5, Call Office. -..-
IJ ARBER WISHES SITUATION; 16 MONTHS'
XJ experience. Address R. 8., box 43. Call Office.
VOUIKG MAN, AMERICAN, STEADY, RE-
-- liable and industrious, wonld like work on a
fr- it ranch: Santa Clara County preferred. Ad-
dress M.. box 60. Call Office, Oakland.
MALK .NURSE, 6l/ 2 YEARS' EXPERIENCE,
-l-'A understands massage and alcohol rubbing,
wants engagement: willing ; to fill up spare time
wl.h any kind of work; $20 per month; Scotch-
man : age 40. R. M. 8.. box 7, Call Office, Oakland.
"V 1 " O U MAN WISHES POSITION OF ANY
1 kind; city or country; "good driver and under-
stands horses; wages $10. Address S., box 9, Call.
W"ANTED-TO CARE FOH HORSES AND
» ' garden by a first-class middle-aged man; first-
class driver: can milk and make himself generally
useful; best of references. J. 8., box 46, this office.
GOM PETENT VINEYARDTST, WINEMAK-
yj er, distiller, etc., wishes position. R. T. H.,
566 California St., San Francisco.
YOUNG HAN WANTS WORK; HANDY AT
X house-painting, whitewashing, glazing, paper-
hanging or work of any kind: will work reasonably
by the day, U. L.. box 135, Call Office.
YOUNG Tiajs WISHES SITUATION to
X drive delivery wagon or express; used to
horses; good driver. Address or call 307 Fourth.
pHA CHMAN Oil MAN : A BOUT PLACE, OR
\J do any kind of work: thoroughly understands
care of horses. C. H., box 162, Call.
l/tRST-CI.ASS CANDY MAN' WANTS SITUA-
X tlon; had long experience in Europe, and has
first-class references: is used to wholesale and re-
tail manufacturing of candies. Call or address J.
FRENCH. 1037 Market St.
YOUNG BOY WISHES POSITION AS ER-
•*- rand boy or to work in store. Address P. S.,
box 40, this office. :
Ur I ED- WO BY. YOUNG MAN (GKR-
' » man) to make beds, wait on taMe or kitchen
work: city or country. Pleas*- address H. VIE-
LITZ, 631 Sacramento st., room 86. .
8 TEA D MAN (TEAMSTER) WISHES A
►^ job in city; any kind of work, light or heavy.
Address W. R., box "9, this office. ;
EXPERIENCED WINB CELLAKMAN
wishes work; city or country: best of refer-
*'iicf. Address H. J..*box 48. this office.
FJ3MALK HELP, WASTED.
T^ANTED— NURSE ! ■ FOR TWO CHILdrEN,
'» $25; cook for small school, $20. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.
WAITRESS FOR SMALL RESTAURANT,
"• $20 a month: competent waitress and parlor
maid, $25; Protestant cook, assist small wash, San
Rafael, $25; a general * housework girl for small
family in Stockton. Apply MISS PLUNKETT,
424 sutter. , ■-. ' . ■ -
OMPANION FOR ELDERLY LADY; MUST
KJ speak Spanish. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. r .
YOUNG NURSE GIRL, SLEEP HOME; A
X number of young girls to assist and others.
C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st. ,
STRONG AMBERMA ID, HOTEL, CITY,
O $■^0; waitress, country, hotel. $20; 2 waitresses,
north, $20; 3 waitresses to go south Wednesday,
$20. c. h. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
OTEL HEAD WAITRESS, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN A lIP Geary st. . .I ■ .
X\r A 5 T KD— 4 COOKS, GERMAN STYLE, $25
'»- and $30; French second girl, $30; 3 cooks,
boarding-house, $25,: $30 and $35; 2 hotel wait-
resses, 20: and girls of all nationalities for cook-
ing and housework in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 312 Butter st.
__ HELP WANTED— Conttnned. _._■__♦
"P OR THE BEST SELECTED HELP
Male or female, call on or address MARTIN'S
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 749 Market street;
Telephone, Main 1849— lArgest and best con-
ducted agency of its kind on the coast. WeTwant
this morning: Woman cook, $35, room, etc.; 5
: waitresses, $20, room, etc.; chambermaid and
wait at table, some $20, room, etc: starcher, steam
laundry, $12 a week; shirt ironer, $10 a week: 5
lroners. $9 a week: 25 housegirls, $12 to $20 a
month, city and country. ... - .;
GIERMAN COOK, $35; SECOND GIRL, $25 ;
f nurse, $20; housework girls, Oakdale, $25;
Stanislaus County, $30, and other towns: 10 house-
work girls, city, $15, $20 and $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 105 Stockton st. :■.■,_<
CHAMBERMAID AND . WAITERESS, $20.
\J MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st. .
. INFANT'S NURSE, 525 TO $30. MISS CUI>
X LEN, 105 Stockton st. - ■
COOK, FEW~BOARDERS, COUNTRY, $20;
chambermaid and laundress, country, $20;
girl for housework and cooking. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st. , .
pERMAN COOKS, $30: INFANT'S NURSE,
VJ $25; nursegirl, $18; also ' girls for housework
and to assist. MliS. i RD, 721 Ellis.
COOK SMALL AMERICAN FAMILY, $25;
German girl, $25; German cook, Hanford, $25;
good places; 10 girls. MME. LEOPOLD.2O Stocktn.
Vl r ANTED- PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
M term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Post.
RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AS
1 working housekeeper where there are children;
wages $10; good home for right person. L., box 4,
Call.
"VTEAT. BRIGHT GIRL NOT UNDER 10
_J\ years can have a good home in a family of 2
.and attend school in return for light services. . Ad-
dreas C, box 69, this office. ■ .
OUNG NURSEgTrL WANTED. APPLY
MRS. T. HOPKINS, 21iy 3 Geary st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO MIND CHlL-
dren. 1217 Webster st. .. . ■
ANTED-A YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSE-
work; wages $12. Call at 624 Hayes st.
p IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE 802VALL-
VJ ejo st., flat A. ■
W AN i ED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
'» housework. 2241 Sutter.
WANTED— NICE APPEARING LADY TO
•' take charge, millinery and dressmaking; also
girls to learn; permanent positions and good wages
guaranteed, at MME. D. DE BOUCHER, 121 Post
St., rooms 27 and 28, over O'Connor, Moffat <fc Co.'s.
GOOD HOME FOR GIRL IN SMALL FA M-
ily. • 24 Mary St.. off Mission, bet. sth and 6th.
NTED— A YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST AND
care for baby. ■ 611 Larkin.
"yOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Call after 9 a. m. at 426 Haight.
Ex PERI ENC ED pickle-packers on
glass goods. Foreman, box 108, Call Office. |
LADIES TAUGHT HAIRDRESSING, MA Nl-
curinz, etc.; class forming. 131 Post, room 20.
MEAT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AN D
XI plain cooking. 729 Golden Gate aye.
\TEaT GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
■Ii work. Call at 936 Filbert st. . •
rPHE N. Y. CLOAK SUIT HOUSE LEADS
X low prices; on sale, 590 dresses. 1210 Market.
GIRLS WANTED FOR COUNTRY DANCE-
haII. Call at 248 Fourth st., room 2, from 10
a. m. to 10 p. m.
~Yk[ ANTED — APPRENTICES DESIRING TO
"» become professional nurses and speakine or
understanding both French and English. For
further particulars apply at New French Hospital,
Point Lobos and Fifth a yes. '
"\yj IDDLE AGED PROTESTANT WOMAN FOR
J-'i- general housework and care of baby. Address
W., box 16, this office. /
ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
school: class or private; young ladies fitted for
the trade; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
•Vf ISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
I'JL linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga St.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second : special at
trillion given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms. ;
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third ml, near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nighß $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus to and trom the ferry.
XJLT ANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
M how to cut regular tailor system; only reliable
system ;no models, charts or squares used. COH ,
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter St., city.
H~ AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 30c: MORNING
and ev'g classes ;lo lessons,? 1 50. 1248 Mission.
T AWRENCE PATTERN , HOUSE— DREbS-
XJ cutt'.ng school. 1231 Market st., Det. Bth and 9*.h.
RESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister si., rooms 67 and 68.
I NCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $160 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f«>e bus to and from the ferry.
RESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
mai.i; ll'tSLl* wamkd.
a respectable boy WHO HAS
» " been on a ranch to make himself useful about
the place: reference* required; $10 per month ana
good home. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
ILKER WHO CAN RUN A SEPARATOR;
ill country: $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
\\r ANTED— BUTTER-MAKER, $30; AMER-
'» ican miner, $2 50 day; nurseryman; cabinet-
makers for country, $'/ 50 day ; Swiss farmer and
pruner; cooks, waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ENGINEER FOR A RANCH ; FARMER AND
1J wife; nurse for a gentleman; night cook; 2
cooks; 2 waiters; barber to take a country shop in
hotel; 2 choreboys. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
ACTIVE AND RELIABLE MaN WHO IS
-/V thoroughly and favorably acquainted wiih the
wholesale and retail merchants in this city and
Oakland Apply to-day at room 167, Crocker bldg.
ANTED-GOOD CITY CIGAR SALESMAN";
references. Address M., box 51. Call.
OOD BARBER FOR EVENINGS. APPLY
at 602 Halghtst.
young waiter, with experience in
■L restaurant; $25. 104 Seventh st.
\\r ANTED— V MAN FOR OFFICE
» ' work in a manufacturing establishment: hours
7 a. m. to 6 p. m. ; salary $25 per month; give age,
reference and qualifications. Address, in own
handwriting, S. M. CO.. box 61, this office.
WANTED-FOR TH U. S. S. ADAMS,
• » (shortly to sail for Honolulu), about 50 men
comprising seamen, ordinary seamen, machinists,
(first-class), carpenters, mates, shipwrights and
blacksmith. Apply at 421 East st. ■
OY ACQUAINTED WITH THE CITY, iFOR
a stationery store. 713 Larkin st.
HOE REPAIRER WANTED. 1060 HOW-
ard st.
WAITER WANTED. 207 SECOND ST.
OOD DISHWASHER FOR RESTAURANT.
204 Fourth st. .
Practical" shoemaker FOR new
X work and repairing. iy Polk st., nr. Market.
1 f\(\ MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR sc; CLEAN
X\J\J towel to each and bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14% Montgomery aye.
5 DISHES AND CUP COFFEE, WINE, BEER
or cider, 6c. MRS. DAILY'S, 619 Merchant st.
WAN TED-PARTNER IN PAINTING AND
»» paper-hanging business; good trade. Apply
463 Sixth St., Oakland. - .
ANTED— GOOD HUSTLERS.TO CANVASS
city and country. Call or address 632 Market
st., room 10; P. O. box 2293.
TNDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH «40 CASH CAN
• X secure steady, profitable employment by ad-
dresslng J. D., box 119, Call Office. *
ARBEK-SHOP; $160; SISKIYOU CO., CAL.;
good chance for steady barber; shaving 25c.
Particulars see STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
MAN TO JOIN ME; PAYING SINES.-,; $-J5
required. Address M. T., box 109, Call Office.
L> ARBER-SHOP ; BUTTE C0.;>250: OLD ES-
I > tablished and pays well; shaving 16c. Call on
STOLTZ, 63 > Market. r
W ANTED— YOUNG MAN ACCUSTOMED TO
'» laundry work; Protestant American preferred.
Address Laundry, box 163, Call.
WORKING PARTNER WITH $50; GOOD
'' paying business. X., box IS, this office.
PARTNER WANTED TO PROSPECTING;
X one with experience; must have some money.
Address Mining, box 63. this office.
BARBER SHOPS— SEVERAL OF THEM IN
which fair wages can be made; prices ranging
from «60 up to $100. For full particulars call to
STOLTZ'S barber supply house, 630 market st. ,
ANTED—MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
'their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; no charge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Sutter. r. 4.
AILORS— ADVERTISER WITH FIRST-
X class business has an opening for young man
to learn cutting, ft tins and the general routine ot
merchant tailoring; small premium required;
good references given and required. Apply a.
GEE, Merchant Tailor, Placervllle. ■
ARBER-SHOP AND 5 BATHS; COUNTRY;
half-interest $35«; this Is one of the best in the
State. Full particulars at BTOLTZ'S Barber Sup-
ply House, 630 Market st. - ,
VTEW WALDO; HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
i-^l Third and Fourth— furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per weeK $1 up; open all night.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
XJ courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137. Fourth.
\V ANTED-500 < MEN ■TO EAT 3 BIG HOT
cakes, with coffee. for fie. ■11 Drummst. ■-.-•.
EEFSTEAK AND ONIONS. COFFEE, BIS-
X> cult, potatoes, etc., 6c. .: 635 Clay. ;.* ..-■■■■
BA RBERS* ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238 V? O'Farrell st.
rpHE RAILROAD~HQUSErS33 COMmERCIaL
-I St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 16c night
26c for two; best and cleanest house in town. .
B ARBER-SHOP; CITY; SPLENDID CHANCE :
Western Addition; runs 3 chairs steady; satis-
factory reasons for selling. . STOLTZ, 630 Market.
KOSEDAIJE HOUSE, 3_i ELLIS ST.^SINGLE
-LV furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week. ..
. - -• ■ -
— ~ HELP WANTED-Contlnnwa.
NEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
j-i rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
TpOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
X try 13y Grant aye.; coffee a special ty.
BEST PLACE IIN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes. <26V ,opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129 '
Sixth st.; misfit, saoes bought and exchanged.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD-'
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
VfEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
i.> 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. : 959 Howard st.
W" HA I, C , UEEK " OIIS^- 629 SACRAMENTO
st.: 200 rooms; best in the city, single rooms I
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c. luuma
• INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry. *
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
1 lift MEM TO TAKE LODGING AT IUC, 16c
J ' 'U and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St., near Kearny. ■.-.;.. . s .
\lir ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
|V T steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
EN'S J/ 2 -SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD-
__ single fi.rnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary.' CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
TIT ANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
Vt to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, BtlU runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $S per week.
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS Foil sc;
also a bottl tof lager, sc, at .637 Clay st.
I? REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME;
' single rooms 15c, 20c a night, »1 a week.
A AH MEN'S SECOND-HAN
_:UU nearly new. 25c to »] 25. 562 Mission st.
EST IN CIT /— SINGIiE ROOMS. 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night; »1, »l 25. 9 1 60 p«r weelc.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leldesdorff sta.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
»» week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. ,
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; 11 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW MACHISK FOR RKPAIR-
O ing shoes: call and see; half-soled In 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery; all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
AGENT WANTED.
pALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants good agents to work its accident and
sick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secretary, Murphy building. .
KOOWS WANTED.
TirANTE V>- T^pIjEASANt'" SUNNY ROOMS,
» » with or without board, for family of 4 adults:
conveniently located; private family preferred;
references given. Address M. O. 8., box 57, Call.
ANTED— BY FEBRUARY 1. 3 OR 3 HOUSE-
keepine rooms, unfurnished, within boundaries
of Thirty-ninth Assembly District. Address 8.,
box 102, this office. -
PBOI'KKXV WANTED.
waxted^-aTot cheXp" for'^cxSaTlOS-
» » cation near Randall, Palmer or Chenery sts.
Apply or address Plumbing-shop, 4 Golden Gate
avenue.
WANTED-MISCELLAJJKOUS.
\KT ANTED— USE OF PR I ANO FOR
<T storage. Address W. P.. box 161, Call Office.
WANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS. watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third floor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
claikvoy ants.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT PROF. LEON,
XJ palmist clairvoyant: tells the truth and nothing
but the truth. 633 Post. 9to 8 daily ; also Sunday.
EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents 25c. 206 Fourth st.
ADAM PORTER, CARD-READER; TELLS
the past. present and future; ladles 50c, gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $150. 126
Turk St., near Jones.
MM E. RA VENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
MME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth. !
ing except til: names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1; letter *2. 9'J9 Post st., nr. Larkin.
AUGU-TA LEOLA. FORTUNE^ TELLER:
magic charms, love tokens: true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling:
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past.present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ISS MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
picture of future husband or wife. 766% How-
ard st. ■ - r
ME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
i'A great clairvo>ant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned to
her old rooms in san Francisco; ladies and gents
50c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
. tho cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 865*^ Market.
SPIRITUALISM. -
A DDIE SWAIN IS LOCATED AT 227 GEARY;
-aV. circle to-night at 1018 Mission.
R. WOOD, CIRCLE THIS EVENING. 597
Ellis; 25c. [J-
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 597 Ellis st.
RS^ J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trn nee medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY.
PAST AND FUTURE REVEALED; WRIT-
-L ten prophecy: sena date.of birth and 10c. PRO-
FESSOR W. MONROE, astrologer. 1129 Howard.
LOST. (
2 RE^T^sTaTE~^ECORDS LAND 1 BLOCK
book. Suitable reward, SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. .: ■. . . w
T~Osf~OR STOLEN JANUARY 17-GORDON .
XJ setter: dog license 649: return 504 Fulton st.;
snltable reward: parties failing to return or turn
loose said dog within 3 days after this notice will
if found be prosecuted to the full penalty of the
law.
OST — DRAFT NO. 402 IN FAVOR H.
SCHMIDT; amount, $12 40. Return to Gua-
lala Mill Company, 31 Steuart st. ■■
T ADY'S SILK HANDKERCHIEF, WITH 3
XJ rings: 1 wedding ring. Return to 1254 How-
ard st; reward.
WHITE THOROUGHBRED ESQUIMAUX
" dog; black spots around face. Liberal reward
if returned to 529 Second st.
OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
not getting my shoes made to order by
GEORGE BRYANT, 204 Turk St., near Jones.
1 O«T— JANUARY 10. T * SCOTCH ■ TERRIER
XJ nuppy; Jefferson square 1120»A Turk St.- re-
ward. . ■
KINDLE- WHITE GREYHOUND bitch
Return to 3420 Mission st.; reward.
"VfO NEY. BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
■"A papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company. 635 McAllister st.
DENTISTS. '
E|R. GEORGF^".~LX EX"T^ur^K~NUINE"
' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up- 13 years'
experiei.ee. R. L. WALSH, D.D.3.; 815% Geary.
A SKI OF TEETH WITHOUT A ~PLATE
J&. DR. H.G. YOUNG, 1 84 1 Pol st. Ali ~
I\R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY - BRIDGE^
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS"
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL. ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-"
\Jket. bet. 3d and 4tb, gas specialists: only rei:-
ableagent for painless extraction- artificial" teeth
frm $5; fillings frni $1; extracting 600, with gas $1.
<B;7 A SET FOR TEETH; WARRANTED AS
tJJ) I good as can be made; filling $1 DR SIMMs:
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater:
I\R. LUDLUM HILx,, .1443 "MARKET ST "
JJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over lkf T«w°
teeth ftom_Mper se^extracfn^SOcT gas fifv^ ' '
pOLTON DENTAL ASSOCUATlojriioirMTlir
V^ketst^Dß. CHARLES W. DECKER MAX "
-______^^^ E S T un^siK2
liouse,: low rates; advance, madf -Trigrt *s&
S T h° m AGE . OP FURKI ' PIANOS HOUSE-
__ hold good^etc^ J. M. PIERCE. 736 Market »l
W £ LBOX BROTHERS. 1710~2XrkET^
" Storage; low rate,-, telephone South 762 T "
~:-' ::; ~ : " " .■ :; BIC-CLES.- "
W INDSOR~BicVcLET:"~ST^HJTirr^HTGH
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LPT-"
_j__^_^ PHYSICIANS.
DR.A.dk LU^i^PHY^HJN^U^GEONTROYAL
j_Wversity Turin,lt_ly. Nucleus b1dg.661 Markt
REMOViCD-DB, C. C. O'DONNELL~T(rT2bB
Market-st. : diseases of women a specialty.
"_■-. 1 slg wy<»_JM--cmA-j_s.
ALL KINDS EOUGHTVSOLD, EXCHANGFT)"
rented, repaired; lowest rates 205 Fourmat:
PERSONALS.
CAPITALIST, sfNGLE^ AGED 30. IS ANX-
\J ions to marry a woman who deems herself capa-
ble of being at the head of a large establishment
and presiding at high social functions: need not be
very young if she 8 very bright and lovable. Ad-
dress REGINALD V., box 57, Call Offlc ■.
\\r ANTED— HOME I GOOD CATHOLIC FAM-
VV ily for good girl. 12 years old, where she will
get her board for assisting; must go to school.
Address Girl, box 51, Call.
OR SALE— A METHOD OF PRESERVING
1 fruit and vegetables for an Indefinite period;
satisfaction assured, I>or terms call at 509 Filbert
st. JOHN SPAIv H- ,
THE WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, LATE OF
New York, has located; all the new appliances
ana methods for curing diseases: inflammation,
ulc'erallon and prolapsus successfully treated: in-
fallible remedies for irregularities; testimonials in
office; consultation free. office, 25 Murphy bldg
EAFNE.SS— THE AURAPIIONE RESTORES
lost bearing, cures ear defects: Invisible; book
.mailed free. F. F. FINLAY, 10 California St., S. F.
TF THE LADY WHO PAID $1 50 YESTERDAY
-. for a switch will go to O. LEDERER'S, 111
Stockton st., this week she will find the same for
$1; $1 switches, 75c; hairdressing, 25c.
(ll* 1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
tIP i- floor. 206 Leaven worth st. .
A DVICE FRKE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
-£_. laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable: collections, etc G.
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
REAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS"
T at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
Rt., NX. cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
ONE MORE CUT— ' [ ~
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 60 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges *3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
,. ta , sh or time Payments. J. NOON AN.
1017,1019,1091, 1088 Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
t^> showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
sates, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
tnem, too: be sure and see stock and get prices be-
-1OS(Vn&0 S( Vn&. e M* w } l re - J - NOON AN, 1017, 1019.
1021, 1028 Mission st., above sixth.
VfRS. t? ".. 11 ,; OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
ilrn ?■> I? ' UnI °" Suits »nd Equestrian Tights
Jaros L nd .erwear; Ober Corsets for stout figures.
f^fl !P Or , Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude bahy outfits; great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
G fHi rlA , N » ENNA ' HAIRDYE. PER-
-LJ fectly harmless. Lancley-Michaels Co.; all
chemists: Hubbard'n 923, Hauptli 1156 Market.
LiOR FINE POULTRY A - GAME GO TO -
-*■ HiKAastK, 7o ana 79 Center Market.
AR . T rON ' S BCHOOI OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday
January 6. For particulars address or apply 4'>t
Pice st. ' ■
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
Sutter St., between Stockton st. and Gran: aye.,
.vhere the best of coal can be had at lowest prices.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
1 (\l\f\ BUSINESS CARDS, $1 50: TELE-
ivUV phone "Black 141." HlLL, 724% Market.
LD" BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pip<*
etc. : cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
/CLOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIK*"
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third nt.
j|j DKESS3IAKKKS.
BRADLEY, 313 GEARY-ELEGANT STYI^
ish suits made, $5 up. Dresses made over.
DI ESSES FROJIS2UP; WRAPPERS, 35c U \\
505% Na:oma st., near Sixth.
UITS SKIRTS 75C: SILK WAISTS, LAT-
est style, $1 50; lit guaranteed. 559 Stevenson.
DRESSES CUT AN!) FITTED, $3;
popular prices: waists $3. II Geary st.
_________
MEDICAL.
ME. DE MAcTIA^~wb7rDERTTHT;
only true method in the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 hours: $5: perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67: physician's consultation free.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU"
menis or worthless pills usea; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men*
physician -.knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RK
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladles' physicians
In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladies will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been Imposed upon are spe-
cially invited: home in confinement: treatment
warranted: advice free: Pink Pills, *'<. DR. and
MRS^DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
DR. HALL. 14 llc-Al.Llsl STKEET, RKA.R
; Jones. Diseases of women and children.
MRS. G. WOOD. MI D W I PI : ; DISEASES OF
the womb a Rpecia'ty. 230 Clara St., nr. Fifth.
ALL Female" irregularities RE
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
time; travelers helped atone*?: home in con-
finement: French pills guaranteed : consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES a SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance; low lees; regulator, *2.
1370 Market.
LADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis su,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
A SURE. CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIB-
-eases, from whatever cause; a Lome in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
* HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
x- MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416Elghth St.. Alameda.
MRS. DO. WEGENER: PRIVATE HOME IN
'»! confinement: irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH~"PILLS. A BOON TO
-"— . ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure: $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. CaL
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see Mr». Dr. Pnetz and be content. _64V a 4th.
tUtCATIOSAL.
MRS. MEirviLL^SN^r^E^H^AS^KMON^KT)
to 520 Sutter st. ; teacner of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution: ladies and
gentlemen coached in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays; appearances arranged.
n ENTLEMAN WITH COLLEGIATE EDUCA^
\J tion will give private lessons in English
branches, booKkeeping, mathematics and sciences:
California credentials and references. Address E-,
box_B7. Call Office.
rpilE LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE-
A individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayres' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery su
EM ELI 'MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sins-
Ing. 2300 Webster st., cor, of Washington.
A NISH AND FRENCH ACADEMi; c.\..
0 tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
fS month: also painting academy, flowers specialty,
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations. Spanish.
French, English. 1170 Market st.. room .17.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP^
A Ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College. 723 Market.
■yOCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN 1M
» proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
CPANISHiERENCH.ETC PROF.DkFILIPPE'S
O Academy of Languages; 320 Post; estab. 1871.
AT ISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
i** St.— Board. English. French, pi mo. dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tionatlow figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY;
£lassor private. MRS.EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
BELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
JJ Private theatricals arranged : pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
S' CHOOL ELECTRICAL* CIVIL, MINING, JIK-
»J chanical engineering. 'surveying, architecture,
__! y._* tab - '64. VAN DKB NAILLEN, 723 Mku
OTUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
-0 slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building. "
OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE-
Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
taught. Prof. L. MERKI, 225 Geary reasonable
C PaNISH.FKENCH.GERMAN; MODERATE.
, Meisterachaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
XJIGHTSCHOOL-.tiEALD'SBUS,. COLLEGE
— * Post : commercial, shorthand. English : low ra'ei
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; RE A-
gonable. . PROF. FRANCIS. 1045y a Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYINOfcUNNING-
\J ham's >chool. cor. Geary and Powell sts.
Q AN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
0 Market: send for cat.: day and evening session.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR" 6 CENTS — THJB
WEEKLY CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
ATTOKSEYS^AT-LAW.
A"~~DVIC_ri REETTJi^o'ivCE^IfLMPROBATIS
laws a specialty ; •alts, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable; collection*, »tc.
O.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, b5O Market.cor.Stocktoa
m .1. iIURRY, All V AND COUNSELOR AT
1 . law; advice free. '.'4 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,4a«
• California it,, rm_ 14-16: advice fra*.
BUi: DlKli AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
pONTINK.MAL BUILDING AND LOAN >AS
\J sociation— Home office, 222 Sansome St., S. F.
General savings <_ loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver £WrldifB / V.Pr.; w Corbln 4 Sec.&Ge_.24-a. fpO 1 BUY. SELL CuTKXc7TA^^"A^ijsTNESS
' .*■ of a»yjiiii<i see STRAND «h CO.. 45 Third st.
<J 7 \ •:■.... ONE OF BEST~c6I£
'1* ''•'• ner3 In NYf stern Addition: full value In
stock and fixtures; seller Is landlord and will as-
* S CO U> 4s every way: a big bargain. STRAND
*Q*J^n WANTED TO-DAY, PARTNER IN
«UJO«JU. commission business: will clear $75 per
month to each.: See STRAND <fc CO., 45^ Third st.
©9^o JtESTAti RANT;; FINK LOCATION:
♦v— t/U. good trade: great bargain if sold to-
day; investigation allowea. STKAND CO., 45
£hird si.
SALK— HOUSE, \\Tt H RES-
-»- taurant ar.d bar: 4 furnishrd rooms; doing a
business of $45 daily among factories: no better
location'; ground rent $20, with lease: owner going
to Kuropo. REIDY .v CO., Us l i sixth st.
LOODGING- \
-J house; «ood business. KgIDY A CO., 13% 6th.
■\\rHEN~YOU ARK : ISUUSTED WITH OTH-
'* en and want to buy or sell your business give
bs a trial. BEIUY it CO.; 13y 2 Sixth^t.
TjIINEaALOONJDOINO I GOOIJ BUSINESS IN
■C coum-ciion with lodcin^-house of 10 elegantly
furnished rooms; spUndtd location: must be sold;
owner going East. RE ; 1) Y & CO., 13V2 Sixth st.
HLBS ka-
loou" doinj; poc>d business: siilPiidid location;
' sickness cau-se of sale. RKIDY & i O.< 13',^ Sixth.
O9AA LIGHT BUSINESS : t SAME HANDS
. ij-UU. 3 years; clearing S2O week; suitable
for man atui wife or two ladies. STANLEY, 9
' Geary, room 2.
• -•;,,,, PARTNER WANTED? INDOOR
tJ)-IV'U. business: run by present owner 14
years: suited :o plain sieady man satisfied with
• •75 10 §100 n niotitU; trial given. STANLEY, 9
Geary room 2.
J I CIO AR-STOHB I ON KE \H\ V, NEAR
X 1 Market st. JOHNSTON, 261,^ Kearny st.
Q I -.V, TA RTN ER ; {IN fXi PAYING * CASH
0 ' ' «/. 1 usiness in this city: good for $85
monthly: can be increased. JOHNSTON, 'J6'..
Kear- st.
. <|i(» lK "' ! ; "' AND BAR AT A SACRI-
■ *&^" yj ' <'«;•*-' JOHNSTON. 281/2 Kearny st.
2GO/I RARE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND
■ v-vjui'. dairy business; old pstublished; good
trade; profit $I'J5 a, month; can be improved.
1 JOHNSTON; 26Xfc Kearny st.
L"WX)TICE -~TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
. .I.V promptly for cash, HEALY A CO.. 23 Kearny.
Partner. lanuUcturing business; clears $100
each a month; .$5OO.
fAI corner liquor-store: make offer.
I'artiior, first-Mass corner liquor saloon: $500.
Corner grooory-store: living-rooms: $375.
B:ikery, 18 barrels week: living-rooms: $900.
Jiostaurant and coiTpr saloon; Market st.
Beiore purchasing app'.y
; HEALY A CO.. 23 Kearny st.
■<')('( |. i RESTAURANT AT POTRIcRo"
• — "mf, do ng a business of $50 per day; 4
rooms; building included in sale; so such bargain
. ever offered for sale; best of reason for selling.
Apply W. F. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
<",(|i| FIRST-CLASS HOME BAKERY
•' '". with all liter trade of 916 to 'JO a
day: No. 1 location; livlns-rooms furnished; trial
•. £^_BAR^\ETr^SKIFi' 1 1 B(>sVfe Market St.
' <'!', I) °YSTER AND CHOPTIOt'SE; CEN^
V't-»y^. tral; low rent: clears $100 montn: great
bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF, StiDVb Market si.
f' <">(!( I PAVING CORNER GROCERY AND
'V. bur; livinfr-rooras; rent $25: mast sell;
oner wanted. BARRETT. Btjsy 3 Market st.
<-lOn C ?>'FEE ANIfOYsf ETThOUSE; Vl-
' «*«?>» y^. cinity sixth and Market; low rent.
BARRETT A SKTFF, 865^ Market st.
< " ( )( k PARTNER WAN IEJJ WHOLESALE
• •' 'V. and retail produce and commission
■ business In busiest country town in California;
f offers --rand opportunity for Rome active man.
1 STKNBERO & CO., 68. Market sU
Qi '~ ', HIvSTAURANT; BARGAIN; NF.AR
. «u?^ 1 «>. p. £«. depot : Beating t>o: must be sold in
J 3 days. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
. <^"i(| LIQUOR STORE; FULL VALUE
. i?O<J\J. stock. teTENBERG & CO.. 632 Market.
•<•■'•', PARTNER, RESTAURANT: TEND
•- ——*-'• cash counter: owner thorough business
man; partner preferred to hired help. BTEN-
BERG CO., 632 Market st.
QQ^O iROCERY AND BAR IF SOLD IM-
•_ •,*t\j. mediately; fine location: account de-
parture; don't miS3 this. UTENBEBG «fc CO.,
632 Market st.
5&QO(1 RESTAURANT, BLOCK FROM CITY
V""*-'- Hull: receipts average S2O: owner 4
years: leaving the city. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market St., ■■;>]>. Palace. •
Q97K SALOON, KEARNY ST.: NICELY
• _—!•'. fitted up: this place Is very inviting
and suitable for 2 persons; expenses light: bargain.
.STKNBERG CO., 632 Market st.
AKKKY. COFFEE PARLOR: VERY BEST
ltvanon; finest fitted-up place In city: Has very
larco counter and outride trade: positive guarantee
from oivnsr as to amount of business: trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places: must sell one at sac-
riEce. STENBERG &CO , 632 Market st.
I nOn BAKERY
yX>)\J\J. AND COFFEE SALOON
I.arce o\ >-n — — — ,
Offer Hnted. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
<R.".i» OLD ESTABLISHED SALOON ON
t^uOVJ- California bi.; value of natures unit
- stock, - 200; must he sold to-day: particulars 533
California St., Phconix Bar. : WILKE: •
<••"()-: IN BUSINESS CENTER;
• . ».;w. established yearn -.large; patron.' rent
?35: lease 4 years. Call 533 Cai. St., Phcenix Bar.
SA LOON FOR SALE; GOOD CHANCE; 772
Harrison. see owner, 427 Fourth st.
<".(' WILL BUY RESTAURANT; BEST
i?UU\> location; well fitted up; business will
. spoak for Itself; first-class chance for any one that
mi-i'.ns business. Apply Call Office.
HAIR* FOR SALeT«4*OO; CENTRAL
location; rent -25. Apply Call Office.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE STORE FOR
sale, 2000; or, half Interest; full investiga-
t ion; next to P. O. box 1, Brent wood, Cal.; re-
<• liable single man preferred.
AKERY, NOTION AND CANDY STORE FOR
sale cheap. 909 Bryant.
\\' ELL-FURNISHED SALOON, DOING GOOD
'' business; $450. 7 Stevenson st.
ALOON FOR SALE IN COUNTRY; DESIR-
able location; splendid opportunity for Ger-
man; $250. Apply Call Office.
SALOON FOR SALK — GREAT BARGAIN;
low rent. 734 Fourth st,
- I>RANCH BAICERY. • COFFEE OH LUNCH
.XJ place: good location: cheap rent; on account of
leaving- city, must be sold for your own offering.
Apply Call Office.
AKERY AND NOTIONS; CHEAP; RENT
$8: no agents. Inquire this office.
' -• Q Z\ f\ " v U>ON"; OLD-ESTABLISHED cor-
•_• > • i ' ' . ner. newly fitted up. Apply ,SW. cor.
Eighth and Howard sts.
pOALYARD FOR SALE OR WILL TAKE A
VJ partner. Inquire 1783 Mission st.
ETIRING FROM BUSINESS; SALOON FOR
sale. For particulars apply to M. RYAN, 53%
Park aye., opposite City Hall.
Q7?\f\ BUTCHER BUSINESS, SELLING
_%p I OU. 4 beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hogs, 600 pounds
' veal awetek; rent $14: 4 living-rooms. Inquire at
452 Tehaaa st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
rp Hi: WELL-KNOWN ALTA SALOON WITH
X lease offered for sale at a sacrifice: disagreement
of partners cause; fine chance for right party. 541
California st.
COAL AND FEED BUSINESS IN OAKLAND,
clearing from $5 to $8 per day. J. H. EDSON,
20 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
1?OR SALE— MY HALF-INTEREST IN £ES^
taurant: cheap; other business cause. Apply
29 Sixth st. ■
FOR SALE. ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS—
Bakery: cheap for cash. 1817 Powell st.
I'IBBT-C] SALOON FOR »ALE; LOCA-
-1 tion; trade: lease. Add. C. H., box 119, Call.
pIGAR-STORE FOR SALE. CALL 915 MAR-
VJ ket st. 7 ■ .__
I>ILLIARD AND POOL TABLE; A BARGAIN^
X) Fifteenth aye. and San Bruno road. H.
■SCHUUK.
C< OX A PARTNER WANTED, OR WILL
• .). )U. sell; steady man: lodging-house, 55 beds,
clearing $125 per month. 140 Minna st. ■
MIDDLE-AGED LADY WANTS A PARTNER
In saloon; $100. Inquire at Call Office.
pLACER COUNTY FRUIT RANCH TO
X leaae. Apply at 1217 Clay st. ,
B; — RETIRING FROM BUSINESS ;
family hotel; 30 years: 50 rooms: bar; restau-
rant; most centrally located. Apply 507 Pine st.
ll'KI ESTABLISHED (CITY NURSERY
' ' ?500. Address C. N.. box 52, Call Office.
~1?OH SALK; CHEAP: LADIES' AND CHIL-
X dren's clothes and underwear^ 342 Third.
pORNEIt SALOON FOR SALE; KENT LOW.
VJ Apply 795 Mission St.
s,;-)-; BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-
'- •—'O. tlonery store: i living-rooms; rent $18;
no agents, :-iii y 3 Fifih at. -
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR/ AX INVEST-
iii'.-nt of about $50,tX)'J in safe commercial
business. Ad(iress H.- U., box 43, this office.
QOAAA ROUTE FOR SALE; EVENING
• OVfvfV. paper; pays 8150 per month. Apply
' this office.
PAPJ ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
Cheap, and chances for Increase are very good;
Apply this office,' principals only. '
ASSESSMENT NOTICE.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— GOOD HOPE MIX-
Ing Company. J/ocatlon of princlpil place of
business San Francisco, Cal.— Notice Is hereby
civen that at a meeting of the directors held on
i)ecember 28. 1895. an assessment to be known as
assessment No. 4, of seventy (70) cents per share
■was levied upon the capital stock of the corpor-
iatton, payable immediately toihe treasurer of the
.company at the company's oflice, rooms 1 and -.
tenth floor. • ,11-, building, northeast corner Bush
■and Montgomery streets. City and County of San
'Francisco. Stute ot California. Any stock upon
which said assessment shall remain unpnid on the'
80t:i day of January. 1896, will be delinquent and
advertised for sale at ..: auction, and, unless
pavnient is made before, will be 'sold on the 20th
day of February, 1896, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment together with costs of advertising and ex-
penses of Kale. C. H. fIOLBROOK JR..
> Secretary Good Hope Mining Company.
Office— Rooms 1 and 2, tenth floor, Mills build-
Ing, san Francisco, Cal.
LODGING-HOVBCS FOB SALE.
©900 10-ROOM HOUSE; GOOD LOCATION;
UU. 18 rooms: best corner in city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary 5t.. ........... 850
20 rooms: sunny corner; must sell ...... 700
10-room house: very central 150
11. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor Taylor.
<2Jf»A AM ATO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
OUU.UUU DKCKEK, 1206 Market st. ;
Ci! 1 9AH 40-ROOM HOUSE," NEAR THE
S>IZUU. Baldwin. DECKER. 1206 Market^
Ci 1 t\C\ 10- ROOM HOUSE; CLEARING $40.
»JjSXiJU. DhCKKR, 1206 Market st.
7<r\ ROOMS; FINE CORNER; WORTH $6000;
Ijyj $2000 will buy It. See DECKER, 1206 Market.
1 i\f\ • R O~O~M LODGING-HOUSE; CHEAP
lUUrrnt; pfice $1500: must be sold; owner
leaves city. DECKER, 1206 Market St.
1 I' ROOMS-NEAR THE MAZE; EASY PAY-
1U nients; must sell; price $850. DECKER,
1206 Market st.
"CJJJ'AA 14 ROOMS, ALL FRONT; FINE
fTpUVJU. furniture; north of Market; partcasli;
sacrifice. JOHNSTON, 26y 2 Kearny St.
MICELY FURNISHED 10-ROOMED HOUSE;
X> location central; steady roomers; good invest-
ment. For particulars address Owner, box 40, Call.
AT INK-ROOMED HOUSE, RENT $30; MUST
Xi sell: no agents. St>9 Mission st.
I'IKXHIKK FOB SALE.
TiTir^nx^uTvFrF^^rrTK^i^ ""^
»' Previous to moving to 747 Market St. we offer
our enure stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (laid) 75c
English Linoleum (laid) .■ .35c
SHIREK A; BIIIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
HO. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
• ding; new folding-beds, 89 and up; step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture e.xchged. 779 Mission st.
Reduction's on large 'stock, NEW and
second-hand; 400 carpet* good as new; oil-
cloth, 26c: parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, Si 4 50: cornice poles, 250:
ranges, $6; cash or Installments; goods ahippaJ.
tree. 1. I:. NELSON, 126 Fourth st. ;
FOR BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AB-
' tides of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission si.
FI'KNITURE WANTED ~~
/> ASH -PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
I COB BCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. Ma & nth.
A 3OLUTELY HIGHEST -PRICE PAID FOB
jM. second-hand furniture and carpets by Lund v
Furniture Co.. 813 Market si.: call or semi postal.
CARPKT CLEANING.
pA Hl'!-: ) S CLKA NRD ANB RBNOVATEtj
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
J' E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
It y"ste am car pet clea nin g,r eno va-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
XT ATION AL CARPET BEAT AND RENO-
IN vating Works HAMPTON ABAILLY: layin?
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244.
"HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send to SPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
ret Beatins Works, 353-7 Tehama; tei. 60-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 33i
VJ <ioldon Gate aye. : telephone ease 126.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 00, pO3t-
age free.
PIAXOS. VIOLINS, ETC.
Q r;n piano; also square in
tjOV. good order. Storage-house, 211 Larkin st.
Ifi OIU2ASH; WILL SELL 1 large UPRIGHT
piano; price 590. Room 21, Fiood building.
I JUNE CHICKERING; BEAUTIFUL CASE;
will be sacrificed at once by party leaving the
city; cash or installments. Room 10, Flood bldg.
TjVLEG ANT STEINWAY OFFERED BY PATRY
XJ requiring cash at once; . a flue instrument.
Room 21, 809 Market st. .:
QECOND-HAND DECKER & SON PIANO;
0 great bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Com-
pany, 769 Market st.
PIANO GIVEN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY NO
X charge. Particulars at BRUJENN'S, 228 Post.
piNE TONE FISCHER UPRIGHT; GOOD AS
X new; $150. WM. G. BADGER, r. 1, 26O'Farrell
QOA GREAT. BARGAIN; ROSEWOOD
i£!O\!. piano, $5 installment. 221 Leavenwonh.
H~ AINES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 824 Post St..
pONOVEB PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post St.
QIIA BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT; GOOD
•35XXU. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ <fc CO.,
16 McAllister st. . . . ■ ' ■
]\TEW UPRIGHT PIANO. ORGAN, FOLDING
±2_ bed; must be sold. L., box 8, Call Office.
PIANOS^^ "
Hazelton, Hemme and Lornr, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. /35 Market st. ■ ■>
?S H I C X IN"GVKN A STECK.VOSE. STER-
VJ ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
p BEAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
VJT Piano House, 216 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
»' rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or installments.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
corner Kearny and Slitter sts.
Qj 17 £ CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
__J- I O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
T-JECKER BROS., STEIN WAY.FISCHER AN~D
XJ other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLEK &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
ASY TERMS;;LOW prices, KOHLER a
CHASE.
YKON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOIIMER,'
Newby & Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD .- \KW
IX. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
QTEINWAY, $215: WEBER, $265; SOMKR,
0 «237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-t*. grade l. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st.
PEN FOR BUSINESS. ".
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
In Ban Francisco. -- J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market st.. Spreckels building.
_^_^__^ ' HORSES.
F^R^WA3H'^D^O^~HX)R^E^LN^BUGaE
Apply 402 Devisadero st., city.
FFER WANTED FOR GOOD PEDDLING OR
delivery horse. 1330 Sanchez st.
1 A A HMD OF WELL-BROKEN WORK AND
X\J\J driving horses: just from the country;
draught horses weighing from 1600 pounds up:
fast trotters; pacers. G. LINDAUER, 862 Howard.
FOR SALE or EXCHANGE— A FINE ROAD-
J ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
504 Sutler st. . •
1 C A SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
X*J\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. • 1128 Mission st. ■
ORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The Hyde
ranch, 630 Commercial st. •
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
t,-eon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: . telephone south 401.
A A HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAOOXi
til/ boggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors*
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wefnei-
day. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers.
"1 AA SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
i"" kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, cart*:
also 20 cheap horses. ■ Fifteenth = and Valencia sts.
"WAGONS A.NU CARRIAGKS.
QECOND-HAND DELIVERY OB PKdT»LING
O wagon, 1 horse, 2 buggies: cheap. 1110 Bryant.
JroRSALE-JIISCKLLA^IIOUS.'
T^R^ATIE^MIN^oITTH^^IO^rTIE^LODE
X 1 In El Dorado County favorably located and close
to railway ; title, U. 8. Patent: considerable devel-
spment: large vein; owner lacks capital; will sell
part or wnole; open for inspection. For particu-
lars address A. E. HAMILTON, P. O. box 66,
Placerville, Cal. ;
OOD RANGE WITH KITCHEN UTENSILS
at 612 Sacramento st.
aby carriage for sale $10. 33 lily
aye.,' off Franklin, near oak. -
KLLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
T^OR SALE— VERY CHEAP, FIVE ShJCOND-
V hand French ranees and 100 cook stoves; all
sizes. Call at once, SHUBTBR BROS., 306 Sutt<>r.
CA A SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
O\JvJ and prices from 25c per yard up. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
\TKW '95 HIGH-GRADE, 21 POUND, $105 \
XV ; bicycle; $40. J. 8., box 58, CaU Office. !
BXY YOUB baby carriages and rat.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
MA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
p OLDEN GATE GAS ENGINE. APPLY TO
VJT Browning .t Bremer, gun store, 820 Kearny st.
ABY CARRIAOKS AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture; call and get our prices; costs nothing.
Sunset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell ' st., near
Stockton. . * ■
T> AROUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
X> scales, etc; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
LURE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-
.r press, platform scales and deskicheap. 102 Clay
•\IONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES FOR
1»X saiaor triven away. K AHN & CO., 220 Cal. St.
NE .SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE BIZE
ONE SMALL MXDII M AND LARGE SIZE
tire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
\TXW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
1\ hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st. ;
fIOUNTEKS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V bought and cold 1121 Vi Market beU 7th ana Bta
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
HOUSES TO LEX.
91 "1 GEARY-HOUSE OF 11 rooms~and
ZjXX bath; rent reasonable; key at 217V a .
<{!» 9Q C A WAT E R FREE ; MODERN
isl)JjU.iJ\J. house; 6 rooms, alcove, bath, serv-
ant's room, laundry; .planked basement. 1505
JacKson st.; key at corner house.
WT2 HOUSE; 4 ROOMS: BASEMENT. 629
tjplri. Locust aye.. nr. Lagnna and McAllister.
TTPPKK PART; HOUSE; 9 ROOMS; YARD;
U rent reasonable. 286 Fell st.
ffij ?.f\ REDUCED FROM : $75: 18 ROOMS AND
tipiJU. store; vicinity, Third st. A. M. BPECK
& CO., 602 Market st. .
TTOUSE 6 ROOMS— BATH. 225 POLK ST.
919 PERRY ST.— HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS AND
£iXjj basement; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
<E»OA, REDUCED FROM $40: NICE MODERN
<tjpO\J. home of 8 rooms. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia st. ; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission. . . , 1
DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
MOM) 10 Montgomery st.
FI'KNISHKD HOUSES.
"□ AN DSOm'e, SUNNY, NICELY FURNISHED
XX house: very reasonable to small family. Ap-
ply WILL E. FISHER & CO , 14 Post street,
FURNISHED FLAT; 6 ROOMS, BATH; $30.
11l Liberty st.
FLATS TO LET.
3" r sS»KY~ ROOMB AND " BATH^fli.
corner Polk and Jackson sts. ■
Ir<LAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH; $22. 119 WILLIAMS
X st., near Post,
"<j»l 9 LOWER FINE SUNN V FLAT. 3 JANE
0 1.— ■. p;., off Pine si., nr. Mason; healthiest part
of town . .
"IjiOß SALE— LOVELY FURNISHED HOME ; »J-
X roomed flat for young couple. 514 a Turk st.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOMS, BATH AND
basement. 396 Waller St., cor.- Fillrrrore.
<JJ»9») SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 7 ROOMS;
«4i— — . bath; basement. 908 Lott St., near Golden
Gate aye.
6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH, $20; ALSO
cottage, 6 rooms, $15. Key at 1706 Hyde st.
AJBW BAT-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LIGHT
-. ' rooms; $18: bath, gas, tubs. 911 Folsotn, near
Fifth. " ■
s|]O FLAT; 4 ROOMS; HALL AND YARD.
tip _!.<£. 444 Clementina St., near Sixth.
)ii\ 4 SUTTER — NfCE MODERN SUNNY
~t)l*± flat; yard, front and rear: $1«.
G-~l A COR - OAK A I) 1 . UNA STS.— FLAT
ijpXrr. 4 nice sunny rooms.
•\\ ODERN NEW SUNNY AT; LOW RENT :*.7
XiL rooms: bath and garden; top of hill. 923 Fell.
UNNY FLAT 3 ROOMS; GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath: fflSand $16. 1706 Post st.
07.17 LOWER FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
tjp X I . 1027 Post St., bet. Polk and Larkin.
2 UPPER SUNNY BAY-WINDOW, 5 AND 7
rooms, newly papered. 318 Shotwell, 130
Church; cheap.
AYE CAR FARE— FLATS IN THE
city: 5 and 6 rooms, bath ; sunny central loca-
tton; nice neighborhood; keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 320 Sansome st., room 4.
L'O' It KOOMs AND BATH. 304 LILY AYE.;
J rent $15. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
<n»lO 3 ROOMS; BATH. 109 THIRTEENTH
<3pX.*j. St., near Valencia.
A' I . H V FINE FLAT; 1 ROOMS; LARGE
> yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
91 A 1 FAIR OAKS— N!-;w BDNNT LOWER
— 1t» flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
©I Q 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS. STOVES.
•JpXO. water, dumb waiter; all modern; at 956
Union at., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage In Oakland. To let
by KOENIG «fc KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
TTPPER FLAT; 27SHOTWELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
yJ handsomely papered: bath; basement: quiet
home for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
"UILEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
XJ low Rryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
SAVED-DOLLAHS, DIMES AND NICKELS
by renting a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery st. ■
UOUSJBKKEI'INCr XtOOMS.
Broadway.
A(\O BROADWAY— NICELY ' FURNISHED
~Z\f»J housekpg rooms; also single: well cleaned.
Bush Street.
709 1 BtrSH ~ 1 OR 2 SUNNY ROOMS AND
* *J£.'£ kitchen for housekeeping. '
797 BUSH-SUNNY ROOMS EN SUITE AND
I _j I single; light housekeeping.
Dore Street.
1 A DOUR— 4 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS
X*±O stable: rent 810. " . .
i-ddy Street.
1 9AA EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
X£i\J keeping rooms. ■
91 O EDDY-SMALL FURNISHED SUNNY
LdX\j room, $5 a month. "- •
.Ellis Street.
7*>K StLI.IB— PLEASANT, DESIRALE SUITE-
I '->*' also large alcove room; private family.
I oimiiii Street.
7OX FOLSOM— BUN NY FURNISHED FRONT
I *Jij room: light housekeeping; $8 per month.
Geary Street.
"I Q1 7 GEARY — PARLOR. BEDROOM,
XOX I <siniDs?-room, sew! i -room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries: $24.
Golden Gate Avenue. '
inn GOLDEN GATE A -FINELY FUR-
X*JX\J nished sunny bay-window, Ist floor: every
convenience for housekpg; yard; rent reasonable.
Harriet Street.
9HARRIET-3 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
for housekeeping; reasonable. ■
Howard Street.
fj A Q HOWARD-2 OR 8 NICELY FUR-
I T:t/ liished rooms for housekeeping; private.
1"I 9Qa HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH —2
X-l.'A.-O large rooms furnished for housekeeping:
Victor range, closets, bath, etc.; in American
family; will rent cheap to quiet, sober people.
1 "MO HOWARD-2 FURNISHED HOUSE'
±,n keeping rooms; water, range, bath; rent
$10.
Hyde Street.
QAQ HYDE ST.-SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
KJ\JU rooms, en suite or single; terms moderate.
Leaven-worth street.
OI A LEAVENWORTH-SITNNY BASEMENT
(JXtf suitable for office or housekeeping.
Minna street.
OaC MINNA ST. -NEATLY FURNISHED
*J\J\J housekeeping rooms.
Mission Street.
QQQ MISSION— I LARGE FRONT ROOM, $8-
OOP also suite, $12; single room, $1. '
; QC*Q MISSION— 2 FURNISHED SUNNY
■ OUO rooms for housekeeping.
Q9^l MISSION- COMPLETELY FUKN-
*J£i*J% lshed sunny housekeeping rooms; exclu-
sive; bath and porch.
"I 09/1 MISSION— FRONT SUNNY BAY-WIN-
X.\Ji.*X dowroom; other hou;ekpg rooms: cheap.
9 A I MISSION — 4 CONNECTING ROOMS
XZjI-X completely furnished; gas: private; rea-
sonable.
Natoma Street.
GAP* NATOMA-2 FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
\f^:O plete for housekeeping; $9.
79A NATOMA TWO LARGE SUNNY
I Liv housekeeping rooms; use kitchen; $12.
Ninth Street.
OAO NINTH-NICELY. FURNISHED FRONT
uUO room, housekeeping: bath. ' ■
O'JTarrell Street.
491 O'FARRELL— 2 OR 8 NICELY FUR-
J«JX nlshea rooms; complete for housekeeping.
Sixth Street. '
1 9A SIXTH-2 OR 3 ROOMS, FURNISHED
XjU\J complete for housekeeping; cheap.
iwenty-Seoond Street.
©IX ft UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
<{PJ.i». bath; water free. 626 22d st., cor. Capp.
Washington Street.
1 Q^rt WASHINGTON, NEAR JONES-MA-
X%JU\J rlne view; 8 newly furnished houst>ke«p-
Ing rooms, detached: 'gas range, etc.; desirable.
ROOHIS TO LEX.
' California Street.
Ot^Ol CALIFORNIA ST. - 3 ELEGANTLY
4j*J*Ji. furnished rooms and bath; cheap.
; Eddy Street.. .
HO EDDY— ROOMS; NEW FURNT-
XXO ture; clean beds; $5 up; also light house-
keeping. » ..■■-.• ;-,;■,..
. • ' x - Eighth street.
1 Al EIGHTH ST., NEAR ■ MARKET-NICE
XU2 sunny, furnished, double front room.
HERMAN. APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
1 0,-1. 1 Street. ..."
09 a folsom, NR. FOURTH— SUNNY fur-
OZ\J nlshfd rooms, $1 per week.
_
, • - Geary Street.''
C"l Q GEARY— NICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
OxO able for doctor's offices; single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; also store.
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Eighth Street.
m EIGHTH — SUNNY, UNFURNISHED
housekeeping rooms; single *or en suite;
choice rooms. ■■,■*■'
olden Gate Avenue.
£9/1 GOLDEN GATE NICELY FUR-
U_-'± ni.shed sunny front suite: use of kitchen.
Grove Street.
1 d GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
ID with use of kitchen; $10.
Jackson Street.
1 fll Q JACKSON. NEAR MASON — FUR-
IUIO nlBhed sunny front single room: $5.
Jessie Street.
/4QX JESSIE, NEAR MINT — PRIVATE
rtOO family; 2 neat single rooms: rent $5 and $6
Jones Street.
9A.7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: ■ NEW
-Ul management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to SSO.
Kearny Street..
A RLI.NGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLBAS-
A ant sunny rooms, en suits and single; first class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
CA 1 LARKTN — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
Out nicely furnished; $10; housekpg privileges.
Q"l Q LARKIN-HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
010 suite of parlors; private family: running
water: gas.
IHI Q LARKIN, COR. SUTTER — NEWLY
-l-"'i. iJ furnished suites: single; housekeeping.
Leaven— Street.
Q1 A LEAVEN WORTH, NR. SU TTER— SUN
Olu ny alcove suites; very desirable, for gentle-
men; $20. __ >J -
Market Street. ;*
777 MARKET —* NICELY FURNISHED
111 suites and single: bousckpg; also offices. "
■\rOSEMIT_~~HO 1045 MARKET. BET.
JL Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites: per
night, 35c to $1: week, $1 50 to So: families
McAllister Street. -
BEDROOM AND KITCHEN; ' UNFUR-
X> nished. 340 McAllister st., downstairs.
Minua Street.
f\(\7 MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UUI nlshed bay-window rooms; $1 a week:
transient.
atisslon Street.
3 SUNNY, FURNISHED ROOMS FROM $1
up; also housekeeping room; reasonable. 621
Mission st.
O9wl MISSION— HANDSOMELY .rURNISH-
O^O-i ed sunny bay-window front room; first
floor; grate; gas.
UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
Xli furnished rooms, 'single or en suite; transients.
RAND SOUTHERN — BBS. COR. 7TH AND
Mission, reopened; thoroughly renovated isunny
front rooms; elegantly furnished .single or en suite;
stationary wash-stands and running water in
every room:. choicest location; terms reasonable.
O'Farrell Street. ~ ~~
-1 99 O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
A— •— room for » gentleman; all conveniences:
central; $8. .
9991 O'FARRELL — FURNISHED SUNNY
~<u-J-Z front rooms: light housekpinglf desired.
Pine Street.
£91 PINE-PLEASANT FRONT ROOM, $8;
\J_ 1. suitable for 2 gentlemen.
Tost Street.
Cf|Q POST— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED PAR-
O\JO lors; also single rooms: reasonable.
IOA^POST — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
X*J\J^l suites; also single for housekeeping.
Suiter Street,
(iOfi SUTTER— LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
\JO\f suite for offices: hot and cold water.
Taylor Street.
A 1 A TAYLOR - NICELY FURNISHED
trXT; front room; gentlemen only.
= 9*) TAYLOR-NEWLY FURNISHED SUN
<-'•—'*' ny rooms; thoroughly respectable.
Third Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE— « THIRD, NEAR
»" Market: most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room : reading r'm : free bus.
Turk Street.
9AOI TURK-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; ELE-
dL.\J+j2 gantly furnished: single and en suite; rea-
sonable.
C.941 TURK— 2 PARLORS, NEWLY FUR-
')— j-l nished tor housekeeping: rent 15.
boakuiso AMD rooms:
X m ELLIH- ' l FURNISa '> TIOOM,
fJOI. with board; French family; terms moder-
ate; references. • '
P\< IF! A Y E. . NEAR m; A N A N -L A R< '. X
front bay-window room to r.'nt, with board for
two. $50; young couple preferred. Address X.E. 8..
box 78, Call office.
1 J.H^ VAN 'NESS AYE. — FURNISHED
xttVc> front suite, with board: also single room.
Q Q GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
v*JU suites; table board; suitable for families.
"IF YOU WANT A PLEASANT HOME CALL
X at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush St.; the Winder :
mere; references required.
000 EDDY— HOTEL NORMANDIK; SUNNY
• -»_.!> sing.c rooms: i able board ; terms reasonable.
HOTEL BEKTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
era conveniences.
CHILDREN BOAKDKD.
\ITANTED— CHILD •TO BOARD; TERMS
'' reasonable. Apply 1612 V 3 Stevenson st.
\\T ANTED— I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD-
'•large yard; nice neighborhood; 1 block from
school. Address C. 8., box 40, Call Office.
I \ ANTED— I 'OR MORE CHILDREN TO
' board: good home; 1507 Twenty-fourth st.
stores to let. ~~~~
M"^arket^st! store^ location^ the
best: vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable.
Apply to- I'. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery nt.
offices to let. — —
917 GEARY— PARLOR FLOOR; SUITABLE
Ax 1 for business: key at 217y a .
mo LET— NICELY FURNISHED OFFICES;
X rent cheap. Apply room 7, Flood building.'
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKELS
building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
charge for gas. janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or O. H. TIMBSKN & CO., 14 Monte- st.
aiONK* TO tOAA.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; . no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donohoe bulld'g, 1170 Market si.
"i st~_T2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
Xtates;lowest rates; no deIay.MURPHY,62B Mrkt.
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low interest: perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. U^CLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avenue
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON, 303 Montgy^st.
,\I ONEY LOANED, «i/is PER CENT ON MOR'S
J.TX gages. ,A. F. JOHNS & CO., 682 Market st.
OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
mortgages, furniture or : pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
T OANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES'
XJ city or country: furpiture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
: A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY.ETO
■il. Columbia Loan <fc Collateral office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
-£»- estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR.
rants. SALOMON & CO., 328 Montgmry,r.2l4.
VI ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
Ii other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
I 1 OB Market st.. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
PAWNBROKERS. c
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds,' etc.; low rates : pri-
vate rooms: elevator; pledges for sale cheap. •■■
MONEY TVANTKD.
*S^Cf\KKl3rßi£A£62^^
<Jp»J\JUV unlncumbered gilt-edged property:
worth over $20,000. Address Loan, box 90. Call.
FINANCIAL.
life Insurance policies; low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. ■ 330 Montgomery st. .:; «. ;y
ANT SUM- OF MONEY, ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real ' estate; lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or writs; OMn
•venings. : J. NOON AN. 1021 Mission »v : .yj: ■:,££::
; - TO EXCHANGE. ;;
FOR SALE OR~EXCHANGE— FIVeIIOTS^IN
Mission, for rooming-house or business; also
house and lot in Oakland. Apply 111 Liber st. -
_i tiAi. ero____s«. ;i
HE^^BTKT^HE^^RY~NofIFIED THAT
the partnership agreement between the mem-
bers of the firm of M. JOOSr A BROTH pro-
vides that Martin Joost shall have : the sole, com-
plete . and exclusive charge and control of the
management of the business of said firm, and that
no contract, agreement or obligation will be valid
or binding against said firm unless the same shall
have been exclusively executed or contracted by
said Martin Joost on behalf of said firm. >■
M. JOOST <fe BROTHER,
J CITY. RKAL ESTATE.
BUY NOW"" —r~~~^
IF YOU WANT
. INCOME OR SPECULATION.
We have special bargains in all classes of prop-
erty in all parts of the city: send us your name
and address stating wants and we will send you a
list by man. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 Market st.
HANDSOME HOME. ~~ - • ......
XX WASHINGTON ST., NEAR FILLMORE.
_._« «■ A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$8000 A FINE RESIDENCE OF 8 ROOMS
; , V and bath> In good condition; hana-
largl lot or " t^ •°- the north side of the street;
large lot A ( :ox I^7 :b.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. - ■ 638 Market st.
A snap. ' " : :
£X-« n DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
fIU-To?^^ 2^ 11 CENT ™* PEK ANNUM.
$42riO 6 FRENCII FLATS OF 4 AND 3
Si ■»>!: rooms each, near 4th and Brannan
reduc a^f a romT0 e 00 : . Pay * 648 ?'* annum ; recently
EASTON, ELDRIDGK & CO.,
. ••■■■ 638 Market st.
ON JACKSON ST. ~ ~ ' — ~ ~ "
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS,
S4OOO COTTAp^i^S^lT I .?^
®'±V\jy. tween Buchanan and Webster the
lot is a bnrgain at the asking price; size 25.3x100-
-street bituminized. . !
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO.
: - 688 Market st.
T7UNE INVESTMENT. ~~ " " ~* - ■- ■
X\ CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
MUST BE SOLD.
ffIjCAAA THREE MODERN FLATS OF 5,4
tp\J\J\J\J. and 3 rooms and bath in good condi-
tion on Webster street; flats about 5 years old
rents $600 per annum.'
Lot 25x97:6; this property cost over $8000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., :
. . 638 Market st.
A MODERN HOME ; " '.
IN TUX MISSION WARM BELT
RKDUCED FROM $1500.
d»Q7^n A HANDSOME RESIDENCE OF
tip*-* I «JV/. 8 rooms and bath in good condition;
brick foundation, etc.
Lot 27:6x125 a block and a half from Eighteenth
or Castro street cars.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A. CO.,
; 638 Market st.
lOTSOF LOTS. . .
-i ALL BARGAIN'S.
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION.
fIjjCAAA JUST THE PLACE FOR STORK
«© 4 vWi and flats: an elegant corner on O'Far-
rell st.. near Webster; 90 feet on
O'Farrell.
CjKKAA DOUBLE LOT ON NORTH SIDE
tlpuUUu. of Page st., near Ashbury; 60x137:6;
• a cnoice residence site.
<Czt^nn NW. CORNER OF CHURCH AND
t^)^rO\J\J. Army sts.; 88x80. This, is a business
property.
CJJQAAA TWENTY-FIFTH ST.. SAB NOB,
<35OUUV/. north side of street; 80x114: will sub-
divide.
QJOOA A FILLMORE, NEAR FILBERT;
«iP^J_jUV/. 25x100; street work accepted; elec-
tric cars puss the lot.
<B*lQ7£ SACRAMENTO ST., KB, MAPLE-
<jpIO I «J. large lot, 27:6x132:7y 8 - Compare this
price with adjoining property.
©1 OHO OUR CHOICE LOTS ON TWENTY-
%P-L^-V/v/. ninth aye.; nicely situated.
©A A THIRTY-EIGHTH AYE., NEAR M
*iPV\J»Bt.; 25x120. _
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
■ 638 Market st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS AND
FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 Montgomery st.
C»£AAA DEVISADERO ST., EAST SIDE;
*iPc)UUU. -25x106:3. with modern house of 9
large rooms and bath; basement; brick
foundation: cement walk: grand view;
choice neighborhood; car facilities; easy
terms if desired. .
©OI A JACKSON ST.. NEAR BAKER: 25
<iPOXUv. xl27:BVi: good locality for flats;
would rent well: a cheap lot.
(&_7?A ANXIOUS TO SELL AND OWNER
«Jp:r I <J\J. wants an offer; Pine s'.; a good neigh-
boihood; large lot, 25x137:6: modern two-
story, bay-window house; 9 large rooms;
bath; basement: brick foundation; cement
sidewalk: first-class condition; easy terms If
desired.
zl !\(\(} NORTH SIDE OF OAK ST.,
(^>X^r.*J\J\J. nearFUlmore; 27:6x137:6; three
good, substantial modern flats: band 7 rooms
in each: bath and all modern improvements;
rents 81250 per annum: street work all dune
and accepted ; easy terms.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
A T : — I.- "
AUCTION. ' .
PROBATE PALE.
Subject to the approval of the Superior
Court, the property known as !
"; ;.;, NOS. 617 TO b3ly 3 STEVENSON ST.,
will be sold at public auction, in our
office; at 12 o'clock, noon, on the 23d of
January, 18U6.
LOT 15Sx7S.
Good improvements; all rented, and
bringing In an Income of $292 per
month. Call for a diagram.
BALDWIN <& "
HAMMOND. .
10 Montgomery st.
FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-
•J window, mantels, etc., built for $3200; 6-room
cottage and bath, 1500. JAMES McCONAHAY,
1149 Mission
ffIjQAAA~HOUSK;9 ROOMS; CORNER, 41x
tipO\J\J\J , 88; Western addition; easy terms
Address Reverses, box 49, Call. -
¥i OC IK SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT IS
tipx_ju worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell St., room 3. :
CjOOP; 15* OFF FOR CASH: SPLENDID
tJp«wO«J. lot: 27x100: Bemls St., nr. Castro; block
from cars- 30 minutes from ferry. J. B. ROCHE'
San Rafael. .
ffi{l WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
dp 1 $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap. ■ ; Ss .. .-.-.■ •
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— 26x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weakly: macadamized.
. $250— Creek comix, 40x100; $1 weekly. "■
$150— Lot 24x100; $1 weekly. - : \
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
ACRIFICE— 7SxIOO, WITH GOOD HOUSE
of 9 rooms; beautiful view; with use of stable
and water works and large adjoining grounds;
price - $4500, part cash; or would exchange.
ÜBOBGfi D. SHADBURXE. 416 Montgouery st.
PROPERTY WANTED TOR CASH|— RESI-
X dence bet. Pierce, Devisadero, Pine and Clay
sts. : price $8000 to $10,000. Address P. O. box
2240. ,
OOA A A FINE MODERN COTTAGE OF 6
*S>O^j\jyj. large sunny rooms and bath for sale
■on easy terms, or will take vacant lots as part pay-
ment, or exchange for small place across the bay.
Address W.H. FOWLER, 318 Pine st.
O BUY,' SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
-1 tateand business Of every description. A. J.
PROPER A CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
LAKEVIEW ; LOTS; NEAR NEW RACE-
XJ track; low prices; easy terms. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market st.
■ : COl;JiTlt\ KEAL ESTATt.. 77 "
BEAT BAKGAIN — lbi ACRES CHOICE
level land; all in fruit: mostly bearing; some
young trees: fine house: 12 rooms; windmill and
tank, barn, outbuilding; fine well-water; near San
Leandro; electric road passes; pare cash, balance
desiraole property. B. FASSLER, San. Leandro,
Cal. ■■- - „,. ■ ■ . ■.•■■■. - ■■
TO LET-RANCH OF 160 ACRES IN CALA-
veras County: 40 acres clear; house and stable;
rent $50 a year. Apply G. R., 530 Montgomery st.
1 9-ACRE BEAUTIFUL FRUIT HOME IN THE
I*- 1 famous early fruit belt of Vacaville with nice
cottage and barn; all needed tools, etc.; 900 fruit
trees all in full bearing; offered at a terrible low
price to make quick sale.
A-J&J* PECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A SHURST COLONY. , : \ .-,.-.
A At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes in
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who w'sh at once to have
schools and churches and reading-rooms in our very
midst. .We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. We make it possible ■ for all who are en-
terprisin.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address
. .■ ASHURST COLONY,
Room 10, Mills Building. S. F.
ESPARTO TOWN AND COLONY: ONLY 3 OR
-Tj 4 hours from the bay: the most equable climate
of Central California, and the neighborhood of the
next great development of electric power; equal to
I Folsom ; a part of the "Rancho Canada :de Capay
I Grant": unquestionably the earliest and , finest
[ '-, fruit Delt on the coast ■' and superior to any for di-
: versified .farming; about ?■ 600 acres, in 20-acre
farms, surrounding the ; town: town already . con-
tains large brick blocks, a tine hotel, a fine high-
school building, water works, artesian, pure and
soft; desired a purchaser or purchasers to take the
whole interest of present owners in the colony lots
and town property, In lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low figures: it won't cost much- to examine-
is an irrigation canal on the land. Apply to GEO.
D. FISKE <fc CO., Woodland. Cal. .
1 HO ACRES OR LESS: .FINE ORCHARD
J. Ul/ land at Haywards ; st your own price. " Ap-
ply 306 Fourth st. - ' " 5 -..■■:
4TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
years' credit. D. H. WING. Sonoma City.
a* 97 a a FINE PAYING home ranch
«3)<ii I u\J. of 24 acres: , near Santa Rosa; "■■ 3000
orune trees; family- orchard; modern 6-room
house; (food outbuildings: -v sacrificed. • ' LEE <&
KISER, 306 Montgomery st. i
I
j COUNTRY REAL ESTATE-Contlnued
TO EXCHANGE FOR FIRST-CLASS " VlN~i£
yard unencumbered a block and a half in East
Oakland; well located; value $12,000; equity
$8300. HUGH SHIELS, 602 Market st.
TfOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
-1 $15 per acre; one of the best stock, grain and I
fruit farms in Napa County: 600 acres: 8 acres
orchard and vineyard -00 acres in grain last year:
balance pasture; numerous springs on the place;
house 7 rooms, barns and outbuildings. For fur-
ther particulars see P. H. JORDAN & CO., 18
Post St., H. F.
Q»Qftnn 10 ACRES 25 MILES FROM SAN
'JDUUUIf. Francisco, near Walnut ■ Creek; 4
acres in choice fruit; 5 -room modern house and
good outbuildings; fine surroundings; a eood In-
come property ; easy terms. LEE _. KIsSER, 30tf
Montgomery st
CIjRANGE BLOSSOM COLONY, ■ ~"
' OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale. the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
StocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquln Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
■We are prepared to sell portions of the property
her unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ion Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Jtsioods. m* property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist
i who has received diplomas and medals at eight
I different county fairs in the State and for a small
: consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
< residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of .mail game near bjr
affords excellent sport lor hunters. "
Prices for land. including a perpetual water right
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land wltn fully paid up water rights, 870
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable In
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash. ..
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
OfeM
KASTON, ELDRIDGE <S CO.,
638 Market Street.
r>r s- t rvuivivn san Francisco, Cal.
Or*, T. KNEWI.NO, our representative.
\ Oakdale, CaL
MARIN COUNTV-5000~TcRE8"_6~MILEi
from San Francisco.
Raucho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation; loth rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit; send lor circular. ..
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. •
S~ END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOSTKR & IT TON. San Jose.
| OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
Q> q (\(\ HKR^:^s~Xcl^Al?c'^^Foi^Xl^oM_^
*lpU\J\J. a.7-room cottage close to station and
short walk to business center; this Is a snap. W.
E. BARNAWD & SOX, 458 Ninth St.. Oakland.
CIORNER LOT FRONTING ON A STREET
> macadamized, sewered and sidewnlked, $20 a
foot: good neighborhood. W. E. UARNAND <&
SON, 458 Ninth st., Oakland. - .
ERE'S A SNAP, OWNER MUST SELL;
modern 6-room cottaee; large stable; lot
| 50x100; central location; Eighteenth st. near
j Brush; pays Income of $300 per year: price only
$3000; cost $4000: this must "be taken quick.
W. E. BARNARD. &6ON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
<Ej i\C\f\(\ BUYS A 2-STORY lIOUsE ON SUN-
«4P«JV/V7V/ ny side of street; 8 large rooms; 3
mantels'; lot 32x101 ; close to cars, churches and
schools and short walk to business centers. W. E.
BARNARD & SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland. )
GOOD INVESTMENT— LOT 100x133:6; MAG-
r nolia st.: macadamized and sewered: $12 50
per foot if taken immediately. MARSHALL, 1118
Broadway.
WANTED — SMALL RANCHES TO fcX-
'» change for Oakland property ; specialty hand-
ling country property; good lodging-houses to ex-
change. P. W. ANDERSON. 28 San Pablo aye.
RETIRING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
his grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Haywards or >nn Leandro. For full particulars
address box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
2 COTTAGES OF 6 ROOMS; ALL MODERN ;
large lots : situated on Fruit vale aye.; price
; $6000; exchange lor ranch; will assume mort-
| gage; also other propeity for exchange. Address
, P.- KELLY, Real Instate Exchange. 459 Ninth St.,
I Oakland.
© I (\f\ LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION-
t^-lUU. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
T ARGE list OFCH( »_CB CITY AND COUN-
XJ try property for sale and exchange. See E. E.
BUNC_, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
Q«9(1 MONTHLY IOR 6-HOOJM COTTAGES;
<P—^ V. plans free. F. BOKGLE. Golden Gate stain.
(ft! (^H LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
VT.Ltjyj. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast; good improvements.
I H. B. PIXKEY. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
TTPP^ER~"A^D~^mV^R~"^^^
*J each: sunny and cleat; separate entrance;
prefer adults; references: central. 615 Fifteenth i
i.. Oakland. • ' • . j
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
'ALA3IKDA [REAL \KSTATJE.
<£> O Op f\ $50 CA^H7^2To^^IONTHLYTi
— -Uu, rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$•2400— N0 cash: $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
cottage.
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
33250— $200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
53500— . cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath \
MA-tCUSEt A REMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco. . ■
(&i7)ft TOWS — EI.KGANT NEW 6-room
I «3T)_.UI/ modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 36x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alamuda Land Company, 1500
Park at., Alameda.
SANTA CLARA CQHNTY.
KKAL KSTATE.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS,
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
* £2 East Santa Clara st., san Jose, CaL
I
LATEST SUIPPINti INTELLIGENCE.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Werken
dam, from Rotterdam.
MARSFILLES-Arrlved out Jan 20— Stmr Pa
tria.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan 18— stmr Frlesland, for
New York.
BREMERHAVEN— SaiIed Jan 18-Stmr Wllle
bad. for New York.
LIZARD-rPassed Jan 20— Stmr Maasdam, from
New York, for Rotterdam.
MAltKlAiiK lilOJJN S^isi
The following marriage licenses Were Issued by
the County Cleric's office yesterday:
W. H. Mallory and Sarah J. Starkey, 35—34.
Charles Johnsen and Mary Olsen. 82— 31.
Clus G. Umland and Hattie Vogel, 28—20.
Joseph Ruben and Annie Ludermann, 26-20.
J. J. Ackerman and Bridget A. Murray, 42—31.
A. S. Tuchler and Anna M. Vogt, 36- s'f». .
" Manuel S. de AguPda and Maria Areta, 27—18.
R. Ilanford and Marguerite Hurley, 84 — 23. ..
mvoKcii; jpitocfcismiNiiis. "~
Complaints filed : ~- • -■■'~ ■■':■ '.' -' : •
William H. Dowse against Blanche L. Dowse. .
Helene TJngemache against Julius Ungemache.
: Leo J. Capiatzi against Mrs. L. Caplatzi.
Divorce grant :
Hiram Adams from Niclissa A. Adams, for de-
sertion; by Judge Sanderson.
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
BORN.
CAMPBELL— January 11, 1896, to the wife of
Thomas Camnbell, a son. ■ '
McENTYRE-In Berkeley, December 31, 1895, to
: the wife of D. H. McEntyra. a daughter.
MERRILL— In East Oakland, January 18. 1896,
to the wife of Stewart Merrill,' a son.
VECKI— In San Jose, Cal., January 17, 189(5, to
the wife of Dr. V. G. Veckl, a son.
MARRIED.
OLSSOX— EMMIXOTOX- In this city, by the
Rev. F. Flawlth, Nils H. Olsson and Sophie A.
Emmington of Colllnsville. ■ ' .
TUCHLER— VOGT— In this city, January 19,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. Julius Fryer of the Bush-
street Temple, Dr. A. S. Tuchler and : Dr. Anna
■ M. Vogt, both of San Francisco. •
__ ______ —-7— —
Bolsset, Francolse . Levy, Felix M. . > -
Crawford, Mary D. McNamara, William F.
Cuthbert, James O. ; . Miller. Bernhard 11. .'
Dauth, Louisa Mynatt, Elvin F.
I Failon, James L. Nolan. James P.
Floyd, Thomas Pellegrini, Frederico
Gagan. Edward M. Perkins, Belle
Gosllner, Minna Poulson. John H.
Graf, Mina - ...' River. Mary L.
Higgins, Winifred Schwartz, William
• Jeuhson, Mary , Terry, Isabella
Johnston, Margaret Waring, Henry J.
Landram, Maggie T. ■> Wuth, Gustave - ■ ■
White, Maria
BOISSET— In this city, . January 19. 1896, Fran-
coise, beloved wife of Joseph Bolsset, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Brochier, sister of Mrs. Coutou
and Millie Brochier, and sister-in-law of Jean
Coutou and Mr. Bcrtiu, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years 5 months and 4 days. J■'
- #3" Friends and acquaintances are resD*ct«
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, . 1212 Powell street, thence to the
French Church, Bush street, between Grant
avenue and Stockton street.
CRAWFOrd— In this city, January 20, 1896, Mary
Delia Crawford, a native of Portland, Or., aged
12 years and 6 months.
WThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by 11 :45 o'clock
a. m. train.
CUTHBERT— In Winnipeg, Manitoba, January
19, 1896, James O. Cuthbert. a native of Canada,
aged 38 years 8 months and 21 days. -. ,
DAUTtt-ln Haywards, Cal., January 18, 1896,
Louisa, beloved wife of the late J. M. Dauth.
f Philadelphia papers please copy. J
Jtw~Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully InvitPd to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. *.. from the par-
lors of J. Godeau <t Co., 326 Slitter street,
San Francisco. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
FALLON— A solemn requiem anniversary mass
will be celebrated at ht. Charles Church TO-
MORROW (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.,
for the repose of the soul of the late James L.
Fallon. Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend. - • •-.
FLOY D-In this city, January 18, 1896, Thomas,
beloved husband of Jennie N. Floyd, a native of
Manchester. England.
ea-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. irom his late resi-
dence, 1022 Treat avenue. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
GAGAN— In this city, January 20. 1836, Edward
M., dearly beloved son of Edward W. and Mary
. Gagan. and brother of Mrs. James H. Fogerty,
relative of Mrs. Thomas Gagan, Mrs. M. Dona-
■ hue, Mrs. S. E. Van Den Burg, Mrs. J. Breen, a
native of Nevada City, Cal., aped 24 years -
months and 22 days.
JKS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his sister, 104 Duncan street, thence to
St. Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
muss will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOSLINER— In this city, January 30, 1898. Minna
Gosliner, mother of Mrs. Flora Goldberg and
Aaron Gosliner, a native of Roicasen. Germany.
GRAF— In this city, January 19, 1896, Mlna Graf,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 3
months.
1 HIGGINS— In this city, January 18,1896, Wini-
fred, beloved wife of the late Nicholas Higzins,
and mother of Mrs. P. sspadier, Mrs. A. Smith,
Kittle, Ada and Ida Higt'ins, a native of County
Clare, Ireland, aged 62 years. . .
JfcJ-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 231 Fell street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JEPHSON-In this city, January 19, 1836, Mary,
beloved wife of J. O. Jephson.
- Sfß" Friends are invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock p.m.,
from Golden Oate Hall, 629 Sutter street, under
the auspices of Golden Gate Chapter No. 1, O. K.
8. ■ Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric train.
JOHNSTON— in this city, January 19. 1896, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Edward Johnston, and
mother of Frank, Daniel, Robert, Mary A. and
William Johnston, a native of Boston, Mass.
*l~Frlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _.. from her late
residence. 9 Mission court, oft' Mission street,
near Fifteenth, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated, commencing . at 9 o'clock _. it. Inter-
' ment Holy Cross Cemetery,
LANDRAM (nee Kenny)— ln this city. January
- 20, 1896, at her residence. 1022 Pacific street,
Maggie T. Landram, sister of Mamie K. and John
J. Kenny, a native of San Francisco.
j£9~Notlce of funeral hereafter.
LEVY— In this city, January 1896, Felix M..
beloved son of the late Nathan Levy, brother of
Mrs. Hattie Goldman, Mrs. A. M. Armer and
ISKdare N., Ralph A., Sam N. and Ben Levy,
a native of Diamond Springs, Cal., aged 36 years
2 months and 23 days.
fi3"Frifnfl=» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend thefuiierm TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. .from bis late
residence, 828 -McAllister street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:45 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
McNAMARA— In this city, January 19, 1895,
William F.. beloved son of William and Eliza-
beth McNamara, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs.
John Finn and Mr. and Mrs. P. McNamara,
aged 9 months and 6 days.
tt3~Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 812 V Hampshire street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, January 20. 1896, Bern-
hard 11., dearly beloved father of JoseDh S., Car-
rie, Sara, Belle and Flora Miller, a native of
Germany, aged 69 years 4 months and 11 days.
. [Nevada City papers please copy. 1
£3" Friends and acquaintances am resnect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 715 a O'Farrell street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11 :45 o'clock a. m.
train from Third and Townseud streets. . .
MYNATT— In this city, January 20, 1896, Eivin
F., beloved husband of Mrs. E. F. Mynatt, a na-
I tive of Tennessee, aged 55 years.
! NOLAN— In Sacramento, January 18, 1896, James
P., beloved son of Patrick and tne late Hanora
Nolan, and brother of Michael, John. Thomas,
George and Edward Nolan and Mrs. Charles R.
Gracier, a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years
8 months and 4 days. '■-"-. , • • ■ ""
JKf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1306 Church street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, ■ com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. v. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PELLEGR;nI— In this city, January 19, 1896,
Frederlco, beloved husband of Louisa Pellegrini,
and father of Frank H. and Lando W. Pellegrini,
! Mrs. H. Quilice. Richard Pellegrini. Mrs. E. Guidl
and LiUie Pellegrini, a native of Italy, aged 62
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his lata
residence, 518 Vallejo street, thence to the
Italian Cemetery.
PERKINS— the City and County Hospital,
Januuary 20, 1896, Belle Perkins, aged 44 years.
POULSON— In this city, January 20,1896. John
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth .1.
Poulson. a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 63
years, f Philadelphia papers please copy.]
jKtTFriends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at 1:30
•o'clock p. m., from his late residence, 839 Geary
street, thence to Third Baptist Church, Powell
street, between Bush and Sutter, where funeral
services will be held at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment
T. O. O. F. Cemetery. . .
RIVER— In this city, January 20, 1896, Mary
Leanore, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. L. River,
a native of Haywards, Cal.
IPS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from her lata
residence, 116 Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart .Church, where a requiem high mass
will De celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock a. m. .Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. ....
SCHWARTZ— In this city, January 20. 1896, Wil-
liam Schwartz, a native of Westphalia, Prussia,
Germany, aged 74 years and 10 months. TSan
Diego papers please copy. J
Sir Friend s- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock p. jc.. from the resi-
dence of Mr. J. F. Schroder, 1919 Oak street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
TERRY— In this city, January 18. 1896, Isabella,
infant daughter of A. F. M. and Susan Terry,
aged 4 months and 3 days.
WARING— this city, Janury 20, 1896, Henry
J., beloved husband of Marlane Warning, father
of Charles A. and Albert E. Waring and Mrs.
Charles W. Goodwin, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 65 years 10 months and 15 days.
■ Jfcy Friends and. acquaintances are resoect .
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. M., from the
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market. Interment Masonic Cemetery. .:. ■
WHITE— In this city, January 20, 1886, at the
residence of her daughter, 6 Clementina street,
Maria, beloved wife of Patrick White, and
mother of Joseph and Annie White and Mrs.
Mary Kemp and Mrs. Nellie Meyers, and sister
of Henry Canning, a native of the city of Water-
. ford, Ireland, aged 48 years.
" ' Notice of funeral hereafter. ■ ' ■ :
WUTH— In this city, January 19, 1896, Gustave,
beloved husband of Gertrude Wuth, and father
of Charles, Minnie, Gustave and Helene Wuth,
a native of Altenbruch. Hanover, Germany, aged
54 years 11 months and 19 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1528 Howard street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
i '
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
. at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
■ FUNERAL DIRECTORS & E3LBALMERS,
80 Fifth. St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. '
(Jas. McMbxoiT_y7""™"""™"™ChTsl McMsxomky.
JAMES MoMENOMJ__ & SON.
UNDERTAKERS AND KMBALMKRS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
■ TiephoneNo. 3354. ■-.--■■■
JAS. ENGLISH. ? ;, ■ T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
*vv UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market St., San Francisco
Telephone So. 136.
"cypress LAWN cemetery,
TN SAN MATEO COUNTY NON-SECT ARIAITt
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care: beau.
tifoi, permanent and easy of access; •«• it b_far_
feCjrlUK • burial place elsewhere. Io ™
City office, t) City ££»U Arena*
1314
BUCKLEY'S NEW MACHINE
It Was Started Up Last Night
With Joy and It Worked
Beautifully.
A NEW GENERAL COMMITTEE.
The Old Guard Reappeared to Help
Organize It at Odd Fellows'
Hall.
Nine hundred Buckley Democrats and a
few others came to order late in Odd
Fellows' Hall last evening, when Josepli
Rothschild hammered vigorously with his
gavel and called together the old and new
Democratic general committees.
The hall was crowded, the galleries were
well populated, the sawdust was thick, the
cicar and cigarette smoke was soft and
brooding, and the programme was ready
for action. Those present were more used
to sawdust on the floor than was Odd
MR. JOSEPH ROTHSCHILD.
[Sketched at last night's meeting by a ''Call" artist.]
Fellows' Hall. In fact it is quite an in
novation to see several loads of sawdust
spread on the floor of the Odd Fellows'
Hall. The sawdust was there for two
reasons. It was substituted for the signs,
"Don't spit on the floor," and then the
floor was a brand-new hard-maple one,
the new gloss of which it was sought to
preserve. A big sign, "Please don't pound
the new maple floor with canes and um
brellas," called the attention of the Buck
ic-yitefc to the improvement.
It was an important meeting, that ran
the smooth course laid out for it. The old
general committee elected to down Buck
ley forever in 1892 gave up its power and
retired. Buckley's present control of that
committee was "again shown when a roll
call showed 228 (a majority) present.
Then the new committee of 450, of which
Buckley is wholly master, organized and
began its campaign course.
Buckley was generally expected to be
present, but he had not returned from Ra
venswood, whither he went last Saturday.
The strong mci of the Buckley faction of
the Democracy were nearly all there,
though, and as members of the new party
machine. A long list of them recalls to
the politically wise the local Democracy
that was before Ruckley fell and a new set
tripped in and secured party power and
patronage. The grass seems longer now
for the lambs, as such refreshing showers
as last night's meeting, the preceding pri
mary and the preceding enrollment fall in
swift succession.
John McCarthy, president of the Occi
dental Club; Samuel Newman, secretary
of the Railroad Commission; ex-Postmas
ter Bryan ; A. T. Spotts, long secretary of
many State central committees and coiner
at the Mint; Reel B. Terry, who said
"Aye" twice, and nothing else; Alexander
Laid law, who wants to be Police Judge;
ex-Superintendent P. F. Dundon; ex-
School Director Thomas Ford ; P. J. Cor
bett, father of James J.; Attorney M. M.
Foote; Superintendent of Streets Ash
worth; Behrend Joost; Robert Boyd and
Walter Gallagher were among the well
known men who recall anti-revolution
Democracy.
There were others to make the recollec
tion still more vivid. "William N. Harri
son — "Billy" Harrison — nephew of Buck
ley, ex-superintendent of the Industrial
School and present chief lieutenant of the
re-enthroned boss, was seated from the
Forty-third" District. Little Maurice
Schmitt, ever faithful, voted again in a
Democratic council. J. J. Maloney re
membered how to put a motion. Alex
Greguains of Fire Department fame an
swered from the Thirtieth, where he is
district boss, and Tim Treacy and many
Others were in evidence as to the strength
of that general committee in the field of
practical politics.
That's the characteristic of this new
general committee — strong in practical
politics. One evidence of that strength
was the way wise things were done— by
having deliberated well before the meeting.
Joseph Rothchild, acting chairman of
the old committee, had the minutes read
by Secretary James I. Twohig, and then
ex-Senator M. J. Donovan, chairman of
the primary committee, reported the en
rollment of 11,800, the "highly satisfac
tory" primary, and so on. He said that
KEW TO-PAT.
SLEEP & RES*
For Skin Tortured
BABIES d^rf^
And Tired
MOTHERS OIM
. Application of A >l^ l>i^^"tf^CT
(pticura
Speedy Curb Treatment. — "Warm bath« '
with Ccticura Soap, gentle application* of -
Cuticcra (ointment), and mild doses of Cuti-
cura Resolvent (the new blood purifier). ,
Sold throuchout the world. Britieh depot: F. Srw.
but It Sows, 1, King Edward-it., London. Poms
Dm* amd Cum. Cucr~ Sol* Propi., BMloa, U. 8. A,
owing to the critical illness of James H.
O'Brien a detailed financial statement
could not be given then, but reported that
assessments collected amounted to $1,000;
priruar}' expenses were about $700, leaving
$300 to the credit of the new committee.
There was naturally applause and ap
proval of the report.
H. C. Kinne of the Twenty-ninth, long
a Democrat and a teacher in the Lincoln
night school, offered some resolutions in
support of the Jlonroe doctrine and in
favor of taking Canada. They were as
follows :
Resolved,, That the Democratic General Com
mittee of the City and County of San Francisco
emphatically indorses the tirm stand taken by-
President Cleveland in support of the tiune
lionored doctrine enunciated by President
Jiuues Monroe.
Retotved, That we regard the occupation by a
hosiiie Kuropean power of a vast area of terri
tory bordering for 3000 miles on the northern
line of the United States as a standing menace
to the peace and safety of this Nation, ami ire
arc therefore in favor of making vigorous
preparations for the purpose of finally com
pelling the British Government to relinquish
possession of the Dominion of Canada.
Few grasped the resolutions, and they
went through quickly somewhat by de
fault and more important business went on.
Tim Treacy expressed thanks that "we
are here and that we have the right end,"
and his motion to thank the old officers on
the eve of a "legal adjournment" was
heartily adopted, as was the similar reso
lution directed with flowers to M. J. Dono
van and the primary committee by Walter
Gallagher.
M. J. Donovan rose as the bell in the hall
began ringing and said : "'Mr. Chairman,
I do now move that this committee ad-
journ sine die, that a rollcall be had upon
the motion and that the man in the gal
lery with the bell be put out."
The bell was shown to be an elevator
bell and not one being sounded by Gavin
McN&b, and the rollcall proceeded. The
"ayes" numbered 227, showing that the
adjournment sine die was made by a clear
majority of the committee. For this im
portant showing the members of the old
committee had been rustled together.
James J. Flynn, recently president of the
Iroquois Club, rose and declared his pres
ence, making 228. This is tne first open
and positive identification of himself with
the Buckley faction that Flynn has ef
fected.
A good many of the old committee went
out for a drink as Mr. Rothchild called
the new committee to order to begin its
career. In the new committee are 166
members of the old one. The rollcall of
the new committee showed 373 present.
The election of officers at once followed
according to the programme arranged,
which made Kothchild chairman and
which will majce M. J. Donovan chairman
of the executive committee to be created.
The ticket of officers decided on by
Buckley and the other leaders was printed
on liLtle ballots with the idea that if some
fool made further nominations the election
would be simplified by voting ior all the
officers at once. But nothing of the kind
happened.
M. J. Donovan, who had retired from
the chairmanship contest, nominated Jo
seph Rothchild in a brief speech, which
testified to the many abilities of that
Native Son. J. H. Goldmier did nominate
Mr. Donovan, but he at once gracefully
declined, nominations were closed, the sec
retary east the ballot of the committee
for Rothchild and the meeting heard his
thanks. By the same expeditious and har
monious process, spiced with enthusiastic
applause throughout, James O'Connor be
came vice-president, D. M. Gftvigan re
cording secretary, Joseph I. Twohig cor
responding secretary, and Samuel New
man treasurer. (
On motion of A. T. Spotts the chairman
was instructed to appoint a committee of
seven on revision of the constitution.
Amendments they may decide to suggest
will be sent to all members of the commit
tee at least two days before the next meet
ing, which will occur within two weeks,
and they will be voted on then. An
amendment creating an executive com
mittee will be the most important one that
will result.
With this the committee adjourned to
the call of the chair, and the new machine
ended its first successful test.
BALDWIN'S BIG MORTGAGE
" Lucky " Borrows Five Hundred
and Ten Thousand Dollars
on His Property.
His Hotel, Annex and Santa Anita
Ranch Given in Security to the
Hibernia Bank.
An unusually heavy mortgage, covering
the entire Baldwin Hotel and annex thereto,
as also 2700 acres, more or less, of the
Santa Anita ranch, located in Los Angeles
County, was presented for recording at the
City Hail shortly before 4 o'clock yester
day afternoon for the amount of $510,000.
The mortgageor was E. J. Baldwin and tbe
mortgagee the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society of this City.
The lateness of the hour of presenting
this document for filing prevented the
ascertaining as to whether this is the re
newal of a previous mortgage or an original
obligation. At all events, the Santa Anita
ranch is included in the mortgage just
filed. This fact is borne out by the depart
ure of Mr. O'Connell, a clerk in the Hiber
nia Banic, who proceeded to Loa Angeles
on the late train yesterday for the purpose
of having the mortgage coverine the Santa
Anita ranch placedon record at that place.
He Stnle Crowbars.
William Lyon, who was arrested by Police
man Brown ou Goirten Gate avenue on Sunday
night on suspicion of having stolen four crow
bars which he was carrying, was last night
booked for petty larceny. It was learned yes
terday that the crowbars were stolen from
errls' grading camp on Stanyan street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896.
THEATRICAL OLYMPIANS
The Club Boys Packed the Co
lumbia Theater to the
Doors.
"IN OLD KENTUCKY" AGAIN.
"The Man Without a Country" at
Morosco's — Grover's "Wolves
of New York."
The house was packed.
Our Olympic Club boys filled the
Columbia Theater to overflowing with the
thirty-sixth anniversary vaudeville and
athletic entertainment last nieht.
In fact it was one of the most successful
entertainments of the kind ever held in
this City and the boys of muscle and society
were out in full force. Their friends were
there also.
When the curtain went up on the lirst
part and the opening chorus was begun
by the entire company, it looked as though
the halcyon days of minstrelsy had re
turned to stay. Every participant in the
first part was laultlessly attired in full
dress, while the traditional burnt cork
played the important part of blush-hider
to the entire troupe.
The bones rattled and the tambos
clanged while the ladies and gentlemen in
the audience picked out the particular
boys they wanted to bestow boquets upon
— and there were many of them.
William H. Hallett, as the interlocutor,
had his Hands full of inquiries regarding
the cause of various jokes that the end
men insisted upon explaining to him, and
his articulation was especially good, which
made it easy for the audience to under
stand the drift of the conversation.
It can be said that there were-some very
good jokes introduced, and notwithstand
ing the temptation to dig up old gags
some entirely new bon mots were put
forth.
Aside from the work of the end men, all
of which was up to date and clever, the
special numbers contained considerable
good work. Dan Ward's "Better Than
Gold" was one of the features. He refused
to respond to a liberal demand for more,
probably through modesty, for which he
is celebrated. McLaughlin and Sloan, in
their comical Irish song, "The Man That
Stole My Luncheon," brought down the
house.
Frank Coffin in his solo, "My Dream of
Love," took several bouquets out of the
orchestra seats and his rich tenor voice
was in excellent trim. "Shall We Ever
lie Able to Fly," by W. J. Hynes, dragged
all the encoies out of him and he retired
from exhaustion. There were many good
local hits in his^ song. Other numbers
were extremely interesting.
Immediately following the first part
James Washington Swinnerton, the Ex
aminer caricaturist, was forced upon the
stage and did some lightning sketches of
well-known Olympians and also one of
himself. [Several times "Jimraie" made
some remarks by way of introducing his
pictures, but they were lost in the ter
races of his spacious mouth. He captured
the audience three times, once with his
pictures and twice by the loudness of his
attire.
The performers on the triple horizontal
bars executed some dangerous feats, but the
feats were too gracefully done to be
noticeable. D. McLaughlin with his Ger
man oddities did the unusual thing; of not
raising his voice to a loud minor pitch,
but in a quiet and respectable way kept
all hands laughing- His dialect "stories
were all good and particularly pointed.
M. A. yon Bedelben introduced some fe
male impersonation that was simply
gorgeous. His attire was stunning enough
for Worth, and he showed up in all his
sylph like proportions.
All of the acrobatic feats were typical of
the excellent training received at the club
by the boys, and were up to a great n>an3'
professional attempts. Following is a
full cast:
Interlocutor, W. H. Hallett: bones— R.
Mitchell, J. Cathcart, P. Sloan and J. Swinner
ton; tambos— \V. Hynes, A. Rosborough, D.
Mci.Bughlin aud C. Cathcart; grand chorus
and madrigal boys.
Part I— Opeuin'g chorus, the company; "My
Dear Louise," W. W. Finnic; "I Want You, My
Honey," A. Rosbcrongh; "Better Than Gold,"
D. M. Ward; "The Man That btole My Lunch
eon," Messrs. McLaughlin and Sloan ; ''The Old
Arm-chair," W. H. Hnllett; "Chicken Coop
Door," R. Mitchell; "My Dream of You," F.
Coffin; "What Right Has He on Broadway?"
.J. <nthcart; '-Deep in the Mine," C. L. Parent
"Shall We Ever Be Able to Fly?" W. J. Hynes;
selections, Plymouth quartet; finale, Com
pany B.
Part ll— Overture (selected), orchestra ; triple
horizontal bars, Messrs. Leandro, Belau, Rath
bun and Starkey; German oddities, D. Mc-
Laughlin; selections, Reliance Glee Club of
OaEland; sketches, J. Swinnerton of the Ex
aminer; Spanish rings, Messrs. Artz and Brom
mer; female impersonations, A. yon Bedele
ben of the Garden City Cyclers; acrobatics,
Messrs. Cook, Toohey, McN'ally and Stageman
of the Acme Club. Entertainment under di
rection of E. N- Short, leader.
The proceeds will be in the neighborhood
of $2000. Magnificent souvenirs filled with
hali-tones from photographs taken by
Bushneli were distributed to all who at
tended.
After the grand finale, the boys retired
to the Zinkand and dined like the princes
that they are.
"Old Kentucky" at the California.
There was a full house at the California
Theater last night to welcome "In Old
Kentucky" on its return to this City, and
the thrilling incidents and breezy special
ti's with which the play abounds were
applauded to the echo.
Incidents crowd so thick and fast upon
one another in "Old Kentucky" that the
spectator does not get much breathing
space, except between the acts. The
gallery especially could scarcely contain
itself for joy last night when the heroine
swung herself across an apparently bot
tomless chasm by a frail rope to rescue the
hero, who was lying senseless with the
fuse of an infernal machine smoldering
at his elbow.
Even the thrilling emotions stirred up
by the chasm scene, however, paled before
the orgiy of excitement tiiat the racetrack
incident aroused in the beholders. The
author has worked out the scene in a
skillful way that is at once convincing and
natural. All the fortunes of the hero,
Frank Layson, are supposed to be centered
on Queen Bess winning a certain race. At
the last moment the jockey is tempted by
Kentucky whisky and becomes incapaci
tated from further usefulness. To save the
mare from being '"scratched" Madge
Brierly, the heroine, consents to ride her
and travesties herself as a jockey.
The real story of the race is told by a
jolly old colonel, whose fiancee has made
him forswear all the pomps and vanities
of this wicked world, horse-racing among
the rest. Kentucky colonels never break
their words, but the one in question sees
no sin in regarding the race through a
knothole from without the fence. The
fiancee, Miss Alathea Layson, is also
anxious to see whether Queen Bess
will wn, and with great good taste and
judgment Neb, the old family servant,
directs them both to a knothole made in
a part of the fence which is adorned with a
striking picture of the new Call building,
chastely executed in vermilion-colored
paint. After their mutual embarrassment
at meeting the two conspirators agree that
the lady shall have the knothole and the
colonel the tree, and from their excited
description of what is going on within the
audience gathers a wonderfully realistic
idea of the race. The last scene of the
racetrack act represents the horses rush
ing up to the winning post, with Queen
Bess nhead.
Laura Burt, as the mountain Kentucky
girl, Madge Brierly, acted excellently.
She hu evidently made a careful study of
the dialect and the mannerisms of the
class of mountain maiden — rough, but
good hearted — whom she represents. Her
embarrassment when she found herself in
boy's clothes was prettily assumed.
Alace M. Snyder played the part of the
colonel's fiancee naturally, and the
colonel himsef was well impersonated by
H. B. Bradley. Ralph Stuart was at home
as the hero, Frank Layson, and Peirce
Kingsley was properly brutal as the savage
and jealous lover.
One of the features of the performance
consisted of the negro specialties, which
were excellently realistic as well as being
true to the locality represented.
Orand Opera-House.
"A Man Without a Country," which was
produced last night at the Grand, is a
melodrama of the most pronounced type,
and it not only afforded many opportuni
ties to the company, but also gave the
scenic artists the opportunity of distin
guishing themselves."
The most stirring scene, as well as the
most artistically staged, was that which
occurs in the sugar-mill. In a field of ripe
sugar-canes there was a two-storied mill,
the machinery being on the upper floor
and the horsepower below. The double
dyed villain, a United States officer, stabs
an old man who unmasks his treachery
in the lower story of the mill. The blind
crandcbilcl of the victim is above, and
hearing the struggle, she calls: "Naughty
Victor, what have you done to my grand
pa?"
Victor rushes upstairs, persuades the
child to climb on the machinery and de
scending to the lower story whips the
horse into rapid motion, with the spirit and
grace of a ringmaster in a circus. Fred
Butler, who played the villain, is foiled as
usual, however, for just as the ma
chine moved and the child is aboard to
be crushed on the wheel, the hero, the man
without a country, whom Victor Saville
has been pursuing with bloodhounds,
steals into the mill and saves the child in
the nick of time. The audience was so de
lighted with this denouement that they in
sisted on having the curtain up again to
enjoy the spectacle of Butler doing more
of the ringmaster act.
Ixion at the Tivoli,
The mythological opera is still on at the
Tivoli. A great many new songs have
been introduced and several improve
ments have been added. It is not,
however, what it used to be. A great
deal of the glamour of Ixion has faded
and the tinsel needs renewing. Ferris is
stilHaughable and Alice Carle sings some
good songs. Thomas Leary springs a few
local hits in an unmusical ditty, while
Jack Raffael proves his tight to sing bary
tone on any stage in the country.
About half of' the characters in "Ixion"
are said to be immortals. It looks from
the way it is running that they all are.
At Grover's Alcazar.
The good old comedy-drama, "The
Wolves of New York." is drawing good
houses at the Alcazar. It has a certain
attraction that makes it worth witnessing,
and Mr. G rover brings it out in the best
possible style. It is beyond a doubt one
of the best pieces he puts on, and im con
ception of Robin O'Malley is just about
right. Charles Bates as Pud Flitters is a
new man, but he is very clever in his
tough parts. He has a rich Bowery brogue
that would delight Ned Townsend.
Josephine Gassman sets out a few negro
songs in the character of Topsy blue, and
owns the hou.ve when she twitches her
heels with a down-South movement.
Francis Powers plays the sharper just as
though be was one, and is so neat at it
that the audience really gets down on him
for being such a crook.
"The Wolves" run until next Monday
night, when Hereward Hoyt, the pride of
the matinee attendant, will return to his
admirers.
At the Orpheum,
There is a strong bill at the Orpheum this
week. Rachel Walker, the Creole Nightingale*
promises to become the popular favorite. Her'
reception last night amounted to an ovation.
She sang "The Muni ol Dundee," "The Last
Rose of Summer" and "Away Down U]>on the
Suwanee River," with much spirit and good
voice. The other new attraction!; are the
Sisters De Van, who do some clever balancing;
Hawley and Doyle, a Ming and dance team;
Mason and Healy, comedlaus; De Witt Si;-ters,
musical artists; and William Roberts, equili
brist.
MRS. WADDILL'S RETURN
The White Wife Sought Shelter
Among Strangers at San
Rafael.
By Advice of a Colored Woman She
Came Back and Told Her Story
to the Police.
Mrs. W. M. Waddill, the white woman
who left her coJored husDand last week, as
told in Sunday's edition of The Call, has
been at San Rafael.
She returned yesterday to see Chief
Crow-ley, and to him she told her story.
The Chief said he could do nothing for
her, but a meeting with the husband was
arranged for to-day.
At San Rafael Mrs. Waddill, accom
panied by her three-year-old son, went to
the home of Mrs. James Dowan, a colored
widow, and asked if she could stay there
over night. She said she was Kissing by
and happened Jo notice that colored people
lived there, and she knew they would be
friendly to her.
Mrs. Dowan lives in a small house on
Third street, near A. She was interviewed
yesterday afternoon by a Call representa
tive. She said that she did not know Mrs.
Waddill before the latter came to her home
yesterday. The little boy accompanied
her and Mrs. Dowan after hearing the
story said that the two might remain.
Mrs. Waddill told Mrs.*Dowan lhat her
husband had been beating her and abusing
her in a thousand ways and for that reason
she had left him. Mrs. Dowan says she
told her many stories of her husband's
cruelty to her and the child.
"I told her," said Mrs. Dowan, "that
she had better go over to the City and tell
her story to the Chief of Police, who would
see that she was protected. She &aid that
the would do so. I think she will come
out all right, if the story she told me is
correct."
Mrs. Waddill also told the story to
others at San Rafael, one of Jthose persons
being Manuel Ramos, proprietor of a res
taurant on Fourth street, where she took
lunch.
Waddill denies that he has abused his
wife in any way. He says that he will
make no attempt to compel her to live
with him against Her will, but that he will
insist on having the custody of the child
if his wife goes away.
Acknowledged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.'S
Teas, Coffees and Spices
Best and Cheapest. Try Them.
Pretty presents given away free.
62 Market St., 8. K. Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES EVKRY WHERE.
Fell in a Fit.
Peter Murray, the complaining witness
against Charles Olsen, charged with assault to
murder, caused some excitement in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday morning by falling in a fi t.
He was removed to the Receiving Hospital and
soon recovered. Last Wednesday Olson stabbed
Murray three times in a sailors' boarding
house at 547 Howard street, and it was only
yesterday that Murray was discharged from
the Marine Hospital. • Olsen's preliminary
examination was not concluded.
The Republican Women.
The adjourned meeting of the Women's Re
publican State Central Club will be held to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock in the parlors of
the Baldwin Hotel. A call has been issued by
President Addie L. Ballou.
Music, magazines, papers, etc., bound neatly
by the Mysell-Eollins Co., 22 Clay, •
THE NEW PRIMARY LAW.
Argument Before the Supreme
Court on the Validity of
the Act.
A BROAD RULING HOPED FOR.
Attorney Alexander Asks That the
Law Be Upheld With Section
26 Stricken Out.
The constitutionality of the new pri
mary election law must soon be deter
mined now. It was argued yesterday be
fore the Supreme Court in bank at consid
erable length by J. Charles Jones, Assist
ant District Attorney of Sacramento, D.
E. Alexander, representing the petitioner,
and Samuel M. Shortridge, who appeared
as amicus curiie, and argued chiefly that
it was desirable for the court to make its
decision so broad as to preclude the neces
sity of a reopening of the case for the
other counties interested.
The question was brought before the
court by the application of W. A. Gett Jr.
of Sacramento for a writ of mandate com
pelling the Board of Supervisors to carry
out the provisions of the new law, which
provides for a primary election on the
second Tuesday of next March.
AH of the Justices were present yester
day morning with the exception of Jack
son Temple, and during the progress of
the argument, which lasted until noon, a
good many lawyers and officials interested
in the question dropped in to listen. The
argument was opened by Mr. Jones,
who, on behalf of the Sacramento
Supervisors, demurred to the applica
tion, claiming tliat the law is unconsti
tutional in that it attempts special legisla
tion in regard to elections. Mr. Jones
argued that the law is local in its char
acter and that it applies to only certain
classes of counties. He claimed the law
was an attempt by the Legislature by in
direction to evade the inhibitory provi
sions of the constitution. Mr. Jones
argued further that section 4006 of the
Political Code was repealed by the county
government act in its classification of
counties. He called the attention of the
court to what he considered a well-estab
lished fact that the classification of muni
cipalities was by virtue of a separate and
very broad section of the constitution and
claimed that a county was not a municipal
corporation as referred to by the constitu
tion, and that the classification permitted
for one kind of legislation could not be
made the basis for a different kind of
legislation.
Attorney Alexander next addressed the
court. He argued that the code section was
not repealed either by the constitution or
the law subsequently passed, because the
subsequent classification of counties was
only for the purpose of fixing the compensa
tion of officers, and for no other purpose.
He contended that the law was not, special
legislation, because it applied alike to
people included in the classification, and
that the elections referred to in the consti
tution were then known as general elec
tions for county and State officers, and
could not apply to primary elections. The
constitution, he said, could only refer to
elections which were then general elections
in a legal sense.
He contended that the constitution did
not prohibit other classification by the
Legislature than that fixing salaries and
that the Legislature must have referred to
the Political Code in fixing this classifica
tion, because the lawmakers must have
known that they were mating a classifica
tion for other purposes than the compen
sation of officials.
In concluding, Mr. Alexander suggested
that if the court should hold the restrict
ing provision in the act to be unconstitu
tional that section might be eliminated
from the law and the remainder of the law
be held valid.
Whereupon Justice Van Fleet asked how
the court was to know that the Legislature
would have passed the act if thus muti
lated.
Mr. Alexander admitted the inability of
finite mortals to solve such a problem, ana
then concluded bis argument by a brief
resume of the points already contended
for.
Samuel M. Shortridge then arose and
asked the indulgence of the court. He ap
peared on behalf of the interested
citizens of San Francisco, he said,
as well as a friend of the court.. In
his opening remarks he expressed the
hope that the court would consider the
question in all its bearings and make its
decision so broad that the counties of San
Francisco and Los Angeles should have
guidance for their course in the vexed
question.
Touching the merits of the disputed law
itself Mr. Shortridge said it must be con
ceded that the act relates to legal elections.
Now, there was a constitutional prohibi
tion against special election laws, he said,
and it was clear in both language and in
tent that this law was a special and local
enactment, applicable only to certain and
I special localities. And if" this law which
affect:* the privilege of the franchise is
special and local in its application, it
must surely be unconstitutional.
It was evidently the intention of the
I framers of the law to draft a general
' enactment, declared Mr. Shortridge, for
! the day upon which these primary elec
tions were to be held was declared a State
holiday. And the language of the law, up
I till section 26 was reached, where the limi-
I tation to the three counties occ\irs, was
clearly general and was intended to be so.
Its very language pointed to the fact, he
thought, that section 26 was injected into
the act after the whole act had been
I drafted.
Again, in bestowing upon the Boards of
Supervisors the power to distinguish and
pass upon the political complexion of
electors, the Legislature clearly trans
cended its power and attempted to confer
a most unwarranted authority.
Mr. Shortridge also called attention to
the clause which provides for the different
colored ballots, claiming that this was
clearly a violation of the constitutional re
quirement of secrecy in elections. In
fact the whole act was not in
Harmony with the spirit of the con
stitution nor with this form of gov
ernment, either democratic or repub
lican, either in its generic or its special
sense. Its effect would be, said Mr. Short
ridge, to destroy the political individual
ity of men and their liberty of action, as
well as the organization of political parties,
which were a necessity under this form of
popular government.
"I submit that the law should not be al
lowed to stand," said the speaker, "be
cause it Is an attempted violation of a very
plain and very wise provision of the con
stitution.
"Aside from what I b lieve to be its un
constitutionally the enforcement of tnis
law would be a most severe burden upon
the counties affected by it on account of
the enormous expense it would entail.
And this consideration, particularly in
event of the law being upheld without the
obnoxious section, is one well worthy of
consideration. In that event the smaller
counties would be burdened with a tre
mendous expense.
"This act was born, no doubt, of a spirit
of unrest in the belief that there were evils
of the primary elections in large counties
which needed legislation to cure, but it
must not be forgotten that there are other
means by which these evils may be cured
and that in any event it would not be
proper to attempt to cure the evil by a
violation of the constitution."
At the conclusion of Mr. Sliortridge's ad
dress Chief Justice Beatty announced that
the matter would be taken under advise
ment, and then the court adjourned.
IRON-MOLDERS' UNION.
Hereafter All Troubles Will Be Settled
by Arbitration.
J. F. Valentine, the vice-president of the
National Molders' Union, has returned
from a trip along the coast, where, he has
been reorganizing and uniting on a firmer
basis the members of this trade. Since
the 20th ult. he has visited Los Angeles,
San Jose, Stockton and Sacramento, and
latterly this City. He reports all of the
unions to be in a healthier cordition than
they have been for years. "The Pacific
Coast molders are keeping pace with those
of the Ensi," said Mr. Valentine last even
ing. "Since July tne membership in the
East has increased 6000.''
Mr. Valentine states that the National
molders' unions are working on a different
principle from what they did formerly.
Now any differences between employers
and employes are settled by arbitration in
stead of strikes ana boycotts. Arbitration
is found to work better than coercion.
At a meeting of the local union last
evening a special committee presented for
inspection a beautifully engrossed set of
resolutions of regret and respect, which
will be forwarded to the relatives of the
late treasurer, Thomas Hedeley, who died
December 31.
EXAMINING THE ROADS.
Wheelmen to Co-operate With
the State Bureau of
Highways.
Course Outlined by Commissioners for
Their Inspection Now in
Progress.
During the next month and a half the
gospel of good roads is to be pretty thor
oughly discussed in all parts of the State,
and the League of American Wheelmen
will co-operate in the new work that is
being pursued by the State Bureau of
Highways.
The bicycle rider, probably more than
any other individual who pays taxes to
the common cause of road and street im
provement, is in a position to appreciate a
good piece of work on a public thorough
fare. And with the constant increase in
the number of cyclists it comes about as a
natural consequence thai an intelligent
and concerted interest should be mani
fested in road improvement by those per
sons who are forced continually to draw
comparisons between rough cobbles and
ruts and the even and less noisy modern
pavement.
The highway improvement committee,
L. A. W., of this City haying requested
the Bureau of Highways to furnish it
with the course of the Koad Commission
ers' journeys over the roads of the State,
together with the dates of public meetings
in the different counties, received the fol
lowing letter yesterday with the appended
course of the three Commissioners now en
gaged in examining the highways in the
northern and southern parts of California:
State of California, %
Bvkkau of Highways, }
Sacramento. Cal., Jan. 18, 1890. )
C. Miehnier, Secretary Highway Improve
ment Committee, Northern California Division L.
A. T!*., Mills Building, San Francisco, Cal. —
Dear Sir: In accordance with the agreement
made by Commissioner >fanson with the repre
sentatives of your committee at a meeting
held on last Monday, we inclosed the schedule
of the trips of inspection of highways and in
vestigation into all matters pertaining thereto,
which are being made by the Commissioners of
the bureau in conformity with the require
ments of the law.
We shall be pleased to receive your co
operation in making thu meetings a success
by securing the attendance of all bicyclists and
others interected In the improvement of roads.
If you will send us a list of the representa
tives of the league at the various places to be
visited in your jurisdiction, and notify us of
the official to be communicated with in the
southern section of tho State, we shall, in addi
tion, notify them of the meetings.
Trusting to receive further advices from you,
and that we may be able to co-operate in the
spreading of the gospel of good "roads, we re
main very respectfully,
Bureau of Highways.
E. Myron Wolf, Clerk.
In accordance with the letters the High
way Improvement Committee has taken
steps to have the wheelmen co-operate
with subsequent meetings of the bureau
wherever possible.
The extent of the road inspection in
progress and something of the character of
the work of the bureau is shown by the
following schedule of meeting places:
Itinerary of Commissioner Manson in the
north: Tuesday, January 21, meeting in
Ukiah; Wednesday, January 22, stage to Lake
port; Thursday, January 23, meeting in Lake
port; Friday, January 24, return to Ukiah ;
Saturday, January 25, start for Eureka;
Wednesday, January 29, meeting at Eureka in
afternoon; Thursday, January 30, boat and
stage to Crescent City : Saturday, February 1,
meeting in Crescent City in afternoon ; Mon
day, February 8, leave via Grants Pass for
Yreka; Friday, February 7, meeting in Yreka
in forenoon, leave Yreka in afternoon by rail
for Sacramento; Saturday, February 8, arrive
in Sacramento in forenoon, leave Sacrameuto
for Independence in afternoon; Wednesday,
February 12, meeting in Independence; Thur
sday, February 13, leave Independence for
Bridgeport; Monday, February 17, meeting at
Bridgeport.
Itinerary of Commissioners Mnude and Irvine
in the south: Wednesday, January 15, left
Sacramento; Thursday, Hi, arrived in Ventura;
Friday, 17, left Ventura; Saturday, 18, arrived
in Los Angeles; Sunday, 10, drove to Santa
Ana: Monday, 20, meeting in Santa Ana; Tues
day, 21, start for San Diego; Wednesday, "J'_',
on the road; Thursday, 23, on the road; Fri
day, 24, reach San Diego; Saturday, 25, meet
ing in San Di°R-o; Sunday, 20, start for River
side; Monday, 27, on the road; Tuesday, 28,
on the road"; Wednesdny, 28, on the road;
Thursday, 30, reach Riverside; Friday, 31,
meeting in Riverside; Saturday, February 1,
meeting in San Bernardino; Sunday, 2, start
for Los Angeles; Monday, 3, reach Los Angeles;
Tuesday, 4, inspection of roads and records;
Wednesday, 5 , inspection ot roads and records;
Thursday, t>, meeting in Los Angeles; Friday,
7, leave for Bakersfield; Saturday, 8, on the
road; Sunday, 9, on the road; Monday, 10, on
the road; Tuesday, 11, on the road; Wednes
day, 12, meeting in Bakerstield ; Thursday, 13,
drive to Delano: Friday, 14, drive to Tulare;
Saturday, 15, meeting in Visaila; Sunday, I<>
drive from Tulare to Hanford; Monday, 17,
r»* >eting in Hanford; Tuesday, 18, drive to
Fresno: Wednesday, 19, reach' Fresno; Thurs
day, 20, in Fresno; Friday, 21, meeting in
Fresno; Saturday, 22, inspection of roads and
records; Sunday, 23, drive to Madera; Monday
24, meeting in Madera; Tuesday, 25, Merced-
Wednesday, 20, Modesto; Thursday, 27, Stock
ton.
In Proper Shape at 1..»«t.
The sealing regulations for 1896 have ar
rived at last, and but lor Broker Thornley they
might still be in the hands of the clerks of the
Treasury Department at Washington. Mr.
Thornley has been importuning the customs
authorities so much about the untimely regu
lations that it was with a sigh of relief that
Deputy Collector Farley was able to hand over
(i store or more of the regulations in pamphlet
form yesterday with the Custom-house's stamp
and date on them. The numerous clients of
the industrious broker are now ready to trim
their sails and put to sea for the little bit of
the season that remains. The winter season
closes April 30. The sealers do not see why
the regulations could not have been prepared
by the Treasury Department and sent here
from Washington early in December.
NEXT TO-DAT.
You Know
how hand-sewed shoes are
made. Goodyear Welts are
like them, but better and
cheaper. Goodyear Weits
are leather shoes, not
rubber.
.Millions wear them; all ages, both sexes. All
dealers sell them,
GOODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON
AGENT AYRES IS GONE
He Represented the Wheeler <k
Wilson Sewing Machine
Company.
CREDITORS ASKING FOR HIM
No Reason Assigned for His Departure.
His Debts Known to Amount
to $20,000.
Unless Alvin D. Ayres, general Pacific
Coast agent of the Wheeler and Wilson
Sewing Machine Company and Recce
Button Hole Machine Company, turns up
unexpectedly to-day with $^0,000 to settle
the claims of clamoring creditors, the
Sheriff's big locks will'be seen on his estab
lishment at 1308 Market street and also on
the Stockton-street branch store.
However, it is not probable that Mr.
Ayres will appear, for his usual haunts
have known him not for several weeks
past and many anxious inciuiries as to hia
whereabouts have been met with the state
ment that he has "gone East on business."
Ayres has been the Pacific Coast repre
sentative of the Wheeler & Wilson con
cern, whose manufacturing plant is at
Bridgeport, Conn., for several years past,
and was generally considere d to be a man
of ample means.
As a matter of fact he was an agent in
name only, beinjja regular wholesale buyet
of machines having an inside price that
enabled him to sell machines to snialiet
dealers at a good profit. He lived in style,
sometimes at the Palace Hotel and some*
times in fashionable apartment-houses and
conducted his business on a generous plan.
For some years past he has been heavily
in the debt of the company, but the cor»
poration did not press him owing to thf
difficulty he had in collecting his out*
stauding accounts. Most of his machine»
were sold on the installment plan at smali
payments per month, and money came ia
slowly.
Recently his indebtedness to the com*
pany increased to such an extent that h«
was asked to liquidate a portion of it, and,
failing to do this, the Bridgeport concern
began to press him. He put them off op
various pretexts for some time, but his
creditors finally became impatient, and
threatened a suit. Then Mr. Ayres sxxd
denly went East, and up to last night had
failed to show up and satisfy the demands
for payment.
Not being satisfied with the state of
affairs, representatives of the Wheeler &
Wilson Company within the past few days
consulted the law firm of Page, Eells & Me*
Cutcheon, and a determination to bring
suit was the result. The claims of the
company amount to $19,900, which with
interest brings the amount to something
over $20,000. The complaint will be filed
to-day unless something is heard from Mr,
Ayres in the meantime.
Mrs. Ayres, who was a member of the
swell set and well known in society circles,
accompanied her husband when he de
parted. Attorney Eels, who prepared
the papers in the suit that will
be filed to-day, said last evening
that he knew very little of the reason for
Ayres' sudden departure or the causes of
his financial difficulties.
"It appears," he said, "that Ayres' ac
count with the Wheeler & Wilson Sewing
Machine Company is of long standing and
that tie was totally unable to meet his
liabiiities. It seems strange, from the
circumstances with which we are now
acquainted, that he should be unwilling
to face his oreditorg, for, as fur as we
know, there has been no crookedness ot
any kind. He simply geft behind, was
unable to pay up and had to be sued.
"From all that we can learn the stocks
contained in the Market and Stockton
street stores will not realize the amount of
our attachment by considerable, but thus
far we have not learned of any other
property on which we can levy. We have
heard that he had some East, but no one
seems to be able to tell just where he is at
present.
"I believe that he will turn up all right
after a while and explain his affairs to the
satisfaction of his creditors, for it would
appear to be very short-sighted policy to
leave a business he had spent years in
building up and not attempt to save it
from going to ruin. As far as I know ha
has always been well thought of in the
business community."
It is not known whether Mr. Ayres was
in debt further than his account with the
Wheeler & Wilson Company, but it ia
believed that the Recce Buttonhole Ma«
chine Company have been carrying him to
a greater or less extent.
Answer for the Children.
Lonis Sloss, Sarah B. Cooper, Charles HoT«
brook, George C. Sargent and Thomas B,
Bishop, trustees of the fund left by Miranda
Lux to the kindergartens of the City,]have filed
an answer to the will contest of Jesse PotteJ
and the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company. Their answer is a general and SDe
cific denial of each and all the allegatio'na
made in the contest.
NEW TO-DAT.
■ ~~-^- in »m
When
aff lIUII
Paderewski
Comes
HE WILL PLAY THE
STEINWAY
PIANO
SHERMAN, "CLAY & CO.,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter Sts.,
Pacific Coast Representatives,
. HEALTH RESORTS.
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
1 Is under strictly regular management; a quiet,
.homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure
massage, electrical • treatments, Swedish move*
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
that Is included in modern rational medical treat,
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water
even temperature and restful scenery may ba
obtained. .
Terms: Koom, with board and regular treat-,
ment, $11! to !?-J0 per week. . «■«■»*-»
Send for circular: St. Helena 'sanitarium. St.
Helena, Na|>a Couniy, fa].
Trains leave San Francisco, loot of Market st
at 7 a. M. and 4 P. m., via Vallejo Junction, rcac£
I ing St. Helena at 10:45 a. m. and 7:08 x!