VOkTJME LXXIX.-NO. 34.
BOERS DEFEAT
JAMESON'S MEN.
Disobedience of the Doctor
Causes a Severe Loss
of Life.
FORCED TO SURRENDER.
Invading Forces of the South
... African Company Are Easily
■■;" • ;." . . -'.;''";■ Overpowered.
. TURMOIL IN THE TRANSVAAL.
: The Crushing of a Rebellion That
•■.';.•: ; Has Been Smolder) for
;"■-, ■. Six Months.
■'■': CAPE TOWN*. Cafe. Coloht, Africa,
• Jan. 2— The Cape Times has a dispatch
frohi Pretoria, dated yesterday, saying
,'■ Kat the. laJtest ■ no-i - from Kruegersdorp
.'R -to the effect thai there had been fight
'■'.- ing etweejithe i- era and the force led
.' byiDr.' Jameson' and that ths latter had
. . suffered.heav: .• • . • ■'■{'■ '-.' .
: VA liter idj*iiai^h from Pretoria says that
. T'r.. Janice. "vas surrounded by a large
■force of ' Be^fs .near Kr jegersdorp and was
■■oblip^ tp surrender.' ....'".' ...
r. ■".'the -'"■■■ -' Hon. Joseph Chamberlain,
\.Secfet3fy.p;i' State- for the Colonies, has
. sent v dispatch to Governor Robinson',
■',-. v f^y"ing-:-:' . :':".-..' . ''-..■ ■■ '■■:.•■ ■-; '
: ; V- ■ •.-] ..-:?' .--rot that ■ Dr. Janieson'sr-dispbedi
i. -jcijcc/iiis led.'fo a ! ; deplorable Job.s of life.
■]. Do •ytfir best to secure generous: treatment
-of t tip prisoners and wounded. 1 ' l- : ■■■ '"."-:■
y'^I^DON, Exg., Jan. 2^Th& folio-wing
; <j itch was received this evening from
: § -Henry Robinson, Governor of Cape
.-.Cqibny :'■.:• ;.'. "'-. ■ •■;•■• " •. ; ".
--• ;-C APETC) \V N, Jan. .2.— 8:25 p. ,m.— A
■ messenger overtook Dr. Jameson miles
tiie uther side of the Elans River. The
/iitcssenger brought back a verbal mess-age
'.that the dispatch:received by J)r.. Jameson
; ■would be . attended to. The force was sad
■tiling'up, and. at on<!e proceeded eastward.
'. J»x. Jameson thus received aud disregarded
. in.'y.'rne.s's'ages'.". •. -. ''.■•'.":- •••
. .; . Adi^patcbi has reached the Colonial Of
fvre stating that. Dr.. Jameson ' has had a
lit tie' with tbe." Boers before- Johannes-
; ibuTg.'res.uJtirig in his siirrender. A num
■. ber ; -of. : his ■..follo^-ers i \ were killed and
•": Xodetaii.s -a r^pive:;. • ■'-'■' ••.
: v ; . . ernor Robinson. Of : the Cape Colony
■ i ele graphed to. M r. berlain at the
< o'loniai. Oflice to-day that no reports of
nghiirig at Johannesburg or -.else.where in
the Transvaal bad-been- received by him.
\ It is iiot : knpwn: by Governor Robinson
: jivherp Dr. Jameson is ior whether - the or
. ftler.to 1 return forth which was sent to
Mr. Chamberlain has reached him.
. rectors <jf the. British South Africa
' < mpany. had. a conference '[■■ /with ; Mr.
»■■ aiiiberlainfat the Colonial Office. at 2:30
■ ( k.this afternoonv ■V. -. ."',.• " • ■ ;'\ ■
V:: dispatch received at the Foreign
1 .announcing that an engagement
■ lial; taken place Detvreeh Dr. Jameson's
forces, and. the Boers and that the ;f.ormer
.: .had been [ compelled to surrender, was
'/■ ; ieiii fe S ir Jaco bus. A. wet, : the :British
... agen: >v Pretoria. ... /.. ■■ '.' ■''■'.-■. :■' -.
V v/\' A- { ti^patci : from Jph'anriesburg, '. South
\Africa,iu.ttd December 30, says the people
':;'-. there -iare; jreatlv excited.. ; Numbers •of
Boer- 4;e;; t6; ; be' seen riding '.t.hTough. the
■ : ■Btreets, w-..:; add s ; greatly to the .public
c x cl te m ent.; . A p i-r f 6 rman cc of ; ' ' Ot he 110 "
.was given c-:. ; ; 't-cember 30 at the Standard
- Theater :' .in . .rianriesbhrg,- . iwhich:. was
crowded * j;oabier of all classes. .The
; ■ orchestra : play the . " Voiksieid,' .
■;■_ national air pf ; ; Trari : syaal,-; whereat, the
. ; . audience drownr : .tke; n.usic with groans
and : hisses, -.The ■ . -r-hestra then played
[:- "IGod Save the .Quee.-V:-.' .when : the people
' rose and cheered. -"iy 's-: ;'.- ■ '...- '. .'. • "'■ . V •;
:.;';^. ■■ A mass-meeting 6i _; , A mraliari re"sid«hts
.<>! Johannesburg .^as-^i^tii^ld/at^hictf.
. the chairman ':\H%t infantry- and '
" rnouiited contjianiesi bejaiEed. .resist the
■V .' Boers.. ! : . ';■.' -.'■' : : - r - ■: ".-" ;.' : ''. "?/. :, • -.-" ;". . ,
y■ ■ ThevPall^ilall Gazette- crts tb;at iOOO
.■firmed^men^Whp . have .be en .in readiness
at Buluwayo toy march into; the Trans
• vaal, are probably now en. jrpi t« for 1 that
.territory; -They directors, ■ oj. r ie : British
• AfricavCpmpany iield r .'..eetiug at
■; •'•: nopn to-day consider . the di.yf ach sent
fey Mr. Chamberlain- ordering •; t he; imme
;.'; diate disavowal by .the company : of any
knowledge or responsibility Jot ..Dr. : Jame
r son's act in '.leading ; an ; armed body pf.men
: into the Transvaal, y. • .- ; .' ■
v They directors themselves profess to be
tirely without knowledge of JamesPn's
.movement. .'':■•••:■ ' '. ".''. ■' '■" :■'.
; ::;; The report that the Queen has ordered
. the Duke of Fife to withdra> from the-di
-.rectory\qi the British. South : Africa Com
pany.is denied. : "'. ;. ' "•/ . •. '. .
-.;:. Joseph; : .Chamberlain, Secretary of State
'. % the Colonies, 1 has issued a .statement
.-.: that Governor Robinson of the
.Cape, Colony -will start frir Pretoria this
; afternoon, to assist in the peaceful settle
. taent e-f the Transvaal difficulties. ';'• ..
': " ■, c^ a rnberlain had ai satisfactory inter
. *ie*r this .morning with the directors of
■\ihe. : British. South Africa Company, among
whom was the Duke of Fife. ' - . . :
... The Cnroiticle in its issue to-morrow
. :will .claim.: ori higli authority that the re
bellion has been smoldering in Bechuana
■ larid fnr ,s.ix months and during that
■ time; Br.Jamesori and bis followers were
sileriiiy arranging to descend upon the
Transvaal. The dispatch hints at certain
matters to the. discredit of Englishmen, of
;■ which matters, it Bays, Mr. Chamberlain
..is cognizant. •. ■■ ; : • • ~
; , The Colonial Office, it adds, is also aware
that the Hon. Cecil" Rhodes, Prime Mm
Jster of Cape Colony, have to supply
.; the money, for Dr. Jameson's escapade. , "
. ..AH :* ne ■ morn iiig • papers will publish
eai.tpr.iala on the subject of the invasion of
- tli^e Transvaal. . They deplore the result,
..-which, they say, will involve the gravest
■..consequences. ■ • -. i..V. " • •
:'." They contefid that nothing but success
could have justified the invasion. As the
echeme has. miserably failed it has seri
The San Francisco Call.
oast? damaged the future of South Afrira.
The papers predict that the blood feud
between the Englishmen and Boers will be
excited to fury and probably a cry will be
raised to wipe out tie stain of the second
humiliation inflicted upon the British
arms by the Boers; but they declare that
such a demand cannot be oncoura^ed. All
the papers condemn Dr. Jameson's rash
nees and disobedience.
FRAXCE AM* GERMAXT.
Will Xot Remain Silrnt Jhiriny the
Invasion.
PARIS, France, Jan. 2.— The Cabinet
held a meeting tnis morning to consider
the situatiou in the Transvaal.
BERLIN. Germany, Jan. 2.— The state
ment made yesterday that Germany had
oflicially inquired of Great Britain what
steps the latier Government intended to
take in regara. to the invasion of the Trans
vaal by the British South Africa Company
is confirmed to-day.
JiOERS ARK COU/tAGEOUS.
ltirt/ Will Sot Submit to 12ngli»h En-
rroachtnent.
CHICAGO, 11t.., Jan. 2.— A. A. Swinj
j lev. an extensive dealer in mining ma
i chinery, of Johannesburg, South Africa,
is in Chicago. He was not surprised to
hear of the collision between the Boers
and the force under Dr. Jameson, when
informed of the latest news from the South
African republic by a United Press re
porter.
"The Boers," said Mr. Swingley, "are a
determined and courageous people, as
their struggle in 1881 amply demonstrated.
If England ever gains control of affairs
down there in South Africa it will only be
after a must desperate struggle. President
Kruegerof the South African republic is an
odd man. Very igno/ant. lacking almost
all education, he nevertheless possesses
remarkable executive ability, and his dic
tations to the people are religiously ob
served."
MICHAEL DAVITT' S OP IS ION.
Credit of the Countermanding of the 2m-
ration Ittie to Uncle Sam.
NEW YORK. N, V., Jan. 2:— Michael
Davitt was seen by a reporter for the
United Press in this city this morning.
He is oti his way home to Ireland, after a
nine months' tour in the Australian colo
nies. In reply to a question about the
English attack on the Transvaal republic
the Irish member said:
"The credit for the countermanding of
the invasion of the Transvaal is not due to
Chamberlain and Salisbury in my humble
opinion, but to Cleveland and Olney. The
manly and menacing attitude which Uncle
Sam took upon the Venezuelan question
has compelled England to condemn a free
booting expedition which would otherwise
have had the political blessing of that pre
eminent land-grabbing nation.
'.'America ought, in my judgment, to do
three things on the first available oppor
tunity, thi^t is— admit the republic of
Hawaii into the family of United States
communities; recognize the Cuban
patriots, who are, I hope, whipping the
Spaniards, and thirdly, instruct her ad
mirals in the Mediterranean to fling a shell
or two into the Sultan's palace at Con
stantinople the next time a single Chris
tian of any nation is murdered or out
raged by the unspeakable Turk.
"This act wouldtell the cowardly Chris
tian monarchies of Europe that there is at
least one great nation of humanity which,
has no dread of the infamous Ottoman
empire. Action of this kind would plant
the Republic of the United States in the
front rank of powers." . .'
. Mr. Davit [leaves for Ireland next week.
TO CIIAXGE THE PREMIER.
Canadians Preparing to Have Tupper
Succeed Jioitiell.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Jan. 2.~An im
portant political deal is under way here
which; if successful, will effect a big change
in the Canadian politicil situation. The
plan is to ha.ye Sir Charle3 Tupper reliri'
quish his office as Canadian High Com
| missioner in London and become Premier
of the Dominion and leader of the Con
servative party at the approaching elec
tion. Those prornotinsr the: movement
claim that Mackenzie Bowetl .tvould be
quite wilHng. to retire from the premier
ship,. and would probably take the post of
High Commissioner in London.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Jan. .2.— A quiet
caucus of the Conservatives whs held here
to-night with-, the view of throwing Sir
Mackenzie Bowel I overboard and placing
Sir Charles .Cupper in his place as Cana
dian Prime Minister. . '■ ."
TO BE MARRIED AGAIN
Mrs. Alva; Vanderbilt Will Be
come the Wife of Oliver
Belmont.
An Event That Will Not Surprise
Society Circles of New
York.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. ».— The Herald
this morning says: A marriage has been
arranged between Mrs. Alva Vanderbilt
and Oliver P. H. Belmont.
The announcement was quietly circu
lated yesterday among the intimate friends
of the contracting parties.
Mrs. Willie X., as Mrs. Vanderbilt is
known in society, was formerly Miss Alva
Smith of New Orleans. She is the mother
of the young Duchess of Maryborough,
whose marriage last autumn was the
crown- in the brilliant social career of her
mother.
Oliver Belmont is the son 6f the late
August Belmont. He is himself a di
vorced man, his first wife having married
again.
The announcement that Mrs. Vander
bilt will be married to Mr. Belmont will
not surprise society. He has long been
her most devoted admirer.
On March 5 last Mrs. Vanderbilt secured
a divorce from her husband, William K.
Vanderbilt, the decree being granted on
statutory grounds. It gave Mrs. Vander
bilt the custody of her three children,
Consuelo, W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. and Harry
Sterling Vanderbilt. Mr. Vanderbilt's
defense was a mere formality.
It is probable that the wedding will take
place within a few days, and immediately
after the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Oliver
Belmont will sail for Europe.
Stranded at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Term., Jan. 2.— The Sidney
Drew Company went to pieces here last
night. A' poorseason up to this point and
internal dissensions caused the collapse.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 3, 1896.
Both spring- and winter festivals are mine;
Here rosy bowers bloom and icy splendors shine.
With me December ever weds with May
And both, forever young, are fair and gay.
RENEW THEIR STRIKE.
Streetcar Employes of Phil
adelphia Again Quit
Work.
FAIL ON A COMPROMISE.
Satisfactory Terms Cannot Be
Obtained From the Trac
tion Company.
PEACE OVERTURES IN VAIN.
Employers Say They Can Get Plenty
of Men to Operate the
Lines.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 3.-An
other strike of the employes of the Union
Traction Company was ordered at 1:30
o'clock this morning. All efforts to effect
a compromise between the company and
its men failed.
. At 11 o'clock last night the men held a
mass-meeting, and as the vote taken to
day showed a large majority in favor of
striking, the result of the mass-meeting
was a foregone conclusion.
Yesterday when another strike seemed
a probability the Toynbee Society, the
Universal Peace Union and a number of
gentlemen who are interested in the wel
fare of the city visited and wrote to the
headquarters of the Amalgamated Asso
ciation, counseling moderation and ad
vising the men against another strike, but
these efforts were thrown away.
The men demand of the company that
it abrogate the clause in its latest agree
ment submitted to them that in the future
all new men who are taken on the road
shall be in no way affiliated or connected
with, directly or indirectly, any labor or
ganization. This clause the company
firmly declined to eliminate.
. After the poll of the road yesterday
afternoon was known another committee
of the men called on General Manager
Beetem last night to make a last appeal to
him to eliminate the objectionable clause.
For over two hours Mr. Beetem and the
committee discussed the matter together.
The discussion was conducted amicably,
but both sides remained firm.
At the conclusion of the meeting; Mr.
Beetem stated to the men that the com
pany would discharge none of its present
employes for belonging to the Amalga
mated Association of Street Railway Em
ployes ; that it would hear any grievances
of the men, and that it would deal entirely
with them, but that it was unalterably de
termined not to allow its employes to dic
tate to it in the matter under discussion.
The company believes that it will have
no trouble iii getting men to fill the strik
ers' places, and Mr. Beetem told tne com
mittee that within the past three days the
company had refused applications for situ
ations from 500 men.
KAISIXG THE FUNna.
Chicago's Effort to Get the Democratic
Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 2.— The work of
soliciting subscriptions to the fund which
will be necessary to bring the Democratic
National Convention to Chicago was begun
in earnest to-day by scores of men under
the direction oi the finance committee and
sub-committees. Encouraging success was
reported by Chairman Pearce. The con
vention-workert here were spurred to do
quick and hard work by a message from
benjamin J. Rosenthal, who is in New
FOUND ONLY IN CALIFORNIA.
I
I York to look over the fields, saying that
Chicago will have to make a big fight to
I get the convention from New York, as
! that city is ready to offer almost anything
ito beat Chicago. It is not believed here
i that the National Committee will enter
tain seriously any bid except from Chi
cago and New York. Pledges are being
I secured for Chicago from the committee.
KETCHAM HAS A RECORD.
Stealing Jewelry Wat A'ot the Greatest of
His Crimes.
CHICAGO, lil., Jan. 2.— Charles A.
Ketcham, alias Charles Hardin and Dick
WMlson, who was arrested under the last
name in Indianapolis for a jewelry rob
bery, is wanted by the police here for
passing numerous forged checks for small
sums. For years Ketcham lived here at
the home of his wife's mother, and nfter
he was acquitted of the ' $35,000 Adams
Express robbery he and his wife came
back to the mother-in-law's home on West
Congress street. Only three weeks ago his
wife visited the Pinkerton Uetective
Agency here and told Superintendent
Murray a story of hard times and declared
Ketcham had threatened to kill her if she
did not nelp him in his crimes.
federalj I'jtisoyEJts ESCAPE.
Thrme Indiana Make a Successful Jtash
for Liberttj.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Jan. 2.—
Three Federal Indian prisoners made
good their escape tnis afternoon, and up
to a late hour to-night had not been re
captured, though it is believed that they
will be landed within the prison walls
within the next twenty-four hours.
The prisoners were employed on the
bottom farm of the prison at the edge of
the woods, and all three made a dash for
liberty together, running like racehorses.
Tne guard fired after them, but did not
hit either of them so far as known. The
alarm was given at once and every avail
able man sent out mounted in pursuit,
but up to a late hour they had not been
caught.
TO PURCHASE THE ROAD.
Huntington Makes a Thorough
Inspection of the Monterey and
Mexican Gulf.
The Southern Pacific People Desirous
of Acquiring Another Line in
Mexico.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Jan. 2.— President
Huntington and other officials •of the
Southern Pacific Railroad accompanied by
General Manager Monom of the Monterey
and Mexican Gulf Railroad passed through
this city yesterday on an inspection of the
latter road, with a. view to its lease or pnr
chase by the Southern Pacific.
It is known that negotiations have been
in progress, for some time, the Southern
Pacific being desirous of acquiring another
Mexican line in connection with the Inter
national, which it already owns.
President Tresez of the Gulf line is now
in Belgium and it is said that he has
authorized Mr. Monom to close the deai
oh behalf of the Belgian bondholders.
A Southern Pacific agent, who was re
cently sent from New York to inspect the
Mexican line, made a favorable report to
President Huntington.
Saved by J.emonade. ■
LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan, 2.— Two weeks
ago W. H. Sistruck, a grocer here, read
that Judge J. D. Rose of Curryville, Mo.,
was dying of hiccoughs. Sistruck imme
diately telegraphed him to take lemonade
at intervals until be was relieved. Yester
day he received |1 to pay for the telegram.
Accompanying it- was a note from Judge
Ross saying that the receipt had saved his
life after three doctors had given him up.
Ulna lied at a Dance.
PRESCOTT, Kas., Jan. 2.— At a dance
last night John Messer, while intoxicated,
quarreled with Sydney Stauffer and fa
tally cut him with a razor. Messer then
stole a team and started for the Missouri
line. A Sheriff and several deputies are
on his trail, and if found he will be
lynched.
DISASTER AND DEATH
St. Louis Suffers From a
Series of Terrific Ex
plosions.
STARTED BY A BOILER.
Employes of Printing-Houses and
Allied Trades Caught in
the Ruins.
FIVE OF THE DEAD RECOVERED.
Nineteen Persons Seriously Injured
and Thirty-Five Others More
or Less Hurt. '.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.,|Jan. 2.— Just at 1 o'clock
this afternoon a series of terrific explosions
laid waste the vicinity of Second and Vine
streets, where printing-houses and allied
trades are numerous. Just after the clock
struck a boiler in George F. Meritz's print
ing-office basement, 808 North Third street,
across the alley from the storage and com
mission house of H. B. Grubb, exploded.
In the rear of the Grubb establishment a
large quantity of fireworks was stored, and.
a second explosion occurred, followed im
mediately by a third, that lifted the Grubb
building and dropped it in a mass of
wreckage.
The explosion caused general consterna
tion and every window for three blocks
was broken. A large plate-glass window
in the Merchants' Exchange, four blocks
away, was shattered and traders stam
peded. Nineteen persons were seriously
injured and at 6 o'clock five dead were
found. In addition to the list of injured
given thirty-five others were more or less
hurt. The H. B. Grubb Commission Com :
cany occupied the ground floor of 309
North Second street, and the Anchor Pea
nut Company the second and third floors.
Adjoining the wrecked building on the
south is the Levison & Blythe Printing
Company, where most of the injured were
employed. The north walls and two floors
went down. On the north is the Excelsior
Wire Company's building, also partly
wrecked. ■ Within a half minute the three
buildings were wrapped in flames and lhe
firemen and policemen began the work of
rescue. There were less than a dozen peo
ple in the wrecked building, which ac
counts for the small death list.
Following is a roll of the killed and in
jured, corrected at 6 o'clock this evening:
The dead — Joseph Kovarick, boy, em
ployed by Levison & Blythe; Frank Nie
haus, boy, employed by Levison & Blythe;
Charles Claybrook, colored porter for the
Anchor Peanut Company; two corpses,
taken from the basement of the Excelsior
Wire Company.
The missing — Chris Kerger, shipping
clerk Excelsior Company; Thomas Ley,
shipping clerk Excelsior Company; Al
Mellier, employe Excelsior Company;
Charles Erickson, employe Excelsior Com
pany.
The injured — Albert Steinmeyer, Doy,
employed by Levison <fe Blythe, legs
crushed and probably fatally hurt; Will
Brondiweder, porter, cuts on head, face
and body; Christ Craft, deep cut over right
eye; Horace Diort, pressman, face
smashed ; L. Diort, pressman, cuts on
head and face; John Corcoran, clerk,
severely injured about head ; Edgar Vance,
bookbinder, cut about head ; Ben Taylor,
shipping clerk, fatally hurt; Joseph
Brandewide, pressman, back strained ;
William Herner, printer, blinded by glass;
William Couleshaw, printer, neck and
breast pierced by glass, fatally injured;
Hugh Allen, printer, right arm broken;
Joe Corcoran, expressman, severely cut in
back; Albert Schneitz, fatally burned;
Henry Stack, driver, leg broken; Richard
Couleshaw, foreman Frey Printing Com
pany, hurt internally; John Carter, press
boy, eyes cut; Joe Barker, printer, shoul
der broken ; Charles Amos, letter-carrier,
blown from second-story window, badly
injured.
The full list of all the employes of the
four firms is not obtainable, and probably
the list of dead will be increased when the
ruins are overhauled. E. P. Lass, pro
prietor of the Excelsior Wire Company,
says he is quite sure five of his employes
did not escape from the building. The
work of examining the ruins is going on
to-night.
The total loss will exceed $100,000, which
is covered by insurance.
The police made as complete a canvass
as possible to-night of the city to ascer
tain the number of missing, and the re
sult is disheartening. The list has grown
to nineteen, though it is hoped some of
these are temporarily housed with friends.
The scene of the wrecK is the center of
much inquiry from the kindred of the miss
ing ones. They stand in the biting cold
and watch with tearful eyes the work of
the wreckers. Little work can be done to
night, but it will be continued till the de
bris is thoroughly searched. The explosion
•vas heard as far west as Twenty-third
street and also in East St. Louis, across the
river. It is now believed that many build
ings in the vicinity have been rendered
unsafe. A. cessation of business about the
wreck will be had until a thorough inspec
tion is made. . .
Some of the escapes from death seem
miraculous. James Kennedy, a printer,
perched for twenty minutes on the frame
of a third-story w indow, which fell just as
the ladder men reached him. John Mar
lowe was on the street in front of the
Grubb building and was hurled across the
street against a horse that had been killed
against the opposite wall. James Coula
shaw, one of the injured, was found under
the debris with a heavy beam supporting
the wreckage above him. A heavy tele-
graph pole fell across an express wagon
and killed the horse. John Carney, the
driver, escaped uninjured. These stories
of escape from death are almost innumer
able.
"The remarkable thing in this disaster,"
said Fire Chief Swingiey, Jl is that the
death roll is not at least fifty. Here are
three buildings in ruins, all the work of
an instant, and within those buildings at
least 300 people were at work." : •
At 7 o'clock the body of Albert. Mellier,
aged 18, was taken from the cellar of the
Excelsior "WorKs building. It is badly
burned.
As late as 8 o'clock groans were heard
in the wreck, and the police had difficulty
in restraining the anxious relatives of the
missing. • ■ . • .."•
The city dispensary was turned into a
temporary hospital and fully thirty slight
ly injured persons besides the list given
were treated there.; There are four bodies
at the Morgue, including, one not. yet
identified.
STABBED ON THE STAGE.
Actor Kellard Badly Wounded by the
Bayonet Thrust of Mrs. Leslie
Carter. ;.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 3.--Jqhn E.
Kellard and Mrs. Leslie Carter, the heroine,
in "The Heart of Maryland," are at the .
Herald-square Theater. In the first scene
of the third act Mr, Kellard attempted to
embrace Mrs. Carter, who seizes a-bayonet :
and stabs him in the right side. . .
Mr. Kellard wears a leather; shield to
protect his body, from the thrust. The
leather in some way became disarranged,
last night and when, at the. proper mo
ment, Mrs. Carter struck at Mr. Kiellard,
the bayonet slipped from the leather
shield and entered Mr. Keliard's left srde..
When he was struck the actor cried out
in painand fell. At this the.audience ap
plauded loudly, thinking the fall was
ctone'deliberately.; •■' ■ ■ v
Mr. Kellard lay in. the position in which'
he had fallen until the curtain was rung
down on the act, when he was carried to
his dressing-room by «onie of the em
ployes. : . ..*••'■■.
A doctor found that the bayonet bad
penetrated Mr. Kellard's body about two:
inches below the heart. The wound is not
serious.: Although somewhat weak, Mr.
Kellard appeared in the. last act. .. . • . -.]
PAID THE DEATH PENALTY
Execution of a Man Who Mur
dered the Woman to Whom
He Was Engaged.
"I Am Not Guilty," He Protested Just
■ Before the Trap Was : \
/'• • . Sprung. . : -\. v : -' '.'■'
•PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 2.-.Albert W.
Woodley was hanged at 10:49 6'clock this
morning in the County Jail forthe mur
der of Mrs. Jennie Buchanan.
At 10:45 o'clock the invited spectators,
not more than fifty in number, were ad
mitted to the jailyard. As soon as the
farewells were concluded at the cell door
Woodley was pinioned by Deputy Sheriff-
German, and the march to the scaffold was •
taken up. One minute after leaving the!
cell Woodley s-tood upon the trap and an
instant later he dropped through the open
ing. As the black cap was adjusted he ex
claimed : "I am not guilty."
Woodley killed Mrs. Buchanan at her
home, 45 Sturgeon street, Allegheny City,
May 9, 1894. He was engaged to be mar
ried to the woman. The life of the two,
bo far as known, had been felicitous, and
the cause of the murder was never known.
Woodley claimed that he was drunk when
he did the shooting;. Immediately after
Woodley killed his fiancee he shot himself,
but the wound inflicted was not serious.
July 12, 1894, Woodley was convicted; and
on October 27 of that year was sentenced
to be hanged. • ■■' _ "•'..- : .
A. Victim of Faith Cure.
DECATUR, Mich.,. Jan. 2.— The faith,
cure scored another victim yesterday, when:
Mrs. James Harris was borne to her grave
after an illness in which no physician was.
permitted to administer to her wants. De
ceased was a member of that peculiar sect
which flourishes in this region known as
the "Children of God," or "Saints of the
Evening Light." Two other members of
the family died under similar circum-
stances.
PRICE FIVE CENTOS.
MERCHANTS ACT
ON THE MESSAGE.
An Unwelcome Surprise to
the Commercial World
Ensues.
BUSINESS IS DERANGED.
The New York Chamber of
Commerce Renews Its Hope
for Arbitration.
COMMENT ON THE COMMISSION.
Important Discoveries Made Relating
to the Disputed Venezuelan
Territory,
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 2.— At the reg
ular monthly meeting of the Chamber of
Commerce held to-day, F. B, Tluirber,
chairman of the committee on foreign
commerce ami the revenue lawa, submit
ted a report on the Venezuelan question,
which says that the special message of
President Cleveland on the Venezuelan
question, suggesting war as a possible out
come of the pending correspondence in a
controversy in which the American people
can have no niore than a sentimental in
terest, came as a sudden and unwelcome
surprise to the commercial world, and that
the loss caused by the rude derangement
of business arid by the fall in value of
merchandise is painfully apparent:
The- chamber reiterates its repeated
declaration "in favor of arbitration" as a
reasonable method of settlement of inter
national disputes, and expresses its regret
that the Government of Great Briatain
has seen fit to dedine, or to limit tlie pro
positions which have heretofore been made
by Venezuela and courteously and wisely
re-enforced by our Government for the sub
mission of the boundary dispute to the de
cision of impartial arbitrators.
A resolution attached to the report ar*
peals to the countries to avert the calamity
of war by a resort, to arbitration.
The matter was warmly discussed by
the meeting.
Carl Schurz introduced a resolution to
the effect that the president of the Chamber
of Commerce appoint a sub-committee to
consult with the commercial bodies
throughout this country and England with
a view to appointing a joint committee
from both countries to settle the whole
Venezuelan question. ..
Mr. Tuurber changed his resolution so
that it did not read that the Monroe doc
trine was not indorsed by the people of
the United States "unanimously.'* The
resolutions were then put, including Mr.
Schurz's resolution, and carried, there be
ing only she dissenting votes.
: ' ' : •" T ♦ :' ' '. ■ . ' . '■'• ■ ■
H OME FA.VL.T IS . FOTTXI). - . .
Comment on the Men. Selected, on the
...'.' . Cotiitnig.a-iqn'. ■■ . •• .•■ '.
: WASHINGTON, D. 2.— The few
members of the House whO; were about the
Capitol to-day showed only the most lan
guid Interest in the President's Venezuelan
Commission. The principal regret ex
pressed was that the President had not
selected men of international reputation,
such as .ex- Ministers Phelps and Lincoln.
The. fact developed to-day that strong in
fluence was brought to bear on Secretary
Olney to create a commission of live per
isons, two of whom s.houkl be distinguished
foreigners and the remainder Americans
of equal prominence^ ••. ..
While the cojnmission does not give the
satisfaction that was expected, members
generally believe that it will perform its
duties as well as any other commission
that might be named, but the lack of any
greatname associated with it wiLJ, It is
felt, weaken the effect of its -work across
the Atlantic. ; ••••.•■'
Such of the Democratic Representatives
who were spoken with professed igno
rance of the capabilities of the majority of
the commission, but the opinion was gen
eral among them that the President had
made no mistakes. The five members of
the commission have not yet formally
notified .the President of .their acceptance,
but: Mr. Cleveland had received assurances
before the appointments were announced
that each of the gentlemen selected was
willing to. serve. :
The selection of Professor Gilman was
largely determined by his prominence as a
geographer. It is interesting to note that
Professor Gilman, in his "Life of Monroe,"
takes the ground that the idea embodied
in. the famous doctrine did not originate
with Canning, but was practically sug
gested many years before his titne.
Chief Justice Fuller: is largely responsi
ble for the selection of Justice .Brewer.
The Chief Justice had several talks with
the President and Secretary Olney on the
subject, and it is hot unlikely that his
opinion also had weight in the appoint
ment of Justice Alvevv. :"•
"I .must say I am rather disappointed
in the commission named by the Presi
dent to consider the Venezuelan matter,"
said Senator Cullom of Illinois this morn
ing. "The President has failed to desig
nate men who are; in my mind, of suf
ficient international reputation to give the
body, which they compose that standing
among foreign powers that would make
their findings of great weight and value.
Had the president seen fit to have selected
two out. of the trio composed of Senator
Edmunds, Mr. Phelps and Mr; Carter he
would have strengthened his commission
immeasurably. Still, lam sure all of the
men named are honest, capable and patri
otic, and will proceed with the great work
before them in a spirit that will result in
exact justice to all parties concerned."
..'■'• — '■ ♦ — *• — - • .■ '
• JV STICK BREWER* TIEWB.
Sai/a the Commission Will Soon Meet and
NEW YORK, X. V., Jaxi. 3.— The. Jour
nal this morning .prints a dispatch from
Washington over. the signature of. Justice
Davia J.- Brewer, w-no hiisr been appointed
a member of the 'Venezuelan*, boundary
commission, as follows.:''..;
| "Disptitches have been-' sent to all th«2
Other members of the commission, and all
have replied that they would be here by
Saturday with .tne exception of Andrew
D. White, who states that he will be un
able to attend until Tuesday. Whether
it will be deemed advisable to ask the
others to wait Until Tuesday before organ
izing I cannot suy until I have seen the
President, which I shall do in the morn
ing. I will say, however, that just as
soon as the members, of this commission
can be got together we will organize to
see what we have to do. .
"So far as I urn concerned it is an abso
lutely new question to me, and I don't
know how extensive an investigation will
be necessary, and I am of the opinion that
the other members are not any better in
formed at present. 1 ;don't know where
tne commission will sit, but I know it will
not be m the State Department building,
because there isno rborii for it. The Secre
tary of State told me this afternoon that
he had a gentleman looking for quarters
for us, but of course no one will be etn-
powered to select them until we have
effected some kind of organization."
COVI>ERI HILL ACCEPT.
Ready to Serve on the Teticzuelan Cotn-
tnisaion.
NEW i'ORK. N. ?,, Jan: 2.— Frederick
R, Coudert said to-day that he would act
as a member of the commission appointed.
by President Cleveland to inquire into the
rights of Great Britain and. of Venezuela
in the disputed South American territory.
Mr. Coudert does not believe it will be
necessary for the commission to go to Ven
ezuela as a body, as he believes they can
obtain access to all necessary documents
in this country, although some of them
are doubtless iv the possession of Spain
and Hollaad, .. . : .....
2IJ.TE -A IT.AI Ol -r.
• ; '■■'.- "" .•/ ■• , •: '. ■' •'.
Spine Information Given the Vnited
\ '■: ".. '■ States-Hind ICtujlatid. .; ■■..':■:■' ■:'.
. LONDON, Exg,,' Jan. — A special repre- "
sentative oi . the Daily Chronicle, who' is
now in Washington, cables ;to that paper
that he has obtained from: a. source which
he ia compelled : not to reveal the official.
unpublished correspondence exchanged by •
! Great Britain and Venezuela between No
vember, IS4QJ when Sir Robert Schomburg
• was appointed to delimitate the frontier of
British G.uiana, and April, 1542, when .Eng
land removed the. boundary posts set up
.by Robert Schomburg. ; Ht^l
]■ In October, 1841, Senor Eortiqae, Vene-
Euelan Minister to Great Britain, wrote to
Lord Aberdeen, Colonial Secretary of
State in the Cabinet of Sir Robert Peel-, re
ferring to Venezuela's proposal to conclude
• treaty on the boundaries and protesting
that bofore the proposal was answered a
sentry-box carrying a British flag had
been built oh the republic's territory.
. Senor. Fortique again urged that a bound
, ary treaty be entered upon.
Loid Aberdeen replied, that he had re
ceived Sir. Robert Schomburg's report
that he had planted boundary posts at
certain points ; in the country he had Eur
veyed, being fully aware that the demarca
. tion so made- was merely a preliminary
measure open to future discussion between
Great Britain and Venezuela. It did not
appear, however, that Sir = Robert Schom-
. v burg had left any buildings. : • .
. . . Senor Fortique replied that Sir 1 Robert
Schomburg : had ; planted at the mouth of
the Orinoco Rivei several : posts. He had
also raised the : British flag with much
show of force and performed other acts of
dominion in Venezuela, Extreme cour
tesy alone prevented Venezuela from forci
: bly expelling him from the Country. /
• After some delay Lord Aberdeen replied
to Senor. Fortique, confirming his pre
vious statement and adding that much
unnecessary inconvenience would rasult
: . from the removal of the : posts, as they
would afford the only tangible means by
which her Majesty's Government could be
prepared t6 aiscuss the question of bbun
• daries:.with: Venezuela. The posts were
erected for that express purpose, and not,
as the I Venezuelan Government appeared
■■ to apprehend, as an indication of dominion.
: -i In. the same dispatch Lord Aberdeen ex
pressed pleasure at • learning that the
• Governor of Guiana had assured the
Venezuelan emissaries that Great Britain
V had not occupied: Point Darima. .1 •
• In January, 1842, Senor Fortique again
!. wrote \:to reinsistuppn the removal, of the
posts. .' . -■■ ! • '___ ■ ; .
. ; Tire • Chronicle then quotes from the
second; note of Lord Salisbury r Secretary
. of State Olney the words: ; At the urgent
:'■ entreaty of the Venezuelan Government
these two posts 'Were afterward- removed,
; : as stated by Mr,' Olney, but this conces
sion was made on the distinct understand
ing that Great Britain did; not thereby in
any way .abandon . her claim to that
: position." ■-'.-•.•.-: ; . ■
.; The C-broniicle also quotes, from the two
documents in which this .discussion was
ruaee. : The first; document consists ot a
dispatch sent. in : March, 1542, by Henry
■'. Light, ; Governor of Guiana,, to Daniel
".. O'Leary, British Consul at Caracas, stating
that the Colonial Secretary had ordered
the Governor to remove : the landmarks.
The other document is a dispatch from
Mr. O'Leary to the Venezuelan Govern
ment containing the substance of Governor
liignt' a dispatch. ■ [ '■
The Chronicle remarks that nothing in
dicates the condition asserted by Lord
Salisbury ami adds: If the above docu
ments are genuine, and their source ex
cludes suspicion, the Schbmburg line is
proved worthless as;a basis of any terri
torial claim whatever. ■ ; ; :
Commenting editorially on the subject,
the Chronicle says:
"We are bound -to - say, assuming, as we
are bound to assume, the accuracy of our
representative's citations, that they vitiate
Lord Salisbury's second dispatch to Secre
tary Olney and render.it necessary for
•us to revise our whole view of the situa
tion. Clearly there can now be no question
regarding the Schomburg line aa a ramrod
thrust between Great Britain and Vene
zuela. In a word, England and the United
States have a way out. We look to the
etalesnren on both sides to enlarge upon
this information and escape from the ut
most peril." \
WA.B OJV CE COSCEDEIt.
Aix Arbitration Clause in the Treaty
Made With Ulaiico.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 2.— The
fctate Department is in a position to con
clusively prove the statement of to-day's
London. Chronicle, cabled by The United
Press, "that it has learned on the highest
authority that Earl Granville, in 1885, vir
tually concluded with Blanco a treaty
containing an arbitration clause covering
the Venezuelan international boundary
dispute,'' and that "the Marquis of Salis
bury, however, on coming into power later
in the same year, virtually canceled this
clause by limiting the provisions of the
treaty to commercial questions."
The Chronicle adds that nothing could
have befin more unfortunate, inasmuch as
the boundary dispute was on the eve of
permanent settlement.
The records which Venezuela had
already presented to the United States
Government before the administration had
taken such a firm stand in the matter with
Enp and leaves no doubt whatever on this
point.
General Guzman Blanco in 1885 negoti
ated with Earl Granville a treaty of amity,
commerce and navigation to supplant the
existing convention of 182 5 between Great
Britain and Venezuela.
The new treaty included three para
graphs providing for the arbitration of
any and all differences, and related par
ticularly to the boundary dispute. After
the treaty was fully concluded the Glad
stone Government was overthrown on
questions wholly disconnected from Vene
zuelan matters, which were conducted in
secret, and Lord Salisbury, succeeding
Earl Granville as Foreign Secretary, found
it incumbent upon himself to complete
the negotiations, which' he immediately
.proceeded to do by sending General Guz
man Blanco a note on July 27, absolutely
reversing Karl Granville'a action.
This throws an entirely new and unfav
orable light on a portion of Lord Salis
bury's retort to Secretary Olney in the lat
ter part of the Foreign Office dispatch of
November 26 last, in which he says: "Mr.
Olney is mistaken in supposing that in
LBB6 a treaty was practically agreed upon
containing a -general arbitration clause un
der which the parties might have sub
mitted the boundary dispute to the de
cision of a third power or of several pow
ers in amity with both.
''It is true that (.ieneral Guzman Blanco
proposed that the commercial treaty be
tween the two countries should contain a
clause of this nature, but in reference to
future disputes only."
Lord Salisbury deemed proper in this
dispatch to underscore the word "future,"
and it was printed in italics In the Foreign
Office official document. That there is an
equivocation in this statement can hardly
be doubted in connection with Salisbury's
own earlier letter to Guzman Blanco and
Earl Granville's notes.
OBJECT TO 3Ut. COUDERT.
Othertfise the rngliih Vapera Like the
. ■' . Cbin7Hla»ionera.
LONDON, EKG., Jan. 2.— The Daily
News, commenting on the appointment of
the Venezuelan Commission, will to-mor
row say that the nominations will com
mand general respect in England, where
public opinion will readily recog
nize a commission which diplomacy must
necessarily ignore. Its report cannot fail
to be instructive to both sides. During the
interval of the inquiry the jingoes of both
sides will confer the greatest benefit on
humanity Dy not making any noise.
The Morning Post will say: "None of
the members of the commission, except
Justice Brewer and the Hon. Andrew D,
White, has any claim to' occupy the gre3t
position assigned to him, while Frederick
R. Coudert, oh any principle of fair play
or common sense, is disqualified by his
public declarations. The position of the
gentlemen appointed is in complete har
mony with the overbearing language of
President Cleveland's Venezuelan mes
sace."
The Standard will comment on the ap
pointments in a sarcastic vein. It will
say: "It would not be right for English
men to criticize the gentlemen who have
consented to assist the President's studies
of political geography. If their names
command the confidence of the American
people that is all that can be expected or
desired, though we shall watch their
doings with curiosity and even respect.
That will be the beginning and end of our
interest."
The Chronicle will say that it must be
admitted that President Cleveland has
succeeded informing a body that is cal
culated to command respect.
The Times will say: "Excepting Mr.
Coudert, all that can be said for the nomi
nees is that while they are reputable and
may be absolutely fair-minded, they have
such weight as will not command for their
conclusions any recognition outside of the
United States.''
WILL MOT ARBITRATE.
Secretary Chamberlain Says One Story Is
. Unfounded.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 2.— ln regard to an
inquiry on the subject the Colonial Secre
tary, the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain,
stated that the report that the Govern
ment was disposed to arbitrate the ques
tion of the British Guiana boundary out
of deference to President Cleveland's
threats, was absolutely unfounded.
-FOtTJTD AT THE VATIC
Document* Jtelating to Catholic Missions
tn Venezuela.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 2.— Tbe representa
tive of The United Press learns that im
portant documents have been found in the
archives of the Vatican relating to Cath
olic missions in Venezuela. These docu
ments show that the missions within the
territory claimed by Great Britain wei-e
included in the diocese of Caracas prior to
Great Britain's acquiring Guiana.
MeAULIFFJE'S JiAl> ARM.
It Was Improperly Set and May Be
liroken Again.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 2.— Jack Mc-
Auliffe wanted to have his left arm brokeu
yesterday afternoon because it had been
improperly set after a fracture. Elaborate
preparations were made for the operation,
which was to have taken place in the
apartments of Dr. John Wilson Gibbs, at
the Hotel St. Andrews. Dr. Bainbrid"e
was called in consultation. When he got
there he found McAuliffe calmly smoking
a cigar and waiting for the "circus," as he
called it, to commence.
The injured arm was carefully examined.
The light-weight champion puffed away
vigorously at his cigar while the examina
tion was in progress. "Break it any way
you please," he said, "but don't use an ax
or. a crowbar. That might hurt." Dr.
Gibbs and Dr. JBainbridge concluded to
postpone the operation for thirty days.
It iuav happen that the arm will come
around all right without an operation. '
"If it shouldn't," Dr. Gibbs told McAu
liffe, "we will be able to lix it up as good
as new."
msw jork MIXING £XCJIAXGE.
How the Storks Will Jte listed in Three
liepartmotts.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 2.— The direc
tors of the New York Mining Exchange
have elected the officers of the exchange
as follows: Isham B. Porter, president;
W« Leslie Scryrnser, vice-president; Edwin
A. Beers, treasurer; Ogden I*. Bell, secre
tary, and John Gay, chairman.
The exchange will open about January
15 at 35 and 37 Broadway. There will be
three departments in which stocks will be
listed, known as "class A," which will
consist of dividend payers only; "class
B," producing mines and occasional divi
dend payers, and "class C," in which will
be placed prospects and mines requiring
capital to develop them. An information
bureau will be a feature of the exchange,
where the public may secure information
about the listed stocks. The officers state
that there will be about 100 stocks listed to
begin with.
Fire in a Bi a liuitdlnp.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 3.— The big fiv€
story flat building, occupying half a block,
at the corner of Sixty-second street and
Lexington avenue, was almost totally de
stroyed by fire early this morning. The
loss will be about $75,000. The building
was owned by W. G. Press, the Board of
Trade and real estate man, and was just
completed. A strong northwest wind
fanned the flames vigorously, and the fire
men had a difficult task in overcoming
them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
TO INSURE FAIRNESS.
Senator Chandler's Plan to
Prevent Railroad In
fluences.
CONTROL OF COMMERCE.
Many Reasons for the Proposed
Increase of Interstate Com
missioners.
ONE MAN FROM EACH STATE.
Salaries to Be Paid Members Only
During the Business Ses
sions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 2.— lf the
bill introduced by Senator Chandler on
Tuesday becomes a law California will
have a representative on the Interstate
Commerce Commission. Senator Chand
ler is thoroughly in earnest in support of
his bill, in which he proposes to enlarge
the Interstate Commerce Commission so
as to- make that body half the size of the
United States Senate.
"With all due respect to the Interstate
Commerce Commission," said he wtiile
talking of the bill to a Calj, correspond
ent, "it is impossible, I think, for any
commission of five men to stand up against
the pressure which the enormous railroad
influence, with its capital of $2,000,000,000,
is able to bring to bear against them. My
bill proposes to make the commission con
sist of one man from every State and have
the commission appoint a chairman and
four of its members as an executive com
mittee. That would really leave the pres
ent Interstate Commerce Commission's
executive committee witii working power
extending the year round, as it now has.
"My bill proposes to pay to the execu
tive committee the same salaries now paid
to the Interstate Commerce Commission.
It would thus really amount to adding to
the commission the advice and co-opera
tion of a body of men selected from every
Slate in the Union. This would make, if
the men were properly chosen, a body oi
men which could not be controlled by the
railroads. They might own a few of them,
and occasionally one might get ready to go
out of the commission and become a rail
ma<l corporation attorney, as Aldace V.
Walker did when he left the commission,
but certainly there would be more than a
majority who could be relied upon not to
be controlled by railroads.' ;
"You would not have the .entire com
mission constantly in session, then, Sen
ator"."'
"No, my bill provides that they shall
meet four times a year, and also provides
for their payment at the rate of $10 per
day during forty days in the year. This
would mean an average quarter of a session
of ten days in which they could advise and
co-uperate with the commission, thus
bringing to its aid the information and
judgment of men from every State who
would be fresh from the field of operation
of the railroads of thpir sections, and be
able to give the executive committee,
which would be the real working part of
the commission, very valuable assistance."
Just then Senator Elkins, who is a heavy
owner in railroads, came along and listened
a moment with a smile to Senator Chand
ler's reriiarks.
"Come on. Chandler," he said; "let's go
down and have some lunch."
"Wait till 1 finish telling the newspapers
how I am going to circumvent you rail
road fellows with a commission half the
size of the Senate," said Senator Chandler,
with a sly twinkle of the eye.
"Yes," said Elkins, smilingly, "and you
have your pocket full of passes now, I
warrant."
"Not a pass," eaid Senator Chandler.
"I haven't had one for twelve years."
"Then come along and I will give you
one new," said Elkins as they turned away
toward the restaurant.
Senator Chandler's bill provides that all
power and authority conferred by law
upon the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion at present shall be held and exer
cised by the enlarged commission, and
when said commission is not in session
the executive committee^hall hold and ex
ercise such power and perform such duties
with the same force and effect as if the
commission were in session.
The members of the commission are to
be paid $10 per day when the commission
is in session and their actual traveling ex
penses, with an allowance of $3 per day for
subsistence, the total number of days of
the session not to exceed forty per annum.
The chairman, secretary and members of
the executive committee are to receive in
lieu of per diem allowance the salaries pro
vided by law for members ana officers of
the present commission. All members of
the commission are to be appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate,
but it remains in the power of the forty
five commissioners themselves to deter
mine the membership of the executive com
mittee, which would be really the commis
sion itself, in most cases.
OF IXZEREST TO THE COAST.
Some legislation J'repared by Represen
tative Johnson.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 2.—Repre
sentative Johnson of California will to
morrow introduce the following bills: Ap
propriating $5000 for the closing of artificial
sloughs between Hills Ferry and Fire
baugh, on the San Joaquin River; appro
priating $2175 32 to pay Sacramento city
for improving Seventh and X streets and
Oak avenue, adjoining the United States
postollice in Sacramento; a bill to remove
a charge of desertion against Franz S.
Zoller, a late private.
Pensions have been granted a« follows:
California: Additional — Andrew T.
Shanks. Santa Monica; EliN. Underwood
Valleio: Franklin N. Hayden, Callahan'
Original widows, etc.— Belle M. Fulton,
Los Angeles; Nannie McGrew, San Fran
cisco; Mary Ann Roy. Vallejo. Restora
tion and supplemental— Minors of John
Robker, Pomona. Mexican War survivor
— Alvis Bergler, San Jose.
Washington: Original— George W.Olney
Thorp. Original widow— Mary Doweli
Slaughter, Goldendaie.
Sawyer Gett a Clerlcship.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 2—Frank
H. Sawyer, a former newspaper man of
San Francisco, has been appointed clerk
to the Committee on Mississippi River
Improvement, of which Senator Perkins is
chairman.
For Coast Defenaet.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 2.— Senator
Squire has calied the attention of the Com
mittee on Coast Defenses for to-morrow to
consider his bill on fortification* and
coast defenses. General Craighill, chief of
engineers, U. S. A. ; General Flagler, chief
of oranance, and General Miles, com
manding the army, are ready to make
statements to the committee showing the
necessity of immediate and energetic
action by the Government.
CLEVELAND'S STATE BI.V.V£«.
Jt Inaugurated the Social Gayeties of the
Winter.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 2.— The
President gave his first state dinner of the
season to-night, thus inaugurating the
social gayeties of the winter. The dinner,
in its official sense, was a dinner to the
members of the Cabinet, but the guests in
cluded several others well known in offi
cial social circles.
Following is a full list of those present
at this State function: President and Mrs.
Cleveland, Vice-President Stevenson, Sec
retary of State and Mrs. Olney, Secretary
of the Treasury and Mrs. Carlisle, Secre
tary of War and Mrs. Lamont, Attorney-
General and Mrs. Harmon, Postmaster
General and Mrs. "Wilson, Secretary of the
>-avyand Miss Herbert, Secretary of the
Interior Smith, Secretary of Agriculture
and Miss Morton, Speaker Reed, Senator
and Mrs. Morrill, Senator and Mrs. Haw
ley, Senator and Mrs. Palmer, Senator and
Mrs. Brice, Representative and Mrs. Catch
ings, Mrs. J. T. Woodward, Mrs. Charles
S. Fairchild, Edward R. Bacon, Mr. and
Mrs. John A.Stewart, Frank Thompson,
Miss Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. John S.
Kennedy, Mrs. Minot, Miss Boardman,
Miss Frances Walker, Mr. and Mrs. John
D.^Henderson and Mrs. Micou.
The parlors and stateroom of the execu
tive mansion were as usual resplendent
with tasteful floral and artistic decorations
and the electric light display formed no
small part of the pleasing spectacle.
FINANCES OF THE NATION.
During the Past Month There
Was a Decrease in the
Public Debt.
There Has Been a Lopping Off of
Expenditures, Particularly in
the Navy.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 2.-The
debt statement issued this afternoon shows
a n^t decrease in the public debt, less cash
in the treasury during December, of $1,
--179,343 80. The interest-bearing debt is un
changed. The non-interest-bearing debt
decreased $553,535 50, and cash in the
treasury increased $020,814 30. The bal
ance of several classes of debt at the close
of business December 31 was: Interest
bearing debt, $747,361,960; debt on whicli
interest has ceased since maturity, $1,074,
--510 22; debt bearing no interest, $376,288,
--992 14; total, $1,125,321,482 40. The certi.ii
cates and treasury notes offset by an equal
amount of cash in the treasury outstand
ing at the end of the month were: $505,
--023,673, a decrease of $14,964,000. The total
cash in the treasury was $787,578,447 62.
The gold reserve was $63,262,268. Net cash
balance, $114,764,932 92.
During the month there was a decrease
in gold coin and bars of $16,369,23765, the
total at tiie close being (118,198,706 07, Of
silver there was a decrease of $704,186 95.
01 the surplus there was in National bank
depositories $14, 271, '-' BO 23, against $14,418,
--808 53 at the end of the prpceding month.
The treasury othcial statement of receipts
and expenditures were issued to-day. The
receipts for December were $26,288,937. and
the expenditures $25,814,317, showing a
surplus for the month of $474,020. For the
first six months of the fiscal year the re
ceipts were $167, 508,053, and the expendi
tures $182,902,760. making the deficit $15,
--393,707. As compared with the last fiscal
year at the same period, customs receipts
show an increapeof $13,000.000, and internal
revenue receipts a decrease of $0,000,000.
Expenditures show a decrease for the
same period of $4,000,000, of which $1,000,
--000 is in pensions and $3,000,000 in navy
establishment. The war expenditures
have increased $1,000,000, and the interest
account nearly $3,000,000, while the civil
expenditures have decreased $5,000,000.
Other items show slight changes making
up the difference.
CONSIDERED MOXTAXA RATES.
Meeting of the Western Pattenger Agent*
at Omaha.
OMAHA. Neck., Jan. 2. -The Western
Passenger Association was in session
to-day in the oflice of E. L. Lornax, general
passenger agent of the Union Pacific. It
dealt with Montana rates, which have been
demoralized for some time. The general
passenger agents present were: John Se
bastian, JJock Island; George C.Nichol
son, Santa Fe; F. I. Whitney, Great
j Northern; A. I* Craig, North fern Pacific;
J. Francis and Assistant Burling
ton; J. R. Buchanan and Assistant Mann,
Elk Horn; K. L. Lomax, Chief Clerk Mur
ray, Union Pacific, and Chairman Cald
well.
The day was taken up by the members
in the discussion of tickets for continuous
passage from Montana to Missouri River
points. Previous to December 1 last tick
ets were sold for a stopover, and the re
sult was that many of the tickets fell into
the hands of brokers. It is to obviate this
that the meeting was called. With the
Ist of December tickets good for continu
ous passage were placed on sale, and the
outcome of the meeting to-day will be to
order this class of tickets alone sold, and
not those good for a stopover.
SUSPECTJZM Oh' MUJtIiER.
A J>ru 0 CUrk Who U Accu.td of Killing
11' in Vnclr and Aunt.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 2.— Max Bach,
a drug clerk, was arrested in Brooklyn last
nieht on complaint of the Florida authori
ties. They had reason to suspect that he
was the murderer of his uncle and aunt,.
Gustavus and Mrs. Droishagan of Lawty,
Bradford County.
The Droishagans had money saved and
property worth about $25,000. Bach was
their heir. One day he offended tne old
man and he cut Bach's name out el the
will. He was seen about the house on
June 21, 18»2, ana two hours later the old
people were found dead. Droishagan had
Deen shut in the back of the head and hia
wife through the eye. All the cash in the
house, $900, was gone. The envelope in
which the will had Deen kept was found on
the floor, but the will was gone.
Horseman Italy Married.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan 3.-William O.
Daly, the horseman, best known as
"Father Bill" Daly, was married to Miss
Ellen O'Mahoney in Brooklyn Wednesday
afternoon. Miss O'Mahoney was for seve
ral years in the cloak department of a de
partment-store in Brooklyn. She is 25
years of age. Her father died several years
aaro and left to his two daughters over
$20,000, with the provision that they could
not use the money until they were married.
Failure of Stationer*.
DES MOINES, low\, Jan. 2.— The Lath
rop Rhoades Company, wholesale and re
tail stationers and book-sellers, gave a
chattel mortgage to-day to Richard T.
Wellslager, trustee, for $20,000 to secure
himself, the Polk County Savings Bank,
Dcs Moines National Bank, J. M. Jennings
and the First Nationaj Bank of Lyons,
lowa. Unsecured liabilities are estimated
at $30,000; nominal assets are $100,000.
The failure results from the refusal of the
banks to eitena further accommodations.
MAKE NO PROGRESS
Meeting of the Finance
Committee of the
Senate.
BOND BILL CONSIDERED,
Silver Men Know Their Power
and Are Determined to
Exercise It.
PREPARING A SUBSTITUTE.
This to Provide for Opening the
Mints to Free and Unlim
ited Coinage.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 2.— But lit
tle progress was made in the Senate Com
mittee on Finance to-day toward an agree
ment on the House bond bill. No vote of
any kind was taken, nor did the silver
men, who are in the majority on the com
mittee, submit any definite proposition.
There was a great deal of informal dis
cussion, during which the absolute and
undeniable fact was demonstrated that the
silver men know their power, and propose
to exercise it.
The diicussion was at times quite heated,
especially when Sherman was accused by
some of his silver colleagues with, seeking
to retire the greenbacks, although he haa,
they said, up to the day he introduced his
resolution in the Senate been strongly in
favor of keeping those notes in constant
circulation.
Sherman, it is understood, denied that
he was in favor of cancellation of the
greenbacks, and asserted that such Sen
ators as understood his position in that
light evidently did not understand the
purport of the resolution he had intro
duced.
Recess until to-morrow morning was
taken.
Immediately after the adjournment the
Democrats, together with Jones (Pop.) of
Nevada, held a conference and discussed
the terms of a bill which they offer as a
substitute.
Jones of Arkansas was appointed as a
sub-committee to draw the bill and pre
sent it to the silver men before the meet
ing of the committee to-morrow morning.
This substitute, it is believed, provides
for legislation that will open the United
States ruints to the free and unlimited
coinage of both gold and silver at the
ratio of 18 to 1 and the issue of
the certificates thereon in the man
ner now provided by law, withdraw
from circulation all National bank notes
of denominations of less than $10 and the
substitution therefor of notes of $10 or
more; directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to coin the bullion in the treasury
purchased under the Sherman act into
standard silver dollars; directing the Sec
retary of the Treasury to redeem green
backs in either silver or gold or both as
the condition of the treasury may require,
and -when so redeemed requiring them to
be reissued.
REGAHOJCU AS SIGXIFICANT.
Three Jiond Syndicate Men at the Presi-
dent* Dinner.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 2. —The
presence in the city to-night of J. A. Stew
art, J. T. Woodward and E. K. Bacon of
Now York, the two former of whom were
prominent in the last bond syndicate, is
regarded as significant. All three were
guests of the President to-night at the first
official dinner of the season.
KITj'LJEn FOII TEASIXQ.
Two Youths Shot Down by a Lad They
Were Tormenting.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 2.— A Recorder
special from Palatku, Fla., says : A tragedy
that darkened three homes was enacted
here yesterday, when Ramon Pacetti, aged
12, shot Hurry Keller and James Thomp
son, ageu 16 and 13 respectively.
The boys, with several others, were play
ing together, when Keller and Thompson
began to tease Pacetti. The latter asked Kel
ler and Thompson to let him alone. They
persisted, however, and Pacetti, remarking
"I'll make you quit," went to his home
across tne street. He soon returned with
a pis f ol and opened lire on his tormentors.
The first bullet struck Thompson in the
abdomen and the second went through
Keller's arm. Pacetti was in the act of
firing again at Thompson, who was pros
trate, when he was caught by Mr. Wilson,
who had been attracted by the shots.
Thompson's wound is mortal. Pacetti has
been arrested. He expresses no regret for
his deed, saying, "the boya ought not to
have teased me."
SHOT BY A POLICE JUDGE.
Two Chicago Garrotera Met More Than
Their Match.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 2.— While Justice
Jarvis Blume of the West Chicago-avenue
police station was passing under the Alley
L structure at Thirteenth street at 1:30
o'clock this morning, in company with his
daughter, he was stopped by two men.
One of the robbers threw his arms about
the Justice's neck, but the latter drew a
revolver and shot and fatally wounded the
robber, who died within twenty minutes.
The dead robber's companion ran away,
and the Justice fired after him, but none
of the bullets took effect, so far as is
known.
Drank a Fatal I'otion.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 2.-Police
man Paul Gerzwiski welcomed the advent
of the new year by taking a long pull out
of a black bottle, and half an hour later he
was a dead man. John Lukowitz, father
in-law of Gerzwiski, also drank to the new
year out of the same bottle and is now
close to death, but may recover. The men
supposed the bottle contained whisky, but
it proved to be chloride of zinc, a rfeadly
poison.
stole the Harm * Gems.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 2.— Acting
Captain O'Brien has succeeded in connect
ing the two negroes and the young white
woman arrested by his detectives Tuesday
night with the robbery of Mrs. Barnes'
diamonds. Two diamonds found in their
possession have been positively identified
as jewels stolen from Mrs. Barnes, whose
flat was recently entered by burglars and
$7000 worth oi diamonds and jewelry
stolen.
A- Very Cold Wave.
OMAHA, Nebb., Jan. 2.— A severe cold
wave rushed upon this section last night,
the mercury falling fifty degrees in a few
hours. Fierce winds have Deen blowing
all day and there is zero weather all over
the State to-night.
Am Entire Block Burned.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla., Jan. 2.—
Fire this afternoon destroyed half the
business portion af the town. The rire
started at 1:30 o'clock in Hewlett's- saloon
and restaurant building on Banyon street,
and before it could be checked the entire
block, including the Seminole Hotel,
valued at $25,000, was burned. Several per
sons were badly injured by the explosion,
of dynamite to save other buildings. The
loss is estimated at about $250,000.
AT THE COLORADO MIXES.
An Explosion ofl/j/nainUe Caused Con*
• aiderable. Damage. :
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Jan. 2.— in
the 100- foot level of the Ingram. mine, ad
joining the rich Doctor, a. strike of silvan
ite ore is reported that runs $5000 to j£h"e
ton. • .- '.. ' ' :'■•, i:' '
J. J. Smith has sold to Mesdames De
mond and Schlessinger the Perhaps claim,
a fraction of six acres, for $iooo. Both
these women have made successful mining
investments. ■_ - * . ' ■ " ; :
George W. McKee was on his way up the
shaft in the Orphan Belle mine yesterday,
when a lot of dynamite left in the shaft
house for the purpose of thawing out be.
came overheated and exploded. .;
The engineer had presence of mind
enough to turn the windlass loose and let
McKee down. The whole sbaflhouse, ma-,
cninery, etc., were blown into atoms. An-,
other peculiar thing was that the engineer,
named Walcott, escaped from the wreck
age and debris without a scratch.
The claim-jumping going oil yesterday
and last night resulted in no trouble. .A
large number of claims were jumped and
equally as many had the required work
done at the last'moment and saved their
claims. . ■ I •;
THE SHOOTIXt* AT VIKTOR.
Evidence That Ferguson Killed Smith In
Self- Defense.
COLORADO SPRINGS, C 010.,. Jan. 2.—
Coroner Marlow returned from Victor this
morning, where he was investigating the
deaths of George Smith, manager of the.
Union Theater, and Thomas Pasco, one of
the spectators of the variety show.
The story as brought out* at the Coro
ner's inquest differs somewhat from that
given publicity yesterday, in that Pasco is
is now found to have been only a spectator
and not a participant in the fight. With
out doubt bad blood had existed between
Ferguson, who. had been a deputy mar
shal, and Smith. The verdict was that
Ferguson acted in self-defense in firing the
shot that killed Smith, and that Pasco re
ceived his death wound from an unknown
hand.
WILL FOUND A COLONY.
Mr. Smythe Proposes to Bring
Many Settlers to Cali
fornia.
Suitable Lands to Be Provided at
Ashurst, in the Sacra
mento Valley.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 2.-A scheme
contemplating the formation of a colony
from New York and other cities and its
planting in California was broached here
to-night by "William E. Smythe of Chicago.
Smythe is a specialist on irrigation. He
was the leader in the movement which led
to the formation of several irrigation con
gresses held in the far West during the.
past fl ye years.
Mr. Smythe last year was interested in
forming the New Plymouth colony in
Idaho. This year he is promoting the col
ony of Ashurst. This is to be located on
the Ashurst ranch, which is in the Sacra
mento Valley, opposite Vina, the country
seat of the late Senator Stanford.
Smythe lectured on the scheme to-night.
The speaker said his idea was to give to
dweller? in large cities a chance to find a
home where they might have a good aver
age living and would be able to bring up
their children under good conditions. The
colony was to be. founded at Ashnratdn
the plan adopted by other colonies in the
West. Farm lands were to be sold at $S5
per acre, $20 of that amount to go into the
fund for improvement, which would be in
the direction of establishing a creamery,
cannery and other necessary institutions.
The colony is to be started on the farm
village plan. The purchaser of twenty
acres of farming land would have one
acre of land in the village, and propor
tionately, more or less, according to the
amount of his purchase. Smythe said he
had reached that conclusion after study
ing the subject, particularly among the
Mormons, whose style of farming was all
along that line. He gave examples of pros
perity that bad come to Mormon colonies
and to the colony of Greeley, Colo., to il
lustrate the benefits of the co-operative
plan. His idea is that much money can
bo made by men from cities who will take
ten and twenty acre irrigation farms and
raise vegetables and poultry and make
butter. These things are now lareely im
ported into California because most of
those who have gone to the land of sun
shine have taken to raising fruit.
THamiased From the J'nutorate.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 2.— a church
council neld at the North-avenue Congre
gational Church in Cambridge to-night
formally dismissed from the pastorate of
that church Rev. Frank Hoytt Smith, who
was recently arrested in Denver and
brought here for trial for sending objec
tionable matter through the. mails, and
subsequently committed to the Govern
ment Insane Asylum at Washington.
Greenhnlge 2naugurat«a.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 2.-Governor
Green halge was inaugurated at noon to
day before the Legislature, which met in
joint session. The oath of office was ad
ministered by President Lawrin of the
Senate, and after the proclamation had
been made by Secretary of State Olin, Gov
ernor Greenhalge delivered his inaugural
address to the Legislature.
Exposure
To a contagious disease does not mean con-
tracting that disease, if you have strength
and vigor to repel it. Strength and vilor
are given and safety to health is insured by
Sarsaparilia
The One True Blood Purifier. $1 ; 6 for IS.
Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., LoweU, .Mass.
HOOd'S Pills are gentle, lailti, eflec-
" wu ° I*IIS1 * IIS tive. All druggist* ,25c.
Wilt's Ittiian YeptaWe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
1 /-^-- HEADACHE, GIBDIKESS, CONSTIPA-
pugry-t T h°e r P^. iVer Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. '. . »••••«•
Grossman's SDecinc MfiTSfe
- w , ltn . this remedy persona can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that Is of the least Injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggtat tor it. Price *1 a
bottle.
PERISHED IN FLAMES
Six Deaths the Result of
a Most Mysterious
Fire/
ATTRIBtJTEI) TO GAS
It Is Believed That the Confla
gration Was Caused by
an Explosion.
ALL THE VICTIMS IN ONE ROOM.
Members of a Family Were Sleeping
When Overcome by the
Gas.
COLDMByS, Ohio, JaVt. 2. — Six deaths
are the result of a mysterious fire, that
occurred at 4>.30 o'clock this rnorain^'at
. the residence of John H.;Hibbard. at 1388
•East Long street. ."■••:-' ■-'::"'' ■■■}?.i >%
The dead areV John H. Hibbard, ' Mr
John Hibbawt; Mts...Gji«rlea Lee, Miss Fa •-
Hibbard, Doiinh-y Hibbardand Alien ililj
burd. ■.;. ;';;-.;.■■ : 'i'"V - - •■'• u .:'.:'-:c
'■ Mrs. Lee and Misa Hibbard of .iiarhesr
villeare sistjsfs of .MV.;ii : ib'bard'ii»ct wens
spending .the holiday :> with: their brother. ;
Besides these: imfot.ii'utvate ' people there .
were in the h.6use.at tlVe'.iime Annie Be.H,
■ a ..servant;' an£- four, other chlldrea
of the Hibbard family, ages rani^-l '
from 8 to 14 .year?.' . All'eicaped by-jtirup-.
ing from the gecond-story window. I . i ■:. :: \
. Annie Bell suffered : fractures of. the.
ankle. Walter Hibbard sprained . unn (if;
his ankles and the others were not bttr**:
• . 'The house is. a large ..modern fram ..
two stories and attic.'. It was heated witu .
natural pas .by means of furnac^: The
tire probably resulted from an explosion of
natural gas, though the facts as to the
origin will probaofy never be known. ' .
■ hen the air . was. sufficiently charge. l
with it it was ignited. fn>m -a burniii.- gas
jet. There does not seem ■to have b?f a
much explosive- ■ force,, bdwever,,:. as • the
walls" were not shattered in the least. \
■ Ail the' bodies -were found in the sam*
room. They had evidently been awakened
and ran there to escape and were suffo
cated. The bodies were all terribly burne I.
A neighbor, who was. awakened by t: 8
screams of Annie Bell, called oat the fire
department. It was the work of but a f'-v,
minutes to extinguish the flames.
Hibbard was a well-known bu^inrss
man, and was secretary and manager pi
the Central Ohio. Several plumbers who
have examined the premises deny that
the fire resulted from a natural gag ex
plosion, but there seems to be no other ex
planation of it. • • ''.'.."■
: NEW TO-DAY. '. :'"'■ '■: '.
'■■■ . "When I get bi^" etc. .- '
There are not so many . stout men tt-.at "\
every clothier can afford to carry a gqpdiv
variety of extra sizes; that's left to the .
best store. •'.,■;• ' •'/'•• ; ."
Perfect,, dressy tit— 100 pounds or 400...
Not even on the special size men. shall '
the high-price tailors perpetrate their
"art." "Cheap" tailors' are harmless-
special size men have too much experi-
ence. : •- ■- . .;",'• -'• "
Suits, $10 and Tip.
Qfi£o<)-d<ffixxt
"How to mpasure -'yoiirself"— samples ■
and catalogue— free by mail; • .. , '. . ':■■
\ ''.'.".•■*' - * ■ • ' *
f ■ _ . * . IRON BEDS,
p?-. .Jt '■** . ; BRASS BEDS.
f . FOLDING BEDS,
Wire and Ilair.Mat-
: : : . tresseaj'tt eel i n I n c
Hll 111 .' .. -. Chairs. Wheel Ob*jrt, .
|| ffntfllf ■ fonitootlss.Back Kfs'.s
' Jljll \ |[| I W. A. SCHHQCK,
oias:: ■*-■ iMa ■ •
— . "\^ - • ~ _l: >ew Jlonteoniery
St. . liml.-i lirand; .
■_ ' Hotel. S. F. \ :■ \ ■
DR.WOXGWOO s^^
Chinese Drue* • jK^*^*>«^a«
and 'lea and Herb mr '■ SE&
770 Sanitarium, JEf jCt" W'
776 tXAT STREKT, Hk xgv W
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, BSj e5- «T.
San i-'ranclsco. W"i -Ms* /m
1 liuvi; been troubled MA .w • fjf
for two ' years with in- &Bfe»\ -v *i
ilamtiiution Of 'the lun-.-|r Hi L » ■ / ■'. A
atul I i-.trt disease, and l^^^V J ' _i
was unable to find r»> h-Sf- >^S
lief by . iiny physician. ■t^HhM^lSr^^H
I was treated for threr ■ RSf jp^*«a|
weeks by Dr. Won? Woo |Vwßf2S2jf3*^<»s'? '•
and perfectly restored to SfflgS SwiaiwßßfiSl
health. JOHN TtKt;i r. wmrmvatsaVjMWßmim
Six Mile House, Mission Itoad. ' '.'»
Baja California • '.'
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerrol aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
der. A great'Bestoratlve, Invigoratorand Nervine.
Sells on its own aiertts— no long-winaed testi-
monials necessary. • ".'■•*:
KABEK, AI.FB & BBUJiE, Agents,
323 Market St., S. r.-(s=ejd for C'trcujar.)
•^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
j| ftot Ml(>2sKEAßN'rsf. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(iL'-"»KEAB.\YSt. Established
in ISS4 lor the treatmentof I'm at*
JMiAy.sjK Diseases. Lost Manhnod. Debllltv or
CaßgWHg disease wearing on bodyandmlndand '
BWln Dlieasvs- I'hedoctorcui-eswben
others fall. Try him. Charraslow
TJS^pHPS^fS^ (urf.ruamntfrtl. CallorwritV ■
Pr.J. F. HlMOrf, BOX l»»T.8to i^ranci" -0!
nniIOUCO FOB BARBERS*, BAK
KHISnHt > l^v n ' bootblacks, bat*
OlsUwlikVhoaaea, .billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy.makem, canners, "
dyera, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
haocors, printers, painters, shoe factories, st*bl*
■en. tar roofers, tannen, tailor*, etc . • -
-"•.. BUCHANAN BROS.,
Manufacturert, 609S»oram«nt«3t4 .EVOKED BY SHERMAN
The Senator's Recollections
■ Bring Political History
to Light.
STORY OF A CONVENTION.
Elkins of West Virginia Tells
' How the Blame Forces Were
Marshaled.
GOVERNOR FORAKER'S STAND.
Harrison's Nomination Was Not the
Result of a Bargain of Any
Kind.
•-" NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 2.— The dis
cussion evoked by the publication of Sena
. tor Sherman's recollections is bringing to
light a great deal of political history, some
of which is of extraordinary interest ana
importance.
. A complete history of the convention
which nominated Harrison has not
been written. A great many salient facts
. about it have been related within the past
"-few, days.- Senator Elkins of West Vir
ginia, in an interview in Washington re
. cently, said that he was Mr. Blame's per
sonal representative in the convention of
V lBsB.' and was in frequent communication
villi him by cable. He, and he alone,
possessed the cipher code of which they
made use.
... '-The Blame forces: In the convention of
. ' 1SS8.;" said Mr. Elkin-s, "were compact and
•: r efficiently organic The nomination of
: General Harrison wjs not the result of a
bargain of any kind, as Senator Sherman
.has perhaps been ed to believe. It grew
. '= : naturally out of' the situation and was in
. evitable. Many of. the Blame men wanted
'vto go to . Guvernor Foraker. In the excite
;. ment incident to continued refusal of
. .Mr. Blame to allow his name to be placed
/•'before : he convention from the time of its
••'• adjournment Saturday until Monday,
there wis considerable discussion as to the
'.-: candidates and who would be named. A
7> great many Blame -m-en and others dis
. cus<ed the name of F'oraker, on the ground
• that he could perhaps. have the entire vote
"of Ohio in case it broke away from Sner
.. man. This went so far that some of Mr.
" ■ Blame's friends who we're very friendly to
Foraker and admirers of- his urged him to
:• become a candidate. Governor Foraker
.not only said once, but often, that under
-."": no circumstances would he permit his
v name to be used in connection with tne
/Presidency -so long as the name of. Senator
'■• v man. was before the convention."
: ; -To-day. .a representative of the United
Press had a talk with the Hon. Samuel
enden about the convention of 1888.
.Mr. Fessenden is the Connecticut member
• of the. Republican National • Committee,
. and has been for a number of years. He
1 has been cne of the leading spirits in the
last three : Republican National conven
.. tions. . He said: B>_P
•';•-. "I remember -perfectly the incident to
•'_- Which Senator Elkins refers! Mr. Blame
..had finally declined.: His determination
could not be shaken. : We were at sea, and
: casting about for someone else. We had
discussed a number of the leaders of the
.part}-, and several of ns, who were very
;-;' active Blame men, came to the conclusion
; that we could unite most effectively upon
V.a newer and a younger man than any of
.; tuose who had been formally named as a
..candidate! Foraker of Ohio had, by his
 presence, his oratory,' his earnestness
.-and his . magnetism^ made • a powerful
:-: impression upon the convention. It seemed
: to me and many of my friends that he
f ;> as.the man to go to. I discussed the
; : matter with Mr. Elkins and others. About
2 o'clock on Monday morning we : were
. /taken to the room of Governor Foraker by
: ;> Kurtz, a delegate from Ohio, whom we
: r- asked to conduct us. We found that For
aker had gone to bed. After some delay
': we were admitted rather reluctantly to his
: \ bedside. We sat down on the bed beside
him and told him that we had come at an
important moment and upon important
business, and we: desired his earnest atten
tion while we stated the case.
'•We then went oyer the ground fully
. and showed him that the Blame following
controlled the convention, and assured
.him that if he would consent to become a
candidate we could secure more than 500
.votes. We told him that Blame was out
of the race and that the majority of his
friends seemed ;m6re disposed to support
him than any one. else. We made it very
clear to him that if he would consent to
bacome a candidate be could: be nominated
without fail and; without difficulty on the
first or second ballot Monday. -. '..'■'■
.."We assured Governor Foraker that we'
: . desired no pledges or. promises from him
respecting policies or patronage, and that i
' we.only wanted 'him to agree not to get :
up and decline the nomination after the i
convention bad-made him its candidate.
'..'• Mr. foraker, without hesitation, skid
.. firmly and emphatically: 'I thank you,
... gentlemen, with all my feeart ; . but I could
not accept the nomination if it came : to
me unless Mr. Sherman first withdrew and
asked me to become 'a candidate. I feel.
sure he will not do that. I came here to I
try to nominate him, and cannot consider
the proposition to become a candidate. I
will stand by him.'
'I then tried,:' continued "Mr. Fessen- j
den, "to convince him that the situation j
was beyond his control. : I called attention I
to the fact that Garfield had accepted the i
nomination after, it was plain that Mr. j
Sherman could -not be nominated. Gov
ernor Foraker answered: quick as a flash,
'I can prevent my nomination, and I will.
H Is not too late, and I do Dot wish .to be |
put: into the position which Garfield was 1
■ put in.' : * :
"This- closed the interview with Foraker, '
and the lines were, at once closed up for '
Harrison, and he was. nominated easily
and promptly, just as.Foraker would have
been had he chosen to become a candidate
himself." = . '■.
This, is ] a hitherto unrelated incident of
.the inside history of the Republican Na
tional Convention of 1888, and it ought to
.set at.. rest forever the charge made
•that Governor Foraker was : disloyal to
Senator Sherman upon that occasion. •
forJkeji. Wil.L JCOT TALK.
Too Busy to IHacusp J'olittes at the l'res-
rut Time. . .
' 'INCIXNATI, Otfio, Jan. 2,— A United
m v representative called at ex-Governor
hO. Foraker's house; to-night and told
him Elkins and Fessenden had given out
statements of the circumstances under
vhich he declined.- the nomination for
President in 1888. and asked him if he
would make a statement. The ex-Governor
said :
"I will say nothing whatever to-night. I
know the circumstances you refer to and
it is probable that this is what they are
telling."
Mr. Foraker was very busy over a law
case and remarked that it was "more im
portant than the Presidency."
TO I'OTKHS OF NEBRASKA.
An Addreaa Issued by the Free Silver
Lengue.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 2.— The execu
tive committee of the Nebraska Free Silver
League, a non partisan organization of
which Governor Holcomb and ex-Con
gressman Bryan are leading spirits, to-day
issued an extended address to the voters
of the State. It says the purpose is to
unite all friends of silver in one grand or
ganization, and continues:
Gold standard advocates are already organ
ized for the j>urp'»c of propagating the gold
standard idea. We cannot hope to make a
siicce«*fiil resistance to them unless there is
some channel through which literature upon
the subjt-rt may be conveyed directly to the
voters, and there is no reason why differences
of opinion upon other political issues should
prevent co-operation in educational work
among those who believe In the restoration of
the goM and silver coinage of the constitu
tion. The unconditional receal of the
.Sherman lavr, the veto of the seig
niorage bill, the refusal of the Treasury
Department to coin the silver bullion now on
hand, the repeated attempts to retire the
creenbackf and treasury notes in the interest
of a National bank currency, the is?ue of
interest-bearing; bonds in general and the exe
cution of the Rothschild contract in particu
lar—all parts of one comprehensive scheme to
fasten the monometallic system upon the
people of the United States and make gold the
only legal tender money— have made it certain
that the money question will, for the time
being, at least, be one of the most prominent
issues before the public. We have no fund
with which to employ organizers and must
appeal to the common people to make to the
silver cause the only contribution within their
power, namely, friendly interest and a helping
hand. This is not a secret organization, but
an open warfare in opposition to the financial
policy which Mr. Carlisle once called an in
ternational conspiracy against the welfare of
mankind, and which Mr. Blame once declared
would prove "distressing to millions and
utterly disastrous to tens of thousands." '
The address is signed by G. L. Laws,
Silas A. Holcomb. W. J. Bryant and H.
W, Hary.
NOT A TURK WAS SLAIN.
Trustworthy Reports Regarding
Outrages in the Vilayet
of Kharput.
Towns and Villages Desolated and
Houses Burned by the
Thousand.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Jan. 2.—
Owing to representations made to it by
Sir Philip Currie, the British Embassador,
the Porte has instructed the Vali of
Kharput to allow Mr. Barnum to distrib
ute the fund collected in England for the
relief of the suffering Armenians.
Trustworthy reports regarding the re
cent outrages in the Vilayet of Kharput
alone show 138 towns and villages were
desolated, 5064 houses burned and 2073
persons killed. Not a single Turk was
killed so far as is known.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 2.— A dispatch
from Constantinople says that tne Porte
has consented to accept the offer of the
fereign representatives at Constantinople,
that the foreign Consuls at Aleppo mediate
between the Turks, who are besieging
Zeitoun, and the Armenians, who hold
the town for the surrender of the latter.
REL.IEF FOR ARMEXIAXS.
"/i*« Barton Explains Her Pinna to
Women of Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 2.— Two hundred
representative Chicago women assembled
this afternoon in the office parlor of Dr.
Sarah Sackett Stevenson, president of the
Armenian Relief Association, to meet and
listen to Mis 3 Clara Barton, who came
j from "Washington at the request of the
society to explain the work of Armenian
relief which the president of the Red Cross
has undertaken.
Miss Barton was closely questioned as to
her plans and what was expected from the
j society. She explained that the idea had
originated with the American Board of
Missions, which had been appealed to by
the mission authorities at Constantinople,
the latter believing that as the missiona
ries in Armenia were practically prisoners
in their own houses, only the Red Cross
would be able to distribute relief without
molestation. If $100,000 was contributed
and $400,000 more guaranteed, Miss Barton
said she and her associates would go to
Armenia. The women decided to make
an effort to raise $40,000 as Chicago's con
tribution. The money is aiready being
raised by entertainments, balls and per- j
sonal solicitation in business circles. Misa
Barton will address a mats-meeting here
next Sunday.
CANADA'S PARLIAHEXT.
The Sixth Session Opened With Lord
Aberdeen's Address.
OTTAWA, O.vr., Jan. 2.— The sixth ses
sion of the Seventh Parliament of the
Dominion of Canada was opened by Lord
Aberdeen, the Governor-General, at 3
o'clock this afternoon. In the course of
his speech Lord Aberdeen said :
"My Government has learned with satis
faction that it is the intention of the Sec
retary of State for the Colonies to appoint
a commission to consider the proposed
Pacitic cable to connect Canada with Aus
tralia. You will, I am sure, share in tte
gratification with which my advisers wel
come these announcements as affording a
further evidence of the aesire of her Ma
jesty's Government to draw closer to each
other and the motherland the outlying
portions of the Queen's dominions.
"Your attention will be asked to meas
ures intended to provide for the better
arming of our militia and the strengthen
lig of the Canadian defenses. lam happy
to De able to inform you that the Commis
sioners appointed by Great Britain and by
tl <■ United States for the purpose of de
limitating the boundary between Alaska
and Canada have concluded their labors
and have signed a joint report for presen
tation to tnelr respective Governments.
This report will be laid before Parliament
in due time.".
Defeated the Insurgents.
MADRID. Stain., Jan. 2.— A dispatch to
the irnparcial from Havana saya that a
body of Government troops under Colonel
Galvin has defeated near Alfonso XIII a
strong detachment of rebels belonging to
Maceo's command. Heavy loss was in
flicted on the insurgents. The dispatch
ad.ds that the rebels are retreating from
the interior of the province of Matanzas.
Hit/ lieficit at a jtnnk.
Berlin, Germany, Jan. 2.— Great excite
ment has been caused in Often burg, a town
of Baden, by -the discovery of a deficit in
the Civic Savings Bank of 370,000 marks.
The treasurer of. the institution, Franz
Bauer, who has hitherto been highly es
teemed, has been arrested. He denies all
knowledge of the. deficit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
LOS ANGELES BANKERS
Magnates of the City Bank
Defendants in a Heavy
Suit.
A LOAN BECAME DUE.
The First National Bank of
San Francisco the
Plaintiff.
DEFENDANTS' SIDE COMPANY.
They Deeded Their Property, but
Failed to Erect a Legal
Barrier.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 2.— The case
of James K. Moffitt vs. Otto Brodtbeck, A.
D. Chiklress, W. T. Childress and the
Pacitic Improvement Company came up
for trial this morning before Judge Mc-
Kinley.
The defendant, Brodtbeck, is the re
ceiver for the City Bank, and the action is
a contest on the part of the First National
Bank of San Francisco to get hold of the
assets in the hands of the receiver to
liquidate a judgment the bank holds
against the Childresses amounting to over
$20,000.
If the plaintiff prevails in his suit, there
will be small pickings left in the remnant
of the property in trust for the numerous
depositors of the defunct City Bank. The
story of the case is interesting.
The Childresses, who were the magnates
of the defunct City Bank, borrowed $25,000
from the San Francisco bank, giv
ing therefor their promissory note, unse
cured. Shortly after this they organized
the Pacific Investment Company.
Of the stock of this concern A. D. Chil
dress owned 250 shares. W. T. Childress
had 244 shares and the other eight shares
were divided among live others.
It is alleged that this corporation wa'
really the Childresses, and that it had only
the semblance of a corporation, that the
other stockholders were only nominal and
that they did only the will of the Chil
dresses.
The investment company being formed,
the Childresses proceeded to make to it
deeds of all their property. The com
plaint alleges, however, that these deeds
were not placed on record nor really de
livered by the Childresses, but were kept
by them to be Hashed up in the event of
anj T of the creditors of the Childresses
coining forth to attach their property.
The plaintiff states that he did not
know of the existence of these deeds until
after an attachment had been laid by him.
By and by the City Bank failed, then
Childress caused the Pacific Investment
Company to make Brodtbeck deeds of all
this property.
There were two declarations of this
trust; the first was to take certain of the
property and to pay off all the depositors
of the City Bank other than the Childresses,
and if there should be any moneys remain
ing they should go to pay off the debt of
the San Francisco bank. The other deed
was to pay off a note of $5000 of T. E.
Gibbon and to pay him $800 attorney's
fees.
The complaint alleges that the Chil
dresses were insolvent when this deed was
made by them to this company, and it
prays to have the deed set aside and the
property taken to satisfy a judgment
which exists in favor of it for the amount
above stated.
A SUICIDE AT VALLEJO
T. D. Blanchard Shot Himself
Over the Grave of a
Friend.
He Stood Well in the Community
and His Death Is Sincerely
Mourned.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 2.— T. D. Blanch
ard, known by every one hereabouts as
"Doc," shot himself this evening through
the head on the grave of his late chum,
Richard J. Nagle, who in a tit of tempo
rary insanity a week or so ago threw
himself out of a third-story window and
broke his neck.
Blanchard has not been the same since
Nanle's tragic ending, and his pleasant
ways so well known on our streets have
been changed to niooiiiness. He was
missed to-day from his usual haunts, and
suspicion being aroused, a search was
made and his body was discovered in the
cemetery, as narrated.
The deceased had been married and had
a family, but was separated. At one time
he was with a circus, but lately has
worked at his trade of joiner at Mare
Island.
He was about 50 years old and one of
our popular citizens. There was a deep
affection between Nagle and "Doc," which
was well known, and while his suicide
shocks, it does not surprise people greatly.
SAXTA CRVZ ADVEXTISTS.
They Select the Rev. H. W. Bowman for
Their Xew Minister.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 2.— Rev. H.
W. Bowman, who has been one of the
leaders in the A. P. A. movement and who
has been lecturing in the Metropolitan
Temple of Kan Francisco, has accepted a
call to the Advent Christian Church of this
city and will enter upon his duties as such
next Sunday. The church is one of about
150 members and the largest of the denom
ination in the Stale.
United Press Praised.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 2.— The Daily
Evening Press with the United Press tele
graph service made its first appearance
here this evening. It was the first time so
line a telegraph report was ever seen here,
and the people are greatly pleased with it.
All are talking about the excellent service,
and many think the new paper made a hit
by securing it.
Santa ltosa A'etp Water Works.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 2.-The city
took possession of the new water works to
day. An attempt was made a few nights
ago to injure one of the new wells by un
known parties, and the city took measures
to put the plant under police protection.
The new works will not be completed for
some weeks.
Murdered Man's liody Exhumed.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 2.— Owing
to tbe receipt of a letter from the sister of
the late Albert Hyatt, recently murdered
here. Coroner Helm exhumed the remains
this morning, and on examination, they
were found to tally exactly with her de
scription. The clothes were identical with
those shown in a photograph received
here. There is no clew to the murderers.
THE ALASKA BOVXDARI.
Judge Truitt Says the People Are Op
posed to English Map. Making.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 2.— Discussing
the Alaska boundary, the Hon. Warren
Truitt, retiring United States District
Judge of Alaska, having turned over the
cares of his office to his successor, the Hon.
A. K. Delaney, said: "The unanimous
opinion on the boundary question is that
the line should stay right where it is.
People do not want England's contention
granted, for it would take some of the best
of Southwestern Alaska and control the
Yukon trade.
"People are opposed to any more of Eng
land's map-making, and they don't want
arbitration, for they consider there is
nothing to arbitrate. They have seen
enough arbitration in the Bering Sea con
troversy, by which England jrot all she de
sired. The line is where it has been con
ceded for years, and they recognize
the contention.
"The message of President Cleveland on
the Venezuelan position is taken to have
some bearing on the Alaska boundary
dispute. It is received with favor, and
there is no division with us on either
case.
"The Alaska Indians, who are great
lovers of the stars and stripes, it being
their custom to place the flag at half-mast
over their dead, are very much opposed to
the British gaining possession of any
territory."
Judge Truitt added: "Liquor is the
cause of nearly all the law-breaking in
Alaska. When I went to Alaska four
years aeo the Grand Juries would not
indict for liquor-seiling, obeying public
sentiment rather than the law, but at the
last term every saloon-keeper in Alaska
was indicted."
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Sensational Developments in the
Pyle Breach of Promise
Suit.
One of the Witnesses Arrested for
Perjury When Leaving the
Courtroom.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 2.— The breach of
promise suit of Jessie Pyle against Edward
M. Piercy, in which she asks for $50,000
damages, grows more interesting as it
progresses and the attendance of specta
tors in court is increasing.
The first witness for the defense this
morning was Eutrene G. Shirley, a black
smith residing in Oakland, who was put
through a rigid cross-examination as to
his testimony Tuesday afternoon. Miss
Pyle had roomed at Shirley's house in thi3
city about .wo years ago and Tuesday
afternoon he testified that on one occasion
he had looked through a transome and
had seen Miss Pyle in a compromising po
sition with a man named Aiken.
When Shirley took the stand this morn
ing he asked that he be allowed to correct
that statement, as he had made a mis
take. He said that there was no transom
in the door, but that he had gone around
the house and looked through a window.
As Shirley was leaving the courtroom
after coming off the witness-stand he was
arrested by Deputy Constable Castro on a
charge of perjury, which had been sworn
to by Miss Pyle.
Mrs. Joe Tomlinson gave some damag
ing testimony against Miss Pyle. She
said Miss Pyle had roomed at her house,
but owing to the large number of gentle
men calling to see the plaintiff she ordered
Miss Pj Ie to leave.
Several other witnesses were examined,
but notUing of a damaging nature was
elicited.
The defendant, E. M. Piercy, was put on
the stand just before adjournment, which
was taken until next Monday.
Shirley was arraigned before Justice
Dwyer on the charge of perjury, and his
examination was set for January 13. Bail
was iixed at $2500, Which was" promptly
furnished, with E. M. Piercy and \V. B
McCarley as sureties.
FRAXCIS BURGLARY TRIAL.
Both the Men Implicated Are Said to Be
Ex- Convicts.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan 2.— The trial of
Samuel Francis on a charge of burglary
began before a jury in Judge Lorigan's
court this morning. The forenoon was oc
cupied in securing a jury, after which sev
eral witnesses were examined.
Francis and John E. Burke burglarized
the residence of H. V. Morehouse on South
Sixth street on October 9 last. j."he men
were seen to leave the Morehouse house
with a couple of valises containing the
stuff stolen. The men were subsequently
captured at Mountain View by Constable
Martin. Both men are ex-convicts, and
the charges of prior convictions will be
urged.
A Ii EM EX TED HOT.
lie Thinks Bit Mother I, Truing to En-
rotnpitss His Death.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan 2.— William Hock
ing, 19 years of age, was brought to the
County Jail from Almaden this morning
to await examination as to his sanity. He
believes that his mother is trying to poison
him, and for fear that he will barm him
self or some one else, he was arrested at
the instance of his relatives. He was ar
rested on a similar charge some time ago,
but as he was deemed harmless he was
discharged.
Injured by a Press.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 2.— Clyde Elliott,
an employe of the Journal office at Santa
Clara, met with a painful accident
yesterday morning. He was working
around a cylinder press while it was in
motion, and in some manner his foot got
caught between the frame of the press and
a revolving crank, tearing the flesh loose
from the instep to the toes and making an
ugly wound. The injured boy wiil be laid
up for some time.
Fire in tho Hulaberg House.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 2.— The residence
of Mrs. F. A. Halsberg, 6 r i North Thir
teenth street, was partly destroyed by fire
about 12 o'clock last night. The fire
started in a closet filled with books and
papers. The losa is about $300, and is fully
insured.
VALLEJO'S SEXSATIOX.
John Carrington, Who Assaulted 3frs.
JRiletj, Held for Trial.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 2.— John Carring
ton, who, it will be remembered, at
tempted a criminal assault last Monday
on Mts. \V. J. Kiley at her home here, was
to-day arraigned before Judge Lamont.
Mrs. Riley rehearsed the story already
published in The Call, and CarrinKton
was held to appear before the Superior
Court with bonds set at $10,000.
Thieves Plead (iuilty.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 2. — Pat Maroni
and J. H. Sehlatcher, who were arrested
for robbing a man named Wichman of a
gold watch, this morning withdrew their
plea of not guilty to the charge of robbery
and were each sentenced to five years in
Folsoni.
STATE'S TEXT BOOKS
Costly Experiment in Print
ing for the Tax
Payers.
A REPORT TO BE MADE.
The Secretary of State Claims a
Loss of Two Hundred
Thousand.
GOVERNOR BTJDD'S IRE IS UP.
Openly Charged That the Schoolbook
Editor Has Had Little 
to Do.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 2.— lt would
appear, should the statistics which will be
presented before the State Board of Edu
cation next Monday by Secretary of State
Brown prove to be correct, that the
experiment of printing the text books
used throughout the public schools of
California has been a very costly one to
the State, resulting in a loss of at least
$200,000 during the past few years.
The original theory, when the idea was
first broached, was that the books,
when thrown upon the market, would
not only fully repay the cost of produc
tion, but would yield a handsome revenue
which in a few years would fully reim
burse the State" for the amount of appro
priations made to establish the original
plant necessary for their production.
This, however, has evidently proven to
be a fallacy and it is claimed that, instead
of any reimbursement, it has cost $400,000
in appropriations since the establishment
of the plant in 1885, the latter at the pres
ent time not being worth over $150,000.
The revolving fund is totally exhausted,
and it was a request presented before the
State Board of Examiners to create a de
ficiency which aroused the ire of Governor
Budd to such an extent that he requested
Secretary of State Brown to make a thor
ough examination and report as to the
causes.
This has been done, but the latter offi
cial absolutely refuses to give out any in
formation on the subject until it is brought
before the State Board of Education next
Monday.
It is also quite evident that the execu
tive desires a thorough knowledge as to the
duties alleged to have been performed by
W. 11. V. Raymond, who ia dubbed the
"schoolbook editor," at a cost io the State
of $250 per month, and it is claimed that
his two assistants, both of whom are
women, draw a salary of $150 per month
each.
It has been openly charged that Mr.
Raymond has had very little to do since
the first series of State schoolbooks were
published, although his friends claim that
he has been engaged in editing the new
series of schoolbooks authorized by the
last Legislature.
However this may be the prospects are
that an exhaustive investigation will be
made by the Board of Education in regard
to the matters brought to its notice by the
Secretary of State.
When asked as to the cause of the diffi
culty, Secretary of State Brown said: "I
am not prepared to give any in
formation at present. It would seem
that the books must have been selling
below cost. No, there can be no blame
attached to the State Printer whatever;
there must have been mistakes made In
estimating the costs of production.
"Personally I have no interest in the
matter other than my desire to see all the
affairs of state conducted on an econom
ical basis, and I have prepared tables of
statistics simply in accordance with the
request of Governor Budd."
SUPERIXTEXVEXT BZA.CK'S VIEWS
If the Sehoolbook fund Becomes Bank
rupt Jt Will Be Temporary.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 2. — "If there
should be a bankruptcy in the State
sehoolbook fund," said State Superin
tendent Black to-nipht, "it is only a tem
porary affair and if of really very little con
sequence.
"The fund is what is called a rotary
fund. That is, it is supplied from the
sales of the textbooks. No more books
are printed than are needed and they are
paid for almost as soon as they are sup
plied to the schools, so that the fund can
never be bankrupted.
"As fast as 1 receive the money I turn it
over to the publishing department, and
last month I turned over $86,000. I have
not heard that the fund is low and if there
is any shortness it will only be for a day
or two."
UARIiXER'S EUREKA BOXDS.
Prominent friends Have Confidence in
the Accused Highwayman.
EUREKA, Gal.. Jan. 2.— Bonds to the
amout of $5000 will be forwarded from here
on the steamer North Fork to-morrow to
release Harry Gardner, now in jail in San
Francisco, accused of the Ingleside rob
bery. Bonds were secured an Hour after
R. Porter Ashe, counsel for accused, tele
graphed for them.
Young Gardner slands so well in his na
tive town that if the bonds had been
placed at $100,000 there would have been
no difficulty in obtaining them.
It was not known here that Gardner's
examination was to be postponed beyond
the 2d or bonds would have been sent be
fore. The long interval of four duys
elapsing between steamers has caused de
lay. The bondsmen are .all leading citi
zens of the town and are as follows: J. S.
Murray, cashier Randall Banking Com
pany ; George B. Hall, Deputy United
States Marsha! ; .F A. Weaver, capitalist;
George I). Murray. ex-District Attorney;
David Evans, manager of the Excelsior
Redwood Company; J. H. G. Weaver, at
torney-at-law; P. w. Matthews, barber;
S. A. Campbell, merchant.
FIRE AT XEWHOFE.
Warehouse and Thousands of Sack* of
Grain and Potatoes Burned.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 2.-The Burns &
Thornton warehouse at Newhope was
burred last night.
The fire destroyed 9000 sacks of beans,
3000 sacks of barley and 26C0 sacks of po
tatoes and a cleaner.
H". W. Hamilton Called Home.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO, Cal., Jan.
2. — W. W. Hamilton received a telegram
to-day that his wife was very ill. He bus
left the {Syracuse racing team for Denver.
An Accidental Shot.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 2.— Deputy
Constable George May Jr. of Kern acci
dentally shot himself in the right leg this
morning while attempting to place his
pistol in its scabbard. The ball struck
back of the knee joint and went down
through the calf of the leg and lodged
somewhere in the ankle.
PACIFIC GROVE IMPROVEMENTS.
All the Hocks on the Bathing Beach to
Jt« Blasted Out.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal.. Jan. 2.— Birks
<fe Ely, the proprietors of the Pacific Grove
Bathing Beach and Bathhouses, to-day
engaged the services of William Hatch
to blast out all the rocks that can be
reached at low tide on the Pacific Grove
Beach at the foot of Forest avenue.
For years these rocks have unfitted the
place for good bathing, and the news of
this extensive improvement will be inter
esting to people from all over the State.
Tht-re is talk of extensive improvements
around the grove.
To-morrow the work of blasting will be
gin and it will cause no small amount of
excitement.
HUA'O3t.4. F i H3JER SHOT.
A Friend Shot at a Quail, but the Bullet
Went A.»tray.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 2.— William
Scott, a farmer living near Sebastopol, lies
in a critical condition, as the result of an
accident which occurred on the road near
Occidental on Wednesday.
Scott and a friend named Edgwood
started for the coast. While on a bridge
near the camp ground on the new Occi
dental road Edgwood drew a pistol to
shoot a quail. In some manner the weapon
was discharged, the ball going throueh
Edgwood's left hand and penetrating one
of Scott's lunes.
Scott was taken home and his physician
called. He was alive at the last accounts,
but is not expected to recover. Both men
are prominent farmers.
'OJtTJJAyjD COUSTERFJSITX.UH.
Ttiey Are Caught IFith $200 Worth of
Spurious Coin.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jan. 2. — Deputy
United States Marshal Bentley arrived
here to-day from Pendleton, having in
custody E. A. Crawford and Lewis Estes,
charged with having in their possession
and attempting to utter counterfeit gold
coin.
Crawford lives in Mayville, Gilliam,
and was arrestsd at Athena. Estes lives
at Pendleton. There was found in oosses
sion of both men about $200 in bogus gold
coin in $10 and $20 pieces, which Crawford
said they had got from New York.
ON LOS ANGELES STREETS
A Fight Is to Result Over the
Sweeping Contract
Award.
As Soon as William Budinger Begins
to Sweep Injunctions Will
Be Issued.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 2.— There is
every indication that a hot legal battle be
tween Contractor Hollingsworth and the
city over the street-sweeping contract will
occur.
The Council this morning approved the
contract with William Budinger, whose
bid was approved at the last meeting of
the Council on the recommendation of the
Board oi Public Works. As soon as the
Mayor attaches his signature Mr. Bud
inger will try to sweep the streets, and the
right will be on.
Mr. Hollingsworth is now sweeping the
streets. The action of the Council some
weeks ago rescinding the contract did not
stop him. It will be remembered that ex-
District Attorney Dillon, who is on Hol
lingsworth's bond, appeared before the
Council recently and said that he and
others on Mr. Hollingsworth's bond would
stand by him if necessary, fighting in the
courts for what they considered their
rights.
Injunction proceedings will probably be
instituted when Contractor Buainger com
mences to sweep the streets.
liaeltifj at Xete Orleans,
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 2.— One mile, sell
ing, Jack the Jew won, Souvenir second,
Momus third. Time, I:45J^.
One mile and seventy yards, selling, Bob
Wagner won, LA Verne second, Hot Spur third.
Time, 1:50%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling, Chenoa
won, Billy Bennett second, Eagle Bird third
Time, 1:53.
One mile, handicap, Sooze won, Mamie G
second. James V. Carter th ird. Time, 1 :44 :l^.
One mile, and seventy yards, Springvale won,
Rossmore second, Rapidan third. Time, l:50Va«
NEW TO-DAY.
WE SELL
THE HIGHEST
KNOWN
GRADE
OF CLOTHING
at Wholesale Prices
RETAILERS- -AT- -OUR PRICES
$35.00— — at -$22.50
22.50 at- 15.00
overcoats overcoats
These are two random quotations.
Wholesale Manufacturers • : •
Props. Oregon Cit? Woolen Mills . . •
Fine Clothing
For Jl/an, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pint Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
MENDOCINO ROBBERS.
Bloodhounds Take Up a
Trail That Leads to
a Cabin.
AN OCCUPANT SUSPECTED
He Came Past the Scene of the
Robbery, but Knows
Nothing.
DOC STANLEY ON A HOT TRAIL.
_____
Sheriff Johnson and Deputies Are
Back, but Refuse to
Divulge.
URIAH, Cal., Jan. 2.-Sheriff J. R.
Johnson and Deputy Nelson McClure left
this morning for the scene of the recent
stage- robbery at Sewards, near this place.
Shortly afterward Deputy Sheriff J. L.
Johnson and Wells, Fargo & Go's., detec
tive, J. N. Thacker, alia left for the sumo
place.
The whole party returned early this
evening, but are very reticent regarding
new discoveries. Nothing can be learned
at the Sheriff's office to-night with the ex
ception of the statement made by one ot
the officers that very important discoveries
have been made.
The. officers are now certain that the
work was done by a regularly organized
gang, consisting of a. number of parties
who are now in this:' .town. There are a
number of ex-con vicis now at this place
and of this mimler oneor two have al
ready served time for stage-robbery and,
consequently, would not be new to the
business. ' ■
Considerable importance is attached by
I the officers to th<' clew which led to the
I discovery of a party residing in a cabin in
I the mountains' not far from where the
j stage was robbed. The cabin is "about a
quarter of a mile distant from the spot
i where the robbery occurred. Tracks led
i from where the express-box and mail
j pouches were found to this cabin and there
I they stopped.
Bloodhounds were turned loose at once
and took this trail. They could not be
induced to leave the cabin. The occupant
of the cabin is a young man, who claimed
lie had come past the scene of the hold-up
shortly after it occurred on his way from a
neighbor, to whom he had paid a neigh
borly visit.
Detective Thacker and Sheriff Joonsoa
have just left for the north, but where they
go no one knows. Ex-Sheriff Standley,
the noted thief-taker, is in town shadow
ing parties whom he has. under suspicion.
Deputy Sheriff J. L. Johnson is working
up the case on a theory of his own, and as
he is thoroughly familiar with the coun
try in the neighborhood of the robbery, it
is not improbable that he will land hia
man. He has had considerable experience
in this line, having assisted in the capture
ot several highwaymen,
Ex-Sherifl Btandiey is. also a man who
generally bags his game, and it is now un
dor-tuod he is in the employ of Weils,
Fareo & Co. Deputy J. L. Johnson leavea
tor the north this evening, and his move
ments will be anxiously watched.
&TOCKTOX ASYJ.VM OJV FIRE.
First lilnze in Many Yeartj'bnt the De*
pnrttnent l>i<i Good Work,
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 2. — Karly thia
morning the fire department of the State
Insane Asylum had to deal with the first
lire that has occurred, on the grounds of
that institution in many years.
At 5:05 o'clock the heating- room at
tachea to the hothouse that is located
among tne trees near the hcmes of the
resident physicians was discovered to be
ablaze and the alarm was sounded. The
men hurried into their clothes and were
soon hauling the . hosecart through the
trees at a rattling pace. They did efficient
work, and in ten minutes after the alarm
was turned in they had extinguished th©
fire and before the patients became alarmed.
34
NEWS OF SAN DIEGO.
Very Fishy Yarn of a Port
land Reporter and
Artist. :
A HAIR-EAISING TALE.
He Claims to Have Been Lost
and Had to Drink Horse
Blood. ■■
HEAVY LIBEL SUIT BEGUN.
A Councilman's Baby Said to Have
Received Money for His Father's
Vote,
-AN DIEGO, Cat,., Jan. 2.— A dispatch
was received from Easciiada to-day giving
a hair-lifting account of the adventures of
h, C. Pease, a reporter and artist of the
Portland Oregonian, who left tlii? city last
Monday for a horseback trip to Ensenada.
The story was to the effect that Pease
took the coast trail from Tia Juanaaud
lost his way Tuesday night, getting into
the mountains, where he could neither
urge his horse forward nor return. In
desperation the man shot his horse, Which
had been injured in stumbling, and drank
its blood to appease his frantic thir.-t.
The dispatch added that Pease struck
out on foot, clambering over rocks and
swimming in the ocean round points for
twenty-four hours, when he met B.
Velasquez, who. took him to Ensenada.
Pease claimed to have been without food
or water for forty-eight hours. ; .
As no regular press correspondent is
stationed at Ensenada, and as the story is
fishy in the extreme, it Ls believed here
that Pease concocted it and sent it out
himself, either to forestall a true story of
his misfortunes as a tenderfoot, or to pose
as a hero after his return. ' '
The fact is that the trail to. Ensen^da is
a good oneand free of nrouotains and that
no traveler need drink .horse- blood unless
he prefers it to water. . Ranches are fre
quentalong' tlk' route and plenty of food
is to be obtained. . . ] ■
The yarn about swimming around points
oh the coast is especially ridiculous, as no
man could face the heavy sea and come
out alive, even if nourished by something
better than the blood of equines.
Nothing could be learned from Er.seriada
.lit,, but it is regarded as probable
that Pease is all right, and that he is pre
paring' to record other blood-cr.
feats in the wilds of Lower California. /
a i.iv.i f sjtit ni:<;r\.
Charge Tliat. a Coitucilman'a hnby Got
Boodle fur Its lather's tote.
SAN /DIEGO, Cat., Jan. 2.— Suit was
filed in the Superior Court. here to-day by
Fred H.. Robinson;. ex-member of the City
Council, for (25,000 damages from the Los-.
Anjteles Tim-es for alleged libel in connec
tion with the affidavit and deposition late
ly given by Clifton E. Mayne./ .
Mayne had said in his affidavit that
Robinjon could not be approached by. him,
but that through another party arrange
ments were made to give Robinson's baby
a present of $1000, through which Robin*
eon's vote would be secured. ' .'. ...
In his. deposition Mayne reiterated., .the
charge, and an article appeared : in the
'Times of Sunday, December 2M, purporting.
to be a report of the taking of the, deposi
tion. -..•■'• ..-'.' .;:'l. : ■ -.
Robinson alleges that it was not a cor
rect quotation of Mayrie's words, but was
false and defamatory, and not privileged
matter. ■ ■ .
The words printed by the- Times which
are claimed to be li-belous are: VOne man,
Mr. Robinson, refused to take any money
himself, but said that his votewoulti.be
given all right if Babcock would give his
baby $l'A»0:
"The vote was. purchased and the
baby got tiie boodle with which, to make
a good hone-t start in life when he
reaches' man 'j9 estate."' ■ '
■These.- words ..are not quoted by the
Times,, but 'follow an introduction in
whicn it is' made to appear that they are
substantially M ay lie's words. '
SEW horE WAREHOUSE BVRNEV.
The Structure ftqa. Huriied to the Ground
„■ and. iireift Un.innge Ttone. .
■ . : STO.CkT.ONYCAT., Jan. 2.-JGershbacher
& .Gross' warehouse, on the Mokeluinne
Iliyer, three miles west of >s"ew Hope, was
burned to the ground early this morning.
It is. supposed that the names started- from
ah engine, which l:ad been left near the
building with live 'sparks, in; the Jurnace.
All effort!" to save the structure or its con
tents were futile. .: •
The levee near by was burning to-day,
and as there were .no- facilities for extin
guishing t.he . fire wpxd was sent to the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company to have, a sttaraer sent to the
scene of the fire at once. ••
The entire loss is estimated at about
14000 above the insurance. In the ware
house were stored !K)00 sacks of beans, 4000
sacks of barley and 1000 sacks of potatoes.
s'tocKtox's JfJBIT telegraph.
A J.in-e to Tie Stretched Along the San
Joaquiti Tallty Jiailroad.
STOCKTON,. Cat.., Jan. The Postal
Telegraph. Company will to-morrow begin
the construction .of the telegraph
lines' to the Staiii'slaus River along the line
of the San Jo'aquin Valley Railroad.
A large amount of material is on hand
and a- construction train will to-iriorrow
distribute it along the line of the road.
The boles for tne poles are already dug
some- two miles out and a large force of
men will be put to work in order that the
line may be completed as soon as possible.
.LaJT IRATE JFATIIER-LS-ZAIT.
Hi Tahes a Gun and J.ay* for the Choice
of Hit Daughter's Heart.
PORTLAND, Ok., Jan. 2. — Colonel
Henry Hessen, a prominent member of
the German colony, was arrested to-day
and. placed in jail for trying to kill his
prospective son-in-law last nicht.
Albrecht Kuestermann and Miss Minnie
Hessen made arrangements to get married.
Colonel Hessen, who is impulsive and who
bas been estranged from his wife and fam
ily for some time over domestic differences,
learned of the intended marriage of his
daughter. He procured a gun and laid
for young Keustermann when he left the
house. He tried to perforate the young
man, but failing fled.
To-day Keustermann went to the court
house and got out a license for his mar
riage and a warrant of arrest for hi 3
father-in-law at the same time.
—— «
miate Teachers' Association.
PORTLAND, Qe., Dec. 2.— At to-day's
Eession of the State teachers addresses and
discussions by leading educators of the
State took tip the day. The feature of the
afternoon work of the convention wa3
•'PbysicaJ Culture io the Public Schools."
>■ >iW - -»r"nf, -- - ,■-, „,
Dr. Grant lectured to the teachers to-night
on Yellowstone Park.
THE TROLLEY FOR LOS ASGELES.
Cnblc-Cars Will Soon Be a Thing of the
'■ Distant Vast.
LOS ANGELES, Cat.., Jan.. 2.—Cable
cars will soon be a thing of the past.
General Manager ."Wood of the Los An
geles Railway Company expects to have
electric-cars on the Boyle Heights, Grand
iavenue, West Lake and East Side lines be
fore the Ist of February. Ail of the ma
chinery ordered from the East is now in
the power-house.
It would have been possible to have used
electricity on all the cable-roads on the
first day of the new year had it not been
for a three weeks' delay in getting The ma
chinery ready for operation, caused oy an
accident to a big casting thai is being
got out in the city.
I. OS AAGELES' WEALTH.
A Much Larger Cash Kalancc in the
Treasury Than Last Xear.
LOS AMGELES, Cal.. Jan. 2.— There
was at 9a. m. to-day in the county treas
ury $946,180 40 — a cash balance. A year
ago to-day the cash balance was $301,000.
The increase is owing to the fact that In
139,3 the lirst installment of taxes paid in
approximated $716,000, as against $582,000
in 1894. There were more taxes to collect
and more people paid taxes in full instead
of making only half payments.
This indicated that money was not as
tight in ISK> as it was in November and
December, 1814.
tlakersjield Officer Shot.
BAKERSPIBLD, Cai*. Jan. 2.— Officer
Ed Xibber-was shot in the shoulder last
night by an unknown man, who had been
creating a disturbance in Joe Brown's
piace, on the corner of Twentieth and L
streets.
The shooting was without provocation.
Tibbet snapped his pistol several times at
the fellow after being shot, but it failed to
go off. The shooter made his escape.
SOMETHING ABOUT ROADS.
Commissioner Manson's Trip of
Four Hundred and Thirty
.■••'■ Miles.
He Learned Much About Snow and
'. How to Construct High
ways.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,, Jan. 2-Commis
sioner Manson of the .bureau of highways,
returned- from a trip through the upper
counties of the State.. His trip extended
oyer43o miles of road, of which 20.) were
traveled iii sleighs upon snow from six
inches to five feet-deep. Said Mr. Man-,
son : '■-''.:
"Part .of the time the thermometer stood
9 degrees below 2pro, and an open sleigh
Is .not the most comfortable place in the
world at such a time. • '
•On my journey over the divide, be
tween the headwaters of the McCloud and
rivers, we had to break the
road through several feet of snow for nine
miles, and it took .us six hours and a half.
"I am glad I took the trip, for I have
gained miieh valuable information about
snow roads that can be. turned to advan
tage hereafter. I guess I bad about as.
rough and uncomfortable a trip as any
State, otticer lias ever experienced, but it
will be a paying one. ■:
'•The inhabitants of the mountain coun
ties take more interest in the pood-roads
question than those of the valleys. Good
roads mean a great deal to them and
;hev feel that the subject . is one
oiie of much, importance. I find that
in' thg more isolated places the .busings
depression is felt far less than with us for
the reason that they have most of their re
sources vi-ithin themselves and their
products are mainly consumed at home.
There is an engorgement of fru it. and stock
in the northern counties on account of
their lack of facilities for disposing of it to
the outride world.*' " =
MINING IN EL DORADO.
A Bid to Capitalists to Develop
Rich and Idle Prop
erties.
Boom in. the Starlight, Pocahontas,
Larkin, El Dorado and Neigh
boring Claims.
PLACERVILLE,. Cal., Jan. 2. — The
Starlight mine, seven miles southwest of
Placerviile, is making a good showing. In
a recent sixty -hour run with a small Hun
tington mill its owners took out $1300.
This is the property of San Francisco peo
ple and is looked upon as one of the rich
est little mines in the county.
Adjoining the Starlight and near the
famuus old Focahontas, now being re
opened, is the Independence. This has
three shafts of 65, 70 and lOOfeet depth and
about 100 feet apart. In early times, when
orndely worked, this property produced
1150,000. It has. a continuous vein exposed
over 700 feet, containing very high-grade
ore. It is owned by N. W. Mountain and
others of Placerville.
The disposition among people owning
properties but lacking capital to develop
them is gradually training ground that the
past unwise plan of holding them at great
price? is to tneir detriment, and a willing
ness to give favorable bonds to capitalists
Is superseding the old-time policy. Bonds
for twelve to eighteen months can be ob
tained in most sections. This alone will
cause many properties to be developed in
this county during the coming year.
Hoisting works are completed on the
Larkin mine capable of sinking 200 feet,
to which depth the shaft will be sunk.
The ledge grows in width as depth is at
tamed, and the ore is high grade. This ii
another of the mother-lode properties.
The Hill brothers of El Dorado have be
gun work to reopen their mine, four miles
south of the town. The shaft is down fifty
feet and drifting on the vein develops
good ore.
Harper and Harms, who recently took
$6000 from pockets on their ranch, will
sluice the entire system of seams and por
phyry ledges and sink shafts and run
drifts later on. It is predicted that they
will take out large amounts of pocket cold.
They are on the ridge between old Log
tow v llavine and the Church Union prop
erties.
The Sacramento Development Company
is reopening the old Snyder mine, three
and a half miles south of here. The shaft
is down 140 feet, and will be continued.
The ledge is twenty-three feet wide.
The Sam Kaiser property, near the Tay
lor mine, has been bonded by San Francisco
people, who are sinking a double-compart
ment shaft.
The old Cram and Berry mine, near
Clarkesville, is being reopened. The new
shaft has attained a depth of seventy feet.
The ledge from the surface down is twenty
inches wide, and the mill tests of the ore
show it to run from $15 to $25 per ton.
'Ihisisnow the property of J. H. Tong of
Clarkesville.
The Blakemore mine, fourteen miles
from Placerville, owned Dy C. L. Slake
more, has its shaft down seventy feet, and
is drifted forty feet on the ledge, which
averages three feet. A mill test shows the
ore value to be $15 per ton. The sulphurets
run about '2 per cent and average from $150
upward. The title is United States patent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
VALUELESS PAVEMENTS
The Hand of the Solid Eight in
Van Ness Avenue Street
Work.
EXPERT GADEN CONDEMNS IT.
Bituminous Road Covering Picked
From the Street With the
Naked Fingers.
At the next meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors the Jordan Bituminous Hock
and Paving Company will file a formal
protest against the payment of $1027 17 to
the City Street Improvement Company,
this sum being the City's proportion of the
cost of paving Van Ness avenue, between
gutter and Bush streets, with bituminous
roclK The protest will claim that the let
ting of the contract was illegal in that
competition was not invited as required by
law, and the recent decision of Judge Sea
well in the mandamus proceedings of the
Santa Cruz Rock Paving Company against
Auditor Broderick will be cited in support
of the contention.
The resolution authorizing the payment
of the Street Improvement Company's
claim was passed to print at the last meet
ing of the board. At the same session J.
W. McDonald, manager of the corporation,
protested against the acceptance of the
pavement on Twenty-fourth street, be
tween Howard and Mission, which was
laid by a rival concern, the Jordan Bitu
minous Rock and Paving Company, the
protest alleging that the bitumen was only
an inch aaa a half thick and that it had
not been properly rolled.
A scrutiny of the facts back of these two
papers sheas further light upon the ne
farious methods of the Solid Eight in the
Board of Supervisors.
The protested block on Twenty-fourth
street was completed by the Jordan com
pany myre than three months ago. and
that corporation has since then labored in
vain to get it accepted by the Supervisors.
The work was done at the time that the
Jordan company was In the thickest of its
tight against the Solid Eight over the
specifications for street work, which that
infamous combine carried despite the
Mayor's veto, and which created a mo
nopoly for the .Santa Cruz rock. This
being the case, the Jordan corporation was
exceed ingly careful to do good work, sus
pecting that the least flaw would result in
its condemnation.
Upuii the receipt of Mr. McDonald's pro
test Georgo T. Gaden, the Mayor's expert,
was ordered to examine the prote-t>d
block, lie dug into the pavement in four
places and found in each place that the
bituminous rock instead of being an inch
and a half thick was at iea>t two and
three-quarters inches, and in some places it
measured three inches in thickness,
though the requirement of the specitica
tions was only two and a half inches.
Cm the otLer bund the paving of the
Van avenue block was completed
barely three weeks ago. The contract for
the work was illegally donated by the
Solid Eight to the City Street Improvement
Company, as noted by Thk Call at the
time, and the work was done under the
new specifications, tsanta Cruz rock being
the material used.
The work has bsen officially approved
by Superintendent of Streets Ash'worth,
but despite its recent completion the
street is in a deplorable condition and
tne pavement is absolutely valueless. 1 lie
rock is extremely brittle ami appears
to be wanting In cohesive elements, l ieces
of the pavement may be picKed from the
roadway with the ringer.-. An umbrella
may be easily forced through the bitumin
ous covering and a walking stick: plied by
a man of ordinary strength plows great
furrows in the surface.
George T. Gaden, the Mayor's expert on
street work, has given both the Twenty
fourth street an.l tne Van Ness avenue
pavements thorough examination, and
when seen last night expressed his opinion
in no uncertain way.
"On Twenty-fourth street," he said, "I
found the utmost ditiiculty in cutting into
the pavement at all. It had been rolled so
hard that when we tried to pierce it with a
pickax the tool rebounded as from so
much stone. And when we did finally
succeed in getting through the covering
we found the bitumen froni 2% to 3 inched
thick.
"The Van Ness avenue pavement— that
is, the portion between Gutter and Bush
streets — is absolutely the worst piece of
work I ever saw. I received it on the 30th
ult., and had no dilhculty in kicking
pieces of it loose or in running my um
brella through the bitumen. Mr. Eider ac
companied me on that occasion. We saw
pieces of the pavement picked up by hand,
and it appeared to have absolutely no con
sistency.* Mr. Elder had approved the
work previously, but he now agrees with
me that it is utterly valueless. 1 '
BEATING AND WOUNDING
The Mate of an American Ship
Arrested on Complaint of
the Crew.
One Man Kicked Into Insensibility by
the Chief Officer When on
Watch.
"Beating and wounding" on the high
seas is getting to be quite a common story
on American ships. Every vessel that ar
rives here from an Eastern port has a tale
of woe to tell, and either the captain is ar
rested or the mate runs away to escape
prosecution or the boatswain is hauled up
for trial.
Within the last three months the cap
tain of the Shenandoah was arrested, tried
and acquitted; the mate of the Iroquois
ran away, and, as soon as the men dis
persed, secured a job on the ship St. Nich
olas ; the boatswain of the W. F. Babcock
also ran away to escape arrest, but he is
now back on board again, and will 6ail on
the vessel -when 6he starts for Honolulu;
the captain of the Susquehanna was also
called before the United States Shipping
Commissioner, and now cornea the John
McDonald to round np the number of
complainants. The men say they were
beaten and thumped by Chief Officer Orr
in season and out of season, and that some
of them are now cripples for life in conse
quence.
According to the story told by the men
Orr was in the habit of taking the sailors
by the hair and trying to find out how
many knocks on the deck it took to make a
man insensible and yet not dash his brains
out. Then when he was satisfied he would
double up his legs and jump with his
knees on the prostrate man. As a result
of his ill treatment, the men say, two of
the crew are now cripples, and the" chances
are that they will remain so for life.
As soon as the ship docsed they went
before United States District Attorney
Foote, but before a warrant could be served
Orr had disappeared. He will probably
show up at the office of the Shipping Com
missioner to-morrow to get his pay, and
then a United States Marshal will place
him under arrest.
Mate Orr is weli known in San Francisco
and his record is not a savory one. Four
years ago be was boatswain of the Ameri
can ship Roanokc, and later he secured a
position as mate on the ship Tacoma. It
was on the latter vessel that he first got
into trouble. He and the cook and the
steward did not aeree, and in consequence
the gailey men got hurt. When the ship
arrived at Boston Orr was arrested and
the usual charge of "beating and wound
ing on the high seas" was placed against
him. As usual the prosecuting witnesses
disappeared and Orr was released. After
making a round trip on the Tacoma Orr
joined the John McDonald and made the
trip to San Francisco that will land him in
jail should he ever appear at the "United
States Shipping Commissioner's office to
draw his pay.
The complaining witness against Orr is
J. W. Smith. The latter is in hiding, as
he says the mate will kill him on sight
for swearing to the warrant. He is a young
man and tells his story in a straightfor
ward manner. Said he*:
I shipped as an a. 8., but I was not qualified
to till the position. I hau teen to sea for
about four years, but only as a cabin-boy,
so ] knew nothing about going aloft. I was
behindhand with the boarding-master and he
insisted on shipping me. When I got on the
McDonald the chief officer seemed to take a
dislike to me and from the time we left port
until we reached San Francisco it was a hell
upon earth for me. On September 13 last 1
made a mistake and then he took me by the
hair of the head and thumped me up and down
on the deck. The blood caiue out of my nose and
mouth, but that did not satisfy him, and when
1 made a move he jumped on mo with his
knees. He broke one of the small bones of my
leg and I am a cripple now and will be all my
liie in consequence.
To make matters worse he made me go out
and oil the foreroyal buntlines. Iv order to
do this I had to crawl out on mv hands and
knees, and the wen on watch stood around ex
pecting to see me fall overboard at any mo
ment.
The witnesses to the troubles on the
John McDonald are John McMeeney, An
drew McGill, Peter Nichols, J. W. Smith,
Charles Hendrickson and Peter Jensen.
They say that not only did Mate Orr beat
the men, but that when he got tired Boats
wain Benson took his place and made the
men toe the mark. Should the mate come
to time the whole story will be ventilated
in open court.
THE NEW FERRY DEPOT
Attorneys Differ Materially Over
the Letting of the Con
tracts.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald Says the
Case Must Go to the Supreme
Court.
The Harbor Commissioners are wonder
ing just where they stand in regard to the
new ferry depot. Tirey L. Ford and F. S.
Stratton, who have been acting for the
board, have one opinion, and Attorney-
General Fitzgerald has another. As the
Attorney-General is a member of the
Board of Examiners, the chances are that
Messrs. Colnon, Cole and Cbadbourne will
be sure of their position before any of the
contracts are finally awarded. As matters
appear at present, it looks as though the
case would have to be taken to the Su
preme Court in order to get a legal deci
sion.
The difference of opinion is over the
general law and the Political Code. Fitz
gerald says the former must be followed,
and in consequence a 10 per cent deposit
must be made. Stratton and Ford say the
Political Code is what governs the matter,
and that only a 5 per cent deposit is neces
sary. Governor Budd was present at the
discussion in the morning, but even bis
legal mind could not solve the problem, so
the whole matter went over to the next
meeting. In the meantime a test case will
be prepared and the matter will be carried
to the Supreme Court. This will not delay
the building, as the Kisdon Iron Works
can be going vii with the iramework and
the contractor for the masonry can be get
ting the stone ready.
During the afternoon ie««ion ex-Super
visor Dundon appeared before the board
and wanted to make an explanation in re
gard to his tramway on section Aof the
seawall. President Colnon ruled him out
of order and then took occasion to say that
the whole matter seemed to be Irregular.
"It seems to me that Mr. Dundon is doing
pretty well," said the president. "We al
low him the use of a small portion of the
water front at a rjnt of $30 a month, and
then he comes in without permission and
not only builds a tramway but erects a
derrick?'
At this point Dundon got up and said he
had acted in all good faith. He understood
that he had permission to build the tram
way and erect a derrick as otherwise his
lot on the front would be of no use to him.
The matter was finally referred to Chief
Engineer Holmes and Chief Whariinger
Root to examine and report upon. The
chances are that they will favor the grant
ing of the privilege and that will be the
last heard of it.
President Colnon gave notice that at the
next meeting of the board he would move
that all offices on the wharves he removed.
He made an exception in favor of the
steamship companies and boatmen, but
all the others must go. "Everybody, both
brick and ballast men, ought to be made
to move," said he yesterday. "There is
the San Jose Brick Company, and al
though William D. English, the president,
is my very good friend I think they ought
to be made to move and leave the front
clear. No one except those directly inter
ested in the outside commerce of the port
should be allowed en the seawall."
Commi=sioner Coie thought that if the
brick, hay and ballast men were compelled
to move the boatmen and the fcaval
Battalion should be made to follow suit.
He thought that a laundry and butcher's
shop had just as much right on the sea
wall as a boatman. He said he would
make a motion to that effect at the next
meeting.
Commissioner Chadbourne did not agree
with Mr. Cole, and the chances are that
when the motion comes up next Tuesday
he will vote with the president and Cole
will be in tfie minority.
If President Colnon's motion is carried
it will result in the removal of all the
bricks and firewood from the wharves and
will compel the agents to find offices on
the west side of East street. The tugboat
offices will not be affected, but every in
dividual who attempts to conduct a wnole
sale and retail business on the water front
will have to move.
HIS MOTHER'S REQUEST.
Why Martin Ansohn Had IMs Nephew,
Arnold Meyer, Arrested.
Martin Ansohn, the uncle and guardian
of Arnold Meyer, who was arrested
Wednesday for striking his uncle, is much
disturbed over the stories the boy is tell
ing about his treatment. He says the boy
has been in his charge for two months,
and he has always tried to treat him as
well as he could. He says the boy's father
and mother aro both living, but neither
can control him ; that the boy has an un
governable temper, and that in a lit of
passion on "Wednesday last Arnold struck
him on the head with a stovelift.
The arrest, Ansohn states, was made at
the request of the boy's mother. Ansohn
is deaf and dumb, a*nd the boy's father-is
similarly afflicted.
Asphyxiated by Gas.
Henry Eberhardt, a bartender at the Ahlborn
House, was taken to the Receiving Hospital
yesterday suffering from gas asphyxiation.
His room was full of gas and the jet was turned
on full. It is supposed that he had accidentally
turned on the gas on retiring the previous
night, as ne had been celebrating Now Yaar's
day. He will recover.
Fell Down a Shaft.
William Bowham, night .watchman in the
Standard shirt factory,' on Gough street and
Ivy avenue, fell down the elevator shaft last
night, a distance of twenty-five feet. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it waa
found that he had sustained a compound frac
ture of the lelt leg abe\e. the knee.
WAITING FOR CHEAP BEER
Rumor Says That There Has
Been a Break in the
Association.
ARE WORKING FOR PEACE.
Interesting Bits of Inside History of
the Trouble Among the
Brewers.
For several days there has been a rumor
among the brewerymen and in the saloons
that one of the breweries in the northern
part of the City had withdrawn or will
withdraw from the Brewers' Protective
A ssociation. As might be expected this
has caused considerable uneasiness among
those of the pool who are desirous of
k eeping the pool together. As it is with a
child's toy blockhouse when one block is
knocked out of the structure the whole is
very likely to tumble, so it is with the
brewery combine. Whether or not the
alleged defection is the fact remains ro be
seen when tne next meeting is held.
While it is evident that many would like
to make the break in order to teach a lesson
to those brewers who are underselling, still
there is a feature in the organization that
causes them to hesitate before taking the
step. That feature is a cash bond that
every brewer is obliged to deposit binding
himself to observe the rules of the associa
tion or to forfeit the amount if he flies the
track and leaves the association.
These bonds are not trivial by any
means. The cash bond of the Syndicate
(limited) is about $10,000, the Milwaukee
about $2200, the Jackson about $4000, the
American (formerly the Lafayette Brew
ery) about $1500, the Washington about
$2200, and so on, each brewery's deposit
being based upou its pro rata of the busi
ness transacted.
It is estimated that the total amount of
deposits reaches $30,000. This money is
put out in investments by the associa
tion's board of directors, and e^ch brewer
receives the interest on his money at the
rate of G per cent. This bojid business has
not been wholly satisfactory to all the
brewers, from what can be learned. It
seems that nearly all the money has been
invested in various kinds or railroad,
bank and other stocks that the dissatisfied
believe t3 be of a fluctuating value into
which the element of uncertainty enters.
Again, the deposit is practically sunk for
ever, as there are few conditions under
which a brewer can recover his cash.
When Charles Krarum of the Anchor
Brewery of Oakland went out of the asso
ciation he left behind him $500 in good,
solid United States money.
These deposits, while intended in the
main to hold the association together, are
a guarantee that the brewers will not
break the association rules. The rules
are numerous and far-reaching. For ex
ample, no brewer shall put up beer signs
about town for advertising purposes.
Brewers are not permitted to put their
own beerstands in their patrons 1 saloons,
nor paint and furnish the interior of
saloons, nor lend money to a saloon-keeper
who is a patron of another brewery ; and
above all they shall notcut the price of beer
below the standard adopted by the asso
ciation. In the struggle to increase busi
ness nearly every obligation has been
violated, so states a brewer who is thor
oughly informed upon the subject. In
discussing the situation, he said:
There are two classes of men in the associa
tion: One is ambitious to increase business;
the other goes on the free-and-easy principle.
As may be expected, the former expands his
business and the latter loses a part of his
patronage. The former, in order to accom
plish his ends in a city like San Francisco,
where a certain amount of beer is consumed
annually, is obliged to violate the rules of the
association, and this gives rise to ill will and
jealousies. When these two elements creep
into an association of Dusiness rivals there is
sure to be trouble, and that is the present
situation. When a brewer steals a neighbor's
trade there is sure to be war.
There is an interesting feature in the pres
ent difficulty that has not been made public,
li you will remember, charges were made that
t lit? Kroadway and California breweries had
been and are cutting the prices of their beer,
either by a direct reduction in price or by per
mitting their drivers to spend a part of the
price money back over the bar. The feature I
allude to is this: The proprietors of both of
these breweries have excited the ill will of the
others in the association in this way.
Two years ago Rohr was a commission driver
in the employ of the Chicago Brewery, one of
tbe English syndicate's institutions. He pur
chased an interest in the Broadway Brewery,
Which was then turning out not over 600
barrels of steam beer a month, if I recollect
rightly. Now that brewery's output is between
1100 and 1200 barrels a month. It is not un
likely that that increased patronage has been
drawn largely from Kohr s patrons when he
was a commission driver for the Chicago.
The case is very similar with the California
Brewery. Mr. Dltmar, one of the proprietors
of this brewery two or three years ago, was also
a driver for the Chicago Brewery. He bought
into the California Brewery, which was then
only a small concern, turning out 900 to lOUO
barrels of beer a month. Now it turns
out between 1700 and 2000 barrels
a month. lias the California Brewery
also largely profited at the expense of
the Chicago? If so it has been a terrible cut
Into tho Chicago's trade. Hero you see good
foundations for believing that jealousy, ill will
and suspicion are cieeping into the association.
As in the cn^e of these breweries I have men
tioned so with all, and they are all at swords'
points.
Those who are eager to hold the associa
tion together are making a vieorous
struggle against the great odds. In the
hope of keeping the combine from going
to pieces a proposition has been suggested
that it is believed will have the desired
effect. At present the drivers do most of
the business in gelling beer and collecting
the money, and it is at their door directly
and indirectly that the troubie is laid.
The proposition is that all of the brewers
shall shake hands again and once more
pledge themselves to obey the association's
rules. Then the collecting will be taken
out of the hands of the drivers and col
lectors and placed in the hands of five
collectors to be appointed by the associa
tion. Each official collector shall work in
a district by himself. All of the money
shall be turned into the association, and
from there distributed to the brewers. In
this way, it is asserted, it will be almost
impossible to cut.
There is a little matter in this sugges
tion that has not been considered. It will
deprive the beer wagon drivers of their in
dividuality as a body, and they will be
come simply beer expressmen. At present
many a man does a good business where
he can meet his patrons on an equal foot
ing. If such a course is adopted it is not
at all unlikely that the beer wagon drivers
will enter a serious protest and possibly go
out on a strike. There is still another ob
stacle in the way. More beer could be de
livered on the sly than would be charged
for in the accounts. Pending the next
meeting every possible suggestion is being
discussed for the purpose of holding the
association together.
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Foreman Buchanan and Hosemen Hall
and. Hannah — Petitions
Considered.
The Fire .Commissioners had a long ses
sion yesterday afternoon, occasioned by
the trial of a foreman and two other mem
bers of the department.
James Buchanan, foreman of Engine
Company, 9, was charged with neglect of
duty in not reporting to his superior of
ficers the fact that goods had been stolen
by members of his company from the
premises of Hoffman <fc Alexander, Bat
tery and Bush streets, during the recent
fire there. ;; The charge was sustained and
ne was dismissed from the department.
. \W> m jjajj of engine y and James, J^
Hannah of engine 9 were dismissed from i
the department, the former for being in- j
toxicated on Christmas day and the latter I
on Christmas eve. !
Jerry Sweeny was promoted from hose
man of engine 17 to driver of the Monitor
battery. W. Dinan and George Lahusen
were appointed to engine 0 and Joseph
Pope to engine 30.
The petition of the Police Department
for permission to use the lot on O'Farrell
street, near Broderick, on which to erect a
station-house, was referred to the Board of
Supervisors with the recommendation to
transfer the lot to the Police Department
till it should be wanted by the Fire Depart
ment.
In regard to the petition of the boy James
Maloney, who was run over by the wagon
of engine 10, it was decided to recommend
to the Board of Supervisors the acceptance
of his proposition to reimburse him for all
bis expenses, as from the testimony it was
shown that the driver of the wagon was at
fault.
FINAL BLYTHE PAPERS
Two Important Documents Are Filed Jn
tfce Probate Court.
The Public Administrator has filed his
last account in the Blythe case, and Gen
eral Hart has applied to have the estate
distributed.
The account shows that there is now on
hand in the City treasury $79,842 94 in
cash belonging to the estate.
On July 1, 1895, from which time the
report dates, there was $92,645 89. The
receipts swelled this amount to $156,931 24,
and the disbursements reached $77,088 30.
Rent is the biggest item included in the
receipts. These rents were received from
seventy-five tenants and range from Davis
Bros', monthly remittance of $1450 and
that of the City of Paris of $1240 to $50
from Lyons the "boot black and $10 and $12
from others who occupy only one room in
one of the buildings.
The petition for distribution recites a
history of the entire caße and ends by
making the usual prayer in such cases.
It will be heard on January 14. Both doc
uments are very bulky, each containing
nearly 100 pages."
PREPARING A MEMORIAL
The Committee of Fifty Is Now
Getting Down to Actual
Work.
A Strong Address to Congress Will Be
forwarded Within the Next
Week.
It is expected that within the next week
at the latest the memorial on the funding
bill will be sent to Congress, and that by
the time the measure is called up it will be
on the de9k of every Senator ana Repre
sentative.
The sub-committee of the committee of
fifty having the matter tn hand met yes
terday in Mayor Sutro's office at the City
Hall, and discussed it at length.
The result was the appointment of an
other committee consisting v>f Judge Mc-
Kinstry, John T. Doyle and George K.
Fitch to draw up the document iv the
strongest possible form.
The memorial will lay great stress on
the point raised by Mr. Doyle at the first
meeting of the committee, which is th:it
the so-called first-mortgage bonds of the
Central Pacific Company are not in fact
such, but that the Government loan of
over $27,000,000 is in reality a first mort-
gaee.
The memorial will not claim that the
bonds were not intended as a first mort
gage and that the laws creating them de
signed that they should be-, but that they
were not legally issued and do not fill the
requirements of the act.
The power and duties of Coneress will
be plainly set forth and the memorial is
expected to have the desired effect.
Mayor Sutro thinks so, and has changed
his views regarding the ontcome of the
tight. A few da3*s ago he said the railroad
was snre to win," but that the fight must
be made anyway. Now he feels differently.
"Old Huntington will get licked," he
remarked gleefully yesterday. "He
thought he had a sure thing this session,
but unless things change before he tries to
pass the bill he will be beaten. We are
receiving encouraging reports from Wash
ington almost every day, though I do not
care to say just what they contain. It has
always been my experience that in sessions
of Congress just before Presidential elec
tions the members are very careful how
they act. Then is the time when party
obligations are the strongest, and the fear
of injuring party interests makes men
careful not to commit themselves to meas
ures that they know will be unpopular.
"I think Huntington will find it hard to
influence this Congress in favor of his
infamous scheme.''
NEW TO-DAT.
Marvelous
when undergoing much strain
of Body or Brain.
THE IDEAL TONIC:
•< I find it uniformly beneficial, it
strengthens the entire system."
Emma Juch.
j Mailed Free. | i<iiil
j Descriptive Book with Testimony and
I Portraits
I OP NOTED CELEBRITIES.
Beneficial and Agreeable.
; » Every Test JProves Reputation.
ATOid Sibrtltntlons. Askfor'TinHariuL*
At Druggists and Fancy Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
Paiis: 41 Bd. H»n«sni»na. KJW 15tiSt KewTfil*. i
LoßDoa: 23» Oxford Strwt. °* W • As »-»;., c*e * *»«• J
Danger Signals
More than half tbt victims of consump-
tion do not know they have it. Here is a list
of symptoms by which consumption can
certainly be detected:—
Cougb, one or two slight efforts oa
rising, occurring during the day and fre-
quently during the night.
L Short breathing after exertion.
Tightness of the chest. ■ x .
Quick pulse, especially noticeable in the
evening and after a full meal.
" Chilliness in the evening, followed by
Slight fever.
Perspiration toward morning and
Tale face and languid in the morning.
B Loss of vitality.
If you have these symptoms, or any of
them, do not delay. There are many
preparations which claim to be cures, but
Dr. Hcler** Ciatlsb Rcmflvfor Consumption
has the highest endorsements, and ha?
stood the test of years. It will arrest con-
sumption in its earlier stages, and drive
away the symptoms named. It is manu-
factured by the Acker Medicine Co., 16
and 18 Chambers St., New York, and sold
by all reputable druggists. . •'
■* ua nir-.i...u. ll ,!ir,ii,. J^i l j**T7rai £_
LIFE'S_LESSON
Teaches Yon and Teaches All That
mistakes Are Made and Errors :
Mnst Be Corrected.
If you have erred in youth, if you have
dissipated in early manhood, if you have
i misused your liver or kidneys you should
j begin to put away false notions of pride and
make yourself a man complete. If you wish
[to begin on the right path use the Great
■Hudyan. You can get it only from th*
Hudson Medical Institute. Hudyan. cures
certain forms of lingering, wasting dis-
eases. Hudyan cures nervous debility,
nervous exhaustion and nerve losses.
Hudyan cures certain forms of constipa-
tion, liver- and kidney troubles. Hudyan
is a specific and must be carefully used.
! It is harmless, but to have the best results
care must be taken in the using of the
great Hudyan. •• . '
■ Send for circulars and test imonials of the
great Hudyan.
HUDSON MEDiCAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD- Impirre blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for. "Blood Book" to
the old physicians. of the Hndson Medical Iq. '
Btitute, Stockton, Market and Kili3 streets. .
' MVER- -your liver Is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. ■ You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a jrood.liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
••All About the Liver," sent.free. :: :.-. ■:, -'
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDXKY Remedies are. now sought for by
many men, because so many men livertpia
lives— iup their kidneys. If you wish to
have yourkidneya put in good order send fot
onr Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. Th» book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys."
Bent free. •_
Hndson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAX FEANCISCO, CAL. .
TWELFTH SEMI-AM'AL
.. . — OF* THE f £\
MUTUAL SAVINGS BAI
OF SAN, FRANCISCO,
No. 33 Fost Street.
CAPITA*. STOCK, sub- i-V-'.. '■'']
5cribed......;..." 000,000 OO
Of which has been paid ija- ; .'''.':/ ; '-.'•' "
gold c0in...., ...'..■ 300,000 00
Of the condition and value of the Aasets and Lia-
bilities of THE MUTUAL, SAVINGS BANK
of San Francisco, a corporation doing business at
S3 Post street, City of San >'ranci»co, St*t« of
California, and where .said assets ivere situated on
December 31, 1595. • v". -;•.:.' ~/;-S:-- •':
"\ r : Vjl\ 1\ : assets. ,;^--^'
Promissory notes secured by first
mortirace on Real Estate, within ■•-•:-•
. this State and Oregon. The actual
value of said promissory notes is 1,815, 65 -
Real estate.taken for debt ..:..: ■ 81,200
United States 4 per cent coupon • • ;
bonds of 1807 •. 112,250 00
(These bonds are owned and
controlled by this corporation • '
and are kept in the vaults of the • •"■,.'.•
National Bank of Commerce In
New York City.)
Miscellaneous bonds and stocks ... 768,898 05
Bonds, evidences of indebtedness, .
and shares of capital stock of
corporations upon which this • v. - -
corporation has advanced -.. '209,528 32
(All Baid promissory notes,
bonds, evidences of indebted-.
ness and stock certiflcatPt are i
kept in the vaults of this cor-
poration and la safe deposit ' ' '.
boxes and in the deposit vault
department of the First National • " ;
Bank.)
Cash in gold, silver and currency.
the actual value of which is: : • '
In vault 5 5&.571 32 '
In bank...- -... 263,966 .■•--■
823,55815
Furniture and fixtures .. 2,116 51
Taxes paid in advance -...-.... U441
Total assets ..S. «3,263,043 98
I-lABII.ITIES.
To depositors this corporation owes
deposits amounting to and the - ■'.'■:-.
actual cash valne of which i 5.. .. $2,876,1 33
To stockholders, the amouc: of
capital paid in, the actual value -- * .
of which is 300,000 00
(The condition of said liability to
stockholders Is that no part of
the amount can be paid to them
or In any way withdrawn, ex-
■ cept in payment of losses aurinj;
the existence of the corporation,
nor until depositor* shall have
been paid iv full the amount of . . •
their deposits and declared divi-
dends.)
; Contingent fund (Including the
amount of accrued but uncol-
lected inieresi on investment*). 87,838 65
Total liabilities 3,263,043 98
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OV KAN FBAN'
CISCO.
By JAMES D. PHEI.AN. President. ••
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
State of CalTtobxia. 1 
City and County of San Francisco./ oa-
We do solemnly swear that we have, and each of
us has, a personal knowledge of the matters con-
tained in the foregoing report, and that every-
allegation, statement, matter, and thine therein
contained is true, to the best of our knowledge and
belief. J aMES i>. PHEuAN, President.
GEOKGE A. STORY, Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day
of December, 1895.
R. D. McKLROY, Notary Public.
! Mo Pereeatage Pharmacy, 953 Mariet 3L ?
•«• ■ ■■ an •*• laxative refreshlnx fa '
I U EH U X frult Ioz «nge,
Inninßl very Mreeable to take. •
CONSTIPATION
■ ■•>■■»■ __ __ hemorrhoids, bile,
1 U i! ! K. LS loss of a rp<-titp. pastric au4
IRfl ( I «_. fill .intestinal troubles and
■■■■*■*■■■ hea<l»che arising
' from them. • *
Ami ■ ii r J 33 Ruf dcs Archives,' P»rU
XXI IN TWdea Ar;hir*s PmUWITH GAPING WALLS AND LEAKING ROOF
Dilapidated Condition of the
San Francisco Pest
house.
"ANNIE" AND HER ORGAN
Tour of Inspection by Members
':.:■■ of the City Board of
'■;:'%^S? Health.
AMID DECAY AND DESOLATION.
■: Unprepossessing Aspect of a Hospital
.'•'.■tQ Which Any One May Be
'.':■ :■■;"•;:. Compelled to Go.
:"-■ .'■■>■ ■:■■■ '. ■ '-~ '- :
: An official inspection of the Txventy
sixth street; Hospital, more familiarly and
anore correctly known as ' the San Fran
cisco {>s"hqu«e. was made yesterday by
the Ho-spitalancl Aimshous'e Committee of
the IJoard o-f, Health. .
; This', committee . js composed of Dr.
■}lenfy' : 11. Hart (chairman). Dr. J. M.
WfHla.msoiv.and Dr. Gf. J. Fitzgibbon. The
•• members. \ye.r.e a?,?iMed .in the work ; of in
■ .'h by;l).r, A. P. O'Brien, who lias the
' immediate m.edic&i charge or the patients
.. the-institut'on. -.■■'. -.'.: ;-.
SC.ENES AT TML CITY PESTHOLSE— HOW THE LEPERS ARE FED AND HOUSE]
The ohjec.t o|f. yesterday's -visit was to
study the dilapidation of the place and tc
take note.qf the facilities that are lacking,
will a view to urging improvement of the
present buildings or tbe establishment of a
new home, for thelepers and.other unfor
tunates. who are .confined 1 within the
dismal ihclosure and most. of whom will be
liberated only by death. :
No scientific training was needed for the
'hs-epvery of the- inadequate conditions of
the place, -and a respectable farmer would
hardly think of housing cattle in the
tiimble-rdown. buildings. The physicians
accompanied on; their inspection tour
'lirebcntati.yes of The Call. Not a
factory feature .of the whole institu
r.tion coujd jje pqiined.out. : "
A h<-.;ivv fog hunjr : over"tlie melancholy
scfne when ,the inspectors drove dp to the
gate of;.; the un-painted high board fence.
. fhf marsh below the iuclosure was just
discernible, with a few screaming .geese,
some, pigs and a. black goat feeding where
tbe ol.t wfjotien -sewer from the little hos-
: ' ji'tal iias" its outlet. '.
Steward .). P. .Keating unlocked the gate
and the physicians drove their carriages
before the. office; door, and left them lined
up as if for a funeral, a young leper of
American family hastened out of sight at
the approach' of the visitors. The only
!-ound about the place was from the plain
tive reeds of a sort of small organette,
v-'nieh v the sole delight of "Old Annie," a
Chinese woman who has been in the insti
tution for years, and who can have but a
.brief time longer to live.
Old Annie's room opened to view as the
inspectors passed through the corrilor.
Tie patient, muffled almost out of Bight,
stood grinding away at the music. and her
unceasing tune was":
: : There's a lard that is fairer than day.
And by taitn we can see it afar;
;■ For the Father waits over t le way,
To prepare us a dwelling-place there.
"This woman has leprosy in its worst
stage," said Dr. O'Brien, "and besides that,
she has almost every other disease that a
woman might eontriiot in the low life of
Chinatown. She has been here a Jong
time, but she has only a little time to re
main." And whether she understood or
not, the woman looked up as she began
her chorus :
In the s.vert by and by.
We shall meet on that beautiful shore.
All the other patients were visited.
Then the men marched out through a nar
row uncovered passageway to get. their
noontime meal of soup, conn.'d beef and
eabb.ige. bread, rice and coffee.
•'They live well," volunteered Steward
j Keating, and an affirmative reply was
; given to a question whether the patients
; bad to thus go after their food whatever
; the weather might be.
(Jee Yoo, whojjis old and blind, in addi
; <ion to his other trouble?, occupies a cheer
less room. His only luxury w;is in the
form of hooks, which the leper could not
have read bad he been able to see.
Ah Sne has been in the board-wall prison
only two weeks, and has net long been a
leper. His roommate is a paralytic, who
has other troubles just as serious*.
And so through the hospital went the
physicians. "This is the worst patient ot
the lot," explained the steward, as a China
man with a cancer was visited. Then the
story of two white boys who inherited
leprosy was told. There were three of the
young fellows there, all from one family,
but one climbed t lie fence and ran away
not long: ago, and nobody knows what be-
i came of him. A young American leper
\ abroad in his native land is not a pleasant
j thing to contemplate.
"What do they do for amusement?" re
! neated the steward in reply to a question.
I "Oh, they get around and talk and amuse
j themselves the best way they can." And
'■■ then came the suggestion from old Annie's
j organeite :
Wo shall sine on that beautiful shore
The melodious songs of the blest,
And our spirits shall sorrow no more,
No. a sigh for the blessing of rest.
"lt's a kind of a hard-looking place,"
said Steward Keating, "but when you get
used to it you don't mind."
Dr. O'Brien pointed out the deficiencies
from a medical point of view, and the nen
eral deficiencies wr-re very apparent. Most
! parts of the main building, which has
I mottled colors that suggest the nature of
the diseases treated there, let in the fresh
| air and the sunshine, the rain, the fog and
the cold, through many :i crack and crevice
; in the walls and ceilings. That is one way
i of ventilation, and it is In vogue in the
' dormitory, where the only stove or other
i bit of heating apparatus is in the little
squalid sitting-room.
■'This is the ward for use in case of any
\ epidemic," said Dr. O'Brien to a reporter.
j *'It ii a miserable place, but you or any
i other man is apt to be brought here at any
| time." And at the moment came the reas
i suring melody :
In the sweet by and by
We shall meet on that beautiful shore.
"These poor patients are particularJy iv
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
need of clothes," said Dr. Hart, the chair
man of the committee. I% The clothing is
usually supplied by donation, but some
times the Supervisors contribute. A new
building ought to be given at once, but
the patients need clothes just now.
"The building, as you see, is entirely in
adequate, and there are only two warm
rooms in the house. The kitchen is clean
and so is the dining-room for the em
ployes, but that is about all we can say in
praise of the hospital. The food is plenti
ful and is lirst class.
'The only fire for the patients is in the
sitting-room, which is about eight feet
square, and in spite of the fire that room
is chilly and unprepossessing, and the in
mates are usually shivering.
"Outside, the buildings have to be
propped up, and they are ereatly in need
of paint or whitewash. There is only an
old, decaying wooden sewer that has an
outlet in the marsh just below, and the
washing for the inmates is all done in the
yard.
"Goats, geese, chickens, duoks and pigs
feed at the outlet of the sewer, and I pre
sume that some of the stock grown there
finds its way into the City markets.
"There is no telephone at the place and
no means of communicating with the City
in case of lire or other trouble. There is
not one satisfactory ieature about the
place."
The other physicians concurred in this
statement, and as the inspectors declined
an invitation to dinner and prepared to
drive away, Old Annie's music-box ground
out:
To our bountiful Father above,
We will oiler our tribute of praise,
For tin- glorious gift of his love,
And tin- blessings that hallow our days.
ALHAMBEA DEDICATION.
New Theater at Redwood City to Be
Formally Opened Janu
ary 20.
The Alhambra Theater of Redwood City,
a beautiful temple of the drama designed
by A. Page Brown and erected by Charles
Josselyn, will be formally opened or dedi
cated Monday evening, January 20.
The scenery for the new theater has been
painted by John Stanton, and reflects
credit on the skill and taste of this indus
trious artist. The drop-curtain is a gem
of beauty, which excites the admiration
of actors ami brother artists.
The new electric plant in Redwood City
for lighting the residence sections and sub
urb? of ibc town is now completed, and
the new opera-house will be lighted
throughout by electricity od the occasion
of the opening.
Mr. Josselyn hesitated for some time
whether to engage a number of talented
amateurs for the opening performance or
place the management wholly in profes
sional charge for that evening. Finally
the managers of the Columbia Theater
made a proposition so manifestly fair and
so attractive withal that he acceded to the
terms proposed.
The theater will be formally opened by
the entire Frawley companyin the play
oi "The Senator." Tne percentage of the
gross receipts which goes to Mr. Josselyn
under the contracts will be transferred to
the fund now being raised in Redwood to
purchase a dock to be placed in the tower
! of the High School. The sum of $HOO has
already been raised, and the amount which
Mr. Josselyn expects to receive from the
initial performance, added to the money
on band, will be sufficient to buy a mag
j nificent timepiece.
The dedication of the new opera house
will he quite an event in San Mateo Coun
ty. Following the performance there will
be a grand ball which will be attended by
tbe leading people of Redwood City and
adjacent towns.
In due time announcement of the excur
sion rates and special trains from San
Francisco to Redwood will be made. The
managers of tlse Columbia Theater desire
to add" another town to their circuit and
will make a special effort to render the
production of "The Senator" complete in
every detail.
GRAND JURY SESSION.
An Indictment Found Against I.mn R.
Meyers— Ball Ten Thousand
Dollars.
The first business session of the new
Grand Jury was held yesterday afternoon,
when sixteen of the ninetsen members
were present.
District Attorney Barnes attended the
session. Mrs. Lindsley and two children—
Liliie Lindsley and Augustine Parrott —
were witnesses in a case wherein Leon R.
Meyers was the accused. Meyers was
on the advice of the District Attorney
indicted on a charge of felonious assault.
The Gr?.nd Jury reported the indictment
to Judge Murphy and Meyers' bond was
fixed at $10,000. Meyers was in custody !
when the indictment was found.
T!ie stand me committee of the Grand
Jury will be announced next week. It was
agreed to meet Monday and Friday of each
week. The jury adjourned to meet next
Monday at 2 r. m.
RUDDELL UNDER FIRE
Collector Wise After the
Deputy Surveyor's
Scalp.
DUPLICITY IS CHARGED.
Startling Statement by Inspector
Williams About the
Accused.
THOSE ATLANTA FAIR CHINESE.
They and the Highbinders Are Giving
the Custom-House No End of
Trouble.
Collector of the Port John H. Wise is j
after the scalp of Samuel J. Ruddell, the j
Deputy Surveyor. Mr. Wise is of the opin- j
ion that Ruddell has been acting the
enemy while playing the friend. An in
vestigation of Mr. Ruddell is now in prog- I
rcss and orders are expected by Special !
Agen< Moore at any time from the Treas
ury Department to prepare a full and com
plete report on Mr. Ruddell's record.
It was almost v, holly due to Wise's
efforts in Ruddell's behalf that Surveyor \
William D. English retained Ruddell as j
deputy when Paris Kilburn went out' of |
the Surveyorship. Ruddell is a Democrat, |
and Wise believed him to be a personal as
well as a political friend. Wise does not
now bel ieve that Ruddell is either.
The present clash between the Collector
of the Port and the Deputy Surveyor was
caused by Ruddeli's conduct in connection
with the admission into this City of the
AtlantaFairChiLie.se. said to have been
imported by Lang Nam and Fong Ching,
alias "Little Pete."
Ruddell made very poor success, it is
charged, of his effort to intercept the
train at Port Costa upon which the Chi
nese were to arrive — so poor, it is said,
that the train with the Chinese left Port
Costa some time before Ruddeli's subor
dinates arrived there.
Ruddell, it is further alleged, caused to !
be trumped up a story insinuating that j
Chinese Inspector Richard Williams was
responsible for the failure to intercept by
reason ol collusion with the importers.
The whole matter of intercepting the
train "was placed in the hands of Ruddell,
who sent District Officer Lenry of the Pa
citic Mail dock, with an assistant and a !
Chinese interpreter named Louie Quong, j
to do the work, but the train, of course, i
did not wait for them— it had no particu
lar reason to disregard the railroad time ;
schedule.
There have been several very warm in
terviews between Collector Wise and Rud
dell in the former's office since that inci
dent. With Williams on hand to face
Ruddell the Collector has simply touched
his button and compelled the Deputy
Surveyor to appear. AtKuddell's last ap
pearance he was flatly charged with caus
ing the publication in the Examiner of the
story containing the insinuations against
Williams. Rui'.deil disclaimed all connec
tion with it, ana tried to act as plausibly
as possible under the circumstances.
Williams also took him to task to his
face for the story, and challenced him to
show one instance wherein any collusion
between Williams and the Chinese im
porters of unfortunate women could be
shown. Williams also pave him to under
stand that a comparison of records might
be in order and he would sec that one was
made. He reminded Ruddell of the scan
dals in-the Chinese bureau when Ruddell
was in that branch of the service.
The interview closed very hotly and
open hostilities were declared by Messrs.
Wise and Williams against Ruddell
thenceforth. Since then Williams has
made s. few trips to the Appraisers' build
ing, and each time visited the office of
Special Treasury Agent Moore, who has
been watching Ruddell for some time.
An effort was made to ascertain from
Moore yesterday afternoon if any investi
gation of Rudclell's record since he has
been connected with the customs service
would be made, but Moore would not com
mit himself. The nature of Moore's du
ties, it seems, will not oermit him to di
vulge his intentions. Hut from other
sources it is learned that lluddell is to be
accused by Collector Wise of betraying
the secrets of the Custom-house and caus
ing false reports to be published, provided
the collector can establish the slightest
proof that Ruddcll has reaily ueen guilty
of so doing.
There have been numerous attacks in the
Examiner upon the Collector and Wise
has been led to inquire into their animus
and motive. He is now half convinced
One of Wong Sam's Import-;.
' that Ruddell has all along bean engaged
in a conspiracy against him to down him
i politically. He intimates this much, but
j is averse to makinp any statement for
j publication at present.
Chinese Inspector Williams talks more
openly. He hints that Ruddell has re
ceived presents from Chinese wuile
in the service and declares that he
j secured a position in the Chinese con
i sulate for his brother-in-law, McGovern,
when Ruddell was in the Chinese bureau.
Williams made this statement in the
Collector's office yesterday afternoon :
The Collector has been wondering all along
why it is that the secrets of the Treasury De
partment have been allowed to leak out. "Now,
the Surveyor's office knows everything that is
going on, and invariably information is al
lowed to get out which upsets all the plans of
the Collector.
Take this matter of the Atlanta Fair Chinese,
for instance, and see how he worked it. At his
own suggestion the work of intercepting them
wns given to him. What was the very first
tning he did? Why, he sent up to Chinatown
to hire several Chinese express-wagons to go
over to the Oakland mole.
Of courtie, when these Chinese expressmen
were engaged they naturally told their busi
ness to every Chinaman they met, and in a lit
tle while Ihe news was nil over Chinatown
that the Atlanta Fair Chinese were to be inter-
He charges that I refused to go to Port Costa.
Why, how could I refuse any orders given to
me? The truth is 1 told him at the time that
he was making a botch of the thing, but I did
not refuse to go. I simply asked him which he
would send, Louie Qwong or myself. He sent
Louie Qwong.
Now, he knew just as well as any one— or lie
ought to have known, if he didn't — what time
the train would be at Port Costa. Yet, now
did it all turn out? Why, when Leary Rot
there the train with the Chinese had pulled
out and was on its way to this city.
He realizes now that he did very bad work,
aud he wants to shoulder the bis ine on some
body else. If he goes around making any
chnrces against me I will give him a pretty
hot titrht; I will give him all he wants. I tell
you that I could take two 12-year-old boys
with me and locate every one of the*e Chinese.
But he has let them all slip in through his
fingers.
So the matter stands. "It is now a fight
to a finish," Inspector Williams concluded,
"whether Ruddell wants one or not."
WILLIAMS AND TBE SEE YUPS.
Thi3 Organization Has Resolved to Down the
Inspector-
There has been a general conspiracy go
ing on against Williams, he says, among
the highbinders, which Williams thinks
he can trace to the Surveyor's end of the
service. Two Chinese in particular have
been very busy circulating all kinds of
stories about him — namely, Choo Foo and
Wong Sam. The result is all Chinatown
is agog with gossip, of which Williams is
the central figure.
At the last meeting of the new organiza
tion of the See Yups, at the northwest
corner of Sacramento street and Waverley
place, the determination was reached to
use every conceivable means of ruining
Williams.
The reason of Wong Sam's tight against
Williams is found in his disappointment
in an attempt to land three Chinese
women for immoral purposes and two
boys who had no right to be admitted.
The women were ordered to be deported,
and Wong S.m has been careful not to
sue out writs of habeas corpus in their
cases.
Following is a copy of an affidavit sworn
to by a Chinese woman at the Presbpterian
Mission— one of the three imported by-
Wong Sam— and it is illustrative of the
representations made by the Chintse im
porters and their slaves:
Dong Sun Yet, being duly sworn according
to law, deposes and says:
My true name is Dong Sun Yet, but my cer
tificate calls me Jew Ah Fung. lam 20 years
old, but my certificate calls me 1(3 years old. I
am not married and am a native of China. I
was in a house of ill-fame for five years. Said
house of ill-fame of which I was" an inmate
was situated in the street of Jen Ying, in Can
ton. China.
In Hongkong I was sold to a Chinese woman
for $3£)o (Mexican dollars). Said Chinese
woman was to bring me to a Chinese woman
In San Francisco, named Ati Ling, with whom
I was to stay for four and a half years iv a
house of ill-iame. Then I was to be "free.
At the time I was examined on the steamer
after my arrival, before a white man, n China
roan named Jew All JJuck claimed to be my
father and a Chinese woman claimed to be ray
mother. I had never seen them before. They
are not my father and mother. My own father's
m;me is (Thin Ah Die. He is living now in
China. My mother is dead. I was told in
Hongkong to say that my father and mother
were i:i San Francisco, and also told to say of a
woman and man who might come to meet that
they were my father and mother. I also made
the statement that I had a brother named Jew
Ah Die. Said .statement is untrue. I have
never seen Jew Ah Die in my life. He is not
my brother. I was told in Hongkong to so state
that I had such brother nnd motherand father,
so that I could get off and lan<' and in order to
agree with my certificate. Such certificate was
given to me by a Chinese woman in Hongkong.
I have never been to this country before and
was born in China.
I now say that the statements that I made on
the steamer are false, and that the statement I
now make is true. I make this of my own free
will. ( her
Dong X Sun "Vet.
mark
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of December, 1895. Lee D. Craig,
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California:
Collector Wise has in his possession an
affidavit — similar in its import — from one
of the other women. For each of these
three women, says Inspector Williams,
Wong Ram was to get $1000 on their sale
into slavery. Williams adds that he
spoiled Wong Sam's game and in conse
quence Wong Sam has circulated lies about
him all over Chinatown.
Around the Custom-house it is being
told in whispers that a prominent white
attorney identified with the Six Companies
has been behind Little Pete in the securing
of the Atlanta Fair women. Vice-Consul
King Owyang, the chief Chinese conces
sionaire, is ulso implicated.
A change has occurred in the Chinese
consulate which is signiricant. considering
what has been going on in Chinatown of
late. Fung Yung Hun is now nctint* Con
sul-General in place of tiie regular Consul-
General. The explanation given out is
that the regular Consul-Gen eral ha 3 been
detailed to the work of preparing a new
treaty between China and Mexico.
A SHORT-LIVED STRIKE
Lasters Walked Out of P. F.
Nolan's Shoe Factory for
a Few Hours.
The Difficulty, Which Was Over the
Wages, Was Soon Satisfactorily
Settled.
The. lasters in P. F. Nolan's shoe factory
on Stevenson street went on a strike yes
terday, but the strike was as short-lived as
it was unexpected. To-day they will all
be at their benches again, so they promise.
The trouble was over the wages to iasters
handling a certain class of shoe.
The Nolans are making a specialty of
one of their brands of shoes, and eight or
ten lasters were employed in that line. It
was their desire to increase the output
and in order to do so it was decided to
make a reduction of 12 cents on each pair
of slices. Such was the understanding
when the factory closed on Tuesday even
ing. Then the men on Wednesday dis
cussed the situation and arrived at the
conclusion that they didn't like the change
a little bit.
Yesterday when it was time to go to
work those who returned tn their benches
noticed that there were a number of the
ODerativfcs absent, ami it was taken for
granted that they tiad gone out on a strike
rather than to submit to a reduction. A
co-.incil of war was held, and the result
was that between thirty and forty las-ters
quit work and went out on the sidewalk
until the difficulty should be straighteneu
out.
The superintendent, Julius Cahlman,
was away at the tune, but as soon as he
heard of the difficulty he sent word to the
foreman to entertain any committee the
lastera might send, and to give them to
understand that the proposed reduction
would not be made.
This was done and the difficulty was
straightened out very quickly. Last even
ing Mr. CahlmaH said that if he had been
at the factory he would not have let the
men go out; »hat the whole affair was
more of the nature of a misunderstanding j
than ii strike. "The men will all be at
their benches to-morrow," he added.
"There is no intention of cutting our
workmen's wages. The reduction of 2
cents would have been a benerit to them in
the long ran, because it would have made
a large increase in our output of this par
ticular brand and consequently more work
for the men. The statement that Mr.
Clark was in any way responsible for the
trouble is without foundation."
HARRY STETSON HURT.
He Was Thrown From a Horse at Bur
liiigaine and His Left Arm
Broken.
Harry Stetson had both the bones of his
left forearm broken just below the elbow
on New Year's afternoon while out riding
on the county road near Burlineame.
He was in the company of several
friends, when his horse suddenly bolted
ahd swerved, throwing him to the ground.
Mn Stetson came up to his home on Van
Ness avenue yesterday afternoon, after
spending the previous night at Walter
Hobart's cottage at Burlingame.
Dr. de Vecchi set the bones yesterday
afternoon. It was a simple break, and
Mr. Stetson expects to be out in a few
days, as the injury causes him very littUi
inconvenience.
DIRECTORS ARE UPHELD.
P. F. Dundon Fails to Have Them
Ousted From the Pacific
Bank.
WAS NO EVIDENCE OF FRAUD.
Judge Hebbard Suggests That They
Make Some Agreement to Pro
tect Depositors.
Judge Hebbard has denied the petition
| of P. F. Dundon to have remeved the direc
tors of the Pacitic Bank. The directors
whom he wished removed were: James M.
! McDonald, S. P. Long, H. G. Meyer, J. L.
I Cogswell, W. F. McAllister and J. 0. Jeph
! son.
The case came up under an order to show
cause why they should not be removed for
I mismanagement of the affairs of the bank.
j It was charged also that the directors had
! been purchasing the claims of depositors at
! less than face value, and that they had al-
I lowed themselves to be influenced entirely
by James McDonald in their management
| of affairs. It was further charged that
| McDonald had conducted the bank more in
i the interests of stockholders than of the
i depositors.
Judge Hebbard holds that the depositors
do not seem to have sustained any loss
from the acts of the directors complained
of. He further holds that even if all the
allegations set fortu were true, there would
still be great difficulty in attempting to
prove them. Unless fraud be proved, he
says, the method adopted by the dir-ctors
in settling claims, must be* presumed tj
have been done in the exercise of their dis
cretion ; and there was no evidence to show
that these discretionary powers were exer
cised in bad faith or with intent to defraud.
Continuing the cuurt says:
It is true that the Legislature has attempted
to provide a remedy through the courts by the
amendment of the act upon which this pro
ceeding is based, but under the peculiar cir
cumstances of this case, considering the
amendment in question and section 305 of the
Civil Code, which requires the directors of a
corporation to be holders of stock and t>e
elected by the stockholders, which section is
not repealed by the amendment, the court
could accomplish nothing tjy its interference.
To illustrate: Two of the respondents con
trol a majority of the stock. Stiouid the court
remove respondents an election to rill their
places would have to be held by the stockhold
ers. These two respondents would control
that election and would choose successors agree
able to themselves. The situation woulu re
main practically unchanged.
Conceding for the sake of argument that un
dtr the amendment the court could reach out
and select from the community six or nine
men who were not stockholders and appoint
them as directors to continue the liquidation
of the bank, where could be found men capa
ble, or even incapable, of performing the du
ties of such officers, who would be willing to
devote their time, energy ana ability to the
work for the sole remuneration of* $5 per
monthly meeting and the bitter denunciation
of depositors who had been shamefully and
cruelly wronged by former officers of this
bunk?
Moreover, for the court to appoint as direct
ors men who are not stookhoiuers would be to
appoint a number of receivers in the very ease
in which the Supreme Court has said that this
court has not the power to appoint a single re
ceiver.
Respondents have said that they "will carry
out any recommendation of this court." The
court therefore recommends thai respondents
do immediately, by written .Instruments, oral
declarations or other appropriate means, guar
antee to the directors and to the depositors,
many of whom after years of toil and careful
: saving have, become poor and distressed
: through ignorance and negligeuce and crime
i of those who they trusted, that they will not
I take a cent's worth of advantage of them in
•■ any manner whatever. If this promise be
: made and fulfilled then this proceeding will
not have been altogether in vain.
BANK DEPOSITORS MEET.
Will Ask the District Attorney to Reprose-
cute "Dick" McDonald.
A meeting of the depositors of the in
solvent People's Home Savings Bank was
hold last night at 102 O'Farrell street.
The occasion was productive of very little
encouragement for the people who had
collected to discuss means of securing
their savings.
A resolution was passed detailing the
executive committee to wait upon District
Attorney Barnes and to urge him to use
every diligence to push toe cases still
against McDonald and to inform the Dis
trict Attorney that the depositors are
with him in the efforts he exerts.
Thomas Mahoney tendered his resigna
tion as a member 'of the executive com
mittee and F. H. Qualman of 232 Fulton
street, who presided at last night's meet
ing, was elected to lill the vacancy.
A leijuest had been made to the Bank
Commissioners asking them to reduce the
running expenses of the People's Home
Savings Bank and the reply, under date of
December 13, 1895, was as follows:
T. S. Williams, Secretary Depositors' Commit
tee, San Francisco, Cat. —Dear Sir: I have the
NEW TO-DAT. • •
DON'T SUFFER A MINUTE FROM RHEUMATIC OR
other pains, from Kidney or Liver complaint. You need
not, as you can be cured, quickly and forever.
Day after day you see where people give public testimony
that they have been cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Now
it it was not a wonderfully effective remedy do you suppose it
would be producing these daily cures? Do you know of any
other remedy that can show such results ? Of course not, for no
other remedy can give you Electricity as Dr. Sanden's Electric
Belt does. It gives you Electricity for from three to eight hours,
and Electricity makes new life in your body.
"Makes People Strong."
"It is the best Electric Belt I ever saw, and I would not part
with it for any price," was said by a prominent State official
yesterday. The name of this gentleman, like many others of
prominence whom Dr. Sanden's Belt has cured, cannot be given
publicity, but Dr. Sanden will give it to any one calling at his
office. . :
(If Dr. Sanden was permitted to publish the names of half the men who have acknowledged
their cures Dy his Belt no one would doubt its power. But people are gradually flndiugftout.
and it is only a matter of a few years when this famous Belt will be in every household, and
used with immediate results in "most of the common ailments in which drugs are now so un-
satisfactorily used.) ,-,'--,,'..
Get the little book, "Three Classes of Men," free. All about the Belt and prices.
eljEctjiic CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B- to 6; Evenings, 7to 8:30; Sundays, 10 to 1.
Portland, Oreeon, Office, 253 Washington Street.
honor to state that the Board of Bank Com
missioiiers on December lw, acting under sec
tion 11 of bank act, limited the number of em
ployes (not including attorney) of the People's
Homo Savings Bank at two, anil limited the
salary of both at not to exceed s3oo per month,
said order to be in force and effect from and
after Janaarv 1, I^9o. Very respectfully,
C. 11. IM'nsmoor, Secretary.
T. S. Williams, secretary of the commit
tee, reported to the depositors that ther*
is no prospect of a dividend. Continuing
he said :
There is on band now in the California Safo
Deposit and Trust Company $-19,824 91 : In ihe
Columbian Banking Company, $4200.07; in
the vaults, $423 20— • total of $54,508 38.
We have had an offer of $131i,00p fo: the
bank stock, but are unable to sell because of
the condition imposed by the purchaser that
the transfer be made witn the stock free from
litigation. • ■ .•/
The directors criticized General Sheehan for
a statement he mc.de to the press, and he hn>l
tocrawiish and gay he made no such state
ment to the press. "When showed an article in
the Post he said it was distorted. " ■ ....
The directors are willing to declare a -} ■. per
cent dividend, but it would take about ah" the
money on hand and entail a good deal of work
to go through and apportion 000 accounts,
so they would rather wait until a 5 per cent
dividend could be declared, an apportionment
of the individual amounts having already- been
made on that basis. Endeavors re 'being
made now to sell property In San Diego, and
when that is sold it is hoped that the 5 per cent
dividend will be paid.
Some very vigorous denunciatory lan
guage was used by several of the individ
ual depositors, expressive of their objec
tion to J. Aiva Watt ami General John P.
Sheehan, whom the speakers said they
would like to see behind the bars where
"Dick' McDonald is.
An adjournment was taken, to meet at
the call of the executive committee.
A NEW YEAR'S BURGLARY.
Adolph Oppenheim's Pawnshop
Looted by a Gang of
Daring Thieves.
The Window Shattered With a Pitch-
fork and Jewelry Secured
Through the Opening.
Adolph Oppenheim, one of the im
portant witnesses whose memory was so
severely taxed in the notorious Duvrant
trial, was notified on New Year's morning
at his residence, 1402 Montgomery street,
that his place of business at 405 Grant
avenue hed been robbed during the night.
On arriving at the store be started an in
vestigation, w hich resulted in the finding
of a pitchfork, which had been used in
breaking the thick pkitejduss in the
window.
Mr. Oppenheim bas been in the habit of
leaving his jewelry in the window all
night, merely covering it over with a
newspaper, thereby saving himself the
trouble of transferring the unredeemed
pledges to the safe, hut a party or par
ties, beinjc aware of the deception, took
advantage of tiie din and confusion on the
streets New Year's eve and broke the
window with the pitchfork, thereby pro
curing jewelry, such as pins, rings,
bracelets, etc., to the amount of from $'250
to $.300.
Mr. Oppenheim is now as confident that
:he will transfer the jewelry iroru the
window to the safe from this flute on as be
j was of the description of 1) arrant.
A man whose name could net be learned.
was arrested yesterday at Ins room on
| Pine. street and was placed in the tantcs of
the City Prison to await the result of an
; investigation by the officers detailed on the
case.
» — « — •
THEY WANT PURE MILK.
Milkmen ludurtie the Ordinance Which
Is to Be Presented to the
Supervisors.
L. A. Haywards presided yesterday after
noon at a special meeting of the milkmen
of this City who are members of the Milk
men's Association, and E. A. Green offi
ciated as secretary. The object of the
meeting was to listen to the proposed ordi
nance which is to be presented to-day to
the Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors, regulating the qual
ity of the milk to be hereafter delivered to
consumers.
Health Officer Lovelace and Secretary ;
Godchaux of the Board of Health, Drs.
Morse and Creely and Milk Inspector
James Dockery, with Attorney Reinstein,
were present.
It was explained that the ordinance
under which Inspector Dockery was work
ing was vague, and that the milkmen had
no set lines on which to offer their goods
to the public. The new ordinance, bow
ever, provided a standard of purity which
would be satisfactory to the Board of
Health , and which could be well under
stood rjy the milkmen. The latter unani
mously agreed that the ordinance must be
beneticial to them as it wo-uld give them a
basis upon which to work. They heartily
indorsed tv«» efforts of the board of
Health, and tin's indorsement will ac
company the recommendation to be pre
sented to the Supervisors to-day.
56
[J CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUti,
""". Editor and Proprietor.
\ " SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Post^jje Free :
■ T*\\y and SunrlvvCALi., one vcfk.hycarrler.. so.ls
. pcily aji-1 Tiny Caix, one yonr, by ma 11.... 6.00
J-> ■>■ bihl Piin<!ay i^ six months, by mail.. 3.00
Taily end Pundsy Cam., lliw months by mail 1.50
) tniiy arid nilay Ca i.i., one month, by mail.. . .65
: i-.k:.i:;>v C.Ai-L.:oiie year, by mail '■..., 1.50
■ Whkw Caij,, one year, by ma 11.... 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
-.-:. IO Market Street,
■ •'"•'•' San Francisco, California.
Telephone.... : ■."..... ...Main—
. EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay
Ttlepbone ! Main— lß7*
. . BRANCH OFFICES;
' 6?0 Morv'comtry street, corner Clay: open nntU
f :?0 o'clock.
fFO Have-: rtreet; open until 0:30 o'clock.
Tl7 Lazkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
• t>\V . corner siiieeuth and Mission streets; opeD
lEtfl {. o'clock. ' •
»51b Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
iib fcimij street; open until 9 o'clock. ■ •
OAKLAND OFFICE :
£08 Broadway. :
EASTERN OFFICE;
Booms .'1 and 33, 34 rark Bom, New York City.
DAVIS JJ. FOLTZ, Special Agent,
KKIDAY.. ; JANUARY 3, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Stick to the swear-off.
Pay your debts and start new.
Carrying the war into Africa has become
a European fad. .
Help to make it a prosperous year for
home industries.
. ker Morgan touches the button and
Grover does the rest.
The emergency bill that confronts Cali
fornia is the funding bill.
It is nut Cuban independence bnt last
year's bills we must recognize now.
The new year Was welcomed everywhere,
but Pasadena gave it the best show.
Now that the holidays sre over there is
a chance for somebody to take a rest.
One by one the islands of the world bob
up, and now St". Thomas has the floor.
Wall street is still ready to save the
; country at the rate of~slo,ooo,otio a save.
The new year has taken the cake, but
there is a good deal of last year's dough
in. it. ■ ■ ; : .
Perhaps the only effective way to head
Cleveland off would be to take off his
head.: :.". : ■-./"■.
fornia is now into a floral festival
■with both feet and yet she has -an ice pal
■ace on her hands.
Every public-spirited citizen should ally
himself with some association organized
for the public good.
What the Transvaal -needs, is an African
Monroe doctrine and a power strong
enough to enforce it.
The .construction of the Nicaragua canal
will cost money of course, but it will save
more in the long run.
If the British would keep out of other
folks' frying pans they wouldn't have to
jump into the. tire so often.
Witii alt pur gettings t'uim year we must
pet a new chart -t— any change will be bet
' ter than the present one.
If the Oregon people cannot make money
out of their horse cannery they had better
turn it into a bicycle factory.
Before Cleveland makes another deal
with a bond syndicate he ought to De
. hauled: over the coals for his last deal.
In the new year as in the old the
slaughter of Armenians goes on and will
never stop until civilization compels it.
When the Democratic National Commit
tee meets to lix a place for the party con
vention it i;ad "better arrange at the same
time to advertise for candidates.
The probable action of the Senate on any
question that comes up will afford the
conn. ry all the guessing contents it wiil
need for amusement this winter.
Take it for all in all the political situa
tion of the country was never more inter
esting than at this time and never more
likely to result in surprise parties.
All San Franciscans who can afford it
should go to Pasadena and manifest the
interest the metropolis feels in every en
terprise undertaken in any part of the
State/
The fellows who reported that Cleve
land, would appoint Fuller, Phelps and
■ Lincoln to the Venezuelan Commission
made a very good guess, but they guessed
wrong.
Two new year's resolutions that West
ern Congressmen should st<ck to are that
there must be DO funding bill, and there
must be a Nicaragua canal bill this
winter.
We are glad to welcome Governor Mor
ton as an avowed candidate for the Presi
dency; In the Republican wagon there is
room for -every aspirant, and the more the
merrier.
The Monroe doctrine will occupy a large
place in the next Presidential campaign,
but as it is a. card that all parties can play
it will cot have much effect in determin
ing the result.
England closed the old year by Doldly
marching into the Transvaal and begins
the new one by modestly crawling out
again as if she had made a swear-off on
land-grabbing.
The Eastern States have so many candi
dates for the Republican nomination for
the Presidency that the Pacific Coast
ought to put one forward just to show it is
in the procession.
The purchase of St. Thomas from Den
mark would be another step toward re
. moving European domination from this
hemisphere, and all such steps are worth
taking even if they do cost something.
The. new buildings for the Affiliated Col
leges cannot be made impressive by size
or magnificence and for that reason all the
more care siiould be taken, to give them
the grace and beauty of well-ordered
architecture.
If there is any way by which the ferry
riepot can be constructed of California
granite insteid of Oregon graystone it
should be done. Granite is better than
gray stone and California is a little bit bet
■.or t tifln.Orr»irr»n
THE VENEZUELAN COMMISSION.
The Venezuelan Commission appointed
by President Cleveland is somewhat dis
appointing. The members are able in
their respective ways, but they do not
constitute as strong a body as the people
were led to look for. A scholarly knowl
edge of international Jaw and a thorough
honesty of purpose each of them undoubt
edly possesses, but it is by no means certain
that any of them has the statesmanship to
grasp the broader issues of the subject and
comprehend the question as one of a far
reaching American policy and not a mere
controversy over a region of swamp lands
to be settled by the technicalities of text
books.
Of the five members of the commission
only Andrew D. White has had any ex
perience in diplomacy or statecraft, and
even he has distinguished himself more as
a college president than as a foreign Min
ister. Brewer and Alvey have become
eminent as Judges, and have merited the
honors they have received, but they have
never been tested by the standards of
statesmanship. Coudert, an able lawyer
in New York, and President Oilman of
Johns Hopkins University are as eminent
as their colleagues, but are equally untried
in the management of great affairs of
state. Thus there is nothing in the record
of any of the Commissioners that affords
assurance of a statesmanlike sagacity in
dealing with an issue whose proper solu
tion depends far more upon wise statecraft
than upon the precedents of international
law.
An unfortunate weakness in the com
mission is found in the relation of all the
members of it to the great political parties
of the country. None of them are recog
nized representatives of either the Repub
lican or the Democratic party. In the
language of the day, they are not "stal
warts. " Brewer and Alvey, being on the
bench, have, of course, had little to do
with party politics, but Coudert has made
a reputation as a Democratic bolter,
White has never been a strict Republican,
and Oilman has been so little of a Repub
lican he can hardly be called a party man
at all, and is only reported to be known as
having "Republican proclivities."
Cleveland has, in fact, appointed what
is practically a mugwump commission,
and it will not have the confidence of the
country as thoroughly as a commission
composed of such stalwart party men as
Fuller, Lincoln and Phelps would have
had. Mugwumps are eminently respect
able citizens who have the peculiar
mental characteristic of seeing more
faults in their own party than in that of
their opponents. The danger of intrusting
foreign affairs to their decision 13 that this
same peculiarity may lead them to see
more faults in the American claim than in
the foreign claim. In their mugwump
desire not to lean toward the jingoes they
may lean too far the other way, and out of
their lack of sympathy with popular senti
ment they may be unable to feel the real
greatness and importance of the principle
which we wish through their management
to establish.
Fortunately whatever the commission
does will have to he referred to the Senate,
and if the work does not show an Ameri
canism sufficiently stalwart it can be re
jected. There will certainly be no tendency
anywhere to condemn it before it commits
an error. The public recognizes the ability
of the men who compose it, and in the
■ '..vjnee of any proof to the contrary will
expect them to be equal to the task before
them. We would have preferred men of
more experience in statecraft and truer
representatives of our great political par
ties, but perhaps when it comes to a. ques
tion between America and any foreign
power even the mugwumps themselves
may prove to be stalwarts.
DANGERS OP THE SEA.
Cheering news comes that the Miowera
is safe, though no explanation of her ex-
traordinary desertion of the Btrathnevia
has been given. She left the lattir ship
helpless on a dangerous coast and at the
mercy of a gale that was blowing heavily
onshore. It is true that the Miowera'a
two lines hnd parted, and that it was next
to impossible to make them fast again,
but the Miowera after the accident slipped
away in the dark without a signal of such
an intention and gave no heed to the
Strathnevis' repeated calls for a reply.
The peril of the Strathnevis illustrated
the helplessness of modern steams! Ips
with a broken shaft. Having insufficient
sailing facilities to give her headway in an
ordinary rough sea, she was an unresisting
prey to the violent storms which prevail at
this time of the year in the Northern Pa
cific Ocean. Steamships are stripped of
masts, spars and sails because these ad
juncts of safety lower the speed of the ves
sels under steam by offering resistance to
the wind. In other words, speed is deemed
a more important consideration than
human life.
As the shaft is the weakest part of the
machinery, and the most difficult to re
pair when broken, it seems strange that
inventive genius has not discovered a way
to make one that cannot be broken. Or
dinarily a shaft can be mended if the
weather is fair and the fracture is within
the body of the vessel, but in the case of
the Stratbnevis the fracture occurred >vith
out, close to the propeller, which sank.
With infinite labor the men of the vessel
had rigged a jury propeller made of some
boiler iron that happened to be aboard,
but there was no opportunity to test it
before the ship was picked up. It would
require a very sanguine temperament to
expect even headway to be secured by such
a device.
The method of making a shaft seems
crude and creatPS the expectation of break
ing. It is mereiy a piece of hammered
steel. If by some accident it should hap
pen to be truly homogeneous, the calcula
tion of its strength would be a simple mat
ter. It is strange that the idea adopted
by makers of fishing-rods has never bren
tried with steamer shafts. It is true that
the strain on a shaft is torsinaaJ, w ich is
not the case with a fishing-rod, but the
segmental plan of building, particularly if
the completed structure be given a perma
nent twist in the direction of its strain, as
can be done with metal, would JiKely pro
duce vastly greater strength than a homo
geneous piece of metal, as in such a case
the strain would be divided between ten
sile and torsional elements.
THE MINING EXCHANGE.
The organization of the San Francisco
Gold Mining Exchange has come none too
soon. It is an extraordinary fact that prac
tically the only mining securities which for
many years have been dealt in here are
those of the ComstocK lode in Nevada,
which represents silver-mining. The new
concern will not only list the worthy gold
mines of California, but will be an ex
change in the proper sense— it will pro
mote mining by serving as an agent be
tween mine-owners and capitalists. It is
in this particular that the most important
feature of the enterprise appears. It must,
however, be a spirit above that of mere
gambling in mining shares and must have
the backing of responsible mining inter
ests.
California is bound to benefit eventually
from the great Lold-mining boom at Chd
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1H96.
pie Creek, Colo., and the new Gold Mining
Exchange can be made the means for pro
ducing that result. The tremendous ex
citement at Cripple Creek is drawing
hither an enormous amount of foreign
capital. A proper presentation of the
claims of California can bring much of
this money to our own mines.
The good results which may b« made
to flow from the new movement are
numerous and various. In the first place
a serious menace threatens the industry in
this State in the fhape of a railroad land
grant which covers a very large area in
the gold-bearing regions and which is in
danger of being patented by the Govern
ment to the railroad as agricultural lands.
Several bills are now pending in Congress
for protecting these lands, and the new
c xchango can do effective work by co
operating with the California Miners' As
sociation in urging the passage of these
bills.
Still another need is a careful and
thorough survey of the mineral regions by
the Government, in order that the work
of prospecting may be simplified and large
gold-bearing: areas thrown open to de
velopment. An appropriation from Con
gress will be required for this work, and
the matter should be urged with all possi
ble diligence.
Still another is the organization of pow
erful companies for placing water on the
desert regions in the southern cart of the
State, where gold is known to exist in
great abundance. It cannot be mined at
present, by reason of a lack of water. Th«
Colorado and Mojave rivers contain vastly
more water than would be needed for the
purrose. The turning of them into the
deserts would open up splendid tracts of
agricultural land, as well as render mining
possible. These irrigation companies
might be made independent institutions,
and there is no doubt that they would se
cure handsome profits.
The cheapening of mining methods
within the last few years has enor
mously increased the mining area of the
State by making it possible to mine low
grade ores at a profit. In every way the
industry is one of the most attractive that
California offers to erterprise and capital,
and the new exchange can employ its
energies to make the facts known.
THE NEED INCREASING.
A peculiar fate seems to be urging Mr.
Huntington forward in his course of piling
up the reasons why the Nicaragua canal
should be built. Not satisfied with secur
ing, by means of his deal with the Panama
Railway, a complete monopoly of the traf
tic of California so far as the isthmus and
his overland railroads are concerned, he is
said now to be shaping his plans for secur
ing control of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company, which is one of th 6
main outlets of San Francisco to the
northern systems of transcontinental rail
roads.
The Union Pacific runs steamers from
its northern terminus to San Frahcisco,
but Mr. Huotington has nothing to fear
from them. Indeed, the recently reported
scheme for the reorganization of that com
pany is directly in the line of his right
with the Government, as the provisions
devised therein for the adjustment of the
Government debt are similar in character
to Mr. Iluntington's plans for avoiding pay
ment of his debt to the Government. The
Oregon Railway and Navigation Company
is in a very different position. It is in the
hands of receivers who have no interests
in common with Mr. Huntinetoa's and
who have been worrying him greatly of
late.
The Navigation Company boldly cut rates
to the north and forced the Southern Pa
citic to meet the cut between San Fran
cisco and Portland. The latter company
kept up the Bght for a time and then was
compelled to raise its rates, being unable
to drive the Navigation Comnany out of
the field. Immediately following the
railroad raise the Navigation Company's
steamers were crowded, and os the com
pany declares that it can maintain these
rates and conduct its business at a profit it
is evident that the Southern Pacific has a
hard enemy to fight.
The Navigation Company has been mak
ing efforts recently to reorganize. Ie has
delayed, and the explanation is that Mr.
Huntington is working in the matter and
shaping his course to secure control of the
company and remove it as a competitor.
If this is accomplished California's outlet
to the north will be as completely monop
olized as is the isthmus. In view of his
success with so refractory a company as
the Panama Railway, it cannot be doubted
that Mr. Huntington will succeed with
the Navigation Company, if that is really
his plan.
Thus, by constantly .strengthening his
monopoly of transportation between the
Atlantic and Pacitic he is adding to the
list of reasons why the Nicaragua c;in^l
should be assisted and controlled by the
Government. It is not a question of ad
vancing the private interests concerned in
the canal, but of making commerce be
tween the Atlantic and Pacitic possible.
It is monstrous and incredible that the
people of this country should hesitate for
a moment to break this enormous and
dangerous power held by one company.
The Nicaragua canal would correct all the
evils which that monopoly represents.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
Of Universal Application.
Los Angeles TjmPS.
It might be a good thing for some one to
send Spain a copy of the President's message.
Main Proposition All Right.
Tulare Register.
The people are with 'he President on the
main proposition, but there was no need for
encouraging jingoism. Jingoism is cheap stuff
and can never be counted on for efficient help
when war comes. ►
The Revival of Gold Mining.
Hanford Democrat.
At this time last year there were over 7000
idle men in San Francisco. Now there are only
3000 looking for work, and 70 per cent of this
number arc married. The revival ci gold min
ine has given employment to many people,
and this industry will increase from now on
rather than diminish.
All Americans.
Santa Cruz Surf.
Within the forty-eight hours just passed the
words Northerner and Southerner, Democrat
and Republican, have lost a certain shade of
meaning, and the word American as been
magnified in the minds and hearts of men.
We are one peoole to-day in a sense in which
we have not aeen for sixty years.
These Three.
Stockton Record.
Congressman Johnson has touched a re
sponsive chord in the hearts of his constitu
ents by coming out squarely against the bond
swindle. He can gain the everlasting confi
dence of these people if he" will come down
just as strong against retiring the greenbacks,
in favor of free silver and opposition to any
funding bill as proposed by C. P. Huntlngton.
letting a Bird Go. "
■ Los Anccles Record.
There is an old tradition about how foolish
the man looked who let a bird go. Perhaps he
didn't loo'x as foolish as the man who runs
after his hat in the street. And neither of
them could look as foolish as ' Uncle Sam will
look if Nicaragua gets out of patience with our
fooling and gives a charier, to a syndicate of
Englishmen wno will furnish the capital and
go right ahead and aig the canal. That is
what it may come to. |
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Ex-Congressman J. A. Louttit of Stockton,
who is building the Stockton and Lodi Termi
nal Railroad, is at the Lick.
Mr. Loutilt says the entire sixteen miles be
tween the two towns is now graded, and that
the tics and rails are ready to lay.
"The road will be thoroughly equipped in
first-class shape and the cars running by March
1," he said. "The sixteen miles, however, is
only a small part of the road as it will be before
we get through with it.
"There will be iv all 100 miles of road, tak
ing In the two branches from Lodi. It will tap
Ex-Congressman James A. Louttit.
[Sketched by a "Call. artist.]
new territory, too, create business for itself,
and be of great service to the farmers in the
region through which it will pass.
"There is a lut of country there now that
has no railroad within reasonable distance, and
the Stockton and Lodi road, with its branches,
will try to supply this need.
"The work will be continued right along. I
want to reiterate that the road is not for sale.
No part of it has ever been offered for sale,
and in fact we don't want to sell it."
J. W. Hartzell, who built the San Mateo elec
tric road, tha lirst electric road in the State,
and who is interested in the first named road
with Mr. Louttit, was also at the Lick yester
day, conferring with Mr. Loutiit.
The ex-Congressman is almost a native of
Stockton and .San Joaquin County.
■'I came to California with my people when I
was about 2 years old," he said. '-We settled
at Mokelumne Hill, near Stockton, i grew up,
attt.-in.led school, studied law and finally set
tled in Stockton. There I have beei. ever since,
except when I was in Washington and in Colo
rado, where I mined for awhile."
Mr. Louttit is a candidate for the position of
delegate-ai-large from California to the Na
tional Republican Convention) which meets in
St. Louis on Jane 16 next, He says he thinks
he will get it. The convention here will prob
ably be held in May.
Mr. Louttit is in the City on business in con
nection with his road.
THE MAGIC OF A SMILE.
Smile v. little, smile a little,
As you go aiou:;:
>ioi alone when lite is pleasant,
But when things go wrong.
Car.- deltgbta lo see you frowning—
i-ove3 to hr«r you sigh;
Turn a smillug sfa;i> upon her,
lick the dame will fly.
Smile a little, smile a little.
All along the road;
Every life must have Its burden
Every heart its load.
Why -it down in gloom and darkness
With your grief lo sun?
As you drink Kate's bitter tonic
Smile across the cup.
Smile upon the troubled pilgrims
Whom you pass and meet ;
Frowns are thorns and smiles are blossoms
Oft for weary feet.
Do not make the way seem harder
By a sullen face.
Smile .i little, smile a iittle —
Brighten uji thy place.
Smile upoe your undone labor;
Not, for one who grieves
O'Pr his task waits wealth or glory;
lie who smiles aCHJevea.
Tnoagb you meet \\ it:i loss and sorrow
in the passing years;
Smllf o little, smile a Jittlo—
iivea through your tears.
1.1, i .a Wiikki.fb Wir.eor.
NEW MONUMENT TO WASHINGTON.
The members of the .Society of the Cincinnati
resident in Philadelphia have presented the
municipality with a magnificent statue of
Washington, which iss t vi<l to be the most costly
equestrian statue In thu Unite.! States. It hns
been decided to erect it at the Green-street
entrance of Fairmount Park. This, of course,
is fer removed from the business center of the
city, and tills fact has awakened a good deal of
unfavorable criticisms. Voicing this senti-
THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT TO BE PLACED AT THE ENTRANCE TO
1 AIR MOUNT PARK, PHILADELPHIA.
ment, the Inquirer says: "Because of the ap
parent lu<'k oi any proper site anywhere in the
city of I'hila ielphia the statue is to join the
procession of mounted and unmounted figures
that have wended their way out into the
country. Most of these statues, we are glad to
say, are out of sight and their ugliness is un
noted. Hut it is a matter of regret that Phila
delphia should lose an opportunity to adorn
herself and make herself beautiful by stupidly
neglecting to furnish a site somewhere, in the
old city, in the Philadelphia of 177«, for the
Washington statue."
A Valuable Production.
San Luis Oblspo Reasonrr.
The Pan Francisco Call publishes a fifty-two
page Christmas number. Unlike many such
efforts on the part of the dnily press, it is not
altogether an advertising scheme padded out
with trashy rending matter. The articles are
carefully prepared by well-known men and
women of the State, who sign their names to
their writings. There are more than a nun
dred of tiiese, and the range o{ subjects is
wide, not only including matters concerning
the Industries and advantages of different sec
tions of the State, but treating of economical,
sclen tine, literary, artistic and other subjects.
It is a most valuable production and reflects
credit upon the energetic editor and his loyal
corps of workers. The price is only 5 cents,
but it is worth a dollar to send to your friends
who are interested in Californian matters.
PERSONAL.
F. L. Niel of Pope Valley is in the City.
S. T. Constable, a business man of El Paso, is
here.
K. G. Craighead of Dayton, Ohio, has arrived
here.
John H. Yoell, an attorney of San Jose, is in
town.
P. C. Lusk, the attorney, of Chico, is at the
Palace.
J. D. Lynch, the well-known Los Angeles
journalist, is at the Lick.
James Mcllolme and R. Mackay Tripp of Van
couver, B. C.| are at the Russ.
Dr. E. S. De Pay of Crescent City was among
yesterday's arrivais at the Grand.
H. M. La Rue, the State Railroad Commis
sioner, has arrived from Sacramento.
The Rev. William Acton of the Methodist
Episcopal church at Dixon is in the City.
Superior Judge J. D. Goodwin of Plumas
County has arrived here for a few weeks' stay.
Charles C. Bowman, a merchant of Suisun, is
at the Grand, accompanied by his bride, a
young lady of Suisun.
Ex-Judge C. O. Clarke of Siskiyou County,
who has large mining and timber interests in
that part of the State, is at the Russ.
J. G. Day, the Government contractor for
the extensive work in the Columbia River at
Cascade Locks-, between Oregon and Washing
ton, is here on a pleasure trip.
E. H. Winchester of the firm of Main &
Winchester, who has been living at his old
home in New Hampshire for twenty yearß or
more, arrived here yesterday, accompanied by
his wife. They are at the Occidental.
Charles Perkins, one of the pioneers of Little
River, is at the Russ. Mr. Perkins owns a large
are* of land there and is extensively engaged
in sheep and cattle raising. He also conducts
a large creamery and other enterprises.
Marcus C. Hawley, the old-time San Fran
cisco merchan, who for nearly two score years
has been a partner in the firm of Hawley
Brothers, but who has been living in Connecti
cut for many years, is at the Occidental. He
will remain here most of the winter as is his
annual custom. Mr. Hawley is looking very
well.
John Gray, son of Colonel Mike Gray, the
Arizona pioneer, and one of the owners of the
noted Gray ranch at Camp Rucker, at the ex
treme southeastern part of Arizona, is in the
City. At Camp Rucker are some magnificent
springs, the only ones to be found over a vast
area, and here Geronimo, the "Kid," and other
noted Apache chiefs were born. The springs
are near the strougholds of Cochise.
THE CHRISTMAS "CALL."
Excels Any.
Hanford Democrat.
The Christmas edition of The Call should be
made up in pamphlet form and given general
circulation. It excels any paper ever issued in
California.
Full of Interesting Matter.
Vuba City Independent.
The San Francisco CALL issued a handsome
Christmas number full of original matter and
interesting information concerning the State.
Keeps Up With the Procession.
Benicla New Era.
The Call's flfty-t wo page Christmas edition
came as a pleasant surprise and was a most
sensible and readable journal. The CALLkeeps
up with the procession all right.
The Banner Edition.
C'alnveras Citizen.
The San Francisco Call issued the banner
Christmas edition. Its fifty-two pages were full
of choice reading matter, and the proprietor
c an be justly proud of his effort.
Deserves Attention.
Gilroy Gazette.
The Call's forty-eight-page Christmas paper
deserves more attention than the casual news
paper reader la generally able to give. Very
many prominent men and abie writers con
tributed to make it an excellent number.
Surpasses Any Paper.
Klngman Miner.
The San Francisco Call issued a fifty-two
paee souvenir number on Christmas that sur
passes any paper in the United States for excel
lence of iliatter and makeup. The (.'all is at
the iiead and will May there under the present
able management.
Enterprise and Knergy.
Redwood City Times-Gazette.
The Christmas edition of The Call was a
mammoth affair that displayed enterprise and
. Unlike most editions, The Call con
tained well-written articles that were read by
all. It was full of useful information, and is
a splendid paper to send to friends or to lay
away for special reference.
Covers the Kntirt? Range.
Belma Enterprise.
The "Table of Contents" to The Call's Christ
mas edition is a grand index to the teeming
riches which should mate our California
Christmas a merry one indeed. It covers the
entire range of industries in progress, in con
templation and the potentialities. In its Christ
mas edition Thk Call hns ngain proved its
right to the motto, "The Call speaks lor all,"
and to be designated a thoroughly up-to-dete
journal.
Outrivaled Competition.
Gait Gazette.
The Christmas editions of the San Francisco
daily newspapers were marvelous to Dehold.
It is the opinion of the Gazette that the letter
press of The Call, the subject matter treated,
the valuable and interesting information pre
sented, ta,ken all in all, was the superior pub
lication, and that it outrivaled competitors in
each and every department of news, literature
and miscellany.
Ouo of the Very Best.
Colusa Sun.
The Christmas Call is one of the very best
papers ever issued on this coast. It has con
tributions from thirty or forty of the best
known writers on the const, each in his par
ticular line. Claus i?preekels writes on the
Valley Railroad and the beet Industry ; Richard
Gird on beet sugar; I. \V. Hcllman on finance;
George C. Perkins on navigable waterwnvs ; in
fact almost every subject of interest is treated
by the best recognized authority. Luella
Green Harton, a Colusa girl, has an article on
Father Junipero in Alta California.
It "Was Read.
San Luis Obispo Tribune.
The San Francisco Call made a new world's
record for phenomenal editions in its Christ
mas number, and established a new and incon
limbs uTe jJn. & "* the back> sidc ' chest ' or
trovertible claim to leadership among the
great metropolitan journals of the country. It
wus a demonstration that great bulk was not
necessarily destructive of excellence in qual
ity, that to multiply volume it is not necessary
to use shoddy and refuse filling. We should
say that the edition had reached the standard
of a high-class magazine, but that, after all,
might be a dubious compliment. The Christ
mas number of The Call was read. That is
nisber praise. Such editions are usually only
"hefted" and glanced at askance.
PEOPLE WORTH READING ABOUT.
The voice of Dr. Max Nordau so closely re
sembles Gladstone's that it is almost impossi
ble to distinguish between them when they
are heard together.
J.ady Halle, the violinist, who was Mrs. Kor
man Xeruda, is to have a testimonial in Lon
don next year to celebrate her first appearance
as a seven-year-old prodigy fifty years ago.
Mr. Albert Brassey, M. P., brother of Lord
Brassey, was struck in the face while playing
tennis with his son recently, losing the sight
of one eye, and, it is feared, perhaps of both.
Dimmick, the great elephant catcher, sny X
that it is declared on good authority that but
twenty-four white elephants have been caught
since the commencement of the Christian era.
The citizens of Amesbury, where John G.
AVhittier made his home during the latter
years of his life, are planning to make the
house where he spent many years a public
library.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich and Mrs. Aldrich will
start about the Ist of January on a yachting
cruise to the West Indies, with a party of
friends, Including Mrs. James T. Fields and
Miss Sarah Orne Jewett. They will be gone
several months.
It is said that the oldest living man and wife
in the United States are Louis and Amelia Dar
win of Black Falls, Wls. The husband was
born in 1788, or one year before the inaugura
tion of the first President of the United States,
and his wife was born in 1794. They have
been married eighty years.
The Orleans family bought in all the real
property of the late Comte de Paris, which was
liquidated recently. The Due d'Orleans has
bougnt the chateau and woods of Eu for £200,
--000, the Due d'Aumale the chateau of Am
boise, the Due de Montpensier the chateau of
Autonne for £16,000.
The Empress Dowager of Russia has sent her
father, the King of Denmark, a ring possessing
no ordinary interest. It was worn by Alexan
der II on his little finger at the time of his
assassination, and his son, Alexander 111,
never removed it from his hand from his acces
sion as Emperor till the day of his death.
SHORT SMILES.
Sometimes we think that a man has a level
head just because he isn't above our level. —
SomervUle Journal.
Miss Pert— ls Miss Straight Lace circumspect?
Miss Caustic— CircumsDect! Why, she won't
accompany a young man on the piano without
a chaperone.— Salem Gazette.
"Speaking of racing, what gait does a man
strike when he is going to the dentist to have
a tooth pulled?"
"Tooth-hurty." — Shoe and Leather Reporter.
Said Adam— l swear to you, you are the first
woman I ever loved.
Replied Eve— l suppose I shall have to be
lieve you ; but this is so sudden. — Boston Tran
script.
"There is nothing like our House oi Lords,"
boasted the Englishman.
"Still you can't say thai It is without a peer,"
replied the American.— Pittsburg Chronicle-
Telegraph.
Maude— You wouldn't know my beau now if
you met him.
Nell— Why, has he changed so much as that?
Maude— That isn't it exactly. I've changed
him. — Philadelphia Record.
"You," said the disgusted gambler, "don't
know enough to come In when it rains."
••I'erhaj s not," said the man who had been
there, with a wan 6mile. '"But I do know
enough to stay out on a pat flush."—lndian
apolis Journal.
Buzby— Didn't Wiggins forget his lines at the
amateur theatricals last evening?
Baxter— No; he only got them mixed up a
little, instead of saying "I hear the tramp of
approaching footsteps," he said, "I hear the
footsteps ot approaching tramps?" — London
Tid-Bits.
"He is the luckiest man I ever knew."
'•In what way?'
"Well, he whs never sick a day in hislife and
there is a likelihood that he will live to a green
old ago; and yet he is so thin and pale that
every life insurance agent who comes along
skips him as a dangerous risk."— Chicago Post.
Wallace— We've got to get another girl. How
wab that g:rl you had a while back?
Ferry— She is a good gas girl. .
"Good what?"
"Good girl if you use only gas. We never
could break her of the habit of cleaning the
lamps just before making the biscuit." — Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
Friend— lf you are so bad off, why don't you
apply to your rich brother in Boston for as
sistance?
Poor Man— l did write to him to assist me,
and what do you suppose I got?
"1 have no idea."
"He wrote to me that my letter asking for as
sistance had not reached him."— New York
journal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Martin Will Case— H. R., Cal. In the
Martin will case it was Mrs, Uenry Martin who
was successful.
Insurance— Ximrod, City, insurance com
panies insure property that belong to lodges of
secret orders. Any company doing business iv
this City will give the desired information as to
rates.
Autograph— J. J. V., City. There is no
market value for a photograph of and auto
graph on the same, of D. 8. Grant. Such is
worth only what a person who wished to pos
sess it would give for it.
Pinafore— A. R. H., Stockton, Cal. Pina
fore was produced at the Tivoli July 1, 1889.
Max Figrnan was the Admiral, Charles M.
l'ykc the Captain, Arthur Mcssncr appeared as
Rnlph, Harry Norman was the boatswain,
Louise Manircd appeared as Josephine and
Kate Marchi as Buttercup.
Icebergs— Nimrod, City. Icebergs are chiefly
huge fragments of glaciers that have become
detached, by the action of the water, from the
lower end of the glacier. The icebergs of the '
north are fresh water frozen, but in regard to j
icebergs in the Southern Ocean, it is not known
with certainty whether they are all glacier !
born or whether they are not a large part of <
the result of the direct freezing oi the sea i
water.
Literary — Homo, San Jose, Cal. The
Answers to Co-respondents has many times
stated that it does not advertise anything, yet
correspondents persist in asking questions, the
answer to which are in the nature of an adver
tisement. Any book-dealer in your city will
tell you what you want to know about The
literary periodical named in your communica
tion, and a ginnce at its contents will satisfy
you as to its merit. ' *
Gold Dollars — Reader, Auburn, Placer
County, Cal. A New York denier In old coins
makes the following offer for gold dollars of
the United States coined between 1865 and
1873: 1865, in good condition, $4 50- 1866
and 1867, 50; 1868, $2; 1809, $1 75 ; 1870
ana 1871, 50; 1872, $2: 1873, $1 20. This
is for coins in the best condition. The same
dealer charges for coins of these dates for the
B o^°r? f J?^ if 20 > aud the other dates from
$2 75 to $8 50.
Presidential Election— Subscriber, City At
the Presidential election held in 189iJ ihe
candidates were-: Grover Cleveland, Democrat;
Benjamin Harrison, Republican; James B
Weaver, Populist; John Bidwell, Prohibition
ist; and Simon Wing, Social Labor party. The
popular vote for each candidate was: Cleve
land, 5,556,918; Harrison, 5.170,108; Weaver
1.041. 028; iSidwell. 264,133; Winsr, 21,164.
The electoral vote was: Cleveland, 277; Harri
son. 143; Weaver, 22.
Printed Matter— J. K. D., Newman, Stanis
laus Count}', Cal. The duty on printed matter
from foreign countries is 25 per cent ad
valorem. The tariff is not on the number of
pounds, but upon the value of the printed
matter. That is the tariff, except in certain
cases specially mentioned in the tariff act. As
your communication does not designate th«
class of printed matter you wish to import, it
is impossible to give a more definite answer.
Fence— P. G. P., Blanchard, Ventura County,
Cal. The general Irw of this State in regard to
fences is that coterminous owners are mutually
bound equally to maintain: First, the bound
aries and monuments between them; second,
the fences between tiiem, unless one of them
choses to let his land lie without fencing; fu
which case, if he afterward incloses it, he must
refund to the other a just proportion of the
value at that time of any division of the fence
inado by the latter.
Interest— J. W. 0., Oakland, Cal. If you
i borrowed money on your property, gave a
mortgage and agreed to pny the interest on the
. same at a stated period each year, it certainly
I is your duty to go to the party you borrowed
tne money irom and pay him the interest or
send it to him. To notify him that you have
the money for the interest and that he can
come and get it would probably not be held In
law to be a tender of the interest money, and
you might find yourself called upon to defend
an action for foreclosure of mortgage.
Wall Paper— W. X., City. The following is
the method of twose who are professional
cleaners of wall paper: Cut into eight por
tions a loaf of bread two days old; it must be
neither newer nor staler. With one of these
pieces, after having removed all the dust by
means of a feather duster from the paper to
be cleaned, or by means or a pair of bellows,
begin at the top of the room, holding the
crust in the hand, and wiping lightly down
ward with the crumb till the upper part of the
paper is completely cleaned all around. Then
go around again, with the like sweeping stroke
downward, always : commencing each succes
sive course a little higher than trie upper
stroke had been extended, till the bottom be
finished. This operation, it carefully per
formed, will make very old paper look almost
equal to new. Caution must be used not by
any means to rub the pnper hard, nor to
attempt cleaning it the cross or horizontal
way. The dirty part of the bread, too, mu-st be
continually cut away and the pieces renewed
|as soon as it becomes necessary. Oil marks
and marks where people have rested their
neads against the wall paper it is said can be
taken out by means of pipe clay mired with
water to th»i consistency of cream, laid on the
spot and allowed to remain until the following
day, when it may be easily removed with, the
blade of a knife or a brush.
LADY'S BLOUSE WAIST WITH VEST
EFFECT.
A blouse waist with vest effect, which 1b ad
justable, if desired, is appreciated by all
women, allowing, as it does, of variety, with
very slight expenditure.
The pattern has a fitted lining, over which
the material is laid; the fronts gathered at
the shoulder and belt, the back laid in pleats at
the shoulders and gathered at the waist. The
vest is a separate piece, that may be sewed to
the waist or may be made separate. : ..."
The waist here illustrated is of pink taffetas,
with black lines. The trimming is of jet, with
belt and collar of ribbon velvet. Now, if this
vest is not sewn to the waist, but simply made
separate, with the collar of velvet sewn to it,
the neck of the w-aist being finished with a
binding, how easy to change the effect by mak
me an extra vest of pleated black chiffon, with
a collar of the same, or a vest of pink chiffon
with a black velvet collar. A third change
might be made of white nainsook, with ruffles
of narrow yellow Valenciennes lace.
Thes" vests of nainsook are the latest fad
and very dainty ones are sold, ready tucked"
and trimmed, for $1 50 the yard and upward
Half a yard only is required With this should
be worn tiny points of the same nainsook and
lace, laid over the front of tho collar, one on
either side, the points downward. Cuffs of
nainsook can be added, and the pattern for
them is included though not shown in the
illustration. 
This model. had Deen used for making waists
of blacic satin or crepon to mutch a skirt the
color being supplied by vests of bright colored
chitfon or taffeta. A frill of yellow lace on
both sides of the vest is a great addition. One
waist of black crepon had a yellow flowered
tnffeta vest, with frills of yellowish lace and
collar of yellow chiffon. Wash jroods make up
very charmingly after this model, with nain
sook, lace or embroidery for the vest, usine
ribbon for collar, belt and a finish down the
s:des of the vest.
Townsend's famous Broken Cindy, 10c lb. •
This week fine eyeglasses., 15c to 40c. 81#4th,
nr. barber; Sundays,73S Mkt(Kast shoe store).*
SrECiAL information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 310 Montgomery. ■
Young Husband— Why do you object to to
bacco?
Young Wife— Because it's a poison.
Young Husband— Butit's a slaw poison.
Young Wife— That's my objection.— Lewiston
Journal. ' ' . . - ■ ■
Merit is what gives Hoods Sarsaparilla its great
popularity aud constantly increasing sates. It per
fectly and permanently cures catarrh, rheuma
tism, salt rheum, in fact all blood diseases.
CHICAGO LIMITB.O.
VIA SANTA FE ROUTE.
A new train throughout begins October 59.
Pullman's finest slepplntr-cars, vestibule reeliolnf
chair cars anil dining-cars. Los Angelas to. Chi
cago, via Kansas City, without charts Annsx
cars on sharp connection for Denver anl St.
Louis. Twenty-seven hours quicker thaa . tat
quickest competing train. The Santa ie haj b«aa
put in tine physical condition and it now tha best
transcontinental railway.
" Mrs. TVlnslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over fifty years fey millions of moth'
ere for their children while Teething with perfect
success. It soothes the child, softens the gums, al
lays Tain, cures Wind Colic, regulates th« Soiveli
and ij the best remedy for Dlarrhbpas, whether
arising from iccthin or other causes. KorsaUby
Druggists in every part of the world. Be sura ao.l
ask for .Sirs. Vlnslow's soothing rap. . *<Ka »
bottle. '.',;'
Cobonado.— Is perfectly dry,' soft
and mild, and la entirely free from the mists com
mon further norh Koiinrf-trip tickets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 BO pexday. Apply
4 Mow Montgomery st., San Francisco. '
NEW TO-DAY.
SHiRTS!~
We call ours the "Wilson Shirt" because
the Wilson tariff made it possible, to sell a
good Tennis or Cheviot Shirt, 36 inche*
lons, full cut, well made and warranted, for
50 GENTS.
Whether you like the bill or hot, you'll
like the shirt, for everybody does. To be
had only at SMITH'S, 414-4 iB Front street,
B. F., Cal.— wholesale or retail.J !;I] , N . I IMAI'.YJ, 1890
AMUSEMENTS..
DTTIN TnV.ATKB.-Hf>r/mann. The Great.
CAi.iFOKNiA:T«EA"K»-" The Widow Jonet."
Con:MEuTjiKAiKK-'iAt the French Ball."
Moßoaco'B 6i-KSA-HorsK — "The Kunaway
Wife." . . ;' • '
Tivor.iOnEßA-Hoi.-SK.— "lxiori: or, The Man of
■tbeWbcei:-"'. :'..■' ' ' :
ORPjiKfM.— HishrClass Vaullpvllle.
G.tovh'i Adtazae.— -Our Boardinc Home."
' New Himi : sT. Theatkr.— "A Celebrated Case."
>;ai DOSorsH Tjikaticr (Oakland)— •' Moths."
.-HjiripTTHi-. Chi-tk-s.— l>atly at! Halghl street
tie Llcck fast Of tbe I'ark. ' •
•• . Day I'ltTKic-r Txack. — Rani. ■
; AUCTION SALES.
Bt E. S. Si-kak cS Co.— Monday. January 6.
Furniture, at corner Mission tinil Seventh sta., at
10 o'clock. . = . " •:•■-.-■.■• •
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
v ilisruption is said to be brewing in the
Brewers' Association,
Mary T. Spenee has petitioned for her share
of Eugene J. Sullivan's estate. :
The "Terpsichoreans" gave their annual
party in Odd Fellows' Hall last night. •
Thirteen women after : a "purse of money ad
vertised in the- Lost and Found column.
The rafikmcri unanimously indorse the pro
posed ordinance regulating the sale of milk.
Judge Hebbard has refused to oust the direc
tors oi the Pacific Bank upon the suit of. P. F.
I'li-nUon. • : . ■ -.- • .
Accord hi? to prediction San Francisco will
have fair weather, colder, with light northerly
winds, to-day. : ' ' ' ' "
■ ■ Adolph Oppe-nheim's pawnshop wni= looted by
burßlnrs on New Year's eve. aud #300 worth of
"jewelry'stpleh.' ' . . : . • :
'. Henry Stetson was thrown- foom his horse at
Burlirigame and had both the' bones of bis left
forearm broken. ■ . . •'.';• :
There was a strike in J. F. Nolan's shoe fac
tory yesterday over the wages, but the diffi
culty, was soon, settled. • ■ •' • . ■ •
. The new theater at Redwood City will bo
opened on January 20 br the Frawley Com-
IBr.y '-The Senator." : . • ■ ■
' The. Supreme. Court has upheld the consti
tutionality of the act tinder which Reform
•Schools esist In. t.his State. BF*B gyJg
'j he '•Citizens' and Taxpayers' Anti-Water
■p-nrty". was formed last evening in the interest
of 'belter local ■'.-;. nvent. "'■■■■
. Thewinnersat the Bay District Trackyester
day were: Nir-Nfi<\ Yankee Doodle, Mary. S,
George: Miller and City Girl. .
.-. Thomas R. JCn'qx was- elected to the vacant
6e'at tn'the Board- Of. Education yesterday,
Director Barrett alone voting ho:.
" : Fred Carl.-on has been arrested on the com
plaint of. T.. Monnier, saloon-keeper, 825 Valen
cia street,: for obtaining" goods by false pre
tenses. ■" .'.•".'.' • . ■ •■■'. ■ ;
Richard Lamer, c druggist of 699 McAllister
•tr«?et. has filed a petition to be declared in
solvent. His liabilities are $3920 18 and his
ksseis £300.-. . • •
. Colonel G;AV. Macfarlane of Hawaii arrived
frojh.- -Queenstown last night, making the trip
i.n. nine: and a half days and beatihs all pre
vious records.. ;■■.-. ... . ' .
a company of Eastern capitalists wi'.. en
deavoi to get the Legislature to grant them
the privilege qi mining slickensof the Sac
ranieuto Kiver. '..:.'.
A free fight was narrowly averted on a vacant
lot at Ninth and Howard streets, on the after
noon of New Year's day, over the result of a
hog-guessing contest.
■ -The Hospital and Almshouse Committee of
the;Boardof Health inspected the Pesthouse
yesttrday. The place was. found In a most
dilapidated condition. • '. ■ •
-..The. Public Administrator's account of the
Blythe estate since la«t July and a petition.
a decree bfdistribution of the estate have been
flk-d in the Probate Court. ;
Th'j creditors of Louis Braverman have de
murred to and will move to strikeout the com
plaint: in intervention' lil&d by Isaac K. Konn
lii the Insolvency proceedtnes.:.;
Ni: c little girls have made a- donation oi
•t-M to the' Jvlng's-.Djiughters' Home for In
curable*, the proceeds fair given' by them
ior the benefit of that institution.- .
. There isa rumoj aHoa't that one of the brew
eries, has /withdrawn from- the Brewer*' I'ro
tective issociatiQn, which, it true, will prob
ably be the signal fox ageiieral break. . j
Arthur' avaiiagh, a peddler : of Japanese
Rpods^. 'harjje'i at : the ity Prison.yester
day with stealing gold watch and chain from
/Mrs.. Euzubeth Hollowpll, p.l2o Broadway. ;
.. Henry O';Day, 29 years of age and a native ;
of San Francisco, was sworh in yesterday as a
.policeman ; to iill the vacancy "caused by the
prorflotlqn of Harry C. EeynoldstO corporal.
Senator- Erank.McGowanof'Hiimbq'idtCotlnty
is in the City. Ueaayi Eastern men are quietly
buying up the redwoods in view of the antici
lated completion ere long of t >f ie Nicaragua
Varial..; : :•..-, ■ . ■ '
••' Robert I.ane a' landlord; will be sued in the
.Justices! urt by C. £. Barwick, a former ten
. aiit, lor damages to 'his reputation caused by a
• fcfgn t'taebjed to-thehouke after Barwick had
moved. ■• . : .'-'•'■. • ' •■" '
••. 'A- riew li.i.c of clipper -ships with auxiliary
-.' screws are-: to be built for the wade between
. ..han Francisco a-nd New JTork. They will be
; - bark-figged, and' are .expected to make beveu
-'.knqis.-unde.r steam. .: .
. : -:t;h:e: Oiiicer Orr o.f the American f-hip John
McDonald « to be. arrested for cruelty on the
.high seas. lie is accused of beating J. W.
■ i-iuith iii a ;verv ':up.ian Imanner and break
. ing hislegjwitti a kick.
..: Charges will be preferred against Policeman
• .John A: McGratb before the Police Commis
■ eioners Ibr ai'eged clubbing of a drunken prls
... oner last nigl.t, un the complaint of Attorneys
• -Comyns and Caiheran.
. Chairman T. <j. M-rrill of the Montana State
• Laud Commission arrived here last night to as
• hist SenatcrKoid to draft a law similar to the
. Montana law for preventing the railroad from
■ grabbing mineral-lands.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday dismissed
from the department James Buchanan, fore
• man df «ngti i>, for necrlect of duty, and Wil
liam Hall of engine 17 and James L. Hannah
of eugiuc 9 for dxnokeni -•-.
;"•' John. T. Rives, superintendent of gold mines
-In Inyo County owned by Editor McCullough
and other St. Louis capitalists, i.« at the Grand.
• He- says his mines are paylug well. There is
a lamp mill on the.property.
. The Trafiic Association is sending out a cir
cular showing that freieht rates to Oregon are
:„ lower by the Yaquina. Bay route than by the
Southern Pr.cific line, ana it is thought thai a
■ rar<- war to Oregon may be the result.
A meeting of the Richmond District Froperty
owneiV Association took place last night to
protest npainst ibe sale oi burial lots ii; the
Cliy limits. A committee will meet the Board
of Supervisors this morning at 10 o'clock.
The Board of Schoolteachers' Retirement
. Fund Commissioners filed yeKierday through
its attorneys, Delmns ,v Sfiortridge, J. D. Sulli- |
van and Lansing Mizner, a contest to the will
of James G. Fr.ir, dated September 21, 1805.
John Power, Steiner and Hermann streets, j
v.rs working in a quarry yesierday morning
■when a lar<e piece of rocfc struck him on the ■
right kg, fracturii ihe oones and two oi his i
toes, lie «ras uken to the Receiving Hospital. j
The Harbor Com oisslonera are in a quan
dary over the letting of the contracts for the
new rry depot. Attorney-General Fitzgerald
and the lxiard's le«:al adviser do not agree, so I
the atter may b« carried to the Supreme
Court.
stated that expenses previously un-
I for are rapidly reducing the Htm rie
fom the bt-neiit entertainment given the
• and children of Jack Dempeer, and
ting exposures may take place in
that connection.
Depot) ton of the People's Ilorne Savings
I'-hiik met last nirht. They were little en
coiiraifed by rt-i.oriF, and resolved to vail upon
l>^trict Attorney llarnes and urpe him to
protecute to the utmost the remaining charres
againi>t "Dick" McDonald.
. . Judge Conlan yesterday announced that he
: m.j,'hi noi preside at the preiiminar.vexamina
tion of Gardiner, Welch and Middlemiss on
sianuary." ov.-ine to a matement in TnE ( ti.i.
..tiiat he had alrtady decided to hold the de
itndants, w.bieh he characterized as unwar
jranted,
■ <;eorue T. Gaden, the Mayor's expert, con
■«emnK the bituminous pavement mid on Van
£>e;-s avenue between .Sutter and Bush streets.
. yie P»vjnv can be picked from the street with
the naked fingeri. l'hi«t jobwas one oi those
J. ll ','.Kai|y Jet-by the members of the'notorlous
Solid Kight.
r £"> Hector of the Port John H. Wise and
i. r , 8e J n "Pector Richard Williams charge
-pnty Surve SiinuelJ. Ruddell with dv
-ai i .v, 41 11 bl>tr *yii"is <"u«tom-house secrets,
have V ln * e*tißation is threatened. There
I'udJpii " , fi me heated Interviews between
Kuadell-aod hu accuser*.
l)il h u-w'* anon '• D Good of British Colum
tim'i the mrt remtlrkable iJilerestlne discovery
"« "astern ? 16n " of the north arc descendants
day* cVi i T c m VBS told «cin«lyoly in ye-tcr
day i-exi v V contribute an article on Sun
erfrs itJ?,. nrth aub^antiftte his discov-
WS> • t . * 1 . 11 important details. .
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Clipper Ships With Auxiliary
Screws for the New York
Trade.
THEY WILL MAKE FAST TIME.
The Sealing Schooner Alton Lost Three
Men and a Boat in a
Fog.
The merchants of San Francisco are
not satisfied with the arrangement en
tered into by the Southern Pacific and
the Panama Eailroad Company. As
a consequence a clipper iine between
AN AMERICAN CLIPI'ER WITH AN AUXILIARY SCREW PkOPELLER THAT COULD MAKE FAST TIME BETWEEN
NEW YORK AND SAN FRANCISCO. '
New York and San Francisco will be in
augurated, and the chances are that it will
be a success. Big 2000-ton barks with
auxiliary screws are to be built, and with
these fast time can be made. In calm
weather steam could be got up, and at
least six or seven knots could be averaged.
Then instead of going around the Horn
the steam could be used and the route
through the fc.traits of Magellan taken. A
vessel of this kind wouid have all the
carrying capacity necessary, and would
still have sufficient sail area to carry her
along in fair weather as fasi as the tihen
andoah or any of the other clippers.
Said. Captain Herriman of Htrriman &
Mills yesierday :
Such a vessel ought to do well on the run be
tween New Yurk. and San Franci-co. She
would command auemiou, and with a feather
ing screw oujht to do well. On the Pacific
Coast she could stop at all the way ports, and
if necessary could load and discbarge cargo.
With ordinary luck she ought to make the run
between New York and this port, in about half
the time usually occupied.
When you come to think of it the thing
ought tj be a eucc*6s. The steam .-ciiooner
Jeanie is built something on ihe Hues contem
plated. i?he hag four masts and an auxiliary
screw and can make from eight to ten knots
under eitner steam or canvas. The venture
has been such a success in her chsc that nearly
all the whaling fleet is fitted out in that, man
ner. When t'iey strike a calm, steam U got up
and they dodge along uniil a breeze- springs
up. When they reach the ice the screw is
feathered and the vessel goes along as eabily as
when under full steam.
Then, again, if the Nicaragua canal was
built, the vessels with an auxiliary screw
would be at a great advantage. They would
be independent of towboais, and could move
at any hour the tide suited. Expenses would
brs cut to a minimum rigure and Jieixhts would
be lower in consequence. Jut-t a» soon as the
J'ac:fiu Mail begins to raise rates, will you nx
an opposition line of clippers with auxiliary
screw* placed en the route between the Kast
and YVebt.
The following notice to mariners has
been issued by the Lighthouse Board:
Notice ia hereby given that a third-class nun
buoy, red and bUck horizontal stripes, has
been placed in fifteen feet of v>a;vr, as an addi
tumai aid to navigation, to mark Mission Buy
rocks, upon the Joiiowing bearings: Oakland
harbor light. NE. N.; Potrero i'olut, SSE.,
8 E. ; Point Avlbaaero, fcE. yS.
The merchants and ship-owners in San
Francisco and on Puget hound want a tcl
epraph line from Tatooah Island to Grays
Harbor. This stretch oi country i* totally
uncovered, and as the dangerous Destruc
tion Island is included in the coast line
the necessity of & telegraph line is obvious.
The wires are laid from Seattle and Ta
coraa to Tatoosh Island, but there they
stop. Anything, therefore, that happens
between Tatoosh and Grays Harbor is not
reported until some passing vessel picks
up the news. A petition for the construc
tion of the line is now being circulated,
and almost every merchant ami ship
owner in San Francisco is signing it.
The stern wdfeel steamer Constance ran
into the sealing schooner Kate and Ann
yesterday and did considerable damage.
The Kate and Ann was almost ready lor
sea, but now she will be detained for sev
eral days in order to make necessary re
pairs.
The first of the sealing fleet that has put
to sea during the month to get into trouble
is the schooner Alton. She has been fol
lowing the nerd along the coast, but for
svveral days has been jooking for a miss
ing boat with three men in it. On De
cember 31 Captain Wester went aboard
th«* pilot boat America and reported that
during a dense fog he had lost a boat.
The three men knew the coast well, and
as the boat was fully provisioned the
chances nre that they have made land.
The Alton had taken twenty-three seals
when spoken by the America.
INGLESIDE ROBBERY.
Judge ( on lan Announces That Ho Slay
Not Frenirie at tbe i'roliiulimry
I. lam hi .if ion.
Judge Conlan announced from the
bench yesterday that he would not preside
at the preliminary examination on Janu
ary 7 of G .rdiner, Middlemiss and Welch,
charged with the robbery at Ingleiide.
"An article was published in The Call
yesterday," said the Judge, "in which 1 am
made to say that I had agreed with the
police to hold the defendants, even though
the evidence might not warrant such a
course.
"I never made such a statement, which,
if true, would have shown that I hart be
come bereft of my senses. My purpose
was to give the defendants a fair and Im
partial bearing and be guided en
tirely by the evidence. In view of the
statement published, which was entirely
unwarranted, I think it would be better
for another Judge to preside."
After court had adjourned R. Porter
Ashe, attorney for Gardiner and Welch,
say the Judge in his chambers and urged
upon him to reconsider his decision,assur
ing him that he would rather have him
preside than any of the other Judges.
Judge Conlan promised to think the matter
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1596.
over, and if he decided to adhere to his
determination he would arrange for an
other Judge to preside, so that the hearing
could go on
Gardiner's bail was reduced yesterday to
$5000. Attorney Ashe has a telegram from
(iatdiner's brother in Eureka offering to
furnish the necessary bonds.
BONDS WERE WORTHLESS.
Fred Carlson Arrested for Obtaining
Goods by False Pretenses.
T. Monnier, saloon-keeper, 825 Valencia
street, swore to a complaint in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday charging Fred Carl
son with obtaining goods by false pre
tenses. Carlson was arrested Tuesday.
Monnier alleges that a few days ago he
advertised his saloon for sale. Carlson
called in to answer to the advertisement
and entered into negotiations for the pur
chase of the saloon. He produced live
bonds of ?100 each of the Wheeling Turn
pike Company of Muncie, Ind., winch he
said were worth their face value anywhere.
He had just oft the January coupon,
and three coupons were left, each repre
senting $3 50 interest.
The transfer was made, and Monnier
went to A. Borel & Co. with the bonds,
who told him they were not of much ac-
count. At Monnier's request they tele
craphed East and received a reply that the
bonds were worthless.
Acting on the advice of the police Mon
nier put padlocks on the doors of the
saloon ana had Carlson arrested. He will
at once commence a civil suit to recover
possession of the saloon.
THE HASTINGS COLLEGE
Points for Architects Who Desire
to Submit Designs in Com
petition.
Ground Plat May Be Seen at Mayor
Sutro's Office in the Mont-
gomery Block.
The following communication 19 in
tended for the information of architects
who desire to enter the competition for
the buildings of the Affiliated Colleges of
the university :
Dr. J. 11. C. Bovte. Secretary of the Board of
Ffgent?, University of California, Berkeley, Cat—
DeabSir: The Hastings College of Law, one of
the four collrces mentioned in tin* act of
March 23, 18!).^, as requested by the committee
of the regents, respectfully suggests for the in
formation of competing architects the ioltow
ing:
Mrst— That a plat of the ground upon which
the three buildings are to be erected can be
had, or seen, at the office of Mr. Sutro, Mont
gomery block, San Francisco.
Second— That the representatives of the sev
eral colleges to be accommodated have re
quested, and- the regents have ordered, that
three buildings be erected, havinp a uniform
iron lage as to material, fror.t line and apparent
elevation.
Third— That the three buildings should front
toward the (iolden Gate Park and be separated
by streets from 25 to 50 feet, the latter pre
ferred.
Fourth— That there should be a separate
structure for the Law College on the westof the
proposed group of three, 100 ff^t front by 75
feet deep. The contour of the ground Is such,
sloping from west to east, that the law build
iner may be three stories and the other build
ing four stories in height and still preserve
the same general appearance as to the tops of
all the buildinps.
Fifth— That the central (or middle) building
should contain a large hall, to be used in com
mon by all the colleges, with aseatinp capacity
of from 1200 to 1500 for commencement exer
cises and for lectures and lectures of the Uni
vers ;y extension course.
Sixth— That the upper (or third) floor of the
law building be adapted to and used ex
clusively for library purposes, with the neces
sary reading-room, cloak and hat rooms,
closets, etc.
Seventh— That on the other two floors there
be at least three lecture-rooms, with an aggre
gate seating: capacity of 510, or 170 each.
That two of the said lecture-rooms be on the
same floor, and so connected by folding or
Eliding doors that they rneybe thrown intoone
room as occasion may require. That in each
lecture-room there be all necessary platforms,
rostrums. desKs, blackboards, etc. There
should be from three to five separate rooms for
prof«?sor«; also one room for the dean, one
room for the registrar, one room for the direc
tors (nine directors), one room for the janitor,
one room for ladies, including toilet, etc.
Eighth— Thnt there be ali necesnarv cloak
and hat rooms, lavatories, closets, hails, etc.,
on each floor. That the main hallways, lava
tories, closets, cloak and hat rooms be so ar
ranged as to leave the greatest amount of light
and sun practical for the lecture and other
rooms to be used by the students, professors,
officers, etc., of the college.
For more detailed information in reference
to the law building I will be pleased to confer
with any architect who may see proper to call
upon me.
1 beg also to suggest and request that the
regents so apportion the .-{!25O,OOO as to let
architects know how much of the same may
be ufed In erecting the law building.
I have made no suegestions aR to heating
elevator, etc., indeed I wish to be particularly
understood that I have not attempted to give
such details as to leave the architect the mere
duty oi a draughtsman. My suggestions for
the Law College are not made with the idea of
claiming more than can be given and with tho
expectation of being cut down. I once more
earnestly request that the regents apportion
the fund, so that each college may cut its gar
ment according to the cloth. Very respect
fully yours, Oliver P. Evans,
Acting for the directors of the Hastings Col
lego of the Law.
Ml*s Rocha's Debut.
At the Bush-street Theater to-night '-A Cel
ebrated Case" will be presented by a company
of local amateurs, the event marking the
debut of Miss Mabel Rocha. The cast is made
up as follows:
Jean Renand, condemned to the galleys for life .
..Charles Bates
Count ac Morney, returned from exile
..Edmund Crane
Duke d'Aubterre, Governor of province......;. :
Perrie Kewen
Viscount Kaoul de .Langry, betrothed to Adri
enne .'. ........ M. Mac Manns
Dennis O'Kourke, in service of the duke........
Mr. Dowdrll
Sergeant of guard Mr. Vanella
Jo«epn, a servant .. .'. ;-. . ... .George Stoddurd
Adrienne, duke's adopt daughter... Mabel Rocha
Valentine de A10rney......... Roselln l.a Faille
Duchess d'Aubterre.... . .'. . .vvr.: . ... . .8adl S wanton
Chanomesse...... Kllyce Ellyn
Jube, a maid ...Miss Gullbcrt
THOMAS R. KNOX CHOSEN.
He Will Occupy the Vacant Seat
in the Board of Ed
ucation.
DIKECTOR BARRETT VOTED NO.
Henderson and Carew Have a Lively
Tilt Over Certain News
paper Articles.
Superintendent of Schools Babcock has
at last succeeded in finding a candidate for
School Director who is acceptable to the
present board, and Thomas R. Knox, the
attorney, will occupy the seat vacated by
ex-Director Stone when he resigned to
accept the position of Deputy Superin
tendent.
After Dr. Drucker was defeated Superin
tendent Babcock, who had nominated iiim,
stated to the members of the board that he
was not going to nominate another man
unless he was tolerably sure that he would
be confirmed by the board.
Consequently when a special meeting
was called for yesterday morning to settle
the matter a caucus was first held to see
what chance there was of agreeing on a
candidate. Mr. Knox's name was pro
posed and all voted for him except Di
rector Barrett, who felt aggrieved that Dr.
Drticker. the first candidate for the oflice,
was not confirmed. Dr. I'rucker was
named at Director Barrett's suggestion, and
Mr. Babcock declined to name another
candidate when the majority in the board
i signified that it did not approve of the
choice.
Other influences were brought to boar
on Superintendent Babeock, however, and
he decided that as Mr. Knox seemed to he
i acceptable to the majority he would name
him. Before the secret session was merged
i into the open meeting Director Clinton
| took occasion to remark that he under
! stood that at the next regular meeting of
i the board the intention of the majority
| was to reorganize the committees so 'a* to
I give the minority very little representa
tion.
He was assured that the majority fa
vored harmony and that few if any radi
cal changes would be made.
When the board was called to order by
President Dodge Superintendent Babcock
officially announced the nomination of
Mr. Knox, who was confirmed by the en
tire board with the exception ofDirector
Barrett, who voted no.
In the caucus Director Henderson tried
to open a discussion on the matter of
leasing the Lincoln School property. He
intimated that Director Carew had in
spired certain newspaper articles intimat
ing that he was in collusion with a syndi
cate desiring to obtain control of the
i entire tract, and that liia advocacy of the
! abolition of the Lincoln and Webster
schools arose from this interest.
Director Carew denied responsibility for
every newspaper article that happened to
appear, ana refused to make a publio de
nial, as demanded by Mr. Henderson. On
Director Henderson declaring that he
would insist on a retraction, Director
Carew shouted that he would not bo intim
idated, and a first-class row seemed brew
ing until President Dodge declared the
matter out of order. The same course was
followed in the open meetinc, and the
matter will not come up until the next
regular meeting, when a lively time is
expected.
EATES TO OGDEN.
Possibility or a Conflict lietwetn Tiro
Irmisport.ition Companies.
The Traffic Association of California is
distributing among merchants who are
members of the association its fourth
bulletin on freight rates to points in South
ern Oregon from San Francisco, and from
Portland, showing rates froru this City via
Southern Pacific lines and via Yaquiua
Bay routes, water and rail.
The circular contains this enteresting
information to shippers:
It is the existence of the route via Yaquina
that has enabled San Francisco merchants to
reach this territory. Were v.c depending en
tirely upon the rail linen and without this
active measure of competition to control the
all rail rates from San Francisco, the difference
in distance in favor of Portland would re-ult in
securing entire control oi the trade to that
cliy.
Accompanying the bulletin isa schedule
of rates from the Western classification to
Albany, Tangent, Shedds, Helsey. Muddy,
Harrisburg, Junction City, Lupers, Irv
ings, Eugene, Henderson, Goshen, Cres
well, Walkers, Cottage Grove, Latham,
Divide. Comstock, Hudson, Roaeberg,
Ashland and other points in Oregon
reached by the Yaquina and Southern Pa
cific routes. These figures were given ex
clusively to The Call, and show a wide
margin in favor of the water and rail
route via Yaquina Bay.
What the effect of thi3 expose of the
rates between San Francisco and the Wil
lamette Valley will be is awaited with m
terest by Traffic Manager Curtis. It is
thought that the Southern Pacific Com
pany will have to reduce its figures, and in
that event a rate war between the two
transportation companies may be precipi
tated.
THE GAY TERPSICHOREANS
Their Annual Party Given in
Odd Fellows' Hall Last
Night.
A Pretty Cotillon Followed by a Sup
per of the Best— Those Who
Danced.
The young ladies who comprise the club
called the Terpsichoreins gave their an
nual party at Odd Fellows' Hall last even
ing. The affair was one of the most sue
: cessful society functions of the present
season. The young ladies are all pupils of
Miss West's school, and though young in
years showed that they were well versed
in the requirements of a party.
The decorations of the ballroom were
most artistic and suited to the occasion
and the company. The colors used were
of the lighter "hues with a dark back
ground of greens. The galleries were fes
tooned with pint and white gauze, over
which were garlands of eTergreens, and
above all pretty blue and white fan crea
tions.
From the ceiling were pendent pink,
blue and white streamers, to which were
attached Japanese lanterns. The stage
was a mass of plants, ferns and flowers
and over all was a canopy of gauze. Red
shades covered the gasjets, giving a pretty
effect. The hallways were canvased and
punch and lemonade were dispensed from
tables placed near the entrance.
The guests were received by Mrs. Charles
M. Keeney, Mrs. William Alvord and Mrs.
Blakeman, who acted as chaperones for
the young ladies.
The cotillon was started at 9 o'clock
with the figure of "Gliding Lines." Mr.
Greenway led with Miss Lthel Keeney.
The first figure was followed by the "Fig
ure Eight," "Double Columns," "Gray's
Figure," "Driving" and the "Serpentine."
Those who took part in the cotillon be
sides the leaders were:
Laurence Van Winkle, Miss Flora Dean;
Lieutenant W. K. Smedberg Jr., Mis? Leontine
Blakeman; M. S. Lr.tham, Miss Marie Wells;
Lieutenant D. \Y. Kilburn, Miss Rose Hooper;
Southard Hoffman Jr., Miss Charlotte Elliug
wood; Mr. Veeder, Miss Sophie Pierce;
Lieutenant T. Carson, Miss Lilha Burton;
Mr. French, Miss Travers Curry; A.
P. 'Williams, Miss Claia Huntington;
Harry Parker, Miss Ine Blaekmore;
Mr. KernaM, Miss Helen Warner; Lieutenant
Rutherford, Miss Violet Carey; Thomas Van
Ness, Miss Mary Bell Uwin; R. M. Dupern,
Miss Daisy Van Ness; L. McMuilen, Miss
Mollie Thomas; P'letcher McNutt, Miss M.iry
Polhemus; Ogden Hoffmau Jr., Miss Gertrude
THOMAS B. KNOX.
' Farmon; Fred Knight, Miss Gertrude Bates;
Robert 11 Eyre, Miss M. Collier; Bert Conner,
! Miss Ruinbo; George de Long, Miss de Long;
! E. Edwards, Miss Whitney; Ira Boss, Miss
Busie lilftnding; Mr. Selfridce, Miss Edith
Stubbs; Theodore Lawton, Miss May Stubbs;
! 11 . .Smith, Miss Helen Stubbs; Percy King, Miss
j Jessie Hobart; Mr. Boulding, Miss Hutchins;
! Mr. Carson, Miss Palmer; Douglas Mcßride,
i Miss Hinds: Clinton Morse, Miss Marie Mcsser;
I'wipht Hutchinson, Miss Helen Landers; Joe
; Powers. Miss Eloise Davis; Lieutenant W. (i.
| Halm, Mrs. Jewett; Addison Mlzner, Miss
! Kthel Hager; B. Upham, Miss Edwards; Mr.
Plate,, Miss Leuvler.
As it was determined to close the party
at a seasonable hour the supper was served
at 11 :30 o'clock. The lower hall where
the tabies were set was made warm and
comfortable by canvas spread on the floor
and portieres over the doors, preventing
i all drafts.
The dancers again sought the ballroom,
where the festivities were resumed and
1 kept until I o'clock, when "Home, Sweet
j Home," played by Huber's orchestra,
j brought the delightful affair to an end.
LITTLE GISLS' DONATION.
Tair for the King's Daughters' Home
for Incurables.
The board of managers of the King's
Daughters' Home for Incurables has re
j ceived $211 from nine little girls, all under
i 11 years of age, who recently gave a fair
I at the home of Mrs. A. Salts, 2734 Pine
j street, for that purpose.
The money will be placed in a fund for
! a new building, of which the institution is
I greatly in need.
The little girls whose names are ap-
I pended to the letter inclosing the check
■ arc Minna Salts, Claire Kaufman, Mabel
: Burns, Irma Livingston, Marion Hess,
: Adele Clot, Lloyd Liebman and Helen
j Greensfeider.
Lectures by Local Habbis.
Rabbi M. S. Levy of the Congregation Beth
Israel wIH lecture to-night nt the plnce of wor
ship over which he presides on "Sabbath in
Cologne in the Oppenheim Synagogue," and
also on a "Ride Lj> the Rhine." The Oppen
heim Synagogue isoireof the notable buildings
of Cologne, having been built and donated by
a wealthy banker of the name the hynagogue
bears.
At the Bush-street Temple Rabbi Frye will
1-ecture to-night on the subject of "The Highest
Bidder, a Woman Crusade."
THE TEACHERS OPEN FIRE
Delmas and Shortridge Have
Filed a Contest to the
Fair Will.
THE PENSION FUND BEQUEST.
It Is Alleged That the Pencil Will Is
Genuine and Revokes AH
Former Testaments.
The Board of Schoolteachers' Retirement
Fund Commissioners is determined to be
come the possessor of the $50,000 be
queathed to tliat body in what is alleged
to be the last will and testament of James
G. Fair, dated September 24, 1894, and left
in the custody of Mrs. Nettie Craven. The
document was written with a lead pencil
and is known as the "pencil will."
Late yesterday afternoon two contests to
the will dated September 21, 1894, were
filed, one over the signature of Dr. Marc
Levingston, the other over that of the
Board of Schoolteachers' Retirement Fund
Commissioners.
The attorneys acting for the contestants
are Delmas & Snortridge, J. D. Sullivan
and Lansing Mizner.
Both contests are substantially the same,
differing only in a few minor details. Dr.
Levingston, in the will dated September
24, is named with James. B. Angus and
Thomas Crothers as an executor, and by
virtue of his executorship be becomes an
interested party in the contest of the pre
vious will. Both contests submit the fol
lowing as to their grounds of opposition to
the probate oi the will dated September 21,
1894: •
1. Said will was not executed by said James
G. Fair, nor was it attested by the subscribing
witnesses in this, to wit:
(a) It was not subscribed at the end thereof
by said James G. Tair himself; nor did any
person, in his presence and by his direction,
subscribe his name thereto.
(6) The subscription of the name of James
G. Fair, at thc«ml of said will, was not made
in the presence of the attesting witnesses, nor
was it acknowledged by sa*:d James G, Fair to
them to have been made by him or by his au
thority.
(c) The said James G. Fair did not, at the
time of subscribing or acknowledging' the
sapje, declare to the attesting witnesses that
said instrument was his will. ■
{(I) Said subscribing witnesses did not' sign
their names at the end of said will at the tes
tator's request, nor in his presence.
'2. Said will dated September 21, 1894, if ever
executed at all by saiu James G. Fair, was by
him thereafter revoked, forasmuch as, after
said execution, to wit: on the iMth day of
September, 1894, said James G. Fair, 'being
then of sound mind, did make and execute a
writing declaring such revocation; said..writ
ing was dated at San Francisco the li-lth day of
September, 1894, was signed ' by said Jaiire* G.
Fair, contained the words, "I revoke all former
\» ills, by me made," and was entirely written,
dated and signed by the hand of said James G.
Fair himself.
Wherefore, contestant prays that said .wili,
dated September 21, 1594, be not" admitted to
probate, and requests that the issues oi fact
raised by this contest be tried by a jury. '. . :
The bequest which appears in the will
dated September 24, in which the school
teachers are interested and upon Which
their contest is tiled, states: ■-'
Should an act be passed by the Legislature of
this t-tate creating a pension fund for aged
teachers, I bequeath to said fund and direct
my executors to pay to said trustees of said
fund the sum of $00,000, to be. used for the
pensioning of aged lenclior.-i who have taught
twenty-live years or more in this State;
The State Legislature did, on March 26,
1805, create such a fund providing for the
appointment oi a Jioard oi Schoolteachers'
Retirement Fund Commissioners. The
passage of this act was due, to a great ex
tent, to the elforts of Mrs. Nettie Craven,
and the teachers desire the bequest which
Fair left subject to the act to be secured to
them.
AFTER THE BOODLE.
An Honest Womaa Who Refused to
Keceive a Furse Full of
Money,
A modern Diogenes could find a few
honest people left on this edrth if he
would but focus his lantern on the "Lost
and Found" columns of the daily papers.
For instance, on Friday last Mrs. Sachs,
the mother of Samuel Sachs ; the well
known merchant, found a weil-hlled purse
on one of the broad thoroughfares of this
City. Mrs. Sachs is wealthy and honest
and would cheerfully have put herseif. out
to rind the owner of the wallet. She
turned it over to her son, however, and
New Year's has been anything but a holi
day ever since.
]Sl r. Sachs thought the best way to find
the owner of the purse was to advertise
that it had been found, and he did so.
Two lines only told the tale, as follows:
FOUND— Purse, containing money, awaiting the
owner upou Identification, at 2H I'iue st., rin. '2.
Up to yesterday afternoon, when Mr.
Sachs hurried himself out of his ollice, ho
less thanUhirtcen people had come around
to claim the pui'.se. They were ail ladies;
not a single individual of male persuasion
showing up as a loser.
"I felt sorry for f .he poor things, "Mr.
Sachs said when asked about the claim
ants yesterday by a Call reporter. '"Some
of them looked as if they needed tne
money badiy. Others, I really believe,
came along without having lost a single
thing, but simply on the proposition that
they might correctly guess the amount of
money in the purse and get it. But, I was
pleased in one instance.
"A lady stepped into my office and said
she was one of the unfortunates who had
lost her purse during the holiday shop
ping. She described the purse I field al
most to a nicety, excepting that she did
not know of one foreign coin it. In all
other respects, however, sne was right to a
dime.
" 'Madam,' I said, 'I believe you are the
rightful owner,' and I handed over the
purse.
"It was astonishing to see that woman's
face.
"'That isn't mine!" she exclaimed.
'Mine was all worn on this end.'
•■From this time on," added Mr. Sachs,
"I'll have to believe there are some honest
people abroad. There was enough money
in ihat purse to prove a temptation to
many people, and this woman, who did
not appear to me to be very greatly
blessed with this world's goods, and who
could have taken the purse, refused it he
cause she recognized it was not hers."'
.But Mr. Sachs does not speak so higiily
of some of the women who called at his
office.
KEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
SHOOT THE CHUTESI
DAILY from: i TO lIP. >I.
SPECIAL— SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
MISS ESSIE VIOLA
"Will Give a "Wonderful Balloon Ascen-
sion and Parachute Drop.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS
Children (Including a Merry-Go-Kound Ride), 10c.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
—WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, Dec-mb?r 26,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Kac.np Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. ' Rain or Shine.
FIVE OB MOJtE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 p. m. sharp.
McAllister and Genry street cars pass the sate. '
R. B. JIILKOY. TiiO«. 11. WILLIAMS JR.,
Secretary. President.
Run Down and Killed!
Hundreds of - people lose their
lives every year through being run '
down by horse-cars, cable-cars' or
electric-trolleys. • ■[[ . :
Thousands of people are daily
risking their lives in another way.
They are run down and killed by
reason of ill health. They allow ,
their, systems to get weak, and
some slight illness develops into a
fatal disease. "■' '-' -: -
It is wiser to take no risks but to
build up health, strength and vital-
ity by the use of a healthful stimu-
lant. There is nothing better than
Duffy's J
Pure Malt Whiskey
which is unequaled for its strength- "
ening, invigorating, tonic effects.
It is not an ordinary whiskey, but
a preparation having "wonderful
medicinal powers. It is universally
prescribed and recommended.
Be sure that you get Duffy's pure
malt whiskey. It is the only medic
inal whiskey in the market.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
liljß^Tri EATRE *l PROPS.
3 NIGHTS MORK !
Last Matinee Saturday!'-
FAKEWKLL SUNDAY NIGHT t
HERRMANN IZhr
Presenting' His Marvelous
■ BI'LLET-CATCHIS(; FEAT I
In ebniunctlon with His Complete Entertainment
• of Magic, Mirth and Mystery. :.."
i — MONDAY; NKXT —^-'-- .'••'*
Every KvenliiK.-'lncludinsj Sunday. '?•
■• ' . Saturday' aiatiheo Only* '•' " • ••
3IAEIE AVA IX WEIGHT
, And Her O.vrii Splendld.Coinpn.ny -, <
In A. E. Lancaster ai;d Julian Magnus' - P-niverful
Emotlot>al Drama,' - -• .'.■ .-• '.
"DAUGHTERS OF EVE"
' ' SEATS NOW SELI.ING: ' : ''. 7 y.'^.:
■ THEATRE I- 1 props. •■-■ . '
• Last Time Next Sunday Night. '..•.- '• .'
——— MATIXEE SATUKKAV ! — ;
, A ' LAUGH EVEIiY MINTTIfi .■■;
TKICJMPII SUCCESS OF' : .'i'\'..'.
Everybody's Favorite Comedienne, ; ' V : ■ .' : " -
T^E JSL7ST IRYVIJV
Supported by JOHN G. RTCE and' Her Jsig Com- • .
•.",.■': patiy of Comedians; in . ' ' •,. '■'_'■
THE WIDOW JONES. •■: C;
XT JEi JSL T? "': . AA/ 1 DES 3E5 DEC • •
MR. LOUIS JAMES.
Monday, Tuesday and Sunday niehtu and. ■'"
.-.Saturday Matinee. ..'.'. "VIRGINIUS"
Wednesday and Thursday... '.....!'.' HAMLKT" -
Fridayand Saturday Nights.. ...."MACBETH"
. ; SEATS NOW READY. ./ / '
rniCDLAUDtSKJOrrLOD* a:io iwiaouu- • • ■ .[
: San Francisco's Favorite Comedienne,'
FANNY RICE
. ■■•■■:■ A.3 "IST^NOY". '•. , . °
. In Her latest Success, -. ■■' -
AT THE FRENCH BALL
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
THE' -FAVORITE: FR.IWLEY CO3IPASY!
Monday Next.
"THE LOST PARADISE!"
Reserved ScatH— lsc, 35c, 50c and 75c.
SUCCESS OF THE SEASON !
"OUR BOARDISG-IIOllSE."
Leonard Grover Jr, and Leonard Grover Sr. %
. ■ : - In Their: Qriein.il Roles.
; THE GREAT SLADE MURRAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Matinee Prices— lOe, 'lsc. 250.
Night Price 9— 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
'-•-: NEXT at ONDAV •*°
"MY PRECIOUS BABY I".
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
M»s. J-KM;sriNi:' Kkei:i I'roprieiuc ->iaa*<*;
— — THIS ..BVKXIN.G— - —
■ ■ The Gor)»coHS Holiday Burlesque, , ,
"IXtON"
GREAT CAST! ' 'GRAND BALLET!
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY:
The "Wondrous' Trans formation— — '
"SEA SHELIiS."
NEXT WEEK— -
- — -A SECOND EDiTION! \ \
NEW SONGS! . .-. ' riAXCESI
SEATS NOW ON SALE.- "
Popular Prices—2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
Wai.TKK MOUOSCO, Sole Lessee. and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Rankin and Maeder's- Great Comedy- Drama,
"THE RMAWAY WIFE !"
"A story of intense Interest, touching pathos and
Inimitable humor."— New York Critique.
.Evening' Pb'icu- 250 and 50a.
Family Circle and Gal) err. 10a • %
Usual Matinees Saturrtay and Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stockton an! P9T9IL
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK,
A BRILL SEW YEIR'S BILL!
Introducing Stars of the First Magnitude.-—
CARON AND HERBERT,
BERNARD DYLLYN,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR, \,
CLIFFORD AND HUTH,
And Our Unrivaled Vaudeville Co. *
Beserved seat*, 25c; Balcony, 10c: 'Opera caalri
ar.d ]<ox seats. 50c ' ■ ■ ■•■■■•■•■•
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
- — to-3xti:c3-:h:t: — *;
MalDel Roslia
As ADIUKXNE In ' "
CELEBRATED CASE,
Assisted by 11OSKLLA LA. FAILLE.
MACDONOUCH THEATER •
(OAKLAND)..
THE FRAWM.V COMPANY!
TO-NIGHT— "MwTHS." &*£&%
Sat. Matinee, "Lost Paradise": snr. evening, Fare-
well performance. "The senator.' 1 • BK*Wi
Prices— 2sc, st!c, 75c— So hlghe'r.
f '. ■";'.- '.:■
78
DR. BROWN TELLS HIS STORY IN OPEN COURT.
His Experience With Mrs.
Davidson Graphically
Related.
COURTROOM CROWDED.
Mrs. Stockton Confirms Her
Statement in Another Spicy
Interview.
SAYS WHEN HE KISSED HER.
Mrs. Gray Thinks Mrs. Tunnell Met
With Foul Play— Mrs. Raddin
Probably Located.
Undismayed at the eager, expectant and
curious throng of peoule. Dr. Charles O.
."Brown told the story in open court yester
d»v of how he came to pay Mrs. Davidson
$500 to protect his reputation.
In a calm, dignified way the details of
the plot, as he calls it, first to besmirch
his character, then to scjeeze all the
money possible from him., were gone
into. The reverend gentleman lirst.
told of Mrs. Davidson's proposition
us the representative of a certain unknown
party to quiet certain alleged acts of im
morality, if paid the sum of $1000 and a
monthly stipend of $75.
The pastor declared to Mrs. Davidson
his utter inability to pay such an .amount
of money, whereupon the agent for the
unknown persecutor cut the demand in
half. He agreed to this proposi
tion, and on November L' 2 paid
the woman charged with extortion
$.500 hush money, taking in exchange her
written promise that the story would
never be told. One month later lie swore
to the complaint of extortion, the out
er, ip pings from which have startled all
ban Francisco.
If Dr. Brown was cool and collected
during the recital of his dealings with
Mrs. Davidson, the opposing counsel and
the court livened up things with insinua
tions and -cross-firing.
Attorney Gallagher alluded to the con
ference which took, place in the church
between Captain Lees. Dr. Brown and
Miss Overman as a "full dress rehearsal,"
and at another time tbe attorney asked
Judge Campbell if he had held any con
versation with the detectives regarding
. the case.
"Why do you ask?" said the Judge.
; "I Would like. to know, because the in
terests oi my clients are at stake," replied
Gallagher, "and I deem it necessary to be
informed on this point."
"I refuse to answer, for it is none of your
• business/ answered Judge Campbell.*
.-..._• "It is my business," insisted Gallagher.
\ '-Now, I want no show made of this
■.[ case," responded his Honor. "Let us pro
j.ceed."
Mrs. M. A. Stockton clings to her origi
nal story. In fact, she supplements it
with another racy interview this morning.
.. If she is subpenaed for the defense in the
present investigation she will tell the same
story on the witness-stand.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, who is a member
of Dr. Brown's church, comes forward
with the statement that Mrs. Stockton was
a very efficient and devoted teacher during
her connection with kindergarten work.
"I have nothing to say to The Cam.."
That is all Dr. Brown would say when
asked for a statement in answer to the
charges made against him by Mrs. If. A.
Stockton. When the proper time comes
he will nrobably have something to say on
the subject. In the meanwhile he is silent.
Hiram L. Gear of the law firm of Gear
£ Gear, and father of George D. Gear, who
made the affidavit declaring that Mrs.
Stockton came to him in October, 1894,
■with a proposition to blackmail Dr. Brown,
cays that the young attorney is now in
Guatemala.
Previous to his departure he made the
affidavit at the request of Dr. Brown.
Mr. Gear believes that Dr. Brown will be
able to clear himself oi all reflections cast
on his good name by Mrs. Stockton. He
cays that his son received letters from
Mrs. Stockton in which she urged him to
call on Dr. Brown arid other prominent
citizens and extort money from them.
*-I think my son turned over these let
.'• B Dli LS -N AND ATTORNEY GALLACHKK.
Uy a "Call" artist.]
ters to Dr. Brown," said Mr. Gear, "and if
so the doctor will probably make their
contents public at the proper time."
Captain Lees said last night that ho had
nothing new to say. "I am not bothering
myself, " said the captain, "about Mrs.
Stockton or Mrs. Thurston. They will not
be called as witnesses in the case of Mrs.
Davidson, and I am not hunting up scan
dals for the delectation of the puhiic."'
"People seem to lose sight of the fact
that it does not matter one iota whether
or not Dr. Brown was guilty of conduct
unbecoming a clergyman with Miss Over
man. That is not what is being tried in
the court, but whether or not Mrs. David
son has been guilty of blackmailing Dr.
Brown, and I say I think she has. That is
all that I am concerned about.
"Yes, it is true that \Y. F. Whit worth
of 1013 Leavenworth street identified Mrs.
Davidson in the City Prison yesterday
morning as the woman who wasarrestea
in Lynn, Mass. She was then keeping a
music-store. He does not remember being
at her trial, but he distinctly remembers
her arrest, as Lynn is not a large place and
everybody knew about it. But 1 under
stand Mrs. Davidson's attorneys do not
deny now that she was the woman."
Mrs. Gray, who conducts the house at
1011 Mission street, where Mrs. Tunnell
had rooms, advances the startling theory
that her tenant has met with foul play.
She thinks Mrs. Tunnell a good Christian
woman, who could not under any circum
stances be induced to make a false state
ment.
The full court proceedings, as well as
other features connected with the case, are
told below.
MRS. DAVIDSON IN COURT.
The Defendant Arraigned In the
Presence of a Great Crowd.
Dr. Brown Testifies.
It was about 2 p. v. when Judge J. A.
Campbell forced his way through tue
dense audience that packed his courtroom,
took his place on the bench of justice, and
called the case of Mrs. Mary A. Davidson,
charged with extortion.
The defendant, on the request of "Walter
Gallagher, one of her counsel, was allowed
to take a seat beside him. Associated with
Mr. Gallagher in the defense of Mrs. David
son wax John j. Guilioyle Jr.
Ex-Judge Davis Louderback and Kouben
H. Lloyd appeared on behalf of the prose
cution.
Mrs.. Davidson preserved tbe same calm
and dignified demeanor — more suggestive
of the martyr than of the culprit— that
has characterized her actions since her
arrest.
Immediately following the calling of
the case Judge Campbell instructed the
clerk to arraign the prisoner, and the
clerk proceeded to read'the following com
plaint :
Personally appeared before me this 28th day
01 December, l -<:»>. c. <>. Brown, who on oath
make- complaint and deposes and says that on
'ii> 'J-.M day of November, 1895, in the City
and County ol San Francisco, State of Califor
nia, the crime of felony, to wit, extortion
was committed, to wit. by Mary a. Davidson
(whose real name is unknown to this complain
ant), who then ami there. .lid willfully, unlaw
fully and feloniously obtain from affiant the
sum oi $500 in lawful money or the [Jnited
Statos oi America and of the "property of affi
ant, with his consent, induced by a wrongful
us*' of force- and fear, contrary to the form,
force and effort, of the statute in such cases
made and provided, and against the peace and
dignity of the people of the State of California.
And this complainant, upon oath, accuses
the Baid Mary A. Davidson (whose real name is
unknown to this complainant) of having com
mitted Hie said crime, and prays that the said
accused way be brought before a magistrate
and dealt with according to law.
Charles O.Beowk.
This bore the proper attestation by
Judge J. A. Campbell.
When the formal question was put to
Mrs. Davidson as to whether the name in
the complaint was her true name, she
arose ana, in a firm ana clear tone,
answered, "It is, sir."
"Are you ready, gentlemen?" asked
Judge Campbell.
Walter Gallagher— l would like to hear what
the prosecution has to say.
Reuben 11. Lloyd— When this case was called
before we were ready to go on. We then had. a
witness— Mrs. Tunnel!— who, we understand,
is now across the bay. We have been trying
to get her here, but have not succeeded, i
want ro have her here before I proceed. I
don't want to try the case in nieces. J would
like to have a continuance until to-morrow.
(iallftgher— We are anxious to discover the
truth in this matter regerdless of who is con
cerned. We have been and are still willing to
go on— in fact desire to go on. We will not be
able to get through with more than three or
four witnesses, anyway, this afternoon. I am
willine to give any reasonable continuance.
1 am willing to waive ail objections if the
other side will do the same. I nm willing to
try the case as if it were being heard before a
committee of church deacons. But some of
our witnesses are here and some of the wit
nesses of the prosecution arc here and we
ought to go on. We want all the truth
brought out.
Lloyd— So far as the statement of the coun
sel is concerned in the matter of waiving ob
jection?, and the deacons, your Honor may not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 181)6.
be able to give the judgment of a deacon,
l on have no knowledge of what a deacon is.
Gallagher (interrupting)— Your Honor will
know before the case is concluded.
Lloyd— l am here to try the case as it is
proper to try it in a court of law. The ques
tion^ 10 be decided is, "Was there extortion or
not? I would nitlier have che rules of evi
dence apply aad not make this court a smut
machine. No far as my motion for a continu
ance is concerned, 1 only want time to Ret
this witness here und so 'try the case together
and compactly.
The court— The defendant is entitled to a
speedy hearing, and so far as the trial of the
ca?e is concerned, under the rules of evidence
is the only safe way to try the case. All other
matters, not legal testimony, will be strictly
roled out of the case. I don't think I will
continue the case until to-morrow. The case
can go over until 7 o'clock this evening.
Gallagher— We object to any continuance at
all. We desire to be just as' fair as we can.
When they have exhausted tli.ir other wit
neases they shall have Mrs. Tunnell.
The court— l don't think it unreasonable to
grant them a few hours.
Gallagher— I wish to impress upon the court
that the defendant is now in jail n:id has no
rich people in connection with her side ot the
ca*e to help her nionp.
The court— l want to do things in an orderly
and decent manner. I don't think it unrea
sonable to have the case go over till 7 o'clock.
It is so ordered. Another courtroom will be
secured, so as to get out of this crowded and
microbe-infected place. All the witnesses in
the ease will be here at that time without fur
ther notice.
When, shortly after 7 p. M., Judge Camp
bell called for order, the courtroom of
Judge Joachimsen was closely packed with
a class of people, few of whom were evi
dently members of a church, though there
"Jraa a slight sprinkling of the better ele
ment present.
Attorney (iaiiagher opened the proceed
ings in v somewhat unexpected and sensa
tional manner, as follows:
Gallagher— Before we proceed I would like to
ask your Honor if you have liail any conversa
tion to-day with any of the detectives regard
ing the o*m>7
The court — Why do you ask?
Gallagher— I would like to know because the
interests of my client are at stake and I deem
it necessary to be informed on this point. 1
want to know if your Honor has had any con
versation with Captain Lees of the detective
force or any other of the detectives about this
case, l mean to-day.
The court— I refuse to answer. That is none
of your business.
Gallagher— It is my business.
The court— l want no show made of this case.
Gallagher— l have no intention to make any
show.
The court— Go ahead with the case.
Gallagher— l nm waiting to lind out if my
witnesses are here.
Some little discussion ensued as to the
advisability of delaying proceedings, owing
to the absense of witnesses. If was h'nally
decided to wait. Attorney Gallagher re
turned to the attack by addressing the
court as follows:
I desire to have your Honor sworn and to
then state as to whether or not you have had
any conversation with the detectives. I think
there is a conspiracy to whitewash this
preacher at the expense of this defendant.
The court— l refuse to comply with your re
quest.
Gallagher— The reason I ask—
The court— l don't want any reasons. I don't
want the matter discussed.
Discussion was resumed on the matter
of waiting lor witnesses, and the court
finally decided to go on with the case.
Alter Attorney Gallagher bad called for
Mr. and Mrs. Thurston, two of the wit
nesses for the defendant, he said:
Your Honor will observe that all the sub
penas have been served t>y the police, and that
the sub pen as are not served for the defense as
promptly as for the prosecution. I am satis
fied to go on with the witnesses for the prose
cution :'.;:.! tbe defense as far as we can.
Lloyd— lf your Honor please, when I to-day
asked for a continuance the defense objected
and counsel said he whs ready, and now they
claim they are not ready. 1 want to try the
ease .-is a whole ami not by lueeemeal.
Gallagher— l stated we were ready and that
we also had witnesses in Oakland v.iio had not
then appeared, but I expected them here to
night. Since the court adjourned I have asked
to have these witnesses subpenaed.but they are
not here.
in reply to the court's inquiry Detective
Seymour said no return had" yet been
made by the officer to whom the subpenaa
were given to servo. Attorney Gallagher
demanded a continu.ince, statin- that he
also expected Mrs. M. A. Stockton to be
present, but that she was not. The court
ordered the case to go on.
"Call your witness in the case, Mr.
Lloyd," lie quickly added.
Lloyd— Dr. Brown, take the stand.
Gallagher— We want all the other witnesses
and the officers who had taken part In the case
including Detective Seymour, excluded.
Attorney Lloyd objected to Seymour's
exclusion and the court sustained* the ob
jection and instructed tbe other oSlicera
and witnesses to retire, remarking that
any one who remained would be punished
for contempt of court.
Lloyd— Dr. Brown, on the 21st of November,
1805, were you in the City and County of ban
Francisco?
I>r. Brown — Yes, sir.
What position did you hold?
I was pastor of the First roncrrpational
Church, located at Post and Mason streets.
Have you au otiicc in the church?
Yes, sir.
On the evening of November 21 were you in
the office of the church?
Yes, sir.
At what hour?
Eight o'clock.
Did anybody call on you?
Yes. sir.
Who?
Mrs. Davidson.
T>id yon in that office on that occasion have
any conversation with the defendant, and if so
wlmt was the conversation?
She had a bag in her hand from which she
took a paper which purported to be—
liailagher— We object to witness stating what
the paper purported to be.
The court— objection sustained.
Lloyd— Just as far as you know from what
she told you or read to you .state what the con
tents of it was.
Attorney Gallagher made an objection
to the counsel for the prosecution leading
the witness, as he charged was being done,
and in the course of the brief argument he'
said :
I do not want witness to have suggested to
him what took place at the fall-dress rehearsal
at the church with Captain Lees as part of the
plan to whitewash the preacher.
The court— l don't want to hear these insin
uations any more. (Jo on, Mr. Lloyd.
Lloyd— Didn't she procure a paper?
Brown— She. stated the purport and explained
the paper.
State what she said to you.
She said she was the" agent for a certain
woman, whose name she refused to give and
the location of whose house she refused to
give. Tliis woman claimed to be a lodvring
hotue keeper and that she and another lady
had seen me enter a certain house with a lady.
My memory is very explicit that she refused to
give the name ot the lady. She referred to her
us a certain woman or "lady. She refused to
tell where ihe lodging-house was. She sa"^
this lady had seen a certain lady and
myseli enter that lodging-house; -that
something in our demeanor liad excited her
suspicions, and that the lodging-house keeper
watched our movements, and that they hna
discovered a nefarious crime bet-veen me nnj>
the lady. That paper was a proposition rh
ngreement on the part of that lodging-house
keeper, to keep inviolate our secret if I would
imy $1000 in installments, the first payment to
be made on November 22, $75 to be 'paid on
the first of the succeeding month, #45 on the
tirst of the next month, mid then $75 and $4">
alternately each month for a period of ten
years.
As the result of an objection made by
Attorney Gallagher counsel for the prose
cution instructed the witness to state the
exact language as far as he could remem
ber it. and the substance of the conversa
tion if he could not recollect the exact
words.
Brown— She did say distinctly once anda^Bin
that iiiis woman, whoever she might be. would
keep our secret' if I would consent to i.ay this
money. That was the substance of our conver
sation at our meeting. 1 told her 1 was abso
lutely unable to meet any such conditions and
that n those wore her conditions the might. «ay
to the woman that she might no ahead with
ncr scheme. I further told her she would do
me a kindness if she would throw the paper
into the lire. She a-,ked me to consider what
would be the effect of my relusul or that
woman 6 demands in the then condition of the
public mind regarding scandals of this char
acter. She culled my attention to the fact that
I \\ ms a prominent pastor and that the coin
inanity was In no frame of mind to hear such
a story and not believe it. I listened to all she
had to say. There were several reiterations
as. to the condition of the public mind
and oi the effect of my refusal of
that woman's demands. I nsked this woman
what assurances she could give me that she
had authority a?id influence to nilrill the con
ditions of the agreement. .She said: "I hold
a secret' of that woman V life. lam able to
«ivo you every assurance that if vosi will ac
cede to these conditions you will be. ,suf.> as a
t«oy in its mother's arms.' She states that
she wm acting without compensation and out
REUBEIS II LLOYD AM) EX-JUDGE I.OUDERBACK.
[Sketched from life bji a "CaU" artist.]
of kindness for me. She said she had compas-
Blon upon me and that she. wns acting purely
oat of friendship.
Attorney Gallagher— Witness knows better.
Brown— There was considerable conversa
tion, the details of which ! urn not able to ex
actly remember. Aitersome I'.iiw she sfiid that
tne conditions of that paper were too severe ;
Bhe would gladly undertake toseenre from this
certain woman more favorable conditions. I
told iier that l would meet her at 3d o'clock of
thnt same evening at her own doorstep. I
asked her if it would be possible within the
time named for her to go to the unknown
voman and return. She said it would, a- she
lived within two or three blocks <■[ this place.
Atter that some further words of the agree
ment to meet me at the time and pl-ice named
passed between us. She then departed. That
is wbai transpired in my office.
Llord— Was anythine said beyond what you
have stated that you can aow remember?
Brown— l don't remember anything else be
yond what I have stated. ] " do recall one
thing. I asked this woman to take me to this
certain unnamed woman— to lei me see her—
but she refused to listen to any such sugges
tion. She returned the answer: '-That will be
of no use; yon cannot change her mind."
Lloyd— Did she say what would be the result
of your refusal.
Brown — It was stated somewhere during the
conversation that in case I did not accede to
the demand at noon the next day exposure
would surt-lv follow.
You said you were to m^ot ncr again that
evening. Did you meet her ?
Yes, sir.
WJint wa? said and where was that meeting "
Thin meeting was at 'J'J.~> i teary street, about
10 P. M.
What was said ?
1 greeted h'-r and sho bepnn the conversa
tion by saying;: "Thank God, Dr. Brown, I
have succeeded n:id this woman has put the
amount within your reach, She will take>r.">no
cash down to-morrow at noon and $35 monthly
for five years tocome." That was the substance
of what \nhs said.
Was there anything further snid nbout any
thing?
Do you want what she said or what 1 said?
What both .-aid.
I said, "Very well, I will meet you to-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock with the money."
Were you to meet her on the 22d of Novem
ber at your office?
1 was.
Where is the office you spoke of — in the First
Congregational Church?
It is.
I was there at 11 o'clock on the 2d of Novem
ber, 1895.
Was anybody else there at that time?
The defendant was there.
What took olace?
I snid: "Mis. Davidson, I have fulfilled mv |
promise and brought the money, but you are a !
lady well advanced in years. You are liable to
die before the five years provided for in this
agreement expire. If you die without giving
me the name (if this certain woman 1 will be
wholly unprotected, and she may come upon
me with a demand for this money lam now pay
ing you. Mr-. Davidson was still unwilling but
after some conversation she said, "Well, what
kind of a paper do you want me to write?" 1
said, "!f I recollect the substance of the paper
you read last evening that will do very well, if
you will put in the amount." She replied. "]
do not recollect the words ol that paper. I
wish you would tell me what you want me to i
write." l Bald, 'I am yery willing to do so,"
and l took a sheet of paper and cut off the
let:, mead from n ami handed it with mv pen
to her and dictated to her the following-
Lloyd I show you now a paper. Have you
ever seen that paper? Jf so, where and under
what Circumstances? .State all you know
about it.
Objection was made to witness testifying
regarding the paper until it had been
offered in evidence. The objection was
overruled.
Lloyd— This is the papor witness saw de
fendant write, and he Baw her sign her mine.
Brown— lt was written inmyolliee between
the hours of 11 and 12 a. m. on November '22,
18Jrj. The lady took the sheet of paper and
my pen which I oflered her and said, "I wish
you would tell me what you want me to
write," and I dictated to her these words.
Witness was about to read the agree
ment, when lie was stopped by an objec
tion from counsel for the defendant, who
claimed that the contents of tr.e document'
could not be road until the document
itself had been offered and admitted as
evidence. Attorney Lloyd stated that they
simply wanted to show the circumstances
under which the document was written.
At this juncture I'astor Brown inter
jected a remark before Attorney Gallagher
could stop him: "Tncre is another very
important circumstance."
Gallagher (to the court)— He is not the pastor
ol this congregation, thank God, and should
not be allowed to speak out of his turn.
Dr. Brown here whispered something to
the court and this again aroused the ire of
Attorney Gallagher, who a.sked the court
to instruct witness that he should speak
only when he was asked and then loud
enough to be heard by counsel.
The court— l don't want any more of these
dirty insinuations. I have heard enough Go
ahead. (Hand-clapping in rear of couri.)
Lloyd— State the circumstances under which
the agreement was written.
I can state another important circumstance
without referring; to the paper.
Slate the circumstances only.
The lady took my pen and began to write
and when she reached' the point where the
name ot the unknown woman should hein
serted I, of necessity, had to leave it blank
and proceeded with my dictation to the end of
thisdocument. and Mrs. Davidson signed her
name to it.
Numerous objections were interspersed
in this testimony of Dr. Brown but all
were overruled and the doctor was allowed
to Bniah his statement. Continuing his
testimony, Dr. Brown said:
i*he signed it of her own free will and con
sent. No threat was made by me. 1 looked at
it without taking it from her, »uul I saw that
the only ihing that would make it of any value
to me had been omitted. I said to Mrs. Davidson
that the ]m.por without the name of that lodg
ing-house woman would be without value to
me. She hesitated and again took the pen. I
said 1 would give no money for that paper
without the name in it. She then wrote the
name by in terlineating it. When thenam3had
been written the paper was handed to me and
I took it off the block or pad ana handed Mrs
Pavldson the -jioney, $900.
Lloyd— What became of that $500?
Brown— She counted it very rapidly and put
it into her handbag.
What did she do tnon?
She«aidtome: "(iod bless you, Dr. Brown.
i "ii nre now as safe as a baby in its mother's
' arms."
What did you do with the paper in her pres
ence?
1 folded it, put it in an envelope and pnt It
in my pocket.
Is this the paper? (handing the witness a
note size sheet of paper with writing on it.)
Objection was made on the ground that
no proper foundation had been laid for the
introduction in evidence of this document.
The objection was overruled, and Attorney
(iallagtier said :
Watt time of day was it when the paper was
drawn?
Between 1] and 12 o'clock. I dictated and
she wrote as l dictated.
Dili any lurther conversation occur at the
time the paper was written?
I do not recall any.
Did she say what she -wanted this money for?
She said she wanted the money for—
Objection by prosecution sustained at
this point on the ground that the witness
had already testified on this point.
Gallagher— What did you give her this
money for?
Brown— l gave her money to keep Mrs
Baddin from telling her story.
What story would she tell?
Objection made that this line of ques
tioning was not proper at this stage but
might come in on cross-examination. At
torney Lloyd claimed that he had the
right to show the transactions that oc
curred between the defendant and the
witness in order to show that the paper in
question was the one that she had written
and signed.
In the course of his argument Attorney
Gallagher said :
Bui what if I can show that thjs paper was
produced under duress and threats or fair
promises, your Honor will not admit it be
cause they will not be permitted to manufac
ture evidence for themselves?
The court— Head the paper.
Gallagher— We object on tne ground that
there is not sufficient evidence for its admis
sion.
The court— Objection overruled. '
Witness handed the paper to Attorney
Lloyd, who read it. It was as follows:
San Francisco, Nov. 22, 1895
In consideration oi a sum of $500 paid to me
as asent for Jane Catherine Baddin nt date and
of *;!."> to be paid in cash ami of ,*35 to be paid
in cash and every month, commencinc Janu
ary 1, lS!>r,, for live years ending January 1
1901, 1 do hereby agree to protect the good
name of c. o. lirown and to protect him from
all personal demands in connections with the
above matter. Mai;y A. Davidson.
The court (addressing witness)— This was
your money the $500?
Brown — Yes, sir.
"lhat is all," said Attorney Lloyd, and
Attorney Gallagher for the defense began
the cross-examination as follows:
How long have you lived in San Francisco?
1 came here three years ago last August, and
hare been preaching in the First Congrega
tional Church ever since, t have known Mrs.
Davidson about sixteen months. Snc taught
a Bible 'lass in my church. I knew her when
she lived nt 100 Post street. Hie did not re
side there, but kept a store. She resided about
ihe third door from dough street on Kills. I
visited her there but twice.
When Attorney Gallagher asked the
witness "Did anybody live there with her
that you knew?" Attorney Lloyd inter
rupted with the foliowirg:
"At tue interviews of November 21 and
22, when the lodging-house keeper was
spoken of, was the name of the woman
with whom Dr. Brown was seen men
tioned ?"
Yes sir. It was Martha Overman.
Dr. Brown then testified as follows in
continuation of his cross-examination : "I
have known Miss Overman for five years.
I don't exactly recall the words of my con
versation with Mrs. Davidson which re
ferred to Martha Overman, but Mrs.
Davidson indicated to me that Miss Over
man was one of the three persons who
would swear to the lodging-house occur
rence."
Prosecution objected to the following
question: "Have you been to any lodging
houses with Miss Overman at all?"
In arguing his right to ask it, Attorney Gal
lagher, said: I want to show that tne state
ment made to the doctor by Mrs. Davidson in
reference to his relations with Miss OVerman,
are true. I want to show that it was the inten
tion pi Mrs. Davidson to help the doctor out of
trouble. She went to see her pastor to see
if anything could be done to avoid a scandal.
We will show that Mrs. ISaddin was known to
Dr. Brown and a great many other people We
simply want to show the motive of Mrs
1 javidson to have been a good one and that
sue did not act at the time in an unlawful
manner. U c want to show, as the witness him
sell has testified, that she acted not only as the
agent for Mr.«. Baddin, but became'on the
doctor s own request the negotiator for him
After the prosecution had argued the
matter further, on the ground "that the
truth or falsity of the chafes made
against Dr. Brown cut no iigure in the
rase, the court ruled in favor of the prose
cution and decided that no testimony
would be allowed on this point.
"I am here to try this case in the light
of the law," said the Judge, "and not ar
bitrarily, therefore I sustain the ob
jection. 1 '
Dr. Brown interposed asking, "May I
say a word?" but Gallagher objected, stat
ing that he did not wish any 'theatricals
from the witness.
Continuing the cross-examination coun
sel for the defense asked :
Did Mr. Davidson have any conversation
with you on November 21 about Mrs. Baddin?
She did.
What lodging-house did she mention?
She mentioned none.
When she spoke about a lodging-house, what
did you say concerning Mattie Overman?
1 said nothing whatever, she repeated, that
Mrs. Baddin would affirm to the statement
that Miss Overman and myself were in the
lodging-house together.
Why did you not make answer?
Because she asked me no direct question.
Did she tell you what lodging-house you
visited?
No, she did not on that occasion.
Did she on the 22d day of November?
I do not now recall whether she did or not
I am not absolutely sure, but I think not.
Now, doctor, is not this a fact that the first
conversation you ever held with Mrs. Davidson
about Miss Overman occurred at Mrs. David
son's house?
The court— You must confine your question
ing to conversations that took place on the
-Jlst or 22d of November.
tiallagher— He stated a moment or so ago
that the first conversation took place at the
church, and I simply desire to prove out of
the witness's own lips that it took place at her
house. I understand that there were three
conversations, one intermediate, which took
place on the steps.
Did you say to-day that on November 21 you
asked Mrs. Davidson to produce that woman?
Yes, I did, and the next day made inquiry
about the same t\nd looked into the directory
to lind ii out.
On the occasion of your meeting at the
church did Mrs. tfavtdton tell you that Mattie
had made a confession to her "about yourself
and her?
No, not in those words.
Did 6hc make a stntement that three persons
would swear to improper relations between
Miss Overman and yourself?
I urn very confident that she did not.
D:d you tell her this?
At this juncture Mrs. Davidson, whose
penetrating black eyes had been fastened
on the doctor, flushed, and she burst out
dramatically:
"Yes, sir; you did, you did yourself."
"I did not," contradicted the doctor.
Gallagher— Did you not become quite ex
cited on that occasion?
I would not wonder if I were excited. lam
perfectly willing to admit that I was excited.
Did she not make the statement that Miss
Overman had told her that she and you were
criminally intimate and that you gave her
medicine.
No; she did not.
In fact, did you not furnish such medicine
to Miss Overman?
The question was stricken out and an ex
ception taken. (JalJagher explained that
by establishing the fact that thedoctordid
furnish the medicine would be a circum
stance to corroborate Mrs. Davidson.
Did you shed any tears on November 21?
No, sir; I did not.
Was any lixed amount of money agreed on
at this time?
Mrs. Davidson asked me if I could reach
$500, or, if not, what I could reach, and then
Intimated that I had wealthy relatives who
might furnish me the necessary funds if I ap
pealed to them, but I told her I would make
no appeal of such a nature.
Did you not say to her that you had paid
$600 to a Mrs. Stockton to allay a scandal ?
"I ask the court's protection. I have told this
man already that nothing of this kind hap
pened."
Lloyd— i'ou are trying to trap this witness,
sir.
Gallagher — No, sir: that is not my intention.
I am noi trying to entrap a witness who is as
experienced as this witness.
"What language did you use when you re
quested to see this woman, Mrs. Baddin?"
I said: "Who is this Mrs. Baddin, and where
is she? Take me to her."
l)id she take you to her.
She did not. The reason she gave was that it
would be useless. She said: "The woman has
conlided the whole matter to me."
At what hour did she come to see you?
At about 8 o'clock in the evening, and she
.staid about three-quarters of an hour.
Did she bring you a paper and read it to you?
She read the ;>aper but part way through ;
but I told her it was unnecessary, that I would
not accede to any such demands.
Did you believe or not believe that the Bad
din woman had a secret of yours?
Lloyd— l protest against such form of ques
tioning. They are trying to edge in and open
That door of scandal which the Supreme Court
says shall not be opened, and I insist that they
shall not under the guise of detense proceed
to insult this witness.
Gallagher— And the law does not propose to
send a good woman to jail to whitewash any
body.
The court— Objection sustained.
The court adjourned until 11 o'clock
Saturday morning.
— 4-_ <• .
WHERE HE KISSED HER.
Mrs. Stockton Again Talks of Her
Relations With Rev. Dr.
Brown.
"He did not kiss me in the study
exactly, but as I was leaving it," said Mrs.
M. A. Stockton last evening in reviewing
her relations with Dr. Brown, pastor of tho
First Congregational Church.
She said she was quite alarmed over Dr.
Brown's sudden display of affection, not
but that she felt flattered, but she was
afraid that the sexton might detect them
kissing.
"As he held my hand," she continued,
"he suddenly drew me toward him, and as
he gave me a most energetic hug he
pressed his lips to mine. Then I hurriedly
left the church by the side door and the
doctor went back to his study.
"No, that was not- the "first time Dr
Brown kissed me, for you remember he
stated that .l.threw my arms about him
when he visited me at my home at the
time of my illness. The fact was that he
kissed me then, but it was when he
caressed rue on the occasion of mv visit to
his study that I lirst realized that he had
more than n passing fancy for me.
When Dr. Brown says that I thre-v
»oulan'tt;.l. remember that on onTocea"
jjj S ">"») 1 ■"»" talkii, B with a number Sf
girls in the classroom of the church he
rushed over to me and acted so S tran K eiv
that his conduct was commented o n b y a
?UteS? the * lrls >>»>* 1 W« very &
th^school' fond ° f , the yO ng ladies of
me scnool. It was a pleasure for me to be
associated with them. I felt honored at
thetr companionship aml <lid not wis,i to
.£,.£ y w, Dp that would forfeit their re
"P"; ) Vhe with them I felt like one
who had been tossed about on a turbulent
sea and at last had found a haven of rest
I was popular with all and would have
remained an active member of the eta ?ch
bad not Dr. Brown's attentions toward
me become so pronounced that I was
forced to leave.
"I wish to explain more fully
; motives In joining the church, tine
: Brown stated in the newspapers that it
was for tiie purpose of carrying on a
system of blackmail against t tie man
1 Now, that statement is absurd on the fa c
ol it. A clever, woman who wanted to
apply her energies and her tact to sin h •.
calling would not select such people I
Brown as her victims. She would play
for something higher. She would
her blackmail among the rich. I want to
reiterate tnat my motives in joining the
church were the purest.
"Dr. brown gave me money on pcTeral
occasions. This fact I wish to emphasize.
But I never blackmailed nun. This fact I
also wish to emphasize. He forced hU
attentions and his money on me. Jl
knows this to be true. He knows tiut
every word of my statement regarding in v
relations with fiim, as published in The
Call this morning, is absolutely true.
But I want peace. I want to be left alone.
Why does he want to persecute me?
"Dr. Brown should have respected my
silence. I could have made public ttm
story of his double-dealing Jong agu, and
I was offered big money to tell or my con
nection with the church and its pastor. I
refused point blank, as my interest in the
church ended when I left* it some eighteen
months ago, and I wished the past to be
forgotten. Now he seeks to ruin me, to
iiru'j; me down with him in his fall. I have
no malice against him, however, even
though he lias assailed me, but, on the
other hand, pity him and his family in this
awful scandal.
•1 was silent until he forced me to speak
in pure self-defense. I wished to show him
that 1 was honorable in m>t bein" the first
to precipitate his downfall. His methods
show in the man a desperation born of de
spair. The very fact that hi.* lawyer tied
from the City after making an affidavit to
besmirch the character oi a defenseless
woman points to the manner of man he
realiy is. A sensible public may draw its
own conclusions as to the truth of such a
document.
"It is a dirty mess and I would never
have divulged a word of my relations with
Dr. Brown had he not brought it on him
self. I hope God will forgive him. Though
I know that Dr. Brown is trying to ruin
me to save himself, 1 hula no spite asain-t
him. Of the two, I think, that I have dis
played the most Christian-like spirit.
"i do not wisn to pose as a martyr be^
fore the public, neither am 1 a hypocrite.
I just want to be let alone, I .don't, wish
to drag anybody else into- this raes*. 1
mentioned Mrs. "Cooper's name simply be
cause sha knew me as a teacher in. the kin
dergarten. She knows nothing of my pri
vate life. I don't care particularly what
people think about my position in this
case, but I do know that Dr. JJrown has
painted me in black colors before the pub
lic and it would be hard to make people
believe me entirely innocent. Therefore I
am not going to worry.''
LAST OF MRS. TUNNELL.
Said She Was Going to See Dr.
Brown, but Never Re
turned.
Mrs. Gray, who conducts the house
where Mrs. Tunnel] secured lodging two
days prior to the arrest of Mrs. Davidson,
cannot understand the disappearance of
her boarder. In fact,, slie is much dis
turbed over the matter and goes so far as
to hint at foul play.
MRS. J. A. GILLIE.
"The main inquiry of all visitors is
about Mrs. Tunnell, who has not been seen
or heard of since last Sunday morning,"
she said.
"Candidly. I am very much worried
over the matter, for it looks to me as
though she had been induced to remain in
hiding by the parties most directly inter
ested in her testimony. On the other
hand, it is possible that" she lias met trim
foul play. While I would not for a mo
ment say that such a dreadful thing has
happened, yot I do know that people have
'disappeared' for much less cause than aD
pears to be involved in this matter. .
"I had known .Mrs. Tunnel! for several
months, though she has only been room
ing with me for about two weeks I think
it was abo-H !»:.H0 ociock last Sunday niorn
i»£ when a boy came to the door with a
message for Mrs. Tunnell. I delivered
NEW TODAY.
to-day for one day at
KAST'SSHOESTORE
to prepare for one of
our Colossal SHOE
SALES. Preparations
are being made to
eclipse our former
success.
ONLY GENUINE
BARGAINS.
TO-MORROW
(SATURDAY).
738=740 Market Streetthe note in person, and pome twenty or
thirty minutes later Mr«. Tunnell came to
my room. Baying plie na(i keen criJled to
Dr. Brown's house and would return home
after dinner—not later than 9:30.
"That is the last I have seen of Mrs.
Tunnel!, and 1 eonu>-s that her absence
- most peculiar. She has not rant for
a stitch of clothing, and unless she has
made numerous purchases in that line I
do not see how she has got along. It is
hard for me to believe that Mrs. Tunnell
is guilty of any wrong-doing. She has
been an earnest faithful worker in the
Lord's vineyard, ana I have had the
utmost confidence in her good intentions.
towing her as 1 do, it is difficult for
me ;< atshe would lend her aid
crime, even though it were to shield
i:Pri.\ ■■ blood. Tlds makes me
think that something may have gone
wrong.
••Altogether the entire case seems most
myeteriouato me. On last Saturday — that
day Mrs. Davidson was arrested — 1
-a^v Miss Overman for the first time. She
came to my house about 8:30 in the morn
ind asked to see Mrs. Tunnell. That
.: so happened, had been called out
vn important busim -
■Mis;- Overman then asked me if I had
a spare room, as stie had determined to
b change in boarding-houses. I told
her that 1 could accommodate her, when
lid her trunk would be down about
noon, and that sbe would come later In
the day. That is the first and only time I
have ever seen Mi^s Overman. As I said
t»efore. 1 think the whole thing very queer,
p.nd will certainly not rest easy until Mrs!
tell is found*."
SPIRITED DEFENSE.
The Alleged Blackmailer Has a
Champion In Mrs. Sarah
B. Cooper.
The story of Mrs. M. A. Stockton in
answer to the charges of blackmail made
against her by Dr. Brown as published
in The Cai l yesterday created a profound
sensation.
Mrs. Stockton was a former member of
the First Congregational Church and a
substitute teacher in the Sunday-school.
>arah B. Cooper, the well-known
philanthro3nst, introduced her to Dr.
Brown and recommended her for member
ship in the church. Her name has never
been dropped from the roll, though she
ceased attending the church more than a
year ago.
•Mrs. Albertine Stockton was an assist
ant in the Willard Kindergarten in 1890,
under the princijalship of Miss Harriet
Ciereau,' 1 said Mrs. Cooper. •'She was a
faithful and earnest worker, and won her
way to the he&rta of all the members of
our visiting committees, who witnessed her
devotion to iiie little children under her
care. The statement that she was trained
or prepare i ; or kindergarten work under
•our association is erroneous, as we then
had no normal training school for kinaer-
Sue was trained by Mrs. Kate
Smith Wiggin in the California Training
■l her practical work, as assist
ant, was done in the Willard Kindergarten.
She was a faithful, devoted worker, and 1
felt that she would make for herself a live
record as a kindergartener."
Mrs. Cooper clings to the belief that Dr.
Brown is innocent of any immoral con
duct. She is (ieeply grieved, however, by
the scandal that has befallen the church
to which she is very much attached.
"If Dr. Brown were guilty " she said,
'•I would be the first one to tell him to his
face how great I considered his crime. 1
would tell him that only by the deepest
tiun and a future life thoroughly
upright and repentant could he hope to
r his sin. It is bad enough for a
private individual to throw away his life,
nut when a man in a public position sins
and drags down with himself societies and
•rganizationa which have the misfortune
to be associated with him he is thrice
guilty."
IS IT MRS. BADDIN?
A Mrs. Bodln KeptaLodglng-House
at Fourth and Mission
Streets.
All yesterday detectives, reporters and
those who take a lively interest in matters
mysterious made search for the elusive
Mr-. Baddin. Lodging-houses, saloons
and corner groceries were invaded without
respect to the owner's protest of any
knowledge concerning the much-wanted
Mrs. Baddin. At only one place was any
trace of the existence of such a person
found.
. On the corner of Fourth and Mission
streets is a saloon and poolroom, the upper
story of which has recently been converted
intf> a place where women may come and
chance a iew pennies or dollars, as the case
may be, on the races. This place Mas
formerly a lodging-house, with a career as
uncertain as that of many of the people
who daily congregate there. "Within the
last eighteen months the place has changed
hands many times, the stay of each lessee
being of such transient nature that these
people did »ot become identified with
those of the neighborhood.
Spme eijiht or nine months ago, it is
stated, a Mrs. Bodin assumed charge of the
ph*ce, but her stay was brief. The promi
nence that Mrs. Baddin has assumed in
the Brown-Davidson suit causes those who
remember the former lodging house
keeper to think these women are the same
persons. ■
An effort is now being made to find Mrs.
Bo.iin, in the belief that she may prove to
he the mysterious woman to whom Mrs.
Davidson claims she paid the $500 ad
vanced by Dr. Brown.
OBJECTED TO "AMENS."
Mrs. Gillie and the Free Woman's
Infidel Suffrage Club— Talks
About Dr. Brown.
Mrs. I. H. Gillie, who has been so much
• :i of in connection with the Brown
Bcsndal, has had a remarkable number of
spiritual experiences herself, and she
attribute? her present atheistic frame of
mind: in a large measure to the pastor of
the Fir?: Congregational Church.
At one time Mrs. Gillie was a shining
li^ht among the Methodists, and at the
time of the Mills revival meetings she took
an active part in the work at the Bijou
Theater. In moments of fervid devotion
Mrs. Gillie used to cry aloud, "Amenl
Amen!" in exultant tones during the ser
vice. Thig practice led to a little differ
race of opinion between herself and her
l-a^ior, Dr. JDille.
The preacher expressed himself as being
opposed to the amen habit, and Mrs. Gillie
retorted that she would like to see the
pftstor who could put a padlock on her
';. In this strained condition of
things Mrs Gillie demanded her letter ana
shuok the dust of the Central M. E. Church
fr \>hi her feei.
•fjuently, when the ardor of the
y Mission work was upon her, the
ltdy appii«-*l for membership in Dr.
Brown's church. Her application was
abeol to be granted, when Dr. Blown
crushed it with the recmaik:
:AVe don't want any Methodist element
coining in with amens."
was the last stand as far as Mrs.
1 jllie was concerned.' She turned ht-r
ba«k £q churches altogether, forswore
< hr.'-t.anity and beca-me a professing
atheist. - ■ ■ .
Last spring she started a new society
known as The Free Woman's Infidel Suf
frage Club, which held weekly meetings
•▼cry Thursday nieht at 9&7 Market street.
Quite a goodly* following gathered round
in.- Infidel Limner, a. number of the ;it
mts being people with theories. The
•as iree to ail comers, and good or-
Cnd decorum prevailed, even when
,' and ardent gentlemen of foreign
•riijn, arose, as they sonietim.es did,
indjatled .it the theory of women wield
ing the balk. torth'inkini,' enough to become
tin.' Gillie and her follower*
-it and smiled at 'these tirades, for it
ed;them to lie broad-minded and to
a benignant ear to all opinions.
When the opponents of the franchise were^
through, however, the ladies generally
took the floor successively and before they
were through with them the opponents of
the franchise had not a feather left in their
ruffled plumage.
Mrs. Gillie's Suffrage Club was uniqne
of us kind, but it ended its meteoric
career on the night of the great fire, when
all the audience went out to see the blaze
and did not return. The next Thursday
there was no meeting, and there never has
been one since. Home people say the
sociefy died gradually, because the money
collected did not cover the expenses of the
hall. Mrs. Gillie says she had an attack of
the grippe after theYire and could not take
the chair as she had been wont to do.
However that may be, the Free Woman's
Infidel Suffrage Club has become a thing
of the past. Mrs. Gillie siys it woukl
never have existed at all if Dr." Brown had
not objected to "amens."
A PREMONITION.
Mrs. John Martin Talks Guardedly
of Rev. Dr. Brown's
Troubles.
No one is less surprised at the Brown
scandal than Mrs. John Martin, the lady
of the will contest.
The reason for this is not because Mrs.
Martin accused one of the deacons of the
Congregational church of card-playing
and other shortcomings, and in the rum
pus that ensued left the Congregational
fold, Mrs. Martin is a lady who says she
is given to sudden premonitions and she
relates that about six weeKs ago she met
Dr. and Mrs. Brown on Polk street. She
stopped them and inquired after the con
gregation.
"The church is getting on splendidly,"
said Dr. Brown, '"splendidly."
Mrs. Martin relates that a wave of con
viction rushed over her that there was
great trouble ahead for Dr. Brown.
Scarcely knowing what she was doing, she
exclaimed :
"That won't be for long. There are peo
ple in the congregation who are making
trouble for you. Things will not come out
as you wish."
"At that time I knew nothing of the
Davidson trouble," said Mrs. Martin yes
terday. "I merely spoke from premoni
tion; but Dr. Brown knew of the brewing
scandal, which accounted for the fact that
his face became quite ghastly at my words.
I spoke to my son of it at the time."
Mis. Martin's son corroborated this state
ment, and Mrs. Martin added that she had
not heard of any ill feeling toward Dr.
Brown, but merely acted from impulse.
It is Mrs. Martin's opinion that Mattie
Overman is the mysterious Mrs. Baddin,
who shared Mrs. Davidson's spoils. She
believes that the women quarreled over
the division of the $000, and that the quar
rel accounts for Miss Overman's sudden
change of heart with regard to Mrs.
Davidson.
"Dr. Brown has said frequently," re
marked Mrs. Martin, "that Mrs. Davidson
was his 'mother in Christ.' If he acknowl
edged her in that relation, it seems to me
to be natural that she should have actedias
his agent in this affair."
ADMIRED BY MEN.
Mrs. Stockton Had an Interesting:
Career at Port Angeles,
Wash.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 2.— Mrs.
M. A. Stockton, who is accused of having
attempted to blackmail Hey. Mr. Brown of
San Francisco, was a resident of this city
in the year 1891, during which time she
figured prominently as a member of the
Congregational church. Immediately
after her arrival here she sought the ac
quaintance of Rev. E. Chase and became a
constant visitor at his home. Apparently j
her one design on him was to persuade i
him to adopt the younger of her two chil
dren, a little frirl of 4 years, and in this
she was successful, for when she left the
city the child remained with Rev. Mr. j
Chase. Mrs. Stockton first came here in j
responso to apotice published by Mrs. M. j
V. Smith asking that some kindergarten j
teacher establish a school in this city.
Mrs. Stockton took up this work at once
and succeeded in securing subscriptions
from numerous young men about town for
the support of the institution. Her rela
tions with a contractor of this city soon
began to be a matter of gossip, and it was
also stated that she was receiving monthly
remittances from Lloyd Tevis, a promi
nent and wealthy man of San Francisco.
But the good-looking kindergarten teacher j
continued to teach her Sunday-school
class ana succeeded in securing a lar^e
attendance at her kindergarten.
It was evident during her residence here
that she was placing herself under constant
restraint, but it was so far relaxed after
the close of her school that her char
acter became generally known. Two
prominent attorneys deeded several lots to
her for very nominal consideration, and a
third presented her with a bottle of cham
pagne on the night of her final departure
from Port Angeles. Mrs. Stockton was con
sidered attractive by men and dangerous
by women, and her associations with the
former caused several family disturbances. I
WELL KNOWN IN SPOKANE.
Miss Overman a Prominent Figure
on the Streets of That
City.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 2.— Although
Mattie Overman and her sister were a few
5 ears ago familiar figures on the streets,
Mattie, on account of her form and red
hair, attracted considerable attention.
Mattie and her sister conducted dress
making parlors in Temple court. They
did a good business, and it issaidhadja
great many gentleman callers. Miss Mattie
for a while kept company with a popular
young society man, who tried to introduce
her in the best of society. By some who
claim to have been well acquainted with
her it is said insinuations that she was not
strictly proper are founded on malice
rather than fact, and the aforesaid society
man, who was a constant, attendant, in
sists that she was strictly proper. One
thing is sure, outside of the comment of
those who knew her and ncr actions with
those with whom she came in contact,
Mattie Overman's sojourn in tnis city at
tracted no more attention or caused no
more talk than dozens of others.
HAD A STORMY LIFE-
Miss Overman Said to Have Been
Mixed Up in Many Unpleasant
Difficulties.
TACOMA, WASH., Jan. 2.— Mattie Over
man, brought into notoriety with Dr. C.
O. Brown, lately pastor of the Congrega
tional church here, has, from all accounts
so far, had a stormy life. Miss Overman
was for some time a member of Epworth
M. E. Church choir here, and while not
considered a model to follow by the other
young ladies of the congregation, she con
ducted herself properly, until her escapade
in Seattle.
It was common talk that she was bruised
and' beaten by her husband there, and
sh e did not deny the story.
For some time she worked for a colored
tailoress on St. Helen's avenue, a Miss
Weldon, who was herself considerable of
an adventuress, and an adept at scheming
how to work the upper ten. Miss Over
man became tangled up in a row that oc
curred between a party of campers at
American Lake some time ago, in which
oue of the parties came near getting shot.
As for her going in the best circles here,
there is likely to be a question raised as to
what particular set she has reference to.
Her folks are respected and well thought ox.
SERVED AS BUGLER.
Dr. Brown Enlisted In the United
States Service When a
Mere Boy.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Jan. 2.— A To
ledo special to-day saya: Rev. C. O. Brown
of the First Congregational Cliurch iv Saa^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
Francisco was a Toledo boy. Rev. Mr.
Brown volunteered in the United States
service during the Civil War as soon as he
was old enough to permit his entering the
service. He served as bugler in the Third
Ohio Cavalry. He was a comrade of A. J.
Eyster, Thomas Crofts and others of this
city.
Mr. Eyster was seen to-day, and said:
"Yes, I knew Charlie Brown as we called
him. He was a nephew of Colonel How
land of East Toledo. He entered the
service from the grammar school of
Toledo and served as bugler of Company
C, Third Ohio Cavalry. He was a young
boy and on account of his youth just suc
ceeded in passing muster. He rose from
company to regimental bugler, and when
the war -ended was brigade bugler. At
the close of the war he was only 18 or 19,
and about the first thing he diet after re
turning was to get married. He married
an excellent young woman down at
Oberlin by the name of Wheat.
"After marriage he began to realize the
stern realities of life and got down to hard
work. He worked his way through the
school at Oberlin and afterwards through
a theological school. I think he was grad
uated in the same class with Dr. Fisher,
who used to be at the Washington-street
Congregational Church. I am not inclined
to believe the stories told about him. He
was an excellent boy and came from a good
family. His giving tne woman money is
against him, but it is difficult to say what
a man would do when his reputation was
threatened by the stories, even if they
were not true."
TO STOP CITY BURIALS.
A Meeting of the Richmond
Property-Owners' Asso
ciation.
Testimony of a Physician Regarding
Sickness Near the City
Cemeteries.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Rich
mond District Property-owners' Associa
tion was held last evening at 1224 Point
Lobos avenue for the purpose of taking
action in the matter of prohibiting tne
further sale of burial lots within the City
limits.
It will be remembered that the question
was actecl upon favorably by the Health
and I'olice Committee of the Board of
Supervisors several weeks ago, but the
board at its last meeting referred the
matter back to the committee for recon
sideration.
The meetine of the association was called
to order last evening by Charles H. Hubbs,
Kditor Joseph H. Bond of tne Richmond
Banner acting as secretary. By a unani
mous vote the following ordinance was
adopted and it will be laid before the
Health and Police Committee of the board
tli is morning at 10 o'clock :
Section 1. That it shall be unlawful, after the
passaga of this resolution, for any person, asso
ciation or corporation hereafter, within the
limits of the City and County of San Francisco,
to purchase, acquire, sell, lease, or in any other
wanner dispose of, or make available any land
situated therein for the purpose of interring
any human body, or any portion of any humau
body, except in such lots or plats as may have
been already purchased by parties for their
own use, or the use of their families; provided
the said lots shall not be used for general inter
ment purposes.
r 2. Any person or persons violating any
of the provisions of this order shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction
] thereof shall be punished by a fine not less
i than otic hundred ($100) dollars, nor more
I than five hundred ($500) dollars, or imprifon
! ment not exceeding six (6) months, or both
such fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 3. Any ami all ordinances or orders in
conflict herewith are hereby repealed.
This order shall be in force from and after its
I passage.
A number of stirring speeches were
made upon the adoption of the resolution
advocating that the needs of this growing
City derr anded that the burial of tlie dead
among the homes of the living must be
checked.
Mr. McKillop said that cemeteries al
ways retarded the growth of a city, besides
depreciating the value of adjoining prop
erty and being a general nuisance.
Thomas Crosman, representing the J. C.
Jordan property in Richmond District,
valued at $600,000, spoke at length upon
the question, and Ludwig Altschultz said
that the association must never cease its
labors until all the graveyards were re
moved.
Mr. Bond said:
The earth here is full of eerms of disease.
A prominent physician told me a few days ago
that there was more sickness in the near
neighborhood of the graveyards than in all the
rest of the district put together. He also said
he was going to have some of the seepage
water from the cemeteries tested by the au
thorities for disease germs.
C. H. Hubbs and Judge W. W. Allen
also spoke vigorously oil tne question.
HEIRS ARE AGREEING.
Mrs. Mary Spence lias Petitioned for
Her Share of £ugeu« Sullivan's
Estate.
Mary T. Spence has petitioned the Su
perior Court to have distributed to her that
part of the estate of Eugene J. Sullivan
which it was agreed between the heirs and
herself should be allowed her. She will
receive several valuable pieces of property
and get $7500 in cash.
The property she will get is a 40-foot
lot on Sacramento street, near jJruinm, a
37J^-foot lot on First street, near Howard,
and a 4ti}^-foot lot on Golden Gate avenue,
near Devisadero street. A mortgage held
by Nellie Kenna and her nusband against
Mrs. Spence for $10,0UO will also be can
celed.
TWO PEDDLERS ARRESTED.
One of Them Charged "With Grand £ar-
ceny and the Other Detained.
Arthur Cavanagh, a peddler of Japanese
goods, was booked at the City Prison yes
terday by Detective Reynolds and Police
ruan Sylvester on the charge of grand lar
ceny. Cavanagh 'a partner, J. Mclntyre,
is in the "tanks" and has not yet been
charged.
Monday the two men called at the resi
dence of Mrs. Elizabeth Hollowell, 1120
Broadway, and offered their wares for sale.
They expressed their willingness to accept
jewelry in payment if ready coin were not
convenient. Mrs. Hollowell showed them
her gold watch and chain and Cavanaph,
so she says, ran off with them, followed by
Mclntyre.
Policeman Sylvester was notified and he
found the two men on Masonic avenue.
He captured Mclntyre and handcuffed him
to a lamppost while he went In pursuit of
Cavanagh, who had run into the brush.
Sylvester overtook Cavanach and toon, him
back to where Mclntyre was handcuffed
and marched them both to the City
Prison.
KNOCKED DOWN BY A CAR.
J. XV. McKinney Internally Injured ou
■; v .." ' mission Street.
J. W. McKinney, an old man living at
1638 Mission street, was knocKed down by
electric-car 1020 while he was crossing
Mission street, at Fourteenth, yesterday
morning. Before the car could be stopped
he was draped about twenty feet. • The
fo<* was so thick that he did not see the
car till it was upon him.
The old man was picked up in an un
conscious condition and taken in the pa
trol wagon to the City and County Hos
pital. His injuries are internal and the i
physicians at the hospital are unable yet
to say whether they are serious or not.
Spanish People used to keep lumps of
rock crystal ou . their toiJet tables for cool
ing the bands, as the temperature of these
woudcrf ul balls is said to uaYex xsx£ , ',
HE BROKE ALL RECORDS.
Colonel Macfarlane Came From
Queenstown in Nine and
a Half Days.
POLITICS NOT THE CAUSE.
He Met Princess Kaiulani and British
Statesmen, but the Latter^Will
Not Aid Hawaii.
Among the overland pas^ngers regis
tered last night at the California Hotel
was Colonel G. W. Macfarlane, wife and
infant, from England, their little party
having completed the long journey from
Queenstown, Great Britain, in the un
precedented time of ten and a half days,
while the actual traveling time was only
nine and a half days, fifteen hours having
been lost in New York waiting for the fast
Pennsylvania limited train to Cnicago, and
nine hours in Chicago waiting for the
westbound train, the Northwestern lim
ited.
This loss of time would have been saved
if the steamer Lucania, in which Colonel
Macfarlane crossed the Atlantic, had
docked in New York two hours earlier,
which would have enabled him to catch
the New York Central limited for Chicago
the nignt of his arrival there.
In reply to a question Colonel Macfar
lane stated that he first conceived the idea
"of making a record trip across the Atlan
tic to Kaa Francisco when he boarded
the crack fast steamer at Queenstown, and
learned that the Cunard Company had in
structed the captain to make a record trip,
as the steamer Lad been delayed eighteen
hours at Liverpool, with the United States
mails aboard, by a dense fog prevailing on
lie day scheduled for the steamer to
leave.
Good weather was experienced on the
trip, which was accomplished in five days
twelve hours and eight minutes. The
average speed of this wonderfully fast boat
was twenty-one and a half miles an hour
for the entire trip.
Colonel Macfarlane carries with him a
printed log of the Lucania's voyage, which
was furnished by the captain to each pas
senger. The daily runs were 514, 511, 519,
521 and 531 miles respectively. Of the rail
way runs the Pennsylvania Limited to
Chicago was made in 23 hours, and the
Chicago and Northwestern line, via Union
and Central Pacific, from Chicago to San
Francisco, was accomplished in 3 days
making in all 9}£ days actual running
time.
Colonel Macfarlane is much pleased
with this achievement, and his little
12 months' old baby girl stands alone in
the world probably as the only child who
has ever covered such a distance by steam
and rail in the time named. The trip has
been very hard on the little one, who has
lost fully five Dounds of flesh. Mrs. Mac
farlane, however, is quite well.
Colonel Macfarlane says his fast trip
should give the Postmaster food for re
flection and should enable him to very
much reduce the time in which the San
Francisco and the Australian mails should
reach England, as Colonel Macfarlane's
experience in London was that San Fran
cisco letters took fifteen days to get across,
and tlie Australian mails after arriving in
Ban Francisco invariably took eighteen
days.
Colonel Macfarlane disowned having
gone to England, where he has been for
the past six months, for the purpose of
getting British aid in seating Princess Kai
ulani on Hawaii's throne. He said, how
ever, that he had met the Princess and Mr.
Cleghorn, her father, as well as leading
statesmen, and had dined with several of
them.
"I am convinced, however," he added,
"that neither England nor Salisbury will
have anything do with the affairs of
Hawaii."
WROTE UP HIS TENANT
How Robert Lane, a Landlord,
Tried to Get Satisfac
tion.
" The Butcher Moved Awaj Owing
Me Rent for This House,"
the Owntr.
Up to December 21 C. E. Barwick and
Robert Lane were on speaking terms at
least, but now they do not even bow as
they pass by and there is a prospect of a
most interesting legal battle in the Jus
tices' Court in which their troubles will be
aired.
The difficulty all came about through
Lane's method of explaining to his neigh
bors why Barwick and himself are not on
friendly terms. The latter conducts a
butchering establishment on Alabama
street, between TwentyJ- second and
Twenty-third, and in September last
rented a certain dwelling at 1010 Alabama
street, of which Lane is the owner, at a
stated sum per month.
When the winter rains began to fall in
copious showers Barwick found that the
roof leaked to such an extent as to render
the house uncomfortable for himself and
family. He called upon JLane and ex
plained the circumstances, requesting
that the necessary repairs be made to ren
der the dwelling habitable. To this the
landlord demurred, saying that under the
rent paid he could not put any more
money into the building, and that if
the butcher did not like the house he
could do the next best thing — move.
There was a little nitch to this arrange
ment, however, for Barwick owed a little
balance of $2 56 on the rent which he did
not feel like paying under the circum
stances. After borue parleying, however,
Lane, according to Barwick's story, ac
cepted a proposition to take the difference
out in meat at the butcher's place, and
Barwick moved to more acceptable
quarters.
Here is where the trouble began. For
some unexplained reason Lane did not, see
fit to take out his balance of $2 06 in meat,
but decided to get that amount of satisfac
tion out of advertising Barwick as a per
son who thought it easier to move than
pay rent. He caused the following sign
to be painted and hung in a conspicuous
place on the side of the house:
The butcher moved away owing me rent for
this house.
Of course, in a community where both
parties were well known, the incident
caused no end of comment and it soon
came to Barwick's ears that he was getting
some advertising which would not re
dound to his benefit, j -;■•■ .: r
He went to Lane and asked that the ob
jectionable 6ixn be : taken down, but Lane
was having quite a little fun I out of the
matter and declined . %o accede to the re
quest.
Then Barwick was . angry and called
upon | an attorney, who. counseled, him to
bring a suit for damages. The butcher was
loth to go into court, but the sign began to
hurt his business and he nnally consented
to allow the proceedings to be begun. ; ,
4 cumyluuii will be ijled within a daj 'or
two asking $299 damages for injury to his
business and reputation. In the meantime
the neighbors are taking great interest in
the affair, and numerous witnesses who
MW the sign and who were cognizant of
the facts of the matter will be summoned
to tell the court what they know about it.
OFFICERS INSTALLED.
l.inrolu Post and Lincoln Corps Hold
Public Ceremonies.
Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R., and Lin
coln Corps No. 3, W. E. C, publicly in
stalled their officers for the ensuing year
last evening at the post headquarters, 35
Eddy street. Past Department Commander
C. Mason Kinne was the installing officer
for the veterans, while Past National Com
mander Elizabeth D'Arcy Kinne con
ducted similar ceremonies. Badges were
presented to the retiring commander,
Joseph Steele, and to Mrs. Hannah M.
Deane, past president of the Relief Corps,
the presentations being made by J. J. Lyon
and Mrs. Clark.
After tne installation services an excel
lent musical and literary programme was
rendered as follows:
"Memories of the War," veterans' quartet;
vocal selection, Mrs. J. D. Wiehtniau; tenor
solo, Fred Everett; recitation, Thomas Mabar;
duet for mandolins, Messrs. M. and G.Post;
barytone solo, Joseph Sutton; ballad, Mrs.
Harry \V. Mortimer; vocal selection, Will 11.
Thomson; duet, Messrs. button and Everett;
song, Miss Zeala Cook; "America," veterans'
quartet and the audience.
The evening's entertainment closed with
dancing to excellent music, which was
continued to a late hour.
A NEW POLITICAL PARTY
Men Who Favor the City Owning
Its Own Water and Light
Works.
To Tap Lake Tahoe— None but Citizens
to Be Employed Upon Public
Work.
On the 24th of last month five citizens
decided to call a convention and form a
new party to enter into the fight at the
next political campaign. To this end they
sent out between seventy-five and one
hundred cards to well-known citizens, in
viting them to assemble in convention.
The names in which the call was made
were Dr. N. Bar Due, William Mahone}',
Charles Goldstone, Charles Campodonico
and John C. Rierdon.
Last evening the recipients of the post
als responded and assembled in conven
tion in Police Court 2, in the City Hall.
Joseph P. Kelly called the meeting to
order and stated the purpose and aims of
the new party. He said that the party is
not for political gains, but in the interest
of good local government. The objects
would be set forth in detail in the plat
form that would be adopted.
John C. Rierdon was elected chairman,
and he delivered a spirited address upon
good covernment. Joseph Kelly and
James Smith were elected secretaries. A
committee, consisting of James Smith and
John Clark, examined the credentials of
those who took seats in the convention,
ami pronounced tne same to be all right.
The platform of principles was presented
by a committee and indorsed. It was an
interesting production, and dealt with the
questions of the day. The principal points
are the indorsement of the project of the
City owning its own water works and gas
and electric-light works. Great stress was
laid upon the importance of municipal
ownership of the water consumed in this
City, and it strongly favored enlarging the
City water works (when they are secured)
by bringing better and purer water from
Lake Tahoe, or some similar mountain
source.
Another feature is a declaration that the
City officials should regulate and limit the
telephone rates. Still another feature is
that no one shall be employed on public
work who is not a citizen, and that the
name of every one working for the City
must appear on the Great Register.
Then came the selection of a name for
the new party and great energy was con
sumed in wrestling with this problem. At
last it was decided to call the new organ
ization the "Citizens' and Taxpayers'
Anti-Water Party." While this title
pleased a part of the delegates the others
said they feared that the name would an
tagonize the temperance element of the
community, who might construe it to be a
party more favorable to the liquor inter
ests than to the advocates of pure, spark
ling water. The meeting adjourned to
meet at the call of the chairman.
CREDITORS DEMUR.
Kohn'* Complaint in the Braverman
Insolvency Proceedings Ob
jected To.
The creditors of Louis Braverman have
filed notice that this morning they will
move to have the complaint in interven
tion, recently filed in the Braverman in
solvency proceedings by Isaac M. Kohn,
stricken out. They will base their motion on
the fact that there is no law which allows
a complaint in intervention to be hied in
insolvency proceedings.
The creditors of Braverman have also
filed a demurrer to the same complaint,
in which they alleged that it does not
state facts sufficient to form a cause of
action. The complaint objected to charges
that the insolvency proceedings are collu
sive and brought for the purpose of im
pairing a |50,000 mortgage which Kohn
holds.
la Not to Be Closed.
Sister Julia of the Sheltering Arms Home
for Infants, on Harrison street, wishes to deny
a report wbich has gained currency that the
home is to be closed. She says that such is not
the case.
A Sudden Death.
Bridget Nelson, 74 years of age, was found
dead in bed in her room at 2326 Pine street at
7 o'clock last evening. It is presumed that her
death was due to natural causes. The body
was taken to the Morgue.
NEW TO-DAY. : rJ
"' — ——The New
Estrella
— -— Key West
— Havana Ggar
c
is - —
Handsome
in shapes and sizes; colors ——
rich / and bright. A mild
.-- — pure fragrant smoke at a
popular price. 2 for 25c^ ■'-.
— — JOe, 3 for 25c.«^ Jt— T —
— - — Esberg, Bachman & G>.— —
Wholesale Agents, S. F»— '—
NEW TO-DAY.
OUR MAMMOTH
Bargains in
Drugs and Perfumeries.
Warner's Safe Cure, 83c.
Dr. Kock's Cod Liver Oil, 54c.
Lydia Pinkham's Compound, 75c.
Dr. Scott'a Celery Compound, 75c.
Hood's, Joy's or Dr. Koch's Sarsapa-
rilla. 59c.
Hoff's Malt Extract, 25c.
Dr. Koch's Cough Cure, 25c.
Barker's Hirsnteis, 69c.
Dr. Koch's Hirsutine, 62c.
Mellin's Infant Food, 33c.
Witch Hazel, large bottles, 25c.
"Anita" Cream, 50c.
La Cigale Perfumes, 50c.
EVERYTHING IN DRUGS AND PER-
FUMES UNDER PRICE.
Bargains in Hosiery.
3 pairs for 50c.
Fast black, full fashioned, extra qual-
ity guaranteed; good value at 35e a
pair— never in this world to be dupli-
cated again for the price.
Bargains in
Trimmed Hats.
$4, $5 and $7 50.
We don't get 50c on the dollar at these
prices for our Trimmed Hats. They
are the highest class millinery.
Bargains in
Mink Neck Scarfs— 7sc.
Bargains in Flannels.
Bargains in Linens.
French Printed Flannels, 25c. We
soid the identical goods at 50c and 75c
a yard.
Imported German Eiderdowns, 20c.
Bargains in Underwear.
Ladies' Balbriggan Vests, 25c and 50c.
Ladies' Natural Wool Vests, 75c and
$1.
Ladies' Swiss-ribbed Vests, 75c, $1 and
$125.
An Avalanche of Bargains Will Be Showered On You I
Better than
Broths
)\and
S [Bouillon
» "The ordinary soups, broths
r and beef teas are worthless" say
A eminent physicians.
\ COCOA is the most nourish-
f ing and easily digested liquid
A food known to science.
\ Dyspeptics are compelled to
r drink it instead of tea and coffee.
J Ghirardelli's
* COCOA
is made here — not long in get-
ting to you, therefore FRESH-
EST; therefore STRONGEST,
most NOURISHING, most
ECONOMICAL.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner of Sacramento and Webster streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING JANUARY 3,
DR. L. C. LANE.
Subject— "Circulation of the Blood. 1 '
mr ADMISSION FKEE..ea
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TfcRM,
OP THE URBAN SCHOOL, AT 2124 CALl-
fornla street, will begin on 3IUXDAY, Jen. 6,
1 896. Mr. C. Brier will begin his lectures on Phy-
sics early In the coming year. A department for
very young boys will be added to the school.
NATHAN \V. MOORK, Principal.
AUCTION SALES.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & C 0. f
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 5181.
Furniture and Carpets of the Grand
Southern Hotel at Auction.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY,
January 6 and 7,
At 10 a. at. each day, we will sell, on the premises,
COR. MISSION ASD SEVENTH SI'S.,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE
AND CARPETS
Of above Hotel, contained in 100 rooms.
The goods comprise Two Square Pianofortes,
Fine Solid Oak Chamber Suits, Best Spring and
Curled Hair Mattresses, Fine Feather Pillows and
Bolsters, Mission Blankets, Mantel Mirrors, Brus-
sels Carpets, Wardrobes, 200 Oak Chairs, Fire-
proof Sale, Fine Upholstered Parlor Furniture, etc
Note.— Be sure and attend the sale, as the goods
are very desirable.
EDWAKD S. faPEAR <fc CO., Auctioneers,
SI uta 33 siuuex street.
j Bargains in Cloaks,
$1 50, $2 50, $3 50.
Not a single garment, but tablefuls to
take your pick from, of garments that
in season sold at from $10 to $30.
$5 00 and $6 00 JACKETS.
These are in black, tan and blue; they
sold at from $10 to $16 50. They are
meritorious.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, $3 50 and $5 00.
We carry a larger line of Children's
Jackets than any house here. These
are odd lots marked down from $10,
$8 50 and $6 50.
Ladies' Suits,
$2 50, $5 00, $7 50.
If you but dreamt of the monstrous
bargains these Suits are atthe price we
positively wouldn't have one by night-
fall.
Ladies' Wrappers,
$1 00 up.
We want you to see the German Eider-
down Flannel Wrappers at $3 75 and
$4; they are very cheap.
Dress Goods Bargains,
15c, 25c, 37 »4c and 50c.
Well, you never saw so much Dres3
Goods for so little money. We never
lost so much either. All double fold,
fancy mixtures. We'd gladly buy
cases for the price we ask for a single
yard.
STORM SERGES, 50c and 75c.
Blue or black, 36 to 52 inches wide; ifc
is a positive pleasure to be able to offer
such grand goods and widths for these
prices.
Bargains in Silks,
35c, 49c, 59c, 75c, 98c.
If you've a yard of Silk to buy sco
ours and save money. We lose a pile
on them.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
1 STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
W* «»^ cq nn
I I|jv $wiUUi
YOURJEET DRY!
■ ■ ■
We bave a fine assortment of solid-weaclrm
| Winter Shoes for ladies and men which we will sell
I at a great reduction. The line includes Calfskin
Cork Soles. Kangaroo Calf, Pebble Coat and Don-
sola Kid, with double soles. We are making sp<-
cial prices, as we realize that after the holidays
; trade is slow. Our cork-soled shoes for men ca'n-
j not be equaled in this city. The styles are right
| and every pair can be guaranteed. We have re*
duced the entiro line, and will now sell Calf-lined
Cork-soled Shoes worth $6 for $5, our 95 line for
$4, and our great $4 line will be reduced to $3.
Here is a great chance to secure a bargain, as tha
Calfskin is tne best and will give good service.
Kemcmher the price. Men's Cor.k-soled CalfskiiJ
Shoes reduced to $3. > - •
I fir .1 V / Kfl
H r % WfalwU
\ •/' , "-■ ■■' : '
We have also a fine line of Ladles' Fine Doogala
Kid Button Shoes, with medium Waukenphast
toes and patent-leather tips, double soles, with cork
tilling, and made in the very latest style, straight-
. foxed rvamps, reversed button fly and apex but*
tons, which we will sell for
$2:50.
These shoes are worth more money, as the stock
is the very best, being soft, pliable and easy on the
feet.. The cork tilling in. the soles prevents the
dampness penetrating to the feet, and in everyway
they will prove to be lust what . the ladies have
been looking for. -They . are being ! sold elsewhera
i for $3 50. -..-' ... ". w . - • ■-■;>--•.- i^j-':.-
-i MEN'S GENUINE ALASKA BEAL, LACE
OK CONGRESS SHOES reduced to 93. 00
LADIES' STOKM RUBBERS reduced to.. 400
WE HAVE NOT MOVED.
j —-—
j SST Country orders solicited. ; '"'.
1 MfST Send for New Illustrated Cata.loga&
Address • ■ . ■"■ - . ■ - "- ■..».•-.■ ■'
V . B. 1 KATCHiNSKI, - ■
' 10 Tliird Street, San Franctie*.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
RIGGS HOUSE,
Vv^cislxixiertoxa., 33. O.
; The Hotel "Far Excellence"
OftheNatio**! Capital. First class In all appoint
menu. . . v. D«WITT, Tre«*
American plan, $3 per day and
1 upward.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
«IMMARV OF THE BIAKKE.T?.
ifew York Kxchan^e lower.
silver a fraction weaker.
Flour marked up 15c.
Wh?at hanlly as firm.
Karley, Oats and Corn very steady.
Hay eas'er. Feedstufts unchanged.
Nothing aomi? in Beuns. '
Sweet Potatoes firm. Onions higher.
summer Vegetanle* advaocad. '.
Butter a little Itetter. Cheese stiff.
EgcS ; s;c-a<jy. . ■
A car of F.astern Poultry In: '
Game rather steadier.
Oranges weaker >^nd dull.
Dried Fruits neglected. . •
Provisions unchanged.
H ides as before.
"WEATHER BtTRKAU REPORT.
' ' .. I'NITF-D States. Dkfabtmekt or' A'oßicriy
: TflH, .Weather BIKKAI. .-A.V Francisco. Jan
•uary 2, -18P5, . 5 i\ M.— Weather conditions and
-. general forecast: HKfifflaflLjHJ
• ■ :\ The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
;- as compart ■: with those of the same date las.: year: •
-.■':■ Eureka 15.80, last season 19 62; Ked Blutt 6.66;
-.. • last scjti'oii 14.00: San Francisco. 4.10. last season
\ 12.67: : JfresDO lill, last season. 5.48: Sa : n Luis
.:[ Obtspo 4.00, last season 12.59: Los-Angeles 1.71;
■ last season. s.3B:. San- Diego 1.57. }asi season 2.31;
./ 'Yuma .32. iasi season 2.21. . I
... The.- following maximum teniperauires are re
ported "from California stations to-dry: Kureka
' 48, Ked H|urT 56. Fresno 5-4,. San Francisco sf. San
" LuisObl*po66. Independence 52, l.os Angeles 70,
'. ■ (San Diego 62. Vimia 66. .
'.'•. .-an Francisco data— Maximum temperatnre 56,
'. minimum 41, mean 48..
--■ •: An area.of. unusually high pressure Is reDorted
. .this evening central over Montana, 'Ihe pressure
. ■■ is 30.84 inches at: Havre. - 1 he hi^'l! area will protv
■ : iibly move south and east, causing very' ool<J
• .weather over the j>ia:t\iu n'-^ioii. The temperatare
■ has fallen 20 degrees In the past 24 hours over
Northern' Utah, and 13 degrees in the past 12
-. hours over Northern 'Nevada. The temperature
wul continue to fall in these localities, and ir»-e/.-
Ing temperature niay be expected Friday through
out these. States, and on Saturday morning In Ari
zona and. i^om.lKvastern California. Much coider
weather is anticipated within the coming thirty-
Fix hours- for t'hii valley region of California aiid
probabiy the southwestern coast.
Forecast made at >aii Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January 1896:
Norrh'-rn Califoi nia— Fair: colder weather, with
temj>eiatures near the freezing point Saturday
- morniiif;; north westerly winds.
Soutne'rn California— Fair: much colder, with
temperatures near the ireezing point ttatuiday
morning: light northerly winds.
>"ev»da— Fair: . decidedly colder Friday; a cold
wave in the western portion.
Utah— Fair: continued cold weather.
Arizona— Fair; decidedly i o ■".••r.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; colder; light
northerly winds.
tflrqn A. llcAime. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MAKKKIS,
Financial.
.NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 2.— Stocks were quiet
to-day, the transactions amounting to only 109,000
shares. The tor.eof the mark t was stroni; during
the early session, but during the last hour there
was a general, though moderate, selling move
ment.. The early rise, which was equal to i/4(§)2
per cent, was most marked in Tobacco, the
grangers, Lake Shoie, Jersey Central, Sugar and
Chicago' Gas. Following this rise a period of dull
ness set in, which lasted until noar the close, when
some of the early purchasers, disappointed at the
delay in the matter of the bond issue, disposed of
their. hOldii:^s.
" Id this decline- Louisville and Nashville, Western
Vnlon, Sucar, the Granjors, Jersey Central, Man
hattan and Tennessee Coal scored the heaviest
losses. .London was a seller of St. Paul, Louisv He
and Nashville, ana other s;ocks with an Interna
tional market, but in th« aggregate the amount of
stock disposed ot was small. Western I'nion was
weak- throughout the day and fell to 83% from
85*g. The stock was sold hy the room-traders and
profes«ional operators and the old rumor repeat
edly denied that the Baltimore and Ohio intended
selling its'-holdlngs of stock wag acain put atloal.
•: ChlcagoUJas moved up to 68% at in- opening,
but later receded to Css/ 8 -, when it was rumored
tnat the Wnltner litigation will be started again in
Philadeiji'i a. Speculation closed weaK, with
prices 1.4^0. X". below Tuesday's rinul quotations.
Chicago t>as, Canada southern ant! Lake Shore,
how ever, gained VB@3i.pfr cent on the day.
BondH were firm and higher. Sales were $1,083,
--■OOO. Atcbison ceueral fours rose Ito 76: 'do certi
ficates, 3...10 "2^4; Chicago and Northern Pacific
fives cerJficates. 1 to 39; Fort Worth and Denver
City sixes,- ■„' to : 27 1 New York Central deben
tnre flves,'2i/i to 1071,4: Morris and Essi'x con
•ols, 1 to 141; Northern Pacific seconds, 1 to 101 ;
Texas Pacific Brats, 1 to 82V 2 , and Oregon Shor.
Line consol, five's certificnt-es, iy 2 to 57.
.•In Government bonda $11100 registered fours of
•1907 brought 110.
• I'Vi- : I • «irain.
Unchanged; steady; quiet.
RYE— Nominal. • •:■•:;
BAR — Unchanged.
■ BUCKWHEAT FLUCR— SI 30; rye flour dull,
ea«y, $2 55@2 95. •
CORN L— Dull; easy. Yellow Western,
»2 25(5.2 30. i .
WHEAT— DuII; lower;, with options closing
firm. .No. 2 red, store and elevator, 6f)(2.69'/4C;
afloat, 70J£(2.70»ic: f. o. b., 69^ B @7oy c; un
graded, red, 64ta>72c: No. 1 northern, 67y4teo7i/.c.
■Options -were fairly active aud Irregular, closing
weak at J/i&'ic decline on local realizing. No. 2
red January, 66c; February, 67c: March. 673 ic;
May, tttli^c: June, 65% c: July, 65% c.
CORN— DuII, firm. No. 2. 3UAc, ufloat 34E/ B e.
Options were dull and unchanged, to y^c lower,
following the W<-st and on local realizint;, closing
steady. May most active. . January, 34iAc: May.
348^c: July, 3T>c, .-■■•• n .'. "
■ OATS— Quiet : firm. Options dull; easier. Jann
ary, 231/4 C; May, 23% c. Spot prices— No. . 2.
23y4@23%c; No. 2 white, 24Vi@24y,c: No. 2
Chicago. 24 Vi@2 4 %c; No. 3, 22%@2L'5/ 8 c: No. 3
white, 231/4 C; mixed Western, 2ay 2 @24iAc- do
whit». and Western State, 24@27c. " "
• -ProTisions.
• LAKD— DuII.: firm. Western steam, $5 60;
City. $5 lf*@i 20: January, $5 60; refined, dull; i
Continent, $6 10; S. A., $6 40; compound I
•4 62V5.<§,5. • .
POBK— inn; mess. 75®9 25.
BUTTER— fancy steady. State dairy, !
12@21c; Western dairy, ll@18c; do June, 16® !
ale: others unchanged. ■
J CHKKSE— unchanged.
. EGOS— Light receipts: firmer. State and Perm- |
vylvanla, 19(gi26c: B<futhern, 20@24: iccliouso,
16y-@2oc: do- case, $3 75fa4 25: U'e.sterii fresh. i
2Ug»24c: do case, $3 7S@4 25: limed, 17c.
• .TALLOW— Lower. City, 3%c; country, 3»4@
4C.
COTTO.VSEKD Steady. Crude, 24c; yel
low prime, new, 2tfc; off grade, 27c.
•RlCE— Unchanged, '.
" MOLASSES— Unchanged.
COFyEK — Quiet, unchanged to 10 points down.
January, $13 55: March, $13 40; May, $12 90®
12 95; Jnly. 12 50: September, $12; Spot Kio.
dull, easy: So. 7. 14i^,c.
SUOAR---Raw, quiet: 'firm; fair refining, 3S/ g i
centrifugals, 96 test,- 3»/ic: refinod. quiet, Vie j
higher; oft A, 4 9-lti(«4^4c; : Qiold A, oi,4c; standard '
A, sc: ooufectioners' A, 4y B e: cutloaf ani crushed,
fi»7>ic; powdered and cubes, siAc; granulated, boa :
6V»c . ...
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS: Apricots— Bags, 10»4
©12c.
PBACHEK— 15c: unpeeled, 53^©8yoC.
PRUNES— Four «J«?s, 6y B <§,5 V2C.
RAIBINS— London layers 85c<$$l 25; do Loose
Muscatel, 3-crown, 3(3>3y 2 c; do 4-crown, 4@4y a c.
ALMONDS — Paper- shell, ll@12c; do, soft-
Bhell, 10(g>10i^c. .
. WALNUTS— Standard, 6V-.C; ao soft-shell . BMj
@10c. . • * .
HUPS— DuII, weak, unchanged. London market
unchanged. . ... "
WUOL— Firm, unchanged.
Merchandise.
PJSG IRON— Steady, uncnaneed.
COPPER-Dull. Lake. Slo@l2 50.
LKAD'-Dull. Domestic, $3 10@3 12Vj.
TIN — Weak. Straits, $12 SOoil'J 85; plate 3,
dull.
bPELTER— NominaI. Domestic, $3 60.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, tuu, Jan. 2.— The second day of the
year sustained i:s rej>utation for being a good day
on which to sell wheat, the market opening weak
and' lower and .declining further, influenced par
ticularly by the Cincinnati Price Current, which
reported the growing plant protected by snow, and
also.. affe ted by Bradatreet's report of Tuesday,
wbtob was not received until that day's session
was over. It was too soon cfter .a ho tday to ex-
pect;that trading would assume large proportions,
most of the business to-day consisting of scalping
and local Operations. Liverpool cables wore quiet
and unchanged. Heeeipts at Chicago were t>4 cars,
and 49.500 bushels were taken from store.
Northwestern receipts have bet»n steadily drop
ping off'of late and the bolls arc deriving consola
tion irom the fact. To-day there with 421 oars, rep
resenting two days' arrivals, against 1260 for a sim
ilar period last week. Liverpool stocks showed a
decrease of 528,000 bushels for the past month.
Dental markets were irregular. Export clear
ances lor two days were fair at 559,000 bushels.
The market rallied from its early weak position,
but toward the dose reacted and declined auairi.
May wheat opened from 59Vic to 69J. B e, sold be
tween 593 »c and 58VaC closing at 88%(£583.4,
l@iy 8 c under Tuesday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 1.25 cars.
SORN— Corn was rather slow, •vithan inclination
to follow the finer grain market. The routine news
was. not narnculurly favorable, however, receipts
being fairly large at 324 cars and Liverpool cables
quiet ami i,id lower. Withdrawals from store
were light, at 2531 bushels. Export clearances for
two days amounted to 327, 4*26 bushels. May corn
opened at 2t!@2BVfec. sold between 28Vs c and
27 "'sC. closing at 2"v'B®-Bc, 1/4 C under Tuesday.
t si ima ■ t receipts for to-morro;v 381) cars.
• OATS— The market for oats was little more than
nominal. The. usual spasmodic trading took place,
but it was unimportant. Heceipts were 169 curs
and IS, OOO bushels were taken from store. The
tone was quite steady, considering the surrounding
weakness. May oats closed y 8 ®i4c lower. Esti
mated receipts ior to-morrow 245 cars.
Kl.AX— Was easy. casn, 91@9lVac: May, 95®
951 3 c. Receipts 75 cars. ~ "
PROVISIONS— Opened with a strong tone and
materially higher than they closed on Tuesday, but
the lack of orden permitted a portion of the gain
to be lost. A steady hog market and a lisht run of
the animal at the yards contributed to the better
feeling in product at the opening. Renewed
buying late in the session resulted in a firm feeling
and an advance over the previous high quotations.
May pork closed 20c hipher. May lard 7JA@lOc
higher and May ribs 10c higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 66c; May, 583,4 c; Jnly,
69Vkc.
CORN— January, 25y 4 c; May, 27% c; July,
28^4'-.
OaTS— January, 16y 2 c; May, 18% c.
PORK— January, $8 72y 2 ; May. *» Yl l /*.
- LAUD-Jannary, $5 32 V^; May, $5 a'-'ii..
Rlß>— January, $4 27V 2 : May, $4 b2y 2 .
BUTTER— OnIy a little trade was noted in the
butler market to-day. Prices were st-ady. The
receipts were fair. Creameries— Extras, 24c"; firsts,
22(g,*J3c. Other prices unchanged. .
EGGS— The demand was rather slow and the ar
rivals were fair. The market was somewhat un
.sHtried. Fresh stock sold at 19Va<a21c; icehouse,
13Vi^>15c.
Mu.nEY— Was 6 per cent on call and 6@7 per
cent on time loans. New York exchange sold at
$1 premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Jan. 2.— There
was a fairly good general demand for cattle today
ana the offerings were moderate. Prices held
steady. Hogs sold well and were firm while trad
ing was In progress, but the feeling was weaker
when all were disposed of. Sheep'were steady, the
offerings liuht and the demand good.
CATTLE— Receipts, lO.OtTt-. Common to extra
steers. $3 20(0,4 76; stockers and feeders, $2 60
@,3 05; cows ail 1 bulls, SI 60(ii3 20; calves, »3
@7: Texans, %H(d,:i 75.
H.OUB— Keoeipts, 29,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, f.i 50@3 67 1 / 2 ; common to choice
mixed, *•:> 40@3 67y 2 : choice assorted, $.< tO®
3 65; light, $3 45ta3 70; pi*s, $3 25(g>3 60.
SHEEP— Receipis, 15.0U0. Inferior to choice
f 2ig,:? 60; lambs, $3 25@4 60.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds,' Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Monej- on call active at 6@10%: last loan at h%
and closliiK offered at b%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 4U|@sy V .Bar silver, 16% c. Mexican
dollars. 52% c. Sterling eichan«<> is firm, with
HCiual i.ws'nesn In banners' bills a! $4 87y <<$4 8734
I for ftixty Oays and $4 89(§i4 Hfli/4 for demand.
Posted rat»>R, $4 88y 2 @4 89. Commercial bills,
$4 : |4Cg,4 87. Government bonds have been easy
State bond* dull: r»uroad bonds tirm. Silver at
the board was neglected.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cabl*.... 90 (Norfolk <fc Wei ... ]i/_
Atchlson 141/2 Preferred. 8
Treierred 1:2 vv . : .North American... *:y,
Adams l-.xpress. ..143 Northern i'acinc 2i/ 2
Alton.TerreHaute. 60 ! Preferred la
American Express.ll2 Northwestern...... 99
American Tobacco. 78% Preferred ....147
Preferred 100 N. Y. Central 96Uj
BaybtateUas 19 N. Y. Chicago.fcS.li 10
Baltimore & Ohio.. 88 Ist preferred 60
Jiniiiswick Lands.. %' Sd preferred 21 Va
Buffalo, Roch <t P. 19 N. Y. &N. H.. 178
Canada Pacific... 60y : N. V.d; New Eng. 46
Canada (southern.. 48 N. Y. sugq <fc W... n-%
Canton uind 60 Preferred „ 24»,4
Central Pacific.... 14 Ontario. . . 7
Ches. <fe 0hi0....... 51 /8 Ontario <ft Western. 13U
i liicigo Alton 153 lOregon Improvint. 4
Preierrea 170 ; Preferred -• ;■
bicago, ti. &«.... 7ti3i Oregon Navlgatloa 15
Chicago &E. 111... 43 iOrccon Short Una. oya
Preferred 96 |Paciflc Mau 25%
- Chlcagouas 65V a Peona. i>.Jt Evans. 2y a
Cleve <fc Pitlsburg.l6o Pittsburg <fc \V pfd. 17
Conaotidation Coal. 28 Pullman Palace... 164 y<*
Consolidated Gas.. Quicksilver.. 2
C. C. C. St. Louis, tftf ; i'referred 16V»
Preferreu...; 85 Beading.".... 4V-,
Colo. Fuel <fc Iron.. 24«4!ltloOrande*Westn 17
Preferred 89 j Preferred 40
j Cotton Oil Cert.... 17 Rock 151 and....... titjs^
; Commercial Cabie.l3o RomeWat<feOgdenll9
Del. Hudson r.iVa'St. h. «fc & W b '
Uel.Lack&Westernl'iO 1 Preferred 1014
JDenver&K.O 12 Bt.Paul. 688/,
Preferred 43^4] Preferred 126
Di5ti11er5........... 16»/i Bt. Pmulit Duluth. 25 ■•
General Electric... 26 , Preferred 86
Erie...... .......... 14 et. Paul <fc Omaha- 35
Preferred 231/3 Preferred 118
Fort Warne....... ltso I St. P. ja. <fe M 110
! GreatSorthernpfa.llO IsilverCertmcat.... 67
Green flay • -% Southern Paelflc. 20
Harlem 280 tjoutnernK.lt.. K-'<i
Hocking C0a1...... 2 I Preferrea.;. 27VI 1
! Hocking Valley... l&Vb feugar Kennery;...lo2s>* '
Horaestake. 27 'Preferred. 96 ■
H. <fc Texas Ceni_. iVa Term. Coal <i" iVoiL 27 ia'
Illinois Central.... 82i /2 Preferred 100
lowa Central « ,T exas Paclflc.W;." sia
Preferred 27 T01.A.A.& N.Micnl Z
Kansas <fc Texas. ... 10y a Tol. <fc Ohio cen 34
Preferred 25i/ . Preferred... ""■" «5 -
Kingston Pern... 3 |Tol.St.Louls<fcK.*a 5 -
Lake Erie &We«tn 18 I Preferred. ...... 14
Preferred 67 jUnlon Pacific -\y a
i**e bboro. 14iy v. P.. Den. <fc Quit sy| j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
National Lead 25 |U. B. Cordage ss/g
Preferred 85S/J Preferred 10
I-onglslana B'}'\> Guaranteed 20
Louisville it Nash. 441yC U. & BxnreSS 40
Louisville Ka& Ch. 73J r. 8. Leather 10S/ 8
Preferred 19 | I'referred 65%
Manhattan Consol. 101 U. S. Rubber 26
llempnis A Charls. 15 1 Preferred 85
Mexican Central... 9 ilJtlca Jt B. U1v0r..15(»
Michigan Central.. 95 i fib. 8. L. & Pac. 65/ 8
MliuiiVS. L. 1 Preferred.... 16y a
Preferred — Wells-Fareo 95
Minn. <£ St. L com. 17 1 Western Union.... 84
Ist prererred 77 is Central 3Vi
2d preferred 45 Wheeling <& li. E.. 11
Missouri Pacific.. 25 : Preferred f>s
Mobile* Ohio li 2 Am Cotton Oil pfd. P4.
Knshvilie Chatt.... t>6 iW U Boef H :,'
National Linseed.. 20 L 1 Traction- 17V5»
N. J.ceutral Ann Arbor 9Va
rti'MSil JrINM.
U S 4s.reg 109 it KT2ds.. 673,4
Do, 4s coupon... 109 i lio. 4s 843-g
U8 4s new rep 116 Mutual Union 65... 115 '
I)o, 4b coupon. ..116 • NJ Cent Gen 55...1 l
Do. 2s 9tj Northern Pac lsts.ll4
Do, 5s llJVjj Do. 2ds 101
Ho. 6s counon ll»sw| Do, 805.... 6)
Cherokee 4s. 1886. 100 WNorimvesi Consolsil^9
Do. 1897 100 j L-o,<lebss I(j7
Do. 1898 100 OK4X lats... 102
Do. 3b99 lv/ 0 ,SiL<KlronMtUenss 78Va
Pacific 6a 0f '»5.... - Ist L <fc S F lien 65.100
D. C. a-6 5s 110 ! M Paul Consols ...137
Ala Class A 4 10S St. P. C. <fe Palats.ll4
Do. Clais 84, ss. 10-* ; Do. Pac Cal ists.. IHV2
LaConsol4s 96 Southern R. It. ss. 91
Missouri fundins.. j Texas Paci tlr*ts 8a
N Carolina oon 6s Texas Pac seconds. 193,k
Do, 4s 104 UuionPaclstof'o6.lo 4
Po Ca/olina 9...104 1 We« Shore 4s 10 r<i
Tcnnnewss SS IMobile ,t Ohio 4i.. f,i 2
Va funding debc... .'9l/2 R GranaeWest lsts 73V*
Do, reg Ches O6s 10H "
Do, deferred 65... 6 Atchlson 4s 72
Do. trust rep st 5 1 Do, l;ds A "3V«
Canada South 2ds.. iO', oil4SA6i 304
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95. 100 ", Do. 2d 7s. "101 l
Den R 15t. ....114 H Tex Cent ss..ios
_- l)o 48 85 ' Do.con6s 100
iirie 2da 65 Rtadln« 4s 7414
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 65...... .. 100
K.s Pa lats Den divlOSV*
FOREIGN MAI4KETS.
WHEAT IX MVKBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, En«., Jan. 2.— The spot market
is steady at 5s 4i/2<l@ss sVj|d. Cargoes are quiet tit
27s arrived.
ITTUHEB.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the followine
Liverpool quotations tor No. 2 Red Winter; Janu
ary, 5s H>4d; February. 5s 4d; March, 5s 43, i
d 5s sd; May, 5s 51 4 d.
SEC IRITIES.
LONDON, Kno., Jan. 2.— Consols, lOSVb; sil
ver, 30V 3 d; French Rentes, 101 f .a 2y s c.
EXCHANGE AND KULHOX,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $4 88
Sterling Kxcnange, sight — 4 89V-s
sterling Cables 91 911"
New York Kxchange. sight. — 02\k
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07 V,
Fine Silver, ~£ ounce — 66''T
Mexican Dollars 63i£ 54
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— Exports from this port In December
were 1,075,456 ctls, valued at 91, 092,777, making
total exports for the first six months of the crop
year of 1895-36 of 5,640,313 ct15, valued at 45,576.
--617.
The California takes for Cone 103.421 ctls,
valued $1114,714; Invergarry, for Cape Town,
61,911 cts. at $65,805.
The market was easier yesterday in sympathy
with lower prices East ana abroad, ancl futures
sold off. though spot grain kept up under a less
ened demand. No. 1. 91@102Vb-$ ctl; choice.
$1 033,4(gil 05; lower - grades, Bo@97y«c; extra
choice tor milling, $1 07i/ 2 @l l 2y 3 .
Isfobmal Session— 10 o'clock — May — 400
i tons, $1 0634; 200, $1 06.%.
Kk'.i-lab .Moknino skasioir— 30i) tons,
$1 06&/8. ... . .
AFiERxnnN SEBBI May— 4oo tons, $1 06»4:
300, 065' 8 . " /4
I'-A B LE^— Steady at the Improved prices. Feed,
@70c choice. 71i c; brewing, 72%@
82y c; Chevalier, $1 10@l 20 for No. 1 and 75c@
?1 f! ctl for off grade.
CALI, BOABD BALES.
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Skssion— No sales.
Aft rnoiv jsks^jon — May— loo tons, 70c.
OATS— Arrivals were lari;e. again, as will be seen
elsewhere, but dealers reported the nuirket rirni.
Milling. 70@76c»ctl; fancy Feed, 80fii85c ; good
to choice, B7y (a80c; common to fair., 57y<.@65c;
Gray, 65@7:>c; Hed, for seed, 86@95c; Black, for
seed, $1 10@l 30: Surprise, 90@9Ty c.
CORN— Is rather firm than otherwise. Large
Yellow, 82y0&35c; Small Kound do, 85@87y
White, B(Xaß;>c * ctl. •
RYE— Quoted at 76@80c "s>. ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at 85c@$l ctl, ac
cording to quality. ;4 . .
FLOCB AM> BIILLBTUFFS.
FLOUR— The millers have again advanced prices
16c (except for superfine) in sympathy with the
rise in wheat. ■•
The China steamer took out 13,:-.72 bbls. Net
cash prices are as follows: Family extras, $3 55@
3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 I&@3 65; superfine, $2 40
@2 50 bhl.
CORNMEAL, ET(.'.— Feed Corn, $18 50@19 *
ton: Cracked Corn, $19@20 $ ton.
MI LLSTUFFS— in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Uraham Flour,
2&4 c; Kye Flour, 3Vic: Rice Flour. 7y 2 c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3y 2 c: Oatmeal,
334 c: Oat Croats, 4 y 2 c: Hominy, 4(oi-iy a c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y»c: Farina,
4y 3 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4 i/>c:
Pcuri Barley, 4©4% c; Split Peas, 43.4 c; Gre'en
do, 51/4 C 14 fb.
HAY ASD FEEDSTIiFFS.
BRAN— ?I2@I3 60 f> ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS-$16@19 for lower grades np to
$M 60 ?* ton for the best.
FEEDfcTUFFS— KoIIed Barley, $15 50@16 50 "$
ton; Olliake Meal at the mill, $21 sft toi»rjobbinL',
$22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, »21.
HA V— Receipts are larger azain and the market
Is hardly as firm. Wheat, $B@l2 50; Oat 7@
9 50; Wheat and Oat. *7 60@ll 50; Barley, $7f<s
9 60; Alfalfa, $6@7 50; Clover, $7@9; Com
pressed, $7 50@ll; Stock, $5@6 60 %i ton.
STRAW-35@60c ji bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos, $I@l 16: Small Whites, $1 25®
1 40; Pea, $1 50(§)l Large Whites, «1 15@1 30;
Pink, 90c@.?l 10: Reds, $1 35@1 50: Blackeve
$1 75@1 65; Red Kidney, $1 65(ail 75; Llmas
$2 40(0,2 60; Butters. $1 60@l 76 ctl.
SEKDS— Brown Mustard quotable at 81 76<S2'
Trieste, $1 90@2 20; Yellow Mustard. $1-25®
1 50; Flax. $1 75 <p ctl; Canary, 3@3y c » fb-
Alfalfa 6V 2 @b^ic 3 1b; Rape. I%®'% *%■ Tim
othy, 6y c lb; Hemp, 4c %i rb.
DRIEU PEAS-Quotedat 25@1 40 $cUfor
Mie3, $1 20@l 30 for Blackeye and $1 25@1 75
for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Volunteer New Potatoes are quot
able Ht 2 i/2@3c: Sweets $1 25@2 for Blvers and
$2 25 for Merced; Salinas Burbanks, Co@Bsc %t ctl
i^« e Jii Bu » b!lI , lk! \ 25 @ S6 ?• sack : Oregon Burbanks,
40@60e. 1! _ctl: Oregon Garnet Chiles. 60c; River
Keds, 60c ?& ctl.
N a~M rt k hlgher at 70 5 c: Cut Onions,
4U(£6oc ctl: Oregons. 80@90c.
VJiGETABLES-Summpr Veeetables are ad-
ZVwL'i IT[ed1 T[ed Pc e ™. 7 aOc ' $ Ib: Tomatoes,
<: j.a,bUc ** box ; Los .wigeles TomatoeH, $I@l 25-
Oreen Peas. 7@Bc; Striug Beans. 1 aVa<=; -Dried Okr»;
12V2<-; Cabbage, 50c f, ctl; Garlic, 4@4i/2C ~f> lb;
Marrowfat Squash, Hubbard Squash,
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at $5 50@6
for Hens ana Roosters. Receipts of California
stock were meager, and no Turkeys at all were re
ceived. Hens were in quick demand.
Live Turtceys, lb for Gobblers and
X* lb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, $ tb; Geese,
'■P> pair, $1 50@2: Ducks, %i 50(g,6; Hens, $4 sO(aj
5 oO ; Koosters, young. $4 50fdis 50 : do, old, $4®
4 50: Fryi-rs, $4"50: Broilersr $4@4 50 for large
mil!?:-! 50 for small; Pigions. $1 50@2 3 dozen
for young and $I@] -.'5 for old.
UAME— Xtaclca sold uight-r aud Geese lo%ver.
Quail, $1 l'ji/^c^i 25; Mallard, $3: Canvasback,
$3@7 doz; «i,rig, $1 50 "# doz: Teal, $I@l 25:
Widgeon, |1; .'Snmli Duck, 76(£85c; Hare. 75c;
itabblts, $1 a 6 for Cottontails and 75c(a$l ior
small: Gray Geese, $2; White Geese, fl; Brant,
$1 -'s@l 50; Honkers, $3@3 50; Knglish Snipe,
$1 50<§.>2; Jack Snipe, $1 25. .
BUTTiSK, CIIEESK AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Is In light stock and still firmer.
Creamery— Fancy, 25@26c, with occasional
sales higher; seconds, 22y @24c <p Ib.
Dairy— Fancy, 22i/sjft»W3c; good to choice, 21@
2L'c; lower grades, 18(a)J0c.
CKKAMKRY TUB- 1«^)21c %* lb.
CHEKSK— Very lirni. Fancy mild new, lie "§,
tt>; special marks higher siill; common m good,
7(aloc f* lb: Vonns America, ll@12o; 'Western, i
lie; Kiisurn, 12(g)13c 9 tb.
KGGS— Are steady at previous prices. Oregon
EgRS, 22c; 'fancy Eastern, '24(g,'J5c; i;ood to choice
l-.anicrn, \t-2' ,vic.-I';-c; seconds, 21@22c: store Eggs,
22(g.v!6c; ranch Eggs, 26©32V2« f- doz, according
to size and color. ■ : ■;,;■;;;:,.-.■•
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Persimmons, 40@760 <f(
box; Apples, 75c@$l for good to choice, 00@65c
for common to fai. and $1 25 for fancy; Lady Ap
ples, 60@75c in small and $I@l 76 in large boxes.
UK RRIES— Cranberries are about gone and are
nominal at $10 bbl for .New Jersey and $11 for
Cape Cod.
GR A PES— Not enough Into quote. ■ \: :i •>' '
CITRUS FRUlTß— Oranges are off a little and
dull. California Oranges, $i 25@2 for Seedlings and
$1 75@2 76 for .Navels: Japanese Mandarins, 75c@
$1 25 f. box; Lemons, #I@l 50 for common and $2
(Oi'S for good to choice: .Mexican Limes, »5; Califor
nia Limes, 75iai9(Jc; Uauanas, Jj-l(g>2 f* bunch;
Pineapples, 92(^6 %i dozen.
DKIED FRUITS, KAISiXS, NUTS, ETC.
DKIED FKUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y @3c tt> for quar
terod. 3@3V c %* 1b for sliced and 4i4@sc "$ lb
for evaporaifcd; Teaches, 4@sc %* lb and 5y 2 @
6c %} lb for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12@13c t*
lb; Frunea, ,4c for the four sizes,. 6@6ya %* lb
for 40@50's and 5c f, lb for 50@60's; Apricots,7y a
@9c for prime to choice 'and 10(gjllc 1?. lb for fancy
Moorpark ; Fig.-), blacic, 3(S»3y2C ~f. lb for pressed
and 2@2y 2 c for impressed; White Pigs, 3ya@lc
f* Ih for pressed in sacks and s(gitsc in bo\es; Pears,
7c f* tb for evaporated halves, 4@t>Vic It ll> for
quarters; i*iums, 4@4y s c f* tb for pitted and lVa®
2y 2 c for unpitted; -M't'turinfs, s@bc ** lb for prime
to choice and 6y 2 c for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Apples, 4@4yjc; Peaches, 3@
4c and 5c for faucy; peeled, 111 boxes, 10@12y 2 c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. *s(g>ii for 40@50's
and 6c lor 50@60's; Apricots, 6@9y a c ior prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy Aioorpark; Figs,
black, 13i<£2y 2 c: White Figs, S®sc; Pears. 6y 2 c
for evaporuted halves and 3<a/si/2° for quarters;
J'lums, 3y 2 c ior pitted and ](u.lV2 c ior unpitted;
Nectarines, 4(atsc %i Ib for prime to choice.
KAJSINS AND JJi.IKD GUAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lot^, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, »s@9oc "f ; box; four-crown, loose,
.''•■'' v fS tb; three-crown, ioose, -y^c; two-crown,
'l<S)'iy\c: needless Sultauas, 3^i@4c; seenlessMus
cateis, 2y«@aS4Ci clusters, $1 35@1 50; Uehesa
rlnsten, fa 10(a;2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 tiO
la I .' 75; Dried rapes, 2%<J f* lb.
Jobiiin'. Pbicbs — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2yi@2Vic; 3-crown, I^4@2e; Se*dleßsßul
tanns, 3^ t (ai4c; Weedless Siuscutels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
London layers. 85c(£^$l; clusters, *1 40@l 50;
l>ehesu clusters, $2 26; -Imperial clusters, $.! 75:
Dried Grapes, 2iAc.
NUTS— Chestnuts. B@loc Walnuts. 7raßc
fl lb for No. 1 hard ana H'a-!u ... for KOftsheil, .ioo
binj lots; Almond*, ts@7y2C lor J anguedoc and
B''«@loc for ])niM-r-sl.en, Jobbing; Peanuts, 3Vz@
4<: {< lb for a iiornia: Hickory nvits, s(&bc;
Pecans, 6c ior rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
S(%9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Sc V- tb; C'ocoanuts.
f 4 60@5 f>, 100.
11O.\K\- Comb is quotable at 10@12c t* tb for
bright and B(g)9e ft lb for lower grades; wafr
wbite extracted; b^o^c V lb; li&;ht amber ex
tracted, 4i4(u,-i3'ic; dark amber, 4c: dark, 2@3c.
BKKSWAX— -zs(a)iioc f* lb.
FKO VISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Dealers quote previous prices.
Bacon is quotable at 6Vi@tsy2C %* lb for heavy,
7y c for light medium, 9i,Ac for light. 10y2C for
extra light and 12@12VaC for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cared Hams, I"iy 1 .'g.l"o; California Hams,
10c; Mess Beef, $7 > bbl; extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do, $9(<j>9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 %t bbl; ex
tra clear. $14 > bbl; mess, $13 %i bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9y 2 (ajloc "f> tt..
LAI'.D- tierces, quotable at 6@6V4c "f,
lb for compound and 8c for pure; pails, BV2C; Cali
toruia tierces, 6c for < 01111 011 ml and 6y.c sorpure;
half-bbls, 6-Uc; 10-lb tins, 7V,c; do 51i,, 734 c t» lb.
COTTOLENE— 7c in tierces and 7%c fTU) in 10
--lb tins. -
HIDES, TAUOM', WOOL AN» HOPS.
HIDKSANI) SKINS-Heavy salted steers, 7c;
cuils and brands, 6c; medium, ttc: culls and brands,
sc; light, 5c '■f. lb; culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides,
s@sy c f* lb; culls and nr.imls, 4@4J^,c; salted
Kip, 5c $ lb; salted Calf, 8c %* lb: saUed Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc f lb; culls and brands, 7@
7i.Ac; dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. 6y c: dry Calt,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskius, 20@35c eacii: Kids. 6c:
Deerskins, good summer, 26^30c: medium, Is(g>
25c; winter, 10(<il0c; Bbeepsklna, sheurlmgs, 10^1
20eea<"h; short wool, 30@40c each; medium, 40
.'><!■■ eacb; long wool. 60(o:70c each. Culls of all
kinds, about ■«.■ less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 8*4340; No. 3, 3@
Sy^c; refined, 6%c; Grease, 2%c p lb. --f-K - :
\, OOLi—wp (juoie Fall as follows: Humboldt and
Mendocino, 7@9c; SnnJoaquin and southern, 3@
6c: free Mountuin, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c lb.
HOPS— Nominal, at 4,a,t>c f< lb.
UEXERAL SIERCUA>'DISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
f4 10@4 15; Wool Bags, 24@26c.
COAL— Wellington Is quotable at $8 p* ton;
New Wellington, $8 ton; Southfield Wellington,
%1 50: Seattle, $s(§js 60: Bryan, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5; Wallsead. S6 50: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $14 in bulk and $15 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kge, $12; Welsh An
thracite Egg, $10: Cannel. $7 50@8; Hock Springs,
astle fiatc and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $13
in bulk and $15 f 1 ton in sacks.
SUGAK— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
has advanced its prices and now quotes terms, net
cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered and Fine Crushed,
all 55 <;; Dry Granulated, sc; Confectioners' A,
4%c; Magnolia A, 4y 8 c; Extra C, 4c; Golden C,
— c; half-barrels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes
y e more.
SYKUP-Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
* gal.
-
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are hs follows:
BEEF— First quality, s@sV»c; second quality,
4y 2 c; third do. 3(0.4c %* Ib. . i
VKAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@7c <fl Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@si/ 2 c; Kwes. 5c f> Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 13^4c; Yearlings, 6®6y 3 c
%i tb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 314 c 1b for large and 33/ a
for small: dressed do, 4y 3 @6y c %i Ib.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HDUBS.
Flonr.or. 5k5...... 4,624 Mlddlinßs. sks . 614
Oregon 6.473 Be»ns, sks. 182
Washington 'J,BIBJUay. ious. 606
Wheat, ctls.... 6,915 straw, tons : 64
Oregon 4.620 Hides, n0... 73
WashinKton 2.470; Fe1t5. Ddls . 105
Barley, ctls 8,195 Wine, gals 26 600
Washington 3.750 Brandy, gals 000
Corn, ctls 430 Butter, ctls.... 160
Oats, Or. cUs 2,650 Cheese, ctls i ]"2
Washington B,B6oEg;es. doz 3,750
Rye, ct15............ Lumber. M feet... 10
Potatoes, . Bts. 4.2s7;Quicksllver, flaslcs 18 :
Oregon 2,s63|Leatber.roU» ; 67
Washington lOOLlops, bi5.....:....- 103
Onlons.sk* 20| Washington..... 100
Oregon... 174! Sugar, bbi5. ....... 13»
Br»n, sks.. 1,976 -, i( ,.-,. ? ,
The Invulnerability of Modern Sea Forts.
The episode of Wei-hai-wei deserves a
passing notice. On the 31st of January
the Japanese carried all the Eastern Chi
nese forts on the mainland, and as the at
tempts of the Chinese to blow up the bat
teries or to disable the guns had been only
partially successful, the majority of the
guns were serviceable, and, tlie forts being
manned by seamen gunners from the fleet,
the guns were quickly turned on the Chi,
nese ships and the batteries on the island-
Seeing this, the Tin? Yuen got under way
that afternoon, and, taking up a position
so as partially to enfilade them, she at
tacked two of the forts armed with twenty
one and twenty-four 6-inch Krnpp guns.
The attempt was gallantly made, and one
Klin at least had its muzzle shot off by the
ironclad's gunners; but an inspection of
the fort — a fine modern one built under
Yon Hannekan's superintendence —
showed the practical invulnerability of
modern sea forts against naval attack,
though possibly they might be temporarily
silenced by a storm of projectiles from
quick-firing and machine guns. — Vice-Ad
miral Fremantle, in the January Forum.
A deeper spot in the ocean than any yet
known has been found recently by H. M.
surveying ship Penguin, in latitude 23 deg.
40min. S., longitude 175 deg. 10 mm. \V.
A fault in the wire caused it to break
when 4900 fathoms had run out without
touching the bottom.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jan'tjary, 1896.
I w.
;
1
2
3
' i in \.nj v i ruues.
I (7*\ Last Quarter
j
j 10 j
[ I*^/ January 7.
11 I — — — r^
/jß\ I* e\v Moon.
; W January j4
1 « :
©Last Quart
January
7
! 8 i
I
14
16
17
16
21
!
I 2a
I
23 |
24
I Quartei
j .', \*{J January 212.
j 28 ;
f>> Full Moon.
; ,VS/ January SO.
29 !
31
OCcA-« M  A. ,*-.-..•>. ■
Dates of
From San Francisco
BTKAHKR. | DESTINATION* f
SAII/i.
| FIEK.
Farm on — V aaulna iiav.. Jan 4.10 am
H0mer...... Coos Bay Jan 4. 6pm
ArftK0. ....... ! Coos Ba.v j Jan 4.10 am '
Eureka .... ! Newport ...... Jan 4. 9am
State of Ual ; Portland Jan 4.10au
CltyPuebla.. | Vie cfe Pgt Snd j Jan 6. 9am :
Arcata...... Coos 8ay. ..... Jan 5,12 m
Bants itosa.. San Diego Jan 6.11 am
P0m0na. .... ' Humbnfdtßay Jan 0. 2p»t ■
In one . . Grays HarDor. Jan 7. 2pm
Point iioma. i Grays Harbor. Jan 7.12 111
»l Paul ; Newport Jan 8, fun
Colon ; Panama Jan Kl2 m
ABlancharu Portland Jan 8.12 Ml
Afridi China Japan Jan 9, 3pm
Alameda Sydney. Lan 9, 2pm
Columbia... j Portland Jan 9.10 am
Corona i Wan Diego Jan 10.11 am
Walla Walla Vie a Pgt Snd Jan 10. 9am
Oceanic
Pier 13
1 Pier 11
Pier 24
; Pier 9
! Pier 13
! Pier 1 1
I I'ier9
I Fifth St
Pier 2
* i'ipr XI
,PM 8 S
Pier 13
PM S 8
Oceanic
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 9
MTJEAMJCRS TO AKKIVK.
Steamier |
Farallon
Araeo
Afridi
Weeott
San Benito
Homer
Arcata
Del None
North i-"oru '
Santa K05a......
Point J.oma.
Alice Blanchard
Pomona.
Columbia.
City of Panama
Stt'aui
Walla Wa11a....
Mexico
Cftvof Sydney.
Crescent City. . .
Eureka.
Peru..
j Yaouina Bay
Coos Bay
.China and Japan
Humboidt Bay
I I'acoma .'
Coos iiay ;...
Coos Bay
jiirays Harbor
! Humboidt Bay
| San Diego
iHrays Harbor ...
j Portland
j tlumboidt Bay
I Portland
i Panama
Newport.
Victoria <ft Puget Sound
San Diego....
Panama
j Crescent City ;
I Newport
China and .Japan
..Jan 3
..Jan 3
..Jan 3
..Jan 3
..Jan 3
..Jan S
..Jan 3
..Jan 4
..Jan 4
..Jan 4
..Jan 4
...lan 6
..Jan 6
..Jan 6
..Jan 6
..Jan 6
...lan 6
..Jan 8
..Jan 8
..Jan 9
..Jan 10
...lan 10
SUN ANI> TIDE TABIE.
r A'
a ri:H.| "an;
P
3.
4
0.42 pi 2.H4.
1.44 p 2.55.
•
Large. Small.
7.60P 7.02 a
H.34P 8.07a 1
l| Sett
726
7.'J6
HVDKOGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydbooraphtc Offick., U. S. N. ■)
-MKHCHAXTS' KXcnANOK, >-
Sax Francisco, January 2. 189 ft. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the l'JOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtklkr,
Lieutenant U. S. X., in charge.
NOTICE TO MAKINEnS.
Office or U. S. Lion-riim-sK Ixspkctor.
I'ortmsd, ur.. December 30, 1895.
Notice is hereby given ttiat the first-class can
buoy painted black and lettered '-X R" in white ia
reported to have stone adrift from its moorings off
Kogue River Keef, sea coast of Oregon.
It will be replaced as early as practicable. This
notice affects the Lists of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coust, 1894, page 31. By order of the'LUht
house Bonrd. d. W. Farknholt,
Commander U. a Navy, Inspector Thirteenth
Lighthouse District.
ftUlfii.Nt. INTEL.i.xO.fc.NCK.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. January 2.
Ptmr Point Arena, Johnson, I hours from Men
docluo, etc; pass and mdse, to -Mendocino Lumber
Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Dugtran. 8 hours from Santa
Cruz: pass and nids", to GoodaU, Perkins <fe Co.
stmr Crescent City, Allen, 36 hours from Cres
cent City: puss and mdse, to Hoblis, Wall & Co.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports: puss imrt rudse. to Goodull, Perkins
it Co.
stmr Willamette, Cpsbman, 4 days from Depart
ure Kay: VAtiS tons coal, to Oregon "imp Co.
StDir Weeott, Magee, 24 houra from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Kuss, Sanders <fc Co.
ship Eclipse, Peterson, 10 days from Seattle
-2 100 tons coal, to P B Cornwall.
Sohl Halcyon, Ellis. 16 days from Port Hadlock
-360 M ft lumber, to W J Adams.
Cleared.
THURSDAY, January 2.
Stmr Mexico, Hall, San Diego; Goodall, Perkins
*• Co.
StmrPomona, Doran, Kurcka: GoodaU, Perkins
& Co.
iir stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R Duns
mulr A Co.
(ier ship Chnstene, Warneke, Sydney: Williams,
Brown «fc Co.
Br ship Cedric the Saxon, Kees, London: Balfour
Guthrle <t Co.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Burns, Tahiti; J Pinet & Co.
>ail»l.
THURSDAY, January 2.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson, Fort Bragg.
•Stnjr Mineola, Pillsbury, Tacorua.
Simr Mexico, Hull, Kan Diego.
Stnir Scotia, Johnson.
Stmr l'omona. Doran, Eureka.
Brstmr Wellington, snlmond. Nanalmo.
Br ship California, Hlair, Queenstown.
Br bark Invercarry, Crombie. Cape Town.
Schr Ocean spray. Stenbom, Iversena Landing.
' Schr Enima Utter, Allen, Coos Bay.
Te e«;ni|>hic.
POINT LOBOS— January 2—lo j» M— Weather
hazy; wind calra.
<'lij»r!«r;.
The bktn W H Dimond loads mdse for Honolulu;
bktn Slcdoc. lumber on the .Sound for Shanghai'
61s 3d— prior to arrival.
Dec 26—49 N, 18 W, Br bark Orion, from New
castle, England, for San Francisco.
Dec I—7 S, -28 W, Dan bark Cimbrla, from Van
couver for Queensiown.
JJomestic Ports.
NEWPORT-Arrived Jan 2-Stmr Rival, from
Fojrt Bragg.
POINT KEY fS-Passe<l Jan 2, 8:40 a m— Ship
Eclipse, from .Seattle for San Francisco.
PORT BUKELKY- Arrived Jan 1-Bark Prus
sia, hence Dec 21.
Sailed Jnn — Hark Columbia, for San Francisco.
COLLINS LANDING-Salled Jan 1-Schr Ben
der Brothers, for San Francisco.
KKDONDO— SaiIed Jan 1-Schr Hueneme for
Portland.
PORT ANGF.LF.S-In port Jan 2-Ship Wachu
sett, from Na-iaimo; Br bark Norfolk Island, from
Tacoma for Queenstown.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 2— Br ship Andraila, fm
Liverpool.
Sailed Jan 2— Br shipßalkamah, Queenstown;
stnir South Coast, for San Francisco; Br bark
Orasmere, for I'ort Ansceles.
ALBlON— Arrived Jan "rchr Bessie X, hence
Dec 81.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Excelsior, hnc
Jan 1
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan 2-Stmr Alcatraz,
hence Jan 1. .
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 2— U S stmr Thetis.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 2-Schr Sadie, for
Umpqua.
TACOMA-Sailed Jan 2— Nor stmr Aladdin, for
Dclagoa Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR-Salled Jan 2-S:mrs Point
I.oiha, Del None and Protection and Glendale,
for San Francisco.
iiastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan I— Stmr Finance, fm
San Francisco.
fc BALTIMi RE— Sailed Dec 31-Shlp Samaria, for
San Francisco. • '■-■■
Foreljrn Ports.
IQUIQUK— Dec 24— Bark Carrollton, for
Port Angeles.
JUNlN— Sailed Jan 2— Bark Oregon, for San
Francisco.
* DU3LlX— Arrived Dec -Br bark Lyderhorn,
hence Auk 7.
HONGKONG— Arrived Deo 29— Br stmr Asloun,
from Oreeon.
I QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Dec 81 — tßr ship
Speke, hence Aug 4. Jan 1— ship Pythmene.
hence S?ept 4.
BRlSTOL— Arrived Dec 31-Br ship Alnsdale,
hence July 24.
DELaGOa BAY— Arrived Dec VIS — Br stmr
Straits of Sndan, from Tacoma. . ;«am9s|jj[
LIVERPOOL— Dec 31-Br bark Orthes,
from Portland.
Sailed Dec 31— Br ship Ilala. for Victoria.
DOVER— Passed Dec 31— Br ship Drumburton,
from London for San Francisco.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Dec 31— Br bark Er
rol, hence Aug 19 for Leith.
_ PANAMA-sailed Dec 30-Stmr San Bias, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan I— Stinr Washtenaw, hence Dec 18
Movements of Trans- At) an Mo Stoannm.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 2-Stmr Ems, from
Genoa, etc.
Sailed Jan 2— Stmr State of Nebraska, for Glas
gow.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived out Dec 31 — Stmr
Edam.
PAUrLLAC— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr Panama.
SOUTHAMPTON— sailed Jan 2-Stmr VVerra,
for New York.
HAVBE-Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Saormina.for New-
York.
LONDON-Salled Jan 2-Stmr Massachusetts,
for New York.
DOVKR- Passed Jan 2— Stmr Dresden, from
New York for Bremen.
PRAWLE P->INT-Fassed Dec 2-Stmr Persia,
from Hamburg for New York.
importations.
...S^ PKD RO-Per Eureka-2 bxs pipe fittings, 1
bdl pipe, 1 bx mOse.
Los Angeles, via East San Pedro-2 bbls oil, 16
bxs oranges. 6 bxs tomatoes.
Carpentaria -48 sks beans.
Veritura-1 bx hams, 29 bxs oranges, 8 cs *kbs, 3
pk«.s mdse, 65 bxs lemons, 1 cs cheese, 32 sks dry
fruit, 1 coop fowis.
Santa Barbara— 1 bdl woolens. 8 bbls 1 keg ver
onica water, 1 bdl sacks, 1 bx nuts.
Oaviota-17 sks corn, 52 sks crawfish.
PortHarford— lß <iks beans, il «s eggs, 1 bbl
elder, 6 pkgs mdse, 16 bxs butler, 5 bdls hides, 14
bxs fish, 1 cs cheese, 1 coop chickens, 1 sks pota
toes.
Cayucos-10 daks quicksilver, 3 sks abalones, 1
bx mdse. 80 sks beans, 33 bxs butter, 5 cs eggs. 58
dressed calves.
.San Simeon— 2 sks quail, 23 bxs butter, 1 cs eggs,
1 pkg hardware, T£ sks bones, 1 pkg groceries, 46
dressed calves. S lixs lish.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 9 cs 8 sks
2 kegs mcai, H pk«s mdse, 1 \>ki !io«, 1 pkg cast
ings. 28 bbls salmon. - M ft lumber.
MENHOCINO— per Point Arenu-1500 r r ties,
'-'00 M ft lumber, 18 pkgs mdse, 3 bxs salmon, ■£
bbls 1 cs abalones.
Point Arena— l 7 bxs apples. 13 bxs salmon, Ike
■■'£'£ b.TS buunr, h3 dressed hogs, 1 coop turkevs, 'Jß
; bdls hides, 7 pkgs nuise, 1 cs meat, 1 b.\ abalones.
i 7 bxs huckleberries.
SANTA CRUZ-Jb-er Coos Bay — 1 bx butter. 4cs
cherse, 5 pkss indsc, :< bxs tisli, 500 hbls lime.
.Moss Landing— 46sks beans, •£ bxs butter.
Moro Oojo— l2oß sks potatoes.
Monterey— 2- sks beans.
£URKKA-lVr Weeou— lß hxsnutter.il bbls
; 20 tins tallow. 38 bxs Hsh, 1000 M shingles, 3 sks
91 bdls i;reen hifles, «-tc. 5 sks coffee, H9 sks peas. 8
sks potatoes, 77 bxs apples, 1 bbl 11 cs cider, 1 box
notions, 1 pkg mdse.
Consignees.
Per Eureka— Cal & Xcv Creamery Co; Arctic 0 11
Works; C E Whitney .fe Co: D E Allison <fc Co- A
Pallies: Cunningham, Curtiss & Welch ; Minaker
<t Co; W P Fuller & Co; Gray & Barbieri; c A Par
kin: Dalton Bros: Wood. Curtis & Co: Hrauer,
Grassnoff <t Co; Wilson «te Baechtel; Paclflo State
Type Founiry: Kowalsky & Co; J HCaln&Co;
; Doritce. Sweeney <S«'o: Levy A: Co: APaladlnl;B
1* Milling Co: American Inion tishco; Stein, 81
--i mon A Co; « Camlllioni & Co: H NTUden (fc Co:
!IlillsBro3; Norton, Teller & Co: Cal Bottling Co:
i FBHaU-ht: Brigham, Hoppe it Co: HDntar.l; ll
Clifton; Wheiiton. Breon <t Co; Witzel it IJakrr; s
strauss: Jonas Krlanger ifc Co: (» B Smith & ("o; v
Lepori; Dairymen's I'uion; .1 Ivancovieh & Co; a
Wyssi Getz ßros <S Co: Deßern»rdi ACo; Lyons
<fc Co; Ross & Uewlett ; J Schweitzer <fe Co; Koyal
Kajrle Disullerv Co; Western Meat Co; Peoples Ex
press: L I) stone & Co; W F Mitchell; J Hoffman;
Hilmer, Brt-dhoff it schulz; H Kirchmann <fe Co:A
Hass; Marshall, Teg»;art A Co; Hammond ife Brort;
Goodall. Perkins & Co; Uolden West Fish Co: Del
Monte Milling Co: Lowry & Mella; FXJri«fcCo; V
D Varßtillio; l>ecr<> Imp Co: C Natiman.
Per Crescent City— Norton. Teller <fc Co: J McCar
thy; Cunningham", Curtiss & Welch; GR Cousins:
Hilmer, Bredhoffi <fe Schulz; F B Halght; l^Kallet,
Helwig & Co; Thomas Loughran; Standard Oil Co:
Martin, Feusier & Co; Hobbs, Wall & Co ; Chicago
Brewery.
Per Point Arena— Mendocino Lumber Co; Arctic
Oil Works; Standard OilCo: Murray & Steinhatjen;
Maltnl&Co; Wilson it Baechtel: Ross & Hewlett ;
RohlffsAGerdau; APaladini: W B Sumner <fe Co;
O B Smith & Co: Wetinore Bros; San Francisco
Transfer Co; H T Chriatianson; W B Dunn; S F
Fish Co; H Gllmore; Wells, Kussell & Co.
Per Coos Bay— Whenton, Breon &Co: Arctic Oil
Works; Dairymen's Union; HCowellifeCo; Lewis
Packing Co; San Francisco Fish Co; Golden West
Fish Co: Herman Joost : H Dutard; Wolf & Son;
CCarpv&Co; N Ohlandt & Co; Roth <fc Co; Mc-
Leod it Co.
Per Weeott— Norton, Teller A Co; H Dutard; O
W Wf-ymouth: Hijrgins ik Collins: MilaniifcCo; J
Butler: W B Suraner & Co: Sanborn, Vail A Co; P
Gusraanl; HaasHros; Hooker A Co: Pacific Coast
Fish Co: APaladini: O Camilloni A Co; B Caito;
American Union Fish Co.
OCEAIf BTEAMSHIPBJ
PACIFIC COAST STEAJMP COMPMY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B/C., and.
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &Q.OO
Second C1a55...d5.00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOOD PEKKIXS4 CO.,
General Agents.
ASTORIA ANIPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second (lass, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery stroet.
Columbia sails December 30
State of California sails January 4
GOODAI.L, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, General .Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEMSIIIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAII, FROM JffcS*.
Broadway wharf, .sau Francisco, as -SaSSC
follows -.'■
For Mary Island. Lorlng. Wranirel, Junean. Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- j
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortes and New j
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 5, 10, 15, 20,- *25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltli
the C. Jf. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. It.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry.. at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, '£ p. m., Jan. '£, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22. "26, 30, and every fonrth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, j
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana iNewport, at 9a. m., Jan.
4. S. 12, 16. 20, 24. 2£, and every lourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stoppinK only at Port Harford
(Ran Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, ltedondo (Los Angelea) and Newport. 11
a. m., Jan. 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, '-'6, 30, aud every j
fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket ortice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
OCEIIK STEAMSHIP COIPAIT.
rr^lßf'ln-* - Coolgardie gold fields
jd&r<^' TO ""SnSii (Freemantle). Austra-
J^^'VAr\yl9>,rr Ila; $ 220 tirSl class,
ifnrO nWISj^.. i jlrj» $no steerage. Lowest
US <tf |tfa^' g *!!^L_ rates to Capetown,
SB&B/ 'fg'^.f, \fi» Australian steamer,
WMI Y7^irl itfiilM Honolulu and Aucrc-
'^^l fi'-^r^rr/^S laiKl - o ' lnursJa y > Jl4a -
iW /JkW Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Tiics-
day, January Zi , at 10
Special Parties — special rates for
parties Fi >. t; and I>, 183e.
Ticket oflice. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight ulllce, 327 Market street.
• J. D. SPRECKELa & BROS., General Agents.
COMPAGTIEGE.TERALE TRAmTLASTIQUE
French' Line to Havre. -"•»'-: " ;
pOMPANY'S PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH J&rp^
\J River, foot of Mortonst. Travelers by fifi&flK
this line avoid both transit by English railway aud
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, ,
flrst-class $160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rupe...... •.
January 11
GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
January 18
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Poirot,
....January 25,
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
February 1
J6E3" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New Ifork.
J. F. FUGAZI <fc CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. • ■
WHITE _STAR HUB.
Onlted States and Royal Hail Steamers
New York, Queenstown & LlverDonl
SAILING JBVKRY WEEK. '
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -_
Ing to steamer and accommodations <f£&£3b
selccl«,J: second cabin, $35 an.l S4O- Mai.TT**,
Teutonic 35. Steer. B eTicksS from Kn^fand V^
land, Scotland. Sweden, Norway anrtn' c "
through to san Francisco at ?^e« C tK*
sailing dates and cabin plans may b* nri tB>
from W. H. A VERY Pacific Vail !•-. v P r °cured
Genera! Orlice of the'companv? 6 S Marked' lhe
under Grand Hotel. £j . ty vi,^\ S5 s^ reet .
General Agent tor PaclficCoast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACRET COJIPAXY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWAXL <m«
fortnlßhtly for the West Indies' ai',l 43QSZ8
Southampton, callini? en route at Cerbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passeneers
Through bi, ls 0 /-. ladln «- in connection w , th th
Pacinc^Mail s. s. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ore to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
2ilL sof'w? vS™? 10 "^ *195: thirl
•Ims, fB7 6a For further particulars Apply to
PARROTT <fc CO., Agents,- •
' ' 306 California sL
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Le *Y°* f^L No< 3 » Washington 3U
At 5 P. M. I>aily, Except Sunday.
tar Accommodations Reserved by Telephone-
STEAMKK :
T. C. Walker. ,y n iv t »r«
Mary «arratt. . .Cit? of Stockton.
Telephone Main 305. Cju. Kav. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO m MARE ISLAND.
BTR. MONTICELLO,
Dally, «xcept Gunday-10 a. m., 4 * -
Bmnday-8 p. v. ■
. I«adinK, Mission 1. Fl«v a.
RAILROAD TRAVEL j
LOW RATES BY RAIL
5ATURDAY.......... i JANUARY 4,
And Every. Firrli Day Th«"-f;ifter. t' ;
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
Of Market 3t.. at 8:00 P. M.
#K"J p> gk— lncluding Berth in Puiiman Tourist
O/.OU tfleeperi :■
....ALSO...
First-class tickets, including berth in . Cji X.OO
Pullman standard Sleeper, . • 'iPJ-«J—_ .
CD ECI ' L N'OTIOE. :
This train will not' stop to deliver or take on pay
! singers at intr-rme'liate stations, nor will tlcSe:s be
sold or baggage checked to such points. ■'.■:;■■:;.• '.
■ trif Tli rou Tickets tor I'uget Sound
Points on Salt- a' Xedureil Hiites.
For further Information apply- at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco. -
RICHARD GRAY, . T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Tr&ffic ilgr^ Gen. Pass. Agi^
9OUTUKRK I»Ai'IFfC COMPA2TT.
(I'Atrric HVKtEM.)
liMlnt Ifnvr mid in-o <!m- to wri-lve nl -
KAN] FIU\(IS(O.
LEAVE — Pno-tf NOVEMIIER (| . IBML — AltltlVJ
6:30 a Haywards. Nile* and Way Stations.. 1O:I3a
7:OOa Atlantic KipreFS, Ugileii and I.nst.. : S:4.>r
7:«Oa Benicia, VacaTille, Iturnsey. Sacra- '
mento, and Redding via l)avU. ... ' 7:lSp
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Kap3, Calis-
tc^aand Santa Wort ' 8:159
8:30 a Kill-;, fcaii .105e,.. Htockton, loce,
Sacramento, MarysTille, Ued Uluff ■''■
and Hundaysexcei'ttd Urorillc. ... 4i151i
•S:3Oa Peters and Milton "7:13*
9:00 a. Leandro, Haywards Way St'ns 11:45*
BtOO.v Los Angelcß liiprcss, Raymond,
(for Yosemitc), Santa Barbara
and Los Anfteles t 4:41 v
S:00 a. Martinez and Stockton 10:45*
: "<Ja San LeaDdro, Kiiw^rds and Niles... 1:43p .
I2:00m Saa Leandro. Haywards Wty Sfns 5:45»
1:OOp Nii eg> Ban Jose and Livcrmore S.-4.1A
•l:OOp Sacramento River Ste>uiifirs *U:»0p
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations -)7:43p
5 : «S P § an I.tam'.ro, Haywardst Way St'ns 3:43p
4:OOp San Leandro. Uaywards t Way Sfns 6:4S>
4:OOP Blartiuez, Sau Ramon. Vallejo,.
Nai>a, Calistoga, L"l Vcrano and
.iV BanUßosa »>l3*
4tO«x Benloia, Esparto, Woodland. . . !?
> Knigliig Landiug, • Maryßville.
Oroville and Bacrii'«iento I*i4B*
4i3«p Niles. Sati Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7tl3M
3:00p San Leandro, Haywar<l3& Way St'ns 8:45*
8:3 Or New Orleans i:x|>re> l'rcsno Bakers- •
Held, Banta Barbara, Los Angeles,
Detninf, El Paso, New Orleans and " •
East l«i4H«
8:30p Santa Fu Route, Atlautio Kxpress'
for Mojavti nuil East Jo:4sa
6:00 p European Mail, Ogilen and East.... 9:45 a
6:OOi>llayivanlM, Niles and Sau Jose 7:43 a
J7-.001' Vallejo : t7 : 15 p
7:«0p Oregon i;xi>r<-»B, Sacramento; Marys- ' '
villc, Kt-.ildinfc'. Poftland, Pujet
Sound and ]'!ast , 10:43* '
7:00p San Leandro, Haywards& Way Sfns 1O:ROp
»:OOp San Leandro, Hay wards& Way Sfns ttl2:»oA •
" Sucset limited," Fresno, Los. -WZS&
Angeles.' El Paso, New Orleans - .-. -.
and East fttsHSa
ftll;lsrSanLeandro.HayT7ardsAWayBfnB 7:15 a
SANTA i'ltrZ DIVIsrON fXarrpTf fiangf). -.
at:l»A Newark, Ceiiterville.Saii.loiß.FeltoD, ' "^*
BouMerCreek, Santa Cruz Way •• •: •
Stations : SiB*4 -
•2:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Cr?ek, - -
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Mliao^.
4:13p Newark. San Joes and Los .Oatos 9:39*
■fll:!5p Hunters' Excursion. Ban Jose and
Way Btations -.-■•• r 17:26 a .
COAST IUVISION (lliir.l A, Tonnsen.l HU.)
0:45 a H*n Jose an. l Way Htatioua (New '■ *
Almaden Wednesdays only), .- 1:43»
8:13 a San Jose, Tr<-1 I'inoa, .Sauta Cruz, . -
Paoilic Grove. Paso Robler, San -'. ": ■'■'.■'.
Lui.s Oliis|x>. Guadalupe and Prin- -
cipal Way Statious 7:03 a
IO:4Oa San Joso and Way Stations., - H:OOp
]1:45 a Paid Alto and Way Station? 3:30 l
*3:3opSan Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, SanU ■ ■-■ . ■'-.■
Cruz, Salinas.Monterey and PuciCc .
Qrore ...' "IO:4Oa
*8:30p San Jose and Principal WayStatious 0:47*
•4:30 i» Han Jose mil Way Statious *M:O6a
5:30 - San Jose ami AVay Statious ■ # 8:-I8a
O:3Op San Jose and Way Stations <>:33a
fll:«si' San Jour at,,! W»y .StnMnns.... n:45»:
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN mKCISCO— Foot of Mtrlttt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9.-00 11:00 a.m. . tl:00 *2:00 {3:9|
•1:00 ■ tS:CO 6:Cop.m. •.• .
From OIILASD— Foot of Broadwaj.— •' *6:00 8^)0
10:00 a.m. JI2XO *1:00 }S:00 *3:00 ' ti«o
*3:oQp.m. _^ •
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays onlji
J Sunday*! only.
tf Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•JTuesdayn and Saturdays 6 Sundays and Tuurndarfc
SMFRASCISCO & HORTBPA...
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Franclaco to San Rafael. . .
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:8%
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. St. Thursdays-Extra trl2
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:3»
and 11:30 p. it.
a ™?w?exlr 0 V ' 11:0 A ' lC; 1:S0 3:S *
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:25, .7:53, 9:30, 11-10 a m.*
at'i^P^a^e^P.^^^ l^^
BU^?W Y 6^5 B p!°M. 9:io> 11:1 ° ** lt: 1:40> 3:4 *
Between Han Francisco and Schuetzen Park santt
schedule as above. ■ •
San Francisco. oct? ff 2a San Frln^cisco.
W.kk I Sun- ue-^i-Vion. Sun- I Wkkk"
Days. | pats. BAYB% | d ay>-
-7:40 am 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 AM 8:60 Aii
8:30 pm : 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 ru 10-30 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm, Santa Rosa. 7:30 ru 6:18 pm
Fulton, "~" ~~~~ ~~~ m
T :40 am Windsor, 10:?0a*
Healdsburg, rTv
Oeys«rvllle, • • '- '■ .
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:IS pi*
i Pieta, ~ "
7:40 am I Hopland A ■ : ' •
18:00 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pat
7:4oam> 1 10:30 a^
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
8:30 pm l | \ 6:15 pic
7:40 am 1 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 aic
6:10 pm l 5:00 pm and *:05 pm 6:15 r»
jj Glen Ellen. ■ ■
7:40 8:00 Seba « tonol 1 10:40 am 1 10:30 ai«
3:3opm|6:OOpm| Sevastopol. | 6:05 | : i6 f3
Staces connect at San Kafael for Bollnas. : T~*
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pleta lor Highland Spring*
Kelseyville, Lakeport.
' Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Sprlngrs, Bln«
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
»oo<t, Mendoclno Fort Brazg. Usal, Westport,
Cahto.Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potier Valley, Joh* •
Day's, Lively'B, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotlii
and Eureka. ■
Saturday to Monday round-trip Octets at redoes*
tates.
.On Sundays round-trip tickets t» all point* M» .
yond San Rafael at half rate*.
Tickut Offices, 650 ilaricet st.,Chrontcl» bniVdtn^
B. a WHITING. R. BTAIf, ' .
Gen. Manager. Oen. Paaa. A<enfc
8 Pacific
RAILROAD .
Trains leave from and srriTt
@^R^UT|] at Harket-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
i To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
! Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
, Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Clucagt*
, via Kansas City without change. Annex can fat
| Denver and St. Louis. ;;;xvw
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Bolld Vestibule Train Pally, vrith Dining-cars,
ncder Earveys man»s:eraent. Connectlnj; trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. v. and 3:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the tast.
New rails, new ties; no dnsi: interesting scenery
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dlnlng-
cars.
' Ticket C<Uce-644 Slarket Street,
Chronicle Building. •
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). -.;:'. •
iTtom Sau Francisco, beginning October 27, ISM,
WKKKDAYS. .
For Mill Vallfv and San Kafnt!— 7:3Q, 9-15, 11:00
a M • 1-45, 3:45, 5:15, tj:HO P M.
San Quentin-7::<0, 9:15 a. M. : 1:4&, 5:15 F. M.
Extrn trips for^an Hufa'-l on Mondays, Wedn««»
flays aiid Saturdays in 11:30 p. M. • - .-
ou.n'days. • .-•':
For Mill Valley, San Kafael and San Qnentliw
8-00. 10:00. a. 1:30.3:00,4:30. rBzl|
p M '.Does not run to San Quentln. ' . ■ '
THBOUUB TRAINS. ;i ; ..
7:30 a. M. Weekdays— Caziidero and way station*.
1:45 p. m. urdays— Tomales and way staitona>
8:00 a. m. Sunday*— l'oint Ueyea *>na way tiiUoittl
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORXKT-AT 'Interesting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
REV. DR. WENDTE TO WED
The : Pastor Is Engaged to the
Daughter of an Influen
tial ; Pioneer.
BURGLAES ON ; BROADWAY.
Eighth-Street Bridge Is Again Declared
Unsafe by the Street Su
perintendent.
Oaklam> Office Pan Francisco Cai.i.,l
. ; • 'JOS Broadway, Jan. 2. \
Social circles were considerably sur
prised to-day by the announcement of
t lie ngagement of Rev. C. Wendte .to
Miss Adiiie Grant uf East Oakland.
Miss Grant is the daughter of Mr. and
Mr:-. George E. Grant of East Oakland.
For many years Dr. "Wer.dte has been
pastor of the First Unitarian Church and
Le has always been devoted to his mother,
ay.d whenever the subject of marriage was
mentioned by his friends he would point
with li. iicar.ee and pride to his aped |
mother and nothing more would be said.
Dr. and Mrs. "Wendte reside at the Hotel
Metropole. So contirmed a bachelor was
the clergyman supposed to be that, al
though the eneacemeni was reported
wee!,sago,it needed frequent corrobora
tion before his friends would believe it.
MiM Grant, has been a member of the |
church almost sjrjee its organization, and
ioT.a. bod : while she has been very promi
nent in the social side of the work. bha
■is Lverfeailv ; popular and greatly ad
mired for her many charming nalmes.
•■'. liar father, who is one of the best-known
'. cap tAHsts and land-owners in Alameda
County, is a pioneer and has been for
: ma'i-iv" years a trustee of Dr. Wendte's
church." The da; for the wedding has
.' not . et been announced.
• '■' ' : ,_
DALTOX AT AVOKK.
. He Doea Not Anticipate Mnch Opposl-'
• •■■.' ■ tlon to nis Next Assessments.
/•OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 2.— County As
sessor Dalton has opened his books and is
..preparing to make his assessments for
uext year. He. said:
■ "I see no reason why there should be
any deviation from last year. The Supe
rior Court has practically sustained every
move I made with the exception of the as
sessment on the Seventh-street road. That
question, of course, cannot be settled until
.. ihe>a!e of the road to the State in July.
. of course there remains the contingency
that the company will pay the tax, but
-.'.'■tliat. is . niost impropable, in view of the
.stand taken that the line is a part of the
;-K:ain jystejn and is assessable only by the
:- : Sta.te Board.of Equalization.
.;•• • .."I feel conrident that the Supreme Court
-wiil Lstain the decision of Jud.ge Ells
:worth." In any event, I have decided to
; liiak'e the' -nents this year conform to
: .ilie.. lines. I\niapped out wnen I went into
otHce.; Tiie gain to the county, no matter
which' way t lie ■ Supreme Court may turn,
• will, be considerable. There has been a
'■•now, and in ray- judgment a more equit
.'. -basis laid for assessments. on the riu
■ ures, of i 895, arid I feel assured that 1 am
I. •■•■.."■ ■ i^frT^l-.
■ i; .-*'i do not anticipate any such battle be
fore ".The-. • >uniy Board oi Equalization as
. \\ehad last y«:ir'. Hut if it should come, I
\shaH be fuli'v prepared to meet the attacks
■ un. my figjujres.": ■' ■
' ■; :■• . Scliafl'er >"ot Kea<ly.
..LAND. Cal.,: Jan. When the
.^rehearing" <>f icer .McGloud was resumed
v before - the Police Commissioners this
• ; .intornins ex-Chief Schaffer wanted to have
•the testimony read that was taken in his
-.alisence Saturday:. ■ After it was read
: - Schaffer said that he knew the men -who
test Hied -and knew why they testified.
". He said he did not think the case would
.•end. .with .the rehearing. He would show
jhat all the men who testified were enemies
of "his. - As Scbaffef persisted in wanting
a transcript of the testimony the case was
postponed till next Wednesday night.
• •'■' .. • Again Placarded as Unsafe.
>". OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 2.— The Superin
• tendent of Streets has been called upon at
.'; short notice several times during the last
two weeks to repair holes in the Eighth
.street bridge. .On one occasion a horse's
-leg went through the planking. To pro
■".■■•tect himself, Superintendent Miller posted
■. .the following notice to-day:
" • .-.Eighth-street Bridge Unsafe— Public notice
. -"is- hereby given. that Eighth-street bridge is
• iin>aie for gerefal use und the undersigned
.. : will not be -responsible fur any accident that
■' may occur thereon. M. K. .Mn.m:.
' '■-• '.'•"■"• : • liu'r^lars at Work.
.."••-■ OAKLAND, ( a:.. Jan. 2.— An attempt
■was made in the early hours of this morn
"ing. while .the. fog was thickest to enter a
tailoring- establishment on Broadway, ad-
V joining • a jeweler's store. The door was
forced open with a "jimmy" that left
marts identical to those made on the
door of Sherman Clay's music-store that
";' was robbed last week.
.; The plan of the burclar was undoubtedly
' to enter the jeweler's store through the j
tailor hut he was evidently frightened
.. off- after breaking in the door.
.': •;;-•_ ••.Totally Destroyed by FJre.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 2.— Early this
morning a cottage on the Snn Leandro
road 'was totally destroyed by lire. When
the • »ily, named Thompson, who resided
in it came home at midnight they found
their home on lire and extinguished the
flames withthe garden hose. They retired,
but some hours, later the flames broke out
apain and had enveloped the house when
discovered. The family had a narrow es
cape for their lives.
Mrs. Strobrldgfi's Will.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 2.— JI. Stro
bri'ige has petitioned for the probate of
. the will of his late wife, Kate B. Stro
bridge. ller estate consists of 105 shares
of the Pacific Lighting Company, ten
shares of -prim; Valley stock and "thirty
live shares of the Market-street Railway
Company. The total value of her estate
is ?5000, and the hearing of the petition is
. Bet for January 13.
A Hnppy Quai ■ t.
. OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 2.— Key. M. Van
■ de Mark,' who is at present a deputy in
the Assessor's "office, had his hands full
this morning. Two couple summoned
him into the chambers of the iSuard of
Supervisors, and he forthwith performed
a double wedd • The visitors w?re Bert
■S. Harris and Princess Pearl Rolling and
.Leonard J. Gates and Diana Lyon. The
•Knots were tied in the presence of several
county officials. . '.
:-.."••.•; Aiiotlier Damage Suit.
. OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 2.— Lavinia A.
..Hughes and Hugh If. Hughes, her hus
. band, have brought suit against the Hay
- wards electric line for $25,000. Mrs.
■ Hughet was thrown Jown while boarding
a c;ir ut Thirteenth' street and Broadway
last January,. and injured about ti.e bpihe,
.In i) and foot. Bhe.saya "she wns severely
shocked and. her nervous system shattered
by the accident.
B«|»ea »nr a Church.
OAKLAND, c.\i.... Jan. 2.— Rev. Dr.
« oyle \snil appear before the License Com
mittee of the City Council to-morrow to
oppose th«. granting ol a license to Frank
.^uurant to conduct a saloon near the First
. 1 resbytenan Church. Many men.bers of
|.'i! b rct]t will be present", and it Is be-
Jieved that the licence will be donied.
."-;•■ •'• >Varil <uiU In Jail.
; W O: \? LAND Cal -." Jan. 2. —Thomas
. w«rd, tho Sunol. hotel-keeper w.o bom
barded a Chinese laundry Tuesday morn
ing, is still in jail awaiting some one to
come along with a ?25,0C0 bond. Ward
denies that he shot the Chinese for robbing
his henroost. The Chinese will recover.
Footpada About Town.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Jan. 2.— Jacob Mein
berg of San Francisco was returning from
visiting frionds in North Oakland when he
was held up by two robbers on San Pablo
avenue and robbed of $12. The m n
nourished knives, there was a j-currle and
Meinberg escaped unhurt with his watch.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
A lamed a County Happenings Told in
Krief t'liupter*.
Oakland Offics, Ban Francisco Caxl, j
90S Broadway, Jan. 2. j
British sailors won an association football
game yesterday from a picked Oakland team.
Discussion has been reawakened over a pro
posed cycling track in Alamedaand an athletic
pai-K In Oakland.
Willie Dannaker, who ran away trom Whit
tler because he c >ul<i not get cigarettes, was re
captured by she Oakland police.
The Southern Pacific Company has issued or
ders that charges be mnde for carrying bicycles
outside ol a rtuiius of fifty miles from Saa
Francisco.
The New Year's imbibers who were in the
dock of the Police Court this morning did not
get off without paying the penalty, although
they thought they would.
Last September Judge Ellsworth committed
Mrs. [da Levy, well known here, to the insane
asylum At Agr.ews. News has Just reached
here uf the woman's death in that institution.
c. B. White has filed his report and peti
tion for discharge as assignee of B. W. Hig
eins, mi insolvent debtor. He has received
SG2 :?•■> ami disbursed $40 00 in fees, leaving
$21 45 to be divided between two creditors
wi-.o have claims amounting to $205 30.
Two transfers of wine were recorded to-day
at County Recorder Spear's oflice. They were
both made tf> the California Wjnemakers' Cor
poration. The first was that oi P. de Vaux of
Mission San Jose, who transferred 120,000 gal
lon?. The second was from the Valley View
vineyard, owned by Wallace Everson and
leased by A. A. I'argo. This amounted to 21,100
gallons.
ALAMEDA REPUBLICANS
They Will Probably Affiliate
With the State Execu-
tive Council.
Justice Swasey's Complaint of Boycott
Discussed by the City
Officers.
A LAM EDA, Cal., Jan. 7.— Secretary
Knowland of the Alameda Republican
Club has received a letter which settles the
status of the Republican State Executive
Council so far as Alameda Republicans are
concerned. The propriety of sending a
delegation of three from the club to that
body was questioned until it was ascer
tained whether the State c ntral commit
tee approved of the organization. Secre
tary Knowland accordingly wrote Chair
man Cornwall of the committee, inquiring
about the State committee's attitude, and
lie received a reply fully indorsing the
Executive Council.
What the Police Say.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 2.— Justice Swa
sey' s complaint that he is being boycotted
by the police force and the constables,
who conspire to take all the legal proceed
ings before Justice Morris, has served to
arouse those regarding whom the charge
is made. City Marshal Rogers aays: "That
is an old tale of woe of Justice Swasey's.
I nave heard it so often that I am tirtd of
it. I have never given orders to the police
force as to where they should take their
cases. The number of cases which the
police brine to the Justices is not lar*e,
anyhow. Last year the number of arrests
was 320, and of this number 115 were for
violating ordinances. These had to go to
the Recorder's court, and leave in round
numbers 200 for the Justice's court. At
(3 a piece, the fee allowed by law, they
would amount to a total of 5600, which
would not make any Justice rich." But
Bwasey sticks to it that he is discriminated
against.
Gun Exploded.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 2.— Francis
Stahl, a lad 14 years of age, residing with
his parents on Santa Clara avenue, be
tween Sixth and Seventh streets, was
hunting on New Year's nay, shooting
ducks off the remnants of the old wharf
leading out from the terminus of Pacific
avenue. A flock of ducks flying past, the
boy took aim and fired. Instead of fetch
ing down his game the gun exploded,
knocking him down and lodging some of
the shot in his head and neck. The in
! juries were very painful, though not
I serious.
The Number of Arrest*.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 2.— -There were
320 arrests made by the police of Alameda
during the year 1895. The largest number
for anyone month was in June— 39— the
smallest number was in April — 20. During
the year there was collected for liquor
licenses $11,500, for general business li
censes $5206 40 and for dog licenses $933 20,
making a total of $18,639 60.
A New Year's Gift.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 2.— Commodore
Leonard of the Encinal Yacht Club was
presented on New Year's day with a new
patent log for his yacht, El Sueno. The
gift was from members of the yacht club,
and took place at the residence of George
Emmons.
CLUBBING A PRISONER.
Charges to Be Preferred by Captain
■\Vittman Against Policeman
John A. McGrath.
The Police Commissioners will be asked
to investigate at their next meeting a
charge of ill-treating a prisoner preferred
against Policeman John A. McGrath, who
is or. patrol-wagon duty at the Central
Police station.
Last night Policeman Dugan rang in for
the wagon to go to Golden Gate avenue
and Polk street. Dan Driscoll, who lives
on Steiner street, was lying helplessly
drunk on the sidewalk. He was taken in
the wagon to the City Prison, and there
Driscoll would not leave the wagon.
Attorneys Comyns and Catteran were
there at the time and they say McGrath
dragged Driscoll out of the wagon by the
heels. Driscoll clung with his hands to
the brass raiiing and McGrath drew his
club and struck Driscoll several times over
the knuckles with it till he let go. As
soon aa McOratfa pot him oat of the wagon
Driscoll held back and McGrath threw
him down, his head striking on the hard
stone uaveincnt. Then he took hold of
his ear and lifted him to his feet.
Two "trusties" from the prison went to
McGrath's assistance and they dragged
him into the prison. Attorneys Comyns
and Catternn reported to Desk Sergeant
Shields what they ad witnessed, and ho
sent Driscoll to the Receiving Hospital
where a lacerated wound over his cv« and
another on his scalp were dressed. lie \v;is
then taken to the prison and registered
"drunk."
Sergeant Shields reported to Captain
Wittman the facts as related to him by
Comyna and Catteran, and the captain
will prefer charges against McGrath be
fore the Commissioners.
Mi (iratli denies he used a club or was
rough in his treatiri3nt of t.e prisoner.
The Chief of the Bureau of Statistics re
ports that during October the exports of
merchandise from the United States
amounted to $87, 017,240, against $5.3. «:,;;. l_'l
during October, 1894. The recent pain of
$3,364.119 5he- wa that the export trade is
now improving decidedly.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3. 1896.
HE WANTED MORE SALARY.
Trustee Meininger of Mount
Eden Scores School Prin-
. cipal Rowiands.
RECALLS MANY UGLY THINGS.
He Declares That The Teacher Is Not
a Fit Person to Train
Young Minds.
Oakland Office San Fbakcisoo Call,) !
908 Broadway, Jan. 2. t j
The trouble over the re-election of Pro- j
fessor Rowlands as principal of the Mount
Eden public school is not yet ended.
Trustee H. Meininger declares that many I
of the statements made dv the friends of
the teacher are false, and he also says that :
the principal was guilty of many things j
tliat justified him in seeking his removal. (
Trustee Meininger says that the indigna- j
tion mass-meeting and the re-election j
Sunday of Mr. Rowlands are a part of a .
conspiracy to ruin him politically. He
also makes many grave charges against
the principal.
"The facts briefly and plainly stated," i
said the trustee to-day, "are sufficient to I
not only justify me but also to condemn \
Principal Rowland, and his course of pro- i
cedure by which it must be obvious that:
he hopes to retain his position as principal ;
as a means of self-aggrandizement.
"But since his Iriends have seen tit to
meet my public condemnation of the past
course of Mr. Rowlands as principal by a i
personal attack upon me, at the same j
time stultifying the moral status of my j
constituent?, I deem it my plain duty to
the public and in justification of my |
course to expose one whose gratitude for
my leniency mi^ht have been at least one
lonely virtue.
"The facts in this case clearly demon
strate that my compliance to duty was the
only cause fur the assault upon me by him.
The facts in the case are simply these, and
the citizensof Mount Eden will bear me out:
that Mr. Rowlands fought me and did his
best to defeat me at the last June election.
Had he been friendly, with no cause, and
as he was at that time a guest at my house,
would ne have opposed me?
•The truth of the matter is that early !
last spring, and before the spring election, j
I discovered that he was derelict in many |
respects in his duty. He spent much of
his time loitering about saloons, and I told i
him plainly that he would have to attend j
more strictly to his business. He requested j
me to raise his salary $10 a month, which '
I refused. All this is why he attempted
to defeat me in the election.
"Further investigation of the case devel
oped the fact that Mr. Rowlands was in j
the habit of opening the envelope contain- '
ing the questions submitted by the County i
Board of Education several days prior tb j
the date set. During last term, when the j
County Board of Education named a ccr- :
| tain Monday for the examination and for j
the breaking of the seal of thfl envelope ]
containing the questions, Mr. Rowlands j
broke the seal tlie week before, and had
the school begin examinations, and had
the pupils date their papers ahead. This \
is a well-Known fact, which he attempted j
to deny on several occasions, but which he j
was forced to admit to the County Board ;
of Education before whom he was ordered j
for investigation. The result was that the j
board refused to promote his classes for j
this ana other well-founded reasons."
FIGURES THAT TELL TALES
Alameda County's Business for
the Year Compiled by
the Clerk.
A Great Desire Shown to Marry, but
Not Such a Desire to Be
Divorced.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 2. f
County Clerk Jordan completed his tab
ulation of last year's business to-day, and
it presents many interesting features. The
Clerk now keeps a complete set of books,
similar to ihobe of a business house, and
every branch of the county government's
expense can be seen at a glance. This is
the first time such a system has been
adopted in Alameda County, and people
interested in economy liave already dis
covered where there were many hitherto
unknown leaks.
During 1895 the number of marriage
licenses ifsued wes 1180, and to offset this
only 8C divorces were granted. Just twice
that number applied for a legal separation,
but one-half are either impending or liave
been denied. Damage suits to the number
of 353 have been commenced, and in this
connection it might be noted that the
judgments have been higher in cases
against railroads for death or injury than
was ever known before.
Eighty-two people have applied to be
declared insolvent and sixty-nine attccli
ments have been issued. The most rush
ing department of the civil courts has been
in the foreclosure of liens and mortgages,
Hl:t mortgages and Kjl liens having been
foreclosed during the year. Forty-one
cases of quieting title have been decided
Appeals have been taken in fifty-nine
cases.
The most remarkable comparison that
appears from the statistics is the relation
ol the number of convictions in criminal
ca^es to the number of commitments of
insane persons to asylums. Thirty-six
people have been convicted of crime'and
seventy convicted of insanity. During the
year Hi 7 persons have signified their inten
tion of becoming citizens and seventy-two
nave been naturalized. Owing to the edu
cational clause many people have been re
fused registration. 'Eight children have
been legally adopted, two of whom were
found on doorsteps.
LEARNED MINDS WRECKED
Nothing Known Regarding " Dr.
Green," Who Lost Himself
in Oakland.
A Relative of General Stedman Is
Also Declared Insane and Sent
to Agnews.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call,)
IK)S Broadway, Jan. 2. >
There is undoubtedly a mystery sur
rounding the identity of the insane man
found in West Oakland Christmas eve and
who is supposed to be Dr. E. J. Green,
formerly of Jersey City.
The examination of the man's state of
mind, conducted before Judge Greene this
afternoon, made it very plain that he was
suffering from irregular lapses of memory.
At times Me is perfectly rational and there
is nothing that would lead to the opinion
that he is insane. During these periods c
converses clearly, connectedly and ration
ally, but he suddenly relapses into vacuity
and makes incohfrent rambling state
ments.
Dr. Green is a man of high education and
in his calmer moments refers to a dead
wife and a daughter 14 years oi age. He
says he graduated at Anaheim and de
clares he is related to the Studebakers. It
is thoueht that tnere must be some search
being prosecuted for him, as it is not con
sidered possible that a man of tiis stand
ing could have dropped out of sight with
out being missed.
During his examination he makes sev
eral statements that eb w his mania of a
religious nature. He declares he is the
Christ, and informed Judge Greene that
some one had taken his Bible away and
made it into cigarette papers. At a point
where his conversation seemed to be per
fectly sane and he was explaining to the
Judge where he received his education, he
surprised everybody by suddenly recogniz
ing a man named Waters in the court
room and declaring he was President Cleve
land. Judge Greene asked when he last
saw the President, and Green replied tnat
Waters looked much younger than when
he culled on Grovtr. Although Green is
much improved since he was arrested a
week ago, he was declared to be insane and
was committed to AgnewS.
E. P. Siedman, who has resided in tins
City for over ten years, was taken from his
residence yesterday on complaint, of his
daughter, Miss Birdie stedman, who said
her father was acting queerly and his
family could not control him. He is a
relative of General Stedman, who figured
prominently in ttie Civil War, and is a
brother of the late Mrs. Barnum of \V. C.
T. U. fame.
Stedman was examined this afternoon
and it was very evident that he was
insane. He will be sent to Agnews with
Dr. Green.
PETITION FOR THE BONDS.
Berkeley's Trustees Will Call
Two Special Elections
To-Night.
Subscriptions for Lighting the College
Grounds Canvassing County
Division.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 2.-The peti
tion asking the Town Trustees to call
special elections for the issuance of school
and wharf bonds is now in circulation in j
East Berkeley. It is in charge of J. L.
Scotchler and the required 300 signatures
have nearly all been secured. The peti
tion will be presented to the Trustees at
Friday nigut's meeting, when it is ex
pected that an ordinance already pre- !
pared will be passed calling the elections, !
the date for which will be about the j
middle of February.
Other matters to be considered by the
Trustees are the application of John
Casey for a saloon license and the ques
tion of Deputy Marshal Rawson's eligi
bility to hold oltice in Berkeley.
Casey's application for a license has
aroused a good deal of opposition, and it
is thought likely that he will be refused
permission to conduct a saloon. He has a j
record that will militate against him, he
i having been convicted and sentenced some
time ago for selling intoxicants within the
mile limit.
The Lights Tumi.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 2.— The sub
scriptions to the fund for the lighting of
the university grounds now amount to
$615, President Kellogg of the State Uni
| versity having contributed $20 and Pro
fessor Rising $5. P. M. Wilson's subscrip
tion of $500 is conditional upon another
$500 being subscribed by other citizens,
' the estimated cost of placing poles and
wires on the college grounds being $1000.
Dmiiet Benefit.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 2.— A benefit
will be given in South Berkeley Hall Sat
| urday evening for the widow of the late
j Felix Dumet. An elaborate programme
| has been arranged, among those taking
part being S. T. Blake, B. A. Harnett",
Cliff McClellan, Alex. T. Lipnian, H. 11.
Tisaale, Hugh Forgie, Captain W. R.
Thomas, J. Heaiey, T. J. Allen, Miss Ben
nett of San Francisco, Miss Belle Merer,
Miss Amanda Josephi.
Oakland County.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 2.— A petition
is in circulation in Berkeley for the forma
tion of a city and county of Oakland.
Those who are endeavoring to bring
| r.bout the proposed division of Alameda
! County have done some canvassing among
i Berkeley, and citizens of Berkeley wiil
j probably be well represented at the meet
! ing to be held Friday evening in the City
I Hall council chamber of Oakland.
LATE SPORTING NEWS.
Olympic Boxinc Night— Expenses Are
Cutting Into Mrs. Dempsey's Coin.
It is rumored that after the expenses
shall have been deducted from the money
accruing from a benefit recently tendered
the wife and children of the late Jack
Dempsey, there will remain something
like ?800 to be given the widow.
Treasurer Gilleran said \ r esterday that it
would be some days before a full state
ment could be given, as there were many
people who had taken tickets who were
not yet heard from.
<■ illeran did not seem at all pleased with
how some of Dempsey's alleged friends
bad acted in tho way of assisting the
widow.
•'There are those," said Gilleran, "who
I previous to the benclit were seemingly on
tiring in their efforts to make the affair a
i success, and who were actually the first
I people to present exorbitant bills after the
I show was over; but their names shall be
j published and full particulars piven when
i everythinp is settled."
According to the New York Recorder
I the Maher and Fitzsimmous fight will
take place February 11. It is safe to say,
however, that tho Recorder will find itself
: mistaken on the day. Neither of the pugi
i lists mentioned has the Jenst intention of
\ fighting, but they thoroughly understand
I and appreciate the fact that the only sure
1 way of getting cheap advertising in Bast-
J em papers is by hoodwinking the sporting
! fraternity and "the sporting writers who
j seem to believe the statements of those
I pua,s who live and make money through
I being well advertised.
If the papers would cease to notice those
alleged champions some lighting and less
talking would be done.
The Olympic Club will give boxing en
tertainments quite frequently in the fu
ture. The next evening of fistic sport will
be on the 9th inst., and some good sport is
sure to be the result, as the boxers se
lected for this special night are considered
iirst-class. Smith and Sullivan and Ray
Bates arc now in training, an<i they ex
pect to be in excellent trim when the time
arrives {or partaking of tistin punches.
Leader Snort may posßibly add another
brace of boxers to the list, as two three
round bouts will be of very short duration,
and it is doubtful if a larire gatheriue will
be present to see half-finished riiticuffs.
The Olympic boys are preparing already
for the grand vaudeville and athletic en
tertainment on the 20th inst., which wiil
be held at the Columbia Theater. Tbis
will mark the thirty-aixth anniversary of
the club.
* — « — •
After the battle of Canae, Hannibal sent
to the Carthaginian Senate three bushels
of gold rints, taken from the lingers of
dead llonian knights.
MAY HAVE GOLDEN SANDS
Eastern Capitalists Planning to
Mine the Sacramento
River.
ASKING- FOR BIG CONCESSIONS
Slickens and Debris to Be Thrown
on the Levees and the Chan
nel Deepened.
As the result of the recent visit of a St.
Louis mining expert to this City a move
ment is on foot to extract from the slickens
that has for years been clogging the
channel of the Sacramento ltiver some of
the millions in gold that are believed to
have been deposited (here during the past
forty years. A. Swartsweller spent some
time in Sacramento and at other points
along the river and made an examination
of the debris at the bottom of t c stream
as well as into tne feasibility of extracting
it in sullicient quantities to make the
proposition pay. On his return to St.
Louis the report he rendered to the capi
talists there was of such a nature they at
once decided that under certain conditions
the scheme would pay big dividends.
A number of letters to capitalists in this
City asking them to take a hand in the
operations tell the nature of the plan. It
is proposed to form a company with a
working capital of $50,000 and build cer
tain appliances, the plans and models for
which have already proved satisfactory.
Then the Legislature at its next meet
ing is to De asked to grant the company
the right to mine the siickens in the bot
tom of all or a portion of the Sacramento
i n consideration that while taking out the
debris the channel shall at the same time be
improved by being deepened and the lands
lying adjacent to the banks be protected
by having the levees raised to a height
much greater than they are at the present
time.
From the description of the machine to
be used in extracting the debris and re
claiming the gold it would appear ihat it
resembles both in appearance and opera
tion the huge dredger which is now being
used to deepen Oakland Creek, ana wiiic:i
for months past has daily been dumping
hundreds of tons of earth and sand behind
the training wall that forms the south
bank of the waterway.
The main difference will be that the
earth and sand brought up by the suction
pipes instead of being pumped directly
astiore will be dumped into a huge hopper,
where a secret process will remove the
gold. Then anotner hopper with the suc
tion arrangement will take the dross
wherever it is desired to lill depression or
rai^e the levees. The letters express an
opinion that if the privileges are granted
practically all the gold concealed beneath
the waters can be recovered, and that the
river will be improved to the extent of
hundreds of thousands of dollars without
the slightest expense to the people of the
State.
The time for beginning operations is set
for the coming summer, and in the mean
time the local mining men, to whom the
Eastern men have applied, are asked to
ascertain what can oe done in the Legis
lature, and how much, if anything, they
will have to pay the fctate for the privilege
of mining the entire river.
As the question of improving the channel
for many miles above where the stream is
now navigable has been agitated oi late,
and has been the subject of a special in
vestigation by the Congressional com
mittee which recently, in company with
Governor Budd, made a tour of the bay
and of the streams flowing into it, it is not
anticipated that the company, if formed,
will have any difficulty in securing the
desired concessions.
HOTEL AKEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A M West, Oakland D Dlersspn, Sacto
DC Clark, Santa Cruz G Phillips, Sacto
G I'acheco, iKn.acio P Gosbey, Sau Jose
J Martin, Cal J A Krtwards, San Jose
C II Lngercrantz.Sn Jose A L Ovprton, Cal
Dr de Puy, Crescent City Miss A Thompson, Ildwd
A James, San Jose M!ss L Hall, Kedwood
Miss Hayes, Texas G Johnston, Plcasanton
J Typley, Valle.io J F Baker, Hed Bank
W W riinif-y. San Jose M Hopkins & fam. Mass
W C Simmons, Illdsbri; J KacKio, .San Andreas
J H Jones. Merced 15 T Jarvis, Bakersfleld
A Hutch, Bakersfleld L \V Shinn & wf, Angels
X F Lewis, An?els A C Barker, Salinas
Mrs L Turner, S V R Turner, N V
J X Jackson, Los Angeles J Howard, -Stockton
Mrs Harris, Fresno Miss Harris, Fresno
X Harris, Fresno G B Gral*.a»n. Fresno
F P Willis, Chicago <; M Wrigbt&w, San Jose
\V G Hissel. Chicago W S Tinning. Martinez
J A Mlnerj it \v. Redding \V II Young, Sautn Rosa
J Q White, Ukiah \V n Alison, California
N T Mason <fc wf, Mont W A Chapman, Covalo
W Jl Looman, San Jose J M Prlng, San L Obispo
C A Perkins, Little River CF.rlcKsoa, San L Obispo
R .1 Flick. Redlands G Peterson, San L Obispo
X C McGregor, Stanford D E Spencer, Palo Alto
X L Hyatt. Stanford W G TulUndex, Mexico
W Sexton, Oroville H M Alexander, Sacto
W H Stewart, Redlands C F Br.vant.RamondSpgs
\V II Bennett, Stockton J M Connor, Sacramento
C J Jones, Stockton J Hcrry & wf, Fresno
W Bruce, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
W a Whltlock, 111 « CofseahalL Cal
II F Shieih-r. Oakland J S Murtori, Cal
X H Terry, CaJ 0 .1 BnUlvan, Mill Valley
l' McGovexn, Knrcka .1 l.ouonllial, Kurcka
L S Haver, Seattle MlssM Kilkor. Los (Jatos
Miss.l kl!k(-r, Losfiatos Miss Sioi-kwether, LUtos
M Isa E Aver, Los Gatos RI) Ferguson, Seattle
A H UUler. Alaska 3 Miller, Alaska
A M Miln;- A- \v. Scotland O Pierce, San Jose
I) R Oliver, Sonora M B Hnrriman, Sonora
J J Xunan, Stockton W Rousb, Greenwood
A X Lyons, Cal B Barker. Cal
I! Tlmmons, / uisun De Vries Van Doesburgn,
B G Dickman, 81 Helena st Helena
A Markhnm<fcw,Sta Rosa F L Jackson, Oakland
.1 1) Lynch, Los Anneles .1 L Delano, Kocklin
\V JI Carlln, Marysvillo L 8 Mayer, Seattle
L L .lames, Mill Valley RII Brown, Pescadero
B Cam-, 8 V Mra C C Wheeler, N V
sit Johnson, San Jose C W Stephcnson.Sn Jose
J) Gilmore, Seattle li Qnernssy, Golcon la
O D Steam <fe wf,st Louis Miss J .Morrison, st Louis
i! 1. Burknell, Uochester R (i Wilson &wf .Tacoma
E D Gardner, Red WutY B V Ware, St Louis
Mrs H Mitchell, Valleclta X O Miller, Visalin
-Mrs Ilooii, Sranlord J J Donovan, Xapa
J M Lane, Seattle A McMillan A-w.Knoxvle
J A f-aywanl, Victoria L i Hattield, Sacto
WrOstsrhen.Livermoroll Todd, Oakland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G M Rice, Denver X II Barnard <£ w Mich
J M Carmaok <fc \v, Cal J E Miller, Alameda
J Howard, Vallejo A M Alillor, £) V
W J Fo3ter, Los Angeles Q Spencer. Los Angeles
J J Wiener, Fresno J Lustig, Tulare
J V Hill. Petaluma s Hopper <fe w, B Kosa
T 8 Everett, Chicago N O Urzatt. Sali.ias
W Jcssee, St Louis V P Burtlett & w, St
C Sim. >ii, Chicago Helena
(t Berry, 8t Ix>uis Miss 0 Berry, St Louis
0 Williamson, Chicago Mrs C scott.'Frosuo*-
J MorroH, Ht Ta.il B A Blair, N V
c a Boott, Sacto ■ I)r a B Smith, Los Ang
C A HUler, .Sacto J Morse, Denver
C Merrill, .-alt Lake
PALACE HOTEL.
Mr Hewitt & w. Fresco X> E Beatty, Ynma
J Kervin &w, Chlcitso Mrs D I'faever, Chicago
Oldham w, iuniion CJ J Jloherts, I'uila
J .lol!i!s:on Aw, .Sacto Mr 3 15 B Ulbbs, Itod Bluff
H T Pondexter, Bianfrd J M Maxwell, Indies
It J. Thomas dk w, Ne- Miss MAlorgan, Nev City
vain City JI Xewmnn & w, I.oa Ang
C P Finback, Seattle ."'lrs V Cook, Seattle
T J Field, Monterey V A Underhill, New Yrk
TCLusk, Chico . M 0 Thomson, Australia
II C Witiiier, Los Ang li A Brook, Toronto x---
Col M Engel, Mexico X (i Cralghead, Uayton
NEW WESTEUN HUTEL.
M It Ra?an, Stony I'olnt J B Downing, N V
11 Wultf. Ilouldin H sichel, Oakland
.1 Clancy, U s n m a Moss. >:una Kosa
M Symonds, I'oint Arena J 1-" Mathi,', Wis
O A I'hilllps.Poiut Arena N S Mund, Wis
J II Marb.e, I'olnt Arena U J Uakctt, Heading
J w llollne, Vancouver C X Bugbeu, Vm-uvilie
J Jlranuan, Vancouver EIS Wise, Ukiati
J X U'aguor, Modesto
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jane Campbell to Georjtu Relcley, lot on N line
of rmann street, 10l -.3 E of Stelner, E 25 by
» l'.0;$10. *
Helen K. Golden to Margaretta J. Ww, lot on
Ellncot Lotts ri-et, 90 .\ of Waller, E 49-8 NW
topoit^l i: of Lott and 125 S of liaight,' W 31
byS6o;*lo.
Joaeph H. and F.rolly Thomas to Julia E. Spin
ney, lot on IT W, line of Sun Jose avenue. 77:t>i/i
.Vhcf Duncan street, NE 27, XW 82:4Afe. (JW
27 3 /i. SE 77:Tf. s ; $10.
Edward .7. Le iiioton and William Cook arus
tefsof f-stateof : • ynthia 11. >M laher) to William
and Charles Be! j, lot on S line of California street,
103:11/3 F. of Stockton. B 34:4 V,. 8 137:6, W
68:0. N 37:6. E 34:3V 2 . N 100; 97000.
Ellen F. Bernnrd to John F. and Frances I". M.
Bernard, lot on XE line of Oak Grove avenue. 150
SE of Harrison strpet. SE 75 by NE 113; SlO.
Same to same, same; gift.
James Xoonan to Patrick and Nora Russell, lot
on SW line of Gilbert street, 80 XAV of Brannan,
NW 2."> by SW 80: 910.
William T. and Annie B. Commary to John
Haake, lot on X line of Clement street, 82:6 E of
Thirty-second avenue, E 25 by N 100; $600.
Eugene Dubedat and Josephine Schneily to S.
Gertrude Smyth, lot on BW corner of J street and
Fourteenth avenue, W 181:6, S 259:7, E 155:10,
X 212:3; $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Georee M.
Coulter, lot on SE corner of N street and Forty
second avenue, E 120 by S 100: also lot on X line
of M street, 57:6 W of Thirtieth avenue, W 100 by
X 100; also lot on X line of Thirty-first avenue,
100 s of L street, S 100 by E 120; ¥10,
Evelyn C. Coulter to s:m:c, lot on X line of M
Street, 67 :ff W 'o* Thirtieth avenue, W 100 by X
100; also lot on X line of Thirty -first avenue. 100
S of L stroet. 8 100 by E 130, quitclaim deed ; $10.
Edward R. Ziesche to Fred R. and John A.
Drinklionse. lot 33, block 41, City Land Associa
tion; $100.
I). A and Caroline Meyors to Ella Szanik. lot on
E line of Kamscl] strpet. 182 .V of Palmetto ave
nue, N .y by E 100. block 39. same; $10.
Jenny Howe to James P. Pcnuyler, lo: on X line
of Walnut street, 200 Sof Central, 8 50 by E 100,
block 18, same, burgain and sale deed; $100.
AI.AMKDA COrXTV.
William B. Gay to the McCarthy Company (a
corporation), 1o:h 1 ami 2, block F, Christiania
Tract, Oakland Township; also lots 21, 22, 23 and
24, Mock C, same, Berkeley; .flO.
Andrew and Jane C Jonos '.o MaryS. Kelleran,
lot 20, block C, Andrew Jones subdivision, Brook
lyn 'i ownship: erant.
Kmma L. Boivne to the McCarthy ' ompany (a
1 corjioration), lot on XW corner of Merrill avenue
and lost street, \V 260 by N 3150. subdivision G of
' the Fruit vale Terminal Iract; $10.
Bank of Llvermore to N. Ratti, lot beginning at
; the X\V corner of l>eonard Tract, thence XX 55,
1 SK to N line rieht of way of Central Pacific Ball-
I road Company, th^nf-e BW to s\v corner of Leon
ard Tract, thenco KW I'jO to beirinnini.', Leonard
; Tract. Livern-.ore, Murray Township; $10.
Luct'ba K. A guru to VVtiliam G. Hcushaw, lot on
S lint- of Tenth strict, 40 X of Kirkl.um, E 25:8
: by S 100, loi 26 anrl portion of lot 27, map of blocks
i 549 and GfiO, and portion of block 561, Oakland,
property of John Scott: $10.
Henry P. Rowley to B. 1-. Hawk, lot on S line of
; West sixtef-ntli street. 90 W of Willow, W 75 by S
I 120:71/2. lots 9. 10 and 11. block C, Garden Tract
Homesiead Map 2. subject to mortgage for $750,
grant, Onkland; $ .
: James 11. Albrids" to Solomon Baumgarten. lot
on X line of Third street, 75 W of Castro, W 25 by
I N 100, being lot 23, block 25, to correct former
j deed, quitclaim deed, OaKland; $ .
F. A. and l.nnra C Bnntington to Caroline
Bechtel, lot on NX corner of Durant and Webster
streets, E 60 by N 100, Oakland: 810.
M. <;. and Mary A. King to Harriet W. Clark,
lot on N X corner of iJurant avenue and Ellsworth
street, N 120 by E 100, portion of lot 8, block 12,
College Homest ad Association, Berkeley; $5.
Builders' Contracts.
Edmund Schuntenhaus and John Pockwltz with
Leonard B. Schund. to erect a two-story building
on lot on E line of Valencia street, 260 S of Six
teenth; $7418.
same with Henry JTufschmidt, plumbing and
gasfitting on same; .?1070.
Same with John Quadt & Co., painting and
graining, same; $595.
T. Venturi with Joseph Maccono, to erect a
three-story frame building on S line of Hinckley
street, 97 :6 Eof Dupont ; $:-;892.
Louis Friedman witb Robert Currie, to erect a
two-story frame building on h\V corner of Vallejo
and Stockton streets; $7:25.
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Stocks were firm yesterday and those of the
middle group were higher, Hale <fc Noicross ad
vancing to ?1 10. Chollar to 72c and Potosi to
6i!c. The northend stocks were firm at previous
prices.
NOTES.
The annual meeting of the Sierra Nevada Min
ing Company has been called for January 15.
The Home Gold .Mining Company of Nevada
County lias levied an assessment of 5 cents per
share, delinquent February 1.
The following local corporations paid dividends
I yesterday: Capital Gas Company of Sacramento
$1, and Stockton Gas, Liglit and Heat Company
\ 30 cents.
The First National I'ank has declared a semi- ■
annual dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per
annum, payable on the \ 10th. The Alameda :
fcavlngs Bank has declared a half-yearly dividend
to depositors at the rate of 4y per cent on all ae
posits, payable January 2.
The Ophir mlno has shipped to the Smelting and
Lead Works 270 sacks of concentrates from the
472 tons and 930 pounds of ore crushed and con
centrated recently at the Mexican mill.
The following securities wore ex-coupon at the
stock and ■ Bond Exchange yesterday: United I
states 4 per cent bonds, per coupon, 91; Cali
fornia-street cable bonds, $2 60; Contra Costa !
Water Company's bonds. 93 50: Los Angeles
Lighting company's guaranteed bonds, 93; Mar
ket-street Cable Company's bonds. $3: Nevada
County Narrow-Range Kail way bonds, $4.; lark
and Ocean Railroad bonds, $3; Nortnern Railway
of California bonds, $3; Park and Clifl House
Kaiiway bonds, 98; Ban Francisco and Northern
Paciiic Railway bonds, .s•_• 50; Southern Pacific
ititilroad of Arizona bonda. $:■*, and Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph bonds. $3. What with these
interest payments] the savings banks' dividends
and payments on City, Connty*and State bonds, a
good aeal of money is being paid out now.
The weekly letters of the Gold Hill mines are as
follows:
Ovekman- Extracted from nortl- drift, 000
level, B V2 t° ns °f ore: value of same S4l 81 iv ton.
Seg. Bklcuer-No work has been done in the
mine during the past week on account of the holi
days.
Savage— On the SSO-foot level the north lateral
drift was advanced 12 feet, making its total length
137 feet; face in i>orphyry and stringers of quartz.
The wo«t crosscut started in the north drift from
the eighth floor of the north upraise Is advanced 58
feet; face is in low-grade quartz. The north up- i
raise is advanced 7 feet, making the total height
hO feel. The Jeast crosscut started in the north
drift from the fourth floor of the north upraise was
advanced 12 feet, making its tolal 32 feet; face
has reached the east clay wall and discontinued.
They are making good progress raising and re
timbering the 750 level and in the mala shaft
below this level.
Ckown Point— southwest drift from the
south cad of track floor on the 800-foot level is
now out a total distance of 74 feet, having been
extended 20 feet; the face is In porphyry.
Repairs in the main southeast crosscut on Mie
GOO-foot level, in the east crosscut on the 1100
--foot level and the usual repairs in the shaft and
other thoroughfares are underway.
The Bodie Consolidated letter for the week says:
"The north drift from the east, crosscut from the
noith drift on the 200 level has been extended 8
feet, theledce in the face heing about 3 feet wide
and of lo'.v grade. The sonth drift from the above
crosscut was extended 10 feet. We have from 18
i inches to 2 feet of low-grade quartz in the face.
NEW TO-DAY.
i~ The IERCURY 3
®k»^^- <o^>^^
sr Souvenir
®*^"" O© © © dfrtTiir^ ■nil , -/n^©
®>^^" sun«?hine Fruit -^^®
|^r Sunshine, Fruit vjOW DPADY —^
g^ and Flowers ... v w KC/\U Y . -^
€fe^v- Contains 325 pages, 9x12 inches, J~^^#
s*^"* and is ILLUSTRATED FROM 939 PHOTOGRAPHS. "~^
g£^l Hundreds of beautiful half-tone engravings, showing Z^^
$j£r-v^-- the aspect of the county from January to December. ~~-*&
«s^^- The Fruit Industry Illustrated • -^*
<B&tn^| And described— the most valuable treatise upon the ->^^Q
*£j£^j Santa CJara County Fruit Industry that has ever been
Q tB r^. published, giving details of the business from nursery .^^rf*
CJL-^.- to market, with crops, prices and profits. -t^q
eto-^ A Work of Art, -^^a
®^>^ — j Suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate j~^^©
Christmas present. There is scarcely a question that
@>^- could be asked concerning Santa Clara County and its -^^
©te-<^. 'resources that is not fully answered. -^^^
O* — 000000000000 ' -^4jS
©w>a The Mercury Souyenir will be Bent, expreisage prepaid, |- /N/
©f^ to any part of the United States at the following rates: Bound in •^ > -^©
68*^^- Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.25 per *-^^^
copy. Bent to any part of the United Stales, postage prepaid, at I^2
J^^C the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 800 per copy; ~C^^
tz^s^. bound in leatherette, $1.35 per copy. The Souvenir is sold over -.^•-^a
%£&*j-~ the counter at the Mercury office at the following prices: Bound -^w^9
&sr^~ in Bristol board, 50 cent* per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.00 -^>-<S>
®bfc^N^-| per copy. -^■^©
'©^ Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, " /v^*
4©t>y- San Jose, California. -^y^g
«?»t,^^- - ; ' -/>^ssJ
East crosscut from Gildea vein, 300 level, was ex- .
tended 18. feet. The face is in porphyry with
seama of quartz. The east crosscut from the south -
drift on the 300 level was extended 8 feet. "Tlie
face is In porphyry."
In the Mono miue the upraise from the south
drift from the west crosscut, -100 level, was k-arric.l
up 15 feet. The ledge in the top Is the same rs
last reported— B to 10 inches wide and of low grade.
BOAKD SAXX9.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Sr>ck Board yesterday:
TtFOUI.ARMOHN-TN-'l «i:iSIO\ COM*WKNCTNO AT9: 30.
500 A10ha, .... 23 100 Occidtl....6C|3ooß Sev 63'
100 Ancles 19100Oohir..:.1.401O0 62
500 Ch011ar....62 100 0vrmn....20 100 ...-. 54
300 Justice, ...os 200 Potosi 58300 V Jacket..43
100 Mexican. .os.SOO Savase....3lj .■- ■ -——>:-•
AITVRNOON s kss 1 ) -7 : 30.
500 Alcha 25 700 Ch011ar.... 72,200 0Vrmn....21
100 Alia 09300 (OV 2.45 ! 300 PotoaJ.. 62
100 Andes 21600 Exchqr....lo|loo Savage... .3s
500 Belcher... 3 1|600 O & C...... 48,200 Union C...U>
400 B<£ ±5.... 88' r>o *7j 50 tan 04
200Bodie 43100 Occidtl... V Jackl.so
200 450 Ophir... 1.45| IT?-J^S;'^|
Following wers the sales in the Pacific Stocic
Board yesterday : •
EBiri.tH KKSSTO?,— II:TV ",•..■'
200 Alpha 450 CCMV... 2.40,1600 Mex!can66
800 Alta 09 800 2.421/jIIOOO M0n0....05
1600 Andes... 2o 300 Conii 1 7<»o Occid 86
200 8e1cher....29,'i000 Con . 021800 Ophtrl.42i .
600 30|lOOOO X Y"...o]|3oUoOynnn..2o
1200 B<& 8... 813 800 C Point. 1200 Potosi ...«U
200 8u11i0n. ... I SIBOO Kxcnqr.. .08600 61
ICOO 19-200 U <fc C... 44400 Savage...
I 1500 201200 45900 34
\ 1000 Caleda...oß 250 lUtx 1.07V->!1600 ScorptonOH
: 600 Cha11ge.... 29,2600 5 800 S M...0i»
! 400 Chouar.... 800 Julia 02 900 SSev 55
, 200 65400 Justice.. 1000 bll Hill..
i 200 661500 Ken:ck....os 800 L'niou C...45
1 1000 68.)00 L 1000 L' tan.... 05
: 1800 69500 02 1200 V JauKet4s
' 200 70) i
AFTIRXOOS BES9IOX— 2 :30.
I 800 Alpha 24500 Cha11n8e..28,300 Occidtl..
I M>o 25 250 CCV 2.4M300 Ophir l.il>i. a
4UO Alta 10 200 2.42W300 1.4 D
' 1300 Andes.. .2l '_'ou Conii . ...li i*-_) 0 Overmn.2(J
■ 300 Belcner... 3olooo Conlmp.OzSOO 21
i 400 1000 C X V... 01 600 Potosi 61
I 3<oß<fc 8....871400 C Point... 26 800 Savage... .3s
! 300 59300 28200 34
i 400 BS'6OO Exchqr....o9 400 3tf
; 200 Bodie 600 O & C 47i500 Scorpion..o3
i 300 44 700 48J300 B A 1...09
■ 800 8u11i0n. ... 201400 HdtX ....l^ 8 600S Xev....6«
: 300 500 Julia 02300 ...65
; 300 8u1wer....12|400 Justice.... OsJsoO S Hi 11..... 03
300 Ca1eda....09 300 Mexican.. 66 100 Uni0n.... 45
! 800 Chollur ...71 2000 M0n0. ...05 1000 Utah. . . . O.">
li'O 72 JOOOccid 65'600Y Jacket. 47
200 70| I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Jan. 2-4 p. v.
Bitt.A*lcr(l.\ Bld.Aiked.
Alpha C0n..... 25 26 Jaekon — 40
Alts 08 lOUnlia 02 03
1 Andes 20 21 Justice 05 Otj
, Belcher 30 31;KentucR. — 04
; Best * Belcher. 88 90 Lady Wasu.... 01 oa
\ BentonCou.... — 45 -Mexican 65 67
: Bodie 42 4^Mt. Diablo 16 20
[Bullion 18 19; Mono — OX
; Buiwer - 11 12 Nevada yueeu. — ' utj
: Caledonia 08 lOOccidental 66 67
Challenge Coa. 29 30 ; 0phir 1.40 1.45
; Chollar 70 71iOverman 20 21
Con. Cai. Va.2.40 2.46 I'otosi 61 63
i Con. Imperial. 02 03 bavajre :. 33 35
j Coandence 1.15 1.20 *eg. Belcher... 10 .11
I Con.JN'ew Yoric — 01 Herra Nevada. 65 66
Crown Point... 25 27 Scorpion oa- 03
I EastSierraNaw — 03 Silver IIUI 02- 04
; Exchequer. 09 10 Silver Kins.... 15 20
Eureka C0n.... 15 — i-yndieate 02' —
I uould <& Curry. 46 47 Cniou Con 45 47
Ualo<fciNorcr3.l.lO 1.15 Utah 04 05
iowa 05 jYeiiow Jaciiat. 49 5j
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUUHSDAY, Jan. 2-2 p. m.
UKITKD STATK3 Br,Nl>3.
Jiid. Atked.\ Bid. Asked.
VS 4a c0up. .109 — |U S4s reg...109 —
MISCKI-IiAjrEOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbleos.loß% — Do. 2d Iss 63. — —
CalElfcL 6s. 107 i/ 3 — P&OKy 63.107 -
CntraC\Vss. — 100 P&Ch itv 6s. 10l Va —
Dnnt-st, cx-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.KK6s. — 116 V«
EdsnL&P 63.105 106V-. Keno. WUL — 105
I F&CIIKK6S.IOSI/4 — * KlverWCo6s — 100
Gearv-stßss.lO4 106 -actQP A- L..100 IH2-'.
I L,osAneL,6s. — 101 '.-!K&NPKHssiUol,iloil
l)o,Gnted.6s. — 101V2;S>PKUArlz6s — 95
1 .Mkt-BtCble6sl2o 122 Ca165..110 —
I I)oKy(:oc6s..l07V2l08y 2 SPKRCuISs.. 90 —
! NevCNgRSs. — 100 SPBrKCal6s. - 97
N PCRR6s.IO3Va — dVWater6s..l22 —
KRy Cal 65.102 — bVWater4s.- 99 —
N liy Cal ss. — 103 [StkinU<fcE«d — 103
Oak Gas 55.. 104 V2 — SunstT«fcT6s. — 100
1)0, 2d Iss 55.104i,2 — Sutter-stUss. — ' HO I
Omnibus 65.. liß3/ 4 119 - VisallaWC63 — 92
i i'aclioUM6s.. • — — *
■WATEB STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 40 60 1 San Jose 75V 3 »6
MarinCo — 52i/ !sprlngV aUey 98 98',i
GAS bTOCKS.
: Capital — 40 Pacific Light. 46 48
' Central f»5 — FrancscO 71 3 721,4
• OakGL&H. 50y &1 Stockton — . 21'
l ac Gas Imp. 8114 BIV2I
J N S> ÜBA N CX STOCKS.
I FlremansFd.lso — |Sun 56y 3 —
COMMERCIAL BASK STOCKS.
I Amerß&TC. — — |LondonP<fcA.l27s,il3o
I Anglo-Cal... 591/2 62 JLondon&SF. — 28
Bank of Ca1.. 230 — Merch Ex.... 12 —
! CaISD&TCo.. — 67i/> .Nevada — —
; Ffrst>'atlonl.lß2y lßß- I gather B Co.. — —
I Grangers.... — — I
BAVIKOS BANK BTOCK'V
I GerS<tLCo.l4so 1600 Sav&Loan.. — 150
HumbS&L.IOOO — Security 200 275
Mutual 35 41i/z Union Trusc. - 82a
\ SFSavUnlon — 495 |
BTRKKI RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 105 — ,Onk,SL<fcHay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 Presidio ..... 6 ' — ■'.-
Markct-st 44% 45 t Sutter-3t. — —
POWDER BTOCK3.
Atlantic D... 15 — iJudson — —
California 95 IIS Vigont. 60c —
i Giant. — 19 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
; Alaska Pkrs. — 98 OceanlcSSCo — 20
! BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 — .
I CalCotMUl3-. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
I CalDrvDock. — — Pacl<fcNCo. — 30
EdisonLtgnt. 95 96y Pac Roll Mill 22i/ 2 25
j GasCon — — |ParfPaintCo. — 9
HawCfcSCo- 6y — PacTransCo. — . 25
' HntchSPCo.. 13y 8 13y 2 PacTATCo 6O —
i JudsonMfgC. — ' — iSunsetTifcT.. 40 —
1 MerExAssnlOO 110 lUnitedCCo.. — ■ 25
MORNIN'n KF.SSIOX.
Eoard— 2o H F Gaslieht, 72.
Street-SSOOO F <fe X P Railway Bonds, 100y .
AFTERNOON* SESSION.
Street— 7s S V Water, 98.
1112
A DISSATISFIED OWNER.
Green B. Morris Will Race No
More Horses at the Bay
District Track.
OUTSIDERS CAUSED A SCARE.
Red Rcot and Crackajack, Both ioo to
i Shots, Lost Their Races
in a Drive.
Owner Green B. Morris is dissatisfied
with the manner in which racing is con
ducted at the Bay District Track, and,
squaring up his accounts witii the Califor
nia Jockey Club yesterday, announced his
intention of confining his racing oper
ations in future to the new course at Ingle
side of the Pacific (cast Jockey Club.
on Saturday last bis crack filly, Sail ie
Clii quot, was a siarter in the Klmwood
Make, and in a drive was beaten out by
the Baldwin entry, Ramiro. In the weigh
ing-in room under the judges' stand,
Chorn, who rode the winner, was found to
l>e a pour.d and a half short of weight on
lipping tbe scalc-s. The clerk of the scales
then es-eorted Chorn, with his "tack," to
the jockey -Tooth, and placed him on the
scales where he had made his weight.
There it was saui the scales balanced at
ltS pounds, .*' i > i i Ramiro took the rich
V'lurn. Mr. Morris cannot understand
why it v.as that there was no discrepancy
in the weights of any of the other brus
riding in the race. Aram, on New Year's
day, he says bis mare, imp. Star Ruby,
w ho was a starter in the rate won by l>er
fargilla. was badly fouled by being pinched
jainsi the fence, having the skin
scraped off her side, yet the officials in the
Bland took no cognizance <>[ it. Several
other minor "kicks" were registered by t!ie
Veteran turfman, so he considers with
drawing frotn the track the wisest policy.
The racing yesterday was characterized
by some close finishes, in which 100 to 1
' "THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Ceventh Day of the Winter Aleetnifr of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
■ *-' Fast, fcay District 1 rack. *an Francisco, Thursday, January 2, 1896.
M
' a
rut
upward; conditions ;
■ purse $300. .
Index.. Horse, age, weight. 1 St.
453 Xic Nac, 3 89 2 1
- -;■>•.'■ Seaside. 5 .105 4
(462) Mount Roy, 5 107 8-
■ »472 Two Cheers. 5 110 6
.. 467 {Fijian. 4 103 7
'•.:: 4H2 I Horsey, 4.- 107 9'
464 jVirgie A. 3... 97 10
(435) Sir George, a 110 1
462 Monterey, 4.„..:.108 5
452 ! Elsie, 3... • 89 12
-.-: 464-' liestauette, 3 95 3
-. .453. j Ida 11, -89 11
; ; 31,
! 8 1/2
• ; 1 11A
61"
**4
9
: 10
! 52
....... ,*
12
I:::::::. |,I>
11
_
_
, 23
4y 2
1 it
6 _
5 „
9
10
8 10
7 1A
12
I 3h
! 11 .
»i
lh 12 Hewitt
3 2 211/3 J. Chorn
2 3 3 3 Hinrichs
7 3 4 2 Shaw
4 1 6 11,3 Coady
8i/i 6 2 Bozeman
6 1 -: 7 3 ; Rowan
5 1 8 2 Cochran
10 10 9 10 I Macklin
11 h 108 Reidv
9 1 1 1 1 _ Donnelly
12 I 12 C. Slaughter
Str.
Fin. I
Jockeys-
1 Betting.
Op. CI.
3
3
4
6
10
20
10
6
30
8
6
3
3
12
20
30
40
15
s
6
100
20
8
..Fair start. Won easily. Winner, Burns _ Waterhouse's ch. f.. by Take Notice-Picnic. At post 20
ilnutes. Time, 1:07. '
470 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: selling: ear-olds; conditions, allowances; purse $400.
_ 1-t/.
Index. I
- Horse, weight.
I St, ] 1/4 „ 94
Str. I Fin.
! Retting.
Op. CI.
. (453) ] Yankee Doodle". 107 4 ......
•■• '448" Don Gara 106' 7' ....
460 Doubtful 101 2 .... '
:' 453 Alviro .-.. 104 1
•468 Billy McCloskey 110 5|
464. rrappeaa " 104 3
460 Tennessee Maid 108 8l
■: 446 Zetu 99 6|
;4h jlli/2 15 14 Coadv 7-10
7 1-2:52 4 2 2 1., (horn i 10
2 1.2 3 1 2 1/2 3 4 Cochran 6
11/2 12 2 32 4 3 Macklin. 4
8 6'i 62 5 3 Shaw 12
S_|4b j 5 2 6 4 O. Slaughter.... 20
till 18 8 7 10 R. God en 15
53 j7h i 7% ! 8 Donneiiv 15
3-5
7
8
6
30
60
60
40
(iood start. Won easily. Winner, Eaubridge stable's b. c, by Prince Rovnl-Manzanita. Time,
1 : 1 4 i-j
J QfJ THIRD RACE— and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward; allowances -
_OU. purse $500. .
. Index, i Horse, age, weight, j St. j std. i ( j ' _ I % I Str. Fin. Jockeys. < ,'.'"'
449 Maty S. 6 90; 1 11 12 12 13 13 IK, Piggott ~~
463 1 Red Root, a 91 7 7 5 1 6 15 '.Mi 2 3 2 5 C. Slaughter . . 30
. (400) Thornhill. 5 101 6 5h 63 5 li 44 53 34 Coadv.. 8-5
463 JDuch. MilplUs, 4..89 3 43 44 14 1 5 ' , 4 i .. 4 3 Hewitt 5
" 469 E. H. Sheriey, 6. . .99 2 3 IV2 2 14 3 % 3 -.7. 32 " 54 W. Flvnn 6
- 4*9 ibungarvan, a. ...101 4)2 1/2 |31_|31 6 lo 6 64 Cochran 5
.- 413 1 Modesio, 5 91 56 2 7 7 7 7 7 Mclntyre 30
Jockeys.
I Betting,
Op. CI.
tting.
ci.
20
100
7-10
11-2
10
8
200
food start. Won driving. Winner, J. McEvoy's b. _., by Duke of Montrose-Ocean Wave. Time,
l:53-';j.
481 * OURni RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and upward; allowances; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St.
V*
„
/i
I Str.
Fin. I
Jockeys.
CI.
458 George Miller, 6. .116 l' 11 lh
(41. »)Bueno, 4 105! 6 • 514 63
39 'Model, 4 108 2| i 4 l" 42
(429) tabritlo, 4 113 -l 2b 2 li
(460)°R.deIBandldO3,3.100 8 7 V- 74
". 399 Sj-lvia". 3 83 3 6 10 62
• 440 ■ Rico,* 113 9 9 .9
395 Emma D, 6 113 5 3 _ 32
- 299 !:<--.- Alta, 4 110 7 83 8
458 'Gold Bug, a. 113 10 10 10
1 Ms
3 2
2 11
4 2
7
63
8
52
9
10
1 34 .1. ( horn
2 ft M. Bergen
3 5 Cochran
4 3 Burns
5 h Coady
6 10 C. Slaughter.
7 3 Mclntvre
8 20 Doggett
9 Macklin
10 Hinrlchs
2
8
8
6
3
10
10
2
30
20
5-2
10
15
15
5
15
60
8-5
100
60
Bad start. Won driving. Winner, W. L. Stanfield's b. g., by Loftin-Emma. At post 21 minutes.
Time, 1:181/4.
AQf) ' FIFTH BACK— Five and a half furlongs; lhree-ye;r-olds and upward; purse $300.
Index. j Horse, age, weight.
St.
Str.
Jockeys.
I Be
I Op.
446 CttyUtrl, 3.: 91 6
459 CraCKaJack, a 112 2
441 JSoledao, 8 .. .'..10.4 6
. 298 ! Harry Lewis. B... 11 6 3
459 P.o. tn Hood I, 6...110 8 '
465! Addle M, 4 101 I
311 Bert, 5 107 1 4 ...
465 j(4torgeBonhert,a.l07J 9 1
3*6 I m. Autonomy, 5.113! 10
465 1 Joe Hill, 6.: 112 7
6 31/2 li/a Slaughter.... 4
3h i/2 23 Bagley 20
4 2 2 2 3 2 Doggett ; 8-5
9 6 4 3 B. Uovd 15
10 t 6 i/2 Burns'... 10
21/2 5 1 6 3 Donnelly. 5
8 9 7 Anderson 30
7 10 8 H.Martin 3
5 8 9 R. Smith 10
1 V 12 10 Glover 30
3
20
2
30
6
10
50
8
10
• 60
Fair start.
Time, 1:081/3.
Won driving.
Winner, Thomas Fox's ch. f., by Imp. Trade Wind-Mistletoe.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Bay District Track.
In races- where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distsrr < are given.
Abbreviations—F.. fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy: ra., mile; f., furloag; *, about.
FIRST RACE— About Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds.
Index .
Name. ■
! 1 Best II |
Lbs record.] Dist. Lbs: Tk.
- 474 Don Pio Pico... 1191 1. Robulns
482 Prince Hooker.. 1 112; 1:02 5f 104 P.. c. „ McDonald .... I
• 301 El Primero 112 1:03 51 112 P.. El Primero stable..
474 I Unity i 109 | l.-OS'i 5f 100 P.. I.. Ezell .
(471) Mini. ie II |109il:02i^ (5 f 115 P.. B. s.hriehcr
462 jFree Will 112 1:02 "51 ' 9 P.: R. Hughes
475 l"n« Que Amo..'ll2 1:05_ 5 f 97 P.. J. Brown. . .
. (464) .Salisbury .... 11 -.4 1:02 5 1 95 P.. Burns * Waterh'se
464 Lorena II 1 107 Al Morine I
353 Jack Ins.,.. 109 :49Ms Vfe m -109 P.. J. P. -A
• Perseus 1114 ;........ Cambridge stable .. |
Joe Hooker-Countess Zerka
I J. Hooker- Princess Norfolk
Joe Hooker-Alice X
imp, Rossin gtou-Unite
Aretino- Pauline
Brown Fox-Trade Wind
Torso-Little Flush
; Racine-imp. Flirt
Apache-Rill
j Regent-Misadie
I Imp. King <;a!lop-Nanka
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs: selling; light welter-weights.
I Best : i |
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
240 Lonnle ... 121 1 1:29% 7f 126 fT F. Maley Imp. London-Luella
452 Han Marcus 105 1:04 5f lOl H.. Klkton stable S;. Carlo-Mistake
477 Morven 128; 1:41% 1 in i 101 F... White it Clarke.... j Imp. Cheviot- Lurline
461 Bernardo 123 l:Mi- 2 61 95 F... Pleasantoastable.. imp Cheviot-Sweet Pe^cy
441 Crawford 128 1:291/4 71 ! 96 F... Antrim stable : Apache-Emma LongfieTd
447 Pearson 108 j B. Schreiber ; Imp. Great Tom-Drift
449 Hanford 120 1:29*4 7 1 94 F... California stable.. Imp. Kvrle Daly- Visall*
" 203 A , rtemM ? 120 no re.- - Miller Argvle-'bv imp. sir Modred
467 Jim Corbet 128 1:14% *6 103 V... D. Hallidav I Wildldle-Rachael
479 Billy Mci loskey 168,1:10 |5„ 1 111 F... Pleasant Hill stable Joe Hooker-Jessie R
Name.
Best
Lbs record.
Dist. j
:
LbslTk.
THIRD RACE— and a fourth miles; handicap.
j Best j
Index. Name. -Lbs record.'
469 Claudius 110 2:09
55 Sir Walter 85 1:2914
140 -Del Norte- 102 2:07%
/ 329 B.Morris.....' 951
469 Santiago i 94 2:37
Name.
i j Best I
•I Lbs record.;
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
H/im (108 P... Elmwoortst'kfarm.
71 107 F.. F;imwoodst'kfarm.
1 V_ m 108 1'. . . Wood lawn stable...
' E. Corrigan :
,11,2 m 127 P.., Santa Anita stable.
Imp. Brutns-Swayback
Nathan Coombs-Blasis
Imp. c.reenback-Priscilla
Longfellow-Queen Beluga
Grinstead-Clara D
FOURTH RACE— Onemlle; purse.
'I;
-I
Name.
I I Best !
Lbs record. Dist.
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
470 limp. Ivy 98 1:18 *> f . 109 F. . Merriwa stable.... Iniu. Castor-Veneration
469 Santiago 114 : _,, \y* m 127 F " Santa Anita stablejtiri nslend-< lata 1)
459 Myron -96 1:08% 5 '' 1 91 p.. Ira Ramsdell ImpMidlothian-inipOt Tom
1 d .3 i. k ? L ;\ i 0 ,5!J 1.21^ B_ ' 94 *.. Garden City stable! Major Ban-Miss Flush
46. Pulaski 103 1:4044 1 m ,2 5 F. Owen Bros Captain Al-Gold Cup
' 470 _" ,,, ?_ _ !2||} : *2» l m IS? £" iw - L - Appleby.... Wildldle-imn. Teardrop
476 Heartsease ... 103 1:40% Of 101 P.. X.C. Humphrey Imp. Kvrlo Daly-Extract
474 Lucrezia Borgia 95;1:44 t lm 100, F. . | Elm wood stk farm Imp. Brutus-Le'dette
FIFTH RACE-SIx furlongs: purse.
"
— I 1 Best ! '■ I ! I I " i I . .,- , :
Index, j Name. Lbs! record. Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
362 Ali Baba 100 1:14 61 106 F... Del Monte slab Joe Daniels-Test
459 Sea Spray 103 l:02Vi I?,- . 93F... P. Slehenthaler. Imp. Mariner-Maranette
459 Vatch TSm 2; 1:15 \ 63 ri f " »■ • M'kelumnestki Imp. Midlothian-Little Flush
Imp. I iter 95 'Merriwa stable. Marline Henry-
411 | Kathleen 95 1:10% 51/2 I 107 Fa. ! J. J. Case Little Alp-Unkiiowu
4<0 Minnie 1 95 Wm. Singleton. Regent-bv Cariboo
477 Quirt..:. 96 1:18%) 6f 105 F... W. Dixon Joe liooker-Trifle
477 Light 106 1:11% *8* 108 P... J. McEvoy...... Marduff-Longallght
443 "ioElRey 100 no re<- ... .... Charles Fair.... Joe Hooker-Marion
477 Mainstay 106 1:1384 8 1 112 F... Elkton stable.:. : Iron. Mariner-Queen Emma
400 Ramus : 106jl:18% 61 104 H. . EJmwoodstkfm imp. Brutus-Led*
Name.
I
Pedigree.
shots figured as important factors. Favor
ites were in front twice, with an outsider
and two second choiceS capturing the
other events.
The ring came very near being badly
scorched on the mile and a furlong selling
event. There were seven starters, with
bald-faced Thornhill a6to 5 favorite. He
was unfortunate in getting a poor stait,
and was never a dangerous factor in the
race. When the Hag fell Pigs:ott. on the
20 to 1 outsider, Mary S, hustled her out
in front, setting a merry clip. At the half
she was a lengtn clear of Dungarven, with
E. H. Shirley a close third.
As the stretch was reached she had in
ert ;imh! her advantage to two lengths, with
Red Root, a luu to 1 shot, who came from
behind, rounding the far turn in second
position. Slaughter, on Red Root, now
Marti'd after the leader in earnest, and at
one time his chance for first money looked
brilliant. The roare, however, stood the I
hard drive without faltering and passed
the wire a neck in front in the fast time of
1 :53&. Thornhill, the favorite, was a fair
third.
Again in the last race did the book
makers escape getting their hngers
burned, a five ami a half furlong spin
with ten starters. Crackajack was to have
been the medium of a '"killing." Opening
at 100 to 1 he was backed down to 10 and
| 15 to 1. After Joe Hill had showed the
way to the wire the long shot and Soledad.
I the favorite, took up the running. Cracka
| jack looked a winner up to twenty yards
: of the wire, when his rider, Bagley, evi
| dently thinking he had the race won and
| getting careless, was nipped out by the
second choice, City Girl.
The opening five and a half furlcng run,
with twelve starters, resulted in a victory
! for Nic Nac, who outfooted Seaside the
! last furlons and won by two lengths.
I Mount Roy finished third. Both of the
I first two horses had 3 to 1 laid against
i them in the ring.
Ed Purser's fast colt, Yankee Doodle,
i was backed from 7 to 10 to H to 5 to win the
second race over six furlongs, and passing
his field on the far turn won galloping by
six lengtns. In a drive Don (lara beat
Doubtful out three parts of a length for the
place.
The Kansas City Hindoo, George Miller,
and the roan mare Emma D* both opened
in the betting ring at twos to take the
fourth event on the card a full six iurlong
run, but so much coir, went in on the mare
that she went to the post an 8 to 5 favorite,
Miller receding in the betting to 2% to 1.
The backing oi the others was principally
confined to place and show betting. The
flag fell to a straggling start, George Miller
being the first away. He was never
headed, and won by three parts of a length
from the 12 to 1 outsider, Bueno. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
favorite was second into the stretch but
died away, finishing pulled up.
Track and Paddock Items.
Starter Ferguson was not in the best of
form with his Hag yesterday.
Ed Blazer stood to win about $2000 if Red
Root got to the wire first.
Thornhill was away from the post very
badly, which fact did not tend to increase
his chance of winning.
Monterey was well backed by a number
of tbe wise ones to win the opening race,
but the chestnut showed very little speed
at any stage of the running.
The black horse Bueno, that run George
Miller so close, was also, along with Sum
mertime and others, a member of "Doc"
Street's string, when the latter was ruled
off the turf in connection with the crooked
running of the latter horse at the St.
A*aph meeting last summer. Had Bueno
been away from the post on equal terms
with the winner, the result might have
been different.
It is said that Sam Doggett was prom
ised $200 by the owner of' Emma D if he
got the roan mare to the wire in front.
Nineteen bookmakers were doing busi
ness in the rintr yesterday. It was expected
Leo Mayer would cut in, "but the Chicagoau
remained on the ground.
Ed Turser backed Bueno all three ways,
and quit a pood winner on the race.
Barney Schreiber never rooted any
harder for a horse in his life than he did
to get Red Koot home lirst. Barney's
lightweight Slaughter rode him, and the
St. Louis pcnciier had $20 bet against $2000.
Hugh Jones is very fond of laying
against the favorites, and when Hugh
figured up his sheet at the conclusion of the
Yankee Doodle race he found be had lost
$2000. While studying how to get even his
brother Frank reminded him of a dream
he had, in which Mary S figured as the
winner of a race in a gallop. Looking
around the ririg he saw 20 to 1 marked
against the mare on Hughes & Co.'s board
and offered them a $100 bet, which was
taken, the ticket calling for $2100. Mary S
won and Hugh not only casned the ticket
but won another thousand in his book.
"Dick" Leclgett, the owner of Red Root,
considers himself in very hard luck. An
intimate friend of bis played in over s2oo
on the outside at odds varying from 10) to
1 down, standing to win fully $20,000 in
event of the long shots victory, half of
which was to go to the horse's owner. All
of the money was placed straight, and the
horse's line run availed of nothing in a
pecuniary way to owner Lt-dgett.
The Pommery Sec handicap over a mile
will be run to-morrow, and the Cltv agents
of the champagne linn are out with a very
novel proposition. To the person who
makes tne first and last bet on the winner
in every book according to the sheets,
they will present a quart bottle of the
brand of wine after which the stake is
named.
Alex Shield's game old racehorse Logan
arrived from New Orleans yesterday.
REFORM SCHOOL YOUTHS
The Supreme Court Says They
Cannot Be Called
Felons.
The Constitutionality of the Act Un
der Which Such Schools
Exist Upheld.
The constitutionality of the act under
which the Reform Sciiool exists was up
held by the Supreme Court yesterday. The
case in question was that of William
Nichols who, while before the Supreme
Court on habeas corpus, alleued that he
was illegally restrained of his liberty in
beinekentin the Reform School until he
attained the age of 21. He claimed the law
allowing such a sentence was unconstitu
tional because it permitted a minor to be
sentenced to such imprisonment for a
longer term than he could be t.ent to jail.
He contended, too, that such imprison
ment made a felon of the Imprisoned, be
cause boys may be sent to reform schools
from the Slate Prison. The Supreme
Court views this in the light of a commu
tation of sentence, however, and so re
moves the charge of felony.
Continuing, the court says:
It is true that terms of detention at the Re
form School may be made greator thanthe
term of the Imprisonment in the County .Tail
or in the State Prison for the same offense
would be; but it cannot be said that the
punishment inflicted la greater than could be
put upon an adult for the same offense. The
object of the act if not punishment, but refor
mation, discipline and education. There is no
doubt of the power of the State to make and
enforce provisions for the compulsory educa
tion of all children within the state; and it is
equally clear thai the state may Rrrest the
downward tendency of those who have offended
against its laws and manifested a tendency to
follow a criminal career by pinning them in
an institution where they will receive the can-,
education p.nd discipline necessary to prepare
them for honorable citizenship.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Calt,—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
ERAM.'H OFKICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
330 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lurkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
B\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission it nets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICK *>V BIISKTJNGS.
I5KS=* YE I i A BUENA LODGE^ OF
tb^S" Perfpct:on No. 6— Stated nieetine "a
mis iFitiD.vV) EVENING. January 3, A
at 7:30 o'clock. GKO. J. HOBK, A*A
• Secretary. SSSSB
»^s= IUNEBAL XOTICE— CALIFOR- "
b>k& nlaCommaniery No 1. K. T.-. OJli-^gS*
cers and membera will assemble in the Asy. ftj!
lum TC-DAY (FRIDAY), January 3, at 1 <&y
o'c.'ock p. m., for the purpo»e or attending V
the funeral of ourdeceased trater.Slß HENRY ED-
WARDS. By order
Sift MARTIN JONES, Commander.
Sir K. T. tiRAVKS. Recorder.
r?-rjg= EXCELSIOR LDIXiE NO. 16d\ m
l-*- F. <t A. M.— special meetinir FRI- A
DAY, January 3, at 1 p. m., for the purpose^K \f
of conducting the funeral oi our late /Nj^a
brother, HENRY EDWARDS. Master Masons
and friends are respectfully invited. By order of
the W.M. THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
WiS= SARGENT L'Tuue NO. 368, mm ,r,
**-& I. O. O. unicers and mem-^sfwS^-
bers please talce notice that the instal-
lationof oflic:rs will take pi;:c • THIS ti^sw>s
(FRIDAY) EVENING. Visiting brothers always
welcome. J - M. BKIGGS, X. G.
W. O. Macdouqai. Secretary.
sr^s- REGULAR MEETING OF v -er> C
C*-*^ the Caledonia Club THIS EVEN- a. Js,ri
ING, at 8 o'clock. Banquet committee ■*J\xs2'
will meet at 7:30 sharp, Scottish Hall, '"BSWJfc
111 Larkin st. , D. R. McNEILL, Chief
Jami^s H. DcxcAX. Secretary.
9p&* A.O. H., DIVISION No. 2.— THK«J JmZ
: •^•^ monthly meetinj; of this division w^A^j?
will be held In J)rew's Hall, 131 New %\VJ)
Montgomery st., THIS (FRI DAY) EVEN-rrW»
| ING, at 7:30 o'clock, A full attendance is"V^E£'
I expected. Installation of officers aud other busi-
ness will be transacted.
„ T „ BARTLV LEE, President.
I. J. Mekitax, Secretary. ',
5P^» W. J. COLVILLE ANSWERS QUES-
i*-*' tions; 1-oring Hall, Eleventh St., FRID\Y
3 P. M. Lectures Hamilton Hall, Thirteenth st
Oakland, 8 P. U., "Looking Backward ani Looking
Forward, or the Future Commonwealth;" 10 cents
admission.
Sr^g=~ LA KOCIETE FRANCAISE n'EPARG-
Uf^^ nes et de Prevoyai cc Mutueile— annual
meeting of the stockholders of the above-named
society ior the election of a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before the
meeting will he held at tne olHce of the corpora-
V/i?i .L Callfornla Btreet . San Franpisco, Cal., on
MONDAY, January 27, 1b96, at 3 o'clock r. h
_ _ ■ ■ L. BRAND, Secretary.
San Francisco, January 3, 1896.
9^5" ANNUAL MEETING-THE ANNUAL
I*-*: meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
cial Insurance ompany of California will be held
nt theolliceof the Palatine Insurance Company,
limited, of Manchester, England, 439 ('(ilifornia st
Safe Depo3il building, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January, 189(5,
at the hour of 12 o'clock, in accordance with by-
laws. J
CHARLES A. LATON, Secretary.
Pan trancisco, December 31, 1895.
MEETING NOTICES-Continued.
lU^Sr' PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R. K. CO.—
«***'. The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany ill be held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's Dlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the. twenty-fourth' (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. IC, for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
curing the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will c!ose on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON. Secretary,
office— llll Union St., corner Sharp's place, San
Francisco, Cal.
JDIVIDE>*I> NOTICES.
•Vt^S= > COLUMBUS SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
U^-sS 1 ciety, 614 Washington st. aud 5 Montgom-
fry aye.— Dividends on term deposits at the rate of
four and thirty-two one-hundr.-ihs (4 32-100) per
cent per anuum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of three .'Hid six-tenths i 3 6-10) per cent per
annum, for the half year ending December 31,
3895, will be payable, free of taxes, on and after
January 2, 1896. .1. F. PTJGAZL President.
r. N. Bkloraxo. Secretary.
Ctr^ OFFIC E OF THE HIBERNIA SAY-
Ur~J>" Ings and L,oan Society, cor. Market, McAl-
lister and Jones sts., San Francisco, December 30,
1895— At a regular meeting of the boanl of di-
rectors of this society, held this day, a dividend
has been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum on all deposits for the six months end-
ing December 31. 1895, free from all taxes, and
payable on aud after January L. 1896. t
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretury.
rKSS= DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GERMAN
i3»-*^ Savings and Loan Society, 526 California
street. For the half year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four and twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per
cent per annum on term deposits, and three and
fifty-five hundred ths (3 65-100) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits free of taxes, payable
on and after l'hursday, January 2, 1898.
GEORGE TOUBNY, Secretary.
H^gp SECURITY SAVINGS BANK, 222
u^-*^ Montgomery street, Mills building— Divi-
dends on term deposits at the rate of four aud
thirty-two hundredths (4 32-100) percent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rate of three
and six-tenths (3 6-10) per annum for the half
year ending December 31,1895, will be payable,
free of taxes, on and after January 2, 189 C.
8. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
Gt^S= DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
I*-* Loan Society, 101 Montgomery st,, cor.
Sutter. For the half year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four ami thirty-two oue-hundredths (4.32) per cent
per annum on term deposits, anil three and sixty
one-hnndredths (3.60) per cent per annum on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
WEDNESDAY, January 1, 1896. Dividends not
called for are added to and bear the same rate of
dividend as the principal from and after January
1. 1896. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
Sf^§= HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
Ur-*y Society, 18 Geary St.— The directors have de-
clared tlit- following semi-annual dividends: 4.32
per cent per annum on term, und 3.60 percent per
anuum on ordinary deposits, uayablu on and after
January 2. 1896. ERNES'i BRAND, Secretary.
EKS= DIVIDEND NOTICE-MUTUAL SAV-
ur**7 ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post at.— For
the half year ending December 31, 1895, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four and one-
fifth (4.20) per cent per annum on term deposits
and three and one-half (3.50) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Thursday, January 2, 1896.
■ •'■■:'r.- UKO. A. STORY, Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
cii>EgpH?oTrc!£rN^ Cels HIiRETfv r GTvEN
t'--* s^ to the District Attorney of San Francisco
County, that I, the undersigned, intend to apply to
the Honorable S'.ate Board of Prison Directors for
the privilege of being paroled, at a meeting of
the said board to be held at san Quentin on the
11th day of January, 1898. MARY WILSON.
Gf^ppNOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
11*^5^ Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom St., San
Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following half-
orphan -iris from October 1. 1895, to January 1,
1896: Annie Hanimill. 10 years; Jessie Merle
Par. ridge, aged 11 years; Florence V. Spicer. aged
10. years; GeorgieF. Wakeley, aged lOyears; Grace
Hodge, aged 8 years.
jjPip SaMPL K S~FREE AT THE new COS-
ty-p^ metlc Parlors, room 46, 850 Market st.
jjjfc^gp MRS. BOBH, 1035' MARK ST., ROOM
t»^& 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
Bt^> CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
L»-^ Chiropodic Institute, room 22, 906 Market.
jjt^S"' BAD TENANTS "EJECTED FOR $lT
t**& Collections made, city or country. Pacitic
Collection Co., 415 Montgy si., room 6. Tel. 6680.
[jjpjp CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCKSS-
Or-C fully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurline Baths.
D!^g=> windows cleaned AND floors
Q^-^ scrubbed, reasonable rates: payment for
ccn-.ages euaranteed. C. BOSS! <fc CO.. "242 Sutter.
Hr3p BOOMS WHITENED. UP; PAPER-
Bti^xP ni $3 50 ud. Sl7l/2 Third, George Hartman.
Errs* COLLECTIONS; IHNAN'Is EJECTED,
I*-* 7 810: costs wald. 420 Montgomery, rm. 29.
SITUATIONS WAMTKO-FSHALE.
Ct OOK (FIRST CLASS) WISHES SITUATION
\J in a private family; trustworthy and fully com-
petent In every respect; best of reference can be
given; c:ty or country. Apply 1605 Pacific aye.,
cor. I'olk st.
Gi rl LATELY FROM the EAST wants
sltnation ai upstairs work or housework; wages
$15. Ciill at 1600 3 Folsom st.
I/Xil.i.i.KN r LAUNDRESS WISHES SITUA-
J tion in Drivate family: no objection to country.
Address 1015y 2 Larkin st.
pOMPETK.NT .sWKDI'sU GIRL WISHES A
VJ situation to do cooking. 705 Stockton st., near
California; top bell.
V AN ELDERLY WOMAN TO DO HOUSE-
work; city or country. Call or address 314
Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes LIGHT
housework In a family of 2 or 3; small wages.
Address E., box 4, Call Oflice.
KE S P l: C T ABLE NORWEGIAN GIRL
wants situation for upstairs work. Address or
apply 913 Illinois.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO
" X general housework in small private family; no
postals, Call 718 Valencia. _^
I ADY WISHES POSITION Xli HOUSE-
JU keeper; city or country. 19 Turk, room 18.
"y OUNU L.UiY FROM THE EAST "WOULD
JL like position as cashier or saleslady; can give
best of reference. Address T., box 19, Call Oflice.
OWEDISB girl WISHES situation TO
kj do general housework in private family. In-
quire 207 Montgomery uve.
SITUATION wanted by reliable WO-
O iiian io do housework in private family; Isa
! good German cook. Please call or address 1024
Howard st., room 19.
pOOD GIRL WAN ISA situation to as-
VJ" ussist fn housework and take care of children.
('.■ ill or address 336y a Sixth st.
yOUNG Winow WISHES A POSITION AS
J- housekeeper. Call or address 40 McAllister st.,
room 1. -i-y-m-i:
QCAN DIN A V la"n girl WISHES A SITUA-
O tion to do general housework. Addresj 17
Howard st.
i T)ROTKSTANT WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
JL tion to do general housework or chamberwork:
city or country; best of references: call or address
553 Howard si.
0 G I B l.s, 14 a N D 17, W vNT SITUATIONS TO
-J do general housework in respectable families.
Apply 257 Clementina, near Fourth.
J ADY WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
XJ keeper, cbsrye of small lodging-house, or care
01 invalid. Call 212 a Eddy st., top floor, room 41.
I DEBPECTABLE young WOMAN, with
SX child, watnts situation as working hnusekeener,
I or would work in institution; city or country. Ad-
dress 1151 Harrison, near Eighth. .
OITtJ A TIO WANTED BY AN EXPERI-
O ennrd girl for housework: city or country. Ap-
ply 609 ooucii st.
ryuIJ NG LA DV WISHES POSITION as
JL typewriter, stenographer and bookkeeper? ref-
erence; salury no object. Address s. G. M., Call
Branch, 713 LarKin hi.
KTNURSfc;— YOUNG MARRIED WOMAN
will take full charire of infani ; has had best, i.f
experience; will go out; terms moderate. 1456
Minna, bet. Fourteenth and Fifteenth; reference.
"yoUNO GlBfi WISHES SITUATION TO DO
■*- light housework and care of children; sleep
home. Call or address 1131 Twenty-sixth st.
ERMAN GIRL WANTS A PLACE FOR
vT cooking and general housework for Alameda.
708 Halght aye., Alameda, near Webster St.
ASTERN YOUNG LADY OF REFINE-
ment would like position a3 houseiceeper. Call
963 Mission St., room 9. •
E DISH AND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
oilice, 11% Antonia St., opp. Jones, near Ellis.
DRESSMAKER, FIRST CLASS. WILL At?
SJ cept engagements in families or take woric at
home; suits $3 up: by the day, ijil 25 and car fare.
848 Folsom ht.
U'llKK ANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
'» woman; hou-1 or boarding-house preferred.
Room 37. 322 Tnird st.
LA DIES' AND IiENTLKMEN'S REPAIRING
neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market, r. 21. 1
pOMPETENT GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
\J situation to do general housework; good cook-
cl:y references. Call 11 Polk st.
' VU I N C H EBTER Hoi} SE,~44 THIRD ST.. NR.
" Market; electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per
week free pus to and from the ferry.
3 ECONOMICAL, RESPKCTABTTe WOMAN
•J with 2 children wishes position as working
housekeeper; wages no ohject: good home pre-
ferred. MRS. M ILLER, 27 Oak si.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN " WISHES WORK
J-t by the day; washing, ironing and house-clean-
lug. 783_Haight at.
X\r IDO \V~OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI-
o ** tlon in lodging-house or small family. Apply
230 Turk st. ■
or ng LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
-i- nouaekeeper. Address 2460 Folsom st.
"V" OUNG LADY WANTS POSITION as
J- housekeeper: also a dressmaker: will take
work home: very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
LADY WOULD LIKE positu^oF"house"-
keeper or plain sewing. 144 Fifth st., room 6.
"yOUNG MARRIED LADY WISHES A POSI-
J- tlon as chambermaid or housework by the day
can give reference. Address L. F., box 122, Call.
SITU ATJON3 WANTED- Continued.
pULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CER-
KJ tiflcate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology and music; unexcep-
tional references. Call or address J. E., care of Sher-
man, Clay <fe Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE^
J keeper or ofllce work. 501 Post St., room 25,
eecoad Hoor. .
-yOUNG LADY WISHES PLACE AS HOUSE-
JL keeper. Room 5, 203 Powell st.
\\riNCHESTEP. HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to Rl 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week : convenient and respectable;
tree bus to and from the ferry. - '■'. ■• -t
SITUATIONS \VA.NHiU-l\IALl;'.
PC. G. CO^olc^S^mr^UPK^LTK^T^k^TALL
.branches: short notice. i 4 Geary. jteLGrant 46.
HI'NTI-Tr <t CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment oflice, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
HINESE AND JAPANESE HELP— E ST. 20
CtHINESE AND JAPANESE HELP— KST. 20
J years: tel. 1997. BRADLEY'S, t>4o Clay st.
IJURBT-CLASS MEAT COOK FROM EASTERN
: coast desires situation: strictly sober and good
hustler; first-claas place preferred. Address look,
box 100, Call Oflice. -
TOELIABLE YOUNG MAN WITH BANKING
JLv experience wants position in oflice or Aore.
Address G., box 77, this oilice.
EXPERIENCED CLOAK SALESMAN IS OPEN
JU for engagements. Address H. P., box 17, Call.
INGLE MAN; MUST HAVE WORK SCRUB-
bing, cleaning, whitewashing, garden work;
willing to make himself useful. Address S. Jl.,
box 76, Call Oflice. .
y OUNG MAN WISHES a SITUATION AS AN
JL apprentice in a tailor-shop: hus some knowl-
edge of the trade. Address S., box 76, Call Oflice.
YOUNG MAN THE BARBER BUSINESS
JL would like a place to work; wages fair; will
start In Monday morning without fa 1. Address
8., box 19. this oflice. .
"V OUNG MAN WOULD LIKE POSITION IN
JL lodgin -house as clerk; experience and refer-
ence furnished. Address Clerk, box 76, Call.
DANISH COUPLE, MAN AND WIFE:
young, practical people: want situations in the
city or country. \ddress 1211 v 3 Busb st.
y OUNG MAN (26) DESIRES A POSITION AS
JL bookkeeper: has a good knowledge of book-
keeping; best of reference. B. X.. box 10, Call.
y OUNG MAN (21) UNDERSTANDS THE !
J. grocery business; also the care of horses: de- ,
sires position in that Hue, or anj-thlng else, here or
elsewhere. Address C. 8., box 49, this otlice.
Ci t CATION ~ WANTED BY A YOUNG man j
O as clerk In hotel or store or barkeeper; from
fine family; speaking French, Spanish, Italian and
English: good recommendations giveu. Address
S. R., box 69, this oflice.
JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS COOK WANTS
''situation in family; city orcouutry. Address
F. 0., 617 Mission st.
TEADY, J!KLIa!;LE YOUNG MAN WISHES
O to leuru baker's trade. Address E. \V., box 8,
this oilice.
-y OUNG MAN WANTS A POSITION AS BAR-
JL tender or groceries; first-class references;
speaks German and English; low wages. Address
F., box 21, this oflice.
1~ ENG I N RT STEAM-FITTK R~AND RK-
pairer want? position; six years last place. Ad-
dress J. M. P.. 44 Third at., room 26.
■yOUNG MAN (GERMAN) WANTS A POSI-
JL tlon as driver; h'rst-clas^ rcfarence; either de-
livery or milk-wagon; well acquainted In city. Ad-
dress 3a Eddy st.
WAN i'ED— SITUATION TO TAKE CARE
'»of gentleman place, do gardening; handy
with tools; can milk; references. J. S. 1.., ddx 7,
Call Office.
Q ITUATION WANTED— AS WAITER OR
0 dishwasher by a reliable, steady man: speaks
ITcnch and English. Room 13, 1412 Powell st.
■y oung manTwelleducated AND with
i- good references, wishes to drive a delivery
wagon or work hs a night watchman. Address Y.
R., box 79, Call Oflice.
V\r ANTED -POSITION AS COLLECTOR: SAL-
'i ary or commission; well acquainted in thecity;
good references. Please address Collector, box 60,
Call Office-.
■y OUNG SWEDE WISHES TO TAKE CHARGE ,
J- of gemleman's place; cltv or country. Inquire
CHAS. WALLER, 101 MoatgomiTy st.
C ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
to of 20 years of cood education and manners;
wages no object. Address A. F. P.. 2913 Folsomst.
TEADY YOUNG MAN (GERMAN) wishes
1-3 situation; understands porter work; business
or private house; references on hand. AddreajA.
ACKKRMAN. National Ho.el, 512 Rush -r.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
TRTslT?TniL7jTsw7sTr7?63K7N7irs2X^MTss
JL CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
¥>ROTESTANT SECOND GIRL, $30, SHORT
JL distance: housework, Oakland, $25; Berkeley,
$25; San Rafael, $25, and other towns: 10 young
girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
HAMBERMAID AND LAUNDRESS, $30:
\J Oakland; good place. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st. j
ERMAN ~OR SCANDINAVIAN NURSE; 2
VT children 3 and 5 years: San Joie; $20. MISS
CULLEN, 105 Stockton St.
HOUBKWORK GIRL, OAKLAND. «20: GOOD
place. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
ECOND GIRL, OAKLAND. $25: BURLIN-
O game, $25: cook, $25: 5 second girls, city, $20
and $15; nurse, $25; girls of all nationalities can
secure reliable situations of all kinds by applying
to MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
EAT young GIRL LIGHT WORK, $15. 2
-L> In family: French nursery coverness. $25:
French second girl, $20: chambermaid and wait-
ress, Protestant, Alameda, i?2O. MISS CULLEN,
105 Stockton s;.
HOUSEWORK GIRL, '£ IN FAMILY. $30,
good place. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
/ IRL OR WOjIAN AS COMPANION AND
*JT assist light housework, $10. MISS CULLEN,
105 Stockton st. :• ■ - /
OGE li M A N SECOND GIRLS, CITY, $20l
O neat American second girl and sew, $20; young
American housework woman for Benicia, $20; 4
German housework girls. $20, and a number of neat
young women for numerous other places. C. K.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
t WAITRESSES TO START, MIDDLE OF
O month, Southern California; $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN A- CO., 110 <ieary st. '
7 > OOK, COUNTRY HOT $S6; COOK FORA
\J resort near city, $35; cook for springs, $30 to
$35: waitress, country hotel, free tare, $17 50:
waitress, small country hotel, $15; chambermaid
and waitress, hotel near city, see party here, $IL.
c. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
TTIRENCH SEC< D(i 1 R i, " $20. CV R. HAN-
J ' SEN >v CO., 110 Geary st.
SC AN DIN A V OR NORWEGIAN GIRL Of.
k J middle-aged woman for housework on ranch;
family of 2: fare paid. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
WANTED-GERMAN, FRENCH OR SCAN-
'» dlnavian cook, no wash, $30; waitress and
purlor maid, $20; 3 German and French second
girls and nurses. $20: 2 cooks, private boarding-
house.s. 5 and $30; cook, German style, $2f»;
chambermaid, plain washing. $15; nnrsory gov-
erness. $25, and girls of all nationalit for cook-
ing and housework in city and country. J. F.
CKOSETT * CO., 312 Sutter St.
r.A GIRLS AND WOMEN can OBTAIN
tt\-> work from $15 to $40 per month and found,
city or country, at MUKKAY & R.ADY'S, b34
and 636 Clay st.
OOKS, CHAMBERMAIDS. WAITRESSES
' second girls, ranch cooks, girls for housework,
etc. MURRAY <fc READY, fi34 and 636 Clay st.
\\T ANTED-SWEDISH COOK, 980; SWEDISH
' ' cook and second girl, same place, country. $20
each: American cook. $-'5; chambermaid and
washing. 815; second girl, private, housework,
$16. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
piIAMBERMAID, OAKLAND, $20; NURSE-
\J slrl, San Jose, $20: 2 second glr s. city. .*_'();
4 houseairls, $15, $2'J and $26: cook. $25; girl to
wait at (able, plain Doarding-house, $15: 2 girls to
g) together on ranch, $20 each. 315 Sutter st.
p IRL, 2 IN FAMILY, ALAMEDA, $25; GIRL,
VJT 3 In family, Newman, $25. see lady at 9: miil-
dle-aced seamstress, assist, $15: 4 housegirls. $25:
ranch cook for me;i, Napa, $15: 10 girls, $15 and
$20; girls call. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
\\r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS SWET) ISH^COok]
*" $30: first-class ruerond girl for country, $25:
German nursery governess, $25: first-class Ger-
man cook, $30; 10 housework girls, $15, $20 and
$25. Apply MISS K. PLUNKETT, 424 auttcr.
WANTED— YOUNG GEKMAN GIRL TO AS-
'» sibt with housework in a small family; smail
wash. Address 11. 8., box 3, Call Ofllce, Oakland.
p lUL, UNDERSTANDS PLAIN COOKING
*J" and assist housework; small family. 1319 a
Kdd>; st. '
\ OUNG GIRL FORGENERAL HOUSEWORK-
JL no cooking. 1417 Geary st.
\\T ANTED— DRESSMAKER BY THE DAY.
Jrf 671 Twentieth st.
WAITRESSES FOR COUNTRY DANCjE-
'' hall. Apply 35 Taylor St.. room 1.
G1 IRL. ABOUT 14, WANTED FOR HOUSE-
r work.' 212 Twelfth st.
\\r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS TAILORESS FOR
_'' coats; apply early. 11. DAVIS, 457 Jessie st.
GIRL ABOUT 16 TO LEARN HAIKDRESS-
Ing. 104 Powell st.
GI TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK; 2IN
f family: wages $10. 213 Powell st. *
GERMAN GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
VT work. 936 Fifteenth st., bet. Noe and Casiro.
V\r OMAN TO DO GENERAL UOUSEWOkK"-
_'» sleep home; wages sl6. 108 Ninth at.
p IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE\VOKK,SB. c a n d
VJ store, 1516 Devisadero st.
yOUNG GIRL WANTKD TO ASSIST IV
i- light housework; must sleep at home; German
preferred ; $10. Call at 2 1 Pierce st.
GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK!
\J good home 801 Hayes st.
OLD WOMAN TO DO GENERAL HOUSe"-
work; man preferred. 547 Howard at.
Y^g^^^o^ KAMILY; 1555
OUSEKEEPER, AT 16T0 ANTON ST.,
Alameda. :
OEAUTY CULTURE. HAIRDRESSINO, MAN-
-1» leure parlors; all branches tauuht thoroughly;
terms moderate^ frfe to our agents. Carmel Cos-
metic Co., 131 Post st.
nKLPJVAJJTED- Contlnn«d.
TYTANTED— A GERMAN GIRL FROM 16 TO
J ' 18 years to assist in housework. Apply 1123
Steiner st.
0' UR FALL CLOSING-OUT SALE FROM NOW.
\J N. Y. Suit H6nse, 1210 Market st.
PUP I LS WANTED NOW FOR MILLINERY;
X new term begina -lan. 6, 1896. 234 Taylor st.
r*ONCEBT, OPERA-POTPOURRI, fiIVE.V BY
\J Vocal Teacher Joseph Greven. In Odd Fellows'
Hali, on the Bth of January. 1896; tickets 50c, au-
miiting gentleman and lady: forsaleat the promi-
nent music and other stores. i
H'~ AIRDRESSING, 26c AXD 3&c: MORNING
and ev'g classes; 10 lessons,f ] 50. 1248 Mission.
SEE $7 50 ALL-WOOL TAILOR SUri r
0 lined. New York Suit House, 1210 Market st.
TARESS-OUrTING T \ v> ; ttT, U. S. TAILOR
I > system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
OST CONVENIENT RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Thin! St., near Market-
LOO rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 £0 to $6 per
week; free bus to and irom the ferry.
WANTED— YOUNG LADIES TO LEABN A
'» complete cource In millinery; will guarantee
them positions in spring; rates reasonable. Call at
the New Institute, 121 Post si., room 51.
"UTHTCHESTEB HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in very room- 200
rooms: 25c to SI 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: fw»e bus to und irom the ferry.
T AWRENCE PATTEBN HOUSE— DREjjS-
cutting school. 1231 Market bet. Sth and 9'.h.
"PUPILS : WANTED: POSITIONS GUAItAN-
X teed : patterns 25c up- late3t skirts 35c. McDOW-
ELL'S liressmakini; Academy. 213 Powell st.
J' ADIES TO SEl.l. MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
J i 3 the best. c. KKRTKLL. San Mat.-o.
HALE UKLI' WA>IKD.
T\r ANTED— BUTLEK, AND WIFE AS COOK;
»» French boy to help in lodgine-house. $15 to
$20; German boy, private family, $10 and found;
meat cook, $50 : German cook In a coffee-house,
$50, etc. LEON ANDKE, 315 Stockton St.
MOBBIS, assistant COOK— PLEASE BE-
ll port. C. R. HANSEN fc CO., 110 Geary st.
FRY COOK, KESTAURANTTCITY, 555; SEC-
ond cook, restaurant, city; restaurant butcher,
$50: second cook, country hotel. $35: second cook,
hotel, city, $35; oyster opener, $30; colored porter,
country hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110
Geary St.
TBONEB, COUNTRY LAUNDBY, $30 AND
-1 found; German florist, $25, California experi-
ence. C. R. H ANSEN <S CO., 110 Geary st.
p; PRUNERS. $20; 3 FARMERS; PORTER
*J and pantryman. $20; 2 choreboys. $18; 3
cooks, $30 arid $40: sausage-maker. $30, found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CIAKE-BAKER. COUNTRY, $30 AXD FOUKD;
> cabin-boy, $15: 2 farmers, $10: teamster and
wife, $30. .B.T. WARD & CO., 6CB and 810 Clay.
"WANTED— BU ii.. $35; COOK, PRIVATE
'» boarding-house, $35; ranch cook, $15; neat
youiiK restauraut waiter, and others. ' Apply to
J. F. CBOSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
CIOMPETENT MARKER FOR LAUNDRY.
\J HOTEL CAZK'I TE, 420 Kearny st.
Energetic:, COMPETENT, EXPERIENCED
grocery salesman, accustomed to do both retail
and wholesale trade, is wanted for a large firm in
Arizona: also 3 smart, bright boys, from 13 to 16,
lor positions with larae mercantile establishments,
to grow up in the business, in this city. United
States Industrial Agency, room lt!7, Crocker
building.
PERIENCED shipping clerk : must
JLj bo well acquainted with the city and surround-
ings and furnish unquestionable reference- bonds
required. Address N. V., box 164, Call Ofllce.
BO V, ABOUT 18 YEAHS OLD. TO LEARX A
mercantile business: must reside with parents.
Address, stating references. X., box 22, < all Office.
"WANTIfn-STEADY MAN WHO WILL LOAN
»» partner in bakery f 175; good position to right
man ; do triners. Address W., box 77, Call.
\l r ANTED- i"i RST-< -LASS CORN ET-PL AY E
»» for United States flagship Philadelphia. Take
pier 12 launch.
OY TO DELIVER MILK WITH WAGON TO
1 ' few customers. MR.3. CUNNINGHAM, Silver
aye., off Mission road.
DE A MEN FO I : EUROPE, NEW YORK AND
0 Australia. 103 Montgomery aye.
RANCH COOK; GOOD BUTTER-MAKER. AD-
diesa M. M.. box 13, Call.
Y"(H"NG MAN OVER 18; WINE AND
x ilquor store. Address W. N., box 6, Call.
\\T ANTED^GOOD RESTAURANT WAITER.
'» '/04 Fourth st.
"YOUNG BUTCHER WANTED. 326 DEVISA-
X dcro st.
ANDY MAN WITH ENGINE • LATHE;
wages $2. Apply 14 Fremont St., Ba. m.
GOOD BARBER WANTED. DEVISADERO
VJT st., near Oak.
DHOEMAKKB WANTED ON REPAIRING";
O. steady work. 662 Mission st.
"ANTED— CLERK FOR GROCERY. POST
'" and Laguna.
WANTED— KELIABH3 MAN as PARTNER
»' in Krocery and bar: must have R4OO cash; no
risk. JOHNSTON, 26y 3 Kearny st.
rPHE RALLROAD HOUSE, 533 COMMERCIAL
X st.. below Montgomery— rooms 15c night.
25c for two; leu and cleanest house in town.
ARBER- SHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING
3 chairs. 8 iy g Fourth st.
"W ANTED— HONEST, STEADY MAN AS
»' partner in paying restaurant, to attend cash
counter and assist generally: $200 required. Ap-
ply 6 Sacrameato st., opp. terry.
rpiroßouoii business lady WANTS
X partner in old established restaurant; no triners
need apply. 632 Market st., room 8.
WANTED— EN E I E Til' YOUNG OR MID-
'" die-aged man; permanent employment; must
have $40 cash. C. D., box 60, Call Office.
\V'ANTED— 2 PRACTICAL MINERS WITH
» ' $125 each to prospect a gravel mine. Address
Miner, box 27, Call Office.
1 (10 MEN TO GET A SHAVE; SC: CLEAN
X \J\J towel to each; bay rum free: hair cut, 10c;
fiist-elass workmen. 14Vb Montgomery aye.
EST MEAL o.N EARTH; WELL COOKED: 8
courses, 10c at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth
ACTIVE, RELIABLE MAN, GOOD SALES-
■ri- man and canvasser for traveling. 620 Clay.
"]\|AN WHO CAN LOAN EMPLOYER $300
can have good-paying position in general mer-
chandise s:nre. Address box 255, Lodl, Cal.
WHAT CHEER HOUSEr629"SACRAMENTO
" st.: 200 rooms', best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a niKht, $1 a week: meals 10c.
ARBERS, ATTENTION J-THK EMPLOY
meut ofllce of the Barbers' Association of Cali-
fornia will be found until further notice witn P. C
H AMA.NN. 238V3 O'Farrell st; don't be mislead
by other advertisements. J. KLITCH, President.
V\T A -\ TED-MEN WITH BMA LI. CAPITAL
»» In good paying business; stand rigid investi-
gatlon. Call at room 10, 850 Market st., from 10
to 9 o'clock. .'- •_,.•;;
V I W WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
-Li Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night. ;..,-.■
1 00 MEX To GET ANY DRINK AXD HOT
X\J\J lunch, 5c New Jersey Saioon, 65 Fourth st.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALX. SEC-
retary Barbers'Asso.. 325 Gran; aye. B.FUCHS.
WAXTED-MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVK
" their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection; nocharge unless successful
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY. 110 Suiter, r. 4.
j LEARN A TRADE- LA DIKS AND GEXTLK-
-U men studenis wanted; only 8 weeks required-
tools given, write for catalogue. San Francisco
Barber College, 116 Eleventh s:.
I W INOHBSTKB HOUSE, 44 TH IRD ST., NEAP.
I »» Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a ui;;ht; rc-adluir-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
TJOSEDALE HO USE732I ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
Xt furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
Illft MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT IUC, loc
i,Y p. nd 20c a night, including coffee aud rolls.
624 ashington st., near Kearny.
Al' ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
' ' steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. .*<•. 609 Clay st.
\\ ' ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY- il
» » week: rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week-
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
AIEN'S SOLING 50c: LADIKV 40c; DONE
-I.TX while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
i\l^" S OES HALF-SOLED 40c, LADIES
i^l 35c; done in 10 minutes. 959 Howard at.
T INDELI. HOUSkTsIXTH-AND HOW'ARD-
x-i single fcrnished rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
I EAKN A TRADE—SIGN OB PICTOBrAT
iE^Y 11^ 11 « tan 111 $5; jtreat opportunity. D.
L,b.\ \ , .-is Eighth st.. San Francisco.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-* ment secretary. CONBAD TROELL. 657cia>.
\V ANTED— LAEOREBS AND MECHAViri
VV ,o .know that Ed Kolkin Beno HouseVriprV*
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third it ™ 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $S per week.
T^REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS O B 5c-
.1 also a bottl »of lager, sc, at 687 Clay st.
MOZART. 319 ELLIS, ROOMS 26C to 60C
m night, $1 25 tow week; reading rooms °°^
"CIBBK COFFEE AND KOLLS. 7O4fiA\snMp"
X single rooms 15c, 20c a Dtghtj 51, week
BEST IN ClTi-SIN(SLK BOOMS, 18. 20 AND
v ?h C « ntl per nlK!i: ' 81 ' » l 25 - »1 B0 Vr weeK.
taclacHousa .Commercial ami _Leldesdorff st*
400 ME '^' SKWiXD-HAN DKD»HOES.SOaUS
ttUlf nearly new, 8octo»] 25. 562 Mission st.
-i low Bixth. tot a room; 25c a night: 51 a week
x low bixth. for a room: 25c a night: !»1 a week.
T5£ T .°£Ji machine FOR repair:
O ing .shoes: call alld see; half-soled in 15 mln-
.nShfnor W e ' V 0 Wail: all repairing done by
LmpS ° &> a A ' 1 , n?pairin » » c »«»lf price:, w^ork guar^
anteed. 5b2 Mission et.. bet. First and Second.
AOENis WANTKD. "~ "~~~
F2?Sii T S A Y, E1 ' IKO SAUBSMBH WANTED
-L to sell all kinds of ridinn vehicles, scales re-
cjggg^nlldlnT"" lly alemed nOVeU ' eS -
ALII. >X N 1 a MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
y wants eood agents to work its accident and
\-Nii'v?" ce: liberal Inducements offered. J
v> . 11ANN A Secretary, Murphy building.
~~~
PKOPKKTY WANTED
PROPERTY WANTE^^CJHETp^COR^rER
J- business property; $3000 to $20,000: give net
UTcTmoffiU 0011110111 noa^nts. inveafor. bo.^l
PERSgy „-•} " ■
EL^ERIIY^GE^TTIIE^mN^wTjFLD LIKE TO
form the'acouaintance of an eldPrly lady; ob-
-1 ject, companionship. .Address Companion, box'
118, Call Ofllce. : '
T)ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAUAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration reopens. Monday,
January 6. lor particulars aadresa or apply 424
Piue at.' • ■ ' . . .- > •
"W ALL PA PER CLE.A >'Ei) BY NEW LIGHT-
•'» nfng process; no muss or- dirt. Address
LOUIS E. SCHOLL, National Wall Paper Clean-
in? Co., 207 Montgomery St. : . •
r A' DViCE ,' FREE; DIVOBCE AND PROBATE
A laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice an!
Police Courts: tejms rea.-H>nable: collections, etc, U.
j W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 860 Market; cor. Stockton.
AIR-'f >KE<s I N: i' any styTe-,-25c, \V A VI N(
included: e-xce!lent switches and front pieces
forsl: hair chains mide- to order from S2 50 up;
strictly one price; established 1869. 11l Stockton
st. B.. SPITZ, G. LEDEBKB succfsaor.
MRS. t»R. PA VI, MBY E R, THE " BEST
l'l beauty doctor in the city, has removed from
I 504 Sutter.st.-to 1219 Polk, near Sutter. . -
E. PHILLIPS,: GENERAL PRACTICE IN
. U.-.8. and State courts; cfamace cases. Offices,
725-726 Spreckels btiildluß. 927 Market St. ■
CVOME.-HAVE YOUR tEA IHKK BKDS. PlL-
_ > lows filled. 870 -Mission, cor. sth. O. McCABE.
<J|»l A ROOM; UARPtTo . LEANED ON THE
<pX floor. 206 LeaTenworth st, • ■
ELECTBIC LIGHTS in EVEB ? ROOM— WI.V-
-XJ chtster House, 44 -Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry. .
MRS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
Ypsllanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jams I'mlerwear: ober Corsets for stout rlgues.
i Sole agent- for Equipoise Waists. Jennes Mi'.ler
goods and Gertrude baby outfits: great reductions:
I send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
! SUPERFLUOUS HAIR REMOVED PEBMA-
yj nently by our new treatment without sliKhtedt
! injury to the skin; snperlor to electric needle:
I write for particulars to the Curtis Co.. dermatolo-
I gists, Chicago. Free trials civea, and sold at La
Verite's Toilet Bazaar, 30 Kearny s:., San Fran-
cisco. . .
HICKS' DETECTIVE AGENCY— A DDRESS-
es located; experienced arid triea men for
city and country; watchmen and guides furnished ■
j Information and advice strictly confidential. Call
I or write HICKS, 610 Spreckeis bldg, 927 Market 3t
! "VTEW PROGRESSIVE WINDOW AN 1) HOUSE
-Li cleanlns <o. : floors scrubbed contracts -day wk
or mo. F. CARXOVAL & Co.. Eddy. tel. 5.25-J.
I/or FINE poultry and game go fo A
X BTBASSEB, 78 and 79 Center Market. ■'
LA VERITE HAIRDRESSIXG PARLolig
moved, to 30 Kearny st. (over Maskey's) ; wigs
I switches, doll wigs, to oraer.
TOHN SMITH. HAS REMOVED TO 827-323
t) Sutter si., between Stockton st. and <.r., . aye.,
j where the Best of coal can be had at 'lowest rric«"i!
ONE MOKE CUT— . ~ i
Oak Koll Top Desks. $14 to 535
I Oak Chiffoniers From $10iin
Oak Bed Sets fl7 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums. :3Qcup
Stoves and Ranges. ..'.:.. ..;...■..... ....'.■.. 53 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything. • ■
Cash or time payments- .• ; .- J. NOONAX, •
1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St., abo\. SUth.
1' JH3YPTIAN HENNA. $1; HAIRDYE, V'hk'.
J-i fectly harmless. Langley-Michaels'Co.; all
chemists: Hubbard's 923, Hauptli's. ! 1.1 Market.
IBERAL ADVANCES ON J)IAMOXDs/JEW-
JLj elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market at.
1 l\t\l\ BUSINESS ■Al'.lis, . SI 60: TELE--
-IUUU phone "Btack 141." HILL.724' Market.
! UITS MADE TO "..ORDER OF ~ELEG a'nt
O remnants for $10: samples r.nd self-mea»ure-
men on application. LEOX LEMOS, Merchant
Tailor, 1332 Market st., San Francisco.
QECOND-HAND AS WELL AS ITEW BARS,
O showcases, counters, sbeivings, . mirrors, deski,
»afes. chairs, scales, etc., and a vory large stock of -
-1 them, too; be sure and see sock and get prices be- .
• foregoing elsewhere. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission St., abovejSixtb^ ...
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGTiT AXD SOLD
store Jlxtnres, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
j etc. : cheap. Yard 11 66 Mission St., near Eighih.
! «D; 1 O SUITS TO ORDERt SAMPLE BY MAIL
I «Ipl— NEUHAUS.:Merchant Tailor. 115 Kearny
CILOAKti, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 . Sansome st.. npsta
LD GOLD, 81LV EB, GENTS AND LADIKd
ciothine borctr. coI. MAN'. 41 Third 3-..
. i>lti.s."sJ>lAtvlil«-i:
SUTTS $3 V sIcIR^tTt^cTchTIDREN'S S UITS
$1 up. 659 Stevenson st. ; tit guaranteed.
"DROFESSOR LIVINGS! ttX'S : I)RESS-CUT-
X ting school removed to 627 Larkin st. ■
RESSES CUT AM > FITTED, f 3: DPE6SES
popular prices: engagements day. 11 Gearr.
A IRVOVA..NTS. ;• -. •
~—^-_ ~ t^t-
A PROF. F. Eugene, . '
1728 market st. v". .
health,. WE LTH : " .-.
and. HAI'i'INESS
I for all who consult him.- Remember Prof. Eußpn«
j is permanently located in San Francisco: ja;:
I to call; letters, with stamps answered.
I 1728 M;ir . St. '■•: •
ROF. LEON, PALMIST, CLAIRVOYANT,
. has wonderful power: will convince you when
I others tatl. 533 Post st., 9to 8; also Sunday..
FBE SENT, PAST AND FUTURE, 25c.' MME.
XLEGGETTE, 311 Tehama St., near Fourth. •
ME. STEWART, GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
and cardreader. seventh daughter of the-sev-
enth-daughter, has returned to her old rooms in
san Francisco; ladles and gents 50c; call as once
as she is going East aoou. 917 Market s:., parlors
8 and 4. • - .
MM E. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
er by eggs aud cards; tells entire life, pasf,
present, future: consultations 0n ..a1l affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice :•' snr«
help: restores lost love by sympathy; miijtalieira-
possible; fee %1 : letter $2. 829 Post St., nr. barkin.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER 1 ROM
the cradle to the grave. 1 arlor 2. 865 y Market.
MME. MOBEAU, BEST MEDIUM; Ki;\E.\l.s
Dast, present and t'ulur«:2sc up. 764 Howar.: si.
UGUSTA LEOLA.- FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches torrune tellinK:
develops clairvoyanc?. slate writing, etc. : has the
seven ho.y seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr.' Twentieth.
MME. RAVENNA. SITTING*" DAILY:
names given, Vsc up: systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 Howsid. :. ;. ".'
EST CLAIRVOYA.NTAND CARD READER
on earth; ladles and gents, 25c. • 20.6 Fourth si.
pLAIRVOYANT. — CARD READING,. 50c.
\J 406 Octavia st. : forhierly 128 Turk- st.
1 »^~—^— — —^»^— i^^— —
SFIfiITtiALISM.
I ,_ . 'S
AWONDEBFUL POWER . OVKR DISEABEj
Mrs. Dr. W. Marandas' revealed medicines:
never fail in rheumatism, payalysis.-fits and ai;
nervous diseases, etc. If you cannot call and
i see this wonderful medium, write and- inclose a
I lock of hair and $1 for a correct diagnosis, of- your
disease: true life reading. ■ i:>Jli.. Market, opp.
Van Ness aye.. San Francisco, Cal'." , ; •; ! ' '■'
Ml'.S. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIKVOYAN 1
trHnce medium: sittings $1. '318 Stoclarih *:.
LOST.
OST— HORSE, BUGGY AND' HaY.
XJ from in front Of 1-Sutter St.: <lark bay home,
recently clipped, 15 to 18 hands Mi:li, heavY b;iil,i,
weighs about H5O lbs: has sca^ above forward
hoof, caused by barbed wire: three-spring business
buggy, high lH7.y-back. >uitable reward ,f rotfirnfi
to Golden Gate Lumber Company. 4 siutter st.
TOST — A PASSBOOK WITH~THEIIIBERNIA
■iJ Savings and loan society of -an Frnncisco.
j in the name of MBS. ALICE J. COSGROVE, Xo.
j 191.691. The finder will please return to bank.
lOST— A PASSBOOK WITB THE. HIBERXIA
J Savings and Loan Society of San-. Francisco in
I the name of ELLEX NYHAN: No. 198,099* The
tinder will please return to bank.
LOST— COAT ANH OVEBI RE-
ward if returned to The Oberoh, o'Farr.ell st.
DECEMBEB 28, YELLOW ST.BKRXARD
dog: named Dick; suitable reward. 1321 H»r-
I rison st. , •■.;.--.•.'..■
OST— Ct OLD LOCKET, KAHKKT KOKMf
J moDosrara C. X. : liberal reward. 1614 Market.
FOUND.
F6rND-COwT~JUST CALVED. o\V N i R
call 524 I"dinimst.. I'otrero. •
FINA-NCIAL. ..
PERSONS WHO WANT 4 TO 7 TER CENT
X interes a yeor on their money should conauli
I. w. ENTZ <fc co.. 401 California st.
NT SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate; lowei;
rate; call and statoyour proposition or write; opaa
evtuiniji. J. NOONAN. 1021 Mission at,
PBT9ICIA2TB. • . . ■
DR.A.DE LUCIS.PHYSICN-SURGEON.P.OYAL
Unlyerslty Turln.ltaly. Nucleus bl.isr,66l.Markt
\fRS. DR. PABLOWJ CHIROPODIST. T26
Kearny, nn. 47, hrs. 11 to 5; res; St. Nicholas.
DEMOVJSD— DB. C. C. O'DONNELL to 120H
XV Market St.: diseases of women a specialty..
TYPEWHITIiKS ANO SUPPL.IKS.
"\rO. 3 CALKiRAPH TYPEWRITER; ALMI'M
i-* new; splendid condition: will sell cheap tor
cash. J. N.. Oakland Call Ofllce. • •. '
SIiWINO SIACHIXKS.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD* EXCHANGED,
rented, repaired; lowest rates. * 21* Fourth st.
OFFICE WAN'TJISD. .
ESiTI^M^VANTe'd " IN '" ESTABLISIIE D
ottice by stenographer. Address E 0 , box
109. Call cilice. : ■ .._■-.,
WANTHD-JlisL^LA^KilHiliti
UaXIONS MII.X W ! N i I!) J) \FLV ; BUBI
I U pay. Leave order Third and .Howard s.ts.
WANTED-YOUR WATCH. IF IT XE.EDS
'» repairing: best work at half tha regular price.
j DEUSS. watchmaker. l-'U Kearny st., third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JRW"
elry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth sti; send postal.KtTSINKSS CT?l>'«T.>.
To RUY sellor KXCHANGE \ BUSINESS
lof ny kind. see SI HA Nl> A CO.. 45 I ■■••! St.
Qi^r-.i\ RKSTAI RAN l near- Market
• _»)''. St.- ccmhl trB<le: creap rent; must aell
this week. RAN D, 45 Third st. \
.-.-,» SALOON: 1 VALUKi IN STOCK; FIX-
OOOU. tiires: luffle-board. STRAND, 45 3d.
f«_- bnn*4*'O( >i > ' \N!> COAL YARD, NEAR
>.iU(I. Market.; pays well. STRAND. 45 3d.
.i-- BRANCH BAKERY, 5" ROOMS;
> I I t). -ood trade: bargain; STRAND, 45 3d.
" <■;. .1-.. i.tiMCJ-.uV -Ni' BAR:BARGAI N
\.f if sold this week. STRAND. 45 Third st.
C' ; >ymn wnol ' Ks^ COMMISSION MER-
O_.\*Ul'» hunt of «oo<l standinx and repnta-
tion w«nts rarui.T. in ' produce and commission
house: x-o:itrols large traile fronj nil points of the
PacifiaCoaßt: critiui openinc for some industrious
man; (taarauiee rteair S'.'OO month: chance in a
lifetime. STENBEKGATKE-IBEH. t>:-'J Market st.
HANra*O_ELY : FITTKD UP RKSTAUR-NT
.•and bakery*, heart ol city; » very best chance
•or trailo; rtce p: s I i'J.'» dally; suitable for two per-
". sons; owner luis otlirr br.sint-ss; compelled- in sac-
rifice: will exchange for real estate. STENBERG
TKEIBER. 632 .Miirket St.
<I 1 II) K x T A RARE CHANCI 5X-
O-l 1 y'\'. loon: cne of the most elecant m city;
three doors oi Market: cash register, piano in-
<liit|.d: a<';,i.,l clft at $2000: >c.> it: make offer.
!•?! I M?!-'.!;<; « TREIBER, Market.
,£• H Hit. li LIQUOR-SIQKE; GOOD
O •'■■''■'• location: transfer point; genuine bar-
cain: given away n taken before ilrst of year: <-;iil
to-day. STENBERG it rRKIBER. «32 Market st.
<-'~.(k CIGAR BTORE NKAK BALDWIN:
• „ '}t)\f. invoice stock. STENBERG <te TREI-
, BE H, '.. . Market it-
<*>n/\ BESTAI'RANT; CITY FRONT;
'- —•'* '• must be sold in 3davs. Apply at once.
sTKNBERU & TREIBER, ti3'2 Market st.
< i-Sfk RESTAURANT. FINELY. FITTED;
r3'±i)\J. No. 1 location; livuig-rooms furnished;
low rpnt; great bargain. BARRETT SKIFF,
uSSVfr Market st.
iXXf) FIRST-CLASS HOME BAKERY.
CO""- with all-counter trade of $16 to $'20 per
day.; No. 1 location; living-rooms furnished; tria!
given. BARRETT <fc SKIFF, 565i 2 Market st.
<')*,( I WOOD AND COAL YARD; FULL
tj..—OV/. value in stock and fixtures; no rent;
snap. BARRETT _ SKIFF, BUSV4 Market st.
<"i|il PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT
' %J\J\J% business; carried on by present owner
over 14 years; trade of the leading mercantile \
houses of the city: business to be enlarged and pays
now $SOto $100 a mouth each; this is worth inves-
tigating; experience not necessary. JOHNSON*
CO.. 2C j Kearny st.
<3*Q£A FINE SALOON; FINK FIXTURES:
•_ i)»/Vf. large stock-at a sacrifice or, account of
sickness; part cast). JOHNSTON, "t'Vit Kearn}-.
sJVr.K BUYER V\ IBH 1 TO 1N ' E»T ABOUT
»^ $1000 in paying: business. Pan es desiring to
sell address JOHNSTON. 26'- .j Ceuny st.
<5_ *-} r -./i PARTNER WAN )IN A LEGItT-
t7»).)V». mate business; will ciear to ,-ach SHH)
per month; no risk-: Investicatn. Apply JOHNS-
. TON <te CO., 261-3 Kearp^y st. ■
Q^inO FIN-E PAYING CITY ROUTE WITH
\2'±\J\J. 600 custoniers; clearing over $75
monthly; week's trial. JOHNSTON, 26Va Kearny.
•ffiOKfl r.GOOThP AYING i SALOON * IN J BUBI-
•3^U«J''. ne3SCJntrr: iixturesworthalonesl3oo;-
-stock $300; must sell so-day on account of Im-
mediate departure. Inquire 533 California st.,
I'hoenlx Bar.
\\t ANTED— PAB I N XX IN A good- paying
*» business on. Market st.-, with $1000 capital;
no experience required. Address S. S., box 67.
this office. •
ABDW A RE-STORE, NEW AND SECOND-
' hand, at half price, or lots to suit; call imme-
diately ;'a bargain. 646 Mission st.
pIRST-CLASS SALOON FOR SALE; LOCA-
-T tion; trade; lease. Particulars adaress F. C,
box 119. Call Office.
v INGLE GENTLEMAN WISHES A LADY
. •-? with small capital as partner in a patent inven-
tten; large ■ pro fi-;s and quick sales. Call Ito 2
P. y., room I. 793 MissiO!i st.
\ ' $650 «TIGAIt-STORE AND i.niitouji,
Js# esiablishedseveral years: "pood location: large
sto.'k and pood, steady trade. C.. box 16, Call.
pHYsicfAN.CAN ASSUME PR IV ATE DIS-
I r«JBRry practice, worth $400 a month, by bny-
m»: fumißbinzs now- at $250. A rlii re Physician,
bo < l;>2. Call Office. ■
<'.>|| FOX RENT — COMPLETELY - FUR-
•» •>''. nished-TPStaurant. 533 Commercial st.
/"'OrtD OON FOR SALE. INQUI] of
VT. MK.MMAi., 658 Mission st.
"JTk S r XirRXN"'T* BARGAIN: KEPT BY
Jt owner nearly 4 years. "JU3 Polk St. ;■. '. .'
C A LOON FOR SALE; CHEAP. *i!T FOURTH
0 street "i?.l*j( ; ' .
JOB PRINI lON — ONK-HALK
" «l interest in one of the target job offices In Sari
Jose ior sale: par'y desires 'o ire: a splendid
opfcninc fora g'io.l outside man. Address Printer,
4'J Xor:h Tenth sr., san .lose. Ca.l.
LIOB |S A tK—LA RG E~ TEMPERANCB i GRO-
-1 -cwry-stor**: established sixteen years; corner of
. •romiii.iK-stree.: uoin« -<xjil buslxiess; must sell
■ on arcoufit-Df dissolution of copartnership, ft,
bor;4.T, .Calj". " :
f\ N : X ■ ■■" BEBT PAYING MILITnKKV
t/ stores in town of 12.C00 m'tabitants in Nouth-
,-. m California, for sale at a bargain; exceutional
■ •■pfwrtiiimy. For 1 articiilars address R. L. TOP-
I.riz A CO., 545 Market st.
/ VRdcEirv~STf)RE ON BUSINESS STREET;
*I pwner niust leave the baslneaa at once; will
at any reasonable Bgure: a fine chauce for a
small amount. 501 H.iyess
I) ARE CHANCE, FOX MAN AND WIFE
-11 wjth a rew hundred dollars to «ecure a well-
• sialjlis'ied and payinsr business; living rooms jit-
t;wri»d; .see-owner on premises. 603 Stanyon St.,
corner H«.t_ht; no agen:s.
< 'A H I • BABOAIN; <. IRNER SALOON; ONE
C 'J\J\J.. of Uie oldest and best established sa-
k:ous south of Market st. and near Dew i'ity Hall;
lon^ learie.; cheap call and soe for yourself.
Address 0., box 11, Call Office.
B\tN: $175; CIGAR, NOTION AND
cajitly stort; rent *20 per month: near entrance
touniversrty. Apply at GEO. SCHMIDT'S Real
Kstate OfU.ce. ICast Berkele.v station.
3"99 X . BRANCH BaKKK\. CANDY, STA-
%U~;r*->« tioiiery store: 4 living-rooms; rent 18;
noabents. li-, Ftf;t. St. ,
yijK balu— notice to business men—
Jl will seil the well-known business at southwest
rorner Fifth and Mission sts., consisting of grocery
nnd bar ana wholesale wines, known as California
■Vine Company: al»o milkmen's headquarters; 1
•will sell below actual value on account of going to
Now York in ti lginess with brother: call at store.
V. KAUFMAN, 901 M:.-.slon su
E-.i [SHED MILLINERY BUSINESS
for sale: fine location. Address D., 948 Mission
QJ9' BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
•Z^XmmtJ, cigar store. Inquire Call Office.
QALOON FOR sXLE, CHEAP; CENTRALLY
0 located be sold. Inquire of McLEOD <fe
JiATJE, 515 Market at. ,
OOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
-1 1 ment of abont $50,000 In safe commercial
■ Justness.- Address R. I .. box 43, this office.
OQAAA ROUTE FOR SALE; EVENING
• 'U \J. paper: pays $150 per month. Apply
■this office.
.-. . LODGIXK-HOIIHKS FOB SALE.
."I C ROoii : S V. . $1 ,600
LO 14 rooms, on Geary st. 850
HO-room hotel, with bar: 40 boarders 3,500
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell 700
: J 2 rooms.to exchange for real estate 1.600
10-room house ; very central 250
H.< . PECKER, 1206 Market st., cor. Taylor.
VoDGING-HOUSE, WITH FRUITSTORE;
i-j cheap: easy terms. 8129 Sixteenth st.
(i HOOMKD HOUSE; RENT $30. 869 MIS-
•-' itlon st. " „. •
SfiKfl 19 ROOMS; RKNT $40; INCOME
>U«JV/. $100; all rented and all conveniences.
TOB Third st.
V"OR SALE— LODGING-HOUSE OF_2 ROOMS;
I.' cheap for cash. Inquire 1235 Market st.
>4 ROOMS, 'MARKET ST.. RENT fIOO *1500
•> < ± 23 rooms, Geary st., 15 rooms free......* 160^
10 rooms. Ninth rent $25 $ 200
Japes Business Agency. 1004 Market st.
ri'RVITI XX KOK SAl.t'
p'tmjcTwN^O^llA^G^liT^clC^EW^XN^'
' 1 M-cond-hand; 400 carpet*, good as new; oil-
•orh,. 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; llnoleam, 45c: 7-
>■'■'« .amber suits, $14 50: comics poles, 25c:
- : :-.•;•■■*, $6; cash or Installments: goods sbippei
?ret?. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
L^OR BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AR-
• ticies. of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission »t. •
1 >:OOMS, OAK FURNITURE COMPLETE. SBO
'» Kiegant Brussels carpet laid 45c
Ht-avy Linoleum laid.... 40c
J "oor Oilcloth .20C
.v«-w K<viionns<-s. our own make. $5 50
IHip.F.K it. -HIREK. 1310-12 Stockton. nr.Valjo.
fitrnltubk wastki)
\T*solVt,_ly highest price paid for
-V- second- hand furniture and carpets by l.undy
J_^irnlture Co., Bit Market st.: call or send poa_L
•pASI! PRICKPAID FOR Fl KMl'fl'.K. JA-
•.V CUB SCHWERDT. 82i Mission, bet. 4tli & stn.
HG. KRASKv, CARPETS. PICTPHVS3,
»: folding. Iron beds, furniture: low prices: Cal.
i'-r qiant'ta/'t'i for th<> trad". 779 M;?.<inrj.
... CABPET CLKA.MX«.
; .| >:. MI HELL < ABPET < LK.AMV COT,
.•/ • "240 ><Mirtwnlh at,; cleaning 3C a yard. Tele-
; I'hone MlbKion 74.
(• A RPK I i THOROUGHLY CLEANKD AND
; V miovat-d same as new. 8. FERGUSON &
i5-y-;g» Tenth st. Telephona number, south 3a.
"I M'-QUE'KVMCARPETBEATrNOANDREN-
:-g_«n owing ■ 'jrks. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
THE J. E."M7TcTfKLL CARPET-CLKANING
1 o. (Incorp.); old-established carpet-cleaning
m ffhj£esjcieanin£Bc ya. 230 14th St.: tel. Mis. 74.
( UTY STEAM CARPKTCLKANING.RENOVA-
--^-£l-?__!_L b * -11-.-.- 1 N>. tayx. Tel. South 250.
JJ ATI 1 '-N A L CARPET BEAVI AND RENO-
;*/■ -vatin- Works HAMPTON layin?
--£-'■_'*'"^ "^^^»ls Unerrero: Tel. Mission -_'44.
\\ »KN YOU BECOME DISOU9THD WITH
. ' poor work nend to SPAULDING'S |-ioneer(J_-
IP ."tUnt Work,. 353-7 Tebama; Wt Ho-40.
Ci N jl L^ N " s c AiU't/j BEATING WORKa. Hi
Idea Gate kve.; telephone east, 12tf. I
■H_B_t-O*_M_M_<_M_l«
- ■'•'■■- •"-"■■-" '■■''■■' : - norsEs to _bt.
HOTEL TO IK 1: PURNTTUrB FOR BA_£
Inquire Sixth and Bryant sts. m
HOUSK, 7 ROOMS; SUNNY sjde"; IX GOOD
order; rent, $35. 224y. O'Farrell st.
1 AOQ TWENTIETH— 4 ROOMS; .. LARGE
i UOO grounds; rent $14. Key at grocery.
S'Jl ) « EUU V« DFaOMS4O: NICE MODERN
uu< home of rooms. A>)ply 15 (.irant aye.
H° U -i'l- »- tt i KOOMS AND BATH AND
Mission^ 1 147v lenciast *. rent $16. Apply 2838
SAVED-DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKKLS
Mr.<-',y ?,V','? a llouse froni BALDWIN & HAM
MOND 10 Montgomery st. ■
-~-~ HHTAGES TO I.IT.
QUNNY ( ( >T SAGE, ROOM S ; 1. A Til. kT6w-
u er jgarden: location rlue: $20. 74a Capp st.
( MiTTANK 5 ROOMS AND STABLE. APPLY
\J 2117 o'Farrellst. -.--.. ■ •-, ,•>
pOTTA G K, 307 X KAMI > ST.. NEAR POW-
v/ en, 4 rnoins, large yard and cellar; rent $10.
Key on premises.
UNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AM) 5 ROOMS,
hatn. basement and yard. 534 15th, nr. I'o'ores.
FLATS TO 111.
1? L AToF'?SuS?NA r ßOo'>l^s7yaßd7sl ITaLSO
sunny cotta«e, 4 rooms, yard, cellar, $11. Sec-
ond st., near Townsend.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6 ROOMS:
bath; yard; $18. 10 ShotweU st., near Four-
teenth. .-. . .- ■ \
X] q CASTRO- UPPER FLAT OF 6 LARGE
«JLO sunny rooms; bath: bay-window; yard.
ROOMS, BATH 1 $21. 1315 BTBINKR ST.,
nenr Ellis; cheapest in town for price.
ATEW cnKM-.K II \! OF 8 IUX'MS. BATH
-L> and every known convenience. 1239 Pine st.
ri.Ai- ri-i.it flat OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS
r and bath: 1262 Eighteenth St.; rent $13: new
builditi-. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
q ] ,^~NICE, CLEAN, UPPER SUNNY FLAT
'•■'• 4 rooms: handsomely papered; first-class
condition; bath; nice neighborhood. 720 Ivy aye.
near Hayes and Buchanan sts. " '
TyTLOXG AYE., 16a, SOUTH OF PANHAN-
U die, bet. Frederick and Waller sts.. new flat-
-3 •l u '.'" v IP om3 with batn, laundry, storeroom.
- ROOMS, BATH AND YARD; Yt.KY NICK\
0 SPECK «fc CO., 602 Market St.
<s S'UNNV UPPER 8-ROOM. FLAT. 522
'_ 0i Howard st., near First. -.
NNV FLAT S ROO_S; GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath: $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
Q>l " FLAT mi- 5 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
<ipxt/. and bath; water free. 814 Nineteenth
st , bet. Noe and Sanchez.
O"j C FLAT OF 5 LARGE SUNNY KOOMS
V. 1 •'• and bath; water free. 25 Ford 8-.., bet.
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe and Sanchez.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST.. B_-
low Bryant, 5 and 6 room bath: $8 to $16.
! Q9.7 SUNNY BA V- WINDOW FLAT.
•42— il .U\J. 1704 Washington st., near Polk; six
rooms and bathroom.
S GNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT. 1807 PoLKf,
near Washington; 5 rooms and bath: $22 50.
<5?9q kU'i new elegant SUNNY mod-
<T — O.O\J. em hay-window flat: 6 rooms and
bath. 925 Golden Gate aye.
9X FLAT; 1209 BUSH; 5 ROOMS, BATH;
—«J. bay-windows. Apply 1211b.
"I XI XI MISSION NEAR ELEVENTH-SIX
X*J LIJ2 large sunny rooms; newly papered;
bath; laundry.
79ft MCALLISTER— SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS,
1 ~U laundry, bath; rent $32 50.
Q99 Pxf| ' INK CORNEK .-LAT: 6 ROOMS,
<7_ — .*J\J. hath. Cor. McAllister and Broderlck.
lAT UPPER FLAT: 6 ROOaIS; BATH rsTs."
-•-> 327 Chestnut St., nr. Powell.
"VIEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT; CASTRO
i-> cable; 6 rooms, buth: $15, was $22; see photo-
graph. S. D. HOVE Y. 50S California st.
SAVED- DOLLA lil M ES AND NICKELS
by renting n flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND 10 MontKOncery at.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Berry Street.
<jj*(\ 8 UNFURNISHED FINE, LARGE SI'S.
O l '- ny rooms: new house, 283 Perry St., rear.
Clay Street.
1 ft 97 CLAY, NEAR POLK — 2 UNFUR-
J.U— l il nished rooms for light housekeeping;
rent reasonable.
Clara Street.
• >/••_> CLARA. NR. SIXTH— ROOMS,
_l>.) only $9, with use of furniture.if wanted, free.
Kddy Street.
91 ft EDDY — LARGE ROOM, COMPLETE
_ I<D for housekeeiting: $2 50 a week..
(11 7 KDDY — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
''I • nished housekeeping rooms; private family;
line view.
Kllis Street.
X 1 q ELLIS — 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS,
«JIO suitable for light housekeeping.
Fifth Street.
lOQI FIFTH— TWO SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
-t— Oa and kitchen furnished for housekeeping;
cheap.
;,■" Franklin Street.
J99 FRANKLIN— SUNNY. NICELY
' — — furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Fulton Street.
11 (\ FULTON— FURNISHED ROOM; COM-
-1--LU plete for housekeeping: very cheap.
lieary Street.
101 7 GEARY — I'ARLOR, BEDROOM,
JLt/x I dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds: al! necessaries; $24.
Howard Street.
1 1 9OA HOWARD— FINE SUNNY SUITE OF
ll^O front rooms, furnished complete for light
housekeeping: brand-new Brussels carpet, antique
oak folding bed, large closet and grate tor flre; $13
per month: in an American family; none but
sober, quiet people need apply.
| 9HQ I HOWARD-ELEOANTLYFURNISH-
XZ,\JV2 ed suite rooms; use kitchen; $16; single.
T~9l j HOWARD-TWO LARGE SUNNY
I — *-' furnished housekeeping rooms; rent
reasonable.
Jessie Street.
AOO JESSIE, NEAR MTNT-HOUSEKEEP-
ttOO ing, also single and double rooms: cheap.
A 7 fi JESSIF.^2 BUNNYB_ T ROOMS,
1 II) furnished for housekeeping.
31cAllister Street.
rQQ MCALLISTER— 2 ELEGANTLY FUR-
«JOO nished adjoining front roomg; hot and cold
water, with kitchen complete for housekeeping.
Mission Street.
QQQ MISSION— I HOUSEKEEPING ROOM,
000 $8, and lat $6 per month. .
QO'l MISSION ST.-COMPLETELY FUR-
*]£%)•& nished sunny housekeeping rooms; ex-
cluslve bath and porch.'
1 MISSION— BEAUTIFUL FRONT PAR-
iUui) lors; complete housekeeping; 3; $15.
rr MISSION— FRONT AND BAC— PAR-
I lor; complete for housekeeping. ."
"~~~~~~ Ninth Street.
\C\\ NINTH— NICE HOUSEKEEP-
*iU"X Ing rooms; furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
r Afl NINTH-FLAT OF SIX FURNISHED
t)\jZi rooms complete for housekeeping: low rent.
owell Street.
Af\r\ POWELL— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
rkX)'} housekeeping; lady's board taken for rent.
Seventh Street.
1 go SEVENTH-FURNISHED HOUSE-
-LoO keeping rooms adjoining; front; sunny cor-
ner; low. • :
Twelfth Street.
1A Zy TWELFTH— ICE L V FURNISHED
J.rlO housekeeping rooms; also single.
Valencia Street '/*•;'
QAj VALENCIA— NICELY FUBNTSHED
Ov/*± front rooms and kitchen ; private family.
"Washington Street.
C AO WASHINGTON-SUNNY UNFURNISH-
t)U_. Ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
Yerba Buena Street.
8 YERBA BUENA— 2, 3 OR 4 UNFUR-
nished rooms to family without children.
KOtIJIS TO LEI.
Bush Street.
| /-»-i o NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
iUli alcove room; also others; bath; private
a 1 1 y. ■•.-'•' ■ ■ ' '■ ■
Clay Street. . .•. .
1/11 Q CLAY— LARGE COMFORTABLE
lilt/ room for gentleman, $7. • ■•■ •
1 Kddy Street.
iiQ EDDY— fsUNNY ROOMS; NEW FURNI-
I JO ture; clean beds; $5 up: also li«ht house-
keeping. j■■ -■■ • ■• . --..- :
~~~"~ Eighth Street.
SIII.KMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
tit., near Market; furnished and unfurnUhed.
~~ Kills Street.
rTAf* ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I "D front parlor, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
I 1 1 Hi Street.
Q9' FIFTH— FURNISHED SINGLE
OdUD rooms, .>5 to SB. - ■ • '
Geury Street. ; ,
Ol 71 GEARY-SINGLE FURNISHED RMB.;
_1i -4 grate; running water; rent reasonable. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
ROOMS TO iJIST— Continued.
Golden Gate Avenue,
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE. DOUBLE
•-^-L front room, also single room. ' .
OOCTgOLDEN GATE AVK.-2 NEWLY FUR-
_i^t7 nished front connecting rooms. •
oon GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY front
<J*J\J room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family;
reasonable.
AO9 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICELY FUR-
tlv/«_< nished sunny front parlor and alcove.
Hickory Avenue
qqo HICKORY AYE.— 4 ROOMS AND BATH.
OOP Inquire 601 Hayes st.
Howard Street. \
191 7 1 HOWARD— LARGE ROOM, BUIT-
-1 _- ll» »ble 1 or 2 young men; gas, bath; pri-
yate family.
Jackson Street.
11 99 JACKSON— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
•*--*-_.-<_ for gentlemen; cheap rent.
"I AO(\ JACKSON, NEAR LARKIN — FOR
■*-^*JyJ rent, small front room;$l a week.
Jones Street. ■
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE; NEW
— '" I management: elegant 'sunny suites - and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to 830.
Kearny Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLKAS-
-fV. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; tirstcl-u
in every respect : terms reasonable. -^
Larkln Street.
1 900 LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
X£i\J\J nished front room, $7 a month; single $5.
IKI7LABKI N— NICELY FURNISHED
-LUJ I front room suitable for gentleman, $12.
fllarket Street.
707 MARKET, OPP. GRANT AYE.— NEWLY
101 furnished rooms; en suite or single; day,
! week or month; prices reasonable. •■,.■■•
VOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
-I 6ixth and Keventh— Single and suites; per ,
night. 36c to $1 : week, $1 60 to $5: families
11 99 MARK ET- E FURNISHED
-1--L— suites; also single rooms; $2 to $6 week.
1 O('A MARKET— THE ONARCH— SUNNY
JL<L)Utr furnished rooms single or en suite; all on
first Moor; from $6 upward.
Sllnna street.
F\±Q MINNA-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
Ottt/ rooms; $1 25 a week. .
'• i»»i«>i! Street.
EUROPE HOUSE. 1169 MISSION— NICELY
I J-j furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Montgomery Street.
m MONTGOMERY — ROOMS EN SUITE
I i— i~ or single; $5 month up: cooking allowed. ,
Sev*»itoenth Street.
A 9 SEVENTEENTH, NEAR GUERRERO—
It- Large sunny front room, handsomely fur-
nished; in 11 private family.
Sixth Street.
qq SIXTH — THE HILLSDALE, SUNNY
.OO rooms; single and en suite; $1 to $1 50 a day.
Stockton Street.
m STOCKTON - SUNNY FURNISHED
I 1-1- rooms for housekeeping; $12 per month. j
T"qi A STOCKTON— FRONT SUIT SUITABLE
XOx doctor or dentist; nicelyfurnlshed;cheap. '
Taylor Street.
('] 9 TAYLOR, NEAR POST— 2SUNNYHALL
U±_- bedrooms.
rr 1 A TAY LOR, NEAR SUTTER— NEATLY
I lv furnished room in private family. '
Tliird Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 50 per night; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electnc lights in every room reading r'm : tree bus.
q99 THIRD— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
«J— •— front room for housekeeping; also single;
reasonable.
Turk Street.
qf|7 TURK— SINGLE SUNNY FURNISHED
•'"• room; gasandbath: $5.
FiAO TURK— SINGLE SUNNY ROOM, WITH
«J-T*J gas; private; $5.
Van I»ess Avenue.
,■•--.:■.■.
,T.AI VAN \KSS AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
O\JJL suite; also sunny bay-window room.
CAO V am \ 1 B s AYE.— COMFORTABLE
OIjO sunny from room for gentleman..
Washington Street.
1 nnO WASHINGTON, NEAR POWELL-2
ivvO nice rooms; $5 and $8. '
Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL—
nished rooms, single or en suite; $8 aud $16 up.
UNFURNISHED BOOHS.
3~*UNFUJtNI8 HED BUN NT^TooSls"sl2Tli
Lewis,' off Taylor, near lost st.
BUA_l>iN<> A.NO BOO__,
THE WINrjE^M^R^rFAMIL^rHOTELTI46I
Van Ness aye., cor. liush st. everything new
and fresh: excellent board: no Chinese employed.
f*qq GOLDEN GATE AYE.-FINELY FUR-
\J<.'<J nished rooms with lirst-class board: reason-
able. ...-;•:
r'9"l BUSH-SUNNY FRONT SUITE, WITH
\J_j-_ board lor 2, $45: single, $20 np.
VTEW GOLDEN GATE HOTEL, A.ND 136
-Li Fourth s;.; new furniture and carpets through-
out; table first class; terms reasonable; American
plan: free bus to and from depot.
OTEL BERTLING, 714 bush-a family
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. ■ •-; •
CHILDKEJi KOARDKI). ~
ArTY^WISHEsI^ALL C HTLrTTO^BOAItD^
refined home; no other children. «18 Eddy st.
\i IDDLE - AGED LA Y~~W LSH ES THE
X'J- charge of one or two children; will give a
mother's care. Call or a'i''ress 347 H St.. Oaklanrl.
STORKS TO LET.
T^RiT'2I97TQr7TwETT^^
Cisco, consists of large store and kitchen; suit-
able for a restaurant: key at premises.
pORNER STORE-SW. CORNER POWELL
\J and Francisco sts., suitable for grocery and
saloon business; contains large store with 4 rooms
in the rear; key at premises. ; ; ,:i -
STORE; 1524 HOWARD 6T M COR. OF LA-
fayette; fixtures for saloon; cheap rent. Atip'.y
2838 Mission st.
JIOR RENT— LARGE FRONT OFFICE AND
part of store. 221 and 223 Mark'-t «t.
l»_'_"i_iS.S 'in LJKT.
> F ~rele^ie^t^^?onTh7^gtvl^^ood
tenants; cottages, flats, ?5 up. SPECK <fc CO
j 602 Markf t st. , •
ELEGANI OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKEL3
building, 925 Market: rents low: no extra I
caarge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply j
-t bnilding or ii. H.UMBSKN' ,fc CO.. 14 Montg.st.
hiIKSiS,
HORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH;
care and feed; send for circular. The _U'<la
ranch, 630 Commercial st. . - ■ ■
1 CA BETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND lI A H-
±O\J ness: also wagons, buggies and hories;
contracting outfit: sand wagons and Hcraperg. livs
Mission st. ■
D" R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETEK I WART SUR-
geon for S. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS
IV buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hor.ts
Market. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wefiiea-
day. 'BULLIVAN ife DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 Oft SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALti
A Vj\j kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cart*;
algo 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
'WAUOA.i AM> AKKIAGI2S.
UGG IE_ AND WAGONS OF EvTeRY^TYI/E
made to order: woodwork, repairing and job-
bing promptly done. W. Y. DEAN (with _. L.
Vllbert), .03 Fremont st. :
.^.V^L^^^T MtSCIS-.-,AXI!.OiJ_. •
B~"uy you iTbab y carriages andrat.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit ; wo will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First St., near Mis-
sion. ■
9 GREAT DANE PUPPIES 11 MONTHS OLD;
-J good p?digree; onebrindle, otner yeilo.v: (-heap.
DRYER, 1609 Twenty-fourth, near Uo/Vm;tn nve.
Qit KLEGANT WHITE BEWINO - Ma-
tjpj-''. chine; 7 drawers: attachments complete;
equal to new cause, departure. 801 Union st.
171RESH COW, 34 .1 1 "SECOND CALF.
' Apply to JAS. KANKIN, Fort Point, Presidio.
QQfl SOLID GOLD waltham WATCH,
•JpOU. new at Chnstmns, will exchange for a bi-
cycle In good condition. Address KING,, 31
Laurel place.
T>ICTURES IN CHEAP— THE FLY-
-L in? Defender, The White Navy, San Francisco
Steam pship; plate-glass mirror, 20x48 inches, dam-
aged ; all in frames. JONES, 547 Mmblou si.
T> AR OUTFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS";
XJ scales, etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
ONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES j?ok
sala orgiven away. KAHN & CO., 220 Cal. St.
IJELLOWS, ANVIL, vise, TONGS, small
AJ steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st. ..■•,.:
UURE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
J press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102
Clay st. •
CYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, $25. KING'S
J_j old bookstore, 15 Fourth st. r-.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
\J fire and burglar proof safe. 231, 223 Market st.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN < SECOND*
l\ hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
OUNT E R 8, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\j bousbt Mia wld 112iy_Ji_tket b«i.7tbiß4Btl»
. PIANOS. VIOLINS. .ETC.
~M. G. BA_G^R^BSfMO^ls'^ ; o~2^76'FAß^
rell, room 1, first' floor; take elevator; pianos
fend organs sold for cash or installments.
"VJEW UPRIGHT PIANO CHEAP ON AC-
_ count of removal. 723V8 McAllister st.
STEIN WAY PIANO AT ASACR.TFICE. 722
O O'Farrell st.
AGNIFICENT BABY GRAND HARDMAN ,
l)iano, fine order, for sale at a sacrifice. THE J
DEWING COMPANY Piano Warerooms, second
floor Flood building. -
I>IANO— BOWERS & SON CABINET GRAND;
■ reasonable. 651 Broadway, Killmore House.
"VTICE UPRIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR «76.
1> Rm. 10, 809 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT I'A BLOR ORGAN;. MUST
■t-'X sell; nearly new. 313 Devfsadero st.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
tiuit wish to take advantage of it; please call and
liave.it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
G*l 7P. CASH OR INSXA LLMENTsTw X
tJ)X I <J. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
EW YORK MAKE UPRIGHT GRAND $165;
1> Weber $275. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st.
EMOVED— fT"w. SPENCER _ CO. TO 338
-« Post St., near I'owell, sole- agents Conover,
Colby and Spencer pianos. 338 Post st.
KCKER BROS., STEINWAY.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
Cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
ask. 28 aud 30 O'Farrell st. ■ . ' .
ASY TERMS; LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
AS KLEGANT DISPLAY OF MANDOLINS",
guitars and banjos at VAIS', 769 Market.
T/'INE PIANO FOPv SALE OR RENT CHEAP.
J SCHMITZ.IO McAllister st.,nxt Hlbernla Bank
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby «fe Evans, Brtggs and other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD NEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer, - LaMinin Dlace.
QTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $265; SOMER,
O $237; Wily, *125; squares, $35 and $55.
. Ij_KIXK, 410 Post st. .
WHICKERING, KNABE, stecK.Vose, STER-
ling pianos: special inducements for the holi-
days; see our new piano for $187; pianos for rent:
open evenings. . BENJ, CURTAZ <fc . SON, 16
O'Farrell. : ■
PIANOS— .■ . ~~ ~ ~~ :
Hazel ton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson: easy terms. . 735 Market st.
A RRI V D— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-V grade J. L. Neumann plauos for the holldavs:
prices and terms moderate. 11. LUEDERS, 8_
Ninth st.
HAINES BitOS.' PIANO — A SUPERB IN-
strument, surpassing any piano that wo have
hitherto hnndied: we invite" a critical inspection.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 I'ost St.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. ~
The finest line of new pianos for rent and salt
In San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market St.. Spreckels building.
— ______________
EDDCATIOMAL,
C^^OlTßsTiTN^rfc^l^rr^^Eß^A^rlo^A^^
writing by a German lady. Address M., box 47,
Ihisofllce.
"\ fISSBOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
-LM st.— Board, English. French, piano, dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tionat low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITKKAirKi: AND M YTHOLOG y7
_ class or private. Ml:-. i-:il AN, 1234 Bush st.
JBA. RN MORE, SAVE MONEY AND TIME
-I -i at 825 Mission St.; no class work; bookkeeping,
arithmetic, penmanship, grammar, etc.; taught. •
SPA NISIiTFrENCH.Etg PROF.DkFILIPPE'S
>- ? Ai-iidivny of Languages: 320 Post; estab. 1871.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils reheurseil
on stage. R. B aud 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, m'k"-
chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estah. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
q tudentsTpre pared FOR THE INIYKK-
O Bity, law and medical colleges'; davand evening
classes. 333-335 Phi-lan building. - *
OWENS ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A.. Principal.
VIOLIN, Mandolin, GUITAR, CORNET
V taught. Prof. L. MKRKI, 225 Geary ;re B Ronable
A LMEB E. HYER, TEACHER OF PIANoT
-*•— banjo, mandolin. 405 (Jeary st., room 17.
INDIVIDUAL rNSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc. Stiehl's < ollege, 723Mnrkot.
QPaNIBH, FRENCH, GERMA N • MOD ERAT
Melstorachaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'sTSusiNESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business . practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. W rite for catalogue.
Vl<;HTs(il<)iiL-.ili:Ai.. s BI S. COLLEGE ;2*
X> Post:oommerclal, shorthand. English: low ratei
\7"IOLIN, MANDOX.IN, CELLO. BANJO: HfcA-
V 80nab!e. PROF; FRANCIS, 101.")'.- Valencia.
GHEMISTRY ASV assaying. CUNNING-
v ham's School, ror. Geary.and Powell «ts.
SAN FRANCI.SCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 128t»
* Market: s»u:i for cat.: day rti.l evening B>-ssion.
MKDICAL.
A BLESS I NG~t6~7.A_>l KS NSTANT RE
-rV- lief for monthly lrrespilarities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
In Ban Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladies will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment, by i
consulting the doctors before calling on others:
.patients who have been Imposed upon are spe-
cially invited: home In confinement: treatment
warranted; advice free, confidential. DR. and MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., near Jones.'
ANEW PROCESS— MEDICINE, tNSTRU- I
- ments or worthless pills used; every woman !
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat. i
ter from what cause; restores always 111 one day; :
If you want to be treated safe and suro call on men's !
Ithysician-.knowleilueeftn be sent and use.) at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
TAISKKS "INFALLIBLE PREVENTIVE,"
X for either sex : s--r.il 2c for information or 50c
for trial Jar. TAYLOR CHEM. CO., box 1896, s. h\
I A DIES - DAUDET'S FEMALE REG I LA
J ling Pills', strongest, eaiest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WJDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sis., sole agents.
DR, HA IK. 14 M.ALLiSI EX > I 'UK! , NEAR
;JonPB. Diseases oi women and children.
A SURE t CURE f FORf ALL FEMALK t Dis-
eases, from whatever cause: a home In con-
finement wUh every comfort; satisfaction cuar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 2_6 Turl: at.
DU I'KAK's FEMALE REGULATING I'iLJ.s;
6afe and ellicient emnier.agogue; i?l per box.
RICHARDS&CO., druuvfisiK.4i .6 Clay at. .sole ag'ts.
\ HoMK, A i KIKN D AN J> MO flll'.R'S CARK.
JY MRS. PP.. FUNK'S. 1416 i- eh h St.. ' Alamcdn.
rUi. QOODWINI-AKKa A si KC!Al.rv ol"
XJ diseases o: women and restores all irregulari-
tlc-a m ono day, guaranteeing a cure or no ehar;;e;
regulator 82: home for patients. 1370 Markets'..
\ 1 Ks. DR. U Kr.KNKK; PRIVATE ROME IN
•*' confinement: irregularitlps cured in n few
Ibours \vithout operation: pills $2. 419RddySt.
rA'LX FEMALE IRREGULARITIES iiK-
——stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief ax,
any time: travelers helped at once; home • in con- '
finement; French pills guarariteea: consult five. '
MRS. DP.. WYKTU, (116 i'o-iL s:., near Larkin.
ALPICAU'O FRENCH I'lLLs, a BOON TO
lidles troubled with irregalnrities: no danger;
•safe and nure: $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't delay
un;li too late. OSOOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
IFiRRKGULAROIt ANY FKMALE DIBBABK
X see Mrs. Dr. PneU and b« couteut.. "54V 4tli.
1 L _^^___! J
___________
I>KNTIBTS.
DR. f*E(JRGIT"vT~LKI'Ti':." THK OENUIWB
Leek dentist, discoverer of palnlVH,«xtra6l ion
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from G to '2V> O'Farrell st.
pAiNKKSS EXTRACTION. 6O0; CROWN
i- bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 vi»; 13 veara'
experience. R. L. WALrtH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT "a PLATE.
A DR. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 l'o'.k st.
DR. H. 11. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE*
work a specialty; open evenlngs'7:3o to 9.
DH. MEYER, LATE QV 148 SIXTH ST., RE-
moved to 1012 Mission, near Sixth; jjas given.
DU. L.T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Orant aye.
CROOME BENTAJj ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 8d and 4th, ga« specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless : extraction: Hrtlticial teeth
frm*6: fillings friii $1; extracting 5Cc. with gnssl.
<5t7 AI3KT r FOX TEETH: WARRANTED AS.
*S> I good as can be made; tilling $1. DR. SIM.M-5,
dentist, 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater.
liR. LIDLI.M HILI, 1443 M AiTiCET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh; no charg« for extracting whea
plates are made; old plates mude over like new;
teeth from $8 per sot; extracting 5()c: gas given.
1 1OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, BU6 MAft-
\J ket si. DR: CHARLES W. DECKER.
DH. JTjTIEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
(■at*! ave.— Opep evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALL WORK' REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
———_—_—_-— _____
STORAGE
O'VERLA NrTT^RE iofif fRANBFER"cO."
Fitth and Bluxome Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses; low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388.
TORAOE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
hoId goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
\\riLSON. BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
»»' Storage; low rates: telephone South 762.
"T'Trst -class storage ; ADVANCES MADJS
J 421-423 Market st. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.
ATTOKN_YB-AT-_AW. ,
DVicE iRE E? DIVORCE AND PR OBATE i
laws a specialty; suits, superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable; collections, etc.
G.W.HOWE, att'y-atrlaw, «50 Market.cor.Stockton
' W. DAVIDSON, ATTORN_Y-AT-LAW,4_O
« iforula st.. nms. 14-li ; adTice f ree.
JiUII.DING ANl> LOAN ASSOCIATION.
Jr^tusiriNKN fX£ Bi [ldin< Pand loan a 5
\J sooiatioa— Home ollico, 222 . Sansome st., S. F,
General savings A loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver tiiiiidte V.l'r.j w CorUiQ,B|c.<_Oea.M»a
__^ CITY KEAL KSTATr;.
<JJ»9X A MT ST BK SOLD: offer WAN I Kl>;
*3j-^U\J. this loc is worth double: 2 blocks south
of the park; cash or installments: title insurance;
see owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3.
T ANTE D TO EXCHANGE LOT I* RICH-
' ' mond District for mor,' ground in or near Ross
or Mill Valley: must be good soil. E. box 9, Call.
<2»Q&A NEW 4-ROOM AND BATH COT-
*iPOU\J. tage.with basement, including level lot,
25x100, frontins; San Mateo electric road; on
< henery st. and joining . new Castro-st. addition;
$100 down. $10 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN,
_ Room 5, Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS; NEW RESIDENCES;
A from $7500 up; on Gough Bt., ur. i'^oadway ;
contain 8 and 9 rooms each, with all modern im-
provemehta; electric lighting; furnaces; houses
papered and decorated: everything finished in
hrst-class manner: street to be paved at expense
of owner; houses open for inspection; terms easy.
Apply on premises. .
BIG $6000 BARGAIN: ONLY ONE LEFT
out of five: just completed; new, substaniial,
beautifully finished park residence of 8 rooms, fin-
ished basement and attic. 1226 Waller st.. near
Masonic aye.
T AKEVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW KACB-
J-i track; ]ow prices; easy terms. THE McCAR-
TIIY CO., 646Marketst.
fOUSE ANT) LOT; 1318 LEAVKNWORTH
1J- St., bet. (.lay and Washington; 9 rooms and
bath; electric lighting; hot-air furnace; been
rented for $60; n u vu R K f m $8&0Q t0 7250 - Ap-
ply MA^ISONjS^Hr RKE.
"IjiRUIT VALE TERMINAL TRACT ; D. ATT,
J Yruitvale Sta. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market St.. S. F. Lots $100 up; easy terms.
©19 00(\ SOLID 3-STORY KESIDENCJS;
tip 1-j.UUU. 7^7 Golden Gate avc; lot 25x
lSi This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room; frescoing, etc Open
for inspection.
OUSES.BUILT.?I&O TO $275 A ROOM.; CALL
- and exHrnirip ulaiio. 1149 Mission st.
COINTKY KEAL ESTATJE..
9^^E~ToTT^Sr~ST^^CrON~FOR SALE
-J cheap; on account of departure of owner. Aa>
dress Cash, box 76. Call Ortice.
rpo LET— 3 SMALL CHICKEN RANCHES;
J $7 50, $8 and $10 per month. G C. YOUNG.
Petalu
TJiORSAJ OR EXCHANGE-240 ACRES: VOO
J level. 60 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits:
plenty of wood and water; koou dwelling, barn
eic; nearly all fenced: close to large town; 10
hours from city; $3000; part cash, balance on
time: wilt trade for city property or good business.
C 8., box 77, this office. °- ;; ,
•\TARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
l'J- from San Francisco
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land ; no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 Der acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
AIIGAIN—4 LOTS, SITUATED BETWEEN
Fruitvale and San Leandro, suitable for
chicken-ranch lor S2OO cash; cost over double
326 McAllister st.
ESTABLISHED 15 YEARS'
1^ N. D. BICKELB, '
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions) ; most reliable,
largest and . ■ ■
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
318 Post Bt., bet. Stockton and Powell, S. F.
OR A iNGE BLOSSOM: .' COLONY;
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orance proves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles irorn Oakdale.the orlnci pal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad ontheline between
HtocKton and Mercea. The Stanislaus and San '
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly |
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
eilher unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ion Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th<» property is under the inimefliatu
I direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
] different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
! residents. ,
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, Including a perpetual water rlsht
onu planted to orange ttees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
clx annual payments, without Interest; title p.-r-
-fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, aJ-
dress . •
KASTON, ELDRIDGE CO., .
638 Market Street.
.■?an Francisco. Cal.
Or F. T. knewing, our representative, ----- C
- Oaktlale, Cal.
4TO 8 ACRE CHICK h.N i{ AN C H 1..-, uN i'J
I years' credit. i>. H. TWING. Sonoma CHy.Cai.
I I) ACRES, MORE SAME 1»RICE; PAV^
±\J able $2 a week, without interest; level valley
land; railroad runs through the tract: the best
bargain in California; secure a borne; you wilt no
miss the Sa . a week: will be worth .$5 to $1.
WESTERN LAND COMPANY, 640 Market s;.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMK3
sale. WOOBTER .t WH ITTO.V. San Jose.
TO KXCHANGIS.
II'HAT HAVE i'OU TO EXCHANGE FOR
'» ltiO acres of fruit land in Placer County near
IVniyn? Address C. A. MAYDWELL, a3 Davis.
llilM'KKS' SALES.
rpRUSTEES" SALE— IN ACCORDANCE
i. the terms and under the authority Of a certain
cJeed of trust, duly executed by A. C. BRIGM an,
; party the first par;, to HKNUY C. CAMPBELL
I and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the >A N FRANCISCO SAY-
; ini.s UNION, party of the third part, dated
1 March 3rd, 1891, and recorded Intheodice of the
County Recorderof the County of Shasta, State of
California,' in Liber lof Trust Deeds, al pages 141
aod following, and in pursuance or a resolution
passed on the 7th day of November, 1895. by the
lioard or Directors of said SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 10,703), to secure payment or
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring .that default hnd been made in the pay-
j merit of the principal cubj and otner tunas due
under said nou- and deed of trust, aod requesting
and directing said HICNRV C. CAMI'BKLL a:id
! THADDECS B. KKNT. Trustees, to sell tlic real
estate described therein to satisfy said indebt-
edness. •
We, HENRY C. CAMPBKLL and THADDEUS
! R. KKNT, Trustees, do hereby give no Ice that <>-i
1 1 siiaY. the 7th day of January, A. D. la'Jo, i>i
j 12 o'clock noon of Lhat day, and al the auction
! salesroom of E ASTON, ELDR IDG & Co.. No.
6.58 Market street, tn ihft City and County or Sao
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at, pub-
llc auction, to the highest, bidder, for casli in rolii
coin of the United statss. all t nose pieces or par-
cols of land situate in the county of Shasta, State
of i.'ullforuia, described as follows, to wii:
According to the olKcial plats and system of
] surveys of the Government of the United States:
1 In Township twenty-Mine (29) north, range six
(6) we»i. Mount Diablo base ami meridian.
of sectiou five (6), tho fractional north half
(fr. N. >■■ )- • ' ■."■■ ■
In Township thirty (30) north, range six (6)
1 weßt, iVount Diablo base and merldfun. .
Ol Section twe:itv-t (-' I, the southwest
quarter of the. southwest Quarter (SW. '/i 01"
j bW. 1 41. : ■ ■ .
Of Stction twenty-nine (29) tho whole, and
Of Section thirty-two (3») the whole.
' Containing Iv all one thousand six hundred and
forty (1640) acres of land, more or less, together
with the appurtenances.
1 TERMS iiv' SALE— Cash in gold Foin of the
j Vniled States: ten per cent payable to the under-
> si«ned 011 thi! fall 01 the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so piiid, unless for wanf
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
: saiil ten per cent to be forieiteil and the s.ile to b»
void. Acts of gale at purchaser's expense.
HKNRY c. CAMPBKLL, ) 1q(o
THADDKUSB. KENT,. / Trustees.
rpitUSTEKS'SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
i JL the terms and under the authority of a certain
I deed of trust, duly executed by A I,BKRT H. BUT-
j LER, party of me first part, to iIKNR Y C. CAMI'- i
BKLL and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, par- 1
ties of the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNJON, party of the third part, dated
October 27th, 1894, and recorded in tln-ollice of the
County Recorder of the county of Glenn, State of
California, in liber 4 of deeds, at Dags* 499 and fol-
lowing: and in pursuance o: a resolution passed on
the 31st day of October, 18»5,by the board of direc-
tors of said SAN FRANCISCO A VJNUQ UNION,
a corporation, and the holder of the notes (No. 13,-
-082), to secure, payment of which the a/uresaid
I deea of trust was executed, declaring that default
had been made in the pevvment of the principal j
hums and other sums, due under said notes and :
deed of trust, and -requesting and. directing said
; HKNKY C. CAMPBKLL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate described
j therein to satisfy said indebtedness. > •" '. v
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
1 B. KENT, Trustees,' do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 7tu day of January, A. D. 1896, at
1 12 o'clock noon 01 that day, and atthe auctioa
I i-alesrootn of EAciTON, ELDKiDGE «t CO., 638
' Market street, iv the City and County of San
, Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest biduer, for casii in gold coin
of the United Stutes, all the pieces or parcels or
land situate in the county of Glenn, State of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit : .
According to the official plats and system of sur-
Teys of the Government of the United States: . .
In Township niuetten (19) north, range one (1)
west, Mount Diablo base and meridian.
Of section one (1), the south half of the north-
westquarter (S. i a of N\V. 1/4) ; and lots one (1),
two (2), three (3), four (4), rive (6) and six (6);
containing three hundred and forty-one and lorty-
six one-hundredths (341.46) acres of land.
, In Township nineteen (19) north, range one (1)
. east. Mount Diablo base and meridian. '
Of section six (6), the east half of the southwest '
quarter (E. y of SW. 14) ; and lots one (1). two
(2i. three (3), four (4), rive (5) and six(tJ); con-
taining two hundred arid ninety-eight and sixty-
four one-hundredths (298.64) acres of land.
Together with the appurtenances.
■ Terms or sale— Cash In gold coin of the United
States: 10 per cent paycble to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer, balance on delivery of
deed; aud if not so p aid. unless (or want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then Raid 10
cent to .be forfeited and tho • sale to Devoid.
Acts Of sale at purchaser's expense. ■ . . -. ,■
: HENRY C. CAMPBELL,^ -,„..„.„
THADiikr.S B. KENT. /Trustees.
BIOICLKi. _———.—
ARK 'CYCLERY— NEW^v^EBtS^TO'LET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, it>
AlUsier iuid Powell *v car hues.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BKAIi KSTATE.
JpOR SALE AT '"SACRIFICE— FINE i LODc£
injr-honse. For particulars call or write BEN J.
W. FKRRIS, 962 Broadway, Oakland. :
<JJ» Ol V MONTHLY FOH 6- ROOM. COTTAUKS;
tjP— ■'_» plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statn.
(Ej 1C A LOTS NEAR the altenheim in
«IP-L«JU. Frnitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast; good improvements.
H. B.PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
,ALA3IKT>A BBAL I STATE.
$]A(| DO^^^A^A^^r^TcTKLY^PAY^
tjpJ-VV/ merits— Fine nearly new modern 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; near station, school and
churches: must be sold; call and see at once. H.
P. MOREAL, 1432 .Hark Ht.. Alameda.
ffljri Hfl DOWN —ELEGANT NI . W 5-ROOM
fJpxvJv/ modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park St.. Alameda.
<S A f\(\(\ NEW AND MODERN HOUSK OF 7
-±\J\J\J rooms and bath; lot 42x147:6: In
good locality; termseagy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD CO.. 1364 Park St., Alameda.
SANTaT CLARA CODNTyT
BSAX, KSTATJfi.
ANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
<>2 East Santa Clara st., San Jose, Cal.
JttOXKV TO jLOAJN.
"TlfY AMOUNTrisT^Dor'sD'MORTGAGES;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ST AND 2U MORTGAGES; CITY OR COUN
L try; administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 628 Mkt.
ORTGAGE"S^ PHOBAI'K LOANS, \va?.
rants. SALOMON CO., 328Moutgmry,r.214.
MON LO ANED, 6 Vi PER~~~CE N'T ON
mortgages. A. F. JOHNS <£. CO., 632 Market st.
■\IONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
I<J other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st., nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
ORROW, MONEY ON YOUR DIAMONDS,
jewelry, furniture and pianos without removal:
lowest rates. Call or write to HARRY ANKEL A
CO., Mills bldg, sth floor, r 6; strictly coniidentlal
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Donohoe b'd'g, 1170 Market
\\ r JIV PAY «5 ON THE HUNDRED COM-
" mission to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the loiuier without it and with-
out charse for. making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest mi-
i ter»-st without removal; any amount from $100 to
j, $5000. 418 Ellis St.. room "'22.
i T OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST AND 2ND
JJ mortgages, undivided interests, estates, and on
furniture or pianos, without removal, In the city
and Oakland or Alameda: any amount: lowest
rates; all business confidential: savings bank books
bought. Call or write to BEOKER.U4oilon;gomery.
JOANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
J city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
~\ DVANCESON DI AMONDS.JE WELKY, ETC
-ZY-CoUmibia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 rant aye.
I'AWNBKOK KRS.
A! 130 KKAK.NV ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loened, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: prl-
vato rooms; elevator: I'lnd^es ior sale cheap.
LKUA.U >OTItKS.
\TOTICE PO CREDITORS— ESTATE OF JOHN
xi CIA' DX, deceased. Notice Is hereby given by
the nnilersigned, administrator of the estate of the
said .HUIN CLYDE, deceased, to the creditors of
and ail persons having claims against the said
deceased, to exhibit them with the necessary
vouchers, within four (4) months after the first
publication of this notice, to the said administrator
at lils otiict's, 319 Pine street, San Francisco, Cal.,
the same being his place for the transaction of
the business of the said estate in the City and
• County of San Francisco, State of California.
A. c. FREESE, Administrator of the estate of
JOHN ( I.V ill., deceased.
Dated nt .^iin Francisco, December 5, 1895.
.1. I>. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administrator,
319 I'ine street. San Francisco. Cal.
■
makkia<;k LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
I the County ClerK'fl OfHce yesterday:
Thomas Foye and Gemimia Kane, 31 —
C. Harlmann and Adeie Richter, 38—36.
Kiiwiiri P. Doherty and MaryDwyer. 2t> — 26.
William A. Olimore and Rosa B. Shater, 31—24.
. Chris M. >loe and Louise Jones, 34—
F. McAmneney and Annie Swonton, 58 — 50.
Thomas f. Tubb and Emma E. Wilson, 22— 22.
T. J. Spencer and Flora M. E. Vollmar, 38—23.
Enrico Cannanl and Angelina Sario, 26— 20. ■
J. G. C. Meyer and .r. F. W, Niedllng. 31—22.
• Hubert Eefgharyand Rosle Dunne. 24—26.
UIVOKCE riiOOKKDING.S.
Complaints filed :
Thomas Macrow against Ellen T. Macrow.
Oieor:*ia Itoss ugalnst .1. Wallace Hoss.
Mary schwengel against Christian i-chwengtl.
iURTIIS — — DEATHS,
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They muat be handed In at
either of the publication oilicos and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.J
un.
CONSTINE— In this city, December 31,1895, to
the wife of I. Constine, a son.
GRIMME— In Oakland. January 1, 1895, to the
wife ol Charles Grirnme, a daughter.
PAY XE— ln this city. January 1,1890, to the wife
of N. Payne, ■ son.
WENTWORTH — In Alameda, January 1, 1896,
to the wife of N. W. Wentworth, a daughter.
3CABBIKX).
BOLLINGER-HALEY— AtMeridian, Santa Clara
CoODty, Cal., December 31, 1895, by the Rev.
H. I!. Heacock, Jesse F. Bolllnger and Jennie
Haley, boih of Meridian.
FENN— McKEEVER— December 31, 1895, by the
Hey. I. R. Farrand, Ernest T. Fenn of Oakland
ami Maud McKeever of San Francisco.
Hi'.NNIMAN- STENCKI— In thiscity, December
31; 1893, by ihe Rev. Dr. Dille, Bernard J. Hen-
niman and Helle M. Slenckt, both of iTan-
clsco. ,
PATTKN— EMMAL— In thiscity, at the residence
of the bride's parents, by the Rev. Dr. Dille, as-
gisted by the Rev. Dr. M. F. Colburn, Charles
I'litmn and Valeria Emmal, both of San Fran-.
Cisco.
jjiJEO.
-Be-rnard, Ellen Murray, Lewis
' Baciielder, Pharis J. Mayer, Clara
Cantlon, John McLaughlin, Mary V.
Calver;, Mary A. McCarthy, Hannah
Devlin, Catherine J. ' Neary, Anuie : '. :
Dunn, Mary Nutz, Frederick
Edwards, Henry Parker, FranU 1.
Field, Maud E. Pape, William F.
I Gleason, Mary A. Rood, Mrs. A. Z.
Goriiam, Eliza T. Schomacker, Henry D.
Grlllln, Mary A. Sands, John
Hewlett, Capt. P. B. Saravia, Gen. Don R.
Irwin, Mary Staats, Mary E.
Jones. Eliza Ulrich. Anna Marie
Kerrigan. Bridget Wilslow, Carl N.
Lewis, William F. Welsh. Mary M.
Latson, Francis P. Wackenreuder, Maria
Morrison, Mary Wood, Andrew
Walker. Henry H. C.
BACHELDER— In Oakland, January .1, 1896,
Pbaris J. Bachelder, a native of Maine, aged 77
years. • \
BERNARD— In thiscity. January 1, 1896, Ellen,
wife of the late John Bernard of Santa Clara,
Cai., and beloved mother of John F., William J.
and Frances E. M. Bernard, a naiive of County
- Clare, Ireland, aged b'B years and 9 months.
tß'i-r;i-ii.ii and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her'late
residence, il Oak Grove avenue, between Fifth
and sixth streets. Harrison and Bryant, thence
to : St. Rose'B Church, Brannan street, where a
requiem high mass wili.be celebrated for the
repose of ber soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment private.
CALVERT— In thiscity, January 2, 1896, Mary
A., widow of the late Harry W. Calvert, and
- sister of P. It. Downer of the K. M. S., a native of
Vermont, aged 63 years.
Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday),- at-a o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
: Interment Masonic Cemetery. . . • -. . ;
CANTLON— In this city, January 1, 1896, John,
beloved husband of Johanna Cantlon, a native of
the parish Of Causeway, County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 43 years.
li jrrnond.-) and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -fnneral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. irom the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DEVLIN— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated TO-MORROW (Saturday), at
9 oclock a. m., at St. Dominic's Church, for the
repose of the soul of the late Catherine J. Dev-
lin. Friends are Invited to attend.
DUNN— In this city, January :2, • 1896, Mary, be-
loved wife of John Dnnn. and aunt of Mrs. P. J.
Mcehan and William Ahearn, a native of County
Tipperary. Ireland,' aged 70 yea». ,.".- • .
if i)-" riends and - acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
: (Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her lato
§ residence, 2103 Powell street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn, requiem mass will ba
■
' ■ +m:- fi'mntttwim wi
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9:30 a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDWARDS— In this city, January 1, 1896. at his
residence, 418 Eddy street, Henry, husband of
Abigail G.Edwards, and father of Abble and
Enna E. Edwards, a native:of Quincy, Mass.,
aged 68 years and ■ 4 months. [Boston papers
please copy.J
J&JT Friends are respectfully Invited to attend. '
the funeral services THIS DAY Friday), at '
1:30 o'clock p.m., at Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, \unU-r the auspices
of Excelsior Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M. In-
terment private, Masonic Cemetery.
FIELD— In Windsor, Cal., December 30, 1895,
Muud E.,' daughter Of the late Chauncey Field,
B native of. California, aged 20 years.
GLEASON— this city, December 31, 1895, Mary
A., beloved wife of the late ' James Gleason. a na-
tive Of New York.-aged 62 years and a months.
f Allegheny City papers please copy.]
JKs* Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 612 Va' Minna street. Interment I. O.
o. X CJemetery.
GORH AM— January 1, 1896, Eliza T. Gorhani,
a native of Maine, aged <;•_• years.
eiTFuneral services will be. held this day
(Friday) at 2:30 o'clock p. v., at 2823 Sixteenth
street, near Howard. | Interment private, Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ■ ...
GIUFFIN— in this city. January 1, i 896. Mary
Alice, Uearly beloved daughter of Wlllfam and
Julia Uriflin, and sister of Agnes and Willie
GritHn, a native of San Francisco, aged 11 years
3 months and 9 days. . ■' ;. ■ • •; . m
JB3f*Fneucls and 'acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS day
(Friday)', at 9:30 o'clock a. from the residence
of the parents, 344. Fifth ' street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services, commencing at 10
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEWLETT-In this city. January 1, 1896, Cap-
■ tain Palmer B..Hewlett,' anative of New York,
aged 76 years. .•■■;'•
Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
10 o'clock a. m., at his late residence. 30 Rincon
place. Interment I. Q. O. F. Cemetery. ;
IRWIN— In Alameda, January 2, 1896, Mary, be-
loved v. ife of William Irwin, a native of Belgium,
aged 37 years. ..,-•• .:'.• . :-'
JoNKS— in thiscity, January 1, 1896, Eliza, be-
loved wife of the late Joseph Jones, mother of
Thomas Sheridan and Ltlllo, Lottie and George
Jones, and sister of Mrs. Ryan- and John J. Bar-
rett, a native of Templemore, County Tipperary,
' Ireland, agea 48 years. • : .'.-■■
45-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence. 268 Brannan street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, corner Fremont and Harrison
streets. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KKRRIGAN-In this city, December 31, 1895,
Bridget, beloved wife of the late Thomas F. Ker-
' rigan, and mother of Mary, Alice and Katie Ker-
rigan, a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged 48 '
years. '. '• ; ; , ; • : •.
»*Fr)onfls and acquaintances" are ■ respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeril THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. »r.. from her late '
residence, 1 Rigley place, Pierce street, be-
tween Greenwich and Lombard, .thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 ■ o'clock a. ic Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. •-■'■.■"'
LATSON— In this city, January 2. 1896, Francis
Palmer, beloved husband of Florida L. Latson, :
brother of Mrs. Henry Rosekrans, Mrs. Hiram j
Rosekrans, Mrs. Frank Ellis and Mrs. Emma
Myers, a native of New York City, aged '44. years,
and '.i months. ■ . .
Notice of funeral hereafter. . ■ '.. 0 . /
LEWIS— In Sebastopol, i Sonoma County, Decem- '
ber 27. 1895, William F., dearly beloved husband
of Anna A. Lewis, native of Mount Clair, aged
44 years 9 months and 3 days. : ' '
MCCARTHY— In this city, January 2, 1896, Han-
nah, beloved sister of Nellie- McCarthy, and
niece of Mrs. William Ellard and Mrs. William
McCarthy, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 24 years. | Irish and New Zealand papers
please copy, j
jB3"Friemls and acquaintances are -.respect-'
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from 14121^
Raker street, thence to St, Dominic's Chnrch,
when a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing' at 10
o'clock a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In Oakland, December 28. 1895,
Mary V., beloved wife of Jesse M. McLaugblin,
mother of Jesse, Louise, Helen and' Mary Mo--
Laughlin, daughter of Mrs. Louise Allen, and
sisier of Mrs. Laura Whitebead and James Allen,
a native of Amador County, aged 35 years..
MORRISON— In this city, January 1, 1896. M»ry.
beloved wife of John Morrison, and mother of
Alex. Joseph, Gilbert, Frank and Rose Morrison,
a native of Ballycastle, County Antrim, Ireland,
aged 51 years and 7 months. .= _' 7 .
jtKß"FriendB aud acquaintances are ' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. THlH DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from herlatp resi- •
deuce, 659 Noe street, near Twentieth, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mans will be celebrated for the repose of her sjoul,
commencing at 9 o'clock" a. v. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. '■'■■'.'%■'"
iikaV (Maybe)— this city. January l;
1896, Lewis Murray, known as William Mavhc.
a naiive oi New York uy, aged 35 years.- [New •
York and Chicago papers please copy.] -
a«fThe funeral will take place THIS' DAY
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the nar-
lors of J. C. O'Connor <fc C 0. ,-767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. • .
MAYER— In this city. January 1, 1896. Clara, bo-
i loved daughter of Henry Mayer, and . sister of
Theodore. Adolph and George H. Mayer, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years 7 months
and 19 days. . • •
ItSfFrienris and acqualntEnces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS'DAY
(r'riday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from her late
residence, 233 Oak street. Interment Beth Olam
Cemetery. ..:. •, V-"-", -,i. J ■./'■,■
NEARY— this city, January 2. 1896, Annie,
beloved wife of Thomas Neary, a native of ban
Francisco, aged 26 years and 4 months. -
Ofrnends and acquaintances are' resnect-
| fully Invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
I January 5, at 9:30 o'clock a.'.m., from her late
residence. 516 Howard street, thence to Bt. Pat-
rick's Church lor services at 10 .o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NUTZ— In city, January 2, 1896, Frederick,
beloved husband of the late Johanna Nutz, and
father of Frederick. Emil and Willie Nut?., a na-
tive of Hamburg, Germany, aged 73 - years and.
10 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
January 5. at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late '
residence, 412 Day street, between Twenty-
ninth and Thirtieth, Sanchez and Noe. 1 Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
PA PE— ln South San Francisco. Jannary 2. ] 896,
William F., beloved husband of Mary Pape, and
father of Emma, Elma, Willie and Henry Pape,
a native of Garrlensted, Germany, aged 39 years
9 months and 27 days. :, ■ : \v .: ; :
PARKER— Worcester, Mass., December 31,
1895, Frank I. Parker, beloved husband of
Josephine Willcutt Parker, formerly of Oakland.
ROOD— In this city, December 31, 1895, Mrs. Ade-
laide Z. Rood, a native of Bridgewater, Vermont,
aged 59 years 5 months and 25 days. . ■ ■
*3S"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, near Tweuty-flrst. Inter-
ment Hartland, Vt. 
SANDS— In the City and County Hospital. Janu-
ary 2. 1896, John Sands, aged 68 years. -
isARAVIA— In this city, January 2, 1890, at
12:50 o'ciock p. jr., General Don Ramon Saravia
of the army of the Republic of Guatemala, a na-
tive of Guatemala, aged 52 years.
agj-Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
. the undertaking parlors of Godean & Lipman,
326 Sutter street.
STAATS— In Lorin, December 30, 1895, Mary E.,
beloved mother of . Redmond C, Chrlssle H-. ana
Mamie E. Staats, aged 53 years 9 months and 7
days.
BCHOMACKER-In this city, January .2, .1896,
Henry D., beloved sou of Hermann and Mar-
garet Schomacker, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years.
ULRICH— In this City, Jannary 1, 1896, Anna
Marie Ulrich, beloved mother of the late Mrs.
F. C. Blebe. Mrs. William Wlebe. Mrs. Ph. Strehl
and Mrs. H. Herzer, a native of Germany, aged
86 years and 10 months.
J(3-Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. X., from • St. Paulu*
Herman Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
Gough streets. Interment I. O. O. £* Cemetery.
WACKENREUDER— In this city, Jannary 1,
1896, Maria, beloved wife of Ernest Wacken-
reuder, mother of Joseph and Harry WaAen-
reuder. and sister of William A. Davis, a native
of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
■ £3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at, 2 o'clock p. »r., from her late resi-
dence, 1515 Leavenworth street. Interment
. Mount Cavalry Cemetery.
WELSH— In this city. January 2,1896, Mary Mar-
cella Welsh, dearly beloved daughter of Patrick
and Delia Welsh, and niece of Patrick Connelly,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 2 month*
and 16 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock a.m.. from 19 Moss
i street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
W I LHLOW— In this city. December 31, 1896, Carl
I N., beloved son of Nicolau and Bothilda Wilslow,
and brother of Mrs. C. Haugaard, Mrs. R. Rnde-
beck, Thomas Wilslow, Mrs. H. Dall. Nicola! 8.
and Helena Wllslbw, a native of Apenrade, Ger-
many, aged 24 years 8 months and 11 days. A
member of San Francisco Bakers' Vereln.
ifirFrfendß and acquaintances ■ are resnect-
fultv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WOOD— In this city, December 31. 1896. Andrew
' Wood, a native of England, aged 68 years. •
WALKER— In Oakland, December 30. 1895.
Henry 11. C. Walker, a native of Maryland, aged
53 years. ' ■
I UNITED I>EKTAKJSBB'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
ar Reasonable Rates. .
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
" I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
GYPHESS'LAWS CEMETERY,
SANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIANj
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bezu-
tlful, permanent and easy of access; «c« ie before
feurilig a burial placo elsewhere.
City Ottv«i W Vitjr Uall At«bi«|
1314
NOT UNDER SUSPICION, SAYS FATHER YORKE
Replies to Dr. Bovard's
Letter on the Catholic
Church.
TRUE AMERICAN IDEA.
Religious Tolerance the Rule
Despite a Coterie of
Foreigners.
PRINCIPLES OF THE A. P. A.
Editor Hubbell of the American Patriot
Gives a Statement of the
Platfcrm.
Father Yorko makes the following re
ply to Dr. Bovard's letter on "Why Ro
man Catholicism is under suspicion in
America." "The Catholic church," says
Father Yorke, "is net under .suspicion in
America at nil," ami he proceeds to show
jr. Bovard that Jie has fallen into error,
■
January '.:. 1896.
To the Editor of the '■ Sib: In his
ng Dr. Bo va«rd. advances cer
tain reasons which he thinks- explains "Why !
Roman Catholicism is under suspicion in!
a." He opens his communication by !
commenting « n -< >:-. 10 statements in my la>t
letter, and then ne proceeds to give a dozen
reasons to justify suspicion of the Catholic
church. He states that lie has uo prejudice
■ in- desires to be
fair. I readily give him credit for his gooa In
tentions, suiil in turn I H^k him to i
us actuated in this controversy with the sole
■ forth the truth, the whole truth
and nothing but the truth.
"In the beginning 1 would lake exception to
Pr. Bovard's s;b [uestion. 1 I
think 1 am i denying that "Roman !
Catholicism is under suspicion in America."'
Amoiii; mbers of certain churches,
.- immigrants from certain countries,
among natives raised in certain remote Locali
ie Catholic church is regarded with sus
picion. But Americans harbor no such un
worthy thoughts. Men and women who have
been trained to respect the rights of others do
not permit themselves to indulge ii. unfounded
fears. They judge of their neighbors by ac
tions, and not by rumors. Before there were
any Methodists in existence Catholics had
ilweit in America, and we have yet to hear of a
Mngle disloyal deed done by Catholics which
- 'home. The overwhelming ma
jority of the Catholic church were born under
the *:urs and stri)>et. Catholics and non-
Catholics have grown up together in the same
towns. They have studied at the same
benches, they have played at the same eames.
In manhood they have been united, in busl
politics, in social, in family life. When
the republic was threatened they went to the
front shoulder to shoulder, and" there was no
ion then. If to-day any civic en
se is undertaken < atholic business men
aii'i Protestant business men work hand in
hand. When misery or distress appeals for
H!>l Catholic money is given as freely as Protes
tant money, in the real, broad life of
;>le there is no room for suspicion. It
is an an-American word, it Is the prerogative
of those who live in corners ana who spin
cobwebs all day to furnish vacant minds. It
l>\\ ideals and of limited opportunities.
It belongs to bats and moles and owls and all
things that hate the light. It has no place in '
a re pn! >;■.'■ such as ours, and the American peo
ple reject it and all it suggests with scorn.
No. Dr. Bovard, the Catholic church is not
under suspicion In America. A coterie of
foreigners, who make up in noise what they
lack in numbers, try to have it appear that it
is.- But no one in his senses looks upon them
as Americans. Their leaders are not even citi
zens and the followers are principally Irish
and Canadian Orangemen, seasoned with
Scandinavians of various degrees of freshness.
To these, certain second-rate politicians have
attached themselves, and several preachers,
more desirous of notoriety than of charity, and
tne whole motley mass goes out into the streets
trailing the flag in the mire and shouting it
self hoarse against the Catholic church, and
ell in the name of our glorious Institutions
and true Americanism.
Hence it is that I object to Dr.Bovard's state
ment of the question. Roman Catholicism is
not under suspicion in America. It is under
the suspicion of certain people, who ought to
know better. How unjustifiable that suspicion
is wiil appear from an examination of the
causes advanced by Dr. Bovard.
1. Fora man who arraigns Catholicism in
the name of the American Government lam
fcurprised to find Dr. Bovard so ignorant of the
constitution of that Government. "It is, "he
fca\>, "a fundamental principle of the Ameri
can Government to encourage the Christian
religion under whatever peculiar type of or
ganisation it may appear. This country does
not profess atheism nor paganism, but all its
rulers, from the President down to the Justice
of the Peace, stand on the Christian platform
of morals and faith. * * * A simon-pure
heathen with his toggery could not become an
American citizen in the true sense of the
term."
: I cannot conceive of anything which is more
misleading than this statement. In the first
place the American Government has nothing
whatsoever to do with relifrfon. It neither en
courages it nor persecutes it. It leaves re
ligion severely alone. So far from beine
founded on the Christian faith a Hebrew is
just as eligible to the President's chair as the
most' devout Metnodist. There Is nothing in
the wid» world to prevant Colonel Bob Inger
-601l from succeeding Mr. Cleveland save and
except the lack of votes. The Federal consti
tution is frankly founded on the principle that
the Government declines to have anything to
do with religion, and i. early all the State con
stitutions have similar provisions. There are
thousands of heathens who enjoy all the privi
leges of American citizenship, and there are
tens of thousands of Jews who consider them
selves just as good Americans as Mr. Bovard.
This country is committed to the doctrine of
complete separation of church and state. Re
ligious opinions should in no wise interfere
■with a man's citizenship. As long as the laws
are obeyed it is nothing to this (jovernmant
whether It rules over Jew or gentile, Turk or
pagan. The attempt to make the Government
Christian 1b just as un-American as the at
tempt to make it Protestant or Catholic. If we
want to have a Christian country we must set
about converting the individuals. When all
the people are Christian the Government will
be Christian without^the aid of laws. If the
people are not Christian all the laws in the
world will not make the Government Christian.
. 2. Mr. Bovard says that Protestants 'do not
hold that any particular denomination is
" 'the* church, but that all denominations, in
cluding Catholics, are some sort of branches of
the true universul kingdom of truth, of
which Christ is theouly head." Now, frankly,
I think Dr. Bovard is not accurate in making
•■this ''branch theory" a Protestant doctrine. 1
am sure that the Protestant Episcopalians have
■not the slightest idea of acknowledging the
Baptists as a branch of the true church of
Christ. The Presbyterians are bound by the
standards of their church to abolish all "super
stition, heresy, schism, profaneneas," and I am
greatly afraid that ii there were any Metho
. dists in the days of the Covenanter* they
■ would be considered as branches only in the
sense that they were foreordained to the
burning.
Indeed, it la the rankest absurdity to look
■•upon the 240 different sects of Protestantism
h- members of one "kingdom of truth." Truth
is one. It is the same in all times and in all
plac.es and for all men. Two and two are four
here and in China and in the moon. That
' man would be considered s raving lunatic who
would hold that two and iwo miidp four south
of Market street, but that two and two made
twenty-six in the Western Addition. Hence,
if there is apy religious truth at all it must be
the same in every country and for all sorts
and conditions of men. it is quite possible
that all in- different sects may be wrong, but
it is utterly inconceivable that they can all be
Tight. ■ For example, one sect declares baptism
Ii necessary lot lalvalton; another sect de
. Clares baptism is not necessary for salvation.
Highest of all in Leavening Power. Latest U. S. Gov't Report
ABSOI.UTEE.Y PURE
■ - . - . . ■•■-. ......
• One sect holds that episcopacy is of divine
Institution; another sect holds that episco
pacy is not of divine institution.
Catholics hold that when our Lord said of
I the broad. This is my bod}", he meant what
lie said. Metho&sts hold that when our Lord
said, This is my body, lie meant this is not
my body. Now, I might ask how, in the name
of common-sense, can churches professing
these contradictory doctrines belong to the
! one church? If one is right theother is wrong,
i and what fellowship has error in the kingdom
lof truth? Are we to believe that Jesus Christ
I is the bead of an institution which puts false
i hoiid on the same Level as the gospel? What
in the name of common-sense was the use of
I his giving us a revelation and teaching us
truth if we can hold the very contradictor; of
i what he taught and still be" branches of his
church?
::. Mr. Bovard says: "The Protestant state
ments of theological doctrines, so-called
creeds, differ from the Catholic creeds in that
they do not attempt to bind the conscience.
: Only the Bible binds a l'rotestant conscience."
I do Dot know what the reverend gentleman
I means by binding the conscience. lam under
i the impression that a l'rote.stant creed has pre
cisely the same objects as a Catholic creed. A
creed la a statement that a man believe- cer
tain doctrines. It lie (relieves them they bind
his conscience. It makes no difference whether
they are Catholic doctrines or l'rotestant doc
trines, belief is the same in both cases, and one
creed lies us heavy on the conscience as an
other. The statement that only the Bible
binds a Protestant conscience is unintelligible.
The Bible as the hible cannot bind anything.
It is the interpretation of the Bible which
binds the conscience. It is the doctrine which
each believer's private judgment picks out of
the tc-xt which is of obligation. and my con
tention is that the Protestant churches sacri
fice their theory of private judgment by adopt
ing creeds. These creeds are interpretations
of the Bible. They interfere with that free
and unbiased consideration of the text which
the theory of private judgment requires.
Tiny are in iact the private judgments of a
lew men set forth in a foim of words. Now by
what right do these men force their private
judgment on other people? What right have
the Methodists t;> force candidates to accept
their articles as a condition to membership?
Is not this a practical surrender of the theory
of private judgment? The Methodist church
I says: Here is my interpretation of the Bible.
i Ji you wish to join me you must sacrifice your
private judgment and accept my interpreta
tion. What other name can we call this than
interpretation through the church, which is
th<- Catholic, not the Protestant, theory.
Dr. Bovard says "when a Protestant desires
to withdraw from one of the denominations
he is at liberty to uo so and bears with him
the good will of all. He thinks as he pleases,
both before and after." Now 1 would like to
know how he can think as he pleases if he is
bound 10 think according to a certain creed?
If he accepts the creed he gives assent to its
> articles: if he does not give assent his accept
ance is a piece of hypocrisy. The signing of
articles of religion means that a man re
nounces so much of iiis right of judging for
himself. But the Protestant theory is that this
right cannot be renounced; that toe sole rule
of faith is private judgment, therefore I hold
that the Protestant practice contradicts the
Protestant theory and that the Methodists do
themselves the very things they blame Catho
lics lor doing.
There are a few more points in the introduc
tory portion Of Mr. Bovard's letter. I know
yonr space is crowded just now ami I reserve
my remarks fo» another communication to
morrow. Yours truly, t\ C. Yorke.
POSTSCBXFTUX.
It would be a waste of time, Mr. Editor, to at
tempt to classify and characterize the various
obscenities of the last communication to which
(j. A. Hubbell lent his worthless name. He
evidently believes that if enough dirt is thrown
some of it will stick. Stick it may, but it can
not stain. "Some dirt sticks longer than other
dirt," says Newman, "but no dirt is immortal."
The old axiom stlllholds: "Truth will prevail. "
The people of this City and of this -Stole are
competent judges of truthfulness. They know
thet old charges are not proved by preferring
new charges, and that the sworn statements of
three reputable witnesses are not to be swept
; away by a torrent of Blth.
This is the main question which must be met
and decided before any other questions can be
even considered. Two documents have been
produced and represented as oaths taken by
I priests and Jesuits. Three Catholic clergymen
of this City have made affidavit thai these two
documents are forgeries. These affidavits are
not answered by throwing mud at priests. The
only way to meet them is to prove that the
three clergymen committed perjury. If 6. A.
Hubbell will say plainly and squarely that
Father Prendergast swore to what was not true,
or that Father Irnoda swore to what was not
true, or that Father Wyman swore to what was
not true, we can put the matter to a satisfac
tory test. Until that is done the affidavits
stand. The public may be nauseated with
obscenity, but the dirt will neither stick nor
stain. p. C. Y.
WHAT THE A. P. A. ADVOCATES.
Statement by Editor Hnbbell of the Associa
tion's Principles.
G. A. Hubbell of the American Patriot
again enters the arena with a communica
tion. This time he makes a statement of
the principles of the American Protective
Association as follows :
Office American Patriot, )
219 Market street, j
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir: No
doubt there are some among your great num
ber of readers who are not acquainted with
the principles of the American Protective As
sociation. We have claimed that a set of men
in the Roman Catholic church calling them
selves Jesuits are traitors to all republican sys
tems of government. We have shown them up
somewhat in your columns. These are the fel
lows who "do politics" for the Romish church.
The American Protective Association has been
organized to protect the political institutions
of this Government. The following are the
principles of the association:
First— Loyalty to true Americanism, which
knows neither birthplace, race, creed nor
party, is the first requisite form embraced in
the American Protective Association.
Second— The American Protective Associa
tion is not a political party, and does not con
trol the political affiliations of its members,
but it teaches them to be intensely active in
the discharge of their political duties in or out
of party lines, because it believes that all prob
lems confronting our people will be best solved
by a conscientious discharge of the duties of
citizenship by every individual.
Thira— While tolerant of all creeds, it holds
that subjection to and support of any ecclesi
astical power not created and controlled by
American citizens, and which claims equal if
not greater sovereignty than the Government
of the United States of America, is irreconcil
able with American citizenship. It is therefore
opposed to the holding of office in National,
State or municipal government by any subject
or supporter of such ecclesiastical powers.
Fourth— We uphold the constitution of the
United States of America and no portion of it
more than its guaranty of religious liberty,
but we hold this religious liberty to be guaran
teed to the Individual, and not to mean that
under its protection any un-American ecclesi
siastical power can claim absolute control over
the education of children growing up under
the stars and stripes.
Fifth— We consider the non-sectarian free
public school the bulwark of American Institu
tions, the best place for the education of Amer
ican children. To keep them such we protest
against the employment of subjects of an un-
American ecclesiastical power as officers or
teachers of our public schools.
Sixth— We condemn the support out of the
treasury by direct appropriation or by contract
of any sectarian school, reformatory or other
institution not owned and controlled by public
authority.
Seventh— Believing that exemption from tax
ation is equal to a grant of public funds we de
mand that no real or personal property be ex
empt from taxation the title to which is not
vested in National or State governments, or in
any of their subdivisions.
Eighth— We protest against the enlistment
in tue United States army and navy and the
militia, of any state, of any person not an
actual citizen of the I'nited States.
Ninth— We demand lor the protection of our
citizen laborers the prohibition of the importa
tion of pauper labor and the restriction of all
immigration to persons who can show their
ability and honest intention to become self
supporting American citizens.
Tenth— We demand the change of naturaliza
tion laws by a repeal of the act authorizing
the naturalization of minors without a previ
ous declaration of intention, and by providing
that iio alien shall be naturalized or per
mitted to vote in any State in the Union who
cannot SDeak the language of the land and who
cannot prove seven years' continuous resi
dence In this country from the date of his
declaration of Intention.
Eleventh— We protest against the gross neg
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 1896.
ligence and laxity with which the judiciary of
our land administer the present naturalization
laws, and against the practice of naturalizing
aliens at the expense of committees or candi
dates, as the most prolific source of the present
prostitution of American citizenship to the
basest use.
Twelfth— We demand that all hospitals, asy
lums, reformatories or other institutions in
which the people are under restraint be at all
times subject to public inspection, whether
they are maintained by the public or by a pri
vate corporation or individual.
Thirteenth— We demand that all National or
State legislation affecting financial, commer
cial or industrial interests be general in char
acter, and in no instance In favor of any one
section of the country, or ol any one class of
people.
The council tabled every motion attempting
to commit the order to any distinct line of
policy on the money, labor, "suffrage, temper
ance or other party questions and also adopted
a resolution declaring that no committee or
other authority in the order could bind the
members to any political action beyond their
negative obligation. The council approved of
the diaft of a bill for the suppression of immi
gration, which will be sent to Congress, and
also adopted resolutions subjecting convents
and similar institutions to public inspection.
It was resolved that Washington, D. C, be the
permanent meeting-place after 189G, and that
all meeting? be held with open doors— the pub
lic be invited to witness and listen to all reso
lutions, g. A. Hubbell.
SAN MIGUEL RANCHO.
Proposed Meeting of thr Association to
Defend Title to Property.
A meeting of the San Miguel Defense
Association will be held this evening at
Judson's Hall, Twenty-third and Doug-
SOME OF THE TEACHERS WHO WERE ACTIVE AT YESTERDAY'S MEETING OF THE CONVENTION.
lass streets (the Twenty - second - street
branch of the Mission-street Railroad passes
Twenty-fourth and Douglass streets) at 8
o'clock to discuss the now pending Noe
suit, which is clouding the title to all the
property within the San Miguel Rancho,
the boundaries of which commence at
Nineteenth and Valencia streets, thence
running south to Twenty-second, thence
westerly to San Jose avenue, thence south
erly to the San Jose road, and continues
southerly on the line of said road almost
to the County line, thence westerly to
Lake Merced, thence northerly to N
street, thence northeasterly to Sullivan
street, thence southeasterly to point of
commencement, comprising: 4443 acres,
embracing the City Land Association, Rail
road Homestead Association, Ocean View,
Sunnyside and all the southwestern sub
urbs.
The San Miguel Defense Association was
organized by a number of determined
property-owners who wish to establish for
all time the perfect title of the San Miguel
Rancho. The association has now a mem
bership of over 200, and its aim is to get
the co-operation of every lot-owner within
the district affected.
Get your specia office account books made
now at the binding department of the Mysell-
Rollins Company, 22 Clay street. •
Price Held for Trial.
Warren E. Price, th« book-seller at 1203
Market street, who was arrested last week by
the Federal authorities for sending vile liter
ature through the malls, had his preliminary
examination yesterday before United States
Commissioner Heacock. Postofflce Inspector
Krwin showed how he had decoyed Price by
corresponding with him as "I. Schwartz," and
the books Kent through the mails were fre
duced. Price was accordingly held for trial in
the United States District Court, his bail being
fixed at $3000.
A suit of Jaros Hygienic Underwear worth a
barrel of cures. Morgan Bros., 229 Montg. st.*
Opening of the Cliff House.
The opening of the new Cliff House has been
arranged to take place to-morrow night. It
will be opened under the auspices of the So
ciety of Old Friends, In conjunction with the
Verein Concordia with a masquerade ball.
Full moon has been selected for the occasion,
and the year of ' 96 being leap year the event
will also be a leap year party.
Jaros Hygienic Underwear for ladle*, for gen
tlemen, for children, for all places, all the
year. Morgan Brothers, 229 Montg. St. •
An Accidental Death.
William Pape, a teamster by occupation, who
resided at Fifth avenue, between L and W
streets, in this City, fell from his wagon yes
terday afternoon at the foot of Fourth street
and broke his neck, expiring instantly. The
body was taken to the Morgue, but an inquest
was waived. Pape leaves a wife and four minor
children-
Office draughts don't bother wearer of Jaros
Hygienic Underwear. He is protected from
climatic changes. Morgan 8r05., 229 Montg.st.*
Sentenced to Five Years.
George Green, arrested for passing four coun
terfeit half dollars upon a waiter in the Peo
ple's Palace, pleaded guilty before United
ritates District Judge Morrow yesterday, and
was (sentenced to five years' imprisonment and
a fine of $100.
Jaros Hygienic Underwear the one under
wear that is comfortable; absorbs moisture*
keeps folks well. Morgan Bros., 229 Moutg. su*
PEDAGOGUES IN COUNCIL
Twenty-Ninth Annual Session of
the California Teachers'
Association.
INTERESTING ADDRESSES READ.
Members Attend a Concert in the
Auditorium of the Oakland
High School.
Oakland ig revelling in the enjoyment of
lan intellectual feast. From far and near
. schoolma'ams of all degrees of beauty and
age, or of no beauty and uncertain atre,
have congregated to attend the twenty
i ninth annual meeting of the California
: Teachers' Association. The place was well
| chosen. Free from the bustle and din of a
j great city, Oakland, by reason of its prox
! iinity to the metropolis, offers rare ad-
vantages to the scholastic ladies who
may wish to do a little shopping in the
City, their deliberations while in session
being undisturbed.
However, it must not be for a moment
thought that the fairer portion of Califor
nia's pedagogues monopolize the meeting.
Not by any means. There was a fair sprink
ling of the tyrant man, though, to be sure,
his somber black and gray were wcil-nigh
eclipsed and set at naught by the shim
mering sea of nodding plumes and rustling
Bilks.
An impalpable and indescribable atmos
phere of refinement pervaded the entire
assembly. Amid the participants in the
opening session yesterday morning, al
though the High School auditorium was
crowded to repletion, not an unkind or
impatient word, so far as known, was
spoken. Men and women were there who
had grown gray in the high vocation of
forming future pillars of the Republic,
while there were many others, mere
novices in the pedagogic art, who had
come, with pencil and notebook in hand,
to learn how they might protit by the wis
dom and experience of their elders.
Tne spacious passageways of the High
School building were embowered in wav
ing palms und ferns, while the feathery
foliage and blood-red berries of the pepper
tree lent a grace peculiarly their own to
the entrancing scene. In the auditorium
all the windows were banked with flowers,
the chrysanthemum, "the star of winter,"
as it is sometimes called, being most con
spicuous. The National colors were every
where. Shields, rosettes and graceful fes
toons of red, white and blue crepe de
chine gave to the affair a truly and in
tensely patriotic aspect, while Old Glory,
stars and stripes and all, waved in the
breeze above all else.
The first part of the morning session
was consumed in the work of organizing
the meeting and making provision for the
systematic conduct of affairs. The presi
dent, Earl Barnes of Stanford University,
displayed much ability and diplomacy in
arranging matters to every one's satisfac
tion.
Messrs. F. P. Russell of San Jose and
R. F. Pennell of Chico acted as vice
presidents, while Miss Anna C. Murphy of
Sacramento made an efficient secretary,
with \V. F. Hall of Oakland as her assist
ant.
Proceedings opened with. an able paper
on "Courses of* Study," by J. L. Linscott
of Santa Cruz. The essayist stated that
some improvement in present pedagogical
methods was imperatively demanded.
Children, he maintained, should be made
to love school life, and aspire to the joys of
an intellectual existence. To this end Mr.
Linscott contended that school children
should be introduced to the fields of inter
esting knowledge, so that they might
make progress therein after leaving school.
They should also be trained in the tools
which they are expected later to make use
of in life, namely, reading, writing and
reckoning. So far as the lower grades were
concerned language should take prece
dence of mathematics. The success in
later studies depends a great deal on the
study of language in the lower grades. All
work in number:-!, however, should not be
excluded from the lower grades. In the
primary grades, in which number-work is
introduced, it should relate to mechanical
processes.
The speaker hoped that the paper, while
it gave very few definite answers to the
questions propounded by the teachers,
could be disseminated among ttie teachers;
that the association appropriate $150 for
printing the report; that the county and
city superintendents in the State be re
quired to transmit the report to all teach
ers in their jurisdiction, and to set apart
one day in tlie institutes for the discussion
of the matters contained in it. He also
recommended that these matters be freely
discussed, by persons competent to treat
them, in the daily papers.
At the conclusion of the paper Mr. Lin
scott was cordially applauded and the as
semblage united in singing "The Soldier's
Farewell," under the direction of Miss
Brown.
A paper on "High School Certificates'
was then read dv Fernando Sanford of
Palo Alto. He suggested that a rule be
established for the issuance of. two High j
School certificates, one of which would be !
for four years and the other for life, the 1
latter to be granted only after the appli
cant had taught three years in a High
School. '
A long discussion ensued as to what dis
position should be made of the report. It
was finally adopted and $50 was voted to
have it printed and disseminated among
the teachers.
Professor George H. Howison of
Berkeley then spoke on "The Correlation
of Studies in Elementary Schools; Re
view Report of the Committee of Fifteen."
Among other tilings, the able speaker
said, all educators were agreed that the
elementary course shouid comprise read
ing, figures and other elementary studies.
The critics of the report claimed that the
course should be adapted to the individual
need of the individual scholar. In the
great masses of elementary schoo Is the
greatest effort was put forth in acquiring a
knowledge of reading, writing and cipher
ing for themselves, while there was a
desire of some people to use those studies
simply for the purpose of applying them
as a means of securing other* features of
information.
In continuation, Mr. Howison stated
that in his experience he hail noted a
marked improvement in teachers and in
conventions of teachers. In the begin
ning, he said, these associations were
rather of a social character, and one |of
their principal features was the desire^of
some people to show their ability in secur
ing control of the organization. For one
he rejoiced that the movement in these
meetings was of so marked a character. The
improvement which had occurred in the
national association was largely due to
Professor Harris. He believed that a
study of the report of the committee of
fifteen would be a great advantage to the
teachers. In the main he believed that
Dr. Harris is right, and yet he would not
say that the critics are wrong. The kernel
of the opposition of the critics is that Dr.
Harris' view represents the collectivism
of life.
The critics, on the other hand, would I
only consider the individual. They hold !
that from the individual himself should
he ascertained what he was sent into the
universe for, and there the educators
should find out what interests him. Dr.
Harris says that this is the knell of civili- '
zation. The principle of reasonableness !
of interest and not the wishes of the indi
vidual should predominate.
Mr. Howison's eloquent paper, or rather j
address, since he spoke without notes, was j
applauded most cordially, after which
those present were invited to speak upon
the subjects treated in it.
Miss Washburne of San Jose and Mr.
Pennell of Chico spoke extemporaneously
on the lines suggested by Mr. Howison,
and in general agreed with his opinions, j
though both maintained thai object lessons I
should be more especially dwelt upon as
the most efficient means of imparting
knowledge to very young children.
In rejoinder Mr. Howison said he con
curred fully in the views of the other
speakers, though he maintained that the
course of elementary instruction should
not last longer than six years.
A recess was then taken until the after
noon. The quarters in the High School
being uncomfortably crowded a.t the
morning session, arrangements were
made for the association to meet in the
First Congregational Church for the after
noon's proceedings.
The ornate interior of the stately edifice
presented a most animated appearance.
Ex-Superiutendent Fred M. Campbell
flitted gayly about from flower to flower,
doing his best to welcome outsiders to
Oakland and to the convention. Tne offi
cers of the association occupied an elevated
platform in front of the choir, from which
the galleries and crowded auditorium pre
sented a spectacle alive with animated
color.
President Earl Barnes of Stanford Uni
versity made a cordial and most courteous
address of welcome to all present. He dwelt
at some little length upon the nobility of a
teacher's calling. In his opinion the re
sponsibility of those charged with the edu
cation of youth is very grave, and teachers
should do all in their power not to prove
false to their exalted vocation.
Wayne P. Smith of San Jose next made
"Some Remarks on 'the Professional
Course." The gentleman's essay was
marked by all the evidences of det*D
thought and extensive acquaintance with
his subject. He laid much stress upon the
training which he opined should be under
gone by aspirants to the teacher's chair,
and his iileas throughout were lucidly and
brilliantly presented.
Durins; a brief intermission Mrs. Blake
Alverson sang Schubert's "Serenade,''
with piar.o accompaniment by Miss Mabel
Hussey and cornet obligate) by Miss
Shipley. The favorite singer's "artistic
rendering of the classic song was
applauded to the echo, and in response to
three imperative recalls she nave Millard's
song, "Let Me Dream Again." in- which
her magnificent soprano displayed itself
to far better advantage than during trie
serenade, being unmarred by the watery
uncertain tones of the cornet, which cer
tainly added no charms to the "Serenade."
Mrf«. Alverson was most tastefully attired
in an afternoon costume of black brocade,
with a vest of black and white striped
satin ana an edging of black and white
silk cord. In spite of the years during
which she has reigned among the best of
California singers her voice seems as clear
and sweet and strong as ever.
Miss Elizabeth A. Packard of Oakland
then read a most entertainin^l paper, tak
ing as her subject "The Poet as a Pil
grim." As the youthful essayist stood
before the vast audience she was a verita
ble study in the most charming daintiness.
Her slight, graceful figure was tastefully
robed in a calling costume of cadet-blue
ladies' cloth, with a bouffant waist of flow-
ert'd India silk and a girdle of ahirred vel*
vet in the same shade. A coquettish little
bonnet of cadet-blue velvet witL a crown
of bronze green tipped by a pair of lustrous
pheasant wings gave a jaunty finish to a
fascinating toilet.
Miss Packard's treatment of her subject
was interesting to the last degree. She
took her hearers on a romantic journey
through realms of poesy and song, sud
denly stopping in out-of-the-way places to
call attention to some ancient legend or
historic shrine, and every now and then
recurring to her principal contention, that
children in school should be imbued with
a true and discerning love of the beautiful.
Her paper was received with many signs
of approval.
The last paper of the afternoon was read
by F. P. Dresslar of Los Angeles on "The
New Psychology and Its Pedagogical Sig
nificance." The matter treated was some
what abstruse, but the essayist handled
his subject well. He contthded thitt
psychology as at present understood is not
new, but simply a development of the old
science as taught in the ancient schools.
He said that introspection should be the
cardinal rule of all study, and that the
teacher's first duty ought to be the culti
vation of the pupil's mind, since the mind
must be prepared to receive knowledge be
fore it can learn in the true sense. Some
little discussion followed, after which an
adjournment was taken.
In the evening the members and their
friends assembled in tlie High School
building to enjoy a delightful promenade
concert. The auditorium had been beauti
ful by day, but it was indescribably charm
ing by night. The lavish floral decora
tions seemed to take on a brighter loveli
ness when viewed by the radiance of in
numerable electric lights; while amid
NEW TO-DAT.
A HILLSTONEJN HIsTnECkT
How He Got Rid of It.
Mr. S.s occupation waa such that he felt
the occasional need of a stimulant. Ho
never intended to take more than one
drink— but he generally did. On rare oc-
j casions he actually got full.
| Though it never seriously interfered with
his business, he felt that it was reducing
Ins health and success. He made frequent
resolutions and broke them. He was
slowly going down hill.
Then he found Peruvian Bitters— and he
is now rapidly going up.
Peruvian Bitters are composed of the
] world famous Peruvian Bark and other
I medicinal herbs of great value blended in
fme old California brandy. The invigorat-
ing and tonic effect of the Peruvian liark
co-operates with the stimulating effect of
the brandy, but neutralizes its tendency to
produce an appetite for more. Peruvian
Bitters satisfy tbe desire of a stimulant-
quench the fire instead of adding fuel.
After taking this palatable and highly in-
vigorating drink for a while the desire for
alcoholic stimulants is gone; the appetite
and digestion are in normal condition ; the
system is toned up and every function at
us best. \ou continue to take Peruvian
Bitters, not from habit but because you
feel it does you continuous good, fortifies
you against colds, malaria an«l disease
germs of every description and makes you
"■» as r>ossible a perfect physical being.
Mack <fc Co., San Francisco. All drug-
gists and dealara.
lights and flowers, but fairer far than they,
the Californian lady held sweet sway.
As the guests entered the audiioriuca
Ritzau's orchestra of forty pieces rendered
Wagner's "Rienzi" overture in a most
spirited and artistic manner, while during
the evening the following programme was
given :
Serenade (Moszkowski); waltz, "Stories from
Vienna Woods" (Strauss); Pilgrims' chorus,
"Tannhßuser" (Wagner); operatic selection,
"Wang" (Tobani); intermezzo. "CavnlWia
Rusticana" (Mascugni); overture, "Wjlliiim
Tell" (Rossini); "Traumerei" (Schumann)
Hungarian dances, Nos. 5 and (j (Brahmsj;
Barcarolle (Tschaikowski); fantasie, -Carmen 1 '
(Bizet); "High School Cadets March" (Sousaj.
Nor was the carnal nature of the man
ignored. In a retired nook in the Grov<">
street basement wing, fiir removed from
the scenes of higher joys above, was a deli
cious supper which was by no means al
iowed to waste its sweetness on the sub
terranean air. The broad smooth-floored
corridors as well proved quite attractive to
many promenades, and it is even hinted
that some of the younger pedagoguesses
allowed themselves to be whirled about
over the polished boards to the gay meas
ure of waltz and schottische, though docu
mentary evidence to that effect is wanting.
The attendance while select was large,
among the guests being the following
named :
Superintendent McClrmonda, Mr. Read, Mr.
Friend, Elsie !'.. Lee, Bfiw Etta Brewer, Misa
Annie Brewer, Miss Packard, Mr. Hurrill, Mtgg
Helton, Miss Helling, Miss Wurtx, Miss Mo
I Clure. Miss McCord.Miss Beniface, Miss Fisher,
Miss Brownell, Mr. Bkdenbach, Mr. Water
niHii, Mr. Draper, James Casewell, Miss Her
nek, Miss Connors, Misa Bnook, Mica Littie
john, Mr. Wfnkler, Professor Le Conte, Pro
fessor Woodsworth. Mica Margaret Wythe,
Professor J. P. Garliek, Principal Frick, Mis»
W. H. Abel, Miss 11. Gertrude Abel
and Mrs. Henry Abel; D. H. Chaplin,
Milpitas; p. k JSarthel, R. A. l.cc, G.
W. Chilas.Miss w. W'Bsliliurn, Miss English,
Miss Felker, Matilda S. Barker. R. S. Hohvay,
Ban Jose; Haute K. Gower, A. C. Francisco, Los
Angeles; l N T . Chaplin, Ban Francisco; Con*
Btatelie New, Amador; Miss Patton, Stockton;
Helen Swett, Martinez; W. H. Donahue, Mer
cie Fanibwortri, Sacramento; J. B. Sanford,
Ikiah; Elizabeth A. ISroun, Hollister; Georgia
Haß'her, Hopland; Annie F. Glover, Marys
ville; Mr-. K. Adams, Santa Cruz; J. H. Kil
anor, Estelle M. Jjamh, .1. W. Graham,
Palo Alto; Martha M. Turner, William
11. Murray, W. E. Taylor, Lucie Har
ris, Boflie Forest, Florella Wilkersham,
Misses L. and S. Somerville, I>. A. Mobly, Misa
8. Ornnaky, Miss I). Lottman, Miss Ora Boring,
Miss H 8 F. Dor ranee, Miss ii. Mitchell, Miss A.
Turner. Miss McDonald. Mr-. Aldrich, Mr*.
Syms, Mi^s Srr.»llfield, Q. W. Braddock, Mr.
Ridenowe, -Mr. Israd, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Brown,
Julia Mann, Mrs. P. M. Cendlt, J.H.Francis,
E. 11. Ride:;our, Stockton ; W. E. Holmes, J.U.
Reynolds, George A. Brown, San Franoisco;
Mrs. A. P». McNeil, the Misses Florence and
Surah McNeil. W. L. Baker. Minnie M. Nobj<',
San Jose; M. C. L>ecpy, Tillie Kaiser, Co.
rnanche; Anna McLanahan. Sacramento;
Grace V. Shearer, Mius M. Clauseman,
Salinas; 11. C. Petray, Alice 11. Dougherty,
William G. Cornell, " Liverpool ; J. C. Bhinn,
Xiles; Mrs. I. J. Thompson, Sunol ; Ira G. Hoit't,
ex-State Superintendent of Schools, Burlin
game; C. J. Walter, Tulare; Blanche A. Bates,
Miss Marble, Charles H. Keys and wife, Profes
sor Earle Barnes, Walter Kenyon, J. E. Adicltlt,
William Bush, Margaret Thomas, C. A. Thur
ston, J. B. Turner, C. S. Craig, W. Fox, Eliza
beth Sargent Wilson, J. Wood, F. D. Dressier, H.
K. Cox, 0. W. Edwin, Sadie V. Gamer, lilaa
Helen Ford, Lew (,'ushman, Mrs. M. E. Goshaoi,
Miss Maden. Francis B. Orton, W. F. Hall,
George W. Fox, Job Wood, S. F. Black. F. L.
Burk, Ruth Roy, S. 11. Goodyram, J. A. Toshay,
Miss llattie Shute, A. C. Means, Ferdinand
Sanford; 11. L. Wilson, William 11. Morrison,
Mi-< Ida Lemor, Miss Clara Eckhardt.
A liimg ContinuaacK.
Samuel Burke, a young man, appeared in
Judge Low's court yesterday to answer a
charge of vagrancy. He demanded a jury
trial, and at the request of Prosecuting Attojr
u ey Madden the case was set for trial on July
lt>. Hurke was considerably staggered by the
length of the continuance, and as he will have
to remain in prison till July unless he gets
bail, the probability is that he will waive a
jury before then.
Will Dr. Schumann Please Call?
Will Dr. Maxiine Schumann kindly call at
the rooms oi the City editor of this paper, 50 9
Clay street, as soon as this comes to his atten-.
tion ?
NEW TO-DAT.
S i^n^^^ yjj^ML fIE B^^-*
camel is a beast of great strength
and endurance. Nothing hurts it nntil the
proverbial "last straw" is added to ita
burden. The human digestive system is
very much like a camel. You can impose
on it to a wonderful degree. It is really as-
♦.onfching how much abuse it will stand
before it breaks down. "The last straw"
doesn't break it down, but it makes it stop
work. Continually put the wrong things
into your stomach, and digestion will get
weaker and weaker. Before long, some-
thing worse than usual will be eaten, and
will go through the stomach into the
bowels, and there it will stick— that's con.
stipation. Let it continue, and there is noth-
ing bad that it will not lead to. Nine-tenth*
of all human sickness is due to constipa-
tion. Some of the simplest symptoms are
coated tongue and foul breath, dizziness,
heartburn, flatulence, sallowness, distress
after eating, headaches and lassitude. • A
little thing will cause constipation, and a
little thing will relieve it. Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets are a certain cure for con-
stipation. They are tiny, sugar-coated :
granules, mild and natural in their action.
There is nothing injurious about, them,
You can take them just as freely as you
take your food. There is no danger that
you will become a slave to their use. They
will cure you and then you can stop taking
them. Send for free sample package of
from 4to 7 doses. World's Dispensary
Medipal Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
A OREAT BOOK FREE. .
• Over 680,000 copies of Dr. Pierce* Com-
mon Sense Medical Adviser have been sold
at the regular price, $1.50. The profits on
this immense sale have been used in print-
ing a new edition of 500,000 copies, bound
in strong paper covers, which is to be given
away absolutely free. A copy will be Bent
to any address on receipt of 21 one-cent
6tamps to cover cost of mailing only.
Address World's Dispensary Medical A»-
6ociation, 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIESIRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN" UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
TUB PRICE OF
CROWN FLODR
HAS ADVANCED.
BWTEHAfC
T STHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOtTR
X eyes and lit them to Spectacles or Eyeglaisei
with Instruments of his own Invention, vrhosa
superiority has cot been equaled. My succeu hju
been due to the merits of my worlc.
- Ottice Hours— l 2 to c. M.