VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 150.
GRANT'S NAME
CAN NEVER DIE
Seventy ■ Fourth Anniver- 1
sary of His Birth
Observed.
EXERCISES AT GALENA.
Ex-Pension Commissioner Black
Eulogizes the Great Hero of
the Rebellion.
MEMORIAL BANQUETS HELD.
Distinguished Men of the Present Time
Unite in Recalling Noble Deeds
of the Past.
GALENA, 111., April 27.— The seventy
fourth anniversary of the birth of General
Grant was celebrated at Galena to-day
with unusual enthusiasm. Business is
generally suspended, the city is in holiday
garb. and hundreds of visitors from other
parts of the State, as well as from across
the lowa border, are joining with Galena
citizens in the celebration. A large dele
gation from Chicago, headed by Hon. H.
11. Kohlsaat of the Times-Herald, who a
year ago presented to the city a magnifi
cent oil painting of Lee's surrender to
Grant at Appomattox, and who is also the
donor of the statue in Grant Park, arrived
this morning at 10 o'clock.
The events of the day were inaugurated
with a parade of citizens, municipal de-
partments, Grand Army and secret and
patriotic societies. Following this was a
reunion of the survivors of the Twelfth
Regiment of Illinois Volunteers. This
was the regiment in which Grant first en
listed. He was offered the captaincy of a
company, but declined it, and General A.
L. Ch-Main, now of Chicago, and who is
present to-day, was chosen in his place.
The redoubtable Jerry Simpson of Kansas
is abo one of the survivors of the Twelfth.
The chief feature of the day's pro
gramme was the mass meeting this after
noon in Turner Hall, and at which, after
patriotic selections by the orchestra and
audience, ex-Congressman General John
C. Black, now United States District At
torney for the Northern District of
Illinois, delivered the oration. -i
In beginning his oration General Black j
.•aid ;. ..-.:._■ 3_
lie who has trodden the high uplands of I
middle age, or . perchance turned to its de
clivities that run down into the shadows, has
not need of belief in his personal immortality
to understand why the great live forever. For
by his side so journeying troot* the fair com
panions of childhood, those with whom he
played and who stood with him in the early
morning while the world was sweet with the
dewy incense oi flowers and radientwith the
pearly lights of dawn; and after them
come the stronger figures of joyous and
emulous youth; they whose garments
begin to show the first dust of the journey,
whose faces the first loss of childhood's celes
tial glow; and after these, those heroic figures
whom we have seen and admired, although
moving in different spheres; such a Pantheon
of the beloved and venerated in each man's
memory. And the universal memory of the
country preserves in like fashion the memor
ries and shades of its beautiful, its good, its
true, its strong and brave.
He who stands by Yorktown sees, not the
lowlands and tumbling sea, but there arise
before him Washington and Lafayette and the
united armies of France and America; at
Bunker Hill stands Warren's slender form; at
Valley Forge the worn and starving conti
nentals; at Vicksburg, Grant and Logan,
McPherson and Sherman, McClellan and Blair,
and the invincible besiegers; at Gettysburg,
Hancock and Meade, and Doubleday and
Sick els; over against them Lee and Longstreet
and Pickett and 150,000 struggling men; at
Appomattox, Grant and a vast host
and a gallant quarry 1 In the old.
Senate chamber we observe, not the
quaint columns and the vaulted roof, but
all the ghostly echoes are vibrant with Clay
and Calhoun, Benton and Webster; their
shades troop forth along the uncolumned air;
they gather where their earthly deeds were
done; they fill the measures of heroic song;
the pages of history show their brave acts and
noble speech; their dust may be scattered on
the winds, lost in the loving and all-embrac
ing earth, but themselves, grown into luminous
bands, rise and form a shining array till they
fill the whole heaven of recollection, and,
gathered about their country's broad-based
aud growing structure, become its immortal
guards. Such an immortality belongs to those
who fell at Marathon, and those who tinged
the blue sea with their blood at Salamis and
Trafalgar; such are all our immortals!
They will not die from among us; they
throng our exalted stations; they point to
glorified battle plains and to high scaffolds,
where they paid the last obligations to right;
they sentinel the long and growing highways of
fame; they cluster around heroic epochs made
noble by teeir speech or written word or un
selfish deed; they are the better angels of our
National life, and point to highest purpose
and noblest devotion, to love of country and
her cause.
After reviewing the gallant services ren
dered the Nation by General Grant the ex-
Pension Commissioner concluded his ad
dress as follows:
Character such as that of Grant was slow in
growth; not attracting public attention,
known only to the most intimate of his com
panions, and not fully comprehended by
them; it was accretion to a rock; when the
hopr came for its display it was found ringed
and banded by all the surroundings of his life.
How true he was to friends all know. His
word was pledged at Appomattox to * the
■Southern soldiery, and at a later day, when it
was proposed to ignore the terms he had
made, he stood like a lion for those who had
trusted bis word— saved them. When he
discovered that his purposes were opposed by.
constitutional authority he bowed his crested
head and let the island of San Domingo go.
He upheld the traditions of his country and
announced, as the illustrious before and since
him have done, that on American soil there
was room only for American institutions.
At last, his life's work done, he bowed to the
inevitable. All men . watched those closing
hours— alike his comrades and those devoted
opponents whom his arms had saved for the
nobler destinies of our citizenshiD. Of old
they turned a river by and buried the conqueror
deep in its bend, where no vengeful hand
could ever desecrate his sad remains. But our
hero passed away in the sight of all men,
weeping and listening, and from those lips
that had spoken the iron words of inexorable
war breathed in faint tones that shalt shake
The San Francisco Call.
down the fortresses of strife and pierce all
hearts with their loving power, their balm and
benediction: -This is what I have longed to
see before I died, the peace of my* country agd
the reconciliation of the estranged"— the
growing tone of that earlier cry. '-Let us have
peace." 3 'J v *
Grave in demeanor, quiet in beating; not
given to public speech, but charming in per
sonal converse; pure-tongued as a woman, he
said, "I have never, to my knowledge, uttered
a profane word"; quick in braving; respecting
others as well as himself; of very wide and
most accurate information; so simple in man
ner that sometimes others believed him pliant,
yet determined to to the edge of immobility;
accepting all counsel and assuming all com
mand and responsibility; possessed of common
sense in large development; remorseless in
execution, but tender in victory; sure of his
chosen subalterns, trustful of his tried soldiery;
counting the cost, yet paying the whole need
ful price— no wonder that victory attached
herself to his cause and loaded his life with
her choicest prizes. He stood—
Serene amid alarms.
Inflexible in faith, invincible in arms.
And now we have assembled about his statue
three-quarters of a century after his birth, and
while the recollections of him still abide with
many living witnesses, to renew our regard
and tell our affection for him whose ashes are
treasured by our distant countrymen in his
toric urn at the gateway from the sea to the
land he helped to keep— let them guard hit
ashes! Here is the threshold over which he
stepped to fame ! This the town that was his
home, and this the State that upheld him
throughout every moment of his prosperity
and greatness! The thronging thousands who
shall lift careful eyes to the monument at
Riverside shall see beside it a figure pointing
over mountain and plain and saying: "He
who sleeps here was a son of Illinois, and from
her mighty nurturing arms rose to continental
stature and boundless fame."
A feature of the day was the arrival from
the Rock Island arsenal of an historic can
non captured by members of the Forty
fifth Illinois Volunteers during Sherman's
march to the sea, and upon which is the
inscription: "Presented to the Sovereign
State of South Carolina in Commemoration
of the Twentieth Day of December, 1860, by
Citizens Abroad."
This piece of ordnance ran the blockade
at Charleston, S. C, and was actively used
throughout the war, first by tbe Confeder
ates and afserwards by its captors. Here
after it will rest beneath the Grant Monu-
ment in the Public Park, having been do
nated by Congress for that purpose through
the medium of a bill passed within the last
few days.
AT THE BAXQVET BOARD.
Grant's Memory Honored With Speech
and Good Fellowship,
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 27.—Gen
eral Grant's memory was honored with
speech, story and good fellowship at the
Union League Club to-night. Many prom
inent men in military, naval, official and
civil life were present. The dinner was
held in the large banqueting hall, which
was profusely decorated with flowers and
bunting. The bust of Grant and his por
trait were draped with the stars and
stripes and were placed . directly behind
the President's table. Colonel Fred D.
Grant was the guest of honor. Upon
the conclusion of the dinner, the
following toasts were announced: "The
President of the United States," "The
Memory of Grant,'"' Hon. Robert S. Cous
ins of Iowa;, "Congress," Hon. John" L.
Dalzell of Pensylvanin; "Grant in * Di
plomacy," Hon. Andrew D. White of New
York; "The Army," Hon.. Charles S.
Grosvenor of Ohio; "The Navy/ Hon.
Charles A. Boutelle of Maine; "The
Heroes of the South," General M. C. But
ler of South Carolina. : 3 '7 3»A~3:
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 27.— The tenth
annual dinner of the Americus Club in
honor of the birthday of General U. S.
Grant was given this evening. The feast
ing and brilliant oratory drew a repre
sentative assemblage of Republicans to the
Monangahela House, where the festivities
were held. The guests of honor included
members of Congress, State officials,
Judges of the courts and local political
lights. Covers were laid for 32-4 guests and
not a chair was Vacant. Hon. Thomas J.
Stewart, adjutant-general of Pennsyl
vania, filled the office of toastmaster. The
principal speakers of the evening were:
Congressman J. P. Dolliver of lowa, who
talked of "Grant." Senator C. K. Davis of
Minnesota spoke of "Progressive Repub
licanism," his address arousing much en
thusiasm. Congressman L. E. Quigg of
New York talked of the "Party of Grant."
Letters of regret were read from a host
ot people, among them Mrs. General U. S.
Grant, Colonel Fred D. Grant, ex-Presi
dent Benjamin Harrison, Governor Levi
P. Morton, Senator W. B. Allison, ex-
Governor McKinley of Ohio, Robert T.
Lincoln, Governor W. O. Bradley of Ken
tucky, Governor Hastings*r3f Pennsylvania
and many others. .33 3-*' 7
NEW. YORK, M. V., April 27.— The
ninth annual dinner of the Grant Banquet
Association was held to-night at the Wal
dorf Hotel. Covers were laid for 108.
Among those present were President
Granville A. Dodd, General James A.
Williamson, Governor Hastings of Penn
sylvania, Posmaster-General Wilson,
Mayor William I. Strong of New York,
Commodore Sicard, U. 8. N. ; General
Wager Swain, Joseph H. Choate and
Mayor Worster of Brooklyn. Speeches
were made by General Dodd, Postmaßter-
General Wilson, Governor Hastings and
General Horace Porter, eulogizing the life
and services of General Grant.
BOSTON, Mass., April 27.— seventy
fourth anniversary of the birth of General
Grant was celebrated by the Middlesex
Club this evening at a dinner at the Hotel
Brunswick. More than 350 members and
guests were in attendance. The guests
of the evening included Senator John M.
Thurston of Nebraska,* Lieutenant-General
James Longstreet of Georgia, Hon. J. B.
Koraker of Ohio and Hon. James H. Hoyt
of Ohio. General James Longstreet, Sena
tor Foraker and Senator Thurston spoke.
To Accept the Proposition.
NEW YORK, •N. V., April 27.-At a
meeting of the bondholders of the Omaha
and St. Paul Railroad to-day Jit was voted
to accept the proposition made by the syn
dicate, consisting of Drexel & Co. of Phila
delphia, the Gil man Sons Company of this
city and the Missouri, Kansas and Texas
Trust Company. . The syndicate is be
lieved to i represent either the Wabash or
Rock Island roads. The offer is to pur
chase tbe certificates of the Omaha and St.
Louis first mortgage bondholders, to pay
therefor 75 per cent in 4 per cent first
mortgage gold bonds and 25 per cent in
stock of the new company that will take
over the property .and. franchises of the
Omaha and St. Louis. The same terms
are offered to the second mortgage bond
holders. nJ____HßM£HEi
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON. D.C., April 27.— The
treasury gold reserve to-day at the close
of business - stood at $125,732,730. The
withdrawals for; the day amounted to
$123,700.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING,: APRIL 28, 1896.
WAITING FOR SOMETHING TO POP.
FRESH AID FOR
THE INSURGENTS.
Sympathizers of Cubans Are
Rejoicing Over Good
News.
MEN AND ARMS LANDED.
An Important Adjunct to the
Patriots Who Are Fighting
for Freedom.
MINOR BATTLES ARE REPORTED
"••■;;.: ■ 3.
Already a Loss of Over a Million Is
Caused by the Burning of
Tobacco Fields.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 27.— The Cuban
sympathizers in this city are secretly re
joicing over the receipt of trustworthy
intelligence that further aid for the in
surgents has arrived. An expedition with
a large quantity of arms and ammunition
has safely landed on > the coast of Pinar
del Rio, and the supplies are now safe in
the hands of the patriots. The expedition
comprised a large number of men, all well
armed and equipped for instant service.
No details are given as to where the ex
pedition was from, but there is no doubt
of its having safely evaded the Spanish
warships and troops.- . 77- : 7
Colonel Zubia reports that the troops
under his command met a band of rebels
on the' San Jose estate, near Camajuani.
A brisk fight followed, in which' the rebels
lost four killed. The insurgents retreated,
but were followed by the troops, who
again attacked them. - The rebels made a
stout resistance, but could not-, withstand
the fire of the troops and were compelled
to retreat, leaving eleven dead on the
field. The troops, - according . to the re
port, had only. three wounded in. both
fights, a claim that has a seeming air of
improbability. . 7 : 7!' t -7 : 7y'.
While Col. Pinto's" command was recon
noitering on the Con-chita estate nearMariel
a rebel band, under Perico Delgardo, was
encountered. The 3 insurgents occupied
strong positions in the Rubi hills, but the
troops dislodged them and pursued them
into the mountains. The : loss of the in
surgents is said to have been heavy. They
left twelve dead on the field; and two men
were wounded died later. j The troops had
seven wounded.
General Kazan has gone to Santa Clara.
It is understood that he has been ordered
away on an important -mission. : Among
the documents found on' the body of Jose
Alfonso, the leader, who was killed
near Cardenas, was a circular ordering him
to respect the property of Americans.
Manuel Martinez - Valengua was shot
this morning in the Cabanas fortress for
rebellion and arson.
There is no news concerning the, move
ments of Maceo, who, is still in the pro
vince of Pinar del Rio.
The rebels have burned all of the to
bacco plantations 3 belonging to Pedro
Marias, near Dimas, in the Pinar del Rio
province. Altogether, with other prop
erty, over. 300 houses and 40,000 bales of
tobacco were destroyed. The loss is * esti
mated at : over $1,000,000, that of Marias
alone being $700,000. * '
The misery resultant from the firing of
the plantations : is : terrible. Three thou
sand people are rendered homeless. . They
are being protected by the Government as
best they can be fed with military rations.
The rebels made an attack upon the
town of Sitio Grande, near Sagu, but were
repulsed. Maximo Gomez is reported at
Sancti Spiritus, organizing his forces for a
new invasion of the Matanzas and Havana
provinces. He is said by other reports to
have already started to march his men in
pursuance of his purpose \of invasion in
the provinces mentioned. It is believed,
however, that he will not be successful, as
the Government is taking strong meas
ures to prevent him from "accomplishing
his object. * -',3=*3''3
The elections passed off >'etly 'yester
day, and resulted in the e^.tion of con
servative and Autonomist candidates. "'"'
DEPARTURE Of THE' BERMUDA.
Again on the Way to .Cuba With Men for
the Insurgents. *"*' -77-- '"**. ■*. ■:
JACKSONVILLE, Flx., April 27.-The
filibustering steamer Bermuda left this
port at 1:40 this morning, but did not
cross the bar until 7 o'clock, having been
detained on the twenty - mile trip by
numerous embarkations of men. The
number of men she carried cutis variously
estimated at from 200 to 300. . The com
mander of the expedition is said to be the
old veteran, General Videl, with General
Torres second In command. The Cubans
in Jacksonville have heard that Spanish
cruisers were sent north from Key West to
intercept the vessel, but they say that the
Bermuda will outrun them, barring acci
.dents to her engines, and if cornered will
fight. : '. _ ,'..'■;'■■:'
GEXERAL MACEO DETERMIXED.
Would Dike to Obtain Rifles and a Lot
■' of Cartridges.
. NEW YORK, N. : V., April ' 27— Senor
Palma of the Cuban Junta has received a
letter from General Antonio Maceo, dated
El Rubi, Pinar del Rio, April 14, in which
he says: "- ; 3 33 .3,. ,3:
"With us everything goes on very well,
and there is no doubt of our ability to tri
umph, if by no other means', by exhausting
Spain. However, as an early termination
of the war must besought for, and as I
read in the papers that it is discussed
whether the United States should inter
vene or not, and I have no doubt that, im
pelled by your patriotism, you mate
every effort to obtain whatever may be
beneficial for Cuba, I take the liberty
of remarking that the surest way
way of bringing the war to a very early
termination would be to place her some
20,000 rifles and 4,000,000 cartridges. If
the United States, observing their own
laws, will not interfere with the shipments
of arms and ammunition for 1 us, it would
be a great service rendered to Cuba with
out provoking any complications with
Spain, for as I understand those shipments
would be perfectly legal.
"I have been compelled -by circum
stances to resort to extreme measures.
General Weyler, in his wild desire of gain
ing glory and of obstructing the recogni
tion of our belligerency, went in* his proc
lamation so far as to promise the planters
that they would be able -to grind their
sugar-cane, while to the Government
he v* gave the • assurance that the
elections could be peaceably held, ' and
to the country at large -he declared
that the Pinar del .Rio and - some
other provinces would be soon pacified.
Some of the planters expressing a them
selves willing to believe; that the general
would keep his promise began to get ready
for grinding the cane. Under the circum
stances I made up my mind to invade
Pinar del Rio 3 again in order to show
that we are fully able to compel obedience
to the orders of our Government. lam
perfectly satisfied with the success which
has attended all my operations during this
second invasion which shall last as long as
there is' anything to destroy from which
Spain may derive revenue." .
Due to Dull Trade.
BOSTON, Mass., April j 27.— Pemberton
Brothers, dealers in sheepskins, with a
factory at Peabody.Mass.,' have - assigned
for the benefit of their creditors. The firm
of B. E. Baker & Co., dealers in goatskins,
of which the Pemberton, Brothers: are
members, join in the assignment.: The
aggregate ' indebtedness ;is "' about | $300,000.
The suspension was due to the dullness of
trade, shrinkage of values and -the- diffi
culty of making prompt collections. ,~". '
LEAVES A WIDE
PATH OF RUIN
Terrible Havoc of the Big
Cyclone That Swept
? .., . r Kansas.
MANY HOMES LAID LOW.
Six Persons Killed During the
Fury of the Twister and
Others Injured.
SOME MIRACULOUS ESCAPES.
At One Razed House a Mother With
Babe in Arms .Was Not
Hurt at All.
CLIFTON, Kan., April 27.— Later details
from : the scene of the cyclone Saturday
night do not change the figures in regard
to the 'loss of : life. For a distance of four
or five miles a space a quarter of a mile
wide is covered with wreckage. In this
strip ten houses were demolished, six peo
ple killed, two fatally ; injured and fifteen
hurt. Mrs. Bong, hearing the storm com
ing, rushed, into the pantry under the
stairway. She had barely got there when
the whole upper part of the house disap
peared in the darkness. She remained in
the house all night and was found by the
neighbors in the morning calmly sitting
amid the ruins.
Near this house in the track of the storm
stood the home of ; a doctor called Indian
John. ; Two other men were in the house
at the. time. . Suddenly, without a mo
ment's warning, the house was crushed
like an eggshell, but the men were un
injured. In the home of Frank Peterson,
which was wrecked, were S seven persons,
six of them members 'of the ? Peterson
family, and a hired man. The house was
scattered over several acres, the barn
ruined and Peterson's wife and daughter
killed and ail the others more or less in
jured. Just below Peterson's place lived
Ola Halverson. 3 His home was taken to
the northeast. Not . one stick upon an
other was left, and Halverson' wife was
killed and himself badly injured.
At the house •of . Charles ■ Gardner the
family started for the cellar when the
roar of the storm was beard, but before
they got to the door the house was dashed
to pieces. Mr. Gardner says
"I saw my wife.pick up the baby and
then a crash came. , I remember nothing
more till : I felt the ; rain falling on my
face. ;, I arose and looked around. - The
house had disappeared. .1 called to my
wife I and she ! answered, and - going
toward her I found her with the
baby .* in ; her arms amid the frag
ments of the house. | She was uninjured,
arid had j the : baby ; safe. One of my boys
was under a part of the wall on one :. side
of the house. One of his legs was broken
below the knee. I took a stick and pried
him loose. uMy five-year-old boy had dis
appeared, but | after some search I found
him sixty rods from the house in the mud,
not seriously injured."
At Peter Anderson's, just across the val
ley from Gardener's, the wreck was even
worse, nothing being left but the cellar.
There were seven members in the family.
The house was. blown ; from over their
heads. Anderson soon found all the mem
bers of his family except the child of his
daughter, five years old. The poor little
fellow was found in the morning dead.
| An Arkansas Cyclone.
I, MEMPHIS, April 27.— dimiu-
tive cyclone swept over a portion of Ar
kansas yesterday afternoon, wrecking a
considerable amount of more or less val
uable property, but so far as reported no
lives were lost. It was heaviest in the
vicinity of Morrillton. 3> ; -33 }7?l'
JfOETH DAKOTA'S TWISTER.
Buildings Demolished by a Cyclone Dur
',"' * ing Its Course.'
FARGO, N. D., April 27.— The first cy
clone in North Dakota since the Fargo
catastrophe in 1890 is reported west of
Barnes County last evening. The
cyclone formed in the southern end
of • Lake Eckleson, moving in a zig
zag course in a northeasterly direction.
The first damage is reported at Sanborn,
where a schoolhouse and barn were com
pletely demolished. The cloud was funnel
shaped and inky black at the bottom.
The people at Sanborn were greatly fright
ened and took refuge in cellars. The
storm veered slightly and passed without
further damage. /
The force of the storm was greatest at
Hobart where all the farm buildings of
Nels Munson were swept away. Mrs.
Munson rushed to the cellar where she
remained until the storm had passed. The
building was swept, from over her head
and the cellar was filled with debris com
pletely burying her, but fortunately she
escaped with a few bruises. Mr. Munson
was carried away with the house and was
found unconscious lying in a slough
fifty yards from where the building
had stood. His arms and legs
are broken and it is thought he is injured
internally. Recovery is doubtful. Farm
implements were twisted and broken and
scattered all over tbe farm, and the coal
stove cannot be found. The path of de
struction was only a few feet in width and
included but few buildings in its course of
about eight miles. The force of the storm
was spent at Valley City. Wires between
here and Hobart are down.
GREAT SKIX-GRAETING.
life and Arms of a Man Saved by Sue-
cessful Operations.
WICHITA, Kans., April 27.— One of the
most remarkable skin-grafting operations
on record has just been performed at
Kingman, a few miles west of this city.
While attempting to save a child from a
burnine building several weeks ago J. H.
Light was terribly burned about the face
and arms and physicians despaired of his
life. It was decided as a last resort to
amputate both arms, but the family ob
jected and urged the doctors to try skin
grafting. The family and friends agreed
to furnish the necessary grafts. It took
two days to prepare the patient to receive
them. Eight persons contributed from 50
to 200 grafts each, making a total of 637.
The pieces are knitting satisfactorily, and
Dr. Buck, who performed the operation,
says his patient will soon be out.
EVIDENCE OF A MURDER.
Bloodstained Garments Worn by John H.
f^Brownrigg^of Dublin Found in
->.-,o- Freightcar. .
SIOUX CITY, lowa. April 27.—
dences of a murder of which John H.
Brownrigg, late of Dublin, Ireland, is sup
posed to have - been the victim have been
found by the Sioux City police in a Chi
cago, Burlington and Northern boxcar re
cently received here from some point in
Missouri not yet known to the officers. The
car was switched into the yards here to be
loaded with ties. The men engaged in the
work, on opening it, discovered on the
floor a bloodstained canvas coat, hat, shirt
and newspaper. Tbe coat and hat were
cut in several places as though a knife had
been thrust through them. ><3
In the coat pocket was a letter written
by Edward S. Roe of Dublin to John L.
Roe of Union, Vancouver Island, intro
ducing John H. Brownrigg, who, it was
explained, would leave November 1, 1895,
for the latter place to locate.
-The. local authorities think Brownrigg
was murdered in the car and his body was
thrown out. They are investigating with
a view to ascertaining its starting point.
It has already been traced to St. Louis, but
as the trains for this section are all made
up there, it is by no means certain that the
clothing was not left in the car before that
city was reached.
RIOTS AMONG SICILIANS
Populace of Paterno Incensed
Against the Imposition of
Unjust Taxes.
Soldiers Stoned and an Attempt Made
to Open the Prison and Re
lease Convicts. .
PALERMO, Sicily, April 27.— There was
a riot to-day at Paterno, a city ten miles
northwest of Catania. The populace,
which consists chiefly of tbe lower classes,
became incensed against the imposition of
the communal taxes, and made a demon
stration at one time which threatened to
become very serious. . •
The mob attacked the house of the
Syndic or Mayor and smashed tbe win
dows and destroyed a number of street
lamps. They then set fire to the office of
the Octroi, where the tax on provisions,
etc., entering the city is collected, and to
a number :of sentry boxes, and they were
destroyed. The mob was in a most dan
gerous, humor and. the gendarmes were
powerless to quell the disturbance.
The military were called out, but the
rioters stoned the troops, severely wound
ing an officer and three soldiers. An
attempt was made to open the prison and
release the convicts, but this was for
tunately prevented by the troops. The
situation was becoming extremely critical
when the Prefect of Catania arrived on
the scene. 333 .
7 He finally, after several fruitless at
tempts, got the crowd to listen to him.
He promised that some of the more bur
densome of the grievances of the people
would be redressed, ; and by his concilia
tory attitude ultimately calmed the pas
sions of the mob, which then dispersed.
Failure of a Large Firm.
ROCHESTER, N.Y., April 27.— 1t was
announced this morning that the large
sash, door and blind manufactury of John
A. Smith was in the hands of the Traders'
National Bank:. by : *. virtue of two mort
gages aggregating • $500,000. ,It is • under
stood that Smith's failure was induced by
stagnation in business, and has no con
nection with the lumber failure of Water,
Armstrong & Clark, which occurred last
Saturday.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NATIVE SONS
AT SAN LUIS
Stockton's Workers Capture
the Admission Day
Celebration.
GOOD -WILL PREVAILS.
Claims of the "New Chicago"
Are Allowed Without an
Argument.
GUESTS GIVEN THE CITY'S KEY.
Take Full Possession of the Tempo
rary Capital of the Golden
. ■"•'.'. West.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., April 27.—
Henry Martin walked up the street to the
Pavilion Theater at ten minutes after noon
to-day. The heavy and popular grand
treasurer was late. Tall Senator Bert had
observed him approaching, however, and
had announced that fact to the presiding
officer, so when the treasurer walked down
the spacious aisle the officers and dele
gates were waiting, though in their
places. '* 3 -*33". ' * ?'■£,'. '.". '-* : '3 77 '7 ' 3 '
. Mr. Martin sat down. He smiled broadly
and dried his perspiring brow with a
handkerchief, and then the annual con
vention of the Native Sons was called to
order. 333 W.-!',77 v.
This was the opening session, and 4 after
the preliminary business was done an ad
journment for two hours was ordered for
the benefit of the committee on creden
tials.
Later, iv j the afternoon two matters of
public interest were taken up— the selec
tion of a place to hold the Admission day
celebration in September and the choice of
a town in which to have the annual con
vention next year. The first matter was
promptly disposed of, and the Natives will
gather at Stockton on Admission day.
Stockton was determined to have the
September celebration, and it sent its men
herewith instructions to win in spite of
any opposition. Delegate H. R. McNoble
had a magnificent oration already to de
liver. He had been thinking about it for
days. He intended to tell the Natives of
the glory of the "new Chicago," and to
point out in his most emphatic way the
| commercial importance of its location.
j McNoble is an orator of fame as well as
of ability, and it is mainly to his elo
quence that Stockton's easy victory is
ascribed. The delegates all knew that he
could deliver just such an oration. They
knew that they could not resist the argu
ments if they, listened, so they surren
dered to Stockton in advance. Mr. Mc-
Noble did not have to speak.
George E. Catts and W. B. Nutter, the
other Stockton delegates, were also pre
pared to speak. ' They also are orators.
A good talking delegation had been elected
at Stockton for the purpose of capturing
the convention.. These two men would
have left no truth unexpounded, however
much might have been overlooked by Mr.
Noble.
They would have reviewed the history
of their San Joaquin region from the first
day that the river flowed. They would
have pictured the glory and the romance
of Stockton life at autumn time, and they
would appeal to the delegates with all the
carrying force of an ebbing tide on the
overflowed lowlands, and with all the im
aginative beauty of the inland mirage
that they and their home brethren know.
But their eloquence was not heard.
Every opposing delegation capitulated
when the Stockton motion was made, and
the city on the river was chosen without
debate or any opposition: -K.3 s i 3*.
The choice of a place for the next annual
convention was considered. Redwood
City's delegation extended a hearty invi
tation. San Francisco was named in one
of the motions.
The outside delegates seem to think that
Redwood City's invitation should be ac
cepted, but San Francisco can command a
large vote if its motion is urged. Watson
ville asserted a claim to convention recog
nition, and to-morrow Delegate Boyd of
San Rafael will present a motion in the
Marin County interests. No vote was
taken before to-day's adjournment.
The freedom of the city was tendered to
the guests this evening. A crowd of about
3000 persons assembled about the court
house grounds. A concert was given by
the Fifth Regiment band of San Joss.
Then M. R. De la Guerra of Los Osos Par
lor called the throng to order. Lawyer
William Graves of this city delivered the
address of welcome.
Mayor E. P. TJnangst tendered the free
dom of the city to the Native Sons, mak
ing a very effective speech as he pre sented
to Grand President Frank H. Dunne the
huge gilded key. He saw Milk Inspector
Dockery of San Francisco in the audience,
and made an allusion to San Francisco as
a city ''whose streets run not red with
gore, but white with the chalk of men's
rascality."
The Mayor told Grand President Dunne
to take the key, and if any rusted lock
should refuse to turn to use the key . as a
club and knock the door from its hinges.
Mr. Dunne made a brief and eloquent
reply. "The warmth of our welcome,"
said he, "the gracious words that we
have just listened to, . the friendli
ness and good feeling that are about
us, all these things, generous as they are,
seem to me quite in harmony with the
surroundings and the location of • tbe
place selected for this ' meeting of
our Grand ..Parlor. When we remem
ber that this ground, hallowed by
those Mission Fathers, those pioneers
among the pioneers who first taught of the
value of fraternal association and its ap
plication to our human needs and desires,
it is not difficult to understand the pecu
liar sympathy that makes our coming
among you ; the visit of old friends to old
friends rather than a formal gathering of
i strange visitors. 3
"And in accepting your hospitality in -2
this spirit for the members of the Grand
Parlor and the organization ' that they
represent, let me say that we are not un
mindful of our business here, which is to
deliberate and legislate for the good of
that institution which stands for all that
is commendable and useful in our rela
tions toward each other.
"But the influence for good that this
fraternity would exert if its efforts were
confined within its own limits is compara
tively small compared to the larger field
without. We should not forget that to a
native Californian every part of Cali
fornia is his home; there is no part of its
soil that should not be dear to him.
"This sentiment has been developed by
the strange and eventful history of our
State and strengthened by the richness
and variety of its attractions and
wonderful resources. It is the par
ticular work of this order to foster and
to educate its members to a sense
of their responsibility; encouraging them
to make themselves worthy successors of
that long procession of heroes who have
passed and are passing away.
■'And, again thanking you, let me give
expression to the hope that our labors,
while we remain among you, may result
in permanent good, and that the session
at San Luis Obispo may ever be memora
ble in the history of the fraternity."
A pretty display of fireworks was the
final feature of the evening. Two fire
balloons in red, white and blue went sail
ing high into the moonlight, and away
above the hilltops they struck a current of
air which carried them out toward the sea.
Late to night the Redwood City people
placarded the town and they are making a
strong canvas for the next convention.
It is believed that they will win.
The delegates to the Grand Parlor are as
follows:
California No. 1, San Francisco— John F.
Morse, James P. P. Dockery, Harry Lachman,
W. W. Shannon, W. D. Shea, Leon Dennery.
Sacramento No. Thomas G. Ellers, A. E.
Miller, C. N. Post, Thomas Fox.
Marysville No. 6— P. J. de Lay, Murat F.
Brown.
Stockton No. 7— George E. Catts, W. B. Nut
ter, H. R. McNoble.
Placerville No. 9— Poe McKee, D. G. Carr.
Pacific No. James D. Phelan, D. L. Fitz
gerald, Joseph K. Hawkins.
Humboldt No. 14, Eureka— L. F. Peter, Arthur
W.Hill. r-v
Amador No. 17— P. Vieine.
Areata No. 20— B. Tilley, S. J. Tltlow.
Chico No. 21— W. C. Smith, A. Aorahams.
San Jose No. 22— C. Hogan, S. L. Worden.
Yosemite No. 24, Merced— A. T. Hyde.
Fresno No. 25— L. W. Moultrie, G. C.
Freeman.
Sunset No. 26, Sacramento— J. H. Pond, E. E.
Duden.
' Santa Rosa No. 28— E. Bagley, J. M.
Laughlin.
Golden Gate No. 29, San Francisco— D. Wil
son, C J. Fitzgibbons, W. A. King.
Woodland No. 30— J. Leathers Jr., E. B. Hay
ward.
Excelsior No 31, Jackson— S. Gabarini, J.
F. Davis. , -■> -
lone No. 33— R. H. Bagley.
Mission No. 38, San Francisco— L. Karl, J.
Porcher, E. F. Bert, J. A. Black.
Solano No. 39, Suisun— J. J. Pfister.
Baker No. 42, Bakersfield— H. Glenn.
Fremont No. 44— John Tatham, D. McClos
key.
Los Angeles No. 45— A. Kamish, E. C. Schna
bel.
Alameda No. 47— F. O. Shuman, J. H. Glas.
Plymouth No. 48— S. H. Davis.
San Francisco No. 49— Frank Marini, Louis
H. Powelson, George A. Glover.
Oakland No. 50— J. Allen, H. N. Gard
George C. Gard.
El Dorado No. 52, San Francisco— H. Mass,
Joseph M. Cummings, Fred Koster.
Gridley No. 54— J. F. Shaeffer.
Yuba No. 55, Smartsville. Yuba County—
H. McQuaid. 7~y
Hydraulic No. 56. Nevada City— D. E. Mor
gan, L. S. Calkins, W. E. Johnston.
Quartz No. 58, Grass Valley— A. F. Brady, J.
F. Robinson. . v
Auburn No. 59— L. L. Chamberlain, W. J.
May.
Dixon No. 60— Z. Mcßride.
Los Osos No. 61, San Luis Obispo— J. B.
Black, J. F. Fielder.
Napa No. 62— F. L. Coombs, E. L. Weber.
Silver Star No. 63, Lincoln— J. J. Reeves.
Mount Tamalpais, San Rafael— Thomas P.
Boyd.
Watsonville No. 65— E. McCabe, C. M. Cassln.
Redwood No. 66, Redwood City— G. P. Hull,
F. W. Glennan.
Calaveras No. 67, San Andreas — Edward
Casey.
Lincoln No. 72, San Francisco— George H. D.
Dryden, L. K. Hagenkamp, W. J. McCreery.
Stanford No. 76. San Francisco— D. C. Martin,
E. J. Casey. J. H. Mangels, K. J. Meir.
Vallejo No. 77— F. Dciniuger, G. A. Berg
well.
Friendship No. 78, Camptonville, Yuba
County— C. Groves.
Gilroy No. 81— J. H. Bruen.
Palo Alto No. 82, San Jose— H. Carmel
chel, B. A. Harrington.
Granite No. 58, Folsom— J. E. Burte.
YerDa Buena No. 84, San Francisco— Fred W.
Lees. H. G. Richards.
Sierra No. 85, Forest Hill, Placer County— W.
E. Klaner.
Mount Bailey No. 87, Weavervllle— R. W.
Stiller.
Golden Star No. 88, Altcn, Humboldt County
—Grant Clark.
Santa Cruz No. 90— W. C. Hoffman, R. H.
Pringle, M. Besse.
Downleville No. 92— J. C. Latrielle.
Ferndale No. 93— D. A. Francis.
Las PoEitas No. 96, Livermore— A. W. Feilder,
M. E. Hoi ton. 3-3
Santa Lucia No. 97, Salinas— J. J. Wyatt, P.
E. Z&bala.
Lassen No. 99, Susanville— C. E. Emerson.
Mount Diablo, Martinez— E. Dunkel, J. J.
McMahon. .'_*.,# 333* 33
Glen Ellen No. 102— Robert P. Hill.
Silver Tip No. 103, Vacaville— F. Haas. 3^
Bay City No. 104, San Francisco— H. G. W.
Dinkel spiel, E. W. Levy.
NlanticNo. 105, San Francisco— J. B. Kee
nan, M. G. Owens.
Courtland No. 106— W. A. Johnston.
San Diego No. 108- S. J. Sill, T. J. Dowell.
Ramona No. 109, Los Angeles— Sabi
chi. E. A. Meserve.
Arrowhead No. 110, San Bernardino— D.
Wagner.
Sonoma No. Ill— F. T. Duhring.
Eden Go. 113. Haywards— N. A. McCoughy,
George A. Oakes. 3 3 ; -3 3-
Cabrillo No. 114, Ventura— Julian Cerf, A. F.
Maulhardt.
Santa Barbara No. li6— W. B. Cope, E. M.
Burke.
National No. 118, San Francisco— D. E. Mur-'
den, F. P. Wehe, F. L. McNalley.
Piedmont No. 120, Oakland— Baker,
G. E. De Golia, J. A. Bosquet.
Columbia No. 121, San Francisco — J. R.
Howell. 3 ', f.
Nicomo No. 123— G. E. Dana.
Los Gatos No. 124— N. G. Rogers.
Mountain No. 126, Dutch Flat— P. I. Jolce.
Wisteria No. 127. Alvarado— G. Beebe.
: Nofophui, Loinpoc— l. B. Elkins.
Madera No. 130— J. C. Roberts. ;
Gabilan No. 132, Castroville— M. M. Silva.
Hesperian No. 137, San Francisco— R. P.
Doolan, F. G. Norman.
Hornitos No. 138— A. Adair.
Central No. 140, Walnut Creek— L. Geary.
Sebastopool No. 143— L. N. H. Howell.
Tuolumne No. 144, Boaora— D. M. Ortega,
Harry Hartvig,
. Alcatraz No. 145, San Francisco— J. L. Galla
gher, Carroll Cook.
Halcyon No. 146, Alameda— W. F. Chipman.
L. A. Phillips. . ■
San Marcos, San Miguel, San Luis Obispo
County— J. Thompson.
Brooklyn No. 151, East Oakland-E. S. Reed.
P. W. Wuther.
Cambria No. 152— Solomon Mayfleld.
- Alcalde No. 154, San Francisco— R.T. Browne,
R. Andrews, J. Devoto.
Yontockett No. 156, Crescent City— J. P.
Crawford.
South San Francisco No. 157— Louis Monner
man, Thomas F. Stack.
Sequoia No. 160— R. D. Barton, Robert M.
Martland.
Jeka No. 161, Yreka— W. Howell.
Winter No. 163— A. W. North.
Mayfield No. 106— F. G. Wetzel.
Altamont, Occidental, Sonoma County— F.
Williamson.
Redlands No. 168— M. Dugan.
Washington No. 169, Centerville, Alameda
County— D. Norris, C. H. Hatch. "77' '7:
Byron No. 170— A. Kennedy.
Keystone, Amador— li. Church, T. S.
O'Rourke.
Observatory, San Josa— L. J. Chapman, C. M.
Wooster. -
Esparto No. 179— A. 31. Schultze.
Orange No. 180, Pleasant Grove, Yuba
County— W. W. Decker.
Golden Anchor No. 182, Gibsonville, Sierra
County— rew Johnson. ! ; . . - ~' t '
Nicasio No. 183— P. A. Redding.
Menlo No. 185— George E. Russell.
Tracy No. 186— E. CSteinmetz.
Paecita No. 187, San Francisco— C. H. Buck,
W. C. Miller.
Siskiyou No. 188, Fort Jones— G. F. Mcßride.
'Liberty No. 193, Sawyers Bar, Siskiyou
County— C. F. Vincent.
Presidio No. 194, San Francisco— F. P. Top
ling, C. E.Mooser.
Athens No. 195, Oakland— B. F. Woolner.
Following is a list of the grand officers:
Jo D. Sproul of Chico Parlor No. 21, past
grand president; Frank H. Dunne of Co
lumbia Parlor No. 121, grand president;
Henry C. Gesford of Napa Parlor No. 62,
grand vice-president; Henry Lunstedt of
California Palor No. 1, grand secretary;
Henry S. Martin of Stanford Parlor No. 76,
grand treasurer; George D. Clark of Pa
cific Parlor No. 10, grand lecturer; W. M.
Conley of Madera Parlor No. 130, grand
orator; William Henderson of Sacramento
Parlor No. 3, grand marshal; George N.
Van Orden of Precita Parlor No. 187, grand
inside sentinel; C. O. Dunbar of Santa
Rosa Parlor No. 28, grand outside sentinel ;
Lewis F. Byington of Niantic Parlor No.
105, chairman; Frank Mattison of Santa
Cruz Parlor No. 90, secretary; Rod W.
Church of Oakland Parlor No. 50, Percy V.
Long of Eden Parlor No. 113, J. E. Prewett
of Auburn Parlor No. 59, R. C. Run of Ex
celsior Parlor No. 31, Milton D. Garratt of
Mission Parlor No. 38, grand trustees.
PICTURESQE SAX LUIS.
A Garden-Spot Wailed In by Towering
Elevations.
SAX LUIS OBISPO, Cal., April 27.-
Stand at the top of the high hill just at the
eastern end of this old town ; one of the
brightest, freshest views in the entire
State will reward you for the climb on the
grassy slope.
Rising abruptly, as you gaze toward the
west, and at an apparent distance of two
miles, is a hill somewhat higher than the
terraced one on which you are stationed.
It has an undulating surface and it is
grass-covered. Halfway up the steep side
at the southward is a little white cottage.
Why man ever built there would be diffi- j
cult to guess. On the north slope, and at
nearly the same elevation, are two wee
homes, and the problem of their location
is accordingly twice as hard as tbe other.
Between these two hills, as you look
from one to tbe other, lies sweet San Luis
Obispo. Few places are fairer than is this
village in its springtime verdure. The
town seems nearer to the western hill,
though, perhaps, it is not. The houses
seem to cluster, with the trees and well
defined gardens, in the afternoon shadow
of that high hill. To either side the little
homes ramble away into the valley that
lies caught between these hills; village
lots emerge into the more spacious or
chards, tne gardens and the fields of grain,
and these soften out into the pasturage at
the beginning of other hills.
There are hills everywhere, the foot
hills about the village and the more dis
tant elevations of the Santa Lucia Moun
tain range. Walled in on every side is the
hill-dotted valley, and the beholder can
hardly imagine that there is any level
road leading out into the world.
At the right of the elevation that takes
tbe village into its shadow, but somewhat
farther back, is a higher and more rugged
formation. It is called a mountain,
though it is an isolated cone of no great
prominence in such a mountainous region.
The surface is darker than the green slope
which is inhabited, and at the summit are
three distinct crags, which give a crowning
touch to the general aspect of roughness
and severity. These hills, the green one
on which people dwell and the darker one
that wears the crags, rise up out of the
serene and beautiful valley; and the val
ley stretches stiil far beyond them and
along between two parallel ranges until
the grassy mountains come together in
the blue distance to the westward. Na
ture locked this garden spot within walls
that are everlasting. 3 3 ;y_.
And the village itself 1 San Luis Obispo
is the borne of about 3000 persons. There
are few pretentious houses that one can
see from the hilltop. The color effect of
the buildings Is in gray and white, with
here and there a red-tiled roof showing
through the trees. Verdure is not lacking.
Trees surround nearly all the buildings
even the two tall and unmistakable school
structures of reddish brown— there are
glimpses here and there of the flower
gardens.
Toward the outskirts that blend into the
ranches on either side of the village some
newly ploughed lots, right-angled and
sharply defined, give the contrast of rich
black soil in the valley of luxuriant green.
The foreground has a railroad, running
close to the base of the hill from which
you look, and located just where it will
least mar the picture. Straight down
before you is the station. Up the road at
the right is the good-looking Hotel Ra
mona. On the railroad in the other direc
tion may be seen, or, better still, may be
overlooked the railroad roundhouse and a
lumber-yard. *•;.••'_.' 33 '
This is San Luis Obispo a garden spot
in a garden State; a valley of beauty
among mountains of grandeur. San Luis
Obispo is shut in from the world, but worse
it is for the world to be so shut out. '■. .*■ "7
Withdraw your gaze from the village,
and from this hilltop look to the eastward.
Again the scene is of a verdant sunny val
ley. Far down the expanse of rolling
meadow a little round hill stands up like
a huge green beehive. Ranch houses are
all about the valley. In the foreground Is
a notable eucalyptus grove, with the tall
trees standing as a sort of hollow square.
The County Hospital, with its white build
ings, its pretty lawns, its flower gardens,
fields and shading trees, is at the ' left and
not far away. An orchard, apparently a
part of the hospital grounds, extends up
the foothill slope.
The sounds to be heard this quiet after
noon, as the shadow of the hill is stretch
ing farther and father over the village,
are of a song bird in the direction of the
eastern valley, and of children playing
at their home down toward the town.
And somewhere a man is calling the name
that the cows know, and down the hill
side the cows are turning.
To this quiet, rural place the Native
Sons have come in convention. Their
colors are blended with the beauty of the
village at a nearer view than that obtained
from the hilltop. The delegates are in
serious deliberation this afternoon, . and
the region's accustomed quiet is unbroken,
but the evening hour is coming when
there will be no sound of the children and
the bird and the man who calls * the cows,
and then the Natives assembled in the
town of an ancient mission will make the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28. 1896.
peaceful hills and the staid little valleys
resound with them in mirth and melody.
3 T. E. Nunan. *'
STOCKTOX REJOICES.
Xative Sons Celebrate the Victory at San
Luis Obispo.
STOCKTON, Cal.. April 27.-All the
steam whistles in the city were turned
loose at 9:30 o'clock to-night to celebrate
the victory of Stockton in securing the
Admission day celebration of the Grand
Parlor at San Luis Obispo to-day.
The Native Sons gathered in their hall
on Main street during the evening and ar
ranged an impromptu demonstration to
show their appreciation of the honor con
ferred upon this city by the unanimous
vote it received to-day.
Congratulatory speeches were made by
various members of Stockton Parlor, and
then a band was secured and the Natives
paraded the streets amid the firing of
bombs and rockets and the tooting of
whistles. : 7i^7?
While it has been almost a foregone con
clusion that Stockton would get the vote
of the delegates to the Grand Parlor, the
parlor here is particularly pleased at the
manner in which the vote was given, and
so it is celebrating to-night. For some
time past the representatives of other par
lors in the State have been here engaging
quarters for their members.
AX IMPORTAXT DISCOVERY.
Disease of the Vital Organs Traced by
the X Ray.
BOSTON, Mass., April 27.— Professor C.
L. Norton of the Massachusetts Institute
of Technology has made the most impor
tant practical X-ray discovery yet. He
has been enabled to examine almost the
entire inner system of the human body,
and has seen the faintest pulsations of the
heart and the liver respond to the inhala
tions of the breath. He actually has seen
disease in all the vital organs, and is
able to diagnose correctly cases by the sole
use of the X ray.
He has outlined the internal organs.
He has seen the movements of the joints
and discerned the spongy terminations of
the bones as plainly as if devoid of flesh,
and all this has been accomplished under
two conditions intense darkness in his
operating-room and an intensified concen
trated light. .
In his discovery he used the regular
Crookes tube and Holtz machine, and his
success is due to the careful adjustment of
the capacity of his electric circuit. Pro
fessor Norton's apparatus is simple. It is
an instrument which resembles a stereo
scope, with a fluorescent paper occupying
the place where the picture is inserted.
Between this instrument and the intensi
fied light from the Crookes tube is placed
the subject. '
WILL SIGN THE DECREE
Judge Jenkins Paving the Way
for the Sale of the Northern
Pacific Railroad.
Meanwhile There Are Certain Prac
tices by the Receivers That
Are Objected To.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., April 27.— The
Northern Pacific Railroad will soon be
sold. . Judge Jenkins will sign a decree of
sale to-morrow forenoon. On the main
point the litigants are agreed, but there
are some minor details to be arranged
which necessitated a series of side-room
consultations, which continued all day.
Early in the day Judge Jenkins had Re
ceivers Bigelow and McHenry give an ac
count of their administration.
It developed that the receivers, without
authority from Judge Jenkins, had been
pooling the earnings with the receivers
appointed by the courts in the Western
jurisdictions and had been using the re
ceipts to pay the obligations of the com
pany as they fell dv-». This action was
censured by Judge Jenkino.
The stipulation for an order of sale, as
finally submitted, provides that the ac
counts of the receivers shall stand as they
are until after the decree is recorded. This
afternoon Herbert Turner, representing
the Farmers' Loan and Trust Company,
moved for a sale on bill and answer.
Judge Jenkins said he understood it was
to be a consent decree, and after some ex-
I plauation the words "all the interests be
ing opposite or represented by counsel
and none opposing," were inserted. Judge
! Jenkins said the court was yielding some
j what to the parties in listening to the de
cree at this time and declared it was a
J very extraordinary proceeding.
LOWERS A WORLD'S RECORD.
Murphy of Xew York Goes 100 Yards
in 9 IS.
SAVANNAH, Ga., April 27— At the
spring meeting of the Savannah Cycle
Club Charles Murphy of New York broke
the world's record held by J. S. Johnson
for 100 yards with a standing start in 9 1-5
seconds. Johnson's record was 9 2-5 sec-
In the half-mile exhibition, for which
Harry Wheeler, F. J. Jenny of Utica, N.
V., and* W. B. Young of New York en
tered, Jenny won by two feet in 1:104-5.
Murphy broke the track record for half
mile, made three years ago by Zimmer
man, in :591£» Zimmerman's record was
1:06 3-5.
The Murder of Lens.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 27.— W. L.
Sachtleben of Altoona, 111., who went to
Turkey in search of the missing Pitts
burg wheelman, Frank Lenz, and who as
certained that he had been murdered by
Kurds, spent to-day with Lenz's mother,
giving her a detailed account of his search
and discovery. Sachtleben said that as
soon as he arrives at home steps will be
taken to place the matter of Lenz's mur
der before United States authorities at
Washington, for the purpose of demand
ing indemnity from the Turkish Govern
ment. Sachtleben leaves for home this
evening. • _ *
MACK EX IE B WELL RESIGXS.
Voluntarily Turns Over the Premiership
to Lord Aberdeen.
OTTAWA, Ont., April 27.— Macken
zie Bowell this evening verbally re
signed the - Premiership of Canada
to I*ord * Aberdeen, Governor-General.
In addition to resigning verbally
Sir Mackenzie handed the Governor-
General a private letter giving his reason
for resinning, which it is | said made cer
tain recommendations : in regard to his
successor in the Premiership. -After some
consideration the resignation was accepted
by Lord Aberdeen. 3 Later on Sir Charles
Tupper was called to the Government
house and it is understood accepted the
task of forming a new Government.
Baron De Hirsch's Funeral.
PARIS, France, April -The funeral
of Baron de Hirsch took place to-day, the
remains being interred in the Montmartre
Cemetery. The wish of the deceased for a
simple funeral was observed so far as hav
ing a second-class hearse and no wreaths
on the coffin, but otherwise the funeral
was a magnificent pageant.
The Hirsch residence, 2 Rue d'Elysee,
was profusely f draped 3* with mourning.
The coffin was of ebony, inlaid with gold
and silver. 3An enormous line of • mourn
ing conches followed the remains to the
grave and the streets were thronged with
sightseer,.
APPROPRIATIONS
FOR THE NAVY.
Consideration of the Bill
That Carries Many-
Millions.
GUNS FOR AUXILIARIES.
Liberal Allowance Made for the
Armament of the Reserve
3 Cruisers.
GOAT ISLAND TRAINING SCHOOL.
Senator Perkins Induced to Withdraw*
His Amendment for the
Present.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— The
naval appropriation bill occupied the at
tention of the Senate throughout to-day's
session. It appropriates between thirty
one and thirty-two million dollars. After
the Senate had gone through all the minor
committee amendments and had laid aside
temporarily the provisions for the new
battle-ships and guns a long debate was
precipitated by an amendment offered by
Chandler of New Hampshire on behalf of
the Naval Committee prohibiting officers
of the navy or of the marine corps on the
retired list from taking employment in the
service of persons or companies supplying
materials to the Government. The propo
sition had direct reference to the Carnegie
and Bethlehem concerns. It was antag
onized by Gray of Delaware, but was sup
ported by all the members of the Naval
Committee.taking part in the debate. The
matter went over till to-morrow without
action. 333
The appropriation for "reserve guns for
auxiliary cruisers" was increased from
$150,000 to $400,000 after a short discussion,
in which Gorman spoke with a touch of
sarcasm of the "war feeling" that had
been got up some time ago, and said that
he did not share in the feeling that there
should be any great baste in preparing for
war.
A supplementary report to the report
heretofore made by the Committee on
Privileges and Elections in favor of an in
quiry into elections in Alabama in 1894
was presented by Chandler (R.) of New
Hampshire to-day and ordered printed.
It states that the nt*v report is made be
cause the minority report is not forth
coming after the lapse of forty-eight days.
The report recites that the statement
made by Allen of Nebraska in the Senate
February 11, 1595, showing that 34,000
fraudulent votes were cast for Oates in the
fifteen black-belt counties, which being
deducted would show the election of Kolb
by about 7000 majority, and that a Kolb
Legislature was elected, but that the
Democratic candidates were fraudulently
declared ele-sed, and eliminating these
frauds there was an actual Populist and
Republican majority of twenty-nine in
the Legislature, making Senator Morgan's
election invalid. 3 -:;3;'
. After unimportant routine morning bus
iness the Senate proceeded to the consider
ation of the naval appropriation bill. As
passed by the House the bill appropriated
$31,647,240. The changes recommended by
the Senate Committee on Appropriations
would result in a net reduction of $357.
--578, leaving the amount of the bill $31,
--279,482. The unimportant amendments of
the committee were all agreed to, while
those affecting the increase of the navy
were reserved for the present.
Quay (R.) of Pennsylvania moved to in
crease the appropriation "for the reserve
guns for auxiliary cruisers" from $150,000
to $400,000. The amendment gave rise to
considerable debate, in which Gorman
commented upon the suspension of gun
making at the Washington navy-yard. He
submitted that it was unwise at this time
to appropriate a large amount on account
of the guns and. follow it up with twenty
millions for war vessels. ,3
The amendment was agreed to.
Perkins (R.) of California moved to in
sert an item of $100,000 for a training
station at Yerba Buena Island, CaL, and
argued in favor of it. American ships, he
said, should be manned by Americans.
Opposition to tbe amendment was
made by Gorman, who said the item,
which was brought in without ' an esti
mate, was the first step toward a project
which might cost from $1,000,000 to $5,000,
--000. The appropriations secured by Sena
tors from the Pacific Coast were an evi
dence of what persistency could do.
Faulkner (D.) of West Virginia argued
against the amendment on the ground
that Congress bad already passed an act
for the purpose, directing the Secretary of
the Navy to report plans to carry it out.
No appropriation should be made until
those plans were made and adopted.
Hale (R.) of Maine, in charge of the bill,
took the same view. 7:7
Lodge (R.) of Massachusetts supported
the amendment, and argued that with the
two great lines of coast a training-school
like the one at Newport was needed on the
Pacific Coast. '• . 3 .
.:, The amendment was finally withdrawn
by Perkins.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire of
fered an amendment prohibiting retired
officers of the navy or marine j corps from
taking employment with any person or
company furnishing naval supplies or war
material to the Government, the prohibi
tion not to take effect until July, 1897, and
it was discussed at length.
In the course of the discussion Chandler
stated that when the Committee on Naval
Affairs was inquiring into the supplies fur
nished by the Carnegie Company and by
the Bethlehem works the naval officers
there were sent for, and when they came
before the committee it turned out | that
they were officers of the retired list who
were In the employment of, these contrac
tors. 'Chandler added that he could make
statements which would tend to show that
the system was an unwise one, but he re
frained from doing so. ,'''■"
Bacon (D.) of Georgia, a member of the
Naval Affairs; Committee, supplemented
what Chandler had said as to the two offi
cers employed at the Carnegie Works and
the Bethlehem Works. He said the Gov
ernment paid $600 a ton for the armor for
the battle-ships and that the committee
desired to know the actual cost of its pro
duction. 3 The committee could not ascer
tain that fact from these two officers. 7-777
"Had yon any right to expect to?" Gray
asked. _.
"No," Bacon replied, "we had no such
right; but. the point is that these officers
bad no right to ;be in any employment
where they could stand before a commit
tee of Congress and refuse to answer a
question." J
Gray replied to the statements of Sena
tors Chandler, Hale and Bacon, and made
an argument in favor of the right of re
tired naval officers to seek and accept em
ployment for the maintenance of their
families— and to seek it where their expe
rience and education would make their
services valuable.
Bacon asserted that the contractors for
armor for battle-ships were making a most
enormous profit.
"If they are," Gray replied, "they are
not doing so by reason of their employ
ment of these retired naval officers. An
army pensioner might as well be prohib
ited from working in one of these com
panies as a retired army officer from
taking employment with them." •
Tillman (D.) of South Carolina, a mem
ber of the Naval Affairs Committee, advo
cated the amendment, which was offered,
he said, for the purpose of stopping a
scandal. The committee, in examining the
question as to the cost of the armor, had
come to the conclusion that the interests
of the Government and of the manufac
turers were opposed to each other. The
Government wanted to get armor of the
best quality at as low a price as possible,
while the manufacturers wanted to get the
last dollar possible. These two companies
have formed a trust and propose to rob
the Government, because there is a law
requiring American armor to be used on
these ships. Therefore they are in a posi
tion to charge the United States $600 a ton
for the same armor that they supply to
Russia at $300 a ton.
Hale (R.) of Maine, a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, advocated
the amendment. He would have the pro
hibition made so that a bureau officer who
took part in making such contracts would
not fall into v. the temptation jof looking
forward to the time when he would be on
the retired list and might enter into the
service of the contractors.
In answer to a question by Lodge, Hale
said the two inspecting officers of the Gov
ernment at the Carnegie and Bethlehem
works Informed the committee that the
cost of the armor to the contractors was
about $250 a ton.
Gorman reviewed the history of the con
tract with the Carnegies and said that it
was made on the 20th of November, 1890,
by the Secretary of the Navy (Tracy) on
precisely the same terms as the prior con
tract had been made by Whitney with
the Bethlehem Company. The terms of
these contracts, he said, had been consid
ered as low and reasonable and as much
to the interest of the Government as any
contracts ever made, and Congress justi
fied them.
As to the statement that armor was fur
nished to Russia at $300 a ton, he stated
that the Bethlehem Company, finding it
had not work enough to keep all its ma
chinery in operation, had made a contract
with Russia at a loss, and that the armor
supplied to Russia had proved to be so
superior that a further supply had been
ordered at prices about the same as the
United States was paying. By that one
single act, Mr. Gorman added, the United
States had been able to ship large quanti
ties of such armor and other products of
American furnaces abroad, until now it
looked, and for the first time in the history
of the . country, as though the United
States would compete with England by
sending steel to London and Liverpool.
After further discussion and without
action on the pending amendment, the
Senate at 5:10 P. m. adjourned until tO
-...
morrow.
GEXERAL PEXSIOX BILL.
Debate Limited and a Vote Will Be
Taken To* Day.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.—Con
sideration of the general pension bill after
three days' discussion was concluded in
the House of . Representatives to-day, and
a vote upon its passage will be taken to
morrow immediately after the reading of
the journal. By a special order reported
from the Committee on Rules, further de
bate on the bill, was limited to one hour
and a half to-day. The adoption of this
order was antagonized by Crisp (D.) of
Georgia. It was passed, however, by a
vote of 119 to 88, about a score of Republi
cans voting against it because it restricted
the opportunities to amend tbe measure.
The hour-and-a-half discussion resulted in
the adoption of just one amendment to
the first section offered by Hepburn, pro
viding for a liberal construction of the law
by the Pension Bureau in the interest of
claimants. As thus amended it was or
dered to be engrossed and to a third read
ing by a vote of 113 to 14. 333°
Senate amendments to the sundry civil
appropriation bill were disagreed to and a
conference ordered.
After passing a few private bills the
regular order was demanded, being busi
ness pertaining to the District of Colum
biaa bill regulating marriages therein
upon which the previous question had
been ordered at the last District day. A
resolution was reported from the Com
mittee on Rules providing "'■■ for the con
sideration of the pending general pension
bill for an hour and a half under the five
minute rule, the vote to be taken to-morrow
immediately, after the approval of the
journal. . 3 333
Crisp (D.) of Georgia criticized the order
as remarkable in that it shut out all
amendments.
Dingley (it.) of Maine called Crisp's
attention to the fact that . the ' order was
almost precisely the language of the order
under which the Wilson tariff bill was
passed— while the gentleman from Georgia
was Speaker and chairman of the Rules
Committee. " • 3
Henderson (R.) of , lowa urged the adop
tion of the rule. He wished the pension
bill passed as soon as possible and sent to
the Senate, where the question of adjourn
ment had already been considered.
Cannon (R.) of Illinois said the bill did
not go as far as he wished, but it was the
best that could be done now.
' Hepburn (R.) of lowa opposed the rule.
He thought the Republican majority
could be trusted to legislate without any
such restrictions for the old soldier.
;On a division the vote on the adoption
of the . rule was 70 to 66. The ayes and
noes were then called, resulting: Ayes
119, noes 88. So the resolution was
adopted. . ;3*3*~;
The House voted to disagree to the
Senate amendments to the sundry civil ap
propriation bill and ordered a conference.
.Henderson (R.) of Iowa: gave notice that
to-morrow, after the general pension bill
had been disposed of, be would call up the
general bankruptcy bill.
The following Republicans voted against
the resolution, which was opposed by the
Democrats solidly: Blue, Bowers, Burton
of Missouri, Calderhead, Connolly, Cook,
Cooper of Wisconsin, Crowther, Danford,
Dewitt, Eddy, Fenton, Graff, Hager, Hart
man, ; Henry of Connecticut, Hepburn,
Johnson of California, ; Kirkpatrick, Mc-
Clure, Miller of Kansas, Minor of Wiscon
sin, . Smith of Illinois, Southard, Strong,
Sulloway. 'Tawney./Towne, Tracewefi,
Updegraff, Van Horn, Wanger. Wilson of
Idaho. *
Connolly (R.) of Illinois offered an
_ j _ _ _
amendment to the first section of the pen
sion bill, which was to limit the granting ,
of pensions to ex-Confederates whose ser
vices in the Confederate army were invol
untary or which ended at least ninety
days before the close of the war.
In the discussion which followed Miles
(D.) of Maryland read a letter from Pen
sion Commissioner Lochren, in which he
designated this class of soldiers as --gal
vanized rebels." The amendment was
rejected.
Hepburn (K.) of lowa offered an amend
ment providing that hereafter "in the ad
ministration of the. Pension Bureau all
the laws shall be construed to be really in
the interest. of the claimant, and in no
case shall the claimant be required to fur
nish a measure of proof that excludes all
reasonable doubt, but shall be required
only to establish his claim by a fair pre
ponderance of proof."
The amendment was adopted.
'. The period provided for the considera
tion of the bill under the order expired
when only two of the seventeen sections
of the bill had been read. . It was then re
ported to the House by Payne. By a vote
of 113 to 14 the bill was ordered to be en
grossed and read a third time. By the
terms of the rule the vote on the passage
of the bill will be taken to-morrow imme
diately after the reading of the journal.
At 4:40 p. m. the House adjourned until
to-morrow. 33: '.''■■■
Big Bonus for Builders.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— T_e
official computation of the speed made by
the battleship Massachusetts in the trial
trip Saturday gives the vessel a record of
16.279 knots according to a telegram re
ceived at the Navy Department this morn
ing from Commodore Dowey, president of
the trial board.
As a result the builders of the Massachu
setts, the Cramps of Philadelphia, will get
a premium of $125,000 or $25,000 for each
quarter-knot in excess of the contract re
quirement of fifteen knots. The time
made by the Indiana on her official trial
trip was 15.61 knots.
Chippewa Halfbreed Scrip.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.-In
the case of John D. Fee vs. Henry C.
Brown, executor, appealed from the Su
preme Court of Colorado, the Supreme
Court of the United States to-day gave a
construction of the act of June 8, 1872, re
lating to what is known as "Chippewa
halfbreed scrip," confirming the policy of
the General Land Office, which construed
the law to permit the location of the scrip
upon lands either in the limits of the
reservation made to the Chippewas or
upon land within the public domain.
To Be Represented.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— Henry
Thiede, convicted of murder in the Terri
torial Supreme Court of Utah, will be re
sentenced to death by the Supreme Court
of the United States. The State Govern
ment came into existence and there was a
question as to whether or not the case
should be remanded, the judgment of the
Territorial Court having been affirmed, to
the State Court or to the Circuit Court of
the United States for the District of Utah.
On the suggestion of the Attorney-Gen
eral it was sent to the State Court.
After Mr. Patterson.
MEMPHIS, Time, April 27.—Unwill
ing to pursue a policy of non-interference
with the candidacy of Congressman Jo
sian Patterson for re-election, as urged by
the controlling; influence in the Commer
cial Appeal, that paper will contain the
following card from Editor E. W. Carraack
to-morrow morning:
My connection with the Commercial Ap
peal as its editor has ceased with this date.
Reasons that seem to be imperative, but
of which I need make no mention to the
public, compel me to take this step.
To Quiet the Titles.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.—Secre
tary Hoke Smith has recommended to the
Attorney-General the dismissal of the suit
aeainst the Burlington and Missouri River
Railroad Company to recover 50,000 acres
of land in Kansas and Nebraska, erro
neously patented to the road, upon which
2000 homesteaders have settled. The set
tlers have acquired bona fide title to these
lauds, and the suggestion is therefore
made by the Secretary to the Attorney-
General to dismiss the casa in order to
quiet their titles.
The Sea of Galilee is 653 feet below the
Mediterranean.
NEW TO-DAT.
For nearly half a century
STANDARD SHIRTS have in-
creased in popularity year by
year. If you want perfection in
shirt making— fit, comfort and
elegance your dealer for
them. Trade - Mark on every
Shirt— look for it.
piMMiMiiimiiiiiimiiMmiMM ♦ mmm*m »«*•*»>' >
i ■ 7'7u -77-: : . OFFICE or * 7,
T BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO COMPANY.
m DURHAM, N. C.
m fl Aft Dear Sir:
In Hi I t You are entitled to receive
tali _&&J_l__3 FREE *rom your wholesale dealer,
■■» "™ WHITE STAR SOAP with all |j
If a* nil a Blackwell's Genuine j;
WCDUB ssss you buy. One bar =•
iODaCCO you buy. One bar
$991 •"" m. 1 19 of soap Free with each pound,
Wnn Tl slu ul whether 16 6 "-' 4 *-- :;
H R KBf 8 1 1 a oz, » p acka g es -
B&y BeG-iHiltli We have notified every whole-
■■■T3.. ■ ,WfWBH sale dealer in the United States
am _^^ - _-_-_». that we will supply them with soap •
-Tfffllf-Ffl togiye you FREE. Orderagood ;:
IU O I I 8 9 supply of QENUIffE DURHAM at :
ii I Inn 111I II If once, and insist on getting your 3
aVWfiaUUUa soao - One bar of Soap .FREE with 3
-uun-HP.ra.wwa each pound you buy. 3* Soap is
offered for a limited time, so order
to-day. Yours very truly,
I BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
J TOBACCO COMPANY.
■^"'"l'r, If you ha-» any difficulty In procuring your " *
•oap, cut out this notice and tend It with **
your order to your wholesale dealer.
- ■ - ■ . -..... -
The hand of fate hovers over the unwise. th«
youth who in error have dashed the cup of life
to the floor. It is a fearful horror to be as
strong as an ox to-day, to be weak as a kitten
! to-morrow. It is a solemn warning; it should
.be heeded. Catch yourself in the ni<*-k of time.
If you cannot help yourself the
GREAT HUDYAN
Will help you. Hudyan is a purely vegetable
preparation,. but is a powerful one.
Hudyan restores, rebuilds, renews the fires ol
life. It is for man. It is man's best friend If
yon* suffer from weakness, from impaired or lost
manhood, if you have used up your kidneys or
injured your liver you should write and learn
all about the Great Hudyan. Circulars and
testimonials free.
j HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis sts.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GRAND EXCURSION
TO
Auction Sale!
nUuilUli yOiSa
AT SAN MATEO,
BY THE SAN MATEO LAND ASSOCIATION,
ON SATURDAY, MAY 2,
" At 11 O'Clock A. M.
255 Choice Suburban Residence
Lots and Villa Sites,
ON
San Mateo Heights
The Most Beautiful Residence Portion
of the Growing
CITY OF SAN MATEO.
The streets are graded, the side— ralk*
cm-bed, trees and palms planted. A
-modern sanitary sewerage system has
Just been completed. "Water-mains are
now being laid and electrlc-ligbt wires
put up. 7\-:-
Improvements Complete and Up to Date.
LARQE LOTS,
50 to 200 It. Frontage, 50 to 225 ft. Deep.
Terms, of Sate: One-Fourth Cash.
Balance in 1, 2 and 3 Years.
A deposit of 10 per cent will be required at the
sale and the remainder of cash payment within
thirty days thereafter. Interest at B "pur cent.
REMEMBER THE DATE!
SATURDAY, HAY 2, 1896.
AT 11 O'CLOCK A. M.
Special train will leave San Francisco from
depot, corner Third and Townsend streets, at 10
o'clock a. m. Returning, wil leave ban Mateo at
4:30 p. m. Fare. ban Francisco to San Mateo and
return. 50c. Tickets for sale by William Butter-
held, second floor, Crocker Building, and on morn-
ing of May 2 a*, depot. For full particulars, maps,
etc., address office at
San Mateo Land Association, or
WILLIAM BUTTIiKFIKLO, Auction-
eer, second '.floor, Crocker "Building,
San Francisco.
MANLY VIGOR
•*-" I W(3p-f?t* J nce MORE In harmony
HI I 1 **■=■« with tlae world 2ooO
1 18 lil^ f\. completely cured men are
I N©y »\ singing nappy praises for
111 | ItfcSy /L_^ the greatest, grand-
| 4 uJ_uMftw^«tg^> est and most sne-
: |fTTT!TTTTfIYW^^a_*J • cesaf ul cure for sex-
!l UfS\*JJ_'S3f. nal weakness and
I ii_\ xK^Jr^_ lost vigor known to
H ''^c*^^=S")j_mJV<. medical science. An
! I 1 rtm^^^^djSry V account of this woiv-
tzSi /s^*£Gv*sK^r derful discovery. In
ySS^'O^^sTar ■ XX, * i form, with ref-
raC^-fr-J 1 eronces and proofs,
# „ _. , , , _, will be sent to suf-
fering men (sealed) free. Full manly vigor
permanently restored. Failure impossible
ERIE MEDICAL CO.,BUFFALO,N.Y.
DR. PIERCES
ELECTRIC
mttttm BELT
mFWmm istheb est.
'* "jCj* Wo Have Them
"W .. From $5 to ¥25,
 ..___ And Guarantee
I^^^S.B BELT
ytLl
pfeL'r^i^^aTST 'fob- Superior to
■*^2*iy?Sgak3<sss? Any Other Elec-
r^^^P^r^ Wo C r,£ ,n the
All the Latest
- .iii <fti •*' Vl;vi - _!^ : Improvements.
■^^•S^T-^i^vv' -"sTCall or write for
; fl*__i-___^^* Free "Pamphlet No. 2."
EfS^'^^W^CT Buy no Belt till yon sea
■^^3^^'3_*LSH "*^ r ' Pierces." Address
S%-^£^i^i^ DRS - P'^KCE & SON.
•ti^W^^^^^^" '° Sacramento St.
(\ysstsfi «*- (cor. Kearny), 2d, 3d
*2S<y and 4tu floors,
vV SAN FRANCISCO.
WAGOSS. CARRIAGES ASD HARNESS.
_ rf-MOaj^. Fifty per cent saved I
tfgSjltfff^'tßal Factory prices— Send
\ Vli-J Carts !...*15t0535
\iX3_Sa-' Buggies 575t0*f125
JB_* Jrrrarli^^i Carrlages..flOO to $20j
/VSKr_%?__C_?_>a / V A Wacons....!?*)!) toilOO
jC^CiJS^^WftSSSffiv^ll Harness *3 to $*J"*
1 pijggg4_^VD!>'r>i J_k_i c 8n, P everywhere.
yT^wTO^r/j(nVx_)r\*7 California Wagon and
XNii/j,.*. "I * rt-f Carrlft e ( '°-' 36 *>''« '•
«a_a_^ -■ '»*«i__i^44]^ Fremont st., a. F.WALLING'S STORY
IS NOT ADMITTED.
The Sensational Testimony
Against Jackson Shut Out
by a Ruling.
STRONG EVIDENCE LEFT.
How the Police Overheard the
Conversation Between Pearl
Bryan's Slayers.
TALK IN THE FLY" CELL.
Detective Work of Reporters Figures
Prominently in a Most Inter
esting Trial.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 27.—Detec
tive Crim took the witness-stand in the
Scott Jackson trial this morning and de
scribed the scene of the mutder of Pearl
Bryan on the afternoon of the day the
body was found. In reply to a question
from the prosecutor, Crim stated that he
searched Jackson's room on February 9 j
and found some black stockings, a lady's
pocketbook, two pairs of white gloves, a
cap and letters addressed to Scott Jackson. '
Witness was questioned as to the state
ment made by Jackson and Walling at the
time of their arrest. After he had detailed
the charges and counter-charges of the
prisoners in Mayor Caldwell's office on the
night of February 6, the Judge instructed
the jury to exclude from their minds all
the testimony of Mayor Caldwell and De
tective Crim relating to anything Walling
may have charged Jackson with which
Jackson denied. The ruling of Judge
Helm shuts off the very sensational story
told by Walling, who said that Jackson
told him that he was coin-*** to kill Pearl
Bryan with cocaine.
The most important part of Crim's tes
timony was that regarding the conversa
tion overheard by the police over the tele
phone line connected with the "fly" or
sensitive cell in which the two prisoners
were placed when brought back to the
Central Police station from the Hamilton
County Jail, during the course of which
Jackson told Walling that he had played
his part well and cautioned him to "stand
pat" when he got over the river.
Saloonist John Legner was next exam
ined, and told of Jackson leaving a valise
at his place.
Detective Jacob McDermott was the first
witness at the afternoon session. He said
the marks on the ground at the scene of
the murder would indicate that Pearl
had been violently thrown down on the
bank.
J. E. Grillo, a Cincinnati newspaper re- i
porter, identified Pearl Bryan's handker- j
chiefs as having been found on Jackson
when he was searched. Grillo asked Jack- j
eon where he got them.' Jackson replied j
he had found them on a Cumminsville j
car on the Saturday preceding his arrest.
Two bridge tickets were also found on
Jackson. Tne ticket he read was a car
riage ticket and read "horse and vehicle."
Charles Rotters, engaged at Heizer's res
taurant at 33 West Fifth street Cincinnati,
said Alonzo Wailing and Scott Jackson
boarded there. He saw Jackson in the
early morning of February 1. Walling,
he said, came in about 3 a. m. Walling was
in a hurry and asked for a room. It was
the first time Walling ever slept at the
hotel. The upper part of Walling's cloth
ing was wet.
Harry Hayes, who is connected with a
shoestore at Greencastle, Ind., identified
the shoes and rubbers found on the dead
girl's feet.
William T. Finch, a newspaper reporter,
testified to finding Jackson's coat in the
sewer at the corner of Ricnmond and John
streets.
Will Wood was then recalled and said
he was at Plymouth, Ind., on February 1,
visiting. He wrote Scott Jackson from
Plymouth on Sunday on a typewriter and
signed it "B." Attorney Crawford pro
duced a letter which the witness identified
as the one he had sent. He was at the
Oliver House in South Bend, February 3,
and wrote Jackson a letter on that day.
Crawford produced another letter which
the witness also identified as one he had
written. These are the letters which are
unprintable and which have been missing
for several days.
Judge Helm glanced at the letters and
then asked all the women to retire.
The letters were full of allusions of the
most obscene character, entirely unfit to
print. In answer to questions Wood said
JasKson had had a most degrading influ
ence over him since he was 17 years ola.
He would always do what Jackson told
him.
j This testimony was objected to by At
torney Crawford, and after hearing argu
ments on the point Judge Helm adjourned
court until 9:30 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing.
FORECLOSURE IS FAVORED
Congressman Hubbard Files a
Minority Report Against the
Funding Bill.
Says Better Terms Can Be Secured
From the Bond-Aided Pacific
Railroads.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— J0el
D. Hubbard of the House Pacific Railways
Committee filed to-day a minority report
against the bill recently reported by the
majority for the settlement of the indebt
edness of the Central and Union Pacific
railways to the Government. He asserts
that every report of the Government but
one favored foreclosure.
Hubbard contends that the propositions
in the committee's bill do not contain the
best offers made* by the companies. He
reviews the different , propositions , ad
vanced, and asserts that according to the
exhibits made by the companies the aver
age earnings would pay both interest and
dividends.
Hubbard refers to the possible interest
of the Chicago and Northwestern Railway
in the Union Pacific reorganization. - That
company and the Union Pacific, he says,
own all the stock of the Fremont, Elkhorn
and Missouri Valley Railroad, and so be
come the most prominent rival in compet
ing with the Union Pacific. The fear is
expressed that under, the committee bill
the two subsidized roads will become part
of two of the greatest railroad monopolies
in the country.
Another objection to the bill is its in
consistency with the constitution of Cali
fornia, which provides for the extinction
of all corporations organized under the
laws of that State not later than fifty
years from their formation.
The report recommends the substitution
and passage ot the Morgan-Brice bill,
which was drawn up by the Attorney-
General. This bill, it says, simply confers
exclusive jurisdiction upon the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the District, of
Columbia over the Government lien on
all the properties for the enforcement of
such lien and with power to enjoin parties
from prosecuting proceedings in other
courts to bar or to cut off the lien.
Hubbard recommends the appointment
of a joint Congressional committee to in
quire into the affairs of the companies, es
pecially as to their available assets and
other facts pertinent to an adjustment of
their indebtedness to the Government,
and to report at the next session
of Congress.™ The report argues fin
ally that when the Secretary of the
Interior asserts that our claim is good and
that there ought not to be over a 20 per
cent discount made in the settlement, so
when another Cabinet Minister frames a
bill for the settlement of the indebtness,
when great railroad ability like that of
Senator Brice approves the Attor
ney-General's bill, when a Govern
ment receiver says the roads are
worth more for our benefit if united than
if sold separately, as proposed in the bill,
when another Government airector says
that the Government directors are united
on a plan thus to unite the roads and that
capital is waiting an opportunity to bid in
the property, it seems unwise to pa3S the
bill reported by the House committee.
MUST PAY FOR THE SEALS
Decision in the First of the Suits
Against the North American
Commercial Company.
At the Same Time the Government
May Become Liable for
Damages.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.— 1n the j
first of a series of suits instituted by the |
United States against the North American j
Commercial Company to recover rentals I
for the Pribyloff Islands, St. Paul and St. I
George, and a per capita royalty for seals
taken and a revenue tax of $2 for each .
skin, Judge Wallace of the United States
Circuit Court to-day handed down his de
cision.
The suit in point is for $134,000 for the
year ending April 1, 1894, but the decision
equally covers all the other suits, and un
der the contract between the Government
and the company involves several mil
lions of dollars.
Judge Wallace decides that under the
contract and the statutes the Secretary of
the Treasury has the right to fix the num
ber of seals to be taken annually without
making any abatement of the rent of
$60,000, the revenue tax of $2 per skin or
the $7 62 bonus for each skin.
In 1893, however, the' decision holds the
Government to be guilty of breach of con
tract in arbitrarily reducing the number
of seals to be taken, as at that time the
modus vivendi in connection with the
Bering Sea controversy between the United
Slates and England was pending.
But as the company took the seals in
spite of the breach of contract, Judge
Wallace holds that it must pay the United
States a lump sum of $94,687 50 for the
year. At the same time he decides that
the United States is liable to a suit in the
Court of Claims for $140,000, by reason of
the breach of contract in 1893. By the
terms of the modus vivendi of 1893 the
catch was limited to 7700 seals.
Continuing, the decision says, however,
that for the years ending April 1, 1895, and
April 1, 1896, the company must pay the
full rental of $00,000 per annum, together
with the $2 tax. and the $7 62 bonus for
each skin, .without regard to any reduc
tion in the seal catch which may be or
dered by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The amount the company is thus re
quired to pay for the two years last men
tioned will amount to about $400,000; but
the decision has equal bearing and effect
upon the subsequent years of the contract,
which does not expire until' 1910. The
amount of money involved is very large,
for even if no seals were cought the rental
alone would amount to nearly $1,000,000,
to which must be added the tax and bonus
for every skin.
TWIN DAUGHTERS ABDUCTED.
Revenge Over a Disappointment in Love
Causes Miss Amot to Commit the
Crime.
ELIOT, Wis., April There is great
excitement here over the aDduction of the
twin daughters of Mr. and Mrs. Asher.
There are fears that the little ones have
been put out of the way for all time by the
abductor, who is a woman.
.The motive for the deed was revenge.
Mr. Asher at one time was the accepted
lover of Miss Amot. Just before the time
set for their marriage Asher married Miss
Hannah Mayo, and this unsettled 'Miss
Amot's mind. Mr. Asher was absent from
home Saturday night, and this fact becom
ing known to Miss Amot, she, just .before
midnight, went to the Asber home and,
breaking in through a window, presented
herself at Mrs. ABher's bedside with a
revolver in her hand. After abusing and
threatening Mrs. Asher until the woman
was in a state of mind bordering upon
insanity the crazy girl took from their
mother's side the twin babies, wrapped
them in a bedspread and left i the house
with them. It was daylight before Mrs.
Asher recovered sufficiently to give the
alarm, and since that time an active
search has been in progress, but without
successful result.
Miss Amot was found about' noon, and
admitted having taken the babies for
revenge. To one person she declared she
had killed them, but to Mr. Asher she
said she had simply hidden them away
and would bring them back if given $500.
She is now held a prisoner, and a war
rant will be sworn out against her if the
ohildren are not found soon.
Bravery of a Doctor's Daughter.
DANBURY, Co-si*., April J 27. — The
bravery of ; Miss Blanche Knox, the, pretty
young daughter of Dr. Louis G. Knox, a
veteran circus man, probably saved the
doctor's life Saturday during a struggle
with a youne African lion which had
broken its ■/■ chain. The ■■, doctor and his
assistant were struggling with the animal,
which was getting the better of them,
when Blanche passed a strap around the
neck of the animal and, by pulling it up to
a ring strangled it until it yielded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
M'KINLEY'S MEN
GROW CONFIDENT
They Expect to Capture^the
State Convention of
Illinois.
LINED UP FOR BATTLE.
There Promises to Be a Lively
Fight Over Instructing the
Delegates.
CULLOM HAS SOME CLAIMS
The Senator Complains. That the
Party Is Ungrateful for His
Long Services.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 27.—
corridors of the hotels were filled to
night with delegates to the State Kepub
lican Convention, which begins here
Wednesday, and the prediction of the poli
ticians is that it will be the liveliest and one
of the most important affairs of its kind
in the history of the party in Illinois. The
leaders from Chicago are bitterly divided
between organizing the convention for
John R. Tanner, the only candidate tor Gov
ernor practically, although ex-Congress
man Hopkins is in the field, and instruct
ing the delegates at large for McKinlev at
the beginning of the permanent organiza
tion as against instructing for Cullom.
The question of instructions for Presi
dent overshadows everything else. The
State organization, led by Chairman Jamie
son, and the city machine of Chicago, are
arrayed against the McKinley leaders, who
want to force McKinley instructions the
first thing, and the talk to-night is that
the fight is to be made on organizing the
convention. The politicians are bitterly
opposed to disturbing the regular order of
the convention as mapped out, while the
McKinley faction claims it has a majority
of 240 delegates to do as it pleases. Cau
cuses were held until a late hour and the
lines drawn tighter for and against Mc-
Kinley instructions. All parties agree
that the convention will afford a signifi
cant test of McKinley's strength in this
State.
Chairman Jamieson said he believed no
instructions would be given for Cullom or
McKinley. The latest figures compiled by
the more partial politicians give McKinley
only 91 in the Cook County delegation and
33 short of enough to insure instructions.
The total McKinley strength in the con
vention is put at 640 to 900.
CHICAGO, 111, April 27.— Senator
Shelby M.Cullora arrived here to-day from
Washington, en route to Springfield, to
attend the Republican State Convention.
"Of course I am a candidate," he said,
"and expect to remain one to the end.
However the race goes I will still have
lour years in the Senate to serve the peo
ple."
He complained that his party was un
grateful for his long public services, and
defied any man to point out aught against
his character. H.; v
ALLISOX OR REED FIRST.
Support of the A. P. A. Arrayed Against
Major McKinley.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 27.— The
lowa A. P. A., through its headquarters
here, has issued a circular to all councils
calling on them to oppose the second
choice McKinley sentiment in the State
on the ground that McKinley is opposed
to the order. Secretary Ellis Pierce of the
State order says McKinley was at first
supported by the order, but it has been
learned recently he is affiliated with
Romanists in his political affairs. He de
clares the opposition is honest and not a
bluff, and that most of McKinley's
strength in the State comes from the early
support of the A. P. A. He says the
order will have 150 to 160 votes in the St.
Louis convention and will favor Allison or
Reed first. 33:*; 33^
SHERMAN IXDORSES M'KIXLEY.
Argues With the Ohio Statesman on the
Money Question.
BROOKLYN, N.Y., April 27.— At a
meeting of the Brooklyn Young Republi
can Club this evening a letter from Sena
tor Sherman of Ohio was read, in which
he said:
"There can be no doubt as to the opin
ions of Major McKinley on the money
question. He is committed in every form,
by speech and otherwise, to. the Republi
can policy of maintaining the present gold
coin of the United States as the standard
of value. He, in common with myself and
others, believes that silver should be em
ployed as money, always, however, to be
maintained at a par with gold. The con
venience of silver coins for the transac-
tions of minor business is so manifest that
no sound money man would desire its dis
continuance, but upon the primary con
dition that its coinage should be limited
and its purchasing power maintained by
the fiat of the Government at par with
gold. He believes as I do, that a tariff
should be adopted that will partially pro
tect all American industries from undue
competition with foreign production that
can be and ought to be produced in the
United States." '
YET BOTHERS THE BRITISH
Questions Relating to the Vene
zuelan Matter Asked in
the Commons.
The Only Information Given Is That
Negotiations for Arbitration Are
, ' ' - Progressing.
LONDON, Eng., April 27.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, in reply to questions on the sub
ject, stated' that the Government had re
ceived by telegraph the substance of Presi
dent Kruger's reply. to the Government's
invitation to visit London to discuss Trans
vaal affairs. The reply, he said, was long
and could not j be , fairly appreciated with
out referring to the dispatch in extenso
and to the preceding correspondence.
3 Under the circumstances, Mr. Chamber
lain' added,3 the Government reluctantly
withdrew V their invitation to President
Krueer and had cabled to | Sir Hercules
Robinson, Governor of Cape Colony, in
structing that as soon as Sir Graham
Bower, the Imperial Secretary at Cape
town, should arrive there on his return
from England, he being now on the way,
he (Robinson) should come, to England
and receive instructions which would
guide him in the pursuit of future negotia
tions.
Mr. Chamberlain announced that the
whole correspondence would shortly be
published.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, in accord
ance with notice given by him on April
23, asked the Government what, if any,
arrangements had been made to conclude
by arbitration a settlement of the differ
ences between the United States and Great
Britain in regard to Venezuela.
A. J. Balfour, First Lord of the Treas-
ury, said arrangements to arbitrate in re
spect of the Venezuelan and other ques
tions was a matter which both the British
and the United States had in view. The
latest communications on the subject
which had been received from the United
States on Friday were now under consid
eration, and dealt with both the general
question of arbitration and the Venezue
lan dispute. To give further information
concerning the matter, he concluded,
would at the present time be inexpedient.
Mr. Labouchere asked what amount of
cash belonged to the Chartered South
African Company, and would the Govern
ment obtain security that the cash would
remain available to repay the Govern
ment for its outlay in defraying the ex-
Eense involved in suppressing the Mata
ele revolt.
Mr. Chamberlain replied that the com
pany had £500,000 cash. The Government,
he added, did not propose to take the
course which Mr. Labouchere's questions
suggested, the Chartered Company having
paid the expenses of contending against
the revolt as they had been incurred.
Mr. Curzon, Under Foreign Secretary,
said the Russian Embassador had in
formed the Government that the state
ment made in the press that a secret treaty
had been concluded between Russia and
China, whereby the latter ceded large
tracts of territory to Russia, was devoid of
the slightest foundation.
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, Chancellor of
the Exchequer, in reply to a question, said
that the Government declined to alter the
law so that the remission of the income
tax would be granted on the life premiums
of American insurance companies doing
business in the United Kingdom.
Mr. Balfour moved that the Government
control the whole of the time of the House
for the remainder of the session, and after
a long debate it was adopted. ■••-•■ -^ *.. *- J
LEXIXGTOX'S SPRIXG MEETIXG.
Good Racing at the Home of Henry of
Xavnrre.
LEXINGTON, Ky., April Lexing
ton, the home of Henry of Navarre, Clif
ford and many other good ones, opened its
track for the spring meeting to-day. The
attendance was flattering and the racing
clean. Seven books had as much as they
could attend to in handling the specula
tors' coin. Two track records were broken,
Simon W in the first knocking a quarter
of a second off Prince Imperial's time
made last fall and Prince Lief establishing
a new figure for a mile and a sixteenth.
Three-quarters of a mile, Simon W won, Za
none second. Myrtle Harkness third. Time,
1:13%
Mile, Fred Barr won, Ace second, Sligo third.
Time, I:4l>^.
Mile and a sixteenth, Distillers' stake, Prince
Lief won, Semper Ego second, Galon dOr
third. Time, 1 -.l6*^.
Nine-sixteenths <.'*' a mile, TW W won, Red
second. Gewgaw third. Time, :57J^.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile, Suisun won, Eu
genia Wicks second, Tempesta third. Time,
'55.
CHICAGO, 111., April 27.— Creole
and Ethel lean were the only favorites that
won at Forsyth to-day. Spendoline and
Hazel Hatch at 10 and 8 to 1 respectively
were the winning long shots.
Six furlongs, La Creole won, Mary L second,
Glenoid third. Time. 1:20%
Four furlongs, Thomas Paine won, Clematis
second, Mrs. Murphy third. Time, :s_!. -
Five and a half furlongs Ethelleah won,
Lottie second, Woodlako third. Time, 'l:l2%.
* Seven furlongs, Spendoline won. Hillsboro
second, Evenatus third. *■ Time, 1:33% *.*■*; *. ■:-■•.'
Six furlongs, Hazel Hatch won, tiomor sec
ond, Montell third. Time, 1 :20%
Five furlongs. Inspector Hunt won. Excuse
second, Ferryman 111 third. Time, l:os'_*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.—
eighth day's racing at Bennings was list
less. The appearance on the track, be
tween the third and fourth races, of Henry
of Navarre was an oasis in the desert.
Six furlongs, Volley won, Sir Dixon Jr. sec
ond, lime, 1:15% No other starters.
Four and a half furlongs, Domitor won,
Florien second, Winged Foot third. Time,
:06 3-5. *--'•:■=
One mile, Prig won, Golden Gate second,
ugnut third. Time, 1:45.
Six furlongs, selling, Emotional won, Jeffer
son second, I'ahnerstone third. Time, 1:17.
Hurdle race, selling, one and three-quarters
miles, Kilkenny won, Tom Moore second,
Woodford third. Time, 3:28.
NASHVILLE, Tens., April 27.— The
spring meeting of the Cumberland Driv
ing Association opened to-day. The big
event, the Cumberland prize, went to Lady
Inez, the favorite.
Three quarters of a Tartarian won,
Mattie Lee second, Wang third. Time, 1,16%,
One mile— lmp. Sauter won, Joe O'Sot sec
ond, Blasco third. Time 1:46%..
One mile and an eighth— Lady Inez won,
Rondo second, Ben Eder third. Time, 2:02.
Half a mile Hazel Hatch won, Gomor sec
ond, Montell third. Time :50%.
Seven-eighths of a mile — Overclla won,
Fresco second, Guard third. Time, 1:33.
Half a mile— Vie won, Urannv second,
Outing third. Time, :52.
OX THE BALL FIELD.
Friend of Chicago Batted Out of the Box
by Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. April 27.— Friend
was called back from Chillicothe to pitch
to-day's game, but was batted out of the
box in the fourth inning. "Red" Ehret
pitched a great game for the locals, only
allowing eight hits and three of these
were scratches, and not a base on balls was
given by him. Attendance 3000. Score:
Cincinnati! 0 313 0 110 0-9 15 4
ChlcaßOS.... 0000 _ 1000—3 8 4
• Batteries— Ehret and Peitz; Friend, Brlggs and
Donahue and Anson. Umpire— Sheridan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. April 27— By losing
again to-day the Colonels dropped to the
lowest place ever held by a league team.
The fielding of the Colonels was wretched.
Attendance 1200. Score :
Ht. Louis. 5000021 o*— B 6 S
Bouisvilles 2000 00 0 0 o—2 6 4
Brettenstein, Kissinger and "Ucl'ar
land; McDermott, Fraaer and Warner. Umpire
Kmslie. \: : »:„.3p,>^ f ~ : ,■.-.. >■.• 7
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. April 27—
Brooklyn defeated Philadelphia to-day by
bunching their hits in the last three in
nings of the game. Attendance ßsoo. Score:
Brooklyns 000000 2 81—6 10 1
Philadelphlas 00 10 12 0 0-4 10 1
Batteries— Kennedy and Burrell; Tay
lor and Clements. Umpire— Lynch.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 27—Bal
timore played j superior ball to-day and
but for Bowerman's wild throw would
have shut Washington out. Attendance
8000. Score:
Baltimore-) ...\. '..... 02 100 100 *-4 6 6
Washlntrtoas .......1 0 00000 o—l7 1
Batteries— McJames and McAuley, • Hoffer
and Bowerman. Umpire— Hurst.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.-Meekin
pitched winning ball against the Bostons
to-day, but the New Yorks played in the
field like school boys. Their errorswere most
discouraging to the big pitcher, who re
ceived a warm welcome from the crowd.
Attendance 22C0. Score: v-*--,.;:
New York! 100201000-4 6 8
Bostons 1200 100 2 I—7 1] H
Batteries— Meekln and Farrell, Nichols and
Ryan. Umpire— Keefe. *^ ,'3,',* ;■"•.' *'
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 27.— 8a1l game
postponed on account of rain.
Burned at Sea.
LONDON, Eng., April 27— j Nicara
guan ship Charles R. Fl in (late the British
ship Caimielle), Captain Carver; from
New York March 14 ! for Shanghai, has
been burned at sea. Her crew has arrived
at Pernambuco.
; *'". The steeple of the - Milan Cathedral is
355 feet in height. 3
COMPLETED BY
THE COMMITTEE
Appropriations for Rivers
and Harbors Agreed
Upon.
BIG TOTAL OF THE BILL.
Over Twelve Million Dollars to
Be Expended in Needed
Improvements.
INCREASE IN THE ALLOWANCES
One Provision for Permitting Rival
Railroads to Secure Facilities 
at Santa Monica.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— The
Senate Committee on Commerce to-day
completed the river and harbor appropria
tion bill and it was reported to the Senate.
The committee struck out and reduced ap
propriations aggregating $631,858 and in
creased or inserted items aggregating
$2,661,690, making a net increase of $2,029,
--832, the bill now carrying a total of $12,
--444,550.
The improvements placed under the
contract system were increased net by
$8,504,403. leaving the total of this form of
liabilities to be provided foi by future ap
propriations at $60,225,618.
Among the new items are the following:
Rock Island harbor, Rhode Island, $5000;
improving deep channel at Baltimore to
thirty feet, $400,000; Mobile. Ala., dredg
ing channel, $60,000; deep-water harbor at
Santa Monica, Cal., $100,000, with a pro
vision for a contiguous contract aggregat
ing $2,993,000, and provided that prior to
the expenditure of any of this money
the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany shall file with the Secre
tary of War an agreement that any rail
road company may share in the use of the
pier now constructed on the site ot this
harbor and the approaches thereto, situ
ated westerly of the easterly entrance to
the Santa Monica tunnel, upon paying its
proportionate cost and maintenance of the
same, such proportion, in case of disagree
ment, to be determined by the Secretary
of War.
Acquiring right of way for Illinois and
Mississippi canal, $20,000; snagging uppe
Missouri River, $50,000; completing cut at
head reach San Joaquin River, Cal,
$37,500, and unexpended balance of $24,000
may be used in dredging Stockton and
Mormon channels at the head of naviga
tion at Stockton.
Columbia River, Oregon and Washing
ton — Constructing and equipping boat rail
way at The Dalles, $100,000, with a continu
ing contract limited to $2,064,467; Colum
bia River, Cascades, $50,000; protecting
existing ■ works, $20,000; Puget Sound,
dredging Salmon Bay and enlarging the
waterway into a ship canal, $100,000, with
continuing contract limited to $1,400,000.
The principal increases are as follows:
San Diego, Cal., $40,000 to $50,000; San
Luis Obispo, Cal., $32,000 to $40,000; Wil
mington, Cal., left at $50,000 and placed
under contract system at $342,000; Grays
Harbor. Wash., $10,000 to $20,000; Everett,
Wash., $20,000 to $30,000; improving mouth
of Flint River, lowa, $50,000 to $75,000;
Missouri River Commission, contingent ex
penses, $250,000 to $300,000; continuing con
tracts under Missouri River Commission,
increased from $250,000 t0 5300,000 per year;
Upper Missouri, $190,000 to $220,000—
$10,000 of which is to be used for the.pro
tection of caving banks on the South
Sioux City front; Bismarck harbor, North
Dakota, $20,000 to $40,000; lower
Willamette River, Oregon, $50,000 to $100,
--000; Puget Sound and tributary waters,
$27,000 to $75,000; Columbia River, be
tween month of Willamette and the city
of Vancouver, $30,000 to $67,000.
The principal reductions were:
Harbors— Wynaw Bay, S. C, $110,000 to
$75,000 and placed under contract system
limited to $1,996,250. Savannah, Ga., con
tract limited to $1,093,950, stricken out.
Oakland, Cal., $100,000 to $75,000 and
placed under contract and limited to
$666,000. Port Orford, Or., stricken out.
Removal of bar opposite Dubuque, lowa,
$5000, stricken out. Removal of bar at
Quincy, 111., $10,000, stricken out. Main
taining Rock Island harbor, Illinois,
$5000, stricken out. Skagit River, Wash
ington, $10,000, stricken out.
Other changes were: The item for the
construction of restraining barriers in Sac
ramento and Feather rivers, California, as
recommended by the California Debris
Commission, instead of being contingent
upon the appropriation of a like sum
($250,000) by California, simply authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to receive
any and all sums the State may appro
priate.
The general provisions of the bill gov
erning the construction of the public
works provide that the Secretary of War
shall not obligate the Government to pay
in any one fiscal year more than $400,000
on any one work placed under the con
tract system instead of "25 per cent"
of the amount of that work, as pro
vided in the House bill, but he is not
prevented from making contracts for the
whole of the work, subject to these re
strictions. The harbor of refuge at the
mouth of Delaware Bay is exempted from
this restriction.
GORMAX WAS IXFLTTEXCED.
Cleveland May Veto the River and Harbor
 3 Bill. ■ -i'\\,
. WASHINGTON, D. C, April There
was a lively time in the Commerce Commit
tee to-day. Senator White endeavored to
have adopted Senator Nelson's proposition
to appoint a commission to decide whether
money should be expended at San Pedro
or Santa Monica, but no formal vote was
taken on this motion. White, Berry and
Nelson gave notice that they would vigor
ously oppose the Santa Monica appropria
tion on the Senate flooi - . 3
Several days ago Chairman Frye said he
would not report the river and harbor bill
unless the committee was unanimous, but
this seems to have been only a "bluff," for
the vote stood eight to seven. Those who
voted for Santa Monica were: Frye, Quay,
Jones, Squire, Murphy, Gorman, McMillan
and Mcßride. For San Pedro: Berry, Vest,
White, 1 Caff Nelson, Pasco and Elkins.
The " latter ' finally cast his vote : for San
Pedro's side. He was originally for San
Pedro, and then changed to Santa Monica,
but now, for some reason, is for the former
site. .'■■, *- 3' ■*-, ■*. . ..
R. C. Kerens of St. Louis and George E.
Leighton, president of the Los Angeles
Terminal Railway and also stockholder in
the Rio Grande Western and Santa Fe
railroads, are working enthusiastically for
San Pedro, and they influenced Senator
Elkins. Kerens and Leighton called at
Senator Gorman's house to-night and re
mained in consultation with him for sev
eral hours, trying to persuade him to
change his vote in favor of San Pedro.
The vote stands eight to seven, and if
Gorman changes the bill will be re
committed to the committee on commerce.
All depends upon Gorman. A week
ago Senator White understood that Gor
man was for San Pedro, but to-day, in ex
plaining his vote, Gorman said that Jones
of Nevada had reminded him of the assist
ance which he (Jones), Stewart and others
tendered Gorman when the "force bill"
was defeated in the Senate. Gorman's
remembrance of this and his lively sense
of gratitude warped his better judgment,
ana to please Jones, who has large prop
erty interests at Santa Monica, he con
sented to vote for Santa Monica, but he
may change his mind before morning.
Kerens and Leighton are still laboring
with him.
There is a well-founded report in circula- i
tion to-night that President Cleveland will
veto the river and harbor bill. It is said
that he has been considering the advisabil
ity of this for some time. He does not be
lieve the low state of the Nation's finances
warrant the expenditure of more than
$10,000,000 on river and harbor improve
ments, most of which are entirely unneces
sary, in his opinion. He has particularly
objected to so much money being appro
priated (under continuous contracts), and
now the Santa Monica job gives him an
excuse to veto the bill outright.
The Call correspondent ascertained
from a thoroughly reliable source to-day
that President Cleveland has had before
him for the past few days the three
different reports of Government engineers
recommending San Pedro for the deep
harbor site. It is believed that unless the
Santa Monica appropriation is eliminated
he will veto the bill, and it is reasonably
probable that he will do so anyhow.
Senator White is now preparing his
minority reoort, which he expects to pre
sent to-morrow. The bill comes up on
Wednesday and a lively time is expected.
Both White and Perkins were bombarded
with telegrams from Southern California
citizens yesterday and to-day, asking them
to vote for Santa Monica. Senator Per
kins yesterday received over 100 telegrams.
It is very evident that they have been in
spired by Huntington. But these mes
sages have no effect on White and Per
kins, who will fight the Santa Monica ap
propriation to the death.
SAN JOSE RAILWAY SUED
Heavy Damages Demanded for
the Killing of Ormond
Butler.
Death of the Lad Alleged to Have
Been Due to the Company's
Negligence.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 27.— $30,000
damage suit of T. D. Butler against the
San Jose Street Railway Company was be
gun before a jury in Judge Lorigan's
court to-day. The suit is the result of an
accident on August 24 last, in which
Ormond Butler, a 20-year-old son of
the plaintiff, was killed.
Young Butler was riding a bicycle along
North First street near St. John at the
time of the accident. When passing a
streetcar going in an opposite direction
the car jumped the track and the rear end
swung around and struck him in the head.
Butler was picked up unconscious and lin
gered until August 30, when his death oc
cured from concussion of the brain.
The plaintiff states in the complaint
that his son was the sole support and
solace of his old age, and at the time of
his death was preparing to furnish a home
for the defendant in this city. V-
It is alleged that the switch where the
accident occurred was in an unsafe and
defective condition; that the frog was im
properly ballasted and imbedded ; and was
at all times so loose that when the wheels
of a car struck the switch there was a
rebound that threw them upward. Ii is
also claimed that the car was unsound and
unfit for use, having wheels so wide and
broad that the gauge of tracks was too
narrow to insure safe passage. Negligence
on the part of the motorman is also
charged.
Besides the $30,000 damages asked,
$257 40 is added for medical attendance
and funeral expenses.
The street railway company denies the
charges in the complaint in toto, and
attributes the young man's death to his
own negligence in riding at a great speed
in too close proximity to the car. * Several
witnesses were examined to-day and the
case went over till to-morrow.
The Barron Will Case.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 27.— J. C. Mc-
Kinstry, attorney for the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum, to-day filed a
notice in the Superior Court that on Mon
day, May 4, he would move to dismiss the
contest of the will of Edward Barron, de
ceased, instituted by George E. Barron, on
the ground that the officers of the San
Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum, one
of the beneficiaries under the will, had not
been properly served with a citation in the
case. ;*3~- *.
Hawkins Again Arrested.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 27.— The charge
of perjury against H. P. Hawkins, a pri
vate detective who has been conducting a
warfare against liquor-dealers who sell to
minors, "was dismissed this morning on
account of a defective complaint. Haw
kins was charged with giving false testi
mony during the trial of J. Hermelin on
January 29. Late this afternoon Hawkins
was arrested for the same charge .on
another complaint.
Queen of Los Gatos' Float.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 27.— Edith
Walser has been chosen Queen to preside
over the Los Gatos float in the Carnival of
Roses parade. Miss Walser is a very beau
tiful and accomplished young lady. She
will choose her maid in honor and ladies
in waiting.
Portland Honors Walker.
PORTLAND, Ok., April 27.— General I.
N. Walker, commander-in-chief of the
Grand Army of the Republic, was given a
reception to-night by the . Grand Army
posts of this city at G. A. R. Hall. The
commander and his chief of staff, Colonel
Dietrich, were met at the train upon their
arrival from California and shown over the
city. Inclement weather interfered with
the elaborate plan - of entertainment for
the day, as intended by the reception
committee. The commander left for the
Souna to-night. : -- 33*,-3-
A Carson Burglar's Haul.
CARSON, Nev., April 27.— burglar
early, this morning forced his way through
the back door of E. James' barber-shop
and took all the money in the till. He
then went into John Carter's shoemaker's
shop, adjoining, : and looted : it, finding
three old cans filled with money. He got
in all about $400.
HAMMOND IS GUILTY
But He Joins Other Reformers in
Saying He Was Not Hos
tile to Kruger.
Sentence Will Be Imposed Upon Those
Accused of Treason and Lese
Majeste.
PRETORIA, South Africa, April 27.—
John Hays Hammond, the American, and
other members of the Reform Committee
who were absent from the court on Friday
when pleas of guilty of treason and lese
majeste were entered by the accused, at
tended court to-day with the other de
fendants. Hammond pleaded guilty of
treason, while Saver and Simpson pleaded
guilty of lese majeste. J. S. Curtis, an
American engineer, who was also anion i_
the members of the committee who were
arrested, is the only one of the defendants
who has not pleaded to the charges. He
is at liberty on bail.
Counsel for the defense to-day read a
statement to the court signed by Ham
mond, Phillips, Farrar and Colonel
Rhodes, admitting that they had asked
Jameson to co to Johannesburg, but de
ploring his mistake in entering the Trans
vaal and marching on Johannesburg when
there was no urgent need for his presence.
They maintained that their action was not
hostile to the Government. Judgment
will be rendered to-morrow.
The trial of Curtis was postponed until
the next session of the court. .
The statement read by the counsel for
the defense also enumerates the grievances
of the Uitlanders and elaborated reasons to
prove that the actions of the committee
were not hostile to the republic. 3' ,33
Regarding Dr. Jameson's raid the state
ment declared that when the committee
learned certain facts it sent on December
27 two messengers (Major Heaney by rail
and Captain Holden across country) to
forbid Dr. Jameson to move.
FRAXCE'S XE W CABIXET.
M. Melino Succeeds in Selecting a Xew
Ministry.
PARIS, France, April 27.— 1t is generally
reported that M. Meline has succeeded in
forming a moderate Republican Cabinet,
in which there is no Radical element.
According to report, M. Hanotaux will
be Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. Barthou
Minister of the Interior, M. Meline Prime
Minister and Minister of Justice, General
Billot probably Minister of War and Ad
miral Barbry Minister of Marine.
The correspondent of the Daily News
adds the name of M. Trarieux to the list
of Ministers. He adds:
"11 a Meline Cabinet enters office heaven
help it. Most of the names mentioned in
connection with the reported Cabinet are
those of men who have heretofore held
positions in different Ministries."
Prince Christian Injured.
LONDON, Esq., April 27.— Prince Chris
tian of Schleswig-Holstein, husband of
Princess Helena, daughter of Queen Vic
toria, was knocked down by a cab while
crossing a street to-day. He was taken to
the hospital, but is not seriously injured.
NEW TO-DAY. v :
Immense Line
Best Tapestry Brussels
Sewed, Laid and Lined,
75c per yard.
Largest and Best Selected
Stock on the Coast.
Bigelow Body
Brussels /
Made by the Bigelow
Carpet Company,
oldest and most
reliable factory
in this or any other
country.
Regular price $1 35
per yard.
50 patterns.
10,000 yards to close
atsl 12s per yard,
sewed, laid
and lined.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
Carpets, Upholstery, Furniture,
641-647 Market Street,
San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CI
I STAMPED ON A SHOB
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
Iljfiii/ v>
CHEAP STYLISH RUSSETS.
We are prepared to show the most complete
lines of Ladies' Russet Oxfords, Button or Lace
Shoes in tins city. We have all thf latest styles—
everything new or nobby— and oar prices cannot
be beat. We have always borne the reputation of
selling the Best Shoes for the least money In this
city, and we are now in a better position than ever
before to sell close. ......
Lace Shoes are all the rage, and we have just re
ceived a large shipment of the very swellest Laco
Shoes made. They have Russet Kid Vamps.
Brown Cloth Tops, Needle Toes or Narrow Square
Toes, and Tips and Pliable Soles, and we will offer
them for 32 60.
These Shoes are worth more money, but we offer
them as an inducement. Before purchasing else-
where call and examine our stock and prices.
We are selling a Nobby Russet Goat Oxford,
with Pointed Toes and Tips, for- $1 25
*3- Country orders solicited.
_|_f- Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
34
THE TREADWELL
MINE DISASTER
Distraction Wrought by the
Explosion of Tons of
Dynamite
ONE HAPLESS VICTIM.
Watchman Cota's Body Torn to
Pieces by the Force of
the Blast. 4
TREES YARDS AWAY UPROOTED
Buildings Are Reduced to Debris and
Only a Great Hole Marks
. . Their Site.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 27.-
The steamer Willapa arrived from Alaska
at 8 o'clock this evening and brings news
of the terrible explosion which occurred
on the night of April 16 at the, Alaska
Treadwell Company's works on Douglas
Island. Four tons of dynamite was acci
dentally discharged, and general havoc
was wrought in the vicinity of the explo
sion.
Those of Juneau who had retired were
startled from their slumbers by a blast
that shook the earth. The various amuse
ment resorts were emptied, as if by magic,
of their thoroughly frightened revelers.
To those who quickly recovered their
senses three sharp, short whistles from the
Mexican mill indicated that a disaster had
occurred, and the presence of physicians
was needed.
Three doctors responded to the call, a
lone fisherman making a special trip to
convey them to the island. They were
met at the wharf by mine employes, who
excitedly exclaimed that the old magazine
had blown up, and with it one man —
Watchman William Cota — of whom not
the slightest trace could be found.
Immediately after the explosion miners
hurried up the hill to the scene of the dis
aster, but nothing could be seen by the
dim rays of their lanterns except a hole in
the ground and a mass of debris lying
around it. In the morning, as soon it be
came light, it was found that the hole was
twelve or fifteen feet deep, fifteen feet
wide and about twice as long.
The snow covering a space forty acres in
extent was strewn with small bits of wood, j
not one piece of which could be found
larger than one's finger. The awful force '<
of the powder was shown by the trees and I
stumps in the vicinity being uprooted and
tossed down hill.
A huge bank of fog lying at the rear of
the house was shoved up hill en masse for
a distance of several feet and a stump
some three feet in diameter situated a
short distance away was split in twain.
A most diligent search for the remains of
the unfortunate man resulted in the find
ing of one eye, a piece of skull with skin
and hair attached about the size of a half
dollar and a piece of skin about half as
large as the palm of a hand.
At the mill buildings, store and private
residences adjacent the force of the shock
made itself very apparent. The boarding
hoUse looks as though a cyclone had
struck it, every door and window facing
the mill being blown out. Several eye
witnesses to the frightful blast say they
heard the report and simultaneously saw
a huge volume of fire shoot up in an area
of several hundred feet.
By the light it made the air even at a
distance appeared to be clouded with
debris. After the flash vast quantities of
smoke arose and in a few moments ob
scured everything from view.
William Cota hailed from Spring Valley,
Cal. Several things connected with his
death make it a particularly sad one. Un
til about three weeks ago he had been em
ployed in the Treadwell Mill.
At that time he received word of the
probable fatal illness ol his father and also
of a brother having his leg broken. This
weighed on his mind, and he seemed to
have a presentiment of impending danger.
He finally gave up his position and re
turned to Juneau, occupying a cabin at
the rear of the hospital. Three weeks
rolled by, and he concluded to return to
work, accepting the post at which he met
his death. He was 30 years old, sober and
of good moral character and a member of
the Masonic fraternity.
AINSWORTH FLAME-SWEPT.
Every Hotel and Business House in the
British Columbia Town De
stroyed.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 27.— A special
telegram from Nelson, B. C, says: Ains
worth, on the west shore of Lake Koote
nai, opposite the Pilot Bay smelter, is in
ashes. Fire broke out last night and
found the town absolutely without pro
tection. The citizens did all men could
do, but were powerless to check the
flames until every hotel and business
house had been burned to the ground.
A few goods were saved, but in most
cases the loss is believed to be practically
total. Dwellings lying north of the busi
ness district, along the shore of the lake,
are separated by a considerable distance
from the stores and were saved. . Charles
Olsen carried a little insurance, and ri.
Geigrich's loss is also partially insured.
None of the others carried even small
policies, as the rates are high and many of
the buildings were poorly constructed.
Following are losses:. H. Geigrich, gen
eral merchandise stock, valued at $12,000;
vacant three-story building, owned by the
owners of the Ainsworth Hotel, valued at
$6000; Frank Heep's store, a one-story
building, and stock, worth about $1500;
Ainsworth Hotel, Charles Olsen proprie
tor, two-story building and contents worth
$3500; Olßen saloon, two-story building,
value with contents $3500. Another two
story hotel, a block south of McLeod's
building, was burned, value $2000.
It is understood thatDi. Henry's drug
store, valued, with contents, at $5000, was
destroyed, but this cannot be positively
confirmed. Relief will be sent from Nel
son, though it is believed little will be
needed. The fire started in Heep's sa
loon—how is not known.
UKIAH PERJURY CASE.
Serious Accusation Against a Man Tried
for Burglary.
UKIAH, Cal., April David Oldham,
who was convicted of robbery in compli
city with G. W. Hilton and sent to serve
twelve years at Folsom last July, and. was
since granted a new trial by the Supreme
Court, was. yesterday returned < to the
County Jail to await the new trial. Judge
McGarvey to-day made an order admitting
him to. bail in the sum 'of $5000 on the
robbery charge. Bail was furnished by
his friends.
Oldham had no sooner been released
than a warrant charging him with perjury,
committed in connection with his former
trial, was served on him. The preliminary
examination on this charge was held this
afternoon before Justice L. S. . Sullivan,
who. after hearing the testimony, ad
mitted Oldham to bail In the sum of $5000.
This bond was also promptly furnished.
CAP/TOLA CELEBRATION.
Odd Fellows Observe the Anniversary of
the Order's Founding in
America.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April More
than 1000 people enjoyed the basket picnic
and barbecue at Capitola to-day in cele
bration of the seventy -seventh anniversary
of the institution of Odd Fellowship in the
United States.
The affair was under the auspices of
Soquel Lodge, three other lodges Pajaro
of Watsonville, and San Lorenzo and
Branciforte of Sauta Cruz— being the
guests. The 1000 persons attending repre
sented the Odd Fellows' strongest county
in point of numbers, compared to popula
tion, in the world.
There are approximately 20,000 people
in Santa Cruz County, and there are 1000
Odd Fellows in the county. The attend
ance to-day included a large number of
ladies, and about half the strength of the
Odd Fellows was represented. The day
was perfect, and the affair was successful
from every point of view.
Carl Lindsay, District Attorney of this
county, was the presiding officer, and
David Maher, a young attorney of Wat
sonville, delivered' the oration.
The Odd Fellows of this county are as
strong financially and in all those things
which pertain to good Odd Fellowship as
they are numerically. The four lodges
own their own halls, possessing an aggre
gate of $80,000 worth of real estate.
A STRIKE AT SPOKANE
Union Workmen Employed by
the Edison Electric Com
pany Walk Out.
Trouble Caused by a Refusal to Al
low Increased Pay for Extra
Time.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 27.— A1l mem
bers of the Electrical Union of this city in
the employ of the Edison Electric Com
pany went out on a strike to-night. The
cause of trouble was a demand of the
armature workers for pay and a half for
overtime which the company would not
accede to. Some time ago the demand
was made by the men and the company
agreed to pay it to those working in the
light department.
A few days later all armature men were
transferred from that department to the
street railway department, where they
came under charge of the street railway
superintendent and under the rules of that
company, where no extra charge is given
for overtime, although they are still doing
the same work.
When they were called to do overtime
they did so, but the company, sayine they
were not employes of the Edison Com
pany, but of the Spokane Street Railway
Company, refused to pay extra. The men
then quit work. Efforts were made to se
cure some compromise, but were not suc
cessful. ....
Althougn the plant is running all richt
to-night and all the power and light is on,
it ia contended by the men that "the com
pany cannot find enough competent non
union men to conduct the plant right
along.
The Edison Electric Light Company,
the Spokane Street Railway Company and
several kindred concerns, "although sepa
rate corporations, are all under one man
agement and are now in the hands of the
bondholders, who have a man here look
ing after affairs.
The closing down of the plant would
mean the shutting down of all the street
railway lines and all the electric light and
power "in the city. D. L. Huntington, man
ager of the company, says that they can fill
the places at once and there will be no
trouble.
Considerable sympathy for the strikers
is manifested, but no serious trouble is an
ticipated. ' •
1 ■
FRESNO COUNTY ROUTES
Valley Railroad Builders Ready
to Extend the New Line
Southward.
Choice of the Course Will 'Depend
Upoa the Attitude of the
Farmers.
FRESNO, Cal., April 27.— C. S. Young
of San Francisco, who has charge of the
right of ay business for the Valley road,
arrived in Fresno to-day, and will at once
turn his attention to the surveys south of
this city. He will work in conjunction
with and under instructions from the com
mittee of ten of this city to secure rights of
way through Fresno County.
A representative of the committee will
accompany him this week over the route
by way of Reedley, and also that by way
of Hanford, and will see individual land
owners and ascertain their disposition.
Dr. Pedlar, chairman of the Committee of
Ten, stated, to-day that the result of inter
views with land-owners on the two routes
would decide which would be built first.
While Mr. Young and representatives of
the committee are going over the routes
and talking with the people, it is not their
purpose at this time to enter written con
tracts for rights of way. They will do that
after they have decided which route offers
better inducements and more favorable
terms. . *  .. :_.-..
The company is now ready to begin
work south from this city, and is only
waiting until the question of a route is
settled. The matter will be determined in
a short time. ;
VIS I XT A CRUZ.
Hotel Men Entertained in the City of the
Water Carnival. 7/ : ji7-
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., April 27 The ex
cursion train occupied by the Eastern
hotel men and their guests stopped here
for four hours to-day. Some of the guests
were driven over the cliff drive in private
and public carriages. Others visited Vue
de l'Eau, going by the electric-cars. The
party was driven to the Santa Cruz Moun
tain Wine Company's cellars, and each
visitor carried away a bottle of wine.
Luncheon was served by John R. Chace
at the Sea Beach Hotel and the Pacific
Ocean House. The Easterners left at 2
o'clock this afternoon to visit the Big
Trees, and then return to San Francisco.
Tiering Sen Fleet.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 27.—
The United States Bering Sea fleet, con
sisting of the cutters Bear, Corwin, Rush
and Wolcott, will leave at noon to-morrow
for the north. •
g This morning a party of prominent local
citizens boarded the cutter Bear and pre
sented Captain Francis Tuttle with a hand
some -silver service appropriately engraved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. APRIL 28, 1896.
PROHIBITIONISTS
AT LOS ANGELES
Strife in the Convention
Over a Declaration of
Principles.
NEW ISSUES INCLUDED
Resolutions Embrace Planks on
Questions Not Affecting
Temperance.
WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE FAVORED.
Fair Delegates Participate in the
Deliberations— Secretary Dickie
r Denounced.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April |27— The
Prohibition party of Los Angeles County
held a mass-convention in this city to-day
to select forty-three delegates to the State
Convention of Prohibitionists at Stockton
on May 13, to. elect a new County Central
Committee and to adopt a platform.
About a third of the delegates were
women, who proved quite capable of tak
ing a conspicuous part in the proceedings
and showing that they understood par
liamentary rules. 3333.
Everything went smoothly until the
committee on resolutions was called to
make its report. Then, to the astonish
ment of the convention, it was found that
the committeemen had failed to agree and
that there were two reports. Rev. Dr.
Wilson of the old Fort-street M. E. Church
of this city read and defended the major
ity report.
J. M. Glass of Pasadena, chairman of
the State Central Committee, championed
the minority report. This precipitated a
vehement and determined discussion. The
issue was between what is known as the
single-issue principle — prohibition — and
the broad-gauge idea, containing other po
litical considerations. 33-33
Most of the ministers present fought for
the single idea, as embodied in the major
ity report, and the lay members urged the
opposite course.
J. M. Glass, in behalf of his report, said
it was time for the party to set it
self right on urgent, living issues of the
day, and, referring to the '•gold-bug"
influence, characterized Samuel Dickie,
the secretary of the Prohibition National
Committee, as a tool of monopoly, the
treasurer of the Standard Oil Company,
and one who should have long since been
replaced by some man whose sympathies
were with the common people.
This language was denounced as inde
cent personalities and blackguardism by
Rev. Mr. Wilson, who followed Mr. Glass.
The reverend gentleman, warming to his
subject, was called to account in turn by a
lady delegate, who said:
"What do you call your language if not
personal and unreasonably abusive?"
This staggered the brother somewhat
and he lowered his voice and proceeded in
a milder tone. The debate continued until
a late hour, the advocates of the minority
report winning at every point.
The usual prohibition resolution sec
tions of the majority report were con
sented to by the adherents of the opposi
tion report, after which the following ad
ditional minority report was adopted, as
read by its author and chief advocate:
We declare in favor of Government ownership
of all works of public necessity, to be adminis
tered in the interest of all the people. We
declare in favor of the initiative, referendum
and proportional representation. Wo declare
in favor of an eleventh amendment to the
State constitution, giving women the right of
suffrage. * 3 .'-3
We believe in _ro._, silver and paper as
money— to be on a parity and receivable
for all debts— to be issued by the Government
direct to the people.
Great importance attaches to the action
of this convention from the standpoint of
Prohibitionists, from the fact that this is
one of the strongest Prohibition counties
in California, and also because this is one
of the first counties to formulate party
issues. -
The delegates to the State convention
are: Jesse Smith, Pico Heights; J. D.
Requa, Los Angeles; J. E. McComas,
Pomona; Dr. Bowers, Los Angeles; Rev.
Clarence Wilson, Los Angeles; E. P.
Boucher, Palms; F. N. Stewart, Los
Angeles; Rev. H. George H. Dekay,
Santa Monica; Rev. J. M. Hil
bird, Giendale; J. M. Glass,
Pasadena; A. C. Hazard, Whittier; Rev.
M. J. Hall, Los Angeles; Theodore D. Ka
nouse, Giendale; Mary E. Garbutt, Los
Angeles; Theodore Armstrong, Whittier;
W. D. Gould, Los Angeles; Mrs. J. H.
Glass, Pasadena; C. P. Dorland, Los
Angeles; P. F. Breesee, Los Angeles;
Mrs. W. D. Gould, Los Angeles;
W. K. Green, Whittier; H. K. Needham,
M. Yocum, A. F. M. Strong, J. D. Evans,
W. L. Stevens, Los Angeles; Rev. A. In
wood, Long Beach; E. G. Shipley, Los
Angeles; Rev. E. D. Ebey. Los Angeles;
Mrs. A. T. Hazard, Whittier; Rev. Mr.
Ingram, Downey; George W. White, Uni
versity; F. M. Porter, Los Aneeles; G. W.
Ogle, Pomona; Dr. Corbin, Los Angeles;
O. R. Dougherty, Pasadena; Mrs. George
W. Duggar, Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Rev.
Mr. Leonardson, Pasadena.
Humboldt County Populists.
EUREKA, Cal., April 27.— These are
the delegates elected at the Populist
County Convention to attend the conven
tion at Sacramento on May 12: Hon. 8. M.
Buck, G. J. Moore, W. L. Mercer, J. Hem
stead, E. A. Tappendorf, Dr. Ring, J.
Wil fie, A. Waddmgton, Jeff Knight and
J. Hanson. It is an A. P. A. delegation.
Lively Contest in Arizona.
TUCSON, Aniz., April 27.— The Repub
lican County Convention instructed for
McKinley. This insures a McKinley dele
eation (to St. Louis. Advices from other
parts of the Territory indicate that there
will be a contesting delegation at the Na
tional convention opposed to McKinley.
DELINQUEXT TAX LIABILITIES.
Attorney- General Fitzgerald Submits an
' ' Opinion.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 27.-At
torney-General Fitzgerald has given an
opinion to State" Controller Colgaa on the
question of the liability of real estate for
delinquent taxes on personal property and
the effect on mortgages. He says:
' "I am in receipt of your favor of the 21st
inst., in which the following matter is re
ferred by you to me for decision : 'John
Doe is assessed as follows: North
east / quarter of section 84 and
improvements, value : $1600; mort
gage deductions, $1750; northwest
quarter of section 35 and improvements,
value $400; mortgage deduction, $1000;
southwest quarter of section 36 and im
provements, value $1750: personal prop
erty value, $1800. The foregoing assess
ment goes aelinauent, but the taxes on
the assessments of the mortgages are paid.
*." Query — Should the entire assessment
of John Doe to be carried to the delinquent
roll and advertised or only that portion
not covered by mortgage?' I am of the
opinion that the entire assessment of John
Doe should be carried to the delinquent
roll and advertised.
"Section 3717 of the Political Code pro
vides that: Every tax due upon personal
property is a lien upon the real proporty
of the owner thereof from and after 12
o'clock noon of the first Monday in March
in each year."
SAXTA BARBARA'S IXSOLVKNT.
Creditors of Jeweler Campbell Lose a
Case in Court.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 27.—
The case of 0. M. Campbell, an insolvent
debtor, was to-day dismissed in the
Superior Court, it being decided that the
court has no j urisdiction. Campbell is the
Petaluma jeweler who moved a valuable
stock from that place to this city last fall,
ostensibly seeking a new location. He
rented an expensive storeroom on State
street, but made no preparations or special
effort to do business, placing a rather
meager stock in the charge of a single
salesman. Soon attachments began to flow
in and in a short time the entire stock was
in the Sheriff's hands, where it 'has ever
since remained. His creditors included
several San Francisco firms and a long list
of Eastern wholesale jewelers, and it was
represented that several thousands of
dollars' worth of stock had mysteriously
disappeared.
Soon after the attachments began to be
levied Campbell produced a bill of sale of
his entire stock, alleged to have been
executed a month before to his sister, Mrs.
Preston of Chicago. The fact that one of
the firms levying attachments upon the
htock has been in turn attached this spring
complicates the case. Campbell, who is a
jolly sporting man, has taken up quarters
in Santa Barbara, nonchalantly awaiting
the issue of events.
UPPER MATTOLE'S LEPER
The Grimm Family to Be Sent
Back to the Hawaiian
Islands.
No Hops for the Unfortunate Girl
Who Is Slowly Dying From
the Disease.
UKIAH, Cal., April 27.— W. A. Mc-
Cormack, who accompanied Supervisor
Flanagan to Usal to investigate the lep
rosy case near that town, confirms the
Supervisor's statement in The Call of to
day that the afflicted person, a girl 15
years old, is in the last stages of the dread
disease. She is a daughter of Grimm, and
came to Needle Rock, in this county, with
her brother and father some years ago.
They subsequently removed to Upper
Mattole, near tbe county line, where they
now reside.
The Grimm family hailed from Ger
many aud moved to Hawaii twelve years
ago. The mother died on the island, and
the girl is said to have contracted the
disease. After leaving Hawaii the family
moved to this State and finally located in
Hopland, where the disease first became
apparent.
The girl was taken to a hospital in San
Francisco and one of her toes was ampu
tated. Subsequently the patient was dis
charged as cured.
The family is at present in very destitute
circumstances. The father is engaged in
keeping the road in his district in repair.
The son is an epileptic and can do no
work. The habitation of the family is
located in a dense redwood forest, and
many miles from any other dwelling.
The entire family will in all probability
be sent to San Francisco, and there steps
will be taken to return them to Hawaii if
this can be done. Supervisor Flanagan, to
whom the matter was referred at tne last
meeting of the Board of Supervisors, has
the case in charge and is now advising
with District Attorney Sturtevant as to
the best course to pursue.
SAILS TO SAXTA MONICA.
Flagship Philadelphia to Anchor in the
Southern Harbor.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 27.— A con
spicuous and very interesting feature of
La Fiesta parades last week in this city
was that afforded by the officers and men
from the flagship Philadelphia, which was
in San Pedro harbor. The officers were
guests of the Jonathan Club of this city.
By order of Admiral Beardslee the war
ship was held at San Pedro to give an
opportunity to visitors and residents to go
aboard. Many persons availed themselves
of the admiral s courtesy yesterday and
to-day. A large party of Jonathans and
their ladies visited the ship yesterday and
were shown every courtesy.
Other parties visited the warship this
afternoon, but to-nieht it is on its way to
Santa Monica. It was expected last week
that the vessel would goto San Francisco
immediately after the close of la fiesta, but
this plan has now been changed, and the
Chamber of Commerce here authorizes
the statement that it will remain off Santa
Monica for three or four days.
CAPE FLATTERY MONSTER.
Strange Sea Animal sighted by the Crew
of a Tug.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., April 27.—
Mate Crocker and Chief Engineer Harry
Flint of the tug Sea Lion state that on
Monday last, while the vessel was seeking
a tow off Cape Flattery in the dusk of early
evening, a marine monster was sighted.
Whatever the creature was they make
no claim of knowing, but they described it
as having been about sixty feet long and
apparently twenty-four inches in circum
ference. It was without the shaggy mane
and red eye of the traditional sea serpent,
suggesting that mythical reptile only in
the way its large, broad tail thrashed the
waters into foam as it sped by several
hundred feet ahead of the vessel.
. The story is further vouched for by two
responsible firemen who saw the freak
from a porthole and hastened at once up
the ladder into the engine-room to tell
Flint of the sight.
SEATTLE DIVORCE SCAXDAL.^Z
A Hotel Porter Deposes Against Accused
Mrs. Dawson. ,
5? SEATTLE, Wash.. April Affidavits
in the Dawson divorce case continue to
come from all parts of the United States.
To-day the deposition of Fred G. Alford
of 310 Chicago avenue, Chicago, was filed
with the County Clerk.
Alford was a porter at the fashionable
Vendome during Dr. and Mrs. Dawson's
stay there. He alleges that young men
were in the habit of going to Mrs, Daw
son's apartments at all hours of the night,
and upon one occasion, about 2 o'clock in
the morning, he saw A. C. Hess in Mrs.
Dawson's boudoir. 3 y7'7y
In the , cross-interrogatories of the de
fense Alford admitted that General E. M.
Carr, of counsel for the plaintiff, once
made him a present of $5. r;.
Explosion of a Bomb.
. PALERMO, Italy, April 27.— A bomb
exploded last night in front of the French
Consulate, doing no damage, however,
beyond breaking a few windows.
CONFESSES TO A
PORTLAND CRIME
** . • i
Emma Merlotin's Slayer
Talks When Near
Death.
OLD MYSTERY CLEARED.
He Killed the Woman for Her
Jewels Over a Decade
Ago.
FLED WITHOUT TEE BAUBLES.
Forsaken by His Courage After the
Victim Lay Dead at His
Feet.
PORTLAND, Ob., April 27.— years
ago last December Emma Merlotin, a
French woman, was butchered in her
house here. Several arrests were made,
but the crime could not be fastened upon
any of the suspects, neither was any ap
parent motive for the crime learned, as
none of the victim's valuable jewels, worth
thousands of dollars, was touched by the
murderer. The perpetrator of this bloody
crime was never identified by the police
here. But Francis Moranville, a recent
arrival from Montreal, Canada, to-day
told a story which sheds a ray of light
upon the fiend's identity. He says that
some time ago Antone Favre, a Montreal
convict, made an ante-mortem confession
of the butchery.
"I cannot remember the name of the
woman," said Moranville, "but I do recol
lect that in his confession he said that it
was a French woman of the town, and
that his motive was robbery. Favre was
serving a five years' sentence for attempt
ing to choke to death a woman of the
half-world. He got into a quarrel with a
fellow-convict, who stabbed him in the
lungs with a shoemaker's awl. When in
formed that he could live only a few days
at the utmost he made this confession."
Moran said that Favre had been in
Portland but two days when he killed the
woman, having come here from Helena,
Mont., where he had served time for some
crime. He visited the woman the first
night in town, and she exhibited some of
her jewels to him. On that occasion he
resolved to possess himself of them. He
closely watched the house, and when the
woman left it to visit a neighbor the . fol
lowing night he effected an entrance.
While he was searching for the valuables
the woman returned. She screamed when
she saw him, and to quiet her he struck
her over the head. Fearing that when
she regained consciousness she would give
the police a description of him, he then
killed her. After that his satanic courage
forsook him, and he fled from the scene
without further searching for the jewels. .
Moranville derived this information
from an officer of the prison in which
Favre died a day or two after his encoun
ter. Among the dead convict's effects
were a large number of Portland newspa
per clippings referring to the murder of
the woman here ten years ago.
THE WEAVERVILLE TRIAL
Friends and Relatives of Van
Horn and Crow Go Upon
Record.
Attempt to Impeach a Witness
Who Testified , Against the
Constables.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., April 27.— The
defense of Constables Crow and Van Horn,
on trial for complicity in the lynching of
"Jack" Littlefield in Round Valley on
September 27, 1895, after they had arrested
him for the alleged shooting of John M.
Vinton, has not yet ended. The entire
time to-day was taken up by witnesses
whose evidence is intended to offset that of
the prosecution. They were the friends of
Vinton and his employer, "King" George
E. White, and the relatives of the accused
men. -33
H. C. Simmons, a farmer and stock
raiser of Covelo, testified that" he went to
Hayden's house at the request of George
E. White to look after Vinton's cattle,
Vinton having written to White that he
had been shot. He reached Hayden's
house and was there subpenaed by Con
stable Van Horn to attend the inquest
over the body of Littlefieid.
He helped cut the body down from the
bough to which it was suspended and
made an examination of the ground. He
found a cartridge about four feet from the
trail, close to the manzanita tree near
which the man who shot Littlefield is sup
posed to have stood. Simmons testified
to having seen ihe tracks of three men on
one side of the trail and of two men on
the other side.
He measured the distance from the
scene of the lynching to the Red Mountain
House, and it was from two and a quarter
to two and a half miles. .
This was important testimony, as no
witness for the defense had estimated the
distance at more than I*4 to 1% miles. It
wQjild tend to disprove the testimony of a
witness for the .prosecution, who swore to
having heard the rifle reports at the Red
Mountain House when Littlefield was shot.
"Buck" Lacock, aged about 70, testified
to the firing of five shots from his Win
chester rifle on the afternoon of March 30,
1896, as requested by Attorney Reid, who
was present at the time. Tom Haydon
was with him when he fired the shots.
They could not .be- heard at the Red Moun
tain House. , • . ' 3
Gordon Van Horn, a brother of the de
fendant, Bayles Van Horn, said that he
gave his brother a 45-caliber Colts' re
volver with six chambers loaded and three
extra cartridges when he started out, at
Vinton's request, to arrest Littlefield.
On the return of Crow and Bayles Van
Horn he examined their weapons and
found then, clean both at the mouth and
breech, with rust in . the barrel of Crow's
rifle. His testimony was to prove that
the constables carried no weapon of a cali
ber corresponding to the cartridge shell
found at the scene of the lynching. Van
Horn also swore the constables nad no
rope similar to that with which Littlefield
was hanged. 3
J. W. Van Horn, the father of Constable
Van Horn, testified that, from actual test,
shots fired j| at ' the scene of the. Littlefield
lynchirg could not be; heard at the Red
Mountain : House. Mrs. J. W. Van Horn,
the mother of the defendant, told of hay
ing requested her son Gordon to examine
the. weapons of the constables after the
lynching to see if they had been used the
evening before.
John M. Vinton was recalled and stated
that he was present at the test and that
shots fired at the scene of the lynching
could not be heard at the Red Mountain
House. He admitted that be had been a
vaquero for George E. White.
Before the case went over until to-mor
row, the defense began the putting on of
witnesses to impeach the character of
Walter S. Clark, the main witness for the
prosecution. -71 vA- 333 *-■
BAKERSFIELD TRAGEDY.
Charles Jennings, a Teamster, Ends His
Life With a Bullet.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., April 27.— The
body of Charles Jennings was found in
the Royal lodging-house this evening,
with a bullet-hole in the skull and a big
revolver clutched in a stiffened hand. He
was employed as a teamster on the Tejon
ranch, and was a steady, 'hard-working
man.
He came to town with his team on Sat
urday, an.l, sent it back with another
driver. Engaging a room in the lodging
house, he left word not to be disturbed.
Late this evening a friend called and found
him dead in bed. No cause for the deed is
known. Jennings had wages due him
from the Beale estate, and had no trouble,
so far as known. He came here from Sa
linas or San Jose.
Celebrated at Tisalia.
VISALIA, Cal., April 27.— seventy
seventh anniversary of the founding of
Odd Fellowship in America was ob
served by appropriate exercises here
to-night. There was music, an oration
by E. M. Power and song by F.
W. Thompson of San Francisco
followed by an informal dance and a good
time in general at the armory. The Re
beckahs and visiting brothers joined in.
The banquet-room was prettily decorated,
eovcrs for 200, with room for more, being
laid.
BEFORE THE THEOSOPHISTS.
The President's Term Shortened From
Life to Three Years.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.— Dr.
D. J. Black -of Cincinnati, permanent
chairman, called to-day's meeting of Theo
sophists to order, and Claude Falls Wright,
chairman of the committee on revisions of
the by-laws, read the report of the com
mittee.
The report recommended the repeal of
the rule permitting the president of the
society to delegate his .powers which was
adopted during the last sickness of the
departed president, William Q. Judge, in
order that the continuity ol the society's
business might not be broken. Mr.
Wright explained that this rule was
adopted merely as a temporary expedient.
The committee recommended the adop
tion of a new rule making the term of
office for the president three years, thus
doing away with the life term heretofore
in force. There was a recommendation in
the committee's report that the following
rule be added: > * *
"No member of the Theosophical Society
of America shall promulgate or maintain
any doctrine as being advanced or advo
cated by the society," and that the rule
providing that the convention may fix the
term of the president, when it becomes
necessary to elect one, is eliminated.
The last-mentioned rule also was
adopted during the last illness of the de
parted president. The committee report
was adopted unanimously.
A large committee was appointed to
solicit subscriptions. The convention
then adjourned sine die.
Bun Doton by Coalcars.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 27.— the St.
Louis and New York passenger train on
the Panhandle was pulling out of the city
last night a train of five coalcars on the
Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton crashed
into it from a side track and struck a
sleeper in which there were ten persons.
C. 0. Grief of Cleveland was instantly
killed. Philip Netter, a New York mer
chant, had a leg broken.
Robbed by Masked Men.
TRINIDAD, Colo., April 27.— John
Aielle, manager, and Robert Mackey, as
sistant manager of the mining company's
store at Berwind, Colo., were held up yes
terday by four masked highwaymen and
robbed of $4000, which was to have been
used for paying off the miners.
Lumber and Mill Burned.
BUTTE, Mont., April 27.— The Lavell
lumber-yards and planing-mills were de
stroyed by fire to-day; loss, $50,000. The
tire is supposed to have been started by
tramps. 3;; 333/--.-:: -33* i.-.-\*: "-•■•'-.*■'.::
Approved by the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.-The
President has approved the act granting a
pension of $100 a month to Joseph A.
Cooper, late brigadier-general, United
States army; the act granting to railroad
companies in Indian Territory additional
power to secure depot grounds and the act
granting a pension to Martha .Brooks of
Nebraska to become laws without his
approval.
Equestrian Statue of Grant.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 27.— A
favorable report was made to the Senate
to-day on Quay's bill appropriating $300,
--000 for an equestrian statue of General
NEW TO-DAY.
It Brings Power.
When You Are Broken Down in Your Nerve Power It
Will Make You Strong in Mind and Body.
Dr. Sanden has issued a neat Wj_Ha-^__ V -or. /.*_/> "•/
pamphlet, in which he has re- //^V*****, Tkl&L\JfßA&fos3&^
.produced the letters of fifty /-^^S^^M^' ?-ttt
prominent citizens of San Fran- p^&^-^Sjl^^^K" ***^i__Bl
cisco and California who have H|^&j||^^llpiH--fcr . **Jg
been cured by his famous Elec- !fe{: ! |^_»Nri_^ fc j */^_i
trie Belt during the past few pUS^^^lv-. 4%s^
weeks. Among the people who I^^
testify are men who will not i^v^-^^^SSPT^ "*n§*>
permit their names to appear in !^^^^B^A\\i\}y'^ii I
this paper, but this pamphlet, /
with letters in full, can be had p_. Ms* a§_^_n>^ \ '
by any. one who will apply for ISIKR^CRfiT \lS®Bi__v^lb!
it at the office or by mail, free. * Slm^ V*** .
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
;Is absolutely warranted to be the most sensible, convenient
• electric appliance made for self-treatment. ■ With its even, con-
tinuous electric power going into the body all night while you '
sleep, it soaks your nerves and blood full of vitality. With this
i vitality in the body disease cannot exist, and a cure of every
j manner of complaint must follow. Send for the pamphlet or
I call and consult the Doctor.
••3 S-_WN_D__3.Cl_- ELiECTRIO 00.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OF7ZC3S AT—
."■'■ "LOB ANGELES, OA!* - . "3 *| »** "j -7i . PORTI AND, 08. .
MM -oath Broadway. I -85 WM-laftaa sure*
Grant in this city. Much interest has
been aroused in this matter and members
of Congress are being urged by G. A. 1-.
men and members of the Loyal .Legion to
put this bill through at this Session of
Congress. .
AKOTHEB LINCOLN STOBY.
It Contains a Streak of the Great Man's
Humor.
Mr. Lincoln was one of the rare talkers
who could always point a moral with an
adorning tale taken out of his own experi
ence. . Everybody has experience if he
only knows it. Most of us are so much in
the habit of taking in wisdom and fun
through the printed page or the story, as
another man tells it, that we lack the
capacity to see it for ourselves.
The story-teller is the man who finds his
own material. * An old Southern politician
was moralizing thus a few nights ago and
eulogizing the man the South used to dis
like. ,-. v-VVv.'iv,. -* ■*_;...;..;.
"When Lincoln first came to Washing
ton I went to see him, so prejudiced
against him beforehand that no man
with less genius could have overcome it.
I left that first interview his friend. No
man ever came nnder the charm of Lin
coln's personality without respecting him,
and, if allowed, loving him. . - - .-.
"One day, after we had become fairly
good friends, I told him of my early preju
dice.
" 'Mr. Lincoln,' I said, -I had heard every
mean thing on earth about you except
one. I never heard that you were too fond
of the pleasures of life.' Mr. Lincoln sat
for a moment stroking his long cheek
thoughtfully, and then he drawled out in
his peculiar Western voice:
" 'That reminds me of something that a
boy said to me when I was about 10 years
old.
" 'Once in a while my mother used to get
some sorghum and some ginger and mix
us up a batch of gingerbread. It wasn't
often, and it was our biggest treat.
** 'One day I smelled it and came into
the house to get my share while it was hot.
I found she had baked me three ginger
bread men. and I took them out under a
hickory tree to eat them.
" 'There was a family near us that was
a little poorer than we were, and their boy
came along as I sat down.
'• ' "Abe," he said, edging close, "gimme
a man."
"'I gave him one. He crammed it into
his mouth at two bites and looked at me
while I bit the legs from my first one.
" ' "Abe," he said, "gimme that
other 'un." 3£r>'.
J- 'I wanted it, but I gave it to him, and
as it folio wed the first one I said:
"' "You seem to like gingerbread
"'"Abe," he said, earnestly, "I don't
s'pose there's anybody on this earth likes
gingerbread as well as I do," and, drawing
a sigh that brought up crumbs, "I don't
s'pose there's anybody gets less of it." ' "
And the old politician said Mr. Lincoln
looked as though the subject was ended. —
Burlington Hawkeye. ; •*.
EIVALEY IN EX-GOVEBNOES.
Louisiana and Nebraska Have Entered
the Lists With Their Claims.
Several newspapers are pointing to the
number of ex-Governors of their respec
tive States as evidence of health-giving
climate. 3 >;3>3 3
So far the New Orleans Daily Item has
carried off the palm for Louisiana. The
Item shows that of the six men who nave
held the gubernatorial office in Louisiana
during the last twenty-eight years only
one is dead.
Wait until you hear from Nebraska, sa y
the Omaha World-Herald.
Of the nine men who have held the
gubernatorial office during the last twenty
eight years, only one is dead, and he was
the first Governor of Nebraska as a State.
We refer to David Butler. Every one of
the other eight Governors is yet a citizen
of Nebraska. All of which indicates that
men not only live. in Nebraska, but they
enjoy life and keep on living in Nebraska.
Nebraska's second Governor is secretary of
the State Fair Association, and is one of
the busiest and most active men on earth
to-day.
Nebraska's fourth Governor is in such
good health that he is being mentioned as
a possible United States Senator for the
term beginning three years hence. Ne
braska's fifth Gover is mentioned as a can
didate for Congress at the coming election
and its sixth Governor is engagedactively
in caring for the political interests of
William McKinley in this State.
J. Sterling Morton acted as Governor of
Nebraska Territory for nearly three
months in — thirty-five years ago— and
he is now the most talkative member of
the Cleveland Cabinet.
Nebraska's war Governor, Alvin Saun
ders**, is living to-day. He was Governor
of the Territory from 1861 and was reap
pointed in 1865, the signing of his commis
sion being one of the last acts of President
Lincoln's life. Governor Saunders is now
putting in his leisure moments going about
the country arousing interest in the pro
posed trans-Mississippi exposition, to be
held in Omaha in 1893.
Of the seventeen men who have repre
sented Nebraska in the lower House of
Congress five are dead. 3 .3
Of the ten men who have represented
Nebraska in the United States Senate two
are dead.
Pretty good climate in Nebraska.
The native snake -'charmers" of India
have a cruel habit of sewing up snakes'
lips with invisible silk thread, if any of
the victims starve to death.FIVE FAVORITES IN FRONT.
The Talent Were in Good Form
the Opening Day of the
Week's Sport.
ARTEMUS WAS A GOOD THING.
Joe Terry Took His Race in a Hard
Piggott's Riding Landed
Chartreuse First.
Favorites opened the week's racing
auspiciously at the Bay District yesterday,
capturing five of the seven events on the
card. The fine weather attracted an in
creased attendance and the crowd went
home with reimbursed bank-rolls. The
racing was characterized by two very close
finishes in which the odds on choices fared
well.
About the "softest" coin the talent ex
tracted from the coffers of the gracious
and obliging pencilers was on the hur
dle event. Artemus carrying 132 pounds
and piloted by W. Clancy was pounded off
the boards, finally cloeiim: at 9to 10. He
took the lead at the start and spreadeagled
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring meeting. Tenth day, Honday, April 27, 1896. Weather
fine. Track heavy.
"I ACf*. *"IB_T HACK— Six furlongs; Belling; three- year-olds and up; conditions; purse $300.
Horse, age, weight.
! St.
:% 'A Str.
13 14 14
sia2 1 2 h
2Xi 3 3 3 3
4Va ! 4Va 4 3
3h I fill - 610
6 20 6 15 6 2
7 17 i 7
1084 ff— el, 1 99, 1 :
1078 ißicardo, 5 11l 6
3072 Oregon Kclipse, a.lll 2
1063 VnaQue Amo, 3.. 95 6
(1067) Starling, 5 1091 3
1050 Marble Rock, 6...111 1 4
1030 Irish Chief, a Ill i 7
!::::::"
lh
It
3^
46
64
620
7
Pieeott
Boz'-nun
snider
C. Slaughter
W. Flynn
Hennessi*
Valeucia
4
4
2*
4
6
60
10
9-2
3
4
6
5
160
I ;
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Wi
f., by Ben Ali-Kzza. Time, 1:17
1 o££i SECOND RACE— One mile; inside course; three-year-olds and «pward; penalties; purse
S.\J\J\J m $350.
Horse, age, weight.
Vi
Betting.
Op. Cl.
(1036) Joe Terry, 3. 100 6
1065 Miss Ruth, 4 104 8
(1065) Charles A. 6 110 7
1059 San Luis Rev. 6..i:0 2
(1063) Tar and Tartar, 6.1131 1
(1074) Jack Richelieu, a.llB 6
1076 ("apt. Spencer. 6.1 10 8
861 Sleeping Child, 4.106 4
6 h
7 15
8
2h
I?
41
1 2
6%
1/-
-8
7 10
In
31
4 3
2 2
Sft
8
74
1 2
3 2
43
5 Va
66
8
72
1 h
'i 10
3 4
4 3
5 3
66
r /3
CL Slaughter.... l l-2
Snider 115
C. Sloan. 10
\v. Flynn 20
Rozeman 6
Shields 4
Castro 50
McClain |20
1-2
12
20
30
7
13-2
40
30
Good start. Won easily,
ne. I :4tSVa.
Winner, Barns <fe Waterhouse's eh. c^ by Flambeau-Imp. Teardrop.
rkQ'T THIRD RACE— Five furlongs;
: conditions; purse $300.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
%
Btr. Fin.
34 1% \
12 2 4
63 3 3
7Va 4 3
8 54
4 V x 6 4
6% 7 '2
2% 8 3
9 9
Betting.
Op. Cl.
1052 I Rev Alta, 4 131 1
869 |I»e Groat, 5 134|
1046 I Bordeaux, 6 1341
970 Vernon. 4, 131
106-4 Kapido, 4 135
10SH Bert, 6 134
10.19 Rotation, 4 131
821 Rosalie, b 132
1008 Ked Wing, 6 132
5
6
4
1
2
7
8
3
3
9
4 *
I?
7 4 .
6 V 3
5*
9
23
8%
I. Johnson
W. Hill
L. Uovd
KozHinan
Figgott
Swift
Mavnard
W. Clancy
Merriu
2
20
«
8
3-6
20
20
15
20
3-a
SO
10
12
6-5
60
25
16
50
starting-gate used.
1:05."<4.
Won cleverly.
Winner, Klkton stable's eh. g., by Alta- Fannie D. Time,
]AOQ FOIRTH RACE— One and aq
IUOO. conditions; allowances; purse
Index. J Horse, age, weight.
1055 'Artemus. 4 IS
1065 ! Malo Diablo, 4.. ..1!
1082 Ravine, 6 IS
1058 ' Vangedene. 5 IS
1065 Lochinvar. 5 IS
1082 W. L. Munson, a.l-i
1 074 IMy Sweetheart, 4. 1 3
St. Std. »4 % I % Str. Fin. Jockeys. l ßet
314 18 1201201 30 16 W. Clancy 8-6 ~
I 14h 2 6 2Vi 2 4 220 220 'Finn ! 3.
22 64 B^sy a '3*& '36 I Stewart 3
263 3^ »4 88 48 43 Mavnard 15
717 7 83 4 1 510 5 4 Rudolph 15
5 62 64 7 7 '6 620 Peters 3
i 6,3h 4% 4%'|6 7 7 Galindo 10
Betting.
Op. Cl.
tting.
a.
9-10
3
7
30
30
6
15
£tarti negate used. Won easily. Winner, A. Maddox's b. g., by Argyle-by imp. Sir Modred.
Time, 2:23.
rvQQ FIFTH BaCE— Four
purse 9 300.
iDdez. Horse, welghu
1051 'Sweet William. ..11l
1068 Tortoise 11l
1073 IValdoa 11l
778 ! Flam beau ette 108
687 UHißter Modred 108
1088 IFannieS 108
1051 Claudia T 108
995 Wieland. 11l
»4 Btr.
' 12 1 4
2 2. 2 5
4 ■■ 2 3 3
6V B *
33 43
7 10 7 10
8 8
62 6 3
Beu Inc.
Op. Cl.
3
a
6
1
6
7
8
4
11111!!!
1 3
2 6
3 4
4 1
5 1
6 2
73
8
jPlggott
|\V. Flynn
Hennessy
Snider
Bozeman
McClaln
C. Slaughter....'
! Davy
9 9-5
8 10
8 20
8 10
10 15
2 9-5
! 3 11-2
30 30
Starting-gate used. Won easily.
Winner, G. Baron's b. c, by Fltzjames-Olive.
Time, :50:ii.
1 OQft SIXTH BACK— Five furlongs; selling;
: conditions; purse $300
Horse, age, weight.
Betting.
»p. Cl.
iSeraphln, 4. 129 i
Garcia, a 134
lHal Fisher, a 137
Verdette, 4 134
Fleet, 6 134
JNellie G, a 135]
2
6
1
4
■
5
3 2
6 5
2 1
41
I*
In*
2 2
64
1 3
6
31
4h
2 2
56
1 4
6
1 3
2 1
83
4 2
64
6
Rowan
C. Sloan
Bozeman
Wllkins
Swift
,Boyd
6-5
6
! 10
4
4
10
1
6
9
4
8
20
I
f-tartlni-gatj- used. Won easily. Winner, J. Gonway's eh. m., by Emperor of Norfolk-St. Cecilia.
Time, l:osVi-
fkQl HEVtNTH
U«7l. $300.
selling;
; conditions; purse
Index.
' Korse, age, weight.
(1040) Chartreuse, 5
(P57) .Pelxotto, 3
1084 ■ Hermantta, 4
1077 INew Moon, 3
1
2
•
4
22
1 1
3%
2 3
1 Va
3 3
4
In
23
36
4
1 h
2 2
3 20
4
Ptgeott
C. Slaughter
Martin
McClaln
1-4
6
6
15
2-7
7
15-2
25
6tart ing-gate used,
a. Time, 1:16%.
on driving.
J. C. Humphrey's eh. m., by imp. Cheviot-Imp.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Bay District Track.
In races where the bones have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next neares t
_'stsrre are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; «, about.
Index. I
1039
1066
1069
1025
1044
1076
1063
1045
1066
765
1039
1078
1078
i Best I
ame. Lbs record, j
Veragua 107 :66 I
VirgieA 107 1:01%
Big Chief 107 I :O9Vs
DonGara no 1:07%
Montgomery 109
San Marcus 107 1 1:04""
Gov. Budd 107 1:15
George C 107 1:10
LaFlecha 105 norec
Imp. F.ndymion 107 :563^
Sheriff no norec.l
; Clara Johnson. 105 l:07i4 !
[Marigold C01t.... 110 no rec.
Name.
; Dlst.
I 5t
■ 6V 2 f
6 f " !
6f
sy a t !
.......
i
Lbs Tk.
106 F..
94 F.. I
94 F..
104; F..
i'di In.'.
i 98 F . . '
' «9- ft. :
• i
100 F..
I The Avenue stable.
xi. Ward
Niagara stable
W. Earn
Barns &Waterhouse
J. F. Grady
1 Woodlawn stable. . . 1
J. Garrity
IN. 8. Hall I
F. L. Harris
Wm. Dixcn
M. Johnson
, R. stipe
siuiax-jrarusana
Ip. True Briton-Big Bertha
Apache-Flora
Rathbone-Mlss Melbourne
Hanover-Blessing
St. 1 arlo-Mlstake
Fresno-Rosa G
Bramble-Lady Low
Flambeau-Flam
Enierprlse-Saplentla
Imp. Blackbird 11-Charlty
El Rio Rey- Valerie
Imp. Midlothian-Marigold
99 H.'.
D RACE— HaIf a mile; selling; two-year-olds.
I Best
Lbs record.
Lbs 1 Tk.
1
1073
1068
1081
(1068)
1051
577
Lena............ 105 = 518 /*. ** !98 H.. P. Farrar Apache-Rill
V'^ n | ••— ini 00 -,? 0 Vi ■•.. G.Wright.-. Herald-Elleena
Dolore •;•■••••— 105 :oO *I 67 Fa. Pueblo 5tab1e....... j Wlldidle-RosettP
Sh»ron"r«;""" ins ™ ™ * * • 110 : F » - Burns* Waterhonse Ip Martenhurst-OrangeLeaf
r»vhn«? " ' ' 107 \£ -IT" - •■•''■ L. McDonald .... Tyrant-Dalanshire Lass
Grayhorst 107 :S0 ,H 109 Fa. Xl Priinc-ro stable.. | I.Martenhurst-HelnScratch
THIRD RACK- One and a sixteenth miles; selling.
Index.;
I I Best I ■ i ; ■ — ; — ■ ■
Index.; - Name. ■ ! Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Ik. . Owner. Pedigree.
1078 Xavy Blue ..... i 100 1:471.4 1 m |9' H.. J. G. Koeera ~ rihp Wine-Bay n*ttv
(1033) Palomacita..... i 88 1:4(5^ 1m . j 100 P... Burn^WaM-rhouse Wing Bay Betty
1085 Marble Rock.. 101 l:15»/ 4 6f 104 F... Hennlpen stable i Imp. Kric-Rocket
10&3 Meadow Lark.. 100 1:10 tff 109 X... Klmwood stuck frni Sp." Brutus Nabette
1041 Uncle Giles 103 1:54 11/s m ; 104 *.. Nevada stable V EUUol?ev.Hett Hninnhrpr
(1079) Service 112 1:59 U/g m 104 Fa. S. C. Hildreth In^ Woodlands-Lad v's Mld
<793)-mtleCrlpple... 104 1:65% 1%.m 108 F.. ; Job Weber. .::.":; ll^Pir P^n^nce^Stnhue
Owner.
tOCRTH Rac;E— Six furlongs; puree.
Index. ;
1049
1043)
1083
1031
1029
1029
1036
: I Best. I I vv-l-'j 1 : " ~
Name. I Lbs i Record Dts. Lbs Tic. . Owner. Pedigree.
Model... 100 1:1454 6 f 100 F.. California stable...." Imp Sir Modred r,- n ,»
: M'Greg orll 95 1:134 Of 97 . Fa. Hums 4 WaierhoaM . . r™v"star- M ig'Si auSSat
'/"'« 109 I:l3V* 6f 118 F.. W. S. Hobart. Faleetto-Imn Clndertfi*
l'olaski 106 .7 ............ Owens Bros Captain Al Gold Cud
B«Ulco*O HI 1: 16 I6f 11? Fa. Pueblo 5tab1e....::. ... IVW-T ul n jju t vP "
Howard 106 1:28 JA' 7f 103 F.. iB. K. Dolan Tvraiu-iiav tt»
I Sir "'chard 109 i l:l4H:6f 108 F..| Livingston stable . Stmfrdorl Uhlan- Viet]
Name.
Lbs
B«st
Record
I
:frd or
3 J
H RACK— One and a quarter miles:
hurdle; riaudicnp.
1074
1082 :
(724)
1062
1056
1090
I Beat i i
Name. Lbs record. Dt«t.
Comrade 128 2:00 U^ m
! Tom Clarke 128 2:26% '■ 1 y 4 m
Montalvo 140 2:4Sy 4 1% m
Bcllrlnger 152 2:07 1% m
!^ r " D . d ( el - lao no rec. .7......
Hal fisher..... 'I'JO, |.
Name.
Lb.|
LbsTk.!
120 Fa.
133 F... :
149 F...1
O. F. Johnson '
! F. Farrar
[J. Cochran i
IF. Dickey !
iKloodmore stable...
F. F. Maley i
Owner.
JulienHazel Kirke
Pedigree.
Sid-May Bell*
Troubadour-Bosque Belle
Duke Norfolk-Klainc-
Buckwalton-Alice
SIXTH RACK— .Six furlongs; selling.
Lbs
I Best !
record. I Dlsu
Lbs:
Pedigree.
(1062) MarjorU- 109 l:08Vi *Va t
lOtiP I Senator Bland.. 110 1:2914 7 f
1077 iTonino 109 1:09% 5iA *
794 Grady 114 1:13 '•8?
1037 ] Rebellion 11 1:13 »A *6 »
1077 Jim Bozeman.. 109 ...
1069 Heartsease 10j 1:14*4 «"f ..*."*"
1078 JNtcNac. 105 1:07$ 8% *
92 Fa.
93 F...
86 F...
109 F...
108 F...
ioi F.'.'.
89 |F...
,F. Phillips |Iroquols-Tafantu!a
IW. D. Randall 'Ip. In verness-Wood Violet
B. CL Hildreth jj. H. Fenton-Lizzic B
i Owens Bros Three Cheers-Gold Cup
j Waicott stable iPeel-imp. Mutiny
Mrs. .Marker Major Ban-Beisie
J. C. Humphrey — Imp. Kyrle Daly-Kztract
I W. F. r.oedcr Take Notice- Picnic
his field, winning pulled up to a jog, with
Malo Diablo finishing in the place, four
lengths away. The field composed a very
ordinary lot of "platers," but the winner's
time for the mile and a quarter, 2:23, was
a most creditable performance, consider
ing the track, which was heavy.
The betting on the opening six-furlong
run was a decidedly open betting affair.
At posttime old Oregon Eclipse, with 3 to
1 about him, had a slight call over the bal
ance of the favorite ones. The result was
most surprising. Easel, at 10 to 1, who in
the majority of her races in the past loved
to run out in front for a while and then
back up, took the lead and maintained her
advantage to the end, passing the wire a
neck before the third choice, Kicardo. The
favorite was a close third. , '• 3
For the mile dash over the inside course
Joe Terry ruled a hot 1 to 2 choice through
out the betting, and succeeded in winning
only by the narrowest of margins. Tak
ing the lead, just before turning into the
stretch, it took Slaughter's greatest effort
to get him past the finishing-post a head
in front of the 20 tol chance, Miss Ruth,
ridden by Snider. Charles A was third.
The third event was a five-furlong scram
ble for "crabs" with lightweights up. De
Groat, a 25 to 1 shot, with Billy Hill in
the saddle, led until within forty yards of
the wire, when he was passed and beaten
out by the 8 to 5 second choice, Rey Alta.
The 6 to 5 choice, Rapido, was never dan
gerous.
The four-furlong dash for maiden two
year-olds developed a very promising
youngster in George Barron's bay colt.
Sweet William, a son of Fitzjames. Start
ing equal favorite with Fannie S, he
jumped out in the lead and won in typjcal
"city block" fashion, with Tortoise, a 10 to
1 shot, landing in the place. Show honors
went to the black colt, Va'.dos.
The chestnut mare Seraphin, carrying
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
J. Conway's colors, was well backed at
6 to 5 to win the following, a five-furlong
sprint under light welter-weight condi
tions, and cleverly piloted by young
Rowan won handily at the end by three
lengths. Fleet, who showed prominently
in the lead most of the distance, stopped
badly in the stretch. Second place was
taken by Garcia, who beat Hal Fisher out
three-parts of a length.
Bookmaker Humphrey's Chartreuse was
a prohibitive choice for the concluding
event of the day, a five-furlong spin, de
cided under selling conditions, and it was
due solely to Piggott's superior finishing
powers over Slaughter that she won. The
latter rider on Peixotto and the odds-on
favorite indulged in a battle royal from the
rise of the barrier, and opposite the pad
dock Chartreuse looked beaten. Pigcott,
however, reserved himself for a final ef
fort, and ten yards from the wire shot the
first choice's head past the outsider and
gained the verdict. Hermanito took third
place.
WILL NOT CLOSE IS MAY
A False Rumor Circulated Re-
garding the Closing of Ingle
side's Racing Season.
The New Club Will Continue Giving
Rich Purses for All Classes of
Racers — Turf Gossip.
Considerable consternation was caused
among horsemen at the track, many of
whom are clamoring for "get-away"
money, by the announcement made in one
of the dailies yesterday to the effect that
the coming two weeks' meeting at Ingle
side track would in all probability be the
last one of the present racing season. That
it was an idle rumor, without foundation,
was shown by its emphatic denial by A. B.
Spreckels, president of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club, who gave a prospectus of the
racing situation in the following words:
"Whoever inspired that information
did so without authority. For the last
time I will state that the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club will continue racing at its
track until and including the 10th day of
June. After the exodus of Eastern horses
is over there will be plenty of California
horses in the State to carry on first-class
racing; besides, I am most decidedly in
favor of giving the California horse-owner
a chance to win a few races.
"It would be very selfish indeed on the
part of the association to discontinue
racing simply because the attendance is
not as good or as many bookmakers on as
during the more prosperous part of the
meeting when tne Eastern contingent was
most in evidence. You can further state
that there will be no reducing of the
purses, but we will continue to the close
of the season to give high-class racing to
the public."
The above is indicative of the broad
principles exercised by the new Jockey
Club in all of its dealings with horsemen
in general throughout its inaugural meet
ing. Its unselfish methods and liberal
expenditures to benefit all classes of horse
owners cannot fail to meet with apprecia
tion, and as the representative of high
class and honest racing, not merely lor
pecuniary gain but for the ennoblement of
this grand sport as well, the new associa
tion stands pre-eminently at the head of
affairs in the West.
The entries and weights for the big
Spreckels handicap, over a distance of
four miles, to be decided at Ingleside
track on May 9, were issued yesterday.
The prize is the richest offered by the new
club,' the winning horse taking $5000. with
$500 to second, $300 to third and $200 to
the fourth horse. Following is the list of
entries with their assigned weights: Rey
el Santa Anita 128, Bright Phcebaa 118,
Rudolph 116, Vinctor 110, Prince Karl 110,
Claudius 108, Gilead 108, Cadmus 106, Pep
per 106, Caracus 106, Despot 106. Del Norte
105. Janus 103, Sir Reel 103, Uncle Jim 103,
Junius 102, Lordlike 101, My Luck 100,
imp. Crighton 100, Fred Gardner 100, G.
B. Morris 98, Captain Skedance 98, imp.
Candid 97, Ali Baba 95, Mollie R 94, Santa
Rosa 90. Doyle 90.
Ingleside Track will reopen on Thurs
day. As customary, it will also be ladies'
day. *3333 '7/'
• The brown mare Thelma is now a mem
ber of Naglee Burkes string.
The old warhorse Jack Richelieu has
again changed hands.. Yesterday Tom
Boyle purchased him of Sam Hilureth for
$400.
Johnny Weber drives Happy Day, who
is once more his property, around in a
cart. 333v3
Burns & Waterhouse have disposed of
the three-year-old filly Nic Nac, by Take
Notice-Picnic, to Mike Kelly. Considera
tion, $500.
The stewards of the California Jockey
Club have reinstated Mike Bergen. Mike
signed a pledge to abstain from the use of
intoxicating liquors for one year.
The stewards also gave Earl Cockran
permission to ride the horses of Edward
Corrigan and Louis Ezell during the com
ing Ingleside meeting, and also annoucned
that Jockey Toady's suspension would ex
pire on April 29.
Sweet William, who captured the two
year-old event so imposingly, is a half
brother to the good performer, Jim Lee.
PACIFIC KENNEL CLUB.
Dogs of Various Breeds and Pedigrees
That Have Been Entered.
Sportsmen are reminded that the entries
for the Pacific Kennel Club's bench show
will close at 11 o'clock this evening.
It seems that the owners of dogs have
an idea that by waiting until the last hour
their entries will show up all the better.
However, the entries received up to last
evening speak well for the success of the
show, as at the last exhibition given by
the club the number of doge entered on the
day previous to the day of closing was less
than now.
A letter from Los Angeles states that
from twenty-rive to thirty entries will be
received by the secretary to-day. There is
no doubt that at least 100 entries will ar
rive before the hour of closing.
The greyhounds are very poorly repre
sented, and this does not speak well for
San Francisco, which is a great city for
coursing enthusiasts. It is hoped for the
interest and good will of coursing in the
West that the greyhound fanciers will re
pair to the secretary's office to-day and
enter their charges.
Judge Mortimer is an excellent judge of
greyhounds, and it is hoped that he will
be afforded an opportunity of passing
judgment on a number of those handsome
dogs.
Mr. ' Kittle has entered some griffons,
which breed of dogs will be exhibited for
the first time in this country. They repre
sent the dog used in France by the sports
men of that, country-
The show gives every promise of being
a grand success. The following is the
entry-list of dogs received up to 10 o'clock
last evening:
Mastiffs 8, Great Danes 8, St. Bernards 21
Newfoundlands 3, greyhounds 1, deorhounds'
1, American foxhounds 8, bloodhounds 2
pointers 26, English setters 14, Gordon setters
3, Irish setters 14. griffons 4, Irish water
spaniels 2, retrievers _T, Chesapeakes '_, collies
10, bull terriers 5, cocker spaniels 17, fox ter
riers 10, black-and-tan terriers 2, Yorkshire
terriers 4, toy terriers 2, Japanese spaniels 1
pugs 8; total, 178. •
Methodist Outing.
The Sunday-schools of Grace, Howard, Trin
ity, Epwortb and Fifteenth-avenue Methodist
churches are to have an outiuz on Mayday at
Sunset Park, Santa Cruz Mountains. The ex
cursionists will leave the Jerries depot at 8 -15
a. m.. and returning leave Sunset Park at
4:30 p. M. , ■- -
Dropped Dead While at Work.
Jacob Leppold, a dairyman 73 years of age,
dropped dead while loading a milk wagon at
his farm near the Four-mile House last evening
at 7:30 o'clock. It is presumed that death re
sulted from natural causes. The body was re
moved to the Morgue. — ' -," •*
WARSZAWIAK IS COMING.
The Local Jewish Mission to
Hold . an Evangelistic
. Campaign.
" LITTJ-E MESSIANIC PROPHET "
Congregationalists Give Some Very
Hard Hits at the First
Church.
I \ '.* ; 3
The Presbyterian Ministerial Union was
waited on yesterday by a deputation from
Hermann Warszawlck, the Jewish Evangelist Who Is Expected Here Next Month.
the Jewish-Christian Mission on Mission
street^ asking for the appointment of a
committee to co-operate with the mission
in an evangelistic campaign, which is to
be opened in thts City toward the end of
May.
Robert Chester, the spokesman, who was
accompanied by Charles Katz, said: "We
ask the help of a committee to co-operate
with us, so that we may form a permanent
committee — a sort of home mission board
— to advance our work in christianizing
the Jews." Mr. Chester then read a letter
from the office of the Jewish-Christian
in New York, stating that Hermann
Warszawiak would be in San Francisco
in May.
"I do not know whether I pronounce his
name properly— it is Polish," said Mr.
Chester, "but Warszawk.k is one of our
most noted evangelists and for six years
he has held such successful meetings in
New York that lately- they have had to
turn hundreds away. His chief desire in
making the tour of the Pacific Coast is to
set forth the cause of the people of Israel,
and especially to speak' of the present ex
traordinary movement of the Jews toward
Christ and Christianity in this and other
lands. " 33333-
Having heard the objects of Hermann
Warszawiak's visit the Presbyterian Min
isterial Association appointed Rev. Cum
mins Smith, Rev. G. B. Stewart and El
der Russell a committee to* confer with
the authorities of the Jewish-Christian
Mission.
Hermann Warzawiak, who is editor of
the New York paper known as the Jewish-
Christian, has, his friends stale, a most
romantic and interesting history. He
was born and brought up in Poland, and it
was not till he had been for some time
married that Rev. Daniel Edward of
Breslau induced him to embrace Christi
anity. At his baptism he made an ad
dress which is said to have profoundly
stirred a number of his fellow- Jews who
were present, and his family disowned
him and he was driven from home.
Some years afterward Mrs. Warszawiak
followed her husband's lead in becoming
a Christian, and they both devoted them
selves to evangelistic work among their
own people in America. At present
Warszawiak is superintendent of the
American Mission to Jews, and he is one
of * the people interested in the proposed
erection of a great building in New York,
to be known as "Christ's Synagogue," the
plans for which are already drawn.
Warszawiak, who is often alluded to as
"The Little Messianic Prophet," is said to
be a very eloquent speaker.
The paper of the day at the Presbyterian
Ministerial Union yesterday was by Rev.
Dr. Ketchum of Berkeley on "Sabbath
keeping," the doctor deeply deploring the
fact that the Sabbath is not more ob
served in this State, and condemning the
employers who compel their employes to
work seven days a week. In the discus
sion the paper was declared to be timely
and able. ..--.• --i-"-
Committees were appointed to confer
with the Jewish-Christian Mission yester
day, both by the Methodists and the Con
gregational Monday Club, the former se
lecting Dre. Nelson, Case and Baker, and
the latter Dr. W. D.Williams, Rev. J.
Kimball and Rev. W. Tubb. .
Congregational Club,
Rev. John Kimball spoke to the Congre
gational Club yesterday on the subject of
"Congregationalism," and in the discus
sion there were a good many hard hits
dealt indirectly at the pastor of the First
Church. Mr. Kimball urged the need of
Congregationalists leading lives that
should be bright and shining examples,
as the best means of increasing the
strength of the denomination. "We must
show our right to live and thrive by living
Christian lives," he said. The speaker
also urged the need of an advanced sem
inary and of a Congregational House, as a
center for the coast.
In the discussion Rev Philip Coombe
uttered a mild protest against the way in
which speakers at the club had fallen into
the habit of berating ministers in general.
Rev. F. Flawith responded: "I do not see
why we ministers should not have to sub
mit to a clubbing if we deserve it. Min
isters should be. held accountable for their
deeds as other people are."
Rev. Dr. Cruzan regretted the tendency
of some of the churches, especially the
First Church, to stand "like a great eccle
siastical ;: sponge and; drink in everything
instead of giving out."
Deacon Strauss expressed himself very
strongly on the subject of ministers being
held responsible for their actions, be
fore civil and ecclesiastical courts, and
said that no shortcomings in ministers
should be condoned on sentimental
grounds.
\ Rev. Chaplain Rowell, in speaking of
the -decline of interest in the Congrega
tional Monday Club, said it was largely
due to the trouble in the First Church. **■
Among "Labor Unions.
Carpenters' and Joiners' Union No. 483 took
in twenty- new members last evening. jj On
May 1 the initiation fee will be raised to $10
in this and the other carpenters'' unions.
Union No/ 304 decided .to ; affiliate with the
Trades' and Labor Alliance and enter politics
in the cause of organized labor. ; The tug-of
war team of Union. No. 22 won . the tug at the
carpenters' picnic last Sunday in ten minutes.
Seven new members * were - taken into the
Barbers' Association of San- Francisco last
evening. It was decided that all shops must
close at 8 P. M. on- week days, . Saturday ex
cepted. :" A committee consisting of W. B. Cur
rier, I. Less and J. Hodges was appointed to
ask ministers of all denominations to preach
against Sunday shaving.-
The Fraternity ol Hotel and Restaurant Em
ployes last . evening | decided to organize all
female restaurant employes and waitresses
into a union; to be a branch of the fraternity.
It was decided to give an entertainment and
ball on June 1, at 115 Turk street. ... . -.'.,. • .
Preparing for the Battle.
The Brown and anti-Brown factions are con
centrating their forces * for the battle royal
which is scheduled for to-morrow night. Dea
con Morse, as the representative of the pastor,
declares that the majority of the church will
vote to sustain Dr. Brown. ." The opponents of
the reverend gentleman are equally certain
that they will muster a sufficiently large force
to make Brown's official decapitation certain.
So with these claims and counter claims the
case rests just where it did last week. There
has as yet been no meeting of the board of
trustees, nor will there be until Trustee Whit
tier returns.' • . :;'.-.
CYCLE RACES ENTRIES
Handicaps for the Events to Be
Run at Santa Rosa and
Oakland.
Crack Riders Are Entered in Both the
Professional and Amateur
Events.
R. A. Smyth, official handicapper in
California of the League of American
Wheelmen, has announced the handicaps
for the bicycle races to be run at the Santa
Rosa rose carnival Thursday of this week,
and at the Fabiola floral fete at Oakland
Trotting Park, Friday. There will be
races at Santa Rosa, also, on Friday, and
the ereat National circuit meet on Satur
day. The handicaps for the racing on
these two days Mr. Smyth will not give
out until he has witnessed the perform
ances of the men Thursday, and can form
an idea of their condition. Many of them
may be out of form and require greater
handicaps, while others wno have trained
carefully may have to be put back some
what. : :.'.*<7.
The handicaps for Santa Rosa Thursday
are as follows: . 33*33. i'i-K'Vr.
One mile, handicap, professional— F. Fos
ter, O. C. W., scratch; J. E. Edwards, O. C. W.,
10 yards; Oscar Osen, O. Cy., 25; W. A. Ter
rill. B. C. W.. 35; 11. F. Terrill. B. C. W., -50;
F. F. Byrne, I. C. C, 60; B. H. Barnes, H. W.,
200. 7- :•;*■*
One mile, handicap, amateur: First heat— H.
F. Terrill. B. C. W., scratch; N. Ackerman, P.
W.. 10 yards; i*. R. Griffiths, Reliance, 35; C.
Armstrong and J. C. Near, S. R. W., 45; L. H.
Stewart, S. R. W., 50; A. H. Agnew. Acme, 55;
W. D. Jacks, I. C. C- 100; J. A. Code, O. C. W.,
150; R. Belden, unattached, 200. r.
Second heat— M. Smith, G. C. C, scratch;
M. Simmons, S. R. W., 30; B. C. Ravnaud, B.
C. W., 35; C. Stewart, H. Noonan and G. Felix,
S. R. VV., 45 A. M. Boyden, R. A. C, 45 F. C.
Hansen, C. C. C, 55; P. A. Deacon. R. A. C,
60; J. Plunkett, unattached, 125; A. Bertolani,
unattached, 200. . .;.
Third heat— CushiDg, G. C. C, scratch: J.
C. Williamson, S. R. W., 10 yards; F. L. Day,
B. C. W., 35; E. Deventhal, H. W., 40; CD.
Gooch, R. A. C.,45; William Godman, S. R.
W„ 45; G. P. Fuller, O. C. W., and' B. Noonan,
S. R. 50; E. R. Allen, 55; A. V. Stark, H.
W., 150.
First two in each heat, and third In fastest
heat, to ride in final.
The handicaps for the races at the
Fabiola fete, Friday, are as follows:
Two mile, handicap, professional: First
heat— C. R. Coulter, O. C. W., and E. A. Kiser,
scratch; F. A. McFarland, S. J. R. C, 40 yards;
F. E. Scbeiski, 60; C. P.obbins, 90; J. F. Staye r,
100; Allan N. Jones, O. C. W., and R. L. Long,
B. C. W., 100; R.E.Dow, G. C. C, 120; (XL.
Pickard, Acme, 200. . : *: .-
Second heat— W. J. Edwards, G.C. C. scratch;
William Randall, 40 yards; J. E. Edwards.
O. C. W.,60; W. J. Evans, 60; William Hat
ton, B. C. W., 85; J. M. Campbell, G. C. C., 90;
Eli Winsett, 100; C. L. Davis, G. C. C, 100;
F. M. Byrne. I.C. C, 120; Bert Parker, 125;
L. W. Raymond, 150. First three iv each heat
and fourth in faster heat to qualify tor final.
One-mile handicap, amateur: First heat-
William Yeoman, R. A. C, scratch; H. W.
Squires, Acme, 35 yards; A. M. Boyden, R. A.
C.,45; J. R. Kenna, Acme, 60; A. B. Bowen,
D. C. C, 70; M. M. Cook, Imperial, 75; C. R.
Griffiths, R. A. C", 86; P. Young, Acme, 90;
E. L. Blair, Acme, 95; T. F. Smith, D. C. C.
100; P. H. Rosenheim, R. A. C, 125; O. Kurtz,
O. Y. M. C. A., 130; C. T. Orra. unattached.
135.
Second heat— W. Tantau, O. C. W., scratch ;
T. L. Alborelle, I. C. C, 45 yards; P.M. Le
fevre, Acme,* 45; V. J. Galindo, Acme, 65; G.
A. Hansen, O. C. W.,70; R. Robinson, S. F. R.
C, 80; G. Westphal, Acme, 90; W. W. Bobson.
R. A. C, 95; E. Saunders, unattached. 100; E.
H. Barbeau, Acme, 100; J. S. Brearton, R. A.
C, 120; L. E. Pels, S. P. R. C, 130.
Third beat— M. Hamlin, S. F. R. C, 85
yards; P. R. Mott, R. A. C. 40; A. A. Agnew,
Acme, 55; H. S.Leavitt, S. F. R. C, 65; A. S.
McDougall, Acme, 75; H. W. French, E. O. C,
75; E. C. Barley, 1..C.C.. 90; J.A.Clymer,
Acme, 90; O. W. Lomax, 100 ; C. T. Kraman, C.
A. C., 100; P. A. Deacon, R. A. C, 110; B. H.
Eltord, R. A. C, 125 J. J. Bbrree, 1. C. C, 130.
Fourth heat— C. D. Bates Jr., R. A. C.*, 30
yards; G. H. Crafts, Acme, 45; E. A. Bozlo, I.
C. C, 65; C. H. Staples, Acme, and T. A.
Schleuter, Acme, 70; C. Goodwin, S. F. R. C,
75; J. R. Tallmau, Acme, 90; F. Simen, Acme.
100; J. H. Colgrove, unattached,3loo; R. B.
Bain, R. A. C, 100; C. D. Gooch, R. A. C, 120;
C. J. Smith, Acme, 130; W. R. Childs, R. A. C,
135. ■ ■ . , *.*•: *■ > ■:;.' - -
First three in each - heat to qualify for the
final. 3 ...
Two-mile handicap, amateur: First heat—
G.W.Tantau, O. C.W., scratch; C. D. Bates
Jr.; R. A. C, 60 yards; H. W. Squires,* Acme,
70; G. H. Crafts, Acme, 90; H. S. Leavitt, S. F.
R. C, 125; A. S. McDougall, Acme, 140; C. R.-
Griffiths, R. A. C, 160; F. Simen, Acme, 190;
B. H. Eliord, R. A. C, 200; J. J. Borree, I. C. C,
220. .
- Second William Yeoman, R. A. C,
scratch; T. L. Alborelle, I. C. C, 75 yards; A.
M. Boyden, ; R. A. C. 80; P. M. Lefevre, Acme,
90; C. Goodwin, S. F. R. C, 140; F. B. Wilken?,
R. A C .', 160; E. C. Barley, I. C. C, 175; C. D.
Gooch Jr., R. A. C," 200; Guy Frost, S. F. R. C.,
200. ', ■'•''■■
Third heat— _■'. M. Hamlin, S. F. R. C, 50
yards ; P. R. Mott, >R. A. C, 80 ; A. H. Agnew,
Acme, 100; C.J. Walker,* unattached, 130; T.
A. Scnleuter, Acme, 130; M. if. Cook, I. C. C.?
140; E. Curtis, R. A. C, 170; H. A. Friedlan
der, S. F. R. C, 180: R. J. Gilbert, unattached,
190; P. A. Deacon,* R. A. C, 200. :
: First three in each heat and fourth in fastest
heat to qualify for final. .*,*- 7;v ; ; *
MISS ANTHONY NETTLED.
Denies at the Women's Press
Club That Women Degrade
the Press.
AN INTERESTING CONVENTION.
Miss Anthony and Mrs. Cooper Pay
High Tributes to the San Fran
cisco Press.
The monthly social meeting of the Pa
cific Coast Women's Press Association,
held at Golden Gate Hall yesterday after
noon, was enlivened by the presence of
Miss Susan B. Anthony, Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper and others interested in the ad
vancement of women. 3*3 '
As Miss Anthony was unavoidably late
in arriving, an article from* her pen, en
titled "An Argument for Woman Suf
frage," was read by Mrs. Henry Krebs.
"The strongest objection made to female
suffrage," said the essayist, "is, that the
home is the foundation of the Nation, and
the father is the head of the home; there
fore, the father should have the sole right
of representing the family. Now, I think
if that man had grown-up sons de would
have a deal of trouble in making them be
lieve he should represent them. *'
"In a political crisis he would very likely
be glad to have them assist in electing
their favorite candidate. I know families
myself in which the mother and daugh
ters are far better qualified to vote rightly
than the father and sons.
"Then they say that the pool of politics
is too filthy for women to dabble in. This
is a tacit confession that, after a century's
exclusive control of the franchise, they
still are wading round in slime. Will the
men promise us that in another century
the political pool will be a Ponce de Leon's
spring of life? What we women want is a
chance' to help purify the body politic."
A pleasing recitation by Miss Alice Per
kins was heartily applauded and the young
lady was recalled for another selection.
A story by Mrs. Hannah Neall recounted
the adventures of a young married couple
in endeavoring to rear their first-born
and teach him how to shoot. It was in
terrupted by the arrival of Miss Anthony.
Everybody crowded around to congratulate
her and it was some time before Mrs.
Neall was able to proceed.
After a poem, "The Orchard," by Miss
Harriet N. Skid more, Miss Anthony was
called upon for a speech and for the course
of an hour kept her audience laughing with
her witty and sarcastic words.
The most of her time was devoted to
answering a charge, recently made by one
of the Californian weeklies, that women
writers had tended to degrade the press.
She was vigorous in her denunciation, and
asked that some member of the association
take it upon herself to answer the charge.
Miss Anthony, during the course of her
speech, took occasion to pay a high tribute
to the dailies of this City. She believed
they had treated the women fairly and
equitably.
"Of course,'' she added, "they have not
come out with great heads aha leading
editorials, but they have given us consider
able space, and truthfully reported our
meetings."
She did not, think, however, that women
would ever have an equal chance to pre
sent their side in controversies until women
become stockholders in the newspapers.
"I don't want to be understood as ar
raigning the men in this matter," she
said, "but it is human nature for the con
trolling element to run things to suit
itself. Do you suppose that if we women
had a paper of our own we would let the
men put anything in it we didn't like?
Not if Iwe know ourselves — and I wish it
understood that we do."
In conclusion, she said she wanted the
great political parties in their conventions
soon to be held at Sacramento to adopt
amendment No. 11 and quit talking. Miss
Anthony said the women themselves had
been talking for fifty years and now they
proposed to act.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper made some an
nouncements concerning the third an
nual meeting of the Woman's Congress of
the Pacific Coast, to be held in Native
Sons' Hall from May 4to May 11. Mrs.
Cooper said that one of the leading men
of Stanford University, speaking of the
programme prepared "for that occasion,
had admitted that men couldn't improve
it. She then took up Miss Anthony's re
marks on the San Francisco press and
added another eulogy of the daily papers
of this City.
The session was brought to a conclusion
by jS Miss Stella Ames of Oakland, who
recited a selection from ope of Ella
Wheeler Wilcox's poems, and in response
to an encore gave a humorous selection.
REPAVE MARKET STREET.
The War Cry of the Bicyclists
Painted on Defiant Ban
ners.
■_
■_■•»' ':';3 :-'..- .
The San Francisco Cycle Board of
Trade Resolves to Continue the
Agitation.
The board of directors of the Cycl6
Board of Trade held a 'meeting last night
in W. V. Bryan's cyclerv, at 314 Post
street, for the purpose of receiving the re
ports of committees and of taking action
on other matters, the subject of lighting
Golden Gate Park and repaying Market
street being the most prominent. 33. ,
Mr. Wheeler reported that he had had a
talk with Irving M. Scott on the subject
of the park and that Mr. Scott had in
formed him that the funds were too low
to permit of anything being done at pres
ent... He suggested that, the Board of
Trade should apply for the creation in the
next tax levy of a special fund for the
purpose of properly lighting the park with
electricity. It would require something
more than $12,000. Mr. Scott promised
that he would do all he could to help
along the protect, but said nothing could
be done until after the tax levy in Oc
tober. ....".
S. M. How and A. Siever were admitted
to membership. _ ■■.•,'. . V ■.-■■- '.'. :
Mr. Bryan showed electrotype cuts of
the bicyclists' motto, "Repave Market
street," and explained that twenty-five
had been ordered for the use of the mem
bers to insert in their advertisements by
way of calling the attention of the public
to the necessity for the improvement of
that* high way. On his suggestion it was
decided to increase the number to 100. -
Several bundles of cards bearing the
same legend were on exhibition. They
,will be placed on bicycles, trucks and drays
for the sam« purpose.
The committee on prevention of theft
reported recommending that the owners
of* stolen bicycies report the names, num
bers and description of their machines to
the Cycle Board of Trade in order that the
board might be able to notify the Police
Department, the police authorities having
expressed their willingness to search for
and recover the stolen property.
; -On motion of : Mr. Bryan, the secretary
.was directed to furnish each member with
a copy of the proceedings ; of the board of
directors on the day following their meet
ings. 3 ...33,3 33'
John Mohrig was appointed a commit
tee of one to wait upon the advertisers of
bicycles and request them to devote one
square of their advertising space to the
words, "Repave Market street."
Chairman Henney of the committee on
political action reported that the Super
visors had promised to give the board a
patient hearing, and he suggested that
when the committee : should visit the
Board of Supervisors they should be
accompanied by a large crowd of wheel
men. -
A communication was received from
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan offering his
assistance to the board in its efforts at
securing good roads.
A letter similar in tenor was received
from the Southside Improvement Club;
also one from the secretary of the high
way improvement committee of the League
of American Wheelmen congratulating
them upon the successful formation of the
Board of Trade, and extending to it the
sympathy of the league. ;
Thomas H. B. Varney reported that the
civil engineer of the Merchants' Associa
tion had suggested a mass-meeting of
wheelmen on the subject of road improve
ment, to be illustrated with views of good
and bad roads by the Camera Club. He
thought that the matter could be got
under way in June. '".:'. -'.
Messrs. Varney, Bernavs and Johnson
were appointed "a special committee to
arrange for the mass-meeting.
The board then adjourned, to meet
with the association on Thursday, May
7, at 7:30 p. m., at Varney 's cyclery, on
Market street. " • -v.
No man is exactly what his bride hopes
he is.
7:mp7 I ' %
WILLIAM DEVENY,
31 North Fourth Street, Portland, Or.
PORTLAND (OR.), FEBRUARY 15.—
1 -***-. The word genial'must have been dis-
covered after men had traveled much, seen
the world, looked over the various frailties
of humankind and touched the philoso-
pher's stone. . Take William Deveny as an
example. I spent fully two hours with
this genial gentleman and scarce knew the
time had flown so swiftly. He told me of
his travels, his hardships, the bright, the
dark side, and then he interested me most
when he spoke about California. "By the
way," said he, "California is just now com-
ing in for a great deal of praise, and I
must confess I am heartily glad to be able
to praise California also. You see, the
great Californian remedy, Joy's. Vegetable
Sarsaparilla, has been introduced in Port-
land lately and many of our best families
are now using it. I used Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla myself. I found it pleasing to
the taste and effective yes, very effective.
I was not in a dying condition, of course
not, but I felt mean, all run down; or, to
use the proper word, I felt jaded. After
using one bottle of Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla I felt so much better that I ordered
another bottle, and the result is entirely
satisfactory. Ladies and gentlemen are
now using Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla,
and all that I know praise it. It is a great
remedy. It works like a charm and does
not gripe. It cleanses the blood and yet
brings out no pimples. Certainly Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla is a very agreeable
family remedy."
After leaving Mr. Deveny I talked with
several well-known ladies, and they all
agreed Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla was a
fine remedy. As I have before remarked,
one does not meet . the substitute here.
There are no mean people here who wish
to offer something just as good for the
home remedy— Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla. HENRY TILLMAN.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand Safeties For Sale at mar-
velously low prices for spot
cash.
. Also Sundries very cheap.
Specially low prices to Coun-
try Agents and others taking
quantities.*
Come and see them or write
for particulars.
WM. NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister .street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Adams & Westlake's
cheapest metal bed is as
good as their best — not so
pretty.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. COLE & Co.)
117 Geary Street.
Wilt's Mian* YeplaKe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, aud
purify the blood. .* . ■
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure themselves .
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to th*
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price #1 •
bottle.
56
ife^4X^s_S-S£^__^ rt _
CHARLES M. SnORTRIDOE,
3 -•'-- Editor and Proprietor. .- 3 '-"
KE -. '
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cam- one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Calx, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
Daily and Sunday Cali, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Daily and Sunday Cai.*l, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Weu.lv Call, one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you pomp to the country on a vacation T If
10, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let it miss you for you will
Diss it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
' .33 710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street
telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
intil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 "Ninth street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 82, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Acenu
TUESDAY APRIL 28, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The funding bill rush may wait another
week before it starts.
The Altgeld crank turned Carlisle not
only upside down, but inside out.
Europe's preparations for Mayday are
more fitted for a fracas than a frolic.
There is less than one more year of
Grover in sight, but that is too much.
California should play a leading role at
St. Louis and play it with a free hand.
Even the treasury officials now concede
that Carlisle's revenue estimates were
vain things. _
The Spanish troops do not dare go far
enough from the walls of Havana to hold
an April picnic
The Matabeles have about as good rifles
as the British, but the Maxim gun gets
away with them.
It is pleasing to learn that the star of
free Cuba is rising, but the sunrise is what
she is waiting for.
Every prediction bureau in the country
is made of boom timber and is liable to
warp before June.
Unless California keeps her inter
ests in sight herself she can hardly expect
other States to see them.
Santa Rosa is not a very . big town for a
festival, but she knows how to spread her
self and will do it this week.
It becomes more evident every day that
uninstructed delegations at St. Louis will
hold the balance of power and name the
winner.
After all France may not be much worse
off than the United States, for a Cabinet
crisis is sometimes better than a Cabinet
hoodoo.
• In the funding bill as reported it is the
expected that has happened. It is full of
iniquities and means an eternal cinch
for California. '
Carlisle, Hoke Smith and Cleveland's
other goldbug converts find it about as
hard to dodge their records as to evade
financial facts.
Even if the lawyers of murderer Holmes
should succeed in proving him to be insane
he ought still to be hanged for the method
of nis madness.
As long as the Democratic party has any
great power we shall never be safe from a
repetition of the political blunders of the
last three years.
There Is no need for a long minority re
port on the Pacific roads' debts. A sim
ple demand for foreclosure would be suffi
cient for the job.
Now that the weather returns are com
ing in from tbe East we see that what we
called a storm in our State was only a
prolonged shower.
We have yet to hear of a single Demo
cratic candidate for the Presidency being
put forward by a State that went Demo
cratic at the last election.
What France needs is a piece of Gov
ernmental furniture that will show up as
an Executive Cabinet in one form and a
Senatorial bureau in another.
The spirit that is going to revive trade
and prosperity in this country is now get
ting the people ready for a sweeping Re
publican victory to start with. 33/
Berlin proposes to open an industrial
exposition on May 1, but all the same the
biggest racket she has on that day may be
a labor parade and a high strike.
In tbe great work of naming the next
President at the National Convention
every uninstructed delegate will be worth
two who are bound by cast-iron pledges.
It would be better for Congress to pass
the appropriation bills and adjourn in
June than to monkey with the, funding
bill and stay in Washington all summer.
As long as General Weyler can maintain
himself in Havana he can console the
Spaniards with the thought they are doing
something more than holding their own.
When the restoration of the protective
system has reopened the factories there
•will be a better market for American farm
produce and prosperity will return to all.
The Kansas cyclone which, in wrecking
a house, took two women out of it, carried
them 200 yards and dropped them unhurt
in a pile of straw, was altogether too polite
to be called a savage storm.
Russell accepts the indorsement of the
Massachusetts Democracy as a good
enough compliment, but he l wishes the
country to know he hasn't taken it seri
ously, and doesn't feel flattered.
The arguments for an uninstructed dele
gation at St. Louis should be iterated and
reiterated by the Republican press through
out tho State. - California cannot afford to
let slip the opportunity she now has of ad
vancing her own interests and those of the
whole .Pacific Coast.
A DELIBERATING CONVENTION.
From the State conventions of the
party already held enough is now known
of the tone of Republican sentiment
throughout the country to make it j fairly
certain the National Convention at St.
Louis will be a deliberative body in the
truest sense of the word. The selection of
the party candidate for the Presidency
will not be made with a hurrah under the
influence of an unreasoning sentiment. The
whole situation will be studied as carefully
as it was by that famous convention which
for the highest reasons turned away from
the favorite Seward to give the nomina
tion to the comparatively unknown Lin
coin.
It is undoubtedly best that this should
be so. An overwhelming, far-reaching,
absolutely conclusive victory for protec
tion, reciprocity, internal improvements
and the whole economic system with
which the Republican party is identified
can be gained this year and the party of
American prosperity be restored to power
for a generation to come, if wise counsels
prevail. There must be no blunders, bow
ever. This is not to be as some sanguine
Republicans suppose a "yellow dog" year.
There are always complications in politics
which must be studied before they can be
solved, and with a desperate Democracy
and an ambitious Populism to confront it
in every State and fight it at every polling
place, the Republican party can afford to
take no chances with the great opportun
ity before it.
The estimates made by such experienced
and practical politicians at Washington as
Aldrich and Grosvenor as to the probable
strength of the various candidates in the
St. Louis convention differ so widely as to
show that no great reliance can be placed
upon either of them. The only fact that
seems to be clear and beyond dispute is
that the uninstructed delegations will hold
the balance of power and exercise the
privilege of naming the winner. It is
these delegations that will hold the van
tage ground in the contest, and if they be
made up of or led by strong, brainy, saga
cious men it will be theirs to virtually
shape the course of the party for four years
to come.
Every interest of California argues the
importance to her of placinsr her delega
tion among .note who will go unin
structed and have weight and prestige in
the great deliberations of the party. Cali
fornia Republicans will give a loyal and
tireless support during the campaign to
whoever is nominated. Allison, Cullom,
McKinley, Morton or Reed will be greeted
with an equal enthusiasm as the leader of
the party. What California has to ask of
the convention is not a man but a policy
conducive to the advancement of the great
interests peculiar to the Pacific Coast.
This is the work her delegation must at
tend to. and it should be left free in order
that the work may be done well. A strong
delegation, a loyal delegation, a free dele
gation—this is what California should
send to St. Louis.
THE TRENCH CRISIS.
France is approaching another serious
political crisis, and the Government may
be severely strained before harmony is re
stored between the Senate and the Cham
ber of Deputies, but the life of the Repub
lic itself is not threatened. The people are
thoroughly in earnest in devotion to their
republican system of government, and
there is no doubt whatever that they will
be equal to any emergency that may arise.
It is evident that the German press is be
ing inspired to magnify the difference be
tween the two legislative bodies, for already
it is given out that the uncertainty is so
great in France that the German Reich
stag will be urged to give the Emperor
more money for war purposes so as to be
fully prepared to repel a French invasion.
The inconsistency of this is in the absurd
ity of the suggestion that the more wide
spread and serious the internal trouble of
France, the greater the danger that she
will declare war against Germany. , 777
It is very evident that President Faure
is woefully lacking in force of character to
successfully meet conditions such as now
confront him. For a month past he has
acted in an undecided and hesitating man
ner, and he has permitted the dignity of
his high office to be assaulted without
evincing any purpose whatever to rally
public sentiment to his side and thus show
that he relied upon the strong arm of the
people and their loyalty to republican in
stitutions. It is very clear that he has
been playing fast and loose with his own
Cabinet for a week past, and that very
much of the present trouble comes from
his dilly-dallying, first with the Senate
and then with the Chamber of Deputies.
It is true that the head of the Ministry,
Bourgeois, is more of a designing poli
tician than a patriotic statesman, but, for
ail that, the President should not have
betrayed him into the hands of his ene
mies.
There is reason to believe that there is
good foundation for the rumor that Faure
will resign before the week is out. If he
shall do that, no doubt a serious crisis
will be averted, but unless bis successor is
a man of great strength of character he,
too, will be crushed in- the struggle be
tween the upper and lower houses for the
mastery. The upper house or Senate,
with which Faure is just now training, is
disposed to be conservative, while the
Bourgeois following are ultra radical
with plenty of war talk as a stimulant for
the rabble that it may be relied upon to
do their bidding. But the French Re
public will survive it all.
HELPING THE PARMER.
An intelligent correspondent writes a
long letter to The Call, which it is regret
ted there is not space to publish in full.
He takes issue with an assertion in this
paper that a protective tariff would bene
fit the farmers, and asks: "How are we
going to give this protection with high
tariff and reciprocity? Can we increase
the value of a farmer's products by increas
ing the cost of his supplies?" The propo
sitions here suggested involve elementary
principles whico hardly need either argu
ments or facts to prove their value.
Free trade causes large importations of
articles produced by labor with which
American workmen cannot compete. As
a result, factories are closed and the flow
of money for the purchase of farm products
is lessened. There being less money,
greater poverty and a decreased demand
for such products, the prices for them de
cline. Added to this directly acting prin
ciple is the indirect evil arising from send
ing large sums of , money out of the coun
try for the purchase of foreign articles. *'*••.
A truly scientific tariff contains two es
sential principles. The first is that a tariff
should be imposed on articles produced or
manufactured in other countries as well as
this, and that it should be so adjusted as
to more than cover the difference in the
cost of production or manufacture between
this country arid other countries. That is
simple protection. The second principle is
such a combination of free trade and pro
tection as will induce reciprocal trade be
tween this country and other countries.
It can be carried out by treaties providing
that all articles produced or manufactured
in one country and not in the other shall
be admitted free of duty, and that compe- ■
THE SAN 3TKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
tition in articles produced or manufactured
in both shall* be praventea by a mutual
protective tariff, where there is a differ
ence in the cost of production or manufac
ture. This is reciprocity.
However, much agriculture in this coun
try has suffered from the financial policy
of the Democratic party, that cause cannot
be accepted as an explanation of all the
burdens now borne by agriculture until the
self-evident fact that free traae must pro
duce the same result has been explained
away. That will be impossible. If
under free trade our exports of
farm products were increased sufficiently
to offset the increase of imported manu
factured articles the case would not be so
bad, but that offset has not happened and
cannot happen, and there is no reason
why it should. Even that would be bad,
because our factories would have to close,
the enormous capital invested in them
would be lost and their operatives would
be forced to become farmers and thus glut
the world's markets and force down the
prices of farm products. As a matter of
fact our exports of farm products under
the Gorman bill have decreased enor
mously. The simple reason is that free
trade brings the farmer as well as the
manufacturer into both direct and indi
rect competition with foreign free labor.
Our barley exports have fallen from
5,219,405 bushels in 1894 under the McKin
ley law to 1,563,754 bushels under the Gor
man tariff, while the importations of for
eign barley were 791,061 bushels \in 1894
and 2,116,816 in 1895. This is merely a
sample. ' '
ALTGELD'S LETTER.
Those portions of Governor Altgeld's
letter to Secretary Carl which contrast
the present financial views of the Secre
tary with those he held when a member of
Congress are not of much interest to the
American people. They affect only the
personal record of the Secretary, and just
at present, although he has been fre
quently named as the administration can
didate for the Presidency, the personality
of John G. Carlisle is of no especial im
portance in the minds of any great por
tion of the intelligent people of this
country.
Those portions of the ■ letter, however,
which deal with the actions of Carlisle as
.Secretary of the Treasury are not only of
interest, but of importance. Whether he
changed his financial views for good rea
sons or bad matters little. How he has
acted in office matters much. It is on
these points the strength ot the charges
against him lie, and while Governor Alt
geld is not a statesman in whom any par
ticular amount of public confidence is re
posed, his statement of facts has as much
weight as it would have coming from any
one else. It is the facts, and not Altgeld,
that hurt, and if Carlisle or his friends
can refute them the refutation should be
made at once.
Among the charges made by Altgeld
there is nothing new, but he has stated
them with a directness that demands the
attention of the administration. He says,
for example: "A year ago Mr. Cleveland
sent for his former law partner and close
friend, and through him Mr. Cleveland
and Mr. Carlisle together made a secret
contract with another friend, who was a
former client of Cleveland, by which that
friend and his associate speculators were
enabled to make nine or ten millions out
of the Government in a few weeks on a
small bond transaction." This is the deal
for which an investigation has been pro
posed in the Senate. Mr. Cleveland's
friends are opposing the motion by every
means in their power. The people would
like to know why; and, therefore, they
take some interest in Altgeld's letter. Per
haps Carlisle will reply. .3
GOLD-MINING PROSPECTS.
While the unique agriculture of Cali
fornia is attracting so much attention and
justly offers so strong inducements to in
dividual settlers and persons of moderate
means, the fact that should not be over
looked that for persons of large means and
for organized capital the gold mines of
California offer an entirely different set of
inducements.including the reasonably sure
prospect of much larger returns than can
be secured anywhere else in the world on
heavy investments of any kind.
There has come to hand a new and very
interesting evidence of skill and taste in
making these facts known to the world.
It is in the form of an artistic little pam-
phlet advertising shares in a valuable mine
on the great "mother lode" in Amador
County. The shares are offered at 50 cents
each, and the proceeds are desired to ex
tend the development of the mine. It
can easily be seen how such schemes as
this should be fostered, it being assumed
that they are honest. In view of the unfor
tunately ugly record of mining operations
in the early days— of bogus enterprises, of
rascally assessments levied for the pur
pose of depressing the market value of
shares and freezing out weak or timid
holders, and of other forms of crooked
ness—it will be a hard task to induce the
general public to make such investments
now. And yet the days of rascality in
these forms have passed, and for that
matter the mines thus offering shares
might find some means of inspiring confi
dence. •
Such plans as this not only offer a means
for the development of valuable mines
without the aid of wealthy persons, but
are an opportunity for the profitable in
vestment of small savings and tend to
promote economy and thrift. There are
too few ways in California for such a use
of small savings. The gold mines present
the greatest opportunity before the people.
It would be far better to invest small
sums in mining shares than in tickets for
swindling lottery concerns that take so
much money out of the State every year.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
A cousin of the German Emperor, Countess
Fritz Hohenau, has startled Brussels by intro
ducing this winter the custom of women rid
ing astride when a hunt is in progress. She
has organized a class of aristocratic young
women who pledge themselves to adopt this
style.' ••-_-•• -
Dr. Charles A. Howe of Buchanan, Mich., has
an oil painting which he asserts is a work of
Raphael. It was presented to General Lewis
Cass when he was Minister to France by Louis
Philippe, and was by him turned over to a
grandfather of Dr. Howe. The painting j has
been in the Howe family for sixty years.
Gladstone has written a letter to the author
of the biography of Cardinal Manning, com
mending his work. One of the Cardinal's ref-
erences to Gladstone quoted in the work is as
follows : "Gladstone is a substantive, and
likes to-be attended by adjectives. And lam
not exactly an adjective." - 3- -
Madeline Brohan, retired societaire of the
Comedie Francais, famous for her wit in the
time of the second empire, ] lives . in an apart
ment filled with- paintings and objects of art,
the windows of which open on the j Garden of
the Tuilleries.3; She receives her friends every
Sunday evening, and is as witty as ever.
Sandow has a riyai in an Austrian. Arch
duchess Maria Theresa practices daily with
dumbbells and can lift a man with one hand.
Recently a heavy iron column fell on a man
and she lifted it high enough to enable him to
be withdrawn. 3ln spite of her strength she Is
a delicate looking woman. She is 34 and the
mother of five children.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
C. K. Dam, one of the large grain-growers of
Wheatland, the center of an enormous amount
of wheat, barley and other products, a large
quantity of -which is sent abroad, is at the Russ.
Mr. Dam has long been engaged in grain
growing near Wheatland. He has 3000 acres
and the big ranch 3 keeps him busy. He was
asked yesterday about the condition oi the
grain in that productive region.
"The wheat crop is satisfactory to the grow
ers," he said, "It looks well all over the coun
try. There has been rain enough, and as I
have remarked, the condition is , satisfactory.
As to oats, there are only a few raised there.
Barley, of which we raise a great deal, is com
ing along fairly. That is about the way it
stands relative to the cereals.
"They have just commenced the erection of
a creamery at Wheatland. It is by a joint
C. K. Dam, the Conspicuous Wheatland Grain-Grower, Who Is at the Russ.
[Sketched, from life by a "Call" artist.]
movement of the farmers, each one subscribing
for so much stock. We think it is going to do
well and be of much value there.
"It will have the capacity of handling the
milk of 500 cows. No cheese will be made.it
being devoted entirely to butter.
"There is a lot of land around Wheatland
that we think can be profitably utilized as
pasture ground for cattle and indirectly turned
to the support of the creamery industry. It is
creek and river bottom land. "-.-'«.
"I think that before long there will be. a vast
increase of milch cows in that section and that
we shall need other creameries, and will make
large quantities of cheese as well as butter."
Mr. Dam came down to attend the oratorical
contest between Berkeley and Stanford stu
dents whichtook place at Metropolitan Tem
ple, and in which his son appeared as one of
the Berkeley orators. He will go home in a
day or two. - • ■
THE ANNUAL ACTIVITY.
Brush away the cobweb straying
Lightly through the balmy air;
Let the carpets all he swaying
On the line and thumped with care.
Witn a towel for a turban.
Tip the ladder see her climb;
for in homes remote and urban
It is now housecleaning time.
In this hour of renovation
• Miss Columbia should not pause
O'er the musty legislation.
Walling to be turned to laws.
Often have her thrift and bustle
Been tbe wonder of each clime.
Good Columbia, prvthce hustle;
it Is now housecleaning time.
—Washington Star.
SINGLE TAX IN DELAWARE.
HENRY GEORGE THREATENED WITH ARREST FOR
LECTURING ON SUNDAY IN WILMINGTON.
The single-tax campaign that is being car
ried on in Delaware is becoming so sensational
that it has attracted the attention of all the
big journals of the Eastern States; and the
fervor of the agitators engaged in the work
has aroused the admiration of veteran poli
ticians in the old parties.
Richard Croker, so well known as a leader of
Tammany, after reading a review of the per
sistent efforts of the single-taxers in Delaware,
remarked that with his knowledge of political
organization, and with such an enthusiastic
following as Henry George is able to command,
he would be able to do wonders. He believed
that with such an energetic and tireless an
army in New York State, he could even control
the result of the next Presidential election.
The recent arrest of single-tax speakers in
Delaware is following up the plans of poli
ticians who object to the destruction of party
fealty that is said to have resulted from the
onslaughts of tbe invaders. The single-taxers
assert that no man has been actually wrested
from his party. The Democrat is still a Demo
crat, but is pledged to vote for no man unless
he will support the single-tax plank. The Re
publican takes a similar view of the prospec
tive candidates in his party., The single
taxers have promised not to run a separate
ticket unless they are forced to do so in self
defense. They say that if the old parties are
disrupted in Delaware it will not be their
fault; that all they ask is to nave all legisla
tive nominees pledged to enact single-tax
laws. If that is done the party lines will be
allowed to stand exactlylis Heretofore. If the
men in control of party machinery refuse,
then independent nominations for members of
the Legislature will be made.
The recent arrests of single-tax speakers at
Middletown, Delaware, that have been so bit
terly denounced by Congressman James G.
Maguire of California, were not unexpected.
Certain residents of Middletown have shown
bitter opposition .to the propaganda from the
beginning, and for a time some of the newspa
pers were induced to refuse the advertisements
announcing the public meeting of the single
taxers in Middletown and Wilmington.
> Even Henry George was threatened with ar
rest if he dared to lecture on the single tax in
Wilmington on a Sunday and the solicitor
gave a written opinion that such a lecture
would be unlawful and ought to be prohibited.
Mr. George, who is himself a devout Christian,
responded that the proposed- meeting was to
be composed of law-abiding, God-fearing citi
zens who intended to gather for the purpose of
discussing in an orderly manner a question
that they deemed of importance to the State
and the Nation.-, He and his associates believed
in the old saying that defiance of tyranny was
obedience to God, and he said he thought that
an attempt to interfere with such an assemblage
would be an invasion of the rights of Ameri
can citizens and that he, for one, would , resist
such usurpation of authority to the last ex
tremity. The story of what happened is told
by William M. Cailingham in a letter to the
St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Mr. Cailingham
writes:* :-*';-;.;.■. .-■-v.,-:-.-.;-- /
-Sunday evening came. Mr. George arrived and
was in fighting mood. I At 7 o'clock, when the doors
of the Grand Opera-house : were thrown; open, a
great stream of people began pouring in. In fif
teen minutes every.one of the 1600 seats was
taken, and by 7:30 2500 people were packed in the
edifice, crowding the stage and fining the aisles,
passageways and staircases. It was a splendid au
dience. Everybody was curious and expectant.
The Chief of Police and several officers stood near
tbe stage.'-/: »r:*-- •-,;:;•', ■;-.-;. ..;.,;■'* - ...* --*.
■ Mr. George arrived and was received with cheer
lnz. - The meeting opened with the singing of the
"Battle Hymn of the Republic," and it was • sung
with thrilling effect. A. H. Stephenson gave a
brief statement of the campaign side of the con
flict with the Police Board. Then Chairman Sei
dell introduced Mr. George. In so doing he said he
knew of no man more fitting for the proposed ar
rest for asserting the freedom of speech tnan the
distinguished speaker of the evening. He said
further that "the arrest of Mr. George would not
stop the meeting, as there were "enough speakers
present to keep the police busy until 10 o'clock."
At this bold announcement the audience broke out
in great applause .
Mr. George arose and was again received with
great cheering and applause, several times re
peated. Speaking briefly of the progress and
stages through which all reforms pass before adop
tion, he suddenly stopped, and in a voice firm with
determination, said: "I now go to the prohibited
subject. I desire to learn if there is one State
in the American Union where a man, de
cently and in order, cannot express his views on
taxation on Sunday as well as on Monday night, "
or any other night." At this utterance another
wave of applause swept over the vast assemblage.
All eyes were centered on the Chief of Police, but
that dignitary never moved. The victory was
won.
Mr. George spoke for over an hour and was un-
disturbed. So the single-taxers. for themselves
and all who come after them, won a great victory
i*Q Delaware.
Though the authorities of Wilmington were
averse to engaging in a personal contest with
Mr. George, it is evident that the officials at
Middietown are willing to try conclusions with
some of the less prominent leaders- of the re
form. The campaign, in Delaware is being
watched by single-taxers and politicians all
over the world, and the outcome of the strug
gle is awaited with intense interest. K. B. B.
A STYLISH CAPE.
A cape of some description is an absolute
necessity, for a jacket sleeve, no matter how
generous, will ruin the large sleeves of a waist
in two wearings.
The cape shown here is cut in circular shape
and can easily be made by the novice at dress
making. The top cape may be left off for hand
some materials such as satin, and the trim
mings may be put on to simulate two cares
On capes of satin a ruche at the neck of chiffon
or net all around the edge, with a double ruche
at the neck for a finish makes an exceedingly
stylish wrap. y-777
The ambitious home dressmaker may make
as handsome a wrap as can be desired "by sew
ing spangles all over a cape of black satin and
using a ruche of chiffon or a boa of bright flow
ers at the ne.ck.
A handsome cape of black satin had a
straight piece of black chiffon, accordion
pleated both in back and front, that hung
straight from the neck, leaving the satin un
covered over the shoulders, where huge bows
of black satin ribbon found an appropriate
trimming. The chiffon was finished off on the
edges with tiny ruflies of real Valenciennes
lace. * <
Capes of cloth in plain colors are very stylisH
and at the same time serviceable. Tan is a fa
vorite color for general wear and is set | off by
a collar of brown velvet.
Capes of red cloth are appropriate for sea
shore or mountain and are finished by a black
velvet collar. These capes of cloth are not
often lined, the cloth being left with raw
edges. 3.
When the cape is to be lined cut the lining
exactly like the outside and baste face to face
and stitch all around the edge and the gar
ment is made with the exception of the collar.
PLEDGES AT ST. LOUIS.
Columbus (Ouio) Evening Press.
In reply to the* inquiry. "Shall California
send to the St. Louis Convention a pledged or
an unpledged delegation?" the San Francisco
Call, the leading Republican newspaper of the
Pacific Coast, suggests a number of potent rea
sons in behalf of unpledged representation in
that body. Many of the propositions submitted
in favor of independence in the convention re
late to interests mainly local to California, but
others stand upon more general ground. Ac
cording to The Call a delegation pledged to
one candidate would be necessarily opposed to
all other candidates, and this attitude toward
the Republican leaders our San Francisco con
temporary is unwilling to Indorse. /
It would seem, however t that a broader view
of the crisis now approaching in the Republi
can party would suggest to those States which
have not yet named their delegations the de
sirability, on general principles, of sending
unpledged' representatives to St. Louis. It is
now fairly well assured that the Republican
nominee, whoever he may be, will not secure
the nomination without resort to more votes
than he will jbe able to obtain on the first
ballot. This being true, the : unpledged dele
gations will practically control the balance of
power j and exercise an influence upon the re
sult, which will be culminating, and therefore
all-powerful, when at last set in motion. Be
fore the balloting begins, however, there will
be "a very enterprising and persistent mis
sionary spirit . abroad at St j Louis, which will
have for its main object the conversion of the
unpledged delegates to various standards. If
any binding political bargains are made they
will have reference to the unpledged in the
convention. * * .
Opportunities for various unpledged States
to advance local interests in respect to candi
dates, the platform, future legislation, ap
pointments and ail the myriad details of polit
ical preferment will, therefore, await the dele
gates of such States at St. Louis in far greater
number than those which will be given the
pledged delegations. The latter will in large
measure be at the mercy, of the former. It
will be the old story of the freelance overcom
ing in single combat the hosts he would be
utterly unable to vanquish by meeting them
in numbers. The leaven of the uninstructed
delegates will ultimately leaven the whole
lump, while the promoters of it will inciden
tally extract what comfort and advantage they
can from the process. 77. 7"
Upon these general grounds, without regard
to local considerations, our California contem
porary would be quite safe in advocating an
uninstructed delegation from that State, if
local considerations add weight to this policy,
30 much the better for California or for any
other State which sends independent repre
sentatives to the St. Louis convention.
ALL FOR FREEDOM. -
Voices of the Fre-s Favor an Un
pledged Delegation at St. Louis.
California Interests.
Santa Barbara Press.
California should send men to St, Louis who
will look out for California interests. Cali
fornia has been in the Union long enough to
entitle her to recognition. .
The Only Politic Course.
Stockton Graphic.
Delegates to the National Convention from
California will, we hope, go unpledged this
year. It is the only politic course to follow,
and one that, if followed, will redound to the
best Interests of the respective political parties
sending such delegates. There are numerous
sound and weighty reasons why manacled dele
gates will work harm to our State, but suffice
to say that any other course will jeopardize
many important plans now making for the best
interests of California and California politics.
Let unpledged delegates be the watchword.
Should Be Unshac
Tulare Register.
The Times Index believes that the proper
course to pursue is for the Republicans of Cali
fornia in Congressional and State conventions
to express their choice for Pesidential candi
dates in unmistakable terms, elect delegates
in full sympathy with their preferences, but
leave them otherwise free to act.
This is about the right idea. The will of the
people should be expressed, and if the major
ity of Republicans want McKinley, why he is
the man that should be the first choice of the
California delegates, but we do not want any
"first, last and all the time" business about it.
Men on the ground ought not to be so shackled
with instructions as to be helpless, if the man
of our choice has to bo sacrificed for the good
of the party.
No Pledge.
Stockton Graphic.
What do pledged delegates to a National
Convention mean? No more nor less than so
many bumps on a log, 60 far as being able to
do anything in that convention j except to
whoop and howl and vote first, last and all the
time for perhaps a dead cock in the pit from
start to finish. A pledged delegate is of all
men the most miserable unless the man he is
tied to is a winner. Don't send delegates to a
National Convention and ask them to drag a
corpse around with them which you tied to
their heels before they started. If you want
our delegates to get in some good licks for Cali
fornia don't tie their hands behind them.
There has never been a better opportunity for
this State than the present, so do not kick the
fat in the fire by handicapping delegates with
a foolish pledge. _ ,
Measures Before Men.
Santa Cruz Dally Sentinel.
The San Francisco Call prints, with its ap
proval and support, a communication from
General Chipman, in which that gentleman
urges that the California delegation to the
National Republican Convention at St. Louis
should not be pledged to any of the candidates
that come before that body. The two promi
nent reasons given for this view are that by
going to the convention unpledged the Cali
fornia delegation will be in a position to de
mand higher favors at the hands of the party
after election than would be the case if they go
bound by pledges, and that they will be able
to do more toward obtaining the right kind of
recognition for free silver in the platform. We
think these reasons are sound, and that they
may be re-enforced. by others of even greater
cogency in support. of the position taken by
General Chipman and The Call.
"Measures before men" is a sound maxim in
party polities. Platforms should not be built
with reference to candidates, but candidates
should be selected with reference to platforms.
Platforms should not be built around a candi
date to support'him, but should be constructed
to support National policies. The candidate
should always be subordinate to the policies
of the party as formulated ln the platform.
To first select the candidate and then shape
the platform and campaign to suit his indi
vidual sentiments is to reverse the maxim of
measures before men and to narrow the fight
from a contest for principle to a strife which
iis sure to degenerate into one for the
elevation of a person. Unless a candi
date is the acknowledged exponent of
all the main policies which the party
will or should contend for in the. campaign,
every pledge for ...his support ' made
before the adoption .of the platform is
a claim to hamper the freedom and
power -of the party. Protection of- Ameri
can industries, a liberal policy of public im
provements and National defense and the free
. coinage of silver are the main policies Which
will or should be espoused by the Republican
party and embodied in the platform to be
formulated at St. Louis. No pledges should be
given to candidates which might embarrass
the party in framing such a platform. No
prominent candidate before the party now
stands as the exponent of those poli
cies, but there are plenty of Republican
statesmen who can stand upon such a plat-
form and, as President, worthily enforce those
policies. If the party, as represented at St.
Louis, is wise it will close its eyes and ears to
the personal blandishments of popular candi
dates until it has formulated the policies upon
which it will, go before the American people
and appeal for their . support at the approach
ing election. *
The Democratic party stuck Grover Cleve
land up in its last National Convention and
then built its platform and policies around
him. And . the - Democratic party has ever
since been sorry for what it then did, for by
that action it committed .itself to free trade
and gold monometallism. Such an awful ex
ample enforces what we have above said, and
ought to deter the Republican party from the
commission of a blunder similar to that com
mitted at the last Democratic convention.
Measures Bather Than Men.
San Diego Union.
Republicans who are attaching special im
portance to the nomination of one candidate
or another would perhaps save themselves
from disappointment if they were to mingle a
little philosophy with their politics. In the
first place, if there ever was a time when prin
ciples and not individuals were of paramount
importance such are the conditions .to-day.
Politicians may have their preferences among
the ' men from whom the party's . standard
bearer will be selected next June/ The average
citizen whose interest . in politics usually does
not lead him to do more than deposit his bal
lot may also have his favorite among the
possible candidates. Still, the most ardent
champion of this or that "favorite son" will
doubtless concede that with a Republican ad
ministration assured, the return of the coun
try to prosperity is certain, and this consum
mation depends comparatively little upon
what particular aspirant carries off the prize
at St. Louis. This is the view which the aver
age voter takes, and it is the proper one.
There have been times in the country's his
tory, it is true, when the man was almost as
important as the measure. When Mr. Lincoln
was renominated in 1864, it was certainly
the belief in the North— one for which
there was strong ground— that he alone
was the man to be at the head* of
the Government at that critical period. There
was the same sentiment regarding General
Grant when he was nominated in 1868 and it
prevailed, though perhaps to a less- extent
TJSSB. l ™ e great captain was renominated in
187.!. There may, too, be significance in the
•fact that all three of these nominations were
made on the first ballot. It will probably be
conceded, however, that since the war and the
stormy reconstruction period that followed
measures rather than men have been of nara
mount importance, and this is the situation to
3./ 8 „ the coming convention at St. Louis,
the gentlemen who are so zealously booming
2Sf.W \ d « te ° r another might find it profit
able to briefly review the political history ot
t £ 18 c , oun i r y. Pay^g ; especial attention to the
chapter that treats of -dark horses." Prior to
1844, when James K. Polk was nominated by
the Democratic convention, the "dark horse"
was almost unknown. - He has been quite nu
?h c » r t° hi' however ' during the half a century
wlnn^thl 1106 pas ' and he has a trick of
winning the race when some other contestant
Gen£S?r d «° fcfT 8 a walkover. For example,
h«rrfu- _ I&Tbe 2.U* the convention of 1880 was
hpln 1 L a^ OSS i L _ until ma i*y ballots had
twtn t£h c v,Vk H £ ,*? ad on two Votes on the
twent> -eighth ballot and the same number
S?i,i e w thirtieth. ; Yet he carried off the
C_2_* k_L yes > , too, may Properly be said to
a i^*-f ee " "iv, "dark horse" in 1876. He was
S,k&s m - n th *- list during three ballots in
which Blame was '' far in the lead. Harrison
?*2S * v as -,!iS2* Uy a Possibility when the conven
tion of 1888 was called to order. John Sher
man . as , the leader, and the Indiana man who
X tSi« e AI received the nomination was only
in the fifth place on first ballot,
ihese are only a few instances, but they suf.
fire to show the uncertainty of nominations
gofngVo favorite candidates. Apolitical
chronicler has expressed his opinion in these
word" "The history ot neatly all Rational
and Smte conventions is a history of the con
test of factions, intrigue and combinations. '
Assuming that this sSmewhat cynical view is
4rre m t ■ if- is certainly fortunate that the nom
inltioiiß made in most conventions are of far
ess importance than the principles of which
the nominees are only the exponents.
Of course it is only natural that many voters
should have Presidential preferences, and
should even wax enthusiastic over favorite
candidates. But at the same time there are
thousands of Republican voters all over the
land who are 'none the less inflexibly loyal to
the party's principles, even though tbey fail to
see any necessity for booming one candidate
and decrying others, and who are not misled
by the claptrap of politicians who would
create the impression, that the future welfare
of the country depends upon any one man
This is the Union's position to-day, and it is
happy to note that many other Republican
journals take the same view.
PERSONAL.
A. G. Case, a banker of lowa, is at the Grand.
John T. Devine of Washington, D. C, is here.
Robert Graham of Los Angeles has arrived
here.
James 'Brockman of Silver City is at the
Palace.
B. F. Walton of Yuba County is among re
cent arrivals. iv . 3.3
Dr. M. L. Charles of Suisun was among last
night's arrivals. .
Dr. L. Rice of San Jose is among the arri
vals at the Russ.
Mayor S. H. Friendly of Eugene, Or., Is in the
City on a short stay.
F. E. Taylor, a prominent man of Brooklyn,
N. V., is at the Palace. ' 3 3,33
C. F. Burns, the hotel man of Cazadero, ar
rived here yesterday. *'"*.• 3,
Joseph Merchant, a business man of Walla
Walla, has reached here.
Henry Hamilton of Bavicora, Mex., is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan.
Mrs. T. O'Brien, a hotel proprietor of As
toria, is at the Cosmopolitan.
John Markley, secretary of the State Board
of Examiners, is at the Lick.
Charles Hadsell, the well-known mining
man of Sonora, is in the City.
Colonel E. B. Babbitt of the United States
army, Benicia, is at the Occidental.
Among the arrivals at the Grand last night
was the Rev. Samuel Hirst of Vallejo.
H. H. Richmon of the Placer Argus, with his
family, is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
M. Wines, the stage-owner, and mall con
tractor, of Santa Barbara, is at the Grand. * .'3
J. C. Powers, a banker of Rochester, N. Y. 'is
at the California, accompanied by his family.
G. V. Northey, a mine-owner of Sulphur
Creek, came down last week. He is at the
Lick. 777'
Raleigh Barcar, the attorney, of Vacaville,
editor and owner of the Vacaville Reporter,
was in the City yesterday.
Ex-Mayor R. P. Rithet of Victoria, B. C, who
has been there many years and occupied many
offices of honor and trust, is in town.
J. R. Burns, manufacturing engineer and
patentee, of Hammond Manufacturing Com
pany, Portland, Or., is at the Cosmopolitan.
R. T. Bailey, a mining man of Carlisle, N.
Mex., who is interested in developing a big
combination of properties there, is at the Russ.
A party of gentlemen consisting ol E. F.
Runyan, Thomas R. Lombard, R. W. Eames
and G. E. M. Pratt, all of Chicago, arrived here
last night and are at the Palace.
F. W. Bradley, general manager of the rich
Bunker Hill and Sullivan mine, Cceur d'Alene,
Idaho, is in the City. The mine is at the town
of Wardner, named for James F. Wardner, the
widely known mining man, who is now here.
Mr. Wardner was once owner of the mine,
Mr. Bradley owns the rich Spanish gold mine
in Calavaras County. He will probably stay
two weeks or more.
Joseph Chilbnrg of Olympla, and one of the
argonauts of Washington in the very early
times, is in the City. The Chilburgs, of whom
there are several brothers , one each at Olym
pia, Tacoma and Seattle, are widely known in
business circles. The one at Seattle, who is
interested in coffee enterprises in Guatemala,
narrowly escaped being lost in the disastrous
Colima steamship wreck a year ago.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.— At the Park
Avenue, H. Black; Holland, Dr. F. G. Carney,
W. R. Fuller; Hoffman, Mrs. A. Currie; Impe
rial, J. C. Her ; St. Denis, Miss R. M. Kline; St.
James, A. Rosenberg; Murray Hill, Mrs. W. E.
Osborne; Grand Union, L. A. Schmitz; Plaza,
J. H. O'Neill. Sailed per steamship Trave for
Southampton and Bremen Marion Y.
Bunner, Miss Mary Cotterill, Mr. and Mrs. J. G.
Cohn, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred R. Fritsche, Alfred
R. Fritsche Jr., Miss Helen Horst, Miss Adele
Helms, Mrs. * Henry Hucnken and child, Mrs.
S. Half pap Frank Hoffman, E. Hoffman,
Henry Heitmuller, Mrs. M. H. Morgan, Mrs.
W. E. Osborne, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Pennoyer,
Richard E. Pennoyer, A. Sheldon Pennoyer,
Paul G. Pennoyer, Mr. and Mrs. John Stelling,
Miss Mary Stelling, Miss J. Stelling, Johannes
Schmitt and Miss May V. Townsend.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Junta— M. W., City. Junta is Spanish -for
congress or an assembly.
Tanning— B. McC, Grizzly Flat, Cal. The
bark of the alder is used for tanning and is
also used for dyeing and for staining fisher
men's nets. y7.-.: ;-*;•
Single Scull Record— A. 8., City. The record
for one-mile single sculls is held by Ellis Ward,
who rowed that distance on the Savannah
River April 1, 1872, in 5:01.
Greek-Letter Societies— College, City. At
the close of the year 1895 there were twenty,
eight Greek-letter societies in the United
States, with a membership of 100,000, 650 ac
tive and 350 inactive chapters.
Polltax— Subscriber, City. If two or three
Judges had decided that neither native nor
naturalized citizens of the United States need
pay polltax, it Is not likely that the officers
who are authorized to collect such tax would
continue to do so.
The Mint— J. R., City. The lot on which the
Mint stands is usually designated as the north
west corner of Fifth and Mission streets. Ac
cording to the compass it is the west corner,
as Mission street runs northeast and southwest
and Fifth runs southeast and northwest.
The Napa Asylum— Daily Call. City.
Dr. A. M. Gardener is the resident physician at
the Napa State Asylum for the Insane. An ap
plication for a position in the asylum should
be addressed to "The Board of Directors." If
the applicant has letters cf recommendation
such applicant can forward them with the ap
plication, and if the applicant has the oppor
tunity to converse with any of the appointing
power there is nothing out of the way in do
ing so. . -. .' -* : ■ . ■ -■■Ai _•; ■: .-.■;•; *.'..
A Nice present for Eastern friends—Town
send's Cal. glace fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market st. •
This week, genuine eyeglasses, 15c. 81% 4th.
Sundays 9 to 1, 738 Market (Kast's Shoe Store)*
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Mrs. America Louisa Joslin of South Green
field, Mo., was admitted to the Dade County
(Mo.) bar last week, after passing a highly
creditable examination. . She is 35 years old. .
To impart strength, purify the blood and to give
a feeling of health and vigor throughout the sys
tem, there Is nothing equal to Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Take only Hood's this spring.
•: . -> . .
Important Change of Time.— The 12th Inst,
the Northern Pacific Railroad Inaugurated adoubla
dally passenger service between Portland and St.
Paul, making a saving of ten hours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were run out of the Pa
cific Northwest. The superior accommodations la
our passenger equipment recommend our line to
all. Ours Is the only line that runs dining-cars out
of Portland. T. X. STATELER, general agent,
638 Market street San Francisco. ' •
Nothing contributes more towards sound di
gestion than the use of Dr. Siegert's Angostura
Bitters, the celebrated appetizer.
Fob COUGHS, Asthma and Throat Disorders
"Brown's Bronchial Troches" are an effectual rem
edy. Sold only in boxes.
Loss of hair, which often mars the prettiest face,
prevented by Parkeb's Haib Balsam.
Pabkeb's Gisqeb Toxic alleviates suffering.TUESDAY....... ....APRIL 28, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Th_at_r.-«'A Parisian Romance."
California Theater— "The Politician."
Columbia Theater— Rivarde.
Morosco's Opera-House— -Lady Lil."
'- ivoi.i Opera-house.— -Blu« Beard."
Orphkum— High-Class Vaudeville.
("rover's Alca7ar.— -My Son-ln-Law."
The auditorium— of Jones and Eddy
streets-Prof. D. M. Brlstoll's Eques-Curriculum.
l ??^i S ?°^~ A^ Palace Ho'el (Maple -nd Mar-
ble Halls). Thursday. April 30.
Macdonough Theater (Oakland)— Peter F.
I)Hiley in "The Night Clerk*' to-uUht. Rivarde,
the great Spanish violinist. Wednesday evening.
Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art.— Spring
Mhibulon of Paintings.
tro Coney Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Ualght street, one
block east of the Park.
Bay District Track— Races today.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ei, Cam t-o— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By i 'has. Levy A Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o clock.
By J. C. Mi-ther— This day (Tuesday). Furni-
ture, at 521 Kearny si., at 11 o'clock.
By Geo. F. La mson— Wednesday, April "9, Fur-
lure, at 404 Hai-ht street, 1 1 o'clock.
By Frank l?n iki.o— Wednesday, April
29, furniture, a: 703 Sutter st.
By E. S. s*pkar & Co.— Wednesday, April 29,
Groceries, etc., at 31 am! S3 Sutter street, at 10
o'clock. .--:.
By V. F. Si.AWKi.i Thursday, April 30, Furni-
ture, etc., at NE. corner of Bryant and Second
streets, at Bo 'dock. 3*.*3 '
By lip A- Co.— Thursday, April 30. Horses,
at salesyard, corner Van Ness avenue and Market
St., at 11 A. M.
By Wm. Bi-tterfield— Saturday, May _, Real
Estate, at San Mateo, M 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Congregational Monday Club discussed
"Congregationalism" yesterday.
Juagc Scawell has decided that a deposit is
not always an offset to a debt due a bank.
A Chinese woman is among the most devoted
workers in the Salvation Army corps in
Chinatown.
The next Legislature will be asked to pass a
bill similar to the New York law regulating
the operation of bakeries.
The San Francisco Cycle Board of Trade de
cided last night to continue the agitation in
favor of repaying Market street.
Harry Knox, prominent in the great strike,
denies all knowledge of the robbery of a safe
jr. the Sacramento railroad office.
C. W. King has refused to pay alimony to his
wife Freda King, and has accordingly been or
dered under arrest by Judge Troutt.
The estate of Julia Morrison has been ap
praised at $116,84738. The greater portion
of the estate consists of real property.
The present racing season will not close at
el' Bide Track until June 10, notwithstand
ing a rumor published to the contrary.
A new defense is advanced ln the latest dam
ace suit. The parents of James A. Frichette
say ha was invited to jump on a moving car.
S. M. Shortridge has been appointed guar
dian ad litem of William Toland for the pur
pose of contesting the will of Mary B. Toland.
The estate of S. A. Alexander has been ap
praised at **()5,000. His half interest in the
farm of Hoffman & Alexander is valued at
$47,000.
The winning horses at the Bay District yes
terday were: Easel, Joe Terry, Rey Alta,
Artemus. Sweet William, Seraph in and Char
treuse 11.
The wedding of Miss Emma Lambert, of
1724 .-utter street, and John E. Heilmann,
one of the County Clerk's deputies, will take
place this evening.
The "lock" game was successfully played
•upon William Goethe, 1331 California street,
yesterday by two men, and the police are
searching for them.
Supervisor Dimond offered an ordinance
at yesterday's meeting of the board impos
ing a license of .*3 per quarter on all nickie-in
the-slot telephone boxes.
Metropolitan Temple was crowded at last
eight's lecture on "Man's Inhumanity to
Man," by the Very Rev. Peter C. Yorke, Chan
cellor : the Arcndiocese.
The Marceau divorce case will be amicably
settled in the near future. An application will
be made before Judge Slack this morning for
Mrs. Marceau's counsel fees. * : J ! ' ! *
Charles Favor, charged with impersonating
a United States officer and extorting $100
from Yuk Jeong, was held for trial by United
States Commissioner Heacock yesterday.-
Judge Troutt having yesterday released an
ex-convict sentenced for having burglar's
tools ii. hid possession the police will appeal
to the Supreme Court to make a test case of it.
John A. Percy has been appointed guardian
of the children of William Fair. The appoint
ment is for the purpose of adjusting the inter
ests of the children during a salejof their leg
acies.
Xapthaly Herz Imber has challenged Rabbi
Freyer to meet him in the vestry of Temple
Emana-EI to-day at 3 o'clock to test his (the
rabbi's] ability to translate certain words in
the Bible.
Three ministerial bodies appointed commit
tees yesterday to confer with the Jewish-
Christian Mission over the coming of Her
mann Warszawiak, '* the Little Messianic
Prophet." * -'"
Frank Schilling, guardian of Alvin P. Mat
tliews, lias riled notice of intention to move to
set as.ide the appointment of Francis Pope as
Matthews' attorney, on the ground that he
himseif is an attorney.
In an interview yesterday Traffic Manager
Stubbs of the southern Pacific Company stated
that the cause of the failure to put into effect
the new rates decided upon at Chicago was a
matter of no public interest. ■-•.
It is generally believed in railroad and mer
cantile circles that there will shortly be an
other meeting of the Transcontinental Traffic
Association to arrange for the readjustment
and advance of freight rates.
Alice Nathan, who robbed W. H. Palmer, a
miner from Alaska, of $1290 last week in the
Osborne House, Kearny street, was yesterday
held to answer by Judge Joachimaen Defore the
Superior Court iv $2000 bonds.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club asked
the Fire Commissioner! yesterday to provide
additional fire protection for the Richmond
District, but the Commissioners were unable
to accede to the request for lack of funds.
Emma Martinelli, a pretty girl 10 years of
age, who was married March 21, was taken to
the City Prison yesterday and registered for
some public institution, while her husband
was lake- to Oakland on a charge of perjury.
Before the Pacific Coast Women's Press Asso
ciation in Golden Gate Hall yesterday after
noon Miss Susan B. Anthony bitterly de
nounced an article in a California weekly to
the effect that women have degraded the press.
The Fruit Exchange and acommittee of fruit
growers held a conference yesterday with
President Colnon of the Harbor Commission
■"''•''• Charl-js F. Smurr of the Southern Pacific
Company ns to the establishment of a free
xnar_ct 011 the water front.
Can Make Good Uniform*.
The secretary of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association has written a letter to
Charles Cast-asa, the band leader, relative to
reulformlng the well-known band. He states
that its good uniforms can be made by mem
bers oi ihe association as can be made in the
•bait or elsewhere, and adds:
It Is perhaps unnecessary to call your attention
to the l,' :,.■„. a liiui would he derived by yourself
ana your neighbors if Callfo.-nians would adhere
closely to the rule to "Patronize home Industries"
'"•'*• price and quality are equal, as it is a ques
tion mm has recently received much attention In
.I""',', 8 of * lie "■lie. We. therefore, most re
apecMnily request that you will, before ordering
Hie MMve-meiitioned uniforms, look Into the
y""." the California manufactured goods, and
If you fir-id price and quality equal (as we are sure
you will), give lbs preference to California.
Death «f a Park Officer.
Captain Thomson of the park police has re
ceived notice of the death of Harry Eaton, one
of the officer, under him, which occurred at
the home of Eaton's mother, Mrs. E. Moses, in
Pasadena, on the 23d inst. Valvular disease of
the heart was the cause of his death. He had
held the position for six Year", and during
that time proved himself a most gentlemanly
and efficient officer.
Tho Story of a Kur Caaa.
On the 24th of last March one of the officers
of the Golden Gate Park police picked up on
one of the roads a fine sealskin cape which is
valued at $75. On the following day a notice
of the rind appeared in The Call, and subse
quently the lact that it had been found was
advertised in each of the daily papers, but,
strange to say, no one up to last Sunday had
called for it.
SOUGHT DEATH IN
THE OCEAN WAVE
Alice Jones of San Mateo
Desired a Watery
Grave.
SHE WAS DESPONDENT
Because People Taunted Her of
Two Sisters Who Had
Gone Astray.
EDDIE WHITE'S BRAVE RESCUE
His Timely Appearance Saves the
Fair Young Wou!d-Be
Suicide.
Alice Jones attempted suicide by throw
ing herself into the ocean near the Cliff
House early yesterday morning.
The opportune appearance of a young
man, Eddie White, was all that prevented
the girl from carrying out her de
sign. Before the waves could carry their
young burden beyond the reach
of human aid the heroic rescuer
rushed into the. seething waters. The
first wave carried him off his feet,
but, undaunted, the brave fellow strug
gled, and at last reached the almost life
less figure. He grasped the young woman
about the waist and then began to fight for
his own life as well as that of the fair
would-be suicide. It was a hard battle, but
White with his unconscious burden finally
reached the shore.
It was Captain Morton of the life-sav
ing crew who pulled the rescuer and res
cued safely on to the dry sands. In a few
moments the girl regained consciousness,
and a little later was able to walk to the
life-saving station, where dry clothing
was furnished her. At 9 o'clock she was
carried to the Receiving Hospital, and in
the afternoon she was given a temporary
shelter in the Girls' Training Home on
Hill street. .-3-
Back of this attempted self-destruction
lies a pathetic story.
Alice Jones was born in this City seven
teen years ago of honest and poor parents.
She was the third of a family of five chil
dren—four daughters and a son. The
mother died when she was still a very
young girl, and the father sought to belter
his condition by honiesteadine on Govern
ment land near San Benito. The two
eldest daughters were left to care for the
house, also to attend to the bringing up of
Alice and another sister two years her
junior. :3- v ; 7.7 v 3 -- ■'*' 3*:-
For a time matters moved smoothly,
and then the two elder sisters went astray.
They are now living near Ingleside, and
with them is the -year-old sister.
Eleven months ago matters became so
bad that Alice left her wayward sisters,
going to San Mateo, where she had secured
a position as servant in the home of a con
tractor named Morton. After a time peo
ple taunted her with the acts of her sisters.
This preyed on the young girl's mind.
What actually led up to the attempted
suicide was told by the girl shortly after
her arrival at the Receiving Hospital.
"Sunday night week I went driving with
Mr. Jennings, the proprietor of a livery
stable," she said. "Mrs. Morton, the lady
for whom I worked, of course gave her
consent; Sin fact she seemed much pleased
that Mr. Jennings should pay mc atten
tion. We returned about 9 o'clock, but as
the family had company I would not go
in. When they left, about 11 o'clock I
went to my, room.
"The next morning the family began to
comment on it. Oh, they said so many
insinuating things that I thought I should
die from very shame.3 1 was friendless
and alone in' the world, and it occurred to
me that it would be better if I could die.
All during the -week they kept say
ing unpleasant things, and when
last night 1 heard a sermon on
self-destruction I grew despondent and
determined to take my life. I went home,
wrote a letter to Mrs. Morton, telling her
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
how I felt. This I left on the dresser and
I left San Mateo at s:3o, this morning and,
as soon as I arrived, started at once I for
the beach. . .***3* 3 ' :777^7~, yj-
"The rest of the story is already known.
I jumped into the water, and but for the
act of a brave man I would now be dead.
Oh, 1 do wish he nad let me die, for it
would have been better in the end. I was
not frightened a bit by the waves. Why
should- I be when my seeking them was a
voluntary act? ; .3:;
"While I am sorry that I was not left to
die, I will never attempt such a thing
again. 1 suppose people had a right to
scold me, but 1 did not think so at the
time. I was compelled to work very hard,
and I suppose that had something to do
with my attempted suicide."
Alice Jones arrived in the City yesterday
morning about (J o'clock. She went imme
diately to the park and there boarded the
first train for tbe beach, reaching there at
7:30. On the way out the conductor no
ticed that she cried and wrung her hands
almost continuously. 3>"
Fearing that all" was not right he asked
two other early morning passengers, Ed
die White and Fred Scott, to watch her
for a time. The young girl walked delib
erately to the beach just beyond the big
iron pier, and throwing her hat to the
ground rushed wildly into the foaming
waters. v v.::v
At the life-saving station her outer gar
ments were taken off, and a big ulster,
which swept the ground as she walked,
furnished her. For a hat she wore a big
woolen gray knit cap, which came well
down over her ears. In this _»arb the
young woman appeared at the Receiving
Hospital. At 1 o'clock she was sent to the
Training Home and after a warm bath
was given a sleeping potion and then
tucked snugly away between white
sheets and warm blankets. She will be
kept at the Training Home until some
other provision can be made for her.
CHOSE GARRETT M'ENERNY.
An Attorney Decided on by the Board
of Election Commissioners.
The Board of Election Commissioners
decided yesterday to employ Garrett Mc-
Enemy as its attorney in the fight over
the County government act which is soon
to De waged before the Supreme Court*
Mayor Sutro, who was present, spoke in
favor of ex-Judge McK'instry, but the
other members were united on McEnerny,
and he was chosen.
The compensation to be paid for his
services could not be decided upon, how
ever, and went over for a week. Mayor
Sutro thought $500 a month, as long as the
fight lasts or until after the election, would
be about tight, but the other members
asked time to consider the matter.
A NEW LAW POINT.
Mission-Street Cars Invite Young Men
to Jump On.
The parents of James A. Frichette are
suing for $50,000 damages for the death of
their son. He was killed by a Mission
street car on September 25, 1894.
The complaint contains a novel point.
It is charged that the j Mission - street
cars must run from Twenty-ninth street
to the ferries in thirty -five minutes
and as the distance is fouranri a half miles
they must run far above the speed allowed
bylaw. In addition to that it is chareed
that every young man is invited to jump
on the car while it is in. motion, and in
pursuance of this request the deceased
tried to board a moving car.
Her Marriage a Failure.
Henry Brown, a boy 5 years of age, living at
727 Minna street, was taken to the Receiving
Hospital yesterday morning by his mother to
have wounds on his nose and forehead dressed.
His mother said he had slipped and fallen
against a slop bucket in a house where she was
working. She is compelled to go out for work
to support herself and two young children, as
her husband is too lazy to do anything'for
them. : She has wealthy relatives in the City
but they will have nothing to do with her. '
'TIS NOW RIVARDE'S TURN
The Third Violinist of the Season
Makes a Decided
Hit.
APPLAUSE AT THE COLUMBIA,
William Keith's Fine Singing— An
Excellent Concert Well
Attended.
San Francisco has been especially fa
vored in respect to violinists during the
past two months, for the three who aroused
most interest in the East last winter have
all been heard here. Marsick was lan
guidly applauded. Ondricek's fiery verve
aroused his audiences to warm demon
strations, and last night Rivarde, who
made his San Francisco debut at the
Columbia Theater, was applauded to the
echo, particularly in music which gave
him scope for the display of his own char
acteristic qualities.
In these days, when a plain, stubble
haired man has absolutely no chance as a
virtuoso, Achille Kivarde's appearance is
in itself a fortune to him. There was a
distinct sensation in the theater when the
tall, willowy young Spaniard appeared
and agitated his flowing black locks in a
graceful, languid bow. In fact there were
a number of people who settled themselves
back in their seats with a sense of luxu
rious satisfaction, after they had sur
veyed the young violinist through their
opera glasses and had seen that he had all
[ the outward and visible signs of a success- j
ful virtuoso. '3*333
The first number in which Rivarde
was heard was the Mendelssohn violin
concerto, which was played by both
Marsick and Ondricek. It was not,
as a whole, so suited to make his
playing appeal to the audience as other
numbers in which he was heard later,
though the last two movements aroused
his hearers to a good deal of enthusiasm.
His tone is remarkable for its sweetness
and clearness rather than its strength,
and his execution of florid passages is easy
and brilliant. The great charm of Ri
varde's playing, however, is in his poetic
expression.
On the whole the orchestra, under the
direction of H. J. Stewart, did excellent
work. The intonations might at times
have been better and a little more preci
sion in the last movement of the concerto
would have been an improvement, but on
the whole the playing was crisp, the shad
ing good and the climaxes were splendidly
worked up.
It was the, Wieniawski "Airs Russes"
which brought Rivarde a storm of ap
plause and "bravos!" His interpretation
was thoroughly characteristic, savoring
neither of Ysaye's somewhat majestic
rendering nor of Ondricek's fiery in
terpretation. Rivarde had less brio than
the latter, but more sentiment, while his
execution was very flowery and facile. He
was recalled again and again, responding
by playing a "Hungarian Dance," by
Wieniawski, and finally, when the people
still wanted more, he gave them a "Ro
mance," by Svendsen.
W. H. Keith,' the local barytone, who
has been winning successes in the East
and in Europe, was a very welcome addi
tion to the concert. His voice is as mel
low and homogeneous as ever and he has
gained considerably in artistic expression,
though he needs to guard against his ten
dency to indulge in the tremolo,
to the extent of almost wabbling
on some of his notes. However,
this is almost the one shortcoming that
one can find with his school. He pro
nounces French better than many French
singers, for every word is audible and his
accent is excellent. Faure's "Santa
Maria" was especially suited to display
Keith's really beautiful voice, though he
also sang Massenet's "Vision Fugitive"
excellently as well as his encore, "I Love
Thee."
Lachaumehad a better piano than when
he was last heard here, but the instru
ment had not been tuned to the same
pitch as the orchestra, and therefore in
the Weber "Concertstuck" there was a
war of instruments, which soon caused
the orchestra to desist from the unequal
contest and leave the field to the pianist.
Lachaume also played Chopin's "Polon
aise" in A flat and played it well, if a little
forcefully..
The programme for to-night* is as fol
lows : - ' .
Overture, "Rienzi" (Wagner), orchestra:
First Ballade (Chopin), M. Alma Lachaume;
air from the "Prodigal Son" (Ar
thur, Sullivan), William H. Keith;
Concert No. 1 in G minor (Max Bruch), (a) in
troduction recitativo, (6) andante maestoso,
(c) finale alia con spirito, M. Achille Rivarde;
"Lucia di Lammermoor" (Donizetti), orchestra
and harp solo by Mme. Marquadt; la)
"Choeur dcs Fileuses," "Vaisseau Fantome"'
(Wagner-Liszt), (">) polonaise in A major (Cho
pin), M. Aime Lachaume; aria from "Henry
VIII" (Saint-Saens). William H. Keith; Airs
Kongroise (Ernst), M. Achille Rivarde; finale,
act "La Vie Pour le Czar" (Gliuka), orchestra.
KICKED HIS NOSE OFF.
Painful if Not Fatal Accident to Little
Millard Buckman, Who Played
With a Horse.
. Little Millard, the six-year-old .boy of
Frank Buckman, residing at 427 Thirteenth
street, is lying, disfigured and at the
point of death, in his little cot at the
home of his heart-broken parents.
The innocent child met with a most
cruel and painful accident Sunday after
noon, and there are grave doubts as to his
recovery. 77 77' 7
Frank Buckman, the father of the in
jured child, is foreman for his brother, Al
Buckman, the prominent contractor. As
Little Millard Buckman, Whose Face
Was Terribly Mutilated Yesterday
by a Kicking Horse.
such he has many teamsters under his
control, and all of them are well acquainted
with little Millard.
It has been their habit to allow the
child to ride with them, he taking such
delight in wielding the whip and shouting
"Get up, horsey!"
So often had Millard done this that he
had become fearless of horses and re
garded them as his by right, for all
amusement.
This idea came near being his fatal un
doing, and only for his strong constitution
and the prompt action of Dr. W. D. Clark,
who arrived in time to stop the hem
orrhage, the boy would not be alive to-day.
Mr. and Mrs. Buckman were at church
Sunday afternoon, their baby boy being
left in charge of his sister at home.
Watching his opportunity he made bis
escape to an empty lot on Thirteenth
street, where a vicious horse was staked
out.
Millard seized a lath and, going up the
animal, began belaboring him, accompany
ing the blows with the usual admonition to
"Get up, horsey!"
The horse got up and incidentally let fly
his rear hoofs, catching the unfortunate
child in the face.
The blow was sickening. It completely
lifted off the upper lip and nose of the
child, leaving the face bare.
Yesterday Millard recovered conscious
ness, but even if his life is spared he will
remain terribly disfigured the remainder
of his life.
AT THE CITY PLAYHOUSES
Mrs. Auzerais Hoyte in a
New Character at the
Alcazar.
" Lady Lil " at the Grand Opera-
House— Trained Animals at the
Auditorium.
"The Politician, or the Woman's
Plank," that satirical production which
last week delighted the audiences at the
New California Theatre, was again pre
sented last night to a fairly good house
that enjoyed the shafts directed at the
politicians of the day, and incidentally at
woman suffrage. The play will be con
tinued on the boards during the week and
will be followed by burnt cork, when the
Primrose & West Ministrels will appear
behind the footlights.
The Alcazar.
There was a good Monday-night house at
Grover's Alcazar to witness the production of
"My Son-in-law," in which Mrs. Auzerais Hoyte
assumed the character of the jealous wife of
Professor Bisbon, head of a dancing academy.
This is Leonard Grover's favorite, and one of
his best comedies— full of life, fun and
mirth-provoking situations.
Miss Violet Aubrey, who has just returned
from the East, made her first appearance as
Miss Daisy Uppers, a bashful maiden, who
falls in love upon the order of her dearly
beloved mamma. . -:•?■■"■*--•-',:
The Grand Opera-Honse,
There was not a crowded but a good house
to witness the first production of "Lady Lil"
at the Grand Opera-house. It is a semi-mili
tary play full of sensational and thrilling situ
ations, in which Lisle Leigh appeared as
Lady Lil, an equestrienne, a part that calls for
considerable aDility.
In the second act there is a thrilling scene.
Buda (Eugene Moore), in front of a nunnery,
is manipulating a telegraph instrument to
convey messages of importance during a
battle, and while there he was shot and dies,
surrounded by runs who sing a touching
hymn. I - While this is going on the nunnery is
bombarded and destroyed by fire. In the next
act there is a circus scene.
The Orphean..
Tbe trans-oceanic combination was the
drawing card at the Orpheum Music Hall last
night, the house being crowded , to the same
extent that it was each night the previous
week. The comicalities of Edward and Josie
Evans, the descriptive singing by Horace
W. F. Benners. and Fulgore, the transfigurator,
were as entertaining as on previous occasions,
but the greatest of all was the performance
of the IJlliputians, the Rossow Brothers, whose
boxing match roused the audience to the
highest pitch of enthusiastic excitement.
At the Auditorium,
A very little mule— one of the kind you see
in Mexico— came running out on the stage at
the Auditorium last night and, pausing before
the footlights, made his bow to a crowded
house of spectators and then went throue-h a
very amusing pantomimic imitation of a per
son delivering an address. But while little
"Denver" was most popular because of his in
imitable muleish ways a "pinto" horse named
Sultan called forth expressions of surprise and
admiration. ......
These were not the only equine actors. There
were twenty-eight others in Professor Bristol's
company, from white twins that managed a
teeter with calculating accuracy to the cute
little blind Shetland pony. The whole com
pany went through several complicated mili
tary maneuvers with a precision that would
have made a raw recruit feel ashamed.
At the Baldwin Theater.
Richard Mansfield's admirers rallied in force
at the Baldwin Theater last night to see him
act the part of the old roue. Baron Chevrial,
in "A Parisian Romance." The part is one
that gives him many opportunities for his pe
culiar talent, and, as usual, it was a finished
picture from the opening act to the time the
dying baron drops . his glass at the supper
table and dies almost in the act of drinking a
toast.
Miss Florence Ethel made a charming Rosa
Guerin and Miss Beatrice Cameron was thor
oughly in her element as Marcele, the suffer
ing wife. The rest of the east was good and the
staging was carefully done.
To-night "The Story of Rodion, the Student,"
will be acted.
. Tivoli Opera-House.
Thero is still a good attractive • power in
"Blue Beard" at the .Tivoli Opera-house, which
is now in its third week, for there was a good
house last night. The coster songs are one of
the attractions that help the aggregation of
mirth and music along. ,
3 NEW TO-DAT.
" Pure and Sure."
Baking Powder,
T
" I have used Cleveland's Baking Powder with
entire satisfaction in the preparation of breads, biscuits
and CakeS. Juliet Corson, Founder of New York Cooking School.
I A BEEAKFAST SAVED THE UNION
_
Lee's Hungry Soldiers Stopped to Eat
and His Plans Were Thwarted.
"Charging is the last resort of brave
but baffled commanders," said a local
critic of military affairs to a writer in the
Utica Observer, "and it almost always re
sults disastrously."
Thirty-one years ago to-day the affairs
of the Confederate army of Northern Vir
ginia were desperate enough to warrant its
brave commander, General Robert E. Lee,
to resort to charging. So it came to pass
on the morning ol the 25th day of March,
1865, he made a break through the Union
lines and opened the way to City Point,
which, if he could have reached and held,
would have prolonged the Civil War for at
least another year. 3 3-3
The preliminaries were well arranged.
First of all 100 men appeared in front of
our picket line and announced themselves
as North Carolina deserters. They were
all armed, but the officer in charge of our
pickets welcomed them and told them to
bring in their guns, a** 1 General Grant had
recently issued an order commanding his
c_uarierm asters to pay tor all guns brought
in from the rebel ranks. So this hundred
of armed men were graciously invited to
march in behind our pickets. "When once
there they turned suddenly upon the
astonished Union troops and requested
them to surrender in words too impolite
to print. "And the pickets had no choice
but to obey. ' tJ :
In the rear of the picket line stood Forts
Haskell and Stedman, garrisoned by tbe
Fourteenth New York Artillery, several of
whom belonged in Utica. In the early
dawn of that mild March morning the
sleeping members of the Fourteenth were
awakened by the sharp "Vi! yi!" of the
rebel troops, who pounced in upon them
10,000 strong or more. They were under
the command of General William Mahone
of Virginia. After capturing the Four
teenth they were expected to move forward
to City Point.
But here an obstacle arose that neither
Mahone nor General Lee had foreseen.
Tnat obstacle was our supplies of food. It
was utterly impossible to get the Confed
erates, who were actually starving, be
yond our soft bread and coffee, our fresh
oeef and salt pork. The whole body
paused and went to eating drinking and
maKing merry without regard to that
well-known saying, "For to-morrow we
die." It was all in vain that General Ma
hone threatened and swore and coaxed his
men. They simply would not stir till
they had satisfied their appetites.
This pause was the salvation of the
Union army. It enabled not only the ma
jority of the Fourteenth to escape from
their captors, but the other divisions of
the Ninth Corps to come to their relief;
so that when the rebels were ready to ad
vance they found their way blocked, and ,
they were compelled to retire from the
scene of their victory and their breakfast
table back to Petersburg badly beaten, and
carrying with them nothing but full
stomachs.
The foregoing is a brief but truthlul ac
count of General Lee's last charge. In a
little more than a week from that day he
evacuated Richmond and Petersburg, and
in less than another week lie surrendered
his entire army to General Ulysses S.
Grant. 33-3
IteSipil
TDfifit
rawflfiwrl
!___f^ —^ggspiggdj
A smart Broadway, New
/ 1 York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
| his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge, his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
fe!_-^@)^^
rniCDLAnOtHOOITLODft Ltsjc*} Anoruiwtitt---
ANOTHER ANOTHER
GREAT
WONDER ARTIST
AND THE GREATEST OF THEM ALL I
That Was the Universal Verdict Last Night of
ACHILLE RIVARDE
The Famous Spanish Violinist. 33- . 3;
W. H. KEITH, the Barytone, a really great Singer,
AIME LACHAUME. the well-known Planlste.
The Orchestra Directed by H. J. STEWART.
The Best Heard Here In Years.
NEXT CONCERT TO-NIGHT.
Complete Change of Programme.
Monday Next GOETHE'S ''FAUST. 1
ANNUAL ROSE SHOW.
CALIFORNIA STATE .
FLORAL SOCIETY!
AXjAOS SOTBHj
(Maple and Marble Halls),
APRIL 30, MAY 1 AND 2,
Admission, Day.... '..35 Cents
" Evening (Music).... 50 Cents
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL PERFORMANCE.
PETER F. IJAILEY
In the most mirth-compelling success,
The __NriC3r___:T CU-SXIH:
You Can't Stop Laughing. Prices, 26c to *?!,
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAT" MAN SCO'S THEATERS
J^ AT THE g MONDAY,
BALDWIN - cast week
RICHARD MANSFIELD
And His New York Oarrick Theater Stock Co.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday Matinee,
"A PARISIAN KIWIANCi;."
Wednesday eve, "The Story of Rodion, the Stu-
dent"; Thursday evg., "Beau Brummell"; Fri-
day evg. (only time), -The Scarlet Letter" : Satur-
day net. (by request), "l>r. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde"
Monday. May The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown, with Eddie Foy and a Great Cast.
«_ ATTHE . LAST 6
CALIFORNIA NIGHTS i
ROLAND REED
In the Latest Success,
"THE POLITICIAN,"
OR
THE WOMAN'S PLANK.
Last Week of ROLAND REED as General Josiab
Limber. Last Week of the Great Convention
Scene. Last Week of IS ADOBE BUSH as
the '20th Century Woman.
Monday, Kay Primrose and West's Big Min-
streis. 40 Whl es-:*U Blacks— 7o in all.
-fi^^M-CAZAR
to-night
Leonard Grover's Great Success,
"MY SON=IN=LAW!"
MRS. AUZERAIS HOYTE,
| LEONARD GROVER BK., LEONARD GROVER
I JR., HEREWARD HOYTE, MAY NOBLE,
MRS. YOUNG and all the Favorites.
j Best Seats 50c, 35c, 25c, 15c and 100.
• Matinees— Wed., Sat. and Sunday.... 25c, 15c, 10&
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
! Mbs. Ek.nkstix e Kbehsr, Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS
I Of the Brilliant Spectacular Extravaganza,
"BLUE BEARD."
(The Pretty Ballets.
The Novel Specialties.
The Coster Sone Medley.
The Novel Specialties.
The ( oster Sont Medley.
I.AST The Medley of Negro Airs.
TIMES OF' The Beautiful Scene Pictures.
The Gorgeous Electrical Display.
| The Wondrous "Rays of Light"
I Lances.
THURSDAY EVENING NEXT.
Grand Complimentary Testimonial Tendered to
the Favorite Comedian,
THOMAS C. LEAKY
A Host of Volunteers, Including JOE CHOYN-
SKI and EDDIE GKEANEY in a
Friendly Set-to.
NEXT OPERA
" CHIMES OF NORMANDY."
Popular Prices— 2sc and 5Qc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING- AT EIGHT,
Lawrence Marston* s Sensation,
"JL.-A.:D"__r 3L.13L,!"
The Circus ! The Horse "Romanoff" !
The Moonlit Ruins!
"It is a great play."— N. Y. Herald. '
Etetin-b Pricks— 2so and ."inc.
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10a
Pgnal Matinees Saturday ana Sunday. •
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Btreeu Between Stockton and Po •*-•_,
v vh— LAST 5 NIGHTS ■
OF THE FASHIONABLE
HOPKINS' TRANSOCEANIC COMPANY!
10 BIG ACTS! . in
35 ARTISTS! 25
:*:-.:*; Positively the Last Week of
THE ROSSOW BROS.
Miniature Sandows and Llliputlan Pugilists.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, lite; Opera cnalri
and Box seats. 50c. *•-_* ..-. ;- ■■,--•*-
BS~ Secure Seats a day in advance. Hundreds
turned away nightly, -..v..::-
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
: Next WEDNESDAY' EV'G-One Concert Only,
R.I"V-A._RIDE !
The Great Spanish Violinist,
Assisted by M. AIME LACHAI'ME, pianist: MR,
WM. H. KEITH, barytone, and a Grand Orchestra
of Forty (selected Musicians. H. J. Stewart, con-
ductor: John Marquardt, concert-master.
Prices— soc to 81 50. Seats now selling.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Co„ Lessees and Managers
A POSITIVE SENSATION !
EVERY EVENING INCLUDING SUNDAY
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
BRISTOL'S EQUES-CURRICULUM I
The Finest Educated School of Horses In the
World. They Do Everything But Talk.
Seats 15c, 25c and 500.
CHILDREN AT MATINEES 10c
SUTRO BATHS
AND PLEASURE GROUNDS.
WAYS RUNNING
GIANT WHKKL, HAUNTED SWING,
. Mystic Maze, Punch and Judy.
Grand Concert Saturday and Snnday.
Admission 10c; Children sc.
SUTRO__BATHS.
MONSTER MAYDAY FESTIVAL!
A BEAUTIFUL QUEEN !
1000 CHILDREN IN Glf.\ND MARCH I
LOTS OF FUN ON
-VE----E**-.---.-!-r •cttay;
General Admission, lOc. Children, So.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
o___f ......FIT,
Cor. California and Mason streets.
The Annual Spring Exhibition,
Including the James I). Phelan prize painting and
140 examples in oil and water colors by resident
artists, also 15 examples in plastic art, is now
open daily from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., including Sun-
days. Organ Recitals Sunday afternoons from 2
to 4. Admission 25c.
Concerts Every ') hursday Et ening.
Admission 50c-
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Big Days Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
ADMISSION (Adults)' IO CENTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, 50.
Ladles— Chutes, Weekday Afternoons, sc.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
3_M§§___
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING — —
Beginning Thursday, April, leth*
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday
Friday' and Saturday. ' Bain or Shine.
FIVE UK MORE RACES EACH DAY.
' Races start at 2 :U0 p. m. sharp. .
McAllister and Geary street car* pass the ate
B. B. MILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR...:
I -ecrbiary. President.
78
COUNT JAMES PORTALES.
A Distinguished German Metal
lurgist Treating Our
Ores.
HE HAS A CYANIDE PROCESS.
Has Sold a Large Property at Cripple
Creek— His Story of the Con
ditions There.
Count James Portales. formerly of Ger
many, whose home is now at Colorado
Springs and who has been operating for
some time past conspicuously in the mines
of Cripple Creek, is at the Palace.
The Count has lately sold a large mine
there and is now in California to look
around for a time. He has been experi
menting with California ores by a process
of his own, he being a skilled metallurgist.
It is a cyanide process, and it has, the
Count says, been found exceedingly well
suited to California ores.
The Count is a large, handsome-appear-
Count Jarres Pcrtales, Who is Here in Connection With the Treatment of
California Ores.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
ing man, with clear-cut features and hav
ing light-colored hair and mustache. He
is fully six feet high and scarcely over 30
years of age, apparently.
With him are several prominent mining
men of Colorado.
He says Crinple Creek has steadied down
somewhat, but that the future seems
bright. 333.33*3* ■■''.
"So far as the mining stocks are con
cerned, in which there was a great deal of
interest a while ago," said the Count,
"the good ones are all right, and the others
are bad. That about expresses it.
; "The Portland is not being worked just
now, and the Independence has only been
worked a little. These are the two big
mines. On Bull Hill, where the ore is
lower grade, the mines are going along.
The Victor, Union, Isabell, Farmers and
others are being worked, but the ore being
low, and the big mines doing litt le, it has
affected the camp.
"You see during the stock excitement
some of the mines got their rich ore so as
to make a showing and boom the stock.
Afterward they had to market their poor
ore, and this made a considerable differ
ence in the output. Other mines had to
do development work before they could get
out more ore.
"But when the big mines resume and
get out the rich ore again, it will make a
difference. Th- product of the low-grade
being . greater too, in connection with the
use of the cyanide process, which is
steadily gaining favor, the showing will be
very good.
"The chlorination process is used there
now more than the cyanide, but the latter
can be used vastly cheaper than it could a
year ago. It means about 50 per cent of
of a difference. A year ago the price was
, from 60 to 65 cents a pound, now it is 35,
but in a short time I have no doubt it will
be down to 25. These different things, I
think, will make the place very prosper
ous. 7. 777
--"The recent fire, which has occurred
since I left, took four blocks right out of
the heart of the city. I suppose they will
be built up quickly again, as the people
are very enterprising."
Count Portales has been engaged in
mining in the United States for about
twelve years. He has been instrumental
in developing some of the biggest proper
ties at Cripple Creek, and is represented to
be very wealthy. >;■«'.-, ; 3
THEIR BRIEF HONEYMOON
Pretty Emma Martinelli and Her
Husband Placed Under
Arrest.
He Is in the Oakland Jail on a Charge
of Perjury, and She Is in the
• City Prison.
Pretty Emma Brunner, who has not yet
seen sixteen summers, was married in
Oakland on March 21 to E. Martinelli, and
now she is weeping her eyes out in the
City Prison. Her husband is in the Oak
land fail on a charge of perjury.
Emma lived with her parents at 127
Benard street «md on March 21 she left
home and met Martinelli. who is a hunch
back and does odd jobs in the office of the
Postal Telegraph Company on Market
street. They crossed over to Oakland and
Martinelli procured a marriage license,
giving Emma's age as 18 years. They
were married by a clergyman that after
noon and since then have been living in a
Mexican lodging-house at 1616 Powell
street. ;■■ :-r;33v
Emma's family made diligent inquiry
about her and being unsuccessful in learn
ing her whereabouts notified the police.
Yesterday morning Policeman Coleman
found her at 1616 Powell street and took
her to the City Prison, whero she was
registered for some public institution.
Helena, the elder sister of Emma, went
to Oakland and swore out a warrant for
Martinelli's arrest on the charge of per
jury in falsely swearing that Emma was
18 years of age, and a detective from Oak
land arrested him and took him across the
bay.
Emma's father is determined to have
the marriage annulled, as the family is
bitterly opposed to it. If she refuses to
return home she will he probably sent to
the Magdalen Asylum. About a year ago
she ran away from home and was gone
three weeks before she was found again
and taken back.
"I won't go home again," said Emma
yesterday between her sobs. "They were
all unkind to me and wanted me to work.
1 have worked since I was 12 years old,
first at the tailoring business and then in
a tobacco-factory, and I was tired of it,
"My husband has been kind to me and I
won't leave him. This is all spite work on
the part of my sister Helena, who does not
like my husband. He is 23 years :old, and
is able to take care of me. Yes, lam not
quite 16, but that doesn't matter. I have
known him for eighteen months.
"It is cruel of tnem to take my husband
from me. All they want is to get me
home again to make me work so they can
get the money I earn, but I won go
home."
MARCEAU DIVORCE CASE
An Amicable Settlement Will Be
Made at an Early
Date.
Mrs. Marceau Will Give the Colonel
$30,000 in Full Satisfaction of
All Claims.
This morning in Judge Slack's court the
application of Mrs. Amanda J. Marceau
for an allowance for counsel fees pending
the disposition of the divorce suit will be
made. It is understood that the applica
tion will not be opposed by the attorneys
for Mr. Marceau, and that the divorce
case itself will be settled satisfactorily in
the near future.
The only hindrance to the settlement
recently was a disagreement as to money
matters. Colonel Marceau claimed that
his wife owed him in the neighborhood of
$30,000 for moneys advanced by him from
time to time for the purpose of clearing
incumbrances from the estate of her first
husband, John D. Fiske. Mrs. Marceau
set up a counter claim for moneys ad
vanced by her toward defraying the ex
penses of their trip to Europe a few years
ago. She paid all the expenses out of
$60,000 life insurance for her husband's
death, and she insisted that it was no
more than right that the colonel should
repay her for the money expended on the
trip.
But everything has now been satisfac
torily arranged, or is about to be arranged,
on the following propositions: Mrs. Mar
ceau is to pay her husband $30,000 in full
liquidation of all. claims that may have
accrued against her. On his part, he is to
withdraw the charge of infidelity, and she
will enter a complaint against him on
the ground of cruelty. lie is to support
their 16 months old baby boy— this being
his own proposition— and to pay Mrs. Mar
ceau $300 per mont alimony until the
final determination of the suit.
The child is to be placed in the custody
of some mutual friend, where both parents
may visit it, but it must not be removed
outside of the jurisdiction of the court.
At present Miss Emma Bennett, a
trained nurse at the Children's Hospital,
has the baby.
THE HOTEL MEN.
Californlam Sustain Their Reputation
for Hospitality.
With due regard for the well-known
gastronomic and epicurean propensities of
hotel men, the menu of Friday's banquet
at the Palace was selected by the commit
tee with the greatest care and rare refine
ment. From the excellent . frogs' legs ala
poulette to the generous Pommery Sec the
banquet may be considered an unqualified
success, long to be remembered by the
participants. -.j^.-'^^w
A Heartless Miser.
Hannah McNally, the old miser who was ar
rested some time ago for cruelty to a minor
child and to her horse, > has deserted her in
valid daughter, who now lies destitute and
sick in a hovel on York street. At the time
the old woman was arrested #-1000 was found
in her possession. She was convicted and
fined $50. She has since disappeared, leaving
her daughter, who is 25 years of age, des
titute.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
FAVOR A FREE MARKET.
An Important Conference of the
California Fruit Ex
change.
COLNON AND SMURR PRESENT.
Friends of the Project Are Jubilant
in View of the Encourag
ing Outlook.
Definite measures are about to be taken
for the opening of a free market on the
water front. The pulse of the City and
the adjacent country has been taken and
all classes found in favor of the project,
wtth the exception of a few commission
merchants*.
At the mass-meeting on the 16th inst.
in the Chamber of Commerce the matter
was referred to the California Fruit Ex
change, with instructions to take charge
of it and see what could be effected in re
lation to it. A committee of fruit-growers
was appointed at the same time to act with
the exchange, the joint committee thus
formed being under the presidency of B.
F. Walton, president of the Fruit Ex
change.
The committee met yesterday morning
at 11 o'clock, Mr. Walton presiding. B. M.
Lelong of the State Board of Horticulture
acted as secretary, and among those pres
ent were Senator William Johnson, J. A.
Filcher, H. L. Overheiser, Edward F.
Adams and about a dozen other well
known business men.
Proceedings opened with the election of
Messrs. Johnson and Overheiser as direct
ors of the Fruit Exchange, in place of
Messrs. Webster and Morrill, resigned.
The election over, a general discussion
on the topic under consideration ensued;
but as all present were of one mind, there
were no spirited words, each speaker
merely supplementing what his predeces
sor had said in favor of the market. The
views of the conference were crystallized
in a resolution to the effect that the Fruit
Exchange would accept the task of open
ing the free market as decided at the mass
meeting, provided that the Board of Har
bor Commissioners furnished a free wharf
and levied such additional tolls on prod
ucts as might be necessary to meet the
running expenses of the market.
It was then announced that no more
business could be transacted until some
representatives of the Harbor Commission
and of the Southern Pacific Company
could be present. Invitations were sent to
Charles F. Smurr, freight agent of the
railway, and to President Colnon of the
Harbor Commission, and a recess t-uken
for lunch.
Mr. Smurr was on hand at the opening
of the afternoon session. The secretary
having read the resolutions adopted in the
morning, the chairman made a brief ex
planation of their import.
"So far as the Southern Pacific Com
pany is concerned," said Mr. Smurr, in re
ply, "I think 1 can assure you of its hearty
co-operation. There is ground on the
water front belonging to the State which I
should think' is amply adequate for the
purposes of a free market, leaving plenty
of room for the transportation companies
and other concerns doing business in that
quarter.
"A belt line alone the front will be a
great advantage to the market, giving pur
chasers every facility for going to and
from the market. As far as our company
is concerned, we would be glad to make
connections with the belt line and leave
produce at the market for the same charges
now made for conveying it to the yards at
Fourth and Townsend streets. Of course,
1 am not here to formally contract with
this organization, but I have reason to be
lieve that the Southern Pacific Company
is disposed to work in favor of the market."
Mr. Adams said that Harbor Commis
sioner Colnon had assured him that he
saw no difficulty in bringing the free
market project to a speedy and successful
realization. He had also suggested the
building of a pier somewhere near the
Fishermen's wharf, which would give much
additional room to the market and afford
ampler facilities for landing produce
brought to the seawall in boats or barges.
. "In order to know exactly what to do,"
resumed Mr. Smurr, "we should confer
with the Harbor Commissioners. I under
stood they were to be here."
"We've been telephoning for them," re
turned the secretary, "but they're all out."
"Keep up the telephoning," ordered the
chairman, "and they'll come after a
while." 3 33- -
Meanwhile the following resolution was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Harbor Commission be
requested to extend to all transportation com
panies the necessary facilities, including track
and pier room, for delivery of perishable prod
ucts to the proposed free market, and to ap
point an early date for the formal considera
tion of the details involved, at which repre
sentatives of the transportation companies and
of this board shall be present. -
Mr. Colnon came in at this juncture
and a brief account of the proceedings was
given him by the secretary. He remarked
that for some reasons Lombard-street
wharf would be a better place for the
free market than section 4of the seawall,
the location at first contemplated.
'Lombard-street wharf," he continued,
"is 600 feet long and 50 feet wide, whereas
section 4 is 500 feet long and only 40 feet
wide, with landing facilities on one side
only, since it does not extend out into the
water, as the wharf does. However, the
exchange may do as seems best to its di
rectors; but before any decision is made it
might be well for the directors of the ex
change to visit and inspect the two loca
tions."
This suggestion seemed reasonable and
the conference adjourned to the perfumed
precincts of the fish market and its en
virons, where they planned and proposed
until the cold drove them home.
'TWAS A DELIBERATE LIE
That Is What Harry Knox Says
About Callandine's State
ment.
Denies Knowledge of the Robbery of
the Safe in the Sacraniento
Railroad Office.
A few days since, during the examina
tion before Judge Davis in Sacramento of
L. L. Callandine, H. W. Baker and Fred-
crick W. Townsend upon a charge of hav
ing robbed the safe in the office of the
electric streetcar line of that city, Town
send made a confession, detailing the cir
cumstances of the crime.
Upon cross-examination of this defend
ant, Townsend stated that Callandine had
told him previous to the commission of thu
crime that the two men had agreed to take
part in the affair, but that they had backed
out, and when asked if Callandine had
named the men, Townsend replied that he
had. When asked to state the names he
hesitated for a time and said "Melville
Hatch,'? but when asked for the second
name he refused to answer. When in
formed by Judge Davis that he must, he
said reluctantly that it was Harry Knox.
The mention of the name of Knox, who
was a prominent figure in the great rail
road strike, created quite a sensation in
the courtroom, and subseauently in Sac
ramento, where he is well known.
Knox, who is at the present time em
ployed on the Sutro line, when seen yes
terday said: "I was not concerned in
any way in the matter and never spoke
to Callandine on the subject and . the
thought of robbing either a safe or a
train never entered my head. I came to
San Francisco in January, 1895, and re
mained here until Decern her of that year,
when I went to Sacramento to live with
my brother-in-law, Cathcart, as it was im
possible for me to obtain any employment
here. During that * period I did not see
Callandine and only heard of him when
the Harris shooting scrape occurred, and
that was through the newspaper accounts.
"When I returned to Sacramento I was
walking along the street with my brother
in-law and we were overtaken by Collan
dine and another party. The "conversa
tion turned on the Harris shooting and
while he was telling me all the details, we
moved a few feet away from the other two,
but not so far but that they could hear
what was being said. That was the only
time I talked with him and in that conver
sation not a word was said about office,
railroad or safe, or any desire to break
into any place. . .y.*:
"I returned "to this City on the 25th of
last January/have been here ever since,
and since the conversation alluded to
knew nothing of Callandine until I saw
in the papers that he was accused of hav
ing taken part in the robbery of the safe.
"My acquaintance with Callandine was
a limited one. He worked for Douglass
in the machine shop and I worked in the
yard. If he did say to Townsend what
Townsend said he did, he must have done
so with the idea that by mentioning
Hatch's name and mine it would brace
him up to go in with him, but I will say
that if he did make that statement it was
a deliberate lie."
WALLACE DISS IN TOWN.
He Talks About Oranges and Tells New
Things in Politics.
J. Wallace F. Diss of Redlands, County
Clerk, Auditor and Recorder, and owner of
a large orange ranch, arrived here last
night and has been meeting his old friends
at the Press and Bohemian clubs. Mr.
Diss was formerly a resident of this City,
where he practiced journalism assiduously
for eight years. Since becoming a solid
citizen of San Bernardino County he has
increased forty pounds in weight.
He talks oranges and tells new things in
a political way. He says that H. H. Sin
clair, manager ol the electric-light works
in Redlands, is one of the candidates from
the lower end of the Seventh Congres
sional District for delegate to the Republi
can National Convention. In other words,
while a delegate to the State Convention,
his associates will push him for a delegate
to St. Louis. Mr. Diss is commending
him. He also thinks Congressman Bow
ers will be a strong man for Governor next
time. The country south, he says, looks
as though it was for McKinley, but is in
fact for any good Republican. f,
Mr. Diss is going to Salinas, but will soon
return, and will probably remain a week
or thereabout. He is major and inspector
of the First Brigade, N. G. C.
CALLED THEM SWINDLERS
Supervisor Dimond's Criticisms
on Nickel-in-the-Slot Tele
phones.
r
WANTS THEM TO BE LICENSED.
*. ' '
The New Municipal Building Matter
Will Not Be Decided for
Four Months.
Supervisor Dimond says that the nickel
in-the-slot arrangements that are attached
to thousands of telephones about the City
are either swindles or games of chance,
and that they should be either suppressed
as one or subjected to a license as the
other. •
When resolutions were called for at yes
terday's meeting of the Supervisors Mr.
Dimond presented a measure providing
that the nickel-in-the-slot boxes of tele
phones be required to pay a quarterly li
cense of $3, just as poker, candy and other
chance games are taxed. In support of
his resolution Mr. Dimond said:
These boxes are not only games of
chance, but they are worse. They are
swindles, and if we cannot suppress them
as such we should at least derive the same
revenue for J|ie City from them that we
do from the gambling games, where men
drop nickels in the hope of winning cigars,
candies and the like. < .•"-,'. -.
"1 have known numerous instances
where the arrangement now in use has
worked more like a swindle than anything
else. A few days ago I wanted to call up
a friend of mine— a merchant who has
always had a telephone— and after getting
the word from central to drop a nickel,
waited for my call. When it did not come
after considerable delay I called up central
again, and was politely told that the party
had not answered, and that I must drop a
second nickel if I wanted them rung up a
second time.
"A lady told me yesterday that after she
had drooped a nickel in one of the boxes
for a call she had been told that the party
she bad asked for bad had his telephone
taken out a month before. Later she met
the gentleman on the street, and learned
that his telephone was still in his house.
If that does not constitute a swindle I
don't know what it is. If it is not that it
is a game of chance, for you certainly take
your chances in dropping your nickels, ex
pecting to get what you pay for. I move
that the order be passed to print."
An amendment providing that the ordsr
be sent to tne License and Order Commit
tee was accepted, and a report will be ren
dered at the next meeting of the board.
After taking six fruitless ballots to try
to arrive at some conclusion regarding
who shall receive the contract for super
vising the erection of the new municipal
building the board, by a vote of 7 to 5,
laid the matter over for four months,
within which time it is expected that a
majority of the members can combine on
some one architect. The first, second and
third ballots resulted similarly to those of
the past few weeks, Shea A Shea receiving
six votes, W. 0. Banks five and Mooser &
Mooser one.
Then the Banks men varied their pro
gramme by voting for Smith and Freeman
and any others that came to their mind
until it became evident that a choice would
not be made.
After the sixth ballot Supervisor Spreck
els moved that the matter be postponed
for four months and, apparently to the
surpise of all, the motion carried.
Supervisor Morgenstern, chairman of
the Committee on Water and Water
Supply, stated that the time for visiting
the lakes at Castroville, Monterey County,
with a view to purchasing the water rights
and piping the supply into this City had
been fixed for Saturday next.
CITY IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Summary of the Street
Work Before the Super
v visors.
The street business which engaged the
Board of. Supervisors yesterday and is
now before that body is as follows in de
tail: -.3-333 * .
RESOLUTIONS OF AWARD OF STREET WORK.
Broderick, Lombard to Chestnut— red
wood curbs, macadam, plank sidewalks.
Brodertok and Chestnut crossing— Grading, red
wood curbs, macadam, plank sidewalks. -
*<\ ebiter, Francisco to Bay— Macadamizing, red
wood curbs, plank sidewalks.
Webster and Bay crossing— Macadamizing, red
wood curbs, plank sidewalks.
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Bitumen.
Union, Dupont to Kearny — Cobbles, granite
curbs.
Van Ness avenue, Union to Green— Bitumen,
granite curbs.
Page, Cole to Shrader— Stone sidewalk, granite
curbs. .
Tenth and Folsom, northwest corner— Stone side
walk.
Railroad avenue.Second to Eighteenth avenues-
Plank sidewalks.
Union, Van Ness to Polk— Patent stone side
walks. :■. -■- -~7:
Valencia, Sixteenth to Seventeenth—
stone sidewalks.
Waller, north side, Devisadero to Broderick—
Stone sidewalk.
Waller, Scott to Devisadero, south side— Stone
sidewalks.
Dorlund, Dolores to Church— l2-Inch Iron
stone pipe sewer, etc.
Clement and Thirteenth and crossing—B
-inch Ironstone pipe sewer, eta, corners, granite
curbs, plank sidewalks.
STREET WORK ORDERED.
Twenty-first, Florida to Alabama— Plank side
walks.
Palmer, Fairmount to Whitney — 12-Inch
ironstone pipe sewer, „
Lyon, Turk to Golden Gate, east side— Stone
sidewalks.
k Church, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Granite
curbs, basalt block gutterways, bitumen.
Camp, Guerrero to Albion avenue— Basalt block
gutterways, bitumen.
Colliugwood, Seventeenth to Eighteenth—Gran
ite curbs, basalt gutterways, bitumen-
Church, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Granite curbs,
basalt gutterways, bitumen.
Clinton Park, Valencia to Stevenson— Graded to
official line.
Chestnut, Larkln to Polk— Graded to official line.
STREET WORK TO BE ORDERED.
Fillmore, Broadway to Vallejo— Granite curbs,
stone sidewalks, cobble pavement.
Fillmore. Vallejo to Green-Stone sidewalks,
granite curbs, cobbles. .- .-. '.-- .
Rhode island, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Graded, 10-inch Ironstone pipe sewer.
Treat avenue. Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
Granite curbs, bitumen.
Twenty-first, Folsom to Harrison— curbs,
bitumen.
Twentieth, Howard to Folsom— Granite curbs,
bitumen.
Be Haro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third —
Graded.
De Haro to Twenty-third— Graded.
Twenty-third, De Haro to Rhode Island— Graded.
Clipper, Castro to D aoiond— Plank sidewalks.
Alameda. Potrero avenue to Utah— Graded.
Twenty-eighth, Guerrero to Dolores— Plank side
walks.
Pierce, Golden Gate avenue to Tune— Stone side
walks.
Pierce, Turk to Eddy— Stone sidewalks.
Pierce, Eddy to Hills, west side— Stone side
walks.
Pierce, Ellis to O'Farrell, west side— Stone side
wa ks.
laves, Steiner to Pierce, scuth side— Stone side
walks.
Scott, Oak to Fell, east side— Stone sidewalks.
Guerrero, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Stone side
walks.
Fifth, Shipley, 25 feet northwest— Stone side
walks. .
Twentieth, Howard to Shotwell— lo-lnch pipe
sewer.
Frtelon, Fourth to Fifth— Bitumen sidewalk.
Brannan. Fourth to Fifth— Bitnmen sidewalk.
Page, Central to Masonic— Stone sidewalk.
Treat avenue. Twentieth to Twenty-first—Gran
ite curbs, bitumen.
Elgin Park avenue, Hermann to Thli teenth—
Stone sidewalks.
Guerrero, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— curbs,
bitumen.
De Haro, Twenty-third, northerly 400 feet—B
-inch Ironstone pipe sewer.
PROPOSALS BEADVERTISED.
City Hall avenue, McAllister to Larkin—Artifi
cial stone sidewalks on south side.
RESOLUTION REPEALED.
Bay, Leavenworth to Jones— pave with
cobbles. ' y■ -- .: r.yf' '
RELEASE OF CONTRACT.
Guerrero. Fourteenth to Fifteenth— pave with
bitumen; Pacific Improvement Company.
-, 'i~3 RESOLUTIONS. ' -'* -"'
Corbett road, Douglass street to Clara— City At
torney to intervene in Joost's 'action against
grading.
Ocean avenue, Ingleside to Boulevard— En
gineer to make surveys.
Brazil. Amazon, Persia, Russia avenues, Mission
street to Pari i— City Engineer to furnish Street
Department with estimate of amount of grading.
Mission blocks 13 and 14— City Engineer to
make surveys and establish grades on surrounding
streets. . «
Bindley, Fall-mount to Castro— City Engineer to
make surveys and establish grades.
Chelsea place, Bush street south— City Engineer
to make surveys and grades.
Larkln, Laguna, Lombard and the bay—
Engineer to survey and make grades.
Filbert, Hyde to Leavenworth— Street Superin
tendent to lake lion on paving with cobbles.
De Haro and Twenty-third— To build 8-inch pipe
sewer.
Elizabeth, Castro to Noe and Noe to Sanchez— To
lay stone sidewalks.
stanvan. Cole and Clayton— To construct stone
sidewalks.; . 1 :. ;
EXTENSIONS AND CONTRACTS.
Seventeenth, Kansas to Vermont— 3o days.
bard, Folk to Lyon— 6o days
Thirteenth, Castro to Sco t— 6o days. "
Van Ness, Union to Bay— 6o days.
Broderick, deary to Post— 6o days.
( asselli avenue, Falcon to Danvers— 3o days.
Eighteenth and Solano crossing— 3o days.
Brannan, Ninth to Division— 3o days.
ACCEPTANCES.
Centra! avenue, Jackson to Pacific— Bitumen.
Devisadero, Jackson to Pacific— Cobbles.
Masonic, Haight to Waller— Bitumen.
Pine, Devisadero to Broderick— Bitumen.
Shotwell, Iweuty-fourth to Twenty-fifth—Bitu
men.
Sacramento, Laurel to Spruee — Bitumen.
Sacramento, Spruce to Maple— Bitumen.
Union. Scott to Bevisadero— Bitumen.
Fillmore and Hayes crossing— Bitumen.
Sacramento and Maple crossing— Bftumen.
Sacramento and Locust crossing—
AUTHORIZATIONS.
District south of Golden Gate Park— **"2ooo to
Charles 8. Tllton, first payment, for running lines
and levels, establishing marks, etc.
Charles and French streets— ss6oo for a bridge
to Haley & Tlbbitts.
PROTESTS— REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Noe, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— paving.
Second, Folsom to Harrison— Bituminous side
walks.
Harrison, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Basalt.
Chestnut and Polk crossing— Grading and paving.
Chestnut, Polk to Larkin— .
Twentieth, Folsom to Shotwell—
Church, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— sewer.
Stanyan, Waller to Beulah— stone sidewalks.
sprinkling— Against expending public money
for.
Guerrero, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Stone side
walks :*.':3--'
Union, Sl einer and Pierce— Stone sidewalks (In
favor and of stopping proceedings for a month).
Brazil avenue, Mission to Paris— Against award
ing contract.
„ Page, Lyon to Central avenue— Having.
PETITIONS— REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Thirteenth, Sanchez to Noe— Sidewalks.
Holly l'aik — For surrounding wall.
Mission, 'ieiith to Eleyentu, south side—Side
walks.
Lafayette Park— For extension of sixty days on
trading coutr.ict.
Fifteenth avenue, Point Lobos to Tacoma—Re
quiring removal of sand from sidewalks and erec
tion of bulkhead.
Turk, through Jefferson square —To remove
trees to permit of improvements and to grade each
side.
shotwell, Seventeenth to Eighteenth — Stone
sidewalks.
Hayes. Scott to Devisadero— Stone sidewalks.
Second, Third. Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, King, etc.—
Laving larger water mains. •
Bay, Jones to Leavenworth — Paving . basalt
blocks.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Corbett road — From
assessment for pipe.
Bonita street— For delay of 80 days ln establish
ing grades.
Maple, California to Sacramento— That bids for
paving be rejected unopened. (In faror of).
Van Ness avenue, Lombard to Bay— Opening
and grading.
Sanchez, Army to Twenty- ninth— Wooden side
walks.
Lafayette Park— Alterations to leave summit
with spring Valley reservoir, as at present.
Noe, Fifteenth to Beaver— Street lamp.
I Liberty and Sanchez— Extension of 120 days on
grading contract.
Brannan, Ninth to Extension ot 40
days on paving.
Referred to Fire Department Committee:
Richmond District— Fire engine and fire alarm
boxes. ;-? * - ;- r '.--". **./ ;',
RECOMMENDED BT SUPERINTENDENT OF
STREETS.
Washington. First avenue to Clay—Construc
tion of sewer will abate nuisance at crossing.
Baker, Tonquln to Lewis— sidewalks, mac
adamizing. ■ ■
Guerrero, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Granite
curbs, bitumen.
Stanyan, Frederick to Carl— Stone sidewalks, 5
feet wide.
Stanyan, Carl and Parnassus— Stone sidewalks,
5 feet. :.i7<7 7
Stanyan, Parnassus to Seventeenth— Stone side
walks, 5 feet. wv-'-. •■:..--■-
Stanyan, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Stone
sidewalks, 5 feet.
Carl, Halght to Waller— Stono sidewalks, 6 feet.
Cole, Waller to Frederick— Stone sidewalks, 5
feet. v/,V;-,"v . .
Cole, Frederick to Carl— Stone sidewalks, 5 feet.
Clayton, Haight to Waller— Stone sidewalks, 5
feet.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick— sidewalks,
5 feet.
, Romaine, Corbett to Douglass— Graded, redwood
curbs and macadamized. .
Spear, Market to Mission— Bxs feet brick sewer.
* Sixth avenue, Point Lobos to A— Bituminous
rock sidewalks-. 3 feet wide.
Sixth avenue, between A, B, C and Fulton
Bituminous rock sidewalks, *' feet wide.
Pacific and Hyde, northwesterly corner— Stone
sidewalk.
Sheridan and Ninth, northwesterly corner— Stone
sidewalk.
Webster, Golden Gate to McAllister, east side-
Stone sidewalk.
Golaen Gate avenue, Fillmore to Steiner, north
side— Stone sidewalks.
Fillmore, Golden Gate to Turk, west side— Stone
sidewalk.
Golden Gate, Webster to Fillmore, north side—'
stone sidewalk.
■ Larkin, Myrtle to Geary, west side— Stone side
walk. ;.'•
Poik, Cedar to Geary, west side— Stone sidewalk.
Hermann, Laguna and Market Intersection—lo
-inch ironstone pipe sewer.
Grove, *-cott to Devisadero— A 10-inch iron stone
pipe sewer.
' ' TO READVERTI9E FOR PROPOSALS. '. ' '
McAllister, Parker west 25 feet— Stone sidewalk.
Union, 821/2 feet west from Taylor— Stone side-
Duncan, Church to Sanchez-Plank sidewalks.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME.
Kansas, Sixteenth to Seventeenth.
Kansas, and Sixteenth and Seventeenth cross
ing— 3o days on sewer, etc., contract.
Fifteenth avenue, M to Railroad avenue.
Scott, Hayes to Orove-15 days on sewer con
-\ south, Fifteenth avenue to Nineteenth avenue
—90 days on grading contract.
COMMUNICATION'S.
Van Ness avenue, Lombard to the From
Colonel A. S. Kimball, recommending that grades
be established. Referred to Street Committee.
Folsom, Second to Nineteenth— From Market
street company. . Work to commence ADril 27 of
reconstructing railroad.
Lyon, southerly from Filbert— From City Engi
neer, stating it will be necessary to make surveys
and profiles to determine grades. .3 ,*
Lundys lane. Esmeralda avenue northerly—
From City Engineer, recommending the establish
ment of certain grades.
•lowest BIDS.
R street. Seventh avenne to Eighth— Macadam
5"-*. cents, sidewalks 2% cents, gutterways 5 8-10
cents, sewer 40 cents, curb 11 cents, manholes $30.
M south, Twelfth avenue to Thirteenth— Grading
10 cents, macadam » cents, sewer 59 cents, curb
12 cents, manhole $30..
Cherry, Sacramento to Clay— Paving 19 cents,
curb 45 cents. *'-"-. ■"-*:"'. "*" .„
Laurel, Sacramento to California— 19
cents, curb 45 cents. >-. - :,: ■»-_■■•'■"•
Maple, California to Sacramento—
Walnut, Sacramento to Clay— Bitumen 19 cents,
curb 45 cents.
Willow avenue, Gough to Octavia— Bitumen
19% cents, curb 45 cents. _*■*■'
Hermann and Elgin Park— Water Inlet, 59.
Hermann and Laguna— Water inlet, $6**.
Market and Buchanan— Water inlet, $9 1 60.
Market, opposite Church— Water inlet. $97 50.
Church and Sanchez— Water inlet, $97 60.
Dolores and Fourteenth— Water inlet. $97 60.
Market and Guerrero— Water Inlet, $55.
Market and Hermann— Water inlet. $97 60.
Corners and Pearl— Water Inlet, $6*".
Market and Pearl— Water inlet, $73.
Market and Reservoir— Water inlet, $97 60.
Market and Thirteenth— Water inlet, $97 50.
Market and Valencia— Water inlet, $73.
Waller and Octavia— Water inlet, $55.
Bryant, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Sewer, 70
cents : manhole each, $25. *
M and Twelfth avenue South, crossing—Grad
ing, 11% cents: macadam, 3 cents: sewer, 73
cents: corner complete, 45 cents; manhole each,
$30 50.
Street Committee Report.
Recommended for acceptance:
Central avenue, Jackson to Bitumen.
Devisadero.'Jackson to Pacific—
Masonic avenue, Halght to Waller— Bitumen.
Pine, Devisadero to Broderick— Bitumen.
Shotwell, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth—Bitu
men.
Sacramento, Laurel to Locust— Bitumen.
Sacramento. Spruce to Maple — Bitumen.
Union, Scott to Devisadero— Bitumen.
Fillmore to Hayes, crossing— Bitumen.
Sacramento to Maple, crossing— Bitumen.
Sacramento to Locust, crossing— Bitumen.
Recommending contracts be awarded for street
work Bids received April 20, except for regrad
ing Twenty-fourth avenue, A to C, and grading
Twenty-first, Castro to Diamond.
In favor of awarding to John Kelso contract to
macadamize, etc., Baker. Lombard to beach
Recommending contract paving with bitumen
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero, to A. J. Ralsch.
In favor of protest of Real Estate and Develop
ment Company against sewer In De Haro, Twenty
second to Twenty-third, and substituting sewer In
De Jlaro, Twenty-third northerly 466 feet.
Laidley, Fairmount to Castro, establishing
grades— ln favor of referring to City Engineer.
Chelsea, Bush southerly— ln favor of referring to
City Engineer.
Mission, blocks 13 and 14, sewers and establish
ing grades— ln favor of referring to City Engineer.
Larkln, Lacuna, and Lombard and the bay, dis
trict, bounded by— in favor of directing City En
gineer to prepare a system of sewers.
Brazil, Amazon, Persia and Russia avenues, Mis
sion to Paris— ln favor of requesting City Engineer
to make estimates for amount of grading.
Corbett avenue, Douglass and Clarendon— ln
favor of directing City Attorney to Intervene ln
action of Behrend Joost enjoining contractor from
grading.
San Miguel and Thirty-fourth— Construction of
steel bridge over Southern Pacific Railroad: in
favor of providing for in levy of next fiscal year,
not to exceed $12,000.
Jackson, opposite Pierce— In favor of designating
Site for United States coast survey observatory.
Brannan, Ninth to Division— ln favor of granting
extension of time for paving contract.
RECOMMENDED FOB PAVINS.
Eighteenth, Dolores to Noe— Bitumen.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Bitumen.
Webster. Feli to Oak— Bitumen.
Page, Webster to Fillmore— Bitumen.
Noe, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Bitumen.
Caledonia, Fifteenth to sixteenth— Bitnmen.
3:;.-3.-; petitions.
People's Mutual Telophone Company, for a
franchise to operate telephone and telegraph
lines— ln favor of passage of order submitted by
company and of advertising for proposals therein
as required by law.
Lotta's fountain, painting— ln favor of fence to
remain thirty days.
De Haro and Twenty-third, sewers, sidewalks,
etc.— ln favor of shopping further proceedings un
til stree s are graded. -7,
conn avenue, Ingleside to Ocean boulevard—
favor of directing City Engineer to make surveys
and give lines of said avenue.
btanyan. Halght to Eighteenth; Cole, Halght to
Carl; Clayton, Halstht to Frederick, stone side
walks—ln favor of reconsidering action In recom
mending construction of bitumen walks.
Elizabeth, Castro to Noe— Wooden or cement
sidewalks on south side, and Elizabeth, Noe to
Sanchez on both sides— ln favor of referring to
Superintendent of Streets to recommend patent
stone.
Seventeenth, Douglass and Diamond— ln favor
of bitumen sidewalk front 67-foot lot.
Filbert, Leavenworth to Hyde —In favor of
paving with cobbles.
Seventh, King to Berry— favor of sidewalk
with brick foundation.
Railroad avenue, Eighteenth avenne to San
Bruno south— ln favor of grading, macadamizing,
etc.
Guerrero. Fourteenth to Fifteenth— ln favor of
release from paving contract and starting ln reso
lution of intention the work of paving.
"Maple, California to Sacramento— ln favor of re
jecting paving bids unopened.
protests favored.
Union, Steiner to Pierce— Against stone side
walks. ,
A street and Eighth avenue— Crossing, sewer,
etc
Seventh and Eighth avenue— Crossing, sewer,
etc.
Twenty-third, Kansas to Rhode Island—
walks.
Twenty-third, Rhode Island to De Haro— Sewers,
etc.
Twenty-third and De Haro— Crossing, sewers,
etc.
De Haro, Twenty- secona to Twenty-third—
Sewers. • . -.
De Haro, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth—
Sewers.
Bay. west Jones— Cobbles and In favor of start
ing paving with basalt blocks.
Union, Pierce to Scott— Stone sidewalk.
San <arlos avenue.|hlghtetn:h to Sycamore-
Manner of laying bituminous pavement.
PROTESTS and PETITIONS reported ad-
VERSKI.Y.
Howard, Eighth to Ninth— Release from con
tract to lay artificial stone sidewalks.
Valencia, Sixteenth and Seventeenth— Stone
stdewnlk opposite premises of Mrs. Duffy.
Seventh avenue, X to L Grading.
Church, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Paving.
PLACED ON FILE.
' Market, East to Seventh— Against paving with
bitumen; protest {filed by the Draymen's and
Teamsters' Union.
Castro, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Paving.
Fillmore— Halght to Page— Paving.
Harrison— Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Paving
Linden avenue, Franklin and Gough— Paving?
Pamphlet of street-sweeping changes recom
mended by Merchants' Association April 23.
Bemis, san Miguel to Mateo— Grading, sewering,
macadamizing, etc. .. .
Fourteenth, church and Sanchez—lmprove
ment. . .
DATES FOB APPEALS.
Pine, Devisadero to Broderick— May 4.
Jefferson and Broderick— Crossing, May 4 at 3
P. M.
NEW TO-DAY.
Sign Painting Taught.
415 Market St.
EVENING CLASSES.
v*T7?H rt *?_!?H? alarB ' call or -duress M.
NICHOLSON.
PHILIP S. FAY,
Artificial Stonework, Bituminous Pa vine
• ?v . . Sidewalks, Driveways, Cellars, Etc.
V«ri 2 8 w ? SOME STREET. ROOM 2.
Yard-3. W. corner Harrison and Eighth Streets.
D £ D COMPOSITION AND
r ' g "' GRAVEL ROOFING.
Parafflne Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING CO.
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
Coal Tar, Asphalt, Roofing and Favlng
Pitch, Roof Paints, Roofing Felt.
thot'tiS^ and » Gr .-"*el Roofs as put on by us are
the standard **,'" bus! ness buildings in the
The
PAR BUILDING
n <* P*. PAPER. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
JOHN E. MILLAR. THOS. B. SIMPSON,
MM*^l-MUil,§SKggS_l
Branch Office, NW.cor. McAllister and Larkin.
i t ol Ly,„ 535 ,£^ FORNIA STREET.
[ Telephone 1932. Ban Francisco
3?3v NEW TO-DAY.
mTsteTn,
Successor to SWAN & STEIN,
House and Sign Painting
Papering, Etc.
AT THE OLD STAND... -
759 MARKET ST. 759
Opposite Phelan Building.
TELEPHONE MAIN 373.
ONLY FIRST-CLASS WORK.
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DTJTARD *1 2 J- W. MCDONALD, Pres
C. B. STONE 2 W. E. DEN* Sec
T. B. BISHOP \ " COL. J. H. EX DELL.
J.W. MCDONALD | m Corps of Engineers, U.S. A
E.DENN'ISOXJQ (Retired),
COXSL-LTINO EjSSINBItR.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cal., All Kinds of Street
and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITDMEM MINES, ggjgg Jettlea and
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins, 3. S. Severance,
N. T. Smith.
A. C. Bassett President
J. H. Swift Vice-President
F. C. Lewis Secretary
PACIFIC PAfßfi COMPANY
(Incorporated 1S87),
GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
Santa Cruz and San Luis Obispo Bitu-
minous Rock For Sale in Any Quantity.
OFFICE-Rooms fOO and 108 Phelan
Building. Telephone— Main 656.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete aDd Art Stone Work.
crushed TRAP rock
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE-316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main Sill.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER STS.,
Telephone west 14.
WARREN & HI ALLEY,
OFFICES':
232 Montgomery St. TAYTD l_"'TAD_
Telephone, Main 120-i. VVil llt .1 I 1 Vil
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 16L
Bay and Laguna sts.
Telephone, West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
SHINGLE^ STAIN.
Dexter Bros.' English Shingle Stains have proved
a very superior article for general use, not only for
preserving and beautifying shingles, but for all
outside work. This stain is a real preservative and
will not fade or grow dingy, but, on the contrary,
increases In brightness with age. It does not
scale, blister or peel off.
SMITH & YOUNG, Agents,
y<77. 723 Market Street.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRETE >T3i
OMPANY. Ss^
Artificial Stone Pavements, Foundations
Cellar Floors, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
mental Work.
14 POST ST. Telephone Main 110.
CUSHING-WETMORE
, COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ARTIFICIAL STOKE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
"508 California" st., room 9.
GEORGE GOODMAN,
PATENTEE AND MANUFACTURER OF
ARTIFICIAL STONE
IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.
OFFICE--307 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEVADA BLOCK.
ALVA B. CLUTE, C. a HARNEY,
President. Vlce-Pres. and Manage*.
Union Paving and Contracting Go.,
308 MONTGOMERY ST. '-3V;
JOHN TUTTLE,
CONTRACTOR,
Telephone West 583. 518 Haight St
CITY LOTS SURVEYED.
SMITH, SOULE & STAHLE,
418 California Street. V
R. FLAHERTY,
ASPHALTUM-WORKER
Pure Crude Asphaltum For Sale.
35 POST STREET.
SHEA & SHEA,
ARCHITECTS,
;_.*.;*: >.-,.;-, " . ■ :'-.
Telephone 911. 26 Montgomery St.
N. CLARK & SONS,
MANUFACTURERS ANB» DEALERS IN *
fIKWiraDDEi. pipe.
Tel. Main 771. Offlce— l7 and 19 Spear St.
ALSEN'S
PORTLAND CEMENT. 3 3
Strongest, Finest Ground and Most Uniform
Cement made in the world. Largest Works and
Greatest Production.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., Agts.,
327-329 Market St.. S. F.
FLINN & TREACV.
ART -• STONE « SIDEWALKS -- AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
SOI MONTQOMBRY ST.YORKE TAKES UP
RUSSELL'S WORDS.
A Prelude Devoted to the
Clerical Good-Citizen
ship Speaker.
BARELY STANDING ROOM
The Audience Filled Every
Available Seat and Foot
of Floor Space.
OLD STORIES ARE DENOUNCED.
Thunders of Applause Frequently In
terrupt the Eloquent Chance'.
lor's Words.
If the attendance at the lectures of Father
Yorke increases for the last two of the se
ries of five as it has for the first three Met
ropolitan Hall will prove altogether inad
equate to accommodate the admirers of
the eloquent champion of Catholicism.
He delivered the third of his discourses
on "Civil and Religious Liberty" under
the auspices of the American Women's
Liberal League last night, and long before
the exercises began every seat in the house
was occupied, and there was a deep fringe
of ladies and gentlemen at the back and
along the aisles of both gallery and audi
torium.
Father Yorke's entry upon the platform
from the anteroom back of the stage was
the signal for a veritable storm of cheers
and hand-clapping.
Henry E. Hiphton acted as chairman.
After Miss Marie Georgians had ren
dered an organ voluntary, Harry Diemans
sang "Song of the Holy City" iv a very
creditable manner. r
Chairman Highton then spoke as fol
lows:
"Before you reach the great event of
this evening I have a very few words to
say to you myself. In accepting the invi
tation to appear at this meeting I wish to
be extremely brief and explicit. The Amer
ican Women's Liberal League is organized
for the purpose of protecting religious
freedom. Their object meets with my
heartiest indorsement. My religious
opinions are my own. They should not
be interfered with by any one. lam first
and all an American*. This country may
have been discovered by the Norsemen,
but it was developed and peopled under
the pressure oi religious zeal.
"But for such influences New England,
the region of the great lakes, the sources
of the Mississippi and the vast chain of
States wuich connects the Atlantic with
the Pacific would never have been settled
and developed." 3y
He referred to the establishment Of this
Government as being the first genuine re
public dedicated to religious freedom and
equality. "It was dedicated," he con
tinued, "not to Protestants nor to Catho
lics, nor to Gentile or Jew, but to all
alike. It was not. however, dedicated to
paganism or atheism." After a tew words
of unstinted praise for the speaker of the
evening he introduced Father Yorke, who,
as he came forward, received an ovation.
He began thus:
"There is no reason that I should add
anything to the eloquent words the Hon.
H. E. Highton has addressed to yon. It
was not necessary for aim or any true
American citizen to express accord with
the American Women's Liberal League.
Such an expression should be taken' for
granted. He is one of the few men, how
ever, who dares to come forward in de
fense of the constitution of the United
Mates. " { * ;
"Now, if the audience will indulge me I
■would like to indulge in a little prelude
before entering upon my lecture proper.
"As the astronomers watch the sky and
see one star after another swim into the
field of vision and then out again, so have
we seen the stars of this organization
which holds forth each Sunday in this hall
pass before us and then disappear.
"In the papers of to-day — in all three of
them we are assured that yesterday a
star of unusual magnitude shed its efful
gence on the audience. His words were
reported in all three papers so as to show
the very meanness and malice of them,
is! as he uttered them, and one of these
papers will not allow us to say a word in
our defense. * ' •-.- '■*- 7
"I notice that the Rev. A. M. Russell,
who, if he were not christened Ananias
for '.is first name should have been, de
livered a lecture on the surprising subject,
'The .l. P. A.'s; the best friends the
Catholics have.' Not only did he deliver
a lecture on the subject, but went so far as
to say: 'I am serious about this' [laugh
ter]. He said: 'I say in perfect .sincerity
the principles of the A. P. A. are better
calculated to strengthen their institutions
than anything else.'
"The principles of the A. P. A. are not
calculated to strengthen anything but
what thrives on mendacity, but its work
ings have undoubtedly strengthened the
Catholic church. It has done so because
'the American people is a just people and
hates wrong. And when they see any
body of men or any institution assailed by
slander and by calumny, then that insti
tution becomes dearer to them and stronger
than ever before.
" 'I say this,' goes on the Rev. Ananias
M. Russell, 'because we are working for
the enlightenment of the Catholics.'
'The men who cannot write an ordinary
letter without misspelling every other
word— the devotees of the little red school
house—the little-read patriots— these are
the men who are, out of their own dark
ness, to enlighten the Catholics of this
community.
" 'They do not know their own history,
except as they get it from Father Yorke,
and such vile sheets as the Monitor,' " ad
Father Yorke, with a grim smile, quoting
from a clipping of yesterday's Call, and
then he commented as follows:
* "We have been getting history, not from
Father Yorxe and not from the Monitor.;
we have been getting it from this platform.
We have heard how the Irish deserted in
the Civil war; we have heard how the
Jesuits killed Lincoln; we have almost
entered into the secret manufactory of
history, and we ought to be very thankful,
when the history which tbos-i men would
stuff down our throats was put to a fair
discussion, to know which history came
out of the crucible. In the hundreds of
arguments and in the hundreds of facts
which had to be brought forward in the
late controversy, there was not one from
our side which could be called into ques
tion. And from the other side we see the
panes of glass shattered in their historical
windows, until there was not one left to
keep out the cold winds of a very cold day.,
" 'Any intelligent man knows that these
are falsifying,' " read Father Yorke. again
resorting to his Call clipping. Then he
asked:
'- "Were we falsifying when we said that
the leader of this society of bigots was not
a naturalized citizen? Were we falsifying
when we produced the oath by which they
swore to undo tho constitution and when
we challenged them to go before a notary
public and swear that it was not true;
when we showed that the members who
speak on the stage were men without char
acter in public or private life? And I
would not be. falsifying," continued the
speaker, "if I were to anticipate the time
when we shall drag ihem out from their
hiding places; when we shall show them
even where they are now, with their hands
at each other's throats; when we show you
these trusted patriots running to sell their
secrets.
"And thus goes on this Rev. Ananias
Russell. But I am sorry to bee he is a
Baptist preacher. We must remember,
ladies and gentlemen, that one of the first
of men to proclaim religious freedom in
this country was Roger Williams.
"One of the first in the New World,
after the noble Lord Baltimore, to pro
claim religious llbertv in these United
States was Roger Williams, a Baptist min
ister. How this great and good preacher
would blush were he alive to-day and
could see this unworthy descendant, the
Rev. A. Iff. Russell. You know of his
calumnies, and what they are worth.
"It is alleged by this individual that we
Catholics are led by the nose by the
priests. It makes no difference that
we are as free and loyal as any. It
has no weight with him that Catholics
resent any interference in theirprivate and
Political "affairs by either priest or parson.
He says we are slaves, and slaves forsooth
we must be." 3
The Reverend Chancellor then read with
sparkling comments The Call's report of
Mr. Russell's anti-Catholic lecture. At
frequent intervals he was interrupted by
bursts of applause. Ail levity, however,
was left aside when the subject of paying
for the forgiveness of sins was mentioned.
"Think of it, ladies and gentlemen, in
this nineteenth century, in this City of
San Francisco, we have to hear rehashed
an ancient calumny which reputable con
troversialists long ago abandoned to the
babbling polemics of old women, and
When tho Steam Schooner Point Arena Was Backing Out From the Wharf at Point Arena She Picked Up the Mooring
Line of the Steamer Whitesboro in Her Propeller. This Disabled Her and She Went on the Rocks. After Having Been
Towed to San Francisco She Was Put on the Drydock Yesterday. This Engraving Shows the Stern of the Vessel and
the -Mooring Line That Did All the Damage. -
which old women of sense have turned ]
over to the Rev. A. 11. Russell.
"And now, in the face of this atrocious
falsehood, weighing well the meaning of
my words, I stand before you to-night and
brand this Russell as a liar." [Great ap
plause.]
"I know that the word is not a refined
one. We do not often hear it in good so- |
ciety. But when we are forced to meet j
mountebanks like this false minister of the
Gospel we are not in good society, and it is
hard to lay down rules of etiquette for
sucn a strange encounter.
"The first one known to have been put
to death on account of his religious opin- |
ions was Priscilian, in Spain. He was con- I
aemned by a Spanish ecclesiastical coun
cil for publishing his doctrines, which were
immoral, to say the least. Priscilian ap- j
pealed to the Emperor of Rome, who j
responded by ordering his head cut off. j
The Emperor and the executioner were
both Christians, but St. Ambrose of Milan
and St. Martin of Touro raised their voices
in urgent protest. Bo forcible were their |
words that since that day we have no
record of any judicial condemnation to
death of any one on account of his re
ligious opinions.
"We have heard much of late regarding
St. Thomas Aquinas. He is said to have
had a special liking for roast heretic, and
to have enjoyed nothing better than
heterodoxy when it was broiled. Yet
this sanguinary saint was one of those
who protested most earnestly against the
baptizing by stealth of Jewish infants.
This was in" the thirteenth century, yet
how many proselytizers of our day would
give their very eyes in order to entice
some little Papist child into their con
venticles and make a bad Protestant of
him. In St. Thomas' day heresy was not
organized, and was in fact almost un
known except by name. But he lays down
the principle that followers of all false re
ligions, so long as they do not interfere
with the dominant faith, are entitled to
the protection of the civil law. .Vr 7
" After some centuries, however, we com
mence to meet with heretics. These were
m- n and women born of Catholic parents,
who had adopted views at variance with
the Catholic faith. Not alone did they
entertain these views, but they endeavored
to promulgate them. Much persuasion,
restraint and preaching were employed by
the clergy to reduce these people to sub
mission to their ancient faith, but no vio
lent measures were used or advocated, nor
was the aid of the civil power invoked."
The Inquisition, the Chancellor contin
ued, was originally established by author
ity of Pope bixtus IV for the regulation of
the conduct of converted Jews. But there
was so much cruelty in the methods of
the first inquisitors that the Pope severely
censured the tribunal.
"In the reign of Phillip II the doctrines
of Luther began to be heard of in Spain,"
continued the lecturer. "The Inquisition,
now in good order with all in authority,
took the heretics in band. We hear it
said that 200,000 or 300,000 persons were
burned alive for conscience s sake. The
only authority to whom any one can now
appeal for figures and names as to the In
quisition's victims is Llorente, a priest
faithless to his vows, who was once secre
tary of that tribunal. He fled' to France
for political reasons, taking the records of
the Inquisition with him. There he pub
lished his history, and in order to avoid
having his assertions callea into question
burned the records forthwith." '■"
Father Yorke then proceeded to compare
Llorente's highly-colored history of the
Inquisition with authentic records of tho
reign of Henry VHI and Elizabeth in Eng
land, in order to prove that these two brief
epochs far surpassed in sanguinary perse
cutions all the 350 years of the Inqiisition's
existence. The Huguenots in France were
also noticed.
"When the cruel Italian Queen gave the
signal for the massacre of the Hueuenots
in order to bring about her own political
ends, priests received the fugitives into
their houses, and bishops were known to
conceal fleeing heretics under the high al
tars of their cathedrals. Not all, nor nearly
all, the Catholics of those days approvea
the war being waged upon the hapless
Protestants.
—"■lt is a good thing for us to remember
i hat the days of persecution, whether
waged by Catholic or Protestant, are past
and gone. We have come here to-night to
think over these dark days and to resolve
to work; for the dawning of a new era in
which hatred and ill-will shall give way
to the sweet empire of brotherly love."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Damage to the Steamer Point
Arena Not as Great as
Expected.
KEEL AND RUDDER-POST GONE.
The Trial Trip of the New Steam
Schooner Kadiak a Genuine
Success.
The steam schooner Point Arena made
a more interesting picture yesterday than
during the whole course of her life. She
was on the merchants' drydock and men
were busy boring holes in the hull
to allow the water in the hold to escape.
Around the propeller was coiled the moor
ing line of the Whitesboro and about a
hundred yards of the rope bad to be coiled
up after the vessel was docked.
The Point Arena did not show any out
ward signs of her encounter with the rocks
at Point Arena. The keel was gone, but
contrary to the reports of the divers there
were no holes in her bottom. The rud
der post was gone and new steering gear
will have to be put in. The bulwarks were
damaged and new standing rigging will
also be required. The deck-houses have
been started and repairs on them will be
necessary. In the engine-room some of
the pipes were broken and the machinery
will have to be overhauled. As matters
stood, however, both the underwriters and
owners got off very lucky as the repairs
will not cost over $5000.
The Point Arena was at Point Arena un
loading her cargo last Wednesday week.
After completing the work she backed out.
The steamer Whitesboro was moored to a
I buoy, and the steam schooner got foul of
her lines. In consequence she was dis
j abled and drifted on the rocks. The
Whitesboro had steam up and went to her
; assistance, ana with her help the disabled
vessel got off. Soon after the South
Coast hove in sight, and her captain
agreed to tow the Point Arena to San
I Francisco for $250 a day. The task was
accomplished and the steam schooner was
turned over to Captain Whitelaw, the
wrecker. After many delays he pot her
on an even keel and pumped her out.
Yesteraay she was docked.
James Riley, a fireman of the steamer
Santa Rosa, was picked up in the bay yes
terday by Charles Kinelcy. The "latter
noticed the body floating in the l'rannan
street slip, and after calling Officer Whit
tle got into a boat and brought the body
ashore. There was still life in it and the
ambulance was called for. Riley was taken
to the Receiving Hospital and is still lying
there in a precarious condition.
The Reliance and Alert had a tug-of-war
yesterday. The former had been fitted
with a new patent propeller, from which
great things were expected. In the test,
however, the Alert easily pulled the Reli
ance over the line, and John D. Spreckels,
who witnessed the test, at once ordered
the old propeller back into the Reliance.
The new steamer Kadiak, that was built
by Hay & Wright in twenty-three days,
had her trial trip in the bay yesterday, It
proved to be a genuine success, the vessel
averaging 11 "U knots an hour with and
against the tide. Among those who were
present on the trial tiip were George
Vogel. J. Levi of H. Levi & Co., Joseph
Eva, president of the Alaska Improve
ment Company; Superintendent H. J.
Barling, Aleck Colvin, L. Foard, Captain
Grey of the Shipowners' and Merchants'
Towhoat Company, William Clift, Judge
A. Clift, 8. N. Thompson and Joseph Pen
tacost, secretary of the Alaska Improve
ment Company. 33, 3;
The Kadiak is one of the handsomest
little steam schooners in the bay, and her
speed was a revelation to her owners. She
cuts through the water like a knife, and
when making twelve knots an hour there
is no sign of "a hone in her mouth." Be
fore coming to the dock the captain ran a
broom up to the foremast head. By this
he let all the world know that he had
swept the seas. Challenges from other
steam schooners are now in order, but as
the Kadiak leaves for Alaska on Thursday
next the contest will have to be postponed
until her return from the canneries.
On the trip around the bay the Kadiak
stopped at Hunters Point, and all the ex
cursionists visited the Oregon. The big
battle-ship was inspected from stem to
stern, and the experts were enthusiastic in
praise of her fighting qualities. From
Hunters Point they went to the Union
IronWorks, and thence the vessel was
speeded to Fort Point. On the return a
stop was made near the Brothers, and a
sumptuous luncheon partaken of. . ■
The California Navigation and Improve
ment Company has inaugurated its new
Sunday line of steamers. They will run
in future until countermanded, which will
mean as long as they pay expenses. The
arrangements are such that San Francis
cans can spend a day in Stockton and get
home on Monday morning, while the
Btocktonians can spend a day in this City.
Sunday last the Mary Garratt got in at
7 a." m. with a crowd aboard and sailed
again st 7p. M. Saturday night, the J. D.
Peters took up a number of City people
and landed them on Washington-street
wharf yesterday morning early. A trip up
the San Joaquin to Stockton, and a ride on
the San Joaquin Valley Railroad, is going
to be one of the favorite outings this sum
mer. 7< 3 ■>. ;■ *
The steamer J. D. Peters nearly ran
away with the barkcntineCity of Papeete
yesterday afternoon. The latter was at
Spear street loading for Tahiti and the
Peters had a lot of flour for that point.
When the steamer got her breast line
aboard and began to go astern in order to
swing in the barkentine's lines parted like
packthreads and both vessels went adrift.
It only took the Peters a few minutes to
redock the Papeete and the work of trans
ferring cargo was not long delayed.
The Alaska Packers' Association has
received word that the steamer Ella Rohlffs
has arrived at Karlnk and the bark
Gatherer at Prince Williams Sound.
SPLENDID ITALY.
Brave and Patriotic Sons Respond to the
Appeal for Millions of Francs.
A telegram from Rome states that the
Italian loan of 140,000,000 francs has been
covered fifteen times. The greater part of
the subscriptions were made in Rome and
Milan.
The editor of the San Francisco L'ltalia,
commenting on this, says:
When the day which followed the battle of
Adua showed the sad necessity of thinking of
a loan in order to vindicate the honor of our
arras, numerous capitalists and bankers in
Berlin and Paris offered the Italian Govern
ment the needed money. It is impossible to
deny that this was an act of sympathy and
confidence; that if the generous offers were
made in the hope of doing a good stroke of
business, it is nevertheless true that this
security and hope of doing good business was
an act of confidence, and showed' faith in the
financial future and in the economy of Italy.
But the Italian Government did not think it
necessary to accept these offers, for it wished
to make an appeal only to the capitalists of its
own country. It did well. The credit bonds
of 140 millions voted by the Parliament to
meet the expenses of the continued campaign
in Africa have been covered fifteen times.
That means that in a few days the Italians
have raised 2,100,000,000 francs, and we
know the effect that this splendid and perhaps
unhoped-tor result will produce in Italy.
Nevertheless, the economic conditions of
Italy are grave. But when the Italians can
put together iv a lew days such a sum It
means that there is still much to hope for.
WILL BOSS THE JUNTA.
The Anxiously Awaited Cam
paign Committee Named by
Chairman Sullivan.
Ei Lanigan Looms Up With Power as
Do McNab and Colonel
Sullivan.^
________
Chairman W. P. Sullivan of the Junta,
last evening gave out his eagerly awaited
announcement of the campaign and griev
ance committees. l -y'7.
The committee of first and almost ex
clusive importance is the campaign com
mittee, as this committee will all by itself
prepare for and absolutely control the
primary election for delegates to the State
Convention and otherwise have full con
trol of all affairs.
Through this committee Chairman Sul
livan, Ed Lanigan and Gavin McNab will
be in full possession of the works. Lani
gan is given five or six of the eighteen,
while there are possibilities of his winning
one or two more. Lanigan is thus given a
large increase of power and with either
McNab or Sullivan could control the com
mittee.
Chairman Sullivan and Secretary Mc-
Govern are members of all committees.
The appointments to the campaign com
mittee are as follows:
Twenty-eighth District, M. Tierney; Twenty
ninth, Samuel Braunhart; Thirtieth, Captain
T. Fitzpatrick; Thirty-first, George A. Love;
Thirty-second, T. Donnovan; Thirty-third
John O'Donnell; Thirty-fourth. R. L. Mann;
Thirty-fifth, James Butler; Thirty-sixth, P.
Quinn; Thirty-seventh. P. J. Harney: Thirty
eighth, A, A. Watkins; Thirty-ninth, Dr. \V. J.
Gavigan; Fortieth, M. C. Hassett; Forty-first,
I'd ward Lanigan; Forty-second, Joseph P.
Hayes; Forty-third, George T.MaryeJr. ; For
ty-fourth, Thomas HasKius; Forty-fifth, Gavin
McNab.
The grievance committee is as follows:
Twenty-eighth District, James Sutton; Twen
ty-nlnth, L.Valentine; Thirtieth, J. Henney;
I Thirty-first, John J. O'Connor; Thirty-second,
James Devlne; Thirty-third. S. R. O'Keefe;
| Thirty-fourth, J. E. A. Helms; Thirty-fifth, T.
! Oman; Thirty-sixth, Max Popper; Thirty-sev
enth, Joseph Curtin; Thirty-eighth, G. Howard
j Thompson; Thirty-ninth, J. a. Kin ion; For-
I tieth, Osgood Putnam; Forty-first, C.",V. Har
i den; Forty-second, A. Flynn; Forty-third, 8.
I Pollack; Forty- fourth, August Richet; Forty
; fifth, Thomas Chandler.
A Story About "Phil Sheridan.
In a letter to the editor/Major Edmond
G. Fechet of the Sixth Cavalry says:
"Some time ago I heard the following
story of General P. H. Sheridan from
a former officer of the Third Mich
igan Cavalry. It seems that when
the regiment first went out it was
without a colonel, and the officers
had an idea that; they would like an
officer of the regular army to fill the va
cancy. At this time the regiment was in
St. Louis, and hearing that a regular offi
cer by the name of Sheridan was in the
city, and that he wanted the command of
a regiment, a committee was appointed to
go to the city and see him, or, as
the ; narrator expressed it, to take
Sheridan's measute. On the return of the
committee the officers assembled to hear
its report, which was as follows: 'Well,
we went up and saw Mr. Sheridan. He is
a short, red-faced Irishmen, and don't
seem to amount to much. 3 We do not
think he would do for colonel of our regi
ment.' The gentleman who told me this
story gave • the names of I other officers of
i the regiment who, he said,' could vouch
j for its truth."— and Navy Journal.
The venom of snakes will destroy vege
table life, but not without inoculation. It
has been proved, in fact, that seeds will
germinate in the poison.
IMBER IN FIGHTING MOOD
He Challenges Rabbi Fryer to
Translate the
Bible.
SOME CAUSTIC COMMENTS.
He Will Sweep B fore His Own Doer
. Eefore He Does the Sams
for Gentiles.
Naphtaly Herz Imber has been chal
lenged by the spiritualists of Oakland— or
is about to be — to meet Professor Zanzic
in some sort of manifastation.
Professor Imber on the other hand has
challenged Rabbi Fryer to meet him at the
vestry of the Temple Emanu-El, and there
offers to point out to him three words of
the Hebrew Bible which he avers the Rabbi
cannot translate.
So Professor Imber is having an in
teresting time of* it. He dismissed the
challenge of the spiritualists with a few
caustic reflections, but as to the Rabbi
he holds to the subject at great length.
The Rabbi has been criticizing Imber
severely, characterizing him as a fraud
and imposter, and it is this that has put
Imber into fighting mood. ..,--•
"Fryer's attack upon me was not tin
looked for," ?aid Imber yesterday. "On
the 10th of April I was invited to a Jewish
home at 1723 Buchanan street, and this
rabbi was present. He left at about mid
night, bidding me a perfectly • friendly
good-by. 1 told the lady of the house at
that time that he was a shallow and a bad
man, and that he would speak evil of me.
She was surprised that l should say so,
because he had seemed so friendly, but
the next Sunday morning in his pulpit he
fulfilled my prophecy. He said 1 was act
ing under false pretenses in many claims I
have made, but I have established my
reputation as a troth teller.
"Acting under the advice of friends I
have challenged him to translate certain
words in the BiMe. He certainly ought
to know the Bible. I was going to chal
lenge him to translate from the Talmud,
but friends say that would be too much to
expect of him. 3 l'
"I understand that he has accepted the
challenge, and I now and here name the
time and place— to-morrow, Tuesday after
noon, at 3 o'clock, in the vestry of the
Temple Emanu-El. I invite all the rabbis
of the City and reporters of the press.
. "I am not through with Rabbi Fryer,"
continued Imber. "The Jews of the City
agree generally that he has treated me
badly, and it is for meto reply to him. In
all my fights with rabbis— and I have had
a number— l always win, because I repre
sent the truth.
"Not only am I assured of the support
of all the rabbis here, but I am supported
by the extreme orthodox Jews, who come
congratulating me in having exposed that
ignoramus.
"To show the character of the man who
has abused me and the cabbala, of which
he has no idea, I have to say that he has a
Bible class at the Bush-street Tabernacle
composed of young girls from IG to 18
years of age, and instead of teaching them
the Bible he has been lecturing them for
weeks about marriage and charging them
never to marry a gentile implanting racial
hatred in their breasts. 3 333.3
"Again, he says that smoking on Sunday
is not a violation of the Jaw. That may do
for gentiles, but not for Jews.
"The difference between orthodox and
reformed Jews is that the former believe
in the old law of the Talmud while the
latter sticK only to the Mosaic law. But
as making fire in any form is a prohibition
of the Mosaic law. smoking is a violation
according to the reform conception.
"I asked him how his smoking agreed
with his congregation, and his reply was
that as soon as the present president of
the synagogue got out, who, he said, was
half fanatic and half lunatic, he would do
away with these rules and regulations,
which had stunk in Jewish nostrils for
4000 years.
"Now this is the man with whom I
deal. The ancient Jews worshiped a
golden calf. That certainly had bo me
value. The Jews of the Bush-street Syna -
gogue worship an ass in human shape
that can only bray."
Concerning the spiritualistic agitation
concerning him Professor Imber says: "I
am not a material izer of the spirit, but a
spiritualizer to spiritualize the body. If
these spiritualists who are so eager to
deny that I am one of the thirty-six
had read The Call they would have
seen that I do not claim to be one of the
thirty-six but that I have been chosen by
them to expound the Cabbala. But I will
accept their challenge. When I have
swept before my own door it will be time
enough to do that for the gentiles. It is
true I have no one to back me. Ido not
need any one. I, with truth, am a ma
jority." :
WOLF OHILDEBH.
"Live ln the Dens of Wolves and Share
Their Prey.
A jemadar told me "that when he was a
lad he remembered going with others to
see a wolf child which had been netted.
Some time after this, while staying in an
up-country place called Shaporeooundie, in
East Bengal, it was my fortune to meet an
old Anglo-Indian gentleman who had been
in the Indian civil service for upward of
thirty years, and had traveled about dur
ing most of that time, and from him I
learned all I wanted to know of wolf
children, for he not only knew of several
cases, but had actually seen and examined
near Agra a child which had been re
covered from tho wolves. The story of
Romulus and Remus, which all school
boys and the vast majority of grown-up
people regard as a myth, appears in a
different light when one studies the ques
tion of wolf children, and ascertains how
it comes to pass that boys are found living
on the very best terms "with such treach
erous and rapacious animals as wolves,
sleeping with them in their dens, sharing
the raw flesh of deer and kids which the
she wolf provides, and, in fact, leading in
all essentials the actual life of a wolf.
A young she wolf has a litter of cub**,
and after a time her instinct tells her that
they will require flesh food. She steals out
at night in quest of prey. Soon she espies
a weak place in the fence (generally con
structed of thatching grass and bamboos),
which incloses the compound, or "un
guah," of a poor villager. She enters,
doubtless in the hope of securing a hid,
and while prowling about inside looks into
a hut where a woman and infant are
soundly sleeping. In a moment she has
pounced on the child, and is out of reach
before its cries can attract the villagers.
Arriving safely at her den under the rocks
she drops the little one among her cubs. At
this critical time the fate of the child hangs
in the balance. Either it will be immedi
ately torn to pieces and devoured, or in a
most .wonderful way remain in the cave
unharmed. In the event of escape the
fact may be accounted for in several ways.
Perhaps the cubs are already gorged when
the child is thrown before them, or are
being supplied with solid food before their
carnivorous instinct is awakened ; so they
amuse themselves by simply licking the
sleek, oily body (Hindoo mothers daily
rub their boy. babies with some native
vegetable oil) of the infant, and thus it
lies in the nest, by degrees getting the
odor of the wolf cubs, after which the
mother wolf will not molest it. In a little
time the infant begins to feel the pangs
of hunger, and, hearing the cubs sucking,
soon follows their example. Now, the
adoption is complete, all fear of harm to
the child from wolves has gone, and the
foster-mother will guard and protect it as
though it were of her own flesh and blood.
Children recovered from wolves at differ
ent times have been identified by their
parents through birthmarks and other
means. I have never heard or read of a
girl wolf child having been found. The
reason for this may be that they have soon
broken down under the strain of so terri
ble an existence and have perished in the !
jungle, where the stronger male child has
survived. Their mode of progression is on
all fours not, as a rule, on the hands and
feet, but on the knees and elbows. The
reason the knees are used is to be ac
counted for by tbe fact that, owing to the
great length of the human leg and thigh
in proportion to the length of the arm, the
knee would naturally be brought to the
ground, and the instep and top of the toes
would be used, instead of the sole and heel
of the almost inflexible foot. Why the
elbow should be employed instead of the
hand is less easy to understand, but prob
ably it is better suited to give support to
the head and fore part of the body.
Some of these poor waifs have* been re
covered after spending ten or more years
in the fellowship of wolves, and, though
wild and savage at first, have in time be
come tractable in some degree. They are
rarely seen to stand upright unless to look
around, and they gnaw bones in the man
ner of a dog, holding one end between the
forearms and hands, while 6narling and
snapping at anybody who approaches too
near. The wolf child has little except its
outward form to show that it is a human
being without a soul. It is a fearful and
terrible thing, and hard to understand,
that the mere fact of a child's complete
isolation from its own kind should bring it
to such a state of absolute degradation. Of
course they speak no language, though
some in time have learned to make known
their wants by a few signs. Badminton
Magazine.
A CHAPTER ON PASTES.
The Best Way to Make Them for Dif-
ferent. Purposes.
The following are some useful recipes
for making, pastes of various . kinds:
Paper to wood— Gum arabic, % ounce:
powdered gum tragacanth, >_" ounce;
water, IJ^ ounces; acetic acid, 20 drops.
If the paper is good this paste will not
stain it. Give it one or two coats gum
arabic as a varnish.
Perpetual paste, or paste that will keep
several months, is mude by dissolving a
teaspoonful of alum in a quart of warm
water. When cold, stir in flour to give it the
consistence of cream, beating out all the
lumps. Then stir in as. much powdered
rosin as will lie on a dime. Have on the
fire a teakettle of boiling water. Pour the
boiling water on the mixture, and stir con
stantly until it assumes the consistence, of
molasses. This will occur in a few min
utes. Pour out into an earthen vessel to
cool, then cover and put in a cool place.
When needed take a portion and dilute
with warm water.
Paste for Scrap Book. Equal quantities,
say a small lump of each, of glue and
alum are dissolved in water. Beat up with
flour until the mass is incorporated to
gether and quite smooth, then add boiling
water and stir well. This will keep a long
while in a cool place.
. Postage Stamp Paste. — The paste or
mucilage used by our Government for
gumming postage stamps is made as fol
lows: Two parts gum dextrine, one part
acetic acid and five parts water are added
together and put into a water bath, dis
solving the gum, after which one part
alcohol is added. English postage stamps
are gummed with a potato-starch paste.
Ordinary Starch or Flour Paste. — is
best to prepare paste by triturating the
starch or flour with cold water until no
lumps remain, and not too thick a mass is
formed, and pouring into this boiling
water very slowly, with rapid stirring,
until the paste begins to form, as indicated
by the increase of transparency, and then
rapidly adding the rest of the water (boil
ing) necessary for the paste. Boiling the
paste is very injurious, rendering it less
adhesive and liable to peel off. Rye flour
cives a more adhesive paste than starch
or wheat flour, but it is too strong or
hard to spread for paper banging; it is of
a gray color also. The addition of a little
alum to the water with which the paste is
prepared renders it more permanent, and
the use of boiling lime water instead of
pure soft water adds to its adhesiveness.
An aqueous extract of decomposed gluten,
however, affords the best paste with starch.
By incorporating with the paste a quan
tity of turpentine equal in weight to half
of the starch employed, and stirring while
the paste is still hot, it will be rendered
more impervious to moisture, and at the
same time more adhesive.
A paste, very brilliant and adhesive,
and said to be superior to gum arabic,
may be made by dissolving caseine (pre
cipitated from milk by acetic acid, and
washed with pure water) in a saturated so
lution of borax.
A label gum that only requires moisten
ing with saliva to affix to objects is made
from eleven parts (by weight) of good
glue, previously soaked in cold water until
soft; seven parts gum arabic and a little
rock candy, in fifty-six parts of water, sub
jected to a gentle heat, with continued
stirring until the mass is uniform.
There are several substances useful for
adding to paste to keep it sweet. Among
these may be found essence of winter
green, hydronapthol (dissolved in a little,
alcohol), oil of cloves, oil of sassafrass and
carbolic acid. Alum also helps to keep it,
besides hardening or stiffening it. Oil of
pennyroyal added . will keep the flies
away. Two grains of hydronapthol is
sufficient for each pint of paste. The oil
essences may be objectionable sometimes,
being liable to grease delicate paper, but
they give an agreeable perfume and keep
the paste from souring.
Glutol added to common paste gives a
fine, strong paste that keeps well and is
much used by paper-hangers in this man
ner.Western Painter.
NAPOLEON'S ITALIAN ACCENT.
He Pronounced His Own Name ''Na
poiglione."
Among the recent historians of the Na
poleonic legend none has been more pains
taking than Frederic Masson. A new work
by. this author, "Napoleon Inconnu" (the
Unknown Napoleon), consists of two
heavy volumes, in which the first twenty
four years of the Corsican's life (from 1769
to 1793) pass beneath M. Masson's micro
scope. 'C.7. *.»'•», "Jor '*v. j
M. Masson says that Napolean was not a
bright scholor, one reason for this being
that he was so ignorant of French. Even
his own name he pronounced with such an
Italian accent, "Napoiglione," that his
comrades nicknamed him "La paille au
nez," which French phrase has much the
same sound and means, freely translated,
"straw nose." .. .-.-33
" "It has been argued by Napoleon's de
tractors," says M. Masson; "that he had
no love of country; that he was not a
Frenchman in spirit. It is hard to sec
how he could have been. Imagine a child
born in Alsace or Lorraine in 1771, rudely
taken in 1780 and placed in a Prussian
military school/educated at the expense
of the Emperor of Germany, and destined
to wear a sword as a German officer, not
because he had chosen that particular pro
fession, but because it was the only one
which was open to him. Imagine such a
child surrounded only by Prussian youths
children of those who Dad conquered his
country, and abolished its independence
after having massacreed his compatriots
and ravaged their fields.
3 "Could it be possible that such a boy
could keep' a pleased face and hide his
pride beneath the livery of servitude that
he was forced to wear? * * * Corsica is
a small country, but, whether one's native
land be little or great, love of it should fill
the heart. Laceda-mon. which was a vil
lage, was the spot on earth which Leoni
das loved the best, and he could not have
levered it more had it been of vast extent,
like Russia or America. It matters not
whether 'la patrie' be great or rich or
powerful so long as ii is 'la patrie,' and
the love of it grows warm in the breast of
its sons."
A "Lawyer's Excuse.
At the close of the "Right to carry arms"
case before the Supreme Court March 30,
Lawyer Gargan apologized to the court
for the rather lame manner in which ha
had presented his side of this important
case. He said that the lawyers of to
day, in order to make a living, could not
afford to spend days, weeks and month in
the preparation of a single case, but were
oblitred to flit from flower to flower, suck
ing honey wherever they could find it.
All five justices of the court smiled, for
they knew that such was the fact.— Boston
Traveler.
ygW TO-PAY.'
AI APPEAR FORJIS
Thousands In the Throes of
Tobacco Torture.
Only Prompt, Decisive Action Can Save
Them— Some Already Saved Prove
That There 1* a Way.
>«*•■•* f*Y>? Are th* 8 * 8 the days of
«« ICC freedom?
■* I7T L__r* Is everybody out of
■jpsirSi. bondage
J^\^f*S^ '*►•* Would that wo could
T^Pi_V_\ . answer, ''Yea! Every-
'WflKw^^v.V W body's free."
3_S^Sv^O_\ But - in fact > - th «
_?-=^s_^s<*_ end of this enlightened
i^ K f££Fsß/*x?h7\\^ century there are bun-
' \^sv**s*»E!***»w^ < * redso * thousands, yes,
<rw_r V2l 3^ millions, of men in the
« 'C_3''iiii"l»« 111 .-^"'' clutches of a tyrant
' S5 (M-Sk Aim worse thai ? any In his-
W____ \£ft 'BW tory, unable to fight
t3i C_3l their way to liberty,
__p^^SL_ impotent to break their
«>* -*_» When once the to-
bacco habit gets its grip on a man it destroys
his nerve and will power and robs him of his
only means of defense. His life is sapped out
of him, his manhood destroyed, his brain
j deadened, until he becomes a sallow, skinny
listless wreck of a man, his existence a living
death, and himself an object of disgust instead
of love and affection to those who are dear to
him. ._ * .-• • .
Is there no hope?
There — only one— No-To-Bac— the wonder-
ful guaranteed medicine. Even after years ol
slavery No-To-Bac cures without fail. No-
body's case could be worse than the following:
TOBACCO HAD SHATTERED HIS XEKVE3,
; ': ;i y--.- Ga'bkettsvi*_i,b, O.
Gentlemen: I am happy to say that No-To-Bac
has completely cured me of the tobacco habit. I
had both smoked and chewed for thirty years; had
tried several times to stop. My health had been
terribly poor and my nervous system shattered to
pieces generally. 1 cannot say too much In favor
of your remedy. It will cure any one who wants
. to get cured of the tobacco habit and will give tbe
treatment an honest and thorough trial. You are
at liberty to publish my statement if you so desire.
Truly yours, , J. W. NASH.
Tobacco-user, shake off your shackles!
No-To-Bac makes it so easy. Begin to-day.
Your own drugeist sells it under absolute guar-
antee to cure. Try it ! If in a week or two you
do not like gaining weight, feeling new, manly
vigor, and making your loved one» happy,
learn the tobacco habit, over again. Get our
booklet, "Don't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your
Life Away," written guarantee of cure and free
sample for the asking. Address The Sterling
Remedy Co., Chicago and New York.
PROBATEJALE.
Under authority of sale given to me
by the will of Anna M. Hathaway, de-
ceased, I will sell, subject to confirma-
tion by Probate Court, the lot of land
and building; on the northerly lino of
O'Farrell street, 27 6-12 feet east of
Powell, east 27 6-12x77 6-12 feet.
Purchasers will apply at room 11 on
tenth floor of Mills building. Immedi-
ate sale will be made.
JAMES A. WHITE,
Executor of the will of
ANNA M. HATHAWAY,
Deceased.
«*r£/?RNYST %
IS THE VERY BEST o_n*E TO EXAMINE
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Bye-
glasses with instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suo>
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 p. it
11IESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL 8001
OK THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN PNTII. MIDNIGHT. .
IRON BEDS,
t_Li -'J jam brass beds;
i**-* 7 "*"" f FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Reclining
._....* ; . Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
T " Ttt Commodes, Back Bests
I J L ffllMljf W. A. SGHROCK,
*■■!!_ -*~j'""^l New Montgomery
*t **• I -—I St., under Grand
,3'^ Motel. 8. P.
■ i n i
§J WW PRIVATE DISPEHSARY.
SPECIALTY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
Ingall forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases. Over 20 years' experience. Hook sent free.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Office
Hours, 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to B:3oevenln(r«. Sundays,
10 to 12. Consultation free «nd sacredly confiden-
tial. Call, or address
P. RONCOK M~!'f"l"'"_T"T. "W.D.-
-26 1 .; Kearny Slrrrt. Hnn %••"»•.»»»«• !«•<». Cal.
— —
*%. ALT Vfill Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- M
JftlAV-. IUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores,
(flSUlcors in Mouth, Ualr-Palling! Write COOS. *a
SiRE^SEDT" CO., 307 Masonic Temple, Bl
(^.Chlcafro, 111., tor proofs of cures. Cupl- Sl
KBjtal, 8500,000. Worst eases cured to -£&■
KJHo G.» days. 100-pago book. < *^__JB
. i. . ' ■■ in >■
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and sreclfio tonlo for th*
■ sexual and urlnarv organs of both sexes, and a
j pi-eat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad-
i der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine.
Bells on lis own Merits— no lons-winded testt*
monlais necessary.
NABJSK, ALI'S * BRIM:, Agents,
823 Market Bt.. S. P.— (dend for Circular.!
oc_»i3_sw__c>__= , r_s_.r<j-
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 10£ Fifth s'_, «aa
Francisco, Cal — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board ant room, *1, $1 25 and 61 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 2 5c. Booms, -Oa
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of lbs Cot-
aaopoiitan Hotel. Wit FAHEY. Proprietor.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHABLES H. PHILLIP*-*, ATTORNEY-AT-
law and Notary Public, 633 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1030
Fell st. Telephone, "Piae" _"">9*-
910
DOWN AMONG THE
BASEMENT BAKERIES
The Board of Health Inspects
Some Unclean
Places.
UNION BAKERS' MISERY.
Long Hours Amid Unsanitary
Surroundings for the Em
ployes.
LEGAL REGULATIONS WANTED.
The Next Legislature Will Be Asked
to Pass a Bill Similar to the
New York Law.
Last night Health Officer Dr. Lovelace,
Drs. Hart and Williamson and Secretary
Godschaux of the Board of Health, and
Market Inspector Davis and Morton Hart,
visited a number of underground bakeries.
The party was piloted by Secretary Otto
Grassmann of the Journeymen Bakers and
Officer M. F. Joy.
They first inspected the Parisian
bakery, kept by C. Richert, at 304 Mont
gomery avenue. The place was found in
a bad condition. The bread-makers,
stripped bare to the waist, perspired over
the batches of dough in the ho* baking
room. They never stopped as the visitors
crowded into the place, but kneaded away
harder than ever. The whole apartment
was damp and moldy, except, of course,
near the oven.
The bakery of F. Favilla at 1508 Stock
ton street was found in a still worse condi
tion. It was a basement also and adja
cent to the kneading- room were several
closets as filthy as they could be. They
looked as if they were being flooded by a
leaking sewer. The roofs hung with cob
webs and an offensive stench came from
the dark, moldy apartments, where
wood, flour and slops were kept.
S. Paganini's place at 1413*4 Dupont
street had a water-cioset close to the
doughpans. He was ordered to put his
place in a better sanitary condition.
The bakeshop of W. Schoene at G37
Broadway was found surrounded by offen
sive closets and sinks. Old refuse barrels
stood close to the tables where the men
worked. He was given a week to clean up
the place. • 3
A number of ether bakin? places were
inspected, and while some of them had
been cleaned and whitewashed, many
were more or less in need of sanitary at
tention.
WANT REGULATION.
The Next Legislature Will Be Asked
to Pass a Bill Similar to the
New York Law.
The recent examination of the bread and
confectionery bakeries of this City has
caused the public much concern, particular
ly as a large proportion of the City's popula-
THE DEFENDANT ON THE WITNESS-STAND.
tion get the most of their bread and confec
tionery from the bakeries either directly
or indirectly. The investigation has been
conducted by several inspectors deputized
by the Labor Commissioner, and this
movement has been kept up by the bakers'
unions.
Under the past system of conducting the
places where flour and meal foods are pre
pared the methods were anything but ap
petizing. Many places were found where
not the slightest attention was paid to
sanitary conditions. Sewerage, ventila
tion and hygiene were the least thought
of. ln many ol these places the condi
tions have been improved upon a little,
but they are far from perfect to-day. The
habit of comoelling the employes to sleep
in the bakeries, in fact in the very apart
ments where the food was prepared, has
been abandoned since the inspectors' ex
pose.
The interest of the employes in these
matters is very apparent, but none had
the courage to protest until the bakers'
unions took hold of the case and followed
up the first investigations made by the
Labor Commissioner. The union's in
terest has caused not a little annoyance to
the union men. A number of the latter
have been discharged by their bosses be
cause the latter suspected that the in
spector's attention was called to certain
places by union men. At least that is the
only reason the discharged employes sus
pect.
At present the union is not strong
enough to make an onen fight against this
suspected injustice. Secretary Grassrnann,
who is one of the inspectors, stated yes
terday that he had been misunderstood
with reference to boycotting the boss bak
ers who took a summary course I with . the
suspected employes. He . said that all
that would be necessary would be to let
the people know of their unclean shops
and that this will be all the boycotting
necessary.
The union is by no means idle in this
matter, and is no doubt preparing a plan
of retaliation upon the offending bosses.
What this plan is the leaders refuse to
divulge.
There are a few moves in preparation
that are known which will work a great
reform in the trade. At " present the con
dition of the bakers is anything but envi
able. Instead of, living they simply
exist. The hours they labor are unreason
ably long, they are compelled to work
among filthy surroundings and their pay
hardly keeps body and soul together. In
other words the bakeries of this City, or
the majority of them, are run on sweat
shop principles. When the next Legis
lature meets a strong effort will be made
to secure the passage of a law similar to
that enacted in New York in 1895.
Under that law the hours of labor are so
regulated that each workman cannot
work more than sixty hours a week and
only ten hours a day. No employer can
discharge an employe for giving an in
spector information concerning a bakery.
The law makes it compulsory upon the
part of the bosses to have the places where
flour and meat foods are prepared and
made kept well drained, well ventilated,
with floors of cement or tiles, walls white
washed at least every three months, in
fact, kept in a perfect sanitary condition.
The sleeping-rooms of the employes must
be separate from the workrooms. There
are official baking inspectors on duty all
of the time to see that these regulations
are complied with.
In the effort by the union to secure the
enactment of a similar law it will have the
support of the Labor Commissioner, That
such a law would work a revolution
among the local bakeries goes without say
ing. It would compel a large number of
boss bakers to go to considerable expense
in renovating their premises, but the pub
lic in general, and the employes in par
ticular, would be greatly benefited. Un
der the existing circumstances the relation
between the bosses and the unions is not
the most pleasant, and there is no doubt
but. that it will be worse before it is better.
Should it become too badly strained be
fore the proposed law can be passed the
other labor unions may take a hand in the
fight and make matters interesting to the
offending bosses.
J. M'GAUGHEY ON TRIAL
He Is Charged With Having
Forged Signatures to a
Paving Contract.
The Defendant's Plea Is That He Did
Not Secure the Names Said
to Be Spurious.
The trial of J. D. L. McGaughey was
practically concluded yesterday afternoon,
and the case will be submitted to the jury
this morning.
McGaughey was on the stand during the
day, and he * tried to throw the blame of
the forgery on J. D. Brunner, foreman of
the San Francisco Paving Company. Mc-
Gaughey is charged with forgery. He was
in the employ of the San Francisco Paving
Company, and his duties were to secure
signatures to a contract for the paving of
Grove street, from Broderick to Lyon.
Many of the names on the petition were
forged, and McGaughey was arrested for
the forgery.
His defense was that he had not secured
all of the signatures, and he had not se
cured any of those alleged to be forgeries.
He testified that he and J. D. Brunner had
secured tho names; that he had secured
but four, and that Brunner had secured
the others. He had the contract but very
little, he said, and whenever it would
leave his hands it would come back again
with strange signatures upon it. ;V *
More witnesses were called for the de
fense to show that they had - been asked to
sign by McGaughey, but had refused, and
that their names were not in the contract.
The defense offered to submit the case
without argument, but the prosecution
objected, and so the arguments were taken
up until a late hour.
McGaughey was the man who killed Dr.
John E. Plouf, the patent-medicine man,
over a year ago. McGaughey was tried for
murder, but was acquitted on the plea of
self-defense.
A Sudden Death.
Mrs. Augusta Derron, a housewife aged 54
years, died suddenly at her residence on Beach
street, near Broderick, yesterday at 2:30 p. m.
The body was taken to the Morgue, but as
death resulted from natural causes no inquest
will be held.
Woinen'i Work.
The Women's State Federation for Public
Good met yesterday and the various depart
ments reported progress. It will meet again
Monday next, the _th inst., at 317 Mason
street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 18*96.
WON HONORS IN CHESS
Walter S. Franklin Carries Off
the First Prize Gold
Medal.
CLOSE OF THE BIG TOURNEY.
* —
G. Thompson Succeeds in Securing
Second Place After an Ex
citing Contest.
The handicap tournament which has
been in progress for some time at the
Mechanics' Institute was concluded yes
terday. There were thirty-two contestants
divided into four classes as follows:
First class, scratch— H. O. Chase, Thomas D.
Condon, F. H. Curtis, J. M. Durkin, S. Epstein,
W.S.Franklin, J. Hirsch, Thomas Martin, E.
L. McClure, E. Nevill, Richard Ott, Oscar
Samuels, Rudolf Stein, G. R. Thompson.
Second class, at odds of pawn and move — .
Fred Burnett, J. R. Chicton, E. A. Cutting, H.
Epstein, R. J. Harding, A. Schuman, C. W.
Spalding, George Walker.
Third class, at odds of pawn and two moves—
Walter S. Franklin, Winner of the First Prize Gold Medal at the Recent Chess
Tournament.
I. Boxall. R. F. McLeod, John Newman, Charles
Muller, C. Thomas, J. M. Torres.
Fourth class, at odds of knight— George Bur
nett. I. Denton, C. L. Miel, A. D. Reynolds.
Dr. Benjamin Marshall, the nestor and
patron of chess on the Pacific Coast, and
Messrs. H. Hyneman, D. L. Lyons, Jo
seph Sullivan and Joseph Waldstein acted
as judges, and Richard Ott as secretary.
The tournament has been conducted un
der the rules as given in Steinitz's Mod
ern Chess Instructor. Time limit:
Twenty moves per hour. Winners of first
two games in each round to remain, losers
to drop out entirely. Draws not to count.
Following were the results:
Winners of fiirst round— Messrs. Boxall,
Chase, Chilton, Condon, Cutting, Denton. H.
Epstein, Franklin, McClure, McLeod, Ott,
Samuels, Stein and Thompson.
, Winners of second round— Messrs. Boxall,
Condon, Denton, Franklin, McClure, McLeod,
Ott and Thompson.
Winners of third round— Messrs. Denton,
Franklin and Thompson.
Winners of fourth round— Franklin
and Thompson.
■ Winner of fiifth and final round— S.
Franklin, who consequently obtained first
prize, a gold medal, and (i, K." Thompson, sec
ond prize, a silver medal.
The contest has been an exciting one
throughout, and when it finally settled
down to between Franklin and Thompson
the incidents occurring in the chessroom
during the past week will long be remem
bered. C. K. Thompson has an interna
tional reputation, while Walter Franklin
is not yet 18 years of age, and two years
ago knew nothing about the game.
Walter Franklin is the son of Joseph
Franklin, the well-known merchant on
Battery street. He was born in this City,
attended the public schools, and is now a
student of Cooper's Medical College. The
moves were taught him by his father and
by Oscar Samuels, another of the youthful
champions of the Mechanics' Institute.
Following is the score of one of the final
games between Franklin ana Thompson:
White (Franklin). Black (Thompson).
FRENCH DEFENSE.
1. P-K 4 3333 P-K 3
2. P-Q 4 P-Q 4
3. Kt-Q B 3 Kt-K B 3 (a)
4. P-K ft X Kt-Q 2
ft. P-K B4 V P-QB4
I 6. PxP KtxP
7. P-Q Xt 4 Kt-Q 2
8. P-Q R 3 Q- 5 check
9. P-Kt 3 home
10. X B-Kt a P-K B 3 (c)
11. PxP . -3-. KtxP 3,
12. Kt-B3 Q-Kt 3
13. Q-K 2 Kt-B 3
14. B-Kt 2 (d) B-K 2
15. Xt Q R 4 Q-B 2
16. P-Q 4 Castles
17. Kt-H Xt ft (8) K-R
IS. Castles- K P. B-K
19. BxKt . Bxß
20. K-Q Bsq BxKt (1)
21. PxP Kt-Q 6
22. Q-K 4 Q-Q 2
23. Kt-Q B 5 QxP
24. Q-Q 3 Kt-K B O check
25. BxKt B-B 3
26. QxQ PxQ
27. B-Q 3 ' P-Q Xt 3
28. BxP B-K B4
29. Bxß BxR
30. Ktxß Bxß
31. Kt-K ft K-Kt
32. K-B 2 K-K sq
3*". K-K BxKt (g)
34. Pxß KB 2
35. K-B 3 K-K 3
36. K-K 4 B-Q B
37. B-Q ' B-Q B 4 check
38. R-Q 4 KB 7
39. R-Q 6 check K-K 2
40. K-Q 5 BxP
41. K-B 6, P-Kt 4.
42. B-Q 6 check K-K 3 •'
43. KxQR P . KxP
44. KxP K-B 4
4ft. K-Q B7 K-Kt 5
- 46. R-Q B 3 P-K K4
47. P-Q 4 R-K Kt7
48. P-lt 5 BxP
49. KiR KxP.
50. P-H6 PR 5
61. P-R 7 P-Kt ft
62. P queens P-K 6 j
63. K-Q B 5 ■.."*• K-B 7 33 r'
54. Q-R 2 check * K-K 8
65. Q-Kt cheat K-Kt 7
66. Q-Q B 2 check K-B 6
57. Q-Q sq check K-Kt 6
68. Q-K sq check K-B 6
69. Q-B check . K-Kt 6
60. Q-Kt check K-B 6
. 61. P-Kt ft P-Kt 6
62. P-Kt 6 PR 7
63. Q-R check K-Kt 5
64. Q-Kt 2 Resigns
NOTES BY RICHARD OTT.
(a) It is generally conceded that (3) Xt X B 3
subjects the defense to a difficult game. The
best reply to (3) Xt Q B 3 is PxP.
(b) Loses valuable time by this sally of the
queen and return.
(c*) Again loss of time and ' weakening the X
P ought to have developed his king's bishop.
(d) The proper place for this bishop is at
queen's third, but owing to the forced advance
of his king's knight pawn, is, perhaps, best at
knight's second.
(c) QR-QB square is certainly stronger at
this stage. *
(I) This move loses the game. Queen bishop
to queen second would still have given an even
game.
(g) With this capture the last hope fades
away. The pawn in the center must wip, play
black as he might. -r* ; *- •-. ;
Presentation of prizes will take place on
Friday evening next at 8 o'clock at the
chessroom of the Mechanics' Institute.
LOST HIS MONEY.
The Lock Game Successfully Played
Upon "William Goethe.
William Goethe, a young man living at
1331 California street, was in an employ
ment office on Clay street yesterday morn
ing when a young man spoke to him. He
got Goethe interested by telling him he
was in the lumber business and could get
a position for nim to attend horses. They
walked along together till they reached
Battery and Green streets, when another
man joined them.
The new-comer introduced the "lock"
game and Goethe soon parted with $3 50,
which he was foolish enough to show was
in his purse. It was all the money he had.
As soon as the man took it out of his
purse he ran away, followed by the "lum
ber merchant." Goethe reported the mat
ter at police headquarters and gave a good
description of the two men.
MELANGE OF SPORTING
What the Various Gun Clubs
. and the Fly-Casters Are
Doing.
Aquatic Sports in Lakeport— Ladies'
Rowing Club Organized—Hand
ball at Sacramento.
The Fly-Casting Club will hold a busi
ness meeting this evening in , the Fish
Commissioners' rooms, Flood building.
All anglers interested in fly-casting are in
vited to attend.
Several trap-shooting contests will be
held next Sunday. The California Wing
Club will shoot at live birds at Oakland
track. The Olympic Gun Club will have a
shoot at inanimate birds at the same place.
The Reliance Gun Club will shoot at clay
birds at Alameda Point, and the Electric
Gun Club will hold its monthly clay bird
shoot at Oakland track.
The following letter from Lakeport to
the sporting editor of The Call will inter
est wheelmen, cricketers, anglers, oarsmen
and athletes: 3 *3* - •'*
This promises to be a splendid year for
bicycling in Lake County. It was predicted
last season that the craze would die out, and
that few, if any more, wheels would be bought.
But from present indications this will be the
banner year. A party of Clear Lake cyclists
will attend the Healdsburg carnival and enter
the races. '.77 -•*■■*, *^-:
Aquatic sports have been on the wane since
the advent of the bicycle, but have taken a
new impetus since the young ladies' rowing
club was organized a few weeks since. Fishing
was good in both the lake and the mountain
streams previous to the storm, and some fine
strings have been brought to town by the local
disciples of Izaak Walton. Last week Deputy
Fish Commissioner Wilson put some pike,
pickerel, big-mouthed black bass, war-mouth
bass and yellow perch in the lake. These va
rieties are hardy ana splendid fighters, and it
is hoped that they will feed on the carp and
catfish which have almost destroyed all the
other fish in the lake.
Our cricketers have reorganized their club
and will commence training for their contest
with the Citrus Colony Club of Penryn, which
will visit this county this summer and play
several match games. The weather is too un
settled to do much in that line yet.
The resorts anticipate a heavy travel this
season, as the tourists are already heading
this way, quite a number having secured
quarters at both Highlands and Bartlett's.
The Sacramento athletes are looking
forward to many interesting contests.
Handball has taken a strong hold and is
now popular indoor sport. A correspond
ent writes:
A handball tournament was recently held In
the Y. M. G. A. gymnasium in which live teams
participated. They laved for the best three
in five. Marsh and Marsh defeated Roman
andGwinn; Tracy and Dickson beat 'Phillip
and Reed; Keene and Phillip beat Webster
andMcGaw; Tracy and Dickson beat Marsh
and Marsh and Keene and Phillip, thereby
winning the championship of the tournament.
The association Is going in heavy for handball,
realizing that it is a king of sports as an all
round muscle-developer, as well as a promoter
of quickness and skill.
The Y. M. C. A. athletes are talking up a field
day to be held some time during the month of'
May. The intention is to have each contestant
enter for five events, the one winning the high
est number of points out of a possible 50 to be
declared the champ
An effort is being made by the association's
board of managers to raise funds for the pur
pose of paying a regularly employed athletic
instructor, who will give all of his time to the
physical department, and it is believed that
this will be accomplished by next October.
Athletes in the junior department are re
ported as progressing finely. The class already
numbers twenty-five, and is composed of boys
between the ages of 10 and 10 years. These
embryo athletes have divided themselves Into
two forces known as the Reds and the Blues.
The Reds are under the leadership of William
Hatfield and the Blues are generated by Rob
ert Hoyt. The Reds are at present ahead. on
points in the basket-ball contest*.
A MILLIONAIRE TO WED
Engagement Announced of Wil
liam Gerstle and Miss
Sadie Hecht.
RARE BEAUTY OF THE BRIDE.
Happy Culmination of a Romantic
Courtship Begun Amid Old-
World Scenes.
An interesting engagement to announce
is that of "William Gerstle, son of Mr. and
Mrs. William Gerstle, and Miss Sadie
Hecht, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. H.
Hecht. -'
The engagement was made public yes
terday and the young couple were kept
busy all day answering the congratula
tions that were fairly showered upon
them.
In addition to the high social standing
of the contracting parties, and the moving
influence on the commercial world of the
families they respectively represent, their
engagement has excited a further interest
for the fact that it is a genuine love match.
From time immemorial young and old
alike have manifested a strange but sweet
interest in a true love story, and the par
ties thereof have possessed for all an inde
finable fascination. . ; 3
The love story of Miss Hecht and Mr.
Gerstle began when the fair fiancee's sis
ter, Miss Hilda Hecht, was wedded to
William Gerstle's brother. Marcus Gerstle.
That wedding was one of the events in
the social history of this City. It was
solemnized at the Temple Emanu-El some
three years ago. Miss Sadie Hecht was
the maid of honor. William Gerstle was
one of the ushers.
Public and press alike commented
upon the fair young beauty of the maid of
honor. Her gown was fashioned after a
rare bit of Dresden china, and the effect
was most beautiful.
After the wedding Mr. and Mrs. Hecht,
accompanied by Miss Sadie, spent several
years abroad. . Young Gerstle was not
long in following them, and.the courtship,
began amid scenes of Old World splendor
and beauty, culminated in the engage
ment announced yesterday.
Mr. Gerstle is actively engaged in com
mercial pursuits and is interested in
the Alaska Commercial Company, of
which his uncle, Louis Sloss, and his
father, Lewis Gerstle, are the largest stock
holdeis.
In addition to her great personal beauty
Miss Hecht is justly celebrated for her
various talents and accomplishments.
She was educated in Baltimore and excels
as a linguist and musician.
No definite arrangements have been
made for the wedding, which will prob
ably be celebrated early in the fall.
THE HOTEL MEN.
They Return, See Chinatown and Its
Theaters, and Will Go on the
Bay To-Day.
The trainloads of hotel men who have
been seeing the City and other points in
the State, returned from Monterey, Santa
Cruz, the Big Trees and San Jose last
evening. About a third of the 400 guests,
composing the New York delegation, left
a short time afterward for their homes.
The others are yet here. Last night half
of them went to see the sights in China
town, while the other half went to the
Tivoli and other theaters. About eighty
of the hotel men are at the Grand, twenty
five at the Lick, and the others, with the
exception of five or six, at the California
and at the Palace.
At 10 o'clock this morning the hotel
men, accompanied by the committee of
hotel men here, will go aboard either the
El Capitan or Bay City for a cruise around
the bay. They will see all the principal
places of interest and will partake of a
sumptuous luncheon on board.
About 4 o'clock they will return and,
going to their hotels, will take dinner,
and then at 9 o'clock will step aboard their
elegant cars and leave the coast behind
them. -"33
The hotel men say they have enjoyed
themselves in an unequaled way on the
trip just ended. E. W. HadJey, the hotel
proprietor of San Diego, who : was with
them, says the reception at Del Monte,
combined with the seventeen-mile drive,
was a revelation.
Can Solicit Business.
Judge Hebbard has finally settled, so far as
the Superior Court is concerned, the case of
the Morton Transfer Company against the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company. On Novem
ber 22, 1895, he decided that the Morton
Transfer Company could solicit business on the
defendants' wharves. That decision, however,
was upon a collateral point in the case, and
his decision of yesterday was upon the main
case. It is the same as before. The transfer
company can solicit business when it pleases,
and the steamship company is enjoined from
interfering. •-::--^.."* r . ;j
NEW TO-DAY.
The long Winter
days are nearly over*
A succession of Colds,
Coughs or Pneumonia
has weakened the
system and strength
doesn't seem to come
back again* You re-
main pale and weak*
You have a slight
cough in the morning
and perhaps a little
fever in the afternoon*
You need A Food as
a Spring medicine, not
a mere tonic* Such a
food is Scott's Emulsion
of Cod-liver Oil with
Hypophosphites which
will heal inflamed mem-
branes, make good
blood and supply food
for sound flesh* i
NEW TO-DAY.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
SALT and
• PEPPER.
, A great big buy — 1500 pairs Fine
, Quadruple Silver-plated Salt and
, they go on sale for Monday, Tuesday
1 and Wednesday only at 25c PER
1 PAIR, and Wednesday night ends it.
Thinking of some medium-grade .
, Crockery or Glassware for that coun- 1
try home of yours? We have pre- >
cisely the right things for Such a pur- 1
pose — at Wholesale Prices. 1
THAT BIG CHINA STORE- '
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve's.
WANGENHEIM, STEENHEIM & CO., <
528 and 530 Market St., !
27 and 29 Sutter St., ,"!
.' BELOW MONTGOMERY. '
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
The largest piece of
Good tobacco
ever sold for 10 cents
GOLDEN ROLE BAZAAR
SECOND RELAY
■^i-OP THE-*®-.-
GRAND SPECIAL SALE!
Best of All the Bargains
Will Be Sold in
This Relay.
Of
*W° d3^_S^H
V). «s^*^<^ To Be Sold at
■ 50c on the Dollar
CONSISTING OF
TOYS, FANCY GOODS, NOTIONS, TOILET ARTICLES,
Stationery, Fans, Albums, Purses, Bags,
Soaps, Perfumery, Platedware, Clocks,
Jewelry, Watches, Handkerchiefs, Hosiery,
Gloves, Housefurnishing Goods,
Men's Furnishings, Hats, Trunks, Valises,
Dolls, Baby Carriages, Vases, Flower Pots, Etc.
3D^_-VIS BROS.,
718 Market Street.
NEW TO-DAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY.
HE IS ACKNOWLEDGED TO BE THE MOST
successful Specialist of the age in the
treatment of all Nervous, Chronic and Private
diseases of both sexes. Lost Manhood, Vital
Losses, Exhausting Drains, lmpotency and
all sexual disorders of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED
and OLD MEN* a life-long study and practice.
Special attention given to diseases of the Eye,
Ear, Head, Heart, Throat, Stomach, Liver and
Bowels; Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Organs.
Prompt and perfect cures guaranteed. The
worthy poor of the city are welcome to his best
professional services on Friday afternoons of
every week, free and without cost. Call or
write. Offices permanently located ■-■"7 ■
7 7 3larket Street, San Francisco, Cal.
imaßH-B_r wllcox COMPOUND
7m WILCOX COMPOUND
ANSY* PILLS
ltt!K, Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Take
no substitute. For sale by alldrusßists. "52.00. Send
4c. for Woman' s Safeguard. WILCOX "SPECIFIC
CO.. 223 SOUTH EIGHTH ST.. PHI LA DA.. PA.THEIR OWN WAY
OR NOT AT ALL
Mining Men Object to a
Congressional Appro
priation.
QUARTER OF A MILLION
To Be Devoted Solely to the
Benefit of Private In
dividuals.
HYDRAULIC MINERS PROTEST.
They Claim the De Guerre Point Dam
Can Be of No Benefit to the
State at Large.
The bill passed by the House of Repre
sentatives in relation to a ?250,000 appro
priation for a dam to be built in this State
at De Guerre Point and which was taken
up by the Committee of Commerce of the
Senate and amended and reamended last
Saturday has thrown the executives of the
California Miners' Association into a steam
heat of excitement.
President J. 11. Neff of the association,
Julian Sountag, its secretary, and John M.'
'Wright, its attorney, have been in con
stant communication since Saturday with
the representatives of California at Wash
ington, appealing to them in the interests
of the miners of this State to have such
additional amendments to the bill to be
made that the appropriation will not.be
made for the benefit of private individuals
as against the good and benefit of the
hydraulic miners.
As set forth in the appended telegrams
and interviews it will be seen that the
executives of the Miners' Association be
lieve that .the building of a dam at De
Guerre Point would simply cause an im
mense natural reservoir to be formed there
which could be used for irrigation pur
poses by private individuals while it
would be of no benefit to the mining dis
tricts.
Following is the first and main tele
gram: 3
-an FBA-s-Cisco, April 25, 1896.
Hon. Tirey L.Ford. Hot- 1 mandie, Wash
ington, D. C- Please furnish verbatim copies
o. this telegram to Senators White and Terkins
immediately. .-•-?;*.:'•
After thorough examination and discussion
of the California Debris Commission reports to
date, the miners of the California "Miners'
Association are firmly convinced that the pas
sage of the so-called hydraulic appropriation
clause, as now worded, being the clause adopt
ed in committee on April 21, will work a grave
injury to the hydraulic miners of California,
and they would preier that no appropriation
at all should be made at this session if no
change can be had.
The appropriation as worded looks solely to
the construction of a dam at De Guerre Point,
and would result principally in benefiting the
owners of that certain individual water right
taken up at that place and intended to be
especially protected by the act of the Califor
nia Legislature entitled, "An act to amend sec
tion 1416 of the Civil Code of this State, re
lating to water rights," approved March 23, j
1895. ;„ - v' • <£ •. ■• .-• ■ .
The last report of the Debris Commission is
against the building of a dam at De Guerre
Point at present. See page 4064 Report of the
Chief of Engineers, United States Army, 1895.
The miners, believing that the works to be
constructed should conform to the present
views of the commission, as well as to the re
sults of their future investigations, desire par
ticularly that the appropriation clause shall
read as follows: For protecting the navigable
waters of the United States in the State of Cal
ifornia jj'250,000, to be expended in the con
struction of works for the restraining or im
pounding of mining debris, under the direc
tion of the Secretary of War in accordance
with such recommendations and plans of
the California Debris Commission as
shall be approved by the Secretary of War for
the purposes defined by section 4 "An act
to create the California Debris Commission
and regulate hydraulic mining in the State of
California," approved March 1, 1593; pro
vided, that the Treasurer of the United States
be and he is hereby authorized to receive from
the State of California, through the Debris
Commission of said State, or other officer
thereunto duly authorized, any and all sums
of money that" have been or may hereafter be
appropriated by said State for the purposes
herein set forth. And said sums, when so re
ceived, are hereby appropriated for the pur
poses above named, to be expended in the
manner above provided.
The use of the word "navigable" in lieu of
the words "Sacramento and Feather" is con-
Eidered extremely desirable to prevent possible
conflict as regards the California appropria
tion, with subdivision 33 of section 2o of
article IV, California constitution.
J. 11. Neff. President.
Attest:. Julian Eon-stag, Secretary.
1 |ln speaking of the De Guerre Point dam
yesterday, Secretary Sonntag said:
Hydraulic miners are not in favor of a dam
at De Guerre Point, as its erection would sim
ply be resultant of benefit to owners of certain
individual water-rights.
Mr. Sonntag refused to give the names
of the private individuals to be benefited.
It is well understood, however, in the as
sociation that they are represented at
Washington by Assemblyman R. I.
Thomas, who has been there since last
January at their expense, and who insti
gated the selection of De Guerre Point as
the place at which to invest the quarter of
a million dollar appropriation for a dam.
Speaking further on the subject, Mr.
Sonntag stated:
• The dam at De Guerre Point would give these
private interests a reservoir to be used for irri
gation purposes under protection of the
United States Government.
As it now stands the bill docs not permit
hydraulic miners to put in more debris back of
, the dam. The claim that this would be a bene
fit to the miners of Nevada County is not the
truth, a fact which is allowed and well under
stood by every hydraulic miner in the State.
The miners want the erection of dams
through Government appropriation left to the
United States Debris Commissioners. Let them
select the locations in canyon's where they
deem them of most benefit to both the miners
and people of the valleys.
We are strong in our belief in the impar
tiality of the United States engineers, who, we
leel, are the properly entitled uersons to decide
upon a case oi this Importance.
Some six years ago the United States Debris
Commissioners recommenaed the erection of a
barrier at De Guerre Point, Dut successive
commissions have rapidly grown less enthusi
astic, it is plain to them that the excessive
width of 5450 leet at De Guerre Point will in
volve tremendous expense for work that must
necessarily becomes inoperative by reason of
other dams erected in the interior of the State.
The California delegation at Washington did
excellent work last Saturday when they elim
inated the executive document. No. 16, H. X.,
Fifty-third Congress, second session, regu
lating hydraulic mining.
If they will further eliminate document ' 267
and document 98, as referred to in section I*s
of the Caminetti act, it will be a satisfactory
bill. Ip order to secure the quarter of a million
dollar appropriation for California on a satis
factory basis, I think the mention of the Amer
ican and Feather rivers should be dropped
and, the words navigable streams inserted in
lieu thereof.
It is the purpose of the executive officers of
the California Mining Association to endeavor
to secure a bill that will once for all benefit
•one of the greatest industries in the State.
.We feel grateful to Senators White and Per
kins and the entire Congressional delegation
that they have done what they have for us,
but we feel sure also that they will do more as
soon as they understand exactly what we
want. _BM9^QB_B93BR-KH-d_n_n_Bl
Attorney Wright read the following por
tion of the Caminetti law which is satis
factory to the hydraulic miners:
That said commission, in order that such
material as Is now or may hereafter be lodged
in the tributaries of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin river systems, resulting from mining
operations, natural erosion or other causes,
shall be prevented from injuring the said navi
gable rivers or such of the tributaries of either
as may be navigable and the land adjacent
thereto, is hereby directed and empowered,
when appropriations are made therefor by
law, or sufficient money is deposited for
that purpose in said debris fund, to build at
such points above the head of navigation in
said rivers and on the main tributaries thereof,
or branches of such tributaries, or at anyplace
adjacent to the same, which, in the judgment
of said commission, will affect said object (the
same to be of such materia: us will insure safety
and permanency), such restraining or im
pounding dams" and settling reservoirs, with
such canals, locks or oilier works adapted and
required to complete the same. • ■•> 333
The objectionable clause which winds
up section 25 of the act which the miners
desire to have amended, reads:
The recommendations contained In execu
tive document numbered 267, Fifty-first
Congress, second session, and executive docu
ment numbered 93, Forty-seventh Congress,
first session, as far as they refer to impounding
dams or other restraining works, are hereby
adopted, and the same are directed to be made
the basis of operations. The sum of $15,000
is hereby appropriated from moneys in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
immediately available to defray the expenses
of said commission.
Prior to leaving the City for his moun
tain home yesterday President Neff caused
the following telegram to De sent to Wash
ington :
Hon. Tirey L. Ford, Washington, D. C: The
particular objection to section 25, Caminetti
act, extends only to the adoption of document
267 and document 98, which are the same in
effect as document 16, and equally objection
able. All other portions of section 25, being
the same in effect as section 4, are satisfactory.
Furnish copies of this telegram to entire dele
gation. J. H. Nefk. President.
Julian oonxtag, Secretary.
The agreeable section 4 reads:
That it shall be the duty of said commission
to mature and adopt such plan or plans from
examinations and surveys already made and
from suc'i additional examinations and sur
veys as it may deem necessary as will improve
tlie navigability of all the rivers comprising
said systems, deepen their channels and pro
tect their banks. Such plan or plans shall be
matured with a view of making the same
effective against the encroachment of and
damage from debris resulting from mining
operations, natural erosion or other causes,
with a view of restoring, as near as practi
cable and the necessities of commerce and
navigation demand, the navigability of said
rivers to the condition existing in 1860, and
permitting mining by the hydraulic process,
as the term is understood in said State, pro
vided the same can be accomplished without
injury to the navigability of said rivers or the
lands adjacent thereto.
Within sixty days after the notice is posted
the claimant must commence the excavation
or construction of the works in which he in
tends to divert the water, and must prosecute
the work diligently and uninterruptedly to
completion, unless temporarily interrupted by
snows or rains; provided, that if the erection
of a dam has been recommended by the Cali
fornia Debris Commission at or near the place
where it is intended to divert the water, the
claimant shall have sixty days after the com
pletion of such dam in which to commence
the excavation or construction of the works in
which he intends to divert the water.
Sec. 2. Tins act shall take effect immediately
from and after its passage.
TO RAISE THE BLAIRMORE
Captain William Burns Sent
Here by tbe British Un
derwriters.
* ■ .
The Difficulties of Recovering the
Boiies in the Vessel by Means
of Divers.
Captain William Burns arrived in this
City last Friday from London and is at
the Occidental. He comes in the interest
of the Blairmore underwriters and will
consider the best method of recovering the
sunken vessel. ■■■■-. " ~ .-
Captain Burns is an experienced wrecker
and this is not his first visit to the Pacific
Coast, he having raised a sunken vessel at
Portland, Or., several years ago.
He will make a thorough examination
of the wreck, and upon his recommenda
tion the insurance companies in conjunc
tion with the owners will act. It is
thounht that an effort will be made to dis
pose of the hulk by sale, on account of the
cost and difficulty in getting her out of
the mud under the six or seven fathoms
of water in which she lies half buried.
Regarding the recovery of the bodies of*
the sailors entombed in the hull, the peril
of getting into the place where they are
supposed to be is a hazardous undertak
ing. One of Whitelaw's divers made the
attempt Saturday night and failed to get
near the vessel because of the swift cur
rent that sweeps through the wreck. He
iefused to go down again on account of
the great danger of the undertaking.
To enter the hull the diver, after reach
ing the bottom, would have to climb
twelve or thirteen feet up the perpendicu
lar deck to the open hatch. Then he
would drop the same depth down in the
interior. Walking along the bilge through
the soft, deep mud that has been. depos
ited there by the current he would reach
the between deck.
This would confront him like a wall and
up this in the darkness he would have to
climb. Through the second hatchway be
would grope and drop again onto the bilge
in tbe hold. Then he would be standing
upon the heap of ballast that rolled down
there when the Biairmore toppled over.
The bodies may be buried under this
ballast or floating somewhere up against
the upper bilge, thirty or forty feet above
the diver's head.
An entrance into the hulk through the
hole cut by the Union Iron Works people
would let the diver Into the lower hold,
and if he did not find the bodies there he
would have to grope his way into the be
tween-deck space, an exceedingly hazard
ous labor.
Graham Menzies, of Menzies & Co.,
stated yesterday that in no wise would
the owners of the vessel permit any more
holes to be cut in her. "The ribs of the
hull," said he, "are 28 inches apart, conse
quently acut through a plate would only be
that wide. If the bodies are not covered
up with the ballast they probably are by
the mud that has been deposited through
the wide hatchways into the hull. If
they are not washed out by the
ebb and flow "of the tide, which often
runs ten Knots an hour there. I
don't think it possible to recover
them until the ship is lifted to the
surface. He will be a courageous diver
who will risk his life' crawling down
through these batches and through the
darkness of that lower hold. That hull is
in good condition and is valuable and will
be raised notwithstanding the predictions
in certain quarters."
The Swain Estate.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 27.— Swain
estate contest will be tried before Judge
Greene and a jury June 16. The probate
of the will is to come up June 22. The
estate of Swain, who was past 84, is valued
at $115,000. His daughter, Mrs. Nellie
Leavitt Code, alleges in her contest to his
disposition of it that her stepmother used
undue influence to restrain him from al
lowing her what she should have had.
Paid Under Protest.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 27.— heirs
to the Adams estate paid their city taxes
to-day, amounting to $2075 71. A formal
protest was filed, in which they claimed
that the assessment of 150 acres should
have been only $289,000, instead of $465,
--200. This was the reduction made by the
Supervisors in the county, and it was
claimed the law required the City Assessor
to accent these figures. They offered to
pay $1314 95, the tax on that assessment.
* Lyon Post's Row.
OAKLAND, Cal. , April 27.— Lyon Post,
G. A. R.. has called an important. meeting
for to-morrow night to consider whether
they shall 3 exist any longer as a post or
shall surrender their charter.
It often requires a good deal of faith to
doubt. ■*'*-'.".'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
FREE DELEGATES
TO ST. LOUIS.
Republican Sentiment Is
Opposed to ' Iron-clad
Instruction.
ALL FAVOR PROTECTION
California Should Be Placed in
Line ' With the Next
Administration.
CHANCE TO SURVEY THE FIELD
Many Out-and-Out Supporters of Mc-
Kinley Favor an Unpledged
Delegation. • \
Whatever may be the opinion of Cali
fornia Republicans respecting the merits
of leading aspirants for the Presidency,
there is a widespread sentiment that the
delegates to the St. juouis convention
should not be sent there bound with iron
clad instructions to support the cause of
any particular candidate.
Colonel George Stone, president of the
Union League Club, is a strong McKinley
man and a candidate for delegate to the
National Convention. He is opposed to
giving the delegation any hard and fast
instructions, though believing that the
convention may well express a preference
which the delegation would feel bound to
support as long as good judgment made it
proper to do so..
"In my judgment as far as ''the State
Convention should go is to express its first
choice and send a delegation morally
bound to support that choice. lam not in
favor of ironclad instructions to the dele
gation.
"But I believe that the delegation
should be instructed to vote as a unit. It
should decide its vote in caucus and let
the majority rule. California has no favor
ite son, but it Las a choice, and the delega
tion should support that choice from the
first ballot until the chances of success
may appear gone. The State should have
a chance to vote for the winner. When
the time comes it may plump its votes as
circumstances dictate. California is the
first Western State on the roll and its
course might become a decisive one. I
notice that most of the Eastern State con
ventions have not given instructions
though many district conventions have.
If I were a delegate I would much dislike
to be bound by ironclad instructions. The
National Convention will not convene
until six weeks after the State Convention,
and it should be remembered that the sit
uation may change much in that time."
Dr. George A. Moore, president of the
Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company,
entertains the highest admiration for Mr.
McKinley. but he is not in sympathy with
the custom of instructing a delegation to
a National Convention. "He said: "I
should say that the. State Convention at
Sacramento should instruct our delegates
to vote for McKinley on the first and per
haps the second ballot, but the pledge
should not be so binding as to compel the
delegates to vote for him after it became
reasonably certain that he could not be
nominated. If McKinley is not nomi
nated on the first or the second ballot, the
prize will ultimately go to some other can
didate." ' 3333;; 7.77:
Colonel George W. Granniss said: "The
delegation from this State should not be
pledged to a fixed line of action. Some
margin should be left for the delegates to
exercise an intelligent judgment formed
by the surroundings. The preference of
Republicans here seems to be in favor of
McKinley as their first choice, and I should
say that the convention at Sacramento
ought to express that preference and ad
vise the delegates to the National Conven
tion to secure his nomination if possible.
Beyond that the delegation should not be
hampered with instructions."
Major W. O. Gould, past commander of
the Loyal Legion of California and a Re
publican from the days of Fremont and
Lincoln, expressed a high regard for Mc-
Kinley. and said that in his judgment the
State Convention at Sacramento ought to
give expression to the McKinley senti
ment and advise the delegation to support
the Ohio candidate. "Yet," said Major
Gould, "the delegates should not be bound
by positive pledges to support any candi
date. They should be left free to change
if circumstances demanded a change."
Judge F. W. Van Reneygom said: "The
delegates to the Republican National Con
vention should not be pledged. The expe
rience of the ' past in pledging our repre
sentatives to support the wrong candidate
should not be lost sight of. The delegates
which we send to St. Louis should be per
mitted to form their own judgment after a
careful and intelligent study of the situa
tion. In that way the State may be placed
in line with the nominee of the convention,
and thus secure some influence in the next
administration of National affairs."
Colonel C. Mason Kinne did not believe
in castiron instructions to do one thing
and nothing else. "Let us use a military
example. Say that a colonel of a regiment
was ordered to move in a certain direction
and occupy a designated advantageous po
sition. Should he find the direct road ob-
structed he certainly would be expected to
exercise his judgment and vary from in
structions in order to gain the advantage
desired. The delegates at bt. Louis should
be left free to grasp any fair advantage pre
sented. They should not be tied up to the
support of any particular candidate. I see
no objection to the principle of advising
our delegates by resolution to favor a par
ticular candidate, but the resolution should
not be in the form of instruction."
General S. W. Backus was not in sym
pathy with the idea of sending a delega
tion to St. Louis with a view of trimming
and trading to get on the winning side
for the purpose of obtaining State favors
from the incoming administration. He
said "If several able leaders , get on the
floor at the , Sacramento convention and
present in a true* light the attitude of a
California delegation going to St. Louis to
trade and caucus for advantage with the
administration at the time when the coun
try and party demand the highest intel
ligence and devotion in 3 behalf 3of good
government, there will be less talk of
schemes to get on the winning side.
"Now, I recognize," said General Backus,
"the strength and. popularity of McKin-'
ley,* and feel that a resolution favoring his
nomination should be adopted, yet, ; . if I
were elected 3 a delegate to the National
Convention and bound with a pledge to
support any candidate first, last and all
the time, I would decline to serve."
Charles Bassett and Judge Garoutte at
the Union League expressed the greatest
confidence in the success of McKinley at
St. Louis, holding that the Ohio man
would be nominated on the first ballot.
They thought that the State Convention
should instruct for McKinley, holding that
half the delegates already elected had
been instructed for him as first choice, and
very many of the remaining half had an
nounced McKinley as their second choice.
Major George Wheaton of the house of
Wheaton, Breon & Co, said allot the Re
publicans and many of the Democrats in
their wholesale region were out and out
for protection. He remarked : "We don't
care whether the delegates to St. Louis are
instructed or not, so long as they vote for
McKinley."
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
The Fire Commissioners Have No Funds
to Provide Additional Fire
Protection. *
The l"ire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and appointed David Harrison
and Jerry Sullivan hosemen of engine 28
and John H. McKean hoseman of engine
33.
A communication was read from the
Point Lobos Improvement Club asking for
additional fire protection for the Richmond
district. As the Commissioners have no
available funds at their disposal it was de
cided to send the communication to the
Board of Supervisors. The Commissioners
thought the streets in the district were not
in proper condition for fire apparatus to
roll over.
The Board of Health sent a communica
tion asking that an engine.be used for
emptying a sheet of water 250 feet wide by
500 feet long in block D, Ocean View dis
trict, as it was a menace to health. The
matter was referred to the chief engineer,
who will send an enpine.;
WILL HEAR CITIZENS.
Judge Murphy Denies That His Doors
Are Closed to the Unnaturalized.
Judge Murphy indignantly denies that
he has ever refused to hear.an application
for citizenship, or that he has ever done
so. He says he has often remained in his
courtroomuntillate at night bearing the
applications of those who wished, to be
heard. 3*' . '.
Some comments made upon the absence
of Judge Murphy's court : from the list
of those which would hear citizenship ap
plications are, according to the Judge him
self, erroneous. He says his court is al
ways open to those who wish to be ex
amined for citizenship and that be has
never refused to hear an applicant when
he presented himself.
IMPENDING BEER WAR.
A Serious Question Raised Over
the Reading of a
Letter.
Cost of Malt and Other Matters Cause
a Lack of Harmony in the
Association.
It was the intention of the Brewery
Workmen's Union to begin hostilities
against the Brewers' Protective Associa
tion at once, "but on the strength of infor
mation that reached Secretary Walters of
the union, the fight was deferred until he
can make further inquiry relative to the
letter sent to the latter body.
With a view of settling the old brewery
troubles of four years' standing, he sent a
letter to the association on the 20th inst.,
asking that a committee be appointed to
meet a committee from the union. Last
Saturday he called upon Secretary Mohr
of the association and was told that the
letter was simply nut on file without dis
cussion or comment.
The union upon learning of this consid
ered that the boss brewers intended to be
discourteous — in other words to give the
union a slap in the face. Then there was
a declaration of renewed war.
Yesterday Secretary Walters learned*
from more than one source that the letter
had never been read to the brewers when
they held their meeting on Friday. He
has reasons to believe that it was not
an unintentional oversight or accident,
but that there was some unexplained mo
tive for the letter being filed. With a view
of learning the exact attitude of the asso
ciation toward the union it was decided
not to begin the old fight again until it is
learned that an amicable settlement is im
possible. Walters is all the more con
vinced that there was some mistake, be
cause he has had the personal assurance
of a large number of the members of the
association that they were not unfriendly
to the union and would indorse the ap
pointment of a conference committee.
Walters will start out to-day and visit
these brewers upon the matter of the
letter and why it was tabled. The union
will also send similar letters to every
brewer in the City asking that he advocate
in the meeting a settlement of the differ
ences by conference committees. He be
lieves that this can be done, particularly
as the union only asks for recognition and
not higher wages or shorter hours for the
workmen.
This matter has caused no little agita
tion among the brewers themselves, for
they realize that a fight with* the union,
supported by the other trades unions of
th« City, would cause a beer-rate war. In
the first place there are several breweries
outside of the City whose own
ers would be only too glad to
take advantage of a boycott to
send their product to this City. One
is . the Buffalo Brewery of Sacramento,
which is a union brewery, all its employes
being members of Branch 6 of the local
union. Vallejo. Alameda and Oakland
also would send union beer to San Fran
cisco. Some of them are sending beer to
this City now ; the Sacramento and Vallejo
breweries, and Eastern union beer would
find a livelier sale in this market in the
event of a fight.
The association bosses, however, fear
that some of their own members would
kick over the traces, so to speak, notwith
standing the big cash bonds all the mem
bers are under. From all that can
be learned the best of feeling
and confidence does not exist among
the members for several - reasons.
One is that several brewers have been
heavily fined for breaking their obliga
tions to the association by* trying to take
away the patrons of other brewers. Sev
eral of the fines for this and other
offenses have reached as high as $100,
which were paid.
Another cause for dissatisfaction has its
root planted in the question of unionism.
The commercial malthouses, the Empire,
Pioneer, South Park and New York, only
pay their workmen from $10 to $14 a week,
while most of the brewers who make their
own malt pay their men from $18 to
$20 and some $22 a week. ;In
consequence of cheap * labor the malt
houses sell malt to the Anchor, St.
Louis, Bavaria, California, American,
Union, Broadway, Enterprise, Milwaukee
and Columbia breweries, -*5 to 30 oents
cheaper per : 100 pounds than the other
breweries can produce it. This gives a
profit of from 25 to 30 cents per barrel to
those who patronize the; malt houses.
This inequality in profits in an association
that is recognized as a pool has caused
much discontent.
Those who make their own malt are em
ploying union men and to make a reduc
tion in their wages would start a strike
and a bitter trades-union fight, which
would simply open the doer to outside
competition , and a game of cut-throat in
the. way of a beer war. 3. _3;3:.
The disaffected members say that by a
general recognition of the union the cost
of production would b,e equalized and a
trades-union and cheap beer war avoided.
OVER MEXICO'S CREST.
r« *"■'•' Tr-ii i 3 j tt-
Engineer Killabrow and His
Party Climb Heights for
Huntington.
GOING TO HAVE A NEW ROAD.
Will Reach From Durango to Guada
lajara, 500 Miles, ani Miybs •
to Mazatlan.
Samuel Killabrow, chief engineer of lo
cation for the Mexican International Rail
way, owned by C. P. Huntington,' who
has been surveying different lines over the
continental divide of Mexico, is at, the
Grand. He is accompanied by Mrs. Killa
brow and is on his way to Guatemala.
Engineer Killabrow has during the last
year and a half surveyed over a region
1500 miles long. When he was asked last
night if it was rough he said : 3*3;
"I reckon it is, when you can't carry a
wagon and can hardly get through on a
burro."
He was trying to get a feasible route
from Durango to Guatemala and finally
got one located, making the distance be
tween, about 500 miles.
" "Durango is the present terminus of the
Mexican • International," said Engineer
Killabrow, "and we want to get out where
there is a big country and many towns
not previously touched by a. road. There
is a branch road from Irapuato, on the
Mexican Central, to Durango.
"The towns we will reach by the new
line are Nombredois, a small place; Som
bererete, with 12,000 people, and Cnelchi
chuitis, with about ) 10,000. -The two latter
are principal places, but of course there
are many small town and villages.
: "The country is composed of valley and
mountains. The elevation varies from
6250 feet at Durango to 5150 at Guadala
jara. 1 crossed the continental divide
twice. I saw one bonanca, or canyon,
2000 feet deep and but half a mile wide.
"There is much good country, despite
the roughness. All kinds of fruits grown
in California, except prunes, thrive there.
My surveying party is now between Du
rango and the Pacific coast. If found
leasable we will extend the road also to
Mazatlan, 170 miles from Durango."
Mr. Killabrow has been with the lead
ing railroads of Mexico for fourteen years.
He was formerly chief engineer of the
Mexican Pacific. It was built by an En
glish syndicate at an expense of several
millions and was finally forfeited to
Mexico. It was about fifty - kilometers
long. .3-33
Engineer Killabrow will sail for Guate
mala to-day." He is going on private busi
ness, he says. •■ — ' ■
• Railroad Commissions to Meet.
An invitation has been received by the Cali
fornia State Board of Railroad Commissioners
to attend the eighth annual convention of the
railroad commissions of the United States, to
be held at the office of the Interstate Commerce
Commission at Washington, D. C, May 19,
1896. The session promises to be a very in
teresting one to all interested in transporta
tion problems, as at the last meeting com
mittees were appointed to report at this ses
sion on the following subjects: Railway
statistics, uniform classification, legislation
for the protection of public interests during
railway labor contests, regulation of State and
interstate electric railways; powers, duties
and actual work accomplished 'by the several
State railway commissions during the year;
Government control and Government regula
tion of railways, safety appliances, pooling of
freights and division of earnings.
ARE NOT COUNTER CLAIMS
Judge Seawell's Decision in a
People's Home Bank
Case.
Debtors May Not Buy Up Passbooks
After Liquidation Proceed
ings Begin.
Judge Seawell has decided that a de
posit in a bank under liquidation is not
an offset to a debt. The decision was
rendered in the suit of Henry Westphal
and C. A. Swanberg against the People's
Home Savings Bank to restrain the bank
from selling certain securities for a $40,000
note. ' "! ;:t -:"^33'
On January 21, 1893, Westphal borrowed
$40,000 from the People's Home Bank,
executing a promissory note in return and
400 shares of the Morgan Oyster Company
in security. C. O. Swanberg guaranteed
the payment of the note. Before April 30,
1894, this note was reduced by the pay
ment of $18,000,
On May 1, 1894, proceedings to compel a
liquidation of the bank's affairs were com
menced by the Attorney-General. In the
January following the bank was adjudged
insolvent. In the meantime, between Feb
ruary 15 and . April 30, : 1891, Westphal
bought up at a discount the accounts of
a number of persons, aggregating $18,000
0r519,000, and these assigned deposits he
wished to be considered as an offset to the
balance due on his note.
The action just decided was one brought
to restrain the ban„ from selling the stock
pledged as security for the note to satisfy
the balance due. The plaintiff claims
that the relation between depositor and
bank was the same as that of debtor and
creditor, and that a debtor to the bank for
money borrowed, who is also a depositor,
has the same right to set off his deposit
against his debt as any debtor has to set
off a debt due by his creditor to him. ;
Judge Seawell held that a counter claim
as an offset was such a claim as conld be
set up in court by a defendant against a
plaintiff. A deposit is not such a claim;
he says in his opinion, for it is not always
capable of being enforced. Deposits must
be loaned out or otherwise invested in
order to gain interest upon them, and a
savings bank only engages to pay de
positors when thfre is money on hand
which the directors may not deem neces
sary for dividends or other disbursements.
. After 3 proceedings were commenced
against the bank by the Attorney-General,
and after the. bank failed, two dividends,
each of 2 per cent, were declared and paid
bythe directors. This 'was the extent of
Westphal's demand upon the -bank, says
Judge Seawell, for otherwise his position
would amount to that of a preferred cred
itor. The money in the hands of a bank
in liquidation is for all the depositors, and
Judge Seawell; holds that ho one by pur
chasing at a large discount the accounts of
others can set those accounts against the
bank up against money due by him which
belongs to the depositors in proportionate
shares. Had the action been brought be
fore May 1 Westphal might then have
recovered the full amount of bis deposits
as an offset to his debt. ; As it was the
proceedings to compel litigation changed
the whole aspect of the case.
Stole Three Chickens.
Jonn Furlong, alias McCluskey, was arrested
last evening by Policeman James O'Connor
and Special Officer Nelson on the charge of
burglary. ' Ho is accused of breaking into a
henhouse on Francisco and Kearny streets and
-stealing three chickens.
jls' £^|r /" ,fcf~^ § 'jgj ■ 'ill &l\
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
-*-*- being one of the vyoifDEßs of the woeld, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those In search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. V. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, B. F.
PACIFIC COMESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESOKT IN CALIFORNIA. S
LOCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
• * Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fo?, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 460 feet south.
Large Double Rooms, With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING of the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATER of the alkalo-
chalybeate class: valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaneous affections.
HOTEL. COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL lighted with electricity; electric bells, tele-
graph and telephone; good stables.
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Write for particulars
J. F. PFETCH, Saratoga, Cal.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have Yon Been- These LatelyT
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoffice.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG !
Queen of All Mountain Resorts.
The Tavern of Castle Crag:, the most
beautiful, attractive and accessible of
all mountain resorts, will open for the
reception of guests June Ist, and close
October Ist, 1896.
GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager,
Room 59, Union Trust Building**,
San Francisco.
IXTO VV* O.F»Es_>a".
Under the Old Management.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES. ON AUSTIN
Creek, ln the heart of the Sonoma Redwoods,
terminus of N. P. C. R. R., via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at 1:45. Fine swimming, hunting
and trout fishing. Terms reasonable. For par-
ticulars address
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor.
■ • Cazadero. Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Lake County, Cal.
THE FAVORITE SUMMER AND WIN-
. TER RESORT.
HANDSOME NEW. HOTEL; LARGE AND
commodious rooms; large new dining-room;
everything newly furnished throughout the hotel
and cottages.
Stage daily from Caiistoga to springs: round-trip
ticket at Southern Pacific oflice, $8. Fine fishing
and hunting. Address J. A. HAYS, Proprietor.
CI IT I fl fl fl HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V V A I'l ' V County, only 4V a hours from
\ n D ITIT \ San Francisco; but 9 miles
II |\ fl 11 II II waging: new road through
'»*»**''—'■ **■ **» canyon: new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130° Kahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiios* and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 v. _. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Rates $I*2 a week ; baths free.
■■ ■** J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Rear Val-
ley; postoffice, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and **** 12 per week.
VICTOR W. Kit A USS, Manager.
JOS. F. RE RAND. Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays. 2 to 4 p. X,
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACE FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; V 2 -mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States .an I the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.-. .
EL * BONITO HOTEL
NOW. OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR THE
AM season ; salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc. : term,
reasonable, >• G.W.MORGAN,
, Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., CaL
FOR A SUMMER OUTINO.
FOR RENT FROM JUNE 1-NEW COTTAGE,
5 rooms. and bath:. furnished; beatitifui loca-
tion; '_ miles from Glen Ellen; $40. Apply to
UWO. G. CLARK,
Oflice Wells, Fargo & Co., City.
NEURALGIA,
SORE THROAT,
SORE EYES,
UV/I\l_4 JU 1 L/«Jf
SPRAINS AND BRUISES
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED BY
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
It Sever Fails to Relieve. Can't Hurt a Child. Costs 2.1 Cents to Try It.
■;j*/- . Any Druggist Will Get Jt for You. Study the Directions.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
Onthe Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A' SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral, springs? Shortest stage
route Into Lake County. . ■
Ail this and more can be had at Highland
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From San Francisco It costs only "8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to $2 50
per day or "510 to $16 per week. Take the S. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the pronrietorship of MR.
JOHN E. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. • It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
SANTA CATALISA ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
UNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
coast excurs. ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, ' horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open, Island Villa in July. ■
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to *
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
■ 222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most Picturesque. I Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has just
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieta and. Highland Springs,
Adams, Seigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco. $5 60; round trip. $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. (*. B. WYA'IT, proprietor,
Soda Bay, Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS HOTEL,
: Hopland, Mendocino County, Cal.,
"wtixjlj o:_=»__-_Nr _vc____-_r 1
THIS NEW 3-STORY, HARD- FINISHED Ho-
tel is located 2 miles from Hopland station, on
the line of S. F. &N. P. P.. R. The hotel Is built
on a knoll, 250 feet above the variay and 1000 feet
above sea-level. There are several furnished cot-
tages; also fine Electric and Magnesia Baths.
Amusements: Rililards, Lawn-Tejnls, Croquet,
Shuflle-Boards. Fine walks to Duncan Peak, 2201)
feet. Beautiful view.
O. HOWELL, Proprietor.
Board, SIO to SIS Per Week. Free Bus.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
T Vi '" , COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT^ OPEN THE
year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For Information address JOHN
SPAULDING, Seigler Springs, Lake County, Cal.
INWOOD FARM.
AN .» IDEAL SUMMER HOME.
For particulars and terms address :***
FRED N. SHELDEN,
Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
'"':} HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
R. E. RADEI!, PROPRIETOR.
* Rates, $7 per week. Bath end all modern con-
veniences In connection witn Hotel.
.___. -Q. IVTc.-WT-A.TDEX-'S-
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hunting and fishing where game of all kinds is
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Ukiah,
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Hullviile. P. O. address, Hullville, Lake Co. Cal.
GLENBROQK
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RE-
Jl sorts In the State. Fine scenery, bunting and
ifishin?; excellent table. For circulars and further
nformation address  O. W. R. TREDWAY,
. Proprietor, Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
FOR THE SUMMER, OR 1, 2 OR 3 YEARS—
Furnished house of 13 rooms; bath: 5 minutes'
walk from Berkeley station. Apply on premises,
2316 Alston way, cor. Chapel st., opposite Univer-
sity grounds.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
Lake (formerly Lower Bine Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; boating and bathing free; no
pains will be spared to provide a good table; terms
$8 to $12 per week: route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare $5; round trip $9 60. Address H.
WAMBOLD. Prop., Bertha P. P., Lake County .CaL
SOLID COMFORT HOME RESORT— II MILES
from Napa City, on* Mount Veder; elevation
1500 feet; mountain spring water: fine scenery;
healthiest climate: positive cure for asthma; good
board and room $8 per week; open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Napa City $1 50 via Phoenix Livery
Stable. Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN, Napa City.
SARATOGA SPRING*. LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
O — The .most beautiful summer resort in the
State: 8 -different springs; sulphur, soda, iron,
magnesia, seltzer, eta; good fishing and hunting:
accommodations first-class; rates $10 per week
and upward: table unexcelled: hard-finished
rooms en suite and cottages. Address J. MAR-
TENS, Bachelor Pcs' oflice, l.ako County, Cal.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. -good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
T~BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months; private family;
beautiful ground?; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fni city. MRS. HAN SEN, Belmont
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Linseed Oil lower.
Silver higher.
All Cereals dull and unchanged.
Bran advanced.
Hay very weak.
Beans rule dull.
New Potatoes and Onions arm.
Vegetables rather weaker.
Butter came in heavily.
Cheese off a fraction. :: ■***_ ,•
No change in Eggs.
A car of Eastern Poultry sold.
Strawberries lower.
Cherries in poor condition.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Tallow lower.
Provisions dull.
Increased Imports of Specie.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount oi
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, conn. c: points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
cetera to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by clou weather "and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Whin the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coa^t. rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a ••high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
,* United Status Department of Agricul
ture, Weather Bureau, San Francisco.
April 27. 1896, 5 p. m. — Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are tne seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same da c last sea
son: Eureka 44.69, last season 4 J. 62; Red Bluff
20.17, las: season 28.04; San Francisco 20.44, las'
season 24.89; Fresno 8.16. last season 13.58: san
Luis Obispo 17.62. last season 25.27: Los Angeles
9.06. last season 15.87: San Diego 5.90, last season
11.95; Yuma .>*B, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temp ratures are re
ported from stations in California during the past
twenty-lour hours: Eureka 66. Red Bluff 62,
San Francisco 55. Fresno 66. San Luis Obispo 60,
Los Angeies 64, san Diego 62, Yuma 74.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 55,
minimum 46. mean 50.
The pressure is highest this evening in the
vicinity of San Francisco and lowest in the Da
kotas. Fair weather continues in California while
showers prevail throughout Oregon and Wa hing
ton. The conditions ' are becoming still more
favorable for fair weather in the Pacific Coast
•states.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. April 28. 1896:
Northern California — Generally fair Tuesday,
except partly cloudy in the extreme north por
tion: fresh westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh west
erly to northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair: somewhat warmer Tuesday.
Utah— Generally fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday; brisk
westerly winds.
W. H. Hammon, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKET!).
Financial.
'■ NEW YORK, N. V., April 27.-The receipt of
higher quotations from London, which were ac
companied by buying orders from that center, led
to a strong opening for stocks to-day. Foreign
houses, it is esiimated, bought fully ten to fifteen
thousand shares of st. Paul, Louisville and Nash
ville and the low-priced south westerns, winch
ought to put an end to the sensational talk on
Venezuelan affair*, at lea— for a time. As a mat
ter of tact, foreign investors and speculators ap
pear to be paying more attention to earnings of
our railways than our politics just now.
For instance the statements of the St. Paul and
Omaha. Lonisviile anil Nashville Southern Rail
way and some of tbe smaller Southwesterns just
submitte 'for the third week of April and for the
month of March, all showed good increases, and
this in a measure explains the foreign and local
commission-house buying. The advance in the
railway group was equal to V_9^*Vs per cent.
Omaha common led with sales as high as 45Sg.
St. Paul, Burlington and Quincy and Rock Island
all sold at the best hemes ior some time past.
Manhattan was strengthened by the belief that
the company will secure important concessions
from the city shortly and advanced to lliy>@
110%.
in the industrials sugar was the great feature.
The stock first rose from 122% to 125, then fell to
123% and recovered to and closed at 124%. Re
cent short ' sellers on reports of advent Con
gressional action were the most eager buyers. The
afternoon break was due to a raid by a prominent
operator, who, it is said, was misled by last week's
rumors from Washington about the abolition of
the '• „c differential and who attempted to get back
his stuck. A meriean Tobacco was in demand;and
moved up from 71% 1° 7:-!'".B@73i/2.
Chicago < *.i> and Lead were also slightly higher.
The advance posted figures for sterling exchange
of V_ was made to conform more c osely to fhe
selling rates and bad no influence. Speculation
closed firm and \\@2 per cent higher on the day,
with the exception of Leather preferred, which
lost 3. 8 per cent. The total sales were 174.500
Shares. < S***&*'^'"S@3"g*£
- Bonds were higher. The transact mis footed up
$1,427,000. Chesapeake and Ohio consolidated
sixes rose Ito ll'/*.; i'eoria and Eastern incomes,
2% to 21%; St Louis and san Francisco general
sizes, 1 to 109; Toledo, Peoria and Western
fours, 1 to 80. ; v *  . . -., . v . .
In Government bonds. $210,000 coupons fours
of 1925 brought 118^ s ©119; $1000 do regis
tered, 118, and $1200 registered fours of 1907,
108*; .
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII; steady: winter wheat, low grades,
$2 20(33: do fair to fancy, *2 85(1^3 86: do patents,
$3 90@4 20: Minnesota clear,* $2 iOfa** 15- do
straits, $3@3 50: do patents, $3 45@4 35; low
(trade extras, $2 20*i3: city mills, $4 10(3.4 20; do
patents. $4 : Ota. 5 50; rye mixture, $2 6008 30
--superfine. $2(g12 35: line, *t*J(a2 30. Southern Hour
dull, steady; common, to 'air extras, $2 40'0i3:
good to choice do, $3@3 30. Rye Hour quiet
$2 40@2 85. Buckwheat flour, $1 20&1 25.
WHEAT- 4004%. .
CORN MEAL— Quiet, steady; yellow Western,
$2 20G-2 25: Brandy wine. $2 20.
RYE— Firm: Western, 46Vic; State, 47*"4(a:48c.
BARLEY— Quiet, steady; ungraded. Western,
39@41c.
BARLEY MALT— Nominal: Western, 4i"@53 •.
> WHEAT— Dull, easier; f. a b., 763/gC to arrive;
ungraded red. 70(g»79c: No. 1 Northern, *"25/ ac to
arrive.
opticus were dull and irregular, closing weak at
Vs©*/2'- decline on easier rabies, foreign selling
weak. West and local realizing, Willi a large la
crease on passage. July and May were most active.
No. 2 reds April, 72% c: May. 70% c: July, 705 /8 c;
September, 70iAc; December, 7*J<-.
Stocks of grai i more and afloat April 25: Wheat,
271,259; corn, 91,199: oats. 1,463,499; rye, 8821:
barley. 8886; mall, 1*7,6-8 taut-el*.
CORN— DuII: easier. No. 2, 37'yjc elevator:
:i H\-j(a.:i 8 afloat. . s***...
Options were dull and steady, with only a local
trade. May most active.. April. 3a%c; May,
■**4 C ' July, "*6% c: September, 37*"4 c.
OATS — Quiet: easier.
Op.lons— Dull, easier: May, 2414 c; July, 24L5>c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 25V.c: No. 2, white, 2(*i.©
28V&C. white State. 26fa28'-*-c.
FEED BRAN— 6oC_f.2*V_c.
MIDDLINGS-62070C.
RYE— Feed, 66©70 c.
Provisions. *-',;.
BEEF-Quiet, easy. Family, $9 50011: extra
mess. «7@B. - Beet hams, dull; 714016 60; tierced
beef. Steady: city extra India mess, $14015 60:
cut m»nts. slow-, pickled bellies. 12 lbs, 4%c; do
hlionlii-rs. 4 1 ,'_@4'' 4 c: pickled hams, bV.©9c
LARD — Duf;. lower; Western steam, $505:
city, $4 55; May. ¥*> 05. ..'Refined, slow; con
tinent. $5 45: South American. •**.*> 75: compound,
41 jfcl *..,-.
PORK— Steady. New mess, $10(3(30 25. .?'
u UTTER — Good demand: choice, firm. State
dalrv, f*ol4*/ 3 c: do creamery, 10015 c: Western
dairy, old. 709 c; do creamery, 10016 c: do held.
9011 c; do factory. 7010 c; Elglns. 15c; Imitation
creamery,* {;"/_<&*. lVjC.
CHEESE — Quiet. State large, ' 5®9"4c: do
fancy. 9%@11%c; small, 4%(*"iloc; part skims,
3@4%c; mil skims. 2<cu2%c.
EOGS— Large receipts. Fancy, steady. Stateand
Pennsylvania, ll%c; southern, 9@loc; Western
fresh, 10@ll%c.
TALLOW— Quiet, easy. City, 38/ 8 c; country,
S%@3%c.
COTTONSEED Oil.— Quiet, steady. Crude, 22c:
yellow, prime, 4 @25%c: do. off grade. 23%@
25 %c.
RESIN— Firm. Strained common to good, $2. *
TURPENTINE— Quiet, steady. 29@29i/ac.
POTATOES— New, active and firm.
RlCE— Firm, Domestic fair to extra, 3@5 B Ac;
Japan, 4@4%c. -*-•/-.
MOLASSES— demand, firm. New Or
leans open kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Firm, unchanged to 10 points up.
May, $12 75@12 80: June, $12 60®12 55: Sep
tember, $11 45@11 55: October, $11 10; Decem
ber, $10 80; March, $10 75@10 80. Spot Rio dull,
steady; No. 7, 13 3 /i<*.
SUGAR— Raw firm, quiet. Fair refining, S"«4®
3%c; centrifugals 96 test, 4 5-16 c. Refined, quiet,
steady, off A. 4 15-16@5%c: mold A, 53,4 c;
standard A. 5%c; confectioners' A, 43/ 8 c; cut loaf
and crushed, 6%c; powaered, 534 c; granulated,
5%c; cubes, fi^c.
Fruit and Produce.
. CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS—Soft-shell, 7%@Bc; do paper-shell,
U@l3c. **'■■■
APRICOTS— Bags, 8%@12c
PEACHES— reeled, %* lb, 10@12c; do unpeeled,
s@B%c
PRUNES— Four sizes. 6c.
RAISINS— London layers, 90c@$l; do three
crown, 334(gi4c. , • -.;
WALNUTS— Standard, 2 «7c; do soft-shell,
8%(6;10c. /--
HOPS— Quiet, steady; common to choice, 2%ffl
8c: Pacific Coast. 2%@7c.
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 15@21c; pulled,
15@33c; Texas, 7@7%c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Moderately active; American. $11©
13 60.
COPPER-Quiet; Lake, $10 76.
LEAD— Bteady; domestic, $3 05.
TIN-steady: straits, $13 15@13 40; plates,
moderate demand.
SPELTER-Quiet : domestic, »4@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111., April 27.— Circumstances were
not propitious for an advance in wheat to-day.
The weather continued favorable, Liverpool cables
were lower and no one expected that the visible
supply world show an enormous decrease. There
was some selling out of odd lots of May early in
the session which added to the indifference of the
feeling. Prices opened under Saturday's close and
declined further during the morning. The world's
shipments for the week amounted to 7,438.000
bushels. This was the largest in many weeKs and
had a disappointing effect on prices. Receipts at
Chicago were 12 cars and 90,519 bushels were
taken from store. The Northwest had 509 cars,
against 477 last Monday and 514 a year ago. The
visible supply, with all points reported, showed a
decrease af 537,000 bushels. The amount on ocean
passage Increased 1,200.000 bushels. The English
visible supply decreased 604,000 bushels. Closing
Continental cables were irregular, declines being
quoted ln a majority of Instances. Atlantic sea
board clearances amounted to 165.140 bushels.
July wheat opened from 64% c*° 64R. B e. sold be
tween 64%@64c, closing at 64% c, 1 2(3- s '« c under
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 18
cars. » •
CORN— The trade in corn was, at times, consid
erably larger than it has recently been. The busi
ness was of an all-round cleaning-up sort, the ap
proach of the first of May prompting traders to
close up that month's contracts. Some transferred
their deals into distant options and others did not
assume new risks. The tone of wheat was accept
ed as a guide In defining the course of prices. Re
ceipts were 233 cars and 140,581 bushels were
taken from ore.
Liverpool cables were dull. The visible supply
decreased 2.016,000 bushels, and the amount on
ocean passage 3**0,000 bushels. Atlantic seaboard
clearances were 446,976 bushels. July corn
opened at 30% c, sold at 30% c, where it closed, %
@%c under Saturday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 425 cars. ,-' :; ' _ ;" . :■
OATS— Were dull and inactive. The movements
of wheat and corn were emulated. As in the
other grains there was some liquidation of May
both by longs and shorts. Receipts were
228 cars, and 23,156 bushels were withdrawn from
store July oats closed %@%C under Saturday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 400 cars.
FLAX- Was steady; cash, 92c: May, 88C-688%c:
July, 90% c; September, 92% c bid. Receipts 24
cars.
PROVISIONS— Another heavy influx of hogs
were reported at the yards this morning. Natur
ally this affected the market at that place unfav
orably, and in due course was disadvantageous to
product. The easy feeling of wheat was likewise
an unfavorable feature. July- pork closed 20c
lower. July lard and ribs each 10c lower.
BUTTER— Was fairly steady 10-day. .Shippers,
as well as local buyers took "hold freely, and the
movement was quite satisfactory. Creameries-
Extras. 14c; firsts, 13@13%c: seconds. 10@llc:
imitations, fancy, 10@ilc. Dairies, extras, 13c;
firsts, ll@12c; seconds. 9c. Ladles, extras, 9®
10c: firsts. 8(g»Si 2 c; packing stock 7c.
EGGS The sale of eggs was slow. Business was
quiet and the feeling weak. Many poor eggs were
offered. Strictly fresh sold at 9<aioc.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and 6®75" on time
time loans. New York exchange sold at 86c pre
mium. :.*..•-•■
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— ApriI, 62 *%c; May. 62% c; July,
64% c. - -*•* 7-
CORN— April. 29% c: May, 29% c; July, 30% c:
September, 31*40. .-.'.--
OATS— May, 18% c; * July, 19% c; Septem
ber, 20@20%c.
PORK— May, $8 17%: July, $8 37%: Septem
ber, $8 60.
LARD-May, $4 72%; July, $4 85; September,
S5.
RIBS— May, $4 10; July, $4 25; September,
$4 40.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., April 27.— There
was an extremely light run of cattle to-day and
buyers were obliged to pay 10®20c advance, on
last week's closing figures. The market was firm.
The demand for hogs was fairly active, but a heavy
run resulted in a decline of 6®loc in prices. A
liberal supply of sheep was on sale. The demand
was brisk and steady prices ruled.
CATTLE - Receipts,. 8000. Fancy beeves,
$4 20(js4 25: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $3 SO*?;-* 15: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $3 75(a3 85; medium steers. 1000
to 3400 pounds' $3 60@3 70; common steers. 950
to 1400 pounds. $3 4i*<&3 55: choice feeders,
900 10 1150 pounds, $3 60@3 85; common to good
siockers. $;"'oi3 65: bulls and stags, choice to
extra. $2 75©3 25; bulls, poor to choice, $2 1 5(3
J 70; cows and heifers, extra. $3 50(34; cows, fair
to cnoice. $2 40@3 40; cows, common to fair,
$1 50®2 35: calves, good to choice, $4 25
(o>4 85; calves, common to good. $3@4 20; Texas
steers, poor to choice. $3(33 76; milkers and
springers, per head, $20@40.
HOGS— Receipts, 44,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 35@3 65: common to choice
mixed. $3 35(33 66: choice assorted, $3 65®3 80;
light, $3 46(33 80; pigs. $-* 90-33 75-
SHEEP— Receipts. 17,000. Inferior to choice,
?2(ft3 60; lambs, $3 60*04 75. .
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. ■7.7:-[' : 7
Money on call easy at 2%@3„: last loan at 2%%
and closing offered at 2%%: Prime mercantile
paper, 5%@6%. Bar silver, 67c. Mexican dollars.
54c. Sterling exchange firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87"/ 2 ®4 87* _. lor sixty
days and $4 _)"%@4 88*4 for demand. Posted rate*,
$4 88%@4 89%. Commercial bills, $4 86*4.(3
4 87*/4. Government bonds firm; State bonds dull;
rauroad bonds strong Silver at the board was
quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel* Cable.... \>i 1 Norfolk & Wes;... %
Atchison- lb 1 /* 1 Preferred. 5%
•'referred ........ 2 &% Northern Paclflo.. Is/a
Adams Express. ..l6o i Preferred. l2s/ 8
Alton.TerreHaute. 55 Norm western. l w ">%
American Express.ll3 Preferred i * hl /2
American Tobacco. 72% N. Y. Central 881/4
Preferred 95 |N .Y. Chicago AS.!*, 14
Bay State Gas 24 7 /sj Istpreferred 78i/ 2
Baltimore & Ohio.. 17% -d preferred. 33i/ 2
Brunswick Lands.. *$_ N. Y.& N. H „173
Buffalo, Roch <fcP. 16%jN. Y.<fcNew Ens. *0
Canada Pacific.... 61 N. Y. Susq <_ W._ h%
Canada Southern.. 60% Preferred m 24a,a
Canton Hind....... 60% Ontario 14 /B
Central Pacific... 15 %1 Ontario <fc Western. 15%
Vhtß.A 0hi0....... 17*</ii<Jiegon Improving 1
Chicago Alton 154 ] Preferrea. —
Preferrea...' 170 Oregon Navigation. 18
Chicago, H. A *U. ... o*-% Oregon Short Line. 76/ 8
Chicago-; E. H1... 41 FaciticMaU 27%
Preferred......... 89 Peoria, D.i Evans. 2i/ 2
Chicago wa5.. ...... 6 : t% Pittsburg* W pfd. 15
Cleve<- Pittsburg. lbO Pullman Palace... lo3
Consolidation Coau 30% Quicksilver „ 1
consolidated Ga5.. 161% Preferred. _; 16
c. C.C. <Jt St. Louts. 85 Reacting .'..... 12%
Preferred.. 81 ißloGrandeAWwto 18
Cclo. Fuel <_ iron.. 31% Preferred......... .43
"Preferred.:..-.. 100 Rock Island 73%
Cotton oil Cert.... 11% KomeWat<_Ogdealls%
Commercial Cable. 157 fct. L. it — . Vv i*;.
Lei. Hudson 127% Preferred. li
Del. Lack (feWesternl -ii\ 2 tt.Paui 79
Denver-; B. G„..*.. 1 <-/ 4 Preferred 128
Preferred.... 49 6 /8 St. Paul* Duluth. 24
Distillers 19%' Preferred..*....... 87
General Electric... 37% tt. Paul & Omaha. 44%
Erie *T. 15's Preferred.. .......124
Preferred 39% Bfc P. M. & __ 110
Fort Wayne !160 silver Certincates.. 68%'
Great Northern Did. 1 10 southern Pacific... -.0
Green nay % Southern K. 97/,
Harlem...... 295 Preferred.;....... 31%
Hocklne Coal 2% bugar Refinery.... 124*4
Hocking Valley... lV Preferred. 10..3.
Homesiake 30 ,1 tnn. Coal <_ Iron. 305
H. <~ Texas Cent.. ""%• Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 9bi 2 i Texas Pacific...  8%
lowa Central...".... 9%ToI.A.A.<SN.Mio_,— —
Preferrea ....... 3/ '1 01. «fe Ohio cen.. 36
Kansas <S. Texas. 1i%3 Preferred... '" 72
Preferred......... 28*/ 8 iol-St.Loulsd.i_a 6%
Kingston-: Pern... -3 Preferred 10
Lake Erie A West a 18*"4 Union Paclflo. . S5/»
preferred 72i, 4 L P.. Den. 4 Gait 3%
L*_e Shore lsoi/ 4! I) .S. Cordage. „.,._ 6%
National Lead 27%' Preferred _, 101/0
I'referred......... 01% Guaranteed... .__ 21%
Long Island ....... 80 L*. S. Express.. .... 40 '
Louisville & Nash. ~2%iU. Is. leather. ..... 9
Louisville Na<_C_. . '. *i*±\ Preferred. 626/
Preferred......... -0 l".S.Ruober 26%
Manhattan Consoi.llo%! Preferred.. 86
Memphis "fcCnarU*. 15 Ctlca<_B. River.. 150
Mexican central... 11 I Wab. S. L. & Pao.. 71/..
Michigan Central.. E7% Preferred......-.;. 1*34
Mlnu<ta.l. — IWells-Farg0........ 99
Preferred... ...... — — ] Western Union.... B*;%
Minn. — ; St. L com. 19 '-i Wis Centra......... -jy.
Ist preferred..... 791; Wheeling &L, X.. lo&<fi
'.d 1 referred ' 52VH * Preferred.*... ..... 3»i>i,
[ Missouri Pacific.. 28% Am Cotton OU pto. 68%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896
Mobile*; Ohio 22 ,\V TJ 8eef .......... 8
Nashville Chatt.... 68 : Ann Arbor.. 9
National Linseed.. 19% Preferred 25%
N. J. central 107% Brooklyn Traction. 25
North American... 6*^l
CLOSING BONDS.
Cf*4R. ree.: 108.%! a X T 2ds 59
Do, 4s coupon. ..lo9B^ D 0,45..... 85*""4
.V S4snewreg.....ll7%|Mutual Union 65... 114
Do, 4s coupon... 11*% J Cent Gen 65... 118%
Do. is 95 Northern Pao lata 117%
Do, 6s 112%! Do, 2ds 1131/3
Do. 6s counon... .113341 Do. 30.8 76%
Cherokee 4s, 1890. 10b Northwest Consols. 1 40%
Do, 1897- 100 Do, deb 85... 107
Do. 1898- 100 OBAN lets 112
Do. 1899 100 'StLAlronMtQenßs 79
Pacific 6s 0f '96.... St L & 6 F Gen 6s. l ft 9
D. C. 8-6 5s 109% fet Paul Consols ...128
Ala Class A 4 106 j St. P. C <fc Pa lsts. 116%
Do. Class 84, 6s. 1 0 \ Do. Pac Cal 1 sts.. HO
I.aConsol4s. , /*,ipouthem K. R. f>s. 94
Missouri funding..— I Texas Pacific firsts 90%
R Carollnacon 65.. 122 % Texas Pacseconds. 23*/4
•Do, «*..*. 103 UnlonPao lstof 96.105%
Po Carolina 4%5...106 (West Shore 4a 105*/4
Tennnawaa 86% Mobile* Ohio 45.. 66
Va funding debt... 62 R Grande West lsts 75
Do, reg...... ... Ches&o 65........111Va
Da deferred 6s. „ 6 Atchison 4s 80%
" Do. trust rents st 6 I Da 2ds A..- 26*/4
Canada South 2ds.. 101 |g H <fe SA 6a 105
ten Pac lsts of '9s 101% Do. 2d 7a . .. 100
Den* B Gist 115 H& Tex Cent 108
.-.-Do. «« 91%: Do. con 6s 190%
£ rle -" a 8 66% Reading 4s 7*%
Eaniitta Pa consols 75 i Missouri B_..„„„ 100
as Pa las Den divllO*/ l
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKBPOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., April 27.— spot market
is quiet at 5s 6%d- Cargoes dull at 27s 6d, sellers.
FUTURES. 333;" 7-
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: April,
5s 6%d; May, 5s 5%d; June, 5s 6%d; July, 6s
5%d; August, 6s 6%d.
bKCUBI TIES.
LONDON, Eng., April 27. — Consols, 111%;
silver, 3H/ 8 d: French Rentes, lOlf 90c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89%
Sterling Cables $4 89 '"ft 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, *%* ounce — 68
Mexican Dollars 54 54%
SPECIE IMPORTS.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
quarter of 1896 were ****677,488, against $469,965
for the same quarter in 1895. The descriptions for
the first three months of the year are: , Gold Bul
lion, $156,047; Gold Coin, $19,176; Silver Bullion,
•$333,833; Silver Coin. $168,432.
•
PRODUCE MARKET. -
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There is almost nothing doing. No. 1,
$1 07%@1 10 $ ctl; cnoice, $1 11% **?. ctl: lower
grades, $I@l 06%; extra choice for milling, $1 15
@1 22%.
 .V." CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales. • •
Regular Morning Session— December— 2oo
tons, $1 07%: 200, $1 07%.
Afternoon session — December — 100 tons.
$1 07%.
BARLEY— Steady and unchanged. Feed, 70®
72% c; choice, 733,4 c; Brewing, 80@87%c
'■'. ■•'.:;' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December— 800 tons. 76c:
100, 76%e: 400, 76% c.
Regular .morning Session— December— 2oo
tons, 75% c; 100, 75tj'ac; 600, 753/ic. May—
72c: 100, 713,4 c .7,7. .._'
Afternoon Session — December — 300 tons,
76% c; 100. 758/ B e.
OATS— Milling, 75@82%c "ft ctl; fancy Feed,
82%@87%c: good to choice. 76@80c; common to
fair, 67%(*g,72%: Gray, 72%@80c; Surprise, 90c®
$1 ?l Ctl. . :.;,-... ~7
CORN— Dealers are steady at the established
prices. Large Yellow Is quotable at 88*"4@9H/.c
*■**?* ctl; Small Round do, 97%c@$l; White, 87%
@90c %i ctl. ' /a
RYE-76V4@78»/ic ■$ ct.l.
BUCKWHEAT— 86@90c « ctl.
FLOUR AND MIIXSTUFFS.
FLOUR— China steamer took out 6228
barrels. Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, S3 75@3 85: Bakers' extras, $3 55@5 65;
superfine, $2 75@3 **"* bbl.
CORN MEAL, ETC.-Feed Corn, $20@f20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 **» ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10- ft. sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2*/4 c; Rye Flour, 3%c; Rice Flour, 7%c: Corn
meal, 2*/i@3c; extra cream do, 3%c: Oatmeal,
3**ic; Oat Groats, 4i, 2 c< Hominy, 4fg>4%c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 2 c; Farina,
4 %<*•*. Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats. 4%c-
Pearl Barley, 2 c: Split Peas, 4!»4c; Green do,
6i.iC "5* lb. ; ':- -\
. HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Is higher again at $15@16 60 **"! ton.
MIDDLINGS— ***) ton for lower grades
and $18 60@19 50 "j" - , ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16*916 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 *****. ton; jobbing. $21**
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 "*e» ion.
HAY— is very weak, in spite of moderate re
ceipts. Wheat, $B@ll 60; Oat, $B@9: Wheat and
oat. $8(g»ll; Barley, $7@9: Alfalfa, $7(§9; clover,
$6@S 50; Compressed, $7@lo 50; Stock, $6@7 "$
ton.
STRAW-30@50c 9 bale. -
, BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at 90e@$l ■**"*. ctl;
Small Whites, $1 25@1 45 •****, ctl: Pea, $1 25®
81 60 fieri; Large Whites, $l(gil 10 "j** ctl: Pink,
90@95c; Reds, $1 20; Blackeye. $1 40@1 60; Red
Kidney, nominal; Limns, $2 60fg,2 76; Butters
$1 40(il 60 for small and $1 25<S>1 50 for large '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at B] 50
@i 225 %■ ctl: Trieste. $2@2 50 » ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $1 40@1 60; Flax, $1 70@1 80- Ca
nary, 23,4 c **?> lb; Alfalfa, 7y 2 @9y 2 c -{4 lb; Rape,
2y 2 c"*?l lb; Hemp, B%0« lb. . .
DRIED PEAS-SI 25@1 40 "j* ctl for Niles and
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes continued firm again
under light receipts at $1 25@1 75 •****, ctl; River
Burbanks, 25@35c fisk; Oregon Burbanks, 50<a
65c?. ctl; Oregon Garnet Chiles, 70@80c: Early
Rose, 60@'0c; Petaluma and Tomales, 40@50c a
sack; Humboldt Burbanks. sO(g/60c ? ctl.
ONIONS— Firm at $1 75@2 ■$ ctl on the wharf. :
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 638 boxes As
paragus 193 boxes Rhubarb and 763 sacks Peas.
Prices were generally easier, receipts being more
liberal. -.. -..
Summer Squash* quotable at 10c fUn; Egg Plant,
13(a.15c "£, lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $2? box
Mexican Tomatoes, $2&2 25 *? hi ; Cucumbers, 60c
(o»$l ? doz; Asparagus, $1 26(0i2 25 fl box for ordi
nary and $2 60@2 75 for extra; Rhubarb, 50c@$l-
Dried Peppers, 6@Bc: Green Peppers, 15fn)20c;
Green Peas, iy 2 2 c H lb; String Beans, B@loc
"? lb: Horse Beans, 75c fi sack; Dried Okra, layoc
Cabbage, 40c *$* ctl; Garlic. 4y a @sc *S tt».
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Arrivals were heavy, but the market
showed no weakness.
Creamery — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13%c
Dairy— Fancy, 12%©13*:; good to choice, 12c;
lower grades, ll@liy 2 c.
Eastern— ..>.';,■
CHEESE— Another fractional decline la noted.
Fancy mild new quotable at B@By 2 c "js! lb; common
to good, 6%@7%e; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc? lb;
Young America. B%@loc ? lb; Western, 10@llc;
Eastern, 12{^13%c ?. lb. ,
EGGS— The demand and. supply about balance
and anotations show no change. Eastern Eggs, 13
?)13y 2 ; Store Eggs, 1 3@1 3 Vac: ranch Eggs, 14@
15u; Duck Eggs, 15@16c %4 doz. •„_.- . ; -,
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at 15c for
Turkeys, $5 for Ducks, $6@6 60 for Hens, $9 for
young Roosters and $5*a,5 50 for old Roosters.
Home stock was nominal. Live Turkeys quot
able at 13@15c for Gobblers, 13®15c for Hens:
Gee.v;, li pair. $1 25@1 76; Ducks, $4@5 for old and
$7@B %i dozen for young: Hens, - $4@6: Roosters,
young, : $7 60(g)9 fl doz; do, old, $1 50@5; Fivers,
$6-60®7; Broilers. $5 S>o@6 for large and $*.'<a4
for small; Pigeons, $1 50@2 for young and $1 50®
175 for old. .•-..- . , .
GAME— Hare. 75c@$l; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot
tontails and $I@l 25 %*. doz for small.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries are in poor shape, being split by last
week's heavy rains, and have to sell lower than if
they were In good condition.. ; ?;3 •
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples, $1 75®2 25 V- box
for good to choice, $1 25@1 6*o for common to fair,
and $2 50@2 75 for fancy. Sixty-live boxes of
Cherries came in and were quoted at 65c®$l for
White, 75c@$l 25 for Red and $1 60@2 9> box for
Black.
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 410
chests, selling at $4 50@8 **** chest for Longworths
and $3^5 for large berries.
Gooseberries. "r* drawer.
Raspberries*. $1 60 ii draper. 3 -■..;-;
CITRUS FRUlTS— Nothing new. Oranges are
quotable at 60c@$l 50 *$>. box for Seedlings, $1 60
@3 50 *^ box for Navels, $1 75@2 75 for Malta
Bloods and $1 50@2 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75c®$l 50 for common and $**®2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, - $5 50@6; Califor
nia Limes. $1; Bananas, $I@2 *tj4 bunch; Pineap
ples, $3@6 fl dozen. -;
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
: DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:. - 333'
Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c V lb for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4%c . lor evaporated ;
Peaches. '_">4!!3i4c and 6c for fancy: A pricots, 6%fe
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10®lD-""*f«
lb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 2%c for im
pressed; White Figs,. 4c in sacks; Pears, 7c t*
lb for evaporated halves, 3%@6c "jfl lb for quarters:
Prunes, 3@3%c; Plums, 3%c "p lb for pitted and
l%®2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3%®6c fl rb for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy.
- J obbing Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
"** lb; sun-dried, iy 2 @2c: Peaches, 3@4c and s®6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, ll@l2V 2 c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 5(a,5%c for 40®60's and 4y 2 @sc
for 60*s : Apricots. 6%®9c for prime to choice,
[ "o®llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 3%c:
White Figs, 3@sc; Pears, 8c *"**» , lb for evapor
ated halves and 4@7y»c for quarters; Plums,
3%@4c for pitted and l@l%c for unuitteh; Nec
tarines. 4(c*sc fi tb for prime to choice."
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES- Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3^40 *%* tb; 3-crown. loose, 2%c: 2
crown. 2c; seeuless Sultanas, 3%@3'*4c: Heedless
Muscatels, 2y 2 @234c; three-crown London layers,
70c f* box: clusters. $1 35®1 50; Dehesa clusters,
$2 10@2 25; imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried
Grapes, : fi lb. -
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown loose, 3%c; 3
crown, 2*4@Bc: 2-crown, 2%@2%c. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c "t* lb; Seedless Muscatels, Sc; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 Eo@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 50: Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc "j** lb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c *i« lb for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, 6©7% c"B lb for Languedoc
and 8y 2 @loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6%
@7c for Eastern and 4%@5%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and. Be for
polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts, 9@loc fi
lb irR 0 £ i*? ut8 ' $4 50@5 ****. 100.
a HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c *# lb for
bright and B@9c "£ lb for lower grades: water
white, extracted, 5@5%c ¥ lb; light amber ex
tracted. 4%©434 c; dark" amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-24@27c ft lb.
. . ,' PROVISIONS.
Prices show no alteration. Trade is quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c "$ tb for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c "f> lb for light. 10c for extra
light and 12c fi tb for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams. 10c **?*. tb;
Mess Beef, $8 **£ bbl; extra mess do, $8 50; fam
ily do, $10: extra prime Pork. $9 fi bbl; extra
clear, $14 bbl: mess, $13 %" bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c *i* lb. ■ ■ : - - . - i ■
LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at 6%c "jji tb
for compound and 63/4 c for pure; pails, 7y 2 c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6y 2 c for compound and by 2 cfor
Dure; half-bbls, 7c; 10- lb tins, 7%c; do 6-lb, 8c
"S lb.
COTTOLENE-es^c In tierces and 7%c I* ft. in
10- th tins. • ;.-■,?!.■.-«-
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 6%@7c $ ft,; culls and brands, 6%
@6c *"*"*, lb; medium, 5%@6c; culls and brands, 4%
sc; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c
lb: culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 4c fi lb;
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, sc: dry Hides, 9
ffllOc; culls and brands. 7y 2 c: dry Kip and Veal,
7@Bc; emu, s@6c; dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins, 20@35c each; Kids, sc: Deerskins, good
summer,2s@3oc: medium. 180360; winter, 9@loc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10*15 c each; short wool,
2<)(g,;*6c each ; medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3y 4 @3y 2 c; No. 2, 3c;
refined, 5y 2 @6""4c: Grease. 2%c "ji lb.
WOOL— We quote Spring Nevada, . 6@9c *{?. tb;
San Joaquin and southern Coast, 6 months, 4@6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%@6y 2 C.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c fi lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 05@
* 07%; June-July delivery, $4 20; San Quentin,
$4 20: Wool Bags, 24%@26%c.
COAL-Wellington, $8 ft ton; New Wellington,
$8 *•**. ton; Soutulield Wellington, $7 50 9 ton;
Seattle. 85@5 50; Bryant, $5 60; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $6 50; Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo, $7 60:
Cumberland, $13 60 in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and $12 60 fi ton in sacks.
LINSEED OlL— The Stanaard Oil Company an
nounces the following reduction: Strictly pure raw>
in barrels. 46c; do boiled, 48c; do raw, incases,
51c; do boiled, 53c "£ gal.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6% c; Dry Granulated, 6%c;
Confectioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia A, 5V4c: Extra
C, 6y 8 c; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes y e more.
SYRUP— Oolden, in bbls, 16c; Black Strap. 10c
figaL ____!_
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from the
slaughterers' are as follows: v 3-7.
BEEF— First quality, 6@5%c; second do, 4%@
fS/ic; third do, 3%@4c ■$, lb.
VEAL— Large, 5(g,6c; small, 6@7c '$ lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6%c; Ewes. 4%@6c
■"*■ lb. ■ . • :. :■;.:
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 673,6 1 « lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@-**'B* V tb for large and
3*«4(a.*'%c for small and medium; dressed do, 4% I
(jjitic I* lb.
RECEIPTS OE PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flotir.ar. sks 14,4641 Bran, sks 1,243
Oregon 8,744 Middlings, sks. I
Washington 16,608 Butter, ctls 331
Wheat, ctls 79,540 Cheese, ctls 34 !
Oregon 905 Eggs, doz 12.900
Barley, ctls 14.800 Hides, no 393 i
Oats, Or, ctls 305 Pelts, _...... 210
Beans, ska. 15 Wool, bis 270
Rye, ctls ISOJWIne, gals 27,100
Corn, ctls 2,150 Quicksilver, flasks 45
Potatoes, ska 1,120, Lime, bbls 120
Oregon 1.718 Lumber. M feet... 30 i
Onions, sks 31 Chicory, bbls 15
Hay, tons. 231 Hops, Wash, bis . 100
Straw, tons 30: Leather, rolls 252
THE STOCK MARKET. yV
Values showed no marked change yesterday,
though several of the leading stocks were some
what better than on Saturday. Business was fair
In several, notably Occidental and Belcher.
On the Bond Exchange business continued good.
Hutchinson Sugar sold up to $24% and San Fran
cisco Oas to $93% and Giant Powder was lower at
$2454@233/i. railing figures.
The Gould & Curry assessment falls delinauent
in otlice to-day and the Belcher and Con. Col. <fc Va.
delinquent sales take place also.
Additional reports from the Comstocks are as
follows: 3 • .
Opuir.— Central Tunnel— At a point 194 feet in
from the mouth of the crosscut we have worked
upward 17 feet on the north side of the upraise,
following streaks of ore; total height, 35 feet.
From these openings we have saved 14 tons of ore
assaying $35 57 per ton.
Hack Ac Noucßoss.— We resumed ore shipment*
to Che Dazct mill on the 23d Inst, and have deliv
ered to that mill during the week 27 tons of ore,
assaying per wagon-sample: ('old, $26 52; silver,
29 81-100 ounces per ton. * Shipped to San Fran
cisco office per express on the 21st inst. 68 pounds
crude bullion; assay value of same. $2485. Have
extracted from our openings on the 975 level dur
ing the week 28 cars of ore, assaying per mine, car
sample: Gold, $21 33; stiver, 30 16-100 ounces
per ton.
Occidental— 7so level— The west crosscut from
north drift on this level has been extended four
teen feet; total length, 385 feet. The crosscut has
entered the ledge and shows eight feet of pay ore,
and the face is still in ore with no sign of wall
ahead. The assays run from $10 to $487 in gold,
with very little silver.
■ Alta— We have extracted from the south drift,
east vein, four carloads of ore, the average car
sample assay value of which was $24*32 per ton.
In the Union Consolidated mine the north drift
from the upraise, 115 feet up from the 900 level,
has been advanced during the week twenty-five
feet, total length, 202 feet: face in porphyry and
stringers of quartz. The east crosscut 6." which
was stared at a point 150 no.-th from east crosscut
4,900 level, has been advanced during the week
live feet; total* length, eighty-four feet. At a point
fifty feet north from east crosscut 6 we started east
crosscut 6 and advanced the same eighteen feet.
The Utah Consolidated south drift from the west
tunnel in that mine is In 62 feet. The formation
iv the face is porphyry anil quartz, the latter as
saying $1 and $2 per ton. .
In the Andes mine the south drift from the top
of the upraise, fifty feet above the 420 level, is in
porphyry, with seams of quartz. . ...
Nothing new is . reported from the Best <& Bel
cher and Gould & Curry mines.
Brunswick Exploration Company— Shaft
No. I— This shaft has been sunk 12 feet on the
incline through porphyry and quartz; total depth,
414 feet. 200 level— The north drift from the sta
tion has been advanced 8 feet through porphyry
and quartz, showing some value: total length,
162 feet. It has been discontinued. - Re
sumed work jin the south drift from the end
of east crosscut No. 1, and extended it 14 feet
through porphyry, ciav and quartz; total length
172 feet. The west crosscut No. 4 from the south
drift, 158 feet from the incline, has been extended
9 feet: total length 41 feet. It has been discon
tinued. Shaft N0."2— The south drift in -nest cross
cut No. 45 feet from the south drift, was ex
tended 7 feet through porphyry: total length 33
feet. At a point in this drift 25 feet from west
crosscut No. 1 we ran an east crosscut tor a dis
tance of 10 feet and discontinued it with the face
in porphyry and quartz. Also ran north from west
crosscut No. 1 at a point 25 feet from the main
south drift for a distance of 9 feet through quartz.
Gould & Curry Company's tunnel— The main north
drift has been extended 16 ie<-t: total length 708
feet; face in soft porphyry, clay and quartz. •■;->.*
The Hale <fe Norcross -Mining Company has re
ceived $1752 94 in gold com as the net proceeds of
994 ounces bullion produced from 48*54 tons
of ore crushed at the Dazet mill. The mill worked
the ore up to 80 per cent of the battery assay.
BOARD SALES. -
Following were the sales in 'the San Frsnclso>
Slock Board yesterday: 3333"
regular morning session commencing 9:3J0.
500 B& 8.... 50 100 H&N ....1.20,300 Seg 8e1.... 14
700 Bodle 47 50 Mexican.. 3l 200 s Nev....58
100 CC«fcV..I.6S 1300 Occldlll. 3l* 21*0 Utah 04
100 lrwnPt...27 500nhir...1.2U 100 ....03
200 GAC 35100 ovrmn. ...11 • '
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
200 A1pha.... .09|300 Cbollar ....38'150 Mexican.. 32
300 ...10| 60 CC&V...1.701100 Occidtll.2s
100 Ande5.... 26 4. 1.50 100 0phir...1.15
600 Belcher... 100 C Point. ..3oJ 60 0vrmn. ...12
600 B _8... .50150 ....„;.... .*3l 100 Seg Bel.. 16
190 •• 51900 Excnqr. .. o3:loo S Nev... 69
100 ChaUge... 3llloo & C... .351
Following were tne sales in the Pa<__o Stools
Board yesterday : . *.:.!,:. \--. :': ■ ■
REGULAR 8E8SI0J**— 10:30.
700 Alpha.... 08:100 C0mJ......78|1650 0cc1d..1.30
400 Alta 071200 Crwn P1...29 600 1.27%
300 Andes. ...27 600 .31 800 Potosi 23
500 Belcher.. . 441200 Exchqr.:. o4 100 Savage... .2B
600 ...... ...... .461800 G <_ C 35400 *.... .27
300 ............46400 - r.v..*: i :.". 36,500 Scorpion..o3
400 8A8. ...... 511250 HAN 1.17% 600 58& M....15
300 Bodle 471300 Julia 04 700 .....;.;... 16
200 ...... 491200 Justice. ...os 400 S Nev„...60
500 8u11i0n.. .13,200 Kentuck..o3 400 Union C...50
500 Caleda 051600 Mexlcan..3l 400 ....... ....61
200 dialing... 29 Ophlrl.l7y a 500 Utah-.... 04
200 .......... 32600 Ovrmn.... 10800 Jacket..3l
400CCV..1.67%200 .;;......... 11600 ............ 33
400 ...;; ...1.70400 ............12500 34
400 Cuoller....S9* '
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:3O. * ';■<,"> 3
300 Alnha .031500 Ca1ed...*... 05*600 Mexican..3l
200 Alta.. 07 300 Challnge..3l loo M0n0.. ...13
200 Ande5.... 27 200 301900 Occd 1.25
600 8e1cher.. .46 500 Cbollar . .3860) OphlrT.l7y 2
100 .......44 800 CC_VI.67% 400 Ovrmn. 12%
100 B<t 8....61150C0nti......70300 Potosi 23
000 ......... ....60 1000 C Point. .3o 100 Savage. .-27
100 49300 311500 SB AM.
500 52900 ...32 300 S Nev 69
100 Bodle 49 1000 Exchqr..o4|4oo Union 49
100 48 200 <_C 36 200 ........ ....50
1200 8u11i0n.. 12 400 .....; .35 700 Utah. .....04
100 8u1wer....30 200 H<_Nl.l7y 2 300 \* Jacket..
100 .....— 32*1000 Keutuck-04 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. April 27-4 p.m.
£id.Alk*d.\ Bid.Alktd.
Alpha C0n..... 09 10 Jack50n........ 40 —
Alia 07 09 Julia 04 06
Andes 25 27 Justice „.. 02 03
Belcher 43 45 KentucK. ...... — 04
Best <_ Belehee. 50 62 Lady Wash.... — 06
Bodle 47 49 Mexican . 30 32
8u11i0n.... .._.; la 14 Mono .......... 14 -
Eulwer .— 20 ' Nevada Queen. — 06
Caledonia 03 06 Occidental 1.25 1.30
Challenge Cost. 30 32 Uphir 1.16 1.20
•-'hollar 37 39 Overman ...... 11 13
Con. CaL & Va. 1.66 1.70 Polos. 22 23
Ceo. Imperial. 01 02 fcavrge..— .... 27 28
Confidence..... 70 — beg. Belcher... 15 16
Con.New Yort — 04 Sierra Nevada. 58 69
Crown Point... 31 33 Scorpion 02 —
EastSierraNe- — 04 Silver Hi 11..... 01 02
Exchequer..... 02 03 Syndicate...... 02 03
Eureka C0n.... — 251 Union Cos.. 60 61
Would _. Curry. 34 36 Utah 04 05
Hale A Norcr*. 1.15 1.20 Yellow Jacket. 33 34
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
Amalie 750 Lock wood Con.. 34
8id...; 1 65 600 35
Champion 600 Savannah 43
Bid 20 00400 44
900 Grant. 251200 Sebastopol 70
700....... „ 26800 ; 69
Kennedy 400 68
Asked ...... ....... 13 00200 Thorpe 75
Keystone.
8id...... 65 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 27-2 F. It
TKITKD STATES BONUS.
Bid. Asked.]-* 7. Bid. Asked.
V P4s c0up. .109 — U B«a reg... 108 109
Do, new is... 118 - I
■■'■/, _ISCKIAA\KOCT HflVm.
Cal-RtCbless.lll*<4ll3 I Do. 2d Iss 6s. — —
Cal Elec L 120 — I P &O Ry 6s. 105 120
CntraCWSs. 98% 9734 P«_Ch Rv6s. — 107%
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 |Fwl-at.RRBs. — 116%
fcdsnL&P 6a 120 — Reno. WLdsL — 105 .
F&CHRR6* — 105% RiverW Co6s — 100
-eary-stH&s. 101S4l03%lsactoP & L..100 102»/i
LosAngL6s. - 103 ,_F<_NPRRSsIO2y 4 103
Do,Gnted.6s. - 103 SPRRArizos 94 95
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - £PRRCaI6a. 1081/jlll
DoßyConss..lo6 106% SPAR C-UM- - —
NevCNgß7s. 95 - Si'BrßCalSs. 97»4, 98%
NPCRRBaIOB — KVWater6s..ll9 120
NRy Cal 6s. 101 3/*.105 * SV Water4s~ 100 100
NRyCal6s. — - StklnG<fcE6« — 101
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104% SunstT«fcT6s. 100 —
Do, 2d Iss 6s. 103 — Sutter-stRSs.HO —
Omnibus 6a. 119 _ VisallaWCe* — 9*
FacßoUM6_. — —
WATKR STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39% 42y 2 ißanJose 76 100
Marin C 0.... 60 62 | Spring Valley 100 100%
;"-- . HAS STOCKS.
Capital, — 40 | Pacific Light. 46% —
Central...... 05 — jKan HMMM 93% 93%
OakGLdtH. 58 63% Stockton. .... — 81%
Gas Imp. 84% 85 |
INSURANCE stocks.
HremansFd.l7o — [Sun 40 —
V 777-' COMMERCIAL BANK STOCK*
Amerß&TG. — — ,LondonPAA-128 130
Anglo-Cal... 61 69 London.*-.***. — 27%
Bank of Ca1..236%240 Merch Ex... 12 —
CaISD&TCo- 64 55y 2 !Nevada...... — —
FlrstNatlonL 178 1 82 %l Bather B Co. — -»
Grangers.... — — |
r VINOS BANK STOCK 1.
GerS<_LCO..)42s — SavALoan.. — 101
HumbS&L.llOO 1450 Security — 260
Mutual... 37% 40 Union Trust. 725 810
bl-Sav Union — 490
SIKERT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 1093,4110% Oak.SLAUay — 100
Geary-5t..... 60 7'% Presidio.. — 9
Market-st.— 46% 46 Suller-su — —
ruwi m-:k STOCK -i.
Atlantic D... 16 — (Judson _. — • —
Eastern D... — 90 Giant. 22% 2534
California.... 90 — 'Vlgont. 85c 90c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 94% 96 lOceanlcSSCO 26% —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 FacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — Pac Borax— 98 100
CalDrvDock. — — Pac IAN Co. — SO
EdtsonL!gUi.ll7y a ' Pac Roll MUI — —
C*asConAs3n. — — PartPalntCo. 6% 7%
I'er Lead Co. 85 — PacTransCo. — 24
HawC<ftSCo_ 20% — ; PacTATOo 65 70
HutchSPCa. 233/ i 24% fcunsetT&T.. 41 —
JudsonMfgU. — — UniledUCo,. — 25
Mer Ex Assn 100 1 10 I ..=■
BALKS— MORNINO SESSION.
Board—
. 3 Edison Light <fc Power Co 117 25
150 do do 118 00
30 Giant Powder Con 24 60
5 do do 24 75
20 do do 24 00
10.0 Contra Costa Water 40 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co. 23 75
. 25 do do 24 00
35 Oakland Gas 53 00
300 s X Gaslight 93 00
400 Vigorit Powder .". 90
770 . do do 95
Street—
50 Hutchinson S P Co 23 25
50 do do 23 50
SALES — AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board—
75 Hawaiian Commercial:.... 20 25
150 Hutchinson _ P C 0......... 24 00
It) V Water.... 100 12y,
61 Market-st Railway ' 45 26
135 Oakland Gas 63 00
90 Pacific Gas Imp 84 87%
10- do do 85 00
220 F Gaslight ... 93 25
100 Vigorit Powder 90
Street— *. *-' "•■
15 Alaska Packers' Association 95 00
20S V Water 100 12%
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry H. Ellis to Simeon Wenban, lot on NE
corner of Pine and Octavia streets, E 55:6 by N
137:6; $9200.
S. and Caroline S. Wenban to Richard & Mc-
Creery. same; $25,000. ■-: _
Samuel Morgenstern to Henry Meyer, lot on S
line of Oak street, 160:6 E of Octavia. E 23:8 by
S 120; 81.
. California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
(executor) and Laura R. Roe (executrix of estate
of -George H. Roe) to Katherine M. Sperrv, lot on
N line of Washington street, 137:6 E of Spruce, E
40 by N 127:81/4* $5760.
. C. A. and Emily Mauerhan to Mabel A.Grant,
lot on SE line of Stevenson street, 125:11 SW of
Twelfth, SW 25 by SE 100; $10.
Mabel A. Grant to Mrs. S. C. Hammond, same*
$10.
' John Kellehertosame, lot on SE line of Steven
son street, 100:11 SW of Twelfth, SW 25 by SE
100; $10.
John F. and Catherine Seymour to Richard T.
Kessler. lot on S line of Twenty-eiehth street,
228 :8E of Dolores, K26:S by S 114; $10.
** August Schiller to Coroline Schiller, lot on SE
corner of Powell street and . Fella place, S 20 by E
65:6; also lot on is lineof Fella place, 65:6 E of
Powell street, E 24 by S 64; also lot on S lineof
Pine street, 30 E of Central avenue, E 31:6 by S
87:6: gift.
Henry J., Thomas F. and Bridget O'Day to Mary
Kelly, lot on N line of Tehama street, 430 W of
First, W 26 by N 80; $10.
George and Annie Burkhardt to John E. Hell
mann, lot on SW line of Morris avenue, 135 SE of
Bryant street, SE 20 by SW 75: $10.
John E. Heilmann to Richard W. Hellmann, lot
on NW line of Brannan street, 1 10 SW of Sixth.
SW2sby NW76; $10.
* Estate of N'icholo Fabris (by|Domenico Fabris
aDd Benjamin Moron, executors), to Vincenzo
Davalle, lot on the NE line of Eighth street, 40
N\V|of Harrison, NW 40 by NE 65: $4000.
. E. H. and Jane C. Nielsen to Mrs. W. S. Stone,
lot on W line of Third avenue, 300 S of Deeth
(California street south), S 25 by W 120; $10.
Miguel. Vincent pud Catalina Noe and Catalina
Splivaloto Ferd Smith, undivided half of lot on
W line of Douglass street, 175 S Remain. S 50
by W 150; $10. < : * .
.ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Maria Cravaelha to Jose C. Ramos, lot on E line
of Louise street, 75 N of A, N 25 by E 108, being
the N -*6 feet of subdivisions (', 11, I and J, lot 1
block 791, Watts Tract, map 2, Oakland: $10.
Mrs. B. Billnrds to Inez Oppenheimer, lot on E
line of Oak street, 50 S of Eighth, S 37:6 by E 100
block 134. Oakland; Sl. v..
Meyer Levy to Albert E. Blum, undivided
twentieth of an undivided half interest in lot on E
I line of Broadway, 93 N of Durant street, N 46:6
by L 150, portion -of block F, Fountain place
j Oakland; also property In Contra Costa County; $5!
~ William H. and Frances Mackinnon, L. H. and
! Lizzie Sly to Joseph C*. and Marie C. Nicholas, lot
on W line of Silver street, 100 S of Weston ave
nue. S 25 by W 100, block C, Broadway and Tele
graph-avenue Homestead, Oakland Township
s26o. • ■ • * '
■ The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to Wil
liam B. Gay, lots 1 and 2, block F, Christiania
Tract. Oakland Township: $10.
M. 8. and Sarah L. Libbey to Anna E. Knerr
(wife of Samuel G.), lot on N line of Bancroft way
I 45 W of Union street, W 45 'by N 130, block 3',
Villa lots adjoining the University site on the south'.
! Berkeley; .$lO. .
I Timothy Paige, H. 15. and Laura A. Pinnev to
I Silas E. Hunsaker. lot 37, block F, Melrose station
j Tract, Brooklyn Township; SlO. .
) James Greig to W. J. (iwynn. lot on E line of
Kirkham street, 141 S of West Fourteenth. S 76
by E 115, block 677, Oakland, quitclaim deed: $5.
William J. Gwynn to Louis Ghirardelli, lot on
E line of Kirkham street. 141 S of West Four
teenth. S 25 by E 115, being N 25 feet of lot 21
block 677, Oakland: $10.
James C. and Veronica Bassett to C. Mahoney
and Catherine McCarthy, lot on line of Twen
tieth street. 160 W of Curtis, W 25:2by5100
block 291, Oakland; $10. . : : - *; -.-■■-
James L. Ransom to Mary J. Moonev, lot on W
j line of Linden street, 209 S of Enclnai line, S 30
by-W 132, block 612, subdivided map of Alfred
Barstow Tract. Oakland; $5.
• Lloyd Rawlings to Jennie P. Kawlings lot on S
line of Santa Rosa avenue, 195.40 E Oakland
aye nue, 75 by S 150, lot 5, block I, Linda Vista
Terrace. Oakland: $10. ,
Henry G. Parker to N. M. Anderson lot on NW
line of Lewis street, 60 SW. of Prospect, SW 50 by
NW-125, lot 14, block 3, East Oakland Heights,
Oakland; $1260. - * .
:E. C. and Mary O. Sessions to C. D. Vincents,
lot on 1-. corner. of Nineteenth avenue and East
1 wenty -eighth street. SE 190 by E 140, block . 97,
N addition to Oakland; also lot on SW line of East
Eighteenth street, 132 SE of Thirteen avenue, SE
136:6, SW 150, NW 131:6, NE 26, NWS, NE
125 to beginning, block 91, Clinton, quitc'aim
deed. East Oakland; $10.
John A. Patton to Harvey P. Goodman lot on JS
line of Oakland avenue (Seventh s reet) 155:7%,
I" of Cedar street, E 25 by N 100:4%, being lot 12,
block 37, map of lands Oakland Point Ferry Land
ing Tract 406, Oakland: $10.
William P. and Alice F.Todd to J. A. Carleton.
lot oh S corner of Howe and John streets, thence
35 feet along SB line of Howe, thence SE 125, NE
35, SW 125 to beginning, being a portion of Ther
mal Hill Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
./.'Builders' Contracts.
Julia Schroder with (". Petterson &, S. Persson. to
erect a" two-story building on W line of Clayton
street, 258:9 S of Waller, $394-1; Hermann *
Swain, architects.
Dr. E. L. Wempie with P. J. O'Donnell, plumb
ing, tinning, etc., for building on NE. corcer of
Kentucky and Napastree.s; $1900.
William and Mary Juch with John Dyar, altera
tions of building on N line of Twenty-ninth street,
26 Eof Noe; $1000. ' . .
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G Dolt, Sausallto J II O'Reilly, Kan City
J Sliva, Cal N Wines, Sta Barbara
Mary Marchell, Cal 8 Klllobren, Mexico
Mrs W E Peck, Sta Cruz Mrs Klilooren, Mexico
Miss M Peck, sta Cruz , B S Burton, Minneapolis
S N Laughlin, Moss Ldg Miss smith. San Juan
F A Mason. Mich F D Clark. Marysville
Mrs H W Bush, Mich C A Wakefield, Oroville
G l) Downie, Fulton Mrs W C Blake, lowa
J W Roberts, .Sacto Miss Blake, lowa
Capt Lowrie, sacto J M Morrison, Cal
W D Buckley, Stockton C Hopper, Stockton
J Brayden, Dixon Mrs o Murphy.Los Gatos
M Mayan, Oakland Miss F Mnrphy.LosGatos
I Benas, Vallejo G W Kincaid, Cal
W F Williamson. Cal A C McKenney.San Jose
F P Blair, San Jose , W P Fullmer, Los Ang
E A Brennan, Cal Dr W L Charles, Suisun
F E Prussia, San Jose Rev S Hirst, Vaileio
P C Hazeman, Portland J C Tree, Stockton
C A Haight, Alameda A Dacker, San Jose
T Connolly & w, Stocktn C F* Burns, Cazadero
AH Host, NY L Rossiter, Los Angeles
H G Baker, Sta Barbara W Gleeson, Middletown
F Dunshee. Sta Barbara R Williamson, Sacto
AHeynemansond-w.Bos F W Stanfleld. Sta Rosa
A G Case, lowa Mrs Barney & eh. Minn
W Hutton, Kansas City Miss F A Denio, Utah
F Resteeu Aw. Boston Miss Resteen, Boston
Miss Lebby, Boston G H Bowker, Holyoke
E Twensen, Stockton H Montague, Chicago
81, Harding, Chicago C Milhalin, F'resno
X M Bausch, Ohio W Connery & w, Boston
E B Williams, Boston Miss Wentworth, Ohio
A Van Adler«fe w. Ind WMcNuity <few, Los Ang
C Gasset &w, Boston H Patteson &w, Boston
C Proctor <_ w, Boston J Robertson &w. Boston
S Pales & w. Boston 0 W Parker, Boston
F Place, Boston J J Conroy.Mendon.CoDn
C E Mayo, Holyoke G Morse, Plymouth
J H Bowker, Cal W H La Pointe, Boston
O Rand, Holyoke G A Keeler, Boston
T Johnson, Salem W W. Davis <!fc w. Boston
Miss Davis, Boston Miss O A Jones, Boston
S A Davis, Boston H C Chapman & w. Me
Miss Chapman, Me H J Pettingill Boston
L C Thayer <_ w, Boston G W Clark & w.Pittsfield
S B Newton, Boston C L Sleeper, Boston
Miss Sleeper, Boston Mrs J E Auli, Los Ang
Mrs F O Haskett, Me FY Flint. Sacto
S J Moulton & w.Boston J W Smith, Boston
E W Arnold, Boston Mrs W Ames, Boston
Miss Lovell, Boston G A Devnell & w, Boston
E C Stimpson&w, Bostn V W Halbert & w.Boston
Mrs. Berry, Boston Miss Berry, Boston
C T Blaisdell, Boston G E Sherman, N II
T W Henry, Boston D W Thayer, N V
W Austin, St Louis F Smith <fe w, Boston
Miss Smith, Boston J C M Cleary, Mt View *
J H Roberts, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
M Newton & fy, Moscow B J Stanley, New York
H W Estes, New York L L Young, I" 8 N
RAF Penrose . L W Barrluger, I'hila
1) M Barringer, Phila P Blackman, Chicago
J B Parish, Denver J F Farraher & w, Yreka
C Smith &w. Kan City M Blumauer &w, N V
R Graham, Los Angeles B G Tiffany, New York
G M Ranson, New York Mrs C M Roff, New York
F B Roff, Toledo N B Ayres, Portland
A L Hoyle, Chicago E L Kenbush, Portland
O Williams, Denver G H Walker, st Lou's
D D Walker, St Louis A C Belukie, LcsAngeles
E L Lewis, Cincinnati A L Vennor, Cincinnati
F Brockman, Silver City Mrs G R Brevoort, N V
Mrs Reynolds, Yonkers Mrs S F Watson, N V
Geo Watson, N V Mrs W V yder.Newark
W B Snyder, Newark W B Buckminster, Bostn
J M Buckminster, Bostn F L Lothrop, Minn
E P Rithet, Victoria H P Hanford, N V
W E Hadiey, San Diego J F Palmer & w, Chicago
O H Burrows &w, Ind T Pentland <_ w, Ohio
H Birdsall & w, Ohio F P Evans <£ w, Mo
s L Swan. NY . J J Hoffman, N V
C P.aur & w, Ind D Coulter & w, Ind
Miss Coulter, Ind J M Barney & w, Cal
A J Rowe, NY HE Crawford, Ohio
F J Collins, Bradford
LICK HOUSE.
0 V Northey. Sulphur C P H Northey, Sulphur C
W Movie, Vacaville W Punns <fe w, Sac
T B Cutler. Eureka A H Ashly, Stockton
J C Davis, Cripple Creek OS W Henshaw. Crple Ck
M Vllenshaw.Crple Ck J T Adams <fe w, Ukiah
W F Perry, Oakland C T Penuington&w.Nebr
J T Lane <"_ d, Nebr U W Henricks, Boston
Miss P Henricks, Boston G H Henricks. Boston
J E Willis, Porterville D B Mosier, Porterville
T J Hughes, Cal W Wormsley & w, lowa
R J Tousley. 11l ■ ■ '*■ F C Miller & w, Riverside
W J a kits <fe w, Ohio D Couther & w, Indiana
Miss M Couther, Indiana C Baur <fe w .Terra Haute
G G Lippincott. Ohio .1 S Hill & w, Ohio
Miss McKinuell, Ohio D C Shears A w, Ohio
Miss Roberts, Ohio 11 Marks, Canada
R Barcar, Vacaville F D Nicol, Stockton -
B Timmous, Cal W J T Orr, Santa Rosa
H S Cohn. Oakland W B Klyne, Detroit
T M Caswell, San Jose J M Shawhan, Ls Angles
Mrs U Blake & 2 d, lowa S H Friendly. Or
J Markly, Sac B F Walton, Yuba City
J Cuzner. Los Angeles • J Merchants, Wash
1 T Ballard, Cal D Hunter & w, Mass
J C Manchester._w.lowa Mrs G A Frame, lowa
G Parkinson & w," lowa
RUSS HOUSE.
J Childberg, Wash X A Bellinger, Ft Bragg
W H Young. Sta Rosa J J Reeus, Nebr
P D Hicks, Sutter Co V D Veale, Mich
Mrs Beard & eh, Chicgo F' L Clark, Yountville
'A P Overton, sta Rosa J E Cain, College City
Mrs Barham&fm, Wash F X Nolllck, lowa
.Miss A Nollick, lowa C W Pratt, San Rafael
S Christensen, Cal J A Morgan «_ w.Chicago
c; R Saunders & w, 111 H A Mosher, Niles
H Crosby, Niles E J Wiley, Suisun
Q Pullen, Cloverdale G W Stephenson,
C Hadsell &w, Sonora L E Rice, MD, San Jose
R T Bailey. N M A Roberts, Chico
F s Whitcomh, N V Mrs (i O Whitcomb.Bostn
¥ S Lawrence, Sta Cruz MrsW H Hadley.StaCruz
C O Clark, Siskiyou J N Stapp, Stockton
John Lee, Nev G E Ward well, Delano
J E Hamiltou.Pescadero R C Sargent, Stockton
C Colfax, Sacto James D Howe, Ind
F C Hanson, Colfax
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R S Robertson, L Gatos R W Postlethwark, New
II H Stanton, Bakersfld Zealand
H J McGratb, V S N Miss M Dyer, N V
Miss G Ford, NY G D Anthony, Portland
O O Rhoder, Pa A W Reed, Pa
C E Prince, Pa C Jansen & w, Chico
C M Odell, Sacto ; P Jacobs it w, Reno
A Beecuer, U S N J C Crooks, Haywards
AS Allen, NY . Miss B J Anson, N J
H E Black, Vallejo Mrs C S Bell, N V
G R Jackson, N V Mrs Hood, Stanford
H Dugan. NY C Smith, Vallejo
C Burns, N V H Brenner. Chicago
C Munson, St Paul Mrs H Munson, st Paul
C Mast, St Paul
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Mrs T O'Brien, Paso Ro Mr umbel, Paso Robles
G Howe, Paso Robles .'. F H Bowlev, Vallejo
M ''rower, Oakland W W Juad. Stanford
C WlMiiler, Stanford J Gruber, Whatcom
M M Briggs, Los Angeles J B Houston, Portland
H Hamilton, Mexico J Hannan, Sacramento
C E Newton, Los Bauos H Rausdall, Portland
F Reed & wf. Frisco M E Pendleton, Portland
J L Faskett, Portland Mrs M Pypser &eh, Sacto
M M Brlggs, Los Angeles R A Stollers, Castroviile
J R Burns, Portland :.*■.-'; : < .^ c - *
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Herman. Jackson Joe Decker <fe w, N V
Al Primrose, N V H Van de Carteele.Oklnd
H Niisen, Alameda D O* Shea, San Rafael
J Harris, San Rafael W E Davis, Stockton
C Rieley, Sacramento Dawson Myler, NY
James Miller, NY S Fisher, Alameda
W E Carroll. Alameda W. Hawkins, Alameda
Mrs P Robbins, Boston Dr Wredon, San Pedro
Miss M Carlisle, Denver
THE CALL CALENOAB.
Aprii,, 1896.
Tu.
w.
Fr.
3
:Sa.
4
<7"\ Lost Quart i
April
7
9
11
14
New Moon
April i
v
IS
15
17
20
[ I
i S1
22 i
3Firg; Qua
April
24
25
28
:^\ Full Moi
w April
HYOROGKAPHIC BULLETIN.
Bb_nch Hydrosba-phic Officio, U. S. N -.
Merchants' Exchan-or. " I
tv. .. BAN Fraxcisco. April 27. loan I
The time ball on Tele»ranh % 11 J,}. ,*!, .
exactly at noon to-day-i."e « „»' £ a ?„ (lr ?!ft ed
meridian, or exactly J, S^ S?SSnwlch Un^° th
T ,„ _ AF. FSCHTKLIK,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
OCEAN STEAMEKS.
nates of Departure From San Francisco.
STEAMER jUESTIN-ATIOX. |
SAILS.
I pier. ;
I Pier 2
Oceanic
Tier 24
P M as
PiorU
Pier v
Pier 'i
i'ler ik"
Pier 13
Oceanic
Pier 13
Pier 9
I Pier 11
; P 51 SS
Pier 24
Pier at
Pier 11
1 Pier 11 •
j Pier
1 MS3
I Pier 13
, Pier It
i°aralion.... | lamina Bay.. Auri!B Bam'
Australia.... Honolulu..?: A^r2S
Queen Portland ' \nr2Bl *«
s«n Jose.... Panama aS fsil L
ss£ His? SffE
A?i™ Ort *" ° r »y»Haroor. AorSB 6^
weeott v " I Kel Kiver.. A rao.loAii
•veeott Kel Kiver..... ADr2» Ham
Maripo S a....;sjy an cv... ' \prBO "?-m
*; m P'"* Portland Apr 30 5 m
P0m0na..... Humbolatßav May 1 2pm
s£E°?»;n— *? aDl *«°-:.. , May i.IIAM I
l R J , Uan •- en America.. May I,la m '
Rt*/t. ;■■-•: Ore K° n Ports.. May ii. 4rv
Bt«t«ot ca, eortiana May 3.10 am
oh^k"'-- n * wdo « May 3. Dam
Orizaba slexleo May 3 10am
MJvp"^ 1 *" Vic&PmßM May 4 Bam
Abl^. IDCi hlna & Japan May 4. 3pm
ABiancharu Oregon ports.. May 4.10 am
baniaKoia,. | San Diego..... May 6.11AM1
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
MXX
un/.aoa.. i
C0r0na..........
Empire ...
Homer..... I
City or .PueDla.. i
State of Ca' i
Wastatenaw
Cleone
Pomona,
Arcata
Eureka
Colon
Alice BlancnarJ
Wellington i
Doric }
«ant» Kcsa. .... |
Weeott.. ........
Araco •
Crescent City. .
i Mexico
| San Diego. ...-•—
Portland.
Corn «ay ..--
-i Victoria <£ Pu«ec Sound
I Portland
Tacoma
Crescent City
HuniboUt. Bay
Portland
I Newport —
Panama.
Portland ....
I Departure Kay
| China und Japan
Han Diego.
Eel JtiTcr ,
Coo* bar
Crescent. City...........
Portland
I mill Inn Bar
..Apr 28
..Apr -'9
..Apr 29
..Apr 29
..Apr 30
. Apr 30
..Apr 30
..Apr 30
..Apr 30
..May 1
.May 1
..May 2
i..May i
..May 2
..May •>
..May 3
..May 3
..May 4
..May 4
CJueen
..May 5
1. . May 5
farallon I
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. 8. Coast and Geodetic Survey Tide)
BULLETIN PUBLISHED by Official >
AUTHORITY OF THE SUPERINTENDENT. )
Tuesday. April 28.
r i SPS ft. 15! Moon rises 8.5'Jpx
gets. '..'.' 7.00 Moon sets
April- 1S96.
I Time F Tlmn Feet j TUne | Feet j Time j
27 5.241-0.4 12.20 4.61 6.16j
ii8 0.13 -0.7 1.21 4.3 6.08;
H W Feet L W Feet H W|
129 0.00 6.6 7.02 — l.Oi 2.24
30 0.38 6.6 7.54 —1.0 3.31
M
1 1.22 5.5 8.48-0.9 4.39
2 2.14 5.2 9.44J-0.8 6.42j
3 3.22 5.0l 10.41 j— 0.6 6.36|
I 1.21 11.19 5.6
i 1.8 1
' *Vei,L W I>p:
3.8 6.421 3.3
3.6 7.30 '..9
3.5 8.32 2.9
i 3.6, 9.50 3.1
1 3.8111.31! 8.2
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides tha
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in th»
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the' number given Is subtract!
from the depth given br the chart*
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, April 27.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, 84 hrs frm Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Port Costa direct.
Stmr Del Norte. Stocktleth, 72 hours from Grays
Harbor; 305 M ft lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co: 30 M ft lcpiber. to Simpson Lumber Co.
Stmr Arago. Reed. 40 hours from Coos Bay, p M ,
and mdse. to Oregon Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson, 16 hours from
Greenwood: 240 M ft lumber, to L E White Lum
ber Co.
Stmr St Paul, Leiand, 70 hours from San Pedro
ana way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins
A Co- '< : : '■*-. •
st-*)- Sunol, Dettmers, 82 hours from Cosmopo
lls: pass and mdse, to Grays Harbor Commercial
Co.
Stmr Crescent City, Alien, 34 hours from Cres
cent City: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall <fc Co.
Stmr Tillamook, Hansen, 28 hours from Eu
reka: lumber, to Humboldt Lumber Co.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson. 92 hours from Iver
sons Landing; 90 cds wood, to N Iversen.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 4 days from Point
Arena; wood and posts, to Bender Bros.
Schr Moro, Jorgenson, 16 hours from Point
Arena; r r ties, to J 8 Kimball.
Cleared.
MONDAY, April 27.
Stmr Queen, Green, Astoria; Goodall, Perkins
&Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
dtCo.,
Brig Consuelo, Frlls, Mahukona; J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY. April 27.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Tillamook Bay,
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Ship John McDonald, Storer, Honolulu.
Schr Ralph J Long, Jorgenson.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Anril 27-10 p. h.— Weather
clear: wind NW; velocity 14 miles.
Charters.
The schr Czar loads mdse for Mazatlan and San
Bias.
Spoken.
Apr 23— Lat 43 N. long 10 W, Br ship Lord
Wolseley, hence Dec 27, for London.
Domestic Ports.
SOUTH BEND- Arrived Apr 27-Schr Ida Mo-
Kay, hence Apr 18.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 27— Stmr Walla Walla,
hence Apr 24, for Victoria and Puget Sound.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Apr 27— U 8
stmr Philadelphia.
EUREKA— SaiIed Apr Schr EcliDse, for San
Francisco: schrConflanza, for San Francisco.
Arrived Apr 26— Stmr Scotia, hence Apr 25.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Apr 26— schr Annie
Gee, hence Apr 17. Apr 27— Schr Orion, hence
i Apr 22-. schr John *•* Miller, from Redondo.
STEWARTS t>OlNT— Sailed Apr 27 — Bchr
Archie and Fontie, for Kan Francisco.
KARLUK— Arrived Mar 26— Stmr Ella Rohlffs,
hence Mar 14.
PRINCE WILLIAM SOUND— Arrived Apr 3—
Bark Gatherer, hence Mar 10.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Apr 27— Schr
Newark, for Redondo.
Arrived Apr 27— Schr Rio Rey, hence Apr 25.
CLEONE— Arrived Apr 27— Stmr Alcazar, hno
Apr 26.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Apr 27— Stmr Protection,
for San Francisco. .
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 27— Schr Letitla, for San
Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Apr 26-Schrs Nettie
Sundborg and W S Phelps, for San Francisco.
Arrived Apr 26— Stmr Navarro, hence Apr 25.
• 3*-*""' Foreign Ports.
HONGKONG— Arrived Apr 25— Stmr Peru, hue
! Mar 30.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Apr 25— bark East Afri
can, for Antwerp. ' ;**w -•
PANAMA— Arrived Apr 15— Stmr Starbuck, fm
' Manzanillo.
Sailed Apr 24— Stmr Colombia, for San Fran
cisco; City of Sydney, for Ban Francisco.
LUNDY ISLAND— Passed Apr 25— Ship Benja
min F Packard, hence Jan 8 for Avonmouth.
KOBE— Sailed Apr 27— Ship Charmer, for New
York.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Apr 23— Br stmr Ardan
dearg, from Tacoma.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived Apr 25— Br ship Ro
wena, from Portland. ::'•'.- .
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Apr 25— Br stmr Tacoma,
for Victoria:
ENSENADA— SaiIed Apr 26— Stmr Orisaba, for
San Francisco.
Movements of Tram- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK- Arrived Apr 27— Stmr Aller, frm
Bremen and Southampton: stmr Neustria, from
Marseilles and Naoles.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Apr 27— Stmr Werra
and proceeded to Genoa.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out Apr 27-Stmr
Heel a.
BREMEN-Salled Apr 26-Stmr Bonn, for New
York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Apr 2S-Stmr Noordland.
for New I'ork.
HOOK OF HOLLAND-Passed Apr 26-Stmr
Edam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Apr 27
—stmr Pennland. from Liverpool, for Philadel
phia.
Importations.
PORT ORFORD-Per Arago-18 kegs 1 bx but
ter. 1 sk coin.
Empire City— l pkg molding. 136 sks potatoes.
Marshfleld— 6 bxs cheese, 1 bx mdse. 1 lot Junk.
1 bx hardware, 9 bxs butter, 1108 sks potatoes. 23
pkes mdse, 5 bales 2 bxs woolen goods. 3 chests
express. 3 sks coin, 750 tons coal.
NEWPORT— Per St Paul— l3B bxs lemons. 6
bbls sweet potatoes.
San Pedro— llßo sks corn. 7127 sks barley. 4
bbls pickled olives, 4 bbls oranees.
Hueneme— l bx dry goods, 1 iron share.
Ventura— l bx butter, Ibx honey, Ics shoes. 11
sks almonds, 1 bx type, 1 bx soap, 64 bxs oranges,
60 bxs lemons, 1 valise. *.-.. -
Carpenteria— 7 bbls asphaltum, 2 bbls paint.
Santa Barbara— 44 bxs lemons, 20 bxs oranges, 1
cs ary goods.
Gaviota— 6 crawflsn. 4 bxs butter, 1 bx ad
vertising matter. 3 bxs tobacco.
Port Harford— 1 sk chrome ore, 1 tub butter, 51
bxs butter, 1 bx cheese, 25 bdls bides. 2 bxs fish.
Cayucos— 76 bxs butter. 2cs eggs, scs cheese, 7
bdls hides, 6 dressed calves.
San Simeon— 3o tubs 80 oxs butter, 1 pkg hard
ware, "* cs eggs. 2 cs mdse. 11 dressed calves. ■
Monterey— 4 bxs butter.
GRAY'S HARBOR— Per Sunol— 3lo M ft lumber.
166 bdls hides, i ox dried fruit, 3cs groceries, 2230
bdls shooks.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— l wagon,
1 cs mdse, 2 cs furniture, 17 dressed calves. 80
bxs butter, — M ft lumber.
Consignees.
Per Arago— Marshall, Teggart A Co;W Kennedy:
Hilmer. Bredhoff it Schuiz : Main A Winchester;
Dunham, Carrigan A Co: McDonough A Ruuyon ;
Thomas Loughran; Standard Oil Co: Wolf A Son:
II Dutar.l; Murray A S'elnhagen ; Ross A Hewlett:
Erlanger AGalinger; Bandou Woolen-mills: D J
Rees: Wells, Fargo & Co: Dodge, Sweeney Co- A
Wilson: W C Price A Co; Simpson Lumber Co.
Per St Paul— L Scatena A Co; Gray & Barbierl
McDonough A Runyon: Newmark A "Ed wards- W
5 Phelps A Co; .Schweitzer & Co; Hulme Allan-
Kowalsky A Co; II Dutard: Enterprise Brewe-v L
Hedrlck; O B Smith .v. Co: (; II Young- H War
field; Pacific States Type Foundry: Standard Soap
Co: ImmelACo: Wood, Curtis it Co; John Van
Seiner: Alcatraz Asphalt Co; -spring Valley Water
Works: National Brewery; Levi Spiegel A Co- A
Levy A Co; J Ivancovicn A Co; Allen A Lewis- J
Stotz: American Union Fish Co: Blsslnger A Co;
A Paladini: Wheaton, Breon & Co: F B Halght-
Hilmer, Bredhoff A Schuiz: Dodge, Sweeney A Co-'
v£ a m * , FeU! " er<fc c '°: . C E Whitney A Co: Charles
1 ., :^ 0 '???-™}** l """"Bros: Davidson
6 Miller; H N T Iden A Co: M T Freitas A Co; « D
Malone: Morton's special Delivery: Standard Fruit
Co: B "K h »ra. p „* Co: De Bernard! A Co: A
Wyss; OB Smith A Co; Dairymen's Union: J W
\\ right , Getz Bros A Co; H Kirchmann A Co: A H
Lehman; J Hoffman; Western Meat Co; V Uri A
Co; S Brunswick: Crane A Co. '
_£«" Sun " l -C C Pennell & Co; B H Frank A Co:
Wellman, Peck A Co; Tillmann A Bendei; order;
-..rays Harbor Commercial Co; Western Basket Co.
... ?, r J: . C ' e£ ' c *; nt , City-Hobbs, Wall A Co; A A T
p eil A Co; C £ Whitney A Co: OB Smith A Co:
*B Haight: Dodge, Sweeney A Co; La.id's Gun
Store: Hilmer. Bredhoff A schuiz;, F Url A Cot
Hoffman A Co; Chicago Brewery; Hate Bros.BURLINGHAM AT
FABIOLA FETE.
Society on Both Sides of
the Bay Working
for Success.
GREAT HURDLE RACE.
The County Club Passes Reso
lutions Requesting a Full
Attendance.
LADIES ABEANGING FEATURES.
Grand Marshal Daniels Appoints Dr.
Pardee to Aid in Forming
the Procession.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 27. f
The Burlingham Club has decided the
Fabiola fete must be a social as well as an
artistic success. At a meeting of the
board of directors ol the club resolutions
were passed laudatory of the famous chari
table institution from which the Mayday
festival takes its name and for whose sup
port it is given, and calling upon every
member ot the club to turn out at the fete
with as much decoration and eclat as pos
sible.
The polo-players and hurdle-racers will
be at the trotting park, and the great
hurdle race of one mile and a half over six
hurdles. Among those who will ride are
Walter McCreary, J. Talbot Clifton, F. W.
McXear, Walter Hobart, Captain Wain
wright, R. M. Tobin, H. C. Breedon, Har
old Wheeler. There will be several other
entries before the flag falls, and the race
for the handsome silver loving-cup will be
an exciting one.
The banks of the city agreed to-day that
they would close on Mayday, and, as the
merchants have already decided to do so,
the city will be given over entirely to
pleasure on that day. The bright sunshine
that has set in, and which gives every
indication of continuing, has given the
affair a stimulus it could never have re
ceived under the cloudy skies of the past
week, and now everybody is talking of and
arranging for the fete.
Many ladies are preparing special
features. Mrs. Varney Gaskill will drive
a three-seated carriage, beautifully deco\
rated, in which some handsome young
ladies will be seated. Mrs. Egbert Stone
will revolutionize a farm cart, and in it
will be seated members of the Whist Club.
Mr-. Mcßean, Mrs. Lieutenant Dunwoody
and others are preparing elaborate features.
The committees are in almost constant
session, and all the various departments
are making rapid progress. The entries
for the bicycle races are now in the hands
of tbe handicappers and will be published
Wednesday.
The whole of Alameda County is now
interested in the great festival. " Visitors
from the East, from the southern portion
of the State, and from every town and city
near by are expected. San Francisco will
send many large parties, here, and it is ex
pected that the great ft-te will surpass
that of Los Angeles or of Santa Barbara.
The grounds and executive committee
of the Fabiola fete spent yesterday at the
Trotting Park planning arrangements for i
the handling of the parade and the ex
pected crowds. Grand Marshal G. B.
Daniels and Dr. George C. Pardee, chief
aid, accompanied the committees. Every
thing is being planned for the comfort and
convenience of the attending crowds.
Affairs will be arranged much more com
fortably than they were last year and
shade and seals will be provided.
On entering the grounds a list of refresh
ment booths will be placed in each visitor's
hands and the prices charged. This is to
prevent any exorbitant price being charged
by waiters.
The refreshments will be served in the
new harness paddock, and the ladies in
charge of the booths are making final
arrangements for the accommodation of
guests.
Decorators are requested to name the
flowers they will use, so the parade can
be planned with an eye for artistic beauty
and coloring.
ALAMEDA CITY TRUSTEES
Eighteen Applications for Free
Licenses Granted by the
Board.
Political Equality Club's Meeting.
Theo Vogt's Testimonial
Concert.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 27.— weekly
meeting of the City Trustees was held this
evening and all the members were pres
ent. Bills to the amount of $3725 were
passed for payment. The eighteen appli
cations for free licenses received last week
and forwarded to the committee for report
were granted with five exceptions. The
expense for running the electrical-light
works for the month was stated to be
$1076 74 and the receipts from arc and in
candescent lights $1202 35. C. F. Fischer's
application to construct a corrugated iron
shed at 1334 Park street was referred to the
committee on public buildings.
The ordinance relating to the speed of
bicycles ridden on the main streets was
adopted.
Messrs. Zingg and Powell Bros, appeared
before tbe board for a reduction of one
half on the licenses charged on their bil
liard tables. The matter .was left in the
hands of the license committee.
The City Engineer and City Attorney
were instructed to draw up resolutions of
intention to curb, grade and macadamize
Encinal avenue from High street to the
bay. It was decided to award the stieet
sprinking contract to Lubben Bros, at 31
Cents per hour.
The board then adjourned.
Political Equality.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 27.— The Politi
cal Equality Club held its usual meeting
this afternoon in the O. A. R. Hall.
About twenty ladies were present, pre
sided over by Mrs. Wood. Some of the
petitions for signature in favor of woman
snflrage were handed in, showing over
200 signatures. The others are to be col
lected as soon as possible. A spirited dis
cussion ensued as to the best means of edu
cating the people on the question of politi
cal economy.
The club is determined to boom the
question during the coming month by
means of parlor meetings, camp-meetings
and socials, besides taking up publications
on the question and discussing them. The
first book to be thus treated is "Ten Men
of Money Island" and Mrs. Storey and
Mrs. Paxton - were appointed to arrange
for the same.
A contention arose as to ether it is
the ladies or the gentlemen who, require
educating on the question of political
equality, and opinions seemed evenly
divided. It was stated that the petitions
from all over the State would be forwarded
to the Republican, Democratic and Popu
list conventions. A permanent enter
tainment committee, consisting of Miss
Clara Bowen, Mrs. Bannister, Mrs. Hench
man and Mrs. Porter was appointed. The
subject of Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper's lecture
was announced as "Why I Believe in
Woman Suffrage."
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 27.— The Ala
meda Driving Association held a meeting
this evening in H. P. Mortal's office, San
ford Bennett in the chair. As regards the
circular speed track not much progress
was achieved. J. L. Borden had been pre
vented from getting estimates as to the
cost of the track owing to the inclement
weather. Considerable doubt was ex
pressed as to the feasibility of going on
further with the work until some definite
arrangements in writing had been made
with the Southern Pacific Company, guar
anteeing the use of the track. The locality
also met with disapproval, as it is claimed
to be too"low and wet. It was resolved in
the end to construct a mile track on the
highest land obtainable, even if its use
can only be got for this season.
Testimonial Concert.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 26.-Great pre
parations are being made to insure that
the testimonial concert to Theodore Vogt,
the well-known musical conductor and
; composer, shall be a success. The date
has been fixed for May 15, and come of the
virtuosi whose assistance is assured are
Mr. Marquardt, violinist; Mrs. Marquardt.
harpist, and Donald de V. Graham as solo
ist.
His own two societies, the Alameda Or
chestral Union and the Ladies' Chorus,
will also contribute special numbers.
Fendenon in Trouble.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. April 27.— This even
ing E. L. Marshall, connected with the
Telegram Publishing Company, swore out
two warrants against J. W. Fenderson,
connected with the California World,
charging him with abusive language, dis
turbing the peace and pulling a gun.
Money matters are ascribed as the cause
of the whole trouble.
Municipal League.
The Alameda Municipal League is con
stantly receiving requests for information
i and statistics from all over the Union.
: To-day the secretary received a request
I from the Common Council of Philadel
! phia asking for a copy of Charles E. Nay
| lor's expert report on the city's electric
plant.
Vandals Sentenced.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 27.— Justice
Morris has sentenced B. Marshall to pay a
fine of $5 and Edward Whitney to twenty
days' imprisonment in the County Jail for
the malicious mischief they did to the
premises of Captain Collie, 2311 Alameda
avenue. _______________
WANTS FIFTY THOUSAND
The Widow of "Postal Card
Cooper" to Sue the Southern
Pacific.
The Victim Was One of Three Who
Met Death Owin; to a Train-
Dispatcher's Error.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway. April 27. )
Mrs. J. P. Cooper, widow of "Postal
Card Cooper," who was killed when Train-
Dispatcher Sims sent two trains into each
other in the Altamont tunnel nearly six
teen months ago, will sue the Southern
Pacific for damages. Her attorney was at
the Courthouse and around town to-day
gathering evidence on which to base
the complaint and he will probably
sue for $50,000. 777 x£r7';*k f
The blunder of the dispatcher, who was
shown at the inquest to have been greatly
overworked, caused the loss of threee
lives. They were Henry Schramm, the
fireman, Henry G. Hubbard, the engineer,
and J. P. Cooper, who was being given a
passage in return for shoveling coal, and
who was regarded as a tramp. The com
pany settled with the families of the em
ployes, but Mrs. Cooper's appeals for aid
have been rejected and she has now deter
mined to resort to the courts for redress
for the killing of her husband.
The Coroner's jury, after hearing the
evidence, brought in the following ver
dict: "We find that the deceased came
to their death in the Altamont tunnel
from injuries received as the result of a
collision between two trains caused by a
mistake in giving orders by C. R. Sims,
train-dispatcher ior the Southern Pacific
Company. "
"Mrs. Cooper has waited long enough
"Postal Card" Cooper, Whose Widow
Will Sue for $50,000.
[From a photograph.)
for the company to make some sort of
recompense," said Attorney Mitchell to
day, "but it has not done so, so she has de
cided to bring suit. There is no doubt as to
the responsibility of the accident, but the
company will, of course, argue that Cooper
had no right to be there. This is not good
law, and hundreds of cases can be cited
favorable to the suit brought by his wife.
Although he had not a ticket, he was on
the train really as an employe of the com
pany, as he had agreed to give his services
in return for his passage. Thert is not the
least doubt as to the cause of the fatality
and the only difficulty will be to prove
that Cooper was working his passage and
was not beating his way as an ordinary
tramp. Mrs. Cooper is entirely destitute
and has so far not been able" to recover
anything."
Was It Suicide?
LIVERMORE, Cal., April 27.— The
death of an unknown tramp Saturday
from the effects of" wounds received Fri
day evening has started many theories
He was struck by the train and thrown
from the track, but the wheels did not
touch him. His four companions say it
was nn accident, but many believe that
the five wet and hungry tramps made It
up among themselves to rush before the
train in a punch and end their miserable
existence, but that only one had the
nerve to carry out the plan.
Fruitgrowers to Organize.
LIVERMORE. Cal.. April 27.— A call
has been issued for a meeting of vineyard
ists and fruitmen at the town hall next
Saturday at Ip. m. The object is to or
ganize a growers' association to assist in
educating all in the art of fighting frost
with smoke, and also as a business propo
sition to enable the co-operative farmers
to get better freight rates, and to buy sul
phur, stakes, boxes,. bottles, and all other
supplies at reduced prices.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
WILL BE MARRIED TO-DAY
Rev. C. W. Wendte and Miss
Abbie Grant to Be United
at Home.
FEW FRIENDS ABE INVITED
Only Relatives Will Ba Present—
Pastor Has Obtained a Leave
of Absence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 27. J
The marriage of Rev. C. W. Wendte and
Miss Abbie L. Grant will take place this
afternoon at the residence of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. George E. Grant of
Third avenue, East Oakland.
The wedding is to be very quiet and only
the immediate relatives will be present.
The house has been prettily decorated,
and the large parlors looked very pretty
when the busy decorators finished their
work this evening.
Rev. C. W. Wendte has been pastor of ,
Rev. C. W. Wendte and Miss Abbie Grant, Who Will Be Married In Oakland
To-Day.
the First Unitarian Church of Oakland for
several years, and is one of the foremost
divines on the coast. For many years
Dr. Wendte has been living with his mother
in this city, and much surprise was ex
pressed when his engagement was an
nounced. He is several years older than
the bride-elect, and was long looked upon
as "the bachelor clergyman" of Oakland.
Miss Grant is one of the leading mem
bers of the First Unitarian Church and
has always been prominent in the social
work of that religious organization. She
is a prominent member of Oakland's so
ciety circles and has hundreds of friends
and acquaintances who are somewhat dis
appointed at not being accorded the priv
ilege of attending a pretty church wed
ding. The bride's family is one of the
oldest in Alameda County. Her father is
a pioneer and has amassed a fortune. He
is one of the leading spirits ot the church
and for a number of years has been one of
the trustees.
Dr. Wendte is an able lecturer on art and
has traveled extensively. Miss Grant is
also a student and an artist. She is ad
mired on all sides for her many personal
charms and good qualities.
In explanation 01 having a private wed
ding, Miss Grant said that on account of
Dr. Wendte's position the wedding would
either have to be a very swell, formal affair
or a very quiet home wedding. At her
request there will be none but the plainest
of ceremony and no bridesmaids.
IN TRAINING QUARTERS.
Berkeley Athletes Will Observe
Strict Rules for Dieting
and Exercise.
Juniors Propose a New College Cele-
Summer-School of
Chemistry.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 27. — The
athletes of the State University have
taken material measures to improve their
condition before the big meet next Satur
day, and through these measures they
hope to secure a more firm grasp on the
honors which almost slipped from them
in the contest with Stanford Saturday
afternoon. They took a regular, pre
scribed course of gymnasium work this
afternoon, and to-night they ate their first
meal at the training table, which had
been prepared for them to-day. As soon
as practicable they will go into regular
training quarters and subject themselves
to stringent rules for athletes.
Athletes of wide experience say that the
work of the U. C. men last Saturday
clearly indicated the need of systematic
gymnasium work. Heeding this advice,
most of them have gone to work with the
chestweights and dumbbells. Those who
will take advantage of the training table
and quarters are: Merwin, Koch, Torrey,
Magee, Carroll, Brown, Jackson, Holton,
Cushing, Mumma, Miller and Dorn.
New College Celebration.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 27.— State
University class of '07 is considering a
new phase of the year's celebration in the
wav of a jollification over the advance
ment of members of the class beyond drill
work. The ' 97 men will be seniors next
year, and as such will not be compelled
to drill. It is proposed by some of the
class that a celebration be got up similar
to the freshman Bourdon ceremonies, the
central feature of the affair to be funeral
rites over the much-hated military suit.
It has been suggested that the burial be
held at night and that an elaborate pro
cession be added. If the plans of those
advocating the scheme are adopted there
will be a big turnout of the class and '97
will purchase from '99 the fireworks which
the latter bought for Bourdon, but had no
opportunity to use. <
Summer School of Chemistry.
BERKELEY., Cal, April 27.— Professor
W. B. Rising has announced that the
usual summer school of chemistry , will
be conducted at the university during the
coming vacation, on June 17 and
closing on July 29. -- --.-.. .-- :
The school is one for the teachers of the
State and is conducted with special regard
to the matter of conducting experiments.
The coming session will be the fourth
year of the school, wiich has proved a
great success in the past, many'teachers
from various parts of the State having
availed themselves of the opportunity af
forded for advanced work.
" The Flower Show.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 27. — The
flower show thai was to have beer, held
last week in Shattuck Hall, and which
was postponed on account of the bad
weather, will De held Friday and Saturday
afternoons and evenings, May 8 and 9.
Trustee Martin Returns.
BERKELEY, Cal.. April 27.— Mar
tin, Trustee for the Seventh Ward, has re
turned from the East.
BOARD OF TEADE.
Progressive Merchants of Haywards to
Organize at Once. ..*-.-/
HAYWARDS, Cal., April 27.— The pro
gressive merchants and business men of
this place have decided that it is necessary
to have a Board of Trade to have charge of
advertising the town and acting upon all
matters that may come up that will result
in benefiting the citizens at large. The
subject is one that has been agitated for
many months, but it was not until last
week that work was actively begun.
At a meeting held the fore part of the
week Thomas B. Russel was chosen tem
porary chairman and A. V. Morgan tem
porary secretary. A committee consisting
of Messrs. J. B. Parsons, George A. Oafces
and George Baxter were named to prepare
a plan of organization.
HE MAY DEMAND A DUEL
George Schwartz, au Anti-Social
ist, Swears He Will Avenge
an Insult.
Having Been Invited to a Debate He
Was Refused the Privilege cf
Speaking.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 27. )
George Schwartz, a local debater of
economic questions, has a grievance
against the Socialistic Labor party of San
Francisco. Last week he was invited by
the propaganda committee to hold a pub
lic debate last night with a member of the
party in San Francisco. When he arrived
there sentiment had changed and he was
not permitted to speak. As he showed no
inclination to be shut off after having been
invited the chairman turned off the gas
and the meeting broke up in a row.
"I received this invitation," said
Schwartz to-day, "and went to fill it. It
asked me to meet William Edlin at the
hall, 945 Folsom street, and debate social
ism. I was to take the negative and here
is the programme about the distribution
of time. I went to the hall last night and
was told I was not wanted. I aid not
understand why I was insulted and
demanded a hearing. I produced my in
vitation from, the propaganda committee
that has charge of all these things and
read the terms, but they did not want to
listen. Some of the audience took my part
and demanded that, the debate proceed,
but they were in the minority.
"Finally the chairman told me to get off
the platform and that I could not speak.
I protested, and the meeting broke up
into a row and came nearly being a free
fight. When the disturbance was at its
height the chairman turned off the gas
and the hall was cleared. This morning I
received a postal announcing that the pro
gramme had been changed and that the
invitation was canceled. It was mailed
Saturday evening, and they knew it could
not reach me in time.
"The whole affair is an outrage and 1 in
tend to demand satisfaction. lam certain
the whole affair was intended as an insult,
and I am not going to rest under it. I
will have satisfaction and will not rest
until my honor is vindicated. The second
postal was not mailed until it was Known
that it was too late for it to reach me. My
views on socialism do not agree with
theirs,* but that is no reason why I should
be humiliated."
Victim of the Blairmore.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 27.— An inquest
was held to-night on the remains of P.
Renebaum, the sailmaker of the British
ship Blairmore that capsized, in the bay.
Captain Caw of the ill-fated ship testified
and told briefly the story of the disaster,
as already published. Hamilton Bell, one
of the apprentices, said the sailmaker was
working in the sail locker when the ship
went over, and it is very likely that he had
managed to get out of the door before he
was drowned, and that would account for
his body drifting down the bay.
The captain and apprentice fully identi
fied the remains, and the jury returned a
verdict that tee deceased came by his
death through drowning, as the result of
the accident to the Blairmore.
To-morrow all the survivors of theßlair
more will attend the funeral of the Bail
maker. The interment will be at Moun
tain View. "'.-.-' :
Will Not Reply.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 27.— Mayor J.
L. Davie and County Clerk Frank C.
Jordan, in speaking of ; Father Yorke's at
tacks upon them last night, both say, that
the facts upon which he made his asser
tions had been misrepresented to him
evidently, and as a consequence they had
nothing to say in reply. Father McNally
of this city has commended the remarks
of Clerk Jordan as minded, and re
marked that if such was the belief of the
order he could say. nothing against it.
Any man may rise in the world if he
starts low enough.
CHURCH USED A
WRONG BLANK
The Recent . San Leandro
School Bond Election
Is Void.
POLLS OPENED TOO LATE
Voters Not Given the Legal
Four Hours to Record
Their Choice.
GOOD WOEK EASILY SPOILED.
Another Election Must .Be Held to
Make the Bonds of Any
Value.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., April 27.— A little
informality that has just occurred proves
how easily an issue of bonds may be in
validated.
The recent election in the union school
district for bonds is invalid and proceed
ings will have to be instituted at once to
call a new election.
The whole difficulty is due to the fact
that the Deputy District Attorney took up
a wrong blank when preparing advice for
the Trustees.
When it, was decided to hold an election
to determine whether the district should
issue oonds for erecting a a new building
and furnishing it, the Trustees sent to the
District Attorney asking him that his
office should take charge of the legal busi
ness ana see that everything was done
according to law, as they did not under
stand how to proceed. Mr. Church was
detailed for the work and followed the
work most carefully, scanning every pa
per, order and notice made by the Trus
tees. As he left them the night before
the election he cautioned the board to be
sure to keep the polls open until sundown
the next day.
When the election was over Mr. Church
came down and drew up the necessary pa
pers to declare the result and submit them
to the Supervisors. To-day he appeared
before the Board of Supervisors in Oak
land and advised them that owing to the
fact that the polls had only been kept
open from 2 to sundown it was in direct
violation of the law, which requires that
the polls shall be open four hours.' He
then advised them to refuse to accept the
returns, and said that he would have the
Trustt.es call a new election.
Assistant District Attorney Lincoln S.
Church, in speaking of the subject to
night, said:
"The joke is on me. I took the greatest
care to see that all proceedings were regu
lar, advising the board at every action. In
making out forms for them I used printed
ones I found in the office, and it was not
until I was making out the returns to the
Board of Supervisors that I found I had
used some old blanks instead of the ones
in use under the present law. The old law
requires the polls to be kept open from 2
o'clock to sunset, but the new law requires
that they be kept open at least four hours
and close at sunset.
"The Supreme Court has decided (54
Cal.) that failing to keep the polls open
the required length of time is sufficient
cause to invalidate a school-bond election,
hence it will be necessary to begin all pro
ceedings over again. The cost is only
about $12, but it puts me in a bad light.
I'll stay away this time and see if they
can't do better without any advice from
our office."
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, April 27. (
The Grand Jury will reassemble to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock.
There will be a meeting ot the members of
Lyon Post No. 8, G. A. R., at Loring Hall to
morrow (Tuesday) evening, at 8 o'clock, for
consultation.
Charles McCleverty. proprietor of the Fashion
stables, was thrown from his buggy Saturday
afternoon at Thirty-fourth street and San
Pablo avenue and his right arm was broken
at the wrist.
There will be a regular meeting of the board
of directors of the Merchants' Exchange on
Tuesday evening at 8 o'clock. Business of im
portance will be considered and a lull attend
ance of the members is desired. ','•'.'..-.'
The Oakland bankers agreed to-day to close
their places of business Friday on account of
the Mayday floral festival, the general desire
being to make the occasion a memorable one
in the history of the city.
The long-drawn-out case of Fleming vs. the
Trustees of the City of Alameda will be brought
to a close before Monday. The decision will
cover the right of the Trustees of the city men
tioned to establish an electric-light plant for
the purpose of selling electric light to private
consumers.
Chief Lloyd has Issued an order to the po
lice officers to make and file a report of all of
the hotels, lodging-houses and livery stables
on their beats, with the names of the proprie
tors and the number of their telephones.
Minnie R. Mills has been granted a divorce
from G. S. Mills by Judge Ogden on the ground
of desertion. The evidence showed that Mills
went off some years ago to Florida to raise
oranges and has refused to send for his wife.
Judgment of foreclosure has been entered
in the suit of the Oakland Bank of Savings
against Charles F. Welden for the sum of
$2009 70. W. I. Reed has obtained judgment
on a cross complaint against the same defend-
ant for $295. _
f Tfc_ J* r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
n -r* KEAR.\ V ST. Established
a S3 » or the treatment Private
Established
in 1854 for the treat ment of Private
-K-i»ma_'ff Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
il^ffiSWft disease wearlngon bodyand mindand
S_ss"#**_*wl , l •skin Diseases Thecloctorcureswhen
•3_^^^J2, ' sfall - Try him. Charges low.
vsmmnb ,t ii< uaraiil( cd. Callorwrite.
Pr. J. W. MIBBOM. Box 1907. 5 an J-'ranclg«-o
OCEAN STEAMSIHPS.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. (ft "AYS to.
HAWAII, SAMOA, fcU_ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Hi Br " '
AUSTRALIA. %jPs.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.,
April 28, at 10 a. m*. Special party rates.
H. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, April 30,
at 2 p. m.
Line IoCOOLOARDIE. Ausu. and CAPETOWN,
8. Afr. J. D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
WHITE STAR me.
United States and Royal Mali Steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING EVERY WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- _MB
log to steamer ami accommodations — i*s&
selected : second cabin, $36 and «40: Ma' •* c „n.i
Teutonic. Steerago 'tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. O.W.FLETCHER,
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At *» r. Mi Daily.
Steamer from Each End Sundays.
JBST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER*: *
T. -.'Walker,' J. _>. Peters, _
Mary Garsatt, _ City of Stockton.
i I elephone Main 805. a*. >-v. u-d lm.pt . Co ,
Auction Balee
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Kegular Sale Days,
">iesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 76L
THIS DAY.
Tuesday April 28, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m., at salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST., bet. ~th and Bth,
...,VfT- WILL nu,.,;
Two Upright Pianos, an Elegant Line of Furniture,
Carpets, Stoves, Bar Counter, Back Bar, M rrors,
etc. CHAS. LEVY & CO., Auctioneers.
J. C. IDT Ml. AUCTIONEER,
WILL SELL. THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, April 28, commencing at 11 a. m., at
salesroom. 521 Kearny street, near California, a
full line of
PARLOR, DINING-ROOM AND CHAM-
BER FURNITURE,
Carpets and Linoleum; fine Crockery; Hair Mat-
tresses and Bedding; one tine Piano; ten fine
Ranges; and all kinds of useful household goods.
7'i7-- J. C. Ml-'Til l-.U, Auctioneer.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
"•*.__ TELEPHONE. MAIN, 6181.
Assignee's Sale in Insolvency of a Stock
of Groceries, Wines and Liquors,
\ Will be Sold in uur Salesrooms
Wednesday \prll 29, 1896,
• At 10 o clock a. m. sharp.
Also 2 Delivery Wagons. 1 Horse and Harness.
EDWARD S. bPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
GRAND AUCTION SALE,
TO-MORROW.
Wednesday April 29, 1896,
Magnificent Parlor and Chamber Furniture, Rich
Folding Beds, Carpets, elegant Dining-room
Furniture, etc, contained in 40 rooms, 703 Sut-
ter St., cor. Taylor.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery st.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSIIIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
*_ TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
E*ii-t-»t Class £3.00
Second Class .SSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
General Agents.
O. 3RL. c&5 3>yY
ASTORIA Al PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails April 18 and 28
Hate of California sails April 23 and May 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. st
600DALI* PERKINS <fc CO, Genl. Snpts.
F. F. CON "NOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM _dsfl__
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as ■^^i^ffT
follows:
For Mary Island, Loring, Wrangel. Juneau, Kil-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at V a. st, April li,
39, May 14,-9.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and Sew
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
April 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. 29. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. p. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with G. N. Ky., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Ray) str. Pomona, 2 p. it., April 5, 7, 11, !
15. 19. S3. 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. v., April
i. 5.9. 13, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. it. April 3, 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. May S: str. Coos Bay, 10 a. m.. May 10.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
;\-; ;•.>.: 10 Market st. San Francisco.
COIPAG3IE GENERAL TRAISATLAIf TIQUB
French Line to Havre.
COM PAN PIER (^TEW),42 NORTH A****
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by S3SW
this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yora to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 5160: second-class, $110.
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle
.■ .....May 2, •_"_. it
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
May 9, 8:00 a. X
LA BRF.TAGNE. Capt. Rupe
• May lei"4_.i_
LATOURAINE, Capt. Santelll.. .-.;.
May 2:', 83b V
J(_r For further particulars appiv to
„ „ „ A. FORGET. Agent,
.- „ „tt,-, .**i a r B_B8 _ Bo ,?' I i*'-*; Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
r.venue. San Francisca .
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACKET COMPAM.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL _**M&.
fortnightly for the West Indies and -^OBfaß
eouthampton, calling en route at cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th*
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treat-
■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Soutbamptori. rat class, $195; thirl
«___, «87 MX For further particulars apply to
PARROTT A CO., Agents,
308 California at,
•gfeo-K HAMBLRG-AMERICAI loe
=gjg|?||||£jjfi> TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS
' i ■ *^_ ■ Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris «_ Hamburg
Columbia May 7 I A. Victoria May 21
Normannla...,..May 14 |F. Bismarck May 28
I. Cabin, $75 and upward; 11. Cabin, $15 and $50
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4V 3 h.. free of charsta
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS. 6y 2 h.
For passage apply to HAMBURG-AMERICAN
f ■ ** ■■- 07 Rroadway, N. V.. or to Local Agents.
nAILROA.t> TRAVETJ
Atlantic "^fep
Partite kSSSm
rdl I i 1 L F%^zso§^
RAILROAD W@i^V^v^*^W
Trains leave from and arrive <i»^^i^j?_!l^®?j
at Market-Street Ferry. &&s&d& £ a!wT&
SANTA FE EXPKt^
To Chicago via A. & P- Direct Lino
Leaves every day at 5 p. M.. carrying Pull man
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars ior
Denver and St. Louis. .*.'»*. '-.
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
■nder Harvey management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. *_. and 5 P. m. dally.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars, -
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
■ ■ ' ■■ Chriuiiulv Jiu'i*l'ii_*.
KORTn PACIFIC (OAST RAILROAD "
(Via Sausnlito Ferry).
From Saa Francisco, on •■• n ring March 29, 1896.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *B**oo
•9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. H.: 1:16, 3:*.0, 4:15,
5:16. *i>:o*'. '>:3s p. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne*
days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— **B:oo, »9:00,
■"HcOU, 11:3 Ja. m.; ***!*_. 3 j. -l :*i», *2:15, *4:00,
6:30,6:45.8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Sausalltoac
11:00 a. m.
Trains marked * run to San Qnentln. **»llf*rSo
P.M. does not run to Mill Valley. ■*
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 p. v. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
8:00 a. li. Sundays— Cazadero and way station*.
8;00 a. it Sundays -Point Reyes ana way station*-
:--"".'--.- -•--.-. ■ ■■_-.--■-■
GEO. F. LAMSON, AUCTIONEER/
Office— 4 lO Kearny Street.
TO-MORROW.
Wednesday....." April 29, 1896,
• At 11 o clock a. m. on tbe premises.
404 HAIGHT ST., NEAR WEB* TER,
....I WILI, SELL
The Elegant Furniture of Residence,
....COMPKISIXQ ...
Odd Pieces Parlor Upholstery: Center Tables;
Lace Curtains and pole Cornices; Body Brus-
sells Carpets; Rugs: Ornaments; Pictures; Fine
Baby Eusit.v, cost $35; Fine Baby Crib complete*
Chambers furnished with new Oak Bedroom Sets!
Toilet Sits, Wire Mattresses, Finest Curled-hair
Mattresses, Feather Pillows. Blankets, Lounge;
Fine Oak Chiffonier; White's Sewing Machine'
Elegant Inlaid Bookcase; Fine Hall Hat-Stand
Elegant Oak Sideboard; Oak Chairs; Extension
Table; Crockery and Glassware; Very Fine Cook
Stove with elevated oven; choice assortment of
Agateware; Laundry requisites and other useful
articles. ! 7'% "
Tebks— Cash.
- ■ GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
GRAM AUCTION SALE
OP PURKTITUH.E.
Elegant Household Furniture, Paintings,
Statuary, Bric-a-Brac
And_ other Art Goods belonging to the Donahue
/■-state will be sold for cash to the highest
bidder at the Donahue Residence,
Northeast Corner Bryant and Second Streets
THURSDAY,
Thursday April 30, 1896,
At 9 o'clock A. M.
VICTOR F. SBAWELL, Commissioner,
217 Sansome street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
BIG REDUCTION L\ RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
FOHTL >_.3>T_l3. on,
TUESDAY APRIL 28,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry .ndlng, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. it.
0 C n fl - Including Berth in Pullman Toar-
OOiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets. Including berth In <_*! A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. _lU__
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
£&~ Through Tickets for Puget Sound
l'ointa on Sale nt Reduced Rates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Offlce), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMI'AJSH.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains leave unil arc line to arrive at
0 NAN I'IEANCISCO. 7^C
leave — From March £8, 1896. — arbivb
~~~ 7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. 8:10 p
7:OOa Benicia, - Vacaville. Iturcssy. Sacra-
mento, and Redding Tia Davis.... TilSp
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, I^apa, Caiis-
toga and Santa Rosa../. 6:l3i>
8-.:tOA Niles, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, MarySTille, Red Bluff
and Sundays excepted Oroville.... Ixlflp
"•8:30a Peters and Mi1t0n..... -7:15r
9:OOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 4t4flr .
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 10:1Sa
0:00 a Vallejo 6:13p
1:00 Nilt-s, San Jose and Livermore. 8:1."> a
*I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers :»0p
■ 1 :30p Port Costa and Way Stations t7:_3p
4>oop Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caiistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa 9.111*
4:00p Benicia, Esparto, Woodland
Knights Lauding, Marysville
Oroville and Sacramento - 10:43 a
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7.151**
4:30? Merced, Bcrenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno ll«_"l_
' SiOOp New Orleans l'.precs.Freßno.Baker**-
field, Santa Barbara, Angeles, -
3" .: V.? ■" Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 10.18 a
5:00p Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 10:13 a
StOOp Vallejo 11:43 a
6:0 Op European Mail, Ogden and East.... o:4. i a
6:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Joee 7:43 a
$7:00 e Vallejo i7:45p
7:OOp Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and Last 10«40a
«[10:05p "Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
Ange'.es, El Paso, New Orleans
and Eart **lgt4Sp
SANTA CUIIZ lUVlsio.N (Xarrow Gauge).
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principe! Way Stations }8:03i-
-8:1 5a Neivavk,CeiiterTillc,Sati.Tose,Feltou,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations : si3«_»
•Bslsp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1 1 :-0_
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los G'atos. ■ ■ . OtSOa
COAST DIVISION (Third X lovfii.senil Sts.)
U:4"ja San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l(43i>
8:13 a San Jose, Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz,
Tacilic Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin- .
cipal Way Stations 7ro3p
IO:40a San Jose and Way Stations , 5:00p
11:43 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
*S:SOp Sau Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pinos, S* ta .
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey aud Pacffic
Grove •_•»_•_
*3:30p San Joso andPrir.ciral Way Stations 0:47 a
*4:30p San Jose and Way Statious *8:00 a
3:30 - San Jose aud Way Stations "8:48 a
0:30r San Jose and Way Stations 0:33 a
flli43p San Jose and Way Stations ' 7:43 p
SAX LEAXOKO A.M> 11 At WARDS LOCAL.
»*0:«OA"| '■ ~~ 7 7: ISA
8:OOa tO:43A
X* Melrose, Seminary Park, i?_t»t
*"-BSp Fitchbnnr.SanLeandr* l f:«J
3:OOp .-rf 4.-13P
4:00p f s:4iip
«:OOp navw-irds 6:1 3P
7:«0p 8:43P
8:00p . „ „ . . „.. 9:43P
fl-oop « Runs through to Niles. 10,30r
ttll':l3pj [ From Niles. L_il___°_!
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Sil FRIKCISCO — Foot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 ILOOa.M. *t_:00 *2:00 t3:CO
•1:00 tB:00 *6:00PJI.
From OiKLlßD— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. J12:00 *1:00 t2:00 *3:00 t»:C0
«5:00 p.m. -
A for Morning. >'*•>* P for Afternoon. .
Sun lays excepted. ' Saturdays only,
v J Sundays only. *" Tuesdays only. Xi
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. — -
SIM FRANCISCO & SORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Markets*.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7-.80. 9:00, 11:00 a. k.: 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. it
SDNBAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30 L
, 6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San I. » fuel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50," 9:10, 11:10 a. m.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. it Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. it
I SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:cv, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00,6:25 P. m.
I Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above. ■
. Leaye i - off „_. Arrive
j San Francisco. A prii 2. San Francisca
Sun- T. e .*t?H-, on Bus- I .WkkkT
I ~ Days. [ pays, "e*.„natton. DAysL | Day^
7:80 am 1 7:30 AMI Novato, 10:40 am) 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, I 6:05 pmi 10: 10 am
5:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton, ~™ ~~~- ~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 AM
Healdsbnrg, *
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am , Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Pieta, ". "
7:80 Ait Hopland* ! 10:10 am
3:3o pmj 7:30 am Lklah. > 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am j i 10:10 am
7:30 am GuernevlUe. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm | -^^ j 6:15 pm
7:90 am 1 7:30 AMI Sonoma ; 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 pm 5:00 PM: and j 6:05 pm 6:16 PM
' I • | Glen Ellen. \
7:30 AM|7:H(» aml o-i^,..--., 1 10:40 am 1 10:10 AM
3:30 pwr| 5:00 PM| BeD »8tOpol. , 6;05 pM 6:15 PM
St ict s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Krlseyviiie, Soda Ray and takeport; at
Hopbind for lakeport and Barrett Springs; at
Lklah for Vichy springs, Saratcgi Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Bell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Lay's, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhed-
/ln Heights, Gravelly Valley, Booneville. Green-
wood, Orrs Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort
I Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wlllets. Cahto. Covelo,
Laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red
ran s. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to ell points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market st., Chronicle buUdina,
H. C. WHITING, > E. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manages. Gen. Pus. Aieat.
1314
FAVOR HELD FOR TRIAL.
Impersonated an Officer and Ex
torted Money From a
Chinese.
SOME STRANGE STORIES TOLD.
Failing to Provide Bail He Is Sent to
Jail by Commissioner
Heacock.
Charles Favor, charged with imperson
ating a United States oificer and extort
ing $400 from Wong Sing, was held for
trial by United States Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday. Bail was fixed at $1000,
but Favor was unable to find bondsmen
and was remanded to the County Jail.
The evidence of witnesses for the de
fense conflicted. Three persons testified
to having been in company with Favor be
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 4
p. m. on February 7, the day on
which he is alleged to have received the
money from the Chinaman. It was shown
by the prosecution that Yuk Jeong was
retained in Favor's room on Stockton
street between the hours named on Febru
ary 7. The Chinaman was allowed to go
on the payment of the money by Wong
Sing.
Charles Gilbert, the Chinatown saloon
keeper, swore that he saw Favor on the
street between 7 ana 7:30 a. m. on the day
in question and it was on this pomt 1 that
the Commissioner held the prisoner for
trial.
Favor himself testified that he did not
leave his room until 9 o'clock in the morn
ing and J. McMullen said he saw the de
fendant in bed an hour earlier.
Charles F. Heissel said that he had seen
Favor in a coffee-house at 9 o'clock, and
Druggist Fraser declared that Favor called
at his store and got a lotion at 11 o'clock.
Favor will now be obliged to stand trial.
To Encourage Trade Extension. ■[
Traffic Manager Curtis of the Traffic Associa
tion of California is having prepared tables
showing a comparison of rates to various im
portant points in Arizona ana New Mexico
from San Francisco. Chicasio St. Louis. Kansas
City ami New Orleans. The purpose of this is
to show the members of the association at a
dance those points to which they have a
chance to extend their business, so far as
freight "fates are concerned. It is believed that
this will encourage the local jobbers to make a
more united and a more energetic fight for the
business of those two promising Territories.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opes
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
HSS=* PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AND m
«-**>" A. M.. 121 Eddy St.— Meets Tills A,
EVENING. 7::*() o'clock; second degree. **_f jf
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V>
JETS* CALIFORNIA CHAPTER No. 5, a
IS*-***: R. a. M.. will meet THIS (TIES- _&
DAY) EVENING, April 28. at 7 :30 o'clock. "*_"£ Jf
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. By order of/vN
the 11. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY*. Secretary.
"K^S*** OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF a
r_*—»" Mount Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and __?V
A. M., are hereby notified to assemble in'tfjr
King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple. /\***r>
TUESDAY, April 28, at 2:00 o'clock p.m., for
the purpose Of conducting the funeral of our late
brother, PHILIP HEUER. By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
•r"*"!****--' GOLDEN GATE LODGE. NO. 30. m
»^& F. anil *.. M.— Called meeting THIS _*A
(TUESDAY*) EVENING, April 28, at 7:30^ 7*
o'clock; second degree. / "**j**r\
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
Ift^S= THE ODD FELLOWS OF
— '~- San Francisco have postponed _S_/_SK_j_i
their literary an.l social entertain- i§?"ffi»S!§F
ment of April 23 to WEDNESDAY'
EVENING, April 29, 1896, at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Tickets for April 23 will be good for April 29.
A. W. TURPIN, Secretary.
SETS" ANNUAL MEETING.-THE REGULAR
I-— annual meeting of stockholders of the
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY will beheld at the office of the company,
327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY',
the 12th day of May, 1896, at the hour of 11 a. m.,
for the i urpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer-books will close on Friday, May 1,
at » p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
EK_S" CHEAPEST AND EST IN AMERICA-
-*-»' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
in the United Slates or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
gp"3p~NDTir^^
mr*& the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom
street. San Francisco. Cal., has received the fol-
lowing half-orphan and abandoned girls from Jan-
uary 1 to April 1, 1896: Hazel I. Anderson, aged
18 months; Mary Rose Driscoll. aged 3 years;
Evelyn Tucker, aged 6 years: Lucy Tucker, aged
4 years: Amelia Ruth Rewsche, aged 5 years:
Lovina M. Korb. aged 10 years: Mabel S. Lien,
aged 4 years; Mary M. Lyons, aged 5 years; Fan-
nie Myers, aged 3 years.
Kj? BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
—**-*•* collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy St.. 'room 6. Te', 5580.
SITUATIONS YVANTEI>-FEMALE.
COM PETENT WOMAN~\VITH A CHILD DE-
\J sires situation, $12 or $16; country. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
TOM PE T _ I GERMAN NURSE DESIRES
\^ situation as second girl: good sewer; speaks
no English. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
TWO SWEDISH HOUSEWORK GIRLS, CAN
cock well, want situations in city or country.
Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter st.
TS ERMAN COOK WITH GOOD REFERENCES
yj wants a situation. Address or telephone MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutler st. 3
fi EI^IAN~sKCOND GIRL, YOUNG. STRONG,
' » good references, wants work in city or coun-
try. Address or telephone MISS PLUNKETT.
424 Slitter st.
T7URST-CLASS FRENCH COOK WISHES SIT-
A. uation- speaks no English. Address C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. lie Geary it
3 FIRST-CLASS COOKS: BEST REFER -
ences, $25 to $30. city or country: competent
infants nurse, "f'.O: also upstairs girls and wait-
resses. $i! 0 and $25, await positions. MISS
HICKEY, 1033 Postsu, telepone butter 52.
OWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION; IS A
O first-class waitress, and can furnish good city
references. Call or address 150 Cook st., or. Geary.
M" "IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES HO 7 5"
work. Call at 911 Howard st. ■.-■• y :
WOMAN* WANTS WORK BY THE DAY,
ii washing, ironing and cleaning. Call or ad-
dress 430 Union st. * *;■
COM PETENT~WOMAN wishes situation
to do general housework in.American family;
good cook ; city or country; would like San Rafael -
wages $16. Address N. D.. box 88, Call Office. '
GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY' THE
yj day. housecleaning. coo King, etc. Call or ad-
dress 1623 Mission st.. Snow's dye works.
/ "iL< > 1 : 1 .'. i WOMAN WAN PLACE; GEN-
V era; housework. Call 1130 Pacific st., lower
fiat.
y oung woman, with CHILD 5 years
J old, wishes situation in country; no widower
need apply. W., box 29, Call.
p ARABLE SWEDISH GIRL, WITH GOOD
\J references, wishes place; is first-class laun-
dress; no objection to country. . Call or address
W., Young Women's Christian Association, 1221
O'Farrell st.
■yOUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION WITH
« dressmaker: good sewer. Call or address tf
Fell* place, oft* Powell, bet. Bush and Pine.
RESPECTABLE LADY WISHES TO TAKE
charge of a house during absence of family for
the summer: best cf references and responsible
guarantee. Address W. <* box 132, Call Office.
WOMAN WISHES A STTUXTION FOB GEN~ I
" er.il housework: also a good cook and baker;
■wages $10. 924 Washington su, near Powell.
Good cook OB HOUSEWORK woman*
\J good reliable person; city or country; homo '
more object than wages. Address or call 19 Scott
place, off Pacific St., between Powell and Mason.
CAPABLE GIRL WISHES jj SITUATION TO
care for children. 720 Willow aye. ■■ * .■■■.-..-
WOMAN WISHES TO DO CLEANING OR
'. w-» ing by the day or take care of sick. 120 a
Wildey st., off Fillmore, between Bush and pine.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continoed.
W"anted-by a respectable; lady a
" place where she can get room and board In
exchange for light services, where she can be out
irom 9 a. m. until 4 P. m. : only reliable parties
need apply; can give reference. R. M., box 29, Call.
IDDLE-AGED SPANISH WOMAN WISHES
a place for light I housework, or taking care of
babies. Call at 261 2 Clara St., bet. Fifth und Sixth.
I) ELI ABLE ALSATIAN WOMAN DESIRES
ii work by the hour, day or week: is good cook;
will do housework, take care of sick people, any
kind of respectable work. Call or address M. H.,
6 Central place, off Pine st.
/*< RM A GIRL. USED TO GERMAN AND
VT American cooking, wishes position. Address
571. Stevenson st.. rear.
irUATIONS - WANTED BY 2 EASTERN
O girls as waitress and parlor-maid, or as second
girl: no cards. Yosemite House, 1045 Markets',,
room 161.
SITUATION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
German laundress; best references. 319 Grant
aye., Ahlborn House, room 62.
RE LI A YOUNG "" FRENCH WOMAN
wishes work by the day washing, ironing or
housecleaning. 227 Franklin st. .
GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE DAY WASH-
ing or housecleaning. Address W. R., box 73,
this otlice.
ri OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
VJ the day washing, ironing, housecleaning; or
will wash flannels home; good worker. MRS.
ALLEN, 353*/j. Minna St., rear, near Fifth.
DRESSMAKING AND PLAIN SEWING DONE
by the day or at home; prices moderate. 1004
Market st., room 6. *
AM IC AN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER^
cliy or conntiy references. 17 8 Fillmore st.
WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO
housework; ciiv or country; goid cook. Ap-
ply 363 Jessie st., nr. Fifth; call 2 days.
T> ESPE CTABLE YOUNG WIDOW WISHER
X\i a situation as housekeeper or nurse for chil-
dren or Invalid: city or short distance In the
country: references. Call 606 Fourth st.
GOO D PLAIN GOOK AN MANAGER, PRO-
'T testant, wishes a situation: city or country.
Address, stating wages, 530 Eddy st.
GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS A GOOD
cook, or would do general housework. Apply
726 Fourteenth St., nr. Market.
OMPETENT WOMAN WISHES ANY KIND
of work by the day. Apply 405*/ 3 Gough st.
SMART GIRL DESIRES POSITION
in respectable family ; small wages aud a good
home preferred. Apply at 22 Fifth st.
REFINED LADY, DISCREET AND TRUST-
worthy, desires position as companion or house-
keeper. Address, for two days, MRS. JIINTON,
box 3. Call oilice.
WOMAN, WITH A CHILD. WISHES SITUA-
•I tion: city or country; will work for small
wages. Call or address 512 Howard St., City Hotel.
Q \V E DISHGIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO*
kJ general housework. Please call at 1030%
Minna st., bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
NELDERLY WOMAN WISHES A PLACE
in a small lamily to do general housework:
good home; no objection to small wages. Call or
address 1014 Washington st.
\».* ANTED-BY A FIRST-CLASS ENGLISH
'» cook;understands all kinds French aDd Ameri-
can cooking; good butter-maker; best references;
city or country. I*l ease address W. 8., box 32, Call.
COMPETENT PERSON WISHES POSITION
for general housework: good cook; no children.
Address A. C, box 74, Call.
V URSE, CAPABLE OF TAKING FULL
A> charge of Infant from its birth, wants position;
best city references. Apply 423 Ninth st.
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WASH-
A ing, ironing and housecleaning by the day.
Address 1938 Mission st., barber shop.
"LMRST-CLASS COOK, WELL RECOMMEND-
X ed, desires situation; willing to do housework
in American family. 2415 Clay st.
ERMAN GIRL, GOOD COOK. WANTS
T situation in private family. Inquire 617 Sac-
ramento st.
ITUATIONS WANTED - BY* 2 COMPETENT
cooks, general housework or housekeeping for
widower; best reference. 2612 and -83*8 Post st.
/ IOLORED WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK
\J washing or housecleaning: also colored girl
wishes a situation at light housework and plain
cooking or nurse, wages $10 to $15 a month. Ad-
dress E. W., box 89, Call Oflice.
OCOTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION:
O good cook and laundress: references; city or
country; also competent baby's nurse wants posi-
tion, chamberwork or mending. 606 Minnie su,
near Sixth.
REFINED WIDOW HAVING FIRST-CLASS
■references as housekeeper; an excellent
cook; would take charge of gentlemen's club; city
or country. Address M., box 76, Call Oflice.
EFINED LADY WISHES A POSITION AS
lady's maid or to attend invalid lady; ten
years' experience: has traveled abroad "and is
good reader aloud. Call or address 806 Union st.
pOMPETENT LADY'S NURSE; TAKE CARE I
V/* of Invalid and make herself otherwise useful.
Call at 1411 Larkln st.
RESSMAKER WOULD LIKE: WORK BY
the day or take work home; reasonable; ref-
erence. 219 Golden Gate aye.
E"ESPECTA"-rLE - GERSIAN WOMAN, WITH
a child 6 years of age, wishes to have a place
as cook or general housework; city or country.
Call at 149 Perry si., between Third and Fourth
YOUNG lAD. WISHES ABSTBN^
A ographer; experienced: will take pieceworker
I translations from French or Spanish: good type-
writer; $6 per week. Address M. M„ box 88, Call.
WANTED- A POSITION AS WORK
ii housekeeper; country preferred. Address box
48, Branch Call Oflice, 339 Haves st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to B*6 per week: convenient and respectable;
lree bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
HUNTER <fe CO., CIIINESE^AND^JAPAN^
ese employment office, 17 Webb st„ below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
PC. G.COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
.branches: short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant 46.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 41 41/2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
PHOLSTERER AND MATTRESS-MAKER
i wants work. $1 50 a day; also carpet-layer.
Address Upholster er, box 60, Call Office.
"EXPERIENCED GERMAN GARDENER WHO
XJ has worked in one of the largest wine-cellars
in Sau Francisco for over 6 years, wishes a posi-
tion as gardener or to work in a wine-cellar in city
or country; good references. Address A. X., 316'/i
Langton st- ..■:'■
(fl»OX WILL BE GIVEN BY A SOBER AMER-
«*p^.»J lean for good position as a porter, watch-
man, janitor, etc. Address B. C, box 90, Call.
PRACTICAL ORCHARDIST~WA~NTS POSI-
A tlon to take charge; orchard, vines, stock and
general farming: 16 years' California experience;
Al references: will lease on shares. Address
Ranch, 312 14 Fulton st.
ITUATION WANTED AS BUTLER BY AN
O Englishman references. Address L. 8., box 68,
this office. ' '
OACHMAN AND GARDENER— POSITION
' wanted by middle aged man: country; under-
stands the business in all its branches: sober, in-
dustrious, willing and obliging, as many years of
references will testify: moderate mages. Please
address Coachman, box 29, this office.
YOUNG TRUSTWORTHY SCANDINAVIAN
A wishes situation as man about place; under-
stands his work thoroughly and will give the best
of references. Address S. L., box 138, Call Office-
QITUATION WANTED— FIRST-CLASS
O tlcal circular sawyer or band; can file own cir-
cular saws: best of references; also good mill
carpenter. Address Sawyer, box 106, Call Office.
TEADY GERMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
O coachman and gardener: city or country: un-
derstand* his business thoroughly; reference.
Call or address 34 Hubbard st. -'
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN TO
O deliver and collect, cashier or some other good
position; speaks English and German thoroughly
security given. Address C. ¥ box 64, Call Office.
K ESPECTABLE GERMAN WISHES SITUA-
■ tion as gardener on private place: good -river
' and milker; first-class references. Address R. A..
box 80, Call Office. 7
~.(\ I WILL GIVE $50 ('ASH TO ANY
--""J*, person who will procure me a steady po-
sition at good wages in or near city; am carpen-
ter; steady, capable, but unacquainted; this is
boua tide. R. H. A., box 89, Call Office.
BY A YOUNG MAN, SITUATION AS COACH-
man and gardener in private family; Is a good
milker; first-class reference. Call or address 1238
Folsom st.
OACHMAN. NOT LONG FROM NEW YORK,
has first-class reference, wants work In a nrl-
vale family. Address B. E., box 83, this office.
SITUATION WANTED AS COACHMAN AND
gardener in private family; good reference- ex-
perienced. Address JOHN POULSON, station B
East Oakland. • .7.,^ :;. '
V"UNO MODEST GERMAN (SO) WISHES
x. work of any kind in a private place. Address
3. J., box 76, Call.
OARBER WANTS WORK FOR $10 PER
-I" ween; city or country: good workman. Ad-
dress Barber, box 160. Call office.
QTRONG YOUNG GERMAN DESIRES
oi!.nv «_ 0 1, Rr!y kirn,; city or country. A.
BARON, (856 Natoma st.
YOUNG SWISSMT ALIAN WISHES STEADY
A position to drive light team In or near city.
Address F. 8., 611 Broadway. . J |
GARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PR f-
n vate family; middle aged: single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office. . r -^:-::.\- .:'.■■. \.<^.
TNDUSTRIOUS AND TRUSTWORTHY MAN
A with several years' reference from last employer
wishes situation as gardener and coachman: can
milk. D. J., box 149, this office.
STENOGRAPHER, FIRST-CLASS, DESIRES
position; is also good telegraph operator. Ad-
dress Steno., box 112, this oflice. •
AN ANDWIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE: MAN
understands horses, cattle and grounds- wife
competent cook and housekeeper; California refer-
ence. Address M. D., box 78, Call Offlce.
_ COTCH MAN WITH GOOD REN CES
wishes position to run engine or take care of
boiler. Address Scotch, box 66, Call Office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1596.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. ; 33f;
AlD^~A^y~SEA^Til EsiT^'2o r""l!AUN-
dress. ■$*"*>: 2 nurses, $20 each: housework
Cirls, Berkeley $25. Alameda $25: 15 housework
girls, city and counrry. 3,20 and $25; 6 young pirls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLKN. 323 Sutter st.
IRISH GIRL, HOUSEWORK, $25. MISS
1 CULLKy. 323 Sutter st.
COLORED NURSE. CHILD 3 YJHARS; $15.
MISS CULLEN, 823 Sutter st. ________
GERMAN COOK, WITH REFERENCES; $25;
r call early. MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post st.
T\r AN*TKD--OIRLsT)F ALL NATIONALITIES
"" for places ranging from $15 to $30. MISS
HICKEY, 1033 Post St. .
WANTED-'* GOOD GERMAN OR SWEDISH
' • cooks, wages $**0: a neat young girls for gen-
eral housework, $15 to $20: neat German girl to*
assist with children and upstairs work, $15; also
girl for waiting and upstairs work, sieep home.
MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post St.
MIDDLE-AGED COLORED WOMAN, CARE
of child, city, $15. MURRAY A READY,
634 Clay st. ______
"VTEAT GIRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK. SANTA
-L' Cruz, $15, fare paid, see parly here. MUR-
RAY «fc READY, 634 Clay st.
pIRL I"OIT7:HA>iBERV\'ORK AND WAIT-
VXiur, plain, country, $15, free rare; cook, pri-
vate family. $20; other places. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st. * ■
\\r IFE AND HUSBAND AS COOK AND FORE-
" man ou ranch: $45; see boss here. MI'R-
RAY A READY, 634 Clay st.
LAUNDRESS FOR HOTEL NEAR CITY, $25;
short-order cook, small restaurant, $20 and
room: 2 German girls, housework, city, $15: girls
for housework, city aad country, $15 ami $20;
extra waitresses tor couutrv; second girl, country,
$20. C. R.HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
TIT ANTED— A FRENCH SECOND GIRL, $25;
" girl for second In San Luis Obispo, $15;
French nurse fo grown children, $25; Swedish
second girl, I'erkeiey, $20; good German seam-
stress and maid, $25: waitress and parlor maid,
$25; German cook, $30: twentj* housework girls
for city and country, $25, $20. $15 and $10. ip-
ply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter st.
U," ANTED — GIRL FOR ~ COOK AND
" housework, small family, nice place, $25:
Protestant second girl, $20; 2 cooks In boarding-
house and restaurant, $20, and girls of all nation-
alities to till our numerous situations in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312 Sutter s*..
I'A lON ABLE GIRL FOR CHILI); 20
girls, American families. MME. LEOPOLD,
20 Stockton st.
WANTED— PROTESTANT COOK, COUNTRY,
" $25; second work boarding-house, $15; Ger-
man and Scandinavian girls for cooks and house-
work, $25 and $20; second girl, with references,
i"*.&. LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
Yir A N TED— YOUNG GIKL FOR LICSIIT
ii housework; wages $10. . 937 Fourteenth st.
ANTED — YOUNG ('IRL TO ASSIST IN
" light housework. Apply 1456 O'Farrell st.
\\r ANTED — NURSERY GOVERNESS WHO
»' will understand the care of an infa t: refer-
ences required. Address N. G. A., box 129, Call.
PROTEST FOirG"ENERAL HOUSE-
work; good cook ; light washing: German pre-
ferred. Call between ** and 11, 4 and 6 at 913 Oak.
ADY WANTS MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AS
companion in exchange for furnished room.
219% Prospect place, California, Pine, Stockton
and Powell.
VV* ANTED-GIRL FOR COOKING ANDGEN-
" eral housework in small family; one who
speaks German preferred; good wages. 1830
Eddy st. "*■»
ANTED-FINISHERS; ALSO OPERATORS
» i on pants. 923 y_ Folsom st.
"trODNG GIRL TO~TA X CARE OF BABY;
A must sleep at home. 2108b Post st. .
p ERMAN GIKL FOR HOUSEWORK; MUST
V.T be good cook; reference. Call 2 days between
9 and 12 at 1814 Larkin st.
"PAILORESS. CUSTOM COATS; ALSO IM-
I provers; finishers on pants. 1028 Market st.,
upstairs.
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
A $8. 1535 a Mission st.
YY" OMAN AS COMPANION; SMALL WAGES.
II 44 Plymouth aye , Mission-st. extension.
GOOD WAIST HAND. 223 a LEAVENWORTH
St., room 11; don't ring.
/-•■ OAT FINISH AND APPRENTICES.
\J 541 Market st.
ANTED-TA'LORESS ON CUSTOM COATS;
one who can operate. 626 Minna st.
\\r A NTED-GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
11 1611 Post st.
ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IS
»' general housework. 919 McAllister st.
A PPRENTICE GIRL: HAIR - DRESSING
-TL parlors; permanent. 131 Post st., room 20.
V OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH house-
X work and take care of children; $10 a month.
613 Seventeenth St., bet. Dolores and Church.
EXPERIENCED FINISHERS ON COATS. 9
- Ninth st.
G"~ "ikITfOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK AND AS-
slit with children. 1433 Valencia st.
RELIABLE PROTESTANT GIRL OR WO-
man to take care baby and assist light house-
i work; wages $7. MRS. HENRY, 33 Lily aye., off
Franklin, nr. Page.
VESTMAKER AND APPRENTICE.
V I -207 Fourth St.
YV" ANTED-GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
11 2 in family. 29 Belvedere St., Asbburylleighta.
I'FRENTICES ON PANTS; PAID WHILE
learning. 249 Stevenson st., near Third.
YOUNG GIRL, BLEEP HOME. ASSIST
-"- light ho'isework: wages *8. 1606 Post st.
WANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
ii school; course thorough, practical; satisfaction
positively guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leaven-
worth st.
PER A TORS ON* OVERALLS. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 321/*. Fremont st.
WANTED - VAUDEVILLE PEOPLE. \F-
*»» plyto ARCHIE LEVY, People's Palace: stage
dancing taught; positions procured if competent
RIGHT YOUNG GIRLS TO LEARN DRESS-
making; paid while learning. BOWHAY 504
Sutter st.
IRST-CLASS SKIRT-MAKERS. bowhay!
A 1 504 Sutter st.
SA LESWOMAN AND BOOKKEEPER. BOW-
HAY. 504 Sutter st.
vr ANTED - GOOD TAILORS ON CUSTOM
»' pants. 41iy 2 Kearny st.
Apprentices' TO LEARN dress CUT-
tlngand making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
AIOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE^
•It* Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market :
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free 'bus to and from ferry.
AIRDRESSING. 25c ANlT_s_: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons.$l 60. 1248 Mission.
TARESSM AX IN< *,~C AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. McDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 10 $6 per
week: f~e bus to and from the ferry.
A -X£ XX ' S * N E WS FOR 5 CENTS -THE
-"X A EEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for malllnK. .
MALE HELP WANTED.
80 000 REDWOOD TIES TO CUtT^T!^
■.^V/.\"\"V7 10c, lie and 12c each: tools and food
furnished by company; see boss here. MURRAY
A READY , 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 COOKS, $30 TO $65; 4 WAITERS. $25 TO
$30; 2 waiter-boys, $15 and $17 50; 3 dish-
washers, $15 and $20; lunch-counter waiter $6
week: lumh-counter cook, $7. MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
p ERMAN GARDENER: PRIVATE FAMILY-
\J $20: see bOJS here, MURRAY' & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
Q AILOR FOR A GENTLEMAN'S YACHT. $20-
-k_s woodchopper, $1 40 cord, Sonoma County]
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
AN AND WIFE TO TAKE CHARGE OF
ranch, $45 and found; see boss here. MOB-
RAY A READY", 634 and 636 Clay st.
ARM E AND WIFE, NO OBJECTION TO
1 child, for a vineyard in Napa County, $300 a
year. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
L*ARMER AND WIFE FOR SOUTH, $30 AND
A found: 5 farmers. MURRAY A READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— COOK, OYSTER-HOUSE,
11 $7 a week; night cook, chop-house, ; $25 ;
plain restaurant waiter, $30; elderly man to feed
chickens, etc., $8: choreman for resort, $15;
German gardener. $20; farmer and wife, $40;
German boy to wash dishes, $10, etc. L. ANDRE,
315 Stockton st. .
PANTRYMAN FOR INSTITUTION.. -*30,
country; all-around laundry man lor.hand laun-
dry, seaside hotel, $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN
CO.. 110 Geary st. j ' ,
UTTER-MAKER. $40. AND 3 MILKERS. $20
each, for same ranch; milker for Oregon, $30-
-milker, Kern County, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
«"> QUARTZ MINERS, $2 SOTO $2 75 A DAY.
-J C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
CIOLORED - BARBER AND PORTER, SUM-
* mer resort. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
I^XTRA PASTRY* COOK; ENGLISH WAITER
- for summer hotel; $30: waiter for springs who
can play piano. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
W ANTED— 4 more QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50
ii to $2 75 a day; woodsmen, $26 and found:
swamners, $20 and found: Italian or French
waiter; 2 waiters for miners' boarding-house, $25
to $27 50. and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
0 QUARTZ MINERS, $2 50 A DAY"; WOOD-
M chopper on shares: ranch teamster and wife,
$30: waiter boy. $15: 10 tie-makers, 9c each. R.
T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— FARMER AND WIFE, SHORT
"I distance in. country. $40 and found; young
German about bakery, $20 and found ; 10 railroad
tiemakeri, also farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters
and dishwashers. "W. D. EWER A C ■>., 626 Clay.
DUTCHEB FOR, ARIZONA. $50. BOARD
XJ room, etc.: young man as waiter. $15, room,
etc. ; also bellman and wait some, $15, room, etc.
Call early MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market st. ; ..
1(\ TAILORS — STEADY WORK; . GOOD
a.v wages. 641 Market st.
HELP WANTED-Continued.
- M AN IN A WINEHOUSE WHO SPEAKS
. ■"■*- German; act as barkeeper; understands mix-
; ing drinks and is a good inside salesman: only one
, with best references from last employer in tho city
. need address. Wine, box 126, Call. ;
i "[if AN TO DRIVE A WAGON THROUGH THE
xix. country: muet give small cash security. Call
- 99 < Market St., Grand Central Hail, bet 10 and 12.
INGLE YOUNG MAN AS GENTLEMAN'S
nurse; experience and ref. Flood bldg. room 7.
' rri AILOR WANTED AT 722 VALENCIA ST.
I L""RRAND-BOY* WANTED AT 136 NATOMA
XJ street. ' -
" piANO - PLAYER WANTED. 116 EDDY
. A street.
J" "CURST - CLASS FINISHER ON CUSTOM
X- vets. 3 Dykeman place, off Mason.
pooi> bTrber~( MAN) WEDNE3-
-; __£__£; Saturday, Sunday; $6. 1224 Polk st. .
\ SHOEM A KER ON REPAIRING; PERMA~
O nent job for sober and steady man. 726*/_
■ Howard st.
■ WANTED— AT 131 SEVENTH ST.
- V\ TEI, "- '' ' i T3cLASS WAITER. CALL
11 Pennsylvania Hotel, 226 Michiganst., Potrero,
. opposite Union Iron Works.
I tntkLligent'young man with $200
- A cash as security can get steady work with fair
- wages. Call 44 Third st.
- -fit! 00 BAR HER-SHOP; 2 CHAIRS; 6
; HP AIM."', years established: good laundry trade;
2 sunny rooms: fine location; rent $12. Apply
i Call Oilice.
R' « IMS l*)c r To"7sc PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 60
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
; "V-O WANTED, LA DT OR GENTLEMAN
; A*« partner in restaurant to take charge of dining-
' room and cash : present - proprietor a first-class
' cook; must have small capital. 237 Third st.
, I*"OUR LIvITeX^^rTeNCEI) CANVASSERS;
1 As 4 to $7 a day easy: something new. 305
- Spreckels building, 9a.m.to 13 m. to-day. "
" rANTEn^STEADY* MAN TO ASSIST IN A
> 11 store; salary $75 per month, with an Increase
; If deserving: permanent position: must have $150
■ in cash. Apply rooms 1 and 2, 766 Market st.
[ Good SOLICITOR FOR $4 PANTS; REFER-
VJT ence. Apply 22 Geary St., room 29.
I "RARBERS-GOOD-PAYING 4-CHAIR SHOP
IA in San Jose for sale. DECKELMAN BROS.,
' Barber Supply House, 106 Ellis St.
Ba rbelwshop for sale. 737*/ 3 MARKET
i XJ St., opp. Examiner olhce.
- WANTED- AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
, 11 cry st., clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless sue-
, cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
WANTED— MAN TO LEARN AND
; 11 run a tintype gall-rv; must have small capi-
tal. THOMSON, 1035 Market su, room 10.
: QHOEMAKER TO RENT 2 ROOMS; SUIT-
-0 able for shop; rent $5. Ellis and Fillmore st.
• ft 97.11 PARTNER AS CASHIER IN RES-
; Hp-^yfU. taurant: transfer point. 1212*/ Polk.
GENTLEMEN TO TAKE SUNNY FUR-
lied rooms; 75c up. 545 Mission st.
i WANTED- MEN TO LEARN BARBER
11 trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
1 catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
CLER KS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
[ "YIAN AND WIFE (WITHOUT CHILDREN)
111 wanted to take charge of a ranch; man must
understand general farming: also vineyards and
i orchards: wife must be good butter-maker, cook
and do general housework. Address by mall with
' references. Bella Vista, 1066 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
•JOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
XX Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
( tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
"VIEW WALDO HOUSE 765 MISSION. BET.
-Li 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
' strictest attention to morning calls: open all nighu
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50;
half-soleing 25c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
• WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
11 some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
i and list of 200 inventions wanted.
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
11 ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
PARBERS" PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
■ J■> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 657 Claj.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION Or CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238 1/2 O'Farrell.
Asm m A CURE •■ GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
• ■£»■ din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
1 INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOW
I J sts. ; single furnished rms 75c week, 15c n^ht.
1 -JUST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
1 »" Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half pnc«*sc,
10c, 15c pr uight;clean beds.sunuy rooms.no banks
I*"OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-C"4nT
. meal try 13*/ 8 Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
I IVE SOLICITORS FOR NEW AND HIGHLY
, Ai profitable proposition: accident, health and life
insurance. Call bet- 3 <fe 5 p. _ or address Fidelity
Mutual Aid Association, 316 California, room 18.
W ANTED— juABORERS AND MECHANICS
11 to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third sU; 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
VY AT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
1* St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, Sl a week: meals 10c
BEST IN CITY-SING E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, Sl 60 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
"MEN'S y -SOLING 60c; LADIES' 40c; DONE
xix while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace HoteL
1/ If) MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
AM If and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EN'S SOLES, SOc; HEELS. 26c: DONE 15
minutes, while you wait. 635 Kearny su
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
1 I your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you walu
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
A' EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
lil all grocers keep lv
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 862 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863% MARK ST.—
- Rooms 20c, 25c to SOc night; $1 to $": week.
WINC-HESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
liREE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
also a bottl «of lager, 6c, at 637 Clay sU
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
ANTED-BINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
11 week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay sU ■■--:.-.■
PARTNERS WANTED. * *
PARTNER FOR Al^ MANUFACTURING
business: $250 to $500; will bear close invesli-
gatlon. Address Partner, box 75, Call Offlce.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 FURNISHED OR PARTLY FURNISHED
housekeeping rooms by American family of
adults in Western Addition; reasonable. Address
E., box 16. Call.
rj"IO HIRE BY THE month— a cheap UN-
A furnished room between Second street and the
ferry. Address H. R. G.. 32 Perry st.
■«> OR 3 NEAT BUNNY UNFURNISHED
—1 rooms suitable for housekeeping within 6 blocks
of Market and Taylor sts.; references exchanged.
Address 11., box 29, Call.
"WANTED— FROM 1 TO 4 UNFURNISHED
11 rooms: cent rail v located; reasonable. Ad-
dress W.. oox 9. Call Oflice. 1 ' *
BOARDING WANTED. _
UOARD WANTED N. OF MARKET ST. IN
'> Spanish family. Apply by letter, stating
terms. F. a., box 18. Call Office.
"WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
YY' i^7?6^hTeQ_mlly^x)XvTmu st~be
11 cheap and gentle. W., box 6, Ca 1. ■ .
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
l^ cliv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st-: send postaL
DENTISTS.
DR. L- T. EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
V> ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1 ; extracting SOc, with gas $1.
SH A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
tip • good us can be made: tilling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist., 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are mode; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
HONEST WORK"; VERA' LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
"L*ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
A five years. DR. v. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE DR H.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
1 \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of nainless extraction
and patentee of improved bAdge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell su
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c! CROWN
bridge work a specialty: plates, $5 up; 13 years"
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 81534 Geary.
I »R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ -IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
\J ketsu DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. .
Tilt J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET; COR. GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
AH> WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J W. key. 1123 Market st.
~ •■■ "•■ * - bicycles;
PARK NEW WHEELS TO xET;
-f- best ■ accommodations. * Terminus Geary, Mc-
Allister and Powell st, car line- Mig*"-' '
____ PERSONALS. ;/_•■.
INFORJIATION IS WANTED OF ALASHER
A E. LINCOLM, who came to California 10 1849;
was a frame-builder. Address B. LAURIE. 10
■Monroe su, San Francisco.
•"TRAVELING MAN WOULD LIkE TO MEET
J- respectable young lady fond of traveling; ob-
ject matrimony. Address "Confidentially," box
47, this office.
HOGS ARE CHEAP!
,„ . BEST SUGAR-CURED MEAT.
Picnic hams..... 6c lb
Rolled 5h0u1der5...... ...; 6c lb
Square-cut shoulder.- 6c lb
Best Eastern hams 8c lb
Tennessee hams 8c lb
LINCOLN BROS.. Cash Grocers,
226 Sixth st., middle of the block.
INFORMATION WANTED— THE ADDRESS
■X or information of ALICE ALLISON (or EL-
LISON); maiden name ALICE DROGE; last heard
of in Fresno, Cal. Address D. BRUNS, guardian,
Emeryville, Alameda County, CaL*
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
__. cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
T OW PRICE — 25c FOR HAIRDRESSING
J-- does not mean inferior work- in my case; I
have the very best artists in the city in my em-
ploy ana 1 give the most satisfactory and iip-to-
date service. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
pITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY' 132
\J Geary, removed from Larkin st. to 119 stock-
ton ; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
TAT ANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
_ T Ing.O. NOLTE, jeweler. 222 O'Farrell.
PICTURE FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
1 2 ! : , ! i es '- 1 . 00 ,*.?-**** 10 ana 10-12. 15 c; 11x14 and 12
xl 6, 20c; 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x
-4. 45c; 22x28 inches. 60c. JONES, 547 Mission.
Cl*] A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
HP X floor. 206 Leavenworth st.
fTIEMPLE OF BEAUTY, 923 MARKET ST.,
x. opposite Mason— California laurel hairdye and
removing superfluous hair specialties.
"DIG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
XX ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market su
VY r ILL T. VALENTINE.MERCHANTTAILOR,
1 1 removed from 9 Powell st. to 516 Geary st.
VfA UD-THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
MX Company will move your trunk for 25 cents.
Office 43 Sutter su, phone main 49. SAM.
DR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to Y'.M.C.A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 5477.
Ij-LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-WIN-
XJ Chester House, 44 Third sU, near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night*. $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash ; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
C CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
VV for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister sU
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
ARIINUTON'.-, SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes; Instructors, .1. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, R.L.Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
rPHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT.
A 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
1 i\C\(\ CARDS, $160; SHOW CARDS, 15c;
A "MM tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary su, r. 39.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market su
CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Snnsome St.. 'upstairs.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPP^B^3TcENTS~Upi
lawn $1 up. 605*4 Natoma st.. above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A- , — A— A
50 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME
TO CONSULT THE GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
AND MEDIUM PROF. F. EUGENE
1728 MARKET ST.
The professor during his long residence In san
Francisco has met with unprecedented success.
He could refer you to people all over the world for
testimonials us to his worth, but it Is not neces-
sary to search the extremetles of the earth
when he can refer you to thousands in your midst
who have been made prosperous and happy
through his wise advice; ask your prosperous
neighbor who started him aright. Investigate and
you will find that your business rival is one of his
many patrons.
'■Nothing succeeds like success,'' and If you
would be successful call on him without delay: It
costs practically nothing; 60c and $1, 50c and $1,
60c and $1. 60c and $1, SOc and $1 is his price
atpresent.no more than you woula pay an un-
known clairvoyant or a partially developed
medium.
His readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. - The professor gives advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settles lovers'
quarrels and causes speedy and happy marriages.
He locates mines and burled treasures, finds lost
or stolen pronerty. Interprets dreams, cures bad
habits and destroys evil influences In half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professor in san Francisco.
Remember PROF. EUGENE'S communications
come direct from the Spirit World, hence his in-
ability to be mistaken In any matter.
Remember also that the Professor Is perma-
nently located in San Francisco: he is here tostay.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 P. if. Letters containing
stamps answered. PROF. EUGENE,
__ 728 Market st.
TARTLING ! " ~
BEWITCHING! BEWILDERING!
MARVELOUS!
Multitudes daily visit the sumptuous parlors of
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE, 220 EDDY ST.
And why Is it? The record made by this greatest
of mediums 7 years ago is reproduced upon his re-
turn, .and the grand truths he then expounded left
Indelible imprints on the minds of studious people.
During the years of absence from cur great city
the professor has visited every city of Importance,
and has been consulted by the most eminent ex-
ponents of every art and science. He at all times
Invites skeptics to call on nim, and he will con-
vince them that he Is sincere and truthful in all
that he claims to do. The professor believes that
"Honesty is the best policy," and desires your con-
fidence on all matters incidental to humanity. If
your existence possesses the many intricacies
which need unraveling he is prepared to show
you the way. If false friends surround or beset
your path you will find his marvelous powers of
the utmost avail. His vast experience in giving
advice on business, mines, speculations of any
kind, games of chance,) changes, lawsuits, wills.
old estates, lost or stolen property, interpreting
dreams, curing bad habits, and guiding you
from all troubles or dangers; also, indispensable
advice on love, marriage and how to choose a
wife or husband for future happiness or success.
This, together with the work he performs in rel
uniting the separated, causing a speedy marriage
with the one you dearly love, healing family
troubles, removing evil influences, etc., is the
safest guarantee that he Is once and for all the
most brilliant medium and clairvoyant of modern
times. Thus It is that professional men and so-
ciety leaders seek his advice: thus it is that a
heavy mail is daily his. The grandest test of all
is to seek him personally and you will find him to
be the magnetic medium of the people. Letters
with stamps promptly answered. Hours, 9 to 9
daily and Sundays. .
GYPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS DAILY I.EC-
trie treatments. 946 Mission, hours 10 to 9.
VPSY I LIKE-READER; LADIES, 26^1
gents, 50c; readings daily except Sun. 5 "7th.
AUNT MARY; CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
-Ist; consultations dally; 60c and $1. 1031
Market.
EST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; IOcT MME.
X. \OUNG. 605 McAllister sU; skeptics invited.
VI ME. MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
-MX past.present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
PROF. ZANZIC, RELIABLE MEDIUM, CLAlR-
voyant and palmist, Parlors 815 Ellis st.
"M ME. RAVENNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY*
xix tips on races; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth..
ME. PORTER, CARD-READKR; TE_L3
-l-l past, present, future: ladles 60c. gents $I-
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MI N NIE ADAMS.TALENTFD PALMIsT AND
life reader; names given; 25c 43 Minna st.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave; fee 26 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
Returned] WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
■ dium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1. shows you the Dictureof
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MME. STEWART; GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter-
read curds since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits'
marriage: ladies or gents SOc. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ME. DR. THOMAS. scientific REVEAL-
er by eggs and curds; tells entire life, past
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given;, good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake 'm-
possible; fee $1; letter $£. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
CHE A PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
ag free.
SPIRITUALISM.
LADIES'AID CHARITABLE SOCIETY BENE-
fit to-night given by Mrs. Kate lloskins: lec-
ture and tests. 110 Hayes st.; admission 10c
7 ONELLA— ONE OF THE MOST WONDER-
XJ ful mediums of the age; just from the East;
she created a sensation East and also in Europe
through her medlumship; all are Invited to call-
she remains with you but a short time; do not re-
main In darkness, but seek the light of truth; wis-
dom Is power. 318 Kearny st., room 18.
■JYfRS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
-ix trance medium: sittings $1. . 218 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY.
TLfMiT r 'EX^^ CLAIRVOYANT, RE-
ata moved to 1003 Missioa st., nr. Sixth; fee &oc.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
S~~QrCrC PARTNER: RESTAURANT~BUSL
<JJ)«)OU. ness: **>25 daily; can be increased;
guarantees $75 monthly. - STENBERG A CO.,
632 Market sU . ■■
4_->7r.O TRANSFER AND EXPRESS COM-
«iP*_.^" pany; established many years: large
trade with leading business houses: first-class
horses; 4* wagons: clears over $300 monthly;
splendid opportunity to secure steady profitable
business with sure income: thorough investigation
allowed; correct representation guaranteed.
STUN BERG A CO.. 632 Market st.
Q-'-^OO CORNER SALOON; DOING GOOD
tJptjUU. business: value in sight; receipts aver-
age $12: full investigation to party meaning busi-
ness. STENBERG A Co.. 632 Market St.,
ESTAURANT: YOUR OWN PRICE; NEAR
market: established for years: cost to fit was
$1000. STENBERG & CO.. 632 Market st.
ffl^-ne CORNER SALOON: CITY* FRONT:
rJ)'ir^j<J. private rooms; big lunch during day;
full value stock, fixtures: disagreement partner-
ship only reason for selling. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st. ■
ffi.fr cry PAYING COUNTRY* BJTCHER ]
»Jn«J«jU. business; 1 country peddling- wagon
with good outside route; 1 delivery-waton: 3
horses: harnesses: all shop fixtures. BARRETT
A- SKIFF, 921 Market st.
(mo**) ;rT MARKET-STREET SALOON: FINE
*R)4UAn). place; pays well; must sell on account of
sickness: snau. BARRETT & SKIFF. 921 Market.
4_9AA UK' BARGAIN; PAYING COFFEE
•_^j_.'.'\/. saloon; vicinity sixth and Market;
worth $500. BARRETT* SKIFF, 921 Market.
<J_l I /.A CORNER GROCERY: RECEIPTS
«!pJ.-iUU. $1300 month; fall value in stock and
fixtures: rent $40; rooms. BARRETT A SKIFF,
921 Market st. . ■ ■
(Bjrrrv BaT« A DELICACY AND
>)t)\J. produce business, with horse, wagon
and route: cheap at $800; finely fitted; large stock;
4 rooms. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market St.
"C~7~7i CORNER FRUITSTORE: MUST SELL
»U»L>iJ. to-day. BARRETT SKIFF, 921 Market
ffijl "1 fiA HOTEL; FINE BAR; 29 ROOMS.
■tSpl.Lv/U. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
<& AAA CANDY - STORE AND FACTO ;
<J)tIUU. fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market.
G-^AA RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION;
<IP«JUU. DECKER, 10.0 Market st.
TF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI.
1 ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall ave-
<&l £",00 HALF-INTEREST IN new pat-
HPA-OKJU. ent nlckel-in-slot machine; superior
to all others; field to place hundreds: rare chance
for right party to devote his entire time and make
big money; investigate this chance and see ma-
chine. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
-KJ-aO FINE - PAYING delicacy AND
HDyxiJ\J. produce business: elegantly fitted up;
large stock and 4 living-rooms; a rare chance. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
{000 ONE OF THE NEATEST
«"p.J.\_"U"_/. new and second-hand businesses
in the city; elegant stock; cheap rent; fine local-
ity and rare bargain if taken soon: object of sell-
ing, sickness. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<S1 J.OO KI <EGANT GROCERY AND BAR;
•")IT'U. fine locality: good trade and highest
bargain ever ottered in city; investigate this, you
will never get this kind of a bargain again. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
TATE RIGHTS FOR SALE ON PATENT
to sewing machine attachment: thousands in de-
mand: rare chance to make big money and resell
county rights; investigate and see patent. T. LV-
BELISKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"ft '^000 FINE GROCERY BUSINESS: 2
*U)<j\j\j\j. horses and wagons; doing s7s perday
business; paying well; fine locality: only object
for selling going back to Europe; investigate this
fine place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
300 FINK CORNER CYCLERY; 24
HP J.OV-V*. first-class wheels; business estab-
lished; doing well: cheap rent; right in desirable
locality, near park: if you want a cyclerv busi-
ness, investigate. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
A of any kind see GUS STRAND, 45 Third St.
ftIQOO BAKERY; MOST CENTRAL LO-
'-£> iwv. cation; same owner 21 years; I'M,
barrels perday: all store trade; day baking- easily
clears $100 per month; fully equipt el to run first-
class place; sickness cause of selling; 2 weeks*
trial for buying. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
S'/T", SALOON; NO. 1 LOCATION: GOOD
-_"•— 10. business; full value In sight; best of
reasons for selling. GUS STRAND, 45 Third su
ft9*A*n GROCERY AND BAR: NO. 1 LOCA~
HT^.U\J. tlon; full value in sight: pays well;
good living-rooms. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
T> ESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION; GOOD
it paying place; well fitted up; best reason for
selling: price reasonable. Gl"s STRAND, 45 Third.
BRANCH BAKERY AND VARIETIES; SUN-
ny furnished rooms. STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
700 OOR-N-ER - BARROOM ON WATKR
HP I UU. front: 1 block from Market st.: good
paying place; owner must leave for East. VYILKE
A WOLF, 531 California st. -
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS. RIGHT AWAY
see or send to STANLEY, 21*/*, Third st.
CIGARS. NOTIONS. LAUNDRY OFFICE*
good trade; must sell. STANLEY, 21*V_ Third.
$'-?00 "RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS, CAN-
«*UC". ales: good trade: fine location; 5 living-
rooms: cheap rent. STANLEY, _U*t / _ Third st.
NOTICE - TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
Al promptly for cash. HEALY* A CO., 23 Kearny.
S97*"*. EXPRESS AND TRANSFER BUSI-
-- I _". ness for sale; one of the best stands in
this city; kept by present owner 10 years: selling
on account of an accident. Apply W. F. HEALY
A CO,, 23 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER LIQUOR
store; business of $30 per day: trial before
purchasing. Apply HEALY" A CO., 23 Kearny st.
ft 190 GROCERY, BAKERY AND VA-
«"*"" J- * riety store; kept by present owner 6
years: rooms: bargain. HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny.
ft 's Ml v "" '"■ COAL. HAY 7 AND FEED
*JP«JUW. business for sale; 30 stalls, 3 horses.
wagons; cheap at $600. IIKALY CO., 23 Kearny.
ft 4 0 SALOON WITH 4 ROOMS; RENT
HP xuu. $30; good business location; kept by
owner last (s years; good chance for man and wife
WILKE A WOLF. 631 California.
ft 1 000 LIVERY BOARDING STA^
•"JPAV/VM.*". ble: partner wanted: large first-class,
business; clears $200 to $275 per month; positive
proof or no sale; owns 15 good livery horses: a full
equipment of carriages, hacks, buggies, etc.; 20
regular boarders: this business Is actually cheap
at $1500, but the proprietor finds too much to do,
needs help and will sacrifice to secure good reli-
able man for the office work, collecting, look after
help, etc; investiga this. GEO. STEWART, 602
Market St., Crocker building, downstairs.
ft 1 *yOO SAMPLE-ROOM IN VERY CHOIC-
•Mr 101/ O. est location: first-class trade; rent
$60: owner has to leave at once for Dakota. Call
WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
WANTED- PARTNER TO open BAR and
"» cigar-stand in connection with restaurant
just opened on a transfer corner of 4* car lines
Apply 3200 California St., NW. cor. Central aye.
GOOD BAKERY~CHEAP; USING iy a BBLS.
daily; horse; wagon. Apply this offlce.
AKERY AND CONFECTIONERY"; DOING
ilea business: rent cheap. Apply this office.
ft 9 Ml" BRANCH BAKERY, GROCERY.
• v — « "17 ions and dairy produce. Inquire at
348 Fifth sU "
•5517^0 LOON; KEPT BY PRESENT
HP 1 I iJU. owner 7 years; rent $60: mint for
the right man. 15. L., box 49, Call Offlce.
AN WITH $120 WISHES TO BUY SOME
small paying business or interest in same- trial
necessary. Address 217 Third st., room 29.
ARTNER WANTED IN SALOON " AT 657
Mission st. '.'/v.-'.
MERICAN HOTEL FOR SALE OR FOR
rent: all furnished: 21 rooms; Castroville
Monterey County. Call on owner for 3 days at 29
Minna st.
AY ING BAKERY AND STATIONERY. 836
Valencia s t.
ft 1 P.O A SNAP; MUST BE SOLD; BRANCH
tip A cm. bakery, notions, candies; good trade-
fine location; good living-rooms. Apply 110 Sixth
ORNER SALOON FOR SALE; A BARGAIN
KJ if sold to-day. 865 Bryant st.
IrtOß SALE - GROCERY AND BAR CHEAP
Apply 721 Polk st.
PERFECTION WINDOW SCREENS; TERRl-
tonal rights for sale; absolutely most perfect
window screens ever made; patented ii 1894-
-cheaper and more durable than ordinary screens*
can betaken apart and removed in a minute and
a hundred of them stored in your trunk; be sure
to see them before you buy elsewhere; drop us a
postal and we will call and show them to you. E
SHANNON. 304 Montgomery st. * . ■ ,* y : -7?.
WANTED - PAYING BRANCH BAKERY
»i and notion store near school; no agents \v
box 1, Call office. ■«-• w.,
OOD CHANCE FOR WOODWORKER TO
hT, n£ 75, CalTofflce 1 . Bmall CaPUal - Addre3B G *
A BARGAIN: WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
liquor house; $3500. Address A. V., box 12<£
"J-JEGARDLESS OF COST. FINE RESTART-
A- rant; location very good. Apply 303 1/2 Third.
/•IOOD PAYING BAKERY AND VARIETY
8t0 3 166Vl l s V s 1 i n on-s?° MS! must be Sg^
"rHE EXPRESS, PUBLISHED AT WINTERS*
A J 010 County, is offered for sale " a reason able
S?tf?^ tt GROCERY AND BAR
WeVterriAdri i,! V,ng " r0Oln8: full value in stock;
Vi kk*^'''i: Partners don't agree; bargain
_iil„*^i*^Z_^*liJ^ al iforntas:.
"OABERY AND CONFECTIONERY: BPLEN-'
offic°e PPOrtUnlty - AUdresB Beehive. box 91,
\V"h viu i i 1 '? AYIN -? CORNER SALOON AT A
and b a a t tery : st_ ntloW - InqUire SE ' cor Valle -°
■ R^TAUKANf FIXTURES FOR KALE;'
Air finely fitted up; a sacrifice. Apply junction
and transfer point, Thirtieth st.and San Jose aye
A LOON ON MARKET ST.; GOOD PAYING
iT„ w 3lne , ss: must sell on account of death: this
iaa bargain. Apply 1806 Market st. ,■.■*.■''
(t^a o^?^-***!^* 3 -* 11 ' TRANSFER corner.
V Apply this offlce; no agents.
CIGAR-STORE; GOOD LOCATION MUST
sell on account other business. Inquire 36 Eddy.
:. . .'■'■: . ■ ■ •
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
"VrOTICE-PARTIES WISHING TO BUY, SELL
i.l or exchange lodging-houses, or any other busi-
ness, try JOHNSON A CO., 2Qi/ 3 Kearny su
<J_\>oO PARTNER IN LIGHT BUSINESS!
"pZiJU. established over 10 years; guaranteed
to clear 420 weekly to each. 261-2 Kearny st.
ffijOXn COALYARD, HORSES. WAGONS,
<Jp._JC>U. building, stock, etc.; 5 years' ground
lease;rent $6 monthly, -investigate. 26% Kearny st.
An--Yk CIGAR-STAND OB KEARNY ST.;
Hp±t*J\J . good trade; stock and fixtures; value In
sight: bargain. JOHNSTON. 26'/ Kearny st.
'B-^^O A No. 1 RESTAURANT; 810 BAR-
"Putlu. gain; very central: receipts 1530 daily;
low rent. JOHNSTON A CO.. 26 2 Kearny st. ,
GROCERY AND SALOON; MUST RESOLD;
a bargain. Call 332 Main st. .
DAIRY, DOING GOOD BUSINESS, FOR
sale: make offer. JOSEPH, 707 Market st.
•WELL ESTABLISHED BAKERY, DELL
VV ency and confectionery store; all cash tiade
from large rooming-house and surrounding vicin-
ity: fine chance ior 2 ladies: ereat d mana for
' borne cooking; sold cheap If taken before May L
Call and investigate, 1004 Polk sU, near Geary. ,
GOOD BUSINESS FOR SALE FOR $150;
r downtown. Call 722 Howard st.
HEERFUL DINING-ROOM TO RENT;NICE-
Iy furnished: boarders-fine location. 203 Taylor
Q.-QAA GOOD PAYING BUSINESS; PAYS
el; OUU. $60 permonth. Call room 18, Crocker
building.
1" 7-OR SALE-A LIQUOR-STORE WITH LIV-
' ing-rooms; cheap. Apply Call Office.
ly AKERY AND CANDY: 2 LIVING. FUR.
At nished rooms; bargain; retiring. 1243 Mission.
A LBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,
7x- NE. cor. Everett St., for sale.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A A -ROOM LODGING-HOUSE.
-"T: PRICE $700— WORTH $2000 .
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 750
45 rooms on Market st 2500
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
ROOMS, NICELY FURNISHED; NEAR
OU Baldwin; $1200. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
OTIC 1-3- 100 LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE
■-> from $150 to $5000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
C_"l OKI 7 ROOMS AND BATH, NORTH~6p
HPA.£O. Market; new furniture. HEGARTY,
1004 Market st.
1" pURNISHED COUNTRY HOTEL FOR
- rent; list lodging-houses; bargains ; 10 to 100
rooms: property exchanged. E. EITEL, 906
Market.
00 ROOMS: WELL FURNISHED; GOOD LO-
-O cation; cheap rent. Grocery, 40 Sixth su
7*-./, WILL BUY 20-ROOMED HOUSE:
t_) I OU clearing about $100 per month; reasons
given for disposal; must be cash; none but prin-
cipals apply. C. 8., box 58, Call Oflice.
ANTED-GOOD TENANT FOR 110-ROO M.
house, with elevator. SPECK A CO., 60'J
Market st. ■
~<29AA ROOMING-HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS
tJ_.*JU. nd bath. 128% Ninth st.
HOUSE OF 22 ROOMS; PRICE, 8650. 1235
Market st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
F'^^Tre'sale - ! ~~~~~-~~~-^ -
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets .............$lB s*l
Bed lounges .- 8 00
Stoves ." 7 50
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, .peryard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sis. J.
NOONAN.
OR SALE — FURNITURE OF 8 SUNNY
-T rooms and bath; rooms all rented; cheap for
cash. Address F. F., box 44, Call.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-"
• ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
AHO CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS. $11*
■^rv/U stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-.ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4in.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW %7i
yx Red lounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid .- 45c up
'English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shales in s colors ...,250 ip
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market su, opposite
•'rant avenue: no branch stores.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED — BECON^bSXND FintNITURE
1 1 for country : pay good price. 7 City Hall aye.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
BEFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FUR NT*
* ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
Mayer buys YOUR furniture,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market; tel. Jessie 76L
CALL ON J. C- MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
' you want highest cash price for your furniture-,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
A MALONE PAYS 20 PER IEN MORES
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. '" I r,,tr '> -:.
—————— _—_—_——. — _— ■ mmmmmmmmmmmm —_■ — — -i
CARPET CLEANING.
WHEN* YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
ii poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
CON KLIN'S CARPET 1 i ATING WORKS. 838
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ONES CO. CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 B'h.
REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
\JT Ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. 'Juan r.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEA NIN< i". Re. > i < \-
Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South *_5a
BEAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT*
ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.oaice 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
/"I ARPETS CLEANED, 3c PER YARD; KE-
\J laid. 6c per yard. S. STRATTON, 19 Eighth.
Cl A PET'S CLEANED AND RENOVATED
' like new. FERGUSON it CO.. 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
JMcQI'EKN *S CARPET BEATING ANDREN*
. ovatlng works. 45:t Stevenson: tel. south 228.
I
77 y MORSES.
FINE EXPRESS-WAGON TEAM: COM-
plete; 1 3-spring business buggy, good as new.
At SHAW'S, 1621 Market st. ""'" «• "*"w.
"j BAY' MARE, 5 YEARS OLD, AND CART 7 "
A 2 sets harness, whip, etc. ; suitable for butcher
or paper carrier: very cheap. Can be seen any
time after 1 P. M..37 Ferric St., nr. Point Lobos aye.
OR SALE CHEAP FOR CASH— I BROWN
carriage team of geldings; 6 years old: sound
and kind: 16 hands high: just in from the country.
Apply PAYNE JEWETT, 1010 Broadway, Oak-
land.
T~ HREE-CAN MILK WAGON. HORSE AND
harness, top buggy. 1620 Mission st.
HOBS AND EXPRESS WAGON CHEAP.
also large hand truck, $5. 859 Mission st.
WANTED— BOARD OF HORSE IN A FlRST-
class livery stable in exchange for a high-
grade piano. Address Piano, box 124, this office.
YOUNG HORSE; WILL DRIY'E SINGLE OB
A double: cheap. 935 Shotwell st.
40 HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS?
AW buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth su; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 00 BETS SECOND-HAND~HARNESS; AH.
x "' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
also 20 cheau horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIBCQ<
lar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
T*' YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR EXT
.1? "_, an ge horses - buggies, wagons or harness yoa
will find It to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
stable, cor. Geary and Leavenworth sts.: auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
1 -"SO SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND lI A
xuvj ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
TAR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUB-
XJ eon for S. F. Police Departmenu Office and
hospital. 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
C i WFFrfv^T IX AMERICA-THB
Cr,i,!r-"; CALL, sent to any address in the
l nited states or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
WANTED.
WANTED - SADDLETTORSEsT^POnTe^.
.*' donkeys, carts and buckboards in exchange
for good mining stock, real estate or board at a
nSfrS, SUI " 1 1 1 r re ? - Address Summer Resort,
call Office. Oakland.
WAGON'S AND CARRIAGES.
GROCERY WAGON WITH COVER AND
VJ harness: must be sold. 311 Franklin st.
"PINETRAP; *_■ LOW PHAETONS: 3 OPEN
U a r^.- ; . 3 „ . °P>- to surreys; a extension top
an C d k v:i" > ncla 2 a ts. OSCanS; 1 Cttrr >- ,OUr * ™?™
I~ OR SALE-HORSE, PHAETON ('ART HAR-
tate De or 'St**™* i' < ° hCa^ ; '» «s*flW jS ft?
tate or piano. Address P. L,, box 134. this offlc-e.
STORAGE. -
J QWEST RATES^FuRI?IfIS3{E PlYS^i.
I _^goods, etc. J. M. PierceiVsS Market!
T.rSVc«l U ra,l Y *i, 7! - a MIS SION-STORAGE AT
-■■ .redute<l rates: basement storage.sl 50 per load
A.&wmL 1 , U fin. URN V I CO.. 132 ELLIS;
■TA. low rates: fire-proof building: Eastern plan.
£ Snn7 U 1 NI ' 1 : URE * PIANOS, ETC.
kJ It- !■■ OSBORN A CO.; 751 and 753 Market su
A PPLY FOR KATES FOR STORING FURNI-
A ture. etc. SHIRKK A shmm- ■ i. . .17 M ... :.■ •;.
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION
C^^^W^BTOM>INO ABB LOa H A&
Gene^i U 2", office 2a2 ---ausome St., S. F.
Olivp^-M l i J; 1 S an business. Ed. E. Hill. Pres.;
Oliver -adridge, V-Pr. ; w. Corbin, Sec. & Gen-Man.HOUSES TO LET. J
»Q 3 ROOMS IN GOOD OKDKit." LOWER
(JpO. part of house 305 First St.. above Folsom.
"J rqA CLAY", NEAR LARKIN— HOUSE OF 6
A«)OVJ rooms and batb.
OUSE TO LET-1707 JONES ST., NEAR
Broadway: 4 snnny rooms: rent $14.
PPR ECIA TED IF SEKN-S_!9*V_ SUTTER,
near Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
<&A& SUNNY RESIDENCE*. SOUTHEAST
<? AO. cor. Taylor and Broadway; 10 rooms and
bath: flne view. Apply fl*.'9 Broadway. ■
rpo LET— A THOROUGHLY RENOVATED 9-
x room house: modern plumbing; porcelain bath-
tub: Hied sink. Apply at premises, 2620 Sacra-
tnento St., between 8 a. m. and 5 p.m.'
©Oft HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH; MODERN*
V"U< 1723 Clay st., near Van Ness aye.
HOUSE 7 BOOMS AND BATH: 8434 SEV-
enteenth st.. near Valencia; rent $18.
fpo LET— HOUSE OS* FIVE ROOMS. AROSE
A aye., near Market st. ■.££&&
1" -LEGANT SUNNY HOUSE: 8" *_***;
i large basement; reasonable. 816 McAllister.
HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS ; TALL * MODERN ~lM-
proveraents. 1218 Treat aye., opp. Garfield
square.
HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS, WITH ALL MODERN
improvements. 733 Turk st.
Q4 £_ 1731 BROADWAY, NR. GOUGH ST.—
'- ~A*J. llouse;8 rooms, with every convenience
In hot air furnace and marine view.
TO LET —AN ELEGANT NEW MODERN
house: 9 rooms, bath and finished bust-meat;
3419 Jackson si.: marine view: rent reasonable.
WILL E. FISHER <_ CO.. 14 Post St.
AIT E RENT MANY" HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN A HAM-
>'"NII JO Montgomery st. • • - '
FURNISHED HOUSES.
UPPER OR LOWER PLAT, FURNISHED
complete for housekeeping. 10(i Devisadero.
COTTAGES TO LET.
2_7 COTT^(rE*TN~^fE^M7^]ON~: FOUR
0 <• rooms; two blocks from cars. 360 Jessie st.
Ali Crt SUNNY, COZY COTTAGE FOUR
ius 1 "T.Ol'. rooms; bath, garden; near park.
2716 McAllisterst.
(1 TEHAMA— COTTAGE 6 SUNNY ROOMS;
« ' large yard t.rent moderate. . ". *>:•:>. .'■;.-:
Q AND 5 ROOMS: CHEAP. APPLY' 2643 BR
«> ant. near Twenty-fourth.
COTTAGE: 4 ROOM B AND SHOP TO LET;
ISO.** Kills st. Inquire 1221 Laguna st.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE ROOMS*
improvements. ■ 16 Guy place, off First St., bet.
Folsom and Harrison.
LAT; 1913 MCALLISTER ST.; 5 ROOMS
-T and bath: rent $16. :• v *,
L-'LAT: 4 ROOMS AND BATH; 3138 SIX-
-T teenth st., near Guerrero: rent reduced.
"1 01 Q MCALLISTER— FLAT OF 7 ROOMS:
lUIO modern improvements; yard; rent 825.
99 SIXTH— 9 ROOMS; BATH* 1 OR 2
*-<-* families: separate kitchens and yards;
folding doors; mantel: rent reasonable.
•Sill f^f. LOWER SUNNY FLAT; 3 BOOMS.
0A U . . bath, yard. 1008 Natoma st., near
Eleventh. ■.: .•--
QQA UPPER FLAT, 8 LARGE SUNNY
O"'-'* rooms ana bath. 625~<_ Larkin st.
©99 UPPER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5
*—-— ■ « rooms and bath. 633 Natoma st.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS. 13
Hampton place, between Second aud Third sis.
QIC LOVELY FLAT; 5 ROOMS; BATH*
•Jilt', gas. 814 Nineteenth, near Sanchez;
water Iree.
AND 6 ROOMS: BATH; 811.812. $13; ELEC-
tric lines. 4585 a, 4587, 4591 a Eighteenth.
99"! LIBERTY ST., BET. TWENTIETH AND
— —J- Twenty-first— 5 large rooms, bath:
new- gas fixtures: large basement; back and front
flower garden ; all same as new: rent only $15.
HOWARD COURT, N"C~f6uRTH— UPPER
floor 5 sunny rooms, 814; lower 4 rooms, 813.
a*. ft AND UP* NICE CLEAN FLATS FOR
CO good tenants. SPECK A CO.. 602 Market.
LOOK AT THESE COZY' SUNNY UPPER
flats': 5 rooms and bath: marine view; 2 and 8
Hanover place, off Sacramento st., below Mason ;
key corner Mason.
SUNNY FLAT; 3 ROOM*: MODERN IM-
provements; also stable. 1915 O'Farrell st. •
I TPPER PART OF 2-STORY FLAT. 133 LILY
J aye., gey 136 Page st.
17-LAT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS; 610 NATOMA ST.;
1 812.
Q9fl NEW DOUBLE BAY - WINDOW
»_ —"• flats, modern, 6 rooms and bath. 15
Henry St., near Sanchez.
Q_*|-r: UPPER DOUBLE BAY - WINDOW
HpXO % flat. 5 rooms and bath. 747 Seventeenth
St., near Sanchez.
ANCHEZ, 544, NEAR NINETEENTH (FLAT
B)— 4 rooms; bath; sunny; decorated; modern.
ODERN FLAT: 7 ROOMS, BATH. 1135
Geary St., bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
Oft A LILY AYE.— FOUR ROOMS AND BATH;
.«->Ut rent 814. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
L~PPER FLAT, 3 BOOMS, 810. 29 RINGOLD
St., near Folsom and Ninth.
DESIRABLE SUNNY COR. FLAT; 6ROOMS;
latest improvements. 1541 Eddy.
-Q1 Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
ClO. teenth st., above Valencia.
QQAND $12 — 2 4-ROOM FLATS; LARGE
«3**o yard. 1123 Vallejo st.
"I CA7 franklin"rt.-sunn*s flat of 5
X OKJ I rooms and bath.
CIENTRALLY LOCATED; 4 AND 5 BEAUTI-
\J ful sunny rooms; .913 50 up. 1515 % Mission
st., near Eleventh.
"I "I QQ HOWARD — NICE SUNNY A-ROOM
A A. OO flat; large yard; cbeap rent.
FOUR-ROOM FLAT; RENT S 9. 319 DORE ST.,
near Bryant.
*1' REST; A BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5
-©AOrooms. 262 Clara st.
OWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
aide of street: rent $9 a month. 416 Ringold
st., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
4 -ROOM MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLAT;
yard. 315 Lombard su
1 -^07 STEINER, NEAR SUTTER-LOWER
LOU I flat, 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
79f?l MCALLISTER — FLAT: 6 ROOMS;
1 — iUj} modern improvements; rent reduced.
QO I HARRISON, NEAR SIXTH — NEW
OOA flat; 6 rooms; all improvements: cheap.
Q-IQ CONVENIENT 7-ROOM FLAT; NO
«4pAO. dark rooms; batb. closets and elevator;
at 846 Union St., Oakland. See KGKNIG A
KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
2 ELEGANT FLATS; 6 KOOMS: ALL LATEST
Improvements. 10 and 141 Grove.nr. City Hall.
MODERN SUNNY UPPER 4-ROOM FLAT
1694 Page St., cor. Clayton, Golden Gale Park.
WANTED— GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
»» flats: special terms; 10 up. SPECK <_ CO.,
602 Market St. > -Tc * -
W~E RENT MANY* FLATS BECAUSE WE
treat people right. BALDWIN A HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
EBSTER 207-209-SUNNY FLATS, 6 AND
7 rooms; rant $25, $27 50.
NEW FLATS, SEVENTHST., BE-
XJ low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 10 $16.
• HOUSEKEEPING ROOAIS. ''
Bryant Street.
* AOf\ BRYANT — ONE OR TWO FUNNY,
*AO*U nicely furnished rooms complete for house-
keeping.
Buchanan Street.
"I A "1 7 BUCHANAN-TWO OR 3 SUNNY UN.
AVA I furnished rms. and bath for housekeeping.
Bash Street.
I_."|Q BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE; PLEASANT
iTlUliome: private family; reasonable ; refnes.
California Street.
9KQI CALIFORNIA-THREE ELEGANTLY
-Wl furnished rooms and bath for housekeep-
ing; cheap. i
Clay Street.
1 £97 CLAY, NEAR POLK-2 OR 3 FUR-
-I -KJid I nished housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
' 1 Udy Street.
Q*l 7 EDDY— UNFURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
OXi ing rooms; good location: private family.
Ellis Street.
7Af» ELLIS— SUNNY PARLOR FLOOB OF 3
* KJKJ rooms; nicely furnished for housekeeping,
Fillmore Street.
Q» "I A 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUBEKEEP-
V x\j. lug rooms. ____*g__i Fillmore st., nr. Clay.
Folsom street.
-Sriß 01 SOM - 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
001-* for housekeeping; range, hot and cold water.
fifi 3 £°j' s O-tf-UARGE SUNNY" FURNISHED
IwusVkeTpin^"' : k ltCbcn "* iolaia «' y^d ; complete
K7O '"'' '. M _ ST — NICELY FURNISHED
< I rooms for bous 1 «eplng, double and siugle;
reasonable. B *
• •eary Stieec.
91 li GKA:RY - LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
.CL * g rooms; rent $7: key at 217. *."-""
i>uide;> tiate Avenue.
Q^ft 0 , 1 - 01 GATE AYE— 4 SUNNY NEW.
OOP ly furnished housekeeping rooms; bath?""
O/IQ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — SUNNY
QUO housekeeping rooms; rent $15.
Hai-ht Street.' 1 ; - ;
9 A HAIGHT ST.-NICSLY FURNISHED
_-, J front alcove suit complete for housekeeping-
gss, bath; $15. "*
Harriet Street. '"
9Q HARRIET- FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
«-o housekeeping.
HOUSEKEEPING KOC^IS - Continued*.
Howard Street. . '.-''^7^
*--£". 1 HOWARD — FURNISHED AND UN.
OOlf. furnished room for housekeeping; first
floor, upstairs: cheap.
17 HOWARD — 2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY
I *±o front rooms; nicely furnished; housekeep-
ing; private. v__
OASI HOW A D — FURNISH HOUSE-
( ' '>'£ keeping rooms. , -
1 .-lII' H'JWARD-2 FRONT~ROOMS; BAY-
I TIUO window; gas; complete for light house-
keeping: rent reasonable: private family. '
I Qn9~HGW A RD— FOUR SUNNY KOOMS;
A O KJ+j rent cheap. 77: ■•'■: ■'■""*
li yd e Street. ■ ; .33.3.3"333
QOA HYDE, BET. EDDY AND ELLIS— 4
O^U sunny front rooms, furnished, housekeepg.
Jessie Street.
";*;a JESSIE- A FLOOR OF 3 NICE BOOMS;
0«J17 yard, cellar; rent 812.
Larkin Street.
1 (\i\l\ LARKIN-PARLOR FLOOR: 3 SUNNY
IWO furnished connecting rooms lor house-
keeping; 8-2 60: gas. ■
McAllister Street.
C9l MCALLISTER-TWO HOUSEKEEPING
OZiX rooms, front and back: very reasonable.
Minna s-trcet.
Cirt MINNA- FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
o*3to housekeepin?; large yard.
t\vo"nicb ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
(JO. housekeeping; lar^e sunny yard. 639
Minna st., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
Mission Street.
CC#7 MISSION-2 LARGE SUNNY HOUSE-
-00 I keeping rooms furnished complete; stove
and sink in kitchen. '
o:q MISSION - large SUNNY fur-
-000 nished housekeeping front rooms; cheap;
also single, $5. j -_j .
QiC MISSION -2 LA! * SUNNY WELL-
«7iO furnished rooms; complete for housekeep-
ing. .
"I n.),*)' MISSION-1 OR 2 IJVRGE BOOMS;
i___ furnished for light housekeeping. -.
Ninth Street.
OA NINTH, NEAR MARKET - FRONT
— U housekeeping, from 2to 4 rooms: suites;
single: stove; gas*, rent $12 up.
01 NINTH-LARGE BAY-WINDOW FUR-
-il nished room for housekeeping: single rooms.
1 Ofil NINTH - FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
XIXJz and slncle rooms from $1 to $10-
O'Farrell Street.
-AQ O'FARRELL ST. - 3 UNFURNISHED
I KJO rooms tor housekeeping; 87. Call evening.
Folk Street.
Q97 POLK, COR. O'FARRELL-2 BEAUTI-
0.- I ful front rooms: en suite or single.
Second Street.
-i-ir SECOND - LARGE UNFURNISHED
XXO room forhousekeepingon Minna St.; cheap.
Seventh. Street.
"I Qf» SEVENTH— 2 LARGE FRONT HOUSE-
JLoU keeping rooms, with veranda and yard.
HO SEVENTH-SUNNY FRONT SUITES;
A"A^ also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Sixth Sireet.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
Stockton Street.
i-17 STOCKTON - 2 CONVENIENT FUR-
II I nished housekeeping rooms; single; $5;
sunny. '
-i QOA STOCKTON-2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
1 O^U complete for housekeeping; cheap.
Taylor Street.
-1 (\r\ TAYLOR-SUNNY PARLORS; HOUSE-
XKJ J keeping, If desired: double room, $8.
Third Street.
QQ * THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOx keeping rooms; water free; rent $6 and $7.
Thirteenth Street.
m THIRTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD —
Two unfurnished rooms; housekeeping; $6.
Van Ness Avenue.
71 II VAN NESS— FRONT PARLOR SUITE |
i X\f complete for housekeeping. $25: also single.
ROOMS TO LET.
Clementina Street.
A n-l CLEMENTINA— UNFURNISHED BOOM
"iUA for housekeeping.
Eddy Place.
f*lQ EDDY— LARGE. SUNNY. NICELY FUR-
U At/ nished room: rent reasonable.
,-. -.3. 3.:.3: I mini- -street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2R BTH
0 St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
EIGHTH— SUITE OF 2 NICELY FUR-
O nlshed rooms: gas. running wa er. grates,
corner bay-window, sun all day; 88 50 per week.
Eleventh Streeet.
TO LET— LARGE , FRONT ROOM, ALSO
small room; furnished or unfurnished. 11l
Eleventh st. . ; • : - .. v* ;.
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator: hot & cold water.
A 9Q ELLIS — PARLCTR~~SUif E~^ITABLE
J-"—«J for doctor or family: also single room.
Fifth Street.
"I /-»7 FIFTH -PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR
XKJ I nished rooms.
. lolsom Street.
7Q"*: FOLSOM-85MONTH; SINGLE SUNNY
• OO furnished front room.
1 fU-9 FOLSOM - SUNNY BAY - WINDOW
X\J~X£. rooms for lor 2; bath; also housekeeping.
Geary Street.
9*l Q GEARY"— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
—I . ) able for business. Key 217.
A «EARY -FRONT DOURLE ROOM*
TOO nicely furnished; running water: closets.
£9"*-. GEARY-LARGE FRONT ROOM FOR
kj^jO or 2 gentlemen; private family: refer-
ence.
qiHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS-
X handsomely furnished suites and single rooms
also suitable apartments for physician. 1101
Geary st., cor. Van Ness aye.
Golden Gate Avenue.
09/-, GOLDEN GATE AYE.-LARGE SUNNY
OX.V alcove; 2 gents or couple; $20; also single,
$8 UP. - . il .-•;-
Grove Street.
1 of-.0 f -. 080-STS-NICELY FURNIBHED LARGE
AVO front rooms: 87 60 and 88.
*%1 IV ? NICE CONNECTING ROOMS WITH
HP x \J. folding-doors furnished for housekeeping:
gas and bath : good cooking-stove. 354 Grove St.,
0 blocks from City Hall; private residence.
Howard street.
74-7 HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I T: I double and single; cheap.
1 9^.4 HOWARD - LARGE SUNNY BAY^
xawx window room for one or two: single
rooms cheap. ' ■" " "
Hyde Street.
fi2.^ 5?" DE - N FRONT ROOM; ALSO
K3i.O other rooms; gas and bath.
Jessie street.
01 9 JESSIE ST. -"NEATLY FURNISHED
Ol^i rooms; mith or without kitchen. TZTzj"
•J ones Street.
207 **ON T ES-THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
Zri\. management; elegant snnny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to S8(».
i->e»rny street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KKARNY-PLEAS-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect : terms reasonable.
7777 Market Street.
YOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET- PER
x night, 35c to $1 ; week, $1 50 to $5 : families.
Mason Street.
C-l "I LARGE SUNNY ROOM, BATH,
oxa gas; single room private family.
Minna street.
f\{\7 MINNA, CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
KJ\J I furnished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
Mint. Avenue. •
5 MINT AYE — SINGLE AND DOUBLE
sunny suites; $1 up.)
Mission Mtreet.
"L^UROPE HOUSE. 1169 MISSION-NICELY
XJ furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
. Tost street. 3
7 AA POST, NW. COB. JONES — LARGE
'"•'"sunny alcove, suitable for one or two gen-
tlemen, .r. ■ '■> ; ■-.-*:'
1 owell Street.
99Q POWELL - SMALL SUNNY ROOM,
_*_•_> for gentlemen: $10. . .... -' .^-- • ■■ '- -
QflCiA POWELL ST., NEAR BUSH, RIGHT IN
UUU town— Large, sunny front room suitable for
lor 2 gentlemen. , • ■-■'• •■■'.•" - ' £.
1* Shotwell Street. 3
91 7 SHOT WELL-HUN NY, FURNISHED
AX I room; double bed: gas: bath reasonable.
Stevenson Street.
19*- STEVENSON. NR. FIFTH— 4 ELEGA NT
/i*-0 large rooms; yard; basement; first floor. :
' , ..-■■ -:,.*, -.». , VS '- •" '-■ '.' * .. . '-■'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET-Continued.
i Stockton Street. , 3 .
1 Sl 4 STOCKTON— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
f-ux~x single; en suite ; also doctor's office ; cheap.
sutler street.
709 SUTTER-2 FINE FURNISHED ROOMS;
1 '->a no children; rent 816.
OIHE ALEXANDRIA, 781 SUTTER— ELE-
■I gant rooms; first-class dining-room: elevator. 5
I 1 j "I 8U T TER -NICELY FURNISHED
able - 1 rooms; single or en suite; terms reason-
Taylor Street. -
49 ?A? L ° -NEWLY FURNISHED
-»- j-*s trout rooms; sunny; rent reasonable.
Third street.
•"•"AT INCH ESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
«JL. "7^ ii ™°*" convenient and respectable: 200
Jff'**'"" -* 1 60 per night ; -"l 50 10 $13 per week;
electric lights m every room; , reading r"m 1 tree bus-
Turk Street.
11 fi 1 ? 7 A UTIF -- SUNNY SUITE;
1 w e d W o*p.mnai: hGd; single; with convenien-
ces; board optional,
3- ■ .Webster Street.
TlliS-m? B^*-?"^" 3 L **- R *' E HAND-
bath. 8 un,lsn,?d for housekeeping;
UNFURN 1 SHEfT OMS. ~~~
635 J ESSIE, BET.*SEVENTTn3?DTfGHTH
i .Jt) -;; unfurnished rooms and bath.
KOAROING AND ROOMS.
927
iL"t . ,?" ites and sln - c rooms; flne board. MRS.
71 0 f'KARY-nAXmoME FRONT ALCOVE
o. „i „ , su,t with cx *_?L l *2P* home table, suitable for
2; also large rooms for 2 gents; very reasonable.
QQK POST NR. lIYDE-NICKLY FURNISHD
UOO large front room; good board; 1 or i! gents.
842 -«>"s*->l->iICELY FURNISHED SUN*-
v -*^-* ny room with board; reasonable.
rpWENTIETH. 3625. BET. VALENCIA \N*D
. ''"errero— Alcove front, or smaller room with
board: first class; private family.
'-.1 9 ? DDY (HEATII)-HUNNY BAY-WIN*
•J A -J dow rooms, suitable for gentlemen- very
reasonable; board; references. '
994 JURK-FURNISHED ROOMS. WITH
_--.^t board; private family.
"VTICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
A*« passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; 92, $*2 50, S3 per week and up; s*B to
it SO mo. Hackmeler's Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG. Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
XJ week, 16 a month, at Hackmeier a HoteL
HACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG pro^
prletor: board and room .$5 and $« a week and up.
HOTEL BERTLINO. 714 RUSH-A FAMILY
hotel; references given and required; all mod-
em convenience*.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ..3
WANTED— TO BOABD CHILD~BETWEEPr6
V * n( J. 9 >' ears of , age ' girl preferred: good home
with reliable people in country town. Apply for
few days at 411 i.ougb st. ,
"VTICE HOME FOR ONE CHILD; NO OTHER
A*l children. 1623 Mission st., dye works.
ANTED- A LITT ! _ TO BOARD*
" terms reasonable; fine home. Address A c'
SCHLEY, Haywards, Cal.
UTA-NTED-l OR 2 CHUDREN TO BOARD;
" good home. 10131^ Valencia st. ■__
STORES TO LET. ~~ ~
©I = LARGE STORE AND 4 ROOMS. AP-
QlO. ply 1433 Valencia st.
9 STORES AND BASEMENT; ADAPTED TO
*- piano business; SE. cor. Leavenworth and Ellis
Bis.; to let. JOHN A. SCHMIDT, 425 Ellis st.
"VTW. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE-STORE
A** and 8 rooms, suitable for rir.igstore.
OFFICES TO LET.
pALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
V i Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
Q PiiECKKLS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
k_ Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-lleht*
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
nr',. H. UMBSEN A- CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
STABLES TO LET.
I? EAC TIFUL LARGE STABLE; 2414 CAIT
I > fornia st. ; rent cheap. Apply room 28, Chron-
lcle building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
SHERMAN, CLAY A CO., STEINWAY UEP-
O resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all crades and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented; - Kearny and Sutter.
AGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO; BEAU-
tlful tone and case; must be -sold at once be-
cause of unfortunate conditions. 809 Market at.,
room 10. >•-■
TEINWAY; FINE ORDER; SACRIFICED.
O 809 Market St.. room 21.
BEFORE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS.', BUSH
A Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post St. E
Q>- INSTALLMENTS WILL BUY"XbRAND*
'3 • i .i ■-.-. Upright oak piano. 221 Leavenworth.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED FOR
Stelnway upright; perfect. 13i9 Folsom st.~
FINE STEINWAY PIANO SACRIFICED AT
r once by party forced to sell. See It at room
10. 809 Market st.
hUY' A NEW PIANO, $200: SECOND-HAND
uprights, $150. At MAUVAIS', 760 Market st.
A SHAW, 9575: STEINWAY. $215; SQUARE,
XL 525; rented 82 up. HEINE, 138 Ellis st.
DECKER BROS.. STEINWAY, FISCHER AND
other hrsKlass makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER A
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell at. •
I""ASY TERMS; LUW PRICES. KOHLER - *
. CHASE. ■ - .
icj')- EASTERN UPRIGHT 3-STKINGED
0100. Weber; $330. BRUENN, 228 Post st.
0* "I 9 **_ UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDl-
*_!—•>. Hon; cash or installments. 100 Mc-
Allister st.
_ PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
i£)O0. lti McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank.
LL YOU WANT Is VALUE FOR YOUR
money ; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five-
bar autobarp 84; a seventeen Inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the Drize-winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, 547 5.0;
elegant new uprigbl pianos ln any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187: one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market St., Spreck-
el's building. ,-
RRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
grade T. L Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st. .-•■..:■■
YUM. O. BADGER, 28 O'FARRELL, ROOM 1,
'» first floor; sole agents Hallet & Davis Pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments. ■ - •
C ONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW:
great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st. ,
G HICKERINO, KNABE, STECK.VOBE, STER-
ling pianos; see our new piano for 8187: pianos
for rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A BON, ltf O'Farreit.
<2- 1 HP. CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
HP A I O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Nes^.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMEB,
Newby-A Evans, Brlggs nnd other pianos, *
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD A NEW
O H. Ml. LLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR D CENTS — THlt
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. -
MEDICAL.
"a LL CASES OF I -REGULARITIES RE-
J\- stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in con flue regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladles, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest . improved method of treatment:
nerer falls: perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects ; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately*, prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. a MRS.
DAY IKS, 1* McAllister su, next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
~T"NEW~"pBbCKSS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
jt\. ment or worthless pills U3ed; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles.no maiter
from what cause:, restores always in one day: •
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
D~ RfAGOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge: separate
home for patients; - best skill; medical attend-
nce: low tees; regulator, $2. ; 1370 Market Sw;--:
J ADIES— DAUDET'S FEMALE BEGULA-
J ting pills; strongest, safest, best; never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts., sole agents. !
QURECURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
0 from whatever, cause; a home In confinement
with I every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 22« Turk st. . ,
HS. DR. WEGENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation; pills 82. 419 Eddy st. •*.
IF IRREOULAROR ANY FEMALE DISEASE. I
1 don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254y 2 4th.
I ADIES — GERMACIDE CAPSULES : PRE-
- vents, safe, sure; pills no longer required;
81 60 per box. G. &P. Co., 1031 Market st., S. F.
"I ADIEa CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
J J 21tt Powell st. ; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
I *|X, HAIL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
JL/;Jones. _ Diseases of women and children.
.HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1410 Eighth st..Alamcda.
A LPEAU'S -- FRENCH PILLS-A , BOON TO •
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; §2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, CaL v '
-. w :.-- :.■ ■.--' -.:'. • -" ■ ••■ ■-■■■.?:■-■■ ■-...-
CITY REAL ESTATE. \
BUSINESS CORNERS" ~~~ ~"
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION
AT SACRIFICE PRICKS.
$6250— cor. Sutter and Baker sts.; 42:3 x
87:6 feet; present improvements— lo-room house
—could be remodeled into flats and store; would
pay big. :' *- ;- '__!__'• ~. ' '• •* ' *
$6000— SW cor. Hollis and O'Farrell sts.; 90 feet
on O'Farrell by 50 feet; fine site for stores and
fiats: reduced from .$7000: must be sold. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.',
' ■■ ■ -"' , 638 Market st.
BIG VALUE. _ ~~ ■** ' : -*-- -- ■-. -
MODERN RESIDENCE. ,33
AT A SACRIFICE.
$3300— A 2-story house, nearly new, of 9 rooms
and bath, on Union st.. near Baker; lot 27x150
feet; this property cost over $5000; reduced for
immediate sale on account of departure of owner'
easy terms. EASTON, ELDRIDGE _. CO..
. ■*■ .■:-.■■• 638 Market st.
"VTEW COTTAGES. ~~ '■ ■■ . - •
IV ■■ '' 3, JUST FINISHED.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$3000— Cosy cottage of 5 rooms, bath, attic and
basement, 0.1 2d aye., nr. California st.; lot 25x
120 ft. ; easy terms.
$3000— Modern cottage of 6 rooms, porcelain
bath and all the latest conveniences, on Noe st.,
nr. 22d: key; lot 25x105 ft.; one block from Cas-
tro-st. cable: easy terms.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE A CO.,
- . 638 Market st.
IN V EST M *
' "WELL-IMPROVED
INCOME-PAYING PROPERTIES.
$10,500— A pair of handsome modern flats of 8
rooms and bath each, substantially built, nearly
new. ou a corner facing the Park Panhandle; al-
ways rented. * '.*.* ':.- -.v. ■ • .-
- $13,500— Throe modern flats of 5, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath on Grove St., nr. Franklin, and four flats
on rear street (Ivy aye.): lot 27:6x120 ft.; pays
nearly 10 per cent per annum: always rented.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <_ CO.,
/ 638 Market st.
"Vf I SSI ON HOMES. - r~~ "*
**l .-..:; 810 VALUES
IN CHOICE PROPERTIES.
$4500— Substantial house of 8 rooms and bath;
on. the N. side of loth st., half a block north of
Market; lot 30x115 leet; s.ableon premises; flue
place for teamster; reduced from $5500.
$3500— A handsome modern residence and bath;
on 20th St.. nr. Castro: only 4 years old ; in good
condition; grand panoramic view of the city and
bny;.the improvements cost over $4250 and lot
$lb00; ill health the cause of owner sacrificing.
-.".-'. ;.t_«i EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
. ■ 638 Market st.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE. "
'». FINE PROPERTY.
AT BEDROCK PRICES.
$10.000— A handsome residence of 10 rooms,
bath and conservatory: on California St., nr. Van
Ness aye.; lot 26x137:6 feet; recently reduced.
$7000— Modern house of 8 rooms ana bath : sub-
stantially built; on the N. side of Page st., nr. Fill-
more; a fine lot 36x137:6 feet;" this property
cost owner over $10,000. . .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
: 638 Market st.
T OTS, lots, LOTS, LOTS, LOTS
$4200— nr. Sco;t; 30:6x184. '
$3000— Cor. Dolores and Liberty: -.8x92.
*270i>— 25th St., nr. Noe; 80x114.
$2250— Ashbury, nr. Fell; 26x106:3.*
$*. 250— 25th and Castro; 25x80.
$2100— Clayton, nr. Page; 25x106:3.
$2000— 28;' have., nr. A: 140x120.
$1560— 215t aye., nr. Church: 50:11x114.
$1200— 25 th aye., nr. A: 75x120.
$1000— Mississippi, nr. Yolo: 106:5x100.
$900— 25 th St., nr. Noe; 26:8x114.
3V; :.-.«^ EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
. 638 Market st.
I _fA LOTS
XtK} SOLD IN THE PAST
FOUR MONTHS
In the Castro-st. Addition: speaks well for the
property and the prices, does it not? If you will co
and see the property, we think you will buy a lot
also, for you cannot help but be favorably im-
pressed with the property.
LOIS $350 TO $400. ."
TERMS $5 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
The streets are all graded, sewered and macada-
mized ; title perfect.
Take the Querrero-st. electric cars to-day (Mis-
sion or Valencia transfer at 14: st.) and "ride to
Chenery and Castro sis.; agent on the ground to
show property. •
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
v - 10 Montgomery st.
TTOW'S THIS FOR A BARGAIN?
$250 each: line building lots; 25x114 each;
finely situated ; only 3 blocks from Castro-st. cable
cars $5 don and $5 a month.
You can't afford 10 invest in outside districts
w htjh Inside lots can be bought at such low figures.
♦. JACOB UEYMAN,
5 Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
TIf^NEY
llX.t LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
> AT LOWEST MARKET
KATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY' THE
. CALIFORNIA -"
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OFFICE. MILLS BUILDING,
v. v L. R. ELLERT, Vice-President.
W. COR. FOLSOM, AND 21ST STS.;-95x90
ft.; will subdivide;. cheap for cash; also SW.
26th and Treat ay.; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
fl_ 1 PER WEEK: FRUITVALE TERMINAL
HP A. tract: lots $100. McCART V CO., 616 Mkt.
AfARKET-STREET PROPERTY]
- READY FOR BUILDING.
CORNER 75x80.
- . . . . NEAR VALENCIA... :'3';;r
Rare chance for Investors to buy below the mar-
ket value. Save commission and time. Address
1010 leaven worth st.
S 1 OAA COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS: LOT 50x135:
tjP-L OKJKJ. in Berkeley, near station: payments
easy. - '•-•■:■..:
Cottage; S rooms: lot 75x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; , 100x100; $15
monthly.
$200— Lot 25x135: $10 down: $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
C*Ol\ PER LOT, 25x100; SAN BRUNO ROAD:
»"fp._U 6V2 miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. R. it. shore line will cross tract, make It busi-
ness property: 15 minutes distant; some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $1. A.
WHEELER, 331 Montgomery St., room 10.
VJ ODERN 2-STORY* DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
J»I 'bath, basement and attic, built for $2600;
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY. 1149 Mission
~~ EDUCATIONAL.
RlJ^ELVlTLlfnsir^^
Sutter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty : vocal Shakspearean
classes; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p.m.; $1 per month. <
iiRENCH, GERMAN. SPANISH: LEARN TO
-T speak sp'c'l $2. Flood building.
A I FRFTNCHTe TC7i ProfTDE FILIPPK'S
Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1871.
"VroiCE-BUiLDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
> ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st. *
SPANISH AND ITALIAN LANGUAGES
taught. MISS GONSALES, 120*/ a Geary, r. 15.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
V RES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery at.; individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
OOKKPNG, WRITNG. ARITHMTC, GRAMR.
I ' day A night; no classes; $5 month. 825 Mission.
uiTAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons: $3 ma MARY WEBTHAUS.39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian. 3 lessons w. : $3 m. Maze bid, r.37.
OOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY,
better than In any college on earth; 6 wks: no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Mkt,
ACADEMY OF DANCING. MISSES HUDDY;
private and class. 6a Hyde: terms moderate.
SPANISH. FRENCH, HERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
BELA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0.t. block. 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-..
chanical engineering, surveying, architecture, '
assay; estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
EALD'SBUSfNESS COLLEGE, £4 POST 81.
Bookkeeping, > business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue. t_3
V I_HT»CHOOL;IIEALD*SBCS. «JOLLEi'K,_I
•li Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low ra*e»
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; RE A-
Bopsble. PBOF. FRANCIS. 1046yfe Valencia,
/CHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING*
V* ham's School, cor. Gearv and Powell sts.
— ATTORN EYS-AT-LAW^
D\*lCEFiniE^)lVoßt^^
alty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, 1 collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended ta G. W. HOWE, l_tt__-at-law. 850 Market.
*\f\ J. -NOLEN,; ATTORNEY'- 3 719
IVI . Market st. ; advice free. ,y ,-,•;,•
T: J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
. law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14. 15.
\V" - DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY'- A MAW, 420
' »f . California St.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
■""■ 3, PROPOSALS. ~
ROPOSALS.. FOR A 1 SING AND EN-
larging a school building, for heating and
I ventilating a school building, for building a
concrete bulkhead and for * constructing water
closets.— proposals will ; be received by the
Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francis ..-o. ou WEDNESDAY, May 13, 1896,
at 8:30 o'clock m., tor raising and enlarging the
Bernal Heights Primary School building, for beat-
ing and ventilating said building; for reconstruct-
ing a concrete, bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli-
tan Grammar School. , and . constructing water
closets at the Columbia Grammar and Harrison
Primary., schools, in accordance with plans and
specifications (and conditions named therein) at
the offlce of CHARLES I. HAVENS, architect of
the board, room 65, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets.- The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. " .GE jRGE BE AN STON, Secretary.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
QA ACRES CHOICE AND "HIGHLY IM-
KJKJ proved land: -Santa Cruz County: 25 acres
vineyard, 25 acres orchard; fine bouse and barns;
choice location: will exchange for large house, San
Rafael or near city. .
AwO ACRES FINELY LOCATED LAND
:rOO near Menlo Park, San Mateo County; will
sell at the low figure of $27 50 peracre: grand
chance for an investment near the university.
1 Ofi ACRES OK MORE OF NO. 1 LAND IN
-LUU Alameda County at $15 per acre.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO..
Room 29, second floor, Mills building, 8. F.
.T""OR SALE— I6O ACRE-. OF FINE LAND;
P grain and vineyard; 2 hours' ride from city and
close to thriving town. Further particulars S., box
6, this office.
O - LET— A RANCH IN REDWOOD CITY
foothills. Apply at 419 Castro St. .
(n»"| "">AA $500 DOWN; 100-ACRE RANCH;
HpX OKJKJ. well fenced; farmhouse, barn and
orchard.
$1650— 50-acre ranch in Scotts Valley, Lake
County; 30 acres in alfalfa; house and running
water. .- ..- . .
$550—160 acres; 100 level: house, barn and run-
ning water. CHAS. COLTON, 906 Market st.
ESTABLISHED 16 YEARS
N. D. SICKELS
• ::,-;*,. THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions) : most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America,
620 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
L-O*ft~~SALE OR EXCHANGE— 6O ACRES
P. good level land ; good for wine grapes; several
wineries close by; two hours by rail from city.
Further particulars address M., box 19. this office.
OGAND C<iW FARM, 80 ACRES; $15 PER
acre; till level; oak timber; half mile from
station. 1911 McAllister st.
<8_ J*"."*". A A COTTAGE OF 7 ROOMS AND
OOKJKJ. bath, corner lot 113x135, 2 blocks
from depot ; 8 acres garden land In Ross Valley,
orchard and running stream, old Improvements,
$3000. Address J. TUNSTEAD, iran Rafael.
ACRES-HAY WARD-: IMPROVED; WILL
exchange; $5500. PHIL BRICK, 2648F0150m.
Y ALU ABLE " CONTRA , COSTA COUNTY
lands for sale on easy terms.
('AAA ACRES; RANCHO BOCA DE LA CAN-
KJKJKJKJ ada del Pinole; 12 miles east of Berkeley,
near narrow-gauge railroad.
1 '-3f. it ACRES OF CHOICE LEVEL _AND
A Owl/ adjoining San Pablo railroad depot and
bordering on the bay of San Francisco.
Qi I A ACRES CHOICE VINEYARD LAND
•Joo adjoining the famous vineyards of the
Mount Diablo and Glen Terry wine companies at
Clayton, Cal.
Also 2 tracts of 665 acres each within 3 miles of
the Pinole railroad station. Apply to the owner,
- SIMON BLUM, Martinez.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER & ITT ON. San Jose.
CJ-Q AN ACRE; 320 ACRES, HOUSE, FENCES,
*JDO fertile soil, living water, plenty of wood;
crops never fall; good for stock, grain, fruit, poul-
try, etc.; terms easy: no snow; no chills. M. A.
GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cottonwood, Shasta
County. Cal. ...
ABIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
irom San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts ent any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $76 ocr acre; terms inada
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY. 64
end 65 Chronicle building. .
LIT l HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM*
proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
with small bouse, etc. I). H. TWING, Sonoma
City, Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
RANCHES TO LET.
DELIGHTFULLY SITUATED COUNTRY
bouse, with outhouses, garden and pasturage;
only $12; use of cow, horses, poultry, etc., if de-
sired, by arrangement. WRIGHT, box 6, Call.
CHICKEN RANCH; LARGE HOUSE, WITH
bath, hot and cold water fruit trees: 10 acres
of pasturage. Address M. RYAN. So noma City.
~~ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
Q,*;n AAA MORTfI-AOE $16 000; " 1920
HijOKJ.KJKJKJ. acres, Placer County; improved
stock ranch; exchange for city property.
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
■C A VACANT LOTS, PRICES I'KOJI "
OKJ $150 t0..... $4,000
20 houses and lots, from 1250 to 10,000
6C ranches: all sizes: fromsloCio 30,000
20 houses; Oakland, Alameda: $1000 t0... 8,000
100 business places; a!! kinds; from $50 to 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels: from $200 to 3,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? .
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE : .
All kinds of property ■ .
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Marke'- St., opp. Fifth.
FIVE-EIGHTHS-ACRE CITY PROPERTY;
Santa Ana; exchange for Oakland or San Fran-
cisco; value $1000. Address 1010 Leavenworth.
"LOB SAIiE OR EXCHANGE— ON LINE OF
P San Joaquin Valley Railroad: 2 miles from
town 011 scu'hern Paciiic: 640 acres good farming
land: school on place. Address Owner, 303 Clay st.
A LOTS IN THE MISSION Fop. SALE CHEAP*
1 or in exchange for rooming-house or business.
Apply 111 Liberty St.
O EXCHANGE FOR GOOD CITY PROP-
erty— 3o acres at Vacaviiie: all bearing in the
oest kinds of fruit; rents for $1500 per annum.
Address T. F., 434 Tenth St.. city.
OR SALE OR TRADE— FOUR CHOICELY
located lots in Berkeley within four blocks of
Dwight \v ay Station. Apply PIiILBRICK, 2548
Folsom st.
1 9RO ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
I flOl/ water: •Hneforcatlle-riMsing. N..bx.16.Ca1l
MONEY TO LOAN.
filThf** AAA TO LO AN ON^LII^'INSUR^
HP A.KJK.T .KJKJKJ ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. ■ - _ . - ■
BIG CAPITAL IN TRUST AT~6 PER CENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19,Ca1l Office.
ADVANCE ON LIFE INSURANCE. LEOA-
cies, pianos; lowest rates. 215 Sansome, rm 5.
OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
-. diamonds; confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
ORTGAGES, LOANS ON COLLATERA tS:
low rates. Sylvain saioman A C 0. ,328 Montgy
"} ST A 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
Atates-.lowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
A DVANCESON DIAMONDS.Jf* ETC
Jr\ Columbia Loan A- Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
lj oney loaned on jewelry* AND
1»J other valuables at the Security Loan Oflica.
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PTANOT
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Markets*..
PAWNBROKERS.
A T~l2ft KETItN V ST?^o^^3_Mr)Nß y
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pn-.
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal j cheap.
FINANCIAL.
A^?KBOOIcS^i % WANT^ME^
»> of banks In liquidation, for cash. J., box 81,
Call Office. ■■ ' ■
FOR SALE— 2 SECOND MORTGAGES: FACE
value $2150: first-class security ; at a discount.
Address M. J., box 57, Call. - ■- ■
MONEY WANTED. '- ' ' :: '
*Ur- ANTKD — TO BORROW $300 ON UNQUEB-
-•» » tionable secnrltvj will pay big interest. Ad-
dress HICKOK A CO., 87** i.. Market st. *
■7 FOR SALE -MISCELLANEOUS. '■' •
C.7AA KNABE •■■PIANO WILL -BE' SOLD
-«Jp lUU for $195. Apply immediately, UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. y ■
COLTS, REMINGTON. PARKER AND 2 FINE
Y^ hammerless shotsuns for one-third their value
at UN- LE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye. ■ .■
<J*_-r/\rv CHICKS; 10c EACH; BATCHED BY
tJpOUU Schule's self-regulating hot-water incu-
bator: best in the world. 1213 Valencia st. : '
ATEW WHITE SEWING-MACHINE: VERY
IA latest; 5 drawers: oak; $30 • 1559 Market st.
IriRESH FAMILY' COW. FOR SALE. 305
X Thirteenth st. . ...
1 ENTERPRISE COFFEE MILL, No. 12, NEW;,
li 28-Inch sheet-iron roaster; 1 counter scale.
717 Howard St. - .'• ■-■•."-' *' " ' :*
(j*-j ||"" WHITE TAILOR SEWING MACHINE.
tJpXU. perfect coudition. 1723 Mason st., car-
penter shop. ■
CAC AND $1. 50c AND $1.
OKJ PROF. C. LEON, 1007 Market, near Sixth.
Wonderful power; advice on business, love, m ar-
riage, divorce, etc; tells of friends and enemies;
letters with stamp answered; 9 to 8, also Sunday.'
m, I. 1 DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE:
01... drop leaf: drawer attachments. 1915
Mission st., near Fifteenth. :
*: -HORSE-POWER ENGINE AND BOILER,
O rock-breaker and blower. W.. 404 Third St.
IRE-PROOF SAFE WITH BURGLAR
chest; cheap.- D.N. HAWI.EY, 318 Market.
B OILERS, ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY,
waterpipes. , Mcintosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
ture bought at the faetorv saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
USE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
bitters in market: buy your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: .free delivery city, Oak-
land. Alameda. S PUTZMAN A SCHURMANN,
prop., 841 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391. |
•jUILDING.-> i BOUGHT; j LUMBER, SASHES*
1) doors, mantels, etc* far sale. 1166 Mission. ..
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
. fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st*. J
I? IRE {AND BURGLAR -.SAFE, '.'.LETTER.
P. press, platform scales and desktcheap. 102 Clay.
ATEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
A\ hand. ■ W. S. RAY Mfg Ca. 12 California st. ■
CHU'NTKKS, SHELVING. SHOWCASES
" bought and sold 1131 Vk Market beu 7th and fen '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ATTENTION tBUILDE RS — PARTIES DE-
slring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at "once: special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans aud
speculations furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. * . -
FOR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST-PAYINGv
produce businesses on the coast; an opportunity
of your life: call at once. T. K. ANDERSON, 463
Ninth St., Oakland.
ENGINE BARGAIN — LOT 80xl50\ ON
Webster St., near Fourteenth, with improve-
ments: no reasonable offer refused. For full par-
ticulars apply immediately 8., box 7, Call Office,
Oakland. ■- ■
C{"| [jfIfICASH WILL BUY A BEAUTIFUL
iJPAVi'Lf'U cottage of 6 rooms and bath; largelot;
ln the prettiest spot in East Oakland. For bar-
gains in Oakland and Fruitvale properly see E.
HILL, 3* Donohoe building, B. F.
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS OX INST A
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tloh; 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
gas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion; - 
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
fl_ ft " FURNI TI'I'.K 4RO OMS. H. SCBELL.
HP 00. HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland. * •■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
c> 9^n7\^6niiooji^7wraAG
iS>JjOKJK.T. and §25 per month.
$2750— 5-room cottage; $250 cash and $25 per
month..
$3000— 6-room house; $200 cash and $25 per
month.
If we have nothing on hand to suit you will
build to order on easy terms. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARDCO.. 1364 Park St., Alameda.
"fit f.4-7lfl EQUITY. IN SPLENDID ALAMEDA
HpKT^AKJKJ. city residence property (2 houses) to
exchange for good unincumbered farming lands;
Alameda or Santa Clara counties preferred. Ad-
dress with particulars Farmer, room 8, floor 8,
Mills building, S. F. • . - •
<Dj"| 7-nf. MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
«J5 1 I OU. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
$3600 — NE. cor.: new; Brooms and bath: open
plumbing, etc.; $260 cash. $30 a month. No. 788.
$•'loo— sloo cash, $25 a month: line 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house; 8 rooms; must be
sold: S5OO cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— snap: $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40xlOU. No 762.
$3500— New modern '/-story; 7 rooms and batb;
$250 cash. $30 per month. So. 682. -> •
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. F. MOREAL A CO., 1432 Park St., Alameda.
"VTEW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
-li rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 36x1 40; rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: parlor enam-
eled In old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els ln doors; plate glass throughout; beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room; plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
_sure it you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
a. M. GRAY, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
RARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
At easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and **-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$150 cash: balance on easy mouthlv payments to
suit. Address A. R. . DEN XX, real estate, archi-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh st., Alameda.
-. I 00 TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY; NEW
HP A U v 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc : with large
lot; $2400 to $3000; send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
lark st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OOdT HOMES FOR RENT OR -FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MA A CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley. -
FOR HALE— LARGE LOT IN BERKELEY;
115x300 feet.
NE. corner on Brush St.; lot 75x110.
25-foot lot on San Pablo aye. ; 50 feet on Tele-
graph aye.; I have been Instructed to sell these de-
sirable properties cheap for cash: no reasonable
offer refused. .' pplv at once to •',
A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway, Oakland.
OS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND IN-
sorance agent. Berkeley station.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
To let— in be^^eleyTneaFcottage:
4 rooms and bath, pantry and closets, stable,
chicken house: lot 50x135; cheap rent. Inquire
C. C. CARTER, 41 Main st.
LEGAL NOTICES. ~
BY^lvi-jTB^ORDER^OF
--* th- Board of Directors -of the San Francisco
and - an Joaquin Valley Railway Company that a
meeting of the stockholders of said company has
been called by said board, to be held on TUES-
DAY, the 16th day of June, 1896, at 3 o'clock In
He afternoon, at the principal place of business of
said company, at the building where the said
Board of Directors usually meets, namely, at the
otlice of said company, No. 321 Market street, in
the city ana county of San Francisco, in the State
of California; that the object of said meeting Is to
consider and act upon the proposition that said
company create a bonded indebtedness of six mil-
lion dollars ($6,000,000) In gold coin of the United
States, for the purpose of raising money to com-
plete the construction and. equipment of the rail-
road of this corporation from the city and county
of san Francisco to the town of Bakersfield, in the
county of Kern, state of California, and to pur-
chase and pay for any other property within the
purposes of said company, and to secure the
bonded Indebtedness so proposed to be created by
a mortgage or trust deed upon the railroad and
railroad lines and other property of said company
now owned or hereafter to be acquired by said
company. ...
By order of the Board of Directors of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
pany.
[Corporate seal.] ALEXANDER MACKIE,
Secretary the San • Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company. •
"VfOTICE OF SALE OF PERSONAL PROP-
i-i erty— Administrator's Notice - Is hereby
piven that, in pursuance of an order of the Supe-
rior Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, made on the 2*.d day of
April, 1896, in the matter of the estate of JAMES
P. KERR, deceased, the undersigned, administra-
tor of the estate of said deceased, will sell at public
auction to the highest bidder for cash, gob] coin
of the United States, on THURSDAY, the 30th
day of April. 1896, at 12 o'clock M., at the office of
"The Breeder and Sportsman," 313 Bush street, in
said City and County, the following personal
property, to .wit: . . ... ■./
■The Breeder and Sportsman," paper published
in the City and County of San Francisco, and all
of the property, consisting of the book accounts,
goodwill and equipments, consisting of type, gal-
leys, . imposing stones, furniture, library, etc.,
necessary to Its publication find used therein.
Also one stallion called "Memo"; a bay mare by
"Memo." dam by '-Speculation"; a chestnut geld-
ing by "Sydney," dam by "Speculation," and on*
high- wheeled sulky.
Dated April 22, 1896.
F. W. KELLEY, Administrator of the Estateof
JAMES F. KERR, deceased. *
GARRET W. McENERNEY, Attorney for Ad-
minstrator. ■
TRUSTEES* SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the term? and under the authority of a certain
Deed of Trust, duly executed by BENJAMIN B.
PIERCE, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELLand THADDEUSB. KENT. Trustees,
partlesof the second part, and the SAN FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party *of the third
part, dated March 14th. 1891, and recorded in the
oflice of the County Recorder of the County of San
Luis Obispo, state of California, in Liber 10 of
Trust Deeds, at pages 50 and following: and In
pursuance of a resolution passed on the 19th day of
March, 1896, by the Beard of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 10,725), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid Deed of Trust
whs executed, declaring that default had been
made in the payment of the prino'pal sum and
other sums, due under Bald note and Deed of*
Trust, and requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said Indebtedness ■
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT. Trustees, do hereby give notice that oil
TUESDAY, the sth day of May, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO., No.
638 Market street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at pub-
lic auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, all those pieces or parcels
of land situate In the County of San Luis nblspo,
State of California, described as follows, to wit: <
: According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
; In township twenty-five (25) south, range thir-
teen (13) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
■Of section twenty-five (_£) the south half of the
north half (S. %of "*. i^j) and the south half of
the south half (S. V of S. %) :
• I Of section twenty-seven (*_7) the southeast quar-
ter (sK. 14). •■, .... :,....,.■-. _ ..
' . Containing In all four hundred and eighty (480)
acres of land, more or less, together with the ap-
purtenances.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash ;in . gold coin of the
.United States; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall lof the hammer, balance on de-
.livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days | being allowed | for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. ■ * Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, 1 „„„., „.
* THADDEUS B. KENT, *. Trustees.
jj3 -3: ■-• >•_'_ PHYSICIANS. 'A . '
iBMOVED^DR. C." CV O'D-ON^ELIT TO " 1206
V/ Market st. diseases of woman a specialty.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN -AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. ■
--7 '-.'.ly SEWING MACHINES. .33 .~~
IMPROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER SEWING
X machine, with all attachments; $15. 2437 Mis-
sion st., near Twenty-first.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
__. rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
'.y ■.-■■::■..:■■■■ .■ '...-::.•.., '.■ ■..,.-....-.•...... .-■.-> ■•'..■; •,.-•,■.•■•
3 '_ _ _. LOST.
LOST— A DIAMOND SUNDAY
evening, April 26, from Geary and Taylor sta.
to Columbia Theater; suitable reward. Call at the
Original Creamerie, 865 Market st. ■ i 7.
LOST - GOLD BROOCH CRESCENT; . 7
rhinestones; small star. Return 82"/ a Pages..;
reware. . ''£g"Sj&_K
IF THE PARTY WHO TOOK CANE WITH
name W. R. Stover fron 116 Eddy st. will
return it he will receive $5; no questions.
AjjOC FOR RETURN OF FOX-TERRIER DOG;
HP SO no questions asked; 409 1 /-. Post st. " *
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBER-
nia Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco,
In the name of THOMAS PARREL or to H. C.
FREF'SE, Public Administrator, Chronicle build-
ing. No. 169-1120. The finder will please return-to
bank.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of ("an Francisco, in
the name of MRS. MARY BARRETT, No. 179754.
The finder will please return to bank.
OST-SILVER LINKED BRACELET: RE-
turn to 1368 Market and receive reward.
OST— LADIES' GOLD WATCH IN BLUE
bag. Return 2266 Franklin; reward.
OST— SMALL, LIGHT BROWN DOG, NAME
Chubby; reward. 462 Jessie st.
OST— A PASSBOOK THE HIBERNIA
Savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of HELEN D. DALGLEiSH, No.
188.956. The finder will please return to bank.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
F. a. Severtn and Ida Alberger, 32—29.
G. Ewart and Matilda Crowell. 32—38.
C. H. Breslln and Agnes A. Moran, 26—21.
W. A. McLaughlin and Emma McCann, 21—18.
11. B. Spaulding and E. M. Freiermuth, 26— 2 L
W. P. Fllley and Annie Davis. 23—16.
E. L. Kessing and Jennie A. McClellan. 23—18.
DIVORCE PROCEEDING'S.
Divorces granted: " " " . '
Charles C. Schwehs from Mary Schwebs, for de-
sertion; by Judge Hunt.
Mary E. Conrad from Henry A. Conrad, for de-
sertion; by J cdze Seawell.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
BORN.
ABLEY— In this city. April 17. 1896, to the wife
of Fritz Abley, a son.
KING— In this city, April 27, 1896, to the wife of
Albert King, a son.
PEREGRINE— In this city, April 28, 1896, to ths
wife of Clarence Peregrine, a son.
STRAUSS— In Alameda, April 26, 1896, to the
wife of Nathan Strauss, a son.
YON SCHMIDT— In Alameda, April 25, 1896, to
the wife of Captain Edward A. yon Schmidt,
a son.
MARRIED.
HIRSCH— SCHWEITZER— In this city. April 21,
1896. by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, Moses N.
Hirsch and Carolyn Schwei.zer, both of San
Francisco.
STRAUSS— LEVY— In this city. April 26, 1896, by
the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, Arthur Strauss and
Dena Levy. .
DIED. "
Blaisdell, Joseph F. Leppold, Jacob
Boulla, Giuseppe A Lynch, Walter D, A '
Delap, Thomas Muhlner, P. W.
Heuer, Philip Reid. John W.
Howe, Elizabeth Reilly, James M.
Hyams, George J. 8. Smith, Frank
Johnson, Olga A. Vogel, Hannah
Lamory, L. A. Werner, Barbara
, V#* 'A. Williams, Ellen
BLAISDELL— In this city. April 25, 1896, Joseph
Frank, beloved son of Edwin L. and Mary M.
Blaisdell, and brother of Etta, John and Fred
Blaisdell, a native of Maine, aged 20 years 10
months and 19 days.
!BS"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. it. from the Eigh-
teenth-avenue Presbyterian Church, South San
Francisco, Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BOULLA— In San Rafael, April 25, 1896, Giuseppe
A. Bonlla, a native of Switzerland, aged 69
years. : i-{, ...
DELAP— In this city, April 27, 1896. Thomas
Delap, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
HEUER-In this city, April 26. 1896. Philip,
dearly beloved husband of Doris Heuer. and
father of Etta. George, Philip and Doris Heuer,
Mrs. Frederick E. Willson and Mrs. George W.
Lucy, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 62
years 9 months and 21 days.
3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fuueral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. _* from the family
residence, -_117 Taylor street, thence to Masonic
Temple, where the services will take place at 2
o'clock p. m., under the auspices of Mount
Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. ana A. M. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock p.m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
HOWE— In this city, April 27, 189H, at her resi-
dence, 1270 Stanyan street, Elizabeth Howe,
beloved mother of Robert Howe, and Mrs. J. W.
Gale, a native of Virginia, aged 88 years. [New
York papers please copy.)
ftSTFriends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Wednesday),
at 1:80 o'clock p. m., at the Church of the Ad-
vent. Eleventh street, near Market. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HYAMS— In this city, April 27, 1896, George J. a,
beloved husband of Sarah Hyams, and father of
Mrs. L Rosenthal, Mrs. B. Scharff and Sol,
Henry, Rebacca and Frank Hyams, aged 67
years. V. J- >-3 '  -.%,.
JOHNSON— Oakland, ApriL 26, 1896, Olga
Alida. beloved wife of Martin Johnson, and
daughter of Carl Oscar Erickson, a native of
Sweden, aged 21 years 1 month and 6 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the Lutheran
Church, corner Grove and Sixteenth streets,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
LAMORY— In Oakland. April 26, 1896. . L A.
Lamory, beloved son of Mrs. O. Lamory, and
brother of Mrs. A. Pallies, Mrs. E. P. Kearney
. and . Mrs. A. Fately, a native of Santa Clara,
Cal., aged 25 years 1 month and 2 days.
£*"*** Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a.m.. from the residence
of his brother-la law, Mr. A. Pallies. *2409 Tele-
graph avenue, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock a. m. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. •„'.-.•■-. :.- .-.. VJ .; 
LEPPOLD— In this city, April 27, 1896, Jacob
Leppold, a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
LYNCH-In this city, April 26, 1896, Walter D.
A., beloved son of John and Abbie Lynch, and
brotner of Joseph, Arthur, Mabel, Margaretta !
: and the late John Lynch, a native of San Fran-
. Cisco, aged 19 years 8 months and 20 days.
ft _*" Friends and acquaintances are resuect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from bis late
residence. 26 Silver street, thence to St. Rose's
Church. Brannan street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul at 9 a. if. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. - -.'.,
MUHLNER-In this city, April 25, 1836. F. W.. .
beloved husband of Cornelia jfuhlner, and
father of William. Edward. Louis, Emma. Edith
and thelate Mrs. J. F. Magulrl of New York, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 69 years. A member of
the San Francisco Turn Verein, Pacific Council
No. 8, O. C. F., and Lincoln Post No. 1, G. AR.
[New Haven (Conn.) papers please copy."
HPS*Frlends and acquaintances are - respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late rest- *
dence, 34 Fell street, thence to San Francisco
Turn Verein Hall, where funeral services will be
held at 2 o'clock p. it. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. 3 '7,y.
REID-In this city, April 27, 1898, at his resi-
dence. 809 a Hayes street, John XV.. beloved
husband of Maria Reid, a native of Hillsborough,
County Down, Ireland, aged 60 years 1 month
and 9 days. A member of Mount Moriah Lodge
No. 44, F. and A. M.. Yerba Buena Lodge No.
15, 1. O. O. F.. and Golden Gate Encampment. •
• Kg" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully invited to attend the funeral services '
THURSDAY. April 80, at 2 o'clock P. tt.. .at
Masonic Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, lnterjten*. I. O. O. F. Cemetery. '
REILLY— In this city, April 27, 1893. 'James M.,
beloved brother of William, Thomas, Eugene
and Dolly Reilly. Mrs. John Beard and Mrs.
James Lavin, a native of New York. aged 33
- years and 3 days.
Notice or funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In this . city, April 26. 1896, Frank
. Smith, a native of New York, aged 45 years. --::.
VOGEL— In New York, April 19, 1896. Hannah,
dearly beloved sister of Mm. Augusta Green of
San Francisco and l Phillip and * Marcus Vogel of
- New York. \. : > :■,-■.:/.-•"'«' '
WERNER-In Oakland, April 25, 1896, Bar-,
bara, beloved wife of Alois Werner, and mother
of Richard, Clotilde, Theodore and Henry
Werner, a native of Vienna, Austria, aged 41
years 9 months and 6 days.
SyFrlends and acquaintances are reiner;',-
fully invited to attend- the fnneral services
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 11:15 o'clock a. m.,-
-at the mortuary chapel at I. O. O. F. Cemetery,
' San Francisco. .; <■
WILLIAMS-In thiscitv, Anril 27. 1996, Ellen.
beloved wife of Andrew Williams, and mother of
■ John, James, David, Mamie, Thomas and Jo-
hanna Williams, a native of Memphis, Term.,
. aged 68 years. ,
' UNITED undertakers*
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates:
I Telephone South 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
MCAVOY A CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEB3,
SO rtftb St., Opp. Lincoln School.
- Telephone 3080. 'i
■ 1 i ■ *-
|3_aTM^MTNo_ETr™™™ , ™'"^HATMTMI_NOM_y^
JAMES McMENOAIEV A SON. -
UNDERTAKERS AND E.MBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
■■•■*■ Telephone No. 3364.
JAS. ENGLISH ~~~~' T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
, UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERi*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS, -
19 Van Ness aye., near Market St., San Francis©*
Telephone ho. 156.
. . . ■ - ' y y: ,•-■*• .•■■•"* y.y .
1516
SPRECKELS FORCES
THE MEETING
The Republican Executive
Committee to Meet
To-Morrow.
THINGS LEFT UNDONE.
• ■ * ' ■ ■• 3 ' ;■' - :3'.
An Official Apportionment Will
Be Declared for One
Thing.
THE FAKE CONTEST SICKENS.
Kelly and Mahoney Will Not Noisily
Go on the Temporary Con
vention Roll.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee will meet
in its rooms on California street to-morrow
afternoon.
This meeting will be an important one,
and its being called is due to John D.
Spreckels and his friends in the committee
who constitute a majority. There are va
rious matters of importance which have
for some time demanded a meeting of the
executive committee, but Chairman Corn
wall has until now refused to issue a call
for a meeting, although last Saturday he
called a meeting of the entire State Cen
tral Committee at. Sacramento for the
evening of May 4, the day before the con
vention.
Last week John D. Spreckels made three
calls on Chairman Cornwall with requests
and reasons for a meeting of the executive
committee, but Cornwall was afraid that
a secretary might, be elected in place of
the absent one, Dan Burns, and that an
assistant secretary might be elected in
place of Jake Steppacher of the Kelly-
Mahoney outfit. There are no indications
that such a plan is in view, but the chair
man refused the request for a meeting.
As Mr. Spreckels is vice-chairman of the
executive committee, a meeting called by
him. with the approval of a majority of
the committee, would be a regular and
•proper one. .Mr. Spreckels and his friends
were determined that the meeting should
be held, and the vice-chairman let the
chairman understand that a call would be
issued on Monday by himself if the chair
man still refused to act. Chairman Corn
wall recognized the fact that there
was business of importance which the
executive committee should attend to, but
Chairman Cornwall is one of the relics of
the Burns reeime who is inclined to favor
the Kelly-Manoney Fourth District fake.
He has shown some signs of a disposition
to give these freebooters an opportunity to
gain the political advantage of getting
their delegation on the temporary roll and
putting the regular representatives of the
party in the "-"ourtt. District in the absurd
position of contestants.
This was why Chairman Cornwall with
held the call ; but yesterday, seeing that a
meeting would inevitably be held, he
issued the call for Wednesday afternoon
and admitted that business which must
be attended to before the meeting of the
convention made the meeting necessary.
One of the many things which the State
Central Committee left undone at its hur
ried meeting on February 29 was the offi
cial apportionment of delegates to the
convention. It was ordered that the con
vention should consist of one delegate
from each Assembly district and one in
addition for each 200 votes cast for M. M.
Estee, or a maturity fraction thereof. The
local party authorities have everywhere
figured out for themselves the number of
delegates to elect, but the important offi
cial apportionment of delegates has never
been made. This will be one of the things
to be done to-morrow.
Whether or not any important action
relating to the interests of the party in the
Fourth District will be taken cannot be
foretold, but it is anticipated that there
will be. 3;-3
It became apparent yesterday to those
who did not know it before that Kelly and
Mahoney have about as much prospect of
getting their fake delegation plumped onto
the temporary roll by a friendly commit
tee officer as they have of becoming Presi
dent.
This is the one great play which they
have proclaimed they would be able to
make. There was never any prospect that
the convention, composed of decent Re
publicans who would not, most of them,
touch Martin Kelly with a forty-foot pole,
would shut out the representatives of the
entire party in favor of a set of tools be
longing to Kelly and Mahoney, but these
political gamblers thought they saw a
chance at a long shot. If they could get
a .friendly clerk to put their delegation on
the temporary roll they would take a
chance, like playing their pile on the ace
while beating tom-toms to bring good
luck.
On this flimsy platform they hoisted
their hollow fake and sought to inspire
confidence that they really had a fighting
chance to get a red bladder recognized by
the convention as the Republican party of
the Fourth Congressional District of Cali
fornia. . - 3;3 :
But the flimsy platform has tumbled
and the blown-upfake is collapsing. Mar
tin Kelly and Jerry Mahoney do not con
trol the governing body of the Republican
NEW TO-DAT.
Humors
EVERY humor, whether itching, burning,
__* bleeding, ecaly, crusted, pimply, or blotchy,
whether simple, scrofulous, or hereditary, from
infancy to age, are now speedily cured by .
(uucura
Resolvent
A 8KIN" and. blood purifier of incomparable
xx. purity and curative power. Purely vegeta-
ble, safe, innocent, and palatable. It appeals to
•11, and especially mothers, nurses, and children.
Bold throuehont the world. Price, Cnricnr.A ffic.i
Soap, _sci KKSoLTKjfT. 50e. «nd $l. Pons* Dsuo
AJ»p Cut ii. Co Br., Sole Props.. Botton.
. 08*" How to Cure Stood sad -kin Humor.," Ires, ''y'
party, and they realized yesterday 'that
their scheme was lost, j
The regular delegation, which represents
the vast bulk of the party and all its
decency and strength, and which was
nominat ed and elected by the people
themselves at a primary, which was clean,
just and not boss-run, will go it? the tem
porary roll and vote for temporary chaii
man. '• • 3 '•.:•*.
Then will appear Kelly and Mahoney
with a brass band and the claim, "We are
the Republican party of the Fourth Dis
trict." The result has no uncertainty
about it.
Kelly and Mahoney will oe known as
two discarded bosses, vile of character and
filthy of record, who combined with
Rainey and Buckley to defeat the ■: last
Republican nominee for Governor and
who are now making desperate efforts to
get hold of something in the party which
they can trade, sell and use to boost them
selves into local power. '3/3
-'lt will be well known that it was Kelly
and Mahoney who stirred quietly about
on the evening of the adjournment of the
State Central Committee and cooked np a
tricky scheme to get control of the party
organization in the Fourth District, arid
that a hurriedly called midnight meeting
was held in Jerry Mahoney's rooms, at
which the Kelly-Mahoney Congressional
committee was appointed against the pro
tests of several of the State Central Com
mitteemen who were able to be present at
an hour's notice.
It • will be clearly apparent that this
alleged Congressional committee was
created by the votes of two of the eleven
members of the State Central Committee,
one legitimate proxy and two forged
proxies. One of these proxies, provided
by Martin Kelly, was voted by Mahoney
and the other by Jake Shaen, the Police
Court clerk.
On this, as a starter, rest the legal
claims of the Kelly-Manoney freebooting
outfit. A few days later a majority of the
members of the State Central Committee
met and appointed the regular Congres
sional Committee, which has been recog
nized by the mass of the party, and which
declared for an open primary, referring its
conduct to the County Committee, the
regular and proper local party authority.
Kelly and Mahoney wholly controlled
and bossed their committee. Kelly and
Mahoney named a delegation and got up
a cheap and farcical primary to give it a
further color of regularity. As not 300
votes were cast 7300 votes were added to
the returns to supply a fictitious show of
importance. When they had thus blown
up their fake they began to shout, spread
absurd stories of offers of compromise,
put forth bold claims and make other
desperate att empts to force recognition.
As this Kelly and Mahoney delegation
represents nobody but Martin Kelly and
a scattering few of their old political asso
ciates, and has no soul or purpose beyond
the low ambitions of corrupt politicians
who are out in the cold, the issue of its
contest with the mass of the local Repub
lican party becomes no uncertainty. ,333
With the temporary roll trick lost Kelly
and Mahoney have left little but the
brass band.
Tom O'Brien . the Police Court clerk, i 3
still loyal to Kelly and Mahoney, and ex
pects to make the chief speech for his
masters at Sacramento. It is this oppor
tunity which mainly salves the sore spot
made a day or two ago by the assessment
of $50 made against his municipal salary
to help pay for the band.
Many Republican politicians are wonder
ing what Estee will do to Martin Kelly at
Sacramento and whether a threat he made
just after the last election has leaked its
grim purpose all away.
"If that Martin Kelly ever
shows his head in State politics again,"
Estee is reported as having declared, "I'll
hang a full length picture of him in the
convention hall with 'traitor' over it."
As Martin Kelly gave California a Dem
ocratic administration by openly turning
the south-of-Market power he possessed
then against Estee. there are some people
who wonder if Kelly hasn't some "gall" to
spare.
The regular Fourth District delegation is
organizing by Assembly districts, each
district electing a chairman. The Thirty
fourth District is one of those which have
organized, and George W. Elder has been
made the chairman.
SALVATIONISTS LOYAL.
Amid Intense: Enthusiasm . They Fire
a Volley for General Booth.
An Officers' and Soldiers' Council of the
Salvation Army was held last night at
Congress Hall, 1139 Market street. There
were about 1000 members present, and the
meeting was strictly private.
Emma Booth-Tucker, the new Com
mander of the Salvation Army forces in
the United States, was in charge of the as
sembly. The staff officers of the Pacific
Coast Division were all present.
The letters that passed between Balling
ton Booth and wife on one side and Gen
eral Booth and Chief of Staff Bramwell
Booth on the other in the late controversy
were read.
The members were then asked to express
by vote whether they believed that the
General and the Chief of Staff had acted
properly in their treatment of Ballington,
and they unanimously voted that they
had. ..- >: .■;3'-33";.. V 3 3
"Then," said Brigadier Keppell, "those
who intend to remain loyal to General
Booth and the world-wide , Salvation
Army, fire a volley !" 3:3
Amid intense excitement, and without a
dissenting voice, volley after volley was
fireo for General Booth and the flag.
It was voted that a message be sent to
General Booth and Booth-Tucker affirm
ing their loyalty. '.:■ '■-', -'-"
GOOD EOADS OP PEANOE.
Government Keeps Up a Perfect System
. of Care Year in and Out.
A traveler is especially struck with the
fine roads of France, of which the people
are justly proud. The Government keeps
up a perfect system of care and inspection,
and wherever one goes he may be sure : of
finding the principal roads* in. excellent
order. They are often bordered with trees
for miles, and are in a perfect state for
bicycle riders. .3. :
All the underbrush, small twigs and
even the lower branches of the trees have
been cut for firewood; and not a twig is
wasted. All are gathered and tied up in
bundles, ready for use. Every foot of
ground is cultivated, or so it seems to
strangers. There are mountains and bar
ren places wbere nothing will grow, but
every bit of ground that can produce any
thing is matie to do so. The winter is so
mild south of the Loire that vegetables are
flourishing in the gardens •at all times.
Tnere are, of course, certain seasons for
the different one«, except the haricots
verts (strintt beans) and the dwarf radishes.
These are always in season, and the quan
tities eaten in France must be enormous.
The fields are not generally separated by
fences or hedges. The dividing line is,
however, clearly shown by the sort of
grain growing in. them. As most of the
farmers keep sheep, the absence of fences
necessitates the shepherd or shepherdess.
. Wherever one sees a small j number ■of
sheep there is also to be seen a guardian
with them. 3 Alas! it is not the beautiful
shepherdess of the poets ';■ and painters. I
suspect sbe never existed, except in the
fertile brain of these artists.
In reality, the shepherdess is often an old
woman, who leads her flock from one spot
to another,' tranquilly knitting a stocking
while her sheep nibble the grass.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1896.
HAS DESERTED HER IDOLS
History of Sister Mary, the Chi
nese Salvation Army
Lassie.
TALKS TO HER COUNTRYMEN.
Lived at Santa Rosa and a Negress
First Led Her Into a Chris
tian Church.
Less than a year ago Sister Mary was an
idolater— a worshiper of false gods, and
graven images— and knew nothing of the
"peace that passeth understanding."
To-day she is one of the most devoted of
the followers of the banner of the Salva-
tion Army, and absent-minded indeed is
Mary if she fails to ask anxiously regard
ing your soul when you enter into con
versation with her.
Sister Mary — her Chinese name is buried
with the past— conducted a little store at
Santa Rosa that had been left her by her
husband and at which the Orientals of the
town traded. Many of these sought her
hand, but in vain, for Mary had had quite
enough of life as the slave of a Chinese
master, and something else weighed too
SISTER MARY, THE CHINESE SALVATION ARMY LASSIE.
heavily on her mind to permit a place for
thoughts of matrimony.
To her, as to the ancient Athenians, had
come the story of the unknown God, and
she longed to know more of this divinity
to whom her white neighbors bowed in
reverence and to whom temples were built
on every hand. Mary knew few white
women to whom she could confide her
longings, but she did know a devout
negress, and to this coal-black daughter of
Ham she unbosomed herself, and was
taken to a Christian church. Her simple
brain— used to worship by many pros
trations and burning of incense and read
ing of prayer-sticks— at first failed to grasp
the spirit of Christianity, but when it did
she was fired with a desire to aid the
world. '.•'•.'■• "77. -. .. ' ' .3;
Weekly devotions were not enough for
her and she sought for a more zealous
form of worship. In the Salvation Army
she found her ideal, and thus it was that
she joined its ranks, became a full-fledged
soldier and nightly labors in the slums of
Chinatown, , striving to bring benighted
heathen into the fold.
Some time ago, when Corps No. 11 of the
army was assigned to Chinatown and took
up quarters at 815 Sacramento street, Mary
was ordered to take her station there, and
her exhortations have brought many Chi
nese who have paused through curiosity to
watch the little band of workers holding
their prayer service on the corners of the
dark and ill-smelling alleys to attend the
meetings at the barracks and listen to the
prayers of the Chinese male converts, on
whom the army mainly relies for Chinese
recruits. • 3:3 3
"NO PUBLIC INTEREST."
The Cause of the Failure to
Advance Rates to Chicago
So Declared.
Mr. Stubbs Deigns to Answer in
Writing a Few Questions on This
Important Matter.
What is just now greatly worrying the
merchants and . shipping people of the
country is the 3 uncertainty attending
the freight rate situation, which was cre
ated by the adjournment of the executive
committee of the Transcontinental Traffic
Association at Chicago last week, after
deciding to postpone indefinitely, on
the new advanced rates reported.
That this course was the result of a seri
ous disagreement between one or more of
the roads interested no one doubts, but
the most profound secrecy is maintained in
reference to the parties responsible for the
rupture and its cause. - ' *
In the Examiner of yesterday appeared
what purported *to be a solution of : the
mystery. This stated that the hitch arose
from differences between Traffic Manager
J. C. Stubbs of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and President Simmons of the Pan
ama Railroad ; Company . and that there
was to be another meeting of the execu
tive committee of the Transcontinental
Traffic Association in this City on May 13*
to again consider tbe matter.
J. C. Stubbs returned Sunday night but
absolutely declinec to discuss the cause of
the trouble at Chicago and no other rail
road man 3of this City was present. In
consequence the story as published in the
Examiner was generally discredited in
railroad and mercantile circles. .
. ' Mr.' Stubbs was still * too busy yesterday
to devote any of his time to the newspaper
men, .so a few written questions. pertain
ing to this matter, which i* of such great
importance to shippers every where in the
United States, were submitted to him by a
representative of The Call. They were
as follows: j .3 3;-;-.- '■:'■
"Is there to be a meeting of the Trans
continental Traffic Board Association in
this City May 13? , -
"If not, when and where will it meet?
. "Is it true, as alleged by the Examiner,
that the new rates were 'knocked out' ow
ing to differences between yourself and
Mr. Simmons?
"What was the cause of the indefinite
postponement of action on the new rates?"
To the first came back the reply that the
meeting to be held in this City on the 13th
of May was that of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association, as announced ex
clvsively in The Call of Sunday,* and not
of the Transcontinental Traffic Associa
tion, as stated yesterday in the Examiner.
The second question was entirely ig
nored, presumably because Mr. Stubbs had
no information on the subject. .■ .: 7y7
Mr. Stubbs' reply to the third question
was, "No, sir; not a word of truth in it."
I In response to the last interrogatory Mr.
Stubbs wrote: "I regard that question of
j no public interest eveu if I could answer it.'
From the foregoing it will therefore be
seen that the mercantile community is
destined to remain in its condition of un
satisfactory and discouraging uncertainty
for an indefinite period. But that there
! will be another effort shortly to solve the
difficulties in the way of a readjustment
of transcontinental rates is the opinion of
all persons and interests involved.
The very fact that such a strict secrecy
is maintained regarding the cause of the
disagreement at Chicaeo is viewed as
favorable to that end, the object of this
secretiveness being evidently to prevent
any unnecessary friction by the opening
and irritating of freshly inflicted wounds.
GOV. JONES* ESCORT.
General Warfield Said to Have Been
Misrepresented by a Subordinate
Officer of the National Guard. 3 5 3
An inquiry may be made in the National
Guard to ascertain if an officer, whose
name is now withheld, did not - cause his
superior officer, Brigadier-General R. H.
Warfield, to be deliberately misrepresented
in a daily newspaper in regard to an escort
in honor of the late General Jones of Ne
vada. " :' 3333 7-7777'
General Warfield relies on the printed
order from brigade headquarters April
11 to show that a proper detail was
ordered. ■. ■ 7*..\ , .33 ,, ,3
The third paragraph of this order reads
as follows :
111. In accordance with orders from superior
headquarters, Colonel William McDonald,
commanding First Regiment Infantry, is here
by directed to furnish a suitable detail under
command of a lieutenant, to act as a guard
of honor from now until the hour of funeral,
oyer the remains of the late Governor Jones
of Nevada, who died in this city on last even
ing. He will . also furnish a detail to act as
escort to the remains, to the depot of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, foot of Market street,
on the day of the funeral, consulting at all
times the wishes of the family of deceased in
the matter. / » - ** *-
Attention 3is called to that particular
language of the order which directs the
colonel of the First Regiment to , "consult
at all times the wishes of the family." It
was such consultation that called out tne
regiment. The guard of honor over the
remains is altogether different from the
funeral escort.
Paragraph 4 of the official order also
directed Captain H. T. Sime, Troop A, to
make a detail of four troopers and" a cor
poral to act as a guard of honor to Reno.
The published statement, which is said
to have been instigated by an officer of
high rank, asserted that General Warfield
simply detailed a platoon as escort.
General Warfield remarked last evening
that he had nothing to say on the subject
further than to refer to the official order
which provided for a detail of a guard of
honor and also for a proper escort.
History of a Wheel.
The "Dandy Horse" was the first bicycle
to make its appearance in America. That
was • in : 1819. The rider sat between two
wheels, his feet touching the ground and
proceeded at a half run, half walk, which
gave him a speed of about eight miles an
hour. This was too much liße work to
suit the early fathers, and the wheel did
not meet with favor. 3 Nearly fifty years
later it was reintroduced, this time having
cranks on the wheel in front and called the
velocipede. It is asserted that Robert Cen
ter, the well-known clubman who died re
cently, was the first man to bring the ve
locipede to America. -
When the velocipede came in there was
a boom in the trade, and riding-schools
were instituted. - The clumsy wheels were
of wood, with flat tires, and weighed 150
pounds. : The . manufacturer ; who : first
started the business of making wheels in
America  sent a representative to 3 New
York, who rode one of the wheels around
Union Square, got arrested and was fought
for by Editor Dana. * 3
• i The bicycle was much" better than the
velocipede, 3 but very clumsy. , The evolu
tion from the high wheel ,to g the I low one
was rapid, and* as soon as the safety was
put on the market the bicycle fever began
which is to day raging '■ through the coun
try. Last year fully 400,000 wheels were
made in America, ; and there are 500 con
cerns of importance making them.
There are 1200 makes of wheels to select
from. ' The standard price of the safety, so
lone as the present demand continues.will
be $100. People think this is too much, as
the cost of making .a high-grade wheel is
not over $30, but when,- store rentals.'ad
vertising and manufacturing expenses are
considered : the profit is not a very large
one on each machine. * ;
The Washington Monument is 555 feet
from base to tip. ■-■■'-- '•-3«?-§!£
MARKS THE HOURS
FOR REDWOOD
Local Pride of the School
Children of San Mateo
County.
A BIG ENTERTAINMENT.
How the Young Folks Played
and Sang to Swell the
Clock Fund.
GRAND PATRIOTIC TABLEAUX.
The Assembly Hall Was Crowded
With Delighted Spectators of a
Memorable Event.
REDWOOD CITY. Cal,, April 27.—
San Mateo County is proud of her. school
children, prcud of their handsome new
Grammar School building . at Redwood
City, proud of the big town clock that sur
mounts it, and prouder still of the 200 or
more children and their teachers who gave
the big entertainment at Assembly Hall
to-night to swell the fund that is being
raised to pay for that clock.
On a clear day— of which there are an
abundance in San Mateo County that big
clock under the cupola of the Grammar
School is visible for miles around, and at
quite long range— from every point in
Redwood City at least— the hands of the
big clock are plainly seen as they mark off
the hours. "P77:77i •? 777771:
Of course, that clock cost a lot of money
— over $1000, it is said— and it surmounts
as . fine a schoolhouse as there is any
where, one, indeed, that cost a cool $40,000.
The building was erected at public ex
pense and, was finished some time ago.
But the clock is not quite a month old. It
was added by the school children and by
private donations of the citizens of Red
wood and vicinity.
It is too early to say just how nearly
complete that clock fund is \ just now, but
it is generally believed that the money
realized by the school children's grand
entertainment to-night will almost, if not
quite, supply the last dollar needed to pay
for the clock. And it is for this reason
that San Mateo County is just now so
proud of those 200 children and their
teachers, who played and sang and posed
and drilled with such great success.
Assembly Hall is in the school building,
and bo were a great many more people
than could possibly crowd into the hall,
albeit the hall is very spacious on ordinary
occasions, i But this was no ordinary occa
sion. For weeks the big event has been
in the process of incubation. Principal
G. P. Hartley and his corps of nine effi
cient assistants have worked hard and are
given much credit for the success of the
entertainment. But tbis credit bestowed
does not detract from the even greater
credit and esteem with which the
children who really gave the performance
are regarded.
Mr. Hartley's assistants are Miss Mary
Stewart, Miss Lizzie Hall, Miss Mary
Hanly, Miss Nellie Cloud, Miss Ida
Martin, Mrs. J. E. Hartley, Miss Josie
Finger and Miss Sallie Nelson. In the
same building the Sequoia High School is
also quartered. This is led by Professor
David A. Curry, assisted by Miss Meyer,
and, of course, both of these were enthu
siastic aids in to-night's big event.
Assembly . Hall was beautifully decor
ated by natural green things and flowers,
contributed by the children. When the
curtain rang up on the first scene there
was a great floral shoe filled with children
of all ages and sizes, but all of them grin
ning and happy. It was the tableau of
"The Old Woman Who Lived in a Shoe,"
and pretty Jennie Winne, as the owner of
the shoe and all those babes in it, tried
to look old and sour, but made a most
agreeable failure of it. The names of the
I little ones who posed as the children with
which the old woman "didn't know what
j to do" are as follows:
Alice Holden I Mattie Barrett
Helen Doyle I Lulu Beeger ■>"-:-
Carl Kolcheske Oscar Sahlby
Carlton Weeden May Durham
Josie Kreiss Mura Wilcox
I Leland Beer Alex Hansen 1.33
Viola Sahlby V .■ Hazel Winter
Frankie Grimensteln John Wymann
Frankie Thompson May Lovie j
After the "Old Woman" had "whipped
them all soundly and sent them to bed,"
the programme proceeded as follows:
Song, "Sleigh Bells". School
Extract from Webster....... ....Hall Ross
Recitation, "Six Times Nine" . ..Susie Beeson
Instrumental .Natalie and Belle Brittan
Blind Girl of Caatel Cuille (Pantomime). ...
* . Longfellow
Characters-
Margaret, the blind peasant.... Annie Tribolet
Angela, the peasant bride.... Clara Crowe
Baptiste, the false lover Henry Thomsson
Paul, Margaret's brother Fred Nobs
Jane, the fortune teller Isabel Curran
I Boys and girls dressed as peasants complet
ing the bridal party.
Edwin Splivalo, - Nettie Meachem.
John O'Brien. LauraElvin,
George Comper, Eva Cook,
Amelia de Martini, : , Bee Fox,
Frank Barry, Katie Botto,
James Bell, ; 33' Julia Beeger,
Irene Doyle, Hettie Avery,
Johnnie Dielman, - Charles Merrimontes
Motion song by the following:
Frankie Grimenstein, Eugene McMelcher,
Mattie Barrett, Peter Christensen,
Lulu Beeger, Gussie Mullen, >■••> •'
Oscar Sahlby, Susie Beeson,
John Gedge, . Lottie Genochio,
Irene Carlson, Amy Jacobus,
May Durham, Fannie Lipp,
Muia Wilcox, Charlie Lipp,
Alice Holden, Ivy Bombay,
Alex Hansen, May Hansen,
Viola Shelby ■•'--.•' Frankie Thompson,
Libbie Garcia, 3-3 333, '
"Dora's Soliloquy" Abbie Douglas
Recitation, "Jimmie Brown's Sister's Wed-, '
ding":. .3. Eva Rockwell
"Harvest 50ng"...... .............School
Church Fair Scene. > .*"•■> -' -■■•? 7y.: 7%: *•• ■■«-•■'■ :•.■*.*>*.■
Speaking Characters- , r * ,3;
Miss R05ebud.;..:.*......... ...Julia Beeger
Miss Violet. *.. .'. *.'. . Florence Jamieson
Mr. Again. . James Bell
Mr. Jack Coupon . .......... . . .*. Leslie Johnson
Thinking Characters-
Miss Autumn-leaf (shady side of forty) . ......
1 .....................................Edna Wilson
Dobson, Mr. Coupon's valet. .. Arthur Lothrop
Recitation, Little Tin Soldier. Carleton Weeden
Piano Duet. . ..Isabel Curran and Jessie Gilbert
Recitation. Fishing...' Eugenic Hawes
Boys' song by:
Georgie Winter John Covert '..•-•'
Fred Becker Fred Rockwell 33!' 3*
Henry Offermann , Fred Bailer
Ktifavio Shaves Carl Rathbone
Emtl Kolcheske " . Albert Sahlby - 3
Allison Gilbert \\
Boys' song.3... ':........ ......By Eleven Boys
Recitation, "Woman's Rights".... George West
Instrumental music ...... ........Frank Indlg
Sash drill and : tableaux
Mattie Jordan Ella McNulty
Mabel McNamara - Jessie Gilbert
Hettie Allen : Ruble Wilson
Daginar Hynding Lulu Knight
I Olga Helner
Recitation, "The Weaver," Gertie Beeger.
j Concert piece, by
Olive Christ •"■'"•'""'* Linda Mullen '7 * 3
Evelyn . Sophia Sahlberg
Irene Doyle ■■ Kittle Crowe
"vorine Cuthbertson Katie Narr
Claire Murray * Aurora Peterson
j Violin solo, Clara Crowe.
Military drill, grand patriotic tableau, by
Ludwig Werder Claud McCusker
Arthur Dodge Harold Heider
Stan Rice John Grimmensteia
Stanley Smith - - Joseph Rvpciiniki
Parker townsend Adolph Steller
Milton Lloyd Chester Lovie
James Ayers James Kerr
Albert Mansfield . Roy Curran
Omar Doyle Reuben Elvln
Lewis Hurlbert Joe Romero
Bessie Morrel Mabel Pipkin
May L ° . , . Harland Mansfield
Jessie Pipkin Linda Ames
Maggie I'ateman Charles Beeson
Oscar Sahlby Cora Lovie
May Hansen Clarence Curran
Eddie Osorio Jennie Peterson
Louise Barrett ■, Harlev Covert '
Roy Peterson Natalie Hansen
Alice olden Michael Shaves
Albert Rathburn Lottie Genochio
Laura Genochio Foster Curry
Marion Bullivant Mildred Smith
John Westergreen Bessie Winter
Bliss Rockwell Mamie Brown
Pauline Beege lone Dodge
Rudolph Wilson Ora Covert
Luella Mansfield Bertha Beer
Mamie BatemaD Annie Offermann
Hu'.da Sahlby HansinaScow
Frieda Allen Jennie Winne
Eva Gilbert Leiia Bees-on 3 ;
Aileen Curren Delia de Martini'
Lulu Twolmby Pauline Piacq
Lula Romero ; Lilly Rumbol
Hattie Nobs Katie Botto
Mamie Prader -Ollie Christ
Lizzie Westercreen Georgie Gedge
Emma Fehrn Mattie Jordan
Nellie Beckly Edna Wilson
Louise Douglas Ellen Nissen
Gertie Hansen Florence Jamieson
Lizzie Gimmenstein Lottie Douglas
Eva Knight Laura Meachem
Freda Allen Eva Rockwell
Carmelita Brittan as the Goddes3 of Liberty.
Edward and Howard Hurlbert in cornet duo.
Of course, the last number on the pro
gramme was the most pretentious of ail
and the one that awakened the greatest
enthusiasm. It was the work, very largely,
of the Misses Stewart, Finger and Hall'
who were tireless in their preparatory
work. Indeed, all the teachers worked
very hard for the success of the entertain
ment.
School Directors George IT. Rice, Peter
Doyle and Henry Beeger were actively in
terested, and after the great event was all
over this evening they expressed them
selves as highly gratified at the artistic as
well as the financial result. Miss Etta M.
Tihon, the County School Superintendent,
also expressed the highest satisfaction at
the manner in which the performance was
conducted and the evidence of great pains
taking and much talent its successful ac
complishment proved.
TEACHEHS' INSTITUTE.
San Mateo County Pedagogues Meet at
Redwood City To- Day.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 27.— The
San Mateo County Teachers' Institute will
be formally, opened to-morrow morning in
the Redwood City public school building.
It will continue in session until Thursday
afternoon.
A great deal of interest is manifested in
the institute this year and the attendance
promises to be very large. The' officers
and committees of the institute are as fol
lows:
Vice-presidents— G. P. Hartley, D. A. Curry,
G.W. Hall. "
Committee on resolutions— G. P. Hartley, H.
1 Committee on resolutions— G. P. Hartley, H.
C. Hall, W. J. Savage, L. Heiner, Miss Heiiioii,
Miss Dearborn, Miss M. Leathers, Miss Ma
i loney, Miss Green, Miss J'lvin, Miss Schubert,
Miss Craig, Miss Smith, Miss Meehan, Miss
Cumins, Miss Leighton.
Committee on music— D. A. Curry, A. E.
Weed, Miss Loveland, Miss Burke, Miss Mo
j Lellan, Miss Meyer, Mrs. Hartley, Mrs. Sped
ding, Miss Stewart, Miss Hanly, Miss Madden,
Miss I. Martin, Miss Finger, Miss Nelson, Miss
| Shine, Miss Glennan, Miss Joves, Miss A.
I Leathers, Miss Hall, Miss Cloud, "Miss Gilbert,
| Miss McNamara, Miss McCarthy, Miss
Edwards. - .V, .- ;
Committee on introduction— G. W. Hall. G.
F. Gilchrist, George Williams, J. McCarthy,
I Miss Garissino, Miss Pringle, Miss M. Tarpey,
I Miss Mullen, Miss K. Torpey, Miss Keegan,
| Miss Doyle, Miss Lane. Miss A. Martin, Miss
Donahue, Miss Thompson, Miss Savage, Miss
Maguire, Miss Compton, Miss White, Miss
I Casey. . '.■".>•-•
Instructors and lecturers— Dr. D. S. Jordan,
Stanford University; Professor E. H.Griggs,
Stan University: Mrs. M.S. Barnes, Stan
ford University; MissEstelle Darrah, Stanford
University; Professor Thomas J. Bailey Jr.,
University of California; Miss Lillian Blais
dell, Winona Normal School; Joaquin Miller;
Mrs. M. H. Gans; Harr Wagner; State Superin
tendent S. T. Black. *i.
The programme for the entire session,
as officially announced, is as follows:
Tuesday forenoon— organization;
address to the teachers, George C. Ross; "Man
ual Work in Connection With Numbers," Miss
Blaisdell; discussion of the above subject;
i "The Foundation ' of Methods," Professor
Bailey.
| Tuesday afternoon— Music; Rollcall; "The
: Study of "Nature," Dr. D. S. Jordan; "Use of
i Kindergarten Materials in Primary Schools," '
Miss Blaisdell; discussion of the above sub
ject; "Children, Parents and leachers," Pro
fessor T. J. Bailey Jr. <■; ; .7 *
Tuesday evening— Music; illustrated lecture,
"Hawaii, The Paradise and Inferno of the Pa
cific," Mrs. M. L. Gains.
Wednesday morning— Music; roll-call; "The
Teaching of Geography," Miss Darrah; discus
sion of the above subject; "Mental Arith-. !
metic," G. P. Hartley; "Teaching of Current j
Events," H. C. Hall; discussion, Institute; ]
"Methods in English," Harr Wagner.
Wednesday afternoon— Music; rollcall; se
lect reading, Miss Stewart; "The Bad Boy,"
Miss Darrah; discussion, institute; systematic
reading for teachers, Professor Griggs.
Wednesday evening— Music; lecture, "Les
sons Not in the Books," Joaquin Miller.
Thursday morning— Music; rollcall; "The
Study of Literature," Miss Meyer; "The
Course of Study" ; discussion of the above sub
ject, institute; "How to Study a New Subject
in History," Mrs. M. S. Barnes.'
Thursday afternoon, I:ls— Music: report of
committees; reading, "A Study in Pronun
ciation," Mr. Gardner; "Preparation for the
High School," Professor Curry; discussion of
the above subject; "Development of Person
ality in Children," Professor Griggs.
BED CLOUD AT EIGHTY.
i Absolute Ruler of the Great Sioux
Nation.' "
The journey of the venerable old chief
tain, Red Cloud, as chairman of the dele
gation of Pine Ridge Sioux which will
visit Washington to lay the grievances of
the Sioux nation before the "Great
Father," will doubtless be . the closing
event of Red Cloud's remarkable career.
This famous chief is approaching his
eightieth birthday, is growing quite feeble,
ana considers this his last opportunity to
visit the National capital, as he has within
the last few weeks expressed a desire to
once more shake hands with the Great
Father (meaning the President of the
United States), and then return to his
reservation to die.
This "last visit" will be in conformity
with what is a recognized, practice among"
many members of the Sioux nation, who
however, being of lower rank than Red
Cloud, are satisfied to make their last vi-nt
include their agency only. Instances are
known where old Indians, who felt that
their days were numbered, arose from sick
beds for the purpose of making final visits
to the agency, and thus show their good
will toward the agency authorities.
■* Red Cloud is certainly the greatest
Indian of modern times, and the last of a
long line of famous ". chiefs. He is the
head chief of the entire Sioux nation, com
prising about 20,000 persons, and ranks in
the same - line of chiefs as Powhattan,
Osceola, Black Hawk, Geronimo and
others prominent in ' history. Red Cloud
during late years has given his efforts
toward civilization, and because he wears
ordinary white man's clothes and because
some of the sub-chiefs stick \to paint and
feathers, he has been considered in a
wrong light by the superficial reader. But
nevertheless, Red Cloud is far ahead of
any and all of them, being the absolute
ruler of the whole Sioux nation.— St. Paul
Pioneer-Press. ; . >
The pneumatic system for the transmis
sion of messages is utilized to a much lar
ger extent in Paris than it is in London.
It is now proposed to employ the pneu
matic tube to convey all letters from the
municipal postoffice's to the railway sta
}' onß - <i The- plant will cost rather more
than $150,000.
NEW TO-PAT. S
fl
%^BJ^\ *
EXTRA
Parlor Furnishings— everything for
comfort and convenience rare de-
signs in Furniture— Rugs whose rich-
ness rivals Oriental fabrics. .Carpets
and Portieres.
750 Mission-street prices on all.
Now will yon come ?
Carpets and Curtains.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
LEVINIROS
Leading Grocers
I Special ftrnS Weeß.
OiaVES-
Imported Spanish Queen Olives, In bulk
-•••• quarts 20c, gallons 75c
Regular price $1 per gallon.
California Full Ripe Olives, extra quality
quarts HOc, gallons ?1 10
Regular price $1 50 per gallon.
DRIED FRUITS—
Italian Best Quality PRUNES (Tart). .. 4 lbs 25c
trench Best Quality PRUNES! ...4 tbs '2sc
PEACH KM, I est quality 4 tbs 25c
PEAKS, best quality 4 lbs 25c
WHISKY-
OLD Gi.OR V, Fine Old Bourbon, full quarts $1 00
OLD CABIN, pure Rye, full quarts 8 1 00
K'-eular price $1 60.
OLD KENTUCKY BOURBON, 1890.........
j • 82 50 per gallon
Regular price $3 60.
RAISINS-
FRESNO BEAUTY, finest clusters, packed
in 21/2 pound cartons 25c per box
Regular price 50c.
TOBACCO AND CIGARS-
STAR and CLIMAX, 1 pound plug *n c
BATTLE AX, 1 poujid p1ug.......? 25-
MOTLEY S GEM Pfug Cut, 2oz package. ... 5c
* -,- : Full lines of all brands Cigars and Tobacco
at lowest rates.
BUTTER—
Extra Choice Point Reyes Creamery, squares 30c
Choice Point Kejjfs Butter, squares 25c
' ~
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
. ' J . S«N FRANCISCO.
j CO3. 10t- A2TD WASHINGTON STS. *) OAKLAND
1731-1736 SEVENTH STSEST /BRANCHES
gaa^^a^Bffl_^_a-ggw-i
TAN
JACKETS
$1-2.50
TaN COVERT and
TAN CLOTH,
SILK LINED,
VELVET COLLAR,
BOX JACKETS, ..
RIPPLE BACK,
The very swellest jacket in the city.
Prices as low as quality and cost will
permit.
ARM AND CAILLEAU
46-48 Geary Street,
Near Grant Avenue.
PATRONIZE HOME INDUSTRY.
Ml DIRECT FROM THE
MANUFACTURER.
REFINED BAR IRON 81.75 bM ,
ANGLE IRON . 15 flat
BAND IRON 2.00 .<
Round Edge Tire Steel. 2.10 flat
Toe " 2.30 "
Plow ' •« 2.35 **
German Hammered " 3.75 base
Pick " 4.00 it
Machinery •« 2.00 •*"
Spring «• 2< 5 0 .<
Cold Rolled •* 3.35 «
Finished Shafting 3.25 '• .
Terms .-—Cash. F. 0. B. Cars or Steamer.
JUDSON M'F'G. CO.
, SAN FRANCISCO. _^
*S7A=op4 ROOMS
%|# SW %& CONSISTING OF
I r, U3_ILN"ITTJa-l._El
I BEDROOM L DIMINCROOM > KITCHEN
EASY PAY ME NTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard 50 Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard.... .•••• 25 Cents
Matting, per yard IO Cent-
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces 825 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror ©•>_. 00
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
- OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogue. Mailed Free. '
£7* Free Packing and Delivery acrosj the Bar.
TAMAR - laxative refreshl-f <***-
I 4_ Eti ftl _"1 fruU lor.»-ig-.
m n 111 r% 1 1 very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
mm ■___- - hemorrhoids, bile,
Mill iC li IO3S of ■PPetite, Kastric an 4
II II IS_ |~| lateatlnal troubles and
,w ■_-■_■ ■« headache arising
_ _ from them.
BRiLLOH 33 Rue < lefl Archives,' Parte
1-HMlfcfclill Sold by all Druggist*
WEDDING
_-d ftft An ° U " C m * nts - C « lrd8 .««-., Engraved
Ud du«ctlor« fnJ f£ Btv1 ?' low rates * 2° samples
m^etnSS?naid tf^ « rect J o !™* »-^em weddings,
I Bta***^™^* - stamps. » BRUNT"!