VOLUME LXXIX.-XO. 174
MARCHES INTO MOSCOW
Triumphal Entry of Russia's Ruler
Into the Decorated Northern
Capital.
BRILLIANT DISPLAY MADE BY THE ESCORT
OF SOLDIERS AND NOBLES.
Salvos of Guns Fired and the Clanging of Many
Bells to Announce the Arrival of the
Czar and Czarina.
M"SCOW, Russia, May 21.— The great i
triumphal entry of the Emperor and Em
it; to Moscow occurred to-day. Until
to-day the Emperor has not officially been
in the city. In order to see the imposing
spectacle thousand* of anxious sightseers
thronged the streets all last night and
earij secured places of vantage.
Indeed,' at 8 o'clock it was difficult to
move about. The roadway along the line
oi the route had been thickly covered with
sand and the wretched pavement buried
some inches deep. Every class of costume
was visible among the crowds, and any
one skilled in the characteristics of Rus
sian peasantry could have readily indi
cated from what part of the empire tbe
different groups of spectators had come so
Tar:e i were tiieir dresses.
The street was gay with the trappings
on the Venetian mnsts which bore shieids
on which were alternately inscribed the
arms of the Russian provinces and the
monograms of the Emperor and Empress.
No -.raffle was allowed on the line of pro
cession after 3 o'clock this morning and at
a:i early hour troops were marched to
thickly line both sides of the roadway
over the entire route.
For many weary hours the myriads oi
spectators of every rank and class who
lined ti,e routes and tilled the tribunes,
pavilions, platforms and balconies sat or
stood in tueir places waiting for the
ereal event of the day, while the stolid
soldiers, after clearing the roadway, kept
the masses in their places.
At _':30 o'clock the cannon boomed, fol
lowed by eight other shots. This was the
signai for every bell in Moscow to peal
forth and in an instant, led off by t£>e
I*-.?r lower fa tb~C Kremlin, ar.
indescribable jangle of ibe hundreds of i
beils in this much-belled city broke ur>on :
the ear.
The Emperor had left the palace and the
procession had started. It was probably
tne most gorgeous scene that Moscow had
ever beheld.
The cortege was headed by three squad
rons of Circassians and Don Cossacks in
brilliant scarlet uniforms. At their head
rode on a black horse, Prince Dolgomki,
grand master of the ceremonies, in full
uniform, followed by his escort and
mounted drummers and trumpeters of the
Horse Guards.
The Cossacks were followed by a field
marshal leading a squadron of the Czar's
Hussars of the guard, one company each
of the guard regiments of Pavlovsk, then
a squadron of dragoons in dark green, fol
lowed by grenadiers with ancient nelmets,
engineers and chasseurs. After them came
squadrons of household troops, the stand
ards of the various provinces of the em
pire, banners of the army and navy, trade
guilds, huntsmen, court and official dieni
tanes in gorgeous costumes.
Then, preceded by the Imperial Grand
Marshal, Count Pahien, and two squadrons
of cuirassiers, with eagle-crested helmets,
the Emperor himself appeared, dressed in
the fuil general's uniform of the Preoba
jansky Regrpent of the Guards.
The Emperor, who looked very well,
constantly bowed his Salutations to the
cheering multitude, who. upon the first
sight of his Majesty, raised a shout pecu
liar to the Russian, which is a prolonged
Rear-Admiral Selfridge, L. S. N., Who Left the Flagship Minneapolis at Oron.
stadt to Witness the Coronation Ceremonies at Moscow.
The San Francisco Call.
roar. This wm taken up on a'l sides and
swelled to a perfect hurricane of sound.
The Czar rode a pure white horse and was
immediately followed by various members
of the Russian imperial family, foreign
sovereigns or their representatives, Minis
ters of the household, Minister of War and
the generals and officers of the suite, a
gorgeous throng in glittering uniforms.
Behind them rode the generals and aides
de-camp of the Emperor and those at
tached to the suites of the foreign princes
\ and representatives. Preceded by a regi
i ment of grenadiers attached to the palace,
. came the Empress in a 'magnificent gilded
: state carriage, drawn by ' four pairs of
cream-colored horses, flanked !by two
e«quires-at-arms and guarded in the rear
by two Cossacks. Similarly escorted came
coaches bearing Princesses and ladies of
the court, their attendants and ladies of
I honor. Court chamberlains and gentlemen
lin waiting followed the carriages. Then
j came detachments of five regiments of the
i guards, two squadrons of cavalry, a squad-
I ron of cuirassiers bearing lances, a squad
ron of Uhlans, and finally numerous
mounted masters of ceremonies.
The crowd closed in at a respectful dis
tance behind the procession and all move
ment was then toward the Kremlin. On
arriving at the Iberian chapel, at the en
trance of the Chinese town, the Emperor
alighted from hie horse, and with the Em
, press ascended the steps to the shrine,
where he was received by the priest of the
chapel with the cross and holy water. The
appearance of the Czar was the signal for
< the firing of cannon, the ringing of bells
! and cheers from ' the' : people. , The Em- 1
peror and Empress with their immediate
suit?! frorsurjttd successiVellyTtx'thfe f cVthf-' ]
drals of the Assumption and the Archangel
Michael arid the Annunciation, ■where te
deums were sung.
: As the cortege entered the capital a
' salvo of seventy-one great guns was fired
m obedience to a signal from the top of
the Arc de Triomphe, and was immedi
ately repeated upon a signal from the top
of the belfry of the Iver and the steeple of
: the tower of Ivan Veliki.
The Emperor upon entering the capital
was received by the governor-general of
Moscow mounted and escorted by officers
i and aides. Tne governor-general was
joined by the Emperor's suite.' Upon en
tering the Zemlainoi the Emperor was re
ceived by the Mayor and the Council of
I the city of Moscow, delegates of the Cham
ber of Commerce, a committee of artisans,
representatives of the different companies
with distinctive signs and representatives
of the bourse, all formed into a committee
of reception.
Inside the Kremlin the imperial . party
! with the foreign Princes dismounted at
| the gate between the steeple of Ivan
VelitKi and the Cathedral of the Arch
angel Michael, and entered the Cathedral
of the Assumption by the southern gate,
| preceded by the grand master of the coro
nation ceremonies and the grand marshal
of the court.
In the hall of St. Vladimir the Emperor
and Empress received the benediction of
I the archpriest of the Cathedral of the An
nunciation and afterward the imperial
party traversed the halls of St. George and
i St. Alexander and the throne hall, where
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, MAY 22, 1896.
Interior of the Cathedral of the Assumption, Where the Czar Will Be Crowned.
[h'roin the London G-raphic.]
most of the party remained, to the hall of I
St. Catherine, where none but those in- ■
timately connected with the imperial
household were permitted to enter.
At the moment of the entry of the im
perial party into the Kremlin a salvo of
100 guns was fired at a signal given by the
commandant of Moscow. The bells of all
the churches in the capital were kept
ringing throughout the (lay.
It is impossible to describe the gorgeous
ness of the scenes in the streets under the
brilliant sunshine. The windows of the
houses along the route of the procession
and the street pavements were literally
packed with people and even the trees
lining the road near Petrovt-ky Palace
were tilled with sightseers. The troops, in
their gala uniforms, in marching to their j
respective positions, and the hundreds of !
exalted personages comprising the guests, i
were cheered by the crowd. Everything i
was life — movements "of color. Bands of i
music played along the whole route. On '
the pavements the first row on each side
of the road was filled with well-known j
people, musical bodies, guilds, bcuool •
children, Red Cross nurses, etc. The ]
British Consulate, the only consulate
located along the route of the procession, i
was handsomely decorated with Russian I
and British Sags. The utmost courtesy ,
was shown to members of the press, whose
bad ires enabled them to go everywhere.
The Czar will spend the night at the Al
exandria Palace.
GIFTS FROM THE SULTAN.
Rare Gems Are bent to the Czar and
Czarina.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, May 21.- j
The Sultan has presented to the Czar of
Ruflsia the insignia of the Order of Sada- I
kat, set in brilliants, and has sent to the
Czarina a diamond pin valued at £2000
and a number of rich silk carpets.
lteath of a Moted General.
SAN LUIS POTOSI, Mexico, May 21.—
General Silverio Martinez, postmaster
here, and odp of the most celebrated I
generals of Mexico, is dead. He took a i
prominent part in the French war and '
was made a prisoner at Queretaro with \
Emperor Maximilian. Both were sen
tenced to be shot at the same time, but at '
the last moment General Martinez's sen- |
tence was commuted to imprisonment in i
the Oaxaca fortress, where he remained i
for several years until pardoned. He was I
connected with tiie Mexican Vera Cruz
Railroad for several years.
Heath of a Fa*nott* Musician.
FRANKFORT - ON - THE - MAIN, Ger
many, May 21.— Mme. Clara Schumann,
the famous musician, died here yesterday
aged 77.
WITNESSES ARE MISSING
Little Prospect of Prosecuting
Rinehart and Hanley at
Present.
One More Postponement of the Trial
of the Railroad Men Indicted at
Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., May 21.— The cases of
John W. Rinehart, ex-president and Jolin
A. Hanley, ex-traffic manager of the Santa
F«l Railroad Company, charged with vio
lating the interstate commerce law, were
continued to-day by Judge Grosscup until
the October term of court to give the Gov
ernment an opportunity to produce its
witnesses. The ex-officials were indicted
by tte Federal Grand Jury on the testi
mony of John G. Taylor, livestock agent
of the Santa Fe road in I*!< 2, for granting
rebates to certain favored patrons of the
road in 1892. Taylor was in the court
room last Monday ready to give evidence,
but the cases were continued until to-day.
When the cases were called to-day Taylor
was missing and could not be found.
District Attorney Black and Senator
Shields of lowa, representing the Govern
ment, presented an affidavit setting forth
the reasons for asking a continuance. It
stated that Nelson Morris, wanted as a
witness, is in Europe and that W. P. Jen
kins, president of the Hummond Packing
Company, also wanted, could not be found
and was believed to be evading service.
The defendants were chaiged with being
in collusion with him. The affidavit as
serted that the defense probably Knew
something about the sudden disappear
ance of the most material witness, Taylor.
Judge Grosscup refused to i«sue a bench
warrant for Taylor's arrest, out intimated
that if it was found at the October term
that witnesses were being kept in hiding
by the efforts of the defense, there would
be trouble.
Both defendants were present and repre
sented by counsel. Senator Duncan, for
Mr. Rinehart, declared tnat tuere was no
evidence showing the ex-president's knowl
edge of t!:e rebate transactions; but Sen
ator Shields ?a:d the Government would
show a connection between the ex-presi
dent ana Haniev.
m
Inherits a Million.
NASHUA, N. H., May 21.— Frank E.
BurDham, a carpenter, has received word
from a lawyer in San Francisco that by
the death of an uncle in California he has
become heir to au estate valued at $1,000.
-000.
♦
REBELS MADE THREE ATTACKS.
Attempts to Encircle a Spanish Column
Meet With Failure and Con
siderable Loss.
HAVANA, Cuba, May 21.— The engage
ment which was reported unofficially yes
terday took place at MootemDo, province
of Matanzas. The rebels made three
attacks upon the Spanish troops, who were
commanded by Colonel Melina, but were
repulsed each time.
The insurgents who formed part of
Gomez's vanguard were commanded by
Collazo, Zayas and others. It was their
intention to encircle the Spanish column,
but the bravery of the troops prevented
them from carrying out the maneuver.
The rebel loss was ten killed and over
twenty wounded. The troops lost one
killed and ten wounded.
Only the Government report of the
fight has been received. Later advices
may put an entire.y different aspect on
the engagement. It is stated on good au
thority that as important expedition has
landed safely near Manzanillo.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21.—Secre
tary Olney has instructed Minister Taylor
to make vigorous representations to the
Spanish Government relative to recent
edicts prohibiting the exportation of to
bacco from the island of Cuba, on the
grounds that it amounts to the practical
confiscation of goods in Cuba owned by
Americans.
TWO BUILDINGS WRECKED.
Loss of Life and Property Caused by the
Explosion of Natural Gas
in Kansas.
COFFEYVILLE, Kans., May 21.— A
natural gas explosion occurred in this city
this morninir at 8 o'clock. Two buildings
were wrecked, one man is dead and a
number of people ar« more or lesi in
jured.
David Carter was found crushed to
death. The following is a list of tbe in
jured, so far as learned: Matt Atkinson
and Elisha Pursley (colored), both thought
to be fatally injured; Irvin, Maud
Young, Lo^an Eshoro, Mrs. Morris and
little daughter Katie, John Wilson, Joe
Short, William Kinie, William Stuckey,
Leroy Cooper, George Walker.
StriHers Return to Work Conditionally.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 2L— On con-
dition that all hands be taken back, and
with the offer of the Globe Iron Company
to give the men a substantial advance in
wages, 1000 strikers, who have been idle
for ten days, returned to work at the ship
yards to-day.
Confesses the Orfalcalion.
ROCHESTER, N. V., May 21.— F. A
Cole, for many years employed in the Mon
roe Savings Bank as receiving teller, is a
defaulter and has left the city. Cole was
an active member of the First Baptist
Church, and was a teacher in the Sunday
school. He was also one of the directors
of the Y. M. C. A., and has confessed the
defalcation. The amount secured is small.
liiatnarc.k'a Famous Bound Dead.
FRIEDRICHSRUHB, Germany, May
21. — Prince Bismarck's famous hound
Tyras II died yesterday of old age. He
succeeded the historic Tyras, the dog
which attained great notoriety through
his attendance upon his master at the time
of the Berlin Congress.
> mi- a f'essel Founder.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, May 21.— A
Kosmos line steamer which arrived here
to-day reports that she saw a large un
known vessel founder on the night of May
14 off Pembroke Light. All on board are
supposed to have been lost. The heavy
weather prevented the steamer from ren
dering any assistance.
SOME OF THE VISITORS FROM SIBERIA.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MURDER IN THE
SECOND DEGREE
Verdict in the Cases of
Crow and Van
Horn.
HOW IT WAS RECEIVED.
No Expression of Surprise Showa
by Either of the Pris
oners.
GRIEF OF VAN HORN'S MOTHEH,
The Sheriff Makes Five More Arrests
for Complicity in the Little.
field Murder.
W SAVERVILLE, Cal., May 21.— The
case of Crow and Van Horn for the mur
der of Jack Littlefield went to the jury at
5:30 last evening. At 10:15 the court was
called, when the foreman of the jury an
nounced that they had arrived at a ver
dict. The courtroom was crowded with
spectators anxious to witness the effect
upon the defendants when the verdfet was
announced, but they were disappointed if
anything lise a sensation was expected.
Crow took his seat in a very quiet manner,
showing not the least degree of nervous
ness, but Van Horn showed that he had
been under a great mental strain since the
time the case went to the jury, and waa
quite nervous as he walked into the court
room and took his seat by the aide of
Crow.
When the clerk arose to read the ver
dict as rendered by the jury the court
room was painfully quiet, as there were
indications apparent to a close observer
that a verdict of guilty in some degree
was about to be read. Juuge Ellison re
quested every one present to refrain from
any demonstration of their approval or
disapproval of the verdict about to be ren«
dered. The clerk then read as follows:
"We, the jury impaneled to try the case
of the people of the State of California
versus Bayles Van Horn and John Crow,
defendants do find them guilty of murder
in the second degree and recommend them
to the mercy of the court."
There was not an expression of surprise
visible on the countenance of either de
fendant Crow or Van Hern.
Saturday at 10 o'clock was the time fixed
for pronounciug sentence, and the jury*
was discharged from further duty.
The result of the trial was soon conveyed
to the aged mother of Bayles Van Horn,
when a most painful scene followed. Her
shrieks and moans could be heard for a
block distant, and every one within the
sound of her voice could not refrain from
expressing words of sympathy for the
poor old lady, who felt that her son was
innocent and that the jury could not do>
aught but acquit him.
There was no demonstration of impor
tance on the streets during the night, but
small gatherings of Long Ridge and Round
Valley men could be seen on every corner,
and it was expected that something to mar
the peace of the community would occur
before daylight. During this morning
peace and quietude reigned until about
10:30 o'clock, when a surprise was sprung
on Joe Gregory, Fred Radcliffe, Thomas
Haydon, John Vinton and Buck Lacock
by the Sheriff placing them under arrest
and putting them behind the prison bars,
with the exception of Buck Lacock, who is
still confined to his bed with bronchitis.
These five were charged with the murder
of Jack Littleheld. The preliminary ex
amination will probably be set for Mon
day moning.
The verdict of the jury gives general sat»*
isf action.
Ukiah Hreathrs More Freely.
UKIAH, Cal., May 21. — Citizens of
Ukiah are greatly relieved at the convic
tion of Van Horn and Crow for the mur
der of Jack Lit :ieiield, and consequently
feel grateful to The Call, which, with th»
Republican-Press of this city, was largely
instrumental in bringing the assassins to.
justice. The Call by Its expose rendered
great assistance to the honest residents ot
Northern Mendocino and Southern Trinity,
PORTLAND INDICTMENTS
United Grand Jury I. voicing Into th»
Landing of Chinese.
PORTLAND, Os., May 21.— The invest
tigation of the United States Grand Jury*
into the Illegal landing of Chinese in this
city promises to have sweeping results.
About sixteen indictments have been
voted UDon, and it is thought a lot of,
arrests will shortly follow. It is stated,,
that most of these bills against person*
for complicity in the work are against As
torians, and as the United States Marshal
left for Astoria secretly to-night it is cer
tain he has warrants for the arrest of some
of the conspirators.2
SUGGESTIVE OF
CLOSING DAYS
Conference Reports Received
and Acted On in the
Senate.
THAT DEEP-SEA HARBOR
No Agreement Yet Reached in
Reference to San Pedro and
Santa Monica.
BUTLEE'S BCKD RESOLUTION
It Causes an Exchange of Sharp
Language Between Allen
and Hill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21.— 1n
some respects the proceedings in the Sen
ate to-day were suggestive of the closing
days of a session. Conference reports
were being considered and acted upon dur
ing most of the day. Firs; came the river
and haroor bill, and after a short discus
sion the report w«s formally disagreed to
in order to have an item regarding Bruns
wick harbor, Ga., restored to the bill.
Later in the day the report was asain pre
sented with the Brunswick matter ar
ranged satisfactorily, but with the items
as to the deep-sea harbor in Southern Cal
ifornia still undisposed of in conference.
The report was agreed to as far as it went
and a new conference was ordered on the
San Pedro and Santa Monica question.
Frye (R.) of Maine occupied the chair
to-day as chairman pro tern.
The conference report on the river and
harbor bill was taken up, all the questions
between the two honses being settled in
conference, except the controversy be
tween San Pedro and Santa Monica for the
deep-sea harbor in Southern California
aud the harbor at Wilmington, Cal., on
which disagreements were reported.
Bacon (D.) of Georgia opposed the adop
tion of the conference report unless the
item as to the harbor at Brunswick, Ga.,
was restored to the bill. The conference
report was thereupon formally disagreed
to and a further conference ordered.
The conference report on the legislative,
executive and judicial appropriation bill
was taken up for consideration. It was
opposed by Platt(R.) of Connecticut and
Hill (D.) of New York on account of the
action taken in conference as to United
States Commissioners.
The conference report was defended by
Cullom (R.) of Illinois.
Finally the vote was taken and the con
ference report was disagreed to — ayes 26,
noes 33.
A partial conference report on the In
dian appropriation bill was presented and
agreed to, and a further conference was
ordered.
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina moved
that the Senate proceed to the considera
tion of the bill introduced by him on Jan
uary 30, "to prohibit the further issuance
of interest-bearing bonds without the con
sent of Congress."
Hill rose to make some suggestions ad
verse to the motion, but objection was
made by Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada, as the
motion was not debatable.
"Then I move that the Senate do now
adjourn," said Hill, "and I ask for the ayes j
and noes on that motion."
The vote was taken and the motion to
adjourn was rejected— ayes 13. noes 35.
A motion to proceed to executive busi
ness was then interposed by Chandler.
The vote on this motion was: Ayes 10,
noes 32.
No quorum having voted, the presiding
officer ordered that the roll be called.
Pending the call, however, unanimous
consent was given to Pettigrew (R.) of
South Carolina to present the conference
report on the Indian appropriation bill in
order to have it printed and taken up to
morrow.
Hill was prompt in seizing the advantage
which the reception of the report gave
him and he demanded the reading of the
report— a demand in which he was bus
tained by the presiding officer (Faulkner
of West Virginia).
Allen, after some general skirmishing,
alluded to the filibustering that, was going
on with the evident purpose of preventing
the taking up of Butler's bill. He was
quickly interrupted by Hill, who asked
the chair brusquely: "What is the ques
tion and who gives him the right to speak,
and gives it to no other Senator?"
"1 have a right to speak," Allen broke
in, "and I think I will do it, too. Others
have got rights here as well a3 you."
The presiding officer— l will state very
frankly that having ruled on the question,
there is nothing now before the Senate
except the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, to proceed to executive
business; and on that the Senator from
Nebraska has the floor, by unanimous
consent.
"Did he request it?" Hill asked.
"He did not," was the reply of the pre
siding officer. "He rose to a point of
order."
"Yes," said Allen, "and he is still stand
ing on his point of order."
"Well, it is a pretty slight support,''
said Hill contemptuously.
"The chair recognizes the Senator from
Nebraska," the presiding officer said.
"When did he request unanimous con
sent to speak?" Hill asked.
"The Senator from Nebraska," the chair
responded, "has not formally made the re
quest. The chair failed to call him to
order, and no Senator called him to order,
and therefore the chair assumed that the
Senator from Nebraska was speaking by
the unanimous consent of the Senate, and
the chair will so hold until the Senator
from Nebraska surrenders the floor."
"Then the point of order," Hill admitted,
"will not lie."
Allen went on to say that the violation
of the unanimous consent would not have
taken place if the bill had been introduced
by a Republican or a Democrat. It was
because the Senator from North Carolina
happened to be a member of the Populist
party, and because the bill was supposed
to be a Povuiist measure that unanimous
consent was violated.
"I am glad," Hill interposed, "to hear it
announced distinctly as a Populist meas
ure."
"\es, sir," said Allen, defiantly.
Butler rose to make a remark, but was
interrupted by Hill, who said he had no
objection to the Senator from Nebraska
continuing, but tbat he did cot believe
that both Senators should have the floor
at the same time.
Ailen said that he yielded to the Senator
from North Carolina for a question.
Butler alluded to Allen's remark that
the filibustering was aue to tbe fact tbat
he (Butler) was a Populist, and said that
the same filibustering would take place if
the bill had been introduced by a Demo
crat or by a Republican. The filibustering
took place because the bill was right.
"I think so, too," Allen chimed in.
"The filibustering is against a just meas
ure," Butler added.
Allen was making some additional re
marks when Hill broke in with, "Let them
have all the rope they want, Mr. Presi
dent."
"1 understand very well," said Allen,
severely, "that my talking would assist
the Senator from New York to kill time,
but I don't understand, and I never ex
pect to live to be old enough to under- 1
stand, how a distinguished Senator who j
occupies a chair in this chamber can feel
himself at liberty in a public manner to
violate openly a unanimous-consent agree
ment because a bill does not originate
with a member of his party."
"I desire to know," Hill asked, angrily,
"vvhethe-' the Senator intends to refer to
me when he speaks of violating a unani
mous-consent agreement?"
"What does the Senator want to know
for?" Allen inquired.
"Simply cu/iOsity," was the ironical re
ply.
"Mr. President," said Allen, in answer
to Hill's question, "I meant the Senator
from New York."
"Then I desire to say right here," Hill
responded wrathfully, "that the statement
is false. I have violated no unanimous
consent of the Senate; none whatever. I
have simply insisted on my rights, and I
have been sustained by the chair."
"I don't propose," Allen coolly re
marked, "to say that the Senator's state
ment is false, or anything of that kind;
but the Senator from New York never will
live long enough to convice me that his
conduct is honest in making the objec
tion."
"That may be," replied Hill, "and I
don't care to live long enough to convince
you. I stand upon my personal rights
and have violated no unanimous-consent
agreement."
What is the question before the Senate?"
Gray (D.) of Delaware asked.
"The reading of the conference report,"
was the an3wer of the presiding officer,
and he directed the clerk to proceed with
the reading.
After the conference report was read and
ordered printed the obstruction tactics
were continued by Hill and Chandler and
a haif dozen roll calls w*re had, the aver
age result being 12 to 34 on various dila
tory motions.
This course was interrupted, however,
in order to have the conference report on
the river and harbor bill again presented
and agreed to. It embraced an agreement
on the Brunswick (Ga.) appropriation, but
it left still open the question of the deep
sea harbor in Southern California, on
which a further conference was ordered.
It was also interrupted by messages from
the House with the immigration bill,
which was referred to the committee on
immigration and with the vetoed pension
bill, which was referred to the committee
on pensions.
Finally, when the Senate had grown
rather weary of the filibustering proceed
ings and when the Sergeant-at-Arms bad
been ordered to report the attendance of
absent members Butler moved an adjourn
ment, stating that he would move to take
up the prohibitory bond bill early to-mor
row, and the Senate at 6:25 adjourned
until to-morrow.
OVER THE PRESIDENT'S FETO.
Postage of the Bill Granting a Pension
to Franei* E. Hoover.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21.— 8y a
vote of 196 to 47 the House to-day passed
over the President's veto the bill granting
a pension of $50 a month to Francis E.
Hoover, late of the Twenty-third Indiana
Regiment of Volunteers. A debate of two
hours preceded the vote, Kirkpatrick (R.)
of Kansas, Wood (R.) of Illinois and
Willis (R.) of Delaware advocating the
passage of the bill and Erdman (D.) of
Pennsylvania, Loud (R.) of California and
Bartlett (D.) of New York in favor of sus
taining the veto. All the Populists and
Republicans generally voted for the bill,
aud the Democrats against it. The follow
ing Republicans, however, voted to sus
tain the veto: Loud of California, Raney
of Missouri, Quijrgand Wadsworth of New
York, and the following Democrats to pass
the bill: Cockrell of Texas, Cummings of
New York, Layton and Sorg of Ohio and
Stokes, Strait and Talbert of South Caro
lina.
This was preceaed by a half hour's state
ment by Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio regarding
a telegram from Washington to the Cin
cinnati Tribune, which "lined Lim up
with the Reed men," in voting to oppose
the reporting of any reciprocity bill from
the Committee on Ways and Means. Pass
ing by the "lining up with the Reed men"
by the observation that he might be found
in worse company, Grosvenor denied the
deport that there were army factions
among the Republicans on the Committee
on Ways and Means, asserting that they
had acted as a unit upon all matters.
Consideration was begun of the Phillips
labor-commission bill under the special
order agreed to yesterday, and its pas
sage was advocated by Phillips (R.) of
Pennsylvania and Low (R.) of New York.
The time for its discussion was extended
until 4 o'clock to-morrow.
A resolution was agreed to directing the
printing of 10,000 copies of the immigra
tion bill passed yesterday. At 5:10 p. m.
the House adjourned until to-morrow.
NO PENSION FOR HER
Why Cleveland Vetoed the Bill Granting
Relief to Lydia A. Taft.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21.-Pre«i
-dent Cleveland returned to the House yes
terday, without his signature, a bill grant
ing a pension to Lyaia A. Taft. He ex
plained that Taft served as a private in a
Connecticut regiment for a period of
nearly three years. No application for a
pension was made by him, although he
Jived until 1891, when he died in a Con
necticut Soldiers' Home.
"No suggestion," the President states,
"is made that he incurred any disability
in the service or that his death was in any
manner related to such service.''
In 1882, nearly twenty-four years after
her marriage to Taft, and seventeen years
after his discharge from the army, she ob
tained a divorce from him, upon the
ground of his habitual drunkenness and
failure to support her.
The message continues: "It is now
proposed, five years after the soldier's
death to pension the widow, the wife who
was divorced from him at her own hn
stance, fourteen years ago; who voluntar
ily renounced a wife's relation with all its
duties and all its riehts, and who, by her
own act, placed herself beyond the possi
bility of becoming the widow of her sol
dier husband."
♦
Treasury Gold Retervc.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21. — The
Treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood $117,873,50 L The day's
withdrawals were $45,200.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
PRESBYTERIANS
ARE ASSEMBLED
Opening Session of the Rep
resentatives of the
Church.
SERMON OF DR. BOOTH.
Proposes a Method of Bringing
All Doctrinal Troubles to
an End.
BROTHEBLY LOVE IS TJEGED.
John L. Withrow of Chicago Elected
Moderator and Presented With
a Historic Gavel.
SARATOGA, N. V., May 21.-The onc
hundred-and-eighth General Assembly of
the Presbyterian Church in the United
States of America opened its sessions here
to-day in the First Presbyterian Church
with the usual sermon from the retiring
moderator. Nearly 700 commissioners,
half ministers and half elders, occupied
seats on the floor of the auditorium, and
as many more ladies and visitors were
crowded upon the floor of the auditorium.
The service, according to the book of dis
cipline of the Presbyterian Church, began
promptly at 11 o'clock.
Dr. Booth's sermon occupied more than
an hour in the delivery. Dr. Booth up
held in eloquent words the theological
system of the church, the much-abused
Westminster confession. He also extolled
the system of government of the Presby
terian church and its methods of evan
gelization.
Dr. Booth proposed a method of bring
ing tne doctrinal troubles of the church
to an end. He pleaded for arbitration, for
brotherly confidence, for mutual conces
sions, for an amicable adjustment of diffi
culties whereby the contentions in the
church over doctrines, over Biblical inter
pretation and over theological standards
might be settled.
Promptly at 3 o'clock the General As
sembly was formally constituted by States
Clerk Roberts, Moderator Booth being in
the chair, and the business of the sessions
began.
The first attention was given to the elec
tion of moderator, and nominations for
that ofiice were declared to be in order.
Rev. Dr. Thomas H. Clellana of Duluth
presented the name of Francis C. Monfort
of Cincinnati.
Rev. Dr. William H. Hubbard of Au
burn, N. V., nominated David R. Breed
of Pittsburg.
Rev. John R. Davies of New York placed
i in nomination the name of John L. With
i row of Chicago.
The nominations were then declared
closed. The vote for moderator was as
, follows: Monfort 84, Breed 162, Withrow
315.
After the customary exchange of greet
ings the new moderator called for the re
port of the local committee of arrange
ments.
A gavel made of wood taken from the
field of Burgoyne's surrender was pre
sented to the moderator as coming from
the local chapter of the Daughters of the
American Revolution. A customary tem
porary organization was then perfected
and the assembly adjourned.
To-night the sacrament of the Lord's
Supper was administered in the church to
all commissioners.
AT OTHER ASSEMBLIES.
Rev. A. W. Hawkins Elected Moderator
of the Cumberland Presbyterians.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., May 21.— The
sixty-sixth General Assembly of the Cum
berland Presbyterian Church was formally
opened in this city this morning. The 200
delegates came from all sections of the
United States. The assemby represents a
membership of 200,000. At the morning
session Dr. M. E. Dewitt, the moderator,
preached an ardent missionary sermon.
At the afternoon session the selection of
officers was made. Rev. A. W. Hawkins of
Decatur, 111., Rev. H. 0. Bird of Union
town, Pa., and Rev. J. M. Halsell of Hous
ton, Tex., being nominated for moderator.
The vote resulted : Halsell 35, Bird 57,
Hawkins 101. Rev. J. M. Hubbert was
elected State clerk over Rev. 11. W. Hink
ley.
MEMPHIS. Ten.w, May 21.— The South
ern Presbyterian General Assembly was
opened this morning in the First Presby
terian Church by a sermon from the retir
ing moderator, Dr. Hemphill of Louis
ville. At the conclusion of his sermon the
General Assembly was declared open.
MEETING OF BAPTISTS.
liutii.rKß lw-jorr thy. VuhHttUxnrf and
American Historical BoeietieTi
ASBURY PARK, N. J., May 21.— A
steady rain this morning did not dampen
the ardor of the Bapti3ts who are here, to
the number of 2000 or more, and the audi
torium was comfortably filled when Presi
dent Crozier called the assembly of the
Baptist Publication Society to order. Pro
fessor H. C. Vedder of Pennsylvania,
chairman of the committee on publishing
department, made the opening address,
and read the report of his committee. He
was followed by the Rev. W. H. Geist
weit of Minnesota, who reported for the
committee on missionary department.
Ex-Senator Doolittle of Wisconsin urged
the publication of a work on the United
States of America in the light of prophecy
as well as history. The Senator's proposi
tion aroused opposition and was voted
down.
George F. Stevens of Cincinnati said that
a large proportion of the receipts of the
publication society was from sales of pub
lications from other houses. This caused
a breeze and was denied from the plat
form. Mr. Stevens went on to say that
the 800,000 Baptists of the North buy few
of the books published by the society and
read less.
H. S. Hopper reported for the finance
committeo that fully $200,000 will be
needed in order to carry on the work as
planned for coming year.
The financial report showed that the
total Bales of the book department for the
year ending March 1, were 598,590, and the
total receipts from all sources, $579,501. The
balance in the treasury was $5701. The
total assets are given as $1,023,191; lia
bilities, $53, 350"; net assets, $964,835.
At 4 o'clock the Publication Society gave
way to the American Historical Society.
Dr. Lemuel Moss of New Jersey presided.
The old officers were elected. Rev. Dr.
Phillip L. Jones of Pennsylvania delivered
the annual address, "An Impelled Renais
sance," as hi 3 text, and at 5:30 o'clock ad
journment was taken.
Fully 3000 people were present in the au
ditorium in the evening.
PROSPECT OF WINIER WHEAT
Report* Show a favorable Outlook in
Several States.
TOLEDO, Ohio, May 21.— Daring the
past three days the grain firm of C. A.
King & Co. has received 3436 crop reports
from grain-dealers and millers. Present
prospects for winter wheat are very favor
abie in Kansas and most of Michigan.
Missouri and Illinois have fair prospects.
Indiana is growing worse, and promises
less than three-quarters of an average
crop, owing mostly to the Hessian fly,
which is also doing harm in some sections
of Michigan. Ohio continues a trifle more
than half a crop. Eicht hundred and four
of the reports say the prospect now is ex
cellent; 756 for an average crop; 247 a trifle
beiow an average; 405 three-quarters of a
crop, 478 two-thirds, and 1108 half a crop.
Five hundred and ninety say less than
half a crop, and come mostly from Ohio
and Indiana. Prospect averages a trifle
worse than two weeks ago. Recent rains
have beun beneficial, but some sections
still compiain of drought.
Kansas and Missouri show a slight im
provement. Kansas suffered a little from
hot winds and hail. Missouri reports
some chinch bugs. Illinois and Ohio
show no material change. Illinois has
numerous chinch bugs, but the outlobk
otherwise is very favorable. Indiana has
suffered materially from the Hessian fly
and drought. Ohio has had very little in
sect damage. Michigan reported an ex
cellent prospect until a few days ago when
some sections say Hessian fly has caused
material damage. The harvest promises
to average about ten days earlier than
last year, judging from the present out
look.
METHODIST CONFERENCE.
The Election of Secretaries of the
Board of Church Ex
tension.
Cities That Will in Future Be Favored
by the Episcopal Resi
dence.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 21.— Bishop
Morrell presided at to-day's session of the
Methodist Episcopal General Conference.
A. J. Kynett and W. A. Spencer were
elected secretaries of the board of church
extension on the first ballot. Rev. Dr. W.
T. Smith of Dcs Moines was elected third
secretary of the Missionary Society on the
sixth ballot.
The question of foreign episcopal resi
dences came up on the motion to substi
tute Shanghai for Philadelphia. Many
speeches were made on both sides. The
substitute was tabled. This question of
foreign episcopal residences is an impor
tant one, and will receive due attention at
the hands of the conference in a day or
two. *
The following is a list of cities tbat will
have Episcopal residences: Boston, New
York, Buffalo, Philadelphia, Washington,
D. C., Chattanooga, New Orleans or Fort
Worth, Cincinnati, Detroit, Chicago, St.
Louis, Topeka, Minneapolis, Denver, San
Francisco or Los Angeles.
During the debate on the foreign episco
pate Eiji Arada, lay delegate from Japan,
made an earnest appeal for a bishop in
Japan or China. He said that the church
needed a bishop in order to help progress
in those countries.
J. W. Hamilton and J. C. Hartsell were
re-elected secretaries of the Freedmen's
and Southern Educational Society on the
first ballot.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE LAWS.
Protest Against a Proposed Change by
Amending a flection.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21.— The
Vice-President this afternoon laid before
the Senate the resolutions of the eighth
annual convention of Railroad Commis
sioners, held in this city May 19 and 20.
The Commissioners protest against the
change proposed to be made in the inter
state commerce act by amending section
10 so as to eliminate imprisonment and
provide punishment by fine only, as pro
vided in a bill now pending in Congress.
This section has only been given force and
effect within a recent period by a Supreme
Court decision, and the resolution asserts
tbat it is better to give it a fair trial be
fore changing its provisions.
Discrimination in rates is, the memorial
asserts, a crime for which the railroad offi
cial and shipper should receive the sever
est puuishment known to the law. It is
the opinion of the memorialists that if
experience shows the law as now framed
to be ineffective and inoperative, greater
and severer penalties should attach to its
violation. Ft this reason the memorial
ists state that they are opposed to any
amendments to the interstate commerce
law until it be so amended as a whole that
under the light of the recent decisions the
rights and interests of the people in gen
eral are properly safeguarded under it,
the duties and responsibilities of the car
riers are carefully fixed and defined in it,
and the power and authority of the Inter
state Commerce Commission are properly
established by it.
AS TO THE NORTHERN PACIFIC.
Proposed Change* in the Bill to Facili
tate Jtcorganization.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21.-The
sub-committee of the Houae Judiciary
Committee, to which was referred the
Hartman joint resolution to facilitate the
reorganization ol the Northern Pacific
Company, will probably complete their
discussion of the measure at to-morrow's
meeting. The sentiment developed at to
day's meeting was unfavorable to the pro
visions which exempt from sale mineral
and timber lands. The committee feels
that the company may properly retain
any coal mines now In operation by it
where the output is used by the corpora
tion, but it is not disposed to extend the
exemption further. If the debate to-day
be taken as an indication of the commit
tee s temper this change will be made in
the resolution when it is reported to the
full committee, as will probably be the
case within the next few days. Beyond
this the other changes, it is thought, will
not be material.
For Uniform Freight Rate*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21.— The
Senate Committee on Interstate Com
merce to-day ordered a favorable report on
the bill indorsed by the National Board of
Trade, providing for a uniform classifica
tion of freight. The classifications estab
lished by the Interstate Commerce Com
mission are to be obligatory upon roads en
gaged in interstate commerce and failure
to observe them is made punishable under
the tenth section of the interstate com
merce act.
Internal Jievenue Receipt*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 21.—Inter
nal revenue receipts for the past ten
months aggregated $121,660,370, an in
crease over the like period of 1895 of $1,
-008,196. As compared witn the ten months
of 1895, receipts from spirits show a de
crease of $1,690,302; tobacco, an increase of
$l,151,l2(i; fermented liquors, an increase
of $2,207,287; oleomargarine, a decrease of
>194,0iH4, and miscellaneous, a decrease of
RACING UNDER
LOWERING SKIES.
An Immense Crowd Turns
Out at Oakley to See
the Derby.
PRINCE LIEF VICTORIOUS
Guided by Perkins He Runs
Away From Ben Eder
and Ben Brush.
IS FIRST BY TWO LENGTHS.
Henry of Navarre Signalizes His First
Appearance by Winning at
Morris Park.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, May 21.
Despite the lowering skies an immense
crowd was out to see the inaugural Oak
ley Derby decided. The track was good.
The horses were at the post but a few
moments when Pettinpill dropped the flag
to a beautiful start, with Prince Lief in
the lead, Parson second and Loki third,
with Ben Brush ana Ben Kder close up.
Ben Eder moved up as they passed the
stand and led by a head. At the quarter
Ben Eder led by a neck, with Prince Lief
second and Loki third, a head in front of
Ben Brush. Before the half was reached
Prince Lief was leading by h;ilf a length,
Eder second and Brush third. At the
three-quarters the order was the same, and
at the mile Prince Lief, Eder and Brush
were closely bunched.
Coming down the stretch Perkins gave
his mount a shaking up and he drew away
and went under the wire two lengths in
front of Ben Eder, with Ben Brush half a
length behind. It was the Prince's race
all the way.
M. F. Dwyer purchased Suisnn from
John Madden this morning. The price
was $12,500.
Four and a half furlonga, Suisun won, Lady
Rover second, Miss McLaughlin third. Time,
5«Ji.
Six furlongs, Harry Reed won. Sir Play sec
ond, Galon dOr third. Time, l:14> a .
Five furlongs, Red won, Olympus second,
Oak Leaf third. Time, 1 :03H-
The Oakley Derby, value $12,500, mile and
a quarter, Prince Lief, 117 (Perkins), 2 to 1,
won; Ben Eder, 122 (t-eherrer), 11 to 20, sec
ond; Ben Brush, 122 (Simms), 11 to 20, third.
Time, 2:oß}£. Loki and Parson also ran.
One mile! selling, Caesarian won, The Winner
second, Aimee third. Time, 1:42} 4 \
Six furlongs, Chicot won. Miss francis sec
ond, Oracle tnird. Time, 1:1ft 1 j.
MORRIS PARK RACE TRACK, N. V.,
May 21. — Owing to a rainstorm which pre
vailed in this vicinity to-day, the track
was sloppy and the attendance was small.
Henry of Navarre signalized his first ap
pearance in a raco this season by carrying
off the honors in the third race for the
three-year-ul'is.
Six and a half furlongs, Hanwell won, Do
mingo second, Runaway third. Time, 1 :23.
Half a mile, Rhodesia won, Lady Louise
second, Athy third. Time, :49.
One mile, Henry of Navarre won, Mingo II
second, Veutanuo third. Time, 1:44.
Baychester stakes, one mile, Shakespeare II
won, Volley second, Carib third. Time, 1:45?^.
One mile. One I Love won, Brilliancy second,
Intermission third. Time, 1:47.
One and three-sixteenths miles, Deerslayer
won, Charade second, Marshall third. Time,
2:O3J^.
CHICAGO, 111., May 21.— The tracs at
Lakeside to-day was too heavy for the
favorites to plow through, and under the
circumstances only one pulled off an
event:
Five and a half furlongs, Bob Lee won, Ra
mona second, Terra Archer third. Time,
1 :18^.
Four and a half furlongs, Provident won,
Thomas Paine second, Golden Rod third.
Time, 1 :04.
Six furlongs, Waterman won, Big Strike sec
ond, Social Smith third. Time, 1:96.
Six furlongs, Dejure won. Hinda second, Roy
Lochiel third. Time, 1 :"-">}-^.
Five lurlongs, Miss Kitty won, Warren Point
second, Connemara third. Time, 1:10.
Six furlongs. La Verne won, London Smoke
second, Proverb third. Time, 1:27.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 21.— The track
was a decided improvement over yester
day, although still a trifle heavy. Favor
ites were at a disadvantage, but two
winning. Broadhead, a second choice,
won the third race. Ttie other winners
were outsiders. Weather fine. Attend
ance, 3500.
Six fnrlongß, Bwifty won, Hush second, Joe
O'Sot third. Time, 1:20.
Four and a half furlongs. Jack B won, Dare
II pecond, Gleny third. Time 1 :00^.
Six furlongs, Broadhead won, Denver second,
Albert S third. Time, 1 :20.
Seven furlong?, Salvable won, Crevasse sec
ond, Battledore third. Time, 1 :34^.
Six furlongs, Braw Scot won, Johnnie Me-
Hale seuond, Ashland third. T.rue, 1:19.' s .
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Timely Hitting by Cleveland Win* the
Game 2rom Boston.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 21.— Timely
hitting by Cleveland won to-day's game.
Young had the Bostons at bis mercy at
every stage of the game. Score:
Cleveland* 20100 010 o—4 10 2
Boston* 010000000—1 6 1
Batteries— Young and Zlmmer; Nichols and
Bergen. Umpire — Weidmand.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, May 21.— The Reds
bunched their hits in the sixth inning or
to-day's game and Won their seventh con
secutive game. Both teams fielded bril
liantly. Score:
Cincinnati! 0000 04 0 0 *-A 6 1
NewYorka, 020000100—2 8 0
Batteries— Foreman and ivitz; Doheny and
Wilson. Umpire Keefe.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 21. — Balti
more was shut out to-day in one of tho
greatest pitchers' battles ever fought on
the Louisville grounds. Score :
Loulivillet 0000001 0 *-l 4 2
Baltimores 000000000-0 '2 1
Batteries— Me Dermott and Miller, McMuhon and
Robinson. Umpire— Hurst.
CHICAGO, 111., May 21.— The Senators
to-day gave the Colts a bad beating, the
third they have had this week. The field
ing was miserable on both sides. Score:
Chicago* 000001032—6 11 6
Waahlnstoas. 00 1140 5 10—12 12 6
Batteries— Griffith and Kltcridge; Mercer and
McOulre. Umpire— Sheridan.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. May 21.— McGill was
wild in the first inning to-day and three
bases on balls and two Bingles ended in
four runs. Score:
Plttsbuixs 40002000 *-6 6 2
Pnlladelphias 0001 0a O 2 o— B 10 4
Battprles— Killen and Sajcden, JJcUill and Boyle.
Umpire— Kmslle.
A Great Race Mare Killed.
LEXINGTON, Ky., May 21.— The great
race mare Yo Tarubien was killed at Mc-
Grithiana farm, near here, last evening
while romping in the paddock with W. H.
Laudeman's Hessie. She became fright
ened and ran against a fence, breaking a
rail and running a large splinter into her
abdomen near the fourth rib, causing
death within fifteen minutes.
TO MUCH FOR IVES.
Gamier With Hi* Big Handicap Win*
the Hilliard Game.
CHICAGO, 111., May 21.— Albert Gar
nier's handicap of 200 points again proved
too much for Frank Ives in the billiard
match to-night between those players.
The score stood 300 to 477 at the end of
the Belgian's twenty-fifth inning and the
winner evidently earned a popular victory
judging by the appjanse. The game was
distinguished for ives' brilliant runs of
103 with the first chance at the balls and
95 in the fifth inning, retiring Schaefer's
former high run of 96 to second place. The
game was excitingly close toward the
hnish. Score:
Gamier 0, 8, 4, 8, 12, 11, 13, 49. 1, 12, 4, 0,
34, 5. 26. 10. 14, 17, 5. 44, 5, 0. 4, 12, 2. Total
300; hi-rh run 49; average 12.
Ives 103, 11, 1. 31, 95, 0, 35, 37, 6. 6, 13, 6,
6, 2, 1, 17, 4. 14, 23, 4, 1, 0. 54. 7.« Total 477;
high run 103; average 19 22-24.
WON BY THE SATANITE
JTad So Trouble in Defeating the Bri-
tannia and Ailsa.
LONDON, Ekg., May 21.— A representa
tive of the United Press telegraphs from
Gravesend that in the yacht races of the
new Thames Yacht Club to-day the Sata
nita, without any bilge and with nearly
two tons less keel than she had in the
Mediterranean, made common barges of
the Britannia and the Ailsa in the race
over the fifty-mile course.
Though the oatanita is ten feet lonper
than the Britannia by the British rule,
both vessels are virtually the same. The
Satanita was sailed badly on the side, but
she went like a torpedo-catcher. The
Aiisa had her main sail reefed, but the
others carried full sail and all had jib
headed top sails hoisted.
In the free reach of twenty miles the
Satanita beat t tie Britannia and the Ailsa
nearly twenty minutes, and in going be
fore the wind coming back she douDled
her lead.
The Niagara's altered depth has lessened
her stability. The Niagara got a bad
start and had to recross the line, yet she
led at the half distance.
The Satanita won tbe race for the large
raters, Britannia second and Ailsa third.
In the race for the small raters the Niag
ara was beaten by Frank Jameson's new
yacht, the Saint.
NO CHARGES PREFERRED
Why the Committee of the Mis
sionary Boards Saw the
President.
Minister Terrell's Name Mentioned
Kindly, but a Greater Diplomat Is
Desired for Turkey.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 21.— William
E. Dodge, one of the committee of the mis
sionary boards who had a conference last
Friday with President Cleveland, at which
it was said certain charges were preferred
against United States Minister Terrell,
accusing him of misrepresenting this Gov
ernment in Constantinople, was seen to
day by a representative of the United
Press, to whom he explained the errand of
the committee to Washington. He said:
"A committee of gentlemen interested
in the work of American missionaries in
Turkey went to Washington last week to
confer with the President and the State
Department in regard to the position and
work of missionaries and American socie
ties in Turkey, and to talk over the treaty
rights on the subject. The Rev. Henry G.
Dwight, who is thoroughly conversant
with these affairs, was invited to accom
pany us, and the President asked Minister
Terrell to be present at the conference.
Simply an informal talk was liad upon
these questions, and no conclusions w. re
reached. Minister Terrell's name was
mentioned but once, in the kindliest way
and in warm words of praise.
"The Rev. Mr. Dwight told of the good
work Mr. Terrell had done for this Gov
ernment in the Sultan's domain, and (s
-pecially praised him for the beneficial aid
he had afforded American missionaries iv
Turkey. Not an unkind word was spoken
of Mr. Terrell.
"During an incidental conversation
about the Turkish court ii was suggested
by some one that, in view of the peculiar
condition of affairs in that country, it
might be well in future to select one of our
most thoroughly trained diplomats for the
post. From this remanc may have arisen
the story concerning the charges. There
was no intention to disparage Mr. Terrell's
work as Minister to Turkey and the sug
gestion was made in a friendly spirit."
Dr. Jusiah Strong, also one of the com
mittee who saw. the President on this oc
casion, was present during the interview
with Mr. Dodge and acquiesced in the lat
ter's statement.
THICK OF A HOTEL KEEPER.
During a Dispute He Threw Out a Valise
and Valuable Gems Were Spilled
and Stolen.
DENVER, Colo., May 21.— Last Tues
day night Professor Paul Ricker and wife
of Olympia, Wash., arrived in this city
and registered at the Grand Central Ho
tel, near the depot. On the following day
in settling the bill a dispute occurred and
the proprietor became enraged to such an
extent that he snatched a small satchel
belonging to Mrs. Ricker and attempted
to throw it over the counter. It flew out
the door instead and broke open on the
sidewalk, scattering the contents over the
pavement. In the Batchel Mrs. Bicker
states were jewels and money to a value
exceeding $2000 and nothing of value was
recovered, some one whom Ricker thinks
was a confederate of the hotel man having
escaped with the property. Thia afternoon
W. M. Van Horn, the proprietor, was ar
rested upon a charge of grand larceny.
Professor Ricker was formerly Assistant
State Geologist of California.
FATAL FLAMES FROM A GAS STOVE
A Young Woman Receive* Mortal Burnt
While Ironing.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 21.— Tillie
Loch. 19 years old, on a visit to thia city
from Chicago, was burned to death here
yesterday at the residence of her sister,
Mrs. Ernest Scotte. The two women had
been ironing. In taking an iron off a gas
stove the girl's dress caught fire. She ran
hither and thither until she finally fell un
conscious on a neighbor's fire-escape. Her
clothing was still burning and a woman
ran up through the house, threw a rug
around her and saved her from Instant
death. She died at 8:30 o'clock. Mias
Loch's sister, Mrs. Scott, was burned about
the arms in trying to aid her.
MURDERER HEMPHILL`S DANGER.
Spirited Ausny From an lou-a Town to
Avoid Angry Farmers.
OTTOMWA, lowa, May 21.— The pre
liminary trial of Ned Hemphill for the
murder of Mattie Peterson, which was to
have been held at Unionville to-day, was
postponed because of the large number of
farmers in town who, it was understood,
would attempt to lynch him. The officers
spirited the prisoner away and got him
back to the Centerville Jail safely. The
attorneys waived examination for him.
The revolver which it is supposed was
used to kill the girl was found in the cel
lar of Hemphill's house to-day.
Bryan it ins the Suit.
LINCOLN, Nebb., May 21.—Ex-Con
gressuian Bryaa to-day won his suit in the.
District Court enjoining the city from
issuing over $50-0,000 in gold refunding
bondsf Mr. Bryan did not question the
legality of the" bonds except so far as the
gold provision was concerned, ne main
taining that coin bonds were sufficient.
Jud^e Holmes sustained this view in so^
far as it referred to payment in gold, and
made the injunction perpetual. The case
may be appealed.
PLACED IN THE ELKS' REST.
Interment of the Jtetnain* of Colonel
John A. Cocleerill.
ST. LOUIS, Mo. ; May 21.— This after
noon the mortal remains of the late John
A. Cockerill were laid to rest in the Elks'
Rest, in Bellefontaine Cemetery. The
funeral services were neld in the Church
of the Messiah, Rev. Dr. John Snyder
officiatine. The floral tributes were pro
fuse and beautiful and filled the entire
space within the chancel Tails.
At the grave Congressman Charles F.
Joy delivered a eulogy and the ritualistic
services for the dead were performed by
the local Elks' lodge.
NEW TO-DAY.
Vhat Sdeal
2/ouny //(an
Jf Jf Ss a faultless dresser.
A «rC ne SRiff Jfearny-St.
/£ g^ Store dresses him,
\\\ L 0 czj I V
r 1
I/K W
Some remarkably clever ffilua
| Cheviot Suits, right swell suits,
for youny men between the ayes
j of 14 and 19 years.
Special Friday
and Saturday at
Our 3siy
JVat department
Shows some very clever J*i£ats
for these ideal youny men.
Z/Xaphael 's
(incorporated),
TJh c Frisco 3} oy s,
9, 11, 13, IS JCearny Street.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford ■:■" Unsurpassed,"
$40, $50, $60, $75.
PlKenlx "Stands the Racket"
$100.
The guarantee of the Crawford same as that
given with $100 wheels. .>-.:-
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent.
1510 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF. . '
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths,
800 suites. 2 to 1 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from btuiwxs and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Kiver»
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L T ' to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and moet liberally managed hotel
& NeVYorV/ W. JOHNSON QDINN, Mgr.
WM. NOBLB, Propr.
nniICUEC FOR barbers, BAK-
nKImHca m bootblacks. bath-
miUVllliW houses, billiard - tables.
brewers, bookbinders, makers, « canners.
dyers, flourmilla, foundries, laundries, paper-
hungers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men, tar-roofprs, tanners, tailors, etc ■
„ •„ BUCHANAN BKOS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament o 36«
Wriifs Man Yeptaliln Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
BICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples. and
purify the blood.
Grossman'sSDßGific Mixture
ith this remedy persons can cure themselves ■
without the least exposure, ; change of diet, or
change In application to business. The mediclna
contains nothing that is of the least injury to tha
constitution. Ask your druggist lor it. Price *4 »BURIED BENEATH
FALLING WALLS
Two Persons Killed and
Many Injured by a
Building's Fall.
NO CHANCE TO ESCAPE.
Without a Moment's Warning a
Score Are Buried by the
Crumbling Rums.
SOME MIRACULOUSLY SURVIVE.
Disaster Follows an Attempt to Patch
Up an, Old Brick Structure
at Buffalo.
BUFFALO. N. V.. May 21.— A section
of the Seneca-street front of Brown's build
inr coliapsed at 9:20 o'clock this morning,
burying a score of people in the mint.
George Metz, a barber, and Jennie Griffith,
cashier in the barber shop, are dead; Wil
liam F. Btraub, a contracted is known to
be in the ruins, and a dozen oThers are
more or less injured, one of whom will
probably die.
Those at the hospital are: Jacob Lang
don, barber, scalp torn and body contused;
William Alexander, steam-titter, scalp
wounds and body bruised; Jacob Rick
man, barber, bruised about the body and
head ; L. S. Hawke, carpenter, skull frac
tured, may die; James Adams, mason, 12
Chandler street, scalp wounds and injured
hip; Michael O'Brien, carpenter, wrenched
back and scalp wounds; Joseph Bullard,
plasterer, injured internally ; Edward Mur
phy, plasterer, injured internally, right
arm injured; Fritz Formal, German la
borer, body bruised.
Brown's building stood on the corner of
and Seneca streets, and for years the
Western Union Telegraph Company had
occupied the ground floor corner as a busi
ness office and all of the fourth floor as an
room. The buiMing was filled
s, many of which were occupied,
and on the ground floor on both Main and
Seneca str ets were stores occupied by
.TH-.
Western Union left the building a
few weeks ago and the owners of the block
began the work of remodeling and
thening it. On the Seneca-street
" orkmen were engaged in putting in
aen columns and beams and new
for them.
Nos. 8 and 10 Seneca street were un
occupied, the principal alterations being
made at tnat point. No. 12 was occupied as
er-ahoo by George Sienert. and 14 by !
James Clegg-' jewelry-store and Thomas j
news stand. The offices on the !
rs above were nearly all tenanted, and j
:her ttere were probably fifty people ■
in the col/apsed section. The walls fell
- -'... talfhg doTrn roof and ceiling ;
with them.
Iron columns were twisted aB though \
were soft wires. Pillars of brick
crumbled to piece*, not strong enough to
re<=ift the strength of the weight that had
fallen upon them. Here and there could
be seen people who bad not been caught
in tiie failing debris, rushing to a place of
safety. The outer wall fell into the street,
g (hose who had not had time to es
cape. A cloud of dust arose from the de
ciding the ruins from sight and cov
ering the people in the street.
The Fire Department was called, and,
with the police and workmen who came
ng to the fallen building, the work of
rescue was begun. Some of the people
who had been in the bu:iding were saved
almost miraculously, having been penned
in by the falling timbers and walls. They
were taken out as speedily as possible and
given surgical attention.
In Sienert's barber-shop were nine bar- '
ber;, the girl cashier and several custom
ers. When the crash came all made a
rush for the front door, but the falling ■
bricks drove them to the rear, where an j
ft. ley leads to Washington street. Those I
Bt rushed in»o the alley, only to be
;•• the falling rear walls, under which j
Metz was buried and killed. The others
crouched in a corner of the shop until tne
avalanche ceased, when they made their
way out. The cashier had her desk in the j
front of the shop behind a wire caze. She
was unable to get out of it in time to join
the others, and perished beneath the fall- \
ing wr.
The experience of the occupants of No.
14 was somewhat similar to those in the
barber-shop, but all escaped without in-
In Nos. 5 and 10 were probably
twenty workmen, including steam-titters,
ironworkers, carpenters and plasterers,
and it was here that the crash was greatest
Nearly all of the men were caught in the
falling walls and floors and buried in the
ruins. The tenants on the upper floors
had many narrow escapes, bnt so far as
known all of them succeeded in making
their escape.
A search for the missing began, and the
ruins were worked over in the hope of find
ing the bodies of Contractor Straub and
Jennie Griffith, who were known to be
somewhere among the mass of wfreckace.
• y before 6 o'clock the body of Miss
Griffith was found and removed to the
ir-or^'ue. Straub's body has not yet been
found.
The Commissioners of Public Works will
make a thorough investigation of the acci
dent.
JArA XBB NAVAL STUDENTS
A'J'" Xouiig .\obletn*n to Be bent to
AnnapoliM.
NKW YnRK. N. V.. May 21.— A Herald
I from Washington says: An at
tache of the American legation at Tokio
writes tbat tbe Japanese Minister of
Marine by the command of the Emperor
will soon formally prefer a request for tbe
admission of eight young noblemen to the
United Btatet Naval Academy. Among
the proposed students will be a son of
Field Marshal General Count Yamagata,
commanding the imierial array of Japan:
a son of Vice-Admiral Ito, who was gradu
ated in the ciass of I*-T2 at the United
States Naval Academy, and a nephew of
the Emperor.
Eleven Japanese officers have been grad
dated at Annapolis. Vice-Admiral I;o, who j
distinguished him?e!f at Yalu last Sep- !
lember, and Rear- Admiral >lat.<hushima, !
head of the Imperial Naval Ordnance De- :
part nient, and on & of the best mathema
- that Annapolis ever turned out,
were so graduated.
All of them hold high positions at home
and are among the most accomplished of
'he Mikado's officers. It is the policy of
the Japanese Emperor to •ducate his ofli
cers of the army at St. Cyr, the first mili
tary school in Europe, and his naval
oflicers in America.
■•The Japanese cadets,'" says Captain
Sampson, "are unusually brigut, excelling
in ordnance and mathematics. They are
very gentlemanly and acquire knowledge
very rapidly. \\ v hen you remember that
within a year of their arrival they have
acquired our language sufficiently to be
abie to understand technical works writ
ten in it and can recite from t ese works
it will be readily perceived that they must
be of no ordinary capacity."
At the Sf-cretary's office it was stated
that while the formal request for these
gentlemen's admission had not been re
ceived, the department has had an intima
tion of its coming from our Minister, and
it will be readily granted.
SHIP ON FIRE.
The Horsa Puts Into Southport. N. C. After
a Thrilling Experience— The
Master Lost.
WILMINGTON, N. C. May 2L-The
•British ship Horsa, with a cargo of pine
appies and bananas, from Jamaica May
13. bound to New York, arrived to-day at
Southport in distress, having been on fire.
It is completely gutted from stem to amid
ships.
Captain Mclntosh, who brought tbe ves
sel into Southport, reports that on the 18th
inst. Captain Cook, the master, was missed
between 3 and 4 o'clock in the morning
and it is supposed he fell overboard.
Captain Mclntosh. who was first mate,
says the Horsa left Port Morant, Jamaica,
on the 13th inst. with a full cargo and
crew of twenty men. A. 6 p. m. on the
16th a cry of fire was raised.
All hands were mustered and went to
work to extinguish the flames, but after
an hour and a half's work the heat was
Where John Hays Hammond and the Other Convicted Members of the Reform Committee of
Johannesburg Are to Pass the Next Fifteen Years, If Their Lives Are Spared That
Lengrth of Time.
[From a tketch made by J. A. Ifarrinyton teeeral year* aince]
unoearabie on deck, and Captain Cook or
dered all hands to the boats.
The crew lay by until 6 a. m. on tbe 17th,
when the inflammable part of the ship had
been consumed. All hand* were ordered
on board again, and after hard work suc
ceeded in extinguishing the fire and she
was brought into Southport.
When asked about the Horse's last ex
pedition to Cuba, Captain Mclntoih re
fused to talk.
RISE OF THE MISSOURI
Serious Floods Are Threatened
in the Vicinity of St.
Louis.
Northern Minnesota Is Also Under
Water and Prairies Are Turned
Into Lakes.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 21.— The rain
which has fallen almost steadily through
out Missouri since last Sunday continues,
and great anxiety is felt for the safety of
the people living along the bottom lands
of the Missouri. Gasconde and O?a?e
rivers. In the Western and southern por
tions of the State highway bridges have
been washed away by dozens. Nearly
every stream is flowing over its banks and
the rain is stil! falling. The situation is
growing alarming. The danger line here
is expected to be reached to-morrow night.
If it continues at thi* late for a few days
more the big flood of 18f»3 will be outdone.
A climax was reached in the local storm
at 6 o'clock to-night. The clouds that had
dropped occasional showers all day cen
tered over tne city and a deluge of rain
and hail fell. Tbe hailstones were un
usually large and considerable damage re
sulted. The river continues to rise rap
idly. At S o'clock the water touched the
30-foot mark and was advancing. The
Government Weather Service sent out
warnings to property-owners along the
river front an-i to-night hundreds of men
are at work removing lumber and other
endangered merchandise to places of
safety. Every vessel in the harbor baa
steam up. It now seems assured that the
disastrous floods of former years will be
rivalled.
CROOKSTON. Minx., May 21.—North
ern Minnesota is under water. There has
been nothing like it for many years. The
prairie has become a lake and farms have
been transformed into archipelagoes. The
situation is truly discouraging for the
iarge agricultural interests in the upper
Red River Valley, both in Minnesota and
in North Dakota. One can start from
Warren. Minn., in a boat and row to Hal
lock, forty miics north, and not be obliged
to portage the boat to exceed three miles
for that distance.
When it is remembered* that this coun
try is usually dry prairie, too dry at times
for the best crop results.it is possible to
cttch a glimpse of the condition in that
section at this time. The crop outlooit is
exceedingly unpromising in the northern
counties.
«.
Sacramento Switchman Killed.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. May 21. — Man
uel P. Mury, a switchman in tne empioy
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, was almost instantly killed wfcile
coupling cars in the yard at an early hour
yesterday. He lost his balance and
fell between moving cars, the trucks pass
ing over his chest. Murray bad been in
the employ of the company for several
years
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
REGARDED WITH
MUCH DISFAVOR
Imprisonment of Leaders of
the Reform Committee
Opposed,
REVULSION OF FEELING.
In Not Liberating the Prisoners ;
the Transvaal Lost a Chance
of Uniting Factions,
KRUGER PLEADED IN VAIN.
Attempts to Have Fines Substituted
Overruled by a Majority of
the Council.
PRETORIA, Sorra Africa, May 21.—
The sentence oi fifteen years' imprison
ment imposed upon the leaders of the
Johannesburg reform committee, who
THE PRISON AT PRETORIA
were originally sentenced to death for
high treason, is regarded with disfavor by
the public here and has caused a great re
vulsion of feeling among the Afrikanders.
It is felt that the Government in not
liberating the prisoners has lost the chance
of uniting the opi>osine sections of tbe
population in tne Transvaal and that the
evil conseqnenoefl will be incalculable. It
is credibly stated that President Kruger
for three days persistently urged tr.e
Executive Council to substitute tines for
imprisonment in the cases of all the pris
oners, but that he was overborne by a
majority of the Council.
LONDON, Exg.. May 21.— The Times will
to-morsow publish a long dispatcn from
Pretoria detailing the excitement arising
from the heavy sentences imposed upon
the members .of the reiorm committee.
The dispatch says that the wildest kind of
talk is indulged in, and that the situation
is critical. Tne foreign residents of the
Transvaal are dismayed. They are con
vinced that Great Britain will not meddle
with their affairs or with the sentences of
the prisoners.
The annual gathering of prominent men
interested in South Africa took place to
night at the Hotel Metropole. where the
usual banquet was given. The Right Hon.
Jo^epu Cnamberlain, Secretary of State
for the Colonies, presided. Among those
present were Sir William Dunn, Consul-
General of Cape Colony, and Wal
ter Peace, Agent-General of Natal.
Mr. Chamberlain made a speech, in the
course of which he said he regretted that
little progress had been made in the at
tempts to reconcile the Dutch and English
in South Africa. He confessed that he
was disappointed by the decision of the
Transvaal Government regarding the sen
tence of the leaders of the reform com
mittee, especially because he had always
trusted in President Kruger's magna
nimity, believing that he was never ani
mated by vindictive feeling against the
men who, whatever their errors, had by
their energy and enterprise, created the
Transvaal's prosperity. Mr. Chamberlain
declared that he could not discuss the
matter further, but the policy of the Gov
ernment had already been declared and
would not be changed. This declaration
was greeted with cheers.
In the HAuse of Commons to-day Mr.
Chamberlain. Secretary of State for the
Colonies, announced that the Colonial Of
fice had received a telegram from Presi
dent Kruger of the Transvaal Repuolic,
stating that the jai! regulations would be'
immediately modified so as to increase the
comfort of the reform committee pris
oners.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, May 21.-
The Transvaal Government, it is learned.
a.vain complained a few days ago to Sir
Hercules Robinson, the British High Com
missioner, regarding the reported assem
bling of 2500 British troops and forty can
non between Mafeking and Ramutsa. near
the Transvaal frontier. Sir Hercules Rob
inson in his reply gave the details of the
smaller force which had been sent to Maf
king in accordance with the previous noti
ficaiion sent to the Transvaal authorities
which force was intended to be used in
quelling the Matabele revolt. Sir Her
cules also suggested that the Transvaal
Government should prosecute the person
who gave the false information oa which
in complaint was based.
A DISMAL PORTREOS
Pretoria Prison Wherein John Hay
Hammond and Other* Are Confined.
"The fortress wherein Hammond and
his companions are to be confined," said
J. A. Harrington to a Call man yesterday,
"is a dismal and unsalubrious place. It >
was built by President Pretoria, whence
it derived its name.
"The pnson is about 100 feet square,
surrounded Dy a high stone wall loopholed
all around on the four sides and flunked
on the front or entrance side by two towers,
which defend the gate witn its foss and
portcullis, which is lowered by a chain
worked on tbe inside. The accommoda
tions for prisoners, black and white, are the
earthen floor and blankets v.-hich prisoners
are allowed to supply themselves with.
"The food allowed each prisoner is a
pound of cornmeal porridge and a half
pint of sour miik every morninK at 7
o'clock; at 10 a.m. a half-pound of rye
bread, washed down by a plentiful supply
of brackish water. Dinner, or as the Eng
lish call it, tiflin, is served at noon, and
the bill of fare comprises: Boiled beef of
work oxen, or rather, oxen which couldn't
work any Liore, half a pound of potatoes
or black rye bread, a cup of black coffee
and water. At 6 o'clock comes supper,
which consists of corn-meal porridge, soup
of vegetables and bread broken up in it.
At night ground serves for a bed, the
clothes and boots for pillows, with an ac
companiment of fleas, mosquitoes and
other vermin. For music to lull them to
sleep they may have the snoring of a
dozen or more Kaffirs, some groaning
from scars on their lacerated backs, in
flicted as punishment for having trans
gressed the Roman Dutch law of master
and servant. For ventilation there are
three small windows cut lengthway about
three feet by twelve inches at the top of
the wall near the roof. There are odors
and smells in abundance.
"This is the prospect before the convicted
members of the reform committee of Jo
hannesburg, and fifteen years of it. too.
They will never survive it. Hammond
and the other Americans have *ny sym-
pathy, but the Englishmen, who never j
show mercy to any political prisoners, de
serve all they get. They will have time
now to think of the poor devils of Irish
men who were for more than twenty vear>
lingering in Millbank. Some one ought to I
be good enough to send them for reading !
matter John Mitchel's Jail Journal or \
Michael Davitt's Notes on Millbank."
Mr. Harrington resided on the Transvaal
for several years, bei: c artist and inter
preter for a mining company in the Ley
denburg district, and is familiar with tbe
country and the people.
CROPS AND CATTLE DEAD
Three Different Cyclone Clouds
Pass Over Portions of
Kansas.
Many Buildings Are Twisted to Pieces
and Scattered Over the
Prairies.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., May 21.— Specials '
j from various points in Kansas bring details i
■ of disasters by c\ clones last night.
At Arkansas, Kans., settlers living in
the strip five or six miles -outheast of this
city to-day report that three different
: cyclone clouds swept their section of the
1 country. No lives were reported iost, but
1 much damage has been done to fences and
i crops and on the Drury cattle ranch
j twenty head of cattle were killed.
At Emporia, Kan., abouc 6 o'clock last j
; night a funnel-shaped ciuud was noticed
! south of the city. This morning it is
: learned that a twister passed from south
west to northeast about five miles south of
here and near the town of Olpe, passing
directly over tbe ranch of Hushes Bros., 1
' tearing a portion of their dwelling-house
; to pieces and throwing it across the Santa
Fe tracks. The barns, corn .-ribs and out
houses were all blown away. William
i Hughes was caught in the wreck of the
j barn and it is supposed that he is fatally !
injured.
At Burlington, Kan., a cyclone passed
one mile west of tbe city yesterday even
ing tearing down a building on the farm of
W. H. Clark.
COAST LIGHTHOUSE INSPECTOR
Lieutenant- Commander Merrill Succeed* \
Command'r Farenholt.
SEATTLE, WASH., May 21.— Lieuten- j
: ant-Commander Merrill, U. S. N., arrived i
in Seattle from Washington, D. C, this {
, evening, with orders to take charge as in- '
spector of the Thirteenth Lighthouse dis
trict, comprising tbe coasts of Washing- }
j ton, Oregon and Alaska. He succeeds !
Commander Farenholt, U. S. N., who has j
for four years presided over the district.
Farenholt has been assigned to the com
mand of one of the Government's big bat
\ tle-ship«. but which one he does not him
; self know. It will probably be a warship
in the Atlantic squadron. Lieutenant
Merrill, who was until recently executive
otiicer of the Baltimore of the A;-iatic
squadron, will be taken over the district
and given instructions as to his duties by
Commander Farenholt in the lighthouse I
tender Columbine.
— •
fear a nine in Skagit Hirer.
TACOMA, Wa?h., May Jl. — Farmers
along the Skagit River are daily expecting
a heavy freshet, and the people in that
locality are exceedingly anxious lest the '
weather should turn warm and cause an j
inundation which would spread ruin in
all directions. The farmers are building
dikes in order to withstand the rush when
it comes.
SILVER MEN ARE
VERY ACTIVE
Their Plans a Source of
Worry in Political
Parties.
DELEGATES MAY BOLT.
Democrats Particularly Anxious
as to Their Action at
Chicago.
REPUBLICANS ALSO EXERCISED
In Indiana Managers Are Fearful of
the White Metal Being Made
an Issue.
CHICAGO, 111., May 21. — A special
from Indianapolis, Ind., says: The Re
publican managers are greatly exercised
over tbe prospect of free silver being made
the issue in this State, although C!.air
man Gowdj denies that the free-silver
Republicans will vote the Democratic
ticket.
He said in an interview yesterday that
while there are many free-silver Republi
cans they are all for protective tariff.
There are nearly 30,000 Populists in the
State, and the Republican managers have
tig jred out that if 75 per cent of these join
the Democrats on a free-silver platform it
will make a close call for the Repub
licans.
It was decided by representatives of the
gold wing of the Democratic party yester
day that it is their duty to make a fight
against tbe adoption of a free-silver plat
form. There will be a gold conference
held here early next week, when plans
will be laid. It will be suggested that ex-
Congressman W. D. Bynuru be a gold can
didate for Congress. He will make a
strong fight, and they claim he has a good
prospect of winning.
BLAND ON THE SITUATION
Say* That Free Coinage I* the Only
Saltation for the Country.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. May 21.—Ex-Congress
man Richard P. Bland. Missouri's candi
date for the nomination of President of
the United States at the hands of the
Democratic party, arrived in St. Louis last
night. He spoke confidently of the po
litical outlook as regards free coinage.
•'The people," he said, "are tired of
bonds, and free coinage offers them the
only legitimate relief. The administration
policy means more bonds; the Republican*
party's return to power means more taxa
tion. It must be either bonds or taxation,
and the people are taxed almost to death
already. For this reason the free coinage
of silver, which is the only safeguard
against the continuance of hard times, is
being demanded more and more every day.
I am satisfied that two-thirds of the people
of this country want free coinage.
"I notice," he continued, "there is seri
ous trouble in the Republican ranks.
McKinley's managers are just finding out
that despite all their efforts to keep it
down, the money question is the one
absorbing question of the day. They have
endeavored to force the tariff to the front,
but the public will not have it. Now an
outcry is being raised for an expression as
to gold or silver from McKinley. Coming as
this does at the last moment, on the eve of
the convention, this is very interesting to
us Democrats, but to the Republicans it
is a serious situation.
"If the gold standard be adopted as
part of the St. Louis platform by the Re
publican party, you wilt see a big revolt
among the Republicans, even of this
State. There are indications of this al
ready.
"His adherence to gold proved fatal to
the aspirations of Speaker Reed of Maine.
He knew in the last Congress that while
he might keep in touch wi|h New York
and the East by voting for gold bonds he
would forfeit all his chances in the West.
Had Reed been a Western man and in line
with the Weal on the financial question
his great ability would have made him the
Presidential nomiDee. As it is, his anti
silver views have made his selection out of
the question, and he has lost much of his
real influence."
As regards his own Presidential can
didacy, Mr. Bland modestly declined to
speak.
DISGUST OF EDMONDS
Objrct* to Delegate* Being Bound to Tote
for McKinley.
BOSTON, Mass., May 21.— A special in
to-night's Transcript from St. Albans,
Yt.. says in part:
Senator Edmunds has written a letter to
at least one of the delegates chosen to
represent Vermont at the National Cou
vention in which he virtually expresses
disgust at the action of the Green Moun
tain voters in taking a stand which makes
it practically imperative that their dele
gates vote for McKinley at St. Louis. The
missive was written about a week ago to
Colonel Edward O. Smith of St. Albans.
president of the Central Vermont Rail
road, and one of the delegates-at-large.
Speaking about the possibility that the
Vermont delegates may not at St. Louis
all carry out the expressed wish of the
State Convention, Colonel Smith said, in
his opinion the delegates would be obliged
to vote for McKinley as a matter of honor
without regard to personal preference.
Colonel Smith expressed the belief that
McKinley would be nominated on the first
ballot at St. Louis, but said he thought
McKinley's boom would be so big that it
might at last break on account of its own
weight. In tuat case the Vermont voter?
would probably go to the man who devel
oped the most strength.
ALIGELD IS IN CHARGE
Will Per tonally Conduct the Sitrer Cam.
paign in Cook County.
CHICAGO, 111., May 21. — Governor
Altseld came to town to-day to take per
sonal charge of the Democratic silver
campaign in the county, which will cul
minate in the convention next week. He
ridicules the talk of anti-silver Democrats
bolting the county or State conventions of
the party, and declared that after the
county convention the gold standard poli
ticians would be found working hard lor
the majority.
It was expected that a meeting of the
Democratic sound-money organization
would be held to-day to decide on the
question of holding a separate primary
election and convention; Out there was
no meeting and, what was more signifi
cant, there was a cessation of talk in the
bolting strain. Instead the organization
issued a statement merely denouueing tne
methods of the silver majority on the
county committee and encouraging the
sound-money Democrats to continue tbe
fight for "fair play and honest primaries."
The situation to-night doe 3 not point to
a bolt. Several prominent Democrats on
the gold side have declared against such
action.
POSTER FOR SECOND PLACE.
Reported Retult of an Interview Between
the General and Hahn.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 21.— The ar
rival in this city last night of William ML
Hahn, the Ohio member of the Republican
National Committee, occasioned much '
speculation among the Republican man- I
agers at tbe Fifth-avenue Hotel as to the '
object of his visit. Mr. Hahn would give
bo information, but an incident that oc- I
curred at the hotel this morning satisfied
the politicians that he had come here to
have a consultation about the Vice-Presi
dential nomination.
General Horace Porter had an hour's
conference with Mr. Hahn this morning,
after which the latter started for Canton,
Ohio. Neither General Porter nor the
Ohio committfeman would say anything
about their conference, but the crowd of
politicians in the State headquarters were
sure that Mr. Hahn had made the final
arrangement with General Porter to take
second place on the National ticket.
The Plait men asserted after Mr. Hahn's
departure that the McKinley manager's
plan included the nomination of General
Porter as Vice-President and the appoint
ment of Warner Miller as Secretary of the
Treasury in the event of McKinley's elec
tion.
PLANS OF THE SILVER WING
Second State Convention to Be Held 6y
South Dakota Democrat*.
ABERDEEN, S. Dak., May 21.—Thecon
ference of tbe silver Democrats in the
small hours of the morning was not to
select a contesting delegation, but to dis
cuss methods and plans for another State
gathering of the free-silver wing of the
Democracy, for the purpose of electing a
delegation to Chicago. Colonel Lynch de
clared in favor of this plan, and it is known
others viewed it as he did. The silver ;
Democrats had two-thirds of the delegates
present at the convention, but the fact
that the entire Biack Hills was practically
in control of three gold men loaded down
with proxies, and that the convention per
mitted them to vote, put the silver forces
in a minority. Had the siiverites bolted
on the admission of these proxies, they say
they could have broken up the convention
and made a strong ca?e. The convention
attracted widespread interest.
GENERAL A USER'S VIEWS
Say* the Silver Men May Control the
Chtcano Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., May 21.-General A.
J. Warner, the free silver leader, spent to
day in this city, on his way home to Mari
etta, Ohio, from Toledo. Regarding the
monetary and political situation he sa'.d:
''There has been a rapid growth in silver
sentiment throughout the country lately.
It has specially manifested itself iv the
primary election for delegates to the Chi
cago convention of the Democratic party.
It is significant that there is enthusiasm
among the silver Republicans over the
election of silver delegates to the Demo
cratic convention. At least two-third of
the Democratic delegates from Ohio will
be in favor of free silver, and it looks now
as if the silver men would control the Na
tional Convention. The Bimetallic Union
believes in anything to win and is in favor
of having oniy one silver ticket in the
Presidential election."
Dariiiion for Congrt**,
BUTLER, Pa., May 21.-J. J. Davidson
of Beaver was nominated for Congress at
the conference of the Twenty-fifth District
yesterday.
FISILIN`S ENTERPRISE.
Incorporation of the Mount Whitney Tel
ephone and Power Company.
YISALIA, Cal., May BL— Articles of in
corporation of the Mount Whitney Tele
phone and Power Company have been filed
, with the County Clerk. The 200 shares of
capital stock at $10 a share have ail been
taken by popular subscription. The di
rectors of the new company are as follow?:
1 W. E. Sprott of Porterville, president; J.
Sub Johnson of Yisaha, vice-president ; H.
F. Brey of Porterville, secretary; A. M.
Lumley of Porterviile, treasurer; J. M.
, Gilstrap of Dunt. James Bursell of Globe
and Charles Rankin of Lindsay.
One hundred and twenty-two miles will
I be built, connecting all the principal towns
sou theast of Yisalia. Enough poles have
been ordered to set the line from Spring
ville to Porterviile and men will be put to
work in a few days digging the holes. It
( is expected that the line will be in work
: ing order between Springville and Exeter
!by the 4th of July. The company arealso
contemplating putting in a local system
■ of phones in Portervilie.
et rid of your pimples
and facial blemishes and don't ever use
iodide of potassium again. Remember,
the best sarsaparilla is the sarsaparilla
that is ali sarsapariila and herbs and con-
tains no mercurial poisons. When you
want the best get the best, and don't let
your druggist substitute. The best is
Testimonial.
The Edw. W. JO7 Company— Gentle-
men: This is tne first time I have at-
tempted to write for three years. Have
been so nervous and weak that I have laid
in bed for most of the time.
A friend who had taken your sarsaparilla
sent me two bottles. The second one is
most gone, and I have gained^ twenty
pounds, and surely feel a new woman. I
was pale, thin, no ambition. Had given
up, as I had tried so many remedies and
doctors, but found no benefit. If you care
to publish this you have my consent.
(Signed) MRS. A. C. TILLMAN,
Alameda, Cal.
WEW TO-PAT.
*/3right
Chaps
aCike Bright, Smart
00 king Clothes.
I I O
/No ° o
"Uhose bright, swell Scotches,
in bright Spring colorings, in
those new and decidedly clever
plaids and checks, for lads be-
tween the ages of 5 and IS years.
$6 and SS values, and eight
sound bargains at those prices.
Friday and Saturday,
On our big floor devoted exclu-
sively to juvenile apparel, at
TJhe JVat
Ss showing up right smart
things in J^fats for S&oys/
some big bargains in straws.
{Raphael's
[incorporated) ,
7j h e Frisco S&oys,
9, If, /3, /5 Jfearny Street,
nucoa
y" ■ ■' mk^
AN EVENING
AUCTION SALE
or
100 BUILDING LOTS!
ADJACENT TO THE
MISSION-STREET ELECTRIC ROAD,
WILL BE HELD
MONDAY EVENING, MAY 25, 1896,
At 7:30 o'clock.
At the Salesroom of
O'FARRELL & CO.,
11 MONTGOMERY STREET,
Under Lick Hoase.
This property is the choicest portion of the Ex-
celsior Homestead, that beautiful and rapidly
growing section of the city. It is only 25 min-
ted ride from the City Ha", an 1 a'l the lots are
positively level and ready to build on.
YOU SAKE THE PRICE!
The terms are the most liberal ever offered, $19
on the tall of the hammer, balance flO per month; -
7 per cent interest per annum on deferred pay-
"""YOU MARE THE PRICE!
The title is perfect and will ie guaranteed by th«
California Title Insurance Company at the cost «t
$10 per lot.
DO NOT FORGET THE DATE!
MONDAY EVENING. MAY 25, 1896,
At 7:30 o'clock.
Send or call for Catalogue.
O'l-AKRELL & CO., Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery Street.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-IHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
V law and Notary ■Public 638 Market st, oppo-
site Palace HoteL Telephone 57a Ke*idenc« 1820
fell i. Telephone "Pine" 2591. "
34
SEARCHING FOR
HER BROTHER.
Miss Siefert of San Fran
cisco Visits Santa
Rosa.
SHE FEARS FOUL PLAY.
lie Left for Kenwood Three Weeks
Ago With $4000 in Green
backs.
NO TIDINGS OF HIM SINCE.
Was a Stranger Just From the East
and Wanted to Buy a Fruit
Farm.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 21.— Mis?
Louise Siefert of San Francisco was in
Santa Rosa Wednesday looking for her
brother, Henry Siefert, who she fears
has met with foul play. He left San Fran
cisco three weeks atzo to look at some land
near Kenwood, in this county, with a view
to purchasing a fruit farm. He was ex
pected home by his family within a week's
time, but has not yet returned or sent any
word as to his whereabouts.
Siefert did not reach Kenwood or any
other point in Sonoma County as far as
his sister knows. He had several thou
sand dollars with him and carried $4000 of
his money in greenbacks. Had Siefert
been an old resident of the State his sister
would not worry so much about his ab
sence, but he was an entire stranger, hav
ine nrrived in th;> State from Ohio just
four weeks ago. He was anxious to pur
chase a rnnch In Mime ruit section of the
Btate and had consulted a number of San
Francisco real estate dealers, ile \v.is»
sent to Kenwood by a real estate man
named Bpeck, who iias an olhVe in San
Francisco in the Crocker building.
Si*»fert is a man of steady habits, was not
a heavy drinker and knows absolutely no
one in this county. He is 4^ years <>f age,
married and has a family of four children.
Mis wife came with him from the E.i^t.
but the children remained behind. The
wife is now in San Francisco and is almost
crazed at the prolonged absence of her
husband.
The sister searched all day Wednesday
in Santa Rosa for her brother, but found
no trace of him. Assemblyman Btaley of
Kenwood assisted her in her search. She
and Mr. S.aley returned to Kenwood
Wednesday night. Mis.- Siefert will re
turn to San Francisco to-day unless she
hears from the missing man.
SANTA ROSA SLITS SETTLED
brreral Caseg tUsjtuted Of, Leaving the
Calendar t'lmr.
SANTA ROSA, Cat. , May 21.— The liti
gious city of Bama Rosa is once more at
peace with those of her citizens who re
side in the vicinity of the sewer farm.
Tnis welcome news has caused great re
joicing here, as the numerous damage
suits which have been instituted during
the past few months i nve threatened to
bankrupt the city and caused considerable
uneasiness among the iarne taxpayers and
others.
in the case of Harry Hall against the
city the plaintiff secured a judgment for
$3000 and costs. By some oversight, for
which various people are blamed, tiie time
for tiling a oil! of exceptions or to move
tor a new trial on the nart of the city was
allowed to lapse, and as an appeal from
the rina! judgment would be very apt to
prove unavailing, on the advice oi the
City Attorney this judgment, amounting
to $3307, was ordered laid.
In the suit of Allen Wright, plaintiff's
attorneys asked leave to amend their com
plaint, and in the amendment alleged that
Wright was entitled to damages by reason
of injury to his wife's health. As Mrs.
Wrignt had not been maae a party to the
action the plaintiff was promptly de
murred out of court for fhe non-joinder
and judgment entered for the ciiy. "
In the case of M. A. Peterson $1 in dam
ages was allowed by a jury and the costs
divided.
The actions brought by J. L. Peterson
and Harvey Brittain were dismissed, which
leaves the city free from legal entangle
ments over the sewer question. As the
new sewer system is proving a decide i
success there is no fear of a renewal of the
troubie and taxpayers once more breathe
freely.
SACRAMENTO'S QUEER CASE.
The Prosecution Closes and Gregory's
Attorney Moves for Dismissal of
the Suit.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 21.— Louis
Bchindler was tne only witness in the
Gregory case this morning. Schindler is
the assignee of Gregory Brothers and was
their bookkeeper during the time when
Mrs. Lee made the loans to Eugene Greg
ory.
The testimony during the whole morn
ing was relative to the financial standing
of tho firm in 1894, and consisted of a tedi
ous examination of the firm's books. It
was ascertained that in May, 1894, the
firm owed to Mrs. Gregory, mother of the
Gregory Brothers, the sum of $lt;,000. This
is |2000 less than the amount appearing in
the schedule in the insolvency matter,
which was filed in 1895 This was quali
fied by the defense by the statement that
several thousand dollars which was owing
it in 1*94 had become outlawed and was
not included in the insolvency schedule.
During his examination Schindler was
asked for a statement made up to August,
I&J4, and which was used on the stand
yesterday. Schinder stated that he had
destroyed it, and accused Jones of quali
fying his testimony with side remarks,
thus making the statement appear irregu
lar.
On cross-examination this afternoon
Schindler was asked how much of the ac
count of Mrs. Gregory for rent had ac
crued auring the two veare before May
14, 1894.
Schindler— s9fio.
Bruner — All the rest of the rent account
was outlawed. That shows that the firm
was worth $4800 more than the prosecution
have computed in the assets. In your
opinion was the firm solvent or insolvent
in May, 1894?
Schindler — It was certainly solvent.
C. F. Dillman, cashier of D. O. Mills'
bank, testified that the bank held a note
against the Gregory Brothers in 1894 in
dorsed by Mrs. Gregory, and bearing a
balance of $2000 This was subsequently
paid.
The prosecution then closed the case.
Bruner moved to dismiss on the grounds
that the firm was not Bhown to have been
insolvent in 1894; that Gregory had
not been shown to have had a knowl
edge that the firm was insolvent,
even if it were uo, and Mrs. Lee
had not beeu shown to have been igno
rant of the- firm's financial standing. AH
these are allegations of the complaints,
and are necessary to be shown.
Jones opposed the motion, stating that
he had shown t at the firm was insolvent
by his examination of Schindler and the
books.
Bruiier staled that the dates weie so
mixed up in the records that nothing could
be determined by it.
The District Attorney had confused
transactions occurring in"1895 with those
prior to LBM and the evidence would fail
to show cause for conviction upon habeas
corpus proceedings.
Tiie case was continued until to-morrow
morning and the motion to dismiss will
be argued at that time.
WARNING DEMOCRATS
The Jiuckleiz-llailrond Combine Arrayed
Afiainst Clean Politics.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 21.— The
contest over forthcoming Democratic pri
maries between the Buckley-Southern Pa
cific pan,', in favor of ward delegate elec
tions, and the Stevens-Patton-Herald ele
ment, in favor of precinct primaries, is
growing very spirited. The tight reached
a Climax last Saturday at a meet
ing of the County Central Com
mittee, which, by an adroit coup
of George S. Patton, was adjourned to next
Saturday. This move augured well for
the element in favor of clean politics and
the precinct plan. But now the word has
gone fortu to marshal the whole of Marsh
and Raniish's gang of street and sewer
workers to defeat the Patton ring next
Saturday. "Arcade Depot" Tom McCaf
ferv has his gang well in hand for the oc
casion.
The newspaper people have, it is now
known, been hoodwinked as to the real
object of the Buckley-railroad combine,
some shrewd schemer having circulated a
r port that the whole contest centered in
the prospective money plank in the State
convention resolutions, that is, whether
silver would be sustained.
A Call correspondent saw Judge A. M.
Stevens and Lawyer Will A. Harris to-day
and questioned them on the subject. Each
declared that the silver question had
nothing whatever to do with the present
fight.
"The whole proposition," said Harris,
"centers on the question of the anti-iuiui
ing resolutions and the San Pedro and
Santa Monica harbor issues."
Jud •'<■ Stevens heartily concurred in Har
ris' views.
"We tried the ward plan once." said
Judge Stevens, "and we wunt no more of
it.'" This was in 1»!«), when by a hustling
combination of Marsh and Raonsh's gang
the city wards were carried for Jim Cole
men when nine-tenths of tbe rank and
tile were for Pond. This plan at the time
tiisgusted the decent element of the party
to such an extent that the City Central
Committee passed an ironclad resolution
never to adopt the ward system ajrain.
A lively tight is promised for Saturday
afternoon's meeting.
Hirßort.n car service.
A -Yew Combination That Hill Greatly
Jirnefit I.om Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 21.-For
several years the "Slow-mule" streetcar
line has been in operation from the Santa
Fe depot in this city south to the city
limits. Cars made trips every hour, if not
oftener, and when folks happened to be
going in the direction of the line they
sometimes got on and rode. The scheme
was an apparent failure and the stock of
the concern was practically worthless. A
new combination of individuals has ac
quired most of the stock and the whole
ulan is to be reorganized and now prom
ises very important results for Los An
geles. The new directors are Abbott Kin
ney, W. L. Graves, C. A. Sumner, John L.
Pope and C. R. Day.
They have put on a quarter-hour service
ana will soon make an electric double
track line of it and extend it far beyond
the present terminus south, and, what is
still more important, will bring the north
ern terminus from La Grande Station
into the heart of Los Angeles. Petitions
have been signed on all sides which will
be presented to the Council next Monday to
straighten San Mateo street to connect
with Santa Ire avenue. This line— San
Mateo and Santa Fe Avenue Street
Car Company — nearly parallels the
Los Angeles River for about three miles
through a district rapidly build op
with factories and machine shops and will
be known as the "laboring man's route.'
Already a transfer system with the trac
tion company has gone into effect, which
insures to the patrons of either line a de
lightful ride through the populated as well
as more sparsely settled sections of the
city. It is understood that a route has
also been selected running up through the
business center.and that the council will be
asked very shortly to advertise the fran
chise for bids.
A STOCKTON GIRL'S STORY
Was Wandering About Dazed
and Half-Clad in a Rain
storm
Says Her Clothin; Was Torn From
Her by a Strange Man in a
Buggy.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 21.— Late this
afternoon, during the heavy downpour of
rain, John N. Woods, one of the leading
men of this city, was driving toward
Stockton along tl c French Camp turnpike
when he saw a little girl half-naked,
struggling along in the storm. She was
minus hat, coat, shoes and stockings and
her clothing had been nearly torn from
her. The child was walking along the
road in a half-dazed condition, trying to
find her way home, but not knowing
which way to go. Mr. Woods stopped
his team and took the little girl into his
buggy. Sne proved to be Edith Way, the
18-year-old daughter of George N. Way, an
employe in Buell's lumber-yard. A little
farther alone, near the dumping ground,
just outride the city, he paw the rest of
Edith's clothing lying near the roadway.
To Mr. Woods and his wife the child
told a siory on which the constables and
Sheriff's deputies are now at work scour
ing the country for the man who is sup
posed to have abducted and attempted to
maltreat the Way girl. To the Woods she
s>aid that she was on her way home from
the public school in company with another
little eirl from the Catholic convent, when
a middle-aged man drove up to where they
were crossing the street at the junction ot
San Joaquin and South. According to her
story he seized them and drew them into
bis buggy, after which he forced some
white powder down her throat, which
completely stupefied her.
She remembers nothing until outside
the city, when she says the man made im
proper proposals to her, and when she re
sisted he threw her out of the buggy to
the ground. She remembers her strug
gles, but little else until she came to her
senses during the driving rain that fell
here about 5 o'clock. She only knows the
first name of her little girl companion
which she says is Belle, but the sisters say
no one answering that description goes to
the convent. Such a man and rig as the
girl describes were seen to turn into South
street from California shortly before the
time Edith Way says she was abducted.
There are some parts of the child's story
that seem improbable, especially as no
other girl has been reported missing, but
the officers are now scouring ail the roads
in tne county to make sure.
Captured at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 21.— R. H.
Kirby, who is wanted in Portland, Or., for
grand larceny, was captured here this
morning. Kirby is accused of 6tealing
1800.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
SAN JOSE'S BIG
WILL CONTEST
Great Interest Taken in the
Battle for the
Estate.
A CROWDED COURTROOM
Mrs. Sarah Bichel Takes the
Stand in ihe Interest of
Mrs. Parker.
TELLS ABOUT THE TESTATOR.
Amusing Incidents During the Prcg.
ress cf Her Testimony— Even
the Court Smi'es.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. May 21. —Judge Rey
nolds' courtroom was well filled with spec
tators this morning who were anxious to
hear the testimony in the contest of the
will of George H. Parker, deceased, by
EmraaL. Parker.
After the announcement by the court
that only from Monday to Thursday even
ing of each week would be devoted to the
case, the taking of testimony began.
The first witness for the contestant was
Mrs. Sarah Bichel. She was questioned
by Attorney Patterson. She testified she
had lived in San Jose since 1868. She first
became acquainted with the deceased,
George 11. Parker, in 1886, when both par
ties were Jiving on Second street, six
was an intimate friend of Mrs. George
Parker, the sister of Marshall and Jane
Pomeroy, and her mother. Mrs. George
Parker died ie 1892 after which George
Parker returned from the Kut here and
while staying at the Yemiome became
sick.
11 offered >l rs. Bichel v deed of gift to a
cottag on William street, provided she
would keep house for him. She at first
refused, tben finally consented. She was
to give him a deed for the cottage so in
case she died before him it would return
to him. Mrs. Bichel kept house for him
from November, 1892, until May.
when George Parker went East. He re
turned in June, ISW, and she kept bouse
for him till the accident which caused his
death.
Mr-*. Bichel was with George Parker in a
boggy on August 14 when the collision
with a runaw y occurred, and descrit>ed
how he was crushed, receiving injuries*
which caused his death three dsiys Inter.
>he was in the habit of rating all letters
received by George Parker into his desk.
During his lifetime the desk was never
locked, but shortly after his death Mar
shall Pornerov looked the desK and a few
months later took it from the hou-e.
In thi- afternoon the taking of testimony
of Mrs. P:chel was resumed. She teMitied:
"Mr. Parker was continually harping in
189.'t upon his will and about women. He
often asked me in regard to women who
would make suitable wives."
"Was that an evidence of unsoundness
of mind?" asked Mr. Uelmas.
"He was an unmarried man of means,
and he asked tins lady who has menage*
irom heaven in retrard to this important
consideration of the fitness of certain
women for wives."
'Now, do you know about this lady be
ing capable of giving messages from
heaven?" asked Judge Reynolds.
"I have looked into the latest dictionary
since the ourt adjourned and found that
out,' 1 replied Mr. Delmas with a smile.
"Spiritualist m diums are supposed to be
able to secure me-.-a-es from the dead."
"When we were out riding and saw any
ladies, or any of my young lady friends
would visit me," resumed the "witness,
"he would ask if one and another of them
would make a kooil wife. As regards say
ing he was engaged to different young
ladies, he said to me on various occasions
that he had spoken to such and such a girl
about marriage."
_ "Did h«- ever consult you on the propo
sition of the feasibility of organizing a
troupe of dancing girls to tour the East?"
asked Pateraon, and the question caused
considerable amusement in court.
"Yes." was the reply. "Once when he
came back from San Francisco he said he
had been with two of his dancing girls '
and they had proposed to him to organize i
a troupe of ballet dancers to ro East.
"rie said he saw them dance and then
he showed them some of his steps. I sail
1 was surprised to hear that ne was a
dancer and 1 asked him to show me some
of his steps, but he refused to do so.
"After the death of nis wife ami Mr.
Parker's return from the East he wa« very
nervous and was continually making a
will in his mind. Once he threw himself
•iown on a sofa, and said he had been with
Attorney Joseph Pattoti for two and a half
hours trying to make a will, but no con
clusion had been reached.
"Once Mr. Parker had a pair of slates.
He took them East, and brought them
back with him when he returned in July
1893."
Six letters that were written to the tes
tator by Jane and Noah Pomeroy and a
pairot slates were then handed over to
Attorney Patter-on by Judge Spencer.
Upon the insides of the slates was writ
ten a message purporting to have come
from his deceased wife to George 11. Par
ker. She stated that she was well in the
spirit world and she hoped that her hus
band was happy.
The court, upon an objection being
raised, would not allow the message to be
read to the jury.
Attorney Patterson stated a belief that a
man who woulu think he could receive a
communication from his wife in heaven
was not of sound mind, and the slate mes
sages were admissible in evidence for the
purpose of helping to sustain the allega
tion of unsoundness of mind.
"There is no direct testimony that these
messages came from heaven," said Judge
Reynolds.
"This might be a privileged communi
cation under the law if it is between man
and wife," suggested Mr. Delmas.
Judge Reynolds intimated with a smile
that undoubtedly those ties could not con
tinue after death, and a communication of
a wife to her husband after she passed
away was not privileged. "The Civil
Code," remarked the court, "does not
reach beyond this life."
"What is the belief of spiritualists in
regard to receiving communications from
the dead?" then asked Attorney Patterson
of the witness.
An object was also made to this question
and sustained.
This closed the testimony of Mrs.
Bickel, it being understood that she could
be recalled for further direct and subse
quent cross-examination. Mr. Delmas
stated that in the present stage of her
testimony there was nothing that it was
desired to cross-question her about.
Mrs. Ellen W. Law, the next witness,
was examined by Attorney Coogan lor the
contestant. The witness proved to be
very deaf, and to aid her hearing she held
the edge of a gutta pereha fan-shaped in
strument in h<*r teeth while the questions
were being put to her. She testified as
follows:
"I h«ive lived in California since 1854. I
knew Georpe M. Parker well during his
lifetime. I first became acquainted with
him in 1858, when 1 lived near Alviso, in
this county. Afterward myself and Mrs.
Parker were engaged in business together
in San Francisco. I was a dressmaker and
she was an agent for a sewing machine.
"Afterward I started a boarding and
lo lgin>: house and they stopped with me.
I was also well acquainted with Ed Parker,
the son of G. H. Parker. The son first
came to California in 1870. He and Mrs.
Parker then took a trip to Yosemite Val
ley and were gone a month. During their
absence (leorsje H. Parker seemed to be
very much worried in mind.
"He said bis wife and son were spending
all his money, and that they would drive
him to the poorhouse. Often he would
cry and moan out loud. At times he com
plained greatly of his head, lie would
bathe it in water and spirits of camphor.
Several times he said he could not live
that way.
"The son was married in 1873. Subse
quent to that time, and before he went
Last in IS7">, Mr. Parker received a num
ber of letters. Some of them he read him
self, others he handed to his wife to read
to me."
"What did he say was the purpose of his
visit to the Ea-st in 1873?" asked Attorney
Coogan.
Mr. Delmas objected that this time wa3
twenty years prior to the execution of the
will, ana was too remote to prove undue
Influence.
"But," interposed Attorney Coogan.
"you did not object to testimony regard
ing his soundness of mind prior to 1873,
and I wish this testimony to be brought
out on the ground that it tends also to
prove unsoundness of mind."
"I made no objection to the former tes
timony," replied Mr. Delmas, "for the rea
son that I regarded it as ludicrous that a
man should be thought to be of unsound
mind simply because besought relief from
a headache by bathing his head in water
or spirits of camphor. I allowed the tes
timony to pass without a protest because
it tended to show upon what flimsy
grounds the other side is basing its case. T>
The court took under advisement the
issue as to whether or not the question
Could be admitted on the ground that the
testimony would prove unsoundness of
mind. An adjournment was then taken
I ill next Monday at h):M a. m.
SAN JOSE'S PRECAUTIONS
Sale of JUilk I row Consumptive. Cows to
He Prohibit* <i.
SAN JOSE, CAU, May 2L— A meetine of
a committee of the Board of Supervisors,
Common Council and City Board of
Health was held tiiis evening to consider
matters in connection with expediting the
testing of cattle for tuberculosis. Chair
man Oreeninger of the Board of Super
visors presided
It was the sense of the meeting that k
would be expedient to make some regula
tion oy which the sale ot milk from in
fected herds would be prohibited as soon
as a sufficient time baa elapsed to make
the tests with the help available to the in
spector.
A resolution was passed requesting the
Coi mon Council to grant the Veterinary
Inspector two more assistants. The City
Attorney and District Attorney reported
that they are preparing an ordinance that
s r iail cover tiie ground of compelling the
testing of ail cattle and it will be presented
at the meeting! of tbi Common Council
:uid Board ot Supervisor! on tiie first Mon
day in June.
•
Attachment Suit
SAN JOSE, Cai.., M.iy L'l. -The Santa
Clara Valley Mill and Lumber Company
to-day Lc^.ui ai. attachment slit against
in Jose Railroad Company to recover
$•-'l. :;>.">■_', alteg d to be d te an aone>day
promissory im:e. executed Ja >vary 2, 1898.
The note was indorsed by J <■ 'i> Rich, tut
I resident ol the company, and \t for lum
ber and material furnished. Tie com
pany is' at present in the hatuU of re
ceivers, with s bonded lodebtedneftt i f
$ii»o,<»«J against it. Sheriff Lyndon levied
on ttie railway system and the power
house and several lots In the name of the
company. ]l<- also levied on a larpe
amount of property standing in Kick's
name.
STANFORD'S NEW CAPTAIN
Charles Dole Selected to Lead
the Athletes of the
University.
A Brawny Youth Who Holds Several
Records— Tribute to the
Retiring Captain.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
21. — This afternoon Stanford elected her
new track captain, who is to serve during
next season. Charles Sumner Dole is the
lucky man who will strive next year to
make the team do bettor work than it did
this season. George Toombs is the retir
ing captain, and few men here have done
J so much to keep track athletics booming
las has Toombs. He made an excellent
captain, was a hard worker himself and
encouraged others to work also. During
his captaincy many new men were brought
out and developed, showing their ability
j even this year, while a large number of
I others will be ready for Varsity track work
next year as a result of their few weeks
j under Toonib* tnis season.
I Charles Dole, is well fitted to advance
; Stanford's reputation on the track. He
has long been an athlete, having made
several records under Y. M. C. A. auspices
before he attended Stanford in 18! M. Each
year he has shown a greater improvement
I in his track work, and he now ranks as
j champion all-K und athlete of the Y. M.
C. A. on tliia co ist. He is also champion
all-round athlete of Stanford University
and stands at the top of the list among
coast athletes. He holds several fine
records, among them being 10 feet 10£
inches for the j ,!e vault, the coast record;
.» feet VU Inches for the high jump; 20 feet
l\i inches for the running broad jump; 27
seconds for the 220-yard hurdles, and 16 1-5
seconds for the 120-yard hurdles. Besides
this Dole ha<; thown sp^ed in the short
dashes, 10 4-5 being his 100-yard record.
This brawny young fellow is but 22
years old ami wt-iutia 170 pounds in his
running clothes. He has shown consid
erable ability as a football player and was
a substitute on tho team last Thanksgiv
ing. During the last live minutes of the
game he took Frankenheimer's place at
left halfback. Unfortunately Dole has
met with accidents both years in the early
practice game-, which lai'i him out for the
season, but while playing and in good con
dition there are few men like him as a
line-smasher and runner with the ball.
Dole was born in Honolulu and is a
nephew of President Dole of the Sandwich
Islands. He comes from a family of
athletes, his brothers all being athletically
inclined and one of them having been on
Cornell's crack racing crew. His major
I subject here is economics.
Dole was also elected president of the
Student Guild to-day— an organization for
the assistance of needy students, especially
those who are taken sick while at college
and are without means.
Within a week Stanfoid University is
going to send out a unique collecting ex
pedition. It will be nothing less than a
wagon with complete camping and col
lecting outfit, under charge of two stu
dents—Messrs. J. O. Snyder and G. B.
Culver. The plans are to drive along the
coast line to the northern boundary of the
j Mate and return through the interior val-
I leys and fuoihills. All the streams will
be examined for the fishes they contain,
and an attempt will be made to trac2 the
geographical distribution of fresh-water
fishes on the coast. Three months will be
consumed in the trip.
Entrance examinations for Stanford are
to be held next Saturday, Monday and
Tuesday. They will be given simultaneously
on those days in the iullowing places, be
sides here on the campus: Lo3 Angeles,
Portland, Arcata, Nordnoft and Durango,
Colo.
Eastern students who desire to enter
Stanford examinations are admitted on
passing the examination given by Harvard.
SANTA ANA CLOSES
HER PARLIAMENT.
The Final Proceedings Are
Watched by a Large
Audience.
BRIGHT WOMEN DEBATE
"The Newspaper: Its Defects
and Its Merits" Proves a
Lively Topic.
MAN'S INHUMANITY TO WOMAN
Cruelty in Every Form Is Rebuked.
Woman Suffragists Get in at
the Win J -Up..
SANTA ANA, Cal.. May 21.— The clos
ing day of the meeting of the Woman's
I'arliament of Southern California was
even more of a success than the first.
When called to order tnis morning every
seat in the house was occupied, and be
fore noon an audience of fully 800 was
present. Last night's splendid meeting
served to increase the interest in the event,
and to-day ihe whole city seemed heartily
in accord with the women iv their work.
One very noticeable feature of the pro
ceedings has been the absence of the suf
frace question in the programme. Several
times ardent advoi/ators of woman's rights
attempted to get the suffrage issue before
the house, out each time President Kale
Topper Galpin ruled that it was
entirely out of order, although a
strong suffragist herself. She maintained,
and in this was supported by the meeting,
that while undoubtedly a large majority
of th*» members of the parliament were in
favor of equal rights of suffrage, thai
question was not included in the work of
the order and should not be forced upon
the conservative members who did not de
sire it. After the meeting adjourned to
day, however, Mrs. J. A. Osgood was put
in the chair temporarily and a motion was
put to the audience that all present who
lavored the right of suffrage being ex
tended should rise. This brought fully
four-fifths of the audience to its feet, and
the enthusiastic promoters of the motion
I were satisfied.
The subject which occupied the atten
tion of the parliament this morning was
certainly one furnishing colossal oppor
tunities fordiscussion, "Tne Newspaper."
The subject was presented in two depart
mentl — "Its Defects," by Mrs. K. E.
Bpaldiag of Pasadena, and ''Its Merits,"
by Mrs. William R. Spalding of Los Ange
les. Tne principal "defect' found by the
former lady was that newspapers pub
lished too much of sensational crime to
t lie sacrifice of more elevating subjects.
Mrs. William Spalding, however, found a
broad field in which to revel in showing
the merit.- of the modern journal. She
claimed that the character of a newspajwr
was molded by its environments. It must
adapt itself to the tastes of its readers.
Her experience had taught her that the
newspaper of to-day was not so bad as it
was depicted by its enemies.
"It is claimed that the press disregards
religion," said she, "but those who make
this claim always have the daily news
paper tin their tables as a monument to
their piety and consistency."
Mrs. Ella H. Underlain of the staff of
the Lo* Angeles Express opened the dis
cussion, and proved to be an able cham
pion of the press. Mrß. Dr. Reed of Pasa
dena discussed both sides of the question.
She was of the opinion that the news
papers were no worse than the peo
ple — that each educated the other.
Mrs. Davis of San Francisco and Mrs.
E. D. Buss of Tustin protested as mothers
against the practice of newspapers pub
lishing indecent advertisements, particu
larly those of patent medicine quacks.
Miss Minnie Reed of San Diego said she
did not think, as one lady claimed, that
readers encouraged newspapers in their
pernicious methods. She knew several
people herself who refused to subscribe
for sensational journals. Mrs. William
Spalding of Pasadena said the newspapei s
of Los Angeles pay out thousands of
dollars every year in expenses. They
must certainly yield a profit above this
amount, and tne undisputed fact that they
were prosperous was evidence that their
patrons were satisfied with them.
"Yes," she said, "we demand our daily
sensation."
This afternoon the programme opened
with a question-box conducted by Mrs.
Dr. Reed of Pasadena. An attempt was
made to introduce the suffrage question
here, but without succesn. Proper reading
matter in the family circle was advocated
and the introduction of politics in the pub
lic schools antagonized.
The closing subject of the programme,
"Inhumanity," brought out the spiciest
and most enjoyable debates of the whole
session. Mrs. Eugenia T. Manahan of
Pasadena led off with a thirty-minute
paper on "Inhumanity to Man." The
misunderstood passions in man were
pointed out as one of the causes of in
humanity that should no longer be per
mitted to exist.
"Truth, justice and humanity," she said,
"are essentials that should and will be
considered."
At this point Mr. Brainardof Santa Ana,
an elderly gentleman who is totally blind,
took the liberty of announcing that if he
lived until November he intended to cast
a vote for woman suffrage.
Mrs. Eliza A. Lawrence of San Pedro was
called for, and in response stated that she
had only to say that man's inhumanity to
man was well known; and us the period of
man's inhumanity to woman bad drawn
nearly to a close Bhe would not consume
the time of the parliament on the subject.
Mrs. Steelaof Compton followed with a
few remains. Next came "Inhumanity
to Girlhood," by Mrs. Harriet C. Wad
leißh of Los Angeles. She elicited the
sympathy of the audience with a few well
chosen instances of inhumanity to girls,
and gave an interesting account on the
methods employed at the Whittier State
School. The chief object of the paper was
to illustrate the necessity of providing
suitable homes for wayward girls who had
served at reform schools or other places of
correction.
The last subdivision of the subject in
hand, "Inhumanity to Animals," had the
effect of bringing the whole assemblage
into a scrimmage of good-natured thrusts
and repartee. Being the closing feature, a
feeling of something akin to abandon en
sued when the opportunity was so excel
lently furnished. Mrs. Osgood commenced
by referring to the bad practice of allow
ing children to kill insects, etc. Inhuman
instincts are thus liable to be fostered,
which may show themselves to a danger
ous extent in later years. She referred to
the cruel practice of docking horses' tails,
and alluded to numerous other "inhuman
ities" that were unnecessarily perpetrated
upon the helpless dumb animals and
beasts.
At this juncture Mrs. L. H. Mills, dis
trict secretary of Orange County, read an
extract from the Santa Ana Daily Herald
in which that paper announced that it
would furnish the ladies of Orange County
an opportunity in the near future of vot
ing upon suffrage at a woman's election
for the purpose of determining whether or
not the women really wanted to vote.
This news was received with hearty ap
plause.
Mrs. Reed of Pasadena then resumed
discussion on the "previous question,"
and spoke of the brutality of using birds
for bat trimming. She thought that even
the practice of plucking feathers for such
uses was cruel and unnecessary. This had
the result of a committee waiting upon
Mrs. Reed to examine the feather in her
own hat. It was found to be an artificial
one, however. This feather discussion
grew into an animated all-round fusilade,
and the hats of the entire audience were
carefully scrutinized at long and short
range.
At the close of the discussion a rising j
vote of thanks was tendered to the Orange i
County ladies for their hospitality, and |
then again the suffrage question reap- .
peered. A lady wanted an expression |
from the house on the woman suffrage
plank. Then, as related previously, Mrs.
Gilpin ruled the motion out of order, as
the aim of the parliament was not to re
form, but to discuss and instruct. She I
thought that if it was desired to secure |
such an exuression from the audience, as !
an assemblage of women and not as
a parliament, it would be perfectly
proper, and Mich a step couid be taken
after adjournment.
The business of the parliament being
completed, an adjournment followed.
Mrs. Galpm called Mrs. Osgood to the
chair and almost the entire audience of
ladies rose in favor of woman suffrage
when the question was put. The parlia
ment then "broke ranKs" and enjoyed a
social half hour, when the visiting ladies
departed for theii* homes, r.eartily prais
ing the manner in which the session had
been conducted and declaring it to be the
most profitable one in all the history of
the organization.
SANTA BARBARA NEWS
Petition for a National Park in
the San Ra ael Moun
tains.
The Section Embraces Lake Zika and
Is a Favorite Health and
Pleasure Resort.
SANTA BARBARA, Cm., May 21.—
A petition signed by leadine residents of
this county has been lorwarded to Wash
ington asking Congress to forever reserve
from settlement, for the purpose of a Na
tional park, two sections of land in the
San Rafael Range in northern Santa Bar
bara County, including witliin their
boundaries that beautiful sheet of water
known as Lake Zaka. This lies at an ele
vation of about 3000 feet above sea level
and is surrounded by a wild and pictur
esque mountain region. It is widely
known as a health resort in summer and
is a favorite resort with the pleasure-seeker
and sportsman. The land surrounding it
has just been surveyed. It possesses little
or no value lo the farmer or stock-raiser,
and any would-be settler would make en
try of the land only for the purpose of
reapine a harvest from those who seek
tl c locality for its scenic beauty.
Edgar B. Davidson, who represents Thk
Call in the Santa Ynez Vail y, has been
the chief worker In inaugurating this
movement for the public cood.
STOCKTON`S BIG CELEBRATION.
yatire Sons Working Like Beavers for
its Suecees.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 21.— Stockton
Parlor of Native Sons is leaving no stone
unturned to make the Admission day cel
ebration a great success. To-night there
was an important meeting of the general
committee for the purpose of hearing the
reports of the various sub-committees and
the apportioning of funds to those com
mittees. It had been decided to be liberal
with all the committees, but not to allow
any to exceed the sum allotted to it, and
besides this a reserve fund of $1000 was cre
ated to-night for the purpose of meeting
sundry expenses that may arise at the last
minute. It has been practically decided
that there will be a monster regatta on the
channel on one of the days that the Na
tives will be here in September. Besides
the usual barge and shell races there will
be launch races and all sorts of aquatic
sports for the amusement of the thousands
who will flock here on that day.
/ >' «>io- Vmlrrn Hiiuititury Dispute.
FRESNO, Cal., May 21— The Board of
Supervisors to-day appointed a committee
to confer with the Supervisors of Madera
County with the view of havine a portion
of the boundary between Fresno and
Madera counties purveyed. The Ban
Joaquin River is on the line, and for
thirty- five miles it is cut up into numerous
channels, leaving doubt as to which is the
main river. Numerous islands are in dis
pute. It is proposed to appoint a joint
commission to settle the matter.
NEW TO-DAT.
p f^ 3 ■^ "^ a c =^I ~ [ f
You can't buy a "cheap"
Adams & Westlake metal
bed. Plain or showy —
same quality.
California Furniture Company
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117 Geary Street.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings '
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
17-123 Geary Street.
HDDYAN
BUDTAI CURES
Sufferers from
111 If I A.I PIIRIiW the effects to
tIUIII AiI tUIIEiO a buse ought to.
know by this time
HUDM CURES of the Wonderful
ULlfl.i.l VLRL>3 power of Hudyan.
■mil CURES ||™^
HUMAN CURES Stops the losses of
HUM CURES 1^ £
velopes aiiu re-
eiDYAN cures ;n.™&*!!{
from Neurasthe-
BUDYAX CURES nia - Nervous De -
H I IF 1 Ail ll'llLO bility, Nervous
Night Losses, In-
IMIkltY niDPiJ flanimations, Hy-
-1 11 V 1.1.1. 1.1 I'UiitiO drocele, Varico-
'* cele, pies,
HinVi\ CURES Drains, you ought
11 1 If I A.I I lULO to learn some-
thing about the
BUDYAS CURES wonder of this
11 UU 1,1:1 l/UULtt century, about the
eUD¥A\ CURES K;Va?i«r T n\n
luuviaj \J lillCO about the great
n , r nimna Mudyan from the
: HUDM CURES s£,o r ,^r=
HUDYAN CURES S-VS T t!il
Hudson Medical
ninVlY ftITDPCJ Institute are the
ilLiVlAil HKLiS only persons who
can give you tha
HUDYAS CUES Great Hudyan.
II ULr I Ail vlliljO Call or write for
NIDUS CURES
• HUDYAN CURES. :
• •
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
Bad blood, pimples, copper-
colored spots, tainted blood,
can be cured in a short time if
the correct methods are used.
• blood :
BOOK :
; FREE. :
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
STATEMENT
OF TRI
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
Insurance Company (Limited)
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day as made to the Insurance Com-
missioner of the Statf of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and Hll of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up In
cesn $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds ownt-d by company $1, 257,9 58 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds,stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks 46,066 00
Premiums indue course of collection 218,059 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 9,955 00
Stamps on hand 962 00
Total assets 540.000 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense 128,700 00
Gross premiums on marine and In-")
land navigation risks: reinsur- 1
ance 100 per cent }- 116,055 00
Gross oremiums on marine time |
risks: reinsurance BO per cent.. I
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc., and sundry creditors 109,431 00
Amount carried to suspence account . 28.780 00
Total liabilities $382,966 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for marina
premiums 430,335 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources....- 35,390 00
Total income...... $465.7*25 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses. . . 412 901 00
Dividends to stockholders. 50,000 00
Paid for salaries, feus and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 37,795 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 1,220 00
All other payments and expenditures 10,045 00
Total expenditures $511,961 00
Losses incurred during rtie year $ 394,976 00
RISKS AND PREMIUMS. ,'.-■.
I MARINE BISKS. | PREMIUMS.
Net amount of risks I j
written durin; the I
year | $69,136,700 | $430,335 00
Net amount of rlstcs j
expired during I
the year | 67.079.885 | 891,830 00
Net amount In force 1
December 31,1 ■■:'>;,•' ;:
18&5 I 7.490.450 116,055 00
" JASi. G. NICHOLSON, President.
JOHN OICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day
of February, 1896. w. J. BUUB.
W. J. SULIS.
Vice and Deputy Consul at Liverpool.
J.D. SPRECKELS & BROS. COMPANY,
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B. F. DAVIS Si SON, MANAGERS,
Office, 407-409 Montgomery St.,
SaN FRANCISCO.
Telephone Main 5968.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tome for th»
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and »
great remedy for diseases of tbft kidneys and blal-
der. A (Treat Restorative, Invigoratoraud Nervlna.
Bells on its own Merits— no long-winded i«ju-
monlals necessary.
bAAmJt, <*US & Hlil m:, Agents,
323 Market St.. S. y.-(asend for ClrculatJ
COSMOPOXiITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st. Han
I- ran cisco, Cal — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board an! room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 p«r
day, according to room. Meals 25a Room* LA
•nd 75c a day. Jfre«i coach to and from thahotaL
Look for the coacu bearing the name of the CqZ
niopuatau Hotel wit! i'AUKY. PropnatwTTWO OUTSIDERS GOT IN
Myron and Bohemian Lass Won
Without Much Sup
port.
FAVORITES IN THREE EVENTS.
Toano Was First in a Big Gallop.
Hello Bat Arundel a Nose in
a Sensational Finish.
The unexpected downpour of a belated
April shower did nol seriously impede
students of form in picking winners at
the track yesterday, for they were down
with both feet o:i three of the live winning
horses. The card was an abbreviated one,
there being but live events to be decided.
The two outsiders that escaped the wise
division were Bohemian Lass, who took
the two-year-old dash at odds of 15 to 1,
and Myron, winner of one of the skate
events with 8 to 1 about him.
The finish to the steeplechase over the
regular coorse was the most sensational
one for many moons. In a drive from the
head of the stretch Hello, the 7 to 5
favorite, and Arundel, backed from 7 to 3
to 1. ran like a team, the first choice, rid
den !y Clancy, petting the decision by an
English pug n< s
Mr. Kamsdell's gelding Myron, who
was never oi much account except in
muddy going, was rather overlooked in
the betting on the opening five-furlong
ooKs laying 8 to 1 against
him at the post time. Ike Johnson got
him away in front and after a tussle with
the Becond .'.oice, Grade S, beat the mare
out at the wire by two lengths in 1:04%.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California Jockey Club's Spring Meeting, Bay District Track. Nineteenth day. Thurs
w day, .May _1, 1896. Weather showery. Track sloppy.
221.
FIRST HACK— Five lurioU'is; four-year-oids and upward; conditions; purse $300.
ndex-l Horse, age, weight. I St. V* »/* j str. Fin. Jockeys. lop." 1 '"!''!.
1213 Myron. 4 109 S li£ 11 11 12 Johnson 8 8
racleS, 0 115 4 23 23 24 26 !f. Weber 8-5 5-2
Inoolt, 4 107 9 92 81 71 3h Russell 6 7
1194 Harry Lewia, 6...114 6 4 3 41 3Vi 41 K^.iuosa «0 100
1220 America, 4 107 S 6 Vis 61 41 63 11. >vi.th 2 8-5
1181 Hai Fisher, a 115 7 81 6 5 6h McKenna 20 30
11^7 Garda.a 11. 2 7> 2 7 '• 2 8 7 4 Bozeman I 8 10
r.'ii : Bert. 6 112 5 6h 93 9 82 Wickline 40 100
1181 Bordeaux, 5 11J 1 3 1 :< Vi ; 6 1 915 Ames 15 'JO
1191 bailie Cal vert, 4.. 107 10 10 10 10 10 Wilson 50 100
Stan Qg-gate used. Won htndilv. Winner, Ira Kamsd ell's b. g., by imp. MidJothlan-by Great
om. Time, 1:04%.
>).).) SECOND RACE— Six furlonßs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse $300.
Ddex. H or se. age, weight, j St.j 14 % s4s 4 Str . t - ia . Jockeys. lop"""?!
1206 Toano. a 11l 2 12 13 14 Jl6 'Hennessv Tij I^3
1193 Heartsease, 3 05 4 21 21 24 210 Itawley. 5 8
UtiT Alllntus. 3 95 S 43 46 46 32 H. Brown 4 11-2
asftl, S t»7 7 31 34 32 48 Rowan 20 40
1201 Banjo, 5 Hi!* 1 64 5 1 6 4 5 3 | Martin 15 25
1 fta. 4 107 5 ........ 7 7 61 67 BenMß 30 40
1191 Mollie Uawn. 3...108 6 5b 62 7 8 |\V. Woods.. . 100 300
Stnrtine-gate used. Won easily. Winner, William Bloombaugh's b. g., by Longfellow-Salara.
me, 1:1 dVa- - : •*'
*)'}O THIRD RACK— Four furlongs; selling: two-year-olds; conditions; allowances: purse $300.
Index. Horse, weight. I Bui 14 I % % Str. I Fin. Jockeys. oßeo Be " ID ci
1182 Bohemian Lass. .los 3 11 12 16 Hennessy. .. ~8 7
1182 Dolore 105 1 2Va 2% 21 Snider. 1 2
1188 Santa Paula 105: •_' 41 31 3V* Peoples 6 7
1216 Torpedo. 108" i 3% 42 48 H. Smith 2 2
3188 iltebekah 109 6 i 6 6 5 3 Coady 10 30
1212 (Tortoise 110) 5; : 61 5% ! 6 Bozeman. 15 15
■ :Er-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Bohemian stable* eh. f.. by Flambeau-imp. Amelia.
'ice, :!r ,
L»1O 1 FOI'P.TH RACE— About one and a half miles; handicap; steeplechase; four-year-olds and
__"±. upward; purse $400.
Index. Hor<e, age, weight I St. ! 1J 4J {BJI 7J i«tr.J j Pin. i Jockeys. ! Betting.
; ! I 1 | u p- <■■»•
1176 Hc'.lo, 4 140 411142 11 23J261n W. Clancy. J3-2 7^6
(l.'ll • Arundel. 5 13* 1 ! 32 8 Ifa 21 1% IJA 215 Cuddy. .... 3 7
911 Mesior.6 135 2j 42 615 550 5 46 3 2 Peters. . . 6 10
(1177) Huntsman. 5 IL'5 5 ' 2 i/ 2 ' '2 2 31 ' 3 1 33, 4SO Jlennessy . 4
1218 Bel Stonewall. 4 123 3162j1 114 15 410 5 5 llerritt .. 20 40
1210 I'ukv su-veus, 6 128 7 17 6 6 6 6 6 .Finn !10 15
1211 The Lark, 5 143 6 1 61 ; • ' j ! ijir. B»got ' 6 8
1 at s<
! s:un. Won driving.
econd Jump.
Winner, O. F. Johnson's b. g., by Sid-by Reveille.
Time, 3:25. • Rider
1 •)')' FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse f3OO.
Jade*. Horse, age. weight. 6u Vi \ V» % ! Btr. Fin. Jockeys. l, Betting.
! i L>p. 1 1.
1166 Thornhill, 5 109 6 41 23 3% i 2% 12 Condy iTs 7^
1210 Tar and Tartar, 6.105 4 2b. 3% 23 33 2 3 Bozeman. " 7 15
1197 I Little Cripple, 5.. 102! 1 62 62 6 4 3% Johnson... *" 4 <?
(116') Candor 4 100 6 11 In 1% 1% 44 Wilson .'. 15 35
1197 -ratlirlowrr, 5...100 23 y a 63 6 6 63 Martin 3 5
1204 lAllI All Smoke, 4 100 88 71 7 7 163 H. Brown '" 7 15
1210 May Day, 5 105 7 61 41 42 8 76 Snider....'...*."". 15 20
1103 |Duch Milpitas, 4.100 3 76 8 8 8 | 8 'Butler 16 30
*taninij-sate used. Won easily. Winner, T. Lundy's eh. h., by imp. Cheviot-Phcebe Anderson!
Time, I :ib^\.
1 Betting.
|Op. Cl.
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day's Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races whrre tbe horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
J-IKST RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
j | Best i
Index, j Name. , Lbs^ record. | Dist. Lbs Tic Owner. Pedigree.
12J8 Tamalpais 109 1:16 !6f j 104 F... i Mrs. Anderson 'Joe Hooker-Una
IjIK Verdette HOnorec IVici etable ' Vin-Lncy Lonit
1221 Harry Lewis. ... 109 IJ. M add ox i Versailles-Cousin Kate
1208 MinniebyKlrn 101 no rec Phopnlx stable ■ Red Iron-Miss Metford
l-'i-l Jerome a 114 P. Weber i Joe Daniels- Sweet briar
T2lB SYensali 107 J. O. Bayley Verano-Kxperiment
218 Normandle 107 1:16 I 8f 109 Fa. Ramsdcii f;arland Imp. Krrle Daly-Kxtract
1194 Joe Cotton 109 1:U834I si/ s f 129 F... Berkeley stable. ... j Wmteri-Cotton Nose
1218 Irma 108 1:11 5Va f 104 H. . F. Brown Ist. Saviour-Ella T
Owner.
Pedigree.
BSCOKD HACK— Seven furlongs; selling: inside course.
Index.
I Best I
Name. ' Lbs record. >
Dist.
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
i
|
i
: I
„
1210 Vernon 104 1:09 5% t I9IF. .E. Hlnkleman . . Powhattan-Verna
j-,'03 Carrol Cook ' 104!norec i *«;»••¥? G. <&*•? Ed Corripan-Idalene Cotton
•1205 Miss Ruth 105 1:42% 1 m 94 F. .A. H. Martin >obrante-Ruth
1225 May Day 109!l:4H/ 2 a ra 104 F. A. P. Miller John A-JLowena R
943 A.shlnd Edlps*. 104;i:07V2J5 f 107 H..is. W. Crorier LORlc-Hlne -Mooklnei
1208 Warr o... 104 Garden City stable Warwick-Fedalma W
1189 Cataloeue... 104 ('. W. Tyron lOano-Jeaie C
.1214 Imp. Kndymiou 92 F. L. Harris Euterpriße-^aDient!*" s - W^ 1
1205 Morven 106 l:l6y*6f 128 F White & Clarke.... Imp? (heviot I urline
1218 Little Tough.... 106 1:08% 8% f 101 F. .A. W. Llndaev... Glen Elm-Unknown
1192 Decision 93,1:34 '* 7 f 92 F. .W. Donovan... Imp. Walne" Sta
1220 AblP 104!l:0U / « 8 5 f 109 F. .G. Pacheco. • ThrVcheervl.airv Maid
,1214  Yon Dunk ... ■ 95.n0 rec*: D. Bridges . Imp!conve[n-Br U nova
TUIKD lIACE- Six furlongs; selling.
Best I I | ' '
Intiex. Name. ! Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. redleree.
Owner.
Ted I (rree.
1147 .Major Cook 109 1:13 8 1 104 P.. Livlng.ton stable... Bulwark-sr to Violet
1210 Charles A 1 1 i 1 : 453/ l m i Oi j H. . P. A rchlbald John A-Earl v Kosp
1019 San Marco 100 1:1..%.6 f 117 F.. K. Blazer Ip. Nt Blafsp-Ro^nd Dance
1194 Una Qne Amo.. ;95 1:03 51 103 Fa. Ferris II artman 1 orso-I i V ,.,
VllO ll. man 11l 1:10% 6% f 118 a. F. Wilson : Hiinyar-aiLVi" B
1222 .AUl.vus 95 1:164 6 f 102 H.. W. D. Randall.. . Imp Inverness- Vffinitv
1220 !My sweetheart. 107 1 16 ■-• 61 111 P. G. Mathews. Major Ban-IJbbPriJHihh<.t
(1202) I Virile A 9»jl:O9V» 5% * 105 F.. B. Ward ... True Briton Hie B^ha
1218 Llnville 11l 1:1634 6f ,10H Fa. JMunto & 1iuyz...... Warwick" hlSta Berlha
>"OT,'ETIi RACE— Five furlongs: two-year-olas. ~~~~ ~*
I 1 Best I I "
Jndpx. Name. Lbs Record Dist. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1216 |Tbe Plunger.... 100 JF^Ei 7 :::: P.Archibald Imp. Idallum-Annle Lewis
1130 Claudia T 100 no rec K. Barron . Flambeau P?lcion«
........ Gertrude jS TUSfoSr Si «: S^:':r::::::: Prince lloVk™Ladv Lelnstr
1138 Sweet William.. 108 :60% % m 111 Fa. O. Baron ! FltSjame^Ol"^' ■
■1212 Dok4 7 -*- inn' "" rr ' C I U Kf lsh BenAlMmp.D U eh«» Kendall
1216 ~ Olce 100 no rec. Pueblo stable iFlambeau-imp. Jnnet N
1174 '?«!„ ' }?& now -' Bohem, an stable.... !Imp. Mi.ilothian-I.urline
1174 ,\\ idow Jones... 100 no rec D. J. Tobln Bt. Andrew-Hattle Bail
Owner.
I
Pedigree.
FUTH KACt— Five and a half furlongs; selling.
| I . best ;
Index.- Isanae. Lbs ! record. 1 Diit
LbsTk.i
Owner.
Pedigree.
_ i |
1206 IGeorpe Miller... I
1*216 Nell Flaherty..
1170 Peixotto I
1222 Kasel
(1193) Wai. Pinkerton
1193 ill. Boy ■
302 Lady t.ray
(311) George Hose — |
1 109 :i:08Vi 1 Si/is f 111 F... W. L. Stanfleld..... Loftln-Emma ' '
o- i •-, ;;; • «.; ;;•• 11. Stipe. ■ Little Alf-Gypsy Queen
97 1:14% 6 ' 8? '•- J. J. Coulter Imp. Brutus-by Kelpie
"11:17 !6 f 99 H.. Woodlawn stable.. Ben All-Azza
90 l:15y 2 6 1 97 F... S. C. Hltdreth .Shannon- Fannie Lewis
90 l:Uli /2 5 f 1061F... jKraus* <fc Co. ; Faustus-Mt. City stable
Soli :02y a 5 f 94 F... 1 . 1. Woods Imp. Suwarrow-Muta
1:11 ,si^ f 104,'H.. G. K. Rider......... Three Cheers-Charity
SIXTH BACK— SIX furlongs: selling.
Index. !
Name.
I Bent |
Lbs record. ; .Dist.
I Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedirree.
1215 Boreas. 110 1:151,4 j6f 107 F..10. R05e....... Eollan-Ordnance
1213 Howard 118 •-•■.. R. E. Dolan Tyrant-Mayette
1213 F.ivory..: ■?? 1 I: ?^J' 104 F.. O. P. Miller John A-Lowena R
1210 Seaside. :.. 107 1:15 6f 105 F.. p. Blebenthaler.... Imp. Mariner
1173 N«w Moon 93 1:17% 81 . 97,11. W. D. Randall Hyder All-Namonia
\'i\\ A " enus ":".- • I "4 ;Nore . c - ! • A. Maddox Ar/jryle-by Sir Mod red
} ki Coda.... 93 •-...... Pueblo stable Imp. Cvrus-Rosetta
l-'O3 ? a Blue ->— 107,l:14»/ 4i 6 1 . 102 F.. J. Rogers. Blue Wing-Bay Betty
1207 Lucky D.. 107 ........ ••-... E. J. Appleby...... Prince Noriolit-Kitty'L»mb
1078 Z001e1n..........i i ll 2 l:l7%|tff 122 H.. T. D. Warwick...... Zorllla-Frauleln
America, the 8 to 5 choice, could not un
track herself, coming in among the tail
en«iers plastered over with mud.
The ring laid 1 to 2 against Toano win
ning the next event, a six-furlong selling
affair, which, considering the company he
had to beat, looked a very liberal price.
Away from the post third llennessy took
him out in front and he won all the way,
passing the judges four lencths in ad
vance of Heartsease in 1:16)4. Afflatus,
the second choice, was a poor third.
Six youngsters sported silk in the four
furlong dash for beaten non-winners since
April 15. The Pueblo stable's Wildidle
filly Dolore opened a pronounced even
money choice, but was evidently not
fancied by the stable, and receded in the
betting to twos.
Torpedo, who on the day previous made
a very poor showine, was sent out a 9 to 5
favorite. Dolore was first to show after
the start, but was outrun from the jump
almost by Bohemian Lass, an 8 to 1
chance, who won in a bi^ romp by six
lencths in 50V.{ seconds. In a drive Dolore
headed Santa Paula out a length for
the place.
Baldfaced Thornhill did not let his
friends down yesterday, but pulled oft the
final event over a mile in g.illant fashion.
He was an Bto f> favorite in the betting,
and after laying second to Candor and Tar
and Tartar to the stretch came on and
won easily by a couple of lengths in
1 :45& Little Cripple, who was plunged
on, being backed down from 4 to _ to 1,
finished third behind Tar and Tartar.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Ike Johnson, on Little Cripple, luckily
got in before the winning horse was auc
tioned off.
"My country, 'tis of thee"; Jockey
Henry Smith rode an 8 to 5 favorite in
America.
Mr. Bagot, the gentleman rider who
had the mount on The Lark in the
steeplechase, experienced a bad fall at the
jump in the hollow, but he escaped with a
severe fracture of his high starched collar.
At the last Ingleside meeting spurious
tickets of admission were disposed of by
outside parties and the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club was defrauded of several dol
lars thereby. It now transpires that a
couple oi employes of the H. S. Crocker
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRTDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
Company working in the lithographine
room were quietly purloining the desired
coupons and dealing them out to friends
on the outside to dispose of. A porter
in one of the prominent hotels
was found with a supply, as well us
one or two handicap "spielers" that
dispense their wares outside of
the gate. Chief Ticket Clerk May, who
made the discovery, stales that Secretary
Leake of the Ingleside Association has or
dered all of the old tickets in, and the rich
bonanza will probably be a failure at the
coming meeting. No arrests have beeu
made in connection with the case.
INTERCLASS ATHLETICS.
Polytechnic High School Field Day at
the Olympic Club Grounds.
The first annual interclass field day of
the Polytechnic High School will be held
at the Olympic Club grounds to-morrow at
2p. m. The following are the entries:
100-yard da*h, first heat— Healey '90. Mor
ton its, Dyker '9S, Gay '98, Castagn*tto '97.
100-yard dash, second heat— Cobleig-h '98,
Riccomi "98, Smith '97. Mau '97, Welsh '97.
ISO-yard hurdle, first heat— Dorr '98. Grant
97_; second heat— Nathan '98, Mau '97, Pope
440-yard run— Smith '97, Gay '97, Hanley
'9S, CastHKnetlo '97, Hammer '98, Dorr '98,
Pope "97, Healey '96.
Hue-mile run— Ht-aley '98, Duden '98, Harri
dan '9t>, Smith '97, Cronin '97, Krnnk-' '9t>.
880-yard run— Pltehiord '98, Smitb '97, Pope
'97, Hammer '98, Duden '98, Harrigan '96,
Kro«nke '96.
220-yard hurdle, first heat— Dorr '9B, Grant
'97, White '97. 220-yard hurdle, second heat —
Nathan 'SH. Dudea "98, Mau '97.
220-yard dash, first beat— Gay '98, Dykes '98,
Healey '.»•;, Smitb '!»7. 220-yard dash, second
heat— Riccomi 9S, Welsh '97, Morton '98, Cas
taßneuo '97.
Running broad jump— Welsh '97, Mau '97,
Pope '97, Levy '98, Nathan '98, Smith '97,
Grant '97.
High jump— Grant '97, Mau '97, Pope '97,
Dorr '98,
Tole vault— Grant '97, Mau '97, Pope '97,
Hialey '96, Nathan '98.
.Slmt-rut— Nathan '98, Mau '97, Welsh '97,
Pope '97. Cronin '97, Wuite '97.
Hammer-throw— Nathan '98, Duden '98,
lope '97. Cronin '97, White '97. Welsh '97
Mile relay race between classes of '96, '97,
'98, each class to have six men.
ENTRIES FOR THE RACES
Handicaps of Riders Who Will
Compete at Central Park
To-Morrow.
National Circuit Will Move Eastward
After These Races— Terrill
May Ride.
The entries and handicaps for the second
National circuit race meeting, to be held
at Central Park to-morrow afternoon and
evening, have been announced. There is
a noticeable falling off in the number of
amateur entries, while the prolessional
event? are better filled than they were at
the races last week, v."hich is just as well,
as the professional races are far more
interesting and exciting.
H. B. Freeman of the Bay City Wheel
men, who rode as an amateur until this
week, has joined the ranks of the "pros"
aiul will ride his initial race fora cash
prize to-morrow. The races in the after
noon will commence at 2 o'clock and in
the evening, by electric light, at 8. The
meet is sanctioned by the League of
American Wheelmen and conducted under
its racing rales and by its authorized
official*;.
Tue following are the entries and handi
caps:
Onernlle, handicap, profess ionnl: First heatr-
W. F. Foster. O. C. W., scratch; H. E. McCrea,
B. C. W, 30 yards: F. K. gait Lake,
50; W. A. Terrill. B. C. \V., 65; C. L. Dmvis, <;.
C. C, 75; J. F. Slaver, Portland, 80. Second
hi-Rt— C. & Wells, B. f. W, scratch; J. E. El
wards, O. C. W, 40 yards; J. M. Campbell, G. C.
C, 55; W. J. Evans, Michigan, 70; Russell
(ushiup, G. C. C..HO; f.M. Uyrne, I. C. (.'., 100.
Third heat— C. K. Coulter, 6. C. W., scratch;
A. lan N. Jones, O. C. W., 45 yards; R L. Lone,
B. C. W.. f)0; W. W. Hattoii, 6. C. W., 70; Harry
F. Terrill, B. CW- 00; B.H.Barnes, EL W.,
120. Fourth heal— Oscar Osen. O. Cy., 50
yards; Eli Winseit, Washington, tiO; R. F.. Dow,
G. c. c., 75; B. 6. I'arket, Michigan, 90; H.
B. Freeman, B. C. W., 110. Winners of each
heat und second in fastest heat to qualify for
the final.
Two-thirds mile scratch, professional: First
heat— C. K. Coulter, 0. C. W. ; W. A. Terrili, B.
i . \V,; Eli Wiiißctt. Washington; F. M. Byrne,
I.C. C. ; H. B. Freeman, B. C. W. Second heat—
H. E. MtcCne, B. C. W.; Allan X. Jones, O. C.
\Y.; B. O. Parker. B. C. \V.; Oscar Osen, 0. Cv. ;
J. K. Stayer, I.C. C; C. L. Davis, O. C. W. Third
heat— W. F. Foster, O. C. W. ; H. F. Terrill, B
I W. ; J. ML Campbell, G. C. C. ; R. L. Long, B
C. W. ; Russell Cushing, G. C. 0. ; W. W. Hatton,
B.C.W. Fourth heat— C. 8. Weils, B. C. W-
P. E. Bcbefaki, Halt Lake; J. K. Edwards, O. C.
W.; W. J. Evans, Michigan; B.H.Barnes, H.
W. Winners of each heat und second in fast
est heat to qualify for the final.
One mile novice: 1 irsi ln-at— H. Zaches,
C. C. C; J. W. Ansley, & F. R. C; W. H. Smith,
LC.C; R. Alexander (formerly R. A. Plun
kett), unattached. Second heat— Albert Scheib,
unattached; C. F. Orra, unattached; James
Wall, C. C. C. ; J. P. Jaegling, LC.C. Third
heat— Edward Westphal. O. Cy. ; L. E. Pels, S F
R. C; B. H. Elford, Reliance; F. E. Wulzen,
Acme. Winners of each heat and second in
fastest heat to qualify for the final.
Hp-H-mile scratch, amateur: First heat— T.
A. Griffiths. B. C. W.; L. E. Pels, S. F. R. C.J E
C. Barley, I. C. C. ; R. Alexander fiormerly R.
A. Plunkett), unattached; J. E. Wing, B. J. R.
C. Second heat— l. R. Mott, R. A. C. ; 11. Stern
berg, C. C. C; B. C. Raynaud, B. C. W.; J. J.
Borreo, I. C. c. ; J. l'osner, unattached. Third
heat-F. L. Day, B. C. W. ; G. M. Hamlin, S. V.
R. C ; J. A. Code Jr., O. C. W.; T. Alborelle, I.
C. C; h. C. Han.«en, C. C. C. Fourth heat— H.
Downing, G. C. C; C. A. Kraft, B. C. W • B
Saunders, I. C. C; P. A. Deacon, R. A. C. C.
D. Gooch. R. A. C. Filth heat— A. H. Agnew
Acni>-; B. H. Elford. R. A. C. ; F. Rudolph O
Cy.; R. RubiMjn.S. P. R. C. Winner oi each
heat to qualify for final.
One-mile handicap, amateur: First heat—
PR Mott, K. A. C, '20 yards: G. It, Hamlin.
B. P. R. C, 40; C. A. Kraft, B. C. W., GO; R.
Alexander (formerly R. A. Plunkett), unat
tached, SO; J. Posner, unattached, 100- L T
Wagner, U. C. W., ]00. Second heat— J." c'
\\iug, S JR. ( :io yards; A. H. Agnew,
Acme, oO; F. L. Day. B.C. W.,55; T. Albo
rehe, I. C. ('., 60 ; W. P. Code, unattached, and
A. M. Posner, unattached, 100. Third heat—
T. A. (.rifliths, B. r. \\., •_."> yards; B C Rav
naud, B. C. W., 50; F. E. Wulzen, Acnn" 75;
W. E. Klotz, C. C. C, 80; J. U. Borree I C c '
100. Fourth heat— L. E. Pels, S. F R( ' 7«{
yards; P. A. Deacon, R. A. C, 80; F E Ro
dolph, O. Cy., 80; E. WeMphal, O. Cy., and B
If. Eliord, R. A. (  1OO; J. A. Code, 6. C W "
160. First in each heat and second in fa«test
heat to qualify for final.
Harry F. Terrill of the Bay City Wheel
men, who was suspended by the referee at
the Santa Rosa races on May 2. has been
reinstated by the racing board, and will
ride in to-morrow's events.
This will be the last of the National cir
cuit on this coast this year, as it starts
south and then east after to-morrow
Many of the professionals who will ride
to-morrow will fohow the circuit east as
the large cash prizes offered are a great'in
ducement, and the man who wins two or
three first prizes per month on!v will
make several hundred dollars thereby.
THE FIRE DEPARTMENT.
An_OrdTnance Asked to Regnlate the
Tearing Up of Street™
The Fire Commissioners at their meet
ing yesterday afternoon instructed Secre
tary Maxwell to send a communication to
the Board of Supervisors asking that an
ordinance be passed prohibiting the tear
ing up of more than one block on a street
at a time. At the fire last week at Ninth
and Folsom streets one of the hosecarts
got stuck owing to the torn-up condition
of the street, and was extricated with con
siderable difficulty. \
The Board of Supervisors will be also
requested to order 1000 hydrants, more or
less, during the next fiscal year.
John McGoury, driver of chemical en
gine 3, and ,M. Fitzhenry, driver of trucK
3, were each fined three days' pay for
springing the axles of their apparatus by
careless drivine. The resignation of George
H. Thomas of truck 1 was accepted.
• » •
Physiologists say that of all people in
middle life, at least one-third have one
ear in some degree affected by deafness.
ALL AROUND SPORTS
Olympic Club Will Send a
Team of Athletes to
Portland.
Kid McCoy Writes That He Will Not
Fight Choynski— MDrtimer on
Dog Shows.
_"Rom all accounts J. J. Jeffries, the
heavy-weight pugilist, who is at present
looking after the interests of Billy Gal
lagher at his training quarters, Six-mile
House, is a first-class boxer. Gallagher
says that he would back him (Jeffries) for
all the money he ever possessed against
any man in America, barring Jim Corbett,
a man who Gallagher thinks is the wonder
of the age, or any other age for mat mat
ter.
Jeffries is 1!» years old, stands 6 feet 2\i
inches without the aid of stockings and
wears arms that in length and strength
compare favorably with the great John L.
SulJivan when the latter was in his prime.
Jeffries has fought and whipped twenty
men during his short career as a prize
tighter, and is now looking for big game.
Choynski may be induced to try the
newly discovered wonder of the orange
croves in a game called smash and miss.
There was some talk recently of matching
good-natured Joseph against "Kid" Mc-
Coy, but the latter has set all doubts aside
on this subject in a letter to Eddie Graney,
which states that Mr. McCoy has no par
ticular desire to enter into a fistic argu
ment with GboynakL In other words,
McCoy acknowledges that the Californian
is slightly nigh in came for him, and that
he will content himself for awhile at least
by meeting fighters who can be more
easily disposed of.
The program me arranged by the National
Club for its next fistic exhibition at the
Pavilion, on June 3, reads:
Tom Sharkey vs. Jim Williams, champion of
Palt Lake, ten rounds; Danny Xeerthain and
Hilly Gallagher, ten rounds; Billy Smith and
Pauy Kerrigan, ton rounds: Arthur Walker
and iieorge Allen, both ot Australia, ten
rounds.
All the boxers are training at their re
spective stations, and latest accounts state
that every man is now almost in the pinlr.
of condition.
The directors of the Olympic Club have
decided to advance sufficient money to
Captain Gill of the club to defray the ex
pense- of a team of all-round athletes in
a trip to Portland, Or. Captain Gill has
been in correspondence with the Mult
nomah Club of Portland for some tune,
with a view of holding an interstate ath
letic competition at Portland in June.
Now that the olh'cers of the Olympic
have given the scheme favorable considera
tion Captain <>ill has commenced to make
the necessary preparations for the con
templated invasion of trie Northwest.
The Multnomah Athletic Club will hold
its annual field day in Portland June 27,
and there can be no gainsaying tne fact
that a large gathering of the lovers of
good athletic sport will be present on this
occasion to witness the contests. Gill
stutes that he will have several prelimin
ary outdoor trials between the best ath
letes of the Olympic Club between now
and the day of the departure of the team i
for Oregon, and that he will select eight I
of the hest men of the trial horses to repre- j
sent the Olympic Clnb and San Francisco
j at the Maltnomah meeting June 27.
Next Sunday the athletes of the Olympic
Club will contest in games which will be
held at Souther farm, San Leandro, but on
the Sunday toliowing the first of the pre- j
liminary trial races will take place at the 1
®Are You Weak?
\f^^l^VM > <^ r v !£ Some Points on the Development of
Vft^S^j^C'^s. True Manhood by Electricity-
y_f Reasons Why Dr. Sanden's Elec-
>^tf —i - ,T trie Bolt Is the Only Sure Remedy
TC fe^>^ ~*^ ! *^^' for the Recovery of This Vital
What a great amount of happiness is destroyed by this
terrible drain which is called Nervous Debility ! You see the
evidences of it in the faces of more than half the people you
meet. .
This great country of ours is a nation of nerves ; nerves
which have been drained of their vital force ; nerves which are
crying out for help. And why don't we help them? Why don't
we replace the energy which has been stolen from them ?
Because the medical profession, to whom we always go in
time of sickness, has no means at hand to restore nerve power.
Drugs never build up weak nerves without taking the, strength
from other organs of the body.
That don't pay. You might as well be sick one way as
another. If you are going to steal from your kidneys, your liver
and your stomach the energy to give temporary nourishment to
your nerves you'd better better let your nerves suffer and save
your stomach anyway.
"I'm tired of drugging." We hear that remark every day
It's the wail of the nerveless man who has lost all confidence it,
the old, worn-out system of medicine. '• »-
"I was nervous and broken down from debility. Along in the afternoon I would
get so tired and weak that I could not finish my day's work. A month after I began
to wear your Belt my strength had fully returned, and since then I have been as well
and strong as ever in my life." . ED M. PIERCE,
Guadaloupe Dairy, Fifteenth avenue and San Bruno road, San Francisco.
That shows you what Electricity does. Fowler, the noted
phrenologist, says it's the instrumentality of all life. .
Dr. Sanden'e Belt is a simple thing. You wear it about,
three hours at night. ou feel electricity going into your nerves
all the time. You can legulate it yourself ; turn it on mild or
strong. Every minute you soak up nerve power from it.
Even electricity is useless if not intelligently applied. Dr.
Sanden has devoted twenty years to close study of the nerve and
sexual forces, and even if other belts fail his treatment will cure.
Cheap, clumsily m-dde electric belts are like cheap jewelry.
You think you are getting a high-class article at a low price, but
your experience tells you that you pay twice for what you get.
"1 bought your Belt January 3 and have used it just a month. Previous to that
time I was so weak that I could not work. I commenced to gain in health and
strength immediately upon application of the Belt, and to-day I can attend to my
business and take my station in life like a man. I owe it all to your Belt, and take
pleasure in recommending it." . C. C. HELTMAN, Santa Barbara, Cal.
A permanent cure is guaranteed or money refunded in all
weaknesses of men. A pocket edition of the celebrated electror
medical work, "Three Classes of Men," illustrated, is sent free,
sealed, by mail, on application. Every young, middle-aged or
old man 'suffering the slightest weakness should read it. It will
point out an EASY, SURE AND SPEEDY WAY TO REGAIN
STRENGTH AND HEALTH WHEN EVERYTHING ELSE
HAS FAILED. Address
».A.T<arx>:E3>j- EiißOTnio co. 9
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL. SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours-8 a. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday^ 10 to 1.
— — OFFIOBS.AT . *
• I.OS ANGELES, CAU ' I PORTLAND. OR.
20. bouth Broadway. J 253 Warning ton ttr««h
Olympic grounds. Dave Brown of Stan
ford College, who is an old member of the
Olympic Club, will be selected as one of
the team. Brown is possibly one of the
best long-distance runners in the State,
and th> re are but few amateur athletes in
America who can defeat him in a mile
race. The home team will receive two
thirds of the eate receipts. Gill is very
anxious that John Elliott, the father of
home athletics, join the team in its trip
to Portland.
James Mortimer returned yesterday after
havinc judged all classes of dogs at the
Seattle bench show. The judg- says that
the sportsmen of Seattle and vicinity have
some first-class dogs, and that the class of
Irish setters exhibited was very good. Of
the many Irish setters he had seen at
bench shows he thinks the most perfect
specimen of the race is now owned by a
gentleman named McLaujrhlin of Seattle.
Mortimer said also that he was not sur
prised that Otis Fellows, who judged t lie
Oakland bench show, reversed some of his
decisions.
"It is very seldom," said Mortimer,
"that you will find two ju<l<res who will
agree on every point when judgini: a mis
cellaneous class of does; consequently I
was not the least bit dimpnoin ted or sur
prised when I heard that Mr. Fellows did
not coincide with my Hens .vhen passing
judgment on some of the dogs that came
before me when I judged the Pacific Ken
nel Club's bench show. If every judge
judged alike there would not be any par
ticular necessity for bench show officers to
make special selections from among the
recognized authorities on dogs of all
kinds."
THE BOTTLED WILL CASE.
Mrs. Brooks, the Heir, Dtad, and
Her Husband Is In
different.
It Will Be a Mystery Unsolved for
Lack of Funds for Liti
gation.
The celebrated Jennie Parsons' bottled
will case is approaching a very tame end
ing.
The finding of the mysterious will in a
bureau drawer in Mrs. Broods' house, in
Chicago, a year auo last .January was de
scribed in a sufficiently vivid style to leave
an impression on the mind of the reading
public.
Jennie Parsons, it was said, had renn- d
the ulographic document in the cabin of a
foundering steamer on her way to Portland
from this City. The water was pouring
into the main salon and the lights were
going out as the last straggling line was
placed on the paper.
The document was thrust into the neck
of a bottle and thrown overboard. It was
found by a sailor and sent to Mrs. Brooks,
the daughter of the dead actress.
Mrs. Brooks placed it among a lot of
oth n r papers in a bureau drawer, where it
remained for many long years.
Messrs. Gunnison, Booth & Bartlett, for
the opposition to the probate of the will,
claimed, first, that it was a forgery, and,
second, that it was illegal because of its
lacking a date.
Now, all contentions count for naucht.
Minnie Adams Brooks is dead. Her hus
j band refuses to put up the necessary
money to carry on the contested probate,
, and the legal machinery, lacking oil, re
fuses to run. Tiie will isstill in evidence
in the original and also by photographs,
but there it rests passive and legally inert
for the lack of a monetary lubricant where
with to grease the wheels of litination.
The suit will probably be dismissed in a
I few days.
NE~W TO-DAY. '.
ifoisi/
Kittle
Oailor&
4 4 4
6 6 <>
iii
Some 2000 J&ttle Sailor
Suits, in blue, that we' re going
to make a noise with to-day.
-?f pretty little &lue Zjwill
Cheviot Sailor Suit, short trous-
ers, deep sailor collar, raised
silk stars on collar, including
lanyard and whistle ; sizes 3 to
10 years.
Friday and
Saturday at
Uivo' s the limit to each cus-
tomer.
uzaphaets
(incorporated),
ZJh c &r is c o &oy s,
9, /I, 13, 15 Jfearny Street.
I RAILROAD TRAVEL
SOITHIvKJi PACIFIC COXFAXT,
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.)
' I i *!■• lewit' »ntl »re <luo to arrive »t
NAN rKANCINCO.
leave _ — From May 3, 18P6. — arriv»
•S:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Station*... Ma
7:0Oa Atlautic Kinross, OgJcn and Fast.. 8:43p
7:OOa llenicii, Vacaville, Huirsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding \'v.\ Davis. . . . 6:43r
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, JS'apa, Calis-
toga and Santa Kosa 6:15r
«:U«a Niles, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, 51.irysvilk\ lteil lUti't
au<l Sundays cxcepted Oroville. ... 4 : 1 3p
•9:30 a Peters and Milton.... •7:15r
B:OOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Lot Angeles 4:45r i
O:OOa Martinez and Stockton lOrl.Vi '
»:OOa Vallejo. 6:15p
l:OOp Xilcs. San Jose and Livermore 8:43 a I
•l:OOp Sacramento ) liver Steamers "«:«Op
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations j7: l3p
4:ooi> Martinez, San llanion, Vallejo,
Kai'n, alistoga, Xl Verauo and
! Sautaltosa »:I3a
«:««p Bcnicia, ■ Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, M_rysviile.
Oroville aud Sacramento I*:4S_
4j»«p Ifilc.i, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13p
4:30r Merced, Bereada, K;ymond (for
Yoscmite) and Fresno 11:40*
s:©*r Jfcw Orleans Kirro-.rresijo.Bakers-
field. .Santa Itarbara, los Angeles,
Oeniing, El Paso, Neiv Orleans and
East I«>l3a
SiOUp Wanta Fa Route, Atlautic Express
forMojuve and East I0:13a
3:00p Vallejo 11:43 a
C:01»i' European Mail, Ogden aud East.... O:I3a
«:««!• Hnvivarils, Nilinnnd San Jose - 7:15 a
J7:(M»r Vallejo i~: 13p
7:<K»r Oregon j:\press.Sacraniento. Mar-s-
-villc, Retlilinfr, Portland, Ticget
Sound and East .■ 10:43 a
S ANIA < HI / DIVISION (Narrow Hanj;c>.
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, fc'acta Cruz
trad Principal Way Stations }8»»5 r
■ :I»A Nc\Tark,Centcrvillo,Sßn.loso,Felton,
Moulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Sis«p
•*:l*r NcTrark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, ltouhlcr Creek.
Sauta Cruz ami Principal Way
Stations «llt3»A
. 4:13p Newark. San .lose end I.os <.'atos.... 9:3»a
COAST DIVISION (Tlilnl A. Tounxentl SU.)
•6:13.\ San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almailen Wednesdays only) # 1:45r
•7:30 a Sunday Kzcursinn for San Jose, ■;■;:•.
Biota Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations :3»p
n:lsA,S.in .lose, Trca I'inos, .Santa Cruz,
I'acilio Grore. Paso Rollins, San
Luis <»>isiio, Guadalupe mid Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:05p
:9:47.\. P.:!o Alto ar.d ayHt.tio-s t*:43p
IO:IO\ San ,loko mid Way Stations 3:OOp
11:23 a Palo Alto ami Wny .Stations U:»0p
■2:301' .lose, Gnnjr, Tres Pinos. Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacitlc
Groro *16:40 a
•»:»«p San Joso and l'rincipal Way Stations »:47a
•4:30i-San Joeoond Way Stations •8:«Oa
3:30r San .I'iso and Way Statious •S:4«*a i
O:3Op San Joso and Way Stations «:35a !
tll:-15p San Jose ami V, av Stations f7:43p |
515 IiKA>»KO AM* HVYWAKUS LOCAL.
» # 6:OOa "I ( 7:13 a
S:0I»a iO:43a
: «"t i -MrtrMe. Seminary Park, \uiat
a JISSr Fltehbanc^anLwHidro »ff|g|
3:00? I Md 4:13p
4:00p f Ma • 3:43p
7:«»0p • . H:lsp
8:OOp , - % ■.. . . *—. ' ''^". ''■- - 0:43p
9-OOp i Runs through to Nile*. lO.."»Oi>
ttll;18rj t From Niles. Ut»2:Qop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:r.0 II:OnA.M. *l:03 *2:00 J3:00
•4:03 tZ:ZO *6:jop.m.
from OAKLAND— Foot of Bro-.lwiv. — *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 1 12:00 »l:00 t_:00 *3:00 tl:00
"5:OCi-.m. . -' ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sum: I)-.-. excepted. t Saturdays only.
! Sundays only.
ft m -■ '" Ti|,- ,i, rr .,\ Saturday nights only.
Atlantic
Trains Ifave from and arrive *t\jsscp33|_BS>_>
at lljirket-atrL-tt Ferry. fiWx^^iTM
SANTA FE EXPRbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pnllm*n
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. Louis. * -
The Pouu.ar -AjNTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
! with the very latest up-to-dato upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
i throuch to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
1 New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. .
Ticket OfS.ce-G44 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saus.illto Ferry),
from San Francisco, | taw - ing March .ft 1896.
WEEKDAYS.
l"or Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *8?00
*9:16 10:15, 11:45. a. m.: 1:15, 3:.0, 4:15,
5:16. »6:00. .!:35f. _.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dM»
I days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. v.
v -SUNDAYS.
Tn Mill Valley and San Unfael— *B:oo. »9:00. I
•10:00, 11. 3) a. m. ;*•-_:! jS»J :30, »2 :15, *4:COL I
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. Extra trip to BausalltoM '■
11 :00 a. M.
Trains marked * run to Saa Qnentln. ••13:50
P.M. does not run to Mill Valley. -"" ■ .
.."--■ ■■?.' ... THROUGH TBAINS.
i__i * ' "■ we «kday»— and way station*
• WO _. K. Sundays— end way stations.
#«• _. K. Kmittay.-p.iai B«jea ana w^j- i.a.loM
NEW TO-DATI '
FA/(. Q _
DOCTOR_SWEANY
No physician in the United States is so
thoroughly equipped and well prepared to
treat the sick and afflicted as this world-
renowned specialist, who is permanently
located at 737 Market street. San Francisco.
With a thorough literary and professional
education, ana with extensive experience
in the practice of Nervous, Chronic and
Private diseases of both sexes, he cures
every curable case in the ■ catalogue of
human ills. He addresses himself in par-
ticular to cases that have baffled the skill
and science of other doctors. His patients
are among the most intelligent citizens of
every trade and profession, including mer-
chants, manufacturers, mechanics, miners,
farmers, laborers, literary and professional
gentlemen, many of whom have exhausted
the skill of their family physicians with-
out obtaining relief. His name is a suffi-
cient guarantee of a perfect cure of every
case he undertakes. Consult him, either
in person or by letter, this day. A confi-
dential chat may save you much mental
and physical suffering and add golden
years to your life.
NERVOUS DEBILITY of cve n r a y tv , d k name
iiMItWLUi I'LDliill I and nature, a spe-
cialty. This distinguished doctor's success in
cases of tins character ruts been really phe-
nomenal.
VAIIYf MPY' if >" ou are troubled- with
IVLHU l'lLul, night emissions, exhausting
drains, pimples, bashful ness, aversion to soci-
ety. Btupidness, despondency," loss of energy,
ambition and self-confidence, which de-
Drive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
fit you for study, business or marriage— if you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well
and be a man. : '. - : :
MIDDLE4O.EI) MB OLD MEN, SSSaSg
of you troubled with weak, achine backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; impoteucy or weakness of
sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
of nervous debility and premature decay.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of tile
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
HI l\t\h 1111 KM IV Diseases, Sores, Spots,
BLIMP!! AMI Mill Pimples, Scrofula,
Syphilitic Taint?, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving the system in a strong, pure
and healthful state.
LihVrV \XU liRIYIIJV complaints, pain-
(VIIMIjI AMI I 111 lilt I f,ii, difficult, too
frequent, milky or bloody urine, unnatural
discharges speedily cured.
PKIl'lTI* diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea, Stric-
I 1111:11 li tores, Syphilis, Hydrocele, Varico-
cele, Tenderness, Swellings, Weakness of Or-
gans, Piles and Fistula. Rupture quickly
cured without pain or detention from business.
r \ T I V II which poisons the Breath, Stora-
-1 ;t 1:1 HUH ach and Lungs and paves tha
j wav for Consumption, Throat, Liver, Heart,
j Kidney, Bladder and all constitutional and , in-
j ternal troubles; also Rupture, Piles, Fistula,
I treated far in advance of any other institution
■ in this country.
11hl|.\ if you are suffering: from persistent
li.il'liii^ headaches, painful menstruation,
leucorrhoea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
placement of the womb, or any other distress-
ing ailment peculiar to your sex, you should
consult DR. SWEAN V without delay. He cures
when others fail.
Pl»rp treatment for the POOR who call on
f lIIjL Friday afternoons.
WRITE 1 your troubles fully and frankly and
I! 11 1 Ifi effective treatment will be sent you,
free from observation, to any part of the coun-
try. Thousands cured at home. Book entitled
" Guide to Health" sent free to those describ-
ing • their troubles. All communications sa-
credly confidential. Office hours: 9 till 12
a. m. and _ till 5 and 7 till _p. M. Sundays, 10
till 12 only. Address
C I QU/PAIIV Mfi 737 Market St.,
t. L. OflLnlll, Ifl. U., San Francisco, Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION I.V RATES BY RAIL
....T0....
FOmTUA-NT). OH.
SATURDAY....:.. .....MAY 23,
And Kvery Fifth Day Thereafter. •
Leave from S. V. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
(|»P n— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
gOiUU ist Sleeper. '■':•
....ALSO , ? V- J
First-class tickets, including berth In (J_ f A.OO
I'ulJ man Standard Sleeper. «jdxU ,
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
£j& Through Tickets for Puget Sound
Point* on Sale at Reduced Kates.
For further information a ply at
613 MARKET STKKKT (Grand Hotel . ■
Ticket Office), Sun Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. U. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Kg— . Gen. Pass. Agt.
SiPMCISCO & SORTII PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12-3 SI
. 3:30,6:10,6:30 p.m. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra' trips as 1:50
and 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 9:30, 11:00 _. m.; 1:30, 3:31
6:00, 6:20 p. st
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— '6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a j_>
12 :45. 3 :40, 6 :10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips'
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:36, 11:10 A - M - : I:4a 3:40.
6 :00, 6 :25 P. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Ban Francisco. | In .m~ t San Francisco.
San Francisco. A pril 2. Ran rr »ncisco.
Wekk , Sun- I)es I t^ iou St-.v- I Wkkk"
Days, | days, j " 9"nation. pA YJL | Days
7:30 am 7:30 am Xovato, 10:40 am" 8-43 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petalunia, 0:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 m 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 I'M 6:15 pj*
Fulton,
7:30 ax Windsor, 10:10 am
HfalilsburXi
Geyservllle,-
-3:30 pm 7:30 am 'Jlovenlale. 7:30 pm ' 6:15 p«
■ I'ietn,
; 7:30 am i Hqnland A 10:10 am
I 3:30 7:Bo am| Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 p*
7:30 am '■ 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm ;■
3=30 pm I j 6:15 PM
am,7:30 ami .Sonoma 10:40 ami 8-4Uam
5:30 pm 5:00 tm ! and 6:05 pm ' 6:15 pm
I j Glen Ellen. -
3^P X l o ;g^Ml^topoL|iO: 0 o A Kjio.iQ A M
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wes;
Springs: at Geyservllle for Stages' Spring- at
Cloverdale for the Gsysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay and i-akepori; at
TTkPih n ?n, f °vi l^ ke ? Ol ; t and Ba «'«" Bprln at
Lkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Spring. Blno
£& Laurel Dell Lake, r rP er I***, I'omo. Potter
)in h- V .' {'! tln i ) " 's. Lierley Bucknell's, Sanhed-
_n«rf c| h •*' gravelly Valley. Booneville. Green-
wood, °." , Hot Sj.rinqs. M^ndoclno City, Fort
Bra , W i 0Pt i Usal, Wiliets. cahto, Coveio.
LayionvlUe. Harris, Scotia and Eureka. Oveo<
ratni yto Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points _•■
fond San Bnfael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldln*
H.CWHITIXO. RX.RYAS.
Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aitent.
. ' - —m
; Tf" B Rll An A". lazativa . refreshing fat
I 12 l¥l II if fruit IO!!Pr^".
i ■ ■■ ■II nl l very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
_____ __ __ hemorrhoids, bile,
I 111 By I C I! Os " °' ; '('-l"' '- gastric aal
Ila IE lE. H intestinal troubles and
■ II 9m I *■ II headache arising
from them. -
Anil I All E - (iK ' LLON ' [
GEtILLON 33 Rue de. Archives, P_rl»6
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Cam., one week, By carrier.. $0.1.">
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 .... 6-00
Daily and Snnday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily end Sunday Calj., tUre«» mouths by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Cam., one year, by mail.. I- 5 "
Weekly Call, one year, by mall ■• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on • vacation? If
bo, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CAJX to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHAIIGK.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Ma!n-188%
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Matn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery meet, Garnet Clay: ©pen until
8:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 I-arklM street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW.«_raerßbrteeot- and Mission streets; open
■ntll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
113 Klath meet: open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 33, 34 Park I'.ow, New York City.
DAVID SI. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
FRIDAY.. MAY ■-'->, 1886
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Tillman may yet beat his pitchfork into
a tomahawk.
Boies, after all, may prove to be a bigger
man tlian old Grover.
What a beautiful thing it is to see Demo
crats reforminc one another.
The Santa Monica job has clearly slipped
from the Frye pan to the tire.
Low tariff and low watres came in to
gether and will jro out together.
The letter declining to be a candidate
for a third term is no longer needed.
The proverbial March hare won't be in }
it for madness with the June gold bug.
The popular cry of this campaign will
be the simple one: "Turn out the fools."
The transfer nuisance is raising a squall
every day aud before lons* there will be a
storm.
In spite of the Cleveland bosses the tone
of the Chicago convention will have a sil
ver ring.
It was a great show at Moscow — in fact |
a much greater show than Europe likes to
contemplate.
If Viniug doesn't begin to feel the pulse
of Son Francisco pretty soon he may have
to feel its tnuscie.
Grover '? attitude toward a third term is
that of Deliberation on a monument smil
ing at a phantom.
The Czar with a crown on is no more of
an autocrat than he was before, but per- j
haps he feels bigger.
» —
There is an improving prospect that
free silver will be a winner this year in
the conventions of all parties.
Cleveland's inaction on the Cuban ques
tion may be due to tiie fact that he is
building a very gorgeous castle in Spain.
Eastern baseball teams are so expensive
this year the games are unprofitable if tiie
attendance falls below the thousand mark.
Comptroller Erkels commends the Alt
geld machine in Illinois, but neglects to
say whether it is a gangplow or a thresher.
•
Full, fair and accurate news of the pro
ceeding"-of all parties and all factions is
what you get in Tiik Call that speaks for
all. _
Since the election of 1892 this country
has not crown much in wealth, but it has
crown enough in wisdom to make up
for it.
Every Czar alway s makes it a point to
talk throueh his new crown in a more
golden tone than he uses throueh his ha
bitual hat.
In selecting a candidate for the Presi
dency this year the Democrats might as
well take the one they can get the most
fun out of.
South Carolina Democrats could not
divide the Union, but they always win
when they set out to split a Democratic
convention.
It is ten chances to one that as the light
streamed over the Czar at his coronation
liis shadow behind him looked very much
like a nihilist.
Wilmerding intended his school to be
established in San Francisco, and his in
tentions should have for the regents all
the force of law.
The annual outgo of tourists to Europe
has begun and what is worse these foreign
clime seekers are taking gold from home
folks to travel on.
Local Democrats will never succeed in
producing harmony until they learn to
know the difference between a gang boss
and a band-master.
Populists would be foolish to combine
with Democrats when they have oniy to
wait until after this election to capture
the whole demoralized gang.
Olney might as well open up a regular
correspondence with Kruger as the brave
old man evidently needs a good deal of
education on the way to treat American
citizens.
Massachusetts Democrats are receiving
much unrneriteu praise in the East for
"setting the pace for the party." It is a
thing that they can do without risk. What
responsibility have they?
The latest thing in the way of theater
mechanism is reported from Munich,
where the opera-house has been equipped
with a rotating stage by which any scene
can be shifted in twelve seconds.
Now that an American company has
obtained a concession fo construct a rail
road in Korea the question of the sov
ereignty of the country may be consid
ered settled. The railroad will own it.
Up to date the Morrison Presidential
boom has carried one county in Illinois,
but as it has not been able to carry it out
of the commonwealth the boom may be
made to drop it by the State Convention.
THE RUSSIAN EMPIRE
If Michael Romanoff, the founder of the
present dynasty, is cognizant of events in
the material world, he must have been
well satisfied Wit- the splendor and magni
tude of the display at his old capital yes
terday, where his youthful descendant,
Nicholas Romanoff, will be crowned Em
perorof All the Russias. And it must have
been especially pleasing to him to see
hundreds of thousauds of loyal subjects
of the throne journeying from all parts
of the empire by private and public
conveyance to participate in the corona
tion ceremonies— ceremonies which will
culminate in crowning a man who shall
rule over one-sixth of the land surface of
the giooe, and whose subjects number
more than 100,000,000.
The Emperor of Russia is, by what Rus
sians are pleased to call "divine right,"
the autocrat of every inch of the vast na
tion, besides he is the supreme head of the
church, thus being the vicar of the Al
mighty in all matters appertainine to the
material and spiritual welfare of ail the peo
ple of the land over which God has given
him dominion. That this power has been
abused many times since Michael Roman
off, a youth of 10, ascended the throne in
1(513, no one will pretend to deny, nor will
apologists be found for such disregard fur
human life and human liberty, but since
ISGI reforms have been instituted fully as
rapidly as the people were ready to appre
ciate them.
In 1801 Alexander II issued a proclama
tion which emancipated the slaves, or
serfs, but not without indemnifying those
who had claims upon them. That event
was the beginning of a new era in Rus
sia's social and commercial life, and no
step backward has since been taken. Al
though nihilism has been rampant, even
conspiring to overthrow the system of gov
ernment, and often resorting to murder,
the empire has moved forward. The edu
cational system ha 3 steadily improved
until it now compares favorably with
neighboring countries, and no more lib
eral patron of art, science and music will
be found in the Old World than the Rus
sian autocrat. Still, his life is threatened
because he cannot do in a day what re
quires a year to accomplish.
Russia is essentially an agricultural
country, and so helping has been the pol
icy of the Government in recent years
that Russian cereals now exert a powerful
influence in all the breadstuffs markets of
Europe. American farm machinery may
be seen in all the agricultural districts,
and in many localities farming is carried
on as scientifically as anywhere in the
United States. At the export points grain
elevators, patterned after those mammoth
concerns in Chicago, have been erected,
and whatever other appliances are cal
culated to reduce the cost of product : on
and marketine grain have been or are be
ing introduced. To be sure, private capi
tal has done ail this, but under conditions
that were made favorable by the central
power of the nation. The Czars have not.
therefore, been inimical to efforts to ex
pand the agricultural interests of the peo
ple in recent years-
But these things are not all the Czar
has been doing for Russia in the last third
of a century. Railway construction has
been steadily pushed between the more
important trade centers, and although
the country is not gridironed by rail lines
of transportation as America and some
parts of Europe are, it doubtless will be
when occasion requires. The Siberian
railway is one of the greatest enterprises
of modern times and when completed it
will have a total mileage of nearly 5000
miles. Several hundred miles are already
in successful operation, and by it now and
valuable mining and agricultural districts
have been made profitable and accessible.
Over <j.000,000 bushels of high grade
wheat were exported from these new
regions last year — regions that are, as
yet, necessarily sparely settled. The em
tare and the railway company are offering
preat inducements to farmers of other
countries to settle on the line of the Si
berian railway, and not a few Scandi
navians have already gone to the Siberian
country.
Russia has the population, the material
resources and the money to become in
the near future the leading country of the
Old World, and if one may judge by the
progress the empire has made in the last
three decades it would be safe to say that
the people are determined to excel in time
in all that goes to make a rich and power
ful nation. The Government is encourag
ing the erection of manufactories of every
kind that can find the raw material in the
empire, and boasts are already made that
the time will come when Kussian-made
good's and wares will be found in active
competition with the manufacture of
other countries in all the markets of the
world. It is a mistake to think of Russia
as a country whose people and rulers are
still groping in the shadow of barbarism.
"SOUND MONEY."
The leaders of both parties are every
where declaring for "sound money," and
the rank and file pay they will* have no
other kind. Inasmuch cs the Government
does not now nor is it likely to ever issue
unsound money, it would seem that there
is no occaßion to talk about either "sound"
or "unsound" money. No sensible man
would ever question the "soundness" of
money issued or permitted to be issued by
the United States. Until the mints go to
turning out counterfeit money no one
need be afraid to take the Government's
promise to pay or its money of redemp
tion. The fact of the matter is, all this
talk about "souna money" is idiotic clap
trap, and it is intended to create a suspi
cion in the minds of the people that there
is a deep-laid scheme to turn the National
treasury into a kind of green goods print
ing establishment.
The natural "soundness" of silver for
redemption money purposes was not ques
tioned until 1873, and then the attack was
made upon it under cover, but the Cleve
land administration has boldly deprived
it of its legitimate place in the monetary
system of the country, so that its coin
value is derived from the Government's
promise to redeem it in gold. This radical
and brutal attack upon the legitimacy of
silver's <|ualities for money of redemption
was follpwed by denouncing it as "un
sound money," but, in fact, it wasslripoed
of its function as a money metal and its
own redemption in gold made a condition
of the privilege of being coined into dol
lars. The conspirators who committed
this dastardly offense against the bone, the
sinew and the main dependence of the Na
tion in its battle against the efforts of
moriey-ienders toward the centralization
of the political and social power of the
country into the little circle in which they
move are the influence that is behind the
cry of "sound mone}'."
What the people really mean by ''sound
money" is silver and gold dollars of equal
redemption power. They hold, and
rightly so, that they h,ave nothing to do
with gold bullion or silver bullion, as such.
As bullion, these metals are a merchant
able commodity, but when converted in
u> coin by authority of the Government
they are redemption money, and neither
one coull be called unsound without
relieving it altogether of its duty as money,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
when it would not be redemption money
at all, which is the position of the silver
dollar to-day, except that it is permitted
to do duty as token money under a prom
ise that it will not claim the function of
redemption money, but recognize its own
dependence upon gold to give it a purchas
ing quality.
But the meaning of the common people's
cry for "sound monoy" is very different
from that of the money-lenders and bond
coupon clippers. They know that silver
possesses every requisite quality for re
demption money, and they demand that
its soundness be admitted and recognized
in the monetary system of the Nation.
That is the long and the short of the peo
ple's demand. That is to say, the wealth
makers demand that silver be returned to
its legitimate position of co-worker with
gold in supplying the channels of trade
and traflic with a sufficient volume of
money, or, in other words, the people de
mand that the Government call the gold
standard "dishonest money," the silver
standard "dishonest money" and a bi
metallic standard "honest money," if the
words "honest," "dishonest," "sound" and
"unsound" are to be used to designate real
from unreal money.
BOIES TRIUMPHS.
The victory of ex-Governor Boies over the
Federal olSce-fcoiders in lowa is a stinging
cut to Cleveland. Of all Western men
Boies i.i the most disliked by the adminis
tration. He has never been in accord with
Cleveland's tariff, money or foreign policy,
and being the recognized leader of his
party in lowa the condemnation which
the President received at the hands of the
Dubuque convention yesterday may be
considered an open declaration of war
upon any aspirant lor the Chicago nomi
nation who is under suspicion of being
friendly to Cleveland.
Ex-Ciovernor Boies is in no sense a great
man, but having carried lowa twice
against the usual Republican majority of
50,000 he is accepted as the Moses of the
party and wherever he leads the rank and
tile are pretty sure to follow. But what
made the Dubuque convention so deter
mined to repudiate Cleveland's kind of
Democracy was the trick the Federal of
fice-holders played upon the party in the
State Convention last year. Early last
spring holders of office under Cleveland in
lowa were given to understand that the
administration would expect them to not
only nominate a goldbug for Governor,
but see that the convention praised Cleve
land's "wise and patriotic policy."
When the convention assembled at Mar
shalltown it was found that it was under
the control of Cleveland's appointees, who
proceeded to turn Boies and all other
opponents of the President's Wall-street
methods out of doors. Judge Babb was
put at the head of the ticket, not because
there was any chance of electing him, but
to keep the machinery of the party in the
hands of Cleveland's friends so as to send
a delegation friendly to him to the Na
tional Convention. In the light of these
facts the triumph of Boies and hia follow
ing is significant. It means that under
no circumstances will the lowa delegation
to Chicago pledge the vote of the party 10
any one who is under the influence of
Cleveland. On the money question prac
tically all the rank and file of the lowa
Democratic party agree with Boies that
"as between cold monometallism and
silver coinage at lti to 1 without safeguards
of any kind lam for the latter." Then,
lor the most part, lowa Democrats are
ultra free-traders.
GORMAN'S DEPEAT.
The debate and the vote on the motion
of Senator Gorman to amend the coast
defense bill by a clause authorizing the
issue of $100,000,000 of 3-per-cent treasury
certificates was one of the most interesting
episodes of recent proceedings in Congress
It seems, furthermore, to foreshadow a
veto of the appropriation bill, and a not
distant call for another loan to replenish
th c gold reserve.
Gorman's argument in favor of his pro
posed amendment was that as the
revenues of the Government are not equal
to its expenses, it will be necessary to ob
tain money in some way to carry it out.
The condition of the treasury, which is
bad enough at present, will be made worse
by the large appropriations which are to
be voted for needed pu blic improvements,
naval expansion and coast defenses. Two
ways are open to obtain the required
funds. One is to increase the revenues by
enacting a better tariff of customs duties,
and the other is to borrow the money.
Gorman argued that as it seems impossi
ble for the Senate to pass a tariff bill at
this session it would be better and cheaper
to authorize the issue of treasury certifi
cates than to force the administration to
undertake a new loan.
That the position taken by Gorman was
correct in the main is beyond question,
but he made the mistake of trying to reap
a partisan advantaee out of the situation
by alleging that the Republicans in Con
gress are responsible for the condition of
the treasury, inasmuch as they have not
enacted any measures for its relief. This
allegation was promptly refuted by Sen
ator Sherman. As a matter of fact the
Republican majority in the House did
pass an emergency tariff bill and it was
defeated in the Senate because all the
Democrats and Populists voted against it.
It was Democracy that enacted the deficit
tariff. It is Democracy that keeps it in
force. It is Democracy that has forced
the country into debt, and it is still
Democracy that now threatens throueh
its President, Grover Cleveland, to veto
the appropriation bill and thus add stag
nation to depression.
It is worth noting that for the Gorman
amendment only nine Senators voted.
This is almost as bad a showing as that
made by Senator Hill when he undertook
to organize a fight against the bond deals.
The two men, Gorman and Hill, seem to
be as completely discredited as Cleveland
himself. In the Senate, at any rate,
Democracy is completely demoralized and
its ablest and most agcre.ssive leaders are
unable to rally even a dozen men to help
the administration in its hour of need.
A JOSEPH'S COAT CONVENTION.
The first duty of the Chicago convention
will be to determine what the word
"Democrat" means. No business can be
transacted until that is done. The Cleve
landites declare Bland and his following
are not Democrats, and Bland and hi>
following are positive that the Cleve
land it t-s do not know the first principles of
Democracy. The necessity, therefore, of
agreeing upon the meaning of the name
of their alleged party is apparent.
The convention call says it is to be a
gathering of Democrats, but until it is
ascertained what constitutes a Democrat
there is no other reason why Herr Most
should not be admitted to the convention
hall as a good Democrat. Bland says
Cleveland should go over to Governor
Morton's standard, and Cleveland says
Bland belongs in the Populist ranks. Gor
man says it is not Democratic to put coal
and iron on the free list, and Vest says it
is Democratic to have out and out free
trade. Olney says that the man who is
not in favor of the gold standard knows
nothing about Democracy, and Altgeld
says that* the man who believes that
Democracy stands for anything in the
money line but bimetallism should bny
himself a dictionary and find out what the
meaning of the word is. But, anyway, the
convention will resemble Joseph's coat,
politically speaking.
PERSONAL.
"Will Ashe is on a visit to Fresno.
John H. Besse of Kings City is in town.
T. T. Millan ot Tacorna arrived hero yester
day.
£. H. May, a manufacturer of New York, Is
in the City.
W. C. Swain, an architect of Marysvllle, is on
a visit here.
Judge J. o. Clark of Mott is among the guests
of the Russ.
W. Newman, a business man of Fresno, is at
the Occidental.
J. B. Cooper, a mining man of Butte, Mont.,
is at the Grand.
James Meagher of Fish Rock, Mendocino
County, is in town.
J. A. McKenzie, a merchint of Merced, ar
rived her yesterday.
Frank Mattison, a business man of Santa
Cruz, is in the City.
The Rev. and Mrs C. S. Farkenthall of Pacific
Grove are at the Occidental.
V. 8. McClatchy, one of the owner* of the
Sacramento Bee, is in the City.
James Geraghty, a capitalist of Los Angeles,
is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
L. Baker, a prominent mining man of Los
Angeles, is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Thomas Kay, a manufacturer of woolen
goods, Salem, Or., is among recent arrivals.
The Rev. A. P. Granes, D.D., of New York,
was one of the conspicuous arrivals here yester
day.
The Baron E. de La Grange of Paris, who
is interested in mines at Weavervllle, is in
town.
D. E. Knight, the wealthy pioneer resident
of Marysville, arrived here yesterday and is at
the Lick.
N. Z. Osborne, of the Los Angeles Express,
and Ex-Judge llervey Lindley of Los Angeles,
are at the Palace.
L. C. Morehouse of San Leandro, chairman of
the State Board of Equalization, is among the
arrivals at the Lick.
Bishop Nichols is confined to his room at
San Mateo, the result of a severe cold. Entire
rest has been ordered.
C. S. Webb, a general commission merchant
of Seattle, who was for many years a leading
business man of Dcs Moines, lowa, is in the
City.
Dr. Richard Parquoy of Munich, Germany,
who arrived her over a week ago, after a long
stay in Java, left for New York and homo last
night.
E. R. Ayres, a wealthy mill owner and lum
ber manufacturer of Saginaw, Mich., who has
been on the Pacific Coast several times hither
to, is at the Grand.
Matthew Gage, the well-known orange
grower and irrlKatiouist of Riverside, who has
resided there fifteen years aud been engaged
in many enterprises, is at the Occidental. He
has lately been on a visit to the East. Mr.
Gage says that business appears to be on the
mend in Southern California. It is so about
Riverside and it looks like it all over the South.
"The outlook for oranges at Riverside," he
said, "is very good. There will be a big crop.
I think Riverside alone will ship 2500 car
loads next year."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NKW YORK. N. V., May 21.— St. Nicholas—
E. H. Backbee; New Amsterdam— F. F. Boyd;
Park Avenue-Mrs. C. J. Swift; Belvidere— B.
Dryckoff.
A CHILD'S PRETTY APRON.
Here is an apron which combines pictur
esqueness with utility. It is developed charm
ingly in any of the dainty white stuffs, such
as nainsook, dimity, lawn and cambric. An
inexpensive decoration consists of a very nar
row Valenciennes insertion let in at the top of
the hem on sleeves and revers. Another trim
mine which is dainty and not costly is a nar-
row frill of Valencienne lace of the Italian
mesh set on the edfces. Narrow edges of em
broidery set on flat recommend themselves on
the score of easy laundering.
Aprons of pretty light coiors are a possi
bility, for the colored nainsooks wash admir
ably. It may be had in many colors— pink,
coulnur de rose, blue and pale green.
Uhingham in checks and stripes makes very
serviceable aprous and need not of necessity
be in colors which do not please a child's eye.
Stripes of pink and white on blue and white
wash quite as well as the dull grays and
browns. A pretty contrast is obtained by
using a plain color for the revers. Or make the
apron of plain pink, with sleeves and revers of
striped pink and white.
CURRENT HUMOR.
SUe— No, I don't prefer men who are known
to be rich.
He— How can that be?
She — They don't spend their money as freely
as men who want to be known as rich.— New
York World.
"Do you thin!; that we shall tuit each
other?"
"Splendidly I You possess a very fine, loud
voice, and she is terribly hard of hearing."—
Plaudereoke.
Gent— Tf you insist, mem fraulein, on break
ing off our engagement I will publish the let
ters you have written me.
La.ly— As you please. There is nothing about
those letters I need be ashamed of— barring
the address.— Verkehrzeitung.
A lady who suffers terribly in her molars,
but lives in mortal dread of professional tooth
extractors, one day rang the Dell at the den
tist's. A man in livery answered her inquiry:
'Master is not in."
The lady (visibly relieved)— Ah, how fortu
nate.—La Lanterne.
Fir9t commercial traveler — The bootblack
told me this morning that the room you slept
in last night has the reputation of being
haunted.
Second commercial traveler— Well, I shouldn't
be surprised if that were so. I killed a few there
last night myself.— Sommerville Journal.
Cornby — What do you think of my new
shoes?
Bunier-They look ail right, but I don't like
tho key they are pitched in.— Roxbury Gazette.
E. F. Benson, of dodo lame, is now in Egypt.
He is writing a romance, tho scenes of which
are laid in Greece during the time of the War
of Independence, and filling up his spare time
by excavating ruined temples.
A clergyman in Brooklyn intimated the
other day that he was not getting salary
enough, and his congregation immediately
cot him down 50 per cent.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
"There is more activity in and about the
gold mines of Grass Valley," said George
Fletcher of that place yesterday at the Pal
ace, "than there has been for many years. I
have lived there almost steadily ever since
1864, and have kept track of everything
well.
"Though I am a railroad man I was once the
owner of the old Banner mine, and have been
in mining more or less ever since.
"I expect that before a year from now there
will be 1000 more miners at work in the
mines of Grass Valley than now. There Is a
lot of hurry and bustle around there, com
pared with what there used to be. Every
where you go you see a certain activity. It
looks as though we are going to have very
prosperous times.
"They have found in the old Brennan
shaft of the Rocky Bar a new and rich ledge.
George Fletcher, Erstwhile Owner of tho Banner Mine. Tells Abont the Efforts to
Get Gold Out of the Ground in Grass Valley.
{Sketched from life by a "Call" staff artist.]
It is a back ledge and was found almost at the
bottom of the old shaft. The ledge is about
eighteen inches iv size. The ore is very
good.
"A company has been organized there, too,
to work the Kentucky mine. This Is an old
property and has a very fine prospect.
"The old Gold Hill mine that has not been
worked for thirty years Is to be started again,
and on a great scale. The owners are going to
put in a 200-horse power electric plant there
and work the mine for all it is worth. That is
a very important thing for Grass Valley.
"The Allison's Ranch mine is also Etarting
up again. The owners, who consist of San
Francisco men, including Mr. Flood and his
friends, have not decided yet whether to put
on water power direct or use compressed
air.
"The district is all right. The veins are
good, and there are many of them, and I ex
pect to see times pretty lively around there in
a short time."
THE MEN WHO LIVE ALONE.
Ho, ho, ha, ha. the jolly men
Who live alone — why, yes,
We have our homes— that is, I guess
The rest adopt a den
That's like to mine, and have a place—
Up high sometimes, you Know,
But that's a splendid thing to brace
A fellow up who's slow
At climbing— and they're not too small.
Nor yet too large. Now, mine
Is snug and warm— exoept wben all
The oil's burned out— and tine.
But, nay, my view across the street
Is— well — disturbing— nay,
Not quite so bad. because it's sweet
And good, but every day
Or evening I can fook across,
Through windows clear and bright.
And see a father romp aud toss
Bis youngsters in the light
That klows from out his fire; and see
His wife look smiling on
And kiss the babies lovinely,
Until the picture's gone !
They pull the curtain down, and then
I'm cheerful as a stone,
And laugh— ha, ha, the jolly men
Who live in "rooms" alone. — Vaulty.
ALONG THE SKIRMISH LINE.
Thomas Brackett Reed's record supplies no
inconsistencies to his foes.— Norwich Bulletin.
Pink Scarlet of Georgia is going to run for
Congress. What a hue he will give to Wash
ington some night.— Cleveland World.
There's no doubt that General Horace Porter
would make a good Vice-President. Besides,
Porter is strengthening.— Boston Herald.
A good deal of "hot shot" aimed at Major
McKinley seems to be cold shot by the time it
gets there.— New York Mail and Express.
This is the hour for positive candidates who
have tho coumge of their convictions— for men
who are all on one side or all on the other.—
Chicago Tribune.
There Is no reason why McKinley should not
say that he is in favor of sound money. Sound
money and protection go well together this
year.— Des Moines Register.
Mr. Reed Is no trimmer and never has been.
No safer man can be named to stand at the
head of the Government when her economic
interests are at stake.— Lowell Republican.
We are advised that the St. Louis auditorium
will seat just 15,601 people. The McKinley
people are certainly very kind to provide that
odd seat for the favorite son dele?ation.—Min
neapolis Tribune.
Washington dispatches announce the ap
pearance of the Carlisle campaign button.
The Blackburn contingent wiil undoubtedly
see that it is put into a hole without delay.—
New York Mail and Express.
Nominating a man fora third Presidential
term in this country is about the greatest po
litical absurdity possible, but all the same it
grows more and more probable that it is to be
the very blunder the Democratic party will
commit next.— Wilmington News.
The proof of the pudding is not in chewing
the string. McKinley should remember this;
the stringjs all coming his way, but it doesn't
follow that he will capture the pudding.
Grant had it all his own way once on a time,
but he didn't get the nomination.— Denver
News.
If Mr. Cleveland is not renouilnated the
mugwumps will be without a candidate for
the Presidency. They will practically be with
out a country, as they have Deen, In fact, for
many years, and they will have either to emi
grate or hereafter figure as political ciphers.—
Cleveland Leader.
Only one free silver State— California— has
declared for McKinley. If Colorado, Montana,
Idaho and other silver States had made him
their candidate, with ?ome declaration to the
effect that his views on the financial question
were satisfactory to them, that would have
been a hard blow.— St. Louis Star.
The fact is that the McKinley managers have
given Mr. KcKinley a good deal of unneces
sary trouble. There is neither wise diplomacy
nor patriotism in turning one's back to the
music Meantime the men who would like to
see the Republicans fool with the eilver calf
are to be thoroughly disappointed.— Lewlston
Journal.
The fight in the Democratic National Conven
tion on free silver will be between the South
and the old North States, with the West about
evenly divided. There will probably be acom
promise, the North writing the first part of the
resolution and Tillm&n dictating the last. The
delegates can then all go home happy, assured
of satisfying their constituents.— Topeka Capi
tol.
It is urged, in extenuation of Mr. Bland's
boom for a Presidential nomination, that "he
is a great-grandson of Monroe, a near relative
of Jefferson and r first cousin of Lincoln," but,
of course, they are not to blame for that.
That the descendant and kinsman of so many
sound money Presidents should turn out a sil
verloon knocks the doctrine of heredity higher
than the late Mr. Gilderoy's kite.— Cincinnati
Times-Star.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
By Steamer—F. c, Oakland, Cal. The fare
from San Francisco to Ventura by steamer is
$11. ■ - .
Waltzing—T. F. X., City. A good waltzer
' never touches his heels on the floor while
waltzing.
Winnie Stanton—R. P., San Luis Obispo,
Cal. Winnie Stanton was released from the
penitentiary on the Ist of last ApriL
No Premium Offered— F. 11., City. No
premium is offered for half dollars of 1821 and
1801, or for quarters of 1830 and 1857.
Says— S. G., City. In pronouncing the
word "says" follow the pronunciation of
"say," which is spoken with the a sound of a
in fate, mane and dale. :■ •■,
VißGiNirs—H. B. W., Oakland, Cal. The
tragedy of "Virginius" was written by James
Sheridan Knowles in 1820, but it was recast
subsequently for Macready.
Quartz Claims —A. D., Gazell, Siskiyou
County, Cal. Every mining location must
have a separate notice. The district laws regu
late the placing of such notices.
A Rdbdown—M. S. H., City. An all-aronnd
athlete says that one of the best "rubdowns" to
be used Dy athletes after exercising is cam
phorated alcohol after a bath, not too cold.
Cor-PER Cent—F. C, Oakland, Cal. As your
communication does not state in what coun
try "a copper two-cent piece of 1802" was
coined, it is impossible to tell if there is a pre
mium on the coin.
New York's Governor—a. and 8., City. The
Governor of the State of New York is elected
for a term of two years. The term of the
present Governor, Levi P. Morton, expires on
the 31st of next December.
A Poem— J. R., Benicia, Cal. The poem
by Cornie L. Bartlett, entitled "A Tribute to
Our Heroes," was published in The Call on
the 30th of May, 1891. It Is too lung for re
production in this department.
Goat Island School—Mrs. N. B. 8., City, and
F., San Rafael, Cal. As yet nothing has been
done to establish the training-school for boys
on Goat Island. As soon as anything is done
in that direction the matter will be noticed in
The Call.
Trolley—A. S.,Orland, Cal. If you have a
patent for an electric system that will do away
with overhead wires, and that is as simple as
"the opening and shutting of a jack-knife "
communicate with companies that use elec
tricity.
The Cuba Junta—S. P. 8., City. The head
quarters of the Cuban Junta is in Florida,
sometimes at one point, sometimes at an
other. It has no representation la San Fran
cisco that this department has been able to
discover.
Trout-Fishing— Murphys Camp,
Calaveras County, Cal. During the close sea
son in the State of California no one has a
right to catch trout, not even in a stream that
may be the property of the individual who
might desire to fish in it.
To the Cliff—W. H. F., Oakland, Cal. If, in
the matter of the distance from the ferry to
the Cliff House in an airline, yon prefer "the
measurements as shown by the map you name
to those recently published in this depart
ment, you are at liberty to do so. " *"
Holidays-J. M. N., Mohlor, Wagtf. There
are no National holidays in the United States.
Good Friday is not a National holiday in the
United States, but it is a bank holiday in Eng-
In^fln t^? nai/™n a i/™. th? lesal holidays?" is too
indefinite to admit of an answer, as each State
has its holidays. 'If you will name what State
__.%r^^_«i____J^ Oniied abOUt ' aU
Razzlb-dazzle-M. p., city. If you have
been playing razzle-dazzle dice with six dice
some one has been ringing in a "cold dicebox"
on you for the game is played with only five
dice. In playing this game the one who throws
the dice may elect to call an ace any thine he
chooses. If on the first throw an aw and two
threes came out and on the second a six and a
The City Hall— A. S. g., City The area
covered by the City Hall of San Francisco is
about four acres. The top of the Hall of
Records is 140 feet from the ground to the top
15ifeetabovf hetopof.the luare tower is
i* f£m tft? ™ c round and the main tower
is, from the ground to the top of the pedestal,
on which the Statue of Progress rests Si <)•;
torchon fhVh t0 the «^ "™ "5 c
327 fee" th ° StatUe the hel --t-»
Poetry-M. a, City. "Which of the poets,
Shakespeare, MUton or Dante, is the best?" is
a question that is answered by the individual
taste of the reader of the works of each. What
£»r !n cad« r WOUld a PPear »-c best would ap
pear inferior to another. Poetry, like beauty,
is a matter of individual taste. If you will
£?? d .c». e». wo,!i" of.Koseukranz and of Zimmer
mann, the historians of poetry, you will ob
™,?jnr information that may enlighten
you in regard to the * 'best poet." '
* Steel Tubing— A. R., Summerland, Cal. The
latest method in manufacturing steel tubing
for bicycles is that patented by a mechanic in
Freeport, 111. He takes sheets of steel just the
length the tubing is to be, turns inwardly a
narrow flange on each of the two ends that are
to come together. The sheet is then rolled
into the shape of a cylinder. That brings the
two flanged edges together. A specially curved,
very narrow piece of steel is slid over the two
flanges, and then in the hollowfhat is formed
a special wire is run andwheTTthe tubing is
heated this wire melts and brazes the flanges
and jacket that cover it, making a perfect and
strong joint.
Foreign Parents— W. A. F., City. If an alien
couple come to this country and settle without
the intention of becoming citizens of the
United States and they have sons born to them
those sons when they become of age are en
titled to nil the privileges of citizens, being
native born. Children 01 Cliinese born in this
country, if of the male sex, have, when over
twenty-one years of Bge, in this State been
registered and have voted without having
taken out naturalization papers.
Mrsrc and Opera— M. S., city, it is impos
sible to absolutely state who was or is tho
"most eminent musical composer of the
world." John Sebastian Bach might perhaps
be entitled to that distinction, but it must be
remembered thai Beethoven was the greatest
composer of symphonies, and the symphony
is generally considered tho highest form of
musical composition. There are many who
consider Richard Wagner the greatest of all
composers. The ten greatest oratorio writers
have been classed as follows: Handel, Bach,
Haydn, Gounod, Palestrina. Mendelssohn,
Caris-sime, Scarlatti, Graun and llasse. The
following named are Classed as the ten greatest
svmphonists: Beethoven, Wagner. -Mozart,
Haydn, Spohr, Schubert, Thalberg, Schu
mann, Masclieiles and Paderewski. Distinc
tion in the composition of grand opera is to a
great extent a matter of fashion, what one age
rejects, the otner accepts. Fifty years ago
"Tannhauser" was hissed off the stage and Ros
sini's works were adored. 1 1 seems no was if Ros
sini is in danger of being forgotten, while
Wagner needs no societies to propagate his
works. Several generations have considered
Mozart's operas the acme of good taste. Dut it
is the fashion in Borne musical circles to decry
them at present. It is impossible to say who
is "the supreme composer of grand opera," but
a glance of the repertoires of the leading opera
houses will give an idea of those who are con
sidered "supreme" at this time. The names
which occur most frequently are those of Wag
ner, Verdi and Gounod. A few years ago the
ten greatest writers of opera were classed as
follows: Mozart, Rossini, Wagner, Meyerbeer,
Beethoven, Uluck, Picini, Verdi, Gounod and
Donizetti.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Duchess of Fife delights in gymnastics
and is an accomplished mistress of the art of
fencing.
In Robert Graham, a clerk in Brooklyn, has
been discovered the person of Sir Robert Jamca
Stuart Graham, tenth Baronet of Esk.
Kentucky has a colored new woman, who is
a bricklayer and stone mason. There is also a
white woman in that State who, though 77
years old, shea/s her own sheep.
The painting of Christ, by Jerome, exhibited
at the Paris Salon this year, is creating a great
deal of comment. It is called "Renan's
Christ," and in realism is said to outdo Tisnot
himself.
Queen Victoria has sent a donation of 3000
francs for the poor at Nice. A number of officials
have received handsome presents, and the
new Royal Victorian Order is to be conferred
on the Prefect.
The British Museum will soon lose the serv
ices of Sir Woliaston Frauks, K. C. 8., the head
of the department of British and Mediseval An
tiquities. He has been an oflicer of the mu
seum since 1851.
The king of Denmark and Sweden will visit
England early ia July to attend the wedding
of Princess Maud of Wales and Prince Charles
bi Denmark. King Christian is to stay at Marl
borough House with the Prince and Princess
of Wales.
A Nice present for Eastern friends—Town
send's CaL glace Iruits, sOc lb. 627 Marltet st. •
Special information Uuily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pres3
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
The Soar family of Ambaston, Derbyshire,
England, have a curious heirloom in the
shape of a loaf of bread which is now over 600
years old.
No over-crowded boats and trains by noisy
Sunday picnics on the N. P. C. B. K. via Sau
salito terry, it being reserved for families and
private parties. •
HrsßAND's Calcinea Magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trade-mark label. *
Senator Cameron is trying to forget all about
free silver, apparently, in the City of Mexico.
He has been the object of much social atten
tion there. A review of one of the cavalry
regiments was held in his honor the other
day. ______________
"THE OVERLAND LIMITED"
Via Tnion Pacific.
OXTY Sl/ a DAYS TO CHICAGO-SJA
unx.x 4 V a DAYS TO NEW YORK—
Pullman double drawing-room sleepers and din
ing-cars, San Francisco to Chicago, dally without
change. Composite buffet smoking and library
cars between Salt Lake City, Ogden and Chicago.
Upholstered Pullman tourist sleepers, San Fran
cisco to Chicago, dally without change, and per
sonally conducted tourist excursions to St. Paul
and Chicago every Friday.
For tickets and sleeping-car reservations apply to
general office, 1 Montgomery street. Steamship
tickets on sale to and from all parts of Europe.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
•—• — ♦ — •
Take the Northern Pacific to All Point a
East.
If you are going East call at 638 Market street,
Ban Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestlbuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist cars
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Etateler, agent.
••Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing; Syrnp"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and ask
for Mrs. Winslow'B Soothing Syrup. 250 a bottle.
•• — —
Cokosado.- Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, sot*
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com- .
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
> ship, including fifteen days' board at tee Hotel dal
Coronado, $60: longer stay 92 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., Han Francisco. ■
« » « —
There are living at the present time
eleven ex-Governors of Vermont. The vener
able war Governor of. the State, Frederick Hol
brook, is still living at Brattleboro. He was
elected to office thirty-five years ago and is the
oldest of those who have filled Vermont's
executive chair.
NEW TO-DAY. •
J^ IjHINA If ARE
-AT — —
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7V<o
each. .
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
25c each.
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c.
50c. • -»■• i.l .
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60 pieces,
$4 65 and $5 25. , v...-j.\ ... . ;
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Richly Decorated Thin China Dinner Set
of 100 pieces, $15.
AT
Great Aiericanliiiportiii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth »t.
asiO c?Hi Bion 8t - 2 »8 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmore «t.
617 *&!?%*'' 9 6 5 Market st.
»4i9 Polk St - 3 056 Sixteenth st.
521 Montgomery «ye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3359 Mission st.
5a Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
i3i San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
i3 5 5 Park St., Alameda.fit *r* wAW
'RIDAV MAY 22, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Titkatkk.— "The Last Word."
California Thkateb- -a Trip to Chinatown."
Columbia Th«:ater-"Mlss Harum Scarnm."
Morosco's Opeba-Hocse- "Jack Cade."
1 Jvoli OpHKA-HorsK.— "Uncle Tom s Cabin."
Orphecm— High-Class Vaudeville.
Thk a tmtorium— Corner of Jones and Eddy
► ••• -Concert by the Stanford Glee Club, this
evening.
M tko Coney 18i-*xd— Bathing and Perform
inct-s.
Shoot the <hites— Dally at Halght street, one
Nock east of the Park.
Dog Show— At Mills' Tabernacle, Twelfth and
Webster streets, Oakland.
Bay District Track— Race*.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary Excursion and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
beld on Thursday, May 28. at Glenwood Pane
AUCTION SALES.
Bt F. T. Keelkr— This day (Friday), Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Kearny street, at 2 p.m.
Ev H. J. Lectholtz- This day (Friday),
Clothing, Art Goods, etc., at 781 Market st.. at 11
o'clock.
Bt (has. Levy <fc Co.— This day (Friday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o clock.
By M. J. Simmons Auction Co.— This day (Fri
day,) May 212, th« Swan Saloon, at 117 Eddy "street,
at 11 o clock. '
By O'Fabreli, & Co.— Monday, May 25, Real
Estate, at 11 Montgomery St., at 7:30 p. m.
By Shainwald, Bcckbek <fc Co Wednesday
May 27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont
gomery street, at IS o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
Kid McCoy will not meet Choynskt In a
fistic contest.
The Pacific Bank is suing W. A, Perry for the
lace value of a promissory note of $27,346.
The Hibernia Savings Bank is suing to fore
c -c a note made by Margaret R. Mann.
The weather forecast for to-day is fair,
•warmer, with fresh winds, log in the morning.
James Mortimer has returned from Seattle,
where he judged the bench show of the North
west.
W. J. Stone has been awarded judgment
apainst H. H. Bancroft for wages due on a
contract.
The Olymt.ic Club will send a team of ath
letes to Portland to compete against the Mult
nomah Club.
Another bidder for the new telephone fran
chise has submitted an ordinance to the Board
of Supervisors.
On the 29th inst. the Merchants' Association
will hold its annual meeting and election at
26 O'Farrcll street.
Admiral Beardslee has discovered a new spe
cies of trout, which has been named after him
by Professor Jordan.
The winning horses at the Bay District yes
terday were Myron, Toano, Bohemian Lass
Hello and Thornhill.
Forty-nine physicians were graduated from
the medical department of the University of
California yesterday.
Charles Billman, 1519 Eddy street, has been
rm.-sins: since Tuesday and his friends fear he
hu<- committed suicide.
1 he Fire Commissioners yesterday asked the
B'»Rrd of Supervisors to pass an ordinance to
regulate the tearing up of streets.
Ihe Grand Council of the Y.M.I, was ban
queted at Haywards last night and many
patriotic toasts were responded to.
The Kniph'.s of Pythias held their annual
in of urticers yesterday, and ihe women's
auxiliary adjourned til' next year.
William Norman, a bicycle dealer at 326
Me Ulister street, has been* attached on claims
BUf-Trgatinfr several hundred dollars.
nel Andrews has suggested a feasible
schera«- for raising funds for this City's carni
val without begging people to subscribe.
A syndicate brewery has probably been se
lected by the Brewery Workmen's Union for itt
boycott in the fight for union recognition.
Expert George W. Eider of the Board of
Supervisors declares that the Merchants' Asso
ciation estimates for street sweeping are erron
eous.
I: If. Samuels, the New York commercial
traveler. wa= served with a warrant in the
City l'nson yesterday charging him with petty
larceny.
The entries and handicaps of to-morrow's
cycle races at Central Park, published in to
day's Tali., show some of the fastest riders in
the State.
Mrs 1,. E. Aweng was murdered by Alva E.
rd, who then committed suicide, at
-iO seventh street at an early hour yasterday
morning.
The case of Park Policeman Dow, charged
with threatening to Kill Osmund G. Neilson of
1122 York street, will be heard by Judge Low
this morning.
Minnie Adam Brooks, the heiress of Jennie
Parsons, whose bottled will created a sensa
tion, is dad. and her husband refuses tocarry
on the litigation.
The P.-esidio Heights Republican Club's new
wigwam on Maple street was formally opened
la^t night. It is one of the neatest meeting
halls in the district.
Dr. Hugh M. Smith of the United States Fish
Commission hes come here from Washington
to iiunt for lost lobsters planted along the
coast some years aeo.
The est«t«» of Mrs. R. P. Wieland, deceesed,
has been apurai.-ed at $22,970. Of this sum
$■21 ,<>Oo represents the value of a lot on Cali
fornia and Webster streets.
Several nundred dollars' worth of jewelry
stolen from the residence of Mrs. Blemis, 37
Second street, on Monday, was recovered in
Buena Vista Park yesterday.
The residence of John E. Greene, Deputy As
sessor, war entered by burglars on Wednesday
and a number of valuable articles of jewelry
and other things were stolen.
The Sunset District Clubheld an enthusiastic
meeting night before last in which resolutions
were pn^eii thanking the Supervisors for the
recent appropriation made for the district.
Charles T. Lenihan, who was k witness in the
Burrant case, was arrested yesterday on the
charge of petty larceny for Dawning a rins
which he had borrowed from a young lady.
Henry D. Bigelow. the journalist, who died
last Tuesday, was burled yesterday. Many
prominent persons were present, and the obse
quies were characterized by touching scenes.
The one hundred and fifty committee ap
pointed by the Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors to arrange for a celebration the
coming Fourth of July, held Its first meeting
last evening.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion has written to Governor Budd requesting
him to use his influence and insist upon all
public institutions patronizing borne indus
tries instead of Eastern producers.
General Manager Vining.of the Market-street
Railwey Company, stated yesterday that the
placing oi a transfer agent at Tenth and
H"v.fcrd street was in contemplation aud also
the adoption of the check-transfer system at
that point.
The crew of the John A. are at outs with
Captain H<?ilqup«t in consequence of what
they claim to be his neglect in not permitting
a bo-i! to be lowered for the rescue of the man
seen last Monday on the keel of an upturned
boat off Lime Point.
Jev.s and gentiles united last night in grand
memorial ierric m »t B'nai B'rith Hall in honor
of BHron Maorice de Hir^rh. There were ad
dresses by K. .T. Wolfe, Edmund Tauszky. P.
C. York", Rev. Dr. Levy and Rabbi Voorsunger
and uppropiate hymns, prayers and anthems. !
Fre'i if'-a.y ha* applied for a decree annul'i
reccnt mtirrip.ge on the ground thnt he
waapo deeply intoxicated at the time of the
( • r, mony tha4 ..e aid not know what he was
doing. He is the son oi Captain Ilealy of the
JVur Hii'l u«s married to a young lady of this I
City some weeks ago. .
Brilliant Gathering: at Cafe Zinkttnd.
Every evening after the performances of
Aria I'ehan at the Baldwin and Amy L c
at the Columbia there may be seen at the
Cufe Zmka'id a large gathering of the best
cliirs i ■: [leople. Hie European custom to
partake of refreshments after the theater
is becoming very popular here.
Wa»i Subject to I.|.il.pHV.
Isaac Anderson, 12 years old, died at his resi
dence, 11 Lilac avenue, yesterday, from inju
ries received in /ailing from a Mission-street
car on the night of May 18. Dr. Campbell,
who attended him, says thru Anderson was
.•■abject to epilepsy, and it was during one of
these attacks that tne accident occurred.
Aiidit .1, Stanley ISrown.
J Stanley Broun, special xgentol the United
States Treitsury Department and s,ou-:n law of
ex-Pre-ident Gatfield, is at the Occidental.
He is en route :o his post in the far north and
came on from Washingtoi, which has been for
a number of years his Headquarters.
NEWS ON THE
WATER FRONT
Sailing Vessel Officers to
Be Examined for Com
petency.
NAVIGATION GRADUATES
The Travels of a Chart Around
the World in Search
of a Ship.
BELL BUOY FOR MILE ROCKS.
Philip Robbin, a Mendocino Rancher,
in Search of His Wife—War
like Japs.
Of late there has been a desire on the
part of the ship-owners here to establish a
board of examiners, whose duty will be to
test the proficiency of captains and offi
cers sailing vessels in and out of San Fran-
I cisco. This is the only port in the civil
! ized world where persons in charge of sail
| ing craft are permitted to go and lome with
their ability as navigators unquestioned.
Anybody who can get a job on board a
vessel as skipper or mate can take charge
and bump his ship up against the first
rock he approaches and render no account
to any lawful authority.
The underwriters, who are supposed to
be interested in dach matters, are indiffer
ent because in the ca«e of wreck or loss the
fact that the vessel's officers are without
certificates of competency gives the ma
rine Insurance companies an opportunity
to contest the payment of the policies.
There are a number of so-called schools
of navigation in the City that promise for
a stipulated sum to make their pupils com
petent navieators in a given time. W T hen
the term of schooling has expired, the
student is given a sort of diploma, which
sets forth the recipient's proficiency to
navigate a ship all over the world, and no
other official sanction is required.
Recently Edmund H. and Alfred D. Mo-
Nevin of the McNevin School of Nay Ra
tion brought the que stion of competency
on the part of coast ship officers before the
Chamber of Commerce, and that body ap
pointed a com niittee to investigate the
matter. After due deliberation they made
the following report.
To the Chambrr of Commerce: Your com
mntee nas considered the question of the ex
amination by authority of the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco of officers in the
merchant marine, and respectfully report that
the objectionable features of the recent method
are evident. They afford no security to the
ship-owner or underwriter and are of little or
no benefit to the recipient of a navigation
school certificate outiide of the limits wherein
the examiners may be personally known as
competent to perform their duties. In ail
large marine ports of European nations and at
New York such certificates of competency In
navigation and seamanship are issued by" the
official authority of some organized (jro'vern
nieut or commercial body.
It is evident to your committee that the like
procedure at »an Francisco will be of decided
advantage to its maritime and commercial in
terests.
Consequently we respectfully recommend
that the honorable board of trustee? of the
Chamber of Commerce appoint two official ex
aminers, who shall be members of the cham
ber, to hold office at the pleasure of the board, I
who shall be competent in navigation, nauti
cal astronomy and practical seamanship, and I
authorize them to examine all applicants ap
plying to them for certificates of competence;
that the Issuance of said certificates shall de
pend also on proofs of sobriety, actual service
and goo 1 character; that they shall be issued
to American citizens proficient in the English
language and of legal ape; that the chnrpe
for each certificate shall be fixed by the
board of trustees and a record thereof be
kept stating all particulars necessary for
personal identification, and the name <>f the !
teacher or navigation school from which the
recipient has acquired his knowledge of the
profession; that the bureau shall be self-fus
taining and shall not in any event draw upon
the Chamber of Commerce treasury; that for
the convenience of supervision the nfflce of
said bureau shall be at the Chamber of Com
! merce room;., for which a rental shall be
charged; that the board of examiners shall
make an annual report to the boar.) of trus
tees, and that certificates of competency shall
be signed by the preside-it or vice-president of
the Chamber of Commerce ex-nffieio. and also
by the two examiners, and sha;l be prepared
in as permanent a form as possible; that the
examiners shall have authority to revoke cer
tificates on a proper and just showing of un
worthiness.
Wiih these precautions and conditions wje
are confident that certificate? of competency
issued by the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco will assume a value to their holders
all over the world, and will be of service to
maritime interests represented by this cham
ber, as well as to all American ship-owners.
We finally recommend tnat the honorable
board of trustees appoint the official examiners
at their next monthly session and authorize
them to enter upon tlieir duties as soon there
after as practicable Respectfully submitted,
J. T. Chapman,
Charles Nelson,
WillAm L. Merry,
Committee.
The Chamber of Commerce immediately
appointed Captain William L. Merry and
D. T. E. Wilson as examiners In seaman
ship and navigation. They will enter on
their duties June 1 and make quarterly re
ports to the board of trustees. The office
of the board of examiners will be in room
58, Merchants' Exchange building.
In the early part of 1891 a chart was
mailed from the Navy Department, Wash
ington, to tfie United Slates steamer
Adams at Mare Island. The vessel sailed
for Port Townsend before the package
reached her, and it was dispatched to her.
Again she sailed before the chart caught
her, and the roll of parchment faithfully
followed the war vessel lrora port to port
to Sitka, through Bering Sea, and down
the coast of Central America.
A few days ago ti at chart reached this
City, still hunting the ship. During its
five years of wandering over the ocean it
has become ornamented with many post
marks, addresses and unique inscription*.
One naval captain wrote: "If this pack
age conies to my ship again I will heave it
overboard." In another place somebody
has written: "This chart was at Port
Townsend in 1892," and "This was lost,
tound and then lost again." Another per
son, becoming weary of the oft return of
the voyaging package, has penned: "For
Heaven's sake find the Adams!" Even
the chart itself has been made to say:
"Please find my destination. Am sea
sick and weary of travel."
The Adams is at Honolulu, whither the
package will be mailed to-morrow.
On the sth of next month a bell buoy
painted red will be placed on Mile Rock,
ID the entrance to this harbor, and thus ■
dangerous obstruction to navigation wil.
be marked.
Philip Kobbin, a rancher from near
Ukiah. was in thi= City yesterday with his
lwo little boys searching for his wife, who.
he says, ran away from Woodland with a
man named Frank Smith. Failing to find
the woman, he took the train last evening
for home.
Customs Inspector Chaloner had a liveiy
fi^'ht at the Pacific Mail dock Wednesday.
He tried to seitrch a little Japanese com
ing off a steamer, wlien the small brown
man hit the official with ail the force oJ
hi« small brown fist. Several other Jap
anese went to the assistance of their war
ring countryman and were making it ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
ceedingly warm lor the customs man when
he received re-enforceruents, ana the Japs
were stopped in their mad, wild career.
CARPENTERS AND JOINERS.
Apprentices Permitted to Join the
L'niona at Half Rate.
An important meeting of the District
Council of Carpenters and Joiners was held
Wednesday evening. It was decided
that apprentices between the ages of 18
and 21 bhall be admitted into the car
penters' unions at half-rate initiation fee,
or for $5.
Heretofore the carpenters' unions have
only paid strike money to those men called
out on strike because "the bosses paid less
than the minimum rate, $3 for eight nours'
work. It was decided last evening to pay
the strike rate of $1 a day to those called
out on strike for the maintenance of all
union rules. Only union men in good
standing will be entitled to this considera
tion.
Several carpenters were before the conn
cil on charges of haying worked with non
union men. The first fine is $5. Half a
dozen, rather than pay the fine, hustled
around and induced the non-union men
with whom they were caught working to
send in their applications for membership.
By this sharp move the council was prac
tically powerless to impose fines, and con
sidered it an evil wind that blows no good."
TO BLOW HIS BRAINS OUT.
Park Policeman Dovi' Threat to Os-
liininl G. Neil« hi
The case of Park Policeman James
Dow, charged with threats to kill by Os
mond G. Neilson, a milkman living at
1122 York street, was called in Judge
Low's court yesterday and continued till
to-day.
Neilson and his wife have not been liv
ing together for the past three months.
She lives at 1225 York street, and since
they separated Neilson says that Dow has
been visiting her three or four times a
week and had agreed to iurnish the money
to enable her to get a divorce.
Sunday night after Dow had left Mrs.
Neilson her husband met him and they
had some angry words, Dow pulling out
his revolver and threatening to blow
Neilson's brains out.
ANOTHER BIDDER APPEARS
Competition for the New Tele
phone Franchise Becomes
Lively.
The Original Ordinance Declared to
Be One-Sided and Unsatis
factory.
A new element was injected yesterday
into the fight that is now being made be
fore the Board of Supervisors for a new
telephone franchise by the presentation of
a second ordinance providing for the
privilege.
The ordinance originally proposed was
twice sent back to the Street Committee
for reconsideration because of matters
contained therein that were not satisfac
tory to the members.
General Friedrich, who has been urging
the claims of the parties who asked that a
second franchise be granted, appeared be
fore the committee and urged that the
franchise be advertised for sale at once,
claiming that the jokers that had been
mentioned in the franchise existed only in
the minus of those who were opposed to it.
"I have heard a great deaJ about jok
ers," said General Fnearich, "since this
company first appealed for a franchise. I
The only joker that I know of is in the
law itself, requiring the Supervisors to
put franchises up for sale. It is a well
known fact that that law was passed in
the interest of the big corporations, which
want to shut out competition and buy up
every franchise that is put up for «a'e.
The joker complained of is in the clause
whicn provides that the grantee of the
franchise must have at least 2000 contracts
with people who are patrons of the pres
ent monopoly. That chiuse was inserted
for the purpose of shutting out irresponsi
ble persons who will be willing to sell out
to ihe monopoly. It shows that we mean
business ana that we intend to give battle
to the monopoly. The only people who
can reasonably object to that clause are
the officers of the Bell Telephone Com
pany."
The committee took the matter under
consideration, and in the afternoon lis
tened to Herman de Laguna, who said he
represented heavy capitalists who were
ready to invest their money in t^e tele
phone business as soon as they could be
assure'! that a franchise could be obtained.
He declined to give the names of the
backers of the s<cbeme because the pub
lishing of the names might arouse lil
feeling between them and the officers and
stockholders of the present company. He
said that the franchise that had been pro
posed was one sided, incomplete and with
out certain legal requirements that were
necessary to make it available.
He declared that these points were all
covered by the company he represented.
In regard to rates lie stated that the
people he represented would reduce the
expense of telephones in private houses to
f J a mouth with an unlimited number of
local switches free, and the telephones to
$5 a month, with 1 cent for each switch.
He stated that his people were willing to
sprnd $600 000 in establishing the system,
$100,000 to be expended in the first twelve
months. One hundred telephones would
be given the City free and 150 after the
first ten years. The matter was taken un
der consideration.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
The Palnt«ra' Union Seeki to Get a
Test Case Before the
Court*.
Business Agent R. T. Mclvor of the
Painters' Union called at the office of the
United States District Attorney yesterday
and asked for a warrant for the arrest of
the foreman of the California Paint Com
pany on a charge of violating the eight
hour law. Mclvor alleged that the paint
ers engaged in putting the finishing
touches on the battle-ship Oregon had
been compelled to work nine hours a day
or more.
The law covering this point is not very
clear, stipulating among other things that
men may be worked over eight hours if
tLe conditions surrounding the particular
work will not admit of de^vy.
District Attorney Foote is of the opin
ion that the law is not capable of enforce
ment because of its wording. He has
taken the case under advisement, how
ever, and will render an opinion in a few
days. Mclvor's action is not hostile to tne
foreman of the paint company, but is
prompted by a deoire to test the eight-hour
law.
John Things' Peculiar Death
John Henry Thiess of 2«2 Minna street died
at the German Hospital yesterday from a blow
on the head, received in a very peculiar way.
On Monday last he was sitting in his back yard
rending a paper, when an extra heavy eust of
nimiblewan iron tank lid off an adjoining
ttooM upon Tii iess' head. He was removed 10
the German Hospital In on unconscious condi
tion. Death ended his sufferings yesterday.
Not n Blnirmore Victim.
The body of a roan, at first supposed to be
one of the vicims of the Blnirmore disaster,
was found floating in the l,ay oft Fort Point
yesterday. Late in the afternoon trie British
Consul viewed the body, and concluded that
it was not one of the crew of the sunken ship
Gas Consumers' Association (the old
company), 316 Post street.
SUICIDE FOLLOWS
A BRUTAL MURDER
Mrs. L. Aweng Assassinated
by Alva E. Shep
herd.
HE THEN TAKES HIS LIFE
The Murderer Used a Keen-Edged
Razor to Commit the
Ghastly Deed.
NO MOTIVE FOR THE CRIME.
Shepherd Was a Religious Fanatic and
Committed the Deed While
Insane.
Lying cold in death, surrounded by
pools of crimson blood which had eushed
from fearful wounds in their throats, the
bodies of Alva E. Shepherd and Mrs. L. E.
THE MURDERER AND THE VICTIM OF HIS DEADLY RAZOR.
Aweng were found in a small bedroom at
205 Seventh street last evening, at 7
o'clock.
The woman had been murdered by j
Shepherd, who for many months had
posed as her friend and protector, and he
then committed suicide, using a keen
edged razor, the same weapon with which ;
he had murdered Mr:-. Aweng, to do the !
deed.
The couple had not been seen since 7
o'clock yesterday morning, and as no
sound was heard coming from their apart
ments during the day the suspicions o!
those occupying the upstairs rooms were
aroused. Last evening M. S. Norton and
Mrs. S. Derman concluded to investigate.
They entered the front door of the build
ing, but on reaching tne bedroom door, at
the end of the hallway, they found it
locked. This being unusual, they forced
the lock and were horrified at the ghastly
spectacle of the double tragedy.
Word was immediately sent to the Cen
tral Police Station and from there to the
Coroner's office. Deputy Coroners J. G.
Tyrrell and L. Mclnnes went to the scene
of tlie crime and removed the remains to
the Morgue.
When discovered the body of the mur
dered woman was lying on the bed, her
face turned slightly to the left. She was
attired in her nightdress, and was proba
ble asleep when the crime was committed.
A fearful gash in her throat, which
nearly severed the head from the body,
showed only too plainly how she had met
her death. Mrs. Aweng had been an
invalid for some time, and near her
bed was a large bouquet of calla lilies,
fehe turned toward the flowers, probably,
just as the knife severed the veins and
arteries in her neck and the bouquet was
drenched with her blood.
Shepherd, the murderer and suicide,
was lying on his face between the bed and
the south wall of the room. He had cut
his own throat in a manner more shock
ing even than he did the woman's.
When an attempt was made to lift the
remains into the receiver it was found
that death had taken place many hours
before the discovery of the body. A razor
was discovered clenched between the stii
fened ringers of the man. So tight was
the grasp that for a time they absolutely
refused 10 release the death-inflicting
weapon.
What motive could have prompted
Shepherd to commit the murder and then
kill himself? This is a mystery ; but it is
presumed that the murderer was tempo
rarily insane at the time he committed the
deed. Mrs. Aweng was addicted to the
use of morphine in life, and ac it is known
that Shepherd was a spiritualist and op
posed to the use of any drug, this fact
may have led to the murder.
In a notebook found by the side of the
murderer's body is scrawled a note which
gives strength to this theory. It rea>is as
follows: "Blessing. Depend on God,
Christ the spirits; may his will be done.
God commands no morphine. Inspira
tional doctor clairvoyant."
Shepherd probably went into the
woman's room and detected her in the
act of taking a dose of morphine, and be
coming angered cut her throat and then
his own.
Shepherd often posed as Mr?. Aweng's
cousin, but it is not believed ihat any re
lationship, other than mere' friendship,
existed between them. Mr^. Aweng oltcn
went by the name of Mrs. Hader, which
was her first husband's name. He has
been dead for many years.
L. E. Aweng, the husband of the mur
dered woman, is at present residing in
the State of Sonora, Mexico, and letter
among Mrs. Aweng's effects show that he
sent her considerable money at short in
tervals. He corresponded regularly. Mrs.
Aweng aiso leaves a daughter in Los An
geles, Cal., and relatives in Virginia.
It was ascertainerl| |from Shepherd's
effects that he had relatives living in Char
lotsville, Va., and that he leaves a mother
in Gilroy. Cal. /
Swimming at Satro's.
The amateur swimmers of this City arc to
have a championship meeting on Saturday
and Sunday, the 23d and 24th Inst., at Sutro
Baths. It will be the biggest swimming meet-
Ing ever held here and the entries are very
numerous, numbering many of the best swim
mers on the coast. In all. probability there
will be a record or two shattered. The" differ
ent distances have all been correctly and
officially measured and the timekeepers will be
old hands at their business, so there is no
doubt that any record made will stand. All
the prominent clubs have been notified and
tho entries are coming in fast. Any swimmers
who desire to enter either the 100-yard, 50
-yard or 220-yard championship races will
please send their names to the baths by Satur
day noon to insure their being placed. There
will be tub and float races, and races in which
the competitors must be fully dressed, also
trapeze flying and high and fancy diving con
tests. The races will begin at 2 and Bp. m. of
each day and the First Regiment Band will
give a concert between the events.
Wants Taxes Back.
Jane L. Stanford has brought suit to recover
taxes paid under protest on 1817 shares of the
Rocky Mountain Coal and Iron Company as
sessed at $181,700; 799 flrst-mort K age bonds
of the Mexican International Railway Com
pany, assessed at $519,350; 575 bonds'of the
Galveston, Harrisbur& and San Antonio Rail
road Company, assessed at $3' 15 050- 200
shares of the Atchison, Topeka nnd <Rnta Fe
Railroad Company, assessed at $2700; 600
shares of the Chesapeake and Oi.io Railroad
Company, assessed at $10,000; 35 bonds of the
same company, assessed a: $31fiO; 87 shares of
the same company, assessed at $1458. and four
bonds of the city of Paducah. assessed at
$4000. She alleges that all these arc alre^dv
assessed elsewhere. The total amount of taxes
poid was Jr23,107 28.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
Nominations Made for the An
nual Election of Direc
tors.
Plans to Be Devised for Securing the
Adoption of the Proposed New
Charter.
At the meeting of the Merchants' Asso
ciation yesterday F. W. Dohrmann. Wiil
iam Doxey, A. Fusenot, H. D. Keil, M. S.
Kohlnerg, Henry Michaels, R. F. Osborne
and Frank A. Swain were present.
The nominating committee of the asso
ciation presented a report in which it said:
It was unanimously decided that the excel
lent record made by your board of directors
during the past year has more than entitled
eacii of you to renomination and re-election
at the hands of the Mercnants' Association.
Accordingly, the nominating committee has
tendered a renomination to each of the present
board of directors who would consent to the
honor. This left but three rdditional names
for your committee to nominate to complete
the board lor the ensuing year.
Herewith we submit a list of the fifteen
names for thp next board of directors of the
Merchant! 1 Association, to be vo'ed upon at
th" annual meeting of the association on
Thursdr.y evening, May 29.
The list of nominees as presented by the
! committee consists of the following:
A. S. Baldwin of Baldwin & Hammond,
i Charles Bundschu of J. Gundlach A Co., James
1 S. Corwell of the Indiana Bicycle Company, \V.
I G. Doane of Doane & Henshelwood, F. W.
Dohrmann of Nathan. Dohrmann & Co., Wil
liam Doxey of William Doxey, A. G. J. Fusenot
of G. Verdier & Co., Hugo D. Keil of Goldberg,
Bowen & Co., Manfred S. Kohlber* of Kohl berg,
Straus* it Frohmann, Henry Michaels of Laiiß
ley & Michaels Cmnpanv, R. F. Osborn of R. F.
Osborn A Co., M. A. Rothschild of the Wert
! heimer Company, Joseph Simonson of Callfor
' nia Gas Fixture Company, Vanderlynn Stow of
• 1 homas Day & Co., Frank A. SwaiD of Swain
Brothers.
The prospective new members of the
board are Charles Bundschu, James G.
j Cornwall, president of the Cycling Board
I of Trade, and M. A. Rothschild.
At the annual meeting of the association
j the best ways and means necessary for the
j adoption cf the new charter for San Fran
cisco will be considered. The secretary
! was instructed to invite to this meeting
the following prominent clubs and associ
ations of San Francisco: The Board of
Freeholders, the Cycle Board of Trade,
i Chamber of Commerce, Board of Trade,
j Produce Exchange, Manufacturers' and
I Producers' Association, San Francisco As
! sociation of Improvement Clubs, Mechan
ics Institute, San Francisco Labor Coun
| cil, Richmond Improvement Club, Mission
Improvement Association, Point Lobos
i Improvement Club, Butchers' Board of
I Trade, Draymen and Teamsters' Union,
: Civic Feneration and League of American
: Wheelmen. A concerted plan of action
! for the certain adoption of the new char
; ter will be adopted in conjunction with all
1 tliese organizations of the City and any
I others who may wish to join.
Found for Defendant.
A jury has found for the defendant in the
case of James F. Chapman against George T.
Marye and others, a suit for S?50,000 damages.
lv 1889 Captain Alexander 11. Nichols, while
walking home ear'.y one morning, fell into an
excavation in front of the Marye building, on
Market street and City Hall avenue. He died
I from the effects of his injuries, and Chapman,
1 as the executor of his estnte, sued for damages.
j The defense was contr:butory negligence.
When Baby was sick, \re gave her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
FORESTERS STILL AT OUTS
Dissatisfied Members Talk of
Organizing a New
Order.
Tempestuous Ending of the Recent
Supreme Annual Session
at Ukiah.
A storm cloud still hovers over the
Grand Court of Foresters. The troubles
of the annual session, just held at Ukiah,
are far from being amicably settled. In
fact, it would seem now that the wrangling
gome on at present is very likely to end in
a more or less serious division in the ranks
of the Foresters. "The whole trouble,"
said Miss Flynn, junior past preceding
officer of the Companions of the Forest,
last night, "might be summed up in the
words, 'Too much Falconer.' The faction
of which Falconer is the head is respon
sible for nearly all the trouble that has
arisen. The actions of the members of
tliis faction in making up slates in caucus
and trying vo engineer their schemes
through the convention so disgusted many
of the delegates that they left the conven
tion in a body.
"The trouble originated in a discussion
over the books of the secretary who has
just retired. A majority report of the
auditors passed favorably upon the secre
tary's books. A minority report, however
presented by R. N. McClennan, found
fault with the manner in which the books
had been kept, but made no charges of
discrepancy in the accounts. The books
showed that sums of money had been dis
bursed greater t an the amount on hand.
The secretary, Mrs. Roy, was reported to
have borrowed $500 from a Mrs. Boehm.
All this, however, was mere rumor, yet it
produced a feeling of uneasiness and dis
satisfaction among the delegates. The
minority report of Mr. McClennan was re
ceived with hisses by the Falconer faction.
"Many of the dissatisfied delegates had
already left the convention and thet^o
factions were about equal in numbers.
Mrs. Roy was put up for supreme chief
companion by thu Falconer faction and
elected by a majority of one vote. After
the faction had elected the other State
candidates the convention was broken up
and the installation of the newly elected
officers wa» postponed until last evening,
when the State candidates were to be in
stalled at Foresters' Hall in this City.
"Most of the dissenting delegates re
mained for the ball that was Riven after
the convention. Owing to the division
and quarreling that had taken place
during the session the festivities that were
to close the convention ended in a fiasco.
The dissenting delegates are especially in
dienantat the manner in which the people
of Ukiah, who entertained them royally,
have been treated.
"As the matter now stands the Falconer
faction has the upper hand. Those of us,
however, who witndrew from the conven
tion will never go back while Mrs. Roy re
mains at the head of the order. It is
quite possible that the seceding members
may organize a new order entirely inde
pendent of the old."
MEDALS FOR WINES.
Honors Bestowed on the Late Tlburcio
Parrott's Vintages at Atlanta.
Medals have been received at the State
Board of Trade from Director-General
C. A. Cullier of the Atlanta Exposition —
the medals being confe rred for wines sent
to the exposition by the late Tiburcio Par
rott before his death. The first is a gold
medal accompanied by a diploma of honor,
which explains that the medal is "awarded
to Tiburcio Parrott of Villa Parrott, Cali
fornia, lor an exhibit of tt.e Nuntrachet
tope of white burgundy, meritorious for
the fineness of bouquet and general excel
lence."
The second is a bronze medal accom
panied by a diploma of honorable mention
"for an exhibit of burgundy wine."
The Expenses of a Horse.
Judge Seawell was interested in horseflesh
yesterday. The title to the racehorse Pasha
was contested before him, and a rather mixed
case was presented. The horse originally be
longed to C. D. Bishop, a jockey, who sold a
half interest in the animal to J. s. Macintosh
for Bishop bought the horse from Frank
Van Ness. The Public Administrator appears
in the case as administrator of Bishop's estate,
Bishop having been killed in the East. Mac
intosh had raced the animal in the mean
time, and he had won purses to the amount of
$690. Macintosh wanted to put in a bill to
Bishop's estate for $«O0 training expenses, but
the claim was made that the winnings ought
to be enough to pay those. R. Porter Ashe was
finally appointed referee to examine into the
it ■ms of expense, and the question of owner
ship was laid over until his report has been ac
cepted.
•—• — ♦ — • .
A Sunday-School Picnic.
The Sunday-schools connected with the Cen
tral, Simpson Memorial, California-street,
Powell-street an<i Potrero Methodist Episcopal
churches will hold their annual picnic at Sun
set Park in the Santa Cruz Mountains to-mor
row(Saturday), leaving the City at 8 :15 o'clock.
NEW TO-LAY— AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK.
SATURDAY - - MAY 23
Afternoon and Evening,
2 and 8 P. 31., . *
National Circuit L A. W. Race Meet
Professional and Amateor Cycle Racing
for Cash and Valuable Prizes.
General Admission.. 2sc I Balcony.. 75c
Grand Stand 50c | Boxes $ 1 00
S. F. CYCLE-RACING ASSOCIATION
CHAS. A. WIKEDIL, Manager.
SUTRO__BATHS.
GRANDEST AQUATIC EXHIBITION
Ever H«ld on the Pacific Coast.
All Amateurs Desiring to Enter Race*
Must send their names to Baths before 10 a. m
SATURDAY.
PROGRAMME TO COMMENCE AT 2 P. M.
SATURDAY, May 23, and Finish at 11
. p. m. Sunday, May 24.
BOYS AND GIRLS-
ADMISSION (including bathing) 15 C
Admi sion only \ 5 C
Adults ioc
Frank Burton, the American Hustler
On his tour around the world WITHOUT A CENT
will black the bco:s of all visitors on above dates'
FREK of CHARGE.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
Saturday & Sunday. Afternoons & Evenings.
TO-MOR »; Off,, SATURDAY,
Free Parachutes for Children!
SUNDAY AFTKRNOON,
LjEHjA^TJAIR !
Admission 100. Children sc.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
POSTPONED!
ON ACCOUNT OF RAIN THE PICNIC
unionTprilnters'
UNION PRINTERS'
mutual aid SOCIETY
TO BE HELD
At QUENWOOD PARK
Santa Cruz Mountains.
THURSDAY. MAY 21, 1896
HAS BEEN POSTPONED TO
Thursday. IVI« 28.
Tickets issued tor May 21st will be good for Hay
28th. Round trip, SI. OO.
DUFFY'S PURE
*SSv mil WHISKEY
FDRiviEDiciNAC^E
NO FUSEL OIL
IT IS THE
"BEST FRIEND"
when coughing, sneezing, hacking
or lassitude conies. Sold by all
reliable druggists or grocers.
Send for a pamphlet to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y. ■■
NEW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
• EXGAGEHLKNT
I_^._-_ _, '—ENGAGEMENT
FOR
MISS
ADAREHAN
Under the Management of .Mr. Augusiln Daly.
TO.NIGHT— LAST TIME,
THE LAST WORD.
Saturday Matinee COUNTESS GI'CKI
Saturday Night... SCHOOL, FOR SCAXDAI
Next Week— Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and
Friday nights and Saturday Matinee— Exquisite
production Shakespeare s fanciful comedy—
■ IIDSBIIER NIGHT'S DREAM.
Thursday Night COUNTESS GCCKI
Saturday Night LOVE ON * HUTCHES
3d Week— "Twelfth Night," "The Honeymoon,"
" Taming of the shrew," etc.
Seats Now Soiling; for Kntire 3 Weeks.
—————— LAST
A a AT THE .t 3
CAL!forWIA_ ..^TJ^
As Big a Drawing Card as Ever !
HOYT'S r t riest 1
A 3l " 11 ' HARRY
CONOR
TRIP TO §1
CHINATOWN «j£L
-
rmct>LAnoiß.GcnioD« c?^» A.nammao»-«-
A Veritable Laugh-Provoker!
Very— Very Funny!
"MISS HARM mm !"
Bright and Cntchy Musical Numbers.
A Splendid Comedy Company, including
AMY LEE and FRANK DOANE.
Reserved Scats— 2sc, 500 and 75c.
Jane 1-TheNew FKAWLEY COMPANY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. ta.Mati.NE Kbiliks, Propriator & .\lan*eM
CAUGHT THE TOWN!
The Xegal Operatic Production of
"Ii\CLE TOFSCaIF
The Lovely Music of the South!
Characteristic Negro Dances
And Cake Walk!
The Leree B^njo Strammers!
Clever Specialties : Superb Cast!
"GRAND APOTHEOSIS,"
Popular Prices— and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In Am»ric*.
WALTER AIQKOSUO, sole Lessee and ManiW
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Third Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER .
In the Great Historical Tragedy,
"JACK CADE!"
The Bondman of Kent !
First Knight of Labor !
-~ IiIHMI PMC** MO alii ">lc
Family Circle and Gallery. 10a.
Usual Matinee* Saturday ana Sunday.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WKEK
More Noted International Attraction! !
LE CLAIR and LESLie,
MLLE. CARRIE,
JOHN W. RAKSONE,
WOOD AND SHEPAKD
And a Magnificent Company.
Beaerred seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera oa»i;i
and Box seats, 50c.
Next Monday— Paptnta, the sensation of the East,
fRIEDLANDER<K)TTIOB&C°. UsSEES&al*,na4£»'
. FRIDAY EVKNJNG. MAY Ji»—
FAREWELL CONCERT
STANFORD UXVKR<ITI '
GLEE AND MANEOLIN CLUBS.
The Beat Programme Ever Given.
Reserved seats, 50c. 75c and $1.00, on sale at
Sherman, Clay 4 Co.'s.
ALAMEDA COUNTY SPORTS-
MEN'S ASSOCIATION.
DOG SHOW
MILLS TABERNACLE
Twelfth and Webster Streets,
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY,
May 20th. 21st, 22d and 23d. 1896.
ADMISSION, &0c CHILDREN, 250
QUEEN VICTORIA'S BIRTHDAY.
A banquet In honor of the day will he held at the
Palacf Hotel, tinier the auspices of the British
Benevolent Society of California, on MONDAY,
Mar 25. Nt 7:30 p. m. Tickets $5 each. Can be
procured at DOxer'a, under the Palace Hotel.
REV. W. W. BOLTOX, Hon. Sec.
RACING! RACINGI RACING
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
WINTER MEEriN.G ■
Beginning Thurs\ay, May 14-th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. lla:n or Shine.
FIVK OR MOKK RACKS EACH DAY.
Kates start at 2:00 p. m. sharp.
McAllister and Ueary street car* pius tha at*
B. B. Alll.lu.iY. THO6. U. WILLIAMS J 1t.,.
Becrotary. Fr«»ld«al.
78
VINING'S EYE ON
A NEW LEAK
Tenth and Howard Streets
May Soon Have a Trans
fer Agent.
TRANSFERS SOLD THERE
The General Manager Speaks of
the Operations of the
Check System.
PLEASED WITH PAST RESULTS.
Claims That Seventy-five Dollars a
Day Is Being Saved for the
Company.
So far from feeling in any degree per
turbed or discourageu by the untoward in
cidents that have developed from the
inauguration of the new transfer system
at the corners of Powell and Market and
Third and Market streets, or by the threat
ened action of the Supervisors to abolish
the system, the Market-street Railway
Company is considering the extension of
the system to the Howard and Tenth
streets corner, the point where, next to
those already protected, the largest
amount of transferring is done.
General Manager E. P. Vining was asked
yesterday how the innovation was operat
ing, :>o far as the company's interests were
concerned.
He replied that, all things considered,
the plan was satisfactory, though there
were some little inconveniences that it
would be agreeable to see removed, and
added:
"It is working much more smoothly
than at iirst, when people forgot to ex
chance their cheeks for transfers or aid
not know just where to iind the transfer
agent.
"We have not had a case reported for
the pa3t week in which a person forgot to
niiike the proper exchange fur a transfer
before boarding hi? car. The trouble that
has been occasioned by people insisting on
riding on checks has been premeditated in
every case, 1 believe."
"Then you will continue the present
system in force?" was asked.
"Certainly. It is the best thine we can
do, under the circumstances, to" protect
our business. It has effected a wonderful
saving in our revenue at these two points,
and we have about sixty places where we
transfer; but the.-c two enjoy the largest
basincsa of this kind. Tenth ami Howard
streets is the third largest transfer point,
and there is considerable of this objection
able traffic in transfers carried on there,
which we shall have to stop."
"Is it, then, the intention to extend the
new chesk-transfer system to that point?"
'We shall have to do so, unless we lind
some other way of preventing the com
-1 any from being robbed," answered Mr.
Vining. who then went into the 7,' hole
transfer question, as viewed by himself, as
follows:
Our position in relation to transfer involves
a consideration cf the purpose for which trans
fers are issued.
Most of our Urge American cities have a
smali and compact business district, from
which street railway line* radiate to all the
residence sections of the city, so that nearly all
the people are able to travel back and forth
between thtir homes and their places of busi
ness by through street-car lines without trans
fer.
The business interests of San Francisco,
however, are widely scattered, and the City is
bo laid out th!U noiwitlistauding the fact that
the number of miles of Btreet-car lines is
larger in proportion to the population than in
almost any other city in the world, there are
many citizens who canuot get from their
homos to their places of business by any
through line, and they are therefore compelled
to make one or more transfers on their way.
A trnnsfer is always objectionable, and Is
used only as the best practicable substitute for
a through line of cars in cases in which it is
impracticable to ruu the cars through without
change.
It is well understood, in cases in which cars
run through, that a single 5-cent fare pays for
only a single continuous trip in one direction.
Passengers do not expect permission to leave
the car and transact business and then enter
another car and continue the trip all for a
single fare, and they do not exact permission
to leave the ear and give their places to other
passengers all for a single fare; neitherao pas
bengers expect to be permitted to make n
rouml trip and come back to the polut from
which they started all for a single fare.
Our transfers are issued only for the purpose
of giving passengers as nearly as possible the
same accommodations which they would hnvi
in case the car ran through to the desired des
tination — that is to say, they are given for the
purpose of enabling a passenger to make a
siugle continuous trip in one general direc
tion, and 6uch trip should be continued by
taking at the proper junction or crossing point
the first car of ihe proper line leaving or pass
ing Laid point in the proper direction after the
passenger's arrival thereat.
He&M it is not proper that a passenger trav
eling upon a westbound car ana transferring
to a north or south bound tar should be given
a second transfer to an castbound car which
would take bim back near to his original start
ing point. Neither should a transfer be con
sidered good for passage on any other than the
designated line on pars traveling in the desig
nated direction, or for passage from any other
place than the designated junction or cross
ing. Neither should a transfer wnich is givn
to v passenger for his own use be turned over
for use by another person.
It is unfortunately tne case that among 350,
-000 people there will always be some who are
dishonest, ana many morewho are either mis
informed or thougntiess; hence many of the
transfers that thus company has issued have
been misused in Scjch a manner as to defraud
tlie company of a considerable percentage o.
its legitimate earnings.
It i- well known, .or instance, to nearly every
citizen of San Francisco that passengers leav
ing tne cars at the junction of Powell and Mar
k.-t -trt-ets have been aesniled and almost as
saulted by a crowd of boy.«, begging lor trans
iers, and that a very large proportion of trans
fers j.-sued at that point have been misused.
Very many of the passengers arriving at that
Corner do not desire or intend to go any fur
ther, their business calling them to some one
of the hotels, theaters or stores in that neljch
bood. Nevertheless it has been the practice
ot very many of these passengers to take a
tran.-fer and give it away. It has even been
the practice of a number of reputable business
men to take such a transfer and give it to a
boy in the morning, and then to obtain a trans
fer from the same boy In the evening, and thus
make a rouna trip from and to their homes for
k Mntrle 5-cent farr-, the boy's profit in the
transaction being obtained from Ihe occasional
tale of a newspaper, ho, too, many ladies, ac
tuated by the most charitable motives, have,
taken transfers to give to the boys, without
Hopping to thi;ik that they were thereby aid
ing a fraud upon the rai road company and
were helping to tc-ach the boys to try to obtain
money iv questionable ways, rather tiian by
honest labor.
Although nearly every one has seen some
thing of the traffic in transit'!-*, yet it is proba
ble that very few have had any realization of
the great extent to which it has Deen carried on.
The business hns not been entirely broken
up, nut our statistics show that without any
perceptible change in the volume of business
we are, under the transfer-agent system, issn
itiK bOO transfers per day less at the corner oi
Third and Markets streets than we did before.
At the corner of Powell and Market streets the
niminution of transfers upon the Powell-street
line has been about 800 per day and upon the
Eddy-street line about 100 per day.
lu'eacn ease the reduction in the number of
transfers has been accompanied by a corre
hpondine Increase in the number of cash fares.
Jt is therefore evident the t the change in the
transfer system has cut off 1500 fraudulent
transactions per day, Ijsf each of which trans
actions throe parties were engaged.
Although 5 cents is a small sum. 1500 times
5 cents, or if7s per day, or $i 27,000 per year, is
not v small sum.
Jt is the duty of the officers of the company
which has been defrauded of this amount to
put a stop to such v loss if possible. For this
purpose the method of handling the business
by transfer apents, which experience else
where hns shown to be the simplest and most
effective for the purpose, has been adopted.
It Is of course to be expected that any new
system will l>e accompanied by more or less
friction in its first operation. It is also to be
expected that blackmailers, whose one object
in life is to howl loud enough to induce some
one to pay them to keep quiet, will exercise
their lnmgs to tue best of their ability; tha;
they will be joined by ail whose sympathy
witii dishonesty in such that they resent any
' effort to eontrnl it, ami that many well-mean
! intc people who have not given' the subject
careful consideration will be led away by bucli
: clamor and will be iuducod unthiukiugly to
Join them.
N( verthi-less, the fact remains that the
I handling of the transfer business by a transfer
' agent la thr best practicable means of conduct
inn t tie business where the number of trans
!. r- is at all large. It is the method most gen
erally in force throuehout the country, and
now i hat it is generally understood it will be
found much more convenient and much freer
from annoyance than the old system, which
compelled ' passengers to fight their way
through a swarm of clamorous boys.
Tlic iact is worthy of consideration that the
I great majority of the million transfers per
| week issued by this company are given wholly
I as a matter of business policy, as a mean*, as
! far Kb practicable, of enabling passengers to
! make a >ingle continuous trip in one general
| direction, between such termini as they may
desire, for a single 5-cent fare.
The improper use of the transfers that have
been given prevents extensions of the privi
lege and compels the enforcement of a num
ber of rules which would otherwise be un
necessary. The public has therefore even
more interest in breaking up the abuses than
has the Market-street Railway Company, and
if the facts could be laid before the people and
given the proper consideration the public
would gladly co-operate in the effort to break
up existing abuses, resulting in the benefit of
all concerned.
REPUBLICAN RALLY.
The Lincoln Club Indorses the Repub
lican Convention in Klecting
John I). Spreckela.
The Lincoln Republican Club of North
Beach held a rally last night at their club
rooms, corner of Powell and Union streets.
The following resolutions were adopted by
acclamation:
Resolved, That the Lincoln Club does hereby
ratify and confirm the action of the late Re
publican State Convention in its action in
indorsing William MiKtnley of Ohio for Presi
dent of these United .State?; and be it further
Resolved, That this club feels a special pride
in and that it does most heartily indorse the
action of said convention in doub'.y honoring
the lion. John D. Spreckels by selecting him as
one of the delegates at large at St. Louis and
in electing him National Committeeman irom
thi^ State.
Rtsolw <i. That under nig leadership this club
firmly and confidently believes that the Re
publican party will achieve one ot the grand
est victories ever known In California, and to
this end it hereby pledges It unswerving sup
port.
The club was entertained with speeches
and songs until a late hour.
Among the speakers were: C. W. Kyle,
Joseph Fernandez, Colonel Ed. Sweeny,
Judge Groszineer, Heffernan and Webb
Powell and Clark, Colonel E. M. Eddy,
H. Thompson. Oscar Lewis, Alexander
Campbell Jr.. PJd Durand and John Cole.
•— • — •
VICTORIA'S BIRTHDAY.
Hritish Residonti Preparing for a Fit
ting Celebration.
Arrangements are being made, under the
auspiceo of the British Benevolent Society,
for the celebration of Queen Victoria's
seventy-seventh birthday. As the day
falls on Sunday next the banquet at the
Palace will not be given until the follow
ine Monday.
The details of the dinner, as yet unset
tled, are intrusted| to a special committee,
consisting of Wiiliam Doxey (chairman),
Consul-General Warburton, William Bal
nov?r. Karron Jacobs, Percy Beamish and
Rev. W. W. Bolton. It has been deter
] ruined that Consul-General Warburton
I will preside, but the committee is not yet
prepared to announce the list of toasts and
invited quests. Tickets, the price of which
'■ is $5, may be had upon application to
j President Doxey or Secretary Bolton at
I the rooms of the British Benevolent So
| ciety, 6(.4 Merchant street.
RANSACKED THE HOUSE
Burglars Visited the Residence of
John E. Greene on Haight
Street.
The Family Away at the Butchers'
Picnic, Shell Mound Park, at
the Time.
John E. Greene, deputy Assessor, re
ported at police headquarters yesterday
morning that burglars had visited his
house at 913 Haight street and carried off
a number of valuable articles and some
money.
Mr. Greene and his family left the
house Wednesday morning and went to
iShell Mound Park to the butchers' picn'c.
Before leaving all the windows and the
front and rear doors were carefully locked.
The family returned hom>* about 6
o'clock in the evening and as soon as the
house was entered there was painful evi
dence of the fact that burglars nad been
busy during their absence.
Every room in the house had been ran
sacked for plunder. Bureau drawers had
been emptied and their contents strewn
over the floors. Kve n the beds had been
s arched for money ai.d jewelry that
might be concealed there. The burglars
had apparently been satisfied that they
had plenty of time and no place escaped
being searched.
Among the articles stolen are a valuable
gold bracelet with a diamond in the center,
a revolver, $12 in coin and a number of
other valuable articles of jewelry and
silverware.
Entrance was effected by prying open
one of the rear windows with a '•jimmy."
Several men were working on an adjoin
ing building all day, but they did not see
the men breaking into the bouse for the
reason that the window, which was found
open, was hidden from them by the pecu
liar construction of the building.
Two mm who were pedaling potatoes
were seen in the neighborhood on Wednes
day, and the police suspect them of the
burglary. They answer the description of
he peddlers who broke into a residence on
Leavenworth street, near O'Farrell, two or
three weeks asro, and carried off over $1000
worth of jewelry.
BURGLAR`S PLANT.
Stolen Jewelry liecovered la Buena
Vista Park.
The residence of Mrs. Blemis, 37 Second
street, was entered by burglars on Monday
afternoon during her absence. Entrance
was effected by openiug the front door
with a false key. Several hnndred dollars,
worth of jewelry which was kept in a tin
box was stolen.
Yesterday morning three boys, James
Campbell, a pou of Policeman Campbell
Kobert Peters and Curtis Rich and two
virls were playing in Buena Vista Park
when they found a portion of the stolen
jewelry. The police were not:* ; ed, and
Detective Harry Reynolds went oat to the
Dark and discovered the tin box with the
emainderof the jewelry in it. The only
thing missing was a $5 gold piece.
Saving* Bank* I>epo*lta.
Some time ago the Bank Commissioners
asked the opinion of the Attorney-General as
to whether or not officers of banks having a paid
up capital of $300,000 or more and who are
authorized to do business as savings as well as
commercial banks can legally borrow the
deposits in their vaults. The Attorney-General
lias replied that under the law the bankers arc
prohibited from doing so. The bankers of the
State are being notified by the Commissioners
of Mr. Fitzgerald's interpretation of the law.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
AND TERPSICHORE.
An Evening Devoted to Wor
ship at the Goddess'
Shrine.
NO FOREIGN RITUALS.
Rathbone Sisters Elect Officers
and Adjourn Till Next
Year.
C. L. PATTON GRAND PRELATE
Ten Immortals Abolish the Numeral
and Initiate a Hundred
Curious Knights.
Promptly at 10 o'clock yesterday morn
ing the Grand Lodge Knights of Pythias
was called to order Dy Grand Chancellor
Samuels, and the opening ceremonies
' harles L. Patten, the Newly Elected Grand Prelate of the Knights of Pythias.
were briefly performed, as the convention
is drawing to a close and the many im
portant items yet remaining demanded
expedition. The body eipects to adjourn
at noon to-day.
One first chancellor remained on whom
the Grand Lodge rank was to be conferred.
Though he bemoaned the fact that his lot
was as lonely as Twain's ambitious coy
ote-hunting dog his trials were soon over
and the business of the day was begun.
A resolution was adopted fixing the
time for the election of grand officers at 3
o'clock in the afternoon. By the unwrit
ten law of the order C. F. Mc<ilashan, it
was conceded, would succeed Samuels as
grand chancellor and would be succeeded
by \V. H. Grant, grand prelate.
Representative Calegarisof Roma Lodge,
who introduced the resolution asking the
supreme representatives to do their utmost
to have the rituals printed in other than
the English language, spoke to the reso
lution. He made an eloquent speech, and
concluded by asking permission to with
draw his resolution, which was granted.
This effectually disposed of the ritual
proposition, which had caused such fervid
oratorical outbursts on the preceding day.
Representative Caligaris was induced to
withdraw this resolution on account of the
fact thai so large a majority was opposed
to it that there was no chance whatever
for it to be adopted.
Perhaps the most earnest opponent of
foreign rituals was Supreme Representa
tive Stanton L. Carter, whose patriotism
has led him to oppose it whenever occa
sion offered.
A motion to limit the speeches to five
minutes' duration was adopted. This was
a sore disappointment to those desiring to
emulate the great Athenian orator, but, as
the grand chancellor took occasion to ex
plain, it was absolutely necessary in order
to expedite the work.
A resolution instructing the supreme
representatives to use their best effort to
have repealed the law which prohibits re
tail liquor-dealer-t fr"m becoming members
was tabled by a vote of 171 to 1.5. This
resolution excited a deal of debate, and it
became apparent that the rule limiting
speeches to five minutes was a shrewd ex
ample of politic engineering.
The following resolution was unani
mously adopted:
Whereas, It is a fact easily recognized by
those who have studied the rise and progress
of the order of Knights of Pythian wherever it
has been established within this grand do
main, that in those localities wnere the Uni
form Rank has been organized and maintained
the order is the most prosperous ; and whereas,
we believe the establishment and encourage
ment of this branch of our o-der Is one of the
best means whereby the influence end stabil
ity of the subordinate lodges can be promoted;
therefore be it
Resolved, That it is the sense of this Grand
Lodge tnat the active encouragement of the
organization of the I'niform Hank, wherever
there is a sufficient number of Knights to
warran 1 such organizntion, wouid prove one
of the most ellicient means in maintaining the
interest and making jiermauent the member
ship of the subordinate lodges; and be it
further
Resolved, That this Grand I^dße recom
mends to all Knights and to all subordinate
lodges, wherever conditions nre at all favor
able, that they encourage by all legitimate
means the organization and maintenance of
divisions of tne Uniform Rank.
At 12 o'clock a recess was declared until
1:30 r. m., when the grand chancellor,
upon request of the delegates, agreed to
exemplify the secret work of the order.
Owing to the general excitement that
nervaded the assemblage over the election
of officers, to occur as soon as the body
again convened, and the wire-pulling for
candidates, the knights did not begin the
afternoon session until an hour later than
the time set for commencement.
After 2 o'clock the hall presented the ap
pearance of a political convention. By
precedent the election of the grand chan*
cellor and vice-chancellor was settled in
advance. The battle was over the election
of the grand prelate. The leading candi
dates were Charles L. Patton of San Fran
cisco and H. R. Arndt of San Diego. Any
way the friends of these two gentlemen
seemed to be laboring the most diligently.
Another feature that added a political
aspect to the scene was the light between
the towns of Red Bluff, Hantord and Pas
adena for the honor of entertaining the
next Grand Lodge.
The advocates of Hanford seemed the
keenest political wire-pullers, while the
representatives of the other two towns set
up a rivalry to Patti and Lind in singing
the praises of their abodes. At 2:20 the
gavel rapped and stopped the discussion.
Prior to the election of officers there was
a debate on the question of mileage. The
committee recommended 10 cents per mile
one way, and an amendment was offered
making it 5 cents per mile. On vote the
only men who fayored the amendment
were those who made the speeches in sup
port of it. The mileage allowed in the
future will be 10 cents a mile one way.
Nominations for officers were declared
in order at 3:30 o'ciock. Supreme Repre
sentative Crowley placed Vice-Chancellor
McGlashan in nomination for grand chan
cellor. Past Grand Lindsay seconded the
nomination. Nominations were closed,
and Grand Master-at-Arms Lehman was
instructed to cast the ballot for Mc-
Glashan.
Past Grand Chnrch nominated W. H.
Grant of Woodland, the present grand
prelate, for grand vice-chancellor. The
nomination was seconded by Past Grand
W. C. Grave;. Nominations were closed
and the election was made by acclamation.
The nominees for erand prelate were
Charles L. Patton of San Francisco, W. A.
McKinder of St. Helena and H. R. Arndt
of San Diego. The two latter gentlemen,
in very neat and pleasant speeches, with
drew from the contest, leavingonly Patton
in nomination, and he was elected by ac
clamation.
Representative Levy of San Francisco
placed the present grand keeper of records
and seal. Herman Schaffner, in nomina
tion to succeed himself. The nomination
was seconded by Barcar of Suisun. There
were no other nominations and Schaffner
was elected by acclamation. As an evi
dence of the esteem in which Schaffner is
held it may be stated that this is his
eleventh annual re-election.
For grand master of exchequer Banker
S. G. Little oi Dixon was re-elected by ac
clamation.
For grand master-at-arms there were
two nominations, Thomas E. Hudgeon
and Charles O. Alkire. The votes cast
numbered 219. Alkire received 113 and
Hudgeou 100. That the men were about
equally supported is shown by Alkire's
small majority.
The nominees for grand inner guard
were the incumbent. E. H. Warren of East
Oakland, and T.H. Blackman of Stockton.
Blsdcman was elected, the vote standing
120 for him and 55 for Warren.
J. H. Johnston, who has served twelve
terms as grand outer guard was re-elected
by acclamation for the t irteenth term.
The nominees for grand trustees were:
D. W. Bailor, Alfred Perrier, I. I. Irwin, C.
O. Clarke and J. W. Guthrie. Three were
to be elected.
A ballot resulted in the election of Per
rier, Irwm and Clarke. Perrier succeeds
himself.
The meeting then adjourned until to
day, with the members looking forward
pleasantly to the reception to be given in
the evening at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
The ten immortals, a feature of the
last year's session of the Grand Lodge, was
revived, but the numeral was stricken from
the name of the order. They have been
busily initiating candidates into this social
order during the week at Pythian Castle
between the hours of 12 and 1 in the after
noon and H and 9 in the evening. The to
tal membership up to last night was 109.
Wednesday evening Z»rin Capi Temple
No. 52, D. O. K. X., started a pilgrimage
from Pythian Castle across the desert.
Their trip would put George Francis Train
to the blush, as they made the journey
and return trip in less than two hours.
No fatalities recorded.
The reception and ball were a magnificent
affair. They were tendered the Grand Lod^e
by the subordinate lodges of this City,
and no pains were spared to make them a
success.
Both the Grand Lodge and the Grand
Temple were out in force, and the most
distinguished society people of the com
munity giaced the assemblage by their
presence.
The music for the occasion was rendered
by the Fifth Artillery Band. The grand
stand of the band, as well as the walls,
arches, platforms and refreshment stands,
were festooned with the colors of the
knights and the Stars and Stripes.
In addition to the usual lighting of the
pavilion the walls were studded with in
candescent lam ps.and here and there shone
tne initials of the lodge motto, wrought
in incandescent lamps. The brilliancy of
the scene was enhanced by the showy
uniforms of the uniform rank, which
abounded in the assemblage.
The exhibition drill by Mars Lodge No.
202 was skillfully executed, and the im
mense building fairly shook with the ap
plause it elicited.
Colonel A. Terrier acted as floor mana
ger, assisted by Ernest Ulman and G. S.
Backman.
SISTERS' SESSION ENDS.
Newly Elected Officers Installed
by Ida M. Weaver, Supreme
Chief of the World.
Tho morning session of the Rathbone
Sisters was devoted mainly to the election
of officers for the ensuing year and the
reading of reports. The following is a list
of the officers chosen by the sisters:
Orand chief, Mrs. Lydia A. Monroe of River
side; grand .senior, Mrs. Mary Alford Fitzger
ala of Sacramento; grand junior, Mrs. Ada E.
Magulre- of Oakland: grand manager, Miss
< lanl.cl K. Karnoof Oakland; grand mistress
\, , m:ordb a»d correspondence, Mr». Louisa
Holmes of Oakland ; grand mistress of finance,
Mrs. Leonora J. Rogers Ot Salinas; grand pro
tector, Mrs. 11. .\. Ward of Los Angeles; grand
guard, Mrs. Mary L. Conway of Merced; past
grand chief, Mrs. M. 11. Weldon of Grass Val
ley.
The report of the committee on the
state of the order gave the number of tem
ples in the State an twenty-five. Eight of
these were instituted during the past year.
The number of women belonging to the
order in California is 717. There are also
675 male members.
Line the Grand Temple of Knights, the
order shows a gain in membership for the
1 «9>« 9 > .£ , a , ' ■ The gain has been 303 sisters
ami 242 knights.
The Parnassian temple of the State is
Olympia No. 10 of Grass Valley. It has a
membership of 127. ■
In the afternoon the newly elected offi
cers were installed by Mrs. IdaM. Weaver,
the oo 8 l World ef of the Supreme Tem
ple of the \V orld.
The closing exercises of this annual con
vention of the Grand Temple of the Rath
bone Sisters of California were conducted
with much solemnity. In the evening
they attended the ball at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
AT THE THEATERS.
Good Kill* »,,d Large Audiences at
the City Flay
bonnes.
The Daly company has been niehtlv fill
ing the Baldwin Theater with "Countess
Gucki."
This evening Ada Rehan will appear as
Vera in the production of "The Last
Word." "The Countess Gucki" will fur
nish the matinee bill for Saturday, and
in the evening "The School for Scandal"
will be given.
"A Trip to Chinatown," is doing a large
business at the California Theater. The
play is well acted and the specialties are
good.
The Columbia Theater has something
frothy and amusing to entertain its au
diences with in "Miss Harum Scarum."
Ihe attendance is good and the play
causes plenty of laughter.
"Jack Cade" ia proving very attractive
to audiences at the Grand. Collier is
quite at home in the title role and the
play is excellently staged.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin" in its operatic
dress is proving quite a success at the
Tivoli Opera-house. The plantation melo
dies are catchy and the acting is above the
average.
AM the specialties at the Orpheum this
week are good. Miss Parry's imitations
of celebrities are especially good, and Miss
Cair's specialties are very "clever.
To-night at the Auditorium the Stan
ford University Glee and Mandolin clubs
will give their combined fareweil en
tertainment. There is a perennial charm
about a lot-of jolly college songs sung by
a lot of jolly collesre boys. The Glee Club
was organized three years ago and has
made a reputation by the concerts it has
viven in vacation time throughout the
State. The Stanford Glee Club has qnickly
fallen into the line of the older Eastern
clubs and has also come to the front this
year.
NORTH END SUFFRAGISTS
The Cause to Be Assisted by
the Equality Club, Just
Formed.
The young men residents of the North
End met at Schultz Hall, corner Pacific and
Jones streets, Wednesday evening for the
purpose of organizing a suffrage club, to be
Known as the North End Equality Club,
its object being the support of woman's
rights.
The following resolutions were proposed
and adopted:
Resolved, That we tender our eurnert sym
pathy to the noble women who are struggling
in behalf of e«iual rights and suffrage; and be
It further
Resolved, That we do pledge our hearty sup
port to all movements which have in view the
complete and lull emancipation of women.
It was unanimously decided to invite
the Rev. Anna Shaw to address the club at
its next meeting. The following officers
were elected: President, Peter Fleming;
vice-president, Charles Cosgrove; second
vice-president, Edward Feeney; financial
secretary, Russell Reynolds; correspond
ing secretary, Saddi Callughan.
The following committee was appointed
to procure a hall and secure the aid of
pro>nine:it woman suffragists to address a
meeting under its auspices: C. William
Smith, Henry Scbultz, Chauncey M. Hig
gins, T. J. Canty and J. Worthsmith.
NO FLAG BUT OLD GLORY.
The Fourth of July Precession
to Be Purely Patri
otic.
Initial Meeting of the One Hundred
and Fifty Committee on Ar
rangements.
The committee of 150 appointed by the
Finance Committee of the Board of Super
visors to arrange for a patriotic celebra
tion on the coming Fourth of July held
its initial meeting last evening in Judge
Bahrs' courtroom at the new City Hall.
Supervisor Taylor of the Finance Com
mittee opened the meeting, stating in a
brief address the object of me committee.
"We have been called together." said he,
"pursuant to a request of the Board of
Supervisors to arrange for some suitable
celebration for the Fourth of July." Con
tinuing, he sugcested that the National
Guard from alt over the State be not re
quested to participate in the procession on
that day, for lr his opinion only great
expense would be involved, together with
dissatisfaction.
The names of J. Trueman and Samuel
L. Lent were put in nomination for the
oflice of temporary chairman. Vote was
taken by rollcal!, the results being: Lent
62 and Trueman 18.
In a brief speech Lent said he hoped the
coming Fourth would mark an era of re
newed and greater patriotism.
By a rising vote Adrian K. Smith was
elected temporary secretary. The tem
porary officers were made permanent.
The following resolutions were submit
ted by W. H. Davis:
Whkreab, The Fourth of July is distinctively
an American anniversary devoted to festivi
ties and rejoicing and should ever be regarded
as sacredly National; therefore be it
Resolved, That it is the sense of this, the
Fourth of July eommtttee of 1896, that in the i
approuching celebration of our natal day no
Bag other than the American stars and stripes !
be permitted to be carried in the procession or
floated on public buildings.
Resolved, Tlirt no presents shall be given to I
any of the officers of the Fourth of July cele
bratluns as a reward for tnoir patriotic ser- ,
vices, and no presents shall bo purchased out
of the funds contributed for the nse of this j
committee either by the City of San Francisco '
or its citizens.
After an animated discussion regard
ing the measure* to be taken as to the
American flag the first resolution was
adopted. The second resolution, reiaisng
to presents to the officers of the celebra
tion, was laid on the table.
Supervisor Taylor, speaking on this
latter resolution, eaid: "This would cast
a slur upon our Americanism and infers
that we are a gang of thieves. It will lake
something stronger than resolutions to
prevent thieves from Ptealing."
The names of S. C. Hamlin and Henry
P. Umbsen were put in nomination for
grand marshal. Mr. Umbsen was elected
t>v a rising vote, which, on motion of Mr.
Hamlin, was declared unanimous.
George W. Elder submitted the follow
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the president of the day and
the grand marshal be ana are hereby autho
rized by this body to appoint a committee of
citizen*, twenty-flve in number, such commit
tee to nave full power to make ail necessary
arrangements for the celebration of onr Na
tion* holiday, and be also instructed to select
suitable headquarters for the transaction of
buniness pertaining thereto.
This resolution was adopted with the
amendment. "That the chairman ot each
sub-committee be appointed from the
executive committee.
The meeting adjourned sine die.
NEW SPECIES OF
BLUEBACK TROUT
Discovered in Lake Cres
cent by Admiral
Beardslee.
EXAMINED BY JORDAN.
Entirely Different From the
Truckee or Lake Tahoe
Varieties.
NAMED AFTER THE ADMIRAL.
Differs From Smaller Varieties in
Being of a Mere Silvery
Hue.
A new species of large trout was discov
ered by Admiral Beardslee of the Phila
delphia while he was in the northern
waters recently. The following descrip
tion of the new fish and the account of its
discovery were given yesterday by H. E.
Skinner of E. T. Allen & Co. :
"While traveling in Lake Crescent, Cial
lam County, Washington, Admiral Beard
slee, who fcas given considerable attention
and study to the salmon family, took a
considerable number of large trout, live
varieties oi which were unknown to the
admiral. One of these varieties differed
very greatly from known types and was
termed locally the 'blueback,' on account
of the intense indieo-blue coloration of its
back. The other four varieties, which
differed in a leßs degree from accepted
types, were locally known as the speckled
trout, silver trout, mountain trout and
half-breed.
"Among those taken were five blue
backs, ranging in weight from 10% to UK
pounds, ana in length from 28 to Si inches
and aggregating in weight 55 pounds. The
speckled and silver trout were smaller, the
largest speckled trout weighing 4%
pounds. Both these varieties differed in
many respects from the trout of the same
num<- of Tahoe, Truckee and other Sierra
waters.
"Having been unable heretofore to sub
mit specimens of these fish to icthyologi
cal experts for identification, the admiral
has this year made efforts to remedy this
omission, and through the assistance of
friends at Port Angeles and Lake Cres
cent, specimens of the 'blueback' and
'speckled trout' have this spring been sub
mitted to Professor David Starr Jordan,
who declared ti.ey were evidently differ
ent from any other form he had ever seen,
and that they would have to have new
names. Accordingly, after receiving more
specimens, which confirmed his iirst judg
ment, at the earnest request of those in
terested and contributing the fish, Dr.
Jordan named the bluebacks S. beardsleei,
and the speckled S. crescentis.
"Amoni; the largest specimens of these
trout taken this year, up to April 19, were
a Beardslee (blueback) weighing 12
pounds and measuring 30 inches, and a
9^-pound Crescentis measuring 29}-^
inches, both taken by Mrs. George K.
Mitchell, and a 14-pound Beardslee, 32
inches lone, captured by Ben Lewis.
"The last-named fish, which is the big
one so far, was caught by Lewi? toward
sunset. After traveling twenty-eight
miles, rowing or walking all the way, he
arrived at Port Angeles at midnight and
gave the fish to Mr. Carrigan, who packed
it and forwardeu it to Professor Jordan.
The specimen was received in good order
by the professor, who declared he should
keep it as a tropny : 'It differs from those
of less size,' he says, 'only in that it is more
silvery (this may be on account of its com
parative freshness), and that it resembles
to some extent a steelhead, but that the
scales and heud are larger.'
'•Professor Jordan is preparing a paper
on these new and interesting tish. In the
Trout and Stream of New York there will
also soon appear an illustrated article by
Admiral Beardslee in regard to these trout.
"The taking of these large tish so early
in the year, earlier than has generally been
considered the season, indicates that there
is plenty of fun and scientific fishing to be
had at Lake Crescent. The field is oi>en
to any angler, and if anybody wants a new
trout named after him, he nr she has now
the chance."
SHORT LUNCH HOURS.
A regulative Bill for th« Belief of
Store Kraployes.
In consequence of complaints made by
the Dry-goods Men's Association the
Labor Commissioner proposes to draw up
a bill to be presented to the next Legis
lature providing ior a longer time for
lunch for clerks and salesmen. The latter
fal their statement, said that at present
they are not allowed over thirty minutes
in which to get their noonday meals.
This is not time enough and it compels
the clerks to eat ai saloon lunch counters
and swallow what they eat without regard
to hygiene. Furthermore this system of
eating is demoralizing and tends to dissi
pation and dyspepsia.
The proposed bill will provide that
-■wu^^w.l NEW TO-DAY.
DRESS GOODS PRICES.
FRIDAY, MAY 22.
Such as we quote will tempt you to BUY NOW. The quantities
in stock are not large, so DO NOT DELAY.
Figured Mohair Suitings.
Two-toned effects, new shading?, 36 inches wide Sale Price
English Pin Check Suitings. -_ D v .
Gray. tans and brown Wool and Mohair. These two styles *£>C trQT I 3.VCL
would be considered a bargain at 25c ..;.
, ; MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
Figured Mohair Novelty
Dress Goods. Sale Price
4 r ocVr c a c d n e t . . 1 ! k ; fl . n ! shedefrectSi 42 inches wide, th usual 25c Per Yard
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY. -,
Fancy Shepherd Checks
And Dresden Persian Novelty Dress Goods, colors tan and A +
brown, black and white, navy.and white, green and brown, At
brown and white; 40 Inches wide. Their equal in quality e(\ D A f V«i*.rf
and style has never been shown in this city ". SUC rer I arO
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
Stop at our WASH-GOODS COUNTERS in both stores for novelty
fabrics at bargain prices. r^>
Kohlbef jr. 107109
St ice &l Post Street;:
o Lrauss cc ) 1220-1224
Frohman, market St.
clerks and salesmen shall be allowed forty
rive minutes unless lunch is served on the
premises. Statistics t-how, the Commis
sioner says, that there is more dissipation
and drunkenness among those given short
hours for lunch than others engaged in
store work.
REPUBLICANS AT HOME.
The New Wigwam Formally Opened by
the Presidio Heights
Club.
The Presidio Heights Republican Club
formally opened its new hall on Maple
street, near Clay, last night.
P. Kinzel owns the ground and built the
hall for the club. It is capable of seating
300 or 400 people and the ac
coustic properties are excellent. The in
terior was tastefully decorate:! in ever
greens, ferns and cilia lilies in honor of
the occasion, and the stars and stripes
waved from the flaestaff. The club has
given it the name of the "Wigwam."
George R. Sanderson, the president, was
ill. and J. D. Boyer, the second vice-presi
dent, presided. Short remarks were made
by several of the club members.
The club has a membership of ninety,
and an increase of one hundred is pre
dicted within the next two weeks.
The officers are: George R. Sanderson,
pre>iilent; If. Repenber^er, first vicr-
I»rcsidcnt; J. D. Boyer, second vice-presi
dent; J. Voisinet, third vice-president;
C. P. Fonda, secretary.
The club's new wigwam is the third
meeting hall to be built by the Repub
licans in the district, and the members are
sanguine that it will be the scene of many
enthusiastic gatherings of loyal Repub
licans during the next few months.
LEROY G. HARVEY'S BOND.
C. S. Wright, One of the Sureties,
Wants to Bo Kplc:ihihl.
C. S. Wright of Gray & Co.. who is on
the bond of Leroy G. Harvey, charged
with embezzlement, contemplates a
speedy withdrawal from that responsibil
ity.
"In no way do I desire to make Mr.
Harvey's position harder than it is,"
stated Mr. Wright yesterday. "I was
called down from my home to his attor
ney's office and told ior the first time what
was wanted of me. 1 acquiesced to what
was asked and went on his bond, amount
ing to many thousands of dollars. I am
not in the habit of going on any one's
bonc!s, and would prefer to remain free of
such a thing. It is just as if I had a note
out, according to my understanding of the
situation, and 1 do not like the position.
"However, I went on Mr. Harvey's
bond, and I am still there. I w'll not
withdraw until he has secured another
bondsman to take my place."
COLORED AGE MUST REST
Mass-Meeting at Bethel Church
to Raise Funds for a
Home.
Only a Comparatively Small Sum Re
mains to Be Contributed for
Their Worthy Object.
Special interest attaches to the mass
meeting of the Old People's Home Associ
ation held at Bethel A. M. E. Church on
Powell street Tuesday. There was an en
thusiastic attendance.
Mrs. Harriet Smith presided with con
siderable ability. Mrs. J. H. Benson read
an excellent paper on woman suffrage,
which cause was also ably advocated by
Mrs. Dr. Kellogg- Lane and Mrs. Alice V.
Stocker. B. Morehead of Oakland sang an
effective solo.
The address of the evening was made by
Thomas Pearson, who in his introduction
paid a high compliment to the late Re
publican convention as "the most digni
fied, tearless and untrameied aggregation
of Kepublican intelligence that ever assem
bled in California, lie saia:
"Far easier would it be for the 'Misan
thrope' to turn back the swift waters of
the Nile or change the current of the Gulf
Stream from its course across trie Atlantic
than to stay the triumphal march of the
Old People's Home Association, which waa
incorporated under the laws of this State
in 1592, but made little or no progress until
1893, during which year the ladies col
lected $231 15, expenses $17 45; in 1894 $386,
expenses $27 70; in 1895 $805 52, expenses
$21 90. Total in bank up to date, $1355 62.
A site at Beulab, near Mills Seminary, Al
ameda County, thirty minutes' ride from
the city of Oakland, has been donated to
tb.6 association by George S. Montgomery.
"The ladies have decided to build when
they have $JOOO to their credit. Seven
hundred dollars is the requirement to
night. And we are bere for the purpose of
impressing that fact upon you, in the laud
able hope that you will become interested
and aid them in securing that rniount.
If you are not prepared to identify your
self with the enterprise to-night by a sub
stantial contribution to the fund your
pledge will be gladly accepted."
Was a Bad Order.
William Ryan is suing Mrs. M. E. Pleasant
for !fSOO. It is alleged that the money was in
the hands of A. J. Clunie. and that tne defend
ant presented to him an order from the plain
tiff directing him to turn the money over.
The order was procured, the plaintiff says, on
the representation that the money was to be
held as the property of the plaintiff, but In
stead, he says, the defendant has converted it
to her own use.
It is a common practice both in Africa
and China to use the ear as a pocket, as a
receptacle for small articles or coins.IN MEMORY OF
BARON DE HIRSCH
Highly Flattering Testimo
nials to a Charitable
Man.
HONORS PAID BY ALL.
Elaborate Memorial Services
Yesterday at B'nai B'rith
Hall.
A TRIBUTE TO PHILANTHROPY.
Addresses by E. J. Wolfe, Edmond
Tauszky and Father Yorke— Music
and Prayer.
An event long to be remembered with
pride by residents of San Francisco is the
memorial services \eid last night at B'nai
B'rith Hall under the auspices of District
Grand Lodge No. 4, I. O. B. 8., in honor of
the late lamented philantropist, Baron
Maurice de Hirsch.
Tne hall was tilled to the doors with a
vast crowd of ladies and gentlemen, Jews
and Gentiles, gathered together in peace
and amity and anxious to do homage to
the memory of the illustrious dead, whose
reputation for charity is as wide as the
boundaries of civilization.
At the rear of tfte stage upon a black
background, bordered with white, was dis
played a life-size portrait of Baron de
Hirsch, fittingly inscribed. In front and
under this portrait sat the president and
the orators. At the front and in the cen
ter of the stage was the speaker's stand
covered with ferns and roses, while along
each side of it and at convenient distances
stood pots of liliies and palms. The front
of the galleries was tastefully draped in
black and white bunting.
After an opening hymn, "Lord, Let Me
Know My Term of Days," by the choir,
comprised of Miss Daisy Cohn, soprano,
Mi*s J. Wilcox, contralto, A. Mesmer,
tenor, J. C. Hughes, basso, and E. J.
Stark, barytone, President Edward I.
Wolfe formally opened tbe exercises.
"We are met here to-night," he said, "to
crive honor to whom honor is due. Jews
and Gentiles, we are all prepared to sing
the praises of the most magnificent char
acter of the age — Baron Maurice de Hir?ch.
It.* life and character are typical of the
principles of the 1. O. B. 8., under whose
auspices this memorial is appropriated
held.
'•Though sectarian, our purpose is to up
lift humanity and inculcate in our people
the principles oi honor and patriotism.
Our mission is to dry t'.e tears of widows
and orphans, for we believe in the fath
erhood of God and the brotherhood of
man. Baron |de Hirsch was true to his
faith in life and death. Let us then, with
b and song, give praise to his deeds, |
which are not written in tbe shilting sands
of time, but will endure forever and in
spire man to nobler and higher thoughts
and actions."
The Rev. Dr. Kieto prayed that the men
tion, by the speakers, of the many good
deeds of Baron de Hirsch might be taken
as an example by all who heard them. He
was followed by the principal orator of the
evening, Edmund Tauszky.
"While this busy world goes on in its
hum irura way," said Mr. Tausztcy, "an
event occurs which toucnes all humanity,
and we pause in our daily vocations
caltnlv to contemplate it. Ho it is in
the death of Baron de Hirsch, whom we
have assembled here to honor. We may
now recall his many benefactions to man
kind, his loftj- aims and his almost unpar
alleled generosity. He was in every sense
of the word one of the chosen of God and a
< itizen of the world. The confines of his
r.ative Bavaria offered too limited a field
for his capabilities and opportunities. His
travels took him into many lands, which
he visited, not to survey the sumptuous
ness of temples, not to make accurate
measurements of the remains of ancient
grandeur, nor to form a scale of the curi
osity of modern art; not to collect medals
or collate manuscripts, but to dive into
the depth of dungeons, to plunge into the
infection of hospitals, to survey the homes
of sorrow and pain, to take the gautre and
dimensions of misery, depression and con
tempt, to remember the forgotten, to at
tend the neglected, to visit the forsaKen
and to compare and collate the distresses
of all men. His plan was as full of genius
as it was of humanity. It was a voyage of
discovery— a circumnavigation of charity —
and already the benefit of his labor is felt
more or less in every country.
"His fabulous fortune was amassed
mainly by his pluck and perseverance, but
his was not a soul to be content with the
mere possession and selfish use of illimita
ble wealth, which he looked upon as a sa
cred trust to be employed by him in the
betterment of mankind, and no other man
ever devoted so large a share of bis posses
sions to the good of the world.
"Baron de Hirsch knew the injustice
under which the people of our race suffered
in Russia and other countries and he did
all in his power to alleviate their con
dition. Pie at one time offered the Ku^sian
<.overnnient $10,000,000 for public instruc
tion, upon the sole condition that in ttie
u.se of the fund no distinction should be
made as to race or religion. He trans
ported an entire community of Jews
in Russia across Europe to the western
hemisphere. He purchased land for thou
sands in the Argentine Republic and
founded colonies there, spending in this
enterprise alone from $20,000,000 to $25,- j
O<JO,OOO. He established training schools,
and many institutions in Egypt, Turkey
and Asia Minor bear hn name as their
benefactor. In New York City be created
n fund of some $2,500,000 in aid of Russian
refugees.
"While the chief concern of Baron de
If irsch was for ourrace, his philanthropy
was not bounded by racial or religious
lines. In him the Jew of all countries
loses a friend and benefactor and the civil
ized world mourns with him."
p'ather P. C. Yorke. in the course of an
eloquent address, said: "Baron de
ilirsj' ]i had a heart and he loved bis fel
low men. He was the friend alike
of Jew and Gentile, yet he never
lacked the bacKbone to stand up for the
people of bis own blood. The Jews and
t!;e Iri^h have both been perseouted for 1
tl.eir race and their faith, but after having
tone through great tribulations ihev have I
come out pure and unscathed. Of the :
three virtues, faith, hope and charity, it I
lias been truly said that the greatest is .'
charity." :
Addresses were alfro delivered by tbe Rev. I
Dr. M. S. Levy of Beth Israel and Rabbi
\oorsanger. In the intervals came
hymns, anthems, solos, etc. The closing
prayer was repeated by the Rev. Dr.
1- ryer of Ohabai Shalorne and the exercise"
were concluded with au organ postlude.
"THE LAST WORD."
The l>aly Company Produces Another
Play From the Oerman.
The Daly Company evidently has a
fondness for Franz yon Bchonthan's plays,
for another of his comedies, "The Last
Word," was produced at the Baldwin
Theater last night. It was performed here
once or twice during the last engagement
of the company and will probably linger
longer in the Daly repertoire than
'•Countess Gucki" is likely to do, for
"The Last Word" has a good deal to
recommend it, and the excellent perform
ance accorded it last night was listened to
with keen appreciation by a large au
dience.
The chief merit in the drama is that it
chains Ada Kenan to a sympathetic role.
Her part does not overbalance the others,
however; thure is some construction to
the play and the dialogue, if a little cheap
in its w it, is of the kind that catches the
popular ear.
Ada Kenan in '-The Last Word" plays
the part of a fascinating Russian Baron
ess. Every playgoer must have observed
that in modern drama female members of
the Russian aristocracy are always phe
nomenally alluring and as a rule they turn
their power to nefarious ends. Baroness
Vera Baraneff is a good witch, however;
she blesses the lovers, melts tbe stony
hearted parents and scatteis blessings, as
well as captures hearts wherever she goes.
Ada Kehan was, as might have been ex
pected, delightfully winning ana effective
in the role. There were tears in not a lew
eyes during her scene with ths Roman
father, wtien she softened his sternness
by telling him the story of her little
brother's deatn. li would have been a
commonplace, perhaps even a tedious re
cital, in the moutii 01 an every -dav actress,
but Kehan treated it magnificently.
Her broken English was another feature
of i.er playing. Actors are so terribly
prone to make a jarcon spasmodic, over
doing it at one moment and forgetting it
at another, but the broken English of
Baroness liaraneff was consistent and
musical throughout.
The all-round casts was an excellent
one. George Clarke played the part
of the stern father to tbe life.
Charles Richman was natural and
convincing as his son; Hobart Bosworth
made a finished character study of the
small part of Moses Mossap. Edwin Varley
was a sympathetic oil music professor,
even though he did sing the bit of march
from an opera he was supposed to have
composed most cruelly out of tune. Miss
Helena Nelson, who played the ingenue
in "Countess Gucki," again distinguished
herself as Winny Rutherell, the professor's
daughter.
"The Last Word" will be repeated to
night.
FROM INTERIOR CHINA
Dr. C. W. Price Returns Here
After Seven Years' Ab
sence.
Phenomenal Use of Opium by Natives.
Conflict With Leopards, Wolves
and Panthers.
The Rev. Dr. C. W. Price and Mrs. Price
of lowa, for seven years past missionaries
of the American Board of the Congrega
tional Church in the strange province of
Shansi, China, are at the Occidental. They
are going home because of the poor health
of their son, and are uncertain whether
they will return.
Their missic- >york has been at a point
three days' travel from Tai Yuen Fu, the
capital of the province. It is a town of
some 20,000 people. The province itself
has about 5,100.000 people, so Mr. Price
says.
"Tbe capital lies in a plain, called the
Tai Yuen Fu," said he, "and to get there
one is obliged to cross over a range of
mountains. Every spot ten feet square of
these mountains that is fertile is culti
vated.
"The valley is rich and produces very
fine wneat, oats, buckwheat and a kind of
millet, which the natives use a creat deal
for food. These product! are crown by
irrigation. The valley is very beautiful,
except that it has very few trees, and what
are there nave been net out. *
'"The China Inland Missionary Society
has a good many missionaries there, and
we are beginning to have neighbors now.
One of these missions is fifteen miles
away and another but fifty.
"The natives seem to be taking to
the Christian religion. We are encour
aged by our success. We have had a house
ful of interested people every preaching
day for a good while. One bad thing is
the eeneral use of om'um. There is more
used there than in any other province, and
the effects are extremely hurtful.
"Among the wild animals, which luck
ily are not very plentiful, are leopards,
panthers and wolves. Wolves attacked a
man not long since and he was treated by
Dr. Atwood, a missionary there. There
was a man also, not far from us, who was
killed by a leopard."
Dr. and Mrs. Price had a rather rough
voyage over and were quite unwell on the
trip, 'lhey will start East on Monday.
GARCIA'S DOUBLE LIFE
A Deputy Marshal Who Has
Two Wives and Families
Living.
He Is Arrested For Failure to Provide
For His First Wife and Her
Children.
Fred Garcia, Deputy Marshal at Sausa
lito.was arrested Wednesday by Officer Mc-
Murray of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children on a warrant charg
ing him with failure to provide.
Garcia's matrimonial experiences were
prominently mentioned during the recent
municipal campaign in Sausalito. He has
been Jiv;ng there with a wife and one
child and another wife and five children
have been living in this City. Neither of
the wive? will swear to a complaint charg
ing him with bitramy, and in that respect
he is lucky.
The complaining w itness against him on
t be charge of failure to provideis Mrs. Dora
Bell ot a r >l Mission street. The first Mrs.
Garcia and her five cniidren, the oldest a
pretty girl 14 years of age, have been living
with Mrs. Bell ajid the mother has for the
past three or four years been supporting
tbe children the best way she could.
Officer McMurray said yesterday that
while Garcia had a ranch a young girl who
lived on an adjoining ranch used to fre
quently visit Garcia's house and his wife
used 16 ask him to accompany her home
at nights. Tbe result was that Garcia and !
the young girl disappeared three or four '
years ago.
The deserted wife came to the City with
her children and could not find any trace
of 3arcia till the expose came out about j
him during the election campaign at i
Suusalito. Sbe went to him and promised
for the sake of her children not to molest
him if he would agree to give her $15 or
$20 i>er month for the supuort of herself
and them. He gave her $10. but Bince
then be has entirely ignored litr.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAX.L, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 189G
HALF A HUNDRED
NEW DOCTORS
Largest Class to Graduate
From the Medical
Department.
SEVEN LADIES INCLUDED
Professor Shiels Delivered the
Valedictory on Behalf
of the Faculty.
BANQUET AT THE PALACE.
About a Hundred Sat About the Fes
tive Board. Presided Over by
Dr. Williamson.
The commencement exercises of the
Medical Department of the University of
California were held yesterday at the
Baldwin Theater in the presence of an
audience that taxed even the gallery. As
a showman would say, "They turned away ]
money." The regular Baldwin force of
ushers, under command of Dr. d'Ancona,
the distinguished hypnotist and physiolo
gist, officiated, and the theater orchestra
enlivened the proceedings with some of
its choicest morceaux d'opera.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole, who for over a gen
eration has presided over these exercises,
hastened home from the convention of the
American Medical Association at Atlanta,
Ga., to perform his customary annual du
ties, and the Rev. W. W. Bolton, the pic
turesque pastor of the late Frank Pix
ley church of Mary the Virgin, sanctified
the function with prayer and benediction.
The valedictory address on behalf of the
faculty, the great event of the year in col
lege and medical circles, was delivered
by Associate Professor George Franklin
Shiels, and was a pithy and forcible dis
course. Passing by the giant strides which
the profession has been making toward the
conquest of disease and those "pesky little
critters," the microbes and bacteria, he
dwelt more at length on the struggles and
triumphs of the Medical Department, the
new Affiliated Colleges of Medicine, Law,
Dentistry and Pharmacy, and the varied
benefits expected to foiiow the improved
facilities lor instruction. A feeling tribute
was paid to the founder of the college, Dr.
H. H. Toland, and when he referred to the
long services of the illustrious president of
I the faculty, Dr. Cole, who for forty-four
: years has stood at the forefront both as
! citizen and physician, the audience testi
fied its approval by long-continued ap
plause.
For the past year Dr. Cole has been
president 01 the American Medical Asso
ciation, and as such justly considered the
! head of the profession. lie is also, in all
probability, the oldest instructor in the
medical colleges of the United States and
has tilled every position in those institu
tions, from demonstrator of anatomy in
Jefferson Medical College, Philadelphia,
his alma mater, on graduating, to head
of the M. D. U. C.
Dr. Shiels also laid stress on the higher
standard of education required for admis
sion and the more prolonged course of
study pursued of tne Medical Department,
and closed with some sage and practical
advice regarding their conduct as physi
cians.
It has been said by some attendants at
medical conventions that the doctors were
lacking in the graces of oratory, but had
those critics been present at these exercises
they would be forced to admit that the
speeches were delivered with "excellent
accent and discretion."
The class just graduated numbered forty
nine, the largest in the history of the in
stitution, including seven ladies, showing
that the advanced female has not over
looked medicine. The class is considered
strong, not only numerically but intellect
ually, containing a very large * preponder
ance of bright young men and women,
who have been especially distinguished
for application to their studies and good
order at lectures. Even the Wednesday ,
night "quizzes," which previously were I
not always characterized by Chesterfield- I
lan deportment, were last year such as to !
call for the warmest commendation of Dr. !
McNutt, author of that standard medical:
work, "The Kidney and Bladder." And j
Dr. Campbell Ford heartily concurs.
Take it for all in all the class of 1896 was
a great one and will long be remembered '
by the residents of Stockton and Chestnut i
streets. As Teddy Schultz, who has known
every class since the foundation of the i
college, remarked: " 'Twas a great class:
I say, a great class."
The names of the young medicos are as
follows:
Clifford Emmet Allen, Helen Orestt-Ua An
derson, Cecil Miller Armistcad, Henry Martin i
Beck, 1'h.0., Sanford Blum, A.8., Mary Eli*- '
f&iH 1 B ° tsf ° rd > George Anthony Broughton, !
\\ ilham Parker Burnham, Howard McDougall I
Cameron, William D'Arcy Chace. Leonard i
Hayes ( oe, Thomas Francis Cox, Alfred Me-!
Lauehlin, Alfred Newman, A.8., Mary Louisa !
Noble, Louise Augusta Oldenbourg, Robert
Harris Orr John Henry O'Brien, John ;
Thomas O'Brien, William Henry Ingrain ■
O Malley, George Louis Painter, Ph G
Wallace Ernest Parkman, Victor Eli- !
gene Putnam, Joseph Roches \t I
tilio Henry Gianninl. A.8., Joseph Thomas i
Harridan, Ichitaro Katguki, James Frederic
Kearney, Wilfred Harvey Kelloirg, Ph G Ar
thur Stanley Lee, Thomas Davis Maher BSc
Clarence Fayette Maloon, B.Sc., Charles Lewis i
Morgan, A.8., Ph.G., Howard Morrow, James
pnulel Murphy, Brayton Mugcott, Charles Dom
inic McGeitigan, A.8., Marshall Brape Rver
Florence Scott. John Thomas Stafford, Arthur
Alonzo Stern. Ph. Mary Jane Stewart Mack
Voorhees Stone, William Miller Stover, Eleanor
May Stow, Lewis Sanborn Thorpe, Henry Caus- I
tin 'Trask, Ph.G.. Alberto Trevino, Newton !
Booth Waller.
The faculty of the Medical Department i
includes many members who have grown '
old in the service of the college, and many !
talented and zealous young men have i
been added. It is constituted as follows:
Martin Kellogg, A.M., LL.D., president 0
the university.
G. A. Shurlleff, M.D., emeritus professor of
mental diseases and medical jurisprudence
B. Beverly Cole, A.M., M.D.. M.RCS
Eng., professor of obstetrics aud gynecology
president of faculty.
\\. F. McKatt. M.D., M.R.C.P. Edin., etc
professor of principles and practice of medi
cine.
Robert A. McLean, M.D., professor of clinical
and operative surgery, dean. „
W.E. Taylor, M.D., professor of principles
and practice of surgery.
A. L. Lengfeld, M.1)., professor of materia
medica and medical chemistry.
Benjamin R. Swan, M.D., professor of dis
eases of children. ,
George H. Powers, A.M., M.D., professor of
ophthalmology and otology.
William Watt Kerr. A.M., M.8., CM., pro
fessor of clinical itk'<; inc.
Arnold A. d'Ancona, A.8., M.D., professor of
physiology.
Douglas W. Montgomery, M.D., professor of
diseases of skin.
Washington Dodge, M.D., profesaor of thera
peutics.
John M. Williamson, M.D., professor of
anatomy.
John W. Robertson, A. 8., M.D., professor of
nervous and mental diseases.
John C. Spencer, A.8., M.D., professor of
pathology and histology.
W. E. Hopkins, M.D.. associate professor of
ophthalmology and otology.
George F. Jshiels, M.D., F.R.C.S.E., etc., as
sociate professor of the principles and practice
of surgery.
Charles A. yon Hoffman, M.D., associate
professor of gynecolog.v.
William B. L*witt, M.D., associate professor
of diseases of children.
William J. Hawkins, M.D.. adjunct to the
chair of physiology.
F. T. Cireen, Ph.G.. adjunct to the chair of
materia medh-a and mfdieal chemistry.
Richard M. H. Berndt, M.D., adjunct to the
Chair oi therapeutics.
Henry B. A. Kugeler, M.D., adjunct to the
chair of pathology and histology.
Janu'sF. Mi'i'onc, U.S., M.D., M.R.C.S. Eng.,
assistant to the chair of obstetrics.
AnatomioU IVpartmeiit— J. Henry Barbat,
Ph.G., M.D.. demonstrator.
Sam P. Tuggle, Ml-, senior assistant de
monstrator.
s. J. Fraser, A.8., M.D., Junior assistant
demonstrator.
Edwin Br.nnell, A.8., M.D., junior assistant
demonstrator.
Henry A. L. Ryfkogel, M.D., junior assistant
demonstrator.
William G. Hbv, M.D., junior assistant de
monstrator.
college d.spensary staff— Drs. G. H. Powers,
Wellington Dodge, John M. Williamson,
Dongas w. Montgomery, W. E. Hopkins,
Charles A. yon Hoffman, Henry li. A. Kugeler,
Thomas B. W. l.eland. Martin B. Macinnis,
G • re«- W. Merntt, Loo Xewmark, F. W.
d'Evelyn, H. I> Robertson, PhiUp Collischonn,
A. K. "liuj.ersberger, Hugh Lagan, Henry W.
Stirewnlt, H. M. Sherman, O. W. Jones, J. P.
Hull.
In the evening there was a banquet at
the Palace Hotel tendered the graduates
by the Alumni Association of the Medical
Depnrtment of the University of Cali
fornia, with the co-operation of the fac
ulty. Plates were set for about 100, in
cluding about a dozen ladies.
Dr. John M. Williamson, member of
the Board of Health, presided, and
the toasts were in part as follows : Univer
sity of California, Professor W. E. Ritter;
Regents, J. B. Reinstein; Medical Depart
ment, R. Beverly Cole; Old Guard, Dr. H.
N. Rucker: The New Recruit, Dr. L. H.
Coe; The Ladies, Dr. C. A. Clinton.
AGENT NORMAN MISSING
A Local Bicycle Dealer Who
Failed to Pay for His
Goods.
Several Attachments Placed on His
Store— His Second Estab
lishment.
The creditor? of William Norman, who ;
' for several yearn ] ast has conducted a bi- j
cycle agency at SS6 end 328 McAllister
street, are anxiously inquiring his where
abouts, and to secure themselves against '
possible loss have placed attachments ag- !
j gregating several hundred dollars on his j
establishment.
Norman came here from England some I
years ago and rented a small place on Me- '
Allister street, where he did a limited 1
! renting and repairing business. Gradu
ally he increased the scope of his enter
prise until he carried a heavy stock of
1 wheels, which are said to have been ob-
J tamed on credit from Eastern firms.
It is also laid that he maintained a sec
j ond establishment on Brannan street,
: where be sent the larger portion of the
i bicycles obtained on credit, disposing of
) them for whatever price he could obtain,
; and failed to make remittances to the
trusting Eastern manufacturers.
On Monday last a creditor who desired
to collect a claim against Gorman called
: at the agency and was informed that he
i had gone away on a visit to his family. He
! made inquiries and found that Norman
j had given out that his wife and children
I had gone to Los Angeles.
Thinking perhaps that the missing
\ dealer had gone there and did not intend
i to return, an attachment was sued out
j Bnd the Sheriff's lock placed on the door.
The stock that remained in the store
I wa« insignificant, however, compared with
| the liabilities of the agent and it is
thought that tbe cvetiitOis will get little.
The attachments that have already been
placed on Norman's place aggregate $So 4,
I of which $724 is claimed by Hougbson &
Merton, manufacturer*' agents, and $140
j by a collection agency representing other
I creditors. It is thought that other claims
i aggregating several thousand dollars will
I be filed soon.
SPRINKLING IS COSTLY
The Merchants' Association Fig
ures Declared to Be Er
roneous.
Expert George W. E'.der of the Board
of Supervisors Draws Some
Comparisons.
The protest^ filed with the Board of Su
pervisors by several hundred citizens who
oppose the plan of the Merchants' Asso
ciation to have the business streets of the
City sprinkled at the public expense has
aroused the Street Committee of the board
to investigate the matter to ascertain If it
would be of public benefit and if the
1 figures submitted by the association are
correct.
George W. Elder, the expert of the com
mittee, has been at work on the matter
for several days past, 'and lie submitted
his report at yesterday's meeting. In the
main it was as follows:
Their estimated cost of sprinkling Market
street from Second to Seventh streets by pub
lic contract is $28 50 per week. In order to
exemplify this particular item of supposed
cost of this sprinkling to be done by public
contract, I have examined into the coat of
sprinkling Van Ness avenue at the present
time, which the City is paying for at the fol
i lowing prices, to wit:
Cost of sprinkling Van Ness avenue, $49 per
week.
The ground covered daily by the water carts
at present includes the macadam blocks which
yet remain unpaved, where the watering is
done as much for the preservation of the pave
ment as for allaying the dust.
The lineal feet covered daily and the
amount of water used are as follows:
Lineal feet, 2470; water, 25 loads or 2000
cubic feet of water at 14 cents per 100 feet,
amounting to, per day, $2 80. one double
team per day, $4 20. Total for one day, $7.
Total for one we? k, $49.
This is what the City Is paying at the. present
| time for sprinkling Van Ness avenue, and it
; seem* to be a fair average paid for street
■prinking.
It seems only fair to compare this rate, pro
portionally, to Market street, although lam
reliably informed that it would require more
water for the same area on Market street,
owing to the different class of pavement.
However, I wish to make a fair comparison of
the two streets, in order that .lie committee
may compare the cost fairly and impartially.
Market street, from Second to Seventh, owing
to broad crossings and intersections, 1*4700
lineal feet. In order to cover this amount of
ground, being nearly double the amount of
ground to be covered on Van Ness avenue, it
would require two carts Instead of one, and
! there would be more wear and tear on a cart
used on Market street than on Van Ness ave
nue. Therefore, at the least calculation, the
carts would cost $5 per day each, or $10 per
day for two carls. The amount of water used
would amount to $5 60. or total cost of one
day $1500; total cost for. one week, $100 20.
Tims, your committee can readily see that
1 there must be some mistake in the estimate
submitted to your honorable committee by the
Merchants' Association as to the cost of sprink
ling Market street. These estimates I have
made from reliable information, and only
submit them for information as to what might
be the future cost, should the City assume to
sprinkle these streets by public contract.
• Sprinkling Market street at the same cost as
is now paid for Van Ness avenue would be
almost lour times as much as the estimate of
the Merchants' Association, their estimate
being if 2B 50 per week; the cost would be at
the price now paid by the City for sprinkling
Van Ness avenue $109 20. which would be
$80 70 per week more than the estimate sub
mitted to you by the Merchants' Association.
< Thus, it would follow that the taxation for
street sprinkling would bo, instead of 3
cents per year on each $100 valuation, almost
12 cents per year, and on $1000 valuation,
instead of $3, it would be $ 12.
TOURING FROM
OCEAN TO OCEAN
Jaunt of General Passenger
Agent George H.
Daniels.
HE INDULGES IN A FAD.
His Movements for the Entire
Trip Governed by a Printed
Schedule.
WROTE A NOTABLE TREATISE.
Points Given to Aspirants for Success
in the Passenger Depart
ment.
George H. Daniels, who left here for
i Portland in his special car on Tuesday
' evening, is not only the "king pin" in the
; United States among general passenger
! agent?, but tne model official of that rank
in the eyes of the railroad men connected
with the passenger department. He Is the
general passenger agent of the great New-
York Central Railroad, of which the
Vanderbilts are the principal owners and
Chauncey If. Depewjtbe president.
At the present time he is engaged in
what he calls a "tour from ocean to
ocean," purely on pleasure bent, and with
him are his wife and daughter, Mrs. L. P.
Wilber, Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Hamlin, Miss
j Maud Hamlin, Miss Helen M. Tompkins
and Ralph S. Tompkins.
Mr. Daniels is a great stickler for details
' and promptness, and sets a good example
| to all his subordinates, even when away
|on a trip of the present character. 80
thoroughly has every detail of the circuit
! he is to cover been prearranged that he
1 can be communicated with from his New
i York office any day with the absolute
certainty of being reached.
He left New York with his private car
attached to train No. 15 of the New York
; Central on Friday, May 8, at 1 p. m., and
will arrive home on the 7th prox. ai 8:45
r. .m. Before departing he had a four
page cardboard folder printed and dis
tributed among those who might have oc
casion to communicate with him. This
set out tbe roads and trains by which ne
would move and the date and hour that
i he would be at not less than 100 im-
I portant points during his thirty days'
■ jaunt.
He came West via the New York Cen
| tral. Michigan Central, Chicago and North
! western, Union Pacific, Denver and Rio
i Grande, Rio Grande Western and Central
: Pacific. From San Francisco he departed
; on the Southern Pacific line lor Portland.
1 Thence he will make the trip up the Co
| lunibia by boat to The Dalles, and return
i via the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company's line, rie will proceed to the
Sound via the Northern Pacific and then
1 East via the latter road, the Chicago, Mil
waukee add St. Paul, Michigan Central
and New York Central, and will cover in
I all something over 10,000 miles.
Recently Mr. Daniels contributed an
I article to' the Railway Age and North
| western Railroader, which attracted wide
attention from the clientage of that jour
! nal, tbe article treating of "The Success
j ful Passenger Man." In this the author
; says:
"There are five requisitas to the success
of %ny man who wishes to be an efficient
representative of the passenger department
! of a great railroad.
"Knowledge of the line, its facilities and
its connections.
"Industry.
"Affability and courtesy.
"Promptness.
"Honesty."
Under the head of "Industry" Mr. Dan
iels has this aphorism :
"An indolent person would never suc
ceed as a passenuer man ; passengers move,
and he who would be successful in this
calling must move first."
In writing of "Affability and Courtesy"
• he incidentally cracks a nut for General
I Hubburd, who, when here, expressed a de-
I sire for knowledge as to why the Southern
I Pacific was so unpopular with the public.
On this point Mr. Daniels says, though
evidently without malice prepense toward
Colliß P. Huntington, "tbe opinion of the
public regarding transportation lines is
I generally formed according to the dealings
I with the representatives of such lines."
In concluding his article a somewhat
: rude shock is given to the conceptions of
the average passenger agent. He writes:
■ "It pays to be honest in connection with
i railroad wore, as in any other, and an
, agent who is conscientious and honest in
his statements, energetic, polite and affa
ble, and who thoroughly understands bis
; duties, will make an ideal representative."
FUNDS FOR THAT FIESTA
Colonel Andrews' Scheme for
Raising $125,000 Without
Begging.
Seven Citizens Appointed to Choose
tbe Carnival Executive
Committee.
A happy and feasible scheme for raising
ample funds for the San Francisco Carni
val was suggested last night by Colonel
! Andrews at the meeting of the general
! committee, held in the Baldwin Hotel.
The idea is this: Have 125.000 souvenir
! carnival medals struck off and sold in ad
vance at a dollar each, the medal in itself
entitling the wearer 10 a seat during the
i entire six days of the carnival.
Colonel Andrews says suitable medals
' could be made at a rate of 5 cents each,
: and in such a way that they could not be
counterfeited.
The forty-five representative citizens
■ present received his suggestion with en
| thusiastic approval and declared it to be
! the best idea tney had yet heard. It would
i avoid subscription lists and systematic
i begging for funds.
As tribunes are to be erected along
many of the principal streets where the
features of the carnival will be presented
seats will certainly be in demand, and it is
I thought that little difficulty will be found
in disposing of the souvenir medals.
I Banks, mercantile houses and other busi
| ness concerns may, it is believed, be relied
1 upon to buy 100 medals each. As the
i committee has been counting on devoting
i $100,000 10 the carnival this new scheme
j seems to provide for funds enough to erect
' plenty of seats and still have over the re
; quired amount.
The only other business before the meet
ing was the apoointnieat of a committee
! of seven whose duty it shall be to submit
at the regular meeting next Tuesday the
names of twenty-five" men best calculated
! to represent all interests and be the ex
[ ecutive committee of the carnival, pracli
| cally the directors of all the preparations
J for the great event. The temporary chair
HEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
MIDWEEK BARGAINS !
Our GREAT CUT PRICE SALE to force out our IMMENSE
OVERSTOCK continues with the following
STROM LEADERS FOR TODAY'S TRADE!
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFSI
(SIjIC3-:H:TXa"Sr IMPERFECT.)
jSl.± 5 Cents Eacli.
1000 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED EMBROIDERED HANDKER-
CHIEFS, with. Valenciennes Lace Insertion (slightly imperfect), regular price $1 20
to $1 75 a dozen, will be offered at 5c each.
-^-t 1O Cents ICnolx.
500 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $2 40 a dozen, will be offered at
10c each.
-A.* 12'; Cents XJach.
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $3 a dozen, will be offered at 12V^c
each.
■A.X IB Cents Each.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER L.AWN HAND-
KERCH lEFS (slightly imperfect), regular value $3 50 a dozen, will be offered at
l">c each.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR! WAISTS!
■AJt 35 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, heavy muslin, finished with tucks and embroidery
will be closed out at 35c. '
Ajt 81.00.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, of fancy stripes and checks, detachable collars, in all
fancy colors, regular price ?1 50, will be offered at $1.
LADIES KID GLOVES !
AJt 75 Cents.
20C0 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (with black embroidered backs), in butter, cream
and white, regular value for $1 2"), will be offered at 75c a pair.
iVt GO Cents.
1800 pairs 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES (large buttons), in red, tan, brown and
navy, also black, regular value $1 25, will be offered at SOc a pair.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS!
.A^t 75 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Satin (lined), value $1 25, will be offered at 75c each. ,
At $1.00.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Surah Silk, with ruffles, value $1 50, will be offered at $1
each.
At dI.SO.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gros-Grain Silk, with one and two ruffles, value $2 will
be offered at $1 50 each.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
.AJt 12' i Cents a, Fair.
30 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, double heels and toes
broken sizes, worth 25c, will De closed out at 12)^c a pair. *
-A.t IO Cents 3E3a.cn.
50 dozen LADIES' SWISS RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, low neck and
sleeveless, fancy trimmed neck and armlets, regular price 25c, will be closed out
at 10c each.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 5 Cents.
100 dozen FANCY COLORED BORDERED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
warranted fast colors, will be offered at 5c each ; regular price 10c.
At 15 Cents.
150 dozen LATEST STYLE ALL-SILK TECKS AND FOUR-IN-HANDS, neat pat-
terns, will be offered at 15c each; regular price 25c and 35c.
-A.t. 35 Cents.
50 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' OVERSHIRTS. in Cheviot, Black Sateen and Black
Stripe Sateen, will be offered at 35c each; regularly sold at 50c.
/ B/fn^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Martoi Slniet comer of M% /
•AN PRANOUBOO.
man, upon suggestions from those pres
ent, named the following seven: General
£. W. Backus, Senator J. H. Mahonev,
David Rich. J. A. Steinbach. Colonel J.
O'Byrne, D. S. Porn and P. B. Lilienthal.
At the request of the meeting Temporary
Chairman General Warfield and Tempo
rary Secretary H. I. Fiaher were added to
this committee.
Dr. Fred W. d'Evelyn, president of the
Geographical Society, in a message to the
meeting, humorously accounted for his
absence by explaining that he had inter
cepted a horse's hoof in midair the day
before.
Sliaw'H Pharmacy Insolvent.
George T. Beaizley, the druggist, has filed a
petition in insolvency. The failure means
that the old drugstore known as Shaw's Phar
macy has failed. Beaizley is a member of the
tirm now running Shaw's Pharmacy, and his
name heads the list of those on the' petition.
The liabilities are set down at $4713 07, and
the assets at f:?155 55.
Printers' Picnic Postponed.
Owlnir to the rainstorm the picnic of the
Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society, which was
to have been held yesterday at Glenwood Park,
in the Santa Cm* Mountains, was postponed
until next Thursday, May 28. Kound trip
tickets, ft.
[R®sBSSi3^fP 1
fcjtepi!
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store \ it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder. that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
6uch a motto as that.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE!
WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
SAN FRANCISCO
Pioneer Woolen Factory
Without Limit or Reserve.
Seven 50-Vara Lots at the head of
Van Ness Avenue, opposite the
Black Point Reservation.
Three Brick and one Frame Bund-
in gr.
One Four -Story Brick Faotory
Building, 64x383 feet.
49* Send or Call for Circular with all
details and description.
SHAISWALD, BUCRBEE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS,
218-220 Montgomery St.
• MILLS BUILDING.
PHOTO MOOT AND CARD HfFCL CO.
Dealers in Cardboard.
MANUFACTURERS OF
PHOTO MOUNTS .;...;"
CARDS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
EMBOSSING :
RAGGED EDGING, ETC
ARTISTIC SOUVENIRS
PROORAnnES, nENUS
LABELS, SHOW CARDS, ETC..
if W. COR. OF CLAY AND SAASOME STS/
§&$ PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECIALTY-JHSKASEB OF MEN.INCLCD-
' ►-MniC all forms of Wood, Skin and Nervous Dm.
eaops of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience
Book sent free.- I'atients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8-30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul union free aud
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOSCOE SIcM!I.TY. 91. D.,
26 i Kt»riiT S*rc«t, San Iranct.n., Ci»i.
910
WAS BLANTHER
THE STRANGLER?
Chief Crowley Concurs in
the Opinion That He Was
Not an Amateur.
WHY HE LEFT HIS VALU-
ABLE MEDALS.
An Experience in Blood May
Have Caused Him to Feel
Secure.
WAS A DESPISED DESERTER
FROM HIS FLAG.
Had Been Arrested in Siam, but Ex
tradition Proceedings Failed and
He Disappeared.
Chief Crowley agreed in so many words
with the theory advanced yesterday by
The Call that Joseph Blanther is an ac
complished murderer; that the bloody
butchery of old Mrs. Langfeldt was not
the first work of the kind by the same
hand. It was too coolly done, too well
Planned, and the murderer's behavior
afterward was that of a man who did not
fear arrest.
In other words Chief Crowley clearly in- j
dicates that he believes Blanther is the
author of the general murders attributed :
vaguely to the mysterious "strangler."
It wouid be the part of a man who had
committed many such murders and es
caped detection to act just as he did. No
one bad actually seen him go into ,
the Kleineberg houße. How could
he Know that Mrs. Langfeldt had
told the Kleinebergs itiat he was expected
there that evening. Had she not done so,
what was there to associate his name with
the crime? Old Mrs. Langfeldt had many
callers, and he had always carried himself
as a gentleman of wealth. What was there
to direct suspicion roward him then? His I
plans were perfect in this view of the
case. He told his friend Dodge that he
was going to San Jose with Mrs. Marks — a ;
lady whom Dodge did not know. It is !
quite likely that he went to San Jose or to :
some other point where news of the dis
covery of the crime could reach him.
Suppose the newspapers had simply
heralded the perpetration of another mur
der by an unknown — another shocking
mardpr mystery.
Would it not, then, have been altogether
possible that the versatile nobleman would
have kept his engagement with the inno
cent Dodge at the Cafe Royal on Monday
night and taken him to some French res
taurant where they could discuss and phi- ;
losophize upon the new murder mystery?
Blanther said: # 'I will meet you on Sun
day, perhaps, but not later than Monday
evening; but if anything should happen ]
to me I will depend upon you, as my i
friend, to look after my tin box, with the ;
medals that I prize more dearly than life."
Then he disappeared. It so happened
that hi? name was instantly brought for
ward as the suspect in this case and was j
in everybody's mouth next morning. It is
not strange, then, that he did not return.
The police themselves say that his ;
flight was the strongest circumstance \
against him. For forty-eight hours after- j
ward, and until George Dodge had told
his story of the diamond transaction,
this view of the case — this security that I
the man felt — fully explains what has |
been the oddest bit of mystery in it. I
That is, the circumstance of Blanther's '
leaving those medals that he valued so j
highly behind him.
To be sure it may be said that it would
have been unsafe for him to carry them
with him, as they would certainly iden
tify him. But it does not at all follow
that in taking them with him he would
have had to carry them on his person.
Had he really contemplated flight he
could have disposed of them in
more than a hundred different ways
that would have suggested themselves to
him. For instance, while waiting for the
coming of Dodge that morning, how
easy it would have been to mail
those medals to himself under
any name at the objective point
in his flight. But he left them behind, to- i
gether with his family papers and took !
the chance — promising to return. A man •
who had committed murder with impun
ity would have acted just so, would have
grown careless of the police.
It will be remembered that Blanther
made a mysterious disappearance about
ten weeks ago, about the time that Bertha
Faridis was strangled by an unknown in
St. Mary's street. He was gone about two
or three weeks and returned to this City
about six weeks ago.
His friends knew nothing of his inten
tion to leave nor of his whereabouts until
Dodge accidentally met him on the street
and Blanther explained that he had been
in Portland.
Again this man had no visible means of
support at any time. He was a mystery.
When Dodge and the others who have
been mentioned as acquaintances first met
him he had plenty of money and boasted
that he had earned it by bis pen in writ
ing tor Harper's and the Century, i
receiving such fabulous sums as $700 and
$*00 a montn for his work, while the
fact is h : s writing is of a character not
marketable anywhere.
He did not work, hut his finances fluc
tuated. One day be was starving and the
next buying 1* rench dinners.
This outlines the opinion of Chief Crow-
Ley. In other words be believes Blanther
i« the strangle? or tho author of more than
one of the mysterious murders that have
shocked the community within the past
few months.
"I am convinced that Bianlher in a man
with a mania for murder.'' said tbe Chief
last night. "Yon can make what you
please of that conclusion. I do not "be
lieve that that is the first crime ot the
kind he has committed."
Blanther answers perfectly the descrip- :
tion ot the sirangler as given by Irene '
Pliiilips. t!ie Sutter-street woman who was
attacked one night about a month ago,
ar.d also by Laura Petit, another woman
residing on Eliis street assaulted within |
the following few days.
In line with this theory also comes the !
news from Austria that Blanther so far I
from being a n >l»leman in high esteem !
with liis Government, is even with his j
medals a deserter from the army. He was |
sentenced in contumaciain on the charge j
of outlawry and a year later was arrested j
in Siaru, but t. c extradition procee lings |
taken against him faiJod to obtain his sur- •
ren'if r to the Austria:' authorities, who |
have since been ignorant of his where- j
a bouts.
At police headquarters yesterday they I
reported an absolute dearth of views con- j
ceming the murderer of Mrs. Langfeldt, j
_ r
Officers were still busily engaged in send- I
ing out circulars descriptive of Blanther, !
and notice of suspects seen in various |
parts of the State keeps coming in, but
there was nothing definite.
Captain Lees said: "I believe in follow
ing every trail, or indication of a trail,
that is reported, but I have nothing so far
that offers much encouragement looking
to the capture of Blanther."
The descriptions as being sent out now
are being changed in some slight degree
from that in the original circular. For
! instance, his eyes are described as "gray"
i instead of "browning gray" ; his teeth are
set down as simply "white," not "white
and even," and his feet are not now said
to be especially small. His teeth, nearly
all those who know him agree, did not
present an even line, but were worn and
broken, showing slight indentations.
t Captain Lees has secured several copies i
of more recent photographs of the man,
which he will also have engraved and
copies sent to police authorities through
out the country. He says he is convinced
that Blanther is not the man of singular
appearance that he has been represented.
"I imagine that he ii a very ordinary
| looking individual, distinguished, if at
all, by something of a military bearing.
But clothes can greatly change a man's
appearance. A tailor with a little padding
can give a man a pair of square shoulders
that completely change his appearance."
Captain Lees declines to express an '
opinion as to the whereabouts of Blan
ther — whether it be near or far; whether
he is in hiding in this City, Oakland or
vicinity, or whether he has made his way
out of the State. "It would be foolish for
me to say what, in my opinion, has be
come of him, as it would be to tell just
what menas and measures I am tak
ing to apprehend him. It is sufficient for
me to state that I am exerting every
means in my power to overtake him."
It may be said, however, that the search
is &till centered about San Jose, where, it
is thought, he may be concealed by some
of the female friends he is known to have
had in that city.
George Dodge, the friend of Blanther .
who occupies such a peculiar place in the
story of the crime, has, since he made pub
lic his full statement, fallen out of public '
view to avoid the persistent interviewer.
Mrs. Marks, the other of the principal
figures in the story, keeps to her rooms,
being still quite ill from the effects of the
excitement and the narrow escape which
she is convinced that she herself made.
She repeats the story of the inquiries
made by Blanther concerning her own
diamonds, but denies that they excited
any suspicion with her at the time. She
says that Blanther never saw her dia
monds but once or twice, as she was not
accustomed to displaying them. Fur
thermore, she always believed that
the young Austrian was well off
as he always represented himself to be. i
What caused her to wish to rid herself of
his attentions was the morbid turn of ,
mind he exhibited; his constant talk of
death and threats of suicide. She began ;
to fear him on this account, because he '
talked so liehtly of death. She expressed
to her friends the fear that he would do i
something desperate. They or one of
them — advised her not to discard him too
abruptly, as it might cause him to do
what he threatened. i
Upon the first opportunity afterward, ;
acting upon this advice, she advised him
not to call so often as he had been doing.
Drawing himself up in a burst of indigna
tion he declared he would not call at all. j :
And he did not again.
T -at was on the Ist of May, before he |
had ever spoken to Dodge about th« dia- |
monds that he desired to have him pawn j
for Mrs. Marks. He had not told him j i
! about his break with • that lady.
It was contrary to his nature to
! confess to any " such rebuff. Neither
had he ever said anything about
the existence of Mrs. Lanefeldt while yet he
was calling upon her daily and nightly. |
It would seem to be clear from this that '
the idea at least of this particular !
diamond transaction came to Blanther
after he had ceased calling on Mrs. Marks,
and as a result of his acquaintance with
. Mrs. Lanpfeldt and the opportunity that
I the old woman offered him.
BLANTHER A DESERTER.
Guilty of Treason by Skulking
From the Army of His
Country.
LONDON", Eko., May 21.— A dispatch to
a news agency from Vienna says:
Joseph Blanther, the suspected mur
derer of Mrs. Lanefeldt of San Francisco,
served first in the Thirty-second Austrian
Infantry, and later deserted from the
Eighty-fifth Hungarian Infantry while at
Vienna in 1885.
He was sentenced in contumacinm on
the charge of outlawry, and a year later
was arrested in Siam, but extradition pro
ceedings failed to obtain his surrender,
and the Austrian authorities have since
been ignorant of his whereabouts.
Blanther claimed, according to San
Francisco dispatches, to have been a lieu
tenant in the Austrian army and to have
received at least four crosses and decora
tions of knightly orders. Documents
which seem to bear out his statements
were found among his effects.
The most important of these was a
highly decorated imperial order of Decem
ber 21. 1878. conferring knighthood upon
Joseph Blanther, a first lieutenant in the
Sixty-fifth Austrian Infantry. But the
Austrian War Office states that blanther
only served in the Thirty-second Austrian
Infantry and Eighty-fifth Hungarian In
fant TV.
Blanther appears to have arrived in the
United States about ten years ago and to
have lived in New York* Chicago and in
various places in Florida before going to
San Frf ncisco in February last.
MISS AMYE E. READE, AUTHOR AND READER.
Miss Amye E. Reade has made herself famous throughout the entire world by her
literary works, in which she strongly appeals for children. She has taken up the
cause of the little ones in the workhouses and orphanages of England and has made
them subjects for her literary work. The author has derivec" particular fame by the
attention she has given to circus children.
Miss Reade is making her temporary residence in Oakland. She is an English
woman by b.rth, being a daughter of the literary family of Sir John Reade. She
wrote her first baby tory, "Haddon Hali," when she was but 7 years old. Later, her
studies were directed by one of the leading authors of London. ' Her first real work
"Kufoy caused a storm of applause and criticism and aroused the interest of the
English Parliament.
Subsequently she lectured in England and Scotland, and afterward wrote "Slaves
of Sawdust. Another boos from her pen, which tieais with artists* models, is about to
appear in the London Press. Miss Reade has traveled all over the world, but this
however, is her tirst visit to America. She is making a tour of this country with the
intention of writing a history on republics.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
DIRECTORS OF A
GREAT CAMPAIGN
The Republican Executive
Committee Assembles
for the First Time.
ADJOURNED TILL TO-BAY
An Effort to Harmoniously Se
lect a Chairman Delays
Organization.
PREBTON SUDDENLY OPPOSED.
Nearly All the Mrmbers Are Here to
Take a Hand in the Election
of Officers.
The new executive committee of the
Republican State Central Committee got
together for its initial meeting in tbe
rooms of the State Central Committee at
419 California street yesterday afternoon.
The committee transacted no business
of importance during the brief session
held and adjourned until 10 o'clock this
morning when permanent organization
will undoubtedly be effected by the elec
tion of a chairman, a secretary and an
assistant secretary.
This is prooably the only easiness of
importance that will be taken up by the
camnitHb to-day or before tbe meeting of
the Nationtl Convention, but a great in
terest is beiafc tacen in the disposition of
offices by all Urn members of the commit
tee.
The chairmanship is naturally the thing
of chief importance. E. F. Preston, who
who has long been prominent in State
affairs of the party, had been informally
agreed upon for tie chairmanship of the
committee by a majority of the members,
but yesterday a suddenly developed oppo
sition to Mr. Preston in favor of Frank
McLaughlin showed itself.
The opposition was considerable, but of
uncertain strength, and it was shown
during the discussion that attended the
gathering of the members. In this situa
tion a large number of the coranuttee
men agreed that a harmonious under
standing should be reached, if possible,
and tnat an adjournment for a few hours
would be the wisest step to take.
It was with this understanding that the
meeting was called to order by James W.
Rea at the momentary suggestion of sev
eral members as ihe committeemen seated
tnemselves.
Nineteen of the twenty-one members
were present and one of the absentees was
represented by a proxy. Mo9t of the
members from Southern California and
from other parts of the State arrived by
forenoon trains, and the large attendance
was an evidence of the energetic interest
in the important work of the committee
which it had been promised the carefully
selected new committee would show.
Those present were: John D. Spreckels,
Leon Sloss, W. W. Shannon, Cornelius
O'Connor, M. R. Higgins, A. Ruef, Harry
N. Gray, W. A. Nicholson, Paris Kilburn,
San Francisco: E. F. Preston, San Mateo;
Frank McLanghlin, Oroville; Allen B.
Lemmon, Santa Rosa; James W. Rea, San
Jose; M. H. Weight. Pasadena; Irving B.
Dudley. San Diego; Frank P. Flint, H. Z.
Osborne and \V. F. Parker, Los Angeles;
W. F. Georee, Sacramento.
The absentees were E. K. Taylor of Ala
meda and Frank A. Miller of Pasadena.
F. P. Flint of Los Angeles held the proxy
of the latter.
On motion of John D. Spreckels Mr. Rea
was made temporary chairman, and on
motion of A. Ruef Jacob Steppacher was
called to act as temporary secretary.
A motion by Mr. Spreckels thatthecom
mittee go into executive session was op
posed by Nicholson, but it was quickly
supported by Messrs. O'Connor, Lemmon
and others and it was carried. The ses
sion lasted but a few minutes and resulted
in an adjournment until 10 a. m. to-day.
Hervey Lindley of Los Angeles was
among the number who were there as in
terested spectators, and who helped make
a busy scene of gossip in the corridor and
j in the committee-room.
The members of the new executive com
mittee from Los Angeles, San Diego, Sac
ramento and other places speak highly of
Republican prospects in their respective
localities.
H. Z. Csborne of the Los Angeles Ex
press, w-.o is a member of the executive
committee and a close observer of r>olitica I
affairs, predicts that the Republican vote
and the Republican majority in Southern
California next November will be the
largest ever cast in that region of
the State. "Should McKinley get the
nomination, as I believe he will," said Mr.
Osborne, "the Republican majority will
be overwhelming. There are no dissen
sions to speak of in the party, and the
prospects of a sweeping majority for the
nominee of the St. Louis convention of
Republicans are remarkably bright Every
sign indicates a great triumph of the party
in the Presidential election. 1 '
W. F. Parker, another member of the
executive committee, is confident that the
Republican majority south of the Te
hachapi will be exceptionally large. "Re
publicans are united and enthusiastic,"
said Mr. Parker. "They are not distracted
and divided by factional controversy. If
any disputes exist they are purely local
and will have no bearing or effect on the
National ticket. Los Angeles as a city is
Republican and the party vote this year
W1 p b ? * he 'argest ever polled."
raris Kilburn of the executive commit
tee has occasion to visit all parts of the
Mate and is particularly well informed
regarding the sentiment in tbe Salinas
i' e £" ** c asrrees with Messrs. Osborne
and Parker that Republican prospects of
victory were never brighter. The party is
united, earnest and confident.
♦
FOR REPUBLICAN SUCCESS.
The Young Men's Republican
League Begins an Active
Career.
The Young Men's Republican League
elected officers for the ensuing year last
evening in Justice Kerrigan's courtroom
and otherwise prepared to cut a leading
figure in the Republicun campaign.
The body was organized in September
last as the Young Men's Republican Club,
but was reorganized under its present
name recently. The league is made up of
young Republican business men who are
not practical politicians, but who sre in
terested in the success of the Republican
party and are ready to actively and en
thusiastically enter into the work of the
campaign. The purposes of tbe club are
declared to be the advocacy of the princi
ples of the Republican party, the encour
agement of attendance at primaries ami
the protection of the purity of Republican
politics.
The club is ambitious to take a position
at the very front of local Republican clubs.
It now ha" a membership of 200, which
will be greatly increased. This week a
drill corps wilfbe orsanized, and it is pro
posed to finely uniform the entire club.
Permanent and attractive headquarters
will soon be established down town. Meet
ings are held every Thursday evening.
The following officers were elected last
evening: President. Frank K. Spencer,
tirst vice-president, George E. Moyniban;
second Vice-president, E. L. Bell; secre
tary, F. R. Casey; treasurer, John Louni
bos.
The executive committee elected two
weeks ago consists of E. L. McCullough.
George E. Moynihan, W. E. Kemp, Cal
Ewing Jr., F. E. Cordes. L. A. Bell, L. W.
Dake. F. R. Casey, T. P. Leonard, Frank
K. Spencer and J. L. Lounibos.
PROSPECTING FOR DIAMONDS.
A Famous Gem Acquired by a South
African Farmer.
Early in the year 1867 a traveler named
O'Reilly, bound southward from the
Orange River, rested himself a while at a
farm in the Hope Town district. His host,
one Nickerk, presently brought to his
notice some nice looking stones that had
been obtained from the river; and while
examining this collection of pebbles,
O'Reilly pounced upon the "first dia
mond.'' This gem he at once took to Dr.
Atherstone of Grahamstown, who pro
nounced it to be worth £/MX>, and this sum
it very soon realized. Naturally, the lucky
wayfarer then hastened back to the spot
where such good fortune had befallen him,
but hi? subsequent as>idu<>us searches were
unavailing. Some two years now elapsed
without anything momentous transpiring.
However, in 1860, Farmer Niekerk ac
quired from a native, for about £400
worth of stock, a lar>:e diamond which
was readily sold to a firm in Hope Town
for £10,000. This famous eem was later
christened, "The Star of South Africa" ,
it weighed eighty-three karats, was esti
mated to be worth £_'5,000 and found a
final re«ting-p!aco among the Countess
of Dudley's magnificent jewels.
One of the most peculiar incidents in
connection with the diamond fields is
that, although these early discoveries
were "made in the neighborhood of Hope
Town, no mine has ever been found
there.
The very natural result of the sensa
tional "find" just mentioned was a frantic
rush of diggers to the district from all
parts. Careful prospecting demonstrated
later on that diamonds also existed on the
banks of the Vaai River. Consequently
barely a year alter the finding of "The
Star of South Africa^ no fewer than ten
thousand persons had arrived on the
s-Cfne in spite of the dreary, not to say ap
palling, prospects that confronted them.
Good food and pure waters were unknown
at that time, while shelter from the
scorching -sun was mainly afforded by
primitive canvas structures. Many min
ers thus succumbed to pestilence, disease
and sunstroke before they eveii reached
the threshold of their El Dorado. At this
time, however, crime was almost unknown,
partly because the journey from Port
Elizabeth was accomplished in rough bul
lock wagons over frightful roads and occu
pied about three weeks, at a cost of fully
£50, an amount beyond the means of the
lowest class of rogues. Furthermore, the
cost of living was simply prodigious. —
Strand Magazine.
THE LONGEST TUNNEL.
A Railroad System Under Piken Teak
tml Neighboring Mountain*.
"Colorado is goinc to have the longest
tunnel in the world," said Richard Jones
in conversation with a St. Louis Globe-
Democrat man a few days ago. "Within
a few years the Mont Cenis, Bt. Gothard
and Simplon tunnels under the Alps will
not compare with the one to be con
structed.
"A company has undertaken to do
forty-eight miles of tunneling under Pikes
Peak and the territory near by. It will
begin at Sunderland Creek, near Colorado
City, and run in a southwesterly direction
to a creek some distance beyond Inde
pendence and Victor. It is to be built for
a doabie-track railway and have the regu
lation dimension of railway tnnnnis. 14 feet
wide and 18 high. A branch line will leave
jhe main tunnel at a point under Inde
pendence and run to (-ripple Creek,
placing that mining center within sixteen
miles of Colorado City. The distance be
tween the two is by rail at present fifty
four m'lop.
"The two months of the main tunnel are
to have the same altitude, 6800 feet, and
the grade of the tunne! will be one foot to
the hundred, enough to make it drain
well. This will give the divide an alti
tude of about 7400 feet. The summit of
Pikes Peak is 14,000 feet above the sea and
Cripple Creek nearly 10,000. The plan in
cludes also laterals or cross tunnels at sev
eral different points. One is to be at or
under Crystal Park and another under
•'amerons Cove. The longest one will cut
the main line not far from Bald Mountain
and run under that peak in one direction
and under the summit of Pikes Peak in
ihe other. This cross tunnel will be over
tifteen miles long. Then another tunnel
is to connect this crossarm with the main
line, joining the latter nearer the south
ami the branch on the west side of Pikes
Peak. It will run under the mining camp
of Gillett and not far from Grassy.
"The amount needed for the tunnel
work is $20,000,000. A contract now in es
crow in Colorado City requires that tbe
work shall be commenced within ninety
■lays. Tlie intention is to have forty -eight
miles tunneled and the main line in oper
ation before March 1. 1906. "
Experiments made with carrier-pigeons
in connection with various European
armies show that tbe speed of the carrier
In calm weather and for a short distance la
about 1210 yards a minute. With a very
strong win. I in the direction of the flight a
bird has reached 1980 yards a minute.
PEACE MAY YET
BE RESTORED.
The Parrott Building Boy
cott Likely to Be
Settled.
CONFERENCE PROMISED.
The Meeting Will Take Place
in the Emporium This
Afternoon.
THE OTHER TRADES UNION?.
No Fight Will Be Made by the
Brewery Workmen Against the
Enterprise Brtwery.
An interesting meeting of the Building
Trades Council was held last evening at
which the principal business discussed
was the boycott on the Parrott building
and the Emporium.
The nrsi taken up was the following let
ter from the Emporium people:
Executive Committee of the Building Trades
££?.. " / - GE , NTLE - MM 5 N ' : Through the datlv
Dress it is learned that, without previous
notice, k boycott has been placed by you
on the Emporium business enterprise because
the owners of the building have given their
contract to a party who employs non-union
men «ud who is otherwise objectionable to
your organization. Evidently you are not
aware »hat the business firms in question have
ho interest in the building or its fixtures, and
had no voice nor had they any right to ask to
be consulted concerning this matter
You could fully as consistently place a boy
cott on the Supreme Court of California, which
will occupy the upper floor of this building, as
upon the merchants who will sell goods in its
. oner floors.
We assume that you have no desire to act in
dividually in a matter of such importance,
and we hereby respectfully invite your board
to meet the managers of the Emporium Busi
ness Enterprise at the Emporium building to
confer upon this matter at its meeting at 3
o clock on Friday afternoon, May 22. or to ad
vise us if that time is not convenient.
» c also respectfully state that should you
decline to investigate the circumstances in
connection with this question or decide to
mainiaiu the boycott wit "out such investiga
tion upon an enterprise which is expected and
is intended to be an attraction to the City and
a benefit to the purchasing public, that the
responsibility of such unjust action will rest
entirely with your organization.
Very respectfully,
_, _ , Board of Managers.
W. E. Josi.ys, Secretary.
It was decided by the council to bear
anything the managers of the Emporium
have to say upon the subject. The two
business agents, R. T. Mclvor and C. F.
Schadt, with William O'Brien, Dick
Behrens and F. Schutz, were appointed as
a committee to keep the appointment re
quested by the Emporium people. The
committee was givon to understand that
the entire building must be unionized, for
by a resolution it was decided that the
boycott will not be removed unless all
non-union men are thrown ont of the j
building. In addition the secretary was
instructed to communicate with the San i
Francisco Trades Council, the San Fran- !
cisco Trades and Labor Alliance and all
traces unions toindorse the boycott on
the Emporium and Parrott building.
A special meeting of the council will be
held this evening to hear the report of the
committee as to the results of the confer
ence with the Emporium people.
The business agents were instructed to
call out tue men at the new recreation
grounds at Sixteenth and Folsom streets
this morning. Blake, O'Neil & Co. prom- j
ised to pay their carpenters the full rate
of wages, $3 a day, but it was learned that
the men are still underpaid.
John Graham and T. <). Arthur of Car
penters' Union 483 and J. Connolly of the
Plasterers' Tnion were seated as delegates.
AN EIGHT-HOUR JOB.
Healy & Tibbets Will Construct
the Pacific Wharf Shed on
Union Time.
Healy & Tibbets, the contractors, have
at last agreed to work their men only eight
hours in the construction of tbe State's
big shed on the Pacific-street wharf. For
a long timo the carpenters have been
watching this job, as it was announced
that the contractors proposed to keep their
men at work nine hours.
On Tuesday the work began, and as
feared, nine hours was the order. For
several days Business Agent Mclvor has
been interviewing the contractors and en
deavoring to induce them to reduce the
time to eight hours. His efforts were
fruitful, for yesterday he was assured that
hereafter the job will be run on eight
___^ _^ _^__ NEW TO-DAY.
As far as the eye can reach no limit or bound to the
resources of the old=line butchers exists, hence no jaded or
\ inferior stock is foisted by them upon an unsuspecting public.
It is sold, too, at prices that defy competition when quality is
considered. Patronizing the butchers who have helped build
up this Western country to the proud position it occupies
means protection to yourself. It means not only the protection
of vast business resources, but the maintenance of healthy
competition. The woman makes no wild guess who supports
home industry in opposition to the invasion of foreign monopoly
HARK STROISL Bay dty Market, 1138 to 1146 S ' SOLOM Grand Central Market ' Market
AAKk fcMOLSh, Bay City Market, 1138 to IU6 near Sixth.
IFOl M o r ro\F cc i' m oq« «, H.V f ™& m Stalls 94 ttt 10». California Market.
W^Plto'^^^^ ,o- - JOHN BAYDEI m Ninth Street. 525 Seventh street
HUfIMD & BRO., Justice Market, 33 and 3;> Fourth SCURAUER BROS., City Hall Market, 1142.1144 Market
Mrfet. " "■:■: ■•■-■"■■. - - Street. .
: ■ — . * - ' . ' oireeu
hours instead of nine. This information
caused great satisfaction among the car-
Den ters.
THE BREWERY FIGHT.
A Syndicate Brewery Is Probably
Selected for the Boy
cott.
Within a week the Brewery Workmen's
Union will probably announce the brew
ery selected to be boycotted. This will be
the first movement in the fight against the
Brewers' Protective Association for a rec
ognition of the union.
It was feared by a number of brewers in
the association that the Enterprise Brew
ery would be selected as the victim by the
union. In fact, the latter had cast its eye
upon this establishment, but several mat
ters induced a change in the plan.
One of the prominent union men said
last evening that a brewery has been
selected, but it is not the Enterprise. Tbe
reason the man gave is that this brewery
is filled with union workmen from the
lowest to the highest position, and
that the proprietors have frequently
manifested their friendship for the
union, even in the debates of the associa
tion. It is true that it has a large trades
union patronage, and there is no doubt,
the union believes, that this patronage
could be withdrawn in the event of a
boycott, yet the idea prevailed that it
would not be fair to strife a friendly
brewery by a boycott when there are seve
ral breweries in the City whose proprietors
are enemies of the union.
It has been rumored, also, that the
Broadway brewery was slated for the boy
cott, but the union men say that this
brewery bears the same friendly relation
to the union as the Enterprise and the
test will not be made upon it.
From the present appearance it looks as
though the brewery that has been selected
is one of the syndicate. A blow at one of
these would have a double effect. It is
believed that a boj'cott placed upon a brew
ery outside of the syndicate would cause
the latter to go to the front with the full
support of its wealth. But if a blow is
struck at a syndicate brewery the full sup
port of the outside breweries is a matter of
question with the union.
TRADES ALLIANCE.
i Increased Activity In Organizing
tha New Political
Party.
The Trades and Labor Alliance held its
regular weekly meeting last evening at
1159 Mission street.
William Edlin, the delegate from tbe
Jewi!-h branch of the Socialist Labor party,
was seated. As there were several vacan
cies in the executive committee, the fol
lowing were elected to fill the same:
11. Wolfe, W. Edhn, J. Fisher, A.
Felanc, J. Jorgensen and H. J. Gamma.
Instructions were given to the organiz
ing committee to endeavor to induce the
new Paper-hangers' Union to join the al
liance.
William Edlin was selected as press re
porter, to give such news to the daily press
as the alliance desires to have published.
J. Flanagan of Butte City, Mont., de
livered a short address, in which he im
pressed upon the alliance the importance
of the workingmen entering politics.
T. M. I. Open Meetings.
Borromean Council No. 129, Young Men's
Institute, Is arranging for a series of open
meetings to be he'd at the Mission. Music and
recitation will be included in each evening's
programme, but the special features will be
addresses on subject? of interest.
The first of these affairs will be held at Mis
sion Opera Hall nvxt Tuesday evening, on
which occasion Rev. P. E. Mulligan and FranK
McG'.ynn will speak. No admission will be
charged and an invitation Is extended tho
public to attend.
A Change of Kame.
La fociete Francaise d'Etiargnes et de Pre
voyance Mutueile, finding its name extremely
cumbersome and unwieldy and the cause of
much inconvenience, has petitioned the Su
perior Court to be allowed to change it to "The
French Pavings Bant." It is so known in busi
ness circles alresdy, the application states, and
the corporation prefers the name because it
conveys the purpose of the corporation to
those without a knowledge of the French
tongue as well as to the sons and daughters of
France. *• .
Our Duty to Cuba.
This is a world of comparative progress,
and freedom from Spain would be to Cuba
a long step in advance on the high road of
advancing civilization, says Senatoi Lodge
in the May Forum. The interests of hu
manity are the controlling reasons which
demand tho beneficent interposition of
the United States to bring to an end this
savage war and give to the island peace
and independence. No great nation can
escape its responsibilities. We freely
charge England with responsibility for
the hideous atrocities in Armenia. But it
is the merest cant to do this if we shirk
our own duty.
We have a' responsibility with regard to
Cuba. We cannot evade it, and if we seek
to do so, sooner or later we shall pay the
penalty. But the American pe<?rle, whose
sympathies are strongly with the Cubans
fi/hting for their liberties, will no longer
suffer this indifference toward them to
continue. If one administration declines
to meet our national responsibilities as
they should be met, there will be put in
power another administration which will
neither neglect -nor shun its plain duty to
the United States and to the canse of free
dom and humanity.
- — • — ♦ — •
In England there is only one place of
worship to about every 4000 persons.
AT THE BIER
OF A BOHEMIAN
The Funeral Services of
Henry D, Bige
low.
SOME PATHETIC SCENES
Tribute of a Lowly Newsboy
Who Was Overcome by
His Grief.
HIS POPPIES AND HIS SOBS.
A Wide Circle of Friends View the
Remains— "Petey" at Rest Beside
His Mother.
All day Wednesday ana all day Thurs
day there was a steady stream of visitors
to the establishment of Gray & Son, under-
takers. Persons of all ages and of various
creeds, countries and conditions called to
take a last regretful look at the deceased
journalist Henry D. Bigelow.
It was an uncommonly sorrowful scene
and proved conclusively how dear a spot
the dead Bohemian, connoisseur and epi
cure had filled in the hearts of his numer
ous friends and associates.
The obsequies, held yesterday afternoon,
were quiet and modest, with comparatively
little conventionality. Pathos, not pomp,
was a distinctive feature of the funeral,
the solemnity of which was not disturbed
by any undue ostentation. The remains
were lying in a handsome rosewood casket
covered and surrounded with roses, violets,
calla lilies, etc. A beautiful wreath of white
roses and carnations was the tribute of the
San Francisco Press Club, and from rela
tives and friends came a choice lot of cut
flowers of many hues and varieties.
The parlors were filled with ladies and gen
tlemen, among whom were William Keith,
the artist. Fred Marriott, T. J. Flynn. Dr.
Lustig, W. E. Dargie, Arthur McEwen, J.
N. H. Irwin, W. F. Bogart, A. E. Gould,
Roger Mayer, Emi!e\Cucuel, A. D. Smith,
Philip liastings, Robert Duncan Milne,
Lee McGown Jr. and many other men
well known in social and professional life.
The widow, heavily veiled, was present
with her two young sons, George and Fred,
Mrs. Bayliss, her mother, and Miss Maud
Bayliss of Oakland. The father and two
sisters of "Petey" Bigelow reside at Samp
sons Flat and could not be notified in
time to arrive in the City. His mother is
dead.
The Rev. Joseph Worcester, pastor of
the Swedenborgian church, read the burial
service and repeated the Lord's Prayer.
Then the casket was borne to the waiting
hearse, and followed by mourners and
friends was driven to Laurel Hill Ceme
tery, where the body of "Petey" Bigelow
was privately and sorrowfully laid to rest
in the grave beside his mother.
It was the intention of the Press Club to
be represented by pall-bearers and to con
tribute some music, but in consequence of
an oversight the idea had to be abandoned.
A pathetic incident that happened yester
day morning illustrates the popularity of
the deceased. A waif from the streets, a
little newsboy who had known "Petey"
and benefited by his generosity, came
into the parlors, looked long at the face of
the dead man, laid a bunch of esch
scholtzia reverently upon the casket, and,
sobbing as if his heart would break, walked
slowly out of the door.
FOR CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS.
Governor Budd Asked to Use Bis In
fluence Wherever Possible.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation is leaving no stone unturned to
effect the object for which it was organ
ized, the introduction and use of Califor
nia products in preference to goods and
products from the East and abroad. In
order to reach the chief executive of the
State upon this matter a letter was ad
dressed to him yesterday by the secretary,
in which it is asked:
Therefore on behalf of this association I
most respectfully beg that you will request
each.of the public institutions of the State of
Calirornia to submit their schedules to us that
we may suggest necessary changes (such
changes of course to be approved by the parties
in authority), and after the necessary changes
are made that they have new schedules printed
in accordance therewith.MUSIC DROVE THE CLOUDS AWAY.
Under the Arch of Evergreens in Haywards
the Concert Band Played On and
the Sunshine Came.
A NEW CONSTITUTION.
Important Amendments Made by
the Grand Council, Young
Men's Institute.
BANQUETIKG THE DELEGATES.
Lcyal Toasts Were Eloquently Re
sponded To, anl Wit and Song
Whilei Away the Hours.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 21.— The Y.
M. I. Grand Council was at work bright
and early at 9 o'clock this morning mak
ing new regulations for subordinate lodges
and amending the constitution so as to
have it conform to that of the Supreme
Council.
It is worthy of remart that up to this
year there were only two jurisdictions of
the Y. M. I, — the Atlantic and the Pacific.
Now there are seven jurisdictions, the
present Grand Council representing the
Pacific and the seven being represented by
a Supreme Council.
The order is but an infant in years yet
it has grown to giant proportions. That it
is founded on a basis of enduring pros
per ty Us history shows. Its greatest in
crease h^s been noted wherever its ene
mies have been the boldest and the most
numerous. It seems to thrive best when
persecuted the most.
The session did not close until nearly 7
o'clock in the evening, and the annual
election of grand officers was crowded over
into to-morrow, it being made the special
order for 10:30 a. m.
The banquet began at half-past 9 o'clock
this evening, and was one of the most
elaborate affairs of the kind ever wit
nessed in Huy wards. It refreshed the
beys exceedingly alter their long siege of
business, and they will rise in the morn
ing invigorated for their great battle of
to-morrow, the annual election.
One of the most enjoyable features of
the session was the excellent open air con
cert this afternoon. It awoke old Hay
wards as she had never been awakened
before, and the liberal and enthusiastic
applause which the band received demon
strated beyond a doubt that the people in
the early fruit belt are not only lovers oi
music but excellent judges of it as well.
At 9 o'ciocK to-morrow morning the
Grand Council will resume its delibera
tions. At half-past 10 the annual election
will be begun. At 2 o'clock, instead of
the open-air concert by the Oakland Con
cert band, there will be a dauce free for
all. In the evening Rev. P. C. Yorke will
deliver a lecture, the admission to which
will be 50 cents.
The only regrettable thing to-day was
the rain. It fell ail the morning in a mo- j
notonous drizzle, dripping dejectedly
from ihe awnings and the eaves and weep
ing disconsolately on the winaow panes.
It Kept many people residing in the neigh
borijood from visiting the town until in !
the afternoon the deep peaceful blue of a j
California sky drew aside the curtains of j
the clouds and let in the glorious sun- j
shins.
Now that the session is drawing to a
close it is fitting that the gentlemen who
have made all the arrangements should ,
be given the proper credit for their care
ful and conscientious work. They omitted
no detail, they spared no expense to make
the welcome of Haywards to the Y. K. I.
as freehearted as the most exacting
guests could require. The committee of
arrangements was composed of the fol
lowing named gentlemen:
F. B. Hooson (chairman), F. S. Terry
(secretary). J. E. Crooks (treasurer), Dr.
A. J. Powell, J. E. Geary, Ed Haas, John
Obermuller. Thomas Silva, Ed Green, B.
Liguori, William I'ann, G. is. Langan,
\V. J. Ramage, William Pimentel, S.
Simons, F. Burbridge, R. Reid, M. Ker
win, H. Garcia, P. H. Hoare, A. de Camp,
W. Zambresky, Bert Rose, J. J. McDon
nell, R. T. Lewis, A. V. Morgan, George
A. Oakes and C. W. Heyer.
AMENDING THE LAWS.
Important Changes and Additions
Made to the Constltu- '
tlon.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 21.-Whiie
there has been plenty of play for the dele
gates between sessions, there has been
t Noon Ye -te day the Memb rs of the Grand Cour»il, Y. M. 1., Marched From NS.G. W. Hall and Were Photographed in a Group by an Artist From the St. Loois Gallery , Third Street. San Francisco.
The Delegetes Were:
No. 1. Pioneer Council, San Francisco— E. I.
Sheehan and S. B. O'Keefe.
No. 2, San Jose— A. W. McCabe, W. T. Afrgler.
No. 3. San Francisco — Robert Shepstone, the
Rev. C. £. (/Neil.
No. 4, San Francisco— J. J. Green, J. Mc-
Laughlin.
No. 5, Stockton— J. H. Smith, J.T. Doyle.
No. 6, Oakland— J. J. Kennedy, R. H. Ham
mood.
mi. 7. San Francisco— James E. Britt, W. I.
Harrold.
No. 8, Oakland— Fred Realy, D. McCarthy.
No. 9, Petaluma— E. Counihan, J. F. Bunis.
No. 10, Saa Rafael— J. F. Manuey, Charles
McNeil.
very hard work during the season of
closed doors.
Owing to the creation of a Supreme
Council and the adoption by it of a consti
tution to govern the order all over the
country, it was necessary to change the
constitution of the Grand Council in order
to be in harmony with it. This involved
considerable preparation and study on the
part of the. "^council.
This being the first Grand Council held
by the Pacific jurisdiction of the Y. If. I.
since the organization of the Supreme
Council, it was necessary to name it so
that it might De '.dentitied as such in the
records of the order. Many members were
in favor of starting it with the number 1
and an appropriate name by which to des
ignate it from the hrst Grand Council.
After considerable discussion on the point
it was decided to adhere to the original
numbering and designate it as the
Twelfth Grand Council of the Tacitic Ju-
In the banquet hall, in the glow of paper lanterns and the dazzling flood from electric lights,
patriotic toasts were re-ronded to loyally and with enthusiasm. The open-air concert awakened
old -Ilaywards as she had never been awakened before.
j risdiction, a title which was deemed suf
| ficiently descriptive and in accordance
with the history of the order.
Considerable time in the afternoon scs
i sion was spent in the discussion over the
\ maintenance of the headquarters in San
! Francisco. It was decided to make an
allowance of $103 per month for this pur
pose.
The election of grand officers was made j
; the special order for to-morrow morning !
: at 10:30.
Telegrams of congratulation were re- !
reived from many parts of the Union, j
One was from Fred Kuene and D. B.
O Connell, grand president and grand sec- j
: retary of the Grand Council of Kentucky. ,
The Grand Council of Illinois in session •
, in Chicago, through D. T. Jennings, its !
' grand president, sent a telegram of con- I
gratulation to John J. McDade, supreme
president.
Dues for subordinate lodges were fixed
at a minimum of 50 cents per month.
The salary of the grand secretary was
fixed at $1500 per year and of the grand
treasurer at $JSO.
The otlice of chaplain was provided for
in subordinate councils.
John C. Geary of No. 91 of San Leandro
was seated in the council.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke presented the fol
lowing amendments to the constitution,
which were adopted unanimously:
ARTICLE X.
Section 1. A committee consisting of eight
members of the Y. M. I. P. .T.. shall be ap
pointed by tbe grand president within one
No. 11, Sacramento— Charles T. Hughes,
James Longshore Jr.
No. 12, Santa Cruz— T. J. Egan, Mathew
Michael.
No. 13, Vallejo— F. H. Lee, E. V. Williams.
No. 14, Los Angeles— l. B. Dockweiler.
No 16, flenieia— P. J. Carolim, William Doyle.
No 18, Marysville— E. W. Hunlon.
No 21, Napa— Tne Rev. M. I>. Slattery.
No. 23, San Diego— W. J. Sullivan.
No. 24, Alameda— F. W. Halley.
No. 25, Martinez— J. H. Fitzgerald, D. Corri
gan.
No. 27, Sacramento— H. A. Carrigher.
No. 29, Grass Valley— M. O'Conncll.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1806.
month after the adjournment of the Grand
Council.
Sec. 2. This committee shall be known as
the Lecture Bureau of the Y. M. I. P. J.
Sec. 3. It shall be the duty of this commit- j
tee: (c) To provide lectures on the explanation j
and defense of the Catholic religion and of the
rights and duties of Catholic citizens. (6) To
provide and circulate literature concerning
the same or similar subjects. (c) To bring ;
before the public the objects and principles of i
the Y. M. 1., and to defend or explain the same j
; when misrepresented or attacked.
Sec. 4. The term of office of the members of
I the lecture bureau shall be two years, pro- '
! vided, however, that four of ihe eight mem- :
bers first appointed shall retire at the expira
j tion of the first year.
Sec. 5. The four members to retire In 1897 |
j shall be designated by the grand president at ■
their appointment.
Sec. 6. The lecture bnreau shall frame such
rules and regulations as shall be necessary for
its government and for carrying out its objects
as aforeeaid.
- .7. The lecture bureau shall have power |
; to form subordinate bureaus for the purpose of I
i carryine out the -work of the lecture bureau, ;
' and shall have power to araw up constitutions i
i for said bureaus, to designate territory in
! which they may work, and to delegate fir j
I them such of its own powers as it may deem I
j necessary.
Sec. 8. The lecture bureau shall require
I that each council in the jurisdiction bhall
give at least one public lecture each year
i under the auspices of the bureau, the expenses
of which lecture shall be borne by said subor
dinate council, and any council which fails to
give ouch lecture shall forfeit the sum of
to the Grand Council.
Sec. 9. The Grand Council shall each year
provide a suflicient sum to meet the clerical
expenses and supplies of the lecture.
- 10. The lecture bureau shall have power
to raise a fund by subscription, entertainment
or otherwise, which shall onder no circum
stances De used for the ordinary running ex
penses of the bureau, but which shall be de
voted to the giving of supplementary lectures
and to the printing and distribution of litera
ture.
A motion was adopted providing for
chaplains for subordinate councils.
THE BANQUET.
An Elaborate Spread of Good
Thlnes and Eloquent
Toa3ts.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 21.— The Cas
tro-street Theater was the scene of the
Y. M. I. banquet this evening. The audi
torium had been elaborately decorated.
Paper lanterns of various colors and de
signs hung from festoons of cypress and
paper flowers ot gay hues and shed a soft
light amid the banners and streamers
which depended from the ceiling.
The room was occupied by three tables
extending its entire length. They were
covered with snowy linen and profusely
decorated with pyramids and fountains
of flowers, above which the scarlet cross of
tbe Y. M. I. arose as a reminder that even
in the hours of pleasure the members
should not forget that it was their duty to
No. 31, East Oakland— J. T. Corey.
No. 34, San Francisco— F. J. Driscoli T P
O'Bri'-n.
No. 85, Pan Francisco— H. J. McGlnnii.
No. 41, Virginia City— George IX Tyne, J G
Farrell.
No. 42, VaUonville— Edward Thompson, T.
J. Korean.
No. 43, Menlo Park— P. Princcvalie, William
Heaney.
No. 44, Oilroy— T. Maloney, J. Bruen.
No. 45, Sonoma— J. J. Kearny, the Rev M G
Why to.
No. 46, San Luis Obispo— L. F. Dorsey, T. J
McHenry.
propagate and defend the faith.
On the menu card were painted in the
appropriate colors the cross and the olive
branch, symbols of the order. The menu
was as follows: j
Y. M. I. liANQCET. :
Villa Hotel. Haywards, -
: Thursday jlvksin*;. May 21. 1896. :
1 M X X U. | i
• Eastern Oysters, ha'f shell. •
• Pol«ge, Terrapin. ;
: ItKIISHKS. •
••:•■- Olives, Pickles. Sanlelli, :
'. French Kolts. ;
: SALADS. ;
• Mayonnaise of Crab, Chicken, :
: Herrings. :
' botis COLD.
: Boned Turkey, aux Truffles. •
• r Spring Chicken. Dupee Ham, :
: ox Tongue.
: KNTRKMET9. '■ • I
If. /.:,-.$ Wine Jelly ala ilacedolne, ;
: Cake Ornamented, Tart*. |
• ice ihkah. :
: Vanilla. ;
: Lady Fingers, Fancy Cake, Macaroons, :
! J Fruit,
' Swiss and Koquefort Cheese, :
: coffee. Cigars.
California Hock, sauterne and Claret. :
The grand officers sat at the head, or
east end, of the hall, and Frank B. Hoo
son, the Haywards agent of The Call.
1 presided as toastmaster. On the stage
back of the grand offl©*W sat the Oakland
i Concert Band of sixteen pieces, discoursing
! some of the finest selections in its reper
toire.
After considerable headway had been
gained by the banqueters and the fogrs of
appetite had begun to lift sufficiently to
show the banqueters the smiling face of
the toastmaster toasts were declared to be
in order, and J. E. Crooks, the horticultural
humorist of Hay wards, was called upon to
respond to the first sentiment, that of
"The Ladies." Mr. Crooks was in his bap
pit-t vein, and kept his hearers, now
heartily applauding his gallant sentiments
and now convulsed with merriment at his
droll sayings. He is a natural born wit,
and has been the life of the party since the
assembling of the council.
After "The Ladies" came "The Native
Sons of the Golden West," appropriately
responded to by Dr. A. J. Powell, a Native
Son. He felicitously mentioned that the
majority of the delegates to the Y.M.I.
Council were native sons, and that the
toast was in its proper place, next to "The
Ladies," at the head of the list.
The honor of responding to "The Y. M.
I." fell upon James Gallagher, a delegate
from the vinelands of Fresno. Mr. Galla
gher is a bricht young lawyer and leading
citizen of that place and an eloquent
speaker. He told of the hum ble beginning
of the order, the meaning of its motto,
"For God and Country-" The fact that
they were members of the institute, he
said, was proof of the loyalty and patriot
ism of its members. This loyalty was not
composed of words. It dwelt in the bosom
of every member of the Y. M. 1., and every
member was ready to spring to the de
fense of this country against foes from
within or without, and to shed his blood
and lay aown his life, if need be, for the
perpetuation of the principles of the
American Republic.
No. 4.7, Livermore— M. G. Callaghan, J. W.
Toohey.
No. 5.V San Francisco— Dr. T. H. Morris.
No. 59. San Franci*co— Rev. I. c. Yorke,
Charles McCarthy.
No. 61, Castroville— John Whalen.
No. 64, Fresno— Henry Avila, James Gal
lagher.
No. 67. Eureka— Archie Canepa, L. E. Mahan.
No. 72. Sun Francisco —J. H. Pinkuam,
Thomas J. Doyle.
No. 74. Han Francisco— John Reidy.
No. 80, Carson City— J. Deignan, Rev. P. J.
Clyuo.
No. 83, Salinas-J. 11. Riley.
Mr. Gallagher's patriotic sentiments
were applauded to the echo.
"Our Sunny South" was represented by
I. B. Dockweiler of Los Angeles. He
spoke wittily as well as earnestly on this
theme, and paid Northern and Central
California the compliments befitting the
occasion.
Frank Kierce of San Francisco responded
feelingly to the toast, '•Our Past Presi
dents."
"The Twelfth Grand Council" was the
theme set for James E. Kenny, and he
acquitted himself admirably.
John McDade, one of the oldest and
most faithful members of the order, re
sponded to "The Supreme Council." .
"Faith and Fraternity" was the stirring
theme of which W. Stanley made the
most.
The response to "The Board of Direct
ors" was made by A. R. Denicke on be
' half of that body.
J. T. Greany responded to the toast
"California."
"Our Country" was the sentiment on
which Frank Murasky made a happy
sDeech brimful of patriotism. Mr. Mu
rasky is a line elocutionist and delivered
the stirring sentences in his aduresa in a
very effective style.
"Future of the V.M.1.," a subject of
I unlimited range, was handled by John
I Lynch. He made the most of his oppor
tunity, and the tabies rattled again and
again with the din of applause.
This completed the regular order of
toasts and volunteer sentiments springing
up from all quarters brought forth many
enthusiastic speeches.
It was an early hour before the banquet
was declared at an end.
SWEET MUSIC ROSE.
Open-Alr Afternoon Concert by the
Oakland Band.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 21.— The open
air concert by the Oakland Concert Band
of sixteen pieces was billed for 2 p. m., but
the warm rain fell drearily on the green
hills and the fat orchards that make Hay
wards one of the prettiest garden spots in
California, and the band waited for the
sunshine and the patches of clear blue sky,
which came about 3 o'clock.
The bandstand was a streetcar under
the big aich of evergreens. George H.
Richardson, the leader, occupied the con
ductor's station, the appropriate place for
him, while the young man with the bass
drum thumped away in the place where
the car-driver is wont to whack the Hay
wards carhorse with a bull whip.
The population came out upon the side
walks and sat at the neighboring windows
where they could hear the music.
Chairs were set in front of the leading
places of business for the accommodation
of the pretty girls, and they iormed a bou
quet of beauty that was admired by the
visitors more than the music.
The programme was carefully made up,
the popular and catchy airs of Balfe and
Bailey being interspersed with choice bits
! from the more studied compositions of
Wagner, Guonod and Rossini. The solos
were exceptionally well played, the clar
ionet, cornet, trombone, barytone and xylo
phone being applauded by the loud clap
! ping and encores of hundreds of people.
The concert was sadly missed by the
! delegates, they being in session in Native
Sons' Hall until nearly 7 o'clocK in the
evening. The following is the programme
of music:
"Erinneroncr an Tannhauser" • R. Warner
' Overture, '• Jlirella" Charles Gounod
| Kecltallon and aria from "Bohemian Girl"...Balfe
(Barytone solo played by i l.ar Dittmar Jr.)
I Concert waltz. "Anf Wiedersehn"... K. Bailey
"Irish Patr01"..... ...'... ; Pnei-ner
1 Clarionet solo, "Kantagma" Pemberton
(Performed by Amos Bangle.)
"American Patrol" Meacham
Ovprture, "fcalute to Erin" Coates
! Comet solo. "Tramp. Tramp" Kolllnson
(Performed by William Mabood.)
Grand selection, "The Night Owls" Beeker
(Introducing xylophone solo by George Blake.)
' Ana, "Cujus Am mam" Rossini
(Played oil trombone oy Arthur 3. Morey.)
Concert galop, ••l»yuamite" AJuller
The same band will play for the dance
at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
— ■ . ■ .
IN HONOR OF A BRIDE.
Post-Nuptial Reception Tendered
to a Newly Wedded
Couple.
Delightful Welcome Home for Mrs. S.
M. Hall— The Gun and Rod
Sec ety Entertain.
Captain. E. C. Genereaux and wife,
daughter of George F. Weeks, editor of
the Californian, who were married at
Bakerslield on April 29, returned from
their wedding trip in Southern California
on Monday last, and on Wednesday even
ing, as previously announced, were the
guests of honor at a reception given by
the groom's mother, at her residence, 715
Webster street. The rooms had been
most beautifully decorated for the occa
sion with ferns and flowers arranged iv an
artistic manner.
The bride and groom were stationed in
a bower of blossoms and greenery, where
they received the hearty congratulations
No. 86, Port Costa— James Ahem, John J.
Tobin.
No. 91, Pan Leandro— William L. Gill.
No. 94. Ferndale— John W. Early.
No. 115, Hay wards— F. B. Hooson.
No. 125, Centerville— J. T. Coffaney, M. J.
Souza.
No. 129, San Franci6Co— Rev. P. E. Mulligan,
R. J. Dowdall.
Ho. 153, Madera— J. M. Griffin, Rober:
Butler.
No. 304, Monterey— Rev. R. M. Mestres.
No. 308, Santa Kosa— J. Brophy, John Plover.
No. 310, Oceaa View— J. H. Maloney, T. A.
Sullivan.
of their host of friends, who thronged the
houae from early in the evening until long
past midnight. The numerous lovely and
handsome presents were displayed in a
room specially fitted up for them.
Music, singing and dancing served to
niie the hours away until near midnight,
when a most appetizing supper was served m
»c billiard-room. It was a late hour before
the guests departed, haviDg overwhelmed the
newly married couple with the heartiest
wishes for a long and happy married life.
Among those present were: Rev. and Mrs.
E. J. Linn, Mr. and Mrs. G. T. Weeks, Mrs. B. C.
Genereaux, Miss Genereaux, Mrs. D. Wooster,
Mrs. Babcoek, Mr. and Mrs. Fisher, Mrs. Del
worth. Mrs. Uilroy, Miss Gilroy, Mrs. McAvity,
Mr. and Mrs. Follansbee, Mrs. Mathews, Miss
Mathews, Mr. and Mrs. DUbrow, Mrs. Dugel->he,
Miss Dugelshe, Mrs. Martin, Miss Martin, Mrs.
Lang ton. Miss Langton, Miss Adabelle Langton,
Mrs. Newell, Mrs. lienuet;, Mr. and Mrs. Brags.
Miss Daisy Drake, Miss Susie liall, Miss Nellie
Fulton, Miss Ida Windham, Miss Alma Mitchell,
Mi*s Follansbee, Mr. and Mrs. J. Kairweather,
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Fairweather, Mr. and Mrs.
Duffy, Mrs Nougues, Mrs. R. Rohlfls, Mrs.
I), lngraham, Mr. and Mrs. Rush, Mrs. Lies,
Mrs. Cothey, Mrs. G. H. Crafts, Mrs. and Miss
E. Brown, "Mrs. Loretta Brown, Miss E. Pro
vost, Miss Eva Fairweather, Miss Blanche
Fairweather, Miss Alice Fairweather, Miss
Mabel Fairweather, O. J. Bates, Mr.
Burtis, G. E. Bennett, Mr. Snowdgrass, T.
Greenfield, A. Foilansbee, c. Mitchell, T. Rose,
W. Rohlfis, R. Crafts. R. Mcl.ane, Mr. Knolton,
R. Mitchell, W. Martin, F. Martin, A. lngalste,
N. Fairwealher, Dr. t'hali'ant, Ed Christenseu,
S. Fairweather aud others.
One of the events of the past week was the
rose luncheon given on Thursday by Mrs.
Henry Coffin at her cnarming aud artistic
home on Devisadero street. The decorations
fur the most part were graceful groupings of
maidenhair ferns, interspersed with La France
roses. The daintily spread table was orna
mented by quaint silver plate and rare piece?
of porcelain, heirlooms of the family. Covers
were laid fur twelve. Mrs. S. M. Hall, a pioneer
resident of San Francisco, was the guest oi
honor, the lunch being given as a "welcome
home" to her on her return from Baltimore,
Me., where she had been visiting for 6ix
months.
A cruising party was given last week by the
Gun and Rod Society. When off Mare Island
luncheon was served on board. The guests
were as follows: Miss Anah Appiarius, Nelson
Warren, Miss Freda Appiarius, Malcolm H.
teed, Miss May Henderson, G. Thomas, Miss B.
Williams, Professor Cullen, James Melbourn,
Miss Florence Cooper, Miss Camilla Cortez,
William Cooke, Miss H. Johnson, Miss Mira
Richards, George Blake and J. Langton Bryce.
Mrs. Thomas "Rivers has tendered the use of
her beautiful residence and spacious grounds
on the Hayes-street hill to the ladies oi Sacred
Heart Parish, and a tea will be given under
their auspices on the "JBth inst. for the benefit
of the new church building fund.
A farewell party -was tendered to Messrs.
Harry Attwood, George Vause, J. Harris, Nor
man Morgan and James Denny of the "R. M.
&. Mariposa" previous to their departure for
Australia, at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Stockton, 205J; Tehuma street, on
Wednesday evening April 29. The following
ladies and gentlemen were present: Mr. and
Mrs. Erneht Llnrtaner, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Butler, Mr. and Mrs. Newman, Miss Virginia
<"Hliobotta, Miss Kelly, Miss M. Gardiner, Miss
Kate O'Brien, Mi;S Juliette Johnson, Miss
Emiua Lindaner, Miss Reams, Miss Bradley,
Miss Gibson and Miss Ruby Stockton, Messrs.
R. Leigh, George W. Sherman, Harry Branton,
Vincent N. Smith, Frank Mann, Harry Page,
James McManus, James Denny, Harry Att
wood, George Vause, Norman Morgan, J.
Harris and Harry Stockton.
The wedding of Miss Catherine O'Reilly and
Andrew Cassldy took place on May 2, at St.
Rose's church. J. E. Glover of Santa Cruz
acted as best man and Miss Theresa Martiu as
bridesmaid. After an enjoyable wedding sup
per and theater party the happy couple started
ior Portland on their weddiug tour.
A surprise party was given to Mr. Charles
Stern by his sister. Miss Sophie Stern, at her
residence, l-3ti Golden Gate avenue. Those
present were: Miss Sophie Stern, Miss Carrie
Harris, Miss Hattie Harris, Miss Tassie David
son, Miss Gussie Abrahams, Miss Ettie Good
man, Miss Rosie Alltmon, Mlm Beckie
Schwartz, Miss Ray Pechner, Miss Ida Levy,
Miss Flora isle, Miss Emma Isic,
Miss Josie Isic, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Schwar'z, Mr. and Mrs. P. Jacobs of Reno, Nev.,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Samuelson, M'ss E. Stern;
Messrs. Charles Stern, Leon Schwartz, Ralph
Levy, Harry Schwartz, George Leepman, Ar
thur Ilershneld, Benjamin Harris, Lonnie
Mendelson, David Harris, David Frank, L.
Uyman.
The evening was spent pleasantly in danc
ing, vocal music aud ull kinds of games until
a late hour. Charles Stern was very much sur
prised when he entered the room.
Colonel H. B. Bristol, U. S. A., and wife and
Mrs. William T. Carpenter of San Francisco are
guests at the Cataract House, Niagara Falls,
N. Y.
The engagement is announced of Dr. Ralph
C. Colemuu to Miss Hattie Newman. They will
be pleased to see their friends on the first Sun
day in June from 2 to 5, at 1321 Devisadero
street.
B. D. Pike and family have changed their
residence from 1909 Buchanan street to 1915
Pierce, between California and Sacramento.
Eugene Levy has returned to the City after
attending the Grand Parlor of the N. S. Q. W.
at San Luis Obi»po and sojourning at El Paso
de Robles Springs.
Major Hooper has not taken the Williams cot
tage at Burlingame, as previously announced.
The place is still up for rent and is in the
hands of Baldwin & Hammond.
Mrs. Robert Porter and MissEli/abeth Porter
of Humboldt County are guests of Mrs. Frank
J. Connelly, ti3".2 Haieht street. They will soon
visit Paso Robles Springs.
Mr. and Mrs. Baker and family, accom
panied by Mrs. J. H. Veghte, were among the
visitors at the San Jose Fiesta.
Mrs. E. Meyer, accompauied by her daughter
Miss Clara Meyer and Miss Florence Bock, vis
ited Heaidsburg during the tioral carnival.
Ross E. Bunu, wife and daughter, William A.
Dean and wife. Captain McCielian, Dr. It. H.
Plumcr and wife, Dr. C. Cushing, Mrs. Charles
West and daughters, Mrs. McCormack and
daughter and Mrs. James D. Phelan of Sun
Francisco are among those registered at Paso
Robles.
Mrs. A. P. Brayton and Mrs. J. A. Folger of
Oakland will spend a few weeks at Paso
Robles.
Mrs. P. Lehaney of 308 Twelfth street has
arrived in Providence, R. 1., on a visit to reia
tives.
11. B. Spaulding aud wife of San Francisco
are enjoying a short vacation at White Oak
Farm, 60110111 a County.
The Misses Martha L. and Eleanor B. Stryoker
of San Leandro left for New York Wednesday,
May 13, where they will spend some time vis
iting relatives.
J. T. Donaldson, a prominent farmer and
stock-raiser of Monterey County, is visiting
his folks in this City. Mr. Donaldson intends
remaining here for several months, after wiiich
he will visit relatives in the East.
Miss Frances Browns tein, Mrs. G. Ptiteel and
son will arrive from New York on Wednesday
evening. They are residing at 902 O'Farrell
street.
Mr. and Mrs. Gus Rozencrnnz have re turned
from San Rafael aud have taken rooms ut the
Van Dyke, 399 Powell street.
Miss Nettie Price of Sacramento is visiting
her uncle, Jacob Levison of this City, grand
secretary of the I. O B. B.
A. C. Bassett of Menlo Park Is at the Sea
Beach, Santa Cruz, trying his luck at salmon
tishim.
James Jerome and wife, Miss Stella Jerome,
H. Hughes and wife, C. S. Frost, William B.
Foster and wife, R. S. Culverwell, H. A. Rosen
quUt, F. Luchenbach and wife, W. J. Monro,
Charles C. Harding and wife, Mrs. F. Witten
berg, George U. Mendell Jr. and Edward J.
Kf.ittield, wile and child were among the San
Francisco arrivals at the Sea Beach during the
past week.
Chancellor L. Jenks of Chicago is the guest
of his son, Livingston Jenks, the attorney, at
the Berkshire. The object of his visit is to be
present at his son's marriage to Miss May
H ailey. which is announced for June 2.
INSECTS OF LIGHT.
Some Give Off Sufficient Illumination to i
Head By.
A widely circulated work on the natural |
wonders of sea and land says gravely that
there are many insects that furnish a far |
superior light to our own lampyris or fire '
fly, called by children "lightning bug."
The great lantern tly of India can supply
a light which is quite strong enough to
read by. in this instance the light ema
nates from the head, instead of from the
lower body, as in the firefly.
In the Antilles the coloeptera, the fire
bus; of that region, is of great use, being
employed in place of lamps by the poorer j
people. In Cuba it is the* custom of |
women to inclose these insects in glass
cages, where they emit light enough to
work by.
Travelers there also, when passing
through the wood by night, affix a tire
beetle to each of their feet, by which their
way is fairly light. The Creolea are given
to the practice of deftly arranging these
luminous insects in their bair, where they
produce a dazzling effect superior to jew
els. The negresses at their national dances !
scatter them over their airy garments, I
when, in their luminous movements, their j
bodies assume the appearance of being
robed in flames.
•— ♦ — •
A general, simultaneous censns of the
world for the year 1900 is asked for by the
International' Statistical Institute. It can
be taken, if slight modifications in the
time of their regular censuses are made by
the chief countries in the world.
SUNSET DISTRICT HAPPY
Resolutions of Gratitude
Framed for the Board of
Supervisors.
An Appropriation for the Establish
iaent of Street Grades and
Sewers.
An enthusiastic meeting of the grati
fied property-owners was held last even
ing in Sunset district, south of Goiden
Gate Park. The following resolutions
were with great enthusiasm unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, The petition of the residents and
property-owners of Sunset district |for an ap
propriation of .$ 11,000 for the establishment ol
grades and a sewerage system, and an outlet
for the same, has been granted by the Board
of Supervisors and the City Engineer has tx>en
directed to make the necessary examin.itiouß,
surveys, map* and proniesof said work; and
whereas, through this action of the honor
able Hoard of Supervisors the growth of the
district will no longer be retarded, therefore
be it
Resolved, That the thanks of the grateful
people ot Sunset district are hereby tendered
to the honorable Board ot Supervisors ior Ha
kind and just treatment in making the appro
firiation that will give us the so necessary re
ief.
Whereas, We recotruize the fact that
through the untiring efforts of the Hon. A. h.
Spreckels, Supervisor of the Tenth Ward, the
honorable Board of Supervisors has granted
the Droperty-owuers of Sunset district the so
much desired relief by establishing grades and
a sewerage system in the same, therefore be it
Hcsohed, that the heartfelt thanks of the
grateml people of Sunset district are hereby
tendered to the Hon. A. B. Spreckels for his
kind action in their behalf.
Whereas, The people of Sunset idstrict have
been greatly assisted by the personal efforts of
the Hon. Thomas Ash worth, Superintendent
of Btraeta, Highways and Squares, urging the
honorable Board of Supervisors to immediately
grant their request for the establishment of
grades and a sewerage system in said district,
and to take the appropriation therefor out of
the funds of the Street Department to prevent
the destruction of their property and the dam
age to their health in the future; therefore,
be it
Resolved, That the thanksof the grateful peo
ple of Sunset district are hereby tendered to
the Hon. Thomas Ashworth for his prompt ac
tion in behalf of the welfare of said district
and its inhabitants.
Committees were selected to arrange for
a grand mass-meeting of the grateful prop
erty-ownera in the near future to celebrate
the first step toward the advancement of
Sunset district.
Obeyed Order*.
An Irish member of the Sixth Regiment
of South Carolina Infantry was stationed
on the beach of Sullivaus Island, with
orders to walk between two specified pointa
and let no one pass without giving the
countersign. He was one of those soldiers
who beliesed in obeying orders to the let
ter. Two hours after Hugh had thus been
stationed (he corporal with the relief ap
peared in the moonlight, and was aston
ished to see Hugh; walking to and fro
up to his waist in water. The tide had
come in.
"Who goes there?" demanded the senti
nel.
"Relief," answered the coeporal.
"Halt, relief! Advance, corporal, and
give the countersign."
"But I am not coming in there to be
drowned. Come out and let me relieve
you."
•Never a bit," said Hugh. "The liften
ant told me not to leave me post."
"Well, then," said the corporal, starting
to move away," "you may stay there ali
night."
"Half." thundered the sentry. "I'll put
a hole in ye if you pass without the coun
tersign," and he cocked and leveled the
gun.
"Confound you and the lieutenant,"
answered the corporal. "Everybody will
1 hear it if I bawl it out to you."
"Vis, me darling, and the liftenant said
it must be given in a whisper. In with ye;
i me finger's on the trigger."
There was nothing for the corporal to do
; but to wade out where the faithful sentinel
stood.
"Be jabers," said that worthy, "it'a
well you've come ! The dhirty tide has al
most" drowned me." — Toronto Catholic
Register. _.___.
The harD is believed to have been used
in Scotland before the introduction of the
bagpipe, though that is of considerable an
tiquity. The latter instrument is remark
able as being known to the most distant
times and nations.
The cinnamon gardens of Ceylon ara
said to have an area of 12,000 acres.
NEW TO-PAT. _______
One as good
as another*
It is easy to say that
one preparation is as
good as another, and it
is easy to waste money
by buying something
you know nothing
about — and receiving
no benefit* When the
body is weak and you
want to give it strength,
when health is failing,
what wisdom' is there
in experimenting with
a substitute, when for
a few cents more you
, can buy the original
I article? For more than
twenty years Scott^s
Emulsion has been the
| standard Cod-liver Oil
emulsion* It contains
more pure Norwegian
Cod-liver Oil than any
other emulsion in the
world, and will stand
I the test of time as
being a perfect, insep-
arable emulsion* You
can't afford to take a
[substitute for &♦
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
M'MBIAKY OF THE MAl.Kl.lv
Sugar lower.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley weak.
oats and Corn quiet. Rye lower.
New Wild Oat Hay arrived. .
Bran and Middlings firm.
Potatoes easy. Onions firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Slight variations in Vegetables.
No chance in Poultry.
Cherries and Strawberries firm.
Oranges lower.
Provisions unchanged. Hides firm.
Wool quieter.
OVKiaASD SIIII'MKXTS.
Overland shipments of merchandise and prod
uce from Northern and Central California In April
via Southern Pacific lines were 29.6H3 tons,
as follows: From San Francisco, 18,15.! tons: Oak
land, 1128; Ban Jose, 1731: Stockton. 3128; bacra
lniTito and East, 4766; Mnrysvine, 718.
The leading items were: 661 tons Beans, 423 do
Borax, 60.500 pals Bran.lv. 1,68 ',('OO do \\ liie.
1009 tons Canned Goods, '-'238 do Dried J-rults. 994
do Kaisins, 15 do Nuts. 33 do Honey, lido "ops.
159 do Hay. 137 do Hides. 330 do Leather, 77 do
Potatoes, 758 do Vegetables, 485 do Powder, lb
do Quicksilver, 964 do Wool, 57 do Canned Salmon,
IS do Pickled salmon, 288 do Coffee, 107 do Kice,
80 do Tea and 8705 do .-near.
Explanation.
fPft* arrow fliea with tb» wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature {or the
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount o!
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. 'ma
word "hish" means Inch ! arometru 1 pressure and
Is usually h.-. omoanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and i» usually preceded
an 1 accompanied by cloudy weatherand rains.
"liOWi"* usually first appear on the Washington
coast. \Vn:n the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in i he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of tliese conditions
%1.l produce an opposite result-
WEATHKK BIKKAU RKPtKI.
United States Detartmknt of Aoricdi^
tube, Weatiieb Bcbeau, San Fbancisco, May
21, 1896, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last sea*on:
Eureka r.0.98, last ,-eason 41.94: Red Bluff 21. 89,
Li-: >• a-.oij "J9.'J6: San I'ranclsco 20.97, !a3t sea
.'.4l: Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: san
Luis Ohispo 17.70, last season 'J5.93: Loa Angeles
9.;i8, last season 16.10: san Diego 5.92, last sea
son 12.20; Varna -BS, last season 3.01.
following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from itatiom :n California duri'g
tin past twenty-four noura: Kurrka 53, Red Bluff
*'i). Francisco 61. Fresno 74. San Luis Obispo
70, I' w A ' -'■ lea 70, san Diego 66, Vuma 86.
■ ata — Maximum temperature 61,
mil. ni' im 5-, mean .t6.
Dfalls are reported in California
the pis- 'J4 hours: Eureka ,'JO, Red BlurT
- in Francisco .b3, Fresno trace, San Luis
I .06.
real ire has fallen g-enerally over the west
ern hulf of i he country during the '-'4 hours. It is
! ! lit- normal over the northern half of the
Pa' itic slope, aurl about normal In the southern
haii The pres<i.rf distribution is rattier even,
there v»:ii^r DO pror.onneed hieh or low areas. The
Pacific -i-Mhoard to-night
San DlegO and the lowest 29.82
and Portland.
temperature has fallen slightly in the north
ern |an of California an<l has risen from 10 to 14
Son. F.lsewher*> it has re
r Over Ut:ih, Nevada and
Northeastern California the temperatures are from
11 1024 lexrees i^lo-.vthe normal. The weather
is very warir. to-night throuclioiu Washing- on and
: maximum temperatures of
over 70 degreea are reported.
Rain has ia len over California north of Fresno
and south a!onn the coast to san Lull Obispo. The
hi ftviest rainfall ocenrred m this city. A thunder
-. reported at Rosf-htirg.
Forecasts maile at San Francisco for thirty hours
midnight, May 23, 1^96:
Northern California— Rain Thursday night and
Friday morriing; fair Friday: warmer in northern
]■< r Ion; southerly winds, becoming westerly ; fog
: lie ■ oast,
southern California— Cloudy tc-nltrhtand Friday;
probably iiyht showers In the northwestern por
!i: liKlit BOnthw -s^rly winds.
Nt vuda— Li^tit showers Friday In northern por
tion.
Utah— Cloudy Friday and probably light showers
Friday n::;h; . '.vurmer.
Arizona- Cloudy Friday.
~a:i FraodßOO and vi< inlty— Li^ht rain to-night
and Friday n.orni lit;: fair Friday; wermer Friday
Dlfth! ; :rt sli southwesterly winds; fog on the coas.
Friday morn ing. Aikxaniper v. hcASZB,
Ix>cal Forecast olliciai.
m;h vokk markets.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 21.— The manner In
which the stock market opened this morning was
disappointing to the central run of traders, ho
were confident that the sport in Suearjust previ
ous to the close of business yester.iay would be
1 followed by a further advance this morning. The
sfck, instead of moving up, ran off rapidly from
1225/ B to i'-l ":4- This movement, however, had
no appreciable influence on the general list, which,
after yielding fractionally, developed considerable
strength. Manhattan was an exception, selling off
nearly a DOint to loin's, while Metropolitan Trac
tion advanced nearly as much, riling to 109S/ 8l the
highest price tor some time. As the day wore
along the bulls displayed increased confidence,
end bid up prices all alone the line. The operation
was not adifilcultone because of the comparatively
large outstanding abort Interest. Rumors gained
circulation that a statement would he made by the
foremost Republican candidate, In which he would
declare himself in favor of the gold standard. On
this there were considerable purchases to cover.
Sugar advanced from 1213 /4 ,to 123%, and Man
hattan from 101% to 1031/2- while the remainder
of the list improved anywhere from 1/4 10 1 per
cent.. Final quotations were within a fraction of
the best figures of the day. Net changes show
pains of >i!<j, s /i. Sugar leading. Total sales were
143.1L0 shares. Speculation closed firm in tone.
Bonds were firmer and higher. Sales footed up
$1,035,000. Kansas and Texas seconds rose 114
to 60: Missouri, Kansas and Eastern fives, 1 to 92;
Pittsburg and Western fours. 1 to 76.
In Government bonds $1000 coupon fives
brought 112%.
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, easy: Winter wheat, low grades,
f 1 7f)fe2 90: do fair to fancy, $2 50r<£M 65; do pat
ents, $3 7f>@4: Minnesota clears. $2 50($3 10; do
straits, $36j,3 50: do patents, $3 45@4 30; low
extras, $1 76(d2 90; city mills, $4 10&4 20: do
patents, $4 30(54 50: rye Hour steady. $2 60@3 60
-mi crime. $2 2 'J5: fine, $1 75@2 10. South
ern tiour.dull, steady; common 10 fair extra, f2 30
f.i 40; good to choice, %2 90@3 20. Rye flour,
dull, easy: $2 40<$'J 50.
CORNMEAL— Steady: yellow Western, % 2 06®
2 10: Brandywine, $2 50.
RYE— Nominal; No. 2. 44(4441)40: State. 46c.
BARLEY— Quiet; ungraded Western. 39@41c
BARLEY MALT— Quiet; Western. 47@53c.
WHEAT— DuII, weaker: t. o. b. 74 3 c to arrive;
ungraded red, 65@75c; No. 1 Northern, .70 Vie to
arrive.
I Outions advanced VaC'iA'ac on firmer cables, for
eign baying, better west and local covering: fell
1 ' a&lty&c «i'l' lne West and on free loc*l liquida
tions, closing weak at %@lc. under yesterday.
July and September most active. No. 2 red, May.
esy-c: June, 67Ts<*; July, 673ic; September,
674£ c: December, b93/sc.
" CORN— DuII, easy. No. 2, 35 Vic, elevator; 36y8C,
all oat. * "
Options dull, irregular and easier with the West.
July and September most active; May and June,
SSVBC: July. 35s/ 8 c: Septemter, 3634 c.
DATS— Steady. „„,,
Options dull, easier. May, 24y 8 c; July 24»/ c.
Bpot prices: No. 2, 24 Vic: No 2 white 258,4 c;
No. Chicago, 2MAc; .No. 3, 23% c; No. 3 white.
24 : ■: mixed Western. '*b(g,2t>c; white do and
white State. '2ti@'2Hc.
FEED j;i:A.N-r>ora.6sc.
MIDDLINGS— 6S&7UC.
KVE-r tea, buc.
' visions.
BEEF — Quiet; family. *9@10.' extr. mess,
S7®B: beef hams dull, $14 60@15; tierced oeef
Inactive; <lty extra India mess, $IS@ls: en'
meats dull, weak, unchanged; pickled bellies, 12
pounds, 4Vi«: do shoulders, 4yi(di\ 2 c; do bam.-,
L\RD— Depressed, lower; -Western steam, *4 60
<S4 65- city, *4 15: May. »4«5. Refined, dull,
lower: continent. 5: south American. *.•> 40: com
pound, 41-'Hfa^4V2C.
PORK—Wisak, quiet; old mess, «8 60@9; new
mess, $9 -'6(g-9 75.
BUTTKR— Moderate demand; State dalrv. B(a)
15c; do creamery. ll@15c: Western dairy, 7@llc;
do creamery. ll@15c; do held, 9@llc; do factory,
7@lo<-; Kleins, 16c; Imitation, lO@l2c
CHEESE— Limited demand: state large, old, 6
@9y 2 c: do new. 6ii(a.7Vgc: part skims, old, »@
4V2C: do, new, 2@sc; full sklm.s, 2yjc.
K(;G?»— Firm, steady; State and Pennsylvania,
ll@12c: Western fresh, 9y 2 @Uc; do, per case,
$ 1 5U@2 55. „ , ,
TALLOW— Lower, weak, active; city, 3c bid;
country, B(a3Va c - "--fit,""" 5 -
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, weak: crude, 21c;
yellow, prime. 25c; do off grades, 2434 c.
RESIN— Easy; strained, common to good, 91 80
irA 85.
TURPENTINE-Steady: 26®26y»c.
POTATOES— Quiet; old. eo@7oc; Bermudas, $2
@2 40; Southern, $1 35@1 40.
" RlCE— Fair demand. Domestic, fair to extra, 3
@ss,ic; Japan. 4<o4V4C.
MuLAS-ES— Finn; New Orleans open Kettle.
good to choice, 27@3Vc
COFKEK— Unchanged to 5 points up. June,
$12 50; July. *12 05@12 10; Atieust. $1150;
September, ?11 05; October, .*lO 75; December,
910 35@10 40: March. $10 *0. Spot Rio dull,
easier; No. 7, 14ygC „ ,
SUGAR — Raw, steady, quiet; fair refining,
3Vbcf> tb; centrifugals. 96 test. 4c "£ lb: refined,
quiet: on A. 4 11-16(a;4i 4 c: mold A.63/ 8 c; standard
A, 5y 8 c; confectioners' A, sc; cut loal and
crushed, 534 c: powdered A, 6 11-16 c; granulated,
oVkc: cubes, BSgc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS— Market bare.
WALNUTS— NominaI.
APRICOTS— Bags. 8*/ 3 (310c.
PEACH PeeIed, %* tt>, 10®12c; do on
pefleo. 6@7c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose muscatel. 3c; three
crowu do, 4@4' 2 c: four-crown do, 4V2®sc: Lon
don layers do, 90c@$l.
HOPS— Quiet: ate common to choice, 2va@Sc:
Pacific Coast. 2 1 , 2 c - „, „ „
WOOL— Quiet: domestic fleece, 16@21c; pulled,
16@33c; Texas, 7&12&
Slerchandise.
PIG IRON— Active. American, *10 75@1S 50.
COPPER— Finn: lake. Sllitfill 25.
LEAD- Easy; domestic. *S 021^@3 03.
riK— Steady: straits. $U» 55(0,13 66; plates
moderate demand.
fcPELXEK-Steady: domestic $4 12Vi-
CUICAtiO MARKETS
CHICAGO. lv., May 21.— State of Michi
gan has come an interesting and active factor
in the wheat market. Yesterday and to-day the
speculative eye was watching the developments
in that direction, and speculators were prepared to
take their inspiration from the news received
therefrom. Damage reports have been plentiful,
but whether the trouble was general or whether it
was confined to spots the future must determine.
The Hessian fly is ths cause of the trouble, but
many persons qualified to speak claim that this
Insect works erratically and Its damage is entirely
of a local character. However, the price of wheat
was Improved to-day by the renorts.
The Cincinnati Price Current issued a rather
bullish summary of wheat crop conditions for the
week. Receipt* at Chicago were three cars and
41,614 bushels were taken from store. The North
west had 274 cars, against 273 last Thursday and
163 a year ago. Liverpool cables were up i.4d in
sympathy with the yesterday strength of Ameri
can markets. At noon the market gave evidence
of weakness, and from that time to the close prices
declined steadily. Early buyers sold out and
short sellers assumed an aggressive attitude.
Benin and Paris closing cable* were higher, Ant
werp was unchanged. Atlantic seaboard clear
ances were fair at 272.518 bushels. July wheat
opened from 62 ",4 cto 6'J3' c. sold between tJ'-^ic
anil 60% c, closing at 60X' B (a6lc. lygc under yes
terday. Estimated receipts tor to-morrow eight
cars.
CORN — There was nothing new to report in corn.
The market was dull and the tone mostly a sym
pathetic one. Receipts were light at 17'- cars and
the output from store heavy at 390,267 bushels,
but these fuels attract no attention in face of the
knowledge that the country is full of corn, which
farmers have held back in the vain hope of belter
prices. Liverpool cables were steady.
The Cincinnati Price Current reported the out
look for the corn crop encouraging. Export clear
ances were 290,237 bushels. July corn opened at
29"/2(5(295,;,c. sola between 30c and 293/sc, closing
at -!»:'.," -:•■ -j<\ 1 ;; 'a-' ±<- uuder yesterday. Esti
mat- d receipts for to-morrow 236 cars.
OATS— What was true of com was applicable to
oats. The market was dull and featureless, and
the motion of prices was governed by that of
wheat. Receipts were 185 cars, and '-'22,544 bush
els were taken from store. Export clearances
were 61,380 bushels. The Cincinnati Price Cur
rent made reference to an encour:iring outlook for
the oat crop. July Oats closed Ys&ViC under yes
terday. Estimated receipt ; for to-morrow, 240
cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash. 88V2C bid; July,
S.'iVijc; September, 87c. Receipts, 18 cars.
PROVISIONS — ty*M not strong, having to con
tend with a weakening Influence of a lower hog
market. Early, however, they were assisted in
the belter feeling of the grain markets, being
enabled to make a slight gain in price thereby.
When wheat, corn and oats took a declining course
provisions were left without support and the early
gain was lost, additional depreciation also taking
place. July pork closed 20(jn;22V2 c under yester
day: July lard 15c lower: July ribs s@7Vz>-' lower.
BUTTER— The butter market held steady to
day. Fine goods were in good demand arid stocks
were well cleaned up. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14Vic: sec
onds. ll@13c: imitations, fancy. lKjSlL'c. Dairies
— Extras, 13c; firsts. 10@llc; seconds. 9c asked.
Ladles— Extras, 9@loc; firsts. B@BV^c; packing
slock, 7c asked.
EGGS — Were steady. The supply was moderate
and much of the poor stock had disappeared.
Fresh slock B@9c ? dozen.
MONEY— Was b% on call and (i@7X on time
loans. New York exchange sold at $1 premium.
« 10-ini; Prices.
WHEAT— May. 598^e; July, t>o%(g,6lc; Hep
tember, 61 %c.
CORN- May 27%&27Vfcc; July, 293/ @29V - ! c;
September, 30% -
OATS— May, 18"/gc; July, 10Vbc; September,
19S/ s @l9y 2 c.
I'UitK— July, $7 35: September, $7 56.
LARD— JuIy, *4 37%; September, *4 52%.
lilßb— July, $3 87* September, $4 02 Va-
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111., May 21.— The
supply of cattle was moderate to-day and the feel-
Ing in this market was steadier. Prices were
about the same. Receipts of hogs were large. The
demand was rather slow and 5c decline in prices
took place. Offerings of sheep were not excessive.
The feeling was strong at late quotations.
CATTLE — Receipts. 9000. Fancy beeves,
$4 20©4 30; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 00@4 25: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. S3 Hi>S£3 95; medium steers, 1000
to 1 400 pounds, ff'i 65&3 75: common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 4U(&3 60: choice feeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. S3 55(5.3 85; common to choice
siockers. $2 85(0,3 55; bulls aud stags, choice to
extra. S3 00&3 25: bulls, poor 10 cnoice, $2 004$
2 90; cows and heifers, extra. $3 60<#4: cows, fair
to choice. S3 40(<sH 50: cows, common to fair,
$1 60<vJ 35: calves, good to choice. $4 60
(<*..': calves, common to good. $3 05@3 40; Texas
grass steers, $26509; Texas fed steers, «3 15
(£3 »0: Texas cows and bulls, $2 25@3 25; milkers
ami springers, per head, $20.'a 40.
HOGS- Receipts, 33,000. Tleavr packing ana
shipping lots, $3 1 5(i<3 35: common to choice
mixed. *3 1 fife. 3 37y 2 : choice assorted. $3 103
3 DO; light, $3 2053 45; pigs, $2 50&3 40.
Ml EEP— Receipts. 10,000. Interior to choice,
?'~"£4; lambs, $3a5 15.
CALIFORNIA FRCIT SALKS.
CHICAGO, 111, May 21. — Porter Brothers Com
pany sold at open auction to-day California fruit
at following prices: Cherries— Tart.irians, $1 70®
:i :«i: a few in poor condition, $1 25<&1 30: QoVer
ri'. r Woods, $1 20: cherries, $I@l 26. Apricots—
Prtnglea, $1 15®1 75. Plums— Cherry plums, in
10-lb ooxes, 70c.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at open auction to-day, realizing prices as follows:
Needling apricots, $3 50 *» single crate: Black
Tartarian cherries $150(^2 45 ft box: Purple
Goigne.S] Ifiral 60; Blacl: Hean. $1 55; Rock
port, $1 50: Governor Wood, $1 2.Vsl 45; Bigar
reau. $1 40; Belle de Orleans, $1 30.
NEW \OKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Kxchsnge, Money and Railroad
Share*
Money on call easy at 3@2y a -/: last loan at 21/,*;
and closing offered at 2U,  PMsse mercantile
paper, 6951/s^. «ar sliver, t,7^c Mexican dollars
u3c. Stettin* exchange very firm, with actual
busiuess id bankers' mils a: $4 87V2®4 87s-; for
six ty days and *4 88Vi@4 88 for deiiind. J-o 4 s tea
rtkißK, J4 88(*4 89Vg. Commercial bill*, S4 Stis;
Hi 87V4. Government bonds firm; atate bonai
dull; railroaa bonds higher. Silver at the board
was quiet.
CLOSING stocks.
Am Tel & Cable.... 92 :.orioit & We« 1/.
Atcliißon.. l5Vi Preferred... "" tjvl
Preterred 22% Northern Paclflo.. \Z
ACams Express.. .l 47 j Preferred.. •12
Alton.Terrellaute. 56 Nona western.' * 10i-,
American Express 114 Preferred.. .-.""l*8
American Tobacco. «5 8 /i N. Y. Central Boia
Preferred...: 99 jN. Y. Chicago 13^
EaybtataUas 29 | let preferred.. 7e
Baltimore & Ohio.. l-i id erred. . . 32
Brunswick Lands.. VMS. \.&. N. H .. **173
Buffalo. Roch 2S x. Y.^ New i£ua" 45
Canada Pacific 6lv 2 N. Y. busq Jt W. * BY.
Canada Bouthera.. *'■<%■ Preferred..;... 2.; i
Canton .Land 601 Ontario. ~ 13' 2
Central Paclflo .... MVI Ontario * Weatori 14^4
Clies.«t Ohio. ISS4 Oregon Improving 1
Chicago Alton 1&7 Preferred. —
Prererrea. 170 | Oregon Navigation! 11
Chicago, B. A «.... 79s/ a Oreeon bbort Un, 7y.
Chicago <J£ E. i 11... 41 , Pacific Mau 2(J
Preferred. ....... 98 Peona, D.& Eva'ni 2ia
(hlcagouas 68 Plttsburg d: W pfd. 16 "
Cleve <t Pittsburjf. 162 Pullman Pa1a05...157
Consolidation Coat. 32 Quicksilver... 1
Consolidated Oai..i:.ii j Preferred.....""* 15
C. CC. au Louis. 33 Heaaing....... . . in/.
Preferred. 83 RioOrande&Wena 18
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. i<B^§ Preferred. ,„„„ ;a '
Preferred 90 ißock inland '.UV«
Cotton Oil cert.... 13 KomeWat &Ui;d«allfi
Commercial Cable. 1 50 6t- L. S. v» ...... 414,
DeL Hudson .....12>> , Preferred. — lO l^
Jjel.Lack&Weiiernli;;) :l-UPaul ....... 77 1
Denver U«..;. 14 | Preferred 128 VI
Preferrea. ;48 'bt. Paul 4 DulaUi. 33
DlstUlws .......... 18V»i Prslsrr^L. „ g 0 '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1806.
General tlectrio... 34 1 „ H. Paul 4 Omaha. 43
trie — 16 1 Preferred. 124
Preferred K6%|BU P. M. & M. 112
fort Wayne 160 silver Certmcates.. 6*
GreatMorthernpra.ll6 bouihem Paolfla^ 19V«
Green .bay -Vfc Kiuuhtu li «..._ 9Vi
Harlem 296 1 Preferred.......^ '-'9Va
Hocking' coal 2' 2 feUßar Refinery.... 123
Hocking Valley... ' t>'- 2 Preferred. 103 1 4
Uomcstake 32 Term. Coal A Iron. i»i >,8, 8
li.<t Texas Cenu. aVi Preferrc-J 100
Illinois Central.... '.';>■' 3 1 nas Pacific , Hi*
lowa Central....... 8 JTol.A.A.&N.Mjca.—
Preleri-ea _-33 "1 01. 4 Ohio «Jen.... 82
Kansas <t Texas. _. 1 is. Preferred 73
Preferred 2.vi lol.St.Loula* K.O. 6y 3
Kingston <& Pern... - 3 : I Preferred 6
Lake Erie A Weacn 173 Union Pac1f10.. .... 8
Preferred..... 71 {I- P_ Den. & Quit 3
Line Shore .149 \V >. Cordage. ...... 6
National Lead M 25%' Preferred .«. 10.
Preferred 91 I Guaranteed... 19'/a
Ion*: islana 79 I°. B. Express.. . 40
Louisville A Na*h. £0S/ B U. & Leather...... 9"i
i-ouuville 91.. Preferred. .— 64<V 8
Preferred _o " U. S. Ruober — 24
Manhattan Consoi. 103 i Preferred. - V 2 l
Mempnis 4 Charla. 15 t'Uca&U, River.. ISO
Mexican Central... M. Wab. aL. 4 Pao.. 714
Michigan Central.. e;<Va Preferred. M 17%
iilnti <& a. l. — |Wella-Fanro. 87'
Preferred. __ Western Union.... B&V4
Minn. 4 St. Leon. lx) '« Wis Central - iy«
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling AL. IL ]0y 8
2d preferred 47% Preferred. 86
Ulrsourl Pacific... 35 V1 Am Cotton OU pfa. 54 '.
Mobile 4 Ohio -Jl W U Beef 7S/*
Koshvllle Chott 68 Ann Arbor :i'_
National Linseed., it! Preferred 25
X. J. Ctn:ra! l 05 3 /i Brooklyn Traction. 22»4
North American... 65' B |Krle 2d pfd 21
CXOSIVO BONDS.
C P 4«. ree 1081/41" KT2d< 69 Vs
Do, 4s coupon... 109 ! Do, 4s. " 85Va
C P 4enewreg. 1167' 6 , Mutual Union' a*.. 114
Do, 4s coupon.. .lltf7/J n j Cent Gen A 5...1. ..1
Eo- 2s ,94Vi- Northern Pao Ist* 11 4
Do, 6a U2S4 Do. 2ds 115
Do. 6s couDon_..ll'2Si Da Sat 73
Cfcerokee 4s. 189&. 100 ' NonnwestConsouklHS
Do. 1897- 100 I Do, deb 6k«, 109%
f«-l»88~ 100 ■ OR&N iVu! 110<%
Do. 3899.. 100 BtLAlronMtGenfts 78^
Pacific 0f '88.... L & 6FG«n 6*. 1 iai /a
D c^?"* os 1091 /4 Paul Consou ...130
Ala Class A 4. 106 .tuP.C APa Ist*. lIS
Do. Class B 4. ss. 106 Do. Pac Cal • «v.. 1 1 0
LaConsol4s. 87 Southern R. R. Ss. 94V»
JllMourt funding..— Texas Paclflo firsts 90 8
r» Carolina con as.. 12 Texas Pac seconds. 22
Do, *« 10 i UnlonPaclstor9o.lo3Vi
Bo Carolina 4V%5... 106 West Sbor» 4a. 106
"lennnewss 84 | Mobile <& Ohio «■.. 66
> trending oet>e... 61 i-' s ! It GranneWeet lsts 76 Vj
f,°. Reg - — Cbes&Ußa 107S/ 8
■^o. deterred 6». M 5 Atcblson 4a 79^
•Uo, trust rcDts st 6V2 Do. 'ids a.—..... 42*,*.
Canada South 2as.. 104 7/ 8 GH4B A 6«... 105
ten Pac lstsor'9s 102 ! Do. 2d 7*. 10 1
Den 4 R a Ist 110% n 4 Tex Cent 109
«■-.,*• 91 , Do.coD6a tea
J? 11 *- 6.".i/a Reading U..III"" 79
t*Ekas Pa Consols 75 Mis«ouri tit ....... K)U
i-a Jtu DendivlllVi, 1
foi:kio> maukets.
■WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Em, May 2L— The spot market
Is quiet at 6s 4y 2 d@ss :» Va<J- Cargoes steady at
27s 6d sellers, prompt shipment.
FOT DRIES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
5s 2i 2<l:2 <I : June, Im 23. d; July, 6s 3d; August, 6s
3d; September, 6s 3d.
BECUBITIES.
LONDON. End.. May 21.— Consols. 113 9-16;
silver. 31 l-16d; French Rentes, 102f 4 sc.
KXCHANGE AM) BULLION
sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89Vj
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — l'-'VI
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine Silver. ~t ounce — *>77s
Mexican Dollars °*Vi 65
♦
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market Is neglected, weak and
demoralized. No. 1. $1 06V4: choice, $1 07Va(^
1 o*-- 4 : lower grades, ?I@l 05: extra choice lor
milling, $1 15(s»l -JO ft ctl.
All. UIIAKII HAI.KH.
Informal Session* — JO o'clock — December—
800 ions, $1 03s,i; 400, $1 03%.
REori.AK >i..hnin« Skssion — December— loo
tons. $1 03%: 900, $1 OSV»: 1800, $1 03%; 500,
fl o»Vs
afternoon* session — December— 7oo tons,
•*1 03; 100, $1 03V 8 -
BARLEY — Weak. Arrivals are heavy and the
top figures are obtained with difficulty. Feed, 71Vi
@73»ic; choice, 75c; Urewlnfc, bi)(g,Hbc
A 1.1. BOABI) SALES. '.•'•
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— No sales.
r..M;ri.AK Jionxixo Siu>hi<-.n— December— loo
tons. 73fi 8 c: 400 73' 2 c: 900. 73»/ 8 c
Aftkk.noon m-hmiin — December — 100 tons.
73v*c: 100, 7314 c; '-'00, 73i«,c.
OATS-Milhug are quotable at 75@821 / ft ctl;
fancy Feed, b2"/2@B7Vic: pood to choice. 77»' 2
82i^c; common to fair, 70<g,75c: Gray, 7iiwa
821/2 C; Surprise. 90c@$l ft cti.
CORN— Larg« Yellow, 88^i@92iAc » ctl; Small
Hound do, 97%' ; White. as&i-Wc %>■ ctl.
BYE— Easier and weak at 75(i77Vac * ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 85@.90c * ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOi'R— The Chins steamer took out 10,651
barrels. Net cash prices are: Family extras,
S3 75@3 Hs?bbl; Bakers' extras, 93 55($d 65;
Bupertine. *2 7S#&
CORNMEAL. ETC.-Feed Corn. $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, SUI %t ton.
MH.I.sTUFFS- Prices in 10 !b sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
'2 s / c; Rye Flour. 314 c: Rice Flour. 7Vac: Corn
meal, 2*4Q3c; extra cream do. 3V c; Oatmeal,
33,* c; OatUroats, 410:4 1 0 : Homlnv, 4fc4V 2 c; Buck
wheat Flour. 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3~y>o; Farina,
4'vc: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4Vic:
I'carl Barley, 4^c: Split Peas, 4"/kc: Green 'do,
01/ 4C4 C %« lb.
HAT AND FKEDSTCFFS.
BRAN— 9 I6@I6 50 f( ton.
MIDDLIN(.s_Si6 50@17 60 V ton for lower
grades and f 18@19 %» ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, «ltt@l6 50;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, *'J0 14' ton: Jobbing, $21;
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 %* ion.
HAY— New Wild Oat Hay. the first of the sea
son, arrived from Cornwall, Contra Costa County,
and brought $8 V ton. It was very good in quality.
Wheat, #B@ll 60 ton: Oat, S7<a9: Wheat and
Oat, Well: Barley, $7@B 50; Alfalfa. *7<&9;
Clover, $(5@7 50; Compressed Oat, *6 5O@8; Com
pressed Wheat, $7@lo 50; Stock, *6(*7 ft ton.
STRAW-30&50C %» bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos quotable at 90c@Sl 9 ctl; Small
Whites, $1 25@1 40 * ctl; Pea, $1 25@1 45
1> ctl: i.arge Whites. «ld*l 16 *£ ctl: Plnic,
t<s€,97 1 4|C; Reds, SI 26; P.lacKeye. $1 40ri$l 65;
Red Kidney, $1 60.'a.l 65; Llmas, $2 oO@2 75;
Butters, $1 40@l 60 for small and $1 25@1 60 for
large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at SI 60
(0,2 25 ft ctl: Trieste, 52(32 50 '* ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $1 40@l 60; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Ca
nary, 'J3ic * lb; Alfalfa, 7y 2 @9M|C * tt>; Rape,
2Vic t* fb; Hemp, 3V a c ¥1 ft.
DRIED PEAS— SI 25Q,1 40 * ctl for NUes and
$1 25&1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTA TOES— A car of Salt L>»ke Peerless sold at
60c. New Potatoes, 75cCA»l; new Early Rose in
boxes from the River, .?lia. 1 00; P.ivi-r Burbanks,
60(5.55c; Oregon Burbanks, 60@8Oc f. ctl ; Early
Rose, COfciTOc; r "tiil-.ma and Toniales, 66(565c ft
ctl; Ilumboldl Burbanks, t>ott,7oc > ctl.
ONIONS— New are firmer at 65(a.65c ctl.
VEGETABLES— Arrivals were" 406 boxes As
paragus, 206 boxes Rhubarb and 674 sucks Peas.
I. 'iti.'irn is In. h'T. Peas and Beans are lower.
Summer Squash, $1 '2b<a.l 501* bx; Egg l'lant, 15c
1* !b: Los Angeles Tomatoes, 92fa>2 50 f< box: Cu
cumbers, 50cfa.$l ~? doz; Asparagus, $1(a.2 t>. bx for
ordinary ana $2 2S@2 60 for extra: Rhubarb, 60c@
f?l 25; Dried Peppers, 7(S9c: (Jreen Peppers, 17V2 C
c' hi Qreen Peas, 60cfa$"] I»iik for common and 2c
'•p lb for Garden; String Beans. 6<g,loc %» lb for Los
Angeirs and 10@*llc ft lb for Winters: Horse
Beans, -)O;o,M)c f*sack; Dried Okra, 12Vic; Cab
bage, 45@>50c ft ctl; Garlic. 4 i.. a .!..'»• t* lb.
BITTKK, < IIKKSK AND KGGS.
BUTTER-Bteady and unchanged.
Creamery — Fancy, 14c; seconds. 13@13Vic
Dairy — Fancy, 18".; good to choice, 12@12*Ac;
lower grades, ll@liy 2 c
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 7c: common to good.
6(ftHV3'"; Cream Cheddar, 10(<$llc "B tt>; Young
America. B@9c V ft; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
12(a»13i/«c.
,, K( - Previous prices rule. Oregon Eggs,
lie dor; Eastern Eggs, ll@lli/ a c; Store Eggs,
ll@12c: rancu Eggs, 12@13Vhc; Duck Eggs. 14(al
16c ft doz.
POULTRY AND GAMB.
POULTRY— Prices showed no change yesterday.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13<g»15c" $ ft for
Gobblers, 12@14c for Hens; Geese, ft pair $1®
1 25: Goslings. $1 25@1 60; Ducks, $3 6Or£&4 60
for old and *«.*« V doz for young: Hens, $3 60®
460; Roosters, young, *8@10; do, old, $4@4 60?
fryers, Broilers. $4c05 for large and *2©3
for small; Pigeons. Ci 26@1 60 for young and old
GAME— Hare, IQfgflbc; Rabbits 75c for Cnttnn
tails and 60@75c t» aoz lor small. Co"on-
lIECIDIOUB AND CITKUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS-Arrlvals of Cherries were
11197 boxes, selling at 40@85c for White and Red
and 50@85c V box for Black.
The canners are paying 6i^@6c ft tt> for ordinary
White Cherries and are bidding 7c » Ib in the
country for Royal Amies.
BERRIES-Receipts of Strawberries were 354
chests, selling at $s(jiß *p chest tor Longwortha
and .*'.■■.•.*; for large berries.
Gooseberries. 20(ii25c ~& drawer and 1 \- 2 'il 1 2* 4 c "ft
IT, In sacks for small and 30@35c "3 drawer and 2v»
©3c !b in bulk for large. ™
Raspberries, 75c ©$1 "$ drawer; Newcastle R»sd
berricß, $1 50 x 1x 1 crate. ,
No Blackberries from Southern California.
Currants. f>O<g.7sc >. box.
CITRUS FRUITS— About 30 cars of Oranges
have come In thus far this week and the market Is
lower in consequence. Oranges,' *1 35gil 76 for
Seedlings, f 3@4 tor Navels, f 1 60@2 50 for Malta
Bloods and $1 60@2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets:
Lemons, 76c@$l 25 for common and 91 60©2 60
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 50@6
California Limes, si: Bananas, fl@2 %* bunch-
Pineapples, *3<£6 ~t> dozen.
DRIED FKCITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS-Tbe following prices role on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload LoTS-Apples, lV 2 ®20 1* fh for quar
terea 2c for sliced and 4@4Uc for evaporated :
Peaches. 2 V*@4c and 6c for fancy; Apricots. 6V<,<»
8c for prime 10 choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc *
lbfor fancy Moorpark- Figs, black. 2y-c¥or nn
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c »
lb tor evaporated hulves, 3 %@6c i» lb for quarters:
Prunes, Mat.i 14"; Plnms. 3i,c *» lb for pitted and
for unpltted; Nectarines. 3Vi(a;sc * tb for
prime to choice and 6V for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Evaporated Apples. 4@4VjC
V tt>: sun-aried.i Peaches, 2"/4@4c and6(isi6c
for fancy; peeled In boxes. ll<ai2U.c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 5@5%c for 40®50 s and 4V 2 (^sc
lor sO@6O'a: Apricots. »:Vi@9c for prime to choice
.org>llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, B%Sc:
"iilte Figs, 3@sc: Pears, 8c %* lb for evapor
ated halve*, and 4@7V -c for quarters; Plums,
3i/2@4c for pitted and lfa>l Vie for unpitted; Nec
tarines. 4@6c %* lb for prime to choice."
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES-Pncesareas
follows, carload lots. f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3%c %* Ib: 3-crowu. loose, 2M>c: 2
crown, 2c; seeoiess Sultanas, SV2<i*3: t seedless
Muscatels, 2V a / ic: three-crown London layers
7(>c "H box: clusters, $1 35<ai 60: Dehesa clusters.
$2 10@2 25; imperial clusters, 9" Bo@2 75: Dried
Grapes, *§» tt>.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, 3i*jc: 3
crown, 2*t,4@3c; 2-crown, 2J/4@2Vbc Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c %* Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c: 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 7.V.
I 'ihe.sa clusters, $2 &0: Imperial clusters, $2 76;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotab c at 9@llc Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c i?» lb for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, 6@7Vz c "*' tt> for Languedoc
and BVi@locfor paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5Vi
@7c for Eastern and 4 Vfe@ s Vss c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6(a;6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished- Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nut* 9@loc i*
lb; Cocoanuts, $4 60®5 i» 100.
noNEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c^ lb for
bright and B@9c jfr tt> for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6«£sy a c lb; light amber ex
tracted, 4Vi@4s / ic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2®3c.
BKES\VaX-50@27V 3c3 c * tb.
VISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c "fl Ib for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c IS lb for light. 10c for extra
light and 12c $> ft, for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, llVac; California Hams, 10c "$ Ib;
Mess Beef, $7 60i<i,H- extra mess do, *8 &o®9; fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Pork, $H 50@9: extra
clear, .si 4 $ bbl: mess, $12 ¥ bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c %» Ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 614 cl* Ib
for compound and 6 3 + c for pure; palls, 7yjc; Cali
fornia tierces, 4c4 c tor compound and bVic for
pure; hali-bbls, 6Vi@fly3c: 10- tb tins, 7»/4C; do 6-lb,
784° y Ib.
COTTOLENE— 6JArr<L«Vi In tierces and 7@7S; 8 c
V tb In 10-lb tins.
HIPKB, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Firm at tbe recent ad
vance. Heavy salted steers, 7c; culls and brands,
6c; medium. 6c "? Ib: culls and brands. sc: light,
6c: culls and brands. 4c; Cowhides, s(aift v 2 c V, Ib;
culls and brands. 4!a,4i /i! r: Halted Kip. 6c '» tti;
salted Calf 7c: »>Uisci veal. 6c; dry Hides, 10c;
culls and brands, 8c >' lb: dry Kip and Veal,
H(nuac; cnus. 7c: dry Cnlf, 15c; culls, 10c: Goat-
BKlns. 20(a.35c each; Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
summer, 30c; medium, 15O2ftc; winter. 10(al5c:
f-liM'j. skins, shearlings, 10'o,l'»c each; short wool,
20(ft36ceach: medium, 4U(*sOc each: lone wools,
60c each. Culls of all kinds about 1»c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3» 4 (gs3V»c; No. 2,
3c: nfined, &i/,,a;534c: Grease, iyjov Ib.
WOOL— A local 'circulnr says: -'Last week the
local trade was considerable, and chiefly In foot
hill and better grades of middle county WO"-:-. f"r
snipping account and a fair share of low-erudu
siock was taken for scouring- This wetk the n
ports irom l-.oston are more discouraL, r liiß than at
nnv former time, and hs a result buyers here have
dropp>"! out of tlie markel fir any lin.-ral purchas
inc. The Red Bluff sales last week were from 8 1 , >c
U>9V%C| which averages less thnn prices paid in
lHy5 by l(«y_V > Ib, and even then the n-i-enl buy
ers rftiuiot, wish the present tendency of the mar
k<t. ifft their money back " We niioie Sprln? Ne
evada, 6<a;9c p Ib: Ban Joaquin aud Southern Coast,
six months, 4<<s6c: San Joaquin. foothill, good to
choice, '<<jjWc; San Joaquin, year's lleece, 4 '•_•«s
t)i 2 c: northern free, 7@9c; Ao, defective. 6<jel6'*,^c
HOPS— We quote nominally li^^3c f( Tb.
UKNKRAL MKKCUANDISK.
-Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 15@4 20;
June-July delivery,. $4 35: San Quentln, 94 'JO;
Wool Bags, 'J4 * .»iei26
COAL— Wellington, $8 *jj> ton: New Wellington,
?8 f» ton: Sou tn field Welllncton. 87 50 "•' ton;
Seattle. Ss<'o,s 60; Bryant, $5; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend. »6 50; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo. *7 60:
Cumberland, *13 50 In bulk and 915 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Leg. $11; Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
97 60: Coke. 910 50 In bulk and 912 50 "g ton in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refinery Company
hits reduced its prices and now quotes as Joi
lows, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 614 c; Dry Granulated, ... c;
Confectioners' A, 5y 2 e; Magnolia A. sc: Extra
C, 4%c; Golden C, i'< c half-barrels, 14c more
than barrels, and boxes 1 be more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbl>, 15c; Black Strap. 100
* gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows
BEEF— Firs'- quality, s@s'/ic: second do, 4 Vi<a
4S/C; third do, 3Vt&ic •$ Jb.
VKAL— I.an-e, 6(gi«k-. small, 6@7c V ID.
MUTTON— Wethers. b{a,b\^c; Ewes. 4Va@sc
♦ tb.
LAMB— Lamb, 6^,(s Vic t* &>.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3@3i4c ?) lb for large and
SB H^3i^ c for small and medium; dressed do, 4 Vi
©aVic V lb.
KKCEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB "4 HOURS.
floor, or. *ks 9.oCoi Hay, tons. m 310
Oregon. 7.0V0 liutter, ctls „ 280
Washington &,<HB,(Jheese, ctls. 69
Wheat. cUs 2,H43|E(t(-s. doz 14,010
Washington 1,9-0 Hides, no _. 57
Barley, ctU.... M 11,285 Pelt*. 0dt5..«...«.. 2,804
Oats, ctls. „ lbßWooLbla ...... '29
Rye, ctls. SOU Wine, gals 87,000
Bean*, sic*. 600 Brandy, gals. 2,020
Potato**, it*. 2,116 Lumber. M feet... 1U
Onion*, its 525 Lime, bbls M ' 360
Br»n. its ~ 1,005 Leather. rolls. ..._ 165
Middlings, 5k*..... 490 Broom Corn, bales 120
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Isabella Van Winkle to Louis Schonfeld. lot on
BK corner of Ciough and Fulton streets: H 56:3 by
B 82.B; $10.
Antoine Eorol <as attorney) and (Oracle Borel
(by attorney) to James C. and Mary A. SteveTus,
lot on H line of I'.ush street, 67 W of Broderlck, W
29 by s 100; $10.
Some to Mary A. Freeman, lot. on S line of Bush
Street, 98 Wof BroderlCK, W 31 :6 by S 100; $10.
Thomas Hlicginson to Richard 11. HlKKinson, lot
on N line of ( 'umberland (Columbia) s reet, 205
W of Sanchez. W 50 by N 114; $10.
c. A. and Horn B. Douulass to Mary L. Born,
lot on SW corner of Diamond aud Twenty-fifth,
street a N 35 by W 80; $10.
John larnharn to Crystal Salt Water Bstblnß
Company, lut ou S line of Bay street, 137 :t> W of
I'owell, W 45:10 by N 120; $4800.
~ Krank C llowi'll to Hose A. Lamb, lot on N line
of Pine street, 87:6 B of Larkln, E 50 by N 137:6;
$10.
O. Dickson to William .Shiels, lot on NW line of
Minim street, 455 SW Third street, B\V 25 by NW
70: $1.
Robert T. Allen to same, same; $1.
11. J. .'in.i I. Hanseti to Frank Tompklnson, lot
on N line of T s'reet. 57:6 X Thirty-nlntU avenue,
X 25 by N 100; »lso lot 9 in blocK 14, Flint tract:
also lots 137, 141, 143, 148. 139 Holiday, Map
A: $10.
John and Aurora O. Anderson to Gnstaf Lind
quist, lot on W line of San Bruno avenue (.Ne
braska). 127 :2</j N of Nineteenth strt-et (Buttc),
N 26 by W 100: $10.
George s. ami Mary N. Meredith to Albert H.
Taylor, lot 1100, Gift Map 3: $156.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to John
Wilson, lot 1, block 10. sunnvßide; $10.
John A. and Mary E. Buck to Han Fran
cisco and San Mateo Electric Railway Com
pany, block 44, Hunnyside, bounded by Ba
den, Arcadia, Sunnyshie and Moulton stre.'M
and Southern Pacific Ituilroad; also lots
4 to 7, Fairmount Extension Homestead: also
franchises, etc., for street railway, together with
rolling-stock, equipment, appurtenances, properly,
lands and franchises in San Francisco and san
Mnt-u counties (twenty-two miles of single-track
railway: $1.
Ivlward iloman and Thomas P. Stanlforth to J,
J. Raver. lot on R line of Fortieth street, 100 N of
W, N 100 by B 120; $200.
V. C. McMurry Jr. to V. C. McMurry Sr., lot on
5 corner of Huron and Naglee avenues, SW 160 by
BE 287; $6.
Grace V. Miller (nee McMurry) to V. C. Me-
Murry, lot on 8K line of Huron avenue, 80 SW of
Nag cc, SW 40 by Sh 237, West Knd 2: $5.
John Ball to i iinor E. Jenkins, lot on E corner
of old Kan Jose Road and Naclee avenue, KE 64 ;6
by SE 125. block 2, same: $10.
George J. Smith to Annie L. Wright, lots 1,2
and 3, block 6, syndicate's First Addition: $10.
Milo and Kate"llo:idley to Caroline A. Risdon,
lot on N !•'. corner stanyan and Twentieth streets,
N 25, h. 95, 8 25, W 92:11; $10.
Frank and Anton nuegg, Murie A. Gamma (ex
ecutrix of the estate of Ireilericli utiiumai, Morris
Lubock, Thomas Reid an 1 S. (amma (by C. E.
Hatch, Commissioner) to Adolph C. Weber, lot n
S line of Twenty- first street, 100 fc of Guerrero E
25 by S 114: $4653.
Ferainund Reis aud Samuel Davis to Thomas J.
Ford, lot on W line of Folsom street. 225 S of
Twenty-fourth, S 25 by W 12J:6; $10.
George W. Haiuht and James Cunningham to
Frank Otis and l-.rnest I>anzt nnurf, easement for
s--«,. r throinjh from S line of Boniia street to S line
o: «. reen, along a line 128 E of Van Ness avenue,
grant: $275.
P. G. 1 i.i Spin, Thomas O. and Blanche Litton, by
Sheriff Laumelster, to P. O. Cialpin, lot on N liiie of
Jackson street, 45:6 E of Mnson, E 23 by N 74;
$4518.
Daniel Buckley, same, same, quitclaim deed; $5.
P. U. und Julia B. Galpin to Valentino Mw,
same: $10.
tieorge F. Lyon to Thomas W. and Christopher
C. Rivers, lot on NX corner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo)
»tnd Carolina streets, H 300. F. 100, N* 1,0, \v 100,
N 108, X 200, S 433, W 200: $10.
Charles H. ureslin to Harry B. Smith, lot on W
line of Twe.fth avenue, 2liO N of California street.
N 25 by W 120: $10.
Q. Walton to Carrie E. Walton, lot on
R * corner of Edinburgh street and Amazon ave
nue, N 165:9. W 100, S 176:6, B 100:3; $ .
Robert and Maggie E. Gostry to Frederick and
irederica Volkman, lot 1263, Gift Map 3; flO.
AI.AMKHA COUNTY.
Edward and Jeanie H. Dougery to Daniel Mc-
Mahon.all interst in lot on s\V corner Durant street
(orElghteenth)and Broa<lway,S 37:6 by W 9S:9Vs.
l>eing the NX i>ortlon of lot 4, block A, Fountain
plate, OaKland: $1240.
W. n. cowan to John W. Cook, lot on E corner
of Prospect street and Kine avenue, SE 75 by N'K
100, brln? lot b and NW Vl lot 4, block 6, map of
East Oakland Heights, East Oakland; $1500.
L 11. Sly to ban FrancWco and Oakland Mutual
Loan Association, lot on S line of Thirty-ninth
street, 173:6 J-; of Grove. E 25, 8 87 to B boundary
line of Montgomery Tract 1, thence NW 25, N 88
jo beginning, the X 25 feet of lot 20, Montgomery
Tract 1, quitclaim deed. Oakland Township: $5
irtd G. and KIIh B. Weston to same, same, Oak
laud Township: also all shares of cnpuul stock of
said San Francisco and Oakland Mutual l.oau As
sociation pledged as security for a loan to them
made by second party; $10.
Phlllnda G. Lincoln (executrix of estate of
Jerome Lincoln) to Amanda Van Vooth, lot 7,
block E, Lincoln Park, Oakland Township; ?10.
Solomon Lewis to Hugo Richards, undivided
Vb Interest in lots 5 tv 25, block W, Vernon
Park. Oakland Township; $11,700.
Charles E. and .Mary E. U hite to Lillian J. Fenn,
lots 9 aud 10, Red Rose Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
C. It. Arnold to Orin P. Sellers, lot 14, blocK 3S,
Htchburt; Homestead Tract, bargain and sale
de--d, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Ambrose p. and Mary & snow to James O. Car
roll, lot on NE corner of Kast Twenty-third street,
425 SE of Twenty-first avenue. HE 50 by NE 140,
being lots 32 und 33, block 75. map or lots in
BrooKlyn, subject to a mortgage tar $275, East
Oakland; $10.
a iiL-elo Lucl.etti to Giovanni B. or Glamhallste
Luchetu, uiiclivldtd half interest in lots 9 and
10, block 11, Vernon Park Tract to correct 369 d.
1-1. oaklaud Township: $10.
W illiam J and Eliza M. Reed to Frank G. Wat
son, lot on E line of Market street, 43 b of Six
teenth, S 30, E 80, N 27, W 85 to beßiuuing,
being a portion of block B. map 01 block 297, prop
erty of North Oakland Homestead Association,
Oakland; $10.
Same to George \V. Russell, undivided 1-5 of
the fo. lowing property; Lot on N line of Locust
street, 275 W of Grove, \V 25 by N 100,
block Q, Kelsey Tract, Oakland: also lot on W
line of Linden street, 140 S of Thirty-second, S 35
• i'« W I:<2> block 669 ' W'ascock Tract, Oakland;
Leonard D. and Mary S. Brown to Eliza M. Reed
and wife, William J. and Mittle L. R. Watson, lot
011 E line of Clay street, 59 S of Eleventh, E
90 by S 12, block 140, Oakland; consideration,
construction of a party wall, which is now com
pleted.
Mii.nie I. and A. G. Alnsworth to Oakland Pay-
JJI« Company, lot on W Hue of Adeline street,
-10:6 N of Twenty-sixth, N 52 Dy W 133:3, being
lot 15, block o, man of survey, Northern Exten
tiou of Oakland; $10.
Edward W. and Mary A. Talman to Mary P.
Talman, lots 25 and '26, Drexler Tract, Oakland
Township: gtfh
Daniel P. Hockliir to Franklin P. Bull, lot on W
line of Albina avenue, 438.30 N of Hopkins street,
N 90, W 1f.1.25, S9O, E 148. to beginning, being
lota 28 and 30, subdivision map 01 lota 1 to 4 Pe
ralta Park, Berkeley: $10.
Woo Honjj seeks 'lo chin Shin, lot on SW corner
of Joseph and Curtis avenues, W 161, S 100 B
i'J6, N ion, t.> beginning. t>«-inK lots 110, 111 and
112, block 30, map of resubdivision of Peratta
I'ark, oaKland Township; $10.
same to same, lots 52 ami 53 of plat 19 of re
subdivinloii of Peralta Park, Oakland Township;
Bridget Winn to Maurice C. Siesbuttel, lot on S
line of Nineteenth street, .88 W of Adeline street,
W JO by S 111, being lot 32 of subdivision of the
Surryhne Tract, Oakland: $1.
1 rank Miller to Henry Sevenlng, lot on SE cor
ner of highth aud Union streets, E 40 by S 112
Oakland; $10. "
F. ■;. Whitcomb (administrator estate J B
Wnitcomb) to Flora E. Pitcher, wife of Ansoii
Pitcher, lot on W line of Fulton street, 45 N of
Durant avenue, N 45 by W 130, block 14, College
Homestead Tract., Berkeley: $1155.
Theodore G. Cockrill to Kllie M. Cockrlll, lot 15
block E, map of Berkeley Homestead Association,
Berkeley; nft.
William i;. Henshaw to James Spence lots on E
Hue of Whiuler street. 234 NX of Fourteenth N
60 by E 146:6^', being lots 10 and 11, block B
Fruit vale Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Jones, Allen dt Co. to John R. Hillman, lots I to
24, -'7 to 48, block 1; lots 1 to 24, block 2; lots 1
to 24, block 3; lois 1 to 48, block 4; lots 1 to 16
block :>; lots 1 to 18, block 6; lots 19 and 20
block 7; lots 1 to 32, block 8 lots 1 to 34, block
»: lots 5 10 34, block 10; lots 1 to 4, 7 and 8. 12 to
20, and 32 and 33, block 11 ; lots Ito 36, block 12
-also entire block 13, all bein^ in the Allendale
tract, subject to mortgage; Brooklyn Township;
$10.
John R. and I.illie Hillman to Henry Z.Jones
as in deed from Jones, Alien dt Co., subject to
Laoruace: Brooklyn Township; $10.
Georae w. and Annie WheeMf to Charles R.
Alle:,. undivided half-interest in lot on NW cor
ner Itaiiroid avenue and Ninth street, N 150 by
W h7:7 :t 4 feet, Alameda; $10.
A. R Winers to W. Jl. Dorward. lot or. NW line
Howe street. .',O feet SW of W corner Howe
and Aineihyst, thence SW 40 ny N W 125, beincthe
SW 1 5 feet of lot 2, and NE 25 feet of lot 3, Ther
mal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Horace D. and Emma F.leTsou to J. H. P. At
kins, lot on SK line of Summit avenue, 55 feet
sw from the point of its intersection by the li. c
dividing lo:s 29 and 30. Glen Echo Tract. Map 2,
thence s\\ 10, SK to SK boundary line of lot 30,
NE 10.22, NW to beginning, b -ing" portion of Glen
RUM Tract. Map 2, Oakland Township; $10.
Frank A. Cunimhips to Frank A. Little, lot on
W line of Wheeler street, 100 N of Ashby avenue,
N4oby W 1 10, tH-lng lot 6, block D, Adeline Tract,
Berkeley : $10.
Trustees of the First Unitarian Church of Berke
ley to Carolyn O. Wattles (wife of William 8.), lot
on X line o! Dana street. 98:3 N of Bancroft wav,
N 50. B 168 0, S 18:3, W 60. S 31:7, W 113:1 to
the beginning, block 3, Viila lots adjoining the
university site on the south, Bericeley; $10.
Myron L. Crafts to Fanny 11. Crafts, l"t on NW
corner Pearl street and San Jose avenue, N 3'JO by
W 200. being a portion of LJewellin Tract, Ahi
meda: gift.
Emily A. Dunn to County of Alameda, lot on SW
line of county rond 747, NW 376 feet distant from
NW line of Pernlta avenue, NW 160. SW 10, sk
150. NE 10 to beginning, to be used for public
highway, Brook yn Township: grant.
Amelia K. Watson to same, S corner of
Peralta avenue and county rond No. 747. thence
si; r.74 r s\\ 10, NW 674.35, NE 10 to be-innlng,
to be used fora public highway, Brooklyn Town
ship; grant.
Juliet J. Mesps et al. to same, E corner county
road No. 143k and county road No. 747. thence
NE 10.10, SK 656.40, SW 10, NW 658.20 to be
ginning, to be used for a public highway, Brooklyu
Township; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
John and Margaret Reuenburg with Aug-ust
Gullbert, 10 erect a frame building on W line of
Tenth avenue, 200 8 of California street; no archi
tect: $2200.
James Rodgprs with W. W. R«dnall. to erect a
one-story and basement coltaee on W line of Fol
som street. 176 B of Jefferson avenue; W. W. Red
nall. architect. $3f>s.
Annie Clark with W. W. Anderson and Robert
Greig, U) erect a two-story frAme building on NW
line of Park avenue. 144 NX of Frederick street;
Hermann <fc Swain, architects; $3000.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
grand hotel.
A N Campbell, Cal Miss M Scribner, Term
F J Brandon, Sun Jose W F George. Sacto
A H Kuruham, Folsom C E Fly &w, Sacto
F A Shepherd, Saclo B F Ward, Mass
A L Begbl*, Cal F J R Daw.son, Grass V
11 J Wilson. Sacto J Laughlin, Santa Rosa
N Dennis, Santa Rosa E B Hoi brook, 110 l lister
J X Mqlntyre, Cal E A Crennan, B Cruz
L 1 stanton, C»l Mrs J H Stanton, Cal
A H Barnet, Cal J A Mack, Fresno
M U. Wright. Pasadena Frnnk Mattison, S Cruz
B D Wegle, Palo Alto A H Hart, N V
w 0 Swain, Marysville Miss >ham.'sy, L Angeles
Miss Kstcva, L Angeles GeorgeA Wiley. Danville
F 11 Farrar, Merced O A Lowe. Woodland
1" .1 Brandon & w, a Jose Mrs M A Bennett, Chgo
W D Hibbard, N V M r* Rosa Darker, Deliver
II J I>ee it w, Fremont W W I'mstehd «fefy, Nebr
Mrs Q D Babcock, Utica Miss B L Childs. N Hrtfd
Miss Angus. Boston Mrs Kenney, Boston
Mrs Angus, Oregon T E Jackson, Saclo
B R Adams, Phlla M T Adams, Phila
0 B F.dson, Fulton J A Mackenzie. Merced
H W Smith, Wash J H Maj", N V
\V II Stewart, Vacaville L J Steele, Oregon
M L Reproßle, Ohio C F Tehwilk, Sacto
S 1. 11 owe. sacto W T Shaw it w, >acto
MrsT Hnntington, Sacto Mrs J Huntington, Sacto
.1 WeHluml. Sacto J Poingdestre ifc w, S Jose
Mrs E Cox, san Jose S T Roper, San Jose
J Tunno.ll, Pasadena Mrs M 1. Newton. POrve
0 1. Meudr!. Minn E D Eldrldge, Stockton
11 \ 1 r.sion, Cal Mrs C B Bates <fc fni,
RH \\ llley, Monterey Snnta Rosa
Mrs X l.angster, Sacto G D Kormle, Fulton
J H Topley, Vallejo G B Barr, Cloverdale
M Isaac*, lone W W Crabb, Oakville
R H MUcnell, snta Rosa
BUSS HOUSE.
J B Harm, Michigan Miss C S Foster, Mich
X E sarceni. Stockton J Olton, Anderson
Hist 0 B'Brien, Amlrson J F Mulgrew, skaggs Spg
Q Robb, Los Anreles J 0 st.-li. Pescadero
E B /.Her & w. Oregon D Lonai, Nevada City
II Becktr, Nevada M Stewart, Montreal
W W Stewart, Montreal J i'.nll'fT, Santa Rosa
C H Trine, San Jose R Iteyna, San Jose
E Sullivan, San Jose Miss A Patterson, China
W J Williams <fe W, SLOT P liender, tvocklon
W O Bigelow, Stockton C A Stewart, Stockton
R Hulmy, Ml Pleasant, It C Bishop <fe w. Helena
W X White, Montana A H Barnhisel, San Jose
\V E Branch, Pullman F Schumann, sschueizn V
\V C Sammonds, P^rtld R Panington, California
T Brown, Eureka B 8 Little. Eureka
\V Dunsmore. Kureka E KlaUberg, Kureua
W P Barnhard, Cil J w Searl?, Borax Lake
T Kay, Dalles, Or R X Sruyihe, N H
F (i Clark, San Jose C O Clark, San Jose
A\V Wood &w, San J Mrs L Barker, san Jose
A C McFabb, Buffalo WJ Mellekeer, JSuffalo
J M Walling, Nev Cily A Osburn <t w, Redlands
1^ H Peterson, Vacaville L B Seymour, Vacaville
J H Mertue, Woodland R Alge, Woodland
P il Noonan, Santa Rsa P Tewew, Santa l'.osa
S J Waldner, Cal T A Peacock, San Rafael
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Miss A Webber, Nev R H Webber, Nev City
G E sage, USA B O'Brien. N Almaden
A J Link. St Louis J 0 Wo f, St Louis
V D ffs.fl. ISA O D Peters. Oroville.
H W frooker, Boston Mrs A Kincaid, Livrmore
L H Jones iSwf, Auburn R de Luna, La
( 11 »<rnhfim, S Cruz S schoff, Santa Cruz
R smith it wf. La A M Beccber. U S N
W W laylor, Minn F W Aniss, Portland
M P Stein, S.ockton W B McDonald, Napa
L H Sheeter, Wheeling W Lambert, Nev
Miss B Scott, Denver H Brown, Sacto
G Smalley, Sacto J Colin. Carson
H Dexter, Dallas P A Dunn, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W J Thomas, Salt Lake R Dayton, Salt Lake
Otto Nelson, Klo Vista A Mnson, Rio Vista
O W Simpson, USS Phlla A J Johnson, I'SS Philo
H Robertson, US.-s Phila W \V Kaynor..U ss Phila
A SGird, U SS Phila F Locke, r S N
H Rooney, U 8 N M Fit zpatrick, Angel Isld
J Dawson, Angel Island F Ha. er. Angel Island
G T Robertson, San Jose G Samuel, Concord
C T Moore, Mexico ¥ Conker, Colorado
D Branch, Coalterville
PALACE HOTEL,.
G H Bryant. Chicago F P Flint, Los Angeles
Mnior Johnson, London R Widney, Los Angeles
C Van Winkie, Chicago W Lawrence AW, Muss
.1 l; I'.aker, ChicaßO H J Gills. Chicago
J B Cook, Butte City Baron La Grange, Paris
S H Homes. Butte City H T Oakley, Chicago
B S (. Hun-hill, Napa E R Ayres* w, Mich
W Mot'urlanrt. Utah W J Tonsey, N V
J Powers. Redwood Miss E Kerr, N V
T N Kucker, San Jose C Denton it w, Denver
Capt R H Pratt, Or Miss \v L Pratt, Or
J Knowlet, it w, Oakland L Kinstein, F'resno
B M iToodall, Ottkl»nd Mrs II I' liarnlium. H
Miss C Farnham. 80-ton Miss L iarnham, Roston
T Hopkins J: w. Boston W T Aldridge, N V
W II P.a lford, Wis J F Cummlugs, Colo
II L Day. N I> H Oshornp, i.os Anceles
Mrs 1) Atwood, Wis H Llndley, LO3 Angers
Miss Atwoo.l, Wis J B Dudley, sau Diego
J F Haywartis, Mass M EicherKram, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
Mis Eve Gumdye, Cal Aaron Dowd, Menlo Pk
W T C Hasten, 8 Rafael R M Do.Ue, Kenwood
A X Bocks, San Jose Jas Mortimer, Hempstd
H C Beckman it wf, Lodi .las Meagher, Victoria
Thornton Fell, Victoria F A Kistler, Buffalo, N V
Fred Baker, I.os Angeles L Q Dryfus & w, Cal
J P Meux, Fresno Martin Winch, Portld, O
1> E Knight, Marysville J B F'asran, Bant* Cruz
L C Moreliouse, Cal Dr H Sartori, San Rafael
H L Sartori, Sau Rafael J B Ward, Modesto, Cal
F W Hatch, Agnews A M Gardner, Napa
J Jones <fc wf. Oakland W Williams, Woodland
Tom C Garrie, < al I Rogers. Marin Co
s Koliimi, I-os Angeies B J Williams, s Le*Qdro
J J Wilson, Sacto MJ Freeman A- . w, Cal
THE CALL CALENDAR
May. 1896
Mo. Tu. W. Th. Fr. Sa. Moon's Phases.
1 2 ~
/^Ltial Quarter.
] May 4.
3 4 5 8 7 8 9
1 #3k New Moon.
10 11 12 1131415 18 *&? May 12.
(17 18 19 120 21 122 23 i /^First Quarter
! ; ! 1 [ vj/ May -19.
24 25 26 27 28 20 30 j
1 1 l«k Full Moon.
31 I v£* May 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dates* of Departure From San Franclaco
STEAMER. [DESTINATION-. | SAILS. | PIKB.
▲ Blancharu {Oregon ports.. May 22. srn;Pier 13
Del .None .. Grays Haroor |M»yM, spm
Bta;» of Cai P0rt1and ....... May23.lOAM Pier 24
»s: Pan! Newoort I May 28. 9am 'Pier 11
Australia.... | Honolulu May'_'3.loAM Oceanic
faralion... ■> a>iuln» i!av. Miiy2-t. 9am Pier 2
Walla Walla Vie & Put Sna May'_' 4. yAii Pier 9
Corona .. San Diego i May2G,llAU Pier 11
I'omon*.... ' tlumboiiltßav 51ayi.'5. ?pm Pier 9
Weeott Eel Kiver May 27. S)au Pier 13
sur.ol Grays Harbor. May'27,l2 m Pier 2
Eureka .... .Newoors May'JT, I»am Pier 11.
Columbia... Portland May'JB,IOAM Pier 24
City Sydney Panama Mav2S,l2 m P USE
Monowai... .Sydney May 2B. 2pm Oceanic
Belßic China* Japan May2B, Bpm PMSS
Araxo Coos uav ilay'2B.loAii Pier 13
BaniaKoia.. San Dlezo... May29.llAM Pierll
Dmatllla I Vie & Pel Sn.l Mav.'S*. Pax Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STKAMKIt I . FIIOM I DDR
FBoa
I DC*
Farallon | Yaautna Bay May 22
Crescent City. .. Crescent City....... May 23
Corona San Diego. ..May23
Cuv or Everett I Nanaimo May 24
Weeott. Eel JMver May 24
Pomona. Hum bold t Bay. I. .May 24
Columbia j 'or! la ..May 36
L'matllla I Victoria* Pueet Souna ..May 26
Kiirelta „.. Newport I ..May 'ib
Columbia ' Portland.. I . .May 25
bunol Grays HarDor May 25
Araso coos Bay May 26
Wnshtenaw..... Tacoma Hay 86
Progressist Departure Bay j ..May 28
Orizaba Mexico May 26
Sania How.. n»n i)ieua- May 27
Ban Bias Panama MaySS
Km pi re ; Portland May 28
St Paul : Newport. ! ..May 29
Acapulco ; Panama May 29
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
C P. Coast anh Oeodtctio Sfrvry Tims')
Eni.i.KTiv Published by Officiat. J-
At'THORITY OF THK SUPERT XTKNWtXT. J
Frldav May 22.
Bon rises 4 &SI Moon rises
Sunsets 7.21;M00n sets 1.46au
May — 1896.
S|l!™|»»«t|Z2™! Feet Feet I^l Fee!
g|L \V >{ W L W ii w
»| 1.50; 1.0 8.10 4.2! 1.881 i.2; 8.10, 5.3
Via 2.45J 0.2 SV24 4.4 2.30 1.6 8.46 5.7
24 1 8.39' -O.tt: 10.30 4.3 3.17 2.0 9.27 5.9
26; 43J —1.1:11.33 4.4 4.04 2.0 10. OK 6.0
26j 5.18 —i. 6! 12.31 4.4 4.48 2.9 10.50 6.1
27| tf.o7.— l.nj 1.30 4.5! 5.351 3.1 11.33 5.9
281 6.54-1.7 2.26J 44| 6.36 3.2j
.■votk— in the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morninir tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The sfcoud time
column cives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
Iminl column irives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere are but three tides, aa sometimes
occurs. The heichis Riven are additions to the
•otindinga on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
bi'lght. and then the number given is aubtractlvt
from the depth ir!vr>n by - he charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Bkanch Htdrooraphio Officb, U. 3. N. •»
Merchants' Eichavok. V
San Francisco. May 21. 1898. )
The tune ball on Telegrapn Hill wav drooped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c,, as noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. v.. Greenwich tima.
A. F. Fechteleb,
Lieutenant U. 8. N.. in charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
THURSDAY. May 21.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 18 hours from Monterey and
way ports: produce, to Good all. Perkins A Co.
stmr St Paul, ureen, 70 nonrs from Nbwport, etc;
puss and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
simr Point Arena. Johnson, 15 hours from Na
varro; pass and mdse, to Mendocino Lumber Co.
Bktn IManter, Dow, 18 days troni Honolulu;
sugar, to Williams, Dimond * Co.
Bchr Nettie Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes: 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer & Co; 100
cs cream, to California Creamery Co.
Cleared.
THURSDAY, May 21.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox; Pacific
Improvement Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
<fcCo.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. May 21.
Btmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Rival, Johnson.
Bum Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Stnir Arcata. Cousins. I'ortland.
stnir Santu BosSj, Alexander, san Diego.
Stmr Noyo, Lcviuson, Fort Bragg.
Slmr Greenwood. Carlsou.
Stmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
StmrCleone, Miller Crescent City.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendocino.
Sctir Gem, Oisen, Portland.
Schr Arthur I, Kro^', Iversens Landing,
ochr Corona, McAllep, Nicolaefskl.
Telejtraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 21-10 p. ic-Weathar
thick: windSE; velocay lOmllss.
Spoken.
May I—4 N, 24 W. Brship Forrest Hall, from
Liverpool for San Francisco.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON, May 21-Brship Pass of Malmaha,
from Tacoma for Queenstown, put into Stanley,
Fl, with cargo shifted, and had jettisoned a por
tion of cargo.
Domestic Ports.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed May 21— Nor
stmr Peter Jobse.n, for Nanaimo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 17— 9tmr Del
Norte. hence May 11.
Sailed May 20— Schr Marion, for San Francisco.
May 17— Schr Chas Hanson and bktn North Bend,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived May 21— Stmr Farallon, fm
Ynquina Bay.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 21— Scbr Comet,
for San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING-Arrived May 21-Schr
Monterey, hence May 20.
FORT ROSS-Sailed May 21— Schr Etta B, for
San Francisco.
PYRAMID HARBOR— Arrived prior to May 1 —
Stmr Elsie, hence Apr 2; ship Two Brothers, hence
Apr 4.
PORTLAND— Arrived May 21-Stmr Albion
from Seattle.
REDONDO-Salled May 21— Stmr Caspar; stmi
Protection, for San Francisco.
I'saL— Arrived May 21— Stmr Newsboy, hence
May 20.
NEW WHATCOM-sailed May 20-Bark Ger
mania, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed May 21-Schr WS Phelps
for Snn Francisco.
HUENEME— Arrived May 21— Stmr Caspar
from Reilondo.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed May 21-Stmr Alcazar,
for San Francisco.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 21-Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
Sailed May 20-Stmr Allianca, for Colon.
Foreign Port*.
HONGKONG-Salled May 20-Br stmr Empress
of Japan, for Vancouver.
LONDON— Sailed May 20— Br ship Amazon, for
San Diego.
CORK-Arrlved May 20— Br ship Glenrinarl,
hence Jan 23.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 20-Br ship Mare
chal Suchet, hence Dec 29.
Sailed May 19— Br ship Wythop. for Vancouver.
Movement* of Trim. Vtlantio Stea-nnr*.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 21— Stmr Halle,
from Bremen.
Sailed May 21— Stmr AugustaVlctoria, for Ham
burz: stmr Venetla. for Stettin and Copenhagen.
CHERBOURG— Arrived out May 21-Simr Nor
maimia.
BKKMERHAVEN— Arrived out May 21— Stmr
H H Mci r.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out May 21— Stmr
Vireinta.
GENOA-Salled May 21-Stmr Ems, for New
York.
QUEENSTOWN-Balled May 21-Stmr Majestic,
for New York.
PORTLAND, EXG— Sailed May 21 — Stmr
Obdam. for New York. i
DIN.NET HEAD— Passed May 21— 8tmr Norge,
from New York for Copenhagen.
Importations.
NEWPORT— Per St Paul— 3o bis oranges, 32
bxs lemons.
East San Pedro— ss9 sks corn. 50 cs canned fish.
Los Angeles, via East San Pedro— lo pkgs mdse.
Los Angeles, via San Pedro— 2 cs cheese, 60 cs
honey. '-' bbls rubber.
San Pedro— s6 pkgs mdse.
Gavto:a-9 pkgs mdse. 1 bdl pelts.
Ventura— 6 bza butter, 9 pki-s mdse, a bxs dry
fruit, 75 bxs lemons. 13 bxs oranges. » pkes doves.
Hueneme— 4 pkgs mdse, Ibx maple syrup.
Santa Barbara— '29 pkgs mdse, 109 bxs lemons, 5
pkss oak, 189 pkg green hides, 20 bxs oranges, 17
Porfllarford— 20 tuba 1 keg 35 bxs butter, 9cs
cheese. 19 cs eg?s. 3 pkgs mdse, 1 bdl pelts, 1 bx
beeswax, 22 bxa fish.
Los Olivos— 672 sks wheat.
Miles— sks beans.
Cayucos-4 kexs 82 bxs butter, 5 cs eggs, 1 bdl
skins, 8 pk-K9 mdse. 1 dressed calf
San Simeon— l coop chickens, 41/2 cs eggs. 4 kgs
82 bxs butter, 5 dressed calved. 7 pk^s mdse.
MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— 27 empties, 1 br
China candy. 9cs cheese. 7 dxs butter, Ibx dusters.
Moss Landing— l% bxs butter. 2 cs eggs.
Watsonvllle— B4s sks barley, 2 aks rubber.
Salinas— 277 sks barley.
Blanco— l cseggs.
Santa Cru* 4S CS cheese, R bdls l»ather. 17 bbls
burlap, '-'75 bbls lime. 1 trunk personal effects.
I'KINT ARKNA-I'f-r I'oln: Arcna-1 firkin srt
bxs biluer, •_' os eggs, :> coops Chickens, 28 110-,'s, 10
dressed hogs. 1 ye 5 pkgs mdse.
Navarro— l bx hardware, sou r r ties.
Consignees.
Por St Paul— Eveleth * Xash: HlIlsBros; Wad
hams & Co: Xewrnark ct Edwal Is: New York ii.lt
inj; and Parking Co: IJodse. Sweeney* Co: JM
Filming; Kowalsky A Co: Wieland Brewing Co;
Dairymen's Union; J X Armsby <fc Co: Minak.r .fe
W. lh;uiks; C Carpy it Co: Allen <fc Lewis: I! r
A.lenninus; Imniol <t Co; Baker it Flamilton ; II
V Cubing; Blssim;er&Co: Wheaton, Breon & Co:
J Ivancovlch <fe < o: Brigham, HoppeftCo; Ans-.in
it Co; Witrel * Baker; Goodall, Pf-rkins & Co; a
Levy* Co: Sawyer Tanning Co; Roasdk Hewlett;
De Bernardi it Co: Marshall, Teggart .t Co; Jam",
Brown; ElrU«»ger*Gallnger; F b Haigst; Pacific
Milling Co: San Francisco Fish Co: Schweitzer <fc
Co; American Union Fish Co; G Camllloni A Co:
X B Stevens it Co: O B Smith A Co; Et; Lyons A
Co: Getz Bros it Co; C E Whitney & Co: Davids n
& Miller; Montgomery <fe Co: Standard Oil Co: M
Levy <t Co; Dalton Hros; Kntcrpris- Brewery; T It
BVarney; piatcher & Harris; Garcia & Magk'im:
J R White; American Biscuit Co; O Fitbet : (his
Jacobson&Co: J \Vis;morc <s J Melczer it
Co; KeVilleACO: ililmcr. Bretllioff A Schulz; A
Wyss: H N TililenitCo: California Rot linn Co: F
Iri A Co; studeimker iiros; Calcaco Brewery; M
Mendelsohn; Western Jfe.it Co; Hoo'cerAco; II
Kirchman.
Per Gipsy— Lanjrley & Michaels; Standard :. Co;
F B llalght; Brigham, Hoppe it Co; Pad He Fruit
Market; M T KreTtaa ft <o; Hammond it 15n>l: W
F Mitcheil: H >' Tilden A Co: Dairymen s Union;
Norton, Teller A Co; Herman Joosi: IIDu::ir! i
Meyer A Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Cil B
Co: Wheaton, Brton A Co: Kron TAnniiiK Co: (al
Paint Co: Descalso Bros; Jonas Krlan^er A Co;
Ames A Dallam; Bowers Rubber Co: Hills Bros:
M Waterman; II Cowell A Co; B G Ruhl A Co.
Per Point Arena— Rosa * Hewlett; Wm Lobie:
Wilson A Baechtel; Dairymen's Union; Mendocino
LomberCo; Calm. Nii-klesburtr A Co: standard 0.1
Co; Russ. Sanders A Co; Norton. Teller A Co: C D
ford; Baker A Hamilton; F BHaigbt; W B Hunt
ley: O B Smith A Co.
Fur Late. *tiippinfJ Intfllirjence See F)ft'e.nth PniK
ocEAir steamships:
ASTORIA AND.PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
etate of California sails. May 23 and June 2
Columbia sails May 18 and 2S
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
eOUX>AI>U PERKINS Jt. CO., Genl. Supt*.
i". i". CONNOR, General Agent.
630 Market street.
wane COAST STEAMSHIP cohpaji
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class S&O.OO
Second Class S3OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 .Yew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. '
Oeueral Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEIMSHIP COfIPATI
STEAMER.'' WILL BAIL FROM. Az>a
O Broadway wharf, aan i'rancisco, as £ZJ£g£
fOllOWS: "-*-
For Mary Island, Lorln?. WraneeU Juneau. Kil-
Ilsnoo ana Bitka (Alaska), at a a. m., May 14.
£9, June 3. 13, IS. VH.
l"or Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
wad, SeatUe. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 am.
May 4. 9. 14, I!'. 24. -.'9. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltti
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R
at Seattle with G. X. Ry., at Port Townsend wlta
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Ilunv
boldt Bay) Btr. Pomona, 2 p. it., May ■1, 5. 9
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter!
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoi,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
3, 7. 11, 18, 19, 23. 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter. *
For .■an Dle-ro, stopping only at Port Harfori
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa ■ Barbara, Port ■ Lo»
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M.. May 1. 5. 0. 13, 17, 21, 26. 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Ran Jose del Cnbo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m., June 1, 27, ana 25tli of each month there-
ftft r.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
UOODALL, PERKINS it CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market st. San Francisco-
CO3IPAGXIE GENERAL TRA.TSATLASTIQUE
French Line to Havre. .
/^OMPANY'>PIER(NEW),42NURTH am
V., 1 River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -£SI&Z9
this line avoid both transit oy English rstlway a 35
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $ ltKt: second-class, $118.
I A TOURAINE. Capt. Santelli.. . May 23, 8 a m
LA NORMANDIE .'...May US, 8 A.' M."
LA GASCOGNE ... Ju c JO. 7 a.m.
LA SO« ■UXIIIr, July 4. 6 A. M.
I.A GASOOONE July 25, 11 a. K.
LA NOR « A Autrnst 1, Si. M
I.A ROURfSOONE. Capt. Leb >enf ..lime 6, 7 a. si
tS~ For further particulars apply to
*r q » A. FORGET,' Agent,
, v vrnF'% 3 Bo.v iDS Green New Yorfc
J. F. FCGA/I & CO Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, flxg^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, KB by
AUSTRALIA. %# S.S. AUSTRALIA,
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Sntur
day. May 23, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. S. MoNOWAI sails via HONOLULU an<
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May 2$
at 2 p. m. ■
LinetoCOOLGARDTE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELS 4; BROS. CO., Agts.,
114 Montgomery it.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
WHITE _STAR USB.
United States and Royal - Hail Steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING KVKKV WtKK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- J>f*m^
lnc to steamer and accommodations 4559t
selected; second cabin, 36 and *40; Maje*uc mid
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVER V, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
! General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under rand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER,
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAMJACRET COIFASI.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL /£*«*.«
fortnightly for tbe West Indies and (Slfidi
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land paasengera.
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treat*
■re to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thlri
«Urn, 97 M> Vox further particulars apply to
PABUOTT <% CO., Agent*.
. 306 California at
STOCKTON STEAMERS i
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
Sunday at Daily.- ... ■. ■
sunaay at 7 P. M. . *
A3- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
' STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, j. d p ft teric
Mary Garratt. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impu Co.
PALLEJO, HARK mm *l>E.\l€Ll, PORT
COSTA 111 I'ROIKKTT.
STR. MOMICKLLO,
D * a^* except Saturday and Sunday- 10:30 a. »
and 4 p. m. : Saturday, 10:30 a. v., S.iQr Ml
•4*. U. only. *™**y-»*-x.
Landing, Bliasion l, Pi«t a.DOCTORS FIGHT
ON THE FERRY.
Satisfaction Demanded for
an Insult to a
Wife.
AN APOLOGY REFUSED.
Drs. Cracz and Cahusac Resort
to Physical Force on the
Lower Deck.
SEPARATED BY THE CAPTAIN.
Both Men Tell Their S ory— Cahusac
an Employe in Wilder's •
Office.
Oaki axp Office Bab Francipco Call,)
906 Broadway, May 21. f
There was a genuine bare-knuckle con
test on the narrow-gauge ferry-boat that
left San Francisco at 6:45 to-night. The
principals were Dr. Louis Y. Cranz and
Dr. C. B. Cahusac, and the cause of the
encounter was an alleged insult to Dr.
Cranz's wife and daughter by Dr. Cahusac.
The fight lasted several minutes, and th<?
crowd thai always crosses the bay at that
time made no effort to stop the contest
ants, as they both showed an inclination
to play fair. Finally the captain left the
pilot-house and went on the lower deck
and separated the angry medicos.
Dr. Cahusac" got decidedly the worst of
it all the way through, and nis knuckles
were bleeding freely at the close. His
face showed marks of punishment and he
was greatly in need of breath.
Dr. Cranz did not altogetner escape
punishment, but his carnages were com
paratively slight.
During tne encounter enough expres
sions escaped the men's lips to let the in
terested throng know that a woman was
at the bottom of the whole affair, but the
doctors were so excited that it was difficult
to teil who was tne aggrieved or who was
the transgressor.
After being separated Dr. Cranz rushed
over to his panting adversary and shouted
with upraised fist:
"If you don't apologize to me before to
morrow I'll beat the life out of you."
As the men ieft the boat they were
asked regarding tbe trouble. Dr. Cranz
Bpoke veiy freely. He said:
■■'i'liat man Cahusac was a neighbor of
ours for a long time. My office is in San
Francisco, and I live at 1411 St. Charles
t. Alameda. Cahusic is an auditor
or something in Mr. Wilder's office. He
poses as a doctor. Sometime ago he of
fered an insult to my little daughter. S;>e
told her mother, and Mrs. Cranz, fearing
my wrath, did not at once teil me. After
that he attempted to make love to my
iv.feaud has followed up his attentions,
and at la^t she told me of his insults.
"1 found him on the boat to-night and
I demanded an immediate apology. He
refused to apologize, and I proceeded to
satisfy myself some other way. Uniesa he
apologizes I will thrash him every time we
meet.
•*I befriended him some time ago when
he was hard up, and he repays me by in
sulting my family. If be does not apolo
gize to-night 1 shall hunt him up to-mor
row. I shali report his conduct to Mr.
Wilier, and I do not think the railroad
will care to retain such an employe."
Dr. Cahusac was surprised at his treat
ment. He handed out a card which read,
"Dr. C. B. Cahusac, 1416 St. Charles street,
Alameda." He lives at present at 3265
Central avenue.
•It is all a surprise to me," said Dr.
Cahusac to-night. "We have always been
friends, and I am at a loss to account for
it at all. lam sure that Dr. Cranz has no
grievance against me, and I refuse to
apologize. It is all very strange. I sup
pose I shall get the worst of it, but 1 really
don't Know what it all means."
Dr. Cahusac did not ride up from the
mole in the same coach with Dr. Cranz.
ELEVENTH AMENDMENT
The Alameda Woman's Suffrage
Convention Opens Bril
liantly.
"The Call's" Espousal of the Cause
Meets With the Assemblage's
Hiarty Approval.
AL A.MEDA, Cal., May 21.— The Woman
Suffrage Convention, held under the au
spices of the Political Equality Club of Ala- j
rueda, was called to order this afternoon at
3 o'clock by Mrs. C. L. Wood, president ol
the society, in Armory Hall. The stage
was festooned with ivy and eschscholtzias
and looKed exceedingly hanasome.
Quite 400 ladies were present, but the
edict of not wearing hats was forgotten,
only some twenty ladies appearing in
their seats minus their headgear. On the
siage were seated members of the two
local organizations— the Political Equality
CJub and the Woman's Auxiliary.
Mrs. Wood introduced Mis.-* Mary G.
Hay from Indianapolis, who is a National
or/ani^er of the Woman's Suffrage Asso
ciation, and she. took charge of the meet
ing. Aitcr a hymn and prayer Miss Hay
in clear and concise tones threw conipli- [
men's at Alameda. She said it was the;
banner county and that the ladies of tiie |
city had planned the most systematic j
scheme fur obtaining voters in favor of
amendment eleven. She recapitulated I
Susan B. Anthony's work in this direction
during the last half century, and drew at
tention to the iact that twenty-eight States
allowed women to vote in school matters,
one In municipal, ami three— Wyoming,
Colorado and Utah— gara them equal
rights with male voters. She alluded to
the badge and asked ea:h one to wear it
to provoke discussion.
"The majority of the press in the State
i- in favot of the movement," she said.
"When The Call of San Francisco nob.y
came out and stated in its editorials and
columns that it would light for the pas
sage of the amendment, it took a step it
will never regret. It brought oth«r papers
to their senses, arid they are now advo
cating the measure, thoujrh not so posi
tively as The Call. The ministers, too,
are in line on the question, and we hope
the masses are al*o. So now we are stand
ing on vantage ground. Yet unless every
one works to secure its passage it is likely
no» to carry."
Mru. Wood then formally welcomed
Miss Hay to Alameda as one of the W T i?e
Women from across the Rockies. Miss
Hay reeponded, and then Mrs. N. F.
Bovren of Alameda delivered an address
on "The Ideal Government." The gist of
the address was a contention that every
thing to be ideal or perfect must contain a
duality of male and female qualities.
Rev. Mrs. E. T. Wiikes followed with a
stirrinc address on "Why Do I Want the
Ballot?" She said: "I want tbe Dallot,
not because I think if women are granted
votes it will bring about the millennium;
not because I think it will make all women
ali-wise, all-virtuous and all-powerful, but
because I think there is an abnormal em
phasis put upon sex."
Miss Severance, in her trenchant style,
followed with a discourse on "Woman as a
Taxpayer," and then the convention
closed for the day.
In the evening Miss Yates addressed a
larger assemblage than in the afternoon.
Quite half of the audience was composed
of men. Her address was a historical and
humorous description of the inequalities
women have lived and suffered under dur
ing the past hundred years. The various
flimsy excuses tcr not attending conven
tions and discussing this question were
treated to kindly sarcasms hignlv enjoyed.
The butchers and their wives of Alameda,
all going to Shell Mound Park yesterday,
was dilated upon, and she wondered what
would have been said if all the crush and
jamming had been of men and women
going to vote.
Tn-morrow afternoon Rev. Anna Shaw
will use her famous ballot-box, and in the
evening she will address the male voter.
Board of Education.
ALAMEDA, Cal, May 21.— Only three
members of the board attended the meeting
Tuesday evening. Three applications for
positions as teacher and one for a janitor
ship were received. Mrs. E. M. North re
signed her position as teacher in the Wil
son school. The county appropriation
was notified to be $6601 65." It was resolved
to grant a half holiday to the school chil
dren on May i' 9. Accounts to the amount
of $372 were passed for payment.
The principal of the high school reported
$209 25 as the net proceeds of the late en
tertainment in Armory Hall, and he was
instructed to handle the money for the
purchase of suitable books for the high
school library. The school superintend
ent called the attention of the board to the
fact that 672 children had not attended
schooi during the past year, and pointed
out that section 64 of the act of 1874 pro
vided for compul&ory education. The
matter was referred to the judiciary com
mittee. The census marshal's report was
accepted.
The compulsory law provides that chil
dren must attend school between the ages
of s ana 14 years. The law is a dead letter
in the State". The School Suj erimendetit
was requested to i»ct as truant inspector,
and report the non-attendants to the ju
diciary committee.
Alameda Republicans.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. May 21.— The Regular
Republican Club met this evpnine in the
Linderman Opera-house. Fifty members
wire present." The delegates to Sacra
mento gave a lengthy report of their do
ings at the convention. It was decided to
organize precinct committees at the earli
est possible moment. Mr. Walker of 0 k
land stated that it was t:ie intention fo or
ganize a young men's Republican club for
the county, the rirst meeting to be held in
Fraternal Ha!i, Oakland, to-morrow nigtit.
A drill corps for the Presidential cam
paign is to be formed and in future the
club meetin s will be held on Saturday
night in G. A. R. Hall.
Two Inquest*.
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 21 —Evidence of
a negative character, was taken by the Cor
oner to-day as to when and where the un
known woman and man met their deaths
at the beginning of the week. The jury in
each case returned a verdict of death by
drowning. An extraordinary conflict of tes
tirnonv is apparent between the evidence
of J. W. Johnson, the master of the Annie
Eliza, and Mrs. Charles Evans, who lives
about seventy feet away from where the
woman's body was found. Mrs. Evans
persists in saying the Annie Eliza came in
on Wednesday, and tne captain that he
did not get in until late Friday night.
Matthew Schneider Dead.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 21.— Matthew
Schneider died at his home, 205E5 Clinton
avenue, this evening from the effects of an
operation. He was an old resident of Ala
n-.eda, and for many years agent of The
Call in this city. He was 51 years of age,
a native of (iermany, and leaves a widow
and three children.
DUE TO A BROKEN FLANGE
Serious Accident to an Electric
Car Near Lake Merritt
Dam.
It Left the Track, Lurched Violently
and Badly Injured Many Pas*
sengers.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, May 20 . )'
A broken flange od the wheel of a car of
the Haywards electric road caused a serious
accident yesterday morning. The car was
approaching Oakland, and had crossed the
dam over Lake Merritt in safety. As it
took the curve at the east end of the dam
the car jumped the track, and several
passengers were injured.
There were seventeen passengers on the
car, and they were jostled and thrown
about with considerable violence. One of
the passengers, named Johnson, says he
was projected through a window. There
were several pnsienpers standing on the
front platform when the accident occurred
They were shot off, and landed in the.
mud.
W. B. Zimmerman thus explains the
catastrophe: "The accident was caused by
the breaking of tbe flange on the forward
wheel on the left-hand side, that is, the
; <-!de toward the south. The piece of tbe
flange which broke off was about six
inches long. The car had met with an
other accident shortly before on the trip
to town. We did not discover that until
after the accident on Twelfth street. In
the first accident the same wheel lost an
other piece of its flange. It dropped it on
Fifth avenue, near Sixteenth street. The
piece of the flange that broke off there was
about a foot anil a half long. That piece
was also picked up and taken back to the
power-house. I had the car running at
the rate of about seven miles an hour at
the time of the accident. That was a little
slower than tbe usual rate of speed, and
the car was going up grade at the time."
Dr. Wendte Called Eatt.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21.— Rev. C. W.
Wendte of the First Unitarian Church of
j this city is now in Boston on bis wedding |
! tour, and has been invited to fill the pulpit I
1 of the Church of the Unity of Boston. !
! Last year t c Rev. Mr. Wendte tendered
I his resignation of the Oakland pulpit, but
then it was because of some dissatisfaction
with the way in which the church finances
had been conducted, and to give the con
gregation the privilege of choosing a suc
cessor if it desired to do so. But the church
spoke as with one voice and requested the
pastor to remain. The burden of the deDt,
which had been troubling him, was light
ened a little.
Graduation at Snell'g.
OAKLAND. Cal.. May 21.— The gradu
ating exercises of the ciass of '96 of Snell's
Seminary were held this afternoon. The
irraduates are Misses Catherine Emelie
Chabot. Oakland; Marpueri'n Deininger,
Alameda; Agnes Maud Gowling. Summit ;
Yera McCorcf Kinible, Fresno; Mary I»a
-beile Rice* Ventura; Mary Ellen Skiflinirs,
Alameda; Ora Augusta W r ood, Wheatland.
West Oakland Marsh.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21.— The West
Oakland Improvement Club is jubilant
over the prospect of having the land lying
between Pine street and the railroad track
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 2L\ 1896.
from Taylor street north to Fourteenth
filled in and thus do away with what has
been a nuisance in that part of the city for
many years. The land is below tide level
aiid sewage has been turned into it until
it has become a most terrible menace to the
health of all residents within a mile.
Young I* Terrified.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21.— F. F. Young,
the messiah of Fruitvale, has received a
letter threatening that if he does not leave
the home of Lieutenant Lasker within five
days he will be "induced" to go in a man
ner in which ceremony will be waived.
Young has asked the Chief of Police for
protection.
Daltnn Is Sued.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21.— County Aud
itor W hidden has served a notice on As
sessor Dalton to uay into the County
Treasurer $191 25 Dersonal property taxes
of the Postal Telegraph Company. Dnder
the law the Assessor is responsible for all
delinquent personal property taxes.
Found Mead in Her Bed.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21.— Mrs. Mary
Murray, an old woman living in a lodging
house on Seventh street, was found dead
in bed to-day. Nothing is known of the
deceased except that she attended Father
King's church.
HUNTINGTON HIS TEXT.
A Vallejo Preacher Gathering Data on
the Railway Magnate's
Career.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21.— Rev. W. L.
Gaston, pastor of tho Cornell Baptist
Church at Vallejo, is obtaining data for
the purpose of preaching a sermon on C.
P. Huntington's protection from justice
on account of his wealth. He has writ en
to W. B. Soule, formerly president of the
County Federation of Labor, to help nim.
Rev. W. L. Gastou says: "You will re
member that in the sacred volume we
read that King Solomon made eolden tar
gets and golden shields. This, it occurs
to me, would be an excellent foundation
for a lesson on the issues of the
day. 1 might ttnd occasion to denounce
the encroachment of concentrated wealth
upon every division of government, its
[ oppression of labor, together witti its utter
disregard of right and law. As you know,
all archers to-day shoot at the golden
target. Many hijch-hai.ded criminals v:o
-! late all law with impunity; plunder me
j public, then evade justice and escape retri
! bution by hiding behind goldt-n shields.
"If you have any data that bear directly
J upon the abnormal greed of man, or of the
! rich escaping t c day ot judgment because
j of money, will you kindly put them in my
possession? If you have any data con
cerning the attempt to arrest C. P. Hunt
ington for violating the interstate com
merce act by i^uing a free pass to an
Oakland attorney named Stove, will you
send them also?"
The request of the Vallejo clergyman
was handed to Thomas J. Kobers, the
A. R. U. leader of the last great strike,
who replied to it,
HE DREW TWO PENSIONS.
Dual Existence of Albert Cox,
Also Kn wn as
Law. on.
Secret Service Ag nt Harris Wants a
Man Who Defrauded the
Government.
Oakland Officx San Fbasoboo Call,)
908 Broadway, May 21. f
Albert T. Col, an aged G. A. R. veteran.
is charged with the serious offejise of h.iv
ine fraudulently obtained a second pension
from the United States Government under
an assumed name after having i ad one
issued under his own name. As a conse
quence Deputy United Slat's BecTet Ser
vice Agent Harris has been searching this
city for the pa6t two days with a warrant
for his arrest, but as yet has found no
trace of him.
From the story told it would appear that
he has discounted the story of "Dr.
J*kyl! and Mr. Hyde" for a year or more.
During this time he I as been an inmate of
the Yountville Soldiers' Home as Albert
T. Cox and also at the Santa Monica Sol
diers' Home, but as another individual,
being known there as George Lawson. It
i~ under this name that he is charged with
having secured the second pension and for
which he is wanted.
Cox is an unmarried man about GO years
of age, and is said to be a very shrewd in
dividual, notwithstanding he has a strong
liking for liquor. For several months he
had been receiving mail directed to George
Lawson, but threw off suspicion by telling
that Lawson was on old soidier friend of
his, who Jived in the Hawaiian Islands,
and that he was trying to secure a pension
for him.
The pension was granted Lawson by the
Government about three weeks ago, and he
received back pay to the amount of $iW at
the same time. "Soon after this Cox oame
up from Santa Monica with his pockeis
full of money. He has drawn a pension
as Cox for about two years. At Santa
Monica the superintendent says tiiere is
no Cox; but that there is a George Law
son. Much surprise is expressed that he
was able to carry his plans out so success
fully.
COLLEGE MEN IN
BIBLE STUDIES.
Y. M. C. A. Summer School
Will Open To-Day at
Cazadero.
A TEN DAYS' SESSION.
Such Men as Dr. Dille and Dr.
Coyie Will Partici
pate.
FIRST OF THE KIND HERE.
Mornings to Be Spent in Bible Stndy
and Afternoons in Recrea
tion.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 21.— The first
Students' Summer School for Christian
Education in the history of the Young
Men's Christian Association on the
Pacinc Coast will open to-morrow
evening at Cazadero and continue until
Sunday, May 31. This school will be con
ducted under the direction of the college
department of the international commit
tee of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion of the United States and British
Provinces.
Delegates from the various colleges all
along the coast have been arriving daily,
many of whom have been quartered in
Berkeley, awaiting th* opening of the
school. A large party from the Willam
ette University and the University of
Oregon came down on the last steamer.
The school will be ol special interest to
students of the State University, since
from that institution will be drawn the
largest number o; attendants from any
one university represent' d. C, C. Mkh
ener of Boston, one of the international
secretaries, has bee n most prominent and
aciive in outlining the work of the school.
Among those from San Francisco ana
Oakland who will participate in the vari
ous sessions are Key. E. K. Dille, D.D. ;
Key. Robert F. Coyle, D.D. ; Right Ilev.
\\ . Ford Nichols, Bisnop of California;
Rev. E. S. Chapman, D.D. ; Rev. J. Cuni
ming Smith; John L. Spear«. State Secre
tary ot the Y'tunt: Men's « hristian Asso
ciation of California; H. J. McCoy,
Secretary of the San Francisco association.
Hugh"McA. Beaver, college secretary of
Pennsylvania, will conduct the Bi'ble
class work of the school.
Th»' mornint: and evening sessions will
be given op to Bible study and various
branches of Christian work, and the entire
afternoon each day will be devoted to ath
letics and recreation.
The department of athletics will be
under the direction of Charles A. Elston of
the State University, Charles S. Dole of
Stanford University, and Byrou Van
Lcuven of Pomona College.
The Missionary Institute of Volunteers
will be under the care of George Sherwood
Eddy, Yale 'f*2. He was traveling secre
tary of the student volunteer movement
last year and represented the American
students at the missionary gathering held
in Liverpool early in 1896. S. M. Sayford
of Boston, who is known as the college
evangelist, accorupani d Mr. Michener'to
the coast when he came a few weeks ago,
and will have much to do with the work
of the school. He will deliver "he prin
cipal evangelistic addresses. Mr. Sayford
is a graduate of Gettysburg College and
represents no sect or denomination. His
expenses are paid by a committee of
wealthy gentlemen in the East to work in
the interest of the Y. M. C. A.
The Summer School will be conducted
on principles similar to those upon which
D. L. Moody's school at Northfield, Mass.,
has been conducted so successfully for
several years past. Much interest is
manifested in the work by the representa
tives from Berkeley, since it was at the
convention held in Stiles Hall last fall that
plans for the establishment of the school
were consummated.
They Are After the Men.'
BERKELEY, Cal., May 21.— Between
now and election time next November
every voter in Berkeley will be interviewed
by some member of the local Citizens'
Suffrage Society's campaign corps. A
plan has been adopted by the ladies
through which every voter will be seen
personal ly and prevailed upon to support
the cause of equal suffrage as indicated by
the proposed eleventh amendment to the
State constitution. They have prepared
lists of names and divided the town into
working districts. Voters who do not
readily yieli to the solicitations of the
ladies will be set down on a separate list,
so when one has done all one could with
a particular man another will be turned
on him. If the second lady does not suc
ceed a third one will try her fortune on
the obstinate voter.
Work has already been commenced and
a list of the supporters and non-support
ers of the suffrage cause is being kept Dy
Mrs. Ereanor Carlisle. The convention
held yesterday afternoon and evening im
bued the suffrage workers of Berkeley
with new interest and enthusiasm in the
cause. One of the leaders of tbe cause in
Berkeley remarked to-day tnat her co
laborers had put on the full armor of the
cause and were prepared for the campaign
to be waged in the hope of striking out
the word "male" from that part of the
State constitution which refers to the
voting franchise.
About a Wigwam.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 21.—Republi
cans in Berkeley are still discussing the
wiuwam project which it is proposed to
have erected in West Berkeley for the pur
pose of accommodating political meetings
during the coming Presidential campaign.
■The present plan contemplates a building
about seventy by forty feet, supplied with
necessary anterooms and other accommo
dations.
Relief Society Benefit.
BERKELEY, Cal.. May 21.-The Rev.
Fattier Thomas Sweeney will cive a ste
reopticon lecture in Odd Fellows' Hall to
morrow evening for the benefit of the local
Catholic Relief Society. Following are the
new officers which have been elected by
the society: Miss Theresa Matthews, presi
dent; Miss Mary JacKson, secretary.
Kelenae of Butters.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 21. — The
friends in Berkeley of Charles Butters,
one of the prisoners who have been so
long confined in prison at Pretoria, South
Africa, rejoiced to-day to learn of his re
lease, and the prospects of his immediate
return to California, Butters is an old
resident of the college town, and gradu
ated from the university in 1879.
WED BY FATHER AKERLY
Quiet Home Nuptials of Superior Judge
A. L. l i i.v and Miv Til
lie M. Bader.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21.— Very quiet
but very impressive was the ceremony that
united judge A. L. Frick to Miss Tillie M.
Bader at the residence of the bride's
mother this morning.
lhe elaburate nuptial ceremony which
their many friends had anticipated was
supplanted by a quiet home wedding, in
accordance with the wishes of those most
interested. None but immediate relatives
of the bride and groom were present in *be
parlors that were hung in an artistic man
r.er with wreaths and bouquets of varied
flower.-.
Rev. Father Akerly, rector emeritus of
St. Johns Episcopal Church, performed
the ceremony.
The bridal bower was in the alcove of the
back parlor. It was prepared with excel
lent taste, and was covered with ferns,
palms and roses.
As soon as the sound of tbe wedding
march was heard the bridal party entered.
First came the bride and and they
were followed by the eroomsman, J. F.
Frick, brother of the groom, and Miss
Louisa Bader, sister of the bride.
The bride was gowned in cream silk
trimmed with lace, white ribbons and
orange blossoms. She curried a lurge bou
quet of oranee blossoms. The bridesmaid
iooke<l very pretty in a dress of light blue,
trimmed with white lace and blue ribbons.
The ceremony was short and impressive,
and many congratulation^ followed.
Among ttiose present were Mrs. Jos
ephine Bader, mother of the bride; Mrs.
M. If. Beach, Mrs. ii. D. Bwift.Mn. P.
Tulan, Mrs. \V. R. Ferry and Miss Laura
Bader, sisters of the bride; Miss Blanche
Frick, sister, and J. P. and G. W. Frick,
brothers of the groom, the last named be
ing accompanied by his wile; Miss Clara
Hefferman, Albert Bader, a brother of the
of the bride; Mrs. Francis L. Thomas and
a fewothers.
Judge and Mrs. Frick left this afternoon
for a trip that will include a stay at San
Andr as, the former home of the bride.
FIELDMEN OF ST. MARY'S.
Their Annual Field Day an Athletic
Sucoeg*.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 21.— The annual
field day of the St. Mary's College Athletic
Association was held on the college cam
pus this afternoon. Owing to the inclem
ent weather, however, the attendance was
limited and the ardor of the participants
was considerably cooled.
The events and their winners were as
follows:
100-yard dash— William A. Kelly first, S. Hay
second. Time, lO\i seconds.
ItHJ-yard maiden dash— First heat, John L.
Huff h'Vst. O. Welch second. Time, 11 seconds.
Second heat, William EL McSorley first, Joseph
K. Campbell second. Time, 11 seconds. Final
heat, John F. Huff first, W. U. McSorley sec
ond. Time, 10 4-5 seconds.
lti-pound hammer throw, handicap — John F.
Sullivan (scratch) 109.6 feet, John Smith (4
feet) 102 feet.
Putting slxteen.pound shot, handicap — John
K. Huff, scratch, 39 feet; J. F.Sullivan, scratch,
37.3 feet.
Two hundred and twenty-yard run handi
eai.—First heat, William A. Kelly, scratch,
lirst; T. H. Richardson second. Time. 20 sec
onds. Second heat, W. H. McSorley 4 yard?,
first; 3. I- Tnaffe, 6 yards, seccid. Time. '2s
seconds. Final heat. William A. Kelly, scratch.
Brst; J. L. Taaffe, 6 yards, second. Time, '24
seconds.
Pole vault for distance, handicap— John E.
Huff, scratch, 20.10 feet; C. J. Mogan, ii Inches,
19.5.
Auction Sales
RECEIVER^ SALE.
M. J. SIMMONS AUCTION CO. (INC.)
Salesroom 1057 Market St., Opp. Jouei.
WILL SELL THIS DAY.
Friday. May 22, 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises.
No. 117 Eddy Street.
By order of the Kecelver
The Stock and Fixtures of tbe * wan Saloon
COMPRISING IX PART
One large and elegaui Oil Painting by A. D.
Cooper, cost $-.000, elegant Walnut Bar and Mirror-
bark BacKbar wlih railings, Nickel-plate Na-
tional Cash Register. Wilsh re Fire-proof Safe,
one nine-room Electric Indicator, Two Barrels
Kentucky Whisky, Lot Assorted Bottled Ooads,
Nickel-plated W.xter Heater, Largp Beer Chest
ana Cooler, Cuspidors, Screen, three Po-;er Tables,
Fif iv Chairs, Walnut Writing Desk, (.'enter Tables,
Carpels, Linoleum, and a large lot of Glassware.
H. S. KOZMINsKY. Auctioneer.
ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Antique and Modern High Art.
419 KEARSY ST.
THIS DAY.
Friday May 22, 1896,
AT 2 P. M.
More than 100 cases of new poods ex S. S. China,
opened and now on sale, consisting of every kind
of JapaiiHS" and Oriental goods, including Kugs of
every vlze, Antique Bronzes. Kagu Satsuma,A\vata,
Cloisonne. Bisbue, Kochl. etc.. etc.
Two elegant presents given to the. ladies daily
attending the sale at '2 p. it. Chairs for the ladies.
V. T. KEEJjAH. Aiiriioiu-er.
RICH MEN IN OAKLAND
T. L Barker Says There Is a
Vicious Feeling Toward
Them.
Counci men Said to Ignore Everything
That App als to Common
Sense.
Oakland Office San* Fraxcisco Call,^
908 Broadway, May l'L )
T. L. Barker, one of the wealthiest men
in the city, has sated s-everal reasons why
men of means will not come to Oakland or
invest here.
An article in last Monday's Call, relat
ing to the little that has been done by rich
men in the way of adorning the city, has
promited a very interesting reply from
Mr. Barker. He writes:
"When ii is said 'there is not a single
vestige of evidence tending to show that
a public-spiriied man ever lived m Oak
land' some explanation is necessary. Ex
ception must be made of the Chabot Home
and the Chabot Observatory. The one
was given and endowed, and has been for
years and is now active and useful. The
other wa3 wnolly Riven as it now stands
equipped to the city, and by the city ac
cepted. And tbe san.e city that accepted
the gift will not to-day allow the water
company, established and to a large ex
tent, owned by Mr. Chabot while he lived,
and now by his heirs, to furnish water to
the building given by him. He also cave
the Ladies' Relief Society and Old Ladies'
Home GOO shares of water stock, worth
then $50,000— worth now $20,000— which is
si ill owned by that society.
"There has always been a somewhat
vicious fe»li'is toward men of means liv
ing in Oakland, which has tended to sour
them; ana" within the past three years
that feeline has been intensified, and is
now daily encouraged, and exists to such
an extent as to prevent men of means
from coming here to live and bringing
their money with them. No wealthy man
in his right mind would now come to this
city to live. We have an established rep
utation, and our city rulers seem to be la
boring, not in the interest of Oakland and
its citizens, but seeing how they can spite
Davie; not for one moment considering
bis suggestions and vetoes, but endeavor
ing to sit on them, without any consider
ation, because Davie suggests.
"Notwithstanding there has never been
a time when there were so many reasons
for fixing a very low tax lew as now, they
seem to be trying their very best to get rid
of all the money in sight and to throw
mud at any one who suggests a low rate of
taxation."
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office sax Francisco Call, \
90S Broadway, May 21. \
John Alsop was found guilty of robbery in
Judge Greene's court to-day, but was recom
mended to the mercy of the court.
Mary Boyle has asked to be appointed ad
ministratrix of the estate of Owen Boyle, who
has left real estate valued at abou*. $5000.
James 1-ilbon, wanted here for robbery, has
been captured at Seattle. It is hardly prob
able, however, that Filbon will bo. brought
back for trial.
E. C. Chapman has sued the estate of Joseph
Macdonough to recover $400 for legal services
said to have been rendered the deceased dur
ing his lifetime.
The class of June '96. of the High School,
intend giving a burlesque of "Julius Casar"
as the most important feature of the exercises
on Thursday afternoon ol" next week.
John Forgie, well known in Scottish circles,
parsed n\v;iy last evening at his home, 567
Fourteenth street. Ho was 51 years of age and
had resided here thirteen years. He was a
merchant tailor by occupation.
Editor E. L. Marshall of the Alameda Tele
gram has filed a stipulation, stating that he
has ascertained that the article* published
upon which R. B. Tappan sued him for libel
were without any foundation in truth.
PRIZE AWARDS FINISHED
High-Bred Dogs Which Will
Wear Ribbons This
Year.
Society Attends in Force, and School
Children Expected in the
Closing Days.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 21. )
The Bench Show of dogs now being held
in the Exposition building is a success
from a social as well as financial point of
view. In spite of the disagreeable
weather the place was well filled this even
inc with fashionable people of the city.
The management anticipate a great
rush of school children to-morrow evening
and Saturday. There is much that is of
special interest and instruction to the
young people.
Judge Otis Fellows, in speaking of the
show, says it is the tinest display he has
Been in years.
The remainder of awards of prizes were
made to-day, and are as follows:
Field spaniels, open, dogs— California Duke,
owner Mrs. \V. W. Moody. Oakland, first; Tom
Sawyer, owner ('. Leonard. Stockton, second ;
MonarK, owner Mrs. T. J. Fish, Oakland, third.
Bitches— Dollie Varden, owner J. E. Ooak,
Stockton, first; Trixie X, owner Mrs. A. 8.
Rhorer. Berkeley, second; Flora, owner Henry
Timni, Lorin, third.
Puppies, dogs — Count, owner A. S. Rhorer,
Berkeley, first.
Cocker spaniels, black, challenge, dogs-
am AUCTION SALE
IN THE BANCROFT BUILDING,
721 riarket Street,
Between Third and Fourth.
THIS DAY. ,
Friday May 22, 1896,
At 2 o'clock and 7:30 p. m.
WK WILL SELL
A MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF
ROYAL mm TERRA-COTTA.
Splendid pieces of Cloissoner, rare pieces of An- .'.
tique Satsuma, Ivory Goods Carved Sandalwood,
Brlc-a-Brac of a'l kinds, Gents' Furnishing Goods,
Ladies' Garments aid Notions,- 3 New Upright
Pianos, 3 Baby Gran 1 Pianos, etc., without re serve. ■
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Sale Days,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 761.
THIS DAY
Friday May 32, 189«
At 10 o'clock a. m.. at salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST., bet. 7th and Bth,
....WE WILL SELL...
An Eleeant Line of Furniture, Carpets, 1 Upright
Piano, Paintings, Desks. Etc.
< Has. LEVY <t (P.. Auctioneer*.
/^ "'V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
S&^M < >--">KKAK.NYST. Established
■jrM in I**4 the trentmentof Private
JB ( fhi'Mff Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
fliseasewearingoii bodvandmlndaod
MMMjMHM >»;:!i Diseases 'Ihedoctorcureswhen
j^KJgCpg others fail. Try him. Charges low.
; Pr. J. F. mBBQjT. Box 1937. 5 an
| *>«•- J' F. tiIBBOaT, Box 1337. teau WancSott
Woodland Duke, owner Pastime Cociter Ken
nels, Oakland, first.
Cocker spaniels, black, open, dogs— Viscount,
owner Pastime Cocker Kennels, Oakland, first;
Rajah of Oakside, owner H. H. Carlton, San
PranciKO, second; Rex of Oakside, owuer
same, third.
niuhes— Oakside Gypsy Queen, owner H. H.
Canton, Sun Francisco, first; Polly Pastime,
owner Pastime Cocker Kennels, Oakland, sec
ond; Piedmont BeLe, owner same, third.
Puppies, d >gs— Rajah of Oakside, owner H.
H. Carlton, San Francisco, first; Robin Hood,
owner Mrs. J. H. Brooks, East Oakland, sec
ond; Friakie, owner A. H. Blow, Oakland,
third.
Bitches— Bessie, owner F. A. Webster, Oak
land, first; Maid Marion, owner James H.
Brooks. East Oakland, second; Chloe I'&stime,
owner J. F. Smith, Oakland, third.
Other than bl.-ck, open, dogs— Dandy, owner
J. E. Doak, Stockton, first; Kail, owner Pastime
CoCKtr Kennels, Otik.and, i-ecoi.a; Sprig,
owner D. Hutchinson, Oakland, third.
Hinhes— Railette, owner Pastime Cocker
Kenueis, Oakland, first; Daisy S, owner
George Snell, Stockton, second; Reah S, owner
<-. M. Selfridge, Oakland, third.
Puppy bitches— Ruby T, owner C. M. Self
ridge. Oakland, first.
Irish water spaniels, open, dogs— lrish Duke,
owner Samml 1c Taylor, San Francisco, flrat;
Duke, owner J. H. Simpson, Oakland, second;
Sport, owner C. M. Davis, Oakland, third.
Bitches— Nora W., owner \Y. H. Williams,
San Francisco, first.
Bassctt hounds, open, dogs— Frank, owner
B. Liinsten, Oakland, first.
Dachshunds, open, dogs— Duke, owner W. 8.
C. Schmidt, Berkeley, first ; Noble, owner same,
second; Waldy, owner Charles Sanger, West
Berkeley, third. •
Bitcnes— Countess, owner W. S. C. Schmidt,
West Berkeley, first; Fraulein, owner Dr. Ed
win Buunell, San Francisco, second ; Walla
dina, owner \V. S. C. Schmidt, West Berkeley,
third.
Collies, open, dogs— Sinclair's Laddie, owner
William A. Spooner, Ontario, first; Major
Weiton, owner O. J. Albee, Lawrence, second.
Bitches— Gyp^y, ownei F. H. Cummings.
Oaklimd, first: Baby Doe, owner O-J.Ail.ee,
Liwrence, second; Fordhook Sage 11, owner
H. L. Weitzel, Oakland, third.
Puppy, dogs — Alto Clifton, owner O. J. Al
bee, Lawrence, first; Ben Harrison, owner
same-, second.
Bitches— Nellie, owner Dorothy Minugh,
Oak. and, first.
Dalmatians, open, dogs— Ajax, owner Dr. W.
F. McNutt, first; Hoctor, owner same, second;
Jack, owner same, third.
Bitches— Bonnie, owner Dr. W. F. McNutt,
San Frauclsco, fir.»t.
Bulldogs, open, dogs — Conqueror, owner
Thomas Knowles, Oakland, first.
Bull terriers, challenge, dogs — Adonis, owner
J. F. O. Comstock, San Francisco, first.
Bitches — Twilight, owner same, first.
Open, dogs— Monitor, owner G. S. Heller,
San Francisco, first; Spotless, owner J. S. Spar
row, San Francisco, second; Fred, owner F.
James, San Francisco, third.
Bitches— Fly, owner E. R. Folger, Oakland,
first; Miss Starlight, owner T. C. M. Collins,
Sun Francisco, second; Little Starlight, owner
\V. \V. Collins, third.
1 Puppy, dogs— Monitor, owner G.. S. Heller,
i San Francisco, first.
Bitches— Fly, owner E. R. Folger, Oakland,
first; Jen, owner Mrs. J. A. Baxter, San Fran-
Cisco, second.
Fox terriers, challenge, dogs — Raby Rasper,
owner C. A. Summer, Los Angeles, first.
Open, dogs— Dudley Stroller, owner Fred W.
d'Evelyn, San Francisco, first; Warren Sage,
owner J. H. Martin, San Francisco, second; De
fender, owner F. W. d'Eveiyn, San Francisco,
third.
Bitches— Golden Jewel, owner J. B. Martin,
San Francisco, first; Mission Clairette, owner
Joseph McLatchie, San Francisco, second: Mis
sion Idol, owner same, third.
Novice dogs— Defender, owner F. W. d'Eve
lyn, San Francisco, tirst; Pytchley Victor,
owner H. W. Fordes, Alameda, second; Robert
J, owner EL Newton, Oakland, third.
Bitches— Dulcicea, owner F W. d'Evelyn, San
Franc^co, tirst.
Puppy bitches— Dulcinea, owner Fred W.
d'Evelyn, San Francisco, first; Queen Bess,
owner *D. J. Sinclair, San Francisco, second;
Tillie, owner John Hefferman, Stockton, third.
Scotch terriers, open, dogs— Sharky, owner
Danny Needham, Oakland, first.
Bitches— Queenle, owner same as above,
first.
Irish terriers, open, dogs— Dennis O'Rastus,
Oakland, first.
Skye-terriers, open, bitches — Miss Jessie,
owner Miss Bemadene Robinson, San Francisco,
first.
Spitz, open, dogs— Dude, owner C. D. King,
San Frnpclsco; Muffy Boule de Neige, owner
Miss Bonnemout, Oakland, second; Duke, J.
A. O. Ingram, Alameda, third.
Toy-terriers, open, dogs — Jewel, owner J. W.
Hughes, Oakland, first.
Pugs, open, dogs— Royal Dosky, owner Mrs.
W. G. Britton, San Francisco, first; Wrinkle,
owner H. W. Landers, San l^eandro, second.
Bitches— Judy H, owner M.-s. S. B. Huskins,
Stockton, first; Dodo, owner Mrs. Sherman,
Ban Francisco, second.
Puppy bitches— Duchess of Piedmont, owner
£. A. Snerman Jr., Oakland, second.
Japanese spaniels, open, dogs — Sacto, owner
H. A. Wegner, San Francisco.
Bitches— Toma, owuer, S. Yashida, Oakland,
first; Sclly, owner, same, second.
Poodles, open, bitches — Franchette, owner,
G. A. Newhali.San Francisco, first.
Yorkshire terriers, open, dogs— Frank, owner,
Mrs. E. B. Grace, San Francisco, first; Nash 11,
owner, same, second.
Bitches— Sally VIII, owner, same as above,
first.
Puppies, dogs— Buddie, owner same as above,
first.
Miscellaneous, dogs— George, owner, J. A,
Motin, San Francisco, tirst, Griffin; Bang,
owner, J. F. Ames, Oakland, second, black set
ter.
AUCTION OF REAL ESTATE.
l-ii-ton. Eld ridge & Co. Have a Success-
ful Sale in Sun Jose.
An auction sale of a block of land
bounded by Ninth, Tenth, Reed and Wii
liarn streets, San Jose, was Held yesterday
in that city by Easton, Eldridge & Co.
The sale was well attended, among those
present being many prominent people of
the community.
Bidding was spirited, and the prices ob
tained were regarded as satisfactory to
buyers and sellers. It was apparent from
the results than San Jose real estate is
firm. The lots were 45:10 In front and
137 :10Va deep, with the exception of cor
ners on Reed street, which were each two
feet broader.
Prices on Tenth street were: D. W.
Miller, corner, $730; A. Lipsett, $560: Mrs.
Antrim, $500; E. Carroll, $550; B. F. Gar
rison, ; F. D. Wolff, $540; J. B.
Roberts, $535; J. W. Harrenstein, $530; F.
G. Knight, $570: B. Armstrong, $650; L.
Wilson, corner, $975.
On Ninth street the following prices were
paid: George A. Davis, $550; A. Kross,
$550; A. Kross, $SSO: F. Weishaar, $560;
J. H. Aten,ss4o: I. G. Ury, $530; P. F.
Smith, $650; J. Watson, corner, $700.
Columbian Orchestra.
The first monthly entertainment of the
Columbian orchestra, under the direction ol
Fenton P. Foster, will take piace this evening
in Native Sons' Hail. There will be music by
a full orchestra.
1314
SWEET GIRL GRADUATES.
Cominrncpment Kxercises of the Irving
Institute.
The commencement exercises of tbe
lrvinp Institute were held last night at
Trinity Presbyterian Church, corner of
Twenty-third and Capp streets. The spa
cious church was completely tilled by the
many friends of the six fair graduates who
composed the class of 9(5.
Tbe platform was beautifully decorated
with ferns, the gracefully spreading brakes
bein;: studded with large white margue
rites. I" pon the platform sat the gradu
ates, attired in white, and also Rev. E. I>.
Church, the principal of Irving Institute,
Rev. J. Gumming Smith, the pastor of
Trinity Church, and Rev. George Edward
AValk, rector of Trinity Episcopal Church.
Long before the exercises commenced
the seats were all filled and chairs had to
be provided to accommodate the rest of
the audience. The following programme
was rendered:
Orsraii prelude. H.J.Stewart; prayer, Rev.
J. C. .Smith: piano solo, waltz in D flat (X
Thorns), Addie Everts Stewart; essay. •Some
I'arHpnrases and a California Reality, Agnes
Crossbie Marshall; r"an° sol °- Air de Ballet
[C. t baminade), Lena Tearl Atkins: essay,
••Balaustion, the Rho<lian^laiden," Marie Isa
bella Taylor; essay, "TivotJood Books," Addie
Everts .-tewart; piano solo, Valse Bril
lante, A fl«t mp.jor (Chopin), Helen
Kuthrauff !>5; essay, "Sir Roger at
Belvedere," Elraira Clementina Panno;
e^say 1 ••The Cousins," Lena Tiarl Atkins; piano
Foloi ballad in A flat, op. 47 (Chopin), £ lorence
Adele Smart. '94: essay, "Vet Am I Learning,"
Kmma Shepherd Agar; violin solo, selection
from "Carmen" (Bizet), Bernhard Moilen
haucr; address, Rev. George Edvard Walk;
prns-entation of diplonias by R:ght Key. W. F.
Nichols. P.P., Bishopof Califoruia: class song,
••Yet Am I Learning," words by Miss Panno,
music by Professor Stewart; benediction.
The following young ladies were the re
cipients of many beautiful floral remem
brances and hearty applause as they re
ceived their diplomas: Miss Emma Shep
herd Agar, Miss Lena Pearl Atkins, Miss
Agnes Crossbie Marshall, Miss Elmira
Clementina Panno, Miss Addie Everts
Stewart, Miss Marie Isabelle Taylor.
•—• — ♦ — •
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks Continue to Fall Back
Slowly.
Mining stocks continued to decline yesterday,
though a better feeling set in on the afternoon call.
The best price for ("hollar was $2 70, against $3
en Wednesday; for Con. California and Va. $3 15,
apainst $3 40; Gould and Curry $1 90. against
$2 26; Ophir $2 15. against $2 25; Potosi $135,
against $1 55: Best and Belcher SI 70, rgainst
$1 90, and so on.
Ih • close was lower again, as will be seen be
low.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company paid a
dividend of $1 per share on May 20.
The Homestake Mining Company will pay a
dividend of 25c per share on the 25; h.
The Big Six mine paid its first dividend of $2500
on the 20th.
The Boston and Montana mine paid a dividend
of $300,000 0n the 20th.
The Gold and Globe Hill mine paid a dividend of
$2250 on the 15th. and the Golden Fleece one of
$18,000. V
1 be Portland mine at Cripple Creek, Colo., will
pay a dividend of $30,000 this month.
The ofliciAl letter from the Savage mine for the
past week states that on the 850-foot level they
have sloped upward to the fourth floor, following
the ore encountered in east crosscut No. 1. They
havepu: in another sill floor set to the west, and
have r built a chute to facMtate the handling of
this ore. The ore continue-) of the same quality as
last reported, but is not so wide. In east crosscut
No. 8, 90 feet south of Xo. 1, they have put In two
sill floor sets wide in ore of fair grade, and are
Mopiue upward in ore of good quality and quan
tity. This ore shows improvement since last re
]>or . Hoisted during the past week 70 mining
car loads of ore, averaging $64 31 per ton. ,
In the Crown Point mine we.st crosscut 3 on the
700 level. 75 feet south of crosscut 1, has reached
what Is believed to be the tootwall. In the east
crosscut from the «haft on the 810 level they have
raised 15 feet on the streak of ore before reported.
The streak in the top is much smaller and poorer,
and does not justify further work in that direction.
The west crosscut from the end of the south drift
on the seventh floor of the 1100 level raise is now
out 23 feet passing through low grade quartz, and
it bus reached the footwall. ah east crosscut op
posite it lias been started.
in the Belcher mine very little work is being done.
The amount of ore hoisted during the past week
a-. 67 mlniiiß-car loads, of the average car sample
assay of $21 33 per ton.
The yield of the Segregated Belcher mine during
the past week was 22 mine-car loads of ore, ass.iv
ing $19 33 per ton.
In tbe Bodie Consolidated mine tbe south drift
from the ujiraise 50 ffet above U.e 200-foot level
shows a width of lour feet of low grade ore In the
face. Th • south drift jrom the west crosscut on
the same level bus seams of low grade ore five to
six inches wide in the face
In the Mono mine the east crosscut on the 400
-foot level was extended nine feet during the past
«ek. The face is in soft porphyry.
in the Bo a. r . onaoiid&letl mine they are stop
in,- ore on the 200 loot level and on the tunnel
level; and extracted ten tons of good grade during
the week ending May 18.
A bullion shipment valued at $67,500, the
product of a two months' run of the mill, has been
received from the A|.o!!o mine of Alaska.
On the Bond Exchange utchinson sugar ad
vanced from 126 to $26i, 8 and Hawaiian Com
mercial from $18 50 to JO.
BOAKL) SAL.KS.
Following wer« th* sai-j« in th» Han FnnsisQ*
f-tcrit Board resterday:
BEQntAR HORMNIi SESSION- rOMMRVCTVO 9:30.
SOO Aloha 23630 CC<tV.. .3.05 1500 Mex. 94
COO Alia. 111100 3.00 100 Occldtl»l.Ho
200 Ande5. ...432U0 C Imp. 04. 50 185
450 Belcner...7oi 50 Conn... .1.45 1 200 0ph1r..2 tO
1100 ii <£ X.1. 50 100 1.50 10110 Potosl.l 30
100 1.5.'. r>0() CnvnPt..7(!4OO .. I.2ft
400 Bodie 77 300 2000 Savueel.3s
SSO 8u11i0n. ..32 200 Kxchqr.. . 10 ;iOO See B #> 0
150 311200 O A C... 1.60 500 b \ev ..1.15
200 8u1wer...40 . 600 1.455200. . 110
100 41X00 H&N...2.25 450 Union.'.. 1.00
200Cha1!ne...5O l 300 2.15 100 V Jckt....69
850 Ch011ar.2.60:200 M.\icn. . . . 93 500 68
450 2.651 I
unnom BKSSIOX— 2:3O.
200 Alpha 25100 C 1mp.... 03100 Ovrmn.. 18
100 241100 fcxcnqr...lO3OO P0t051.,.1.30
400 Alta 10250 G <t C. 1.801100 125
1000 .09 300 1.851500 Savage..l.so
100 Andes 42 200 H&JV.. 2.5(. ... . 155
: 000 Belcher.. 2.461400 Heir Bel. 20
100 B 1.70 350 2.401160 Union 105
900 8u11i0n. ..30200 Julia. 20150 . 110
200 Cb011ar..2.65'300 -Mcx 94 450 V Jacki 70
250 CC&V...3.05'400 Mono 13100 71
100. 3.10;i50 0ccd11...!. 80150 . 73
10 3.0020U 0pntr....2.U5!
following were the saiea m tUa Padllo Stocic
«oard esierdav :
HEoruß session— lo:3!i,
400 Alpha 22 150 Conn".. ..1.40 150 Occd. 1.82
200 Alia 11 500 Con 1m...04 409 Ophlr 205
hOO ... .42 500 Exchqr... lo2oo ... 2 00
100 Belcher... 70 250 U & C. 1.80 200 ....'.'.ii'oiy,
200 72650 1.75 100.... . 210
600 75 1600 1.70000 Potosi 125
100 ....74200 1.72V 2 100 . ..1.27%
'-'•JO 73 50 1.86 1050 ISO
350 8<t8.... 1.50 500 H&N.. .2.15' 50 '.\'t^,~
«<»" 1.65 1050 2.10 750 Savase..l.3U
100 1.62% 100 21,V21X» .:i.27i/«
600 I.bUIOO 2.22% tiOO 1 iv
100 ...... 1.57% 6CO 2726100 ...'.;.'. 1. 4 2Vi
100 1.65 1.00 2.20150.. 14b
600 Bodle 7720U Julia 150 . "l 50
000 Bullion. 300 Justice.. ..ls 300 Scorpion 06
300 Challge. .5' 500 Kentuck..U6 400 SEAM "'0
150 ChoUar.2.6s 26U Mexcan..96 100 S N« T "i'2o
150 2.60 2.,0 95 -00 ail mil".
750 2.65 ISO 99 :'.OO Union C 98
3«IO 2.70 100 ...; 98 .00 ... V 00
450 CC&V..3.10 100 300. i"o'"'jJi
•JJO Cr.vn Pt...70 200 M0n0. % ! 400 Utah" ' 'is
100 71;1000cc1d....1.5</500 VJacKM.^6B
100 t .^
AFTKRNOON' SKBSION— 2 :30.
300 Aloha 24 300 C Point.. 71 350 Occdll ]80
400 Alt*. ......10 100 70 500 Ophtr.. '205
400 Andes....4l'Hoo G &C . .1.761*00 '"00
200 Blcnr 73160 1.80 100 .'. ' 190
200 74 100 1.85 10'J Potos 1.27%
200 72600 1.67% 200 .. ) -/5
200 71 200 1.601150 .....' '.l.sj-ii',
200 71-100 . 1.85200. 1 •'•I
20U iJ<t B. .1.55 300 U<feN ..V. 30 500 Savace l*4O
300 1.60 1300 2.35.00 . "l - 45
200 1.62V 2 850 2.45 ... .'. "i\ji.
100 1.5U MO 2.421,200.. . '.1.50
200 Bodlo 75 460 2^' 8 10U l 4«ju,
100 8u11i0n.. .3(1300 Julia 21/360 .. ...' ' 13ft
600 Caled 14200 Justice... lV 600 Scorpion 08
•-0 I Chlluce... so*oo Kentuck..o7:4oo « B<£il... "0
100 Cb0nar..2.40 Mxcan...9O 100 S Nev 115
300 CCV..3.07% 300 94 100 1 1 \j.
300 3.05 100 88 : 400 8 Hill 04
600 3.101U0 87300 Unin.1.02%
60 a.00200 85 150... 97
100 2.95 100 86:100 Utah.... 20
250 2.92% 200 Overman. 17 100. 23
200 Con 1n5.. .03 200 .....19.100 YJack«t..7l
CLOSI>o gIOI'ATIOXS.
THURSDAY. May 21-4 p. _:.
Bi«.Atkm.\ Bid.Atked.
Alpha C0n.... 22 23!Jeekion... 40 —
Alia 09 10 Julia. 19 21
Andes 39 40|Jn«1c« .... 12 14
£elcher 69 70 b'entncic ...... 06 08
Best A Beloh«E. 1.40 1.45 Lady Wash 05 06
liodie 65 —Mexican _ 88 88
BentonUon — 30 Mono .......... 12 —
fullion 25 27 Nevada iau'aao. — 05
Balwer. .._ .{'> — Occl dental 1.50 1.55
Cal«Jonia\'..... II 13Upl:ir ....1.80 1.85
Chollar ' 2.50 2.5fi Overman ..... 17 19
Con. Cai. V». 2.90 2.9s|Potosi 1.20 1.25
Cliallence Con. 50 sl!fcavrze 1.35 1.40
1 on. imoenat. 02 U3 !-e(r. lielcner... 18 20
Confidence. .._ 1.26 — | 5c0rpi0n... .... 07 —
Con.Kew Yonc 14 —'Syndicate 04 05
Crown Point... 70 71! Silver IIUI 03 04
Kambierra.No* — (16 hlfrra : Nevada. 1.00 1.05
Exchequer. 09 10 Union Con 93 96
Uould & C-urry. 1.60 1.65 L'i*ii 18 20
MtuotkXtvrcn.2.2s 2.30 i «UOW JMiMi> 66 68
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
100 Amalle . 210 700 Lock wood Con.. S3
400 - 205 ■> Providence
Champion Asked 80 00
Bid 25 00 100 Savannah 89
Asked 30 00200 40
400 Kdna 50,100 .. 41
"00 ..— 5H200 42
600 Grant- 200 _ 43
Kennedy 400 Scbastopol 63
Bid 800.200 .. 54
Keystone. I Thorpe ..
Bid 65 00 Asked 70
800 Lock wood Con.. S3,
I.OCAI. SECURITIES.
Bid 2 Hnmboldt Bank 1300 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works 90
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 7 50
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 21 -2 P. M.
rviT 1 l> - : * V.-.1 Buvui
Sirf. Asked. Bill. Atkti.
V 45 c0up. .109 — U Hti rat... 100% -
Do, new is.. 17 —
mscKM.«VKnm n«s-->i
Cal-atCbleSs. — -113 Do. -f Is* «*. — —
Col Elec 1j 6s. — I"2> W V *»• Ry 6* 105 130
CntraCWSs. 96% 9« P<tChKr6s. — 107
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 ' »5 l'wl-st.Rßa* — 118%
EdsnL&P 6s. — 1-J2IA Reno. WL&L — 105
F&CHKR6_IO4% - River WCo8» — 100
Ue_rv-stßss. 102» 4 _ .-actoP * L.. - lO'J%
LosAngL6i. - 103 t>r\tNPKHSilol%lo2
Do,Unted.6s. - 103 bPRRArizSa — 98 Vi
Slkl-stCbleftil'J3 - t>PRRCaI6_. lOS%III
DoKyConov.losy 8 106 -PilKCalta. - — ,-•
NevCNgRTs. 95 105 ibx'BrKCalds. 9PS/slOl
NPC Xlt 6s. - 108 6 V W utordt. . 118"/g —
If Rv Cal 6s. 102 106 -VWater4s.- — 99»i
NRyCalss. — 100 sikim;* — 101
OakUaa 55..100 — SunstT&Tßs. 100 —
Do, 3d las 68.104 - t-uner-stHSi. 107 V» -
Oninlbu»6».. 119 M.119% VUaIUWCdi — «
PacKollM6s_ — _ I
WATi-R STOCK*.
Contra Costa 57% 40Vii San Jos* 75 100
ilannCo.... 60 - ibprlngVaUaf 98% «9
■ /• 'VMIIC >.
Capital. — 33 Pacific Light. 47 47V4
Central ... 95 — Ban rranosco 91% 82
OakGL&H. 62% 52 Vi biucktoo. .... — ---*
rwUulmji. 86 87 ;
INSUKaNCIC lIDCKi
FlremansFd.l6s — |Sun 4) —
COMMERCIAL BANK ITO-K».
AmerBATO.- — — LondonPAA.l2B%l29%
Anglo-Cal... 61% — London&S?. — 27V*
liaukof Cat.. 237 — M.r.-ti Ex... 12 —
CaISD&TCo.. 6514 — Nevada „ — —
FirstNaUonLl7B 182% bather BOa. — —
tirangen.... — — I
HAflKOa BANK STOCK*.
r»rP*1.C0.. 1415 1500 KavALoan., — 100
HnmbSiL.lloo 1450 Security - — 260
Mutual — 40 Union I'ruu. 735 — "■ :
bl'-avUnlon — 485 j
STREET KAILROAI) «TfWltl
California.... — 110 Oak.SL&Ha? - 100
Oeary-st — 64 Presidio 6 7%
Market-st..- 44% 48 Sutter-au..... - .—
.4'U\V.>__. 6TOCKI.
Atlantic D... 16% — Judaon „ — —
Kast< m D... — 87 (Slant. 22*4 23
California.... 80 100 iVigont. 70c 80c
MI-'-l I.I.ANlniT"* STO-tl
Alaska Pkrs. 96«/iIOO Oceanlc»3Co — 2&l*
BlkDCoalCO. - 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 _
CalCotMUls.. — — Pac Borax. 93 100
laiDrvDoclc — — Pacl&NCo. — 80
tdiaonLlght.ll67/ 8 1]7»4 Fac Roll MUI — -
Ua&ConAsso. — — ParfPalntUo. 6\4 7'(.
Gi-r Lead Co. 85 — jPacTransOo, — «*
HawC&SCa. 'JO 20%'I'acT A-'COo 65 70
HutchSPCa. 25% 26 SunsetT&r.. 41 —
JudsonMfgO. — — L nueU ■ — 'di
tier KxAssii 100 110
SALES— MOBNINO SESSIO*-
Board—
20 Pacific Gas Imp 86 25
60 Hutchlnson S F Co 25 37%
35 do do 'id 00
100 do do, s3O 25 87%
75 do do 25 h7%
lUO S F Gaslight 91 75 '
25 s v Water 98 75
Street—
110 Pacific Lighting 47 00
SALES-iFTEHHOOS SKSSrOW
Board —
16 Rank of California 338 00
15 I.dison Light & Power Co 117 00
25 Oakland Gas 62 50
15 Pacifio Lighting 47 00
50 s V Gaslight 91 75
20 S v Water 98 62%
Street—
15 Market-st Railway 45 00
•—• — ♦ — »
The Canadian Confederation embraces
Ontario, Quebec, Nova Scotia. New Bruns
wick. Manitoba, British Columbia and
Prince Edward Island; and in the orth
west there are four provincial districts.
The chief exports are timber, pram, cattle,
fruits, furs, copper and tinned fish.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o clock everj
Client in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
rornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW, corner sixteenth and Mission street*, opal
nntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
R_3s» YKRBA BI'ESA LODGE OF *§*
t*^ i? Perfection No. 1. Regular meeting /I
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, May 22, at 8 f&
I o'clock. D. 14. GEO. J. HOBE. sec. ct^s?
! S?^5P ADJOURNED MEETING OF «■
vr-JP the Caledonian Club THIS3V,_i4T7
EVENING at 8 o'clock, Scottish Hall. «»Tft*
i 111 Lark in st. *^S*4'
D. R. McNEILL, Chief. i
Jas. H. Duncan, Secretary.
HKRMAN" WOBSZAWIAK, SUPER-
O-*^ intendent of the American Mission 10 the
Jews, will preach at Calvary Presbyterian Church
on Powell and Geary sts.. Friday evening at 7:45
! o'clock.
!f_3v» NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
*~ J ' ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice is
i hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific (oast Jockey Club, a corporation,
: will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June
1896, at the hour of 11 a. m., at the office or the
; company, Parlor A. Palace Hotel, in the City and
1 County of San Francisco, State of California, for
the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
ensuing year and transacting such other business
1 as- may legally come before the meeting.
. A. B. spp.ECKELS, President, !
W. S. Lkatck. Secretary.
San Francisco. <■-.! . May 15. 1896. i
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
I BAD TENANTS .EJECTED FOR $4;
&-& 1 collections made, city or country. Pacific
! Collection Co., 415 Montgy room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS ffANTED-FEMALE.
SUPERIOR~COOK DESIRES SITUATION; •
understands all branches of rooking- 3 years
In last place. Miss CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
GOODGENERAL HOUSEWORK-GIRL.WITH
VJ reference, desires situation; wages $15 to $"'0
Call or address MISS HICKEY, 1033 Post St. TeL
Suter 52. ■•- .
C COLUMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUREAU FUR-
I VJ nishes best help tor every position In one hour.
j 128 Fourth St.; telephone black 1353. -■ - :
I pERMAN GIRL, 16 YEARS, a HALF YEAR ■
I VI In this country, wants a place for housework:
' also a woman wants work at housecleaning. 1000
; Webster st.
GIRL (18 YEARS). WELL B OUGHT UP.
experienced in housework, wishes situation in
small family. D. F.. 912 Pine st.
; p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
VT do general housework or housekeeper; wages
$10 to $12 per month; city or country. Call or
addresi 504 Howard su, cor". lirst.
j VrOMAN DESIRKSTO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
! » » work and sew: perfect fit; low waged for good
j home. Address R. L.. box IP, Call Office.
•yOUNG LADY. RECENTLY FROM THE
X Has , desires plain sewing and mending by the
d ay. iioom 8, 472 Stevenson St., near Sixth.
V- EAT YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS
— •' place to do housework and cooking: city or Ber-
keley; wages $17 to $20. Address 119 Oak st.
VTEAT YOUNG" GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUA-
i-i tion In a bakery and assist in general: will
work one week for nothing; Mission oreferrei. A.
N.. box 132. Call Office.
OUSEKEBPER — A YOUNG AMERICAN
widow wishes position as housekeeper in nice
family: no trlflcrs need apply. Please call from 9
until 4 r. m. at 116 Fulton s-.
1 iRK>SMAKKR"— FIRST CLASS, WISHES TO
I-' go out by the day; $2. Apply 21 Van Ness
j aye.. room 1.
1") RESSMAKER WISHES FEW MORE EN-
1' gagements to go out by the day. . Call or ad-
dress 1627 Calif irnia st.
! pIRL WISHES SITUATION IN FIRST-CLASS
\J family to do any kind of work; wages not less
than $15. 10« Caroline st., between 9 and 10.
X PK R I I •: N 1 1 : 1 1 NURSE WISHES POSITION
XJ as invalid nurse or baby nurse: good refer-
j unceß. Apply 1361 Minna su
IN EDUCATED GERMAN LADY WITH 6 I
-r_ years reierenccs desires position; same Is
trustworthy, saving, and understands housekeep-
ing, cooking and sewing thoroughly: would also
like to give lessons in the German language Ad-
dress W. 11., box 65, this office. »"»b«> *o
pHAMBEHMAIDS AND WAITRESSES DF-
Sire positions. German Employment Office,
306 Mason st.
PERMANENT POSITION FOR" YOUNG
X American girl; assist light housework or with
1 child: American family; I'rotestants: country-
short distance; kind treatment; good home- «!()'
.0% Hardy st., near sixteenth. . *
■MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WANT"?
i'l any kind of work from 10 a. m. till 2 or 3
j r. m.; is well acquainted in restaurant work- 50c a
, day. Please add. ess MRS. U. s.. 436 Minna si.
M ERICA COOK: fTrkl CLASS: VERY
strong; used to boarding-house ■ r restaurant
cooking; country preferred; wages $35 a month.
Please address M. E-, 613% Jones st.
1 ) 1 - P EC T A LB YOUNG WIDOW WANTS
i J I position as housekeeper or to take care of chil-
j dren; reference. Call 122 Geary st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
ADY WANTS DAY WORK; $1, CARFARE.
i 1133% . Howard st., lower flat.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WOULD LIKE A
0 situation to do general housework. 46 sacra-
mento st. '
YOUNG GIRL DESIRES A PLACE TO DO
1 general housework In German family:- wattes
$12: docs not speak Knglisn. 17 Minna, upstairs.
yOI'.VU LADY. SPEAKING FRENCH AND
x German and who understands sewing, would
like a position in a private family. Address L. S.,
Young Woman's Christian Association Home,
1221 O'Farrell su
STRONG UEALTY YOUNG WOMAN wish-
t* es work by the day, week or month. Please
call at 713% Clementina St.. rear. -.; > :.
\\T ANTED— A POSITION AS WORKING
" housekeeper, by a German lady; city or coun-
try : only thos ■ wishing a working housekeeper.
Call or address 205 Seventh st.
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK
X by day: house-cleaning. Call 1 2 August alley,
beL Powell and Mason St., near Green.
WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS COOK OR
tt housekeeper; city or country. Call or address
A. H., 1004 Larkln St.
X I I N ED ~~W OMAN WOULD ASSIST IN
XV family going to summer resort for expenses
and small wages or care for an invalid. Address
P. G.. box 124, Call Oflice. ""ress
TTOUNG GIRL DESIRES A SITUATION TO
X do light housework in a private fan. Call
or addr ss 217 Ninth st,
TTerman KMI'I.oYMKNI office- BKBT
\JT help secured. MHS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
RESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
situation as wetnurae. Call 347 Fremont St.,
Kin. 01, Hill. . ;
XPEKIENCED STENOGRAPHER WISHES
-I piecework or depositions; law, theatrical and
business work, or will accept work by day or
week. Call or address MISS M., room 6, 420
Montgomery st.
"IV ILLING. COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES
• » work of any kind, washing, ironing and
cleaning. Address box C, Call Branch, Sixteenth
and Mission sts.
Y OUNG LADY WISHES A POSITION IN AN
X office: typewriting, copying, etc., preferred.
Address E. 8.. box 68, this office.
TYLISH DRESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGE-
ments by the day at $1 60. MISS R. RICH-
ARD.S, 1218 Mission st.
\ OUXG FRENCH GIRL WISHES POSITION
X to do upstairs work ana waiting at table; city
references. Address E. C, 1014 Pacific st.
II" INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
*' Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night:
%\ 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to an. l from the :errv.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
C""OLTJMBIA EMPLOYMENT BUBEAU Hi;
VJ nishes best help for every position in one hour.
128 Fourth st. ; telephone, black, 1353.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
O Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and sixth.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; teL K. 42&
piIINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
?C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
. branches :short notice. )4Gearr, tel. Grant 43.
W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. ment office. 637 Commercial. el. Black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O Office; best help. 3148 sutter: leL < s rani 30.
UNTtSR & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb si., below Kear-
ny, bet . California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
MAN AND WIFE— PRIVATE " PLACE OR
gentlemen's club: men understands care of
horses, cattle, grounds and indoor work; «ife com-
petent cook and housekeeper; Eastern peop c.
Address E. P., box 141, this office.
V OUNG MAN WANTS \VOKK IN PRIVATE
1 family: understands care of horses, careful
driver and general work around place; best of ref-
erences. ROBERT ANNKI box 149, Call Oflice.
yOUNG MARRIED MAN. SOBER AND
X ling to work, would like a position in some
wholesale house as porter. Porter, box 143, Call.
RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
charge of orchard, vines, stock an I general
farming: 15 years' California experience; Al
references. Address Ranch, 312' 4 Fulton st.
T^XPI.RIENCED WINE.MAKER AND CEL-
-1-i larman (German), for the past 10 years lore-
man in large California wineries, w.th first . tan
references, seeks employment: country preferred.
Address CABLM EZOEB.CaII Oflice. Los Angeles.
yOUNG GERMAN, 29 YEARS OF AGB,
X KDeaUlng German, French an.! English, would
like position as salesman; well acquainted in
grocery and liquor business: good references. Ad-
dross Grocer, box 30, Ca.l.
\ V ANTED— SITUATION AS GROOM OR
' coachman; good rider and driver; goo 1 refer-
ences. Address H. S., 277 Stevenson st.
\\T I ID-POSITION IN PRIVATE FAM-
TT iiy as hostler; is first-class hostler and gar-
dener: work an.l do general chores; good refer-
ences. Address N. JONES, box 48, this office.
Y^OUNG "" MAN, COLLEGE GRADUATE,
1 wnts position in engineering or bookkeeping.
Address Y. W. R., box 21. Call Office.
POSITION BY COM PETENT ENGINEER;
X anything at any price; references. S. A. L.,
Diamond P. 0., Alameda Co.
JAPANESE NICE HooLBOy" WANTS A
'• situation in small family; speaks good English:
help with cookin--. Address JAMES X., 709 Geary.
SITUATION WANTED BY A SWISS MAN.
with wife and 2 children on a milk ranch or
farm. S. F.. 431 I'm'- st.
WANTED — POSITION AS ASSISTANT
1? cook, In hotel or boarding-house, by a young
Swiss. Address A. 11., box 74, Call Office.
ARNESS-MAKER, CAPABLE OP MANAG-
ing, wants a position: city or country: refer-
ence from last employer. Address R. K. THOMAS,
513 Leavenworlh st.
GOOD CARPENTER AND GENERAL ME-
cuanlc wishes steady employment: best refer-
ences. Address C. D., box 136. this office.
BOY OF 15 YEAP.S, SPEAKING FRENCH
and English, livine with his parents, desires a
job in any Kind of business. 12 % West Mission.
WANTED- BY AN EFFICIENT, INDUSTRI-
" ous man an oflice and correspondence to at-
tend to; has experience as auctioneer; strictly
temperate: no tobacco or whisky; wages not so
much an object as employment; references given.
W.. 817 Mission st.
UTLER '.GERMAN) WANTS POSITION;
best city references. Address G. D., box 99
j Call Office.
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WANTS SITUA-
XV tion as janitor or night watchman; best of
references. Address D. C, box 63. Call Office.
XPERIENCED HOTEL WAITER WISHES
J-i a situation; city or short distance in country.
Address 11. H. Wi-.AVER. International Hotel.
WORK OF ANY KIND WANTED BY A
I T. young Scandinavian; handy with tools. Ad-
dress H. W.. box 88. Call Office.
I) V FIRST-CLASS COACHMAN; UNDER-
I* stands car« horses, cows, garden, etc; also
first-class driver; city or country: good reference.
Address C. M., box 99. Call.
yOUNU MAN SPEAKING AND WRITING
X English and Spanish desires posi.iou in office
or store: city or country. J. It.. 1326 Union si.
OSITION AS COLLECTOR OR ANYTHING
else requiring a careful, active, honest man;
held present responsible place 16 years. Address
P. R-, box 36, Call Offlc?.
C'IOACHMAN; SINGLE: THOKOUG iiLV U.S.
Vj dcrstands the car.- of line horses and carriage - ,
and is a good careful driver; Is strictly temperate.
industrious and obliging; has had long experience
In tbe care of gentleman's place and has best of
New York and Chicago references. Address E.
STACK, 821 Ellis St.
\\T ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED MAN WITH
* " wife and 2 children, 8 and 9 years of age. place
on a ranch: good home more than high wages
wanted: man good workman and wife good cook;
best references. Inquire or address A. 11., 51 Clay.
THIRST-CLASS MEAT A D PASTRY "COO
X with wife, wants situation In hotel, camp or
sawmill; 20 years' reference. Address Cook, box
8. Call Office, Oakland. *^
OTEL OR RANCH MANAGER-MAN AND
wife desire charge of hotel, ranch, public in-
stitution or other property in Southern California;
large experience in handling help. Manager,
P. ■ '. box 2217. San Francisco.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
INCHEST i . R HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NeTr
Market— Electric lights in every loom; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus mi' baggagp 10 and from the ferry.
FEMALE help wanted.
■YEatTvoman, "light" work,'" 1 $12. miss
-> CULLEN, 323 Suiter si.
MEAT GERMAN OB SWEDISH GIRL, LIGHT
1> work, $16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
rAITKESS, $vO. HOTEL: CHAMBERMAID
TT same house, 20. MISSCULLEN. 823 Sutter.
SECOND GIRL, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
OOK, CALAVERAS COUNTY, $20. MISS
V-' CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. ■
I^KENCiI GIKL AS COOK, $25; 15 HOUSE-
X? work girls, city and country, $20 and $25.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. -
pOLORED NURSE, $16. MISS CULLEN, 323
\J suiter st.
XT EAT, REFINED GIRL, COUNTRY, $12.
IN MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler St. .
"V"KAT GIRL OR WOMAN, HOUSEWORK
— > and cooking, small American family, country
town, $20, fare paid; girls for lion -<• work and
cooking. MURRAY «_ READY, 684 Clay st.
y OUNG GIRL ASSIST WITH LIGHT HOUSE-
X work: small American family; $12. MI»
HICKEY, 1033 Post su •
rAITKEsS AND CHAMBERMAID, SAME
TT house. $20 each: chambermaid, hospital. *iii;
8 house clrls, ell}- and country, $16, $20 and $25-
-boarding-house cook, $35. 315 Sutter st.
ril!>T-cl,Ass COOK, $25; UPSTAIRS GIRL,
r $.0; same house: San Rafael; see lady at 3
p. m. Employment office, 306 Mason st.
WA NTE D-COO KB, WAITRESSES, AM-
"» stress, cashiers, nurses, laundry-girls. Come at
once and get 'a good position. COLUMBIA, 128
Fourth st.
HELP WASTED-Contlnued.
\y ANTED-FRENCH COOK, $25; 4~RES-
" ln !i ra °'' boarding-house and hotel cooks, $26,
and $.15: waitress, country hotel, $20- chani-
Uern.ai.l, assist waiting, $20: kitchen helper, $20;
,l r if,?, t!l " 1 ./ Candlnavlari and German second
g.rs,s_o, and a large number of girls for cooking
and housework. J. F. CROSETT * CO., 312
►jiiiicr st.
H°fm .^UNDRESS, CITY. $20 AND
iti!i found = ironer for city laundry, $8 a week; fln-
♦«. h shlrls : laundress, country, $20 to $26 and
iouna; strong German chambermaid, $20; Prot-
estant cook .for country. $25; girls for city and
Ge"?v st $15 " $ *°- C '" R. HANSEN & CO., 110
w©Hry st.
VV »V N ~" SPANISH CHAMBERMAIDS,
•t 512; cook, small boarding-house, $25; second
fin, $15: chambermaid, hotel. $15: French girl,
£an:a Barbara, 25 : French girl tor Kern County,
»-"; *rench second girl, San Mateo, $25. LEON
ANDRE, 315 S-.ockton su
SWEDISH GIRL WANTED FOR GENERAL
housework. FENTON & CO., 122 Geary st.
GERMAN GIRL WANTED FOR HOUSE-
VJ work. FENTON & CO., 122 Geary st.
ANTED— LADY having own type-
« » writer can have use or office and desk free in
business part of city for 1 hour's work daily. Ad-
dress H. W. R., box 86, Call Office. . ■ ..-
Xi'_;RIENC_.D SEAMSTRESS ON CHll^
dren's clothes; take work home after 10.
2002 Pine st.
\\T ANTED— RKLIAtJLK PERSON; SEWING
TT and children. BUTTERFIELD, Crocker
building.
• > TALL WAITRESSES, PRIVATE HOTEL-
-j Al characters. 142 Seventh st, 2:30 to 3p. m.
GIRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK; GERMAN
VJ preferred; $10. 1734 Eddy st.
On OPERATORS ON OVERSHIRTS: EX-
<J\J perlenced only. Apply 18 Sutter, fourth floor.
CURST-CLASS TAILORBSB ON COATS*.
X BOWHAY. 504 Sutter st.
GOODTAILORESS WA NTED: GOOD WAGES-
steady work. 966 Folsom st. - ■•;
yOUNG GIRL WANTED. 38 BELVEDERE
X at., back of Chute grounds
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK A FEW HOURS
VI evenings. Address C. H.. box 9, Call.
\kT ANTED— WOMAN TO Do GENERAL
TT housework; wages vflO. 129 Perry st.
GOOD PLAIN PANTSFINISHERS WANTED-
VJ good pay; steady. 1018 Howard sU
GIRL WANTED ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
work. 1334 Pacific st. Must sleep home, f
Q^ DISH OR GERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSE-
O work; $18. S. G-, box 49. Call office.
OL D' LADY WHO WISHES A GOOD HOME
to assist in light housework; wages $5 a month.
Call forenoon, 126 Folsom su
cli able lady as drummer for
' prin ing-house; good salary. ORMSBY, 636
Clay st. - , v ■-,..' •-.
GOOD TAILOR] '.s.sT)N"cuSTOM COATS: ALSO
upprenuc. paid while learning. 506 Pacific.
Ur ANTED TRAVELER, ONE WHO
tt knows how to sell. Address FINN, box 77,
Call Office.
APPRENTICES TO LEARN -DRESS CUT-
■*y Unhand male inc. 14 McAllister. rms «7 and 68.
\j IDDLK • AOKD WOMAN CAN SECURE
Hi good home; exchange light work. 1324
Valencia st-
STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM 6c; ICE-
-0 cream and cake sc. Seattle Restaurant, 137
Fourth st.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week ; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mi<sion.
1 JRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
V. r ».- en. McDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
CBORKMAN AND WIFE Ki>R ORCHARD^
\J $35: ranch blacksmith. $30; ranch teamster
and wife, $35. B. T. WARD it CO., 608-610 Clay.
FARMER AND WIFE, $30 ; 2 LABORERS TO
X, go north, $30 and board. C. R. HANSEN <t
CO., 110 Geary it
C GENERAL BLACKSMITH who can shoe.
I country,s6O. c. R. HANSEN & ,110 Geary.
TWENTY TIF.M AKKKS. 8 AND 10 CENTS
Xeach; butter-maker, milker, porter, cook and
wife, 2 cooks, '_' waiters, 4 farmers, waiter, boy,
man to herd ho. s and many other places, city ami
country. MURRAY <fc READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
\\T ANTED— NEAT WAITER FOR STEAMER,
'» $20 per month: 2 German farmers for small
vineyard near city, si ealy job, $15; also milkers,
farmers, cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W.I).
EWER <fc CO., 626 Clay st.
\\r ANTED — TEAMSTER -, FARMHANDS,
»■ miners, butchers, salesmen, barbers, waiters,
cooks, canvassers ; always openings; call at once.
COLUMBIA, 1-8 Fourth St.
IJARBKRS— EMPLOYMENT CALL BEf>
Xi retar7 Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S.FCCHS.
\\T ANTED — STENOGRAPH TO TAKE
'» some dictation evenings: need not be type-
written alter. Address K. E. O'DANIELS, 128
Castro st., city. ".- .•.;"
\\T ANTED -SOLICITORS, CITY OR COIN-
*T try. $3 to $5 per day: ca:i or send 10c for
samples and terms. Pacific Chemical M'fg Co ,
81.6 twenty- si., Oakland, Cal.
MAN WITH SMALL CAPITAL TO HANDLE
iX new advertising device. 809r Mission st.
Ur ANTED COOK AT AS SECOND
reel.
\\ r A N TED — 1 CLASS BA~RBERS;
' ' steady work ; GO cents on dollar. 207 Fourth.
DARBEB 1 'ML SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
-»■> Call after 8 o'clock, '.Mlsi 4 Howard st.
BARBER-SHOP IN GOOD LOCATION: MUST
be sold to-day. Inquire- at 537% essie st. -
\\" ANTED— RELIABLE MAN TO ASSIST IN
" store; *65 per month to start: chance of in-
crease If deserving: must have $150 cash: ex-
perience not necessary. 777 Market st.. room 7.
\\' ANTED— STEADY MAN TO LOOK AFTER
TT office, handle cash, etc.! duties easily learned;
experience not necessary; capital required, $175.
GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market st.
L'M.CHO HOUSE, t63^ MARKET ST.—
JJ Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $" week.
I^NERGETIC YOU MAN, FOR COL-
XJ lector, etc, wa;es, $30; must loan employer
$350; good security. J., box 15. this office.
lA/ ANTED— BOYI Foil SELLING PLANTS
'» on commission. Call 512 llaicht st.
\kl ANTED— THE UNITED STATES
'• Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
net less than 5 feet 5 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read.
write ami speak English properly: only citizen* of
the United States or persons who have legally-de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For farther Information apply at
the Recruiting Ollice, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
CaL
yOU MAN 18 TO 20 YEARS FOB OFFICE:
X state age, wages desired, reference, knowledge
of bookkeeping. Address B. X., box 99, Cull.
BO V "13 To 17 YKARS OF TO RUN
passenger elevator: must reside with parents
and furnish references. Address lioy. box 77, Call.
C;f*r BARBERSHOP; A BARGAIN; MUST
U«>. besold. 1125 Market st.
GOOD PAVING ifCHAIR BARBER-SHOP
for sale; a bargain. Apply Call Oflice.
CHOEMAKKIt WANTED ON MEN'S PEGGED
0 shoes. 202 Filth st.
\\T A NTED— LAUNDRY DRIVER WITH
" route will be furnished with No. 1 rig. etc.
Call Parisien Steam Laundry, Twenty-ninth and
Dolores -,ts.
AlU.l;i: -Hop, OLD STAND, FORISALE;
1 ' good location; 4 chairs: cheap. Inquire this
oflice.
TUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
Pacific St., below Kearny: lodging half price, sc.
10<% lf»cper night: clean beds, suuny rooms.
.1 FRESH EGOS, COFFEE, ETC, 10c: 3 EGGS,
_T chops, steak or ham, 10c. 635 Clay st.
ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOII $2 50;
\J halt-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
\ STIIMA CUKE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
din's chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM, 5 CENTS;
0 Icecream and cake, 5 cents. Seattle Rejtau-
laiit, 137 Fourth st.
VKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
-»-' *1 and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c:week,$l to $2 50; read ing- room {Strictest at-
tentlon to mornliigcalls:clcan;quiet: open all night
\\' INC. I 11; HOUSE. 44THIRD ST., NEAR
' » Market: 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
J? S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; UOT-
XJ. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents, ■
KOOMs ]-„ TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 50
JX per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
\UANTED-AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
»■ err st.. clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
ressful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
\V A .*. I I I ) — MBK TO LiARN BARBER
* 1 trade; xinly 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
/ KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'UHT:
V^ acts adjusted.- RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
IvOURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
•■» Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, BW. cor. Grant aye. and Suiters;.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
'» Rome simple? thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDKHP.rRN ,t <X>., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer"
and list of 200 inventions wanted. ■ : .
BEST IN CITY— SING" E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
XJ 25 cents per night. $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
lacitlc house. Commercial »nd Leldesdorff sts.
\\T ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" ers&clerKS. KNOX Collection A gey, 110 Sutter
I .ARBKKS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-* ment secretarr. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Kd Rolklu, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third sl. ; 150
large rooms; 25c pat nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
HELP WAyTED-Contlnned.
I^^EIIS' ASSOCIATToN OF CAI* KMPLOv"
JJ menu Secy, P. C. Ilamann, 238% O'Farrell.
I IN DELL HOUSED BOTH AND HOWARD
I ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 15c night.
W AT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
TT 8U; 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
£0 and 25c a night. $1 a week: meals 10c.
\\ EN"S%-SOLING 60c: LADIEV 40c: DONE
J.U. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 DA MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
\\j\j and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st.. near Kearny.
%\rK«ARE SHOE DOCTORS; •WE REPAIR"
' * yonrold shoe* and make them as good as new,
And with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; dune while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\ I EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
■i'» all grocers keep it. .  : -r - -
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 56'J Mission.
E/IBEE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS Foil sc;
X also a bottl eof lager. sc, at C 37 Clay St.
MUtY ACME HOUSE. 9..7 MARKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, fur a room: 250 a night : $1 a week.
\\T ANTED— ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
'» v»ek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
readlnc-room: daily iianora. «6 Clv' 1 ar. ■
AGENTS WANTED.
IJISHOP GARRISON, 148 SIXTH ST SE-
XJ ance to-night. Gentlemen 25c, ladles 10c: all
welcome.
A GENTS FOB THE "EARTH GIRDLED." BY
■TV De Witt Talmage:cood pay. 1031 Market, r. D.
HOUSES WANTED. ~
V\T ANTED TO RENT BY JUNE 1-COMFORT-
tt able modern 10- room dwelling, north or west
side of street; Western Addition; for small family.
Address Terms. Postofflee box 2651.
KOOIIS WANTED. ~'
TWO SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
x large and small; basement exempted. L., box
6, Call Office. ■
STOKES WANTED.
STORE WANTED FOR BRANCH BAKERY
0 and variety; rent not to exceed $10. Address
Fruit store. 16 City Hall square. .
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED —AN ORCHARD HOME, WITH
TT everything complete. Address, with full par-
ticulars, terms, etc., F. H. GIBSON, 852 Mission
St., San Francisco. ■
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
HI G II K 8T eBICE D~ITdTes : .~GRN f S''
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Halm, 316 3d.
UT ANTED— ESTIMATES ON WELL-BORING.
Address BURWICK & SPINK, 604 Sutter st.
'anted— national cash register;
tt must be a total-adder and in good condition.
Address W. N., box 66, this office.
\y ANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
" cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106, this office.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv in A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth SU: send postaL
MEDICAL.
pLYCHO-MAGNETIC CO. CURBS PABALY-
X sis. rheumatism, insanity, heart and lung
trouble, all kinds of aches and pains, nervous
prostration anil general debility, without medicine-
no charge unless cured. Room 11, 8 Mason st
cor. Market.
LADIES. CONSULT FREE Mi;S. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell st,; only qualified specialist; .$5OO
for case I fail to cure; diseases 01 the eyes treated.
VI ICE PRIVATE HOMK IN CONfTnEMENT;
X' all rale diseases treated; expert physicians:
terms moderate. OHice, 235 Kearny St., room 9.~
A MRS. DR. UI-UI-..NKI!. PRIVATE HOME
. for all female diseases: separate rooms for la- 1
dles before and during confinement: all female ;
diseases treated successfully; have enlarged and i
arranged my home to suit rich and poor; travelers
attended; Spanish tablets, $2; infallible preventa-
tlven, -!. 419 Kddy st.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day; I
lieiped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
Cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
DB. JOSSKI.YN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st., n.Mr Sixth.
All. CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
— V- stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
; guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In confinement: regular graduate
physician: 30 years* successful practice; JiEDI-
I 1 AL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
V BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment: i
upt cr fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad I
(fleets; never makes them sick to make "them
well: travelers helped Immediately -. prices to suit
UM times; home in confinement. DR. a MRS.
DA V li:s, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Ban_;
consul: free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day ; euro or no charge; separ&io
heme for patients: best skill; medical attend-
nee: low lees: regulator. $2. 1370 Market s;.
MRS. WALLACE - M A«~IN_TIC HEALEK;
rheumatism successfully treated. 20% Stock-
ton st.
QUUKCURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
0 from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. OWYKR, 226 Turk st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY KM ALE DISEASE,
1 don't tail to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254% 4th.
I vH. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
J-'lJones. Diseases of women and children.
HOME. A FRIKNO AND MOTHER'SCARK.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Klghtb st..A!amcda.
* LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
s\- ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
cafe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
FOX A 31 1 EL LAN OU .
p OOD YOUNG MILKING GOATS FOR SALE.
VJT 320 Laidley st., between Miguel or Thirty-
third and Mateo or Thirty-fourth. Take San
Francisco and San Mateo cars. -rv.u
GREAT BARGAIN IN A BURGLAR-PROOF
VX safe, with or without Sargent time lock. 42
Main street. : • : .'
POl! SALE— BICYCLE. 1896 PATTERN; AL-
X most new, with lantern, bell, etc : $60: com-
plete. Apply 2213 Fill more st., from 4toBp. m.
OMESTIC SEWING MACHINE, IN 1• F. It-
fee t order; $15; day and evening. 1559 Market.
I AD Y UOINO EAST WILL SELL NEARLY
J J new $70 Domestic sewing machine, oak finish,
for $25 cash. 2310% Taytor st.
IP OR SALE CH BAP - 85-H 5 Rs2 POWER EN-
ne, boiler, shafting, pulleys, etc. W. E. lle,
Twenty-fourth su and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
TRIBUNE BICYCLE, '95 MODEL, NEARLY
X Dew, at a bargain. C. W. ETTING, 110 Sixth.
OIL PAINTINGS OFFERED TO-DAY AT I
half-price: U. s. Navy, The Oregon, san Fran-
cisco, Oiympla, Charleston. Flying Defender, Cliff |
House, Y/osemi'e Valley, San Francisco Hay.
Mount Shasta and many others. L. JONES, 547
Mission st .*■-- ;
FRESH . URHAM COW: GOOD MILKER:
or exchange for dry cow. 1312 FoUom st.
Fine" PLUSH PARLOR SET. FINK HANG-
Ing lamp, carpet, hatrack, table set. 2 closets,
stove and pan. Call at 2205% Mason st.
DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE, WITH AT-
tachments, $12 60. 2437 Mission St., near
Twenty-firsU
pOMPLETE SECOND-HAND OUTFIT OF
\J tinner's tools land machines; cheap. Box 129,
Napa. Cal.
1?OB SALE-UNION TOTAL-ADDING CASH
A? register; price «26. J. L.. box 64. Call Office.
L'Ol! SALE— SUN 'ASH REGISTER; USED
X I 10 days; price 26. S. C, box 65, Call Office.
V ' i{ BT-CLASH SECOND-HANH WASHING-
X. ton hand press; alsoeighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; ' cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office.
ECOND-HAND GAS OK GASOLINE EN-
gine3; varioussizes: guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call.
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California,
|>OILERS,ENGINES.2D-HANI> MACHINERY, j
I ' waterpipes. Mclntosb & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND . RATTAN FURNI. I
turc bought at the factory caves retailer's pro- 1
fit. California Rattan Co.. 61 First St., nr. Mission !
.UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, Sas"hT7
I ' doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZK
fire and bor*!=r proof safe. 109, 11l Market s:.
L^IRE AND BURGLAR SAKE.' LETTER- i
X 1 press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 103 Clay.
IVTEW RANGES cheaper than second-
i-> hand. A. S. RAY Mfg Ca. 12 California si.
C COUNTERS, SHELVING. SHOWCASK3
/' bou»_t and sold liai%Mar_«t bet. 7t-andiita
EYS-AT-LA W.
ADVlT^E^^STiE^^fv^RT^LATvs^A^P^Cl^
ally: private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at*
tended to. a, W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 860 Market.
LE. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS^
• R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California st.
MJ. NOLEN, A3TORNEY-AT-LAW. 719
• Market St.; advfie free,
rp J. MURRAY. ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; advice free. 24 Sixth st.. rooms 14, 15.
\\T W. DA V 1 ATTORNEY- A I'- LAW, 420
____Californla at., rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
■_ ._. _' '- BICYCLES.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Alliater and Powell st. car lines.
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED^
J\. rented, repaired ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
. BUSINESS chances.
T~o~seTl YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me, as I have customers
on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI-
-1 ness quick see T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
fIJjQAn FINE SALOON AND GROCERY:
•pOUU. doing good business; full stock; fine
locality; rare chance for right party to make big
money: this is a snap and must be sold. T.
LURBL6KJ, 7 City Hall square.
(juc^rkfv grocery AND bak. doing
<Jp^,v>UU. good business; cheap rent; fine cor-
ner stand: eleg.uit stock: will bear fullest investi-
gation; only object for selling, other business: see
this tine buy. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall are.
A LOON ON GOOD STREET DOING GOOD
iJ business; two rooms in rear; large yard; stable
in connection: must be sold; going awav; rent $16.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. '_
C;OrA FOR HALF INTEREST GOOD,
»TpO<)U. paying meat- market; best part of city.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<B» 1"I X A GROCERY AND BAR; FINE
'.. 1 i-O\J. stock; elegant fixtures; doing good
business; in fine locality; will stand the fullest
Investigation, and the place is actually worth twice
amount asked; see this elegant business at once:
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
ARTNKR WANTED, WITH $700, TO TAKE
half interest in the manufacture of a patent for
removing wagon tires without injuring the felloe:
pr will trade for smill ranch; investigate and see
patent. T. Bl LsKI, 7 City Hall aye. .; •
© QAAA~ PARTNER WANTED IN WELL
t^tj\J\J\J . established steam laundry in first
dan running order; has the trade of leading
lodging-houses and restaurants: valuable outside
routes; horses and wagons: business sure to in-
crease if properly attended; books open for inspec-
tion: full investigation. STENBERG CO., 632
Market St.
ClQnn CORNER SALOON; NICELY FIT-
<DOUU. ted up; good location; wholesale dis-
trict: offered at a sacrifice; owner has two places.
STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
<2» 7'A RESTAURANT AND SALOON;
•IP I *J\.f. near large carhouse; neat, attractive
place; doing Al business: large, number regular
boarders; retiring from business. STENBERG
CO., 632 Market st.
1 (\r\f\ first -class saloon and
iIIIvUU. road house; at terminus of two car
lines: 8 magnificently furnished rooms; superb
bar fixtures: more than value In sight; rent only
£45; does business that will justify investment at
$2000; thorough investigation allowed. BTEN-
BERG & CO., 632 Market st.
yj»qnrv restaurant, north, NR. MAR-
«3Tj«J\J\J. ket, doing good business; value In
sight; full investigation to party meaning bust-
ness; don't miss it. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
\- " 1 !( X— PARTIES WISHING TOSELLRES-
Xi rants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st. ■
(2? OKA BUTCHER SHOP: OLD ESTAB-
«iP»_>tJV. lished: 2 horses, -wagon, cart; low rent;
a great bargain. JOHNSTON. 26^ Kearny st.
CjT~Tj CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
*ipOU\J. very central: 21ivlne-rooms: owner had
place 9 years. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearuyst.
<B> OAA OLD - ESTABLISHED BAKERY—
'4POUU. Good store trade and wagon route; bak-
Ing 2 bbls dally. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
\\ OOD AND COAL YARD"! HORSES,
TT wagons, large stock, building; will sell at a
sacrifice; make offer. Apply 26% Kearny.
pANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST.; CHEAP.
\J Apply 26% Kearny St., room 4.
Cj 1 CA PARTNER WANTED IN STRICTLY
<JP I O\J . cash business: duties light and easily
learned: established 12 years. KENNY', 765
Market st.
<3>7;r LADY PARTNER IN RESTAURANT
<JP • «J. on busy part of Market St.; sure bargain;
rent $25. KKNNY, 765 Market st.
SsJ^nO CASH $1000: HOUSE 95 ROOMS;
•riUWU. near Market and Kearny sts.; here
17 years. KENNY, 765 Market st.
C? O Pl ( i partner wanted in HALOo"n
: ♦JT'OtJ I . and lunchhouse in manufacturing dis-
trict; dally receipts $12 to $15. KENNY. 765
Market bt.
5j J7Pi SALOON; 4 ROOMS, FURNISHED;
j «JP X • <J. old established; pays well; worth $750;
full value in sight: trial given: selling account of
o:her business. GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
QO~A BEST CORNER CIGAR-STAND IN
— «-»V». city. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Mar-
ket St. . . •. ■-.
I UJMPIA FRUITSTORE: Ml 8T SELL: OF-
i •JiIUU. fer wanted. BARRETT & SKIFF,
921 Market st.
(ft I ~JT\ M A UFA C TURING BUSINESS;
>\r,X*J\J. easily managed; large profits: suitable
for 2 ladles, or man and wife. STANLY, 21%
Third st. a
©A A A GOOD BUSINESS: ESTABLISHED 4
(jntOU. years: large profits; no competition;
trial given; bargain. STANLY, 21% Third st.
IJLACKSMITH. WAGON AND REPAIR
iJ shop; will sell cheap. DECKER, 1020 Market.
"nE-TAUi:ANT AND ' COFFEE SALOON
JV near Maze. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
I lUU\ BARGAINS SEE LIST.
■ I" 1 '" Candy store for sale. $ 400
Saloon, good, for sale '. 350
Grocery store for sale 4000
Meat market for -sale.. 360
Coffee saloon for sale 1000
Restaurant for sale 650
Coalyard for sale 275
Shoe store, country town, for sale
Apply to H. C. DKCKKR, 1020 Market, opp. sth.
©Cnn CORNER BAR ON KEARN V AND
•„ ( '"/. California; established for years: good
paylne place; not riders need apply. WILKE &
WOLF, 531 California si.
<&] OAA BEST CORNER BAR IN WHOLE-
tjpXO_'_'. sale district; money-making place;
must b« sold at orce: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE & WOLF, 531 Cal'a.
I iifc^AA PARTNER. WANTED IN SALOON !
•■»"''. and dance hall: clearing s3oo a month. I
WILKE & WOLF. 531 California at.
CfOAA GRICERY AND BAR WITH LIV-
<iP«_>UV. Ing-rooms; free rent: good neighbor-
hood. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
*t'->AA PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORE:
«Jr«JUU. cash trade: good place for man and
wife. MF.EKS A CO., 865% Market St.
ILL PARTIES WISHING TO SELL OR BUY
•■A places of business try CH V' BUSINESS
AGENCY, 86.'. 1 2 Market St.
C?_>XA PARTNER WANTED IN LEGlTi-
'tT'jOyj. mate manufacturing business: manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in great demand; trade increasing:
money to be Invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock: is absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
In; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market St.
Q9AA PARTNER for light, GENTEEL
».r **'-'"• and paying business: no nUht or Sun-
day work. HICKOK A- CO., 873% Market St.
C; IA A GOOD PAY' FRUIT STAND,
ip I \>U. well stocked. HEGARTY.IOO4 Market.
ORNER GROCERY AND BAR; BARGAIN
\J to-day. HEGARTY. 1004 Market st.
TToorT BUSINESS MAN WITH SMALL CAP-
*J ital wishes to purchase one-half interest in
some established business; no saloon men need
answer. Address L, box 64, Call Office.
<2{7nn FOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR;
<P • \J\J. cheap rent; 3 living-rooms and stable;
no opposition; a rare opportunity. Inquire Call
Office.
BRANCH BAKERY, CONEECTIONERY AND
notions, with laundry office; fine location: op-
poslt carhouse; rent .heap; goo I business; don't
fail to see this rare chance. 7 City Hall aye.
<5?9^A GREAT BARGAIN: SPECIALTY
tus— O\J. store: finest in the city; good paying-
must be sold this we k; owner going north. In-
quire 1404 Polk st.
V>OR SALE: FIRST-CLASS DELICACIES
X store: best location; good business; cause sell-
ing, wife has become invalid. Apply Call office.
<E*l <>5 SALOON, SE. COR. BATTERY AND
«IP.L"c». \allejosts.; great bargain; living-rcoms
upstairs; must be sold this week.
BK R KELEY EVENING PAPER ROUTE FOR
JJ sale. Address BANCROFT'S book store
Berkeley. '
I) ESTAURANT, NEWLY FURNISHED;TaIR
XV location: cheap rent; dining-rooms upstairs.
Address B. P.. box 20, Call Office. !>■••«■.
L" < - 1 : SALE— TA I LOR SHOP. 204 POWELL, ON
X account of sickness. For ; aniculars call at
Humboldt Hal!, corner Powell and Ellis sts.
pHICKEN RANCH; CHEAP; ON ACCOUNT
V.' of death. 4-mile house. Bay View, So. S. v?.
AKERY FOR SALE CHEAP. 228 NOE ST
between Fifteenth and sixteenth.
PARTNER WANTED IN A FIRST-CLASS
X saloon; connected with 12 elegantly furnished
rooms; good location: long lease ana low rent- no
agents. Inquire 536 Washington St.. room 3.
OARGAIN— OLD ESTABLISHED CIGAR
l-» candy and notion store; opposite university
gate, Berkeley: junction Telegraph-avenue electric
road: cars stop In front of store. Apply on prem-
p"lTY NEWSPAPER FOR SALE-DEVOTED
\J to the residents of the Mission district; present
owner has made it pay, though ver.- sick; good op-
portunity to Increase income. Address T F B
box 62, this office: or apply at this office for partic-
GREAT BARGAIN; MUST be SOLD \s I
owner is going north: branch bakery, notions
Candy, milk, butter, eggs, etc.; fine place .or Ice
cream or coffee-parlor; sunny living-rooms. Ad-
ply 110 Sixth st, upstairs.
©OAA FIRST-CLASS SALOON, OPPOSITE
<tJpiJ\J\J. railroad station: must be sold on ac-
count of sickness. Apply 1402 Va'encia. cor
Twenty-fifth. J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia st!
STOCK OF POULTRY FOR SALE, EAST OAK-
land. E. HILL, 34 Donohoe building.
<E?1 00 BUYS HAL INTEREST IN BEST
<$iX\JKi paying business in the city; no com-
tion: call and Investigate. 617 Jones, near Geary.
ft YOU HAVE ANYTHING To SELL. BUY
X or exchange call on us: there is no equal to our
quick sales; never heard of it, and we always have
snaps for buyers; come at once. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
\\T ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
*» with us: will sell it In 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for all kinds of businesses. Columbia 128
Fourth st. •
""TEL— 24 ROOMS: BAR; FULL
<&\J\J\J. house; full value in sight; going to Eu-
rope; must se.l Immediately: no agents. Apply
1326 c Harrison st.
T?OR SALE-BAKERY AND CONFECTION-
-C cry. Apply 626 Valencia su
BUSINESS ■ CHANCES— Continjoejti^
© 7 CORNER SALOON AND FIXTURES;
<Jp 10. rent 820. 865 Bryant st.
I^OR SALE— FRENCH LAUNDRY, DYING
T and Cleaning: good reasons for selling. Address
by letter C. BONNARD, -'18 Fourth St.. Santa
Bosa. . .
pORNER SALOON AND LODGING-HOUSE •
\J 11 rooms: business part of city: present owner
conducting business for 12 years: no reasonable
oner lefused; reason family troubles. Apply 101
Sacramento st. .
Cfrfjrj* COAL AND WOOD YARD: GOOD
t]p«J I O. business: must sell at once; engine and
boiler worth the money ;trial given. Call 810 Sixth.
OTEL WANTED— TO LEASE A HOT L
with bar and fixtures in good locality close to
city; price must b • moderate and full investiga-
j tion allowed. Address C. G. li., Diniond P. 0.,
I A ameda County. C°l.
? AUNDRY FUR SALE— HEALTHY COUN-
Ij try town; old established; bargain. HENRY
LANGE, St. Helena, Cat
feytPUl FINE SALOON: 4 LIVING-ROOMS:
«Jp-rOU. fine stock and fixtures; billiards and
pool. 171 b Clara su
pOFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; GOOD BUSI-
V^ ness and location. Apply this office.
ANDY-STORE FOR SALE. 261 THIRD ST.'
Bargain.
a LBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 fourth,
-TV. NE. cor. Everett st., for sale.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
OR SALK BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS,
cigars, laundry; 4 rooms. 842 Railroad aye..
Alameda. v
pENTLEMAN partner wan BY
vJ lady of means, with «35 capital. 12 Mason
St., rm. 2.
pENTRAL HOTEL IN SAN RAFAEL;
V, lease, good will, stock and fixtures for sale at a
bargain. Apply at hotel.
\\T ANTED— 3 DAY 8* NOTICE TO BPJLL YOU
tt business; to buy a business come at once.
LYNCH & SERRY. 935 Market St. -
"COLOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN.
F and In good order: always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st., basement.
UST BE SOLD BY JUNE I— WELL-PAY-
inc. long-established business; cheap rent;
mate oiTer. Apply 106 Turk st.
PLENDID OPPORTUNITY to OPEN BAK
0 cry and delicacy store in connection with mod-
ern apartment house: trade from building alone
should pay all expenses: speaking tubes through-
out the house: rent very low to desirable party;
owner will take part rent in trade. Apply 26
O'Farrell St., room 16.
O YOU WANT A CHANCE TO MAKE
money? First-class saloon: must be sold.
Address Chance, box 135, Call Office.
A LOON FOB SALE. APPLY AT THB
Union Brewery, Eighteenth and Florida sts.
rpo LEASE IN M ATT FIELD, SANTA CLARA
1 county. Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
OR RENT, UNFURNISHED— THE 'GRAN-
Ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
containing parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and flue location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business; extra inducements
offered. Address LOUIS KLUMI'P, Folsom, CaL
OOD PAYING CYCLERY; GOOD WHEELS;
best location. W. CR ■ NE. 324 Post St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
T^ro6mB~fine^corner.. T77TT77T77T. $150
lc)l0-room house, worth $1000; price 400
40 rooms; fine for transient. 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only 600
16 rooms on Taylor st :. 750
46 rooms on Market st 250J
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
1 A ELEGANTLY FURNISHED Rohm :
XU money for business woman; central: low rent
C, box 4, Call.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG~-
-1 ing-house, See T. LUBELSKI, 7Clty Hall aye.
Ctl Z\flfl 50- ROOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
«IPxUUU. Iron Works; low rent; selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT SKIFF, 921 MarKeL
BOARDING AND LODGING house" for
X> sale; near city front; will be sold cheap. In-
quire at 39 Pacific st.
\\riLL SELL YOUR LODGING-HOUSE IN
" 2 days or treat. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
OR SALE— HOTEL OR LoDGING-H.
22 Sacramento st., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted: gas; water: improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished and In order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel is especially adm led for a
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market St.: established 3 years; reasons for sell.
Ing, owner retiring from business. Apply to owner
on premises.
fljji /7r WELL FURNISHED HOUSE OF 9
«TO -L 10. rooms for sale: rent low. 216 Seventh.
OD WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH Oil-
— l fan: low rent: a bargain. 40 sixth st.
FI'RMTUKE J-OK SALE.
LAT~~6f 7^ FuTtNlsHK^~~^O^!M^r^?Olt
gale: rent $18. Address 1416 a Howard st.
&lIIH 4 ROOMS; ALL NEW FURNITURE;
tlPlv'v. at 27 Moss St., near Seventh.
URNITURE OF 7 ROOMS FOR SALE
cheap; must be sold. 338 c olden Gate aye.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time: open evenings.
TjWRE SALE .' '■ ~ ',
XJ Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets , $18 51
Bed lounges ' 8 UIJ
Stoves ; 7 5j
Carpets, peryard „ 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, peryard • 10
■ Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stan'i. Till such time we are conducting business
a; SK. corner Seventh and Mission tsta. i
NOON AN. ■
J.tU\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $117
rt\J\J stoves. $6: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed*
$10; bed- onnges, $7. .T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4:h.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $73"
tfc uedlonnges trimmed with plush $5 53
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 400 nil
Window shades In s colors.. .. 250 up
SHIRKS & SHIREK, 747 Market •_. opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
f FURNITURE WANTED.
ALL ON J. C. MUTHER, 601 CALIFORNIA^
if you waut highest cash price for your furni-
ture, carpets, pianos or merchandise of any kind.
ECOND-HAND FURNITURE WANTED TO
O fill country orders: I will pay good prices. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
AM ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORS
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth at.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
B I- FORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
- . lure, saloons and merchandise: highest pric«.
H Mayer buys your furniture.
■ carpet*, piano. 113'> Market: tel. Jessie 761.
CAKPET CLEANING.
p rea^aVter^^teTm^ cXr^etTTlean^
V-T ing Works. Tel. So. 576; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
JONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
pARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD: LAID 3tt"
VJ Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»T poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Teliama su : teL 0 . 40.
ON KLIN'S CAKPET BEATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
CITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, m«r. Tel. South 250.
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BE AT-
ing works; latest Improved machinery : 3c yard.
G. GEORGE, 11 Klghth St.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPETS CLEANED AND KENOVATEO
\J like new. FERGUSON <fc CO.. 23 Tenth: t»_
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH a co.. successors.
JK. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 24(1
. 14th St.; cleaning He a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
McQUE_N'SCARPKT BEATING AND RE !«"
. ovatintf works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 223.
HOUSES.
oTTsXle^goodTstylisii bay mafTkTS
years old, with or without bu«gy and harness;
suitable for professional or business man; cheap.
Apply at 1095 Howard St.
CAA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND H A rI
*J\J\J ness; all kinds; buggy, wa-/on, car: s, surrey
and rock.i-.iai-; 40 cheap horses.' Fifteenth and
Valencia sts.
ipOK SALE— A NEARLY NEW BUGGY AND
-T harness: band made; very stylish. Inquire at
427 Hayes st. ■
PLATFORM GEAR WAGON AND TEAM OF
X young horses; suitable for express or furniture
work. See OUS STRAND, 45 Third st. urm " lre
HORSE, WAGON AND HARNESS FOR SALE
cheap. 20% Clara st ; •,-:<.;,••.
Af\ HORSES. FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS."
"V buggies, carts, harness:. Grand Arcade Horaa
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wedne*.
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. ™ :
H'~ OBeES PASTURED: SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st,
150 &iCrS ££, W , A - >1J SECOND-HAND HAIT
XOXJ ness: al kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
T)R. C. H. /- 8 7 " AI " VETERINARY SUR-
hVs,^ ft ft, *\, P ? Uce Depar'menu Office an*
hospital. 121 1 iiv Hal; aye.: telephone south 401.
WAGONS' AND CAKKIAOEs]
F?7V^ 1 ; E -« AlTDsiosnT" yo^nTTlblTck
J- 17-haiatcam; excellent.drivers: very attract
ive. Particulars at 20 O'Furrcll st , rooms 2 and 4.
(l°J ) I H,£ K^ TLK HORSE FOR SALE CHEAP*
U SPECK A CO., 602 Market st. p.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVFS-
O samples. H. to. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansomest!
M E ; V AND SECON D-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
\ o £' mul> - and Krocery wagons: also roclcawar
, ana 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. 1 " t - B - liw VHOrSES TO I.F.T.
x^in HOWARDTi:b"D~GT]^-"H"oFBE^OR
010 ho el: 35 rooms; store. 2 rooms: $75 -
s j^^^^fUsS s^ 1 * batu: rent
c^o^if^^m^^ 0^- 24 moss
H^ E e?ci-gga : s fSSY YARD; RENT
H US S 9 L IA H l" ■ SUNNY ROOMS, BATH.
irrtP, 4« V?? be " Sed * Or 2 f » m ' lies? beautiful
iencla?" P ' near Kldle y« aoove v »-
-£BO ?-£V£f 8 HOOMS . BATH: MODERN*:
<3<J\J . 1723 Clay st,. near Van Ness aye.
W E RENT MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE i
ViiN-"n a m?? Op . le ri:;ht - BALDWIN £ HAM. I
____________ ■ rv
FI'KXI^HKU HOUSES. ~
A T BELMONT-FURNISHED RESIDENCE '
I * roonjs i *"d sttlole : rent no object to re- 1
Mc^omJry o^- APi>ly l ° ViIBSE; - * CO., 14 ;
C OTTAGE TO LET— 6 ROOMS: NEATLY
V^ faraishc-d- 3935 Twemv-fifth St., near Church.
CEVEN-ROOM HO'- FOR SALE; EVERY-
-0 thing new; no agent*. Apply Call Office.
SCO *f° UGH -T." NEAR CLAY-7 ROOMS,
r^^w. . bath: comfortably lurched, including
COTTAGES TO LET. . ~~
1 9 PAGE-avrTXcTTi^'EOoSIE'IBATH
x\j and basement. Apply in rear.
AGE-6 ROOM"* AND BATH: ALL
v- modern lmr>rovement*. 1016 Broderick st
near Turk: rent. 532 50.
9 COTTAGES, 5 AND 5 l;uOMs; B\TU-
— cheap. Apply 2343 Bryant St.. nr Twenty-fifth!-
-<<l4. ? E AT COTTAGE O¥ 4 BOOMS AND
%.' -«-"X« bath. Its3l Union, near Lazuna.
C<T C a rAGE OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD OPI~-
V* i.tj\j. der; water free. Apply premises 943
Bryant st., near Eighth, or room "79, 6-!b Mont-
gomery.
FLATS TO LET. "
9?: M I N -4 ROOMS: fT£ NT 9U. 805
—*J Union, 3-room riat; yard; $10.
?. 9Q TURK-TWO FLATS, i ROOMS EACH;
O>-O rear.
4« 9ri LOWER FLAT. c ROOMS and BATH :
•- —V. large basenient and sanny yard. 137
Fagesu
_> 99 UPPER FLAT; 3610 SIXTEENTH ST.:
*>-'"" — • 7 larae sunny rooms and bath: modern
improvements ; y&ca and basement: water frw.
OZY UPPER FLAT— SIX KUOMS; BATH;
\J wood mantel: modern improvements: reat re-
duced. g!2 Tr-at ay.. bet. 2 1st and ifgd sts.
«< 9<k ELEGANT UPPER FLAT: BAY-WIN-
**"* dows; 6 large rooms aud baih: modern
improvements. 511 Oreenwich 1 -
TIPPER AND LOWER FLATS: 3 AND 4
«-> rooms; very convenient; $7 and $3. 941 Bry-
C:1 (1 UPPER FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH.
y-L O. 1625% Pine st.. above Van Ness aye.
FREE RENT GIVEN TO GOOD TENANTS
(half to one month); prices irein $6 up.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market __
91 SHOTWELL-5 SUNNI ROOMS; BATH;
— ~X~ stationary tubs; rent $20.
"I I Q FULTON— FINE MlDDl_ FLAT OF 7
Xl O rooms and bath : $2S
SOUTH BRODERICK. NEAR FOUR-
teenth; fiat, ti sunny rooms; rent $14.
991 q FIFTEENTH, NEAR CASTRO-s-T.
■— — XiJ cars: 5 sunny rooms, bath: low rent.
Ql f\ PLAT 3 ROOMS: YARD. 1706 SAN
<- I"i Carlos aye., near Eighteenth st.
9Q I Ol BUSH— UPPER FLAT OF 6 SUNNY
—"i-"3 rooms an -i ba:h: cheap; good view.
El-EoANT NEW CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS
and bath: sun all round: carpets for sale: 1418
Ellis St.; rent $35, including water. M.ADI6ON i
BURKE. 6-6 Market st. •
kTQ TWENTY-THIRD; 100 KET FROM
"" • «' Castro cars; lovely snnny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; real only $16;
water free.
O SUNNY BAY-WIN .-.OOM>; BATH:
«-> basement: key at 19 Hampion place» off Fol-
som. near Third.
l_)O(l MCALLISTER, Nil. SCOTT— MODERN
X~±OU flat; 6 rooms; bath: $27 s<i: water free.
79Qa GROVE— LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS,
* *•'-' fcath; light sucny yard. /: '■:■• c
©17 5 SUNNY ROUSH; MODKKN EM-
C*J- I . provements. 20 Albion aye., off Fifteenth
St., bet. Valencia aud Guerrero.
TO« FLAT OF 4 ROOMS: PORCELAIN
I- bath and basement; cor. Twenty- third and
Castro ? s.: €13: 544 Castro St., upper flat 6 rooms
and bath, $17 50.
TAPPER FLOOR 5 ROOMS; $14. S lIUWABD
yJ coort, off Howard s:.. nrar Fourth.
TTPPER FLAT OF 5 LARGE KOOMs. 133 LILY
vJ aye.; key procery. corner Page and Octavia sis.
CITY HALL: ELEGANT FLAT OF~S
i^ rooms: lau^st improvements; $23. 143 Grove.
ITIJERS -i.\>V UI'PEK CORNER FLAT.
6 room<«: bath: stable. Southwest corner
Haul? and Merritt, bc-t. Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth ts.
1 v < , - STEINEU. NEAR rsUTTEK— LOW Kit
itUl fiat : 5 modern large sunny roqrns: bath.
IS N ROOMS, 1120 HA
rison st., nr. Seventh.
1 "1 L> ASH AYE., Mi. MCALLISTER, ABOVE
-I J-O Polk: sunny Hat ; modern: 515.
I'lOi MISSION, NEAP. ELEVENTH:: 3
XOX beautiful papered rooms: bath: laundry.
« AND 5 ROOMS: BATH; 1,612, $13; ELEC-
trttric lines. 45>*5 Elghteenih _.
/ " r.NLP. FLAT, SUN IN EVERT SOOH; 6
V rooms: latest improvements. 1541 Eddy st.
C UNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
C garden: $18 and $16. 1706 Post st.
. 7 OWERiLAT OF 4 LAIiGE ROOM.-?: SUNNY
AJ aide of street; rent $9 a mo:;:h. 413 I'.ingold
f:.. bet. Eighta and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
rnf'l MCALLISTER — VLAT; 6 HOOM.S;
• — Us modern Improvements: rent reduced.
WE KENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
>> treat people r:ct:. BALDWIN <fc HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
17LEUANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
XJ lew Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
EEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\, WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
«se free.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO_S.
Clinton I'ark.
999 CLINTON PARK— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
——-. nlshed rooms for light housekeeping; mod-
erate
fccldr Street.
Ql7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
•J 1 I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family.
Ellis Mreet-
r Q9 ELLIS-FOUR SUNNY UNFURNISHED
%J*J— rooms, with bath.
fourth Street.
0 *(' FOURTH— SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
_*±O and housekeeping: families; newly fur-
nished ; day, week or month.
1 9O FOURTH CLEAN SUNNY RoOMS,
J -*\J single or doable complete.
lif iti Street.
ftQ SUNNY BEDROOM; KITCHEN; BATH ;
gO. water; no children: private 314 Fifth st.
tieary Street.
QQO PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
•_—»>. sewing-room, bath, kltcbea: all neces-
tarif-s. 1917 Geary st.
Hermann Street.
Q' HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
—■') rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
lioivard Streot.
r.r\ 4 HOWARD. COR. THIRD— FINE SUNNY
I \J'i furnished front rooms for housekeeping.
-11 19 HOWARD— 2 FKONT SUNNY BAY-
111—, window housekeeping rooms; water;
range;* »12 50.
Jackson Street.
IHI Q JACKSON. NEAR MASON — FUR-
I'M'*" nlshed sunny front, large housekeeping;
ti tog 9. ■ ____ 1 _
Jessie Street.
<~)('i' JESSIE— FRONT ROOM AND KITCHEN
—DO for £.:id wife. ■ .
Kearuy Street.
9QA KEARNY— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
— O\J gas or coal stove: also other rooms.
Linden Avenue. -
OQ LINDEN AVK.OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
— V Hayes— l-arge unfurnished room ; stove.
Market Street.
OAQQ MARKET— 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
_*J'tCj nlsbed sunny rooms for housekeeping.
'••A.iihirr tract.
j «7 McALLI-TER-2 SUNNY ROOMS: FUK-
*J 1 < nisbed complete lor housekeeping: $12.
.. — on >irce;.
Q-n MISSION — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
rJ'J'J rooms: *:nele and en suite: rent, (6 up.
'/> I MISSION. KB. SECOND-2 ROOMS;
tJO 1 furnished complete for light houseke ping.
191 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
J _ J O keeplne rooms: cas: bath: do children.'
"I I~MIHSION. COX. NINTH — 2 COZY
1-.OL housekeeping rooms; $10.
Ninth Street.
Ofk NINTH ST., NEAR MARKET—
— V housekeeping: 2 to 4 rooms: suits*; single;
•love; g&s: $10 up; also 232 Eighth st., % 8 up.
HOrSEKEEPIKO_BOOMtS - Continued.
Norfolk Street.
52 525*2% BET. ELEVENTH AND
c— Twelfth, Folsom and Harrison— Sunny cot-
tage o; I rooms: furnished for housekeeping;
washroom and yard; $10. Apply upstairs.
Oak Street.
O1 OAK-CUEAN SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
*JX rooms: furnished: bath: gas: rent reasonable.
O'i-arrell street.
Q97O;FARRELI— 3 OR 4 NICELY FUR-
*/— 1 nlahed housekeeping rooms.
Page Street.
mPAGE — FURnTsHEDITFRONT BAY-
-101 window housekeeping room: conveniences;
reasonable.
Perry Street.
1 AR PER R V — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
.1 I\J housekeeping rooms: terms reasonable.
Polk Mreet.
1009 POLK — ELEGANT SUITE OF TWO
i yv- back rooms in modern apartment rouse:
separate kitchen, sink, etc. : large closets, all con-
veniences; no lodgers; rent &12 60; references
exchatiged.
Post street.
Q99 POST— 2 PLEASANT BACK ROOMS.
t/.£— furnished for housekeeping: $10. ,
Scot: Street.
"I "1 O SCOTT— 3 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
I XO ing rooms: partly tarnished for housekeep-
i ins.
Taylor Street.
"I AO TAYLOR-SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS,
-I.UO also housekeeping; rent low.
Turk street.
09] TURK— 2 LOVELY UNFURNISHED
<■—-»- rooms; cas: stove: grate; closet* ; running
water.
pOi-TON HOUSE. 220 SINGLE SUiTES
\J light housekeeping: $5 up; brick bide; yard.
"Washington street.
—A 9 W ASH IX 0 TON - SUNNY UNFUR-
uU«i nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
Miscellaneous.
3 NICE ROOMS: HOUSEKEEPING FOR 2
ladies or man and wife: pleasant part of Mar-
ket su: rent «11. G. L., box 6, Call < fflce.
! pH FA PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
1 \J WEEKLY CALL, MOt to any address In the
I United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
: ago free. * |
ROOMS TO LET.
Eddy Street.
• n-] Q EDDY— NICELY BURNISHED LARGE
j yJXO front bay-window room; also front single.
i-iglith Street.
QHERMAS APARTME.NT HOUfcE, 2« BTH
0 et.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
tills Mr«:.
(\OQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— SUNNY FUR-
j \JOU nished room for 2: 813.
• rT»HE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MBS. KATE S.
I X HART, manager— A qniet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly inrnished: elevator: hot A cold water.
DOSEDALK HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— I(Ki ROOMS
XX. at reduced rent; satisfy yourself; open all night.
Eleventh Street.
m ELEVENTH — LARGE FRONT ROOM;
also small room; furnished or unfurnished.
1 olsom Street.
O>~)(\ FOLSOM ST. — FURNISHED SINGLE
O— .v/ rooms: $1 per week.
Fourth 'treet.
4QTI FOURTH ST. -MCE. SUNNY FRONT
ttO 1 2 room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
, , — ,
Oturr Mree..
IOQ GEARY— FRONT ROOM. SUTTABLK| 1
tzOO or 2 persons: terms reasonable.
QAQa GEARY — SUITE OF ROOMS; SUNNY j
CUO side; for lady or married couple; also sunny
front room in private family.
THE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANI'S;
1 handsomely furnished suites, sit. els rooms, 10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. BW, cor. Van Ness aye. ;
l»reen Street.
71 C GREEN-LARGE. NEWLY FURNISH-
I 1U ed room, $6 per month. . 1
liowuril Street.
979?. HOWARD-SUNNY SUITE OF ROOMS
— • — O for two gentlemen or for light housekeep-
j ing; very reasonable. ]
Jessie Street.
ijnn JESSIE— FURNISHED ROOM FOP. GIRL
-UU or woman working out.
91 Ol JESSIE— LIGHT SUNNY FURNISHED
%jXOh rooms; reasonable.
on.-. street.
nrf JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
i single room; also funny alcove room.
907 .*«>NE» — THii VAN WISKLR: >K\V
—\J I n.sr.ajrerr.pnt. elf ran: snnny suites and
t:ng:e: newly lumishec!: batn. etc; SlO to S3U.
i»«sarny street.
A BLINOTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY-FLEAS-
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first cU_
:i every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin street.
«9Q LARKIN — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
— t/ nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
Laskle Street.
91 LASKIE. OFF MISSION, NEAR NINTH—
2 2 furnished sunny rooms: $3, $4 and 55.
Mark*- me..
11 1 O MARKET-SINGLE ROOMS, $1 25;
X JL-LO larger, $"J to $3; suites, $5 up: transient-
! A'OfeEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— Piiß
X night. 35c to 91; week, 51 50 to $5: families.
McAllister Street.
70_ MCALLISTER— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
4 \J~± room: bath, hot and cold water: reference.
lbsion > I reel.
THE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
J. Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements: ele-
vator: single or en suite: 25c to sl 50 a day.
UP.OPE 12OL-E, lies MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Oak Street.
JO'IOAK ST.-UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
l_Os large bay-window, back room and kitchen.
Octavia Street.
] A(\O OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY-SUNNY
-LttvJO furnished bay-window room; kitchen.
Pine Street.
mPINE. BET. DUPONT AND STOCK-
ton— Furnished rooms; $5 and $7 a month.
Polk Street.
Q-I Q POLK-SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
OXO nished alcove bath, running- water, gas,
etc; for 2 cents: new carpets and furniture: also
tinted single newly furnished rooms; reasonable.
1 owell Street.
nn' POWELL, COR. GEARY— 2 LARGE
—•£O sunny, single front furnished rooms.
Sacramento Street.
1 4 1 A PACRAMENTO-PLEABANT SUNNY
JL *1 1. "1 furnished rooms; private family; for two
gentlemen or husband and wile; bath and running
water; convenient to cable cars.
Sixths r..© .
1 Ql SIXTH— SUNNY FRONT SUITE. BUIT-
-102 ab:e for manicuring parlors; rent $20.
1 no SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
J.vO rooms; en suite or single; clean :nuiet ;$5 up.
Stockton street.
90 9 1 STOCKTON— FRONT SUITE, UNFUR-
_U— '2 ntshed, with carpets: snltable for office.
"I Ql A STOCKTON— FRONT ROOMS;
lull single; en suite; also doctor's office; cheap.
butter >treet.
Z.f\(\ SUTTER. COR POWELL— SUNNY FR'NT
O\J\J suite, furnished or unfurnished: other rooms.
i r~(\O SUITER. COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANT
1 v/O furnished rooms, all new, by the month.
neyn sutter-3 sunny front ROOMS;
I _v) private: gentlemen; reference if required.
Taylor Street.
1 HO TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS. $2 A WEEK;
X\JO also doable parlors, separate beds, $20.
-I /1O TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SIN-
| 1 'i'J gle front room, with hot water; bath; $2
! per week. ■-• - - . ■■■
Tenth Street.
m TENTH. NEAR MARKET- 3 LARGE
sunny rooms; board or housekeeping.
"lurk Street.
nn A TURK-FRONT AND BACK PARLORS
.i_"± furnished; with or without board.
Valencia Street
000 VALENCIA— LARGE BACK PAP.LOR
o£o nicely furnished, with use- of parlor if de-
sired: suitable for man and wife or dressmaking;
rent reasonable. . .■ . • '. : - ■ -
"l niQl VALENCIA— SUITES, $15;
lU"iOg also single rooms (heap.
Van Avenue.
r(\* VAN NESS - FRONT SUNNY HALL
"I U-± room; 86: nostgn. \
• ' .•. "Was hington Street.
m/; WASHINGTON— FURNISHED
OOV suDsy front rooms to leu 1
" * ■■-■ .' - '■■ '.'■ '->.t: - - ' . . " i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 22, IS9G
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
700 ■^>"FARRBIZ~ W (CH ANGLED" BAKM)-
-• UU Elegant rooms: suite or single: first-class
board.
coo GKABY— FKONT~ROOM"sI RUNNING
—— water: good table board; sln^la or suites-
-IQI 9 BUSH— 1 .LARGE SUNNY liOOM:
A OIL nicely furnished.
HOTEL BERTIJNG. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmod-
o»> convenience. -
CHILDREN liOAKDllI).
\ \' A NTEd2tHe""ca RE oV"^AN~INFANT'.
Call or address 22 Laidley M.
LADY WISHES CHILD TO BOARD: GOOD
home. 1 4 Oak su
rTERMAN WOMAN WISHES CHILDREN TO
y * board; mother's care; good home. 318Twenty-
fourth corner Treat aye over fruitstore.
\\' ANTED— I OP. 2 CUILDKEN~TO BOARD;
'' go;<l nnme. 10431-'; Valencia st.
STOKES TO LET.
{)( \ 1 7^A? iTiT\ r >nr"X^TiT : oN
C— U. & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery su
MORE CHEAP:" SUITABLE FOR ANY'
.«-> bnslness; good location. J29»s Fourth st.
LUSKCOKXEK STOKE. WITH FIXTURES; 3
X rooms and stable: rent lew. 500 Ninth st.
1 1 O?\ HOWARD— TO LET; AN OLD-ESTAB-
-1 1 1 >O lished traitstore: rent $20.
TAX POl.K— DELICATESSEN STORE TO
I \JO let ; tenant just moved out; rent $18: busi-
ness established; rooms In rear ; fine chance for
gomebod y.
OjmCKS TO LET.
»>/» OrAlUrtETL^sTN^TT^KoTrr^oTKTcEsl
— " with electric lights, elevator and janitor ser-
vices.
(.('JO market, OPP. mason-lofts of
UOO various sices; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
/CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
\J Ofßots $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
QPRECKELS building. 927 market—
O Elt-gan: sunn-, offices. 512 50 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building
iTH.ll.i'Vi;>KN.ti'".'ii Montgomery st.
___________
BTABXBS TO LhiT.
tseauti?ul large stable?^':4iT"ca_-
X) fornia st. : rent cheap. Apply room 26. Chroni-
cle building.
———_—_____.
EDUCATIONAL.
A Tl EN D SI lEHL'S COLLEGeT723 MARKET
rv si. The very best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons in shorthand. Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting and English branches. $1;
books free.
B6> • K KEEPING BY - TAKBi ONLY ACCOUNT-
Xi ant teaching; 1.3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD/TEACHER OF
X violin. guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH obbv kn, VOICE-IMPKOVER. 82
O Ninth sl
BOOKKPNG, WKITNG. I C, GRAM P.
day&niwhttnoclasses-.^Smonth. bib Mission
BOUKKKUPI.SG-^CHOOL— PEN MaNS H|IP
arithmetic, taught in 6 weeks. 5 Stockton. rm. 2.
DB FOREST— STAGE, ELOCUTION. VOlCE-
building. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:30.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND V OCA
lessons: $3 mo. MARY WE^THaUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH. FRENCH ACADEMY. CAsTTII AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons m. ; $3 m. Maze bl.l r "..
OI'aNI^H.FI'.ENCH.OEKMAN; MODERATE.
O-Uel«ter«chaft School Languages. 122 O'Farrei'. s:
A YBKS'. I UK LEADINU SHORTHAND COL-
-■"V lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship 50: low rates per week and month.
UELA^CO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
JJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. bloc*. 7th and Mku
< CHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING. ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture
assay: «,iab. *64. VAN PEP. NAILLEN. 723 Mku
HEALD r S BUSINESS COLLEGKr24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, busineta practice, ihor.haai
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modaia
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
V HiH isCli(iUL;ilKAl.l' sKI >. COLLEGE; 11
— ' Post:comm»rci»l. «;.t)r:b«ud. English: .(wrra<i
\rioLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; KF.A-
-» «o-'ab<«'. PROF. KKaN''l«. 10451 -j Va>nc:a
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
FINE STEIN \VAY UPRIGHT: MUST SELL.
1019 Van Ness aye.. corner Geary.
BEFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.*, BU>H
& Gerts and Knabf pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT 4 CO.. 324 Post st.
UPBIGHTGRAND HARDMAN; LIKE NEW;
' wonderful tone; elegant case; perfect condi-
tion: offered by private party at your own price: a
n»re opportunity; for Immediate sale. Room 10,
bO9 .Market tt-
T ADY OBLIGED TO/SACRIKICE A MAGNlFl-
JUceatSteck piano; make offer. Room 21. 809
Market st.
CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small pood* at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York : just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins, $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY sCOTT, 929
Market St.. spreckels building.
v 1 •>" FINE CUICKERING: SCHMITZ. 16
Q-L — O. McAllister St., next to Hibernia Bank.
OHMEK, STECK, STEIN WAY. MATH AM
O second-hand uprights cheap. IQti McAllister.
Ql 00 MARSHALL UPKIGHT:SHEP.w7)uTi
QL\J\J. upright, $150. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
\NNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
-TV. pianos and musical goods; everrthing sold
cheap this month. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market su
HERMAN, CLAY A; CO SI 1 1 AY REP-
-0 resentatives. show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West; all grades and
prices: easy monthly payments; everything guar-
■nfed as represented. Kearny axj'Sutter.
A SUA W, *375: STtIN WA yTs*j:s : SQUARE.
-TV $25; rented $2 op. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A RRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
.£I- grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS. 82 Ninth st.
C^ONOVEK PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW I
\J great sacrifice. Ttw V. W. bJPJiNCKK COM-
PA NY. 388 Post St.
pHICKEKIXG, KNABK. STECK.VOSE. BTKR-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano 'or $187: pianos
;or rent. BENJ. CUKTAZ i. aON. 16 >arr». .
BYRON MAIZY, 308 POST ST.— -OHM KB,
Newby & van ErirCT and other piano*.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. Ot 4N E
0 H. MULLEft. mak>r. rralror. 2 1-ntliam place.
LOST. ~
Q9X REWARD— LOST, A SPIDER-AND^FLY
W — -' diamond locket, 1884 on back: lost at
butchers' picnic Return to Golden Gate Villa,
I ocean beach, and receive reward.
OST— FEATHER BOA; C ALIFO!'.NI.\-< r
line, night of the 20th. Return to 2121 Cali-
fornia st.; suitable reward.
ost— silver watch AND gold CHAIN
at Shell Mound Park, Butchers' day; Initials
D. M. on watch. Return to 328 Fifth st- and re-
ceive reward: no question asked.
O-ii— YELLOW DOG: FOX AND BULL TER-
-J rler. 396 Sixth st-: liberal reward.
o»t— dark-brown SPANIEL DOG. RE-
turn cor. Eighteenth and Shot well sts.; liberal
reward.
OST— VIOLET PIN, DIAMOND CENTER,
crescent of small pearls. Return to grocery-
store. cor. Webster and O'Karrell: liberal reward.
T OST-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
1 ■> Savings and Loan Society of san Francisco, in
the name of CYRUS D. HOYT: No. 71-10 i. The
finder will please return to bank.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of LAURA MULLINS, No. 207674.
The finder will please return to bank. '
— _____ _____ __
FOIND.
voi;nd- ant paii'.s "kyeglass fkameK
r Owner can receive them, CUR. KOCH, 629
Vallejosu ■
DENTISTS. ~ ~~
I"~piB?T-CLASS bkNTISTRY: F[R3T-CLASS
J. prices: first-clas» results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. c HOR-
DING. C.M., M.D., 500 Suiter St., corner Powell.
R. L. T. CKA.VZ- EXIKACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., tor. Grant ava.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5: finings frm $1 : extracting 50c, with gas $1.
_" A SET FOR TKETH: WARRANTED AS
0 i good as can be made: ailing $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 920 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
■I"\R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. L
r^ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X nvf years. DR. V. CA VaLSKY'. 24 sixth st.
SET OF TKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk ki. ■ ..
1 »R. GEORGE W. LXXX. THiS GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improve- bridge work or tee:n
witaout auy plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farreii s - _
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50t; CROWN
X bridge work a specially; plates. $5 up: 13 years'
experience. B. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. hib\\ Geary.
I ,1L H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRI3XJE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ 101/ TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BUO AUUi-
KJ ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKKP.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate are.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
IX WORK REASONABLE AND W_-
ranted. DP- J. W. KKY, 112? Market s_
_-_•; PKRSONAT.S.
Xr«OH ADOPTION— HISALTHY BOY BaBY; 2
f years of age: #2000 cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress H., box 285. Call Office.
GEO..VV. PHIiLPS. aTIOUNEY-AT-LAW. 215
Sansome s:., room 4-
IMPORTANT INFORMATION FROM HOME
awaits BARNEY GOLDBEIIGER at 7 fcouta
iaT— • city.
W a: ? t1 i L- to know WHEREABOUTS OF
»» John J.Thnrban.orCQrry: »lso v*u *- j. Powers,
Br-OJA Pleaseca »817 Pacific St., R. P. KE-
-4 DOPTION-A RESPECTABLE MARRIED
T^^CaTSluce! 10 adopt a child Addresa
\Y HAVE A LAK'.E STOCK OF BILL-
»» heads. letter-heads and statements on hand
which we are selling oil at less than 50 per cent ot
cost: you can buy them print. C at less than whole-
sale price: come quick, while they last, j C
HOWE, Commercial Printer, 638 Clay st. : tele-
phone 5959.
* DVICE FREE; DIVOItCK LAW'S A SPI^.
J\- cialty; private: no charce unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills. deeds, etc. at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty at Jaw, 850 Market st
JAILOR-MADE SUITS. 510; CLOAKS. CAPES
X ana gaits to order. 916 Market ru. room 25.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHO >L; A FULL
. course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions, ti Golden Gate aye.
AIR DRESSED ANY STYLE, 25c; SHAM-
poo. 25c: manicure. 250: lessons. MRS.
BUTLER, 131 Post St., room 20.
mHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT,
i. -40, 46 -ixth st; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 2.V. ; nats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
IUKKAL ADVA.MtSU.\ DIAMONDS, J>.W-
J elry. etc: lowest rates. 94S Market si.
C PECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER <fc CO., MERCHANT
OTailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, tm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 np: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
card* sent free; country trade solicited.
T!:INIC> MOVED. 25 CENTS. COM MEUCI AL
J- Transfer Company, 43 sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for ns.
rrHE NUMBER OF THAT BIG H.VIRDRESS-
-l Ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 25 cents is 111, and
the name It G. LSD! r.KK. Don't make a mistake.
I) E W A K I>— THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
Xt sociatlon offer a reward of $20 for informal a
leasing to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material f;uiu any of the places
where work is being done.
1 I tAA CARDS, 50: SHOW CARDS, 15c;
X ' 'UU teL Black 141. HILL. 22 Crcary m.. r. 39.
\SK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
J\. Hair Wash : cores scalp diseases: take no other.
AZOK EXCHANGE. «30 MARKET hi.;
tine e<ice put on razor for 25 cent*.
\ TTHE VERY LOWE EASY TKRMS YOU
- "V can bay furniture, carpets blankets, etc. : a: so
dress goods, cloaks jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S. 213-215 Mason ; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS" IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House. 44 Third st . near Market:
200 rooms, Me to *1 50 per Btght : $1 50 to 56 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
S~ MTROZYNsKI. LEADING LADIES' H A IR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
PA 1 : 1 1 ■>■i ■ ■ N - BCHOOL OK MAGAZINK
. and Newspaper lllu.i:ra*.lon: day and even
classes: instructors, J. 11. E. Partln?ton. Gertrud?
I'srtliiK'on.R.L Particulars 424 Pine as
R. DUCKETT, 1703 PO>T ST., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge wort
lITY OF PARIS LAUNDKY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, Altered from Larkln su to 119 Stock-
ton: first-class laundry. MRS. JaUssaUD.
I^IG OUTDOOR STKUEOPriCON SHOW EVE-
— ' ry night cor. Market and Sixth itts. : artistic ad-
vertUements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult oWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LT> GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bouKhu COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
pLOAKS, CAI-hIS ANI» >Lll3 RETAILED AT
\J mtrs' cost. I-actorr. •JO Ransoms su. upstatn.
4 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — Till*
JO. WEEKLY CALL, in wraDDer. for mailing.
UKESS3IAREKS.
RESSES UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 ua 5053>i Natoma «.. above sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
- - l - l^ J ., r , riJ . l _ r _^_ ru -,__,^^ -_ . . .-,_, --,_,._._ J _ r \
Ji\- 50ctsand — SOrts and *I— so «» and $1.
'•KNOWLEDGE I- POWjsR."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VF.P.E,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readinr* astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation. Investment*, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers"
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
1 hey locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influences in half tbe
lime required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professor* In San Francisco.
Remember also that me professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: tliey are here 10
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to Bp. i*. Sundays 2 to 6r. m.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE & VAN DE VERE,
17J!S Market st.
A N EXTRAORDINaRY~DUO OF SPIRIT
_- UALISTIC EXCELLENCE!
THE CONSUMMATION OF EVERY HIDDEN
TRUTH!
PROFESSOR AND MME. HALE, PAP.LORS,
315 ELLI.-S REST.
Without trumDets to herald their approach,
these eminent occult scientists are prepared to
unravel the hidden mysteries of life- Your Dast.
present and future Is to them an open book, and
your confidence will be treated with sanctity: let
none mislead you. PROFESSOR AND MME.
HALE are pre-eminent.
A —TRUTH WEARS NO MASK.
-*-• KNOW THY FATE.
Your destiny foretold. PROFESSOR M. L,
CAKNELLE. the world-renowned clairvoyant and
business medium, gives correct advice on all mat-
ter* of interest in business, law. mining, specula-
tion, love, matrimony, divorce, social or domestic
affairs: unites he separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels and causes speedy and happy marriages with
the one of your choice: caueej cood luck in all
things by proper advice: locates mines and buried
treasures; positively no Impositions; reveals every-
triing you wish to know concerning the future: let-
ters with stamps answered: business strictly con-
fidential; hours 9 to 9 daily and SuDday; parlors
220 Eddy st.
MMX. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names given; 25c op. 5 Fourth.
RS. ALLEN, TE?-T<fc BUSINESS MEDIUM,
mental A magnetic healer, 620 Market, r 20.
pROE, C LEON, 1007 MARKET Nit. 6TH;
X wonderful power: gives advice on business,
speculation. love, marriage, divorce, etc. : tells of
your friends' and enemies' business: confidential
letters with sump answered; 9 to tt: also Sunday.
MM H. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant. Card- reader, born with a douDie veil and
second sight; ladles .'.Oc. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sitting $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME. SYBILLE TI.LLB FROM CRADLE TO
th- grave: fee *5 cents. 914 O'Farreil st,
C"1 VI'SY LlhE-READEK; LADIES, 25c:
r gents, 60c : readings dally except San. 5 7ih.
M~~M LEGETTE: PRESENT. PAST AND FU-
•I'l lure, 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, fntnre; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
\ J Mb.. AKNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
-»1 the world: 50c and $1. shows you the picture ot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ME. STEWART: GREATEST CARD READ-
erand clairvoyant in world; seventh daughter:
read cards nine* 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 50c. 917 Market. 3 and 4.
PETUKNED, WOKLD-RENOW.NED MMX.
ii SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present end future: prices moderate. fcs6 Mission.
-ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL-
er by egg* and cards: tells entire life, pan.
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing ezcepted. names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
■"ss.He: fee .11: letter »2. 9-9 Po^titt.. nr. Larkln.
SPIRITUALISM.
A D«JIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER; NO FEE
J\ except as a gift. 1055 Market st. Ladies only.
ALIFOKNIA SPIRITUAL CONVENTION,
Golden Gate Hall, May 24 and 25. All welcome.
A RLE. INDEPENDENT SLATE- WRITER, "
3!tO Ellis s:., has returned from Los Angeles.
JOHN .SLATER, SITTINGS DAILY*, 10TO 2.
805 ; 2 Market St.
RS. KATE HO!!«KINS,TKANCK MEDIUM:
slltlncs 91: circles Tuesday night 25c. 136
Oak st.
Its! J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT
trance modern • »!ttlnc< $1. 21 » Stockton v..
STOKAGE.
PUKnVtURE". PIANOS, tTu ! N K«T~~A D-
J? vances, shipping. C'HAK L. TA YL0K.204 Post.
ARGE AIRY STORAGE-ROOM; FlRE-
proof building; cheap. 320 Sutter »U
rjn H. ROONEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
1 .redtced rates: basement storage, Bl 50 per load
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY'; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
T OWEST RATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc J. M. Pierce, 735 Market.
~T B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. 132 ELLIS;
jtV. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
PPLY FOR BATES OR STORING FURNl-
ture. etc SHIREK A SIIIRKK. 747 MarkeU
PHYSICIANS.
f^TEM^^DIDRrcTcrO'DONNELL TO 1203
It Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1051 Market st. : his SO years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
MONEY WANTED.
\\rANTED-J3OOTtoUSEiNMANUFACrUB^
' *» Ing patented mining machinery of well-es-
tablished merit; pood security; good reference;
good Interest. Christian, box 78, this office.
■----■•-■.■-••»-■■ - '-■ • . '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
QfiOOfl FOR SALE <>N ACCOUNT Of
<3OUUu. departure of owner— Fine residence
12 rooms; all modern imi^ovements: in th» most
beautiful part of Berkeley: near the university;
with 1 acre of improved grounds: superb view.
Inquire 410 Kearny st., room 10.
MINE DISCOVERER WISHES A FIRM
partner to open a group of mines; $1500
will prepare the mines for sale: $60,000 will buy
half ltiteresu Address C. L. s.. 530 Montgomery st.
HARRISON ST., NEAR 23i>: RENTS FOR
$20: good house, 8 rooms, basement: con-
venient for 1 or 2 families: 'driveway outside; -ta-
ble in rear; lot 26x110: £2500. 2627 Harrison 8U
TDOR A HOME OR INVESTMENT.
The finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money: just being finished: marble steps and all
the latest Improvements; put np by days' labor:
north side of Fell St., near Scott. Call on premises
or office of owner and builder, DAN EINSTEIN,
630 Market sU
W. OO R.~FOI>OM AND 21ST sfsT7~9sx9o
Oft.: will subdivide: cheap for cash: also SW.
20; and Treat ay. : 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
•ilTOn .DOCGLASsS AND S18T; LOT 25x
O 4 \J\t, 130, and improvements; also 2 lots one
block from this, $375 each. Call WATSON. 865
Mission.
\|OI)ER.\ 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
-'•» bath, basement and attic, built for $2500:
nat sand cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
SALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES:
X lot 27:8x85; 7 rooms: bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller St., near Stair,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
*<1 4^o R CHANCE FOR A HOME:
,***.' "7;? in « new Vf-story cottage 7 rooms: corner
lot, bOxoO. Holly Park . small payments, same as
rent. CaDEN assq a CO., 512 Montgomery s:.
"L OR SALE -ELEGANT 12- ROOM 'HOUSE,
Jl jnst compietei. opp. Park; modern. 1917 Oak.
*2; iT^fTT°T OF 4 KOOMS IN EAbT
C A • O\.'. Berkeley; near station: south front-
age: street graded, sewered and macadamized-
Bower garden : terms easy.
$40()-Lot 40x120; $10 down: $7 50 monthly.
$175— Lot 25x135: $5 down; $3 monthly
CHAS. a. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery st.
T A SACRIFICE— MODERN RESIDENCE
A ami 36-foot lot, cost $14,500; small cash pay-
ment- rest monthly. Apply 2710 I)cv:nadero.
COUNTRY BJEAIi ESTATE.
pOUNTRV LANDS— CHEAP; EASY* TERMS; !
v^' fruit and chicken ranches, lmproved and nnim-
prove,:, for sale and exchange; town lots: business
chances; send for list.
SHAM) <£ RIBLET, Novato, Marin County.
S. F. office— Room 3. second floor. Mills building.
£~ LEG ANTL V FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
and ranch at i-o» Gatos for sale; furnishings
insured for $5000: pr^pertv of H. H. DAVIS.
CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
ytiK BE NT- ACRES Or' LAND 3 MILES
-C N. of Petaiuma: well improved. Address C
box 331. Petaluma. Cal.
' ANTE^J— TO LEASE. .SMALL RaNCII
suitable for chicken raisin- in the vicinity of
Oakland or an Jose. Address, stating rent and
full particulars, A. M., box 135, Call Office.
\\THY PAY PROFITS OUT FOR RENT
» » when yon can ret a good business and a home
on these terms: $500 cash, balance *10 a month,
interest 7 percent? Perfect title to 7 acres fruit,
vegetable and strawberry land: 150 fruit trees,
well, force-pump, tank" and horsepower: cow,
horse, wagon, 1 70 laying heus, 26 pigs and garbage
route for f»ed; 4-room house, furnished: price
$2200. A idress Manager, box 172. Gilroy, Santa
Clara County, Cal.
&1 O C\C\C\ *6° ACRES, VERY' CHOICE
OIV.UUU. improved land, Including a fane
crop: I* miles river frontage; 100 acres bottom,
extra fertile and worth the money alone: 3 miles
from flourishing railway town: climate excellent;
near iamous springs and great health resort. Paso
Robles: this is a rare bargain, but must be sold in
whole or part; terms to suit purchaser; would ac-
cept $5000 residence in this city. See or address
owner, 20 O't'arrell st.. rooms 2 and 4. 9 to 12 a.m.
Q^OOO 3 "- >0 ACRES. CONTROLLING UN-
t?O*J\J\J. limited ranze; fine water and climate;
aoundar.t feed and acorns; adapted to grain, trait
and slock, especially hogs; 5 miles from flourish-
ing railway town; good road: here is tb<- chance of
a lifetime to get a large, profitable stock ranch,
beautifully located, for half value and easy terms:
will exchange for city or Oakland property. See
or address owner, 20 O'Farrell st., rooms 2 and 4,
9 to 12 a. v.
Jf| ACRES FINE LAND; HOUSE, BARN,
"v orchard, vineyard, wood, water, health;
cheap. M. GRIFr IN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
iFOR SALE— NICE PLACE FOR CHICKEN |
r ranch, 14 acres: 180 fruit trees: honse 9 rooms
and bath: price $2500: terms to suit. Address P.
O. box 75, Sonoma City. Cal.
A LAMKDA COUNTY* FRUIT LAND. $35 PER
A acre: 37 smiles from San Frai.cisro: farmers
especially invited to investigate. Alameda Land
Co.. 57 Chronicle building.
pONTRA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
V,- send for Hsu D. J. WEST, Martinez. CaL
A" IN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES "MILES
from San Francisco.
Kancho de Novato.
Tracts cut an» sl*» desired: fruit, rraln and
vegetable land: no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
KNDFORMUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
tor sale. WOOSTEK & WHITTON. Saa J«a.
ITTLK HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: liT
J proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acra
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Unproved,
with small house, etc. D. H. Twl.Mi, Sonot_
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ag free. . ----■:■■
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT INTER-
e*.'. per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2, Call. j
A f ONEY LOANED ON JEW&LRV AND
ii other valuables at the Security Loan Office.
::ÜbMarketst..ar. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
OKTGAGEH. LOANS ON COLLATERA 9-
low rates~Sylvaia Saloman & Co.,3'JS Montgy
J klK'iC'T ON YOUK FURNITURE OK PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. t>B. Donohne bldg, 1170 Market st.
£• 1 [\f\ Tb~ssobo TO LOAN ON GOOD SECT" K-
'irlVV/lty by private party. A. L. D., box 79,
Call.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life insurance policies, MM Pine st.
T OANS ON FUKNITUKE, PIANOS AND
Xj diamonds: contidentlaL Room 107, 6 Eddy st
1 ST & 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN KS-
-L '_tes:lowest rat— deIay.MURPHY',62B Mrku
\ DVaNCESONDIA.MONDS.JKWEI.KY. ETC
JA Columbia Loan & 1 lateral Office. 9 Gra:<t ay«
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
-L to $5000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
NY' AMOUNT: IST, or 3D MORTGAGES:
estates, endivided interests, real estate in pro.
bate Md'OLOAX. 24 Mon:ti:m>fr. itnunt '.'■'<.
PAWNBROKERS.
T 125 KKARNY BT^ KOOM ©—MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, «c: low rate*: p-1*
vate roomy. elevator: pledges for sal » cheap.
proposals.
pring" valley water worijs7~sl6
~ California street, San Francisco.— -ealed bids
will be received at the Secretary's office of the
Spring Valley Water Works, 516 California street,
up to 12 m. on the first day of June next, for any
part of five thousand (5000) shares of the stock of
the company, in lots of not less than ten (10)
shares.
All stock allotted on said bids will be ready for
delivery on the 11th day of June following, and
must be taken and paid for on or before the 15th
of said month.
Ail bids must be accompanied by a depos't of
five ($5) dollars per share, in gold coin or cer.ified
check.
No bids will be entertained at less than ninety-
nine (?99) dollars per sharp-
By order of the Board of Trustees.
PKLUAM W. AMES, Secretary.
San Francisco. May 21, 1896.
1) ROPOS A LSi-VT ATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
. Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
the clerk at Slate Prison, San Quentin. until lo
a. M., Saturday, the 13th day of June. 1896, and
at the office of the clerk at State Prison, Folsoro,
ami! 9:30 a. v . Saturday, the 20th day of June,
1896. a: which times and places they will be
opened in presence of • bidders, tor furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, consisting
of subsis ence stores, forage, fuel, clothing, medi-
cines, lime, cement and other staple supplies,
from July 1. Ib9t>. to June 30. 1897, inclusive, on
conditions as per printed schedule, which wi 1 be
furnished upon application at either of the above
" offices.
No bid will be considered unless made upon said
schedules, nor unless accompanied by the certified
check therein required, nor from any other
parties than bona-flde dealers In the classes
of articles to be furnished. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible
uanking-!i..use for at least 10 per cent of the
amount, payable to R. M. FITZGERALD, presi-
de nt of said board, cf bis bid, conditioned that the
bidder wilt enter into a contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance as quired by law. .
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rate y. All payment* made on contracts will be
paid in cash or Controller's warrants. .
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions of
the schedules. - .
The board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and to or-
der any quantity over or under th- amoua speci-
fied. R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. V. Ei.Lia. Clerk. ' - - - .
PROPOSALS FOR HARDWARE, PLUMBERS'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, olls.fumlture,
fuel, stationery, printing, — Sealed proposals
will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
mon schools, In open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday. May 27, 1896, at 8:30
o'clock P. m., for furnishing tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of san Francisco
during the fiscal year 1&96-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, palms, oils,
fnrnlLnre, fuel, stationery, etc., and for doing the
printing required daring the same time, In accord-
ance with specifications at the office of the Board
of Education, new City Hall.
GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary. ,
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WASTED- STOCK OF HARDWARE, GRO- !
»» CTie* or other merchandise in exchange for I
E?,?-, hOa ' <c and lot. ALDEN <t KI'.OXENBERG,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
<jjf^n7)7r~FlNE 200-ACRE RANCH IN WIS-
Kjy\j\j. consln: will trade for California
ranch. E. E. BUNCE. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
8-7 X PER LOT. REDUCED FROM $160: $100 I
• *J per lot. rednced from $200: tf lots that
must b» sold within the next 5 days: only half !
cash and half their value; a big bargain: inquire i
at once. LAYMANCK. 466 Eighth st., Oakland, j
CHJBT $4000: MORTGAGE $2000: CAN BE
/bought for $2500: corner lot 100x100: on a
main street; convenient to business; street mac- ;
adamized; sewer, stone walks, water, gas, etc.:
mode n tine 6-room cottage, with bath: positively
$ i 5OO discount if sold a. once; terms $500 cash, ;
balance mortgage; rim come first served. J. 3.
MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
\ TTEXTIO^ BL'ILDEHS — PARTIES DE- ;
-iV siring to build homes or houses to rent will find :
it to their advantage to call on us aio:ice: special
attention eiven to alterations or repairs; plans and !
specifications furnished free of charge, a. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway. .
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL- !
merits equal to rent: close to Fruitvaie sta- ;
tioh: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to I
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewer*.
pas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment j
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitvaie sta- •
tion. !
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3IEDA KEAL ESTATE.
-ZZT
p RAND AUCTION SALE
GRAND AUCTION SALE
GRAND AUCTION SALE
Cf choice IMPROVKDand UNIMPROVED RES- '
'SI™ ptRTV Md FI * K ■»«*•*>
ALAMEDA
ALAMEDA
_ _ A LAM K DA
BATpRDAT, MAY 23, 1896, a: - P. M., on the i
grounds of tLe |
TYLF.R PROPERTY
■ TYLI.i: PROPERTY
TYLKR PROPERTY
Corner Lincoln ay . ana Kver-.tt St., 1 block east I
Of the broad-gauge depot at Park st.
The entire i T i y LI Pi'.OPKRTY consisting of 14
beautiful bu;ldln lots and a fine residence con-
taining 12 100ms.
Also at the same time and place we will sell
FINE BUSINESS PROI'KRTY on P\RK ST ■
close to broad-sauce depot; lot 42x150. with i
store buildings: will pay jrood inrome: one-fourth
cash; balance, 1, 2 and 3 years at 8 per cent.
CHOICE MODERN DWELLING on Park st.
near San Jose aye., containing 6 lar=e room*, hath
and conservatory, handsomely frescoed, etc.- lot !
47x147:10: one-half cash. . . ' ;
FOUR FINE BUILDING lota, corner of Rail- i
road aye. and Parti st. : terms, one-quarter cash
balance 1, 2 aud 3 years at 8 per cent.
TWO DESIRABLE BUILDING LOTS on Bland- ■
ing aye.. near Park st.: 50x150 each: by order of
theEncinal Building and Loan Association: one- ■
quarter cash, balance in 1. 2 and 3 years at 8 per 1
cent. "
THREE MODERN COTTAGE HOMES on '
Eagle aye., between Union and Schiller sts.- 5
rooms and bath each; lota 33:4x100; by order of
the Enclnal Building and Loan Association: one-
quarter ciish, balance in 1. 2 an! 3 years at 8 per
cent.
A VALUABLE BUSINESS LOT, situate on
Park st., corner of Enclnal aye.: a splendid op-
portunity lor a profitable investment; must be
sold.
Secure catalogue and don't neglect to see the i
beautiful
TYLER PROPERTY.
TYLER' PROPERTY.
TYLKR PROPERTY.
AT PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
SATURDAY. MAY 23, AT 2 P. M..
On grounds, corner of Lincoln aye. and Everett st.,
one block east of the Park-st. broad-gnage depot,
Alameda.
FOURTEEN ELEGANT BUILDING LOTS.
26x154. 30x154 and 32x193; select your lot be-
fore day of sale: only one-quarter cash, balance in j
1, 2 aud 3 years at 8 per cent.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Real Estate Auctioneer,
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
A-TON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 Market st., San Francisco.
m
OMr«* BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE i
reach of all ; rare chance 10 secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story |
j dwellings on easy terms: from £2000 up: $150
I cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
| Address A. R, DENKE. real estate, architect and
: builder, 1502 Seventh Alameda.
J \ SNAP— IF YOU WAN! TO SEE A PRETTY !
j -'V. house look at the one just finished on Central
i aye., between Oak and Walnut sts., Alameda: I '
! am sure if you wished to buy it will suit you, as it •■
. Is for sale: 7 large rooms very finely frescoed and j
finished: open most every afternoon. GEO. B. ;
M. GRAY, 453 Ninth St.. Oakland.
0 1 ~!TT\ MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS i
•IT I • *J\J. and bath; *100 cash, 120 per month.
No. 736. .
93600-OfE. cor.: new. Brooms snd bath: open I
plumbing, etc: 250 caoh. S3O a month. No. 734 \
$3100— (100 cash. $25 a month: fine 6- room cot-
taee: lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
?5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: «500 cash, £40 per month. No. 67L
«2800— Snap: $150 cash, f25 per month: new I
modern cottage: 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
93500 New modern 2-story: 7 rooms and bath'
(250 cash, «30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
.CHEAPEST AND EEST IN AMERICA-THS
V W EEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for *1 50. post-
MH free. *
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PT-N TA TRACTrfHFTG^M'oF^TfHT:
-tt. bay n-cion. 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley. 8- from Ontclaud; 47 minutes
from san Francisco; lots 50x200 leet, from $80 to
! S-UO; small deposit; easy installments; Bend for
; beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAIGHT. 220 San»ome«;t..Sa;i Francisco. Cal.
alameda houses to let.
o Trent— new booms; all
modern improvements; lawn: flowers: rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth at., bet. Mastick and
Enclnal station. Alameda. ■
BERKELEY. REAL ESTATE.
lYwSn SEND for PHOTOGRAPH OF
yiluUU. new modern cottage, 4 rooms and
! bath.; 1 block from Ashby station; 40-foot lot;
easy lerm«. M. L. WUR.TS, opposite Dwlght way
1 station. Berkeley. ■..--.
/ > OOD HOMES FOR RENT OK FOR SALE
vJT on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
OR RENT^^HoYcEST^LOCATioN IN"
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
finished; to first-class tenant long term. See CAP-
TAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
L""OR KENT— FURNISHED HOUSE; 5 ROOMS
X and batn: piano; $30. "-Oil Virginia ot., near
Shattuck aye.. Berryman station.
j rOR KENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
I * 12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley: beautiful
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit aDd shrub-
bery: carriage-bouse, barn, etc. M. L. WUKTS,
Dwight-way station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE^
Of) houses <t lotsTTrom sTaMrTo^io^ooo
— WSO ranches, all sizes, from $100 to. 30.U00
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodclng-houses and hotels, from $200 to 3,000
2 lots. Ocean View. 50x125 600
4 stores; 28 rooms: rent $lr'o 25.000
H. C. DECKE.:, 1020 Market St.. opposite Fifth
L-XCHANGE— COTTAGE AND LOT.TWENTY~
■—'seconds:., near San Pablo aye.. and business
corner lot on Seventn St.. Oakland, for improved
fruit!farm near Haywards. Address Store, 1548
Park st., Alameda.
pEMEST, CONCRETE OR PLASTERING
\J work in exchange for good building lot. Ad-
dress C. C, box 89, Call.
IOQM ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J _Ol» ■■y»;.t: tine for cat; :*-r*ls'ng. N..bx.l6.Catl
LATEST SHIPPING INTKLLitiENCK.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
- ANTWERP— Arrived May 21— 8tmr Pennsyl-
vania, from Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed May 21-Stmr Penn-
land. for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 20— Stmr Belgen-
land, from Philadelphia.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday :
John L. Rotter and Beatrice Ellis, 24—17.
Robert R. Scheel and Kosa Amsied. 49—35.
' John F. McCann ana Kate Concannon, 35—24.
E. E. Anderson and Winifred B. Huntley, 32—29.
Edward Isaacs and Jennie Sctienc!:, 28—21.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS.
Comnlalnts filed:
Lydia E. Emerson azalngt Lnther Emenon.
Mary Block against Andreas H. Block.
Marie A. Meyer against Charles F. Meyer.
Annie E. Conn against Lesser H. Conn.
Samuel C. Newbern agilnst Phoebe A. Newbern.
Divorce crante<J: . - » '--^;
Addle E. Gee r from Levi R. Geer, for extreme
cruelty; by Judge Dougherty, sitting for Jndg«
Dalngerfield. ■ ■ .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by man
will not be inserted. They must be handed In a:
either of the publication o'Sces and be indorsel
' with the name and residence of persons autuuruei
to have the same published,
RORN.
HEW.STON— May 18, 1896, to the wife of Georg*
Hewstoa. a daughter.
MARRIED.
PETERS-BRUNS— In this city, May 16, 1896.
by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Karl Peters and
! Meta Brans, both of San Francisco.
ROSSI-DRINKHOUSE— In this city. May 20,
I 1596. by the Rev. tloratlo Stebbins, Pietro Ross!
Mil Hiidah Drinkbonse.
DIEI>.
! Anderson. Isaac McCarrick, John J.
I Alvarez, Joseph Mailey. Mamie
Bradley. John Meyer. Albert
Cass. Kmiline L. Mien enf elder. i>orote»
I Crawley, Jane MonlthrOD. J. L.
Deering. William Murray, Mary
Forgi-. John ■ ■ Princely. William
Furbush. Moses Powell. Elizabeth
Geller:. Jettel ' Rosencrantx. Nancy
Johnson, Harold Schneider, Matthew
Keating. r'rilget Smith. CapU A. W. —
Kelly. Lizzie stec»elbere. George F.
Lowell. William H. Tnpiss, John 11.
McDevitt, Ann Yos:, Julia i".
ALVAREZ— In this city. May 21. 18H6. Joseph,
beloved husband of Juanlta Alvarez (nee Rod-
j risoez). " father of Jnanita Alvarez, and brother
of the late Ralph Alvarez, a native of Mexico,
aze«l 2^ years 5 months and 24 days.
<S"Frlenns and acquaintances are resoeo
fnily Invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
Ma.- 24. at 2 o'clock r it., from his lac resi-
dence. 1403 Kcarnv street, corner Union. In-
terment Italian Cemetery. . '.*.• "
ANDERSON— In this city. May 20. 1898, Isaac
Anderson, a native of Ohio, aged 72 years and 7
months.
BRADLEY— In this city, May 19. 1596. John
Bradley, a native of Ireland, aged 52 years.
| CASS— In Stockton, May 20, 1896. Emiline L.. be-
loved wife of Fred H. Cass. and daughter of C. C.
and Elizabeth F. Swain, a native oi California,
aged 33 years and 1 4 days.
a?#-Interment at Martinez, May 22, at 3
o'clock p. m. ; .
j CHAW LEY— In this city. May 20, 1896. Jane
i Crawley, beloved mother of George W.. James
and John E. Crawley, a native of Picton. Nova
Scotia, aged 69 years 10 months and 11 days.
43""Frendjj and acquaintances are reso -•<■■.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her son, G. W. Crawley, 923 1 Shoiwell
street. Interment I. O. O. F.'Cemttery.
DKERING— In the city ana Count* Hospital, May
: 19, 1896, William Deering. aged 68 years.
; FORGIE— In Oakland, May 20, 1896, John Forgie,
, a native of Scotland, aged 51 yean 7 mouths aud
\ 24 days.
< FURBUSH-In tnls city. May 20. 1893. Moses
Furbush, father of E. M. Furbusb, a native of
Maine, aged *33 year* and 4 days.
tST Friends are respectfully invited to atteni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
! 2:30 o'clock p. x.. at his late residence, Bl3 Lom-
bard street. Intermen: Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GELLERT— In Los Angeles May 21. 1896, Jettel,
beloved wife of Louis Gellert, mother of Jake,
Henry and Ike Gellert and Mrs. William Gum-
! pert, a native of Germany, aged 70 years.
05~Noticeof funeral hereafter.
! JOHNSON-In this city. May 21. 1H96, Harold,
beloved son of Annie and the late Olaf Johnson.
, and brother of Lillie Johnson, a native of San
1 Francisco, aged 9 months and 12 days.
Friends an<l acquaintances are resoect-
; fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
i of his mother, 1617 Polk street. interment
j pnvate.
, KEATING— In this city. May 21. Bridget, beloved
wife of the late Dennis Keating, mother of C. J.
Keatin?, Mrs. Charles O'Connor and Mrs. M. C.
i Chris' in. a native of County Clare. Ireland, aged
71 years 6 months and 11 days.
: KELLY*— In this city. May 21. 1896. Lizzie Kelly.
j a native of Ireland, aged 78 years.
i LOWELL-In this city. May 19, 1896, William
IL, beloved husband of Kmma J. Lowell and
I father of Edgar L. Lowell, a native of Maine,
! aged 86 years.
tSf Friends and acquaintances are r<MD v. -
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock P. M.. from tno Olivet
CotiErtgatiorial C nurrn, Seventeenth and No»
streets. Interment Masonic Oinetery.
McCARRICK-In this city, May 20, 1893, John J.,
I Deloved son of the late John and Mary McCar-
Tick, a native of New Y'orfc. aged 36 yeara.
aa-Frienas ana acquaintance! ar? respect-
fully invited to a-.tend.the funeral THiS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew A English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
near Market stree:, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, Fell street, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount vary
Cemetery.
] McDEVITT— In this city, May 21, 1896, Ann,
widow of the late James McDevitu and mother
i of Annie and John McDevitt and Mrs. J. Bres-
lln, Mrs. P. McColgan, a native of County Dona-
gal, Ireland.
MIOHENFELDER— In this city. May 20. 1896,
Dorotea. beloved wife of Henry Michenfelder,
! and sister-ID-lawof Mrs. William Dunz, a native
i of New Jersey, aced 35 years.
O^Friends and acquaintances are re<«nec>
fully InviTeato attend the funeral TO-MORRoW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. M., from her late
; residence, San Bruno avenue, south San Fran-
i Cisco, San Ma-.t-o County. Interment Cypress
i Lawn Cemetery.
MALLEY— this city. May 21. 1898. Mamie, be-
loved wife of Edward MaUey, aaazhter of Mrs. J.
Kelly, and sister of Mrs. I. J. Hanson, a native of
I &mi r»m-i»co, aeed 2* years.
JJ-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
j (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. si., from her l»'.a
residence. 1357 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
I will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
! mencing at 9 o'clock a. _ interment Holy Cross
I Cemetery.
i MEYER— In Friednchsdorf. Hanover, May 6,
1893. Albert Meyer, father or Albert, Adolph
| and Martin Meyer Of san Francisco, aged Hi
j years.
MOULTHROP-In this city. Mar 20, 1896, J. L.
Moulthrop. a native of Otsego Coonty. New
York, aged 7** years 2 months and 20 days.
Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. x.. at his late resi-
dence, 914 Dolores street. Interment private.
MURRAY*— In Oakland. May 19, 1H96, Mary
Murray, a native of County Boscommon, Ire-
■ land, aged 75 years.
£I"ir'>n<!s and acquaintances are re*ne<st-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
i (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it., from the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, corner
Seventh and Jefferson streets, Ka<l<ind. where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul. Interment St. Mary's
' Cemetery.
POWELL— In this city. May 20. 1896, Elisabeth
Powell, a native of England, aged 70 years.
; PRINCELY'— In this city. May 20, 1896, William
Princely, a native of Massachusetts, aced 69
years.
ROSENCRANTZ— In this city, May 21, 1898,
Nancy, beloved daughter of Julia and Isidor
Kosencrants. and nister of Myra. Joseph. Milton.
Bessie and Lawrence Rosencrantz. a native of
Sydn ey, N. S. W. aged 10 years 4 months and 13
days.
_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2413 Washington street.
Interment Mew Salem Cemetery, by train leav-
ing Third and Townsend streets at 11:45
o'clock a. m.
SCHNEIDER— In Alameda, at his residence, 2025
Clinton avenue. Matthew, beloved bnsband of
Margaret Schneider, and father of Jacob M..
August A. and Lena Schneider, a native of Ger-
many, aged 51 years 1 rroath and 15 days.
SMITH— In this city. May 21, 1 89 fl. Captain' A.
W. Smith, a native of Stockholm, Sweden, aged
53 years.
STECKELbERO— In this city, May 21. 1898,
George F.. beloved husband of Aotrusta steckei-
ber*. and fa- her of K:sa, Dora and Freda Steckel-
berg, a native of Hanover, Germany, ated 42
years. A member of Independent Rifles and
Hermann Stamm No 224, U. a R. M.
B3~Friends and acquaintances ar# resD»ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 'I o'clock p. *.. from Saratoga
Hall, 814 Gearv street, between Hyd* and Lap-
kin. Remains at .the parlors of H. F. Suhr <*
Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
THEIS~— this city, May 21. 1836. John Henry,
beloved husband or Anna M. Thetss. a native of
Hesuen, Germany, aged 82 years 5 months and
2 days.
Friend's ana acquaintances are r«»SD«ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
I May 24. at 2 o'clock p. it. from Red Men's
Hail. 510 Bush street, where services will ba
held under the ausnlc»a of Germania Stamm No.
83, D. O. R. M. Remains at the parlors of Theo-
dor Dierks, 957 Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery,
YOST— In this city. May 19, 1896, Julia P., be-
loved daughter of MarzaretC'. and the late Henry
D. Yost, and sister of James H. and William D.
Yost, a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
2 months and 22 days.
£9~Friend* ana acquaintances ar» r*st>«ct-
. fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:>0 o'clock a. «-, from her late
residence. 1 1 26 Florida street.thence to St. Peter's
Church. where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. _ Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.  , ' ■ ,
" 1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS' I ™
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
'■ at Reasonable Rates. - -- ..
Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
I McAVOY _ CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIEECTOBS k EMBALMEES,
SO Fifth St. , Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080. ; : /!? /.
1516
THE CREW AND
CAPTAIN DISAGREE.
Varying Stories About the
Waif on the Drifting
Boat.
WHAT THE MEN THINK.
They Say a Rescue Would Have
Been Easy Under the
Circumstances.
HEARD LOUD CRIES FOR HELP.
Statements Made by the Mate and
Some of the Sailors From the
John A.
If it should be the misfortune of Cap
tain Hellquist of the schooner John A to
fall overboard, he has the doubtful conso
lation of knowing that not one of his
present crew would reach over the vessel's
side to rescue him.
This feeling between crew and master
was brought about by the action of Cap
tain Hellquist toward an unfortunate man.
seen by every member of the crew on tha
arrival of the John A inside of the Heads
last Monday morning.
The statement of the captain in regard
to the matter was as follows:
We were coming into port with a very stiff
breeze and a strung ebbtide, and just as we
got opposite Lime Point I noticed a boat,
either swamped or overturned, and I could
also see a man who appeared to be sitting
astride the boat. I immediately ordered the
mate to run u\< a signal, and afu-r this was
done we started to get our skiff ready to send
out. but just as two men were about ready to
start in it I said: "Hold on, men, there is no
use of you getting drowned; If that Whitehall
enn't weather this wind surely our little skiff
cannot." We were having: a herd time to get
in anyway, and we were then in the most dan
gerous part of San Francisco Hay.
We *oon saw the Government tugboat which
runs to Lime Point and all commenced to hol
ler at her. The captain heard -.is and l pointed
In the direction of the boat. He started in the
direction in which I pointed, but only held
this course for about five minutes and then re
turned to his regular course. I notified the
Merchants' Exchange and also one of Hpreek
e'..-' tups, but whether they went out or not I
do not know. The steam schooner American
Girl was coming just behind us, but she made
no effort at rescuing the unfortunate man.
This account of the affair is character
ized by the crew as being false in every
particular, and in addition the captain is
condemned by the men for his treatment
of the man.
The story of the crew differs in every
particular from that of the captain, and
can be best told by repeating what is said
by the first mate. E. F. Erickson, and
Fred .Jessan, Axal Hogland, T. Olsen and
1. Jacobson, all members of the crew.
Their version of what occurred is as fol
lows:
We had got well inside the Heads and were
steering northeast by east, when between the
red buoy and Fort Point the second mate, Jonn
Syderwol, heard a voice calling for help. On
looking over the port bow he saw a man on a
boat's keel, with one hand raised over h:s
body and the other apparently holding on ti
the boat. The mute sang out "Man overboard!"
His exclamation drew the attention of the first
mate, Mr. Erickson. and Seaman Hogland, who
were at the wheel at the time, and tney in turn
looked in the same direction as did the second
mate, and plainly heard the appeal for help
coining from the man on the drifting and up
turned boat. They think he could not have
been more than 150 yards away from the
John A.
By this time the entire crew's attention had
become attracted to the perils of the poor fel
low at the mercy of a fast-running ebbtide
and a stiff gale blowing in through the Golden
Gate.
Mate Erick«on at once ordered the skiff to be
got ready for launching. This command was
instantly obeyed by Jessan and others of the
crew who ran to his assistance. In the mean
time Mate Erickson notified Captain
Hellquist. who was below at the
time. When tne captain came on
deck and was informed of what the matter was,
he stopped the men from lowering the skiff
and ordered the mate to hoist the flag at half
mast, which mm done, and which attracted
the attention of a small steamer, which came
in the direction of the John A. She seemingly
d.d not understand what the matter was, and
after taking a circle about the schooner
steamed away.
, Every one of us wonld have been willing to
jump into ihe skiff ami go to the man's rescue
if the captain had not prevented us, and we
Bre sure we couM have saved him. It was not
Mowing too hard, as we were well Inside the
Heads, and tnere was the steamer within hail
i:.g distance to come to our rescue. But the
captain wouldn't have it, as he eaid he would
be likely to be driven out to sea and lose a
couple of hours' time making it up.
One thing is sure, that every one of us is go
ing to quit the schooner now. Not one of us
will ever sail with Captain Hell'iuist again.
He has convinced us that he seta but poor
value on the life of an unfortunate man who
may be cast out to the mercy of the sea.
we are certainly at a loss to know how the
captain Could make the statement that he fhw
do lift- in the man on the upturned boat, when
every one of us saw him wave his arm and we
all plainly heard his cries for assistance.
Help could and would have been rendered
him by us in ten minutes if the skipper had
not prevented us when the mate ordered the
skiff lowered.
This statement of the crew differs some
what from that made by Captain Hell
quist. Whicn is the correct one is a matter
that can only be arrived at by an oflicial
investigation, should one be had.
CALIFORNIA'S JUBILEE.
Irving; M. Scott Klected President of
the General Committee — County
Goddriiea.
The general committee of the celebra
tion of the fiftieth anniversary of Ameri
can occupation at Monterey met yester
day in this City. The event will be com
memorated July 4 to 7 in the historic old
capital of California.
Irviug M. Scott was elected president,
James D. Phelan vice-president and 8. H.
Daniels secretary.
A finance committee is to be named by
MEW TO-DAY.
The Secret of a Beaotifol
Soft, white bands, shapely nails, and luxuriant .
hair, with clean wholesome scalp. Is found in the
perfect action of the Fores, produced by CUTI-
CURA BOAP, the most effective skin purifier,
■ad beauiifier in the world. :
Bold throughout the world. Perm* Dura lxv Cbik-
■ ICa* Coftwjwuoa, Sole Proprietor*, Uo«to».
the president and vie e-president that will
before many days appear before the peo
ple of San Francisco to raise the necessary
funds to carry out a varied programme.
One of the principal attractions will be a
goddess from each county, making fifty
eight in all. In tne selection of these
competition has been entered into in some
of the counties. The Chronicle-Record of
Chico and the Marysville Daily Democrat
have each agreed to pay the expenses of
the lucky lady from tneir respective
counties.
The following are the members of the
general committee: Irving M. Scott,
James D. Pnelan, S. H. Daniels, H. H.
Taylor. H. A. Greene, H. N. Tilden, R. H.
Warfield, Henry C. Gesford, W. R. Smed
berg, J. L. Rathbono, Hnch Craig, J. B.
Stetson, Louis Gerstle, W. H. L. Barnes,
Raphael Weill, W. H. Dimond, George
D. Clarke, L. R. Ellert, E. W. Hopkins,
Alfred Bonner, J. D. Spreckels, A. An
drews, Madison Babcock. John H. Wise,
Frank McCoppin, Henry Lunstedt, Henry
J. Crocker, A. A. Watkins, W. F. Whit
tier, M. H. Hecht, William Alvord, S. J.
Loupe.
The committee's headquarters are at
No. 13, second floor, Mills building.
THE OLD FLIM-FLAM.
K. M. Samuels of New York Played
It I'iMiii a Pawnbroker.
John H. N. Clausen, pawnbroker, 519
Washington street, swore to a complaint
in Judge Campbell's court yesterday,
charging R. M. Samuels with petty lar
ceny, and the warrant was served upon
Samuels in the City Prison.
Samuels is a New York crook who has
been swindling several of the local mil
liners by means of forged drafts and who
was arrested on Wednesday night by De
tective Harper.
Clausen says that Samuels played the
flim-flam game upon him on May 19.
Samuels had pawned his watch with
Clausen and went to redeem it. He put
$15 on the counter and Clausen handed
him the watch. Before Clausen could
take the $15 from the counter Samuels
nanded him a letter and asked him to read
it. While Clausen was doing so Samuels
picked up the $15 and walked out of the
store.
NEW HOME-MADE HALOS
Attorneys in the Bitumen Con
solidated Case Indulge
in Satire.
Defendant's Brief Reads Like a Twain
Dissertation on Morals and
Manners.
The suit of A. C. Bassett vs. J. A. Fair
child, including the Bitumen Consolidated
Mining Company, has taken a satirical
turn.
A. C. Bassett and J. H. Swift drew out
of the Bitumen Consolidated Mining Com
pany some months ago and instituted
suits against the other directors, alleging
fraud, conspiracy and a general misuse of
the company's tunds.
The plaintiffs charged that Manager
Fairchild had taken the Supervisors to
Pismo Beach and treated them to a clam
bake and vine supper during their visit of
inspection to the company's bitumen
mines and that said bake, wine, whisky,
cigars, etc., cost the company something
like f 400. As a result of that clambake
Manager Fairchild claims that the com
pany sold 40,000 tons of bitumen, but that
has nothing to do with the plaintiffs' aide
of the story.
Four weeks ago plaintiffs' attorneys,
Messrs. Guimison, Booth & Bartnett, filed
a sarcastic brief with Ju>ige Seawell, in
which the clambake was commented on at
length. Now comes Frank tihay for tha
defendants and his effort in the satirical
vein makes good reading.
Among other things he sets forth:
"Counsel tor the plaintiffs in the above
entitled action have served and filed what
they term 'plaintiffs' opening proof.' In
unstinted abuse of the defendants it fol
lows the bad example they set in their
complaint. * * * They have evidently
sought to divert the attention of tne court
by calling the defendants bad names by
the use of epithets, elegant and otherwise,
and by assuming the existence of fraud,
dishonesty, conspiracy and cheating,
where there is no evidence upon which to
base such an assumption. * ♦ • Since
their inception these suits have been
known as the mud suits, because of the
methods employed by the plaintiffs. ♦ •
"A great deal is said by them about the
clambake at I'ismo Beach, at which it
seems that certain persons at that time
Supervisors of the City and Countjr of San
Francisco were guests of the
Consolidated Mining Company.
"The clambake is described as absurd and
ridiculous, whereas the testimony shows
it to have been an eminently respectable,
decorous and properly conducted affair.
Counsel fairly shrieked with Horror at the
fact that those present at the little party
were treated to wine, whisky and cigars,
and seemed to be surprised that San Fran
cisco Supervisors ever indulged in such
amusements. No fault, however, seems to
have, been found with the quality of the
viands, nor do they charge that the quan
tity consumed was excessive. • • •
"So far as may be gathered from plain
tiffs' brief, skipping the parts where they
lose themselves in a sort of hysterical
abuse of the defendants, they seem to
claim that the defendants carelessly and
recklessly permitted some of the money
of the Bitumen Consolidated Mining Com
pany to be wasted in the payment of sal
aries, in the defense of certain litigations,
in the employment of counsel and special
agents and in treating certain City officials
to clams, wine, whisky, cigars and pousse
cafes. * * *
"Defendants are charged in both actions
with having looted the treasury by allow
ing themselves compensation for their
services as directors at the rate of $10 a
loot. Swift calmly ignores the fact that
he was one of the looters. To be sure he
retained the amount of his 'stealings'
(as he terms these payments when refer
ring to the defendants) a couple of months
afterward, although he stated that his con
science began to trouble him within an
hour or two after he had pocketed his
share of the swag. After battling with his
conscience for two months the still, smali
voice conquered and he made an attempt
to return to the treasury the money he
had received for services rendered as di
rector. Like most 'reformed' persons
who repent their sins and become saints
with brand-new home-made halos, Swift
conceived a violent hatred for his late as
sociates.
"Bassett was a reformer also. He bad
donned the red shirt and ssiected his bass
drum and cymbals long before the wave
was known to have struck Swift. The two
reformers entered into a combination to
either reform the other directors (and in
cidentally gain control of the corporation)
or break up the company. • * • They
failed, and, dropping their masks for a
time, set about causing the destruction of
the company. They determined to finan
cially injure these defendants even though
they themselves and their associates, Cap
tain N. T. Smith, Timothy Hopkins and
others, should be injured in the wreck. It
was a feeble imitation of the Samson act
without the Samson provocation."
The case is herewith submitted on briefs.
Bet« Were Declared Off.
David Eiseman, an employe of bookmakers
at the Ingleside racetrack, swore to complaints
in Judge Campbell's court yesterday for the
arreit of W. F. Fitzgerald and -John Doe"
Connors on the charge of misdemeanor embez
zlement. Eiseman mi VI that on May 14 he was
handed a pool ticket by Connors and paid him
(18 for Frank Eckart, the bookmaker. lie
also paid Fitzgerald $23 for Paui Ridloy, the
bookmaker. Both sjids were paid as soon as
the race was run and before the judges had
declared the result. The horses were disquali
fied and all bets were declared off. Connors
and Fitzgerald refused to return the money,
hence the warrants.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MAY 22, 1896.
LOOKING FOR
LOST LOBSTERS
Dr. Smith Comes From
Washington City on a
Strange Quest.
CUNNING CRUSTACEANS.
Planted at Monterey, off Mendo
cino and Elsewhere, but
Can't Be Trapped.
MAY BE MYRIADS OF THEM.
Dr. Smith Will Solve the Mystery
Before He Returns— Has a Force
of Fifteen Men.
Dr. Hugh M. Smith of the United Btates>
Fish Commission is at the Grand Hotel on
his way to Monterey and other parts of
the coast to search for Eastern lobsters
Dr. Bngh AI. Smith of the United States Fish Commission, Who Has Arrived on a
Search for the Lost Lobsters.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist]
that were brought here and distributed
along the coast many years ago.
All trace of these lobsters has been lost,
and Dr. Smith as well as Captain Brice,
the new Fish Commissioner, wants to
know the reason of it. In the ordinary
course of things there should have been
myriads of these fine lobsters here. They
have been planted several times, but never
a lobster has been observed.
"It is a good deal of a mystery," said Dr.
Smith yesterday, who had just arrived
from Washington, D. C, "and we want to
find out what has become of them.
"Sometimes I think they are along the
coast in plenty, but are too sly to get
caught. The Eastern lobster is very cun
ning, and it is difficult to get him into the
trap unless the trap is made just right. I
have thought, maybe, the fishermen did
not understand these lobsters.
"This lobster is to the crustaceans what
the fox is to the animal kingdom. He is
exceedingly shrewd, and in addition to
having a trap that is just the thing, the
fisherman must manipulate it without
| making any mistakes.
"The Government has made tour or five
attempts to get these lobsters started, the
last being in 1889. We planted them in
Monterey Bay, off the coast of Mendocino
i County, and other places, as well as up on
the coast of Washington.
The California lobster has no claws, but
the Eastern lobster has a tremendous
claw and there is more meat in it than
on all the rest of his body. The average
weight of the latter lobster is about two
pounds, but there was one captured some
j time ago that is now illustrated life-sized
I in the reports that weighed twenty-three
| pounds. It was simply a giant among the
| lobsters.
"These lobsters would be a very valua
ble addition to the fish and crustacean
| supply of California. lam going down to
Monterey, and will do my best to solve
the problem as to what has become of
them.
"I may say in connection with this that
Fish Commissioner Brice intends to estab
lish five or six auxiliary fish hatcheries in
California. He will also establish others
in Oregon and at various points alone the
Columbia and elsewnere. Mr. Brice
is much interested in this subject. He
was for several years at Fort Gaston in the
service of the Fish Commission, and ob
tained a large amount of practical expe
rience.
Of course, here the great fish . is the
salmon. It is tho desire of the commis
sion to propagate these in immense
numbers. The only way the supply can
be kept up is by artificial propagation.
All the East is very much interested in the
planting of shad and striped bass here. In
the East the shad is considered the most
valuable fish there. It is well distributed,
is cheap and is easily caught."
Dr. Smith has charge of a division con
sisting of about fifteen scientists. The
work is divided up so as to suit the situa
tion. Dr. Smith has been for many years
connected with the United States Fish
Commission. He will be in California and
elsewhere on the coast for several months.
He is determined to find the lobsters if
they exist, and he thinks they do and are
lying low and evading the fishermen.
PREFERRED TO MARRY.
Antone Cunha, a Car Conductor, Es
capes Imprisonment by Wedding
Mamie A. Retilly.
Antone Cunha, a conductor on the elec
tric road in Oakland, was arrested Wednes
day night by Officer Irvine on a warrant
charging him with betrayal under promise
of marriage. When taken to the City
Prison and searched a revolver was found
in his pocket, and an additional charge
was placed apainet him of carrying a con
cealed weapon.
The complaining witness against him
was Mamie A. Reilly, a handsome, modest
looking girl living at 3230 Eighteenth
street.
Cunha had only been in the prison a
few minutes when the girl and a lady
friend appeared. She had procured a mar
riage license, and Cunha expressed his
willingness to enter into the bonds of mat
rimony. Justice of the Peace Groezinger
was sent for and in a few minutes the two
were made man and wife, the blushing
bride imprinting a kiss upon the debon
air Justice, which he seemed to ap
preciate.
Judge Low was seen by friends of the
young couple and he wrote out an order
of discharge for Cunha on both charges,
and bride and groom left together for Oak
land.
ANOTHER VINING VICTIM.
A Young Man Arrested for Battery on
Acconnt of Transfers.
A young man giving the name of George
R. Brown was arrested by Officer Morrisy
and taken to the Southern station at a
late hour last night on a charge of battery.
He resisted a conductor who attempted
to put him off a Market-street car because
he had failed to exchange his check for a
transfer at the junction of Powell street.
Tnere was quite a demonstration and the
bystanders raised their voices in encour
agement of the young man's grit and con
demnation of Manager Vining's new
transfer ruling.
DROPPED FROM SIGHT
Charles Billman Tells His Friends
That He Intends to Com
mit Suicide.
He Is Supposed to Have Tied Rocks to
His Body and Then Jumped
Into the Bay.
Charles Billman has been missing from
his place of business, 1519 Eddy street,
since Tuesday morning, and there is every
reason to believe that he has committed
suicide by jumping into the bay.
Billman was employed in the San Fran
cisco laundry as a marker, which position
he has capably filled for more than three
years, and some months ago he made a
trip to South America for the benefit of
his health, returning to the City apparently
much improved.
It seems, however, that in a few weeks
he was again taken sick and in conse
quence became very despondent. He told
several of his friends at the laundry and
elsewhere that he was tired of living, and
before many days he would bid them all a
long farewell. That was the nearest he
ever came until Tuesday of saying that he
intended to commit suicide.
Tuesday morning he appeared at the
laundry as usual, but about 9 o'clock
asked to be relieved for a time, as he was
not feeling well. Billman went immedi
ately to bis room, donned an old suit and
putting a couple of gunny sacks and a
stout rope under his arm started for the
Labor Commissioner's office. There he
met a couple of friends, passed a few
pleasant moments and then startled his
companions by announcing his intention
to take his own life. Bidding them a
hasty goodby, he started for Market street.
The friends started in hot pursuit.
Billman, observing that he was followed,
jumped a cur going in the direction of the
ferry. That was the last time Billman
was seen, so far as known.
Wednesday night George Holbeck, 612
Pine street, who was Billman's closest
friend, received the following letter, posted
at 1 p. m. Tuesday :
George: Watch, chain, $40. Charley.
In the envelope was found two Wells-
Fargo receipts calling for a package val
ued at $60 and a money package contain
ing $40.
Holbeck is confident that his friend
filled the sacks with rocks, tied them
about him and then jumped into the bay.
Bieltr.an came to Sun Francisco about
ten years ago from Australia. He was
popular with those who knew him, being
sober, industrious and intelligent, and evi
dently of good family. Some of his friends
contend that he is the son of a titled Eng
lishman and that he left home about
twelve years ago owing to some family
trouble.
A Musical Treat.
The San Francisco Symphony Orchestra with
James Hamilton Howe conductor and Bernard
Mollenhauer concert-master has projected a
scries of instrumental concerts to take place
in Golden Gate U all, commencing the second
Saturday alternoon of September and continu
ing until a series of six concerts are given. It
is intended to engage an orchestra of at least
thirty-live artists and to present the greatest
works of an the eminent composers in the
most perfect manner possible. The concerts
are intended to be of value to students to
whom the opportunity of listening to the
great works of the masters comes but seldom.
The concerts are not to begin before 3^of.k.,
to as to permit business men to attend them.
BURGLARS ENJOY
A PICNIC TIME
Lack of Respect for the
Church-Street Neigh
borhood.
A MISSION HOME LOOTED
Surprise of the Day Family
Upon Returning From
Shell Mound.
DIAMONDS AND LACES STOLEN.
Trunks Broken Open With a Stove-
Lid Lifter While the Ladies
Were on an Outing.
There are sore heads and sore hearts
after the picnic of the Butchers' Board of
Trade.
Under circumstances incidental to suc
cessful picnics, however, sore heads are
notunupual, but it is deplorable that there
should be sore hearts excepting where
Cupid makes his presence fell.
With this case Cupid had nothing to do.
Instead a bold burglar or two figured
prominently and so effectively that a
moral goes with the story: Either go to
a picnic with all your valuables aboard,
or stay away from picnics and watch said
valuables.
If Mrs. W. B. Day, Mrs. Edward Parker
and Miss Laura Boyea had gone to the
butchers' picnic Wednesday morning
without observing the rule that beauty
unadorned is adorned the most, they
would not be broken hearted to-day. In
stead of wearing light summer dresses and
big flowery straw hats, rightfully trusting
that their charms of feature would do the
rest, they should have piled on their laces,
jewelry and diamonds.
To cut the story short without any fur
ther reference to these ladies, they left all
their jewelry at home, 3841 Twenty-fifth
street, while they enjoyed an outing at
Shell Mound.
Burglar like, knowing his business, some
scoundrel chose the very day when every
body save a little dog had left the house to
ply his trade.
Fido was soon conciliated with the
kindly offer of a chunk of meat, and there
being no further objection to a thorough
inspection of the premises, Mr. Burglar
had things pretty nearly his own way.
As a matter of fact there was nothine to
prevent him from having everything his
own way excepting that the ladies had in
a thoughtless moment locked their trunks.
But this, after all, did not cut much of a
figure. The burglar, it is true, had not
brought along his improved tools, but
there was a stovelid-lifter handy and that
was all he needed.
\Yhh it he broke open four trunks, to the
great delight of Fido, who grabbed all the
garments hastily -cast aside during the
search for stuff of more immediate com
mercial value.
It was great fun for the pet dog, whose
only setback was wben Mr. Burglar, in
stead of casting away some of his findings
shoved them deep into his pockets,
Mrs. Edward I'arker, the widow of the
late postman of that name, lost a diamond
brooche with nve stones, a gold iocket and
chain belonging to her little daughter, two
new pairs of gloves and her late husband's
gold watch.
Mrs. W. B. Day lost a quantity of Valen
ciennes lace and some jewelry.
Miss Laura Boyea, who lives in Santa
Cruz and who is visiting here as school
mate and guest of Mrs. Day, will have to
write to her parents with some other than
the gold pen she received as a present last
! Christmas. In addition to this, the bur
glar toon a pretty gold necklace and some
rings she thought it would be unwise to
wear at the picnic.
W. B. Day, who is a commercial trav
eler, accompanied the ladies to the picnic,
leaving his cottage near Church street un
guarded, excepting by the dog, from 9
o'clock in the morning until 8 o'clock at
night.
Returning at that time he tried to open
the front door, but a button-hook stuck in
the keyhole from the int>i<le prevented the
work of the latchkey. There was no use
I knocking or ringing the doorbell, because
• there was no answer to be expected from
the inside, excenting the cheerful bark of
the dog.
Mr. Day procured a ladder and entered
a rear window, where Fido greeted him
with great demonstrations of joy, seem
ingly telling him in his own dog language:
"What a time; don't speak of it! The
bute: ers are not in it with the picnic the
burglar and I have had."
AVell, it looked that way. From bottom
to top the house was scattered with the
wearing apparel that the careful ladies had
packed away in trunks and that had been
as systematically examined by the burglar.
Captain Lees had his men on the prem
ises yesterday afternoon to find a clew,
but clews are very elusive nowadays, and
the best that the detectives could get is
that while the burclary was being com
mitted, about 1 o'clock in the afternoon,
a well-dressed stranger, looking like a
gambler, sat on the doorstep of the ad
joining house.
PAWNED HER RING.
Charles T. Lenihan, One of Durrant's
Witnesses, Arrested.
Charles T. Lenihan was arrested yester
day afternoon on a warrant charging him
with petty larceny. The complaining wit
ness is Miss Annie Crowley, 11 Norlolk
street. She stated that she was at a party
at a friend's house on Saturday night and
was introduced to Lenihan. He took a
fancy to her diamond ring and finally got
her to take it off her finger. He put it on
his own finger and kept it, and when the
party broke up he told Miss Crowley he
could not get it off his fineer but would
return it to her the following day. In
stead, he pawned it for $23 at 11 Taylor
street. The ring was worth $45. A search
warrant was also obtained and the ring
was recovered.
Lenihan is the young man who ac
quired some notoriety as a witness for the
defense in the Durrant trial by testifying
that he pledged rings similar to the
Blanche Lamoht rings with Pawnbroker
Oppenheim.
STONE WINS WAGES.
The Supreme Court Says Bancroft Must
Pay Him.
W. J. Stone has been given judgment by
the BupxesM Court in his suit against
H. H. Bancroft for salary as manager.
Stone was suing for sixteen months'
salary at $350 a month under a ten years'
contract commencing January 1, 1892.
The Superior Court gave him judement
and now the Supreme Court has affirmed
that result.
Bancroft claimed the money should be
paid by the partnership, of which Stone
was a member, but the court held that
Stone was not a real partner, and there
fore Bancroft would have to pay the salary
himself according to the original contract
made before the partnership was formed.
' -. . . NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ,^^^,
OF CLOAK BARGAINS I
TO BE SERVED.
CHAS. MAYER JR. & CO.'S $12,000 NEW SPRING
STOCK OF LADIES' COATS. CAPES, SUITS, ETC.,
PURCHASED ENTIRE AT OUR OWN PRICE.
MAYER & CO. WERE WELL KNOWN IN THIS
CITY AS THE CALIFORNIA CLOAK CO., HANDLERS
AND MANUFACTURERS OF STYLISH OUTER
GARMENTS.
SALE COMMENCES
MONDAY. MAY 25.
LINENS!
HUCK Regular BHc kina, 16x29 inches, fringed,
TOWELS. colored borders, woven selvage. Special /L r
sale price v/C Each
TABLE j Bleached, 58-inch, fine quality. Special OCr>
DAMASK. I sale price ......:....■ | 4DC- Yard -
TABLE j Unbleached, 60-inch, very heavy, all I A(\r>
DAMASK. | linen ; regular 50c. Special sale price ,| T"Vfw Yard
TABLE I Bleached, 72-inch, all linen, extra fine, IC | Tr
DAMASK. I satin finish : regular $2. Special sale price. | m> I »**& Yard
BLEACHED [ Regular $1 50 quality, 23x23 inches, all I<t 1 Ift
NAPKINS. I linen. Special sale price .... v |»pl.m Dozen
BLEACHED j Regular $2 50 quality, % size, German I(] AC
NAPKINS. | linen. Special sale price |«pi.VO Dozen
HUGK Regular |2 quality, 19x39 inches, hem- ' -,\
TOWELS. rned colored borders, good absorbent. £f IE
Special sale price ..1. h^ * »O*J Dozen
HUCK Regular $2 50 quality, all linen, extra
TOWELS. quality, fringed colored borders. Special (ti n — o ■fj '
sale price vl«ys' Dozen
NEW SPECIALS. ■
BED COM- BLEACHED HANDKER-
SPREADS. FORTERS. CRASH. CHIEFS.
• 72x78 Inches, hem- Full size, heavy : Regular 10c kind. Fancy colored bor-
med Marseilles pat- robe, print covering, 17-inch, twilled, good dered, hemstitched
terns, good quality. white cotton tilled. absorbent. e<lge, Gentile effect.
Special Special— %■_ y- special— Special— |
69C Each. $1.25 Each. 7^C Yard. 3 C Each. I
FANCY PARASOLS. Ladies' WRAPPERS.
VEILING. Underwear.
Regular 91 50 Car- Heavy fleeced Tne 5 1 25 kIDd '
Plain and dotted, ria ( c Parasols, deep Egyptian cotton. D s rca !, e ' ffle over
white on black and ruille, silk - lined, H ST. J;. S.. regular shoulder, big sleeves,
biack oS whfte, 14 " blackwood c r 0 o " ••&. .frgWiy "S?^ '»» Bklr^. si , zeB 32 *°
inch. Special- handles. Special- aged S p ec i a i_ 44. ispeciai-
lOC yard. $1-00 Each. 25C Garment. 75C Each.
LADIES' WRAPS.
A WAIST. I A CAPE. A JACKET.
60 Ladies' Heavy Japa- SO Ladies' Capes, mill- 25 Ladles' Tan Covert
nese Silk Waists, In black tary style, in black and Cloth JacVets. shield
and fancy stripes, extra navy, trimmed with sirups front, high velvet collar
large shirt waist sleeves, of velvet, edged with gilt silk - lined, very large
sizes 32 t0 44 in black and braid around shoulders, sleeves, sizes 32 to 38.
32 to 38 in stripes. Our 23 inches long,
price— our price— Our price—
$3-50. $7.50. $7.50.
HALE"BROS.,Inc I) 937-945 MarketSt
J*at
jreople
Can reduce their obesity by
taking BROOKS* PHYTOLACCA.
Safe and sure. Pleasant to take.
Makes walking easy. Can only
be had at 110 Powell street.
Letters from the country promptly an-
swered. Send 50 cents in stamps and a
trial bottle will be sent by mail. p. I'.-
-$7^0,4 ROOMS
%|J m %J CONSISTING OF
HNITURE
PARLOR.BEDRQOIULDINING-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard .' SO Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard •• 25 Cents
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces ............. 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror ..S£s OO
T. BRILLIANT,
41 0 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogues Mailed Free.
(27 Free Packing ana DelWerj across the B«j. j
ALL DISEASE IS CAUSED
BY MICROBES.
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER
TS . THE • ONLY REMEDY i YET DIS-
-*• covered that purifies the blood by
killing: the microbes in the human
body without injury to the system,
hence it cures ALL DISEASES. This
has been proven in the District Court
of Travis County, Texas; Supreme
Court of New York City, and Correc-
tional Tribunal of Paris, France.
Pamphlets. Microscopical Examina-
tions and all information at main
office
RADAMS MICROBE KILLER COMPANY,
, 1340 Market St., San Francisco.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
, ~ — OF THE— ; .
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UMIL MIUNIUHT. I
IRON BEDS.
■J-,'l mm ; BRASS BEDS.
'"* "^ • FOLDING BEDS'
Wire ! anil Hair Mat-
• XT? • • ■ ■ . ' ■ tresses. ■Kecllnlng-
ttf . . ' ...".  ; Chairs, Wheel ■'
T '  . - , .."..'. , Commodes, Bade Kes:s
I I fttfttff W. A. SCHROCK,
k*B^i yitiLyl New Montgomery
■^a^^ *J-U4id »w >loiitgomerr
V~-CT rT : J St., under Grand'
.:.;■-'. ;*^ . Hotel. S. *'.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MBRIT.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Russet Shoes are now the style," and we lead for
nobby styles of Russets at . bedrock prices. No
odds and cuds, but everything new and well made.
We are still handicapped by that fence on the cor-
ner, and we have resolved to sell lower than ever.
We are offering special bargains this week. La-
dles' Fine Russet Kid Lace Shoes, with either kid
or brown cloth tops, and Ladies' Russet Kid But-
ton. They have very pointed toes and tips. Lat-
est style of Tokio last, which we will sell for
52.00
a pair. We defy competition. . No store in this
city is offering Russet Shoes like these under $3 50
or $3. The Ku3set kid is soft and pliable and taa
cloth is the best grade.
S3" Country orders solicited. '
tar Send for New Illustrated Catalogue ■ ■
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
10 Third Street. San Franciioo.
,gKI GIFT WATCHES ! j)J|^
A wonderful assortment ■;
to choose from, suiting •
every taste and pocket-
book '' >-V . > .
"Kugby" M *
Watches for Boys. bargain prim.
.
■ ■ v y.s • '^Watches for Men.
" Elfin
AH warranted Watches for Ladles.
The Waterbury Watch Co.
New Office in the
nills Building,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
JSftRNYSt
IS THE VERY BKSX-ONE TO EXAMINB
X your eye« and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of ■ his own Invention.
whose superiority has not been equaled. My sao*
cess has been due to the merits 01 my work.
Uliice Hours— l 2 to 4p. v. '