VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 85.
O N THE VERGE
OF REVOLUTION
Yet France's Government
Is Easily Controlled by-
Bourgeois.
SO DECLARES FREDERIC.
Russia's New Position in the
Affairs of the Globe Causes
Uneasiness.
ENGLISH STATESMEN WORRIED
At Present They Are Trying to Pre
vent a Demonstration Upon
Jameson's Arrival.
[Copyright, 1596, by the K«w York Times.]
LONDON, E_*G M Feb. 22.— The prediction
was ventured last week against almost
universal forecasts in the other direction
that the French Senate would not perse
vere in its tight with the Bourgeois Minis
try, and it conies out wholly justified by
the events. This extraordinary radical
Cabinet, which has nothing near a ma
jority of avowed followers in the Chamber
of Deputies, is yet not only able to com
maud the support of that body for itself,
but thrice within a week had forced it into
ii position of revolutionary defiance of the
upper house, in utter and deliberate disre
gard of the latter's rights. It is, of course,
a revolution pure and simple.
The constitution says explicitly that the
Cabinet is responsible to the Senate
equally with the Chamber, and the Sen
ate has three times passed resolutions
which, according to the constitution,
should compel the Cabinet to resign.
Moreover, a large majority of the Deputies
secretly sympathize with the Senate, and
would gladly pass a similar resolution if
they dared; but they do not dare, and
their cowardice has spread among the Sen
ators as well, with the result that Bour
geois contemptuously laughs at them both
and keeps his place. Such things do not
happen Dy accident. Bourgeois and his
radical Socialist supporters have only one
argument, but it possesses terrible force.
They say that the majority in the Sen
ate is made up of thieves who occupy their
position of power to mold legislation and
.retri--' justice solely by the operation
of a fantastic electrical machinery in
wL'ich the people have no voice.
0:. the other hand, the Cabinet, with
the Chamber benind it, represents uni
versal suffrage which has rights supreme
shove .any constitutional jugglery of com
munal electors and fancy franchises in
the name of the people. It stands on and
defends these rights and challenges the
President and Senate to decree dissolution
and submit the question to the people at
the polls. "What the President thinks of
the situation thus oulTnsd is not known,
but the Senate has shown the abject white
feather.
On Monday radical banquets are to be
held throughout France to celebrate the
anniversary cf universal suffrage of 1845,
at which this assertion of popular will
paramount to the law will be glorified as
the sheet anchor of the republic. The past
decade of rottenness in high political life
and of government by corrupt syndicates
of financiers has ripened the French popu
lar sentiment for just such an appeal. No
one doubts that if the elections were a
month hence Bourgeois would sweep
France. When that month elapsed doubt
may be entertained whether he would be
able to hold in orderly restraint the pub
lic passions which his defiance of the
Senate has reduced. There was much
frightened, talk even this week in Paris of
probable mob violence.
Elaborate police and military precau
tions were taken yesterday to protect the
Luxembourg palace from a possible riot
ous raid, and the vast crowd which assem
bled was anxiously kept moving by extra
forces of gendarmes. As it was, only a
few hisses greeted the Senators on leaving,
but the apprehension of something worse
was plainly in their minds and &n their
faces. England's interest in all this is
quite frankly selfishly confined; to the
prospects of Berthelot keeping his post at
the Foreign Office; There is really not
much to base an opnion on, but the feeling
is strong here that he dislikes the Russo-
German alliance. »which a ring of Paris
financiers so nearly committed France to.
and that he favors instead a friendly
combination with England, Italy and
Austria to*defend the civilizing interests
of Western Europe.
Tnat these interests sorely needed de
fense is being borne ip on the people here
with a rush. It is very likely that another
few weeks will witness a genuine national
panic here about Russia's new position in
the affairs of the globe. She is in Korea
and Manchuria, she is managing the
Sultan at Constantinople, she has taken
charge of Bulgaria and of Servia. England
would have regarded any one of these
things a few years ago as "casus belli,"
and now they are all accomplished events.
Engl.'""""* stares bewilaered at the magni
tude of what confronts her. hardly know
ing what to do. Very soon, however, I
fancy the necessity of doing something
will rise uppermost in' her mind and set
these islands humming again with en
thusiasm. !
To prevent the British public from wel
coming Jameson -as a sort of second Nelson
or Wellington, and thus giving the whole
virtuous official character of the country
away to the rest of the world, is at present
the chief concern of the Government.;' A
profound mystery accordingly surrounds
the whereabouts in the channel of the-ship
bringing him home and the cordons of re
porters who stand along the southern coast
will probably find that he has been sneaked
ashore and hurried to London under cover
of night, without their knowledge.
How the authorities will keep the mobs
from shaking Bow street with cheers Mon
day and the following days does /not yet
appear. This embarrassment is the. na
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 23, 1896-TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
tural fruit of the . popular habits here,
where practically the whole people culti- r
vate and glorify 7 their muscle at the ex
pense of their brains, and , the jockey
Archer is mourned by . millions in the
same week that Matthew Arnold goes to
the grave almost unnoticed. Undoubtedly
it makes a fine fighting race, but it also
makes a race stupid enough not to see
that Jameson, instead of being a hero, was
a treacherous filibustered . who brought
bis country into disgrace at the bidding of
a millionaire group of promoters.
There is absolutely nothing new about
the Venezuelan business. The official
British resume of the case will be out early
next week, that is to say only a fortnight
later than was promised, and some seven
months behind the time when it ought to
have been ready, but considering the
ordinary methods' and movements of the ;
British foreign, office this is almost hur
ried promptness. I get no further in
formation as to Lord Salisbury's personal
attitude,, but there is no doubt that he was
at the beginning of the week in an
obstinate frame of mind.' It is precisely
at this point that this incessant newspaper
discussion across the cable does harm. It
annoys Salisbury, and would exasperate a
much meeker Foreign Secretary, as such
officials go in Europe, to have propositions
for settlement alleged to be officially in
spired, and journalistic ultimatums of
what will happen if they are not accepted
spread out every morning in the news
papers week after week.
These are things for foreign officers and •
embassadors to deal with in decent and
courteous confidence, and it will be time
enough for the public to interfere when
these appointed agencies confess failure
to agree.
The daily assumption that it is the busi
ness of journalists to settle the whole dis
pute is not only wearisome to the flesh,
but it involves a real danger of provoking
impulses of resistance and friction in the
inner circle of diplomacy charged with the
task of arranging a settlement. Parlia
mentary interest this week is almost en
tirely concentrated on Balfour's proposi
tion to alter the rules so that the supply
will occupy twenty consecutive Friday-!,
and then whatever is left undiscussed will
be automatically passed.
This has a sort of academic popular in
terest, because it destroys the most ancient
of all the parliamentary principles, that
redress of grievances precedes the supply;
but it cannot be said that the public dis
plays the faintest concern in the fate of
this historic formula. Curiously enough,
the Radicals in the House of Commons are
the ones who like this iconoclastic scheme
most, and if they can get the assurance
that private members in return for ceding
their Fridays to the Government can have
Tuesdays guaranteed to them they will
support it. Such opposition a3 is discern
ible comes from the crushed old Tories,
whom James Lowther is striving to organ
ize, but it is not likely that he will succeed
in upsetting the measure.
In a day or two Petersburg expects
written details from the Siberian officials
about the story of Nansen and the north
pole. These will at least clear up, it is
hoped, the question whether Kuchnareff,
to whom the. report is ascribed, is
the well-known trader of that name at
Yakutsk, in which case much weight
will attach to the rumor, but it happens
that Kuchnareff is : an extremely common
name at Yakutsk and further on, so that
the tale may have really no parentage
worth considering. As for getting news
from Yakutsk itself even if the Governor
sent off a messenger from Yakutsk as soon
as the report reached him that would be a
matter of nearly a month. But the drift
of speculation meanwhile is increasingly
toward crediting the rumor.
So much has to be printed . every day
about the developments , in the line of
Roentgen's discovery that the question of a
name for the thing has become one of im
portance. A'y7ypy77l
Thus far it is called the" new photog
raphy, but that is both clumsy and mis
leading, and the suggestion is now made
by several English scientists that it be
termed eleci.'-ography. This, however,
raises the objection that all sorts of things
are being done a la Roentgen without the
use of electricity at all. Among the myriad
reports of fresn experiments during the
week that from Le Gaulois' office is
most striking. Two journalists there suc
ceeded in photographing a letter through
the thick manilla envelop used by the
French Parliament by wrapping it in -a
sheet of tin foil off a chocolate packet." In
France, where private documents just now
play a chief part in the Government of the
country, this ought to be especially useful.
Harold Frederic.
Fire in the Missouri's Hold Put Out.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 22.— The fire in the
hold of the British steamer Missouri,
beached at Falmouth yesterday, has been
extinguished. Her cargo will be ' dis
charged.
THE LATE EX-CONGRESSMAN MICHAEL P. HARTER.
[From a photograph.]
The Words of Washington Like His Memory Can Never Fade.
FOUND DEATH AT
HIS OWN HANDS
Ex-Congressman Michael D.
Harter Committed
Suicide
BY SHOOTING HIMSELF.
For Some Time the Well-Known
Ohio Statesman Suffered
From Insomnia.
HAD A HEAVY LIFE INSURANCE
Made Certain That the Policy Would
Be Paid Before He Closed
7 His' Career.
FOSTORIA, Ohio, Feb. 22.—Ex-Con
gressman Michael D. Harter committed
suicide here last night by shooting him
self. He came here from Philadelphia
last Wednesday on business, and was in
the best of spirits, only complaining now
and then of insomnia, He was .in com
pany with Colonel ; Brown 7 last evening
and took supper at the Presbyterian
church. ; When he returned to the Knapp
residence, : where he has been staying sices
his arrival here, he told Mr. Knapp that
he did not wish. to be called in the /morn
ing, as he intended to try to get some
sleep. His wish was obeyed ; and he was
not called until near the hour for dinner
to-day. Getting no reply to his calls for
Mr. Harter, Mr. Knapp went upstairs and
entered the room, when the true state of
affairs was discovered. 7 4 . . , -;,
Mr. Harter took out a $100,000 gold bond
life policy yesterday. . \ Before, signing it
he turned and asked Colonel Fowler, the
agent: "Colonel, suppose I- should take
out this policy to-day and commit suicide
to-night, would my heirs receive the face
of the policy?" . :■' A'/'T'y 7 7 : 'A^7z7::jA
The colonel, replied that the courts in
all such cases had generally decided that
the policy must be paid. '
"You do not think that there would be
any question about that, Colonel?"' he per
sisted. . '. ;/- : p;/ ',**.; v
The colonel assured him there would not.
Michael D. Harter was born at Canton,
Ohio, in 1846. He lived at Mansfield, Ohio,
was out of active business, but interested
in farming, banking,; manufacturing, rail
roading and insurance. His' leisure for
twenty years past had been devoted to the
promotion of tariff reform, sound money
| and opposition to all class legislation. Mr.
| Harter was Jeffersonian, and his influence
J politically was for conservative, safe meas
ures and against radical, unsound, meddle
some legislation. He was quiet in his
manners, a plain man in his dress and a
studious one by habit, and, was elected to
the Fifty-second Congress . as a Democrat,
receiving 19,832 t votes, against 16,084 votes
for George L. Sackett (Republican), 1445
votes for W. 1). Miller (Prohibitionist) and
414 votes for D. T. Adams (Union Labor).
FKIGIITF'Ur. EXPLOSION.
A. Score of Workmen Injured, but Nona
Were Killed. -'■.*' .
WHITING,; End., Feb. 22.-A • sweeten
ing still in the Whiting Oil **•* Refinery ex
ploded at 8 i o'clock to-night, scattering
burning oil, bricks, twisted pipe and mor
tar in every direction. A score of work
ingraen were injured, but none were
killed. . .'-...:'.-'-. 7. .
. The explosion was caused by a careless
workman opening a wrong line, which
caused two kinds of gas to come together
producing the explosion. Hundreds of
windows were 5 shattered; 'houses were
shaken to their very foundations, many
being in. Imminent danger of toppling
over. The financial Joss is heavy. * The
shock was felt at a distance of twenty-live
miles. .-,-'--'-.'.;, '.'.' ,-
jEXF'on PJtOHI JBITION.
A. Kansas Grand Jury Indicts One of
Its Own Members.
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 22. -Before final
adjournment the Grand Jury added to its
list of indictments one ■ against W. E.
Niece, one of the grand jurors, for violat
ing the prohibitory law. Niece's son had
been arrested previously for the same of
fense. The Grand Jury was in session
twenty-three days : and it examined over
300 witnesses, resulting in thirty-one in
dictments. Fourteen of; the accused men
have .been. apprehended and all except
two of the fourteen have given bouds.
Philip J. Harper- Hying,
: HEMPSTEAD, N. V., ; Feb. 22.— Phihp
J. ' Harper, ) retired senior member of the
firm of Harper Bros., New York, is «, dan
gerously ill at his > horne J here with a com
plication gof . kidney 3 and heart troubles.
Little hope is entertained for his recovery.
BILL NYE IS
CALLED TO REST
Passing of the Noted Writer,
Humorist, Lecturer and
Lawyer.
KILLED BY OVERWORK.
For Over Ten Days He Battles
Bravely Against the Grim
. .' Destroyer. I 7
LOVED BY MANY MILLIONS.
Few Men Had Better Succeeded in
T ..' Gladdening , the Hearts of
the People.
, -rAZyyr,:: :,■■■ ■ .
ASH^VILLE, N. C, Feb. "Bill"
Nye is dead. . For ten days he had been
wrestling with death, but the best medical
talent in the land saw that it was a ques
tion oil only a few hours before the loved
humorist, who had ■ made j millions of
hearts glad by his speeches and writings,
wouid be no more.
Ten days ago a stroke of apoplexy laid
him low. He was at his home, Buck
Shoals, twelve miles east .of . here. : He
sank constantly until the summons came
this afternoon at 1 o'clock. His daughters,
who were at school in Washington, ar
rived in time to attend their father in his
last hours. .
Overwork was the cause of the humor
THE LATE , EDGAR WILSON NYE.
[From a recent photograph.]
ist's death. He literally worked himself
to 1 death. For two years he labored
with tigerish zeal, writing letters for the
syndicate by which he was regularly em
ployed, writing books and plays and lec
turing. The work was enough to kill a
far stronger man. Upon the verge of col
lapse, tortured with mental and nervous
pain, weak from the burden of overwork,
the happy-hearted humorist readied Pat
erson, N. J., last fall. He was to lecture
that night and he did not feel equal to the
task. : TV.:'." /A* ' 7 T ; -T 7 ; : ' r ' 7' - : • 7(i:*7
His tortured mind craved for some arti
ficial stimulant; his nerves needed some
thing to stay the portending collapse. In
that hour he drank excessively of intoxi
cants, and appeared that night on the
platform drunk. It was a story of shame
that the newspapers carried over the
country the next day, and everywhere he
was abused. No one knew the truth or
cared to know. No one knew that the
genial humorist, who had contributed so
much to mankind's enjoyment, who was
always ready with a smile, and who had
driven away mountains of -care, was stag
gering under a superhuman task which he
had put upon himself, and drank only to
relieve his pain. Humiliated ,and feeling
keenly the shame that was put upon him,
the genial writer left. *-. ! '
It touched his heart when, a few days
later, Eugene Field penned, as his last
work upon earth, a defense of him. No
one knew, but Nye how well that defense
was deserved and what a flavor of truth it
contained. Still the humorist offered no
excuse; he said nothing in extenuation.
With fiercer energy he continued his
work. He worked feverishly, forgetting the
cutting things that were said about him,
and, seeing his brave course, the people
had commenced to forget.
Ten days ago the collapse, of which the
incident at Paterson was but a warning,
came. He was stricken at his borne. ■ A
few days before be had been at Asheville
and had spoken gratefully to friends of
the act of Eugene Field in writing in his
defense. He was a member of the Epis
copal Church and since his residence here
has been the most popular man in this
section. His family consists of his wife
and four children, two sons and two
daughters.
In addition to his regular syndicate
work within the last two years he pub
lished a history of the United States,
which he often said he wanted to stand as
the last book he wrote. All of last fall he
was busily engaged in writing -a play in
connection with Paul Potter, -'The Stag
Party," which was produced in New York
some time ago. The failure of the play
had no effect on Mr. Nye's good humor.
He jokingly said a few weeks ago that
"play-writing is not my forte."
NTIi'S C EUR.
From a Lawyer He Recame a Celebrated
Htimoritt. '
Edgar Wilson Nye was born in Shirley,
Piscataqua County, Me., August 22, 1350.
He was educated in an' academy at River
Falls, Wis. j Soon' after his graduation he
removed to Wyoming * Territory, studied
law and was admitted to the bar in 1876.
He' began r early to" contribute humorous
sketches to the newspapers," using the pen
name 'of "Bill Nye." He was connected
with various Western journals, and after
ward settled in New York City. He pub
lished "Bill Nye and the Boomerang*" in
1881; "The Forty Liars," 1883; "Bailed
Hay," 1884; "Bill Nye's Blossom Rock,"
1885, and "Remarks," 1886.
"Bill" Nye, as the world knew nim, had
few equals as a humorist and many imita
tors. For years his syndicate letters and
publications yielded an annual revenue of
not less • than $10,000, while the proceeds
from his lectures netted about $20,000
more. About seven years ago he took up
his abode in a magnificent residence on
Staten Island, where he lived with his
wife and four children when not on lectur
ing tours. Later he moved to the South
Carolina home, where he died.
Behind his fund of humor there was a
seriousness in Mr. Nye's composition
which very few fully understood. During
a visit in San Francisco some six years
ago he told an interviewer that it was his
intention to cease his career as a humorist
as soon as an opportunity presented itself.
After many years of travel the practice of
the public to regard all he said as a joke
had become exceedingly annoying to him.
Even in the discussion of matters of great
public moment his hearers would always
laugh when they discovered the speaker
was Bill Nye. Such was the fame of his
humor, but it grieved him to be thus
treated on every occasion of his appear
ance in public. Constant peals of laughter
at what he intended to be taken in ail
seriousness irritated and pained him more
than was ever imagined by his warmest
friends. That is why he decided years
ago to retire as an humorist at the earliest
opportunity.
In speaking of the talented humorist a
writer recently had this to say: "There
is a portrait of Bill Nye in the act of writ
ing his jokes, and we are. told that his
small, droll features, spectacled eyes, huge
forehead and remarkably bald and queer
shaped head add to the effect of his. jokes
when he recites them,* as does his dry
Yankee drawl. But the jokes are usually
good in themselves, for he has an original
Contlnxxed on. Second Page.
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
DULY OBSERVED
THE GREAT DAY
People of All Rank Paid
Tribute to Washing- -
ton's Memory.
JOINED IN CELEBRATING
Throughout the Nation Patriotic
Citizens Honored the Father '
of His Country.
PLEAS FOR UNIVERSAL PEACE.
Distinguished Persons Expressed a
Desire for the Formation of a
Court of Arbitration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 22.-The
National capital was wholly given over
to-day to celebrating the one hundred and
sixty-fourth anniversary of the birth of
the city's founder and in whose honor it
was named. There were imposing mili
tary parades extending along Pennsyl
vania avenue from the Capitol past the
White House morning and afternoon, and
in which all the District of Columbia
militia participated. The Cycle • Corps,
with a day's rations and twenty rounds of
cartridges, demonstrated the adaptability
of the bicycle to military purposes by
throwing a skirmish line ten miles up the
Potomac River, where a sham battle was
held. Troop Aof the local militia rode to
Brightwood, four or five miles from the
city, returning in time for the afternoon
irade.
All the executive departments were, of
course, closed. As part of the general
celebration Dr. J. M. Toner entertained
the Washington Monument Society at
luncheon and received a large number of
distinguished persons. The annual meet
ing of the society, held at Dr. Toner's resi
dence, resulted in the re-election of all the
officers.
As it was publicly known that the ordi
nary legislative proceedings in the Senate
were to be dispensed with to-day and that
the day was to be devoted to the memory
of the father of his country, the galleries
of the Senate were early crowded with
spectators. The opening prayer was de
livered by Rev. Wallace Radchff, D.D.,
pastor of * the New York-avenue Presbyte
rian Church— the church attended 'by both
tho Vice-President and the President of
the Senate pro tern. •He offered special
thanks to God "for him whose name is in
all hearts to-day. for the inheritance of his
memory and for the inspiration of his life
and example." *-**"-**
The reading of Thursday's journal wa
dispensed with and the Vice-President an
nounced that, under the resolution of the
Senate, the farewell address of President
Washington would be read by the Presi
dent of the Senate pro tern., the Senator
from Maine (Frye). Taking a position at
the clerk's desk, Frye commenced in a
clear, strong voice and with perfectly
accentuated delivery to read the farewell
address. The reading occupied three
quarters of an hour, and when it was
ended the thanks of the Senate were, on
motion of Gray (D.) of Delaware, given to
the reader and then the Senate at 12:55
adjourned until Monday.
FOR VNIFERSAI, PEACE.
Noted .Men Approve' of Creating a Court
of Arbitration.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 22.—
anniversary of the birth of George Wash
ington was more generally observed, in
Philadelphia to-day than has been the
case for many years. The most important
feature was the conference held in the
headquarters of the Universal Peace So
ciety by prominent advocates of arbitra
tion for the purpose of discussing the
feasibility of the creation of a court of arbi
tration for the peaceful adjustment of dif
ficulties that may arise between the United
States and Great Britain.
Judge William N. Ashman presided, and
among those present were: Rev. W. Hud
son Shaw, Oxford, England ; Rev. Wash
ington Gladden, LL.D., Columbus, Ohio';
Rev. Dr. Joseph May, Philadelphia; Al
fred H. Love, president of the Peace
Union, Philadelphia; Richard F. Dana,
Boston; E. W. Peat,' St. Paul, Minn., and
President Hyde of Bowdoin College.
Letters were read from President Cleve
land and Secretaries Smith and Morton
and Postmaster-General .Wilson, and a
number of addresses were made. The
letter of President Cleveland read:
Executive Mansion, *
Washington, D. C, Feb. 21, 1896. <
Herbert Welsh, Secretary, etc. -"Sly Pear Sir:
yAy-z NEW TO-DAY.
uuiiyiunUiwm
&eo§
COPPER RIVETED
YvKALL>
AND
im, BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE!!
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.2
I shall be unable to attend the conference to
be held to-morrow in the Interest of interna- |
tional arbitration at the city of Philadelphia. '
It would be entirely unnecessary for me to
assure those who advocate this cause of my
hearty sympathy with any movement that
tends to the establishment of peaceful agencies
for the adjustment of international disputes.
The subject should be discussed with a clear
perception of all the features belonging to it,
and in a spirit of patriotism, as well as love for
mankind. 7~:/Aiy7
Hoping the conference you contemplate may
result in stimulating a sentiment In favor of
Just and fair arbitration among nations, I am,
yours very truly, Grover Cleveland.
The Cabinet officers also expressed sym
pathy with the movement and regretted
their inability to be in attendance. Secre
tary Morton wrote:
"If after all these centuries of alleged
civilization and Christianity England and
the United States must settle their differ
ences like wild beasts by mere brute force,
then is our boasted superiority over sav
agery and barbarism a myth."
Commendatory letters and telegrams
were also read from Major-General Miles,
U.S.A.; Captain Mahan.U. S.N. ; Jus
tice Brewer, United States Supreme Court;
Archbishop Ryan of Philadelphia, Con
gressman Dingley, Charles Francis Adams,
Congress/nan Hitt, chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and United
States Commissioner of Labor Carroll D.
Wright.
LONDON, En.-,., Feb. 22.— The Anglo-
American Arbitration Commission has re
quested the United Press to publish the
following cablegram sent by the committee
to the chairman of the arbitration demon
stration committee in Philadelphia to-day :
Hearty greetlncs to our American kinsmen
who are celebrating Washington's birthday.
We join- with you 'in doing honor to your
national hefo by advocating fraternal union
through a permanent court of arbitration for
the peaceful and honorable adjustment of all
differences arising in the English-speaking
family.
Kight Rev. Brooke Forbes Westcott,
Bishop of Durham.
Lord Platfair.
Very Rev. F. Vf. Farr,
Dean of Canterbury.
Sir John Lubbock.
Lady Henry Somerset.
Mrs. Fawcett.
I'l'.y. Hugh Price Hughes.
William R. Cremee.
Dr. Clifford.
DR. i'AEKER,
Pastor oi tne City Temple.
CELEBRATED IN NEW FORK.
There Was Great Enthusiasm at the
Nation's Metropolis.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 22.— The one
hundred and sixty-fourth anniversary of
Washington's birthday was celebrated
with enthusiasm in New York City to-day,
business being generally suspended. At
sunrise there was the usual ceremony of
raising the United States flag at the Bat
tery. Following the custom which has
prevailed for many years, the National
riajr was also raised on old Fort Fisher, at
the northern end of Central Park, at the
same time the Battery celebration took
place. No business was transacted on any
of the exchanges to-day, and all public
buildings were closed.
WITH APPROPRIATE ADDRESSES.
Boston's Patriotic Organizations Joined
in the Observance.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 22.— Washington's
birthday was observed here to-day in
about the usual manner with the excep
tion of the omission of the annual recep
tion by the Governor, whose illness pre
vented this functional observance. Among
the events were the meetings of the pa
triotic societies to listen to addresses ap
propriate to the occasion, reunions of the
military and social organizations, memo
rial entertainments, political-club dinners,
skating races, athletic meets, etc., with
the closing of the exchanges and public
buildings and general suspension of busi
ness.
ROOSEVELT WAS THE STAR.
New Fork's Reformer Made Three
SpeecJses ta Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 22.— Orations on
George Washington and patriotic music
were the order of the day here, and thou
sands of Americans, both young and old,
attended the exercises in all parts of the
city and its suburbs. The celebrations ar
ranged under the auspices of the Union
League Club, as in past years, were the
most conspicuous events of the National
day. Theodore Roosevelt, the reform
Police Commissioner of New York city,
was the star attraction of the University of
Chicago in the morning, at the Audito
rium Theater in the afternoon, and again
at the Union League Club's annual Wash
ington birthday banquet in the evening.
His lofty sentiments of patriotism and
ideal citizenship were received on the three
occasions with applause from large and
sympathetic audiences.
Twelve patriotic demonstrations in as
many public schools were held under the
Union League Club's auspices. An orator
from some university or college spoke at
each of the meetings, the exercises at each
institution closing with the general sing
ing of "America."
The Sons of the Revolution for Illinois
gave their annual celebration in Central
Music Hall this morning, the orator being
Rev. F. B. Vrooman of Washington.
, COMMISSIONER WHITE TALKS.
An Address on the Diplomatic Relations
of the Country.
BALTIMORE, M D ., Feb. There were
a number of celebrations in Baltimore com
memorative of Washington. The chief
feature of the exercises at the Johns
Hopkins University was the address by
Hon. Andrew D. White, ex-president of
Cornell University and now a member of
tbe Venezuelan Commission.
The doctor prefaced his address with a
few remarks concerning the Johns Hop
kins University, and then turned his at
tention to "The diplomatic relations of
the United States."
VETERANS AND MECHANICS.
They Joined in an Extensive Parade at
Pittsburg.
PTTTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 22.-Washing
ton's birthday was to-day observed more
generally as a holiday than ever before in
Pittsburg. Business was practically sus
pended. The only public display was by
the Junior Order of American Mechanics.
The parade was the best and largest at
tended the organization has yet made in
Pittsburg. A number of Grand Army of
the Republic posts also participated in the
street demonstration.
At the corner of Ridge and Irwin ave
nues, Allegheny, the Junior Order of
America held an open air meeting and re
ceived, on behalf of the city of Allegheny,
a set of • flags and a superb steel flagstaff,
monumental in design, from S. S. Marvin.
Congressman W. A. Stone responded to
the presentation address, which was de
livered by Rev. R. S. Holmes.
A LOST CA USE LAMENT.
General Bradlexj . T. Johnson Speaks at
Richmond, fa. ■•-.;*
RICHMOND, A' a., feb. 22.-One of the
features of the observance here of Wash
ington birthday was the formal .opening
of the museum of the Confederate Memo
rial Liteiary Society in the Davis mansion ,
—tne White House of the Confederacy—
which was donated to the society by the
city of Richmond. . The ceremonies were
simple but impress consistingof prayer
by Rev. Moses D. Hoge and an address by
General Bradley T. Johnson of Baltimore,
who was introduced by Governor O'Fer
rall. Among other things General John
son said:
"The world is surely coming to the con
clusion that the cause of the Confederacy
was right. Every lover of liberty, consti
tutional liberty controlled by law, all over
the world begin to understand that the
war was not a war waged by the South in
defense of slavery, but was a war to pro
tect liberty, won and bequeathed by free
ancestors." .Ay -A;
Speaking next of the devotion of Vir
ginians and Virginian women to the Con
federate cause, he said: t;r
"It is this constantly growing conscious
ness of the nobleness and justice and chiv
alry of the Confederate cause which con
stitutes the success and illuminates the
triumph we commemorate to-day. Evil
dies, good lives, and the time will come
when all the world will realize that the
failure of the Confederacy was a great.mis
fortune to humanity and will be a source
of unnumbered woes to liberty."
RANQVET TO MR. DEPEW.
He Conclxtdes an Eloquent Patriotic Ad
i^Hg dress With a Droll Story.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 22.— The Lotus
Club gave a dinner to-night in honor of
Chauncey M. Depew at the clubhouse, 558
Fifth avenue. The banquet -room was
decorated not only with the stars and
stripes, in honor of Washington's anni
versary, but also with evergreens and
flowers. =?c \' '•7'
The president of the club, Frank R.
Lawrence, sat at the head of the table.
There were about 2.0 diners present,
among whom were President Seth Low of
Columbia College. Walter P. Phillips,
George W. Smalley, J. Lindsay Gordon,
Captain William Henry Waite, Chester S.
Lord, F. B. Thurber, Rastus S. Ransom,
Arthur F. Bowers, Lieutenant F. C. Du
val, Gilbert Parker, J. Howard Jr., J. I. C.
Clark; R. E. Bonner and F. A. Burnham.
President Lawrence made a short ad
dress, touching on the observances of the
day when America's greatest patriot and
statesman was. born, and then introduced
Mr. Depew, who said in part:
"I do not know why you should have se
lected Washington's birthday on which to
pay me this honor. There is no resem
blance between the Father of his Country
and myself, unless in my capacity as a rail
road man you connect me with him from
his first venture, in what has grown to be
the great system of transportation, or be
cause Parson Weems, in his delightful and
simple story of Washington's life, says
that when a small boy he took a hack at
the cherry tree.
. "This February, for the first time, both
Washington's and Lincoln's birthdays
have been made legal holidays. Never
since the creation of man were two human
beings so unlike, so nearly the extremes of
opposition to each other as Washington
and Lincoln— the one am aristocrat by
birth, by breeding and association; the
other in every sense and by every sur
rounding a democrat.
"As the richest ma ._ in America, a large
slaveholder, the possessor of an enormous
landed estate and the leader and repre
sentative of the property, the culture and
the colleges of the colonial period, Wash
ington stood for the conservation and
preservation of law and order. He could
be a revolutionist, aud pledge his life and
fortune and honor for the principles
which, in his judgment, safeguarded the
rights and liberties of his country. But
in the construct- on of the republic and in
the formation of its institutions, and in
the critical period of experiment until
they could get in working order, he gave
to them and implanted in them conserva
tive elements which were found in no
other system of government. And yet,
millionaire, slaveholder and aristocrat, in
its best sense that he was as he lived, so at
any time he would have died for the im
mortal principle put by the Puritans in
their charter, of the equality of all men
before the law- and of the equal oppor
tunity of all to rise.
"Lincoln, on the other hand, was born in
a cabin, among the class known as poor
whites in slaveholding times, who held
no position, and whose condition was so
hopeless as to paralyze ambition and ef
fort. His situation, so far as his surround
ings were concerned, had considerable
mental but little moral improvement by
his removal to Indiana and subsequently
to Illinois. Anywhere in the Old World
a man born amid such environments and
teachings, and possessed of unconquer
able energy and ambition and the greatest
powers of eloquence and constructive
statesmanship would have been a socialist
and the leader of a social revolt. He
might have been an anarchist. His one
ambition would have been to break the
crust above him and shatter it to pieces.
But Lincoln attained from the log cabin of
the poor white in the wilderness the same
position which George Washington
r.acned from his palatial mansion and
baronial estate on the Potomac.
"He made .he same fight unselfishly,
patriotically and grandly for the preserva
tion of the republic that Washington had
done for its creation and foundation.
Widely, as they are separated, these two
heroes of the two great crises of our
national life stand together in, separating
the solvent powers, the inspiring processes
and the hopeful opportunities of Amer
ican liberty. 7jy A
"It is a curious trait of this period,"
said Mr. Depew, branching into pleas
antries, "that we are inclined to take
nothing seriously. A story, goes fa.tber
than an "-argument and a joke captures
more than a speech. To hit a
Populist Senator and get ■ a hori
zontal view of a great statesman
they tell ihe story of Senator
being shaved by an aged colored barber at
the Arlington and remarking" to the bar
ber: 'Uncle, you must have had among
your customers many of my distinguished
predecessors in the Senate; many of the
men now dead who have occupied the
great place which I fill?'
" 'Yes, sir,' said the barber, 'I've known
most all of dem. By the way, Senator,
you remind me of Daniel Webster.'
"The gratified statesman raised in his
chair and placing his fingers upon his
forehead said, 'Is it my brow?'
" -No, boss,' said the barber, 'it is your
breath.'" 7
NO SPEECHES MADE.
How the American Society Celebrated in
-.London; -~*Tv7'TXV~ v "T;
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 22. -The celebra
tion of Washington's birthday by the
American Society here took a new de
parture this T year. Instead of. the cus
tomary dinner a reception was held in the
Grafton Galleries, followed by a collation.
Embassador Bayard -and Consul-General
Collins and their respective staffs were
present. Several hundred guests sat down
to the collation. No speech-making 7 was
indulged in. *
A French railway company has ordered
clocks to be placed on the outside of every
locomotive, i ..-"."""-''■"".
THE to FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
BOOTH AND WIFE
ARE YET MISSING.
Resignation of the Popular
Commander Followed
the Recall.
APPEALS MADE IN VAIN
The General of the Salvation
Army Refused to Change
the Order.
COLONEL NICOL'S EXPLANATION
Says the Resignation of the Missing
Leaders Has Not Been
Accepted.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 22.— appears
that the resignation of Commander and
Mrs. Booth from the Salvation Army, fol
lowing the row that was raised by their
being ordered to "farewell" by the general
in London, has' already been communi
cated to the headquarters across the sea.
This afternoon the following statement
was made by Colonel Nicol, editor-in-chief
of the army's publications in England,
and one of the commissioners who was to
try the Booths by court-martial. The
statement shows that the Booths have
been superseded in command. It says: .
First— The resignation of the commander
and Mrs. Ballington Booth, which has been
tendered by them to the international head
quarters, has not yet been accepted by the
general, in whom alone is vested the power to
accept resignations of territorial leaders.
Second— We do not accept auy responsibility
for the commander's deplorable action.
Commandant Herbert Booth was in
structed by the international headquarters to
come to New York and confer with his
brother on the matters in question, and hav
ing done so has returned to Toronto.
Fourth The international headquarters
have instructed Colonel Eadie to assume the
temporary direction of affairs. We are await
ing further advices. We are going on with our
work. God lives and the flag waves.
There was very little excitement ex
pressed at headquarters and there was a
well-defined fear of saying anything that
might get the talker into touble.
Colonel Eadie said that he had absolutely
nothing to say except what appeared in
the statement above. He said he had no
idea of where the commander and his wife
were and ail others seem equally, in the
dark as to this fact.
It is impossible to state at this time
whether the Booths will carry the army
with them or not. General Booth is in
India and it will be some time before the
matter is straightened out.
Another feature of the trouble developed
to-day. It -is the outcome of the mass
meeting held recently in this city, at
which Hon. Chauncey M. Depew presided.
At that meeting resolutions asking that,
Ballington Booth be retained as com
mander here were adopted and cabled to
the international headquarters in London.
Mr. Depew to-day received a reply which
shows that General Booth, the interna
tional commander, is firm in his decision
as to the change in command in the United
States, and further, that as long ago as
January 31 Ballington Booth had handed
in his resignation as a result of his re
moval from the command in this country.
This resignation, it appears, resulted in
the sending of three mediators to this coun
try, but their mission was unsuccessful.
The cablegram received . to-day by Mr.
Depew is as follows:
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 22.— Hon. Cfiauncexj JI.
Depew, New York: Cabled general summary
yours. He instructs cable universal changes and
equity compels him affirm arrangement. Pro
foundly deplores resignation dated 31st Janu
ary. Has done by these mediators utmost
without success. Beamwell Booth.
BILL NYE CALLED TO REST
Continued from First Page.
! way in looking at things, and his fun is
always legitimate. He shoots folly as it
flies, but spares what is useful to human
■ ity." T'TTtv
In a letter written some six years ago
from New York George F. Dobson said :
"When Bill Nye isn't, as he himself says,
'jostling and junketing around with for
eign dynasties,' he lives on Staten Island.
He owns a large house, perhaps half a
mile from the landing at St. George; has
four children, equally balanced as to sex,
a solemn-faced cow and a big barn. The
house cost $40,000, but it fell into Mr.
Nye's hands at about one-third of that
imposing sum. The owner has dipped
deep enough into the thirties to be peril
ously close to forty. 'He has drawn his
own picture too ten to need the focusing
of a foreign lens. Now that he is recog
nized as a peer of the realm of American
humorists, he has no trouble in defraying
his expenses. .Many exaggerated state
ments concerning his earnings have found
their way into print. They are large
enough, however, to obviate the necessity
for inflation. Last year his tongue wagged
at the. rate of about $20,000 for the lecture
season, and with the receipt of about $10,
--000 more his pen is to be credited. He is
in platform partnership with Whitcomb
Riley,' the 'Hoosier Poet,' for whose
brother strangers usually mistake him.
"It is only within recent years that tidal
waves of prosperity began to roll over Mr.
Nye. Without straining his memory he
■ can recall the time when his literary
drudgery netted him $1 a column. 'The
columns were short and the type large,'
he explains, 'and I was glad to get the
dollar.' One hundred dollars is nearer
his figure now. -Most of the -humorist's
pen portraits represent him as perfectly
innocent of hair. This does a gross in
justice to the vegetation with which his
scalp is fringed, thoueh it is not luxuriant
and though truth compels '.the admission
that the crown is of the billiard-ball vari
ety. 'He is loosely built, large boned, six
feet high, and straight as a plummet-line.
The kindliness that is in him seems to find
an outlet at every pore. It dances in his
eyes, softens the expression of his face and
rings in every sentence that he utters. He
was born in the woods, near Moosehead.
"Whatever misgivings may be entertained
regarding Nye's qualifications as an expo
nent of law, there is no debatable ground
about his capacity for the mission which is
bringing him fame and fortune. He must
have '■ been singularly retiring and unob
trusive lit ; his early days. Even the fric
tion of the platform, with all that it in
volves— constant traveling, contact with
every type of human being and the cruci
ble of .critical assemblages" in every big
city on the continent not worn away
the fine delicacies which commend him to
those who know him well and those who
know him little. It is easy enough to
pluck out the heart of Nye's mystery. He
can be comprehended in a moment and
imitated not at all. Those who try to fol
low in his footsteps will have a hard road
to travel. They could rise to the height of
none of his excellencies and duplicate and
emphasize every deficiency he has. Of
course he is not a man to rhapsodize
about. He is the first to smile when florid 1
things are said about him. To fall down
and worship himself will be the last of his
follies." •- 7
The last time Mr. Nye was in San Fran
cisco he passed one evening at the round
tanle of tne Bohemian Club red room, and
there talked freely to Paul Neumann, Jos
eph D. Redding, Dr. Swan, Sol Smith Rus
sell and a few others of his purposes and
ambitions in life. He spoke of the great
Volume of his weekly contributions to the
press, and of the opportunity afforded by
the syndicate system for readily convert
ing commonplace copy into cash.
It cannot be said that Mr. Nye apolo
gized for his syndicate work, but he
readily acknowledged that "it was not up
to the standard of hi 3 early contributions
to the Denver press and to his own paper
in Laramie. He had an ambition to do
better write something that would
give him a Tasting place in English lit
erature, but his own judgment and the ad
vice of many of his*friena_ impelled him
to meet the daily demands for his work
while the market was calling for the prod
ucts of his imagination.
He was told that public taste would
change and then it would be time to settle
down to more serious work with his pen.
No one knew better than himself that
the vast quantity of copy that he was
turning out constantly for the syndicate
could not be produced without tne sacri
fice of quality.
It was in his mind to follow up his lec
ture engagements throughout the country
and make all the money he could while
lyceums wanted to engage him. Then,
with the accumulated capital from his
writings and readings, he proposed to
complete and embellish a home after his
own heart, wherein he would settle down
in the autumn of life and produce, as he
termed it, literature worthy of himself.
The home of his fancy was becoming a
reality, but the demands to complete,
equip and maintain it according to his
desires made it necessary to renew his
syndicate contracts and continue the lec
ture engagements. So be worked days
and nights, getting half of his sleep on the
train and the rest of it at hotels. True
enough, he was making money and mak
ing people laugh, but he did so at the ex
pense of his mental and physical vitality. |
Nye was a genial companion, gentle and
benevolent, whose kind humor brought
sunshine into many homes. His work as
a writer was never marred with obscene
suggestions or low allusions. His mind
was clean and clear. He valued the qual
ity of pathos as an element in humor, and
could recite tender as well as funny things.
Nye and Whitcomb Riley were close
friends and gave joint readings through
out tte country until the bliss of late
hours and the joy of meeting rare spirits
of Bohemia compelled Mr. Riley to forego
the pleasure of meeting an audience at
Louisville that had assembled in expecta
tion of hearing two humorists.
On this incident the humorists parted
company, and each lectured for himself. .
If Riley, following in the wake of Nye,
happened at Terre Haute or Kalamazoo to
call .out a bigger crowd than the Western
humorist had rallied, the agent of the
Hoosier poet made the fact known
throughout the length and breadth of the
land. Eugene Field was the friend of both
humorists, and Sol Smith Russell avers
that he could surpass either in the line of
pathetic recital. Field could mimic to
perfection either Nye or Riley.
Nye was not personally extravagant,
and therefore it is probable that he leaves
to his family qfite a store of ready money.
REPUBLICANS' BIRTHDAY
The Fortieth Anniversary of the
Party's Existence Celebrated
at Washington.
Distinguished Public Men Address a
Large and Enthusiastic
Audience.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. Feb. 22.— The
fortieth anniversary of the National
Republican party was celebrated , to-night
by the Union Republican Club at the
Center Market. Prominent speakers served
to draw a crowded house and there was
much enthusiasm over some of the oratory.
The first convention of a National char
acter in the history of the party was held
in Pittsburg on February 22, 1856, and as
this convention was arranged for in Wash
ington it was decided that the National
capital was especially appropriate as the
place for holding anniversary celebration.
Thomas J. Lasier, president of the Union
Republican Club, called the meeting to
order, and at his invitation A. M. ClapD,
one of the few surviving members of the
Pittsburg Convention, presided over the
exercises. '"7
Addresses were delivered by Senators J.
R? Hawley of Connecticut, S. M. Cullom
of Illinois and G. C. Perkins of California;
Representatives C. R- Boutelle of Maine,
R. J. Cousins of lowa, C. ! M. Brumm of
Pennsylvania, J. S. Sherman of New York
and C. A. Towne of Minnesota. The invo
cation was delivered by Rev. G. H. Corey.
A band was in attendance and played pa
triotic airs.
THOSE JEANNETTE RELICS.
What Arctic Expert Dall of the Smith
sonian Institution Says.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 22.— Dr.
William H. Dall, the Arctic expert of the
Smithsonian Institution, in reply to vari
ous statements as to Nansen's theory of
an Arctic current being based on a naval
midshipman's hoax, writes as follows:
"Permit me to point out that the state
ment that the hoax which I have de
scribed as resulting in the so-called Jean
nette relics was not connected by me with
i the voyage of . the Yantic in 188.. .This
statement is due to some confusion in • the
mind of the reporter between the two dif
ferent Greely' expeditions— that of the
Yantic in 1883 and that 7of .the Bear,
Thetis and Alert in 1884. I did not con
nect the trick with the oflicers or men of
any particular vessel, and * have never
known definitely, who was responsible
for it. ;„/ . . .
"But that a foolish prank of some one
during the expedition of 1884 was responsi
ble for the 'relics' I have no doubt what
ever, from the inquiry conducted by Dr.
Bessels, which I witnessed, in part, in the
winter of * 1834-85,' and I have at various
times jso informed persons interested in
Arctic matters, including friends of Dr.
Nanseu."
CUBAN REBELS
BURN BUILDINGS
Several Towns Reported to
Have Been Looted by-
Insurgents.
A BATTLE WITH MACEO.
Native Forces Compelled to Re
tire From the Heavy
Artillery Fire.
ABOUT TWO HUNDRED SLAIN.
From Spanish Sources Also Come Re
ports of Victories in Various
T -Engagements.
* * . i
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 22.— Further de
tails of the attack on Jaruco Wednesday
by the rebels state that the insurgents
burned 131 buildings. They looted all
stores except those situated on Loyal
street, which were protected by a stone
fort garrisoned by a body of civil guards
and volunteers. . Another fort, after a
valiant defense on the part of a body of
firemen and volunteers, fell into the hands
of the insurgents. BbS|
Additional official reports of engage
ments on Thursday with the insurgents
under General Maceo near Catalina state
that Colonel Tor with a force of Spaniards
attacked the enemy, who were entrenched
behind stone fences and ruins on the El
Gato estate. • : TC
Tiie rebels numbered from 4000 to 5000,
and their line of fire was drawn up in the
shape of a semi-circle.
The Spanish forces brought their artil
lery into play to dislodge the enemy. The
rebels made a tenacious defense from be
hind the house ruins, keeping up a steady
fire for two hours, but were finally com
pelled to retreat, leaving ten dead on tne
field. Later the rebels took up a Btrong
position in the neighboring hills, but were
eventually dislodged. *'■'" "-7
The Government troops were unable to
pursue the fleeing army owing to night
setting in and returned to Catalina. The
casualties to the Spanish consisted of the
wounding of a captain and twelve soldiers.
Colonel Hernandez thinks that the total
loss to the rebels will aggregate 200.
News has been received here that the
rebels have burned the town of Santa Cruz,
province of Pinar del Rio. The rebels on
leaving Santa Cruz proceeded in the direc
tion ,of Palacios, declaring that ,it was
their intention to burn that place also.
Colonel Peris of the Government forces
reports meeting a party of 1200 insurgents
near Penon. in the vicinity of Cardenas,
whom he immediately engaged. The rebels
lost twelve killed and four of their num
ber were taken prisoners. The rebel leader
Morejon is believed . to be among the
killed. On the' Spanish side only three
were wounded. . .
The Spanish general, Barges, reports
from Santiago that a force of , insurgents
under the rebel leader Cartagena, made an
attack upon the town of SaguadeTanamo,
on the Bth inst., but were repulsed 5 with a
loss of twenty killed. Cartagena, the
deader, was wounded.
MURDERED BY A SOLDIER.
How a Cuban's Hospitality tn Havana
-T T Was Repaid.
KEY WEST, Fla.,. Feb. Among
the passengers by the steamer Whitney
to-day were two American citizens who
have resided in Cuba for several years.
One of them stated that yesterday morn
ing on one of the principal streets in
the city of Havana a most horrible mur
der was committed by a Spanish soldier. .
The murdered man was a Cuban, who
had invited the soldier to take breakfast
with him. During the meal the soldier
said: "Viva la Espana." The Cuban fail
ing to respond, was asked outside by his
guest, and immediately on reaching the
sidewalk was stabbed several times by the
soldier with his bayonet, running it com
pletely through his body. The soldier
then split the Cuban's head with a
machete.
These gentlemen state that all reports
sent out of Havana heralding Spanish vic
tories are utterly unreliable, as the Span
ish troops seldom if ever gain a battle, and
then only against small bodies of in
surgents poorly armed.
LOBBYING AT FRANKFORT
Ideal Opportunity to Do Effective
Work For and Against the
Repeal Bill.
Goebel Has the Measure Fixed as a
Special Order for Tuesday
Evening. -,
FRANKFORT, Xy m Feb. 22.-The lob
byists who are here in force and more
numerous than at any previous session of
the Legislature— many of them under the
guise of helping one or other of the Sen
atorial* aspirants— left with members of
the Legislature yesterday evening, and it
is their ideal opportunity to make trips
with legislators and do hard service for
and against the measures which they hope
to pass or kill. 7*7 7 V ■* /p.;
The latest scheme of these heretofore
quiet and unobtrusive lobbyists is to pool
their issues'. a The men here fighting the
passage of at least five big bills affecting
as many different kinds of interests, and
at the head of which is the Southern Pa
cific repeal bill, have 7 pooled their issues
and gone into a sort of "you help me and
I'll help you" arrangement. 7
The chief plan of battle is to delay and
wear out the session, two-thirds of which
is gone and only twenty days of
which remain.;- This is the plan which
has been outlined against the bill, as has
been before noted by The Call, and such
a policy judicially worked is must effective
and is the only plan feared by the friends
of the repeal bill.
Senator Goebel forced the fight on Sat
urday, when he had the measure fixed as
a special order for Tuesday evening. This
was the bugle-call for activity on the part
of the * Huntington people, who hail ap
parently shown little interest in the meas
ur £ and had done their work secretly" aAT
4K The fight promises to be very bold, and
they are taking the ground that it would
, be bad laith on the part of the State to re- J
peal the rights in the bill upon which they
have built their business.
The Huntington people try to make it
appear, that the fight is between Mayor
Sutro and bis friends and the Southern
Pacific people, and that there is as much
right on one side as on the other. Hunt
ington's lobbyists have pictured him as a
benefactor in railroad building, etc.
Senator Goebel and the friends of the
repeal bill are losing no time in the fight
for the bill, and will meet every legal and
equitable objection to its passage. The
friends of the bill have so far been on the
aggressive, and the opponents realize they
are totally unable to cope with them in
honest combat before either house, and
have sought the before-mentioned meth
ods as a last resort.
KEPT THE BOOKS SACRED.
Frank McCoppin* Tells How the
Central Pacific Guarded Its
Accounts. '
The policy of refusing to let interested
people examine the books of the Central
Pacific Company was in vogue as far back
as 1863.
When the people of San Francisco voted
to buy $1,000,000 worth of stock in the Cen
tral Pacific and the Western Pacific,
shortly after construction operations be
gan, the Supervisors appointed a commit
tee, consisting of Postmaster Frank Mc-
Coppin, M. Ashbury and H. de la Mon
tanya, to go to Sacramento and look into
the transaction before delivering, the
$1,000,000 worth of City bonds, bearing in
terest at 7 per cent, in payment for that
amount of railroad stock.
When the committee reached Sacra
mento the directors of the roads were
waited upon and Chairman McCoppin in
formed them that the committee was on
hand to look things over before making
final arrangements.
'•We took with us." said Mr. McCoppin
in an interview yesterday, "Jerome Lin
coln, who was to act in the capacity of an
expert accountant and to make a close ex
amination of the books of the company.
We did that as a precautionary measure,
not caring to go into anything* of which
we had no definite knowledge. Our plan
of procedure was 'for our committee to go
up and investigate the workings of the line
that was at that time being built into
Auburn. In the meantime, as we stated
to the directors, it was our desire to have
Mr. Lincoln get at the books and see how
things stood.
"Our hosts repaired to a closed room and
held a consultation, reaching the conclu
sion that no one could examine the ac
counts of the company, and least of all
Mr. Lincoln, in the interests of the people
of San Francisco. -
"We were obliged to return to San
Francisco without the desired informa
tion, no wiser regarding the finances of
the roads than when we started. A con
test then arose over the affair, and the
company insisted upon San Francisco tak
ing the stock and delivering the bonds.
The Supervisors stood six to six, and there
was a deadlock for two years. It was
finally settled by San Francisco having to
pay $600,000 to compromise the whole
matter and call it off. That was the way
the road reached the treasury, and we
never.learned of its condition through its
books. They were then, and are still inac
cessible to inspection. All along they
have stood on their rights on this question",
but we experienced their opposition first."
Mr. McCoppin scouted the idea, as many
others do, that Mr. Huntington was ever
worth $1,000,000 as ne stated, when he
went into railroad- building as a regular
occupation.
A BALD-FACED SWINDLE.
Representative Bowers Tells
Why He Will Fight the
Funding Bill. 7f-
Tactics of Collis P. Huntington in Cal
ifornia That the People Cannot
Forget.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 22.—
Bowers, when asked by The Call corre
spondent regarding his action in case the
funding bill comes up in' the House, said:
. "You may rest assured that should this
bald-faced swindle come up. in this
Congress for consideration I will have
something more to say regarding it and
its promoters.
"Mr. Huntington yesterday notified all
opponents of the funding bill what they
may expect will be their fate when he told
the Senate committee tbat he 'always
hewed to the line and where there were
fingers in the way they were pretty sure
to be cut.' All Californians will recognize
the genuine old Central Pacific flavor of
these words.
"Collis was dreaming of the old days
when he and his colleagues did cut not
only the fingers of those who were in
their way, but cut the life out of any one
who dared to oppose them. From' Cal
ifornia newspapers I learn that the South
ern Pacific is now engaged in build frig a
branch railroad (on paper) into every town
in my district. That's a splendid idea. If
it would only make them of real iron and
wood all the people of Southern California
would become its warm friends just the
same as the people of every other section
of California are where it has come and
they have become intimately acquainted
with it, and Bowers would be turned down
and out. But I warn them that the people
down there won't .be satisfied with the
Carlsonesque variety of railroads any
longer." They have experimented with
them and while they have worked fairly
well while confined exclusively to political
work they have in every instance failed to
work at all in the way of carrying freight
and passengers."
MISSIONARIES IN MOROCCO.
! They Establish an American Institution
After Many Difficulties. ,
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 22.— J. Jud
son Barclay, United States Consul- General
at Tangier, reports to the State Depart
ment that a permanent American mission
has been ' successfully established .after
several difficulties at Mequinez, in the
northern part of Morocco, by the Rev. Mr.
Nathan, the pioneer bead of the Morocco
mission. *
Last October, at Mr. Nathan's request,
Mr. Barclay procured for his party a letter
from the Minister of the Sultan to the
i Governor of Mequinez securing their safe
conduct and demanding a right to remain
in the city and occupy permanent prem
ises.. The Moorish authorities of Mequinez
refused them the privilege of renting a
house unless they would bind themselves
not to stay longer than five months.
They were urged to go into a filthy in
closure and secure safety under the pro
tection of armed guards in a quarter in
fected, with cholera germs. Mr. Barclay
Prevent
Colds, pneumonia and the grip by putting
your system in good order. Those who
are strong and vigorous" have little to fear.
These diseases attack the weak and de-
bilitated. Build up by taking
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
Hnnrt'-c Pi He »re the only pills to take
1 * "."" & \ lllJ> with Hood's S_rs«B_rilla
protested and demanded the rights and
privileges due Americans under the
treaties, and the Minister of the Sultan
promptly complied. ....
Mr Barclay says this concession will
mark an important era in the history of
Morocco, which, it is to be hoped, will be
gin to lose its character as a terra incog
nita to Americans now that the edge of
the wedge of western civilization and
Christianity has entered.
LITTLE TIME TO LOSE
I Suits to Be Commenced by the
Government Against the
Union Pacific.
Large Sections of Land for Which the
Company Has Not Made
Settlement.
OMAHA, . Nebr., Feb. Assistant
United States District Attorney S. R. Rush
has gone to St. Louis to get the permission
of Judge Caldwell, and when he returns it is
expected that he will begin suits against
the Union Pacific Railway Company for
some sections of land which the railway
claims. The first grant made to the Union
Pacific was of every alternate section for
twenty miles on each side of the track, ex
cept a large number of sections which
were either occupied by settlers or had
been secured by some one under the nome
stead or pre-emption acts. Many of these
sections were abandoned or neglected by
tne owners and fell into the hands of the
company and were bought by other set
tlers later from the railroad company.
The ownership of these tracts was con
firmed to the railroad company until
about 18S0, when the Interior Department
decided that the land belonged to the
Government and that the settlers must
get their patents from the Govern
ment and not from the railroads. The
railroad company has fought this de
cision several times, has been beaten, but
nas not settled for the land.
By an act of Congress passed a few years
ago these suits by the Government against
the Union Pacific for the value of these
lands must be begun before March 3, 1896,
and it is thus proposed to begin this suit
now and brine the matter to a settlement.
The amount of the land is not known, but
it is supposed to be many thousands of
acres.
j IHV'Q "What you get at
I_) \J I O Joy's is good."
J SI! combinatTon sale
JUY O It you buy the combination
. you save money.
TOY'S —
Jv *■ ** Paine's Celery Compound. ...so 60
Munyon's Headache Tablet.. 15
lOY'*^ Yosemite Face P0wder....... 50
$1 -.'5
inV'Q Discount _0
$105
JOY'S v -~ -
-"**. SyrupofFlgs $0 35
_^_ _.«_ Allcock's Plaster 10
JOY S JDr * McKenzle ' 8 System Tonic 100
$1 45
JOY'"**"* Discount ' .5
$120
JOY'S =
• Williams' Pink Pills $0 35
lAVJO Scott's Emulsion 65
J\j j O Pinaud's Hair Itestorer. 75 :
.JOY'S Discount for combination. 2a
• tl 50
JOY'S M
Pozzoni Face P0wder. ........ $0 $55
inV'Q Cuticura Soap... ' 16
JU I O Pierre's Extract li 00
J\Jl O Discount for combination/ 25
JOY'S /.^
JOY S • Joy's and Hocy's, 65c :
JOY'S TOY&; ;
JOY ) S BiLDWIi PHARMACY,
JOY O Under Baldwin Hotel,
' Powell and Market Streets.
Guaranteed Pure. "BUCKWHEAT." @
Special No. 2.
£r;gjg Eastern i
vg|| Buck- §
BH wheat, I
HriWP"r"W l_i_i _p 88-B "Wright, 'who (§&
makes it all 2?
rieht under his purity guarantee. QjJ
New fresh goods too; no last rites *f\
about this, although bargain price. I*9
Pleases evervbody. Why write more? f*h
10-lb. bags, " '*^
THIS WEEK ONLY, 3*sc. (&
Here's where you save money by spending. fil_
CEREAL DEPT.. STOKE 416. W
One place in San Francisco where the £5
highest^r-ality and lowest prices are always _5^
assnred^lt Smiths* * (SA
INTRODUCTORY g
PRICES! H
Good Only Until February 20fch. «a
Toboggan Maple Syrup, Ig* $100 a§\
Eastern Buckwheat, pure, 10 lbs 35c >C?
Miners' Best Ground Chocolate, 1 lb. 20c <jfi|
Finest Baltimore Oysters, -lb. tin... ISc jr?
Western Washer, with wringer. £5 00 CjJ
Gold Weignt Pure Spices, "Alt'- 7 10c *a\
Best Table Salt, 50-lb. bag* •• 25c **5
Antonlnl Oil, best imported... 55c QA
Mincing Knife, new style 10c
50-cent Harmonicas, each 25c 'l$
$25 Sewing Machines, each $20 00 A^
25c Goodrich. Dress Shields loc >?
Ladies' Fine Jersey Bib Vests 15c (jjj
Best 9-oz. Duck. Overalls 60c ss\
All WaU Paper, 1896 styles, dis. 331,3c
Largest Western Department _§^
Store. (SA
Smiths* Cash Store,. ©
. 4t4, 416, 41 8 FRONT st- S. F. (ft
THESLCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
—. — OF THE— — -
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPE?* UNTIL MIDXir.HT.*'
Own, floormiUs, foundries Uundrle,,^^
hangup printers, painters, shoe lactone* «___?_.
Ben, ttUMTOOfra, tanner., t*Uora, etc. *****
_,— . „ bochanaST BROS..
. Brui-iManufacturore. 60» SacramonteSU,.TYPHOID-FEVER
CORPSES STOLEN
An Omaha Hospital Ceme
tery Supplies a Dis
secting School.
STARTLING DISCOVERY.
i
Two Bodies Shipped in Trunks
From Council Bluffs to
East Dcs Moines.
TELL-TALE STAMP ON A SHROUD.
Clever Capture by Detectives—Rela
tives Are Horrified Over the
Shocking Outrage.
FAST DES MOINES, lowa, Feb. 22.—
■ George Smith was arrested this morning
for having in his possession checks of two
trunks that were shipped from Council :
Bluffs yesterday afternoon containing one
body each. One Dody was that of a man
aged about forty. The other was that of a
woman of about thirty-five years. The
trunks arrived last evening and attention ,
was called to them by the fact that blood
was dripping out of one of them in the
Rock Island baggage room.
Detectives Jardin and Johnson watched
the depot all night. At 6 o'clock this ;
morning Hackman Weaver presented ',
checks for the trunks. He took them to |
the Drake Medical School, where the bodies j
from graves robbed here recent. were ;
found, arid was arrested while unloading i
them. Smith came up just then and was
arrested also.
The bodies have the appearance of being
those of the better class of people. Much
excitement was occasioned by the dis- |
covery, as feeling already ran high against
the school. The authorities are in com- j
munication with the Council Bluffs au
thorities. -
A inquest was held here to-night over
the bodies of Jacob Heiin and Cora Peter
son, found in two trunks that came from
Omaha last night. The testimony devel
oped very little of importance. Cal
Weaver, a drayman who hauled the bodies
from the depot to the medical college,
stated that Smith, the man arrested for
having the bodies in charge, had engaged
him to do the hauling and told him to •
come to the office of Dr. Wiimot McCarthy
as soon as he had delivered the trunks and
he would be paid. Smith said he would
have money as soon as the bodies were de- ■
livered and that he would get it at Dr. Mc-
Carthy's office. Dr. McCarthy is a mem
ber of the faculty of Drake Medical Col- j
lege, and a prominent local practitioner. I
He is also County Physician.
OMAHA, Nebe., Feb. 22.— 0n the in- ;
formation from Dcs Moines that two j
bodies had been found there which seemed :
to have come from Council Bluffs or i
Omaha, detectives from this city went this
evening to Mount Hope Cemetery, six !
miles north of the city.7 7.':7
This cemetery is used a3 a burying
ground for the bodies from Emanuel Hos- I
pital. The sexton was positive that the j
graves had not been disturbed, but when '
they were uncovered, in spite of the fact !
that they had been apparently left alone, >
it was found that two bodies were missing, '.
one being that of Jacob Heiin, buried from j
Emanuel Hospital, February 2, on whose j
body was a shroud on which the name of j
the hospital was stamped. The other
grave was that of Hanna Larsen, who
died February 17, and was buried last |
Wednesday, the 19. Both died from j
typhoid fever.
The house in which the sexton lives is
about half a mile from the two graves,
which are out of sight owing to a hill. The i
sexton has been there seven years and
bears a good reputation.
It is beiieved here that the man arrested
at Dcs Moines is one of the Burton gang.
The description fits one William Glasgow,
who has had one trial for highway rob
bery, or it may be Stanley Claycomb, who !
was arrested for a grave robbery about two
or three years ago, but who was discharged
for lack of evidence. Heiin was a cousin
of a leading tailor here and the woman
was well known. The relatives are much
wrought up over the affair.
GRAVE ROBBERS INDICTED.
Arrest of Medical Men for the Daring
B Theft of Bodies.
TOPEKA, Ka>*3., Feb. 22.— The Grand
Jury which in obedience to popular
clamor was summoned in Shawnee County
at the time of the recent grave robberies
near Topeka, yesterday afternoon turned
in twenty-eight indictments. Among
them are four against M. E. Lowe, Louis
Duncan, S. A. Johnson and Dr. A. W.
Vanman for grave robbery.
Lowe is charged with taking the bodies
from the graves and the other three with
guilty knowledge. All have been arrested
and nave given bail. Among other arrests
on the warrant of the Grand Jury's indict
ments was Dr. J. E. Minny, dean of the
Topeka Medical School, charged with com
plicity in the grave robberies.
Eight Graves Robbed.
UNIONVILLE, Mo.. Feb. 22.-The resi
dents of Lemons Station, near here, are
wrought up to the lynching point over
the discovery that ghouls had robbed
eight grave, in the local cemetery. One
of the bodies stolen in that of the mother
in-law of County Clerk G. W. Houston 1 of
this city. A warrant has been issued for
the arrest of one man.
WANT THEIR MONEY BACK.
Some of the Subscribers for the Big Fight
Are Dissatisfied.
EL PASO, Tex.. Feb. 22.-There has
been a big row on during the day over the
amount subscribed by the citizens of El
Paso to have the Fitzsiirimons fight in this
vicinity. Some few of the subscribers
claim the ring was not pitched in this
vicinity and therefore their money should
be paid back, but the majority say the in
tent of the contract was carried out by
Dan Stuart and that he should have the
money. The committee has about decided
to hold back $1500 to square with those
who claim the return of their subscription
and pay the rest to Stuart. The garnish
ment served upon Stuart, O'Rourke and
the State National Bank on the 13th, at
the instance of Jimmie Carroll, did not
deter Fitzsimmons from . getting his
money. Siler was the man who handed
over to Julian the certified checks for the
winner, which were indorsed by Stuart
and Tom O'Rourke, and Julian had no
trouble in securing New \ork exchange
and cash in the place of them.
GENTLEMAN JIM FURIOUS.
He Will Make Any Sacrifice for a Chance
v at the Australian.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. Ex-champion
Corbett unburdened his mind in the .fol
lowing language to-night when he was
told that Fitzsimmons had said he refused
to make a match with him:
"Fitzsimmons' attitude is just what I
expected. You could not pull Fitzsim
mons into the ring with me with a team of
horses. I tried to get him there before and
failed, because Fitzsimmons never wanted
to fight me. He is too much of a coward.
I am so disgusted with his attitude that to
I get him into a fight I am willing to make
I any sacrifice.
'•I will fight him anywhere and at any
j time. Fitzsimmons is going to sneak out
' of the country, where he cannot be got at
or heard from. It was because of my
j disgust at being unable to get a fight with
Fitzsimmons that I threw up the cham
pionship to Maher. Maher refused to ac
! cept it without a fight, and left it in my
I hands; but allowing for the sake of argu
; ment that Fitzsimmons is champion, I
now challenge him and leave my money
up. If he does not accept in a reasonable
: time he will lose the title,' even if he holds
it now." ■
FITZ TAUNTS CORBETT.
The Ex- Ch'cimpion Advised to "Go and
Get a Reputation."
EL PASO, Tex.. Feb. 22.— "1 shall com
pletely ignore Corbett," said Fitzsimmons
to-night. "It was $1000 American money
to 1 cent in Mexican coin that Pompadour
Jimmie would get in his oar just as he has.
I shall treat him as though he was one of
those Chihuahua pups that Julian bought.
I shall use Charlie Mitchells phrase: 'Tell
him to go get a reputation.' Let him
whip Maher or Joe Choynski before he
opens his head to me. Both want to fight
him, and I think either can lick him.
This much I shall insist upon: He must
whip Maher or Choynski before he gets
into the ring with me."
Both men left for the East to-night.
Maher claims not to have been in condi
tion for the fight, but thinks he had the
best of it up to the knock-out blow. Quinn
says he will continue to back Maher, being
still confident that he is able to meet the
best fighters.
Editors in Convention at Dallas, Tex.
DALLAS, Tex., Feb. 22.— National
Reform Press Association opened its con
vention here to-day in conjunction with
the Texas Reform Press. Mayor Frank P.
Holland delivered the add ressof welcome,
which was replied to by the Hon. Charles
X. Matthews of Indianapolis, Ind. Rep
resentatives from all the Western and
Southern States were present. Hon. H.
E. Taubeneck, chairman of the Populist
National Executive Committee, addressed
the editors this evening.
Broke His Own Skating-Rink Record.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. Joseph
Donoghue skated two miles (twelve laps
to the mile) in 7:24 2-5 at the Casino here
to-night. His previous world's rink rec
ord was 7:44';,, made at Washington, D. C.
Donoghue also hold, the open-air record —
6:23 1-5.
A HARD-FOUGHT BUTTLE
Solly Smith and Johnny Lavack
Win Even Honors in Fifteen
Rounds.
A Skillful Contest That Gave Great
Satisfaction to Two Thousand
People.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 22.— Johnny Lav- '
■ ack of Saginaw, Mich., and Solly Smith of
! Los Angeles, Cal., fought fifteen rounds to
I a draw to-night at the West Newton-
I street Armory in the presence of about
; 2000 people. It was one of the hardest
; fought battles seen in Boston for some
■ time, and the decision gave much satis
-1 faction. Both men were in excellent con
j dition, and from start to finish they
I fought every minute. Lavack was sec
! onded by George Walcott and Truesdale,
! while Smith had in his corner Denny
; Murphy of New York and Jimmy Kelly.
Captain Bill Daly acted as referee.
In the first round Lavack opened with
a rush for Smith. Smith clinched. When
I they got away each made a rush for the
other and Smith landed heavily on
Lavack's neck. The round closed with
both sparring.
In the second round, as soon as the bell
rang, they made another rush, minting up.
Both sparred cautiously and Smith landed
his left on Lavack's stomach, while the
latter responded with a right on the neck.
Smith landed a heavy right upper-cut on
Lavack's jaw.
In the third round it was evident that
both were good fighters. Both clinched,
Lavack following his opponent into his
corner, but did not land his right swing.
Smith landed a swift left on Lavack's jaw
and followed with another on the stomach.
Lavack landed a right, on Smith's jaw.
Both clinched and struck each other in the
ribs. The round closed with both men in
a "clinch.
In the fourth round Lavack landed his
left on Smith's jaw. Smith followed La
vack- into a corner and gave him a right
swing on the neck. Smith got in an upper
cut at short ranee.
In the fifth and sixth rounds Smith got j
LavacK in a corner and sent his right on \
his opponent's jaw. Smith drew first
blood from Lavack s nose.
The seventh round was opened by Smith
with a right hand on Lavack's jaw. La
vack clinched with his arms about Smith's
neck, and was squeezing when ordered to
break. " Ay
The eighth 'round found both doing
clever guard work at the opening. Lavack
landed three lefts on Smith's jaw.
In the ninth round Lavack got his oppo
nent against the ropes, landing a heavy
right that put him on his knees.
In the tenth round Smith landed a
straight left. on Lavack's face and blood
began to flow from a'cut over Smith's eye.
In the eleventh round they mixed and
each got in two hard lefts on the face.
In the twelfth, thirteenth and fourteenth
rounds both worked hard, but did not get
in any effective blows. •.
During the fifteenth round the men
landed right and left on each other's face
and body. Smith had forced Lavack
toward the end of the round, and for a
minute it looked as tnough there would be
a decision, but the bell prevented it.
The referee declared the contest a draw
MANUFACTURERS DEFIANT.
Will Not Submit the Grievances of Strikers
to Arbitration.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 22.-The clothing
manufacturers practically refused to-day
to submit the strike of their. cutters and
'trimmers to the State Board of Arbitra
tion. The employers say they will not
listen to any overtures from the strikers.
The union men marched in separate*
bodies to the factories this morning and
received. , the wa-*-es due them.- The union
maintains a numerous picket line at all
the shops, and says it has prevailed on
nearly all men brought from other cities
to return or ; join the union.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
ANGER AMONG
THE GERMANS.
Bitter Quarrels Are Waged
Between the Opposing
Factions.
HOSTILITY IN POLITICS.
Socialists Openly Insult the Min
ister of War in the
Reichstag.
OTHER RUDE SPEECHES MADE.
' Elaborate Programme Arranged for
the Celebration of the Foundation
of the Empire.
BERLIN. Germany, Feb. 22.— The Freis
sinnige and Democratic press of Berlin
i have published very flattering criticisms
j of the speech delivered by Prince Kohen
i lohe, the imperial Chancellor, upon the oc
j casion of the Bundesrath banquet Thurs
day evening, in the course of which he
! dwelt upon the events leading up to the
foundation of the empire. The Chancel
lor characterized the action of the King of
; Prussia in taking the lead as an agitator
to promote the reconsolidation of the
; German empire by a proclamation as a
' national movement which had essentially
assisted the events of 1870.
The old Democrats and ex-refugees will
j undoubtedly be proud to hear the highest
official of the new empire praise their
, wort, but the Chancellor's speech is almost
I the only pleasant incident of the entire
j field of politics, which has now assumed a
more angry character than has ever been
known since the creation of the empire.
Even within such compact parties as the
: Centrists and the Socialists there are m
; ternicine quarrels a great deal more bit
j ter than the hostility which obtains be
■ tween the opposing groups. Nevertheless
: the latter feeling is increasing rapidly, as
I is evidenced by the wrangle in the Reichs
tag the other day when the Socialist Dep
uty Siadthagen called out in a loud voice
' to General Bronsat yon Schellendorf, Min
i ister of War: "You are unworthy of pay
; ment, even as a circus clown," this ex
pression being followed by a shout from
Deputy Frohme (Socialist), who said:
I "You would better stay away from the
j Reichstag altogether."
These exhibitions of rudeness, however,
1 are trivial as compared with the wild
: scenes at the agrarian mass-meeting held
at the circus Busch on "Wednesday. The
meeting was attended by 2000 farmers and
: whenever the speakers made an insulting
; allusion to any of the members of the
Ministry or their immediate predecessors
the audience would set up howls of ap
proval and shouts of delight. The men
tion of ex-Chancellor Caprivi's name was
I received with a yell of "Schweinhund"
i (a filthy person).
On the other hand a telegram from
I the prominent Austrian Deputy, Herr
I yon Schroenerer, sending greetings across
the frontier and asking, "When will
this miserable Bismarckless period end?"
was received with tremendous shouts of
applause. One speaker in the course of
; his remarks said: "The golden feet of the
throne are cackling and reeling, but they
; will stand firm when they are imbedded
in the groundwork of the German peas
antry." 777-/7
Reference made by one of the speakers
' to the Emperor's comments upon Count
. Kanitz's grain-monopoly proposal, charac
j terizing it as "simply usury in bread
i stuffs," was the signal for prolonged hisses
', and groans. Nobody even attempted to
argue calmly the facts of the agrarian
problem and as far as any good was done
; the meeting might as well not have been
held.
A council of the Aldermen of the em
pire have succeeded after long and diffi
cult negotiations in framing a programme
for. the celebration of the foundation of
j the empire, which will secure the attend
i ance of the representatives of all the po
i litical parties except socialists.
The occasion will be celeDrated by a
grand banquet on March 21 in the hall of
the Reichstag. * Baron yon Buol-Baren
i berg, president of the Reichstag, will toast
the Emperor; Herr Schmidt, first vice
president, will toast the empire; Herr
Spahnn, second vice-president of the
Reichstag, will toast the guests, and Herr
yon Levetzow, ex-president of the Reich-
I stag, will toast Prince Bismarck. The
i suggestion of the latter toast came very
| near wrecking the whole function, neither
the Centrists, the Freisinniges nor the
Yolks partei being willing to have the
praises of Prince Bismarck sung in the
Reichstag.
Eventually Herr yon Levetzow prepared
his toast in advance and worded it so mod
erately and inoffensively that the object
ing parties agreed after being somewhat
| further urged that it would be lamentable
to celebrate before the entire world the
j foundation of the empire without making
I a mention of Prince Bismarck.
The Foreign Office and the Ministry of
| Commerce are actively co-operating with
the object of obtaining a greater share of
the trade from Japan .Germany. A
German commercial journal is to be pub
lished in the Japanese language, the aim
of which will be to make German mer
chandise known to the Japanese. The
paper will be printed in Berlin and circu
lated throughout Japan gratis. In addi
tion to this a German commission will be
sent in behalf of the several German cham
bers of commerce to China and Japan for
the purpose of studying the conditions of
the trade in those countries with a view of
j supplying accurate information thereof to
| the German manufacturers and shippers.
John B. Jackson, United States Charge
I d'Affaires, entertained the American :col
ony in Berlin at his official residence this
afternoon in honor of Washington's birth
day. The Washington's birthday banquet
which was; to have been * held in the
Reichof Hotel has been postponed until
February 25, when it will be held in the
i Kaiserhof Hotel. , The I banquet will be
furnished by the American colony and the
proceeds devoted to charity. The German-
American Washington Club celebrated
the day in their quarters in the Jaeger
strasse. under the supervision of J. F.
Eckstein, the president of the club.
The Empress received Mrs. Runyon,
widow of Hon. Theodore Runyon, late
United States Embassador to Germany,
on February 19. Mrs. Runyon called at
the palace to thank . her Majesty for her
kindness and sympathy, and also for the
purpose of taking leave of the Empress in
a formal way. It was at that time Mrs.
Runyon's intention to return home in May
or June, but yielding to the desire of her
daughters she is now thinking of remain
ing permanently in Berlin. Mrs. Run
yon's married daughter, "Mrs. Haskins, is
so pleased with Berlin as a place of resi
dence that she expects that her husband
upon his return from America, whither he
went with the body of Mr. Runyon, will
take up his permanent abode here. The
Empress presented Mrs. Runyon with
signed photographs of herself and the
Emperor. The Kaiser visited Mrs. Run
yon at her rasidence on February 20. .
DENIED BY THE PRESIDENT.
Krxtger Says the Transvaal Will Not De
clare Independence.
LONDON, Esq., Feb. 22.— A Pretoria dis
patch to a news agency here contains an
interview with President Kruger in which
he denounces as a "malignant falsehood"
the dispatch from Pietermaritzburg to the
Natal Times stating that the South African
Republic would, on February 27. the occa
sion of the fifteenth anniversary of the
Boers' triumph over the British forces
under General Colley. at Majuba Hill, pro
claim its independence.
President Kruger, the dispatch states,
further said that it was his firm belief
that the . dispatch to the Times was circu
lated for the purpose of creating a bad
feeling, and asserts that the Transvaal was
never quieter than at present.
MONETARY QUESTION ABROAD.
Germany and Great Britain Cannot
Reach an Understanding.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 22.— 1n the
Reichstag to-day Freiherr Marschal yon
Bieberstein, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
said in reply to a question by Count yon
Mirbach that the statement made in the
British House of Commons on Thursday
by Mr. Balfour, First Lord of the Treas
ury, that it was not true that Germany
had approached Great Britain with a view
to the conclusion of a monetary agree
ment between the two countries "did not
agree with Lord Salisbury's answer to the
communication of Count yon Hatzieldt,
German Embassador to Great Britain,
made on February 5. He then read the
communication.
At the conclusion of the reading Count
yon Knrdoff, the bimetallist champion,
emphasized the fact that the communica
tion was worded directly contrary to the
resolution adopted by the Reichstag last
year and was thus worded in order to an
ticipate England's declining to take part
in an international congress.
WON BY THE LIBERALS
John Morley and Sir Francis
Evans Elected to the
Commons.
Two Vacant Seats That Were Not
Secured Without a Lively
Struggle.
LONDON, E.\g.. Feb. 22.— election
in the Montrose Burghs to fill the vacancy
in the House of Commons caused by the
retirement of J. S. Will (Libera!) took
place to-day and resulted in the return of
the Right Hon. John Morley, who was
Chief Secretary for Ireland in the last
Gladstone Cabinet. In the last general
election Mr. Morley stood in Newcastle
upon-Tyne, but he was swept under by
the great Unionist wave which carried that
party into power with a majority of 152.
The vote to-day stood: Mr. Morley 4565,
Mr. John Wilson (Unionist) 2572. Liberal
majority 1193.
At the last election Mr. Wills' majority
was 1132. This Mr. Morley has increased
by 861, although a stout fight was made
against him on the ground that he was
nothing if not a supporter of home rule
for Ireland and had no interest in affairs
relating to Scotland, where the Montrose
Burghs are situated. The district includes
Montrose, Arbroth, Bechin and Bervie.
The Parliamentary election in South
ampton that was necessitated by the un
seating of Tankerville Chamberlayne,
Independent Conservative, who was un
seated on a technicality of having violated
the corrupt practices act, has resulted in
the Liberals winning the seat.
There were three candidates in the field,
Sir Francis Evans, who stood in the Lib
eral interests; Mr. Candy, Q. C, who rep- 1
resented the Conservatives, and Mr. Gib
son, Independent Labor. The vote was as
follows: Sir Francis Evans, 5552; Mr.
Candy, 5522: Mr. Gibson, 273. Evans' ma
jority over Candy, 30.
At the general election Mr. Chamber
layne's majority over Sir Francis Evans,
who was then a candidate, was 743. At
that time there were five candidates for
the seat— Conservative, Liberal-Unionist,
Liberal and two Labor men.
Opening of the Venezuelan Congress.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 22.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Caracas,
Venezuela, says: The session of the Vene
zuelan Congress opened yesterday. General
Velutini was chosen President of the
Senate and the House elected General
Modesto Gallejos President. General Velu
tini, in his speech upon taking the chair,
dwelt upon the importance of the work be
fore the Senate and Congress.
General Gallejos said the justice of Vene
zuela's contention in the boundary dispute
with Great Britain 1 ad won the sympathy
of all America, and the generous mediation
of the great Republic to the north assured
the triumph of the right.
Shot by the Instructor.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Feb. 22.— Mr.
Mulct, instructor of the Buque Excuela at
Talcahuana, recently shot and killed a
young man named Jose Dolores Solar.
According to one version of the affair they
had a quarrel in frontof the parish church
and both pulled out revolvers with the re
sult that Solar was shot, the ball entering
his breast, and he died about three-quar
ters of an hour after the occurrence.
Mulct was apprehended and lodged in
prison.
Revolution Predicted in Colombia.
NEW YORK, N.Y., Feb. 22.— A cable
dispatch from Panama says: In an inter
view a prominent merchant of Nicaragua,
who arrived from Central America yester
day," predicts revolution at an early date
against President Zelaya.; Nearly all the
Cabinet Ministers have resigned. Fran
cisco Baca has been named Minister of War
and the Interior and Jose . Madriz and
Callejas Foreign and Finance Ministers
respectively.' - * - '.
Cannot fie Suppressed.
PANAMA, Colombia, Feb. 22.—Presi
dent Barrios of Guatemala on January 28
notified Spain's representative that * that
country could not comply with his re
quest to suppress the revolutionary propa
ganda in favor of the Cubans, when it was
made within the law.
.4 Loan to Guatemala.
PANAMA, Colombia, Feb. 22.— The
President of the Republic of Guatemala is
at present considering a proposition made
by a representative of a Ham burg house
to loan tne Government $5,000,000 for im
provements on the port of San Jose.
TACOMA SCORES
ANOTHER VICTORY.
Ex-Treasurer McCauley Is |
Declared Guilty of
Malfeasance.
SENT TO JOIN BOGGS.
Convicted by a Jury of Enriching
Himself at the Expense
of the City.
EXCEEDED HIS PERQUISITES.
While in Office He Derived a Princely
Income by Placing Public Funds
Out at Interest.
TACOMA, Wash. .Feb. 22.-Ex-City Treas
urer J. W. McCauley was to-day convicted
of utilizing public funds to his own profit
by drawing interest on the city's money j
deposited in the Columbia National Bank, j
now defunct. It . was proved that Mc- i
Cauley placed sums ranging from $60,000
to $160,000 in this institution, and that he
derived a princely income by so doing.
The case went to the jury last night and
the verdict was reached after several hours
of deliberation.
As the finding of the jury was read all eyes
were turned in sympathy toward the little
woman who sat by the defendant's side,
but, though she paled visibly, she bore up
bravely and gave her husband a look of
sympathy.
After directing the Sheriff to take Mc-
Cauley in charge the court intimated to
his attorneys that the bail would have to
be increased from $5000 to $10,000, as ex-
Treasurer Boggs' bail was $10,000 and he
would have to treat both alike. Incon
sequence McCauley will have to go to jail
and keep company with George W. Boggs,
who, unable to secure sureties, has spent
several months in a prison cell. On Mon
day McCauley's attorneys will be ready to
argue two motions— one for a new trial
and one in arrest of judgment. Should
they be denied notice of appeal will be
given. T-7 : T'T.
The jury on the first vote stood seven to
five for conviction and it was late at night
before a conclusion was reached.
SACRAMENTO MYSTERY.
The Body of R. Winslow. the Long-Missing
Commercial Traveler, Found
in the River.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 22.— The
body of R. Winslow, one of the best known
commercial travelers on the coast, was
found floating in the river, near the foot
of N street, this afternoon. He has been
missing for over two months, and at the
time of his disappearance it was feared
that he had committed suicide, as he was
drinking heavily and had several times
made threats of ending his life. There is
no evidence of foul play about the body,
which has been preserved to a certain ex
tent by the coldness of the water.
MISSION STATION WRECK
Southern Pacific Passenger Train
Runs Into an Open.
• Switch.
One Man Is Terribly Mangled and the
Cars Are Telescoped and \ .
Damaged.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 22.—South
ern Pacific train .6, from Pasadena, com
posed of two cars, broke through the
switch at Mission station, near Naud
Junction, at 9:40 o'clock this morning,
seriously injuring one man and badly
wrecking the cars.
The train was running, according to the
statement of a passenger, at a rate of
twenty-five miles an hour when it struck
the switch. Whether the switch was left
open by the tower-man or was thrown by
the engine is not known, but the locomo
tive took the siding, tearing away the
front truck of the next car, a combination
baggage and smoking car, but allowing it
to remain on the main track. The next
coach followed the engine onto the siding
and telescoped with tne tender, badly
damaging both.
A negro who was standing on the front
steps of the passenger coach was terribly
mangled, one leg being entirely cut off and
the other badly crushed. Harry Brown
son, the baggage-master, received a bad
cut on the head. Those who were on the
two cars were considerably shaken, though
no one was injured. Both the fireman
and engineer jumped from the cab and
neither was hurt.
SAVED BY HER STRUGGLES.
Desperate Attempt of a Drxtnken Man to
Murder His Wife.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 22.— M. P.
Foster to-day made a desperate attempt
to kill his wife at his home at 1622 New
North Main street, and in the struggle
which followed shot her through the left
hand and also sent a bullet through hi.
own left hand.
Foster had been drinking heavily for the
past few days. During that time he and
his wife quarreled a great deal. He be
came enraged and, securing his pistol, an
old-fashioned iJS-cali.er weapon, rushed at
her. Mrs. Foster grappled with him just
as he pointed the gun directly at her and
she seized it and received a painful wound
in the hand. Passers-by rushed in just in
time to relieve her before she was again
overpowered.
Placerville Gets a Daily.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., : Feb. Placer
ville revels in the luxury of a daily paper.
The first issue made its appearance to
day. It will be known as the Placerville
Daily Nugget. The Daily Nugget will for
ward the *. interests of -El Dorado County
mining in particular, but will not forget
the fruit industry. It will be Republican
in politics. . The publishers are H. H.
Walling and R. V. Robertson, young men
of ability and energy.;j"7-T^TT
Death of a Chico Pastor.
CHICO. Cal., Feb. 22. — Rev. J, E.
Barnes died at his home in this t city
Thursday./ He was a native of Kentucky,
aged 68 and came to California in 1853.
For a *■ long : time he was ; pastor of the
Baptist Church of this place. He leaves a
widow, three daughters and three sons.
__ _^_^_^^, NEW TO-DAY.
§_£_£& \_\ *^_hk
3 CJ/Y M OSY 7<S£ «l/etJ Ttrtf — ££_!. j
m- \i\ °* y > i r ~* J & •*■•*!-• *&■* l ° rj> %s& ft
"*- v AfOJ?£ £/ycii " / *o«e*ofi\crrHoxEFufr'«M<. M I
L/P3T „r/Q r^M^k-*>'/Q ir w s /f\
SJMgg§feS.7
PROPOSED AND ACCEPTED.
This being leap year and we're just four years and a day old, we'll make a proposi-
tion and we know you'll gladly accept it, that of continuing to the end of this month
our $9 Challenge. We know it's going to cause a whole lot of good feeling: we know
it's going to cause a whole lot of anguish to our competitors, because we intended to
call this sale off Saturday night, and they hailed the calling off of the same with de-
light. :*T-T .".Ti-
lt was a Challenge; we placed behind our massive panes lines of $18, $17, $16 and
$15 Suits, and in order to demonstrate to the buying public who are the true bargain-
givers of San Francisco, we said to our competitors, now put up a like line of goods,
as high in character, as fine in texture, as cleverly tailored, an equal assortment of
truly seasonable garments at
=$9.00==
_ They have neither put up, but they have completely shut up, showing their ina-
bility to meet the big store's prices, the big store's styles, the big store's high character
of goods. .This sale has been the town talk; it's on the lips of everyone; it'sdiscussed
in all the mercantile houses, in all the banking houses, at the clubs, at the theaters,
wherever people are congregated and clothes furnish the topic of conversation, you'll
hear of the big store's Challenge Saie at $9, and you'll hear it from people who have
taken advantage of this great opportunity of getting high-class garments at such a
small price. Till the end of the month we'll continue it, that is, if the assortment
holds out that long. . /"A'7
We have added many of our very newest and choicest Spring garments to make
the assortment complete'till then. :• 7
\J V IWf
"'fpy • wil
I Above you see about as pretty a cutaway
as tailors can possibly make; it's built on
very fashionable lines, and every detail as
to fashion and good tailoring is observed
in the make up of this garment.
It's 6hown in those fine Black Clay
Worsteds, the best grades, excellently ,
lined and trimmed ; tailors wouldn't think j
of making a like garment under $40; the i
same in grays; the same in neat mixtures; I
the same in Single-Breasted Sacks; the I
same in Double-Breasted Sacks; all new 7
garments, made up in Spring '96 fashions. ' ;
in Spring '96 fabrics,' in Spring '96 styles.
In the Challenge just for six days more, -
if the assortment will hold out that long, at :
-$9.00- |
RAPfiSiU^
(INCORPORATED). , [ '
V
You'll be sorry and so will we when this
Challenge Sale is declared off. You sorry,
because you can't keep going on forever
buying clothes at the price; we sorry, be-
cause we can't always be selling goods that
way. .
Above we show an awfullv clever Over-
coat, made and built by skfiled tailors, in
blues, blacks, tans andbrowns, in medium
and heavy weight., all new Spring gar-
ments; some made with velvet collars;
most of them have silk and satin sleeve
linings; awfully clever Overcoats, but just
for six days more, if the aesortment will
hold out that long, at
--$9.00—
THE -FRIoCO BOYS,
9 11,13, 15 Kearny St
34
GUARD SHOOT
AT SACRAMENTO
Musician Thomas Ajlax of
the Eighth Wins the
Medal.
PRIVATE WALSH SECOND
Both the Gold and the Silver
Trophies Will Go to the
Same Regiment.
RESULT /WITH THE PISTOLS.
Sergeant Farrar of Troop B Heads the
List With Forty-Seven
Points.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 22.—Musi
cian Thomas Ajax of .the old Eighth
Infantry is the champion rifle shot of the
National Guard of California, having won
that honor and the gold medal at the
championship shoot in Sacramento to
day. Private E. E. Walsh of the same
regiment won the silver medal by. making
the same score, 46 points, Ajax having
Creedmoored him. It is possible that, on J
their own ranges, there are many of those ;
who contested to-day who are capable of j
making even a greater number of points
than did the winner in to-day's contest,
and there was some little complaint be
cause the oval of the targets were slightly
favorable to a right pull shot.
Colonel George B. Sperry, inspector-gen
eral of rifle practice on Governor Budd's
staff, supervised the contest. He was as
sisted by Captain Sutliff of the First In
fantry and Lieutenant E. S. Heller of the
Fifth Infantry as range officers, Lieu
tenant H. W. Rivett of the Second In
fantry and Lieutenant Basher of the Sixth
Infantry as scorers, and Lieutenant Eaton \
of the Sixth Infantry and Lieutenant j
Pirkey of the Second Infantry at the butts. j
Of the entire number of participants who
were entitled to compete, over 75 per cent
were present, several of whom came from ;
the southern portion qi the State. The j
distance shot over was 200 yards, and the i
rifle used was the Springfield 45-caliber.
The score follows:
Captain Warren Sexton, Eighth Infantry 43
Lieutenant H. M. Fields, Second T 41
Private Man ville. Kigbth 42 ;
Private Kurtz. Kighth. 41 ,
Sergeant W. Webster, Kighth 43 '
Corporal C. C. Hoovis, Eighth 44 •
Sergeant Martin. Second 40 !
Musician T. Ajax, Eighth 46 ;
Private H. H. Taher. K'.ghl". 45
Private Mauser. Eighth 4.
Corporal Waldron, Eighth 39 I
Private E. E. Walsh. Eighth 46 !
Corporal J. Vf. Giblin. Eighth .'44
Private W. W. .chaeiier, Eighth 37
Corporal F. Howerto.-i. Second 42
Private T.J. Johnson. Eighth 43 ;
Corporal Kbrenpfort, Third 43 i
Private Moul ton. Fifth :... 45 i ■
Corporal E_rocfcel, Sixth 41 t
Sergeant Boyen, Fifth ;.. .42
Sergeant-Major J. <*. Lee, Second ....44 '
Lieutenant Adell, Filth 36 i
Private Barr, Eight "...; 38 I
Corporal Nutting, Second 12 i
Musician Isaksen, First 42
Corporal Carroll, Third .....40 j
Sergeant Roberts, Eighth '. "...40
Private Kelley, Third 40
Private Hanford, Second '. 42
Lieutenant Hughes, .second 39 I
Sergeant Smith, Fifth 43 1
Captain Forbes. Eighth 42 j
Sergeant Wamble, Second 38 '
Private Brooks. Eighth __
Private Parks, Eighth 35
Private Greeley. Eighth 42
Private Perry." First 44
Private Downer, Eight h. 42
Sergeant Danforth, Eighth 44
Sergeant Dixon. Fifth 41
Private Cuttii g, Second '.. ..* ....42 '
Private McGee, Eighth 41
Private Dawson, Fifth 45 j
Captain Shoemaker, Second 41 i
Private itobinson, Fifth 43 i
Fr . vate Bounds, Second ...42 I
Sergeant Brown, Third 44 |
Private H. M. Walsh, Eighth 37
Private Castar. Eighth 42
Private Howard, Eighth 43 i
Private Edson, Second 40 !
Private Jones, Fifth 88.1
Sergeant Pendleton, First .....39 I
Private Thoniason, Eighth 40 i
Pr.vate Show-alter. 5ec0nd.*.".. .„.:.. 42
Sergeant Feun, First 40
Private .Meyer, First *.. T. 41
Sergeant Strsanous, Eighth 40
Private Herman, Second ...42 ;
Sergeant Bessey, Second ; T. 34 :
Corporal smithsoa. First .....39
Sergeant Clark, Eighth 36
The match with pistols was won by Ser
geant G. Farrar of Troop B, Captain 11. A.
Wegener of the Second Brigade second.,
The score follows:
Lieutenant A. A. Borlini, Fifth 43'
Lieutenant ■'. S. Heller, Firth .13
Colonel Cut brie, second 41
Lieutenant-Color.el 11. J. Burns, retired....".".... 37
Captain J. K. Klein, retired 42
Serjeant O. J. Boden, Troop B !.•_■_
lieutenant A. J. Plant, Second 43 ;
Captain H. A. Wegener. Second Brigade -14
Major W. 1. Wallace, retired 33
Sergeant A Farrar, Troop B ......7.7.47
Corporal Steigler, Troop B ." 42
ON VALLEJO'S GRIDIJIO_\.
The Farraguts Witt From the St. Mary's
College Eleven.
VALLEJO, Cal.. Feb. 22.— The greatest
game of football ever seen on the Vallejo l
gridiron took place this afternoon in the
presence of a thousand, spectators. The
game was between the St. Mary's College
team of Oakland unci Farragut Club of this
city. It was won by the Farraguts by a score
of 14 to 0.
The game was called promptly at 1:30 !
o'clock with George P. Burnap as ur- i
pire, Joseph Walsh as referee/Joseph!
Daly linesman and E. McGettigan as as
sistant linesman. The Farragut won the
toss and took the kick off. ;
Huff got the ball, but was downed on
the five-yard line. The Farraguts ad
vanced the pigskin about, ten yards and
lost it on downs. The Farraguts forced
the ball through McSorley and Mcllugh
and Corcoran finally gained the ball on a
fumble. After two end run's without ap
preciable gain McGuire punted the ball
into touch. -JBjfi^g
Hanlon made good gains around left end
for St. Mary's College, going down under
a magnificent tackle by McEnery. The
visitors tried a punt, which was cleverly
blocked, Scully getting; the ball. He tried
an end run. but was tackled in splendid
style by Mclsaac. Before another play
the time was up for the first half, with the
line with repeated bucks by Scully and
McGuire, the latter getting the touchdown
in just ten minutes of play. McGuire
missed the goal. "jC
On the next fcickoff Coombs got the ball
for the Farraguts. who carried the ball for
ward by end plays and line-breaking for
50 yards, when they, lost it on down.
The St. Mary's advanced the ball steadily
through end runs by Hanlon.
In the second half Cooney kicked off for
St. Mary's to Corcoran, who gained 25
yards and fumbled. O'Hara secured it
and was downed. Scully, Maguire and
McEnery went through the line-repeated I v
for 32 yards. . McEnery went , around .the
end, and the three backs alternately went
through the line for 41 yards. Scully went
through again, and was carried over tor a
touchdown. McGuire missed the goal
again.
Cooney kicked oft to McGuire, who
forced the ball bade twenty yards. Mc-
Guire and McEnery kicked the line for
twenty yards, when the Oakland eleven
made a stand and got the ball . on downs.
Hanlon went around ritrht end for. eight
yards, aided by splendid interference, and
McSorley went through the line for hue.
McSorley went around right end for five
yards. Hanlon made an end run anu was
forced into touch. McSorley went around
left end and Hanlon bucked the line for
five yards. Han ion tried to run around
right end and lost the ball on a fumble,
Hovt getting it. The three Farragut backs
went through the line in turn, gaining
eighceen yards. Coombs went around
right end for twelve yards. A double pass,
Corcoran to McGuire, gained eight yards.
Scully went through for six yards. The
two halfbacks bucked the line for seven
yards and Corcoran gained three yards on
an end run. Foully bucked again for four
yards and McEnery weut around right end
for six-yards. Scully bucked the center
and was carried across for another touch
down, from which McGuire kicked a goal.
Score, 14 to 0. , ■'/ -■%
The ball was put into play again, but be
fore either side could score the whistle
blew for the end of the game.
Loud cheers were jriven in honor of the
St. Mary's, who heretofore I have proved
victors in games played with theFarra
guts. ../• . *. ■ /. :
SANTA MONICA RACES.
Cycling Contests at the Recently Opened
'. 4/: Southern Pacific. Park.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Feb. 22.— The
bicycle meet here at the Southern Pacific
track drew a large attendance. In the
class B races only members of the Steams
racing team were competitors. •
The first race on the programme was a
one-mile military novice race, with the
following starters: William G. Tuthill,
A. C. F. Dee, ,C. F. Wilcox, Lester Kav
anaugh, Earl G.Glenn, J. D. Loudermilk,
William H. Schnedding.W. E. Harmon and
E. C. Van Buskirk. The ! race was run in
heats, Kavanaugh winning the. first in
2:43 4-5; 'Glenn the second in 2:49; Wilcox
the third and the race in 3:09 3-5.
The second event on the programme was
a one-third mile post, class B, with six
starters J. M. Campbell, W. J. Edwards,
E. Winsett, IT E. Schef.ki, Earl H. Kiser
and W. Hatton. Schefski won, Kiser sec
ond, Hatton third. Time, :45.
The third event, a one-mile post, class B,
had as starters Arthur Griftin, M. A. Case
nave, Frank Cotv, B. D. Parker, Charles
E. Torey, Earl Glenn, C. G. Robbins,
Will Evans, J. D. Loudermilk, W. E. Har
mon and Fritz Lacy. Lacy won all three
la; easily. Time, 2:30 4-5. .
The one-mile post class B had Hatton,
Schefski, Kiser, "Edwards and Campbell as
starters. Hatton won, Kiser second, Schef
ski third. Time 2:15 3-5.
The starters in the one-mile handicap,
class A, were handicapped as follows: ' C.
E. Patterson, 150 yards; Earl G. Glenn, J.
D. Loudermilk and J. R. Schafer, 125
yards; Frank Coty, M. A. Casenave,
Charles E. Tory and L. Lawton, 75 yards;
C. G. RoDbins and C. Hewitt, scratch.
Fritz Lacy won, Glenn second and Case
nave third. Time 2:17 4-5.
In the one-mile handicap, class B, the
starters and handicaps were: O. L. Pick
ard, 100 varus ; John F. Stayer and C. Win
sett, 75 yards; W. L. Kandall, 25 yards; W.
Hatton, 50 yards; Earl Kiser, J. M. Camp
bell and W. J. Edwards, scratch. It was
a beautiful race. Hatton won, Stayer sec
ond, -Winsett third. Time 2:15 3-5.
A five-mile military relay race under the
conditions that the contestants be mem
bers of the National Guard of California
and enlisted at least sixty days "prior to
date of the race; that "the rider be in
marching order, with rifle and bayonet,
minus overcoat and blanket, wear fatigue
campaign hat and legging, carry, regula
tion canteen filled with water; haversack
with equivalent of weight of two days'
emergency rations (four pounds and thir
teen ounces), carry also fourty rounds of
ball cartridges for a 45-caliber Springfield
rifle, either in web belt. or cartridge-boxes,
the minimum weight of wheel to be nine
teen pounds, .was. next contested. Com
pany Cwas represented by George H. Wel
lington, C. Wilcox, E. C. Van Buskirk; J.
D. Loudermilk and A. C. F. Dee; Com
pany E by William E. Hermon, W. G.
Tuthill-, Lester Kavanaugh, William H.
Schneddihg and R. S. Taylor. Company C
won. . • , 'Ayr,*- •'•'"'
Schefski then raced an exhibition mile,
paced by the sextuplet, going the distance
in 2:09 1-5.
ANGRY STOCKTON JLTHLETES.
Claim That They Were Duped by a San \
Francisco Football Aggregation.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 22.— The foot
ball game at Good water Grove to-day was
a very tame affair, although a large crowd
was attracted by the announcement. The
members of ; the Stockton" Athletic Club
are about as disgusted a crowd boys to
night as ever indulged in the .port. The
men who went against them were supposed
to be the second team of the Olympics,
but the local men claim that in reality a
picked team : of the best players of San
Francisco was pitted against them. The
score stands 2 to nothing in favor of the
San Francisco men. ■';"'''
The strange part of the affair is that a
number of the team, which was supposed
to come from San Francisco, absolutely
refused to give.their names, and thft local
men ( Claim that they do" not know the
name or identity of some of the men they
went against. The opposing team did not,
with but two or three exceptions, wear the
Olympic colors. A number of the regular
local; players refused to enter the game at
all and fin reality it was a farce. - Spec
tators,-however,' witnessed several wild
plays," but not necessarily good ones.
An effort will be made to straighten out
the affair, as .the local .men believe that
there was some mistake and if, there was
a job put up on them it was not with the
knowledge and consent of the Olympic
second team. \
STOCKTONIA.VS HEAR SPEECHES.
I Addressed by A. P. A. and Young Men's
Institute Representatives.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 22.—Washing
ton's birthday was generally observed here
to-day. In the afternoon there was a
parade and drill of the local military com
panies. In the evening there were two
large gatherings of citizens.' ■ ;7X-y'-
The celebration at the Avon Theater
was under the auspices of the American
Protective Association, and the place was
packed to suffocation. D. D. Bowman de
livered the address of the evening, in which
Mule or no reference was made to sec
tarian subjects,' but he spoke of Ameri
canism in a general sense.
At i; Masonic Hall the celebration was
under the auspices of the Young Men's
Institute, and James F. Smith of San
Francisco delivered an eloquent address
in. which he defended his church from
what he termed unjust : and unwarranted
attacks. The. population of the tpw.i di
vided "between the- two places, and many
had to be turned away. The city officials
were on the stage at the Avon and many
prominent citizens at the Masonic Hall.
SAN LUIS OBISPO WINS.
Paso Robles' 'Football Team Defeated by
a Narrow Margin. : /Ar/
: - SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cap., Feb. 22.— The
long , anticipated football match between
the high school elevens of Paso Robles
and San Luis Obispo was played here this
afternoon on the Kamona Hotel grounds
and was witnessed by a large number of
people, many coming from Paso Robles
and surrounding towns. On New Year's
day the team from the springs was beaten
without scoring a point.' Nothing daunted,
however, the boys picked up new material
and came here to-day confident of success.
..: The contest was for a beautiful silver
urn, presented by Professor Hammond of
the San Luis Obispo High School, and a
splendid game was played, resulting: San
Luis Obispo 6, Paso Kobles 4. T .
' Good music. was played by a brass band,
adding much to the enjoyment of the
spectators.. -
Wayne Station Road Race.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 22.— The Orchard
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
District Wheelmen will hold a five-mile
handicap road race \ over 7 their course at
Wayne Jstation Sunday morning. ; The en
tries and handicaps are as follows:' George
Caldwell and T. F. O'Brien, 2:45; F. Lynn
and B. S. Fox, 1:45; D. W. O'Brien, 1:30;
L. P. Goland « and D. E. O'Brien, 1:00, and
J. A. Harrington,- Paul McCoy, Ed Mauk
and M. J. O'Brian, scratch. * t
FOOTBALL AT AUBURN.
The English Colony Eleven Defeated by
* . the Oaklands. ..
AUBURN, Cal., Feb. 22.— The annual
football festival by the members of the
Placer County English Colony began here
with a game at the Auburn racetrack this
afternoon between the colony team and an
eleven termed the Oaklands. The associ
ation rules were observed and a very
pretty exhibition was given. The Oak
lands won by a single goal, kicked within
a minute of the start. The colony team
combined well - and the Oakland defense
was something extraordinary. Fully 2000
people witnessed the match and the city
was in holiday attire.
To-morrow a game according to Rugby
rules will be played at the colony grounds
near Penryn between the same teams.
Fresno Beats Porterville.
PORTERVILLE, Cal., Feb. 22.-The
second of a series of games between the
Fresno and Porterville baseball teams was
played here to-day, resulting in a victory
for the Fresnoans. The score was Bto 3.
The teams are recognized as the best in
San Joaquin Valley, and much interest
was manifested by the largest number of
people that ever congregated to witness a
baseball^ game in Porterville. Another
game will be played between the same
teams to-morrow. ■■■yy-/
DIED AT A TRACY DANCE.
Sudden Demise of W. J. Lewis
Put an End to the Even
iDg's Pleasure.
He Fell to the Floor and Expired
After Participating in a ■
Waltz.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 22.— W. J. Lewis
of Tracy dropped dead last night at a
dance given by the Tracy Lodge of For
esters. It was just at midnight and the
evening's festivities had reached their jol
liest point when Lewis' death put a stop
to the pleasure.
Mosher's orchestra had been playing a
waltz, and Lewis had been dancing. Ab
the dance ended he stepped to the ball
room door. When he reached it he pitched
headlong to the sidewalk. A number saw
him fall and rushed to his assistance. He
was carried into an adjoining hall and laid
upon a table, but he was dead before they
got him there.
The floor manager returned to the
dancers and announced Lewis death, and
the dance at once broke up, although the
affair was to have lasted until early morn
ing. The deceased was well known" and
well liked in Tracy and was a member of
the Native Sons and Odd Fellows.
PAS A OENA'S GUESTS.
Los Angeles County Christian Endeavor
Societies Meet. ■
PASADENA, Cal., Feb. 22.— annual
convention of the Young People's Society
of Christian Endeavor of Los Angeles
County met to-day at the First Presby
terian Church. The 1 morning session
opened at 10 o'clock with devotional exer
cises, led by Rev. N.G.H. Fife, pastor of the
Pasadena First Presbyterian Church. An
address of welcome, by Professor A. L.
Hamilton of the Throop Polytechnic In
stitute, was responded to by Thornton
Fitzhugh of Riverside.
The afternoon session was devoted to
junior work, papers being read by the
younger members of the society. Miss
Curtiss presented a paper on junior work.
W. G. Stuchell of Los Angeles delivered
an address on the practical possibilities of
good citizenship work on the individual
society. An open parliament followed.
The evening session was noteworthy for
an .interesting paper by George lay of
Pasadena upon the attitude of Christian
Endeavarers of England ana America in
case of war and a convention sermon by
Rev. J. K. Fowler of Los Angeles upon
the work of the association. The conven
tion closed with a consecration service.
DYING IN SALEM POISON
"Bunko" -Kelly, the Murderer of
George W. Sayres, Has Not
. ■-.'-■- Long to Live.
Prison Officials Believe He Will Soon
, Tell Who Hired Him to Be
come an Assassin.
. PORTLAND, Or., Feb. James
("Bunko") Kelly, the hired assassin of
George , W." Sayres, whose murder in
September, 1891, created a widespread sen
sation, is reported dying in the Salem
penitentiary. A State prison official
says that since "Bunko" arrived at the
prison he has ..been in a dejected mood
and has been given to melancholy. Some
times he would go for days without
speaking to any one or even looking at
those who chanced to be around him.
Several times he has suffered hemorrhages
of the lungs and has lost a great amount
of blood. As -a natural consequence the
drain on his system has been great and he
is very weak.
The "Bunko" Kelly of to-day is a far
different man from the one who' was con
victed of the murder of George W. Sayres,
and it is doubtful if any of his old-time
friends would recognize him. Humilia
tion seems to have cut much of a figure in
Kelly's case. He complains but little and
seems disinclined to discuss his case.
However, it is generally understood that
he may be tempted to throw some light on
the murder case, whicn would undoubt
edly make matters very unpleasant for
persons directly and indirectly concerned.
Kelly, will give no intimation to this effect,
and declares to 6utsiders that the day will
come when he will be fully exonerated,
and that justice will be meted out to his
persecutors. , '
Kelly's face is as black as a negro's and
his form is as bent as that of an old man.
He walks with difficulty and his condition
is such as ,to inspire k sympathy. The
officials who were instrumental in sending
Kelly to prison for the murder of Sayres
have always i said that some time the ex
boarding-house runner would break down
and make ; a confession. Something in
teresting may be expected from Bunko
Kelly before he dies in his prison cell.
Signaled to Newcastle.
: NEWCASTLE, Cal., Feb. 22.— A divi
sion of the Third Brigade Signal Corps of
Sacramento to-day signaled between the
Capitol dome and Newcastle, a distance of
thirty miles, with a four-inch heliograph.
Several messages were > sent and answers
received. T p/yylP^-:^.
New Depot for Seattle.
. SEATTLE, Wash.* Feb. 22.— President
J. J. Hill of the Great Northern announced
to-day that he would at once begin the
construction of a $100,000 depot and termi
nals for his road in this city.
EPITOME OF
SAN JOSE NEWS
The Fugitive Bandit Proves
to Be a San Quentin
Ex-Convict.
*
i
FROM ALTAR TO CELL.
Mary Jane Bowen's Prospective
Husband Prefers Captivity
to Marriage.
MUTILATED BY AN EXPLOSION.
A Boy Applies a Match to a Fulmin
ating Cap With Disastrous
Results.: - • ;
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 22.— The man
who held up Charles Berryman in the
Willows Thursday night and who escaped
amid a shower of bullets from several ofli
cers at the corner of Santa Clara and First
streets has been positively identified as
August Halberstadt, alias George Miller,
an ex-convict. The authorities received
information that Miller, as he is more gen
erally known, had been in this city for
several weeks and that he had been seen
in the vicinity of the robbery early Thurs
day evening. When shown Miller's pic
ture to-day both Mr. Berryman and Con
stable Haley indentified Miller as the man
wanted.
Miller is a native of Pennsylvania, a
cook by occupation and about 48 years of
age. His criminal history dates back to
January 7, 1882, when he served a three
months' term in the San Francisco County
Jail for petty larceny under the name of
August Halberstadt. in June, 1882, he
was committed to San Quentin, from San
Francisco, under the same name, for three
years for burglary in the second degree.
In Oakland, in 1886, he was committed for
four years forburglary in the ; second de
gree, and in 1892 he received a sentence of
five years for a like offense in San Fran
cisco. He was released from San Quentin
on November 15, 1895. -;-T'-Y
Nothing has been learned of the fugi
tive's whereabouts. Sheriff Lyndon has
forwarded descriptions of the man all over
the State. Miller is regarded as a danger
ous man, and will not likely submit to
arrest without offering a desperate re
sistance.
PREFERS JAIL TO MARRIAGE.
This Man Submits to Imprisonment
Rather Than Wed a Woman.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. Anselmo
Bittencourt, a Portuguese, has been, ar
rested on a serious offense, because he ob
jected to allowing Justice Dvvyer per
form the ceremony which would make
him and Mary Jane Bowen man and wife,
at an unusually late hour last night. T
Shortly after 10 o'clock Justice Dwyer
was aroused from his sleep and asked to
go to 342 South Seventh street to perform
a marriage ceremony. The Justice found
everything ready when he arrived.
Two witnesses were present, and the
woman was anxious, but Bittencourt ob
jected. After considerable talk and threats
on the part of. the witnesses and the
woman, Bittencourt agreed to marry her
if the ceremony was performed in the
Justice's courtroom. The party at once
repaired to the courtroom, but there Bit
tencourt became more obstinate and re
fused to be made a benedict. . .
Mary Jane Bowen then swore to a war
rant charging Bittencourt with a statu
tory crime. He was arraigned on the
charge and committed to jail in default of
$5000 bail. Bittencourt declares will
commit suicide 'if the woman insists in
prosecuting him. .-•; .
Oil Depot Burned.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 22.— An oil
depot conducted by J. C Hall at the cor
ner of Park avenue and Locust street was
gutted by fire this afternoon. It is not
known how the blaze started, but it is
supposed to have resulted from spon
taneous combustion. Hall was painfully
burned about the bands and face. Hall's
residence adjoining was also gutted. The
place was well stocked with oil, and Hall's
loss is about $1500. The buildings are
owned by Mrs. Lame of San Francisco.
A Boy, a Match and an Explosion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. .22.— Ernest Del
mue, a 17-year-old boy who resides on
Stockton avenue, this afternoon found a
fulminating cap in the street. He ap
plied a match to it and the cap exploded,
blowing off the top of the thumb and first
finger on the boy left hand. He was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital and the
thumb and first finger amputated at the
first joint. .7
Shirley Goes Free.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 22.— The charge of
perjury against Eugene G. Shirley was dis
missed by Judge Lorigan yesterday
owing to alack of evidence to warrant a
trial of the charge. Shirley was a witness
in the Pyle-Piercy breach-of-promise suit,
and gave damaging testimony for the de
fendant. He subsequently modified his
statement, but this did not satisfy Miss
Pyle, and she swore to a charge of perjury.
Scott Held for Assault.
SAN JOSE, Cal., : Feb. Emmet
Scott, who stabbed Louis Carillo with a
pocketknife last night, has been charged
with assault to commit murder. The
wound is below the ribs and not consid
ered dangerous. The trouble occurred at
Carillo's house, and arose over Carillo'or
dering Scott from the house.
MINERS MEET AT SPOKANE.
Advocate the Addition of a Minister of
Mines to the National Cabinet.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb: 22.— A meeting
of the executive committee consisting of
the second vice-presidents of the North
west Miners' Association," was held hereto
day. Considerable active work was done
and this afternoon several interesting
papers were read. That of Judge Hey born
on- "Extralatefal Rights," received great
applause and after its reading a resolution
was adopted,, in effect that this miniug
association formulate a bill for Congress
along the line of Judge Heyborn's sugges
tion, to be presented to all other associa-*
tions of like character and with their
assistance prepare one and ask its adoption
by Congress. -•
A very important paper c on the "Addi
tion to the Cabinet of a Minister of Mines"
was read by Hon. Aaron Parker of Idaho
: and this matter the convention also re
solved to take up and to ask other mining
associations to join in the movement. To
night the association sat at a banquet.
A Brentwood . Farmer Injured.
BRENTWOOD; Cal., Feb. 22. — Peter
King,* a wealthy land-owner and farmer of
this place, while digging in M^rsh* Creek
for sand to-day, was caved on and had his
head badly cut ! and a leg broken. He lay.
unconscious and partly buried in the sand
from 8 o'clock in' the morning f until 4
o'clock in the afternoon, when a neighbor
happened along and dug him out.
IN CAMP AT ; VIS ALIA.
Two Companies of Militia Turn Out for
a Drill.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Feb. 22.—Com
pany E of Visalia and Company G of
; Bakersfield , went into camp last - night fat
the fair grounds for a two days' drill. The
camp is ; under the command of Major
Chisholm and has been named Camp Chis
holm. Both companies turned out their
full strength, Company E under the com
mand of Captain Byrnes and Company G
under Captain Cook.
The event of the day was a sham battle
in the afternoon, in which the local G. A.
R. post and members of the Citizens'
Guard, organized during the great railroad
strike, were on one side and the guards on
the other. ,This evening a ball was given
to the visitors and a reception at the camp
to the, veterans, both Union and Confed
erate. i-i\i'P';SJ. ■■'■■_
FIRE: AT SONORA.
Flames Distroy the FloxtrmiHs and an
Adjoining Residence.
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 22.— The Sonora
City Flourmills, at Sonora, were burned to
the ground Thursday. The fire was dis
covered shortly after 11 o'clock, but it had
gained such headway that it was found
impossible to check it. The fire brigade
worked hard, but the flames caught the
residence adjoining, occupied by Henry
Wilson, which also burned. The total loss
is over $8000, with very little insurance.
The flourmill was the only large build
ing in Sonora except the lumber-mills. , It
was elected in 1854, and was owned by
W. H. Chamberlain, and operated under
lease by William Kruger. .TY-i*-:
CARS AND HORSES BURNED.
Considerable Damage Done by Two East
er xx Fires, -fy". pT:
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Feb. 22.--Early this
morning the bursting of a gaspipe set fire
•to the large livery barn and boarding
stable of Ducat & Grantham. There were
sixty-two head of horses and a large num
ber of bnggies and other vehicles in the
barn at the time. Sixty of* the horses,
many of them valuable blooded animals,
were burned to death and the building
was destroyed. The loss is about $50,000.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Feb. 21.— A fire to
night at the corner of Kent street and
University avenue destroyed the street
railway barns and 100 streetcars. The
loss is about $100,000.
Fifteen Families Homeless and Destitute.
BALTIMORE, Md., Feb. Fifteen
families were made homeless and several
penniless by' a fire I which wrecKed four
houses and damaged eight others at Can
ton this morning. * .::■ :
YOSEMITE PARK ABUSES.
Mariposans Ask Representative
Johnson to Aid in Redress- *
ing Grievances.
The Congressman in a Letter Promises
to Do All in His Power to
That End.
MARIPOSA, Cal., Feb. 22.— The Gazette
of this morning contains an important let
ter' from Congressman Grove L. Johnson
on the * subject of the Yosemite National
Park. The .' matter is one of the most in
tense interest throughout half a dozen
mountain counties and the action of J. A.
Adair, editor of the Mariposa Gazette, is
highly commended on all sides. The Ga
zette's article is transmitted in full:
"Recently the editor of the Gazette wrote
to the Hon. Grove L. Johnson calling his
attention to grievances that exist in con
nection with the Yosemite National Park.
Mr. Johnson's reply is printed herewith.
It is manly and straightforward, and if the
people aggrieved do not post their repre
sentatives to fight their battle they have
no cause for complaint against him. The
Gazette has initiated this movement for
redress and will be glad to hear from per
sons aggrieved and assist them in obtain
ing their rights. '////A.: * *
House of Representative'", U. S. >~"i
Washington, D. c, Feb. 12, 1896. j
J. A. Adair, Mariposa, Cal.— My Dear Sir:
Yours of February 6, 1896, inclosing copy of
the Mariposa Gazette of date January 35, 1896,
containiug an article headed the" National
Park, in which reference was made to the pur
chase of the toll roads into the park, and also
calling attention to the injustice done to pio
neer settlers therein by the method in which
the park reservation was carried out, was duly
received and contents noted. I thank you
very much for having called my attention to
the matter of the claims of these settlers.
Owing to the fact that I have never visitedthe
park, and was unable to visit Mariposa during
the campaign of 1894, and to the fact that
no one lias spoken to me about this, I
was unaware of the fact that anybody
had been injured by the carrying into
enect of the law of Congress organizing the
park. I understood that complaint was made
as to the manner in which the soldiers having
charge of the park had carried out their or
ders to remove the sheep and cattle from the
grazing eround of the park, but did not know
that, in the language ofyour article,"by its res
ervation or rather by thedepartmental method
in which that reservation was carried out
hundreds of the most deserving pioneer set
tlers suffered cruel injustice and loss." That I
was ignorant of this 1 do not think is mv fault
because I am not familiar with your county
nor the park nor the history attending its
opening. -T'i*
I am ready now and at all times to right the
wrongs of any deserving citizen of my district
or State. If you will give me a concise state
ment of the. manner in which this .injustice
and loss was don. and suffered, I will promptly
introduce a bill in Congress and endeavor to
secure its passage providing, in the language
of your article, "for adequate inquiry Into
and, if necessary, compensation for claims
arising out of the acquisition of the National
Park wherever injustice appears to have been
done." It will be necessary for me to have
sufficient data as to names of persons injured,
causes of injury and amount of damage suf
fered in order to enable me ;to make an argu
ment before the committee to which the bill
will be referred in favor of its passage.
I have already done what I could in refer
ence to the grazing of the land of the reserva
tion and have met with the most strenuous op
position from the Government officials *to the
granting of any license whatever to people to
graze cattle or sheep upon the park. The mat
ter suggested by you is one that ought not to
excite any antagonism if the facts are brought
to the attention of Congress. I shall be pleased
to receive from you at any time during my
service as Congressman suggestions as -to
needed legislation, affectinsr : not r merely, your
county, but our district and State and the
Nation.
You have undoubtedly given , public matters
attention and will be able to give me valuable
assistance in properly meeting the problems
presented tome. I desire to do that which is
right to all the people and realize that I am
unable to decide all matters myself and most
heartily and cheerfully welcome honest criti
cism and friendly advice from any of my con
stituents. If possible I will visit Mariposa the
present year and make your personal acquaint
ance and learn more of j the needs of your
people.  :..y<
.Again thanking you for your kindness in
this matter, I am very truly yours,
'* ; "Grove L. Johnson.
Reindeer for Alaska.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 22.— Advices re
ceived to-day 7 from { Alaska state that an
effort will be made by the Alaskan author
ities to secure from 1500 -to 2000 reindeer
There are already 1000 >at Port Clarence,
near Bering Straits., With 3000 reindeer,
-the annual increase would be, at least 1500.
Once a herd is : established *in : Alaska a
plentiful supply of the best food Will be
come everywhere available, and" while
dogs travel at the rate of thirty-five miles
a day, reindeer travel ninety. The dancer
to the miners and * settlers, who '■ run the
risk of starving should their provisions
give out, would then be removed.
COWBOY FEATS
AT PHOENIX
Eastern Visitors Treated
to a Typical Western
Exhibition.
WILD STEERS LASSOED.
George Sears Ropes and Ties an
Animal in Three-Quarters
of a Minute.
UNTRAINED BHONCOS BIDDEN.
Frontiersmen Who* Won Fame In
Early Days Participate in the
Rough Events.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Feb. 22.— The closing
day of the carnival proved the most suc
cessful. Twenty-five thousand people
were at the park this afternoon to see the
cowboy events. Dr. Carver, the crack
marksman, had the grounds for one hour,
beginning at 2 o'clock, and when the time
was up his exhibition was only half fin
ished. Then the surging mass of 5000
spectators inside the inclosure was* aug
mented by the opening of the gates, ad
mitting fully 20,000 more. :"; : 7
The cowboy tournament was the great
est ever held on the continent. Eighteen
of the most skilled cowboys in Arizona en
tered the steer-tying contest. A fifty -yard
start was given the steers and the men on
horseback then pursued and lassoed the
animals single-handed. George Sears of
Phoenix won first money in 45% seconds,
the fastest record made in the last five
years. The slowest time was five minutes,
and most of the eighteen cowboys had
roped their animals within a minute and a
half.
Bronco-riding followed. . The wildest
horses of the plains were ridden by clever
vaquen>6. George Felton, the world-fa
mous cowboy, entered all the contests,
while most of the contestants were men
celebrated in frontier days Half the audi
ence had never before seen these wild
•West sights, many having come from New-
York, .Boston, Chicago and other Eastern
points simply to see the. Indian and cow
boy events.
Two candidates for steer-tying honors
met with misfortune. After each had las
soed an animal, their saddle-girths gave
way. The wild steers rushed around the
arena, dragging lariats and saddles and
creating a panic among those crowding
around the fence, many of whom had
crept through. One woman was struck
squarely by a maddened steer, but one of j
its horns had been knocked off in a fall
previously, so-the woman was not seriously
injured.. . ' .— '7 •••7
Eight thousand men and women partici
pated in a mask ball this evening at the
park, and others attended dances at Gardi
ner's Hall and Ford Academy. Washing
ton street was a blaze of light for miles.
The street is 100 feet wide, and electric
lights were stretched a few feet apart on
all trolley wires. These, with the lurid
light shed by the carnival decorations of
yellow, red and white, made pictures never
to be forsotten.
The Venezuelan Commission.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. .2.— Tbe
Venezuelan Commission held no formal
meeting yesterday on account of the
absence of Mr. Coudert and Professor
Gilman, but Justices Brewer and Alvey
and Dr. White were in consultation at the
commission's office with the geographical
expert and as upon other days of the past
two weeks were engaged in studying the
papers bearing on the controversy which
have accumulated in vast proportions.
'■■■ yrEWjro-PAT. .7 _..-■_'_•_'
rT^HE doctor may be a
«]^fl ' JL ?°°d °^ nian, but
Ibßbxul even so, medical ex-
_js&(L_ aminations and the
* _Hu •S > __S«t» "local -application"
/^*^P^!^Pl\\ treatment are abbor-
/_ .'■ v&g_bs_ fk rent to ever y niodest
/ lillilßl r**- wom an. Thej r are
IS ****•——^^tfS ./^-^embarrassing— often
Iff H^^7*\ /Useless. They should
t^M rT*""HE doctor may be a
■htgß. j good old man, but
%BuHk even so, medical ex-
T*jst!»|L aminations and the
dai &]_¥&* "local -application"
y*f ▼Kt^BT\V_ treatment are abhor-
/ / B^Kn rent to every nicdest
/ i s^*«B__. 1/** They are
Iff J/^-v^"^. > useleS3 - They should
_________£_____ / not ■- )e submitted to
f**- j^^^S^"f^ until everything
/ I _M___Mfl\ 1 else ~~ as been
/ lIS HI I tried. In nine cases
/ A _ WWW \ out °* ten ' tnere is
/*"* __W_^^_l I I no reason for them.
r*J ___Wa___*_t \ ' In nine cases out of
I *_By%ga_[ ' ' ten ' the doctor in
I i^lS^i general practice isn't
I S_S_»^ctl competent to treat
I pj*f?£y-\ female diseases.
fTwifc uML They make a branch
///"*' T^_T_r7 ° ■*" medicine by
1 f ff If Sr/ themselves. They
I (if/ I If /■' are distinct front
'/ V///I- II ''I other ailments.
'il/ 1 11 A They can be prop-
v / \_W_ er^y understood and
4 V^«&_B__> treated only by one
l ~*|» j lO has had years
. i • lar .- of actual practice
and experience, in this particular line.
This is true of Dr. X. V. Pierce, chief con-
sulting physician" of the Invalid's Hotel
and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo, N. Y.
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription, for
all derangements of the reproductive or-
gans of women, has been in actual use for
more than thirty years. , It-was originally
sold with an absolute 7 guarantee that it
would cure every case, or that the money
paid for it would be refunded. Its success
has been so universal that this guarantee is
no longer necessary. The "Favorite Pre-
scription" relies now upon the thousands
of testimonials from- grateful and happy
women, in all parts of the land, whose
lives* have been mad^ worth living by its
use. " "Favorite Prescription" is sold by
druggists. ypz;y7'z '/;Ap-^4'A/p'y
Complete . information . regarding it, and
testimonials from hundreds who have used
it, are embodied in Dr. Pierce's Common
Sense Medical Adviser, a standard medical
work of ' 1008 pages, profusely illustrated,
which will be sent free on receipt of 21
one-cent stamps to cover cost of mailing
only. This work is a complete family doc-
tor book and should be read by both young
and old. Address, World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Bufialo, N. Y.
[fSB-A MANHOOD RESTOREDiSfS
MW '<$ f*T .¥s* Zol (W tlon ol a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
■ \i\ _- \ ) -ttfv '-* \T ? OU3 or diseases of the generative organs, such as Dost Manhood.
ESi _______ 'TV. _______] Inso__nia,Painsln the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debilitv
B I __r*3_ T *&&* ! Pimples, Unfitness to Marry, ExhausUng drains, Varicocele arid
H, NT / V '/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
M ■ - \-^ - ness of discharge, which if not checked leads, to Spermatorrhceaand ■
IS BEFORE and AFTER ajlthe horrors of Impoteucy. «'ir_-_ UK* cleanses the liver, ____
« *** fcrw " ' mmm r * r ' "■" kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities. "=*•«*■
■™ CUPIDENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. ..-■?—
■ The reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are tmnMo. .»»»_,
Pro-tatl 1 la. CUPIDKXE Is the only known remedy to cure without an operation 5000 teltli_^S
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a _-_n___n«n_mi»_.
|I.ooa box, six for $5.09. by mail. Send for fbke circular and testimonial., T^ permanent car*
Addreas^DATOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco Cal For sale by
BROOKS' PHARMACY, 119 Powell street.
"A STREAK_OF LUCK."
A : Mining Man Falls Right on
/fy His Feet in This State.
•
Found Some Camps (That Did Not
• ."■_-.-» ' "Pan Out." ~
THERE ARE A FEW THINGS IN THE
world that will stand as landmarks as long
) as the English language is spoken, and not an
i inconspicuous one is the typical Californian
I gold-miner. He has fewer traits that leave a
J disagreeable memory than most of the rugged
types of the world; and he has more of the
genuine manly spirit than most people who get
lauded for their conspicuous bravery. Accus-
"tomed to face hard times as well as "the har-
vest of plenty," he learns, without knowing it
almost, to sympathize with the "weak and
weary." And when things do not look par-
ticularly roseate with him he accepts the con-
dition of affairs with a complacency that is
| matchless as well as admirable. One of the
younger men who to-day are to be found try-
ing to carve out for themselves "name and
fame" in the mines is Mr. A. Burton, who is
now ln the great gold-bearing section of Grass
Valley. Mr. Burton is an honest, good-natured
fellow. He has had his share of misfortune,
too, and when a few months ago he was stricken
right in tiie middle of his work with a most
dangerous disease it seemed as though fate had
determined to "down him." But he imme-
diately "struck out" for the Hudson Medical
Institute, the institution which has become so
famous on account of the wonderfully clever
work of the specialists practicing there, and as
a result he is back at work again, and thank-
ful for what has been done for him. , He has
written as follows to the managers:
GRASS VALLEY, Cal.. Aug. 16, 1893.
. Hudson Medical ins'.itute. sun Francisco. Cal.—
Gentlemen: I have received three letters from
you which were gent to Downieville. I have been
to Gold Valley and to Nevada and through nearly
all the mining camps ever since, and that was the
reason that I . did no: Ret my mail before. The
medicine that 1 took did. ra" lots of goo.l, and I
shall soon send for some more. Yours respect-
fully, p: : *y: ■■,-.. :4y A. BURTON.
So although Mr. Burton has not "struck it
very rich" in the mining camps recently he
certainly made no mistake when . be became
sick as to where to go. But every one . has the
same experience who applies to this "Mecca
for all the sick" for assistance. Thousands of
testimonials Dear out the absolute truth of this
assertion. For instance: •"»•.'.
F. Minturn, St. Louis, Mo. : "I desire to ex-
I press my sincere thanics for the careiul and
conscientious manner in which my case has
been treated by you." :; j
S. M. Hooker of Los Angeles writes: "I now
feel as though I am a cured and a well man."
'K. C. Taft of Stowe, Cal., says: "l am feeling
flne without a sign of disease now."
G. H. Bent: "By the time I get the medicine
taken that I have now I don't think that I will
need any more." : T:: - r*
It is a satisfactory thing to see all these ex-
pressions of good opinion and good will coming
in, as they do, by the hundreds daily to the
physicians of the great Hudson Institute, af-
fording further proof that if you are suffering
from any curable disease there is no place
where you will get help so PROMPTLY and
SATISFACTORILY. ; '/, ' '■
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder; all
bronchial diseases; ail functional nervous
diseases; St. Vitus' dance; hysteria; shaking
palsy; epilepsy; all venereal diseases; all
kinds of blood troubles; ulcers; waste of vital
forces; rheumatism; gout; eczema; all skin
diseases, from whatever cause arising; psori-
asis; all blood poisoning; varicocele; poison
oak; lost or impaired manhood; spinal trou-
ble; nervous exhaustion and prostration; in-
cipient paresis; all kidney diseases; lumbago;
sciatica; all bladder troubles; dyspepsia; in-
digestion; constipation; ail visceral disorders,
which are treated by the depurating depart-
ment." Special instrument's for bladder trou-
bles.
. f_)(__\^ Circular? and .Testimonials 'of _ the
Great Hudyan Sent Free. " j ./, 7.-.,
HUDSON MEDICAL ISSTITI'TE,
atocktoa. Market and Ellis Sts.
illHilPlr
DR. PIERCES %& GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT
Is the Latest Patent ""contains all improvements
and is sold at one-half tb^ price asked for inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts.
The results accomplished by Dr. Pierce's' belts
are simply wonderful, thousand.-) of cures having
been made where physicians and medicines had
failed to give relief.
The strongest possible evideuce will be given to
Inquirers as to the efficacy and superiority of Dr.
Pierce's belts, and a thorough examination' and
comparison of these goods with all others is re-
spectfully invited of all intending purchasers of an
Electric Belt, gyS" Call or writ, for free Pamph-
let No. 2." Address
y/t,\: ■Diis. PIERCE & SOX,
104 Sacramento Street.
2d, 3rd and 4th floors, San Francisco, Cal.
LI PO TAI JR., Y~\
Chinese Tea and . Herb L_ J
No. 727 Washington St., • X 3
San Francisco, Cal. \*3- S
Cor. Brenhwn Place, above M__* A
the plaza. _J^T a-______
Office Hours: »to 1«, — """^ TO iJaVT**-
-1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- •*^Mfl r
day, 9 A. M. to 13 M.
Li Fo Tai Jr.. son of the famous Lt Po
Tai, lias taken Ills father's business,'
and is, after eleven year.' study ia
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases. ■
Yn^^^ m^_ilkm^L_
•tfARNYS*
16THEVEBY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
eyes and tit them to Spectacles or Eyeglass*!
' with lust menu of his own invention, whos*
superiority has not been equaled. . My __.._.** z___i
. M due to the merits of my wor.*.
Office Hours— Vi to . v. __ A* ■'.".."•*;
NEW Wfc_>*l,EßiN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON NTS.- RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD _: CO.
European plan. Rooms 60c to *1 60 pe r day, $*_
to $8 per week. $8 to B**o per month: free buths;
hot and cold water every room: fire grates In
every room ; elevator runs all night. -
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. . PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-Al*.
law and Notary Public. 638 Market St., oppa.
site Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell St. Tel*
phone 579. Residence telephone, "Pine __ 1."CELEBRATIONS
ON THE COAST
Los Angeles' New Masonic
Temple Impressively
Dedicated.
GAYETY AT SANTA CRUZ
Hundreds of Visitors Witness
the Washington Day Sports
at Fowler.
OBSERVED AT OTHER POINTS.
Patriotic Citizens Honor the Memory
of the First President of
America.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 22.—
Masons celebrated to-day by laying the
cornerstone of the hew Masonic temple
on Hill street. Not since the days of the
Fiesta have the streets put on such an
animated appearance as" this morning.
Masons with the neat bib and apron,
Masons with pretty blue ribbons which
were pinned on by pretty women — wives
of local Masons and members of the Order
of the Eastern Star— Masons with im
mense ribbons and rosettes, Masons with
more emblems than all the other orders
combined, Knights Tempiar with cha
peaus and baldrics and gleaming .words
were seen everywhere.
Civic parades could well take pattern
by that of the Masonic bodies that turned
out this afternoon. It was a model pro
cession in every respect. One of the most
noticeable features of the whole procession
was the promptness with which it moved.
The scene as the paiade moved down
Broadway was an inspiring one.
The broad thoroughfare was lined with
thousands of spectators, and other thou
sands viewed it from the buildings on
either side. It was one of the handsomest
parades of civic bodies that has ever taken
place in Los Angeles, and the soldierly ap
pearance of th« 1600 or 2000 men who were
in line was enthusiastically commented
upon as they marched along.
The ceremonies of the laying of the cor
nerstone were solemn and impressive.
Through the streets the procession had
passed amid a blaze of music, preceded by
its mounted police, and then, after the
preliminary ceremonies were ended and
silence fell over the multitude, the scene
was peculiarly picturesque.
Harvey Lindley, president of the
Masonic Temple Association, delivered an
address on the new temple. Most Wor
shipful Grand Master Edward Myers Pres
ton's address was listened to with earnest
attention.
He was followed by Hon. Thomas Flint
Jr. and Hon. Frank Marion Angelotti.
Very Worshipful Grand Secretary George
Johnson read the records and then the
primus deposit was made in the corner
stone by Edward Coleman, V. W. Grand
Treasurer. Music by the quartet followed,
snd amid the silence that fell on the mul
titude the grand officers laid the corner
stone.
The address of the day was most elo
quently given by Judge J. D. Bicknell,
grand orator, and after more music the
benediction was pronounced by Rev. W.
W. Tinker.
The new temple will be one of the hand
somest on the coast. The permit for the
structure, issued by the building superin
tendent recently, calls for an expenditure
of about $35,000. The building will have a
frontage of fifty-nine feet on the west side
of Hill street, between Fourth and Fifth,
a depth of 160 feet, and it will be three
stories in height. The wall will be mas
sive enough for a five-story block.
The front of the building will be of a
classic style of architecture. Alight sal
. mon-colored pressed brick will be used,
with Sespe stone trimmings. The en
trance will be an archway fifteen feet wide
and twenty-two feet high. Here are fluted
pilasters resting on carved stone pedestals
and with lonic capitals. The beautifully
carved arch will rest on dwarf round col
umns. The pediment will be capped with
final, and in the pediment will be the Ma
sonic emblem carved in Sespe stone.
THE DAY AT FOWLER.
Field Sports Witnessed by Hundreds
from Surrounding Towns.
FRESNO, Cat,., Feb. 22.— Fowler was
visited to-day by hundreds of people from
the counties of Fresno, Kings and Tulare,
who engaged in or witnessed a mul
titude of field sports and festivities in
celebration of Washington's Birthday.
The day's amusements and contests were
planned by the Fowler Athletic Club. A
programme of great variety was carried
out to the letter with spirit and enthusi
asm. Major George W. Waterman was
grand marshal of the day.
The field sports began at 9:30 o'clock,
and consisted of a potato race for boys
under 15, an egg race for girls, a sack race,
running broad jump, running high jump'
obstruction race. ladies' race, fat men's
race, match footrace and bicycle race.
The afternoon was devoted to horse ana
mule racing and a football match between
the Oleander and Central colonies, the
latter winning by a score of 4to 0. The
ladies of the Fowler Improvement Associa
tion served luncheon to the multitude
The festivities concluded with a ball in
Good Templars Hall.
SANTA CRUZ CONCERT.
Patriotic Entertainment Given by the
Philharmonic Society. '
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 22.—Wash
ington's birthday was observed here by a
general suspension of -business. To-night
the Philharmonic Society gave a patriotic
concert at the Opera-house. District At
torney Carl Lindsay delivered an oration
on Washington.
At the Methodist Church, which is in
the midst of a revival, Rev. A. H. Brings
of San Francisco and \V. S. Bovard of San
Jose delivered patriotic sermons morning
and afternoon, the former on "Tne Tem
ple of Liberty," the latter on "The Citizen
the Times Demand." At the Church of
the Blefesed Hope H.W.Bowman deliv
ered an epigramatic lecture of a strictly
patriotic character. -
PORTLAND PATRIOTISM.
Sons of the American Revolution Attend
a Banquet.
PORTLAND, Ob., Feb. 22.—Washing
ton '_, birthday was made a holiday event
and its observance was general throughout
the Stat., Places of business were closed,
and this afternoon the militia paraded the
streets of Portland and the public school
children took pari in the exercise?.
At Hotel Portland this evening the fifth
annual banquet of the Oregon Society of
Sons of the American Revolution "was
held. Covers were laid for seventy-five
guests. The address of - the evening was
delivered by Judge Stephen A. Lowell of
Pendleton. Various councils of the order
of Young Men's Institute held commem
orative exercises at A. O. U. W. Temple
this evening. -The Prohibitionists observed
the day by holding a convention to nom
inate legislative tickets, sending dele
gates to a State convention, and declaring
that they would cut a figure in the Sena
torial campaign of 1597. •
Vallejo Makes Merry.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 22.— Vallejo Con
cil No. 13, Young Men's Institute, cele
brated Washington's birthday by holding
a "smoker" at its hall on Georgia street.
A large crowd filled the hall and songs,
recitations and a general merry-making
was the order. The hall was prettily dec
orated.
Farragut Camp No. 19, Sons' of Veteran.,
celebrated by a dance, in which the par
ticipants dressed themselves in their old
est clothes, and the spectacle created a
vast amount of mirth. i
At Mare Island.
VALLEJO, Cal., Feb. 22.— Washington's
birthday was celebrated at the Navy-yard
by the closing of all the workshops and
the flying of the colors on the Indepen
dence and Monadnock. At noon a National
salute was fired from the saluting battery
on board of the receiving-ship. In town
flags were flying at all the prominent flag
poles.
Silver Men at Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 22.—Washing
ton's birthday was generally observed
here to-day. All stores were closed, and
-to-night there were held many parties and
receptions. The Friends of Silver held a
meeting, which was addressed by some of
the most eminent men of the Northwest.
Observed at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 22.— The anni
versary of Washington's birth was gener
ally observed in this city. The Corwin
fired a salute of twenty-one guns and the
Society of Sons of the American Revolu
tion gave a banquet which was attended
by many leading men of the State.
Banqueted at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 22.— The annual
musical and literary festivities and ban
quet of Fresno County's New England
Society was held in the Grand Central
Hotel this evening. This society numbers
about sixty persons.
SANTA ROSA CELEBRATES
Benefits of a Complete Water
System Demonstrated to
Visitors.
Two Streams Thrown Simultaneously
Over the Dome of the Court
house.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Feb. 22.— pub
lic test of the newly completed city water
works took place here at noon to-day and
was in every way successful. A heavy fog
hung over the town during the morning
hours, but "Old Sol" had chased it away
by 11 o'clock, and a more beautiful day
could not have been wished for. • An ex
pectant crowd lined the sidewalks and
filled vehicles of all descriptions in the
street. From the top of an eighty-foot
pole, planted at the northwest corner of
the Courthouse square, floated the Amer
ican flag, over which a stream of water was I
to be thrown. ** 7' ;
Just as the big clock in the courthouse
dome struck 12 six streams of water shot ]
POWER - HOUSE OF TIIE SANTA ROSA WATER WORKS.
into the air to a height of 200 feet. The
flag on the test pole was caught by the
rushing water and torn into ribbons, amid
the cheers of the well-pleased crowd.
This- was, as yet, only the ordinary reser
voir pressure, with the big pump yet to
hear from. Four of the streams were now
discontinued and pumping commenced.
Under the additional pressure the water
spurted and cracked from the nozzles of
the pipes, and the two streams met in air,
forming a gigantic arch over the dome of
the courthouse. The eastern stream, fa
j vored by the breeze, washed the face of the
Goddess of Liberty, fulfilling the prophecy
of Chief Muther of the fire department.
After a crowd of small boys on the court
house steps had been well soaked and the
usual sprinkling given to the good-natured
crowd the water from the new works was
turned off and that of the old turned on.
Two very weak streams were turned into
the air for a while, causing derisive
laughter and sarcastic remarks to come
from the supporters of the new system,
this ending the exhibition.
The city's guests were entertained at a
banquet at the Grand Hotel this evening
upon their return from a visit to the works.
Speeches of congratulation closed an event
ful day in the history of Santa Rosa.
Old Sol Beams Upon Porterville.
PORTERVILLE,' Cal., Feb. 22.— This
was the warmest day of the season, the
mercury registering 80 degrees in the
shade. Crops are sorely in need of rain.
Admitted to the Bur.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 22.—Seventy
one students were admitted to the bar to
day before the the appellate division of
the Supreme Court just before it went into
session. Among them were three women,
Mrs. Clara Foltz of the bar of San Fran
cisco, Mrs. Shirley S. Davis, mother of
Assistant District Attorn cv Henry F.
Davis, and Miss Carolina L. Dodge," who
passed the examinations last June.
Daughters of the Revolution.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 22.— The
Daughters* of the American Revolution
completed the business of the fifth Conti
nental Congress to-day by the election of
State regents, after which the delegates
were received at the White House by Mrs.
Cleveland.
By the year 1510 the cultivation -of mul
barry and the raising of silkworm-* had
spread over the most of Italy and ex
tended into the south of France and
Spain. ■ . >--. -.v.-~ 5 -r:-*i .•_?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
— —^
GOLD FOUND IN
MADERA COUNTY.
Paying Ore Discovered at
the Base of Quartz
Mountain.
LUCK OF A FRESNOITE.
He Brings Back Specimens That
Assay From $30 to $300
to the Ton.
A LEDGE OF FREE GOLD.
Mines in the Vicinity Had Been
Worked and Yielded Fortunes
in Former Years.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. 22.— H. Long, a
well-known mining man, returned here
from Quartz Mountain this forenoon with
samples of gold - bearing decomposed
quartz which, owing to its almost unparal
eled richness in free gold, have caused
great excitement among mining men and
prospectors who have seen Mr. Long's
specimens. The find was made at the base
of the mountain, where, in former years,
'much wealth has been realized. Several
mills were formerly busy in the locality.
The Abbott mine, near this find, yielded a
great fortune to its owner.
Assays of Long's specimens of por
phyry and quartz run from $30 to $300 in
fine g%Jd. The walls of this gold-bearing
quartz are of porphyry and slate.
The grounds had been worked formerly,
but owing to the exceeding fineness of the
gold did not pay because of the inability
of operators to save the dust. The quick
silver process readily unites this dust,
which shows the greatness of the find.
The ledge is near the old Hildreth min
ing camp in Madera County, about thirty
five miles northeast of the city.
Drowned in an Irrigating Ditch.
FRESNO, Cal., Feb. Little Law
rence Hoard, a three-year-old son of J. W.
Hoard, a vineyardist, who resides in Tem
perance colony, a few miles from this city,
wandered away from home and was
drowned in an irrigating ditch this after
noon. The body of the child was found
soon after it was missed by its mother. '
SIGNEO BY JUDGE LACOMBE.
The Order Relating to the Northern Pa
cific Receivers.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 22.— Judge
Lacombe of the United States Circuit
Court has signed the order by which he
issued a memorandum of approval late
yesterday afternoon, in the matter of the
appointment of receivers of the Northern
Pacific Railway Company. He directs
that the cause of the Farmers' Loan and
Trust Company and others against the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
brought August 15, 1593, be consolidated
with the suit brought by the Farmers'
Loan and Trust Company as complainant
for th"* foreclosure of mortgages upon the
property of the railroad company, the bill
of complaint for which was hied August 5,
1895, and that Edwin H. McHenry of St.
Paul, Minn., and Frank G. Bigelowof Mil
waukee, Wis., be appointed receivers of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company and
all of its property.
Judge Lacombe further orders that the
resignations of Thomas F. Oakes, Henry
C. Payne and Henry C. Rouse as receivers
be accepted and that they make account
ing to the United States Circuit Court for
the Eastern District of Wisconsin. The
two new receivers are required to furnish
bonds in the sum of $50,000 each.
• The order of the accounting .is dated
back to take effect January 31, 1895. For
all other purposes the order takes effect
February 21, 1896. *;.. -:;/
REVISIONS . OF • THE TARIFF.
If Allowed They Will Swamp the House
Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Feb. 22.—Ding
ley of Maine, chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee, on being asked to-day
what the effect would be of opening up
the House tariff bill to an amendment in
creasing the - duty on wool . beyond the
figure on the bill as it stands, said that he
agreed with the Senate Republicans that
any material amendment in one direction
would invariably invite hundreds of other
amendments and thus practically open up i
the whole question of tariff revision and
swamp the measure at once. The Senate
Republicans' caucus took the ground that
the only way to get any bill to the Presi
dent to increase the revenue is for the
Senate- to pass substantially the House
tariff bill, which continues only for two
years, and he agreed with this view.
A Child-Slayer Hanged.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. Angus M.Gil
bert was hanged in tne Charles-street jail
yesterday for the murder In Dorches
ter, April last, of Alice Sterling, an eight
year-old child. Gilbert's crime was one of
the most brutal ever committed in Massa
chusetts. After assaulting the little girl
he killed her with a hatchet, beating
her face and head into an unrecognizable
mass.
Swindled by a Forger.
PARIS, France, Feb. 22.— The American
banking firm of Morgan &Har jes has been
swindled out of a considerable sum by a
man giving the name of Naudorff, who
forged the signature of Tiffany's Paris
confidential clerk. There is no clew.
A Royal Prisoner Acquitted.
BRUSSELS, 7 Belgium, Feb. 22.—
trial of Prince Charles of Loozetcorswarem,
a member of one of the most distinguished
- ITW ■__n._r.-_. ii - . **."*
families in Belgnim, upon charges of ex
tensive and protracted swindling opera
tions throughout Europe, ended to-day.
The prisoner was acquitted. A great sensa
tion wj_i caused.
dOLLEGE BOYS AT WAR.
A Llx-ely Scrimmage Starts During
\ Chapel Exercises. A
CRAWFORDSVILLE, Ixd., Feb. 22.—
The freshmen and sophomore classes of
Wabash College began a pitched battle to
day during chapel exercises, the trouble
growing out of the releasing -of a lot of
pigeons laden with sophomore- colors.
The moment the pigeons flew up the fresh
men arose in their seats and with wild yells
began firing hymnbooks, clubs and hats at
the birds. The sophomores then rushed
into the freshmen and a free tight began,
the students crowding out into the corri
dors.
The faculty tried to get the students to
desist, but were jeered. No recitations
could be held to-day, the wild hilarity con
tinuing unabated. The students are
parading the streets to-night and more
disorder is expected.
THIRTEEN BOOTES RECOVERED.
Rapid Progress Made in Clearing Away
Debris at the Vulcan.
NEWCASTLE, Colo., Feb. Thirteen
bodies have been taken from the Vulcan
mine, the last being that of Chris Brueger,
found in the left entry at 1:30 o'clock this
morning. Though good progress is made
at clearing away the debris, the disastious
effects of the explosion are more marked
as the workmen make their way into the
entries.
A force of men was set to work to-day to
construct a fanhouse in order that the
right entry may be cleared of gas. A re
lief committee has been appointed to look
after the destitute families, and subscrip
tions have already begun to come in. No
further rescue of bodies can be accom
plished until the fanhouses are rebuilt and
the mine surely cleared of the dangerous
gas.
BENTE_>CE OF SOLDIERS.
Imprisonment for Those Who Made As
saults on Chinese.
OMAHA, Nebk., Feb. 22.— T1-e findings
of the court-martial at Camp Pilot, \\ yo.,
on the anti-Chinese demonstration there
on January 18 were received at army head
quarters here to-day. On that date five
soldiers of the Eighth Infantry assaulted
several Chinese miners. Major Crowder,
judge advocate general, investigated.
The soldier who stood as guard was sen
tenced to two years in the military prison
and a dishonorable discharge. The others
were sentenced to six and five months re
spectively. The finding in the case of the
one who actually committed the assault
has not been received. It is presumed
that he wfll get a more severe sentence.
The miners said to have incited the attack
were only spectators.
OPEN HOUSE THE RULE.
.Suitable Celebration of the Anniversary
at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. MO., Feb. 22.— Washington's
birthday was generally observed here as a
holiday. The banks, the Merchants' Ex
change and all the Federal offices were
closed. To-night open house was the rule
at all the clubs and civic society halls.
President Coulter Resigns.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 22. — John M.
Coulter has resigned the presidency of
Lake Forest University to become head
professor of botany in the University of
Chicago, which has been endowed with
$1,000,000 for the botanical department.
President Coulter denied that his resigna
tion bore any relation to the reported af
filiation of the two universities.
Sirs. Maybrick to Be Liberated.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 22.— A special
cable aispajch to the Sun from London
says: There is excellent reason to believe
that the Home Secretary has decided to
liberate Mrs. Maybrick, who was convicted
some years ago at Liverpool of poisoning
her husband. An official announcement to
this effect will probably be made next
week.
Inhaled Fatal 1' times.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 22.— Three mem
bers of the Jacodi family were found un
conscious yesterday morning in their
farmhouse, near Niles Center. Fumes
from a coal stove filled the room and were
responsible for their condition. Annie Ja
codi, aged 15, and Jacob Jacodi, her father
will die; Mary Jacodi, her mother, will re
cover.
Shot While Yachting.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 22.-The fol
lowing dispatch was received by the Sun
last night: T'7.
BERMUDA, Feb. 20.— C. T. Johnson,
New York Yacht Club, shot himself this
afternoon on board Mr. Palmer's yacht
Yam pa. He is dead.
Will Row on the Tyne.
LONDON. Esq., Feb. 22.— The oarsmen
Bubear and Ross will row on the Tyne
championship course on March 4 for £100
a side. Bubear concedes Ross seven
seconds.
STREETCAR EMPLOYES
A Movement to Reduce Gripmen's
and Conductors' Hours
of Work.
LABOR CONVENTION WILL ACT.
Delegate Burns to Show the Evils of
the Present Street Railway
System.
When the Labor Convention adjourned
last Sunday it was to meet again at the
call of the chair. This call will be made
as soon as the organizing committee, com
posed of one delegate from each union,
shall make its report. This committee
will meet at 1159 Mission street and dis
cuss the platform of principles upon which
the convention shall be a permanent or
ganization. Many matters of interest will
be discussed at the meeting, and one of
particular importance. 7 It is with regard
to the hours of labor, as set forth in R. T.
Mclvor's resolution of last Sunday.
The subject will be presented by T. F.
Burns, the delegate from the Cigar-makers'
Union, who will introduce the following
resolution, relative to the hours of labor of
streetcar motormen,' grirmen and con
ductors: '
. Whereas, there are in the City and County
of San Francisco 3000 streetcar employes or
more who owing to. their. peculiar conditions
are unable to organize lor their protection and
benefit; and whereas, said employes are com -
pelled to labor unreasonably long hours in
order to retain their positions and are thus de
prived of all the rights that are inherent in
his great Republic and the institutions thereof;
and whereas, several attempts have been made
to organize said streetcar employes in a pro
tective body, which attempts have proved
futile owing to the street railway corporation's
espionage or system of spying into the move
men ts of its employes*, which results in pre-'
venting said employes from receiving the J
benefits of organization ; and whereas, this la
bor union convention stands pledged to do all
in its power to aid and assist all wage-earners,
and particularly those .who are unable to pro
tect tnemselves against the avarice, injustice
and abuse of greedy corporations ; therefore,
be it ■•-■.' ..;■■..-.:•
Resolved, That this convention call upon all
of the trades unions and liberty-loving citi
zens to unite in one grand effort to ameliorate
the condition of the employes of streetcar
railway companies; and be it'further •
Resolved,' That we will pledge ourselves In
dividually and collectively to secure the pas
sage of a legislative measure making the max
imum hours of labor eight hours a day on all ■
corporation work requiring municipal fran
chises, and . r
Resolved, That we call upon all streetcar em
ployes to unite with the wage-workers in a
grand political movement to abolish the
obnoxious system which generates the evils of
which we complain, and thus free all labor
from the thraldom of private capital.
T. F. BURN'S,
Delegate from the C. M. I. U. of A., Union 223.
Delegate Burns, in discussing his resolu
tion, gave several of the principal reasons
for its introduction. He said, in the first
place, that the hours the eripruen, the mo
torman and conductors are compelled to
work is simply an outrage that the people
should abolish. He said that this class of
wage-earners are compelled to go to work
at 5:30 o'clock in the morning and stand
at their posts for fourteen hours, with only
time enough to 'hastily swallow thin noon
lunches and evening meals. For this they
are poorly paid, and subject to abuse and
insults from unreasonable superiors and a
thoughtless public. Burns said :
Put yourself in the position of a motorman
or a gripman on one of the big lines for a little
while. . These men are subject to all conditions
of weather— heat, cold, rain and fog. All day
and half of the night they go forcing their way
through crowds of teams and gatherings of
people. One slip of the grip or motor or brake
and they crush into a wagon and smash the
vehicle or their car, for which they are held
responsible, or rundown and. injure or kill a.
human being. Tnese men's necessary watch
fulness keeps their nerves at a terrible tension
all day and half of the night. No human be
ing can stand such a strain day in and day out
for months and not break down.
Therefore I say that the public should de
mand that men in such responsible positions
shall not be overworked. There would be
fewer people killed and injured if the men in
charge of the street cable and electric cars
were not overworked. The conductors are
almost as badly situated. They work as long
hours aud are expected to gather in every rive
cent piece. If a passenger is accidentally
overlooked the conductor does not know but
he will be reported by a "spotter" .and dis
missed. As for the social life of these laborers,
they have none. It is one continuous grind
which grinds the life out of them and to falter
means to lose their jobs.
It ii" the duty of our convention to look after
the interests of those who are unable to protect
themselves. Should they attempt to organize
they would all be fired. lam sure if they had
a union that union would be represented in
our convention. By the suggestion I make
they can help themselves by voting for the
men the wage-workers will put to the front,
and the corporations will not be able to inter
fere with the voters under the present ballot
ing system. -74,
Mr. Burns said that in introducing the
resolution he will call attention to another
matter that should be looked into. Each
company keeps a large force of extra men
around its carhouse, who earn from $2 50
to $5 per week. The extra list is at least
30 per cent. of the working force, and their
hours are just as long as those of the regu
lars. They have to spend all their time
there, so as to be ready in case their ser
vices are wanted. Thus the companies re
ceive the benefit of* the time without pay
ing for the same. By reducing the hours
all would have a chance to work, and be
paid for it. Now the extra men virtually
give all their time, and are paid for
but a few hours' work. Mr. Burns added,
in conclusion: ,
There is still another piece of injustice prac
ticed upon these unfortunate men that beats
the gas company's deposit on the meter sys
tem. Every gripman, motorman and con
ductor, extramen •as well as regulars, is
obliged to deposit with the corporation $25 to
pay for damages to the cars and to Insure
honesty. There are over 3000 of these em
ployes and their deposits amount to over
"^TS.OOO, upon which the companies draw in
terest. What right have they to exact such a
tax from their men? I feel sure that the con
vention and the public in general will indorse
any law that will afford these streetcar em
ployes any relief whatever. :P;--,
l _ 111111l ill IM*
Bifr_n_ffl»Sftfl™»* hH n WWR Wvwkw\ tj I j| [ 1
tr ffBrHH __B_l Jttakw S Dnw. ni C**^- I
_35_<BR^^jRr__»_?Gi___p <^»b9 | Mff 1 [
*^wiCT^ii__r TT vl X, w x& JnJ?llj^gy_-ig_fy-- __a 3aSHI 1 1
ot-F^y _PJfe^T^^rlSHt^W________rS!S^__ ll! i _-W_i 1 1 1 1 1 1 IJ
- mtsru •» ; " i !*rKHj;^ ! -.^^jj^:H.;^j^i,ij!:i:jiji , iJrtW3*B«4 "• lliUli-6-l Ili 1 1 1 hvlTbi 1 1 1
>A FofiTtryA-rt CoMDVtxnos of va lllr®lllllllB111?i!ll
liver and Kidney Remedy || H jW j
Blood Purifier, 1118 11 1 1 1 Iliifi 111
nUJ nlfT-i 1 11 1 1 1 -Lil I Pl ' I
Stomach Regulator aad flßm Bfl
Vegetable Laxative jWffll RW I
Inexistetiee. A compound of the juices 10 I 19 i
.of Vegetable Alteratives Indigenous to ffIfIjI IiIIIIIeSJjIIII
THS SDWXN W. JOY COMPAUY, || IliffTniill
THE SBWIff W. JOY COMPANY, || jjjj l , !j| | I
8a? Fjuncmco, CALiroaitti» om Ti ' ETTT i
None genuine without this signatures i;iJ ! JlillllllllllHlr j
~-yY?-Yz^. I 8-DC for r«/z DOLLARS. @>^^e^^^^'
**"^^^^S*gBH-_SG____-_______^S__s_________BSssS_sil__?^-^ ' ***» . ~^T
DON'T TAKE A SUBSTITUTE.
DR. BROWN TALKS
OF HIS CASE
Confident Mrs. Stockton's
Story Has Left No
Evil Results.
MRS. COOPER IS BLAMED.
The Pastor's Wife Talks About
the Action of the Kinder
garten Worker.
MRS. BADDIN AS A WITNESS.
Attorney Woo-hams Preparing Evi«
dence for the Next Meeting
of the Council.
"You ask me why Dr. Brown permitted
Mrs. Stockton to remain in the church
after such damaging testimony as to her
character was brought out in the cross
examination Thursday night," said Mrs.
Brown yesterday.
"Well, it is just like this. A large part
of these facts,' with many, many, more,,
have come to our knowledge since the
council was called. That Larkspur epi
sode and the list of men named in the ex
amination we have learned witnin the
past few days.
"As to the revelation made by Mrs.
! Cooper to us in May, 18&4, involving some
of the most awful details, Mrs. Cooper her
self exacted the most solemn pledge of se
crecy before she told us these things. We
had only her for a witness, and she had
sworn us to secrecy on the ground that her
own good name would be involved because
she had introduced Mrs. Stockton to the
church and to Dr. Brown after knowing
her to be a bad woman. This is the sol
emn truth. Mrs. Cooper knows it to be
true. Hence her zeal from the outset to
hasten Dr. Brown's destruction. She saw
that the mention of Mrs. Stockton would
involve her. She knew that both Dr.
Brown and I knew the awful truth which
involved Mrs. Cooper and her connection
•with Mrs. Stockton. She <va_ therefore
compelled to choose which one she would
ally herself with. Mrs. Stockton has
money back of her, and Mrs. Cooper chose
accordingly.
"Hence you see clearly that to have be
gun a trial against Mrs. Stockton would
have instantly involved Mrs. Cooper's
good name which she had pledged us to
protect Mrs. Stockton never again re
turned to the church until she attempted
to get a church letter, but Dr. Brown
would not give it to her, and Mrs. Stock
ton never returned after this until she
came on the arm of Mrs. Cooper to testify
to her awful infamy." *
"In addition to" what my wife has al
ready said," remarked Dr. Brown last
night, "I can affirm without fear of con
tradiction that I never spoke to Mrs.
Stockton after Mrs. Cooper told me in the
presence of my wife of her true character.
To the best of my recollection I have never
seen her but once since November, 1894,
until Mrs. Cooper brought her in on her
arm the night before last.
"Attorney John. M. Crighton came to
me with a proposition from Mrs. Stockton
though he was unaware of the facts at
tbat time. 1 politely but promptly
handed htm his hat and told him never
to put his foot inside my door again. The
next night Mr. Crighton came to me and
apologized lor the part he had played. He
assured me that he was not till then aware
of Mrs. Stockton's character and inten
tions, and that he had accepted the mis
sion practically blind-folded. All this I
can prove.
"Mrs. Stockton was introduced to Mrs.
Cooper by a rich man who was paying a
handsome sum to the kindergarten schools.
The former secured a position as a teacher
on this man's recommendation, and she
was retained in the local schools as long as
possible. When decency no longer admit
ted of Mrs. Stockton remaining in the kin
dergarten work here Mrs. Cooper secured
her a position in Port Angeles. Why she
did not remain there- has already been
told.
"Mrs. Stockton refuses to fix dates. If
she had done so I could have shown by
mv reference book that I was either n't
home, at some parishioner's or by the side
of some sick-bed. Her scheme would have
taken me away from my dinner six or
seven times, hence my wife must of neces
sity have known of it.
"It is my invariable rule to go home
with my wife after efcfurcb service."
Judge-Advocate Woodhams is busy pre
paring evidence to be presented to the
council next Tuesday. Miss Cooper, it is
understood, will be a witness, and she
promises to throw some light on tho
mysterious disappearance of Mrs. Tunnell.
Mrs.Baddin is also likely to be brought
before the council, though this is by no
means certain as yet. She is said to be in
the City under an assumed name. ' %
Witnesses will be brou.ht forward to
confirm the story of Mrs. Stockton. They
are expected to prove that she and Dr.
Brown were at the places named. The
pastor will insist that Mrs. Lena Blan
chard be placed on the stand for further
cross-examination. It is hoped to weaken
her testimony by her own admissions.
Mrs. Blanchard stated to a Call reporter
immediately after the dramatic scene in
the council-room that if she had been
properly coached, as she anticipated, noth
ing of the character referred to would bave
happened. /•;,
Professor Lloyd will occupy the pulpit
of the First Congregational" Church to
day.
A Standard for Young; Men.
To-day at 3 o'clock Rev. W. H. Radar, by
special request, will deliver an address to
young men exclusively at the Young Men's
Christian Association Hall, Mason and Ellis
streets. It will be the eighth address In the
special course now being given at the institu
tion.
Hit "With a Hatchet.
Wong Kow, a cigar-maker, was visiting at
823 Clay street last night when he and another
Chinese had a row. The other Chinese picked
up a hatchet and struck Wong on the back of
his right ear. The hatchet was fortunately
blunt end only inflicted a flesh wound, which
was dressed at the Receiving Hospital.
A Coast Keprt-.eutati ye.
Joseph Cairn Simpson of Oakland has gone
to New York, where he is to represent the State
Agricultural Society, the Pacific Coast Trotting
horse Breeders' Association and other organi
zations as a delegate to' the meeting of the
National Trotting Association.
Black has always stood as the symbol of
mourning, death and trouble, though a
certain sacredness is attached to it through
its being being the chosen-hue of religion.
It was, however, chiefly as the symbol of
deadness to the world and worldly things
that the monk and nun assumed it.
The wife of the Emperor Hwangti, who
is worshiped by the Chinese as a goddess,
is said to have begun the manufacture of
silk in the Celestial Empire in 2600 B. C.
56
FATHER YORKE
TO MR. HUDELSON.
The Chancellor Ridicules
the A. P. A. Resident's
Forms. •
HIS OWN OBJECT TOLD.
Wishes to Get Behind A. P. A.
Principles and Platform
of the Order."
QUOTES FROM OFFICIAL PAPERS.
_
■\
The Priest Submits Some Extracts
Tending to Show the Sentiments
of the Protective Association.
The following letter has been received
from Father Yorke :
To the Editor of The Call: The Rev. Benjamin |
Hudelson is to the front tor the tenth time
with his wonderful platform and still more '
wonderful platitudes. What he hoDes to gain !
by this long-continued and indecent exposure j
of his intellectual poverty I cannot compre
hend. However, lie knows his own business
best. 1 have not the slightest desire to quarrel
With the masterly imbecility which character
ize his controversial effusions.
My object in these letters, Mr. Editor, is to j
expose the real nature of the A. P. A. I wish j
to get behind principles and platforms, and I
wish to show from deeds, documents, speeches, j
resolutions, what are the true objects of that !
organization. I must apologize in advance for I
the unmitigated rut which I am. compelled to j
fish up from the A. P. A. rubbish heap. Idol
not wish to judge that society by the state- |
ments of its enemies; I wish to describe it in ;
the words of its friends. If these words sound |
like the ravings of lunatics I cannot help it.
They are responsible who publish and scatter
them over the land.
A— HUDELSON'S DENIALS.
Before continuing my description of the A.
P. A. let me examine the denials which Mr.
Hudelson has picked up courage to make.
These denials are few and deal with matters I
oi fact and questions of responsibility. That !
they are so few and so immaterial to the
course of my argument is a testimony to the
care with which I have collected my material.
I do not deny that I may make a slip here and
there In correctly describing the numerous
officials and persons with whom I have to deal.
But I repeat now that I am ready and willing ;
to make correction when 1 have been shown to ;
he wrong. My purpose can be served only by
the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the i
truth.
I. DENIAL OF FACTS.
In my letters I made certain assertions con
cerning the A. P. A. Four of these Mr. Hudel
son deuies and offers his denial as a demon
stration of my ignorance. It is my duty to
consider these denials and produce my proof
for what I have stated.
(_) ADAM FAWCETT.
Mr. Hudelson writes: "Yorke also says:
■Adam Fawcett is one of its grand officers.' " I
I beg to remark, Mr. Editor, that I made no l
such statement. If Mr. Hudelson is compelled \
to Invent facts in older to deny them he ought !
to use a little more circumspection.
What I did say was: "'According to the tes
timony of lain Fawcett, one of the grand i
officers of the organization, the A. P. A. was i
born D Clinton, lowa, about eight years ago. !
This testimony may be found in the Century j
Magazine for July, 1894.*'
At thai time Adam Fawcett was one of the
grand officers. He was supreme vice-president !
until the fourth National Convention, which
met at Liberty Hall, Milwaukee, Wis., last May.
At tris convention Mr. Hudelson was present, j
and he knows why poor Fawcett was turned !
off*. Fawcett's office is now occupied by a man I
named Jackson. I cannot resist the. tempta
tion to reprint a description of said Jackson
from Brann's Iconoclast. It is of course out of j
the way, but it may help to enliven this tedi
ous discussion.
FAWCETT'S SUCCESSOR.
The Iconoclast '.us just discovered J. H. Jackson i
of Fort Worth; Texas. Jackson is just about to
save the world— to inaugurate the Golden Age, to
pull the Millennium In by the ears. We have just, '
learned that he's living, and bave lifted out a j
whole pace of live "ads" that we may Impart to i
the public thut important information. That, i
with our long-range telescope, we have hitherto !
overlooked Jackson, fronting destiny like a muley- j
calf facing a runaway freight train, is our mis
fortune, not his fault. He has been there all the !
tune, not only willing but eager to he observed.
When • rsi observed be was a Democrat with a
wc!l-."eiined i:th _oro_*lce. Jackson is not a star
of the lirst magnitude In the political firmament,
tut his procession is something appalling.
He is maklrirf the rounds of all the constellations
to soo which he likes best. At the gait he is now
going, it will not take him ten years to make the :
entire c:r-*"e of the political zodiac. When first
obsfrved be was a Democrat with a well-defined
Itch for oflice. Failing to find* a panacea for his
pain, he turned Topulist, and tried to break into
:l,- Legislature by means Of the Omaha platform,
but was apalu hoist with .own petard. All Jack
son's petards seem to go oil* prematurely and leave
him ou' side the walls. After failing to reach the
Lt-tisiature by bawling for Populism with his
mouth open, he turned up as wheel horse in the a.
I. A., and, by close attention toother people's bus
lnrss. has attained to the National vice-presidency
of tbe Aggregation of Political Asses. *'
Unquestionably Jackson has Decome a great
man. out a tritle too nxich inclined to spill his
KuperlatlV-Sess through his teeth to work out the
paivation of Ids long-suffering country by the
magic power of wind. Hi- lias SL Vitus' dance of
the jawbone— has contracted the bad habit of
interviewing himself when he has nothing to say.
Jack.oD fairly ooz-s patriotism. His zeal regis
ters 200 In the shade when there's frost on the
trass. lie is the knight errant of A. P. A.lsm. He
has straddled bis Hostname and sallied forth to
rescue maid - forlorn from the multifarious ills of
convent, liv-— to snatch cities, States and nations
from the deep-eyed villainy of the Vatican. He ls
wielding his snickersnee with all the vigor of the
Maid of Saiogossa, is loading and firing his old
smoothbore with tue impetuosity of a Molly
P.icher.
(6) DONALD ROSS.
In my last letter I called Donald Rob* the
secretary of the advisory board.
Mr. Hudeison replies, "Donald Ross la not
secretary of the advisory board."
Mr. Hudelson is right, and I make the'eor
rection. Donald Ross is vice-president of the
advisory board.
My authority is the written report of the new
advisory announcing that it bad organized
and elected officers. The mistake arose from a
too hasty glance at that report. ,
My inaccuracy, however, does 'not affect. my
argument. I referred to : Ross' position to
show that he was a good representative of the
A. P. A. That he occupies the position of vice
president instead of the position of secretary
only adds new significance to my reference.
(C) TEAYNOB.
While speaking of the Canadian, Traynor, I
denominated him the "boss" of the order. Mr.
Hudelson says "Traynor is not boss of the is
nitution. He is its supreme president, nut if
Father Yorke imagines that the A. P. A. is
bossed he should hold one of Its executive
offices for a while." 4 :'.'■ *:•
The standard -dictionary defines boss as "A
manager or dictator of a party organization,
especially one who uses such leadership arbi
trarily or for private or partisan purposes; the
head of a 'ring.'"
In order, therefore, to see what Mr. Hudel
son's denial is worth, let us soe if (1) the A. P.
A. is a party organization; (2) if Traynor is its
manager or dictator; (3) if Traynor uses his
leadership for private or partisan purposes.
1. THE A. T. A. 18 A POLITICAL TARTY. •
One of Mr. Hudelson's wonderful platitudes
is "The association is not a political party."
Webster defines a party as a number of per
sons united in opinion or action as dis
tinguished from or opposed to the rest of the
community or association, especially one of
the parts into which a people is divided on
questions of public policy."
Certainly the Rev. Benjamin Hudelson will
not deny that, the A. P. A. is made up of a
number of persons.. He hopes that they are
united in opinion and he exhorts them to be
united in action. He knows that they are dis
tinguished from the rest of the community by
an ignorance and a bigotry unparalleled in
modern times, and he realizes that he and his
are opposed to the same community in the
determination to impose a religious test as a
qualification for office in these United States.
That the A. P. A. is a political party is as
serted by Preside t Traynor, , a Canadian
Orangeman, in his annual address delivered
in Milwaukee, May 9, 1895. Speaking of Prot
estant pastors in the South he says, "They
need the aid of a powerful political organ
ization such as only our grand and glorious
order can afford." Indeed many paragraphs
of this address are devoted to the argument
that the A. P. A. should come out with an in
dependent ticket. I suppose Mr. Hudelson is
aware that Stevedore Spear of this City is cir
culating a petition for signatures among the
lodge* so that if the old parties in this City at j
the coining election do not knuckle down to
the A. P. A. machine, the names of distinc
tively A. P. A. candidates may be placed on
the ballot. If these things do not make the A.
P. A. a political party 1 do not know what
would. ,
2. TRAYNOR IS MANAGER AND DICTATOR.
By the constitution of the A. P. A. the presi
dent is supreme executive officer. Such a
Position alone would justify the application of ,
the term boss. But the title is especially ap
propriate because . :.iV
3. TP.AY.VOR USES HIS LEADERSHIP FOR PRIVATE
. OR PARTISAN PURPOSES.
To prove this proposition I call in the testi
mony of a gentleman once well known in this
City," the Rev. T. C. Easton, D.D.. of the East
ern Presbyterian Church, Washington, D. C.
The press dispatches, under date November 9,
181)5, announce his withdrawal from the order
because of mismanagement.
"Dr. Easton," says the dispatches, "claims
that he is just as firm an adherent of the prin- ■
ciples of the organization as ever, and it is
said has in contemplation the formation of a
rival organization m furtherance of the same
views."
Among his reasons are the following, which
bear on Traynor's position In the A. P. A.:
My dissatisfaction with the manner in which the
organization Is. conducted dates back to May of
this year, when I was selected as a delegate from
the District of Columbia to the Supreme Council
at Milwaukee. When I arrived there I found a |
deplorable condition of affairs. Over half of the
men who sat in the supreme body were not entitled
to seats under the constitution of the order. They
were seated by a credential committee appointed
by Supreme President Traynor.
With a membership in the millions the books of
the treasurer showed an apparent balance of a few
hundred dollars, and subsequent developments
forced the confession from the supreme president
that even this balance was only apparent and that
the treasury was bankrupt. A trust fund of sev
eral hundred dollars, taken up by subscription for
a specific purpose, bad been misapplied and the
administration had been characterized by an utter
disregard of the constitution.
'Ihrough the votes of the" delegates illegally
stated In the convention Supreme President Tray
nor was re-elected. Utterly disgusted l* left the
convention before Its adjournment, having pre
viously announced my • intention to withdraw;
from the order. At the. earnest request of promi
nent members here and throughout the country I I
held .my resolution ln abeyance for a while In the !
hope that something could be done without open
disrupt on, but recent events have satisfied me of
the futility of such hopes. • .
The power of the supreme president ls, In fact,
supreme, lie can pack future conventions as he
packed the last. He is as much of a despot in bis
particular province as the Czar of Russia; he can
override the constitution with impunity, and if
charges were preferred against him his own ap
pointees would try him. 1. is useless to struggle
against such an organization. The d.scontin*. is
widespread throughout the order. Several of the
most peaceful State bodies have declined to pay
any per capita tax into ths supreme treasury, or
give It any support.
These are my reasons, Mr. Editor, for calling
Traynor the boss of the A. P. A. By the way,
is Traynor a citizen of these United States?
la) THE ADVISORY BOARD.
Mr. Hudelson denies that the A. P. A. puts
its followers at the mercy of advisory boards
and says that I might as well talk of putting
the people at the mercy of the Congressmen
they elect.
Let me first say what an advisory board is.
It is a body made up of members of the A. P. A.
whose business it is to select a ticket which the
members may vote. The general advisory
board acts for the United States, the State ad
visory board for the jurisdiction.
Besides these two bodies there is in San
Francisco an advisory board for the City and !
County. This is not a "legal body, as Mr. "Hud- j
elso»j has been compelled to inform the recal
citrant time, and time again. But it does for
San Francisco what the State advisory board
does-for California.
Now the American plan of selecting candi
dates for office is by means of a free and open,
convention. When a ticket is selected by a
few men in a back room in secret session and
forced on a convention we have boss rule. The
convention is at the mercy, of the boss and of
his henchmen. So when a ticket is selected by
a few men in a back room in secret session and
forced upon a city we have boss rule of the i
worst kind.
In the course of this letter I shall have oc- !
casion to deal with the State advisory board.
Let me describe the method of action pur
sued "by the City advisory board at the last ;
election. P : '/p. /- ■■ -■■/. z: z'.
At the various conventions candidates had j
been chosen for the various offices. The can- '■
didates had been selected in open meeting and ;
by the duly elected delegates of the two great '
parties. Because some imagined that wire- I
pulling or secret dictation had affected the re- j
suit a non-partisan ticket was put before the !
electors. Besides this the People's party had j
its candidates and there were sideshows in
numerable. * ■-****
The A. P. A. at that time claimed -11,223
members in good standing and these 11,000
men stood ready to vote for any one whom the
advisory board would recommend. Many of
them belonged to the older parties, were
active in conventions and were according to
all the rules of honor bound to the nominees
whom they had helped to select, yet they re
mained waiting day by day until a secret body
should declare: "Vote for this man and not
for that." ,v. ".*--..
As it drew near the election there were*
many calls for the names of the favorites of the
order. But these names were refused. On
Friday, October 26, 1894, at the meeting of
Council No. 1 it was announced that the
names of the candidates which were to he
supported by the A. P. A. should not be given
out in the councils. The names would be put
on tickets and distributed to the .members.
This was before the advisory board had made
its selections. .' " ■*■ '. . •■-.■.
.On Monday, October 29, 1894. at the meet
ing of the Eureka Social Club, Mr. Rhoda, the
president, made a speech exhorting the mem
bers to support the men to be selected by the
advisory board. This ' speech was received
with cheers. At that time the advisory board
had selected only a few candidates. ;
Thus the 11.000 odd members gave them
selves and their votes into the hands of men
they did not know and whose action they in
dorsed beforehand. ■-»*."■_ r~
Let us now take a look at the advisory board.
On Monday, October 29, 1894, the question of
the Sheriff 's office came up. Two. candidates
were considered l by the , board, namely, Archi
bald and McNab. A strong fight was made for
Archibald. His friends said that he had joined
the order in its infancy, and that now when it
had some power he should be supported. On
the other hand the supporters of McNab as
serted that as far as membership went he was
with them heart and soul; that if elected he
would have none but Protestants employed
under him, and that he had the support of a
large number of secret societies. __
Of course, Mr. Editor. I am not prepared to
say that the statements made by the friends of
Archibald or McNab were true." All I assert is
that these reasons were urged by the friends of
the candidates on the advisory board. What
credence we can put in the words of the mem
bers of that board will appear later on.
The outcome of the fight was that McNab re
ceived forty-two votes and Archibald twenty
four. Poor Archibald ! Everyone knows the
sad, the squalid result. A reluctant indorse
ment of NcNab was wrung from him as ho lav
delirious on his bed by J. Q. A. Henry end read
at; the Mechanics' Pavilion. The advisory
board had triumphed. Forty-two men tried
to force a Sheriff on this City of San Francisco
not because he was abler, better, purer than
the other candidates, but because they thought
he would give positions to none but Protest
ants. A. : p I
At the beck of these forty-two men. 11,000
voters stood ready. They were i not permitted
to use an American freeman's right of selec
tion. The candidate was chosen for them for
reasons they never heard, : and they were
marched like cattle to the polls to vote at the
dictation of a junta, every- member of which
was a traitor to the constitution of the State of
California. ■••■.' ■■-*■•• - ■-,-,:*-,..*. .
If Instead of being the lowest of the low the
members of the .advisory board were angels,
such a method of procedure is un-American
and unrepublican. Moreover, it opens the
way to all kinds of fraud . and bribery. As a
matter of fact, members of this advitory board
sold their support for cash to certain candi
date--, and Mr. Hndelson knows it.
Such, Mr. Editor, are a few of my reasons for
saying that the A. P. A. puts its members at
the mercy of an advisory board. If Mr. Hud
elson wants any more instances I am willing
to give them.
When Mr. Hudelson compares his advisory
board to our Congressmen he shows an ignor
ance of the constitution which is not unex
pected in the president of a treasonable and
un-American organization. When the Con
gressmen shall meet in secret session on the
evoof election and telegraph to the country,
"Here are your candidates, vote for them/
then Mr. Hudelson's parallel- will hold. When
that comes to pass the holding of popular elec
tions will be abolished as a useless proceeding.
It is so mucn handier to have our representa
tives selected in the back room of a saloon.
1 would advise Mr. Hudelson to read the his
tory of this country and to try to learn what
republican institutions mean— a government
of : the people, for the ► people, and by the
people; not a government of cliques, for the
benefit of clerical politicians, and effected by
the most ignorant, the most vicious and the
most corrupt elements in the community. ; •
(c) hudelson's OATH.
The Rev. Benjamin Hndelson says if I knew
anything about the order 1 could explain why
he can appear to commit perjury with im
punity. ■ 1 prefer | that he make the I explana
tion. He has sworn with his hand on his heart,
"I will not enter into any controversy with a
Roman Catholic on the subject of the order."
Please tell us, Mr. . Hudelson, about this new
way of keeping old oaths? •'?—< •
So much now for Mr. Hudelson's denials of
facts. . He has convicted me of one inaccuracy.
I have corrected it, and* lo! my argument is
stronger than ever before.
- My assertion is demonstrated; anything less
than the truth will not serve my purpoee.
2. DENIALS OP RESPONSIBILITY. T-
The Rev. Mr. Hudelson wishes to escape the
responsibility of the quotations which I made
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
from A.P. A. papers and A. P. A. speakers.
Let me take up his instances in order
(a) WASHINGTON GLADDEN.
I quoted Washington Gladden as a witness to
the fact that a panic of terror reigned in Ohio
because of the circulation of forged docu
ments.
Mr. Hudelson says: "He quoted Washington
Gladden and holds me and my order responsi
ble."
I did not hold the A. P. A. responsible for
what Gladden says, but I hold the A. P. A. re
sponsible for the facts to which Gladden bears
witness. I hold the A. P. A. responsible for
the circulation of the vilest forgeries which
were ever perpetrated by the depraved in
genuity of man. For these forgeries and for
the effects produced by them in this City and
in • this State I hold "Benjamin Hudelson re
sponsible also. pp :.'■;
(6) ELBERT HUBBARD. V. '-'
I quoted Elbert Hubbard as a witness to the
fact that an apprehension of a Catholic up
rising existed throughout the Middle States.
Mr. Hudelson complains that I hold him re
sponsible for what Mr. Hubbard said.
I hold his order responsible for the facts to
which Mr. Hubbard testifies. The A. P. A. dis
tributed these documents to which Mr. Hub
bard referred, and Hudelson dares not deny
it. He knows that he and his order are
steeped to the lips in lies and in forgerr and
he has no right to whine now that I hold him
responsible. 1 am coming' to more lies, Mr.
Hudelson. lam taking my time about it, De
cause lam hunting in a corral. lam coming
to the exposure of your own deceit and your
own forgery. I will tell how you lied about
the church, how you lied about the offices, how
you lied about the Magdalen Asylum, how you
lied about your order.and how^ou lied about
yourself. What is more, Mr. Hudelson, I ex
pect to prove it.
(C) TRAYNOR AGAIN.
I quoted from Traynor's message as to the
organization of an A. P. A. militia. Tnat
message bore the same relation to the A. P. A.
that the President's message does to the party
to which he belongs. In that message Traynor
asserted that the Catholics were arming and
that the country was therefore in danger. He
recommended that the Apaists should also arm
to protect our institutions. This is the teach
ing of the A. P. A. and for it the A. P. A. and
Benjamin Hudelson are responsible. "
This man, living in the nineteenth century,
and writing in a metropolitan paper, ls
pilloried before a laughing world as the dis
penser of tales with which wicked nursery
maids frighten little children into submission.
And this reverend bogieman does it all for the
advancement of Benjamin Hudelson and the
protection of our American in-sti-too-tions.
(cf) THE AMERICAN PATRIOT.
Mr. Hudelson shows a disposition to re
nounce the Apeist press. He declares the order
is no more responsible for what occurs in these
papers than is the Democratic party for what
occurs in a Democratic paper.
The parallel is absurd. Our papers are not
controlled by party organisations. The Demo
cratic party of San Francisco has neither hand,
act nor part in the management of the Exam
ine?. The RepuDlican party has nothing to
say to the policy of The Call. But the Amer
ican Patriot is the indorsed organ of the A. 1
P. A., and was founded to spread A. P. A. prin
ciples.
Here Is the indorsement of Mr. Hudelson's
predecessor; 'z yp-ry
The Patriot ' Publishing Company, *)
Y. M. C. A. Buildlnß, }-
Room 7, fourth floor. J ■: v: v
Sax Fkancisco, Sei>tember2o, 1894.
A PAPER FOB ALL WHO LOVK AMERICAN INSTI
TUTIONS. . .* '
To the Friends and Councils of the A. P. A., State :
of California — _kie.vi*s: It bring of great im
portance that our order have a newspaper on a
good and solid basis, to set forth and defend the
principles we agitate, and as the American Patriot
of this City has recently changed hands and is now
published by the Patriot Publishing Company, a
corporation, with a capital stock of $25,000, at f 1
per share, we think i. wise and eminently proper
that all friends of the order, individually and col
lectively, should lend a helping hand, to the end
that an able .paper, edited in the Interest of our
order, may become an assured fact. .
On August Blast, the American Patriot was pur
chased from I). T. Stanley, the then owner of tne
paper.. The first payments were made by friends
contributing according to their means, and at this
writing the paper lias not been fully paid for. The
advertisements In the paper as yet amount to lit
tle, many advertisers being timid, and the sub- j
scriptions are not enough to meet all demands upon
the paper. The directorship consists of five care- j
ful and able men of our order. J. Q. a. Henry, of I
whom the Pope has heard, is the managing editor. i
('. A. Hubbell, buisness manager. The paper is
now In good sbapeto build upon. The intention is to
immediately sell only so much of the capital stock !
for a reserve fund as will meet, from time to time, i
the legitimate demands upon the paper above its I
present small earnings. But no assessments shall ''
be levied so long as stock can be sold to enable the
directors to meet the more pressing demands.
Now I, G. O. Baker, State president of the order
known as the A. P. A., State of California, most
earnestly suggest that all councils and friends in
dividually throughout the State subscribe for and j
take stock in the Patriot, so that we may have a I
paper of which we may be proud. A few Individ- '
uals in this City have taken as much as $100 each.
Council Mo. 1 of this City has taken as high as 9300
worth of stock. So, while you are at It be liberal,
even though you are compelled to ■ pay for your
stock In installments.
The Crocker-Woolworth Bank of this City Is the
custodian of the ■ money of the corporation, and
money for the stock can be sent there, and the sec
retary of the Patriot Publishing Company will
send the certificates of stock, through them, to the
purchasers. Yours in P., I*. and P.,
('. G. Baker,
State President American Protective Associa- !
lion.
G. A. nrBBET.L,
Business Manager Patriot Publishing Company.
The sentiments of Mr. Baker are indorsed by
Mr. Hudelson : *
* __. Ti THE POWER OP THE PRESS.
BY THE STATE PRESIDENT.
The power of the press in molding the public
mind car not be overestimated- It is. the educator
of the people upon the questions confronting them.
Therefore we should do all within our power to
build up a strong and vigorous paper, to the end
•that the people may be educated along the lines
of the objects and alms of the A. P. a.
We are misrepresented everywhere, and this
misrepresentation will prejudice many good and
honest Americans against us if we do not meet it
and set ourselves right. The American Patriot has
often been the center of attack by our enemy, and
If he succeeds in scattering oiir forces at this
center he will have succeeded ln weakening us all
along the line. •
Patronize. and support as many papers as yon
choose, but see to 1t that you do not waver in your
friendship for the Patriot. If it is not just what
you wtfuld like it to be help make it better— give to
it your word of encouragement, your support, your
counsel. If we should rally as we ought we could
in a very short time make It a power that would
cause the enemies of good government to tremble
and the Roman Catholic hierarchy to realize that
it must stop making faces at our public schools and
cease Its Interference in our civil and political
affairs.
Friends of California, let us remember that this
is a time to be seriously in earnest. Our home,
our school, our Government is (.sic) the ques
tion—let us rally everywhere: take up the tight
with renewed energy; be willing to work and to
sacrifice, if need I be, that we have a strong, vig
orous and wide-awake paper. Rally to" the
Patriot's support, that it may be able to fight our
battles before the people. B. F. lludeijson.
After all these indorsements B. F. Hudelson
now rises to disown his organ. But it is too
late, Mr. Hudelson. You have declared It to
be a "molder of public opinion." "I thank
thee, Jew, for teaching me that word." "A
molder of public -pinion." Public opinion is
to be molded by spreading forgery, calumny,
falsehood broadcast. It may be done as well
by the signed communication as by the
authoritative editorial. Whisper it that the
papists arc bloodthirsty. Drop au obscure hint
that there are arms concealed in churches.
Suggest that cutting the throats of Protestants
is a favorite pastime of the Pope. A word
here, a paragraph there, an innuendo, a bold
statement— all these things mold public
opinion and because they are intended to
mold public opinion, to sow the seeds of
bigotry, of hatred and of all uncharitableness—
you, Mr. Benjamin' Hudelson, are responsible.
I have taken up so much space in replying to
Mr. Hudelson's denials that I defer the second
part of this letter until to-morrow. Yours
truly, ; -._ . - p. c. Yorke.
VEREIN EINTRACHT'S BALL.
Hundreds of Couples Mingled ln the
Maxes of the Dance. .
Blooming dairy-maids, kings and lords
of high degree, somber monks and god
desses fresh from OlymDus, knights armed
ip glittering armor and cupids with their
heart-piercing arrows mingled in the
mazes of the dance at last night's masque
rade ball of the Verein Eintracht.
Early in the evening the festivities
began and the sun was beginning to dispel
the darkness ere the last merrymaker
had hied away to his home. At 11 o'clock
to the tune of*Sousa's popular strains the
grand march began.
Hundreds of couples wound in and ont
at the direction of . the leader, making a
gorgeous and f pleasing spectacle. After
the march the usual order of dances were
indulged in by tne visitors until the or
chestra hail worn itself out. -
Measure for Measure.
To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock the ad
dress in the special course to young men at the
Young Men's Christian Association . Hall will
be given by Rev. W. H. Rader, pastor of . the
Third Congregational, Church. Mr. Rader's
subject will be "Measure for Measure." There
will be special music; seats free to all young
men.
Rally of the League.
The League of the Cross will hold a rally -in
Mission Parlor Hall, the Native Sons' building
in the Mission, at 2P. m. to-day. Rev. J Peter
C. 'Yorke .will open the proceedings with; an
address and an interesting programme will be
presented.
LOYAL KNIGHTS
OF ST. PATRICK
They Observe Washington's
Birthday With Music
and Song.
PATRIOTIC SENTIMENTS
Charles M. Shortridge Writes of
the Man Whose Memory
the Country Honors.
AN ILLUSTRATED LECTURE.
A Trip Around the World Beautifully
Reflected on Canvas— A Pleas
ant Evening.
The Washington - birthday celebration
under the auspices of the I Knights of St.
Patrick at Metropolitan Hall last night
was a great success. There was an im
mense throng present, and the greatest en
thusiasm prevailed. Hundreds were un
able to gain admittance and went away
disappointed. i.
The National colors draped the hall.
Love of country and the historical figure
generally spoken of as "Father George"
were everywhere manifest. There were
National music, National songs and Na
tional sentiments.
The opening cumber on the programme
was" a piano selection (with Janko key
board) by Miss Alice Tisdall.
This was followed by a soprano solo,
"In Seville's Groves," by A. Miss Millie
Flynn, an artist of much note. President
Jeremiah Deasy made a brief introductory
address in which he eulogized the first ex
ecutive of the Republic. Mr. Deasy ex
pressed regret at the absence through ill
ness of Charles M. Shortridge, who had
been announced as the orator of the even
ing. .He said, however, that a letter had
been received from Mr. Shortridge. It
was read by Frank Shea as follows:
San Francisco, Cal., Feb 22, 1896.
Hon. Jeremiah Diaey, President Of the. Knights
of St. Patrick— Dear *-ir: I regret exceedingly
i tnat a serious and prolonged illness confines
i me to my home and prevents my presence
; among you to-night.
1 had looked* forward with eagerness and
i pleasure to the prospect of being with you
; upon the occasion of your entertainment in
I honor of Washington's" birthday ana in loving
; and loyal remembrance of him whom our Na
i tion and all civilized men delight to honor. I
| assure you that I feel the "disappointment of
my enforced absence more keenly than your-
I selves, and this especially because I esteemed
I it a most fitting time and occasion to entorce
I with my all too feeble utterance certain prin
j ciples of liberty and of loyalty to our Ameri
: can institutions, of which the life and char
j acter of Washington give apt and ample illus
tration. If there is any one characteristic of
that great soldier and statesman which lifts
its white summit above the rest of his high
qualities, it is to be found in the standard of
excellence which he set for the selection of his
friends and associates in the mighty task of
achieving liberty and nationality for the
American people.
It was loyalty to American institutions
which George Washington especially required
In those whom he made: his confidants and
friends and to whom he intrusted the com
mand of armies aud the* control of affairs of
state. It mattered little to him from what
country, clime or race men c#me or what
might be their social station or religious creed
if only they loved liberty and were resolved
with him to see it perpetuated upon American
soil. It is necessary to recall to your minds
but a single illustration of the broad liberality
of the Father of His Country In this respect.
The four American patriots tr horn President
Washington selected above all others as his
Cabinet advisers were Hamilton, Jefferson,
Knox and Randolph. Of these, Hamilton was
a native of the West Indies, Jefferson and Ran
dolph were Virginians, while General Henry
Knox was born in Boston of Irish parentage
and was noted throughout his illustrious
career as a soldier aud statesman, for his pride
of extraction and his affection for his fellow-
Americans of the Irish race. I point to this
example for the purpose of emphasizing to
your minds and hearts to-night, the truth that
the foundation stone of our republic is the un
divided loyalty of its citizens of whatever race
or creed to American ideas of liberty and law<
The love of liberty under law filled Washing
ton's mind and inspired his whole life. .That
love breathes in his every written utterance,
whether it be private correspondence or seri
ous state papers. He knew that liberty to be
preserved must be hedged round by just and
equal laws, and ho inculcated a reverent obe
dience to such laws.
Neither love, nor patriotism, nor poetry, nor
oratory can magnify the value of the services
he rendered to America and to the world. His
labors on the field* were no more brilliant or
valuable than his services in the convention
that framed our constitution and in the execu
tive chair. Grave, serious and religious, de
voted to liberty and wedded to constitutional
government, scrupulously honest in all his re
lations to individuals or to the State, and de
manding an exacting unqualified fidelity to
every duty assumed or delegated, be rose and
stood and stands as the great model for his and
future generations.
I am dictating these few lines from a sick
bed. I cannot tell you of my love and admira
tion for the great man whose fame encircles
the earth. The mighty theme overcomes me.
For assistance J turn to the land whose sons
have battled in every.struggle for liberty and
who deservedly enjoyed the fullest confidence
of Washington. Let those words of Charles
Phillips, the eloquent Irish orator, express my
thoughts and yours:
"It matters very little what immediate spot
may be the birthplace of such a man as Wash
ington. No people^can claim, no country can
appropriate him; the boon of Providence to
the human race, his fame is eternity and his
residence creation. Though it was the defeat
of our arms and the disgrace of our policy, I
almost bless the convulsion in which he had
his origin. If the heavens thundered and the
earth rocked, yet when the storm passed, how
pure was the climate that it cleared; how
bright in the brow of the firmament was the
planet which it revealed to us! . " -
"In the production of Washington it does
really appear as if nature was endeavoring to
improve upon herself, and that all the virtues
of the ancient world were but so many studies
preparatory to the patriot of the new. Indi
vidual instances no doubt there were; splen
did exemplifications of some single qualifica
tion: Caesar was merciful, Scipio was conti
nent, Hannibal was patient; but it was re
served for Washington -to blend them all in
one, and like the lovely chef d'oeuver of the
Grecian artist, to exhibit in one glow of asso
ciated beauty, the pride of every model, and
the perfection of every master. As a general
he marshaled the peasant into a veteran ana
supplied by discipline the absence of expe
rience; as a statesman, he enlarged the policy
of the Cabinet into the most cemprehensive
system of general advantage; and such was the
wisdom of his views and the philosophy of his
counsels that to the soldier and the statesman
he almost added the character of the sage. •
"A conqueror, he was untainted with the
crime of blood; a revolutionist, he was -free
from any stain of treason; ; for aggression com
menced the contest and' his country called
him to the command. • Liberty unsheathed his
sword, necessity stained, victory j returned I it. .
If he had paused , here I history might have
doubted what station to assign him whether
at the head of her citizens or ncr soldiers, her
heroes or her patriots. But the last glorious
act crowns his career and banishes all hesita
tion. Who, like Washington, 1 after having
emancipated a hemisphere, resigned its crown,
and preferred the retirement of domestic life
to the adoration of a land ho might De almost
said to have created? : •
"How shall we rank thee upon glory's page,
Thou more than soldier and just less than sage;
All thou hast been reflects less fame on theo—
Far leas than all thou hast foreborne to be 1" • ,
Once more expressing my profound regret
that I cannot be with you :in person to-night,
I beg to remain, dear sirs, very * sincerely
yours, ■•* Chas. M. Shortridge.
Mr. Shortridge's sentiments were well
received by the audience. - ■■ I .
• After a soprano solo by Miss Julia Sulli
van an illustrated lecture. "From the East
to the West.", was given by Mrs. Hattie B.
Steele. This part of the programme was
■ .*•: :"■'■" ■'■'•"-.- ...:•■■"■• - •>■■.'--'. . . ■■■■■,
[7 ■ ;■_, _'^. :__:;. __ L __7______^__ NEW TO-DAT-DRY GQODSl^^^^.^ -___ /. .......
I It Pays to Trade With Us. |
T Our Prices, our Goods, our Methods make It so. The Intermingling of new things at Y
V proper prices with those we want to close out at sacrifice prices makes it so. The fact V
O of our doing an absolutely CASH business, giving credit to nobody, makes It so. And O
6 the fact of; our having strictly ONE PRICE to all, treating everybody alike and. as <*)
A liberally as we know how, makes it so. In fact It is our guiding rule, "YOUR A
X. MONEY'S WORTH OR YOUR MONEY BACK," that makes it so. A
6 :^-.:^' : ./«.' = : - :- = : = : --.-- ' : *"■ 6
0 Here's Some of the Best Reasons for Trading With Us. 0
§ Spring Dress Goods. ' Stanley Shirt .Waists. New Wash Fabrics. $
V The advance shipments of new At 7oC Each. Arrival of new French Fancy V
Q weaves are here. They have been These celebrated Shirt Waists' Organdies, perfect dreams in Per- (S
X arrivine bv exoressfor the nast W need no introduction at our hands. sian and figured designs, the love- T
V dSS L! IZ ?n liLl T We have just received 100 dozen of Hest high-class wash goods shown O
£fc days and -are now in stock, ready the $1 50, $125 and fl kind, bought - this- season. Regular price down- JU
oflo for inspection. The styles are pret- at a bargain price, to be sold that *o wn 4 0c yard. Our price 30c, a oflo
3c tier than ever and the prices not at way— all colors, all styles, all kinds saving of 10c a yard in trading oflo
So all high. They start at about $5 for -at the uniform price of 75c each. with us. ■ |g
ofio „ _,„;n_. tt. a 4. __: Bee display in one of the front win- oAo
°y^ a suit length and at easy stages run dows. *.*-"-*- .; 2G
oflo' up to $25 and $30. The styles are " ti . New Liver-color Batistes, in pretty So
32 all new creations and comprise Our Great Sacrifice Sale of last striped effects. 12Kc yard. oflo
oflo T-V'T season's Shirt Waists at 35c apiece 3U
C Y 3 o>#■ a ixr still going on. We have added a\
cJU Frintea warps, great many new styles to give im- New Figured Dimities, in light, oflo
I Spring Dress Goods. Stanley Waists worth 75c, $1 . dark and liver colors, 15c yard, $
The advance shipments of new *■ 75c Each. Arrival of new French Fancy V
weaves are here. They have been These celebrated Shirt Waists Organdies, perfect dreams in Per- p
arriving by express for* the past few need no in deduction at our hands. "an and fieured dorfgnSji the love- T
_* DW . orf,* ar _ t^w •„ . i i We have just received 100 dozen of liest high-class wash goods shown O
days and are now in stock, ready the « $1 25 and $1 kind) bought this season. Regular price down- JU
for inspection. The styles are pret- at a bargain price, to be sold that town 40c yard. Our price 30c, a ofio
tier than ever and the prices not at way— all colors, all styles, all kinds saving of 10c a yard iu trading o£o
all high. They start at about $5 for -at the uniform price of 75c each. with us. ££
» „.,-. i 11. a l See display in one of the front wm- _— — — «-v^
a suit length and at easy stages run dows. oXo
up to $25 and $30. The styles are New Llrer-color Batistes, in pretty 35
all new creations and comprise Our Great Sacrifice Sale of last striped effects. 12^c yard. 060
season's Shirt Waists at 35c apiece ©Oo
0.;_.,j «_.«_._.« st^'* 8 0 ' n g oa - We bave added a Zqo
rriniea warps, ereat many rew styles to give im- New Figured Dimities, in light, 050
Chene Effects. petus to ie - Waists worth 75c, $1 dark and liver colors, 15c yard, oflo
35 './TT'A and $1 25 among them. T <-T " «V°
oXo Cottellnes, - - - - '^717.; i o&
*H(** dm,., cf-in.- • - . x Now Duck Suitings, hundreds' of &fc*
± ums w_™. p "" oS,r, - ,M * Ladies' Dock Suits. - new patterns, ■* 8J *° IKd ' 1
Lend Weaves, • LatilCS lIUCK worth I2*c. g
Chameleon Suitings, At $1.00 and $1.50 each. 3G
SS Jacquard Frieze, Light, Medium and Dark Colored New Pique Suitings, in light, me- 2u
3jo • _ r As." >T Ducks, in stripes, checks • and fig- dium and dark colorings, 12)_c 000
oflo Bergere Mottles, ures — at one price, some at yard. ?,-.:•- oQo
c^° _--_..__.__« eni. mi....... tbe -other— blazer and box coats, oflo
eso uiagny 5nK mixtures, with large sleeves and full skirts. ._  .-_,__. -__ * , . . °fe
ft. Brocaded Etamlnes, ?,°^ u + ch^ ucl ? SaitB^ er sol <* under NeW p^anieSn1 S '2s?vard ft
$2 50 to $4 apiece. These cut prices xersian aesigns, toe yara.
So Vigoreux Venetienne, . to close them out before new goods -* 3S
000 • ._-.,_, . _,  arrive. ' ' oflo
oXo Kaleidoscopic Poplins, ■ .aa.--.- -.-;_ oflo
S Besides many other extreme novel- ChildTGll'S J&CkCtS. MW LinCDS. j|
°^ ties in the way of Persian and • _,-"_,_ _ . 7vn " --- v oflo
3£ Dresden effects. We cannot send At $3.50 Each. Just arrived, opened yesterday:
<$> samples of these goods, as they are „ Perfect gems for the little tots, 2, 60-inch Cream Table Damask, heavy 3c_
± mainly single-suit lengths of a L^oys^for^ls^Th^ 22 ' <«~"^ 50c yard. ±
oflo color. Tney must be seen at the of plain, rich broadcloths, in shades 64-inch Cream Table Damask, extra 3£
oAo department. of red, blue and tan, trimmed with quality. 75c yard. oflo
3U pearl buttons and braids, not one IT T? oflo
oflo worthless than $5, and from that 60-inch Bleached Table Damask, oflo
2g upward. ■*'.'■ / ' ; ■:-:-. .-.pare flax, 50c yard. 3g
O Silk Sill A mi d«K 62-inch Bleached Table Damask, Q
Y Mill «fti«. RlI)I)0Il Sale. grass bleach, yard.. X
X To-morrow morning we will close ; • Double-faced Satin, 3 inches wide- 64-inch Bleached Table* Damask, I
V" out the balance of our 75c, $1 19c yard. ' extra quality, 75c yard. VJ
O and $125 Novelty Silks in fancy g SatinTan* Gros-Grain, S}_ inches % Damask apki to match the ft
Q figures. . stripes and checks at 50 These re all silk ribbons, in every above damasks at $1, $1 25 and Q
X CENTS a yard. They include popular and favorite color. More ■»*• 50 dozen.* X
V light, medium and dark colorings, S!^* ™f Sto*^^_t_^L°_ Hemmed Huck Towels, 86x18 I
0 suitable for all kinds of garments, T^^sortmenSleff^ we Snnot inclie *-. at » « *»«. $
A costumes and trimmings. If you promise to fill orders for any par- Bleached Birdseye Huck Towels 0
A want silks that are bilks at prices ticular color. -with red, blue or plain borders i
V that are prices, don't miss this sale. ' COME EARLY FOR THEM. full 42x21 inches, at $2 75 dozen! T
very interesting and instructive. The
illustrations included the following:
New York harbor — Liberty — leaving
Home. Ireland — Jaunting-car — The Scalp
—The Dargle— Kilkenny Castle— of Shan
ganah—Lakes of Killarney— View—
Old Weir Bridge— The Middle .Lake. Bong,
"The Meeting of the Waters," Miss Julia Sulli
van. Ancient Cross and Round Tower— Lough
Ballinahinch, Irish Home— Giants* Causeway.
Scotland— The Clyde— A Highland Clackan—
Kilchurn Castle — Highland Solitude—
Lomond— Falls of Moness— Melrose Abbey, east
window — Ferns. England — Coaching—Fox
hunting. Peasants. Cornwall—
ing Potatoes. London— Houses of ' Parliament
—Street in London Crossing the Channel.
Paris— Panorama— Place de la Concorde—
Buttes Chaumont— Rhine— Switzerland-
Mount Blanc— The Jungfrau— Highway Rob
bery. Rotterdam— Tho Flower Mar
ket—Country — Holland Peasants—
lage Street— The Beach of Schweninger
Northern Lakes— Lake Como. Song,
"Gentle Spirit," Miss Millie Flynn. Italian
'Bride— Street in Naples. Rome— Castle of San I
Angelo— The Vitican— Pope's Audience
.Chamber— St. Peter's— On the Bosphorus.
India— Cawnpore— Memorial Well Monument—
Traveling in India— The Taj Mahal— in
India. Pagoda. Temple — Nikko-Yo
mgimon — Japanese Beauty — Traveling in
Japan— Crossing the Ocean.
ZZ.T/.- :/- INTERMISSION." - •
Song, "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep,"
George H. Broderick, late of the Tivoli Opera
Miss Charlotte Sheldon, Who Made Her Debnt at the Grove-Street Theater^
Company. Nearing Home— Golden Gate— The
Fort— Coming Into the Harbor of San Fran
cisco—The Pacific Mail Dock— I Francisco—
A Familiar Corner— Reflections. The Spirit of
'76— The--> Minute. Man— Washington Taking
Command— Washington Crossing the Dela
ware—Surrender of Cornwallis.": Washington
our First President— Deathbed of Washington
—Washington's Tomb. Our Nation's Capitol—
America, the Home of All Nations. Miss Julia
HeSeruau, accompanist.
WILL ADOPT THE STAGE
Pretty Miss Charlotte Sheldon
Deserts the Ranks of the
Amateurs.
MAKES HER FIRST APPEARANCE
Intends to Go East This Spring— An
Offer From the Frawley Com
pany. •
.There was ushered into the dramatic
world yesterday a charming little actress
in the person of Miss Charlotte Sheldon,
! who made her debut at the Grove-street
Theater in a benefit ; tendered the Veteran
Guard of California. * }TT7 ' ''•■•
While Miss Sheldon has often been seen
to advantage in | amateur 7 theatricals and
social functions of similar character, it was
not until recently that.she determined to
identify herself with the stage in a profes
sional way. Her appearance therefore in
the laughable farce- comedy, "Fun on the
Bristol," was an event fooked forward to
with no small degree of anxiety by her
friends and others directly interested.
The young debutante acquitted herself
handsomely, however, going through her
lines wiih an ease and grace not always
seen in more experienced players. As
Nora O'Brien, the daughter of a widow by
the same name, she was all that could be
desired. It was not a particularly strong
part, but it was such as to demonstrate
beyond cavil that the young actress is
capable of becoming a- success, not only in
similar lines, but in anything she might
undertake. • .
Miss Sheldon is a Tennesseean by birth,
but with her parents moved to San Fran
cisco about nine years ago, being now just
18 years old. For the past eighteen
months she has been studying at one of
the local dramatic schools though with no
particular intention of becoming a pro
fessional. During the recent visit of the
Frawley Company an enticing offer was
made her to become a member of the
company. This unexpected tribute to her
genius caused the young lady to think
more seriously of the stage, finally ending
in a determination to cast her lot with the
followers of the footlights.
Miss Sheldon is particularly fitted for
comedy parts, being light, airy and grace
ful, young and pretty. She has received
a flattering offer from an Eastern com
pany and will leave for New York in May
next. ':*».'r.'"-..--. '-pp..
Miss May Ashley also appeared in the
play "Fun on the Bristol," as presented
yesterday. . She has been prominent in
dramatic circles in this City . for some
years, and is a soubrette of acknowledged
ability. To-night will witness the last
public appearance of Miss Ashley and
Miss Sheldon before leaving for the East.
An interesting feature of the performance
will be a tableau introducing the Veteran
Guard. . * " ■ - ' ■
Why the English Are Hated.
. So long ago as 1840 Thackeray discussed
the question recently raised again, why
the English are baled by other races.
"How they hate us," he writes, "these
foreigners .in Belgium as much as in
France! "What lies they tell of us; how
gladly tbey would see us humiliated 1 'Ay,
ay, and very good reasons they have, too.
National vanity, sir. wounded— have
beaten them so often.' My dear sir. there
is not a greater error in the world than
this. They hate you. because you are
stupid, bard to please, and intolerably in
solent and air-giving. '
. "I walked with an Englishman yester
day, who asked the way out to a street of
which he pronounced the name very badly
to a little Flemish boy; the Flemish boy
did not answer; and there was my Eng
lishman quite in a rage, shrieking in the
child's ear as if he must answer. He
seemed. to think it was the duty of 'the
snob,' as he called him, to answer the gen
tleman. - ..,, ?■'••;'_,••__
"This, is why we are hated— for pride.
In our free country a tradesman, a lackey,
or a waiter will submit to almost any given
insult from a gentleman; in these De
nighted lands ■ one man is as good as
another; and pray God it may soon
be so with us! Of all European
people, which is the nation that has
the most haughtiness, the strongest
prejudices, the greatest reserve, the great
est dullness? I say an Englishman of the
genteel classes. An honest groom jokes
and hobnobs and makes his way with
the kitchenmaids, for there is good social
nature in the man; his master dare not
unbend. Look at him, how he scowls at
you on your entering an inn-room; think
how you scowl yourself to meet his scowl.
"To-day as we were walking and star
ing about the • place a worthy old gentle
man in a carriage, seeing a pair of stran
gers, took off his hat and bowed very
gravely. with his old powdered head out
of the, window; I am sorry. to say that our
first impulse was to burst out laughing
it seemed so supremely ridiculous that a
stranger should notice and welcome an
other." . -$%£ „ (.fail
SUNDAY FEBRUARY 23. 1890
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater.— Paderewski.
California Theater—" Louis XL"
Columbia Theater— "The Old Limekiln."
Morosco's OrER/..llousK-»Wi.e for Wife-,"
x ivo li OiTRA-HorSK.— "Del Freischutz."
ORrnECM.-nigh-Class Vaudeville.
GROVER-8 *.»__.- "Faust. "
At-riiTORiUM-Corner Eddv and Jones streets-
s>ousa s Peerless Band, Friday evening, Feb. 28.
'-olden Gatk Ham,— Carr-Berl Concert. Satur-
ca\ afternoon, February 29. at 3:15 o'clock.
Golden Gate Hall.— Prof. __anz.lc. Tuesday
evening, February _•_,.
shoot thk CHUTEs-Daily at Halght street,
cie block east of the Park.
Goj-Dkji Gate Park— Golden Gate Park Band.
Bay District Track.— Races to-morrow.
Ti . t
AUCTION SALES.
By E. S. Speak & Co.— Tuesday, February 25,
i urnlture, at corner Ellis and Leavenworth' at
10 o clock.
n ßv Eakton & Kldridgk.— February
»•*. Real Estate, at 63S Market street, at 12 o'clock
8008.
By Von Rhein Co, — Thursday, March 5,
Real Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Weather Bureau predicts a cloudy Sun-
The Interstate Coursing' Club held Its Inau
gural meet at Newark Park yesterday.
Many riflemen will compete for prizes and
medals to-day at the Shell Mound range.
Several interesting and closely contested
games were played in the handball courts yes
terday. .Hri*i-r«ro
Dr. \V. W. Case will give his attention to local
questions in a sermon on "The Devil's Forward
bteps this evening.
James Dolan of Tiburon murdered May Con
boy on Morton street yesterday morning and
then committed suicide".
The Caledonian Club held lis first "stag
party • on Friday evening and it was pro
nounced a great success.
Serious charges have been forwarded to
Washington against Captain Munger and
Captain Hooper of the revenue cutter service.
The -winning horses at Bay District yesterday
were Salisbury 11. Braw Scot, imp. Star Ruby,
The Lark, Bellicoso, Peter the Second and
Lc.a S.
The local lodges of the Young Men's Institute
celebrated Washington's, birthday at the Met
ropolitan Temple, the Rev. Arthur Clarke,
G. S. P., being the orator of the day.
Colonel John P. Irish says Governor Budd
has laid him under an obligation by removing
him, from the directorship of the* Industrial
Home for the Adult Blind in Oakland.
In the labor convention's committee to-day
Delegate Burns will intrbduce a resolution fa
vorable to reducing streetcar gripinea and
conductors' time of labor to eight hours.
The celebrated lecturer, Major T. C. Kvan of
Columbus, Ohio, will arrive on the I'Sth inst.
to deliver a course of patriotic lectures at
Metropolitan Temple, beginning March 1.
Mrs. Elizabeth Geralde denies her son-in
law's charge that her son is aa ex-convict and
produces a letter stating that the accuser's
father spent two years within the walls of San
Quentin.
Tiie California Society ol the Sons of the
American Revolution held its twenty-flrst
annual meeting yesterday and celebrated
Washington's birthday by a banquet at the
Occidental Hotel.
-"..._•■
DEATH OF MAJOR LORD.
He Succumbs at His Residence
After a Long and Painful
Illness.
His Distinguished Career in the United
States Army— The Funeral to . -
Take Place To-Day.
Major James Henry Lord, United States
army (retired), died at his residence, Cen
tral avenue, San Francisco, at 3 a. m. Fri
day, February 21, 1896. Major Lord was
born at Honesdale, Pa., February 27, 1840.
Appointed cadet at the United States Mili
tary Academy, West Point, N. V., July 1,
IBS? he was graduated June 17, 1562,
and appointed brevet second lieutenant,
Second United States Artillery. He was
commissioned second lieutenant July 24,
1862, and first lieutenant March 30,. 1864;
captain A. D. C. June 26, 1865, to August
25. 1865. Qgg
Immediately after graduating from West
Point, and without availing himself of the
usual graduating furlough, he joined . his
battery of the Second Artillery in the'
Army of the Potomac and took part in the
seven days' battles commencing with Me
chanicsville June 26, 1562, and ending with
Malvern Hill July 1, 1862, when he received
the brevet of first lieutenant for gallant
and meritorious service.
He served throughout the Maryland
campaign, and for gallant and meritorious
services at the battle of Antietam, Sep
tember 17, 1562, received the brevet *of
captain. His service during the years
1863, 1864 and 1865 was almost continuous
with his battery, and he took part in
nearly all of the great battles of the army
of the Potomac, closing with Appomattox
Court House April 8, 186,*), when he re
ceived the brevet of major for gallant and
meritorious services in action. B£?K
In the fall of 1565 he came to San Fran
cisco with the Second United States Ar
tillery, and was i stationed at the Presidio,
where he served for many years as regi
mental quartermaster, being appointed to
this position May 1, 1867, and under the
orders of Major-General McDowell he com
menced the work of planting trees and
beautifying the Presidio Reservation.
April 24, 1875, he was appointed captain
and assistant quartermaster United States
army, was promoted major and quarter
master October 4, 1889, and was retired
from active service September 6, 1898. f
For a number of years Major Lord was
stationed at Cheyenne, Wyo., as depot
quartermaster, and during this time he
superintended the building of Fort D, A.
Russell, and was in charge of tue fitting
out of many ; expeditions- against Indians.
In 1889 he again was assigned lo duty in
San Francisco and continued the work of
improving the Presidio, which he had be
gun more than twenty years before. Over
a half-million trees were planted under
his supervision, and the barren hillsides
became forests under his diligent and lov
ing care.
He was a most active, energetic and
efficient officer until overtaken by the
dread disease which for nearly ten years
East has been gradually creeping upon
im. —. - :>"v :'..:. ':'.,' ; . .
He leaves a sorrowing widow, the
daughter of Ward Eaton, a prominent
lawyer of San Francisco, and sister of
Fred W. Eaton, a respected merchant of
our city. His only child is the wife of
Lieutenant John L. Hayden, First United
States Artillery.
Major Lord's remains will be laid to rest
to-day in the : beautiful cemetery at the
Presidio. "The services will be held in the
Presidio' Chapel and the funeral will be a
military one.
His companions of the Military Order of
the Loyal Legion, of which he has been a
member for nearly twenty-five years, will
follow him to his last resting-place.
In Praise of Horseflesh.
A recent issue of the California Turf has the
following interesting paragraph: "In the
opinion of many good Judges horseflesh Is the
most nourishing of all moats, and Its taste Is
hardly to be distinguished from beef. The
flesh of a horse fed on oats has a smell similar
to gooseflesh... The fat is preferable to lard.
Above all, it should be remembered that no
flesh is co healthy as that of the norse. Trichi
nosis and similar diseases arc. unknown in
horses. Tuberculosis, very common In cattle,
*• tery rare in ho«es.'*
ASSOCIATION ROADRACE.
Wells, -the Bay City Flyer,
Lowers the Coast Rec
ord.
TWENTY-FIVE MILES, 1:10:30 2-5
Henry Noonan of the Santa Rosa
Wheelmen Captured First
Place.
The fourth annual twenty-five mile han
dicap road race of the California asso
ciated cycling clubs was run yesterday
over what is known as the San Leandro
triangle, and in points of entrants and
".Veils, Edwards and McFarland as They Finished the Race Yesterday on the San Leandro Triangle.
[Sketched by a "Call. staff artist.]
time made was the most successful event
of its kind ever held by the association.
On Washington's birthday of each year
since 1893 the various clubs belonging to
the association' have run a twenty-five
mile race over this course, and as all the
prominent clubs of this part of the State
are included— twenty-three in all it brings
together the fastest riders hereabouts.
There were seventy-nine entrants in yes
terday's event, but five of whom failed to
start, and this left more than double the
number of contestants in any previous
race to compete for glory and the valuable
prizes offered. 7 *T7*"J
The course which the "riders traversed
was in splendid condition for road racing,
and except for a short patch, where sand
had blown upon it, was hard and smooth.
There was some wind in the riders' faces
on one side of the triangle, but not suf
ficient to retard their speed in any great
measure. For a twenty-five mile race the
San Leandro course is an ideal one for the
wheelmen. The start is made-on the Hay
wards road about a quarter of a mile north
east of San Leandro; the riders here have
the base of the triangle, which they follow
for a short way, and then turn to the
right and take the perpendicular through
San Lorenzo, turning west here upon the
bypothenuse back to the starting point.
The total distance is eight and a third
miles, and by making the circuit three
times, the required twenty-five miles are
completed, and the spectators have seen
the start of tbe- race, watched the riders
pas** them twice, and are "in at the finish."
The limit men, six in number, who were
allowed ■; ten minutes' handicap, were sent
away by Starter De Witt Van "Court
promptly at 10:30 o'clock, and in rapid
succession, at intervals of half a minute,
in bunches of from two to eight, the others
followed them. There was an immense
assemblage of wheelmen and other specta
tors at the starting .point, and the crowd
was bard to control, but the riders all got
well along on their journey without seri
ous mishap.;. Then the people ? began to
speculate among' themselves as to who
• would ' win and how. fast time, would ■ be
made. •■';-'-" Ap. ■/■:.■ ':,'■•. P..." /;.-'
Prior to yesterday's race it was generally,
admitted tnat the prizes for fastest time
would fall to one of the scratch men, but
no one seemed to be able to pick the win
ner of first place from among the three
score and ten handicap men, though many
prophecies were offered, which the actual
result completely upset.
Henry Noonan of the Santa Rosa Wheel
men, to -whom the handicapper had al
lowed the full limit of time allowance (ten
minutes), proved the winner, while
Charles S. Wells of the Bay City Wheel
men, the giant champion of ail coast class
B track-racers last year, won the prize and
honor most valued among wheelmen .for
having made the fastest time. His net
riding time for the distance was 1 hour 10
minutes and 30 2-5 seconds-, which also es
tablishes a new coast record, the *', best
previous performance being that 'of Walter
V. Foster of the Olympic Club W.ieelmen
in a similar race just one year ago,. whose,
time was 1 hour 12 minutes and 55 4-5
seconds. 7 '.*■"..• *p- A:: ■;■"-'■ y-:.- .Ay
| Wells was in splendid shape to ride* a
winning race, as he been" at Coronado
all winter training aud riding. for records
with one of the big racing teams. He left :
there Tuesday by steamer and arrived
here Friday morning, taking; a trial spin
over the course that afternoon.' This was
all the practice he had: over ; the * road
though he had ridden it so often before as
to know every inch of tne. wav, almost;
' The winner of first place, Noonan,-- has
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, CJND AY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
always had the reputation in • his own
locality of being . a speed determined
road rider, and when the Santa Rosa Club
decided to enter several of its men in the
race he was looked upon as the most pro
mising candidate for a front position at
the finish. His net ridins time was 1 hour,
15 minutes 23 seconds whfch is considered
very fast and would have been ' the coast
record two years ago.
There were a great many falls and
headers taken during the race from vari
ous causes and the distance also proved
trying for some of the men,- for a man
must be a hardy rider to stand a twenty
mile race at the killing pace he must keep
up to be in at the finish. For those reasons
only forty-seven of the actual starters com
pleted the ride and they came in covered
with dust from head to foot and completely
worn out from the excitement and tension
upon the nerves. None of the tumbles taken
by the men who met with accidents were
very serious. G. A. Nissen ; of the Acme
Club ran into a man who tried to cross in
front of him near the finish and was cut
considerably about the arms and head.
F. A. McFarlano of San Jose went down
with a bunch of riders whose wheels got
tangled together. He was up in a jiffy
and jumped on the first wheel he could
grab and was off again, finishing third in
point of time made. The wheel' he took
belonged to Hardy Downing of the Garden
City Cyclers, so the latter had to walk in
to San Leandro.
The bunch of scratch men, which in
cluded Yeoman (Reliance), McFarland
(San Jose), Byrne (Imperial), Edwards
(Olympic) and Wells (Bay City) completed
the first circuit of the triangle in 21 mm.
50 3-5 sec, the second time around it took
them 23 mm. 52 4-5 sec, and the third time
25 mm. 27 sec. At the finish all was ex
citement, the road being lined with people
for fully half a mile, who were kept from
crowding onto the path by ropes stretched
between trees. A pretty spurt was wit
nessed as the men neared the tape, Wells
leading Edwards, McFarland, Griffiths
and Byrne by but a few inches, and they
finished in that order, each being scarcely
half a wheel's length behind the other.
The greatest credit attaches to Wells for
having made the fastest time over the
course and for beating the other scratch
men, who are all known to be speedy road
riders. Of course this detracts nothing
from Noonan's winning first place with a
10-miimte handicap, for the two perform
ances were entirely different from each
other in character, Noonan having to set
most of his own pace and lead the race the
entire way, while Wells had to battle with
the other cracks for position and then out
spurt them at the tape, which he did quite
cleverly. .'. . .' • „
The following table will show the posi
tions at finish,, handicaps and net riding
time of each man:
Contestant.
Club.
If
Net rldin«
time.
1 Harry Noonan ... |H. R. C...
2 .¥. C. Hansen IC. C C...
3|K. (i. Thomas iA. C
41 A. O. Onion 11. C. C...
6 .].]■:. Scott -...lAcme
CjO. W. 'lhumas....iC. (.'. C...
7 K. .T. Smith Acme....
U\V. L. Thifl H. F. K. C.
9 C. M. Smith G. C.C...
10I.T. ». Kfima lAcme ...
LljO. H. Krufts I Acme....
12 B. C. KaynatiU.... B. <"'. \V..
LS]& Laiiguetlu B. «'. \V..
14 R. Kohinson S.F.R.C.
15 V. A. Benson 0.CX0...
l« Ed Langer I. C.C
17 A. 11. Acntw. ... | Acme. ...
18 G.K.Kroeu O. C. \V..
I!) \V. C.Klotz C. C.C 1 ...'
10 A. P. Swain...;... Acme
11 L- J.0150n....;... C. C. C...
!2 A. J. Menue 8.C.W..1
!3 H. A.Ond.lard . .. B. C. W..
>i a. H. KiforJ.. ... n. a.0...
!S:M. F. lioai. 1 .... ... Acme
J6J. K. Wing........ iS. J.R. C.
il I>. S. Lcavitu IS.F.H.U
»B.<J. W. Tantau |O. C. W..
:0 r. M. licfevre Acme
i(J K. A. JJozlo 1. C. C....
HF.L. Day B. C. W..
V2 11. L. JJayo C.C. a..
13 R. H. Hammrnds 8. J.R. C.
14 I J. A. Clyrnt-r. Acme
!S C. S. Wells... .... B.C. \V..
16 J. K. Edward i. . . . 10.I O. C. W . .
!7 F. A. McFnrlvnd. S. J. R.C.
18 T. A. Griffith^.... n. C.W..
!9 F. M. Byrne.-1.... I. C. C...
iU r. Mmeii < Acme
11 K. J. Gilbert.*.... I. V. C...
12 Wm. Veomas.... K. A. C.
[S r. b. 0an5....!.... I. C. C...
,4 T. Hflloli ;.... s. J.R.C.
5 A. M. Jtoyder- R. A. C ..
,H H. I'.. Willians... C. C. C...
,7 Albert tfcheib-.... C. C. C...
-,!
;
10
10 '
9
10
10
8
8
4
6
5
8
4Va
Sy 2
o
BVa
41-j
«Va
|V a
8
4 '
7
m
m
61/2
3V2
4Va
1:16:23
1:14:55
1:1.1:SU ;
1:14:27
1:15:35
1:1(5:10 3-5
1:14:16
1:14:161-6
1:10:34
1:12:43 2-5
1:11:48
1:14:00 1-&
1:18:80 .
1:15:19 2-5
1:11:50 1-5
1:15:25
1:12:38
1:13:44
1:3 5:14 2-5
1:14:16 1-5
1:15:15 4-5
1:11:19
1:14:32
1:12:66 4-5
1:11:16:3-5
1:11:17 3-5
1:12:17
1:16:18
1:12:18
1:13:19
1:11:51
1:17:25 4-5
1:13:57
1:16:67 '
1:10:80 2-5
1:11:30 3-5
1:10:30 4-5
1:12:03
1:10:312-5
.1:19:31 4-5
1:10:1115-6
1:11:28
1:20:83 V
1:14:011-5
1:16:31 4-5
1:23:19 1-5
1:24:16 8-5
;]
I scrtch I
scrtch
IV2
scrtch
9
6
scrtch
9 .
o
f /a
-Qi:.;
17
Some of the wheelmen thought that as
the day was fair and the course in good
condition, the American twenty-five-mile
record would broken. It stands at 1
hour 2 minutes 20 seconds, and was made
by Cal." Paxson -of i the f Parkside Wheel
Club, Buffalo, N. V., September : 80 last:
Wells thinks lie might have' equaled or ex
ceeded it, if he" and Edwards had not been
forced to set all the pace for the scratch
men. Yeoman lent a little assistance, but
not much, while McFarland aud Byrne
absolutely refused to do their share of the
work in this regard, preferring to bang
back and merely following* the others.
While . this was unsportsmanlike and
seemed like taking an unfair advantage of
the others' efforts, it served them to no
purpose,' as Wells and Edwards both beat
them across the tape.
C. M. Smith of the Garden City Cyclers
made a splendid ride and finished within
four seconds of Wells' net riding time.
He was allowed four minutes handicap,
being the fifty-ninth man to start. He
finished ninth, passing fifty men on the
road. • :.;■:;■<■'■-
J. E. Edwards, who rode second to Wells
for fastest time, is known as a crackajack
among road riders, and it was no great sur
prise to his clubmatC'S in the Olympic
Wheelmen to see him do so well. He rede
a clean, sportsmanlike race, setting more
than his share of the pace, he and Wells
relaying each' other in this respect every
few miles. He beat McFarland, Byrne
and the others with apparent ease, and
Wells was the only one of the scratch men
whom he could not pass at the finish.
The race was splendidly handled by the
officials in charge and a great deal of credit
is due to* Chairman Stratton of the road
racing committee for the perfection of ar
rangements and details. timing,
scoring and judging, the most important
features at the start and finish, were in the
hands of competent men, and there was
never a bitch or an error in all their work.
Wells got a gold • Swiss split-second
watch and Edwards an unset diamond, as
first and second time prizes. The first
place prize, which went to Noonan, was
aLso a gold watch, and there were sixteen
other prizes, all of considerable value.
. The possession for the time being of the
Olympic trophy, which was won by the
Acme Club last October in the annual ten
mile race, and is to be competed for in
every event of the association until some
club wins it three times, was decided by
the. race, and it goes to the Santa Rosa
Wheelmen, who made seven points by
Noonan's winning first place. The Bay
City Wheelmen made 5, California Cycling
ClubS, Alameda Cycler. 3, Olympic Club
Wheelmen 3, and San Jose Road Club 1.
Tiie fastest time made in the three pre
vious similar events of the associated clubs
over this course was as folio *vs:
February 22, -1893— George A. Faulkner,
Acme Club Wheelmen. Time, 1 hour 19 min
ute-" 4 seconds. .
February 22, 1894— Emil Ulbrecht, Bay City
Wheelmen; 1 hour 20 minutes 7 2-5 seconds.
February 22, 1895— Walter F. Foster, Olympic
Club Wheelmen;! hour 12 minutes 55 4-5 sec
onds. ' ■ . -' • ■* .. - z-y.-y
CROCKERS VICTORIOUS.
They Defeat the Howards in Football j
by a ."' Score of
6 to 4.
An exciting and interesting game;, of
football was played between the Croekers
and Howards at Central Park yesterday
afternoon, ending i:i a victory for the
former by a score of G to 4.
The playing of ". both teams throuehout
showed a knowledge of the game that was
remarkable for young men who have no
time for training and who play but once a
week. ■*■'-.*' '.-.-'* \ '. ; ." .
The star play was that of Atkinson, who
made a run of forty yards with splendid
interference. The individual playing on
both teams was exceedingly good.
In the first half both teams scored. The
Howards made the first touchdown, but
their fullback was unable to kick a goal.
On play being resumed the Croekers got
the ball and by the. repeated bucking of
their opponents' line ' and , a foul tackle,
which netted them twenty-five yards, they
secured a touchdown. Stroecher succeeded
in kicking a goal.-. Score : 6to 4. ■:-... :«/. ;;-;-.■
'In the second half the Croekers had the
kick-off. Stroecher kicked for 35 yards, the
ball being caught by Atkinson, who made
a run of 40 yards with good interference.
■The Howards rushed the ball down to the
5-yard line, - but the ball was, lost on'
downs. The * Croekers then kicked > the
ba'l into; safe territory, and after * that
neither side scored. ■-'.-'
F. H. Kingston acted as umpire, F.V.
Thrasher referee £ and v Mr. Porter .of the
Olympic Club linesman and timekeeper.
The following was the makeup of . the
teams. • T ■ ' '-:'-' '-.- •-:. v?
. Howards. Positions. . Croekers.
Dirking ..Center.' .......Carnell
Atzer01f.... ........... Right guard...... .„ San<igraf
1rving..:........; Left guard.:....... ......iturg
W. Tabor. ....... Right tackle.... Cra. kiln
Ready......... Lett tack1e......... K osier
Bernhardt Right end ;..... Sheeban
Decker... .:..... :....'. Left end...... Kuhl
Ktoutehburg ..;.... ,'.'. Quarterback ........... - cott
Detvick.. Right ha1f. :.;;.. :.:..;. Evans
Wilson ....*. .V. .._."". .. Left half . *. Smith
Atkin50n.. ....... .....Fu11back Stroecher
Substitutes Howards— Russell, ("illls. Mahonev.
• Substitutes Croekers— Schulte. 'Davidson,* Scott,"
Hug, Ham.a. -."■<: "**>■ ■ '.
If the United States had as great a rela
tive population as Japan it would have a
"population of 900,000,000 people.
HE TAKES IT AS A FAVOR
Removal of John P. Irish as
Director of the Home for
. the Blind.
SAYS BUDD WAS INGENIOUS.
Colonel James Says the Removal Was
Necessary to Bring Harmony
to : the Directorship.
•'Governor Budd has exhibited am inge
nuity that I had no reason jto expect to
find in him. There was but one way that
be could ' place -me -under oblieation to
i him. , He has discovered that way and
done the thine. It was nothing less than
ingenious. The offer of a commission
would have been to insult me. The Gov
ernor would not insult me he has gone
to the other extreme. That is all I have
to Bay."
This was what John P. Irish said last
night concerning his removal by the Gov
ernor from the office of director of the In
dustrial Home for the Adult Blind, an of
fice which Colonel Irish has held for many
years. He had been called away from the
banquet board of the Iroquois Club at
| Delmonico's to get j some expression from
him concerning the matter,- and. having
given it, in the words quoted, he returned
smilingly to bis chair at the same ban
quet board at which Governor Budd was
one of the guests. . " . - .7-7, TAT'I "-'/
v The removal of Colonel Irish from the
directorship of the Industrial Home for
the Adult Blind has occasioned quite a flut
ter, especially among the Democratic poli
ticians of Oakland. Governor. Budd, by
telegram, summoned D. S. Hirschberg of
Oakland to Sacramento on Saturday,
asked him if he would • accept an appoint
ment as director. He said he would : and
was forthwith' given the commission and
Colonel Irish was informed of the fact.
Colonel Irish was president of A the old
board, made: up of four Republicans and
one Democrat, .; he being the. Democrat.*
The others ';' were ' 'F. A. . Leach, A. ■D.
Thomson; F. H. Campbell and George
Morrow. p.-Ap-. T : * s .:.*. p.-\
Governor Budd removed all of these save
Leach', who is ; now i the only Republican
on the board, and in their places named:
Colonel . N. T. James of this City, John R.
Glascock and T. .C." Coogan of Oakland.
Colonel James was chosen chairman of
the board. The new board only formally
organized . in December, but have been
making changes in rapid succession in the
policy and management. First the blind
superintendent, Sanders, was removed and
J. C. Hays, son of Jack Hays of Alameda,,
• the Texas Ranger,- was made- superin
tendent. The blind foreman of the broom
factory was removed and a "seeing" fore
man placed in his stead. A new night
watchman and a new cook were appointed
and a number of other changes are being,
discussed. T-'T_ ,T' --T7.-' '..'■■
Colonel Irish was a champion of the
blind superintendent, Sanders. *It was
through him that Sanders was brought out
• from the' 'Philadelphia Industrial Insti
tute as instructor/ and through him, also,
that he was some time afterward made
'■ superintendent. _ All the members of the
old board declare that he was very success
ful, in r. his superintendeucy. His wife
served asmatron without pay. *, ;. . T
A committee of the last Legislature vis
ited the institution, and in its report criti
cized it pretty severely. Governor. Budd
declares this report to be the occasion of
his removal of Colonel Irish. TrWSfM-mB
Colonel James, in an interview yester
day, said : "There are as \ many factions
in the Democratic politics of a Oakland
as there are Democrats. V: I know that
Colonel Irish has provoked the bitter en
mity of several of the more influential" of
; these, and they have brought the strong
est kind of pressure to bear, upon the Gov
ernor "to 7 effect \ his removal. ' Irish has
been in opposition to the, majority of the
board since the >i reorganization. It is
one of ■ those situations where - harmony
must exist lor it 'miihtr as" well go 'out
of business/. The Governor thought him
self justified in trying to. bring about that
harmony. No, the majority of the board,
as a majority, has made no representation j
to that effect, and I can't speak for the in
dividuals of the majority."
SHELL MOUND KIFLEMEN.
Many Marksmen Will CompeU for
Prizes and Medals To-Day.
'</: There is to be lots of rifle shooting at the :
Shell Mound . rifle range to-day. Nearly
all of the military targets will be engaged
all day, and from all appearances the
markers will not find time hanging heavily
on their hands. The prospects of the
weather being pleasant will, without
doubt, bring out several hundred rifle and
pistol shots.
The following clubs have engaged shoot
ing stands and targets: Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club, medals and cash prizes;
the Schuetzen Verein, bullseye shoot for
twenty cash prizes; Germania Club's
bullseye shoot for ten cash prizes; Nord-
Deutscher Shootine Club, medal shoot;
Swiss Rifle Club, prize snoot. The National
Guard will bo represented by Companies I,
M and X of the First, _*»* of th 6 Second and
A of the Fifth, who will hold their regular
competition for monthly medals. ' /'J
PADEREWSKI IN OAKLAND
The Polish Pianist Giv^s a Re
cital at the Maedonough
Theater.
* — — — — — .
HE IS WELCOMED BY SOCIETY.
Applause Grows More Enthusiastic
< All Through the Splendid
Programme.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Feb. 22. J
Paderewski made his first appearance in j
Oakland at the -Maedonough Theater to
night and, as usual, conquered his audience .
more and more with each number be
played.
The house was a brilliant one, society
having turned out in force to welcome the
great pianist. There were not the crowd
ing and crushing that ■ marked Friday
afternoon's recital at the California The
ater — indeed, empty seats were in evidence
in several parts of the dress circle, but the
upper regions of the theater were crowded,
and, as usual, moat of the applause came
from aloft.
The audience did not begin to arrive
very early, and as Paderewski was punc
tual a number of people were taken by
surprise to find that the recital had begun
when they arrived. No one disturbed the
opening sonata by entering while it was in
progress, and at its conclusion the artist
obligingly withdrew for several minutes,
which gave an opportunity to belated
listeners to seek their seats at their leisure
and without having to hustle with the
consciousness that they . were keeping
Paderewski waiting, for he makes a point
of not playing till the ushers have done
their work.
To-night's programme was in the main
the one performed last Monday week,
when the pianist opened his -San Fran
cisco engagement. A second hearing only
heightens the impression of Paderewski's
Tnarvelous ability in rendering! it, 'how
ever. There was a contingent of San
Francisco admirers who had followed their
idol to Oakland, and they were none of
them heard lamenting '■■ that they had
beard the programme before; on the con
trary most of them enjoyed it more on
that account. The programme was an im
provement on its predecessor, as it was en
riched by the addition of two numbers,
a Jr*aganini-Schumann "Capriccio", ana
Liszt's "Etude de Concert.
The only other change from the recital
which first introduced Paderewski to a
San Francisco audience was that he sub
stituted a nocturne of his own composi
tion for his caprice
The stages by which the Polish magi
cian conquered his audience were about
the s_me as usual. By the end of the
third number the feat.was accomplished.
The Beethoven C major sonata enthused
musicians, the Schubert "Impromptu" in
B fiat infused everyone, and the Paganini-
Schumann "Capriccio" completed the
work wnickthe others had begun. ' There
was such a demand for the encore that
Paderewski repeated the lovely little
"Caoriccio." .. •.*■•
In the "Midsummer Night's Dream"
fantasie arranged for the pianoforte by
Liszt the nudience would scarcely let the
player proceed for applause. When the
theme changes it is easy for a listener not
familiar with the transcription to imagine
that the end has come.
Paderewski's admirers to-night evidently
found it hard ,to bottle up their admira
tion to the finale. Such an illumination
thrown^ on anything that has been dese
crated as much and as often as the "Wed
dine march" is an excellent excuse for any
amount of applause, even if it comes in a
little prematurely. ; :
An encore to the Mendelssohn-Liszt
number being demanded Paderewski gave
his hearers some more Mendelssohn, the
"Spinning Song," from the "Songs With
out Words," wnich is often inaccurately
called "The Bees' Wedding." *
The Chopin cluster of six pieces was
played with the Slavic caprice and grace
in which the Polish player is more at home
than - any pianist has . ever been except
perhaps Chopin himself. Paderewski is
almost as patriotic in his music as his great
compatriot, and the samples -he gives of
his j own compositions frequently breathe
the spirit of Chopin. One cannot help
regretting ; that his "Polish Fantasia" - is
not to be given in California, for, from all
accounts, it Is a "beautiful work ; and gives
proof that Paderewski.unlike Chopin, is
master of orchestral writing.
' The player's own nocturne was a charm
ing bit of music and .his "Minuet," which
never seems to grow hackneyed, was also
received with demonstrations, of satisfac
tion. The Liszt "Etude" and the, second
"Rhapsodic" ended the programme, and
the audience showed no disposition to go;
on : the contrary every, one sat : and ap
plauded till Paderewski came on again and
played the Schubert- "Erl King."
Among those present to-night were:
« Box -B— Mrs. Joseph Austin, Mrs. William
Hamilton, Miss Robinson, Miss Flora Keene,
Miss Harrison. .... i
Box F— Mrs. C. E. Cook, Mrs. Wilder and
daughter, Dr. and Mrs. Runz, Mr. and Mrs. V.
J. Woodward, Mr. and Mrs. W. It. Davis, Robert
Fitzgerald and party, Mr. . and Mr.. R. .T.
Lukes*. Mr. and Mrs. E.Hall, Mr. -and Mrs.
H. M. Watson, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Gaskell. and
daughter,- Mrs. E. H. Rice and Miss Rice, Mr.
and Mrs. George E. de Golia, Dr. and Mrs. .Sill,
Mrs.* J. J. Victory, Mr. and Mrs. A. Sutter,
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mosely, Professor and Mrs.
Carl Van Gulpen, Mr. and Mrs. cnarles Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Frlck, Mr.»and Mrs. J. P.
Edort", Mr. and Mrs. W. A. JacKson, Mrs.
Wetberbee and party, Dr. Timmerman and
party, Mr. and Mrs. Vf. P. Squires. Mrs. G.W.
Stolp, Mr. and Mrs.F. J. Moffilt, A. L, Stone and |
party, Mr. and Mrs. William Henshaw, Judge j
Henshaw abd Miss Henshaw, Alexander Grimes I
and party, Mr. -and Mrs. 11. Tubbs, : Arthur I
Wilson and party,*. Campbell and party, '■
Mrs. Elmer Rea, Miss Lid:i Lemon, Miss Jean
Lemon, Walter Magee and party, Charles Bon.
W. W. Foote and party, Eon Fox and party, Ed
Vincent and party, Captain ..V right and party,
the Misses - Hirsh, ex-Mayor Glascock -. and
party.,- : ;:■, : . -. * - 7 . . ■ypj-y
Rev. 81. V, Col burn Arrested.
Rev.' M. F. Colburn, paster of Grace Metho
dist Church, at Twenty-first* and ; Capp streets,
was arrested yesterday evening in Golden Gate
Park, and the charge against him is expected
to result In another church investigation and
a public scandal: 4 * ' T ;.:.-..
Mr. Colburn, according to the park police
man who arrested him, was in the company of
Harry Jackson, a barber, engaged in indecent
conduct. :
Colhura and Jackson frer*- arrested on a
charge of violating a park ordinance. Colburn
was released on giving $100 cash bail. .
Park Music To-Day.
The following programme has been prepared
for to-day's open-air concert in Golden Gate
Park:
''America"— Overture on American National
airs ;....- Moses
Humoristic Potpourri Latanu
With solos for various Instruments and
theme with duet variations for clarinets.
"Entre Flores Vais" J. K. Hernandez
Cornet solo— Air from "Bohemian Girl"
Variations - composed, arranged and per
formed by William Forner.
Descriptive— -Cavalry Charge" ....... Luederi
Overture from Suppe's "Beautiful Galatea"....
Arranged Godfrey.
Intermezzo "Cavallerla Rusticana" Mascaenl
"Danza Fantastlca" R. Gerosa
Descriptive— Day In Camp in '62*' Reeves
"Nevada State March" J. P. Meder
Arranged by F. Brldger.
Struck by a Car.
John Lockland, a sailor who is partially deaf,
was .truck by a Hayes-street car on Market
street, near Montgomery, last night, and fell
on his face,- which was badly cut and bruised.
Lockland was crossing Market street consider
ably under the influence of liquor at the time.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Two years ago the Yellowstone Park was
supposed to contain 200 buffalo. Now it
is estimated that the avarice of poachers
has reduced the number to 50.
NEW to-day. "
THIeToWL
figl DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS!
1128 MARKET ST.
BAKER'S ftp
TAR "Ik A A POSITIVE
COUGH /nil- CURE.
BALSAM. LUUI
THE OWLDRUQ CO.
San Francisco — Los Angeles.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound 75c
Paine's Celery Compound 60c
Joy's and Hood's Sarsaparilla.......... 65c
THE OWL~DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
Williams' Pink Pills 35c
Castoria .- '..". 25c
Syrup of Figs 35c
Cuticura Resolvent .- 70c
Warner's Kidney Cure 85c
Allcock's Porous Plasters ...... i 10c
Carter's and Beecham's, Pills 15:
Allen's. Malt Whiskey 85c
Romany Oil 20c
WRITE FOR PRICE-LIST.
THE OWL/DRUG CO.
One of the most pleasant
features that you can see
any day in the week is the
number of mothers visiting
the Big Store's Juvenile
Department. .
We're all ready for Spring,
and have the prettiest lot of
Children's Clothes ever gath-
ered under one roof.
Monday some of the hand-
somes lithe Reefer Suits
that you ever laid your eyes
upon, made from those line
Blue Serge Cheviots, deep
drooping collars, cuffs braid-
ed, collar handsomely braid-
ed; sizes 3 to 10 years,
THE NEW BLOUSES
FOR BOYS ARE IN.
Have you seen them?
RAPHAEL'S.
(INCORPORATED).
/Ay THE FRISCO BOYS,
9 J; 11, 13, 15 Kearny Street
WAGONS. carriages ahd HARNESS.
-^mffSJSSasca. Fifty per cent saved !
Factory prices -.end
\lX_Jma_L Car " ? *• 915 to 935
\]2*fi__l_i__7 Bu.gic-s $75 to $i'.*s
_J*i_* _fZ&____WnT7^_ Carriages..? 100 to t'ZOi
l^i<^___TW^_t_Wrl\. A **•*"*"» ...?50 to if 100
fAA£7g7z£ZTA±^:S^>7lX^x, Humes-* 98 to $-5
I TjS__S^xC^J^^^^Jzz^yi We ship everywhere.
\T^p7^7f\ysDO^S7/ California Wagon an.l
Xflfljf \>7V | Vy| , \Ja_- Carriage C0.. ; 38 -;'_ ItO
- • 1 "™ ■** * — rf^*' -4,1-2 Fremont St., a. F.
; HACKMEIER'S HOTEL. 123-129 EDDY ST..
HAH CHANGED HANDS, NOW UN-'
der new management. First-cltss in nil ap-
pointments, with second-class prices. Room and
board 91 a dav and up; rooms without board 50c a
day and np. Special rates by week or month. Heals
25c. Free bus to and from Hotel. .
1 til. .>_•<„ t.Klt.Mu, Proprietor.
78
OBSERVED BY
THE JUNIORS.
American Mechanics Cele
brate Washington's
Birthday.
PARADE, SPEECHES, BALL
The Oakland Councils "Sent a
Large Contingent to Par
ticipate.
DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY ASSIST
•
A Grand Reunion and Ball Were Held
at Odd Fellows' Hall in the
Evening.
The Washington's birthday celebration
by the various councils of the Junior Order'
of United American Mechanics in this ]
City began with a parade, was continued j
HON. JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS.
[from a photograph.]
through literary exercises during the after
noon, and ended with a grand reunion en
tertainment ana ball in the evening.
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday the
members of the order, led by their council
officers in full regalia, began to. assemble
near the foot of Market street. Each me
chanic wore a white canvas cap and car
ried a long wand tipped with pampas
plumes in red, white and blue. Grand
Marshal McCord and his mounted aids,
decked with various colored sashes, moved
here and there through the crowd and the
scene was a confusion of color.
Four councils were represented in the
parade. Abraham Lincoln Council No. 2
turned out nearly 100 men, and formed in
a double open line on East str?et with its
right resting on Market. Starr King
Council No. <' formed its quota of men on
Steuart street with the. left of its column
resting on Market. IT S. Grant Council
No. 19 and James A. \Garfieid Council
formed on Drumm street. When all was
ready the Artillery and. Celhtrius bands
played patriotic airs till the arrival of the
Features of the Parade of the Junior Order of American Mechanics, the Float Representing "The
. Surrender of Cornwallis." . "
[Sketched yesterday by a ''Call" staff artist.] -• *
creek-boat bringing the Oakland contin
gent escorted by Chief Aid Whitton.
The Oakland delegation arrived at 1:30
o'clock under'commana of Grand Marshal
S. P. Bodwell arid Aids A. P. yon Schmidt
W. M. Gardiner, George H. Vose Jr.. E. D.
Lane, Edwin Sherman Jr. and G. E. Ran
dolph. As it inarched off, the boat it was
piven a ceremonious reception, after which
the platoon of San Francisco's -'finest"
wheeled into line, the bugle sounded and
the parade was fairly on. The order of •
the column was as follows:
Platoon of Police. .
Mark McCord, Uran.l "Marshal.
Z. T. Whit ion Chief Aid. C. F. church, Orderly.
Aids to the Grand Marshal a. li. "Ellsworth, R.
A. .Nelson, Solomon Jacobs, G. F. Fletcher,
G. K. Kaudoliih and W. 11. Kirkham.
Ceilarius Band.
Abraham Lincoln Council No. 2, 3. O. U. A. M. of
San Francisco, 100 men.
U. S. Grant Council No. 19, J. O. U. A. M. of San
» Francisco, 80 men.
•'.Spirit of '76 Drum Corps,** in Continental
aii i form.
James A.Garfield Council, J.O. U. A. M., of San
Francisco, 60 men.
Artillery Baud.
Starr King Council No. 0. J. O. U. A. M., of San
Francisco, 90 men.
S. P. Bodwell, Grand Marshal of Oakland Division.
A. F. yon >chmidt. Chief Aid.
Aids to Grand Marshal — V\*. M. Gardiner, George
11. Vose Jr.. E. li. Lane, win Sher
* man Jr., G. E. itandolpb.
Band.
George A. Custer Council No. 22, J. O. U. A. M., of
Oakland.
Float, "Valley Forge."
James Monroe Council No. 24, J. O. C. A. M., of
Oakland.
Band.
Paul Revere Council No. 28, J. O. V. A. M., of
Alameda.
Float, •Surrender -or torn wall is," escorted by
Washington and staff (mounted) in
Continental uniform.
Ladies in carriages.
Drum and Fife Corps.
Henry Clay Council No. 34, J. O. U. A. M., of
Oakland.
John A. Logan Council No. 31, J. O. U. A. M., of
Oakland.
Patriotic Citizens. 7T7- *
The parade when fairly under way ex
tended over several blocks along Market
street, and the waving vari-colored plumes
rendered the display very effective.
The parade proceeded along Market
street to Ninth, then countermarched to
Seventh, where it was dismissed, the me
chanics marching into Odd Fellows' Hall,
while the bands played outside.
IN THE AFTERNOON.
J. Taylor Rogers Speaks Eloquently
on the Natural Prerogatives of
the Free.
Odd Fellows' Hail was' more than com
fortably filled by the participants in the
parade and their friends when the first
number of the afternoon's programme, the
overture from '.'Rigoletto," was rendered
by the orchestra. *
President H. C. Schartzer made the
opening address, explaining the objects of
the Junior Order of American Mechanics.
His main line of thought was that there
was great need of restricting the class of
immigrants composed of paupers,.crimi
nals and the general outcasts of civilized
and uncivilized countries. He concluded
that the people of this country had not an
; inch of room for the anarchist or the
1 nihilist. The organization, he said, wel
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
corned every man, irrespective of his creed
or sect, so long as he was born under the
protection of the Stars and Stripes.
W. H. Barnes was announced for a ten
minute talk. He spoke in an eloquent
and entertaining strain on patriotism.
"When you are referred to as a part of
the A. P. A.," he said among other things,
"don't you be worried, for A. P. A. stands
for 'A Practical Association.' "' A refer
ence to the little red schoolhouse was in
terrupted by a burst of applause.
Dr. George h. Derrick, in his address on
the life of Washington, drew many lessons
of patriotism from it.
Miss Minnie Powell rendered the "Star
spangled Banner" in a very, creditable
manner, the chorus being taken up by 100
voices especially trained for the occasion
by John W. McKenzie Jr. During the
chorus the scene was made impressive by
the waving of the many flags and red,
white and blue plumes of pampas grass
I carried by those who had taken part in the
j parade.
I J. Taylor Rogers delivered the oration.
He said in part:
The highest work of God is man and the
greatest thing man ever created is govern
ment. After the revolution the people of this
country stood free. What things are necessary
to the absolute freedom of the individual '?
They are freedom of thought, the right
to do as one pleases and the right to keep the
product of one's labor.
How has our Government solved the
problem? Three things they decided upon
which are the fundamental principles of our
Government. They are these: The majority
must rule, there must be equality for every
man and there must be absolute separation of
church and state.
He then made a plea for woman suf
frage, and continued:
How are you going to get the ballot moral
ized and educated? You have answered that
in the following clause of your declaration of
principles: pyp.:.:' •
We affirm our devotion to the public school sys
tem of this country. We believe in compulsory
education, and that all teaching in our school's
should be in the English language, to the end
that future generations may be able to take their
place in the ranks of our country's workers,
educated in the history, the customs and manners
of Americans. • .:■:.-: yz :•:■
The speaker then made an elaborate
argument in support of this proposition,
and added:
When you refuse to send your children to
the public school you impeach our public
system, and when you send them to a religious
school you are helping to establish a denom
inational system of teaching. .
There are certain organizations in this coun
try that are opposed to the three fundamental
principles of our country and it is well that we
should have these celebrations to bring out
the loyalty and patriotism of our young peo
ple and teach them to hate all that" is opposed
to these principles.
Where does America stand to-day? She is
100 years old and has accomplished wonders,
but there is much yet to do. There are many
problems to solve.
He referred to the existence of the
tramp, the woman plying her needle for a
mere pittance, and the fact that Debs had
been in prison, "while Huntington was
now in Washington. "These," he said,
"are problems yet to be solved. Their ex
istence is a sign that there is something
wrong in the social system." He begged
that the American Mechanics might make
the solution of these problems a part of
their great work. He then went deep into
the intricacies of socialism, and concluded
with a peroration on true Americanism.
Miss Minnie Powell sang the "Battle
Hymn of the Republic," and the audience
joined in the chorus.
The recitation of the "Signing of the
Declaration of Independence", was a clever
bit of declamation by Mrs. Clara G.
Walker.
There was a grand choral singing of
"The Flag of Liberty," followed by
"America," and then the audience dis
persed. : v. 'T
EVENING EXERCISES.
Entertainment and Dance by the
Daughters of Liberty and
Junior Mechanics.
Last evening at Odd Fellows' Hall the
Junior Order of United American Me
chanics and the Daughters of Liberty
closed the celebration of Washington's
birthday with an entertainment and re
union ball. The entertainment was of a
general musical and literary character, but
included among its numbers feats of
legerdemain by Professor Hellman, some
excellent specialties by the famous Cotton
children and the exposition of a farcical
"thirty-second degree by the Oriental
court" of the Junior Mechanics.
The programme opened with an over
ture by . the Cellarius- orchestra. Del
Bowley sang "Let Me Like a Soldier Fall"
so well that the. audience demanded an
encore, which, however, because of the
length of the programme was not allowed.
'. Messrs. Dewey and Ewing rendered a
couple of comic songs, and Fred W. Yager
recited "The Flag of Freedom."
The Cotton children presented "National
Characters," which, instead of being
presentations of famous characters in the
history of the Nation as might have been
supposed from the title, was. a portrayal
of the peculiarities of various nationalities.
The numbers were very cleverly done, the
Chinese peculiarity, being especially well
received by the audience.
The burlesque "32d degree" took the
trembling candidate through some (ap
parently) very rough treatment at the
hands of the denizens of the lower world
and caused considerable excitement
among the ladies present, who evidently
I thought their escorts had all passed
: through similar initiatory experiences.
j The candidate was brought on the staee
; in a coffin, and incidentally the witch.'
| scene irom "Macbeth" was very cleverly
: rendered.
At the close of the programme the hall
was cleared for dancing, which contiuued
j till a iate hour.
THE INSTITUTE
CELEBRATION
Local Lodges of the Y. M. I.
Observe Washington's
j Birthday.
ENTHUSIASTIC AFFAIR.
Large Attendance at the Inter
esting Exercises Yester
day Afternoon.
PATRIOTIC WORDS AND SONGS.
Stirring Address by the Rev. Arthur
M. Clarke of the Congregation
of St. Paul. .
The local lodges of the Young Men's In
stitute combined to celebrate Washing
ton's birthday yesterday afternoon, at
Metropolitan Temple, in a manner' worthy
of themselves and of their order.
The decorations of the hall were effective
and tasteful. From the center of the ceil-
Rev. Arthur M. Clarke, C, S. P., Orator of the lay at the Y. M. I. Celebration.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
ing depended a very ornate lantern, from 1
which festoons of red, white and blue
bunting were hung, the ends being caught ;
up along the walls at equal intervals. The
balcony rails were concealed by a drapery
of cheesecloth in the National colors, over
which hung festoons of cardinal red. At
intervals along the balustrade were shields
bearing portraits of famous American 'gen
erals. The stage was embowered in foli- j
age, amid which the cross and palm branch
of ' the Institute mingled harmoniously !
with the American eagle and the bright
hues of Old Glory. Along the base of the
pipes of the great organ was extended a
painting of Washington crossing the Dela
ware, beneath which picture was the in
scription "Y. M.I. Day, February 22," in
characters of gold artistically shaded with
crimson. The building was crowded, hun
dreds being obliged to stand.
The exercises opened with American
airs rendered on the organ by Professor
Robert /J. Harrison, after . which ' the
master of ceremonies introduced the presi
dent of the day, Edward I. Sheehan, who
reminded all present of the two prin
ciples upon which the Young Men's Insti
tute is founded— loyalty to church and to
country. He said the institute had
selected Washington's birthday as' its
special festival, since Washington's public
career was noticeable mainly for the pure
spirit of religion and patriotism which
ever animated him and made him worthy
to become the father of his country. He
contended that the church had no more
faithful sons nor the nation more stanch
patriots than the Catholic men of the
United States. *
In conclusion Mr. Sheehan read the
following telegram from the delegates to
the Supreme Council of the institute,
lately in session at Denver:
Deming, N. Mkx., Feb. 22.
Chairman Y. if. I. Celebration, Metropolitan
Temple: Greeting to our brothers in meeting
assemDled. We regret that we cannot be with
you to honor the memory of Washington. The
Supreme Council was a gratifying success. A
brilliant future for the National Y. M. I. is as
sured. The supreme delegates are homeward
bound. . J. J. McDaoe, :
John Lynch,
F. j. Murasky,
Frank McGlynn. .
M. Grennan then gave a charming ren
dition of Faure's song, ''The Palms," as a
cornet solo, and in response to an enthu
siastic recall played "Killarney" with rare
feeling and expression. .*'? v %
The patriotic song, "The Sword of
Bunker Hill," was next sung witn much
fire and expression by G. V. Woods, who
gave as an • encore a fine rendering of "A
Hundred Fathoms Deep," in which song
his voice displayed its range and power to j
great advantage. , T
A recitation descriptive of the history
and character of George Washington was
then given by Raymond Whitaker. The |
young gentleman's soft yet penetrating j
voice and graceful, eloquent gestures won
a burst of applause from the audience. As
an encore Mr. Whitaker gave "Cas<3y at
the Bat," in an admirable style.
Miss Rose Broderick followed in "Colum
bia," which she sang in a full. rich, vibrating
soprano which reached every corner of the
building. In answer to a salvo of applause
she gave a beautiful rendering of the poem,
"The Tomb of Washington," arranged as
a solo to the air of an old plantation
melody, whose' weird, sympathetic ca
dences" seemed to suit her voice to perfec
tion.l%llßa_*_ra_r. ;,;.«. , i ; ,-.. ■ 4rjjsos_ssQ%B&%
The orator of the day was then intro
duced by Mr. Sheehan.
"I beg to introduce to you," Ihe said,
"the grandson of one of the ' fighters for
our nation's independence, a member of
the Sons of the Revolution, the Rev.
Arthur M. Clarke, priest of the Congrega
tion of St. Paul." The eloquent Paulist
spoke as follows: ' -
Fellow citizens: We are met here this after
noon to rejoice once more in an annual cele
bration of the: birthday, of the father of our
beloved country, the * natal day of him who
conquered the wilderness of nature in the
tangled woods that border the Potomac; pre
paring himself to conquer later onthe barbar
ous tyrant who sought to make a desert where
men were making homes. The birthday of
him who was never found wanting in war or
in peace, and whose name still rouses valor
.and patriotism in the hearts of his fellow
countrymen. The birthday of him who guided
the fortunes of this land while the principles
of Americanism were being hammered out
which, have made us the nation that we are
and which. will go on to make us greater than
men have ever thought. The birthday of a
freeman who gave a free land to his people
and fought with them for freedom to live in it.
lou know too well the story of his life— his
battles, his civil conquests, the magnanimity
of his heart, his sterling integrity of character
and Ins peaceful death at Mount Vernon.
"A hat could so untutored a voice as mine tell
you of him whom the graceful pen of Wash
ington Irving has made famous for generations
of grateful people. Enough then for me to
mention the name of the father of the Ameri
can Republic— George Washington.
There are, fellow-citizens, present in our
hearts, certain truths which it is well for us to
keep fresh -> nd blooming. It is our duty at
times to reflect upon them, to rehearse 'hen.
aloud or to listen to our neighbors as they
speak of these truths to us, that we may never
forget them and that we may, moreover, daily
make them practical. .
This afternoon, therefore, I shall take one
great truth out of the many which flow from
the source of all truth. I shall ask your kindly
consideration of this truth this atternoon. It
is this: A man is a citizen of the country
where he places his dwelling on the earth, ln
other words, the subject of my discourse this
afternoon - is "Citiizenship."
And I am sure that you with me will deem it
wise that the present is a fitting time to speak
on such a theme. The air has lately been some
what obscured with the windy lucubrations of
certain individuals who seem to imagine that
abuse of their neighbor's religious opinions is
the sum and substance of citizenship. ' I shall
not endeavor of course to disabuse gentlemen
of this class, who are freshly imported from
the wildernesses of tyranny, and who have the
hearts of despots and the feelings of a Crom
well, that they are wrong. Neither shall I en
gage in the fruitless task of attempting to
open their eyes to the sight of truth. Much
less have I any intention of asking them to
belive one word that I shall say.
But as for you. my fellow-citizens, who are
dwellers in this land and who love this glori
ous commonwealth of California, who owe no
allegiance to any foreign prince, you know
the truth, and it is the truth that has made you
free. You who were born here, I hail you as
native sons of the United States with myself.
You who have come across the sea -to find
refuge from the cruelty of despotic govern
ment, I hail you as adopted brothers to my own
native land. In this country you found and
still find the freedom which was denied you
elsewhere. You have found the freedom of
business, the freedom of education and the
lreedom of worship.
These three great principles of freedom are
those for which you suffered in those lands
across the sea which saw your birth. Your
trade was cut off, your farms made hunting
grounds, your education made a crime and
your worship unlawful. You fled from the
face of the tyrant and you found a refuge here
in this fair laud, where all three freedoms are
guaranteed to you. For these things your :
lathers suffered and died, and their blood bear
eternal witness to these principles and their !
truth. For these things our lathers fought and
bled and died, and freedom of business, free
dom of education, freedom of worship are
written in letters of blood from Bunker Hill to
Gettysburg. Whatever the tyrant has done in
other lands, by whatsoever injustice he has
gained he is now waning prosperity. In this
country he has been taught the" lesson of
"hands off." '-'• : T. ''- 1
Citizenship has its source in the being of
God. It flows thence in a great stream through
the world, and has swept on in its current for
full nigh sixty centuries. Though at times it
has passed under the earth like some of the
mysterious rivers of this coast, it has always
risen again, farther on, the same glad stream.
Though its waters have been defiled with the
sewage of the countries through which it has
passed, like the great waters of the ocean this
pure stream has rendered harmless the tilth
and wickedness that men have sought to defile
it with. So comes the freedom of the citizen
from God himself, and the better the citizen
serves the God he worships the better will he
serve the country where he lives, the laud of
liberty which claims his allegiance.
Citizenship reposes on God. We have ' his
authority for the existence of the States. "The
powers that be are ordained of God," this is to
say that it is the business of the State to see
that good order is preserved in the community;
that justice is observed; that vice is checked;
that perjury is punished; that soberness is
practiced, and that men who habitually give
way to their passions causing thereby damage
to their families and socletv are placed in
positions where they may be taught lessons of
self-control. *
The State exercises the authority of God over
its citizens in the enforcement of all laws
which make for morality and the well-being of
society, and of the individual as a member of
society. The State has the authority of God
over it, and its authority is a delegated one
from God himself, and can in no way interfere
with the natural law. There can be no higher
authority than. this, and kings and princes,
presidents and governors are bound always to
obey it. . . .
Who is the true citizen of a nation that is
free? Who are its bone and the sinew? Who
are they but those who recognize the source
whence comes their freedom and the authority
of its giver? Who are they except those men
who, following the great principles of morality
which reason teaches, make the life of the
nation of which they are sons? The citizen of
a country will be a worshiper of God accord
ing to his light.: The citizen of the country
will be a sober man, a pure. man, an honest
man, an obedient man both to the civil law
and to parental authority, saving always the
laws and the honor of God. In other words,
the blasphemer, the despiser of God, cannot
be a good citizen ; the imnure man cannot be
a good citizen, neither the drunkard, nor the
thief, nor the perjurer, and the parents of dis
obedient children and the children themselves
as well are pretty certain to turn out bad
citizens.
There is one other quality for a good citizen
in these United States, owing to the peculiar
aspect which freedom has taken in' our land
and to the manner in which we administer the
Government. The Government of this country
is, to use the words of the great Abraham Lin
coln, "a Government of the people, by the peo
ple and for the people." The people are the
Government.' "Vox uopuli, vox Dei!" We are
the Government.; The President, the Governor
the Mayor, are our creations, and we are their
makers. They are placed in power by us, and
to us they must render a good account for all
they do while in oilice. Really then, my fel
low-citizens, we are the rulers of this great Re
public of the United States. The good citizen
is the man who rules first himself and then his
country in common with others like himself
One great duty which the good citizen has
In these United States, and which I hold to be
a conscientious duty for myself at least, it not
for others, is the exercise of his office as a ruler
of the State where he dwells. * The vote the
bollo*, is his weapon witn which he is pro
vided by the providence of God to do his work
Where once the yell ot the soldier* and the
bullets of the army: worked revolutions now
the silent dropping of the ballots purifies with
its white veil the , mistakes of the unsatis
factory representatives of the popular will
Ihisisthe first duty: of the good citizen— to
vote— he has done his other duties to his
country of which I have just spoken. To vote
according to his conscience for the candidate
whom he considers best for the place. The
man who will not vote according to reason
and conscience should not be allowed to vote
at all. The man who will sell his vote should
be forever disfranchised. The organization
which makes a business of selling votes should
be handed over to the tender mercies of Father
Yorke, and the man who never votes or never
intends to vote is the man who cares nothing
about the country in which he lives and de
serves the name of ingrate.
My rights as an American, citizen are many.
I have the right to education/and the State
does not claim to take it from me, as it has
done elsewhere." As a parent I have the right
to educate my children and the State claims
no other riehV than to punish me if Ido not
exercise this right. In this country the rights
of parents over their children are carefully
guarded in- matters of education.
The State in this grand Republic offers me a
system of free schools almost as remarkable as
those which covered the countries of Europe
during the ages known as "dark." Education
is easily acquired here and the State supplies
the very best at its command at a very moder
ate tax per head. -.*'■ .4-pAy
I have also the right to pursue my lawful
business without molestation, and it would be
a crime for me to turn any man out of the
means of getting his livelihood because of his
religious opinions, or to force him to join a
trust at the expense of being forced to sell out
at a ruinous figure. The monopoly .on the
one hand and the fraudulent business on the
other are equally bad. | The State reserves the
right to dictate to me what my business shall
be aud to punish me if I engage in that which
is contrary to good morals and the social order.
As we have lately seen one of those who prate
about good citizenship was arrested and, let
us hope, will be severely punished for distrib
uting immoral literature.
My right to worship God according to the
dictates of my own conscience is assured to me
by the constitution of the United States and no
man has any business to interfere with my relig
ion unless, forsooth, like the pagan religions
of old, it teaches immorality. Therefore those
who go about to compass the liberty of con
science which is enjoyed by the citizens of this
country in the practice of their religion, are
false to the principles of the constitution, be
they unfrocked clergymen of any denomi
nation, be they editors ot obscure red-lettered
journals, be- they editors of metropolitan
journals. Those who go about under the cover
of a secret society to disseminate such princi
j ples as would arouse a religious warfare in the
community are traitors to the country and
worthy descendants of the hounds that burned
the convent at Charleston.
So that they do not interfere with the good
order of society, or with the code of morals
which reason teaches, a man's religious opin
ions are sacred, and the laws of this laud guar
antee him the right not only to hold them, but
the right to practice the worship of God in the
manner. which his religion teaches. And over
and above all this, the laws of the land and
the sentiment of the American people are op
posed to all religious persecution, even to the
public attacking of those who differ with us in
the public press. The aggressors in this coun
try have for this reason always found them
selves put down by public opinion, which was
.against them, and "the masterly defenders, who
have had truth on their side; have earned the
respect and finally the love of all fair-minded
people. It is a principle of Americanism to
see fair play, to listen to both sides, and gener
ally to take the part of him who is the de
fendant. -Ay:.
I stand here to-day on the broad platform of
the American constitution, which declares that
this is the truth. And I would emphasize, if it
were possible for me to do so, what has been
written in the lives of Catholic patriots who
have shown their loyalty and devotion to the
principles of freedom as written in that great
pronouncement of the American common
wealth. •. 7y\. a/axp- ■■■
Rise up, ye glorious .ons of Carroll of Carroll
ton and the little baud of brave signers of the
Declaration; crowd around us, ye followers of
Barry, of Sheridan, Hancock and Rosecrans.
Tell us of your deeds of valor, how with your
necks in the halter ye.did your work. Give us
again the tale of your naval conquests, your
wondrous ride to Winchester. Faithful you
were in war, faithful also in peace; as in the
army so in the hall? of justice or the assembly
rooms of Congress. Come forth, great prince of
the church, John Joseph Hughes, patriot Arch
bishop, go over for us again your journey to
I'aris for your country's good in the hour of
her peril. . . .
You also who are before me to-day, you are
the sons of these faithful Americans, tell me
are you not loyal to the American constitu
tion? Amid the clash of arms and the busy
hum of the stirring wheels of industry I hear
a woman's voice. It says, "Remember us, for
we, too, are loyal." It is the modest voice of
the Sister of Charity who nursed the wounded
on the field of battle.
I seem to- see the heavens open, and there
stands at the gate a tall civilian, soldier and
statesman. The crown of immortality sur
mounts his brow. And he has a word of greet
ing for each American as he comes from the
banks of the river of death which he has lately
passed. Hear him: "Hail, brother Catholic;
you have done well in the cause of liberty on
earth. Hail, Sister of Charity, who have nursed
the sick and taught the young. Hail, ye
Catholic soldiers and sailors.""
It is the voice of the man whose day we cele
brate, the faithful witness and true to Ameri
can freedom— George Washington.
The orator's address was applauded en
thusiastically, after which the audience
joined in singing "The Bed, White and
Blue." Miss A. Roney sang the "Star
spangled Banner," the audience joining in
the refrain and in the singing of ••Amer
ica," with which the .celebration termi
nated. ; • - ■
AT THE JAMES LICK.
Successful Celebration Exercises
by the Pupils of the Grammar
School.
Washington's birthday was celebrated
at the James Lick Grammar School with
the spirit of '76.
In the morning the primary classes held
their exercises in the yard and saluted the
flag, sung "America" and the "Star-span
gled Banner." T;TTv
The grammar grades had their exercises
in their respective rooms in the afternoon.
The following is the programme of the
ninth grade: Song, "Hail Columbia;"
piano solo.Millie Schmitt; biography. Ethel
Tabrett; "Early Life," Frances Gibson;
"School Life," Katie Kelly; song, "Battle
Hymn of the Republic;" "Character of
Washington," Kitty McCormick; "Tomb
of Washington." Gay Spencer; song,
"Mt. Vernon Bells;" "Washington's Let
ter's," Florence French: "Mt. Vernon,"
H. Hewelcke; "Washington," John New
begin, J. Reimers, C. Martin; piano solo,
Ethel Tabrett; "Our Washington," John
Campbell; "Ode on Washington," Edna
Forbes; "Under the Washington Elm,"
W. de Winton ; song, "America."
J. J. Morse's Lecture.
J. J. Morse will lecture under the auspices of
the California Psychical Society at National
Hall, Ellis street, this evening at 7:45 o'clock
the subject being "The Evolution of a Soul—
Its Triumph."
■"-.'.,/ NEW TO-DAT. . ' ■ .
€t*9**&99
WOB.
GRIP
A Singer's Voice.
Mb. Alonzo Hatch, the .- sweet-voiced
tenor, says:' "In January I was afflicted
with a catarrhal cold in the head, extend-
ing to the throat, producing hoarseness
and almost total loss of voice/on account
of which I was obliged to cancel three
weeks of professional engagements. I
tried three physicians and many remedies
without relief. Finally a friend recom-
mended "77," and, I am happy to state, I
used it with most gratifying results. In
five days I wfcs sufficiently" recovered to
keep my engagements, and am now en-
tirely cured. ; Can heartily recommend it
to the singing profession."
"77" for COLDS
Grippe, Influenza, Catarrh, Pains in the
Head and Chest, Cough, Sore Throat,
General Prostration and Fever. T
Small bottles of . pleasant pellets-fit yonr vest
pocket sold by .Ironists or sent on receipl of
Co ' lll^dVi'swMuf ™.Uum„isr e yJl_S_ti_.l
V.0., in ana Jl3 inlaw street, New York.
NEW TO-DAY.
"IEBiiL"
Fine ill,
HATS
_A_.N__Z_>
Mill Cools
FOR
MEN, BOYS
AND CHILDREN.
875 Market Street,
Near Fifth;
I hereby beg to announce to
my friends and the public in
general that I have opened the
above named store with a well
assorted and carefully selected
stock of the already mentioned
goods. Everything .is brand new
and of the latest style. Please
give me a call.
B. ROMAN,
875 Market St.
BUSINESSMEN
DO NOT MAKE INVESTMENTS WITHOUT
careful consideration of all details. When they
BUY
They make sure they are getting their moneys
worth. Same with a bicycle. Don't buy until vou
see a number of the best. We claim to have the
best, and not only that, but believe we can prove
it to you. All we ask is that you favor us with a
call and see the
Sterling Bicycle
" BUILT LIKE A WATCH."
Send for Catalogue. Free.
STERLING CYCLE WORKS,
T. WM. V. BRYAN, MANAGER,
314 POST STREET, S.F.
MANLY VIGOR
'MlMflßilk rjNCE MORE in harmony
'lilt lIIiIrS w with the world, 2000
J I ' l l_^'V com ph_tely cured men are
j i &w* singing happy praises for
Jill I I |T££» r\_m__ the greatest, grand-
l__r^^<iW§^r^ *■*"*■' and most suc-
mTTTmT-T|>i^^^^ cessful cure for sex-
I |JU^v^S_>w' aal weakness and
iM I iv*\ x_S*o^s_V wet vigor known to
111 iE***Cs_^->-_-*^*-Y _si^v medical science. An
I _f^^^_{J!Zrs\ V account of this tcon-
CZS? t^Z^jm^^^Ar drrful discovery, in
x»^__^\j(/^y*\77__i ho<_\: form, with ref.
**^ ah-rfy-^^ erences and proofs,
, . - ,',,__. will be sent to suf-
fering men (sealed) free Full manly yi CO r
permanently restored. Failure impossible.
ERIE MEDICAL CO.,BUFFALO,N.Y.
DR.WOMWOO -HIS!
Chinese Drugs /3^^V»_jB_*«_
and Tea and Herb Sr
776 CLA X STKKET, BL _^ jj
Bet- Kearny and Dupont, __*£& _{____. &
San Irancisco. . K*^# h£^ A
I, the undersigned, have ■ / km
been cured from kidney %/£,-<*___ __7
trouble, from which "l fc* HpSv\ jJ3* _\
suffered for over 10 years, f «B"**». J 4
Office hours: 9:30 to 1 1 __SBsBSK_t____K__S__
a. it. ; 1t03,7t0 9 p. i_. aW___________fs_Z__W_____w
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cures Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Bruises,
Sprains, Stiff Joint* and Swellings.
IT STOPS ALI, PAIN.
ALL DRUGGISTS SELL IT.
BO CENTS ' AND 81 A BOTTLE.
HEALTH RESORTS.
ST, HELENA SiliS
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat)
is nnder strictly regular management; a quiet,
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure,
massage, electrical treatments, Swedish move-
ments, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
that is included in modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water,
even temperature and restful scenery may be
i obtained.
Terms: Room, with board and regular treat-
ment, $12 to $.0 per 'week.
Send lor circular:; St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Napa County, Cai.
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of . Market St.,
at 7 a. lt. and 4p. m., via Vallejo Junction, reach
ing St. Helena at 10:15 a. m. and 7:08 v. __.PATRIOTISM
AND SUNSHINE
All Oakland Turned Out to
Celebrate the Holi
day.
THOMPSON'S BANNER.
The Old California Cavalry's
Flag Cheered to the
Echo.
VETERAN FIREMEN IN LINE*
Thousands of School Children and Many
Floats Join in the Great
Parade.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, Feb. 22. ,
The beautiful sunshine and the coolly
tempered air. made to-day an ideal one for
a great parade, and Alameda County took
full advantage of it.
The enthusiasm commenced when the
Grand Army posts began to assem
ble and the floats in various parts of
the city received their finishing touches.
A little later people began to arrive in
hundreds from the interior of the county,
school children flocked to their respective
meeting-places, and everywhere was life
and gayety of manner and color.
The Veteran Firemen of San Francisco
to the number of about 150 crossed the bay
and brought their historic engine with
them. They also brought their wives and
daughters, and many hands of iter
John __. Sands, President of the Day at
Oakland.
[From a photograph.]
texture than those of the gray-headed vets
grasped the ropes by which the engine
was pulled.
Not only did Oaklanders stay at home
to celebrate Washington's birthday, but
they prepared such a celebration as en
ticed thousands of people into the city.
The front of nearly every store in town
was gaily decorated, and from every win
dow, awning and comfortable roof along
the line of march thousands of people
witnessed the parade and made known
their appreciation.
The entire city was given up to celebra
tion. The parade was, of course, the
most imposing feature. There was a mon-
Eter demonstration by the Young Men's
Institute at the Tabernacle. The First
Congregational Church was packed with
another big audience.
The wheelmen found entertainment in
the San Leandro races of the Associated
Wheelmen, arid the first regatta of the sea
son was held on Lake Merritt in the pres
ence of 8000 people who lined the banks of
the pretty sheet of water and made that
vicinity more lively than it had ever been
before. •
The Foresters of America gave a grand
ball at Germania Hall and some enthusi
astic politicians got together and organ
ized a McKinley club in the heart of town.
At the Maedonough Theater a large and
liable audience listened for two
hours to the only concert given in this
city by Ignace Paderewski.
In strange contrast to the life and gayety
to be seen here was the experience of
Mayor Davie, who crossed to San Francisco
later in the day.
'•Of all dead cities on a public holiday,"
said Oakland's Mayor, ''San Francisco was
the deadest to-day. I could not see any
thing that suggested a holiday. The stores
were a little deserted, the streets looked
dead, and I have no doubt that a large
portion of that City was on this side of the
bay on account of the many attractions
that were offered to visitors."
THE PARADE.
Grand Army Veterans, Exempt
Firemen, Historic Floats and
School Children.
OAKLAND, Cai,., Feb. 22.— About half
an hour after the announced time the pro
cession started. Scores of trumpets and
thousands of cheering people accompanied
the initial move. Chief of Police Lloyd
and a solid line of officers led the way.
Grand Marshal Henry Dalton came
next. He was on a fine white horse. He
wore a broad bash of gold-colored silk ex
tending over the right shoulder and
fastened on the left side by golden stars.
Then came Chief of Staff Samuel P. Bod
well, with a red, white and blue sash,
color-bearer, bugler, aids to the grand mar
shal, F. E. Pierce, J.. A. Sherman Jr., D.
W. Martin, C. L. Pierce, J.W. Laymance, G.
I. Taggart, Theo Gier, W. Mathews, O. L.
Bell, W. M. Gardner, H. L. Weitzel, G. H.
Vose Jr., A. Humphreys, A. B. Tennant,'
J. E. Holmes, N. W. Leitch, J. G. Cham
bers, William Higby, Dr. R. W. Rogers,
E. D. Lune, W. S. Pierce, W. B. Hodges,
'■■ W. Brower. C. W. Petrie. These wore
blue sashes, white trowsers and top boots.
'1 he first of the floats then appeared in
line. It consisted of a large American flag
in which young ladies were the stars and
older one's the stripes. A pretty feature
was the nrettilv uniformed Fifth Regiment
Band, following which came the battalion
of the Fifth Infantry under the command
of Major J. F. Hayes.
The signal for vociferous cheers was the
Grand Army. The veterans were headed
by a little band.that cut a prominent fig
ure in the" early history of the State.. It
consisted of General D. W. C. Thompson.
K. W. Woodward and W. H. H. Hussey.
They represented the California Cavalry
Battalion ana California One Hundred,
which were commanded by Major Thomp
son ail through the war. General Thomp- J
son carried the historic banner of the bat- J
tahon that was presented to the warriors
when they left California by the ladies of
ban Francisco. The old banner bears evi
dence of having waved to many a breeze
and it was loudly cheered along the whole
line of march.
Under that banner was fired the last
volley of the Civil War. At that time the
California Battalion was deployed in
skirmishing ahead of General Sherman's
army. General Lee had marched all night
and had got ahead of Sherman's command.
They were met by the skirmishers, and
after one volley Lee withdrew. A few
hours later, at Appomattox Courthouse,
on April 9, the war was over. The old
banner was presented to General Thomp
son, and has been preserved ever since.
He only takes it out on rare occasions,
and to-day was one of such. The flag was
carried with the armies of the Potomac,
Shenandoah and James, and with the
Fourth. Fifth, Sixth, Eighth, Twelfth,
Nineteenth, Twenty-second and Twenty
fourth Army Corps, ana in the cavalry
under Sheridan, Stoneman, Pleasenton,
Torbet, Averill, Mearitt, Custer, Devens
and Gibbs.
Five hundred men mustered in at San
Francisco in October, 1862, and IS*B mus
tered out at Fairfax Courthouse, Va.,
in August, 1805, and six of its commis
sioned oflicers were killed on the field.
These facts were known to thousands of
those who cheered, and the old flag re
called them.
Lyon and Appomattox posts were under
the* command of George A. Norton and
J. F. Pierce. Admiral . Porter Post fol
lowed. . ...:."..
Then came carriages containing John
A. Sands (president of the day), Major E.
A. Sherman. Dr. George C. Pardee, Mayor
Davie, George L. Fish, George Kaufman,
J. M. Bassett, Dr. T. L. Carpenter (presi
dent of the celebration committee). City
Attorney Peirsol, City Engineer Wilson,
City Clerk Tompkins, members of the
Council, Board of Education and Board of
Supervisors, G. C. Lyon, C. C. Gilbert, A. E.
Issac and A. L. Ladd.
The Veteran Firemen of San Fran
cisco made, their first appearance in
this city, headed by their own band
of eighteen pieces. They were a stal
wart set of men, and each wore his heavy
black helmet, red shirt and black ciavat,
black belt and trousers. The ropes that
hauled the engine were passed along the
whole length of the red-shirted line. The
oilicers of the Veteran Firemen came next.
The marshal was Joseph Marchall, who
while a member of the Exempt and Vet
eran Firemen, is also president of the Vet
erans and a member of the Fire Commis
sioners' Board of San Francisco. His aid
was the stalwart S. Bunner. Both of these
gentlemen carried a traditional silver
trumpet, the bell of which was filled with
a beautiful bouquet presented by Mrs.
Lily Hitchcock Coit, who in the days
when the boys ran with the machine, ran
also, as a member of Company No. 5 over
in San Francisco. " Mrs. Coit is now a full
fledged active member of the Veter
ans. It is needless to say the bouquets
were appreciated by the recipients.
Behind tne company rolled the hand
engine "Veteran." It .is a stately mass
of varnished and Highly polished iron and
glistening brass, appropriately inscribed,
It was sparsely decorated with flowers,
because flowers would only hide the
brakes, the dome, the sides and other
features which are reminders of a method"
of fire-fighting known no more in large
cities. Eftafi
Among the men in line were W. D.
Farren, James Pennycock. B. Mayer,
James Ford, D. Deßarnardi, Fred
A. Will, George Lawton, Frank Ter
ramorse, John Sate .well, Thomas Brady.
John Watkins, John Carson, Richard
Harrold, James Clark, C. C. Scbafier,'
C. 11. McMahon, Thomas Kenny. P.
Conners, John Fick, ■ C. Wilton, John
DeVaul, Thomas Cornell, Hugh Cal
vin, James Hayden, P. Fitzsimmons,
Francis Goss, James McKeowen, Captain
Pharo, F. Surryhne, Fred Kaufman, Wil
liam Kramer, William Edwards, John
Stout, Douglas White, George White, John
McCarthy, John Lynch, Captain J. J. j
Herron, George Burkhard, Robert Turner,
K. T. Anthony, Georgt Pigeon, John I
Nugent, James Clark. J.. W.Scott, M. Bar
man. Dave Skenan. Jack.Skehan, William ■
JJunn, C. Bertolshime, George ßayreuther, !
Peter Brown, J. W. Kenny, Thomas Lord, >
Charles Cram, P. Lahaney, L. Selinger, j
Ed Saulsbury,- John Carrol, J. B. Landa, j
William Gaiitenes, F. Boehmer, H. Korn, j
Joe Griffiths, J. Watkins, M. Breen, R. j
Butler and many others.
After the Artillery Band came a float
representing the surrender of Cornwallis
at Yorktown. Another float represented
the thirteen original States, each dressed
in white, with. a red sash. "Uncle Sam"
Carnor followed, at the- head of about 400
citizens and a number of councils of the
Junior Order of United American
Mechanics from San Francisco and the
following councils of Oakland : George A.
Custer Council' No. 22, James Monroe
Council No. 24, Paul Revere Council No.
25, John A. Logan Council No. 31, Henry
Clay Council No. 34. They wore white
caps, some of the chapeaus being dec
orated with red, white and blue ribbon.
Several of the councils bore red and white
pampas plumes, which they held aloft.
A cavalcade of ladies, under the tnar
shalship of Miss Abbie R. Taggart, fol
lowed.
Several patriotic floats came next. One,
"The Union," containted forty-five States,
each represented by a handsome young
woman. Alameda was represented by
Council No. 35, Women's A. P. A. The
ladies were in a carriage and wore pow
dered hair.
After a float representing the rigors of
Valley Forge came the school children.
The thousand? of little people marched
with ease and grace, • and there were nu
merous drum corps. Each school carried
a banner and smaller decorations were
numerous.
High School, J. B. McChesnev; Durant
School. «. G. S. Dunbar; Garfield School,
Mrs. Ellen Gibbs; Grove-street School,
Mrs. H. D. Standeford; Lincoln School, T.
O. Crawford; Swett School, J. H. Sumner;
float, "Utah Coming Into the Union";
Cole School. G. W. Frick; Franklin School,
J. F. Chandler; Grant School, Miss Eliza
beth Powell; Harrison School, Miss H. M.
Mullen, Lafayette School, Miss A. F. Aid
rich; Prescott School, C. F. Gulick; Tomp
kins School, C. E. Markham ; Piedmont,
Peralta, Golden Gate. Emeryville, Alame
da, Berkeley, Temescal public schools.
P. J. Keller of Piedmont no parade
in Oakland would be complete without
him— led a cavalcade of about 200 horse
men. Around the neck of Marshal Keller's
horse was a pretty green wreath, and the
marshal himself was resplendent in sash
and tinsel.
The OaKland* Fire Department came
next. At the head rode Chief Fair in his
buggy. Then came the men attached to
Phenix Engine, in the traditional fireman's
uniform. Next came. the engine, glisten
ing like polished silver and reflecting on
all sides beautiful decorations of flowers
and National colors. The horses were in
magnificent fettle, and seemed to feel that
they, too," had to show off on.'the occasion.
Following was the hose wagon, which was
also gaily decorated, while the horses
pranced along the roadway. Then came
the Thirteenth-street Chemical Engine,
decorated with flowers, and Hose No. 1,
with the men carrying immense Japanese
parasols. The hosecart was covered with
flowers. The hook-and-laader truck was
preceded by its men, and was itself loaded
with garlands of smilax and flowers.
Company No. 0 followed, and all the
apparatus was decorated in a beautiful
manner. .
The Boys' Brigade of East Oakland was
in the parade under the command of Lieu
tenant Bird. They made a very pretty
military appearance. The float of Mount
Vernon with Washington and his wife
sitting in front of ; the cottage so fre
quently represented in picture, and the
little red schoolhouse in the distance were
loudly cheered.
After a long line of private vehicles and
bicyclists the pageant was over. It was a
splendid show and those who had come
many miles to see it were not disap
pointed. . : . *
The First Congregational Church was
far too small to hold the crowd that at
tempted to enter, it to-night to hear the
literary exercises arranged under the aus
pices of the parade committee. 'There
were three " short addresses, all 55 dealing
with the character and example of George
Washington. Major E. A. Sherman was
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
. LACE DEPARTMENT!
At 25 Cents a Yard.
BUTTER POINT VENISE LACE, 4>_
inches wide, reduced from 75c.
At 35 Cents a Yard.
BUTTER NET- TOP . POINT VENISE
LACE, 10 inches wide, reduced from
85 c.
At 65 Cents a Yard.
BLACK CHANTILLY LACE, all silk, 13
inches wide, reduced from $1 50.
At $1.00 a Yard. '
BLACK CHANTILLY NET, all silk, 45
inches wide, in striped and figured, re-
duced from $2 75. ' - .
NOYELTIESJN LACES!
At 25 Cents to $1.00 a Yard.
BATISTE LACE INSERTION, in linen
shade, will be offered at 25c, 35c, 50c,
75c and $1 a yard. 'TT'
At 25 Cents to $1.00 a Yard.
ISIGNY POINT LIERNE LACE, in all
widths, will b« offered at 25c, 35c, 50c,
75c and $1 a yard.
At $2.00 a Yard.
SPANGLED NET in all shades, " Beaded
Net, 27 inches wide, will be offered at
. $2 a yard.
I EMBROIDERIES!
At 10 Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC. NAINSOOK and SWISS GUI-
PURE EMBROIDERY, regular value i
20c. ...
At 15 Cents a Yard.
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK and SWISS GUI-
PURE EMBROIDERY, recular value
25c. .
EXTRA SPECIALI
300 pieces FINE CAMBRIC. NAINSOOK
AND SWISS EMBROIDERY, will be
offered this week at half price.
I_fl_f Murphy Building, /
Market aid Jones Streets.
the first speaker and he devoted himself to
the value of Washington as a patriotic
example. • -
The speaker said that at the age of 19,
George Washington was made a Master
Mason. "We read that at the entrance to
Solomon's Temple there were two immense
pillars that supported the entrance. The
pillars that support the portals of Ameri
canism are Washington and Lincoln, one
the founder, the other the savior of his
country."
John A. Sands, president of the day,
and ex-Mayor George C. Pardee made
short addresses on the same subject. Rev.
Dr. R. F. Coyle pronounced the opening
prayer and the benediction. Mias Mabel
Hussey gave a reading, Mrs. Lena Carroll
Nicholson sang and the whole audience
joined in "America."
One of the most interesting features was
a recitation by a little child referring to
the admission of the baby State of Utah
into the Union. The proceedings through
out were of the most enthusiastic char
acter. p-z'AprpA-ypy
THEY CUT IT DOWN.
The Boys' Brigade Vigorously Ob
jected to an Advertisement on
•-Old Glory."
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22. — While
marching along . Broadway, the Boys'
Brigade noticed a big flag hanging in front
of an office with the word "Chronicle" on
it in large letters. Lieutenant Bird, who
knows that advertising on the Stars and
Stripes is forbidden, made a mental note
of the flasr during the parade, and when
all was over he marshaled his command
back to Broadway.
At the word halt, the youthful warriors
stopped in front of the flag, and Lieutenant
Bird went into the office and told the clerk
of their displeasure and asked that the
flag be removed at once. A promise was
given to that effect, but as it was not
speedily carried out, Private Bush was or
dered to cut it down.
The order was obeyed and amid the
cheers of the assembled crowd the flag
was cut down from the outer end as the
clerk from the top of the building lowered
the inner end.
THE OAKLAND Y. M. I.
Address by tho Rev. Arthur M.
Clarke and a Programme of
Patriotic Exercises.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22.— Exposi
tion building was crowded to-night with
the members and friends of the local Y.
If. I. councils, who had gathered to listen
to a patriotic programme. The place was
decorated with the National colors.
* The chief speaker was the Rev. Arthur
M. Clarke, C. S. P., of San Francisco. . His
subject was "The Opinion of Non-Catholic
Citizens Regarding the Catholic Church."
He said:
"We are here to-night to celebrate the
greatest of Columbia's feast days, next to
Independence' day itself, the feast of the
birthday of the father and founder of the
American Onion, George Washington. We
come here to-night as American citizens.
To he a citizen of America is the highest
privilege that any man on earth can have
in his civil life. For it means to be a
member of the country which to-day :of
all the rest in the world stands for free
dom. . '-//. .* : ; :P.yA
. "I have, as an American citizen, a right
to be proud of that privilege, for my
fathers laid down their lives for the cause
of American liberty. They spent their
long years on the battlefield; on board the
warships, in 'fighting the tyrant that
sought to make of liberty but a name. I
am proud to be from those who sat in the
halls of state and helped to frame the
documents which stand as witnesses ; ; to
the greed of the British Government on
the/one hand and the bravery of the
Americans on the other. '.'•.,..
"We are Informed by an obscure Ala,
meda preacher; and ; he is a brewer, too
that the Catholic church, i.e., you and I,
are under suspicion in this country. Since
when? By whom? Where? Is the Cath
olic religion something new Here?. Has it
The greatest and most successful Clearance Sale ever held in he West
terminates this week with A GRAND FINAL CUT IN PRICES that will
more than double the immense rush of buyers that have thus far attended
the sale, as the necessity of making room for our ANNUAL SPRING OPEN-
ING NEXT WEEK forces us to mark down the followingand all other lines
remaining from our Fall and Winter stock REGARDLESS OF VALUE
TO CLEAR THEM OUT WITHOUT FAIL!
MEN'S FURNISHINGS !
At 15 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S JAPANESE SILK
HANDKERCHIEFS, with white or
fancy hemstitched borders, lame size,
regular price 25c and 35c, will be closed
out at 15c each.
At 50 Cents.
30 dozen MEN'S LAUNDERED PER-
CALE SHIRTS, with two collars and
one pair cuffs to each, regular price $1
and $1 25, will be closed out at 50c each.
At 50 Cents.
52 dozen Boys' FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES,
with ruffled fronts, collars and cuffs,
and in a choice variety of neat designs
in fine percales, at 50c each.
At 50 Cents.
45 dozen BOYS' PERCALE AND CHEV-
' . lOT WAISTS,. with pleated backs and
fronts, felled seams, and of extra
heavy material, at 50c each.
;_, '-..
At 15 Cents.
120 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED ME-
RINO SOCKS,- in assorted brown
shades, with double-spliced heels and
. . toes, extra value for 25c, will be closed
out at 15c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
45 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CASH-
MERE MERINO UNDERSHIRTS
AND DRAWERS, fancy silk finished,
regular value for $1 25, "will be closed
out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
35 dozen MEN'S UNDYED AUSTRAL-
IAN LAMB'S-WOOL UNDERSHIRTS
AND DRAWERS, warranted thor-
oughly shrunk, extra value for $150,
will be closed out at .1 each.
yfi/ Murphy Building, J
Market anil Jones Streets.
i just appeared on the face of the earth?
, Has it just been imported into this land of
freedom? Has : it now, after flourishing
for more than a hundred years, to give an
account of itself to a party of ranting
bigots? ■
"To a body of men who, if they dared,
j would burn, stab and kill defenseless
! women and orphan children? Have these
■ scoundrels forgotten their hellish work in
J my dear commonwealth of Massachusetts
at Charlestown? Have they forgotten
| Philadelphia and St. Augustine? Have
j they forgotten Louisville?
"We nave good reason to be proud of
I our citizenship, and we do not need
j ignorant ministers like Wendte nor obscene
j curs like Price and Bowman to teach us
what it is. But nev r have Catholics
banded themselves together to defeat the
American constitution;- to franchise
men because they were Episcopalians or
Methodists or any other creed.
"Never have Catholics in an oath-bound
religio-political secret organization sought
to enforce the boycott, to stir up sedition
or threaten men's lives with bayonets and
bullets. History does not "record the
Catholic sectet society that endeavors to
crush under its iron heel all classes of citi
zens who do not come up to the religious
standard it proposes. But on the contrary
it shows Catholic citizens to have been first
and foremost in protecting non-Catholics
and their institutions from mob law.
"But to-night I am not going to make an
onslaught on the A. P. A. The thing is
dead. Beaten at the polls in Massachusetts
at the last election by an overwhelming
j majority, its snaky Carcass is receiving its
j death blow in Georgia and Tennessee and
: it is only the dying tail of the beast that
is wriggling out here in the Golden West
and which is being cut in two by Father
Yorke." '■ - ■'■
IN THE LOCAL PULPITS.
The Lenten Season to Be Ob
served by Special
Services.
Rev. Frank Hinckley Will Rave
Charge of the Woodland Con
gregational Church.
Dr. W. W. Case will preach this evening
on "The Devil's Forward Stop.," in the
course of which he will discuss local needs.
Rev. J. Cumming Smith will deliver a
lecture on "Christianity and Sociology"
at Trinity Presbyterian Church this even
ing. 7//;
The united Lenten services of the Epis
copal church are as follows: .
February 19— Grace Church; Rev. M. D. Wil
son, preacher; subject, "The Marriage of the
King's Son." . ■ ..
February "26— Church of the Advent; Rev. E.
J. Lion; "The Wedding Garment." .
March 4— Trinity Church- Rev. R. C. Foute;
"The Barren Fig Tree." '.*-.
March 11— Grace Church; Rev. E. B. Spald
ing, "The Far Country."
March 18— Church of the Advent; Rev. G. E.
Walk; "The Ten Virgins."
March Trinity Church; Rev. J. a.
Emery; "The Talents."
April I— Trinity Church; Rev. W. H. More
'land; "The Good Shepherd."
Rev. L. D. Mansfield has resigned charge
of Christ Mission at San Jose. .
The. programme for the Christian Work
ers' convention at Lob Angeles is as fol
lows: Thursday the subject for study will
be "Prayer" in-life and teaching of Christ,
in life and epistles. of Paul, etc. Friday
"The Relation of the Worker to the Work
and to the Word" will be considered.
Saturday "The Holy Spirit;" his person
ality, divinity and relation to workers,
will be the subject. In the* evenings -ad.
dresses on such themes as "Relations of
the Church to City Mis-dons and Rescue
Work," "The Christian Workers' Reward,
"Power From on High," "Worth :of a
j Soul," "Some Incentives of a Holy Life,"
I "Home and Foreign Missions, Etc.," will
Ibe given. The speakers will be: Dr. Alex
NEW TO-DAY.
FANCY RIBBONS!
At 25 Cents.
FANCY STRIPED ALL-SILK RIBBON,
. 4">_ inches in all new colors, will
be offered at 25c a yard.
At 30 Cents.
FANCY STRIPED ALL-SILK RIBBON,
5 inches wide, entirely new, will be of-
fered at 30c a yard.
At 30 Cents:
FANCY STRIPED SHADED RIBBON,
all silk, 4 inches wide, in entirely new
patterns, will be offered at 30c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
FANCY FIGURED AND PLAID RIB-
, BONS, all silk, entirely new designs,
value 50c, will be offered at 35c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, elegant
designs, Z\r_ inches wide, value 70c,
wiil be offered at 50c a yard.
At 65 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, in any
number of designs, value 90c, will be
offered at tJ5c a yard. . -'. T. 7.
At 25 Cents.
3K-INCH. ALL-SILK, BLACK SATIN
AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, will
be offered at 25c a yard.
At 35 Cents.
4K-INCH ALL-SILK, BLACK SATIN
AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, will
be offered at 3oc a yard. T V'r '
mtf Murphy Building, J
Mate an. Jones Streets.
ander Pat son, Dr. J. L. Brooks, Dr.
Herrick Johnson, ex-Governor Pattison,
Louis Klop-ch, Major Hardie. Major rHil
ton, Mrs. Judd Montgomery, Mrs. Clinton
B. Fiske, N. B. Currier, S. I. Middler and
others. The mus.c will be led by Ira D.
Sankey and George C. Stebbins, assisted
by an orchestra of twenty-five pieces and a
picked choir of flitv voices.
The funeral of Rev. John McKelvey, a
superannuate of the Southern California
Methodist Conference, took place at Clear
Water on Wednesday.
-' The West Side Christian Church of this
City filed articles of incorporation recently
with the following persons a- directors:
B. F. Clarke, R. L. Rigdon, N.F. Reming
ton, J. D. Hodgen and William A. Gardner.
Rev. Samuel Weyler has been called to
the Benicia Congregational Church.
Rev. Frank E. Hinckley - lias begun his
duties as pastor of the Congregational
church at Woodland.
Rev. W. D. Williams will begin a series
of homilies on home at the Plymouth Con
gregational Church this evening. "Wives"
will be his topic this evening. Next Sab
bath he will discuss "Mothers," and the
third will be "Sisters."
There wiU be a special course of sermons
at St. Mary's Cathedral every Wednesday
and Sunday evening during Lent. Rev.
C. A. Karam will deliver the ' first sermon
of the series. ' 'V>*'" -
St. Paul's parish is preparing for a cele-
I bration at Metropolitan Hall op the eve of
| St. Patrick's day. Rev. Father Ferguson
j will deliver the oration and music will be
I provided by the Erin Choral Circle.
Elders William Langton of Salt Lake City
: and Abram Hatch of Weber,-Utah,- will
i address the Latter Day Saints at Pythian
Castle to-day. Mr. Langton will speak at
2 p. ji., his theme being "Seventeen Years'
Experience as a Mormon.". Mr. Hatch
will discourse on "The Life and Mission of
Joseph Smith" this evening.
A Chicago exchange says that Dr. Emil
G. Hirsch has refused a call to the Beth-El
Congregation of New York City.
A branch of the Daughter of the King
has been formed in St. Mark's parish,
Berkeley. The name chosen is the Mar
tha Chapter, the motto "The Master has
Come and Calleth for Thee." Miss Mary
Oaves is the president.
WOULD READ UPSTAIRS.
Mechanics' Institute Members Who Ob
ject to the Study Location.
The following protest against the main
tenance of the Mechanics' Intstitute read
ing-room : in the basement of the Post
street building has been signed by L. E.
Phillips; E. P. Heald, George R. Tresson,
P. J. Haley, . candidates for office at the
ensuing election, and by E. H. Cole, one
of the present trustees: 777'T,
We, the undersigned members of the Me
chanics' Institute, do hereby protest against
the use of a cellar lor a reading-room for the
following reasons:
.The ins "ttliciency of light, making it neces
sary to burn gas the whole day, causing there
by injury to the : eyes of the readers and mak
ing reading a painiul task instead of a pleasure.
The bad ventilation; which is also deleterious
in its sources, drawing in on one side the foul
air directly from the gutter of the street and
on the other side the odors of numerous cess
pools, forming a combination of poisonous air
inhaled directly into the lungs of readers.
Those readers sitting in that portion' of the
cellar which is under the sidewalk are con
stantly annoyed by the trampling of feet over
their head from pedestrians on the sidewalk,
while passing canines 'stop at the windows
and by their filthy habits make it sometimes
very unpleasant - for , those readers sitting
under the open windows trying to catch the
glimpses of daylight which said .windows
afford.
In the other portion of the cellar there is a
constant passing to and fro from the cesspools
by members. and outsiders, rendering-quiet
and studious reading an Impossibility.-;; .
It seems rather strange that the .members of
this institute should be deprived of their well
appointed, light and; airy reading-room and
forced down into an unhealthy, . low-ceiled
cellar, in order to make room' for. classes of
boys fur a < few. evenings s each i week, said
classes being a great expense to the institute.
For these reasons, which must be apparent
to all, we sincerely trust that better accommo
dations, either in the second • or , third stories,
te •■ afforded to , those members ' who * desire to
use the reading-room.
HOSIERY ANDJNDERWEAR!
At 16% Cents a Pair.
97 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
BLACK COTTON HOSE, spliced
knees, double heels, soles and toes, ex-
tra good value for 25c, will be closed out
at 3 pair for 50c.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
63 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED
FRENCH COTTON HOSE, ingrain
dye, double heels a*".d toes, warranted
fast black, sizes 5 to 8% inches, regular
price 50c, will be closed out at 25c a
pair, all sizes.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
57 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON-HOSE, high-spliced heels, double
soles and toes, Herrnsdorf black, regu-
price $4 20 a dozen, will be closed out
out at 25c a pair. 7-\ T
At 33ji Cents a Pair.
59 dozen LADIES' BLACK EGYPTIAN
COTTON HOSE, made with unbleach-
ed feet, high-spliced heels and toes,
Hejmsdorf black, regular price 50c,
will be closed out at three pairs for $1.
At 50 Cents Each.
15 dozen LADIES' NATURAL GRAY
JERSEY RIBBED UNION SUITS,
merino finish, high neck, long sleeves,
non-shrinkabie, regular price 90c, will
be closed out at 50c each. T 'T\.
At 50 Cents Each.
17 dozen LADIES' SWISS RIBBED SILK
VEST-, high neck, long sleeves, sky
and cream color, small sizes, regular
price $1 50, will be closed out at 'soc
each.
CORSETS !_ CORSETS!
At 75 Cents. 7 ,77.' 7.
37 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN
CORSETS, two side • steels, double
busk, long waist and high bust, perfect
fit, always sold for $1. will |be closed I
out at 75c. each; also drab color. 7/4
mi/ Murphy Building, /
Market an. Jones Sirats. ■
Everybody is on to it '*•
The largest piece ol
Good tobacco
ever sold for 10 cents
fftne. TRIAL gETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants;
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants . 50c
B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts ; ' 50c '■ Anv
C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c "*
D— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds .....50c 3 Sets
E— s Grand large-flowered Oeraniunis, 5 kinds_soc vo ~
v G-10 Elegant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds.„...soc *«
K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, *J> I **="?
. 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
1 Solauta, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, I Hydran- 5 Sets
I Wain -K Dlontc ___.*_ 3 plants' New CalYf'.*' Violet, -.^s*^^
2 VlOlfit rlulilS, bUC. 3 **• -* li,ot " 3 Sawnley . S2;__9
' ww -*' * white, 3 Marie Louise. *
-^PfiH "fnr ft fit* Illustrated * Catalogue. It contains a
■ -~>-wi_v. IUI UUI complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vege-
tabieseeds. OX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco
■**■* 411, 413 Sensome Street
GLOVES !_ GLOVES! ;
At 45 Cents.
2000 pairs 5-HOOK UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in mode, tan and slate
shades, regular value $1, will be closed
outat4sc a pair.
At 55 Cents.
1500 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, in
mode and slate shades, regular value
$1, will be closed out at 55c a pair.
/y:y .
At 65 Cents.
1200 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOU9-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in fan and mode shades,
also black, regular value $1 25, will be
closed out at 65c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
1000 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, colors
and black, regular value $1 25, will be
closed out at 75c a pair.
At 90 Cents.
900 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large
buttons to match gloves), all shades
and black, regular value $1 CO, will be
closed out at 90c a pair. ,
At $1.00.
900 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in colors and black, regular
value $1 50, will be closed out at $1 a
pair.
At $1.25.
900 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS-
QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID
GLOVES, in tan colors and black, reg-
ular value $2, will be closed out at $1 25
**;:a pair.
LADIES'JAISTS!
„. At 50 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy striped
and figured percale, laundriel collar
and cuffs, will be offered at 50c each.
At $1.00.
LADIES' DIMITY AND LAWN WAISTS,
made in the latest style, extra full
sleeves, laundried collar and cuffs, reg-
ular price $1 50, 'will be offered at $1
each.
CHILDREN'S CAPS !
At 25 Cents.
CHILDREN'S CAPS, made of fine lawn,
full ruche, wide lawn strings, will be
offered at- 25c each. - '",'
UriJf Wlurphy Building, /
Market an. Joaes Streets. '
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caw—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock. -
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin .tree:, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
Until 9 O'clock
2518 Mission street. open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
B£g| CHURCH NOTICES.
(Jl^S^ KIK-l IMTAKIAN CH I" R< 1 1 . 5' K-
if-2^ per Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
Stebbins, D.D., minister: William ('. F'liot Jr.,
associate, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Sunday-school at 9:15a.m. services at 11 a.m.
and 7:30 P. m Bible-class, led by Rev. Samuel
EBocombe, at 9:45 a.m. Subject of evening ser-
mon, "Literature and Life." All are cordially
invited.
fjSg* SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. C.OR-
WiA£r' ,„.,- of Twentieth and Capp sts.— A. J.
Wells, minister. Mr. Wells will preach at 11 a.m.
He will lecture at 7:45 p.m. on "American Citizen-
ship apd What it Means." At 6:45 p. M. "Bible
Legends and History" will be the subject of
class study. Sunday-school at 9 '45. All seats are
free. Pastor's residence. 20 Liberty st.
H_^= CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
BiZ& corner of Powell and Geary sis.— Rev.
John Hemphill, D.D., pastor, will preach at 11
a. k. and 7:30 p. m. Evening topic, "Strong Men
the Need of Our City , a sermon for young men.
Morning music: "Te Deum" (Trench - offertory,
bas.> solo, "Who Treads the Path of Duty" (by W.
C Cambeli). Evening music: "Jubilate Deo"
(Schilling); offertory. "Hark, Hark, My Soul" (by
Shelley). Allure cordially invited.
Ct_^*= FIRST -• ', MBER] IND " PRESBYTIA
»-*_ rian Church, 1358 Market Rev. J. I'.
Dickson, pastor. Services at 11 a.m. and 7:45
p. m. Subjects: Morning, "Christ Surprised";
evening, "Wives and Women." Sunday-school
and Bible-Class at 12:30. Young People's Society
«t 6:30. Seats free. All made welcome.
JES" FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIEN-
tF-sy Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post St., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, international Series. Subject: "Christ
Jesus Healing the Sick and Raising the Dead."
All are welcome.
-JSS"*' TRINITY CHURCH, Coll. BUSH AND
Bb-jy Gough sts.— Rev. George Edward Walk,
rector. Sunday-school at 8:80 a. m. Morning
prayer and sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer and sermon at 7:30. Holy com-
munion on the first and third Sundays of the
month, and on holy days at 11 a. m." All wel-
come.
jjFTsF" THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
CSj? Fifteenth st.. near Mission- Rev. William
Rader. pastor. Services a; 11 a. m.; subject,
••'.ni and the Sinner." Patriotic praise service at
7:30 p. m.: address by the pastor on the character
of Washington, special music by chorus choir
under direction of William C. Sladtfeld: "Jubi-
late" (Buck); "The Lord Is My Shepherd" (Mac-
forren): "O, Thou Whose Power" (P.ossinil:
■•Vesper Hymn" Tßeiddeg&r); -spirit Immortal"
(Attila : "Fear Not, 'Tis I," man- quartet; alto
solo. Miss Grace Carroll. All are cordially invited.
Gt^S*- WEST SIDE CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
c "^s Bush street, between Devisadero and Scott.
Preaching morning and evening by the pastor,
Bev. W. a: Gardner. Topics: 11 a. m.. "Praying
for Others"; Sp. m.. "Great Salvation." Sunday-
school at 10 a. m.. Miss Nettie I -. Gardner, superin-
tendent. Junior Christian Endeavor 4:30 p. it,
Miss .May Hathaway superintendent. V. P. S. c.
F". street meeting, 6:10 to 6:30 p. m.; regular meet-
ing. 6:1-10 p. m. Open church entertainment Friday,
8 r. v.. a lecture, "The Wedding— lts Ante-
cedents and Consequents." Admittance free.
KS-fiCIRST ENGLISH LUTHERAN
m*& Church, on Geary st., nr. Gough— Rev. 'scar
H. Graver, pastor, Services Sunday at 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m.i Sunday-school at 9:45 A. M. ;
prayer-meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p.m. Subject
of morning sermon. "Christ's Temptation." Allure
welcome. Seats free.
KS= FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH. EDDY ST..
l*-*7 near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. February 23, 1896. Pretchmg
by the pas'or at 11 a.m.; subject, ''The Father
Found" the Y. P. s. c. E. win have charge of the
service, and the Knickerbocker Male Quartet will .
sing "Lead, Kindly Light"): and at 7:30 p.m. ■
day-school at 12:30 p. m. V. P. S. of C.
E. at 6:30 p. U. Young Men's meeting Tuesday
evening at 8 o'clock. Prayer meeting Wednes-
day at 7:45 p. m. Christian culture class each
F'riday at Bp. m. All these services are open to j
the public, strangers are welcome.
Ct^S= CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LAT-
I*-"-!? ter-day Saints at 909 Market - . Services
at 2 and 7:4s o'clock p. m. William Langton speaks
hi -J p. .v.. an i will give his seventeen years' ex-
perience as a Mormon. Bishop A. Hatch, twenty-
eight years president of one of "the Stakes, will !
speak in the evening on "The Life and Mission of (
Joseph Smith."
R_^S= CHURCH OF THE HOLY SPIRIT (EV. I
s*~s>' Lutheran)— Rev. O. *.'. Miller, pastor: Frank ;
Un Hall, Fillmore st., lie;. Bush and Sutter. Services i
II a. m. and 7 :-.-> P. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. xi. '
Prayer meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p. m. Sermon
this morning for the beginning of Lent. This even-
ing a new and res:;-!.' service for children, con-
sisting of five-minute sermons by the pastor, with"
illustrations. All welcome.
WES* CHUBCH OF "THE ADVENT T kpisco-
l*-»' pal). Eleventh St., near- Market— Rev. J. a.
Emery, rector. Morning prayer at 11 o'clock.
Sermon by the Right Rev. P. T. Row., a.m.,
recently elected as the first Bishop of Alaska.
Evensong at 7:45. Everybody cordially invited.
IKS 3 THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY — FREE
l*-*'' public lecture every Sunday evening at 320
Poal st., 7:4."» o'clock. To-night: "Adepts and
heir Pupils." by Mr. A. J. Johnson.
SUNDAY* IE INGS.
Ef__-S*'DR. ii'i'.i'.iNs i.l. t'i>7n"i?iht
Li-JS* on "Why the Masses Hate Spiritualism' :
convincing tests by Airs. liovei and Mrs. Wrenn;
the sick healed, mediums developed and written
questions answered by spirit power; piano recitals
by Professor F. Ollert : magnetized paperand cir-
cle tickets free. Washington Hall, 35", 2 Eddy st.,
BP. M. Admission free.
]£_--§=• AT 97 MA B ET~ST., FIRST PRO-
'*>-*' gressive Spiritual Church— ll a. m., "Devel-
oping Circle": 2 p. M.. -Social Test Circle"; 7:30
p. m.. tests: Mrs. Meyers. Dunham, Favre, Tobias
and others. Good music. N. Resignation of
Dr. Geo. L. Wood accepted and his certificate of
ordination revoked.
■rTg- CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIETY—
»-*■" Mr. J. J. Morse will lecture at National Hall.
Ellis St., bet.. Polk si. and Van Ness ave., this even-
ing, at 7:45. Subject, "The Evolution of a Soul-
Its Triumph," being thejlast of a series of four lec-
tures, -"eats reserved for members. Admission
lr. e.
jjp"*"*X~-* LIBERALS AND FREETHINKERS—
»--="' Dr. _ ork. the noted orator, speaks at Scot-
tish Hall, 105 Larkin st., this evening, at 8 sharp,
on "Methods of Catholic Logic Under the Cathode
Ray 01 Reason." A special invitation to priests
and preachers.
S7S= -THE SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE
»-*»* Spiritualists will meet in Golden Gate Hall
on Sutter st., bet. Mason and Taylor, on Sunday
evening, February 23. at 7 :30 o'clock, Speaker,
J.Clegg Wright; subject, "Inspiration and the De-
cay .1 Faith." Music by .the Misses Lillian and
Emily Coleman. Admission free.
_yg* REV. MAUD LORD ""DRAKE WILL
■>»*' lecture at Loring Hall, cor. Eleventh and'
Cay sta., Oakland, TO-DAY at 2:30 p. m. Subject,
"The New Ethics of spiritualism.'' At 7:30 p.m.
Rev. Mrs. Drew will occupy the rostrum. Admis-
sion 10c.
IJ-^l**"* GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
»-*■' ropolitan Temple, SUNDAY, February 23,
3P. m. Address by ('. T. Bruce of the Los
Angeles Tocsin; subject, "Our Country and Our
Duty." - ,
St-ig** LP. PINES' SPIRITUAL MEETINGS,
I*-^ 709 Market St.. 2 and 8 P. li. Circle and
platform tests, Mrs. Bird-Henderson. Office, 1236
Market: circles Tuesday, B p. m.; 25c.
R^g=» MBS. SHRINER AND SEUL; GRAND
■*"*5 spiritual meeting to-night; inspirational lec-
ture and tests; written questions answered. Come
111 Larkin st.; lOc.
j-£SS-» AT IV.',. STAR MEDIUMS' TEST
C*^ meeting to-night, Dr. Muehlenbroech, Pro-
fessorClark. Mrs. Drew, Mrs. Cornelius. 110 Haves
St. : music; 10c.
*r73J-> W. J . ( '( I LLE LECTURES IN HAM-
m-*r ilton Hall, Thirteenth and Jefferson sts.,
Oakland, Sunday. 3 p. ___, "What in Spirit Life Is
the Work of Washington, Lincoln, Garfield and
Others to Help Humanity?"
j?CS=- MME. MONTAGUE WILL LECTURE
*"^ and answer questions before the 1 svebjcal
Society or Oakland, at J"ratc-rnai Hall. Washing-
ton at . at 8 P. .v.. mediums' meeting at 3 o'clock.
aro REFORMERS' LEAGUE MEETS
rp., eve ,n* Sunday night at 7:45 in the Alcazar
building. 118 O'Farrell st.: subject, "Why Do Peo-
T' : '* Believe ?"-by Inspiration.
B^S-"- MRS. BOGEBT AITKEN, CLAIRVOY- !
*>pf* ant, gives a test seance THIS (SUNDAY)
T.\ ING, 715 Post St.: 25c; sittings daily.
*r^s- MRS. KIPS, "MEDIt M-( 111. TCES"-
**^* day and Friday evenings; Thursday, 2 p. m.
readings daily. 103 Grove al.
jP'-jS-*' AT FORESTERS' HALL, 20 EDDY ST.",
i*^" to-night. Mrs. Robinson, test meoium, and
others; 10c.
gE^*- MRS. FULTON. MATERIALIZING
.*-&- seance to-night; sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
GKg= TO-NIGHT.- KATIE '""heussm ANN'S
I*-*"" test meeting. 793Stevenson.off »th ; lOc; $1.
G_s^ ( . ■/.MILLER, i.T iii.P.EALI/.1N.; AND
B*-^ materi»lta-ing si 8 p. m.. 535 Post; 50c.
KB» v TESST CIK( TO-NIGHT, IOC
EF^y Vol. Nt;, McAllister st.: lar_e orchestra.
__^_^ IC,i <>K yil -l-'lsi*iis.
K3P FIDELITY,. LODGE S iaft l".~~»
&**>' and A. M.— Funeral notice, Officers __
and memb ra are requested to assemble at'^2P
Masonic Temple at 8:30 a.m., SUNDAY, /^^N
the 9B4 Inst., for the purpose of conducting the
funeral services of our late Brother, P. m. MEH-
DEL F*SBKR('; thence to residence of the de-
ceased, sw. corner Buchanan st. and Pacilic ave
and to cemetery from Third and 'i'ownseud sts., by
11 a. U. train. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary. *
tfp_^ CROCKETT LODGE- NO. 139, F. «j~
at*& and A. M.— Officers and members are^M^
requested to attend the funerai of our late«fjf
Brother, JAMES SIMPSON, on SUNDAY, np\
2nd Inst., at 1 p. m., from B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy st
By orderof the W. M.
" L. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
■pap COURT DIANA 0 IM) E N D-<aa m _a'
mX<*Y ent Order of Foresters meets in 7^-9 ■
Myrtle Hall, Alcazar building, every Thurs- VI
day. . FRED MILLER, C. P.. _C-\
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
BP_TS= AN ADJOURNED JlEETlNGfe^S**}*
Lt-Jy of the St. Patrick's day convention 'Cv.'ff
will be held THIS AFTERNOON at 2 W}M
o'clock at K. R. B. Hall, SE. cor. OFanell CCl___i''
and Mason sis. All societies which have sP^Ci
not as yei sent delegates are requested to do so.
THOMAS R. Ban MERMAN, President.
Pktsk .1. McCobmick, Secretary.
tt^S=* A SPECIAL MEETING OF THE MEM-
tt-jfi' oers of the Builders' Exchange will be held
on MONDAY. February 24. 1596, nt I o'clock p.m.
nt 40 New Montgomery St., San Francisco, for the
purpose i". considering:
first— Nominations of candidates for board of
directors.
Second— Report of commute, on by-laws. : "*. -
Third— Consideration of change of entrance from |
New MontKomery-Bt. side to Mission-st. side. By
orderof the board. OSCAR LEWIS, President.
,L\>. A. \V*jlsox, secretary.
kSTTxXUAL MEEMING— REGULAR
I ybP&x annual meeting ot stockholders of tho West-
ern Beet Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the comnany, 327 Market street, San Francisco,
CaL, on MONDAY, the 2d day of Mardh, 1896, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. xi., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Saturday, February
29, 1896, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
special notices.
[^^P^otoce^owing^o^tkeC^revaS
'Ab~-& ence of scarlet fever in many parts of the
city the friends of the children in the San Fran-
cisco Protestant Orphan Asylum will not be allowed
to visit them as customary on friends' day, Friday,
Feb. 28, for fear of bringing the contagion. Good
health prevails at the institution now and the desire
is to maintain it. By order of.the Fresldent.
KS* MISS GRACE LESLIE WOULD LIKE A
A-& position as an artist's model. 215 Post St.,
room 8. . yp.Z'i :
IKSS" MANICURE— MLLE. LOUISE ROLLIN,
86-*-, from Paris, and F'RIDA SCHONSIGEL,
from Berlin. 212 Ellis st.
jjEiF PROF. KNOTT MAGNETIC HEALER
ib*^ and life-reader. 1077 Market st.
*ir X S=' MM 1 TTTI EKANDA, 17 GRANT AVE.,
ar<^ parlor 1; vapor and electric baths.
E_S= BIG OUTDOOR STEREO PTICON SHOW
ts-C' ever;.- night cor. Market ana Sixth sts. ; artis-
tic advertisements in living light: promoters of
business. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market.
jjt_# BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
Lb**' Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy si., room 6, Tel. 6580.
BC'Sp WINDOWS cleaned and floors
2E--^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. Rossi <_: CO.. 242 Sutter.
g__^S=> MBS. SETA, CHIROPODIST; ELECTRO
Ut^sy treatment. Office 11, Mfc Kearny st.
■t^» EVA GOLDSTEIN— LESSONS UN
dFv©' the autoharp. Parlor 2, 120.\ Eddy st.
&*fc_sp MME. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
'^rr*-£* Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 110 lay lor.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
T ADIES CAN FIND FIRST-CLASS HELP OF
xJ all nationalities, city or country, by calling, ad-
dressing or telephoning MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st. ; telephone main 5520.
I ERIOB GERMAN COOK DESIRES SlTU-
ation; 3 years last place: citv or country.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutterst.; tel." main 5520. "
AT MURRAY & READY'S EMPLOYMENT
xx. offices, 634-636 Clay St., 150 competent girls
and women awaiting situations, city and country.
send us your orders and we will send vou good
help, Phone Mam 5848.
T ADIES, HAVE A NUMBER OF GOOD, RE-
XJ liable girls on hand; ranch cooks, hotel and
private cooks, chambermaids and waitresses: eitv
or country. Send your orders to M ME. LEOPOLD
20 Stockton st. '
DRESSMAKER, ACCUSTOMED TO BEST
work, wishes a few select customers by the day;
terms moderate: perfect tit ana Parisian style's.
Address '-The Ivanhoe," 1002 Polk st.
AN ACCURATE AND EXPERIENCED
! Px. stenographer, typewriter and bookkeeper de-
sires position; owns machine; first-class reference-
; moderate salary. Address MISS K., box So'.
! Call Office. '
*\ J ' 'THE It AND DAUGHTER WISH POSI-
->i- tion; mother as cook, daughter to assist: city
• or country. Call or address 887 F'olsom st., cor -ith.
EXPERIENCED NURSE WISHES SITUA-
t ion; is capable of taking charge of infant or sick
person; is willing t» assist with general housework
or sewing: cest of citv reference. Address W. s.,
box 31. CaU Office.
tt ' ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, A
I '» place by the day or month as rirst-class laun-
.' dress: no objection to short distance in country.
j all 2 day?. 8 Minna St., in the rear.
RESPECTABLE GIRL , WISHES ' ROOM AND
board in exchange for services: place where
i she can be away from 9 to 4: only respectable per-
! sons need answer. Address G. W., box 106, Call.
DRESSMAKER-FIRST-CLASS CUTTER AND
litter wishes daily engagements at $1 a day
work guaranteed. Address D. M., box 37. (all.
j) ! BPECT ABLE YOUNG GIRL, GOOD COOK,
X\j wishes situation to do light housework in pri-
vate family: country preferred. Please call 55
Second st.
ERMAN LADY TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work or as housekeeper or nurse: wages $10 to
$12 a month. Call 111 Twenty-sixth, nr. Mission.
TTOUNG LADY STENOGRAPHER WISHES
X position; good references. Please address M.
E., box 67, Call Office.
OTRONG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
O day washing or cleaning; wages $1. Address
M., box 10. Call office.
EXPERIENCED AND PRACTICAL STENOG~
J^ rapher wishes permanent position, or will do
piecework at prices to suit patrons; translations
from F'rench and Spanish, or vice versa. Address
CAK.IEL, box 108, Call office.
"V" OUNG WOMAN AVISHES POSITION IN
X private family to do housework. Address 9 Page.
Y RESPECTABLE PROTESTANT GIRL, TO
do second work: across the bav preferred. Ap-
ply by letter, A., 527 Hayes St., city.
EXPERIENCED - DESIGNER AND DRESS-
maker desires work by the day in families or
at home; exquisite fitting. Modes, box 85, Call
Office.
"VTEAT GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN GER.
j-> man family to do upstairs work. Call for 3
days at 1140 Stevenson St., near Ridley.
L* I RST -CLASS COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
-T boarding house or hotel; lirst-class city refer-
ences. I Aadress 81 Natoma st., room 16.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
V^ the;day; washing, housecleaning or moving.
Address 654 Jessie st.l (rear;, bet. Seventh and
Eighth. .-■;-.
ANTED-PLACE IN THE CITY OR COUN-
xi try to do housework. Call, for two days, 121
Fulton st. *.
G-OOD COOK AND BAKER WANTS WORK
"J in private family or boarding-house. Call, two
days, 442 Minna st.
E" XP..RIENCED DRESSMAKER WANTS EN-
gagements by day in families; terms, $1 75 a
day. Address 13 Oak st.
GERM A WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
I .VJT day washing, ironing or housecleaning or cham-
berwork in lodging-house. Call or address 612
Minna st.
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY 'THE DAY;
*" washing, cleaning house or moving. Address
24 Verona st., oft' Third, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
r>IBBT-CLAEB COOK AND LAUNDRESS
x (Swedish) wishes a situation; city or country,
all for 3 days at 123 Fifth st. . v :
lI. LING WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
xi day; washing or housecleaning; $1 a day and
carfare. 717 Howard st. A-p:z
ERMAN WOMAN ANTS WASH
ironing and housecleaning by the day. Call 116
Shipley st., rear, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
/"■OMPETF.NT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
I V_'day: good laundress; understands houseciean-
i ing. 23 Willow ave., off Mission, near Eighteenth. ]
T ADY WANTS* SEWING BY THE DAY, OR
XJ would take work home. 275.! Sixteenth st.
I A/" OUNG COLORED WOMAN WANTS CHAM-
X berwork or housework; no washing; good,
I plain cook. Room 11, 118 Howard st.
Kl SPECT ABLE GIRL WISHES TO DO GEN-
LL eral housework in private family. Please call
I 2432 *.0 Bush st. - . .
■fx ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
xl day; experienced; washing, ironing, house-
, cleaning; reference. 211 ii, Sixth st.
WANTED— BY NEAT WOMAN, LIVING AT
: * i home, any kind of light work by the day, week
I or month: can mend and make for children. Ap-
j ply 2 days, 2133 Bush st., cor. Fillmore. ■
; U" IDOW, 38 YEARS OLD, UNINCUMBERED,
xx wishes position as housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Address 11. K., box 71, Call Office. .
} .''ASTERN LADY, GENTS' AND LADIES'
■J plain sewing. 28 ! 2 six St., room 8.
\ 1 "IDDLE-Ai , ED RELIABLE WOMAN (GER-
Jxx man) wishes a place to do housework: city or
country. Address Prescott House, cor. Kearny
and Pacific sts. ' - ■-.■-..
ESFECTABLE SWEDISH LADY WANTS
X_i position as housekeeper ior elderlv gentleman
or widow. Address MISS ANDERSON, 1926 Mar-
ket St., room 35.
1 DUCATED GERMAN NURSERY GO VER-
J ness desires position; is wiliing to teach, do
sewing and make herself generally useful. Address
i *.*. ".. box 40, this office.
~\F OUNtJ MARRIED WOMAN WISHES PLACri
J- in respectable family; would like- to care for
child 20 months old. Address : M., box 25, Call
office. Oakland. ;-> ■. . .*. *».  ■ -.'
T> KIT NED YOUNO WIDOW wishes situa-
X_, tion as housekeeper. 1020 Market st., r. la,
opposite Filth.
RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
wants situation; smart and healthy; ' good
housekeeper, or lake care of sick; Is a good mother
to motherless children. Call j 241 Fifteenth st.,
near Mission. ' ■ . '.
VOI KO .GERMAN-' WOMAN-WISHES WORK
X by the. day, washing or housecleaning; $1 60 a
day. Address 67 Clementina st., rear. ".. - :
ArOUNG BOW WISHES POSITION AS
J housekeeper. 2*.-.*. Sixth st., room 11. 1 .
"17O0NG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper; excellent cook.' 1148 Suiter St..
room 24. • .y-y
]>ESI'ECTABLE MIDDLE - AGED LADY,
XX. with daughter, wishes position us housekeeper:
references if required. Call or address 4*/* Verba
Buena, bet. Taylor and Mason, oil Clay. " '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBBUAKY 23, * 1896.
FTTUATIONS WAN TEP— Contlnned.
GIRL WISHES TO GO OUT BY TI! DAY TO
do dressmaking and plain sewing. Send postal
to 935*/2 Howard st., room 5.
"V" u! NG WOMAN WITH " TRADE WOULD
X like housework few hours daily, morning and
evening, for her board and $1 50 a week. Address
434 1 _ Hayes St. . '
pO MBET E N T FIRS T DRESSMAKER
Xj wants to take full charge of dressmaking estab-
lishment in country town; highest references.
Call or address C. li., 1336 Valencia st. .:
ENTLEM EN'S MENDING NEATLY DONE
at room 22, 105 Stockton st.
A N AMERICAN WIDOW DESIRES A POSf-
JzV tion as housekeeper or companion. Widow,
bo.< 20, Call office, Oakland. -4:'^
YOUNG WOMEN F'ROM THE COUNTRY
J- would like any kind of sewing or mending.
1169 Mission st., nr. Eighth, room 15. second floor.
EFINED YOUNG WOMAN WISHES PO-
sition as housekeeper. 203 Powell st., room 5.
~~\ JIiTRICAN WORKING - ___oT*SEIfEEPER
_._. wants situation. Call or address 9 Mastick
terrace, Alameda. -AAJyZ}: ■* :,-. ■■;/ * : $ r
IADY WISHES A POSITION AS lUOUSE-
J keeper. 215a Post st., room 15.
T7"IS-ITNG : GOVERNESS, AN EX PERL
i enced teacher holding Eastern certificates, de-
sires pupils in history, literature and piano. V. G.,
box 104, Call.
AT* OUNG SPANISH LADY WISHES HOUSE-
X keeper's position. Room 15. 120*/ Geary st.
TIT INCHESTER - HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
ix Market; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS "WANTED -MALL.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPTTCuEs7?O(HCSrALL
.branches: short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant 46.
UNTER A CO., CHINESE AN JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: teL 23L
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRC?
vides best help. 314b Sutter st.: tel. Grant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ office; best help. 414"-/ 3 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MA (19)
O to work as porter or taking care of In rses; can
give good references. Address 8., box 91, Call.
A A NTED- POSITION AS MANAGER OF
1 " fruit or stock ranch; understands shipping
and drying thoroughly ; irrigation a speciait v : can
handle slock on ranch and range; best of refer-
ence given and required. Address F. U., box 24,
Call Office.
\\T ANTED— BY AMERICAN MAN AND
xx wife, work. M. W., box 20, Call.
/ • ARDENER DESIRES SITUATION; THOR-
I VT oughly understands hothouse plants, flowers
1 and vegetables; can drive, should it be required
very good references. Address Gardener, box 7,
this office. .-,-,'»"- fr.-:
A LLTiiOUND AD. AND JOB MAN WANTS
uzx. position; city preferred; soberand industrious;
has *'amily; best references given. Address Job,
box 64, Call.
CITI * A 1( > N WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
O as porter In wholesale house or saloon or any
other kind of work; references. A. HELLSTBOM,
209 Seventh st.
ITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
O man as janitor or night-watchman: can handle
mechanics' tools; best references. Address G. W.,
box 92. Call Office.
STEADY, RELIABLE Y'OUNG MAN: WORK
kj in city or country understands care of horses;
$15 per month and board. Address Steady, box
OS. Call.
OOK— FIRST-CLASS COOK; STEADY MAN*";
Vy fine meal or pastry cook for hotel, restaurant
or boarding-house; city or country. Address Cook,
box 95. Call. ::■..:-
QITU ATION WANTED AS BOOKKEEPER.
O salesman or collector; long general business
experience in this city; salary moderate; refer-
ence. if required. Address H. E.. box 149, Call.
SITUATION~W ANTED-BY A SHIRT-CUT-
O ter 8 years' city experience; best of references.
Address E.. box 61, Call Office.
GARDENER — MIDDLE - AGED GERMAN
VJT wishes situation; thoroughly understands
greenhouse and care of private place. Address
Gardener, box 68, Call.
POSITION AS COLLECTOR OR SALESMAN
Aon agricultural implements, etc.; first class.
Address A., box 79, Call Office.
BV FIRST AND SECOND COOK FOR HOTEL
or chophouse. C. li., box 56, Call Office.
WORK OF ANY KIND; ELECTRICIAN BY
»» trade. Address E. 8., box 93, Call Office.
\~ OUNG MAN OF 21, "OF GOOD - ADDRESS,
X desires a position; is experienced, having just;
left position of 8 years' continuous service; refer-
ence. A. DUNNIGAN. 731 Twenty-first st.
OTEADY PLACE IN* THE COUNTRY WANT-
k_> ed; salary no object; a good home the main
thing. Address T. 8., box 17, this office. .
C .OMPOSITOR wants POSITION oncoun-
V^ try paper: can report or solicit; experienced;
good references. Address Rustler, box 65, Call.
WANTED — SITUATION AS WATCHMAN
' x or porter in wholesale grocery by a sober man ;
writes a good hand, quick at figures and marks
well. Address T. 8., box 102, this office.
p ARDENER, GENERALLY USEFUL, UN-
V.T derstands care of horses, can milk; city
references; moderate wages. Address P. M., 62*4
Twelfth st., Oakland.
IJAKER, FOREMAN, WANTS WORK AS
such; city or country: reliable man; refer-
ences. Address Baker, 309 Third st., Oakland.
MAN AND WIFE WANT SITUATION;
man understands gardening and stock; woman
thorough housekeeper; would take charge of room-
ing house. S. E.. box 70, Call Oflice, Oakland.
OITUATION WANTED — SURVEYOR AND !
0 civil engineer: 6 years' experience with one of
the largest constructing firms in the United States; I
bridges, trestles and concrete forms a specialty.
Address Engineer, box 69, Call Office.
STRICTLY FIRST-CLASS BARBER, WHO I
has been employed in the best shops in the city, I
is desirous of place to work evenings, Saturday ;
and Sunday. Address A No. 1, box 65, Call Office. !
A DVFTRTISr.'R. holding highest cre-
•M- dentials, offers $50 to any one procuring him
permanent employment as bookkeeper ln repu-
table establishment. Alpha, box 67, Call.
TRICTLY SOBER - AND RELIABLE MID-
. die-aged man wants to work around a private
place: would work for small wages for a home;
city or short distance in co.ntrv. Address E. C,
box 75. this office.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
S^ TecondgfrlTlsTnt^
O nurse, 1 child, $15; 2 second girls, $20 and $25;
nurse, $20; 12 young girls, $20 and $•_'."> ; 10 young
girls,, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutterst.. ■.:,:,;. -"
"Y" OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK-
J- family of 2. 829 Guerrero; 10 to 12 Monday.
RENCH NURSE, CHILD 3, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN*. 323 Sutter st.
TRISH OR GERMAN COOK, PLAIN COUNTRY
i- hotel, $20: waitress, small hotel near city, $15;
mother and daughter, small hotel, $25; girls and
women for good situations. Call on MURRAY A
READY. 634 Clay st. '
WANTED-AN EDUCATED LADY WELL I
IT acquainted in the city and surrounding coun-
try, who can devote her entire time to a money l
making proposition. CHARLES SCRIBNER'S j
SONS, rooms 32-33, 511 California st.
OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN housework
and mind baby: reference. 536 Page st.
A NTED— PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
school; class or private: course thorough: sat-.
isfaction guarant'd : reasonable. 410 Leavenworth.
IRL~TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK AND
__ baby; wages $10. 1817 McAllister st.
GIRL FOR COOKING AND HOUSEWORK:
no washing. Call 807 Franklin st., between 3
and 5 p. m.
WANTED APPRENTICES DRESS-
»I making. 532% Kills st.
RESSMAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterus, 25c un; families supplied with
dressmakers. McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.
Gl URL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
I sleep home; wages $5. 1006b Golden Gate are.
\- OU GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR
-I- general housework. 696 Baker st.
ANTED— PARTY, LADY OR GENT. TO
f i act as treasurer of a show; fully equipped;
ready to take the road; small capital as security
required. A. P., box 126, Call.
0 TAILORESSE-' WANTED — FIRST-CLASS
u^ buttonhole-makers and finishers on coats. 504
Sutter St. -
LDERLY WOMAN OR YOUNG GIRL TO
-I assist. Call 32 Berkeley ave., city.
(X ERMAN GIRL FOR ('ENERAL HOUSE-
\J work. 604 McAllister. 10 to 4.
a pi , iuTni'icesT"t(.) LEAKS DRESS CUT-
-cx. ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
f" Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: "ro e bus to and from the ferry.
riIHOROUGH COURSE IN MILLINERY
X taught; will prepare pupils to take positions this
spring. * -MISS ALICE HAAKE, 121 Post, rm. 46.
HA I R Dlt I 25c AND 35c: MORNING
aud eve classes; 10 lessons,?! 60. 1248 Mission.
7" AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
XJ cutting school. 1231 Market st., bet. Bth and 9th.
MOST' CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
±xx Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus to and from the ferry.
; MALE HELP WA.- TED.
BARBER, $45 BOARD; 2 TIMBER-
Hers, $40 and board; 2 log-cutters iqr the
woods, $40 and board. - C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st. .. .
TTLAC i m7*TH FOR A RAILROAD CAMP, $35
JL» and found. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary.
Ili COLORED EXTRA WAITERS FOR A
1 XJ country hotel; free fare both ways. Call Mon-
day at 7 a. M. ready to start. C.R.HANSEN J.
CO., 110 Geary st,
MAN AND WIFE FOR A PRIVATE PLACE
(country), wife to cook, $40 and found; veg-
etable gardener (country), $25 and found. C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary St.- yr •"'..
9 WAITERS FOR SPRINGS, $25; ELEVATOR
i — boy with . good - references, - hotel, $15. C. R.
. HANSEN .J. CO., 110 Geary su .;."," 
HELP i WANTED-Contlnued. ,-
' WANTED— BLACKSMITH'S :• HELPER;
" large ranch, steady place, * $25 • per month
and hoard; also termers, milkers, cooks,' waiters
1 dishwashers; middle-aged man to milk and do
chores on a ranch, $10 and increase, and others,
1 "• D. EWER A CO.. 626 Clay st. ;*.*■ '
. AV* ANTED — COLLECTOR FOR A DAIRY
''ranch; wheelwright for a countrv shoo: sec-
" n ° cook, $35, room, etc.; blacksmith helper.
MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market, st.
Wanted —applicants for railway
' » mail clerk and other civil service positions, ex-
aminations for which cur soon in San Francisco,
to write for dates' and valuable information (free).
xf. 8. Bureau of Information, Cincinnati, Ohio. .
WANTED— IN A PRIVATE FAMILY AN UN-
'' married man; must understand waiting on
table; must be sober and willing and come well
recommended. Address, with reference, A. A. H., !
. box 34, Cal Office. .. ■■ . :  !
\y ANTED — FIRST-CLASS SOLICITORS TO i
' handle a paving proposition. 927 Market St.,
, room 404. "---•-
Wanted. 34 fourth st. ~~~
thirst -class masseur for country
x sanitarium. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearnv
street. - *
pANDY-MAKER; YOUNG MAN WITH $200,
V' to buy half interest in business; good invest-
ment to right man. Address Candy, box 64, Call.
fx NTSAN D LADIES CAN MAKE PF:R
yX day in their vicinity: no money need*ed. J.
HOLLER, 8 Sixth st.. San Francisco. .*
WANTED-STUDENTS TN law by PRAC-
'' tic ing lawyer. Room 23, Columbian building.
OY* A TED" AT DRUGSTOTE, 2101 FTLL-
more st.
"WANTED— MAN TO JOIN ADVERTISER
"on trip with good selling specialties: must ad-
vance $50; splendid chance. Apply to-day, 809b
Mission st.
T?NERGETIC, INTELLIGENT MAN WANTED
A- 1 as partuei; must have small capital; refer-
ences required. Partner, box 84, Call Offlce.
ANTED— man with $150 CAPITAL AS
" partner in first-class retail cash business; no
liquors, no Sunday work; will clear $75 each
i month by doing own work. Address M. W., box
I 101, (all Oflice.
T NTELLIGENT CANVASSER; OUT-OF-TOWN
A expenses paid; also salesman. 79 Flood build- -
. ' ]^S-
VOUNG MAN TO WORK AROUND HOTEL;
A one that can milk a cow; wages $15. Cor. Bay
and Webster sts.
Waiter Ar Berlin restaurant. 249
" Fourth st. .
Q FRESH EGGS, MUSH AND MILK OR
*■■ soup, potatoes, bread and butter, 10c. 1148
■Market st., between Fifth and Sixth.
STUFFED WILD GOOSF_ FOR 10c AT SEAT-
tIe restaurant. 137 Fourth st.
TAEAR READERS-I HAVE ALL THE
XJ knives, forks, spoons and jewelry I can plate;
made $47 last week; plate gold, silver, nickel and
white metal; bought best outfit made of Grav A
company, dept. 7, Columbus. Ohio; are responsi-
ble; send all materials, trade secrets; teachagents;
write them and make money easy. \\"M. DEAN.
WANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO WORK
» x at home; I pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method: anyone
j who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP.
i German artist. Tyrone, Pa.
ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
I *■ ery st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
: not receive their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE union EMPLOY-
JJ ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
T) A RBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ retarv Barbers'Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS,
BA R B E RS' ASSOCIATION OF OAL. EMPLOY-
ment. Sec^y, P. C. Hamann, 238y a O'Farrell. -
ANTED—MAN WHO* CAN DO PLAIN
' J cooking as partner in restaurant, near Market
St., with $125. Address G. 8., box 79, all office.
THREE~STONE WARE-TURNERS WANTED
Xat once. U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building. -, . '
PaTTtNER IN NEW BARBER-SHOP; WILL
sell half to a good man cheap. 131 O'F'arreil st. I
BARBERS. ATTENTION— TO LET, Al SHOP; I
low- rent. 406 Cast 10 st., bet. Market and 17th, i
1""LCHO HOI si;, 86S^_ .MARKET ST.—
■- Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
SHOEMAKER'S SHOP FOR SALE—
0 custom: shop must be sold at once. 2903 Pino
St., cor. Baker. . pty-.,
L'OK SALE— WELL-ESTABLISHED • , SHOE-
X maker-shop; account other business. 1197
Market 8 > . :* "._-■.•:. ■
OEAMEN FOR EUROPE, SOUTH AMERICA,
XJ South Africa. 10 Steuart St., upstairs. »
TVTEWj AND SECOND-HAND SHOES F'ROM '
AA_2scup; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st. j
\* BW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET. I
■IA 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week -til to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
"WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
'" st. : 200 rooms; best in the city: single rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
Ij*Oß TH BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
J try 131/3 Grant ave.; coffee a specialty. •
SflA MEN TO GET A FINE STYLISH, DU-
xjxjxj rable calf shoe toorder, $2 50. 959 Howard.
QA TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
xffX large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
ROSED ALE HOUSE, 321 F.LLISST.; ROOMS
20c to 50c night; $1 10 $4 week ; open all night.
WANTED-MECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
" ers tocall if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections: no charge unless
successfuL KNOX Collection Agency, 10 Sutter st,
WANTED- LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»» to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN BOG FOOD:
is the best. ('. KERTELL, San Mateo.
W INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
11 Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; readlng-
-1 room; free bus to and from the ferry. -
"1 (if) MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
1 'xj and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. ;': ■: : *
BEST IN CIT »-— SINGLE R00Mf1,*15,,30 AND
25 cents per night; 81, fl 25, $1 50 p«r weelt
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. I
"WANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
xx steam beer. 6c; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
Al EN 1/2-SULING 50c: LADIES' 40c: DONE
-I'L while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
"L* REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
x also a bottl eof lager. sc. at 637 Clay st.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»' week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. .
TjIRY acme HOUSE,* 957 MARKET st., be-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR REPAIR-
ing shoes: call and see: half-soled In 16 min-
: utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
j machinery: all repairing at half price; work guar-
j anteed. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
I A (\f\ MEN'S SECOND-HAN DEL) SHOES.SOME
11 'I* nearly new. -J sc to $1 26. 562 Mission st.
— !
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTFD— HOUSE OF 8 TO 10 ROOMS;
''roust be sunny; vicinity, Golden Gate. Park;
new house preferred. House, box 89, Call Office.
ROOMS WANTED.
COMFORTABLE ROOM OR SMALL 'SUITE;
sunny and good location: can give references
If required. Address Merchant, box 16. this office.
AGENT WANTED. .
LBMOORE. . ;■:; .
Wanted— experienced solicitor; big pay to
the right man.
Apply Lemoore Land Company, room 12, fifth
floor, Mills building. ■
A GENTS WANTED— NEW NOVELTY. 719
-£Y Market st., first floor. 
"CURST-CLASS j SOLICITORS WANTED BY
A the California Mutual- Benefit Socletv; ladies
j and gentlemen; Bto 9:30 a.m. P. D. RAINE, I
superintendent ofagents. Murphy building. .
*11l ■-. . . ' ' ' :
Wanted— miscellaneous.
WAN ED— 6ol© TOO SHARES QE CYPRESS
»' Lawn Cemeterv stock; state lowest price
Address G. W., box "69. Call Oflice.
"W ANTED— BABY-CARRIAGE; GOOD CON-
'' dition; must be cheap. . I)., box 89, this office.
BIG HORSES; MUST WEIGH 1800 -OR
over. BURNSTINE BROS., Fifth and Bluxome.
\\r ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
".repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 12. Kearny st.. third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW"
c'rv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send, postaL
-' LOST. : ' ■ ;.. 1
T OST — smTaiTl black ve^T"po77ket
XX diary, containing Mechanics' Library member-
ship ticket and memoranda, valuable to owner, but
to no one else. Return to room 26, 106 Market St.,
and receive reward.
T MALTESE CAT; LIBERAL REWARD.
XJ Return to 118 Webster st. :: .. : .
T OST —IN ORPHEUM, *.. FRIDAY NIGHT,
-XJ black pocket book, small watch in corner; re-
ward. Return to 409 Washington st. ' -..-_ . >?.
LOST-SATURfLAY"NIGHT ON MARKET OR
J J Fifth St., by a hard-working woman, purse con-
taining earned wages;, liberal -reward. Return to
19 Hawthorne st.
UST— IN OAKLAND: BEAVER FUR CAPE.
Leave at TAFT A NOYER'S; reward. .
LOST— TERRIER - RETURN
AJ to 1146 Mission st.; liberal reward. '•#;-" ,
T OST T ENGLISH GOLD - WATCH: WITH
XJ chain, on February 19, at the Mission. Return
to 917 Twenty-third st,"and receive reward. .
"I OST— PASSBOOK WITH - THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan (Society of San Francisco, in
the name of MICHAEL DI'RKTN, No. 202,297.
The finder will please return to bank. _ . . •
T OST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
XJ not getting mv. shoes : made pto .order; bv
GEO. BRYANT for »6, 204 Turk st., near Jones.
*■ --: \ ■■ . " : y ■■■ ■"">---."...■..
• • x /^* -■ ■ - PERSONALS. ;' 7 P7:r,._
- T , A t D V' 28, WOR TII $27,000, w OUI^D^LARRY!
1 xx inclose self-addressed stamped envelope, de-
, scription and photo' to postoffice box 939, Port-
> laud, Or. ...■■-•.- -
-' WIDOW,: 40 YEARS OF AGE, WITH A
. xx home, would like to make the acquaintance
of a gentleman from 45 to 50 with means: Qb-
" iect matrimony. Address Honorable, box 75, Call.
" M A lI '} G ?« PA:PEH WITH PICTURES AND
; ~- _?P.f!__g'. 10c - P. O. box 939, Portland, Or.
. MRS. MCMASTER, 1137 MISSION ST., IS
the only one that makes most natural paper
1 squash blossoms and caila lilies.
T O"VE^DANCIN(TsCHOoL762O BUSH ST.;
: j-j daily, 1 uesday and Thursday evenings; stage
and ballroom. - -■•■■.-•
i TTAIRDTIESSING TO TAKE A WOMAN'S
• Ay .i' '' that's my kind: 1 have the best artists In
e i C i'L";?,rF, " icelBl!sc: switches 75c and $1.
; G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
, A WELL-DEVELOPED FORM IS A CHARM-
fA, Ing attribute of woman; Mammalene builds it
• up and beautifies the complexion: you will learn
more of it In book for 4 cents. P. O. box 2438,
. San Francisco, Central Pharmacy, Grant ave. and
' sutter st„ selling agents. -
53. 1 OOTT"^ OV~OR GENTLEMAN TO IN-
• .1^- LV ' -"- vest in new invention: patent to be
, taken in Europe: money secured; no risk. Ad-
• dress H. S., Call Branch, Sixteenth and Mission sts.
''. A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
. Jrx clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
, law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market st
: "p-DITH E. McLEAN, PHYSICIAN FOR THE
, AJ hair; scalp diseases a specialtv; rooms for la-
- dies; best city references. Room 45, St. Ann's
■ building. . ..'.-.;."■„■
; PANISH. FRENCH AND GERMAN ACAD-
• O emy; Castllian. Paris and Vienna professors: 3
J lessons a week : $3 mo. 1170 Market st., room 37.
TF THE GENT AND HIS - SISTER WHO
■ A came from San Lorenzo Grove Fourth of July
night with the party that was hurt will address
' 72- Powell they can greatly oblige N. P. AIKEN.
R. SETA BRUNDAGE, CHIROPODIST;
lost vitality restored. Office 11, 51/2 Kearny st.
TO THE NEW PLACER GOLD FIELDS OF
a Cooks Inlet, Alaska. For passage and freight
apply to C. D. LAPP, 9 Third st.
DA N C I N FOR BALLROOM OR STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
SPANISH. FRENCH AND GERMAN ACAD-
emy; Castilian, Paris and Vienna professors; 3
lessons week; $3 mo. 1170 Market st., room 37.
AG ARRETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres ; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
ENTIRELY* NEW HAIR RESTORER; TRY
J it and be convinced; sold only by MRS. G. L.
HELENS, 706 Ellis St.; treatment" at residence
' $10 a month; or sent by mail, $1 50 a box.
HAIR" RESTORER AND CURLER: ONE AP-
plication will convince the most skeptical of
its wonderful virtue. PROF. KNOTT, 1077
Market st., upstairs.
KE M OVA L— DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
O'Farrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
fig "I 'A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON TUB
XjPX floor. 206 Leavenworth st. -' yy
Ip REE— 2O- PAGE BOOK, "SIGHT, PERFECT
A and Defective," postpaid. L. KI.'TTNER & CO.,
Opticians, 1644 Market st„ Hotel St. Nicholas. S. F.
Mrs. dr. a. SYKES. BEAUTY DOCTOR, HAS
J-U. taken offices at. 330 Ellis st. steaming and
treating ladies' faces a specialty.
Mrs. mT~h. OBER. headquarters of
lpsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober' Corsets for stout figu-es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., san Francisco.
CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
IpGYi'TIAN HENNA: $iThTir~dye: per-
J fectly harmless; easily applied; all druggists.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., agents. S. F.
ffijT for 10 CENTS - CLOAKS, JACKETS,
•UP J. capes, sold at 10c on the dollar In the base-
ment of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant ave.
ADDRESSED TO those WHO WANT TO
' become rich— lnvest your money in Stockton
j (the future Chicago) ; I will sell vOu propertv for
1 If s per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
i HOFER, 1706 Clay st., S. F.
tnELEPRONE OYSTER COMPANY, 1443
X Polk, sells high-grade chicken tamales and oys-
ter ioaves; delivery to 12 p. m.
L'OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TOA
J STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
J- and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, R.L.Partington, Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. E. THE CELEBRATED PHY-
siclan, has removed fm 8 Mason to 1508 Market
ENRY HUFSCHMIDT, PLUMBER AND
gasfitter; gas fixtures lowest price. 623
j Golden Oate ave.; telephone Sutter 471.
SEA RCHING.LOUATING.su ADO WlNG.TRA-
cing.collectlng.G RAH AM'S agncy. 632 M rkt,r.B.
i 1 (\l\(i BUSINESS LARDS. $1 &0: TELE-
j A XJXJXJ phone "Black 141." HlLL.22Geary, r. 39
CAL'A~ ASTHMATIC PAPER;
Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant ave. and Sutterst.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL. AS NEW BARS]
kJ showcases, counters, shelvlngs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too;, be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore go, elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission st., above -ixth.
1* LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN.
J Chester House, 44 Third sL, near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to *6per
week : free bus to and from the ferrv.
LIBERAL ADVANCES ONTmAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
CLOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS AND LalhE-T
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third St.
7 i~y~- DRESSMAKERS.
THE ART of' CUTTfNG~~imEsF~^"ATSTsi
without any seams, taught at 28*/ a Sixth st.
f*oi GEARY ST.-STYLISH SILK WAISTS,
Ogl goodsf urnished. $4 50 up: latest dresses $5.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
zXnzrT^TlcTt'lt'"'^
J- palmist, 303 Mason st.; sittitiEs 50c; attend the
entertainment Golden Gate Hall, F'ebruary 25.
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies 50c. gents $I-
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st'.
STAR LIG HT" IS LOCATED AT GRANT
O ave.. parlor 5 ; oflice hours, 10 a.m. to 7p. m.
BEST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH— LADIES
and gents, 25c. 206 Fourth st. ,
.\1 ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
-I'L past, present and- future ;25c up.764 H oward st.
ME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; SURE TIPS
on races: names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
\| ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-"
±1X er by eggs and cards: tells entire life. past.
£ resent, future; consultations on all affairs- noth-
lg excepted; names given: good advice: snre
oelp: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; feesl; letter fi. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
VI ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
-t"»J the world; 50c and $1 will show you the pic-
ture of your future husband or wife. 724 Harrison.
MRS. B. BAUMAN, THE RENOWNED
medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM; THE
Ml greatest card reader and clairvoyant in the
world;- seventh daughter of seventh daughter-
Indies or gents 50c. 917 Market . parlors 8 and 4. '
SPIRIT UAL IS M.
UICKEST\~~~ ~~ ~~~~
*' QUAINTEST,
QUEEREST.
This little medium possesses these qualities
coupled with the mighty application of her mystic
power transmitted hrough many generations from
the old Egyptian civilization, where scientific and
enlightened powers beyond the ken of human
thought were not considered impossible, as at the
present time. 1
The good people of San* Francisco and vicinity
| who have been so Impos-'d upon by mountebanks
I ana charlatans will welcome her to their midst
I with acclamations of joy, even now the suffering
I and unfortunate throng her | parlors. Be you a
prince or a pauper do not fail to consult this mar-
velous little woman about all matters concerning
your future welfare. Are sou unhappy or unfor- I
tunate in your investments? Consult her and have !
the evil influences removed. If your investments '
m mining speculations , marriage | relations, racing
experiences, or personal magnetism are unsatis- 1
factory see STAR LIGHT and bucome convinced ''
< f her marvelous powers. Her parlors are open to I
all from 10 a. m. to 7 p. if. Letters with stamps
I answered. 116a Grant avenue, parlor 5.
jn YPSY MEDIUM-SITTINGS \ DAILY (SUN?
AJ days included): 25c. 946 Mission: hours 10 to 9.
V* RS. SEAL, MEDIUM; SITTINGS; TOBACCO
I JXX habit cured or no pay; obsessions cured; dis-
[ eases of women cured; his. 10 to 8. 24 6th. rm. 8.
"VI RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT"
i'l trance medium : sittings $I.* 218 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM.
"IT YPNOTISM fHr^rESMRRIsSr^TA^
AA Four (4) different methods taught In four
weeks * time. A rare chance for physicians, stu-
dents of science or those interested in it's therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved if not cured. None taught but those fur-
nishing first-class reference or recommendations
.Correspondence solicited. Address J. WIRTCUm.
j MINS. Ph. i... Oakland Call office. " A ■
' ———————
. BICYCLES.
Vy" INDSOR BICYCLE'srrsTmCT__TTHIGH
" grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
?. , i rt c 'JJ?"_J i- y PJ.iVi."-*''*-" for '*" years: . A. L. BAN?
CROFT A CO., 324 Post St., S. F. A ■ • Z™. -
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET-"
A best accommodations. ■ Terminus Gearv Mi!
Alilster and Powell st. car lines. " ■' ***" <h
SEWING; MACHINES.
fij> F. UPWARD; BENT M TO~ST7S
.WO monthly: repairing 25c; ; bought and ex-
changed ; needles for all machines. : 145 Sixth sL ;.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGED/
rented, repaired ; lowest rates, 205 Fourth st.
7^7/47 K^SINESS CHANCES.
© Q^O LADY OR GENTLEMAN PARTNER
<Jp_»OVJ'. in established manufacturing business;
take full charge of office: owner obliged to be on
road; value in stock; will clear $100 mouth each;
Investigation. PIERCE. 22 Kearny st.
BRANCH BAKERY FOR SALE — A GOOD
chance; cheap. 1745 Mission st.
IGAR-STAND, WELL-ESTABLISHPH) COR-
ner, must sell at once at a sacrifice. Call 777
Marketst. y- - ■ Z. ;,; :.,-. ■_---.
SALOON, PROMINENT CORNER, CLUB-
O rooms, fair stock of liquors, cigars, etc., doing
a good business; trial before buying: satisfactory
reasons for selling; price $700. Call bet. 12 and 1.
j C. T. MARTIN, 6 Eddy st.
■ftl ".DO MEAT MARKET F'OR SALE. AD-
■ .<*D_LUWU. dress B. 8., box 36, Call Office, Ala-
meda. v*. "'*"■'■::>".-:>-.' "'*■"•< A--.--r:y:-
-ffl» 1 O.'H ■PARTNER WANTED: ESTAB-
WJ-J-.OKI. lished 1877: clears $300 to $400 a
month; investigation solicited; if not as stated
will pay time lost Investigating. Bona Fide, box
60, Call Office.
BUTCHF:R-<HbTnFOit~sXI7TST~GOOD Busi-
ness and location. Inquire Call Office.
SLOT .MACHINES; coon OPENING; NEW
O territory; half interest cheap. .J 7 Market st-',
room 10.
UG-STORE FOR HA V8— •2600 Ca -II ; GOOD
location ; business established '', 3 unit. Address
8., box 14, Call Office.
FOR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY
store. 6O&14 Howard st.
MILK ROUTE Top. BALE; GOOD HORSE
and wagon. Apply Call Office.
IpOR ; — GOOD- PAYING EMPLOYMENT
j office; good locality. 11., box 105, ('all Office.
SMART YOUNG MAN, WITH $125. FOR
O half interest as partner in peddling; city and
country. Address 520 Polk st.
ffl»o^/VA FORToNE OF THE BEST RES-
xjpOOxJxJ. taurantsaud lunchhouses in theclty ;
fitted up in modern style; location unsurpassed;
well-established trade. Address R. A., box 105,
Call Office.
OAT! SALOON: OPPOSITE NEW CITY I
flv/U. Hall; good business, fine fixtures and ■■
stock; side entrance: must sell on account of sick- !
ness. 121 City Hall ave.
C-OkII CORNER GROCERY:- BAR; TRANS- ,
xjpOxJXJ. e r; pleasant living-rooms. Apply CalL
WELL-PAYING AND DELICACIES
Store: rent low: 4 living-rooms; sickness cause ''
of sale. Apply 41 Zl/_ Sixth st.
IOR salt:— a 5-^-can milk ROUTE. AP- '
■ ply 433 Church st., near Seventeenth.
I lOR SALE— PATENT OF QUICK-SELLING
article; sells on sight. Call at room 5, 324 Bush
St., near Kearny, bet. 12 m. and 4 p. xs.
"L-OR SALE— BAKERY, WITH HORSES AND
A wagon; 2 bbls. daily. Apply at Call office.
RANCH BAKERY AND NOTION STORE;
JJ pleasant l furnished rooms; no agents. 449
Guerrero st. .-.*."*'' i
O LEASE OR TO HEALTH RESORT I
and mineral springs in Lake County. Partlcu-
lars at 1577 F'olsom st.
GJOKA OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON;
i&uuxjxj. good stock ;fine fixtures. 1026 Larkin st.
*fls 1 00 YOUNG LADY DESIRES HONEST
J - v -' , - / ' gentleman partner in a money-making
business; no triflers need apply. MISS P., box 22.
Call Office. *
■ft 9ooo WILL BUY HALF INTEREST IN
«JP—VJI7C" a first-class lunch place; only those
who mean business answer. T. 8., box 28, Call.
■ft 4. 7 -A VARIETY STORE, NEAR SCHOOL;
xu)x I xJ. no opposition ; living-rooms: cheap rent;
cash trade. Address TV, box 75, Call Office.
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY FOR THE
buyers— For sale, a liquor-store, situated on one
of the best corners of Montgomery st. Inquire
Call Office. .*-:■> ■■:•-.
T/*OR SALE— AT ONE-HALF ITS VALUE, IF
A sold before March 1, book, stationery and no-
tion store. 615 Larkin st.
Mr ANTED— PARTY WISHING TO INVEST
" $10,000 in manufacturing business that will
pav 20 per cent. Address M. K., box 36, Call.
I7*OR SALE— CABINET-MAKER'S COMPLETE
outfit: bench, tools, etc; hunting outfit com- I
plete. 1400 Van Ness ave. . .'ii \.
fx ROCERY AND BAR; 5 LIVING-ROOMS,
VT horse and wagon; 3 vears' lease; good location.
Apply California Brewery, Douglass and Diamond.
RANCH BAKERY AND DELICACIES
store. 1733 Market sL
-Std^O ERUITSTORE, RENT $25. A., BOX
<P*±c>V. 128. Call Office.
IP OR SALE— A GOOD-PAYING SALOON ON
Larkin st. be:. Post and Ellis. For particulars
Inquire at 26a Cedar ave. bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
CHANCE-COFFEE. ICE-CREAM SODA i
parlor; cheap. Sutter st. and Central ave.
"3.400 HAY, GRAIN, WOOD AND COAL
<U' ::r '-' , -'• business; stock, fixtures, horses, wag-
ons, etc.; rent $15; good business street: fine cor-
ner: must be sold before March 1; sickness cause
selling. J. B. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
1 HIRST-CLASS UPHOLSTERER AND DRA- j
' pery man can have a chance to get established
in business: doing good custom work. J. D.. box
115, Call Office. '
OLD ESTABLISHED BUSINESS IN NEW
and second-hand line for sale; satisfactory rea-
sons given. 157 Third st. ••,--**.•,;
GOOD PAYING A LOON WITH 10 FUR-
nlshed rooms for sale cheap: on account of
leaving the city. Inquire at 624 Sacramento st.
I-TRST-CLASS SALOON CHEAP; FINE CASH
X register: safe; private rooms; cause of sale,
sickness. 209 Ellis.
ft 'yOOO FORSALE: TIIE CONTROLLING
x£XxJX'Xj\j. interest in a well equipped and pav-
ing quartz mine now In active operation in Amador
County, California: title perfect and full investiga-
tion allowed. Address Bonanza, box 98, Call
Office, San Francisco. . ". . ■ -
XT-OR SALE-VERY CHEAP FOR CASH,
i steam laundry; doing $300 per week. Address
M. L.. box 234, Call Office.
RESTAURANT AND BAKERY; OWNER HAS
other business; can't attend to it. 917 Mission.
RANCH BAKERY. SUITABLE FOR DELl-
cacies and laundry office; cheap. 317 O'Far-
rell st.
ffiJ/fKO RESTAURANT -IN GOOD RUN-
zXOxJ. ning order; everything complete. In-
quire Call Office.
S7 nrTwTLL BUY exclusive AGENCY
I KJ\J for the Pacific Coast for 10 years: busi-
ness established; good-selling article; fullest In-
vestigation solicited. Address W. 8., box 71, Call.
1""OR SALE— A FRENCH LIQUOR- J 1 ORE ON
A one of the best corners on Sixth street at a sac-
rlfice. Inquire of E. ROBINET. 411 California st.
-5.1900 GROCERY AND BAR AND FTX-
■VL—V/l-'. tures, horse and wagon, Including
outside cash trade: receipts $25 a dav: present
owner in other business. Inquire NABER, ALFS
& BRUNE, 323 Market st.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
<n»^nO 22 BOOMS; NEW CORNER HOUSE;
<p xJXJXJ . all full: low rent. 712 Kearny st.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
THOROUGHBRED CHICKEN EGGSJSFOR
hatching; Brahma,' Cochin, Plymouth Rock,
Mlnorcns, Andalusian, Spanish, Wyandotte, Hon-
dan, Hamburg, $1 50 per 13; Leghorns, $1 25; G.-
Poland and Bantams. 1". KP.AUS, 1031 McAllis-
ter st.
\i )U G, FRI_SH '.-QUART MILK GO AT. 209
A Jersey St., bet Church aud Twenty-fourth.
ARK BROTHERS' HAMMERLESS GUN;
10 gauge; $80 grade: price $30; also 12-gauge
breech-loading gun ; price $20; both equal to new.
E. box 1, Call Office. '
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission*.
LACKS »■ TTH -SHOP OUTFIT, F ORG E,
steam pump, boiler and engine; cheap. 516
Mission st. ■'■-:■
CAfl CHICKS; 100 EACH; HATCHED BY
OXJxJ Schule's self- regulating hot-water incu-
bator; best in the world. 1213 Valencia st.
F'OR SALE CHEAP; 1 7-POWER STEAM
X engine and boiler; in good running order: on
account jf power not being sufficient. 114 Drumm.
pLEVELAND SWELL SPECIAL BICYCLE,
vys7s;,or will trade for cusiom-made clothing.
Address M. L., 617 Washington st.
"\i* Tier WHEEL horsepower; as GOOD
''as new: complete; $50. i 908 Broadway.
( fc9' : SLOOP YACHT; 11x27. APPLY j
£jO\J. 1548 Park St., Alameda.
BUY OUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT- !
tan furniture at the factorv and save middle-
man's profit we will treat vou right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND -LARGE -SIZE
tire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market v..
-yOO SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
QKJXJ and prices . from 25c per yard tip. .1.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-"
A press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay
TV'' E^V RANGES "cheaper ""than SECOND-
XV band. W. & RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
("IOUNTERS,- SHELVING. SHOWCASES
x, boueht and told 121 Vb Market beL 7thandBtn
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAIOCARr^fci^ANTNG^^
Ung, 38 Bth. VEINS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
' like new. FERGUSON A CO.. 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. P. MACKINTOSH ACQ., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
JMcQUE EN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson; tel. south 228.
ATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO- i
XX vating Works HAMPTON J.BAILLY. laylaj i
snd altering. 313-315 Guerrero; Tel. Mission 244. ;
TIEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Cat*
pet Beating Works. 563-7 Tehama: teL So-40. '
ONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKa. 3JJ
\J Gold"n Gate ave. : telephone east 126. ■■-'.:•■■
r/--:. ■■:■;. I physicians.
rTaTbiTluH^phS^cj?^
University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Marltt
-LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
M?~SPECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST.
.15 rooms; genuine bargain; worth
$1200 * *>')
18 rooms, beautiful house: rent only *55. . . . 850
23 rooms, Post St., none better 1000
30 rooms*; clears $125 or no sale; $1000 down.
tTTROOMS: NICELY FURNISHED; CORNER
l__on Golden Gate ave. DECKER, 1020 Market.
-»R>OM HOUSE"" FOR SALE AT A BAR-
__.__. gain. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st. __
ROOMS NEAR MARKET; RENT $45;
price $500. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market.
l2_ 1. 1 C\(\ LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 ELE-
tjl'lUU. eant lv furnished rooms on Market st.;
paying house. CULVER <$: COLTON. 906 Market.
<S_C.(\f\ A WELL- FURNISHED LODGING-
■©DWU. house: 18 rooms and bath; all full: rent
$40: part cash. 303 Third st.
HOUSE, 22 ROOMS, AT A BARGAIN IF SOLD
by the Ist of March. For particulars address
Bargain, box 20, Call Office.
OOMIM^HOUSE OF 22 ROOMS: CLEARING
- $95 per month over expenses; obliged to sell;
no agents; none but principal, need apply: must be
cash: no reasonable offer refused. Address L. 11.,
box 69, Call Office. _^^
c_TTnr_ well-furnished, good 57-
-»jr>J--LvV». room lodging-house; good location.
613 mission st. ;
"il 7(-.\ ON ACCOUNT OTHER IN Ess ;
-3D JUU. 45 rooms; clearing $100 per month;
$500 cash, balance Installments. 115 second st. _
0 A A SACRA MEN POSITIVELY- A BAR-
\JAA gain; 16 rooms; house well furnished and|7
years' experience. *..- *■;■'
OAO FOURTH— NEW HOUSE; WELL LIGHT-
•Jv/Oed: room rent reduced. Apply to J. HE-
P.TIN I, 317 Washington st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TpURNITURE OF 5-ROOM FLAT, NEARLY"
x new: cost over $500; will sell at sacrifice; par-
ties leaving city; also gray horse and Great Dane
dog. Vf. J. WALLIS, 1334 Mission st.
"LiURNITURK OF 9 ROOMS; MUST BE SOLD
J immediately. 759 Howard st.
"LiLEGANT PARLOR SUITE WORTH; $400;
XJ must be sold Monday. Call bet. 1 and 2 p. m.,
514a Turk st. A
I**oß SALE— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW 7-ROOM
-T flat; well furnished. Apply 112 Golden Gate ave.
A ROOMS FI.TtNIT Tl'.K, NEW $75
A jtjedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid ." 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades in s colors 25c up
SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market st., opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
ONE MORE CUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. From $10 up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOON AN,
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, *9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
K EDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK, NEW AND
second-hand: 400 carpet j, good as new; oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum, 45c: 7-
ptece chamber suits, $-4 50: cornice poles, 25c;
ranjes, $6; cash or installments-, goods shipp.i
free. • T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
— _m..___— ______ __.■ .— — . ____»______________■_-—— —m ■
FURNITURE WANTED
MALONE rPAYSR2OfPStCENT^SORB
JA than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth .L
1 "•A-'H PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. -T A-
\J COB SCHWERDT. 82 Mission, bet. 4th <fe sth.
ABSOLUT "HIGHEST PRICE PAID Foil
second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.: call or send postal.
PIANOS. VIOLINS. ETC.
2 REG] -i*K R^'EI^tTTpIT'FC^oT.G AN FOR
±u church or studio; cheap. 815 Webster st.
Y~ ERY 11 N " UPRIGHT PIANO, ALMOST
» new; great sacrifice. Can be seen mornings
and evenings at 2030 Bush st. »
(2*7?: CHICKERING ROSEWOOD PIANO;
<*P I O. cost $500; $5 installments. 221 Levnwrth.
STEINWAY. $165; WEBER. $260: SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
ft A A BARGAIN; FINE PIANO; GOOA
x&A\J. condition. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.,
next Hibernia Bank. •: .v
9"C SECOND-HAND PIANOS AT F'ROM $75
"O up; good instrument... all of them: small In-
stallments. A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post
St., San Francisco.
HAINES RROS. PIANO: WITHOUT A SUPE-
rior; we invite comparison; prices moderate.
I A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post si. S. F.
A SPECIAL SALE"OF"pIaNOS. CHEAP FOR
-^A cash, this week at MA IV.vIS', 769 Market st.
I pOME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
VJ novelty— the Ossian attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one: very sim-
! ple; guaranteed to keep in order: call and see it-
beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS A SON, sola
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
TTPRIGHT PIANO AT A BARGAIN; USED
KJ only 2 months. 1234 Bush st.
MAHOGANY UPRIGHT, CHEAP. CALL
at once 1623 Buchanan.
A SHAW, $425; 2 STEIN WAYS, 5215, $195-
Sommer, 9237; squares, $25, $55: rents fi
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
Pianos— ; ~ ~~ *
Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson : easy terms. 736 Market st.
90 000 SHEE 'r MUSIC 1 COPY. STAT-
JJXJ.XJXJX.! HAM'S Piano store, 106 -McAllister st.
pOOD PIANOS CHEAP. CHEAP PIANOS
VT good, at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
HAINES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER^
ence; also renowned Bush A Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post st.
CONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY^ Post SL ,-f
HICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STER-
ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
for rent. BENJ. (II: 1 A SON, 16 O'FarreU.
UrU. O. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
xi rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
«-nd organs sold for cash or installments.
AS OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchaser,
that wish to take advantage of it- please call ami
have it explained. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
ft I 7 A CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<fl? x I O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., AY.FISCHE ANO
.other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER __
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
"L*ASY TERMSrLOW PRICES. KOHLER <Ss
A. CHASE.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER7
Newby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
O H. MI' LLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTE I NWAY, $215; WEBER, 9368; SOMER,
O $237; Wily, |125; squares, $35 and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
ARRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
JA grade T. L. Neumann pianos tor the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, S3
Ninth st. •••* -.-*- '.
01 ' EN FOR BUSINESS. "
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT.
929 "Market st.. Spreckels building.
MEDICAL.
MRS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specially. 230 Clara st., nr. Fifth.
ALL FEM A L IS, IRREGULARITIES RE-
Px* stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult tree.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
BLESSING TO LADiES si FFERI-x rituM
lemale troubles peculiar to their sexes; our
treatment never fails to cure a single case: beware
of lrauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. 14
McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank; consult free
DR. and MRS. DAVIES; home in confinement;
French Female Fink Pills. . .
T ADIES. Cl ' ■.s.-'I.ir'FKKE MRS. DR. SCOTT."
J- 216 Powell st.: only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eye treated.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRIT
menis or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
I ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
it you want 10 be treated safe and sure call on meu's
physician -.knowledge -a'i he sent and used at home;
■ all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
I ADIES- CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
:J J royal Pills (Diamona Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable- take no other; send Ac. stamps for
! particulars. * leliaf tor Ladles," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Com-
j pany, Philadelphia, Pa.
E~ CZEMA. RHEUM ITS Si . ASTHMA; HAIR
: J-j grown on bald heads, and other chronic disss
j treated at 1207 Market st., rs. -_- A3 ;German spoken.
A HOME. A FRIENdTvNDmTtITIE R'S CARE;
JA. housekeeping apartments: strictly private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1418 Eighth St., Alameda.
j ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
I A ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
, safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
RS. AND DR. HER WIG, PRIVATE CON-
fliiemeiit home; good care and attendance;
prices reasonable. 710 Ellis st. - ■
DB, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
;jones. Diseases of women and children. .
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
x regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for' patients; best skill;
medical attendance: low fees; regulator,' $2.
j 1370 Market. .. . : -
ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE. REGULA
' XJ tirtg Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 EUis «_,
lormerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents. /
~* "SURE CURE - F'OR ALL FEMALE
x\. eases, from whatever cause: a home in con-
finement . with - every comfort; satisfaction 1 guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. -_- Turk st.
Vi RS.~DR. WEGENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
i>l confinement: irregularities cured in a fewr
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
ITF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASS
A see Mrs. Dr. Puetz and be content. *->.*& _:■__,«TV__»EA.l_ ESTATE.
n h. v^Skx'almT' !
;EAL ESTATE AGENTS. BENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
Office and Salesroom,
1* Montgomery st., near Market.
"all andobtaln one of our "Real Estate Records."
*«. -. ?J? ta -. n9 *- llst of properties for sale ln ail
ji-tsof theclty. <•
TWO SALES BY ORDER OF TRUSTEES AT
OUR SALESROOMS. .
FIRST— Saturday, February 29, 1896, at 12
« i clock noon. Improvements and lot 26x90:6; W.
line of Webster st., distant 27 :iy_ S. of Clay.
SECOND— Monday. March 9, 1696. at 12 o'clock ,
noon. (a) Lot 50x134:3: W. line of Eureka st., !
distant 128:4 south of Ocean-house road or 21st si. '
(b) improvements consisting of frame dwelling
?fiS I 0 * *-- ,0 *"55 on the NW. line of Hunt st., distant
120 __.. of 3d.
IMPROVED PROPERTY AT PRIVATE SALES.
BARGAINS.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
97000— Rent $840 per annum: 2 substantial
houses ln several tenements and lot; "N. sideof
Vallejo St., near Stockton; street accepted.
TWO PAYING FLATS. .
Q].)-|i FOURTEENTH ST.— COMPA-
-0"i — «)l'. ratlvely new bay-window flats; brick
foundation; stone walks: etc.; street accepted;
sunny side ; rent. $108 per annum.
COTTAGE IN 'I*lll' HEART OF THE CITY.
C['Jftnn ELEVENTH ST.— BAY-WINDOW
tjpOUUU. cottage of 6 rooms, etc., and lot; j
street accepted, I
BUSINESS CORNER NEAR MONTGOMERY
AVENUE.
SI-HAIi *- HOUSES AND CORNER LOT
xj>^txxj\j. 30x60 feet; street accepted; baker's
oven, etc.
A REAL WESTERN ADDITION BABGAIN.
O.iQAA GOLDEN GATE AVE. BOOLE-
-pxjoxjxj. vard- 2 flats and cottage; 10t27:6x
3/ :6; front part of lot vacant; 3 flats could be
built and with the present rent. $38, made to nay
at MM lOperceut net on the investment.
WELL-PAYING INVESTMENT ON GEARY I
STREET.
QOXAA SUBSTANTIAL 3-STORY HOUSE
xPiQxjxj. in flats; brick foundation, etc; room
for 3 more flaw : 31:4V_x137:6.
SMALL WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
Q9_j.AA BEIDEMAN STREET—- FLATS
' -i"U. of 5 rooms each: lot 25x90; rent
5-2-16 per annum; street accepted.
COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
Q-IQAA DIAMOND STREET— NEW BAY-
•- —' " 'Kl. window rentage of 4 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc. ; lot 25x125.
BUSINESS CORNER NEAR 2SD AND VA-
LENCIA.
*< lT"*vA STORE AND 4 ROOMS AND
O 11 OK'. upper flat of 7 rooms and bath; lot
"_•. x79; rent $30.
ALAMO SQUARE-EASTLAKE FLATS.
Q&9AA HAVES ST.-2 ELEGANT NEW !
«_ i^—xjxj. flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath, each,
etc.; brick foundation;' stone walks; lot 26x82:6
:
TELEGRAPH HILL. :
Ql Z\f\f\ 2 HOUSES OF 5 AND 4 ROOMS
• 1• >' 'XJ. each ; rent $16; mortgage of $800, at
7 per cent, can remain.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE
QIC AAA FASHIONABLE STREET FAC-
XiP I' .Ul/U, Ing public park and commanding
fine views of theclty; 10 rooms and bath: billiard,
servants' and. wine rooms, etc.; lot 37:9x120 to
rear street.
GOOD INVESTMENT NEAR MARKET ST.
V 1 1 AAA 2 HOUSES OK 6 ROOMS EACH
OLL.UUU. and 2 flats; bay-windows; -brick
foundation: rent $72; lo: 27 :6x1'-*0 ; 2 frontages.
NICE MISSION WARM BELT.
Qf'9XA CAP* ST.: NICE SUNNY 8UB-
• -' — "->■'• stau-ial residence of 8 rooms and :
bath; brick fonndattotL;' stone walks: street ac- |
cepted; Ida* lawn and garden; lot 30x122:6.
UNIMPROVED.
$1100each-2 level building lots, each 25:10x
.1- feet; sunny Hat of Elizabeth st,
93300 -Diamond st.; res dence lot, 49:4x125;
co reasonable offer refused.
$2300— Scott St.; building lot, 25x116:8; a bar-
gain.
$2250— Grand views; Dolores St.: 25x125.
$4250— choice Western Addition residence
lot, 50x125; unsurpassed views.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
WILL K. fISHER A CO.,
" REAL ESTATE AGENTS
AND GENERAL AUCTIONEERS,
14 POST ST.
HOUSES RENTED:.
REN is COLLECTED;
INSURANCE PLACED;
PROPERTY CARED FOR.
RICHMOND. RICHMOND.. RICHMOND.
WE HAVE THK LARGEST AND CHOICEST I
LIST OF LOTS IN RICHMOND.
From $300 to $1000.
S-TXA LOTS 25x120: BOYCE ST.. NEAR I
t^s I OxJ. Geary; street work all done.; easy
terms.
QQ^A LOTS: 30-FOOT FRONT: N. LINE ;
OOxJ. Clement St., near 11th ave.; grand ;
marine view.
Ql AAA CALIFORNIA ST. AND 2D AVE.
O-I-UUU. lots; easy terms; only one left.
SOUTH 'OF THE PARK.
IAA FOUR CLOCKS FROM THE PARK:
OTIIU. ready to oulld on: easy terms; only
a few let*:. " - - - P.
(S 1A X A * ELEGANT 25- FT. LOTS ON TRE-
"C LXJQXJ. mont ave., south of Fredericks'.:
crand marine view; street work all
done: stone sidewalk.
WESTERN ADDITION.
QQAA nf TRACT NWVCOB. GEARY and
xg) Oxjxj. Williamson sts.; $25 down and $5
per mont
QJ 9^ A COR " LOTSlrtelOSj VICINITY OF
"C-"* - OxJ. California and Devisadero; grand
view: owner anxious to sell.
*<•'(. AHA BW COa - DEVISADERO AND
O -U.UUU. Grove sts.: 50-vara.
MISSION.
Q 1 AHA - OTS ON VICKSBURG ST., NEAR
itfxxJVxJ. 23d; ready to build on.
IMPROVED.
Q7^OA FI - N * E investment": 27:6x120
<7 i xJOXJ. to rear street: Turk st.. near Polk;
good house of 9 rooms and bath. '
Q9Q Zi(\(\ !- 0 AND IMPROVEMENTS-
O.OxJxJ, 68*9x120; Post Rt., near v.n Ness
»v. . : fine large substantial house of
20 rooms and bath.
Houses and lots for sale in all parts of the city
Call for lists. . .
"piCHMOND LOTS. : ' "~ ' ~~
Jt RICHMOND LOTS.
RICHMOND LOTS.
ON EASY TERMS.
SIXTH AVE., SEVENTH AVE., CALIFOR-
NIA AND LAKE STS. i •-.-.«- v
$900, $1000, $1100.
UN SACRAMENTO -ST. CABLE LINE-
"STREETS SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED*
LOTS READY TO BUILD ON.
TERMS $50 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
TAKE SUTRO ELECTRIC, PACRAMENTO-
ST. CABLE OR CALIFORNIA-.-!. DUMMY
CALL FUR DIAGRAMS. -
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
_• 218-220 Montgomery st., Mills building.
EAL ESTATE FOR SALE Bt ~
C. H. REYNOLDS A CO.,
333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
Sutro Heights. Point Lobos, Cliff House and
41st ave. ; choice lots on electric-car line.
$2000— Point Lobos avenue, lirst-clas. corner lot.
$1500— lot ; Point I/obos and 43d aves.
$5000— D st.: business corner: near beach.
$1500— 43d ave.; NW. cor. lot; north of Park.
sth, B'.h. 12th and 32d ave. lots, near Sutro's
electric-car line.
$350— Wayne St., Bernal Heights: Gift Map lots,
near Cortland ave.: school and cars.-
TTOW TO GET A HOME.
wny should YOU RENT?
Our plan is to sell you a home for the same
monthly payments that you now waste in rent-
yes, waste, for you get no return. - You are contin-
ually paying out ana have nothing but a pile of
rent receipts to show tor it.
Our plan has the following points:
You can have your home built to suit your taste,
and will cost you no more than you now pay In
rent, and upon final payment you have no more
monthly outlays and are the owner of a valuable
home. , .
Terms for a 5-room and bath cottage, including
lot. are $300 down and 925 monthly, including in-
terest. For a 4-room and bath, $'-0 monthly. In-
eluding Interest. Five new cottages now being
built on the Hevman Tract: to see them, take Cas-
tro-st. car to 23d St.. walk 2 blocks west, or Mls-
Blon-st car and transfer at 22d st." Mr. James A,
otter, resident agent, will show you oil around.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner.
Room 5, Crocker building. Post and Market sts.
Ql ->?_A NEW- 4-ROOM AND HALL COT-
x£)xOO\j. tage, with 6-foot basement; hard fin-
ished; including level lot, 25x114; street graded
and sewered; half, block to electric-road and 15
minutes' ride to new City Hall; 9100 down, balance
$10 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, room 6, Crocker
building, Post and Market sts. ' "
MISSION ST., NR. 3d— FINE large PIECE
of business property: lot 115x100: at a special
bargain: call at oflice for particulars. ROBERT
J. MERCER A SON, 410 Pine st.
v I '>(~M\~*i*6o, 91100, 91000. $900-rich-
xpxO\Jx.l. mondlou: Lake sL, 3d ave., 2d ave.,
Clement t.. IHth ave., etc. f < 7"____--__-_______
Ql '>^A RENTS $126 PER YEAR; CLEAR
Jf X.-OXJ . of water; house and lot. near Main and
Folsom sts.; lot 22x62: reduced for quick sale; a
great bargain. ROBERT J.. MERCER &. SON,
410 Pine st. ";*•'.
Qfi^OA NEW FLATS, - THE PARK, 7
*ndBrooms. . : %*
f 2000-Frederick st.; ell lot; flne view; 25x110.
*87ft— N. line Clement, near earhouse; 25x100. -
ENGLISH A MORRIBSEY,
628 Market St.
L'lTTt REAL ESTATE. |
MADISON i A BURKE, -REAL. ESTATE j
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st. ■
SW. COR. VAN NESS AVE. AND O'FARRELL j
St.; 120 on Van Ness ave. bv 178 in depth; 3
frontages. MADISON A BURKS. -
TURK • ST., NEAR JONES; FLAT"* AND
house, renting for $90 per month; offered very j
low; in perfect condition. , ;.?
ft 7 -aA A RENT $80 PER MONTH; 4 TENE- ;
■jjp I OUU. mints and 10f25x120; S. line of Pine
St., 60 E. of Polk; 2 frontages. MADISON i
BURKE. .«*.....:——.:-
PARK RESIDENCE; FELL ST., NR. LOTT; i
rooms and bath; all modern conveniences; I
25x137:6: only $7260. MADISON <fc BURKE.
CHOICE SUNNY RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
' bath, attic and basement: all Improvements, I
heater, etc.; Steiner, bet. California and Sacra- i
mento; lot 26x106:3. MADISON A: BURKE.
QH^AH WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVTSA-
tJUtJuW.. dero -7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127 :8. MADISON A BURKE.
ONLY $6000: BBODERICK, NEAR BUSH;
lot 50x90. with house of 11 rooms, occupying
25 feet, which with small outlay can be turned into
two flats. MADISON A BURKE.
_£U\f_f\ PAGE, NEAR BRODERICK; RESI-
tJIUUUU. der.".' of 7 rooms and bath; lot 26x
b7:6. MADISON A BURKE.
<__• ".AAA 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
tIpt)UUU. Ridlev: rents $44: lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON A BURKE.
Q9CAA ST - ROSES ST.. NEAR MASONIC
UUU. ave.; 8 rooms, ln good condition;
easy terms ; lot 25x100. P
— AA COTTAGE; WEST PARK ST., NR.
tID^JAUU. Mission road; 6 rooms and bath ; lot
25x100. 4 y/T~
CfICAA HILL, NEAR CHURCH: NICE *
tjnlOUU. home; 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
Sir'A REDUCED; RENTS $24 PER
tC> IJJU. month- Le Roy place, near Sacra-
mento and Leavenworth sis. ; lot 22:6x80."
G_Q.*_A 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENTS 912;
t]?0«)U. Potrero, near Union Iron Works; lot
25x65.
T-.N* IM PROVED PROPERTY.
$15.000-Cappand 19th; corner: 125x122:6.
$5500— Washington, corner Lyon; 31 :3xloo.
94500— 24th, NE. cor. Yieksburg; 50x114.
$.000—65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$3500— steiner, near Pine: 25x103.
$3500— near Jackson: 27:8x110.
$2700— Noe, near Market; 25x100.
• $2500— Cheap; lav. near Baker; 25x105.
92400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lvon, near Grove; 25x100. ::;-p
$2050— Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:6.
91809— near 18th: 25x110.
360— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
$1300— 19th, near Sanchez: _.">xll4.
Sanchez, cor. Valley; 26:6x100; $1260.
"■6 m Mlnot, near California ave. ; 25x70.
MADISON a BURKE EH Market sU
M." SPECK A CO. ■
• CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
Q^AA CASH. BALANCE IN EASY MONTH-
%pOUU ly payments, buys elegant new house of
2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath and large
lot; in perfect order.
©,**,("■( CASH, BALANCE OF $2500 SAME
"tj) OUU as rent, buys business property in Rich- l
mond; rent $30.
QQHAA HOI AND LOT WITHIN HALF <
xJ\J\JV. a block of Bth and Market; always j
rented; part cash.
_ 17TA ELEGANT BRAND NEW FLATS. ;
V -tIOU. vicinity of Haight and Stanyan; lot
25x137.
Q'yOAA ELEGANT 7-ROOM RESIDENCE j
tIpOUUU. on Pine st.. near Devisadero.
«*-_A AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY VERY
tIDOO.UUU. near the Baldwin; rents $250.
$OAAA0 AAA STORE AND 2 FLATS: RENTS
tJSOUUU. $30; only a few blocks from the City
li^i. Hall: must sell. #.&aaesißm&aaami
Q*vl A A " FLATS ON CAROLINE, NEAR
xp'Ol VU. Darkln; rents $52; fronts on two
- streets.
©O7AA REDUCED FROM $4800: 2 ELE-
IfUl UU. gant new flats: within a block of 2 j
ear lines: pays 10 per cent.
Q(.^.f.A 8 ELEGANT NEW FLATS; RENTS
tJIUOUU. $61; in vicinity of Halght st.
Q7AHA 2 ELEGANT NEW FLATS ON
C i UUU. McAllister st.
Q55AfiA ELEGANT RESIDENCE ON SUT- !
tJOUUU. terand Hvde.
AN OFFER WANTED FOR AN ELEGANT j
Xx. 20-room mansion on N. line of Eddy St., near :
Frank. lot 34x120 to rear street; building j
nearly new: cost over $20,000.
QQ7 \AA BUSINESS PROPERTY: RENTS I
xJiOK ,'i\J\J. 9304 1-. month: lot 48x137.
WQA AAA CORNER BUSINESS PROP- :
<!. CU.UUU. erty, with good improvements, 1
wit bin a block of the Baldwin ; lot 68x75 ; all
rented.
! $_ 1 1 A AAA business property on I
1 •4P-LLU.UUU. Market St.; lot 50x165; 2 front-
ages; inside.
Q99^i* AAA business corner; 137 I
♦4P jjO.xJUVJ. feet front; vicinity of the Bald- |
win: pays 6 percent.
A. M. SPECK A CO..
j - 602 Market st.
z=z "I
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
. AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
103 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS.
Q_>l£\A JACKSON ST., NR. BAKER; 25x
x^OXOxJ. 127 :8»i: good locality for flats; would
rent well ; a cheap lot.
Ql A QAA MUST be SOLD; NW. corner
x^-J-^x.sJxJxJ. Haight and Broderick st3.; 55x
137:6: with L 82:6 feet deep on
Broderick St.: 8 splendid lots; corner
Is improved with 2-story modern
residence; 10 rooms, hath and base-
ment; first-class condition: heaters
,' ami all conveniences: gcod substan-
tial stable on Broderick st.; brick I
foundation; street work all done and I
accepted. ' -T-f'
Q 1 P-iAH EASY TERMS; BTH AVE., NR. D,
yIOUU, Richmond; 25x120; street work done.
Qd 9P.A WANTS AN OFFER; RAKER NR.
x^xxA . Greenwich; 24x94: pood modern Im-
provements: store and flat; cabte-
cars In front; rents 935 per month;
street work done. :-•■■.-*?■ '•" .-*:
Ql 9 ?_AA PINE-ST. FLATS; VERY
tj. xJu.OxJxJ. choice locality; 25x137:6, with 3
* -**" -, modern flats of 6. 6 and 7 rooms,
bath and all conveniences; all rented,
982 50; first-class condition.
<2__l?_AA MUST BE SOLD; ENTIRE BLOCK
<DTt«JUU. south of park; 240x600; good loca-
tion. ■"*-;» .;*
OAKLAND BUSINESS PROPERTY TO Ex-
change for San Francisco residence or residence
lots in the Western Addition; some
mortgage would be assumed; but a .
very short distance from the City
Hall, and has 2 frontages; 56x118
feet deep: improved with bay-win-
dow, 2-story residence: 10 rooms,
bath: large basement and attic: also
stable for 2 horses and carriage;
street work all done and accepted;
inquire about this without fall.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
* 108 Montgomery st.
JOHN PfORR, 329 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$7000— Bents $60: Folsom st., near 7th; stores
ami 10 rooms above: lot 28x100.
$24,500— Rents $225; downtown corner prop-
erty: 6 stores and flats upstairs.
950,000-Taylor st., near Market; 46x137:6;
2 stores below and 2 apartments of 9 rooms each
upstairs: always rented. *
Reduced again to $30,000— NW. corner Mission
and 17lh sts.; lot 65x100 feet, with Improvements;
2-story: 3 stores. 3 flats and 2 cottages; rent $200.
912.500— Valencia St., south of 16th; 2-story bay-
window house, store and dwelling back and . flat 7
rooms and bath upstairs; lot 20x88 feet: always
rented: make offer.
$3000— 7th st., near* Brannan; lot 25x75, with
improvements; renting at $30.
. DWELL
97*00— Fine 2-story bay-window house; McAl-
lister st., inside of Octavia: 9 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; '.01 25x137:6.
$2000— 5 rooms and bath: house, corner 26th st.
and Poplar place, beL Valencia st. and San Jose
ave.
$4250— Fulton st., near Devisadero; 2-story bay-
window house: 7 rooms "and bath; lot 23x112.
$6800— Rent $85: lot 40:6x62:0: Jackson st.,
near Mason, with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
93100— A line cottage, 6 rooms and bath, on 19th
St., near Castro; on installments without interest.
UNIMPROVED.
$2500— Cor. Larkin and Greenwich sts.; large
lot. 62x87:6.
$3500— Dolores St., near 22d; 26x125.
$800— Noe St., near 30th; lot 36:6x75.
93500— Fine corner lot 70x1 10, cor. I st. and 10th
»ve., at side entrance to park. .
$550— 16"th ave., bet. C and D sts.; 25x120.
Corner Fillmore and Germania sts.; 24x81:3.
93500— L0t 75x100 feet; cor. - 19th and Eurexa
streets: make offer. :>;,..• „
Ql AACASH, BALANCE EASY MONTHLY
XjP A XJxJ sums for a nice cottage home. • V*- '■-■".*■
Ql7^A 37:6x100: THIS IS A BARGAIN
«J) A I Q\J. on Harrison st., near Twenty-second-
foreclosure of mortgage.
<H.fi^A.l RENTS $55; FULTON BT.,'NEAR
tTpUOUI/. Baker: fine new modern flats: first
class. If you want something good and-cbeap in-
vest in them.
Q97KA PERRY ST., NEAR THIRD; GOOD
tip £J I OxJ. income. -.•■■ *' .*•*■• «.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
NPRECEDENTED BARGAIN. " "
95500, actually worth double the money;
building alone cost over $10,000. and the 23x97 :6
foot lot is worth 92750; 4-story elegant 14 -room
bay-window building: 3 bathrooms; 7 marble
mantels; 20 closets: brick foundation; in first- j
class condition and now rented for 950, but should 1
bring 975 .a. month; plumbing, gas, sewerage; j
wide street and. rear alley; also in Al condition;
5 blocks from Market and Kearny sts. ■
... . , <.N. D. SICKELS, • - '
'...:. ........ - "-TIIE ..y.. -
.. ... LAND AGENT, .
— . 620 Market St.. onp. Palace Hotel, city.
\\T ANTED-2 LOTS .NEAR CLIFF HOUSE;
,» 1 good view; cash. Address L., box 6. Call. .
OUSE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH, LARGE CEL-
lar and garden, lot 22:6x96. i.'4 39 Larkin si.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
I ._-_■_-.„ ., -^ ITY .-^"^^ : ESTATE. . '; _ ]
A RARE OPPORTUNITY. ~~ ~~~ i
AN ELEGANT MODERN HOME. *'■".
NORTH SIDE O'FARRELL. NEAR GOUGH.
I Ql Q. OAA * A HANDSOME DOWNTOWN I
tg-xc-. CUV. residence of 11 rooms, hath, etc.:
modern and elegant in every detail; only 3 years
old; lot 30x120 feet, through to Myrtle ave.: cost
present owner over $25,000; selling account of de- I
parture for Europe. Further particulars' at office.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
| ' 638 Market st.
LEGANT FLAT.-". •■ *.■■;< : "
il - ' NORTH SIDE OF FELL ST.
FACING PARK PANHANDLE. °7/ *-.-.,., -A*
*5.1 A AAA 3 MODERN FLATS, NEARLY
-t^A-u.-uuc*. new, well and substantially built:
| every convenience; lot 25x137:6 feet; pays 10 per
cent; this Is gilt-edge property and has a great
! future. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
I ■'■'■■' ■*.- ■■- 638 Market st.
I) EDUCED FROM $6500. '- - - ' " "
y* !.«_.-_. I I? ,rERN ADDITION HOMES.
! ('ROVE. NEAR BUCHANAN.
$'Y ( yAA MODERN 2-STORY - RESIDENCE
*"-& . x -' -ofB rooms and bath on the north
side of street; fine basement; brick foundation: in
good condition: at a small expense this property
could be converted into desirable flats; lot 25x
137:6 feet. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
' ' ■■' ■ 638 Market st.
FINE MISSION HOME. . ~~. --..-- ■
HALF A BLOCK NORTH OF MARKET.
MUST BE SOLD. .
.Q^OAA A LARGE -HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS
qpxjyxjxj. and bath on north of 15th st., near
Sanchez and Market: large lot 30x115 feet; also,
stable; mortgage $3000 can remain.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
; 638 Market st.
NLY Jl5OO. : " ~~~
COZY COTTAGE
AT A SACRIFICE.
"VTEAT COTTAGE OF 6. ROOMS AND BATH,
Lion Sacramento St.. near Devisadero: this is a
special bargain, as the lot alone is worth the ask-
ing price. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
■ • ■ 638 Market st.
UY THIS FOR ~ . . -i- ....--
A HOME
. OR AN INVESTMENT.
©9 .AA A 2-STORY HOUSE OK 10 BOOMS,
! xiP^JxJXjyj. on the north side of Clementina st.,
near 4th; pays 10 per cent per annum: lot 25x80.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
- , 638 Market st.
SOME GOOD THINGS i ~~~
IN LOTS
FOR HOMES. FOR INVESTMENT.
QQ^flA WASHINGTON ST., NR. DEVISA-
x£)OOKJ\J. dero, flne lot, 30x127:8V4.
QQ9AA A LARGE RICHMOND CORNER,
tDO^jUU. 57:6x97, on Third aye.
Q99^A CLAYTON ST., NEAR PAGE, 1
t]p._j_Ji_»"J. block from the park, 25x106:3.
Q9l AA CHOICE BUILDING LOT ON
xjpA JLUU. Clayton st., near Waller, 25x106:3.
Ql QAA ELEVENTH AVE.", NEAR POINT
<P-L<JUU. Lobos, two lots, 25x120 feet each.
QI.IAA THIRTEENTH AVE., NR.LAKE,
«4? x'xxJKJ. two lots. 25x120 feet each.
(^IOTX 18TH ST., NR. NOE; 25x114.
Ql 9AD FOUR CHOICE RICHMOND LOTS
•"IP L ___!/.'. on 29th ave.; nicely situated.
QIIAA CORNER ON OCEAN ROAD, NR.
| OLLUU. new racetrack; 60x127. •
i <2.7^_A ISTH ST., NR. CASTRO; LOT 48 FT.
i • tip- 1 QxJ. frontage.
! <s£ftAA 18TII AVE... CLEMENT ST. AND
j UUU. Sutro cars; 25x120. ■■■_-; >p '*-.*;
! fflf^AA 2 5TH AVE., NR. POINT LOBOS; 25x
tJpUUU. 120: street graded and macadamized.
©QAA 27TH AVE.; NEAR POINT LOBOS
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
: 638 Market st.
A. H. Lissak. . O. F.vonKhkis.
OF. VON RHEIN <fe CO., REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
■ California street. ..\V:T.
Corner Clay and Stockton; 59:8x68:9; Chinese
1 stores: rents $142 50.
Stockton, nr. Clay; 55:10x05":9: Chinese stores;
j rents $45.
$12,000— Page, near Gough, to Rose ave. ; 27:6x
1 120: 2 flats in front and 2 In rear: rents $76.
$14,000— Howard, bet. Ist and 2d; 41:8x85; 2
| houses: rents $45.
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard; 40x97:6;
! new bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath ; cash
' $1000: balance at purchaser's convenience.
$10,500— Francisco, near Stockton ; 45 :10x137 :6 ;
i 4 houses and 2 rear houses: 24 rooms: rents 982.
j $11.000— Page, near Octavia; 27x120 to Lily
; ave.; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
• 960.
$10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6 flne resi-
I dence, 12 rooms and bath.
j $.000— Kissling, near 11th and Howard; 47x80;
I 4 flats.
$8000— Howard, near 23d; 62:4x122:6; 2-story
I residence, 8 rooms and batb.
j $8000— 1'olsoin, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
I house: 20 rooms; rents $55.
I 97ooo— O'Farrell, near Hyde: 23x90; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$7000— Jessie, near 4th; 25x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$7200— Latruna, near California; 30x110; cot-
tage, 7 rooms and bath.
$6500— Mason, near Post : 18x55; 2-story house :
7 rooms and bath: rents $31 50.
$0500— Mission, near 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley ; store and flat above, i
$5200— Valle'o, near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6;
two front and one rear house; 16 rooms and bath;
rents $46. ■
95000— Rroderick and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$6000— Francisco st. and Worden place, near
Stockton; 25x68:6; 2-story .house:, butcher-shop !
ana ! rooms, ana upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
rents S3 - .. - " *
$4500— Green, near Lacuna: 23:7x100: nice 2- i
story bay-window residence; 8 roams and batb.
I $4200— Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6: cottage, 5
' rooms and bath. :
I $1000— Stockton,' near Union; 20x57:6 to rear
' street; store and flat above; rents $29.
$3800— Vallejo, near Kearny; 20x60 through to
Hinckley alley; -2 Cats on Valle'o at., 3 flats on
Hinckley alley; total rent $44.
I $3350— Valle.io and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19:6x57:6: 3-story flats', rents $25.
$3250— 2d five., near Clement st. :' 25x88:6; new
bay-window cottage; 5 rooms and bath; cash
$1100; balance easy terms.
Cottage — Larkin. near Chestnut; unobstructed
marine view; $1200 cash, balance same as rent;
27:6x110.
$3000— Salmon, near Pacific; 20x60 to Himmel-
man place; front and rear bouse, 11 rooms; rents
$30. "*
$3000— Nafoma, near Ist; 23x75; S flats, 13
rooms: rents $32.
$2700— John, near Mason and Jackson; 22:11x
60: 2-story flats: 8 rooms: rents 928.' - • •- y
91750— Fairmount Tract; Arlington, . near Mi-
guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms. . , . ■ .--,--
7.. T UNIMPROVED. 7
Valencia, near 25th-st. railroad, station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
$5500— California, near Hyde; 27:6x137:6.
$4260— Page, near Laguna; 25x120 to Lily ave.
$1675— and Kansas: 25x100.
-93200— Dolores, near 29th; 60x75. -
$2000— 25th, near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$1600— Stanyan, near Grattau; 26x80, Increas-
ing to 110 depth. ■•■■■ ■■ ■ , -:
$1200- Cor. B and 25tQ ave.; 60x188." . -T
. $1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
to Ellen. - ■
91000— Homestead, near 24th; 60x126; will
subdivide. . - ,rj>
$1000— Edith or . Church place, near Dupont st. ;
20x65 to rear street. ,<
$900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
9800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road. .. • '■■■-..•'
9500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia; 60x100; will subdivide. . ■ ._. *.
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
• REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
..,:..;. 19 MONTGOMERY ST.
QIA AAA MUST BE SOLD; ELEGANT
"UP .xjxjxj . residence on Buchanan. st., near
Washington; contains 10 rooms,
bath: modern conveniences through-
out; lot 25x107:6: submit an oiler.
'Q.Rf.AA ASHBURY' HEIGHTS RES.-
tJpU UUU. dence; Belvedere St., near Frederick;
new modern residence, containing 9
rooms, bath, basement, etc.; large
garden and yard ; easy tarms, if de-
sired. : •-.*
QP-tAAA PRICE GREATLY REDUCED;
tJPUUUU.-must be sold; no reasonable offer will
b,' refused; 2 flats, renting for $600 j
per annum; Union st., near Larkin.
$.1 1 AHA -RENTS 91200 BBS YEAR; 3
tJpJLA.UUU. new flats, sunny side of Halght
St.; choice location; lot 25x100.
..*/■■■■ ..;■'.""•: '-"■ .:' ■
ffl* C AAA GREATLY REDUCED TO MAKE
tjpUUUU. Immediate sale; Scott St., short dis-
tance from Haight; 11 rooms and
baths; lot 25x118. .-. t . ,
<Jt.-if.AA 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW HOUSE
tJp^-JUL'. of 7 rooms,, bath, laundry, brick
. foundation, *• . etc.; house. . newly
| painted and in first-class condition;
mortgage 91600 can remain; sunny
. . side of Post st. - *.. .;•>'...'-
R 9 P. A MUST . be . : SOLD; ellis-si\
UZtuV. flats, renting for 955 per month;
."■■-• mortgage of 83000 can remain ; lot
25x137:6. < * - ' ■
$OQAA BAY-WINDOW HOUSE OF 6
OOKJxJ. rooms and bath, conservatory, stable,
etc.; A No. 1 condition; Fifth ave.,
nr. Point Lobos; lot 25x120.
fI£QAAA ONLY $700 CASH NEEDED; LOT
tIpOUUU. 25x120 to rear, street: 2 frontages;
2 cottages of 4 and. 5 rooms each;
• rents 923; mortgage 92300 can re-
;■;'..'••, -,: main; Waller st., nr. Fillmore. ;
Q9f_ AAA ASHBURY HEIGHTS REBl-
xgt&O.XJljyj. dence; large lot, 125x86:3 to rear
. ; street; house of. 10 rooms, bath, etc.
Ql Q AAA NK - COR;* ON 7 PAGE ST.: LOT
tJpJ-O.UUU. 31:3x100: well -improved with
flats: always rented; pays $1400
■■-.-■ ■-■. ;■ per annum ; mortgage can remain. . ,
FOR SAJ.E— CHEAP; LOT 25x125; WITH
new cottage of 5 rooms; 131 Diamond st. - An-
ply 412 224 st. ■*:.-, ■ ."■,.. .-.-.-.. ..-.; -.. A. y7:
'■- C|»99f; IF TAKEN AT ONCE; LEVEL LOT. "I
x%)ZjjZ>o block S. of the park. Call at once, 9
Powell at., room 3.
■ ■ .... -
CITY HEAL ESTATE. . I
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEEJt CO., REAU .ES-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
;P:*7 ;-*-•■•-.'/:_-•-■ BUILDING.
: HOUSES RENTED.
96500— 2 choice flats on Post St., near Buchanan;
11 rooms and 2 baths; large lot; 27:6x137:6; I
mortgage of $2400 can remain; present in- j
come $47 60; could be made to pay $60 per |
'• month.
$1500— on 27th St., near Sanchez; lot SOx I
• ' 114. .
91600-Douglass St., near 17th; cottage of 5 rooms
and bath : at a bargain: lots in this block have
sold for $1350; vacant; here is a modern cot- I
tage ana lot for only $1600; absolutely the
cheapest piece of property on our list. _
93700— F'lorida st., near 22d, close to Bryant-ave.
electric road; 2 modern flats of 6 rooms and
bath each: mortgage of 92350 .can remain;
lot 26x100. "
$12,000— rents 91296; 7 flats on Grove St., !
with rear front on Birch ave.; will pay 9 per l
cent net. • ' ' * • .**-
s4soo— Rents $56 monthly and one flat vacant;
tenement property: south of Market st.
97500— NW. corner; residence on < Sacramento st.; 1
- contains 12 rooms and bath; this is an un-
doubted bargain; lot 28x90:«. ,
Handsome new cottage; Diamond st., near
17th; also rear house of 5 rooms; rents $42;
lot 25x125. ~
92100— Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath; La-
guna st.; lot 25x87 :6. ' ■■ • ■'-.-*
$3500— Cottage on Capp St.; 5 large rooms and
bath; Offer wanted; $500 cash; balance on
easy terms. . •
94000— st, near Larkin; 3 flats; rents $43;
• offer wanted.
918,000— Beautiful modern residence in Western
Addition; Clav St., beyond Laguna; 12 rooms,
basement and attic; natural wood finish;
salon parlors; owner will take in part pay-
ment an improved place in Ross Valley, San
Mateo or Redwood City not to exceed $8000
In value.
96000— Broadway, near Devisadero; fins marine
view; lot 40x127 :8V_,.
$18,500— Eddy St., near Larkin; pries reauced
from $23,000: 3 substantial houses; rents
9127 50; lot 67:6x93.
9850— Terms 9100 cash, balance $20 monthly:
Richmond lots; 10th ave., near California
St.; cheap.
94260— Minna St., near 2d; rents 942; lot
■ 25x80 feet.
96000— Price reduced from 97500; substantial
bay-window house of 8 rooms and bath;
Golden Gate ave., near Pierce; lot 27:6x110
feet. MESS
$9250— Mission- St., near 19th; lot 45x122:6,
with 2 houses: rents 945.
$2000— 24th st., near Florida; lot 25x104; cheap.
$1650— Cherry st., Presidio Heights, bet. Sacra-
• mento and Clav; price reduced.
$850— 11th ave., near Point Lobos, Richmond; 25x
120; or two lots at name rate.
91850— Stevenson St., near 14tn, 25x65 feet; or
three lots at same rate.
$3400— N. side Jackson St.. near Leavenworth, a |
2-story flat of 4 rooms each; rent 924 50 j
per month; size lot 24:6x82.
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
- 218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
AT AUCTION
BY
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO.,
SALESROOM
318 AND 220 MONTGOMERY STREET,
MILLS BUILDING.
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
BY ORDER OF THE
M. MORGENTHAU COMPANY,
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1896, .'. '".-■ ■
At 12 o'clock, noon,
We will sell the remaining property of the cor. !
poratlon in
MISSION BLOCKS 144 AND 145, COMPRISING
60 twenty-flve foot lots.
60 twenty-five foot lots.
60 twenty-flve foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-live foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
60 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
.....: '. yy- . - ■ ON
TWENTY-FIRST STREET.
TWENTY-SECOND STREET.
POTRERO AVENUE AND
HAMPSHIRE STREET.
z_z_r
STREETS ALL SEWERED,
. LOTS READY TO BUILD ON.
Title guaranteed by the California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company for the nominal sum of
$10 per lot. 'Py/y -•;■'■/
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
. . , .. 218-220 Montgomery st,
.-.7- ,TT„ Mills Building.
NEWHALL'S SONS A CO., Auctioneers.
O'FARRELL A CO.,
RE ESTATE AGENTS. HOUSEBROKERS
AND AUCTIONEERS,
. 11 MONTGOMERY
-3.90 AAA THREE HANDSOME, NEARLY
,iip.__U. UUU. new residences on corner right at
main entrance to Golden Gate Park; rents $160
per month; a solid and substantial Investment,
with an assured future. * . -
$>9QAA NEAR FOLSOM AND SEVENTH
xKijUaQUU. sts., on small street; flats rented for
$20 per month; lot 20x75; owner wants an offer.
(2*7AAA PROBATE SALE; MAKE OFFER:
tjp K UUU . Washington st., near Dupont; rented
to Chinese for $80 per month. - -
»fiKfin RENTS $55 PER MONTH; TWO
tJPUOUU. new flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath -
Ashbury Heights, overlooking Golden Gate Park-
sunny exposure; lot 25x116. '
©QAA A TURK ST., NR. VAN NESS AVE.;
t^pOUUU. lot has 2 frontages; 27:6x120; both
streets paved and accepted ; 2-story house used as
a laundrv; rents $40; tenants will pay Increased
rental for lease and pay water and make repairs.
ft^AAA WEBSTER STREET: PACIFIC
tiPOUUU. Heights; magnificent view; nearly
new 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath; worth
$8000: sold at this low figure to make Immediate
sale; close to Pacific-ave. cable and Fillmore-st.
electric-cars.*;*' ,",.
ICA PER FOOT: WORTH 9200 PER FOOT-
tpXUU 200 feet front; N. side of Harrison st.'
bet. sth and 6th ; will be sold in sizes to suit. '
; $07F;A SACRAMENTO ST., NEAR DE-
I tjpO 4 OU. vlsadero: cottage of 6. rooms and
bath; worth 95000; street paved and accepted. '
<Bt97*.A RMHT.: AT TRANSFER POINT
tu)*- I OU. between Sutterst. cable-cars and Su-
tro electric-cars; large lot; suitable for business.
©QAA SANCHEZ ST., A FEW STEPS
UUU . from 24th-st. branch of Misslon-su elec-
tric-cars; lot worth 91350. yr
ffi»Tl9 J*. A BUCHANAN ST., NEAR SUTTER
"IP A_i. . and California st. cable-cars; resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath ; lot worth the money.
<K.l QAA BERNARD ST.. BET. JONES AND
tJP-LOUU. Leavenworth, Broadway and Pacific-
street paved and accepted; 2-story house, suitable-
for lor 2 families. .:-,■--■ ■■ ' ..:■.
Market st through to 17th ; 2 stores and 2 flats''
improvements nearly . new; make us an offer-
worth 912,500. •___ ".
O'FARRELL & CO.,
' Real Estate Agents, House '
■ ' . Brokers and Auctioneers. .-
HANCE FOR HOME-BUILDERS: .FRUIT-
I. vale Terminal Tract; special | terms; 9100 up.
*Si_l>-_- ) A FOR SALE— I BLOCK FROM THE
xpjAOxlU . park; new house, 6 rooms, basement
and '. attic ; well built and finely * arranged. < Take
McAlllsier-st. car to Stanyan and apply at Park
House.': ' . ;.;, '.; ,''""..:.;.- V.'.
4l_l AHA FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
tJP-LUUU. cal. nnd Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; 950
down, $15 mbuthlv. -•.'- . • -
9350-1 acrehili land; $5 monthly. 4
,9760— Business lot: 50x100: 910 monthly.
$200— Lot 25x100: $6 down; $1 weekly. -
-CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st. 7 v .
RIGHT, CHEERY. HEALTHFUL LOCA-
tlou. Fruitvale Terminal Tract; lots $150 up. •
I 'OR SALE ;.- OR  EXCHANGE FOR '* SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
in Oakland. , No reasonable offer refused. •" Apply
28"/z Zoe St., city. . - - .
'■TTyy '■' CITY REAL ESTATE. : ._.. : T.
fit OKA A must BE SOLD; MAKE AN OF-
up .iiUUU. fer; Perry st., near 4th; 2-story build-
ing containing 6 rooms; lot 25x80. .-; .: : . .""'i^ri
;^79FiA PRICE REDUCED FROM 98500:
■*iP I £jOU,. Leavenworth st., near Clay; 2-story
bay-window house of 9 rooms and bath. • ;
<H.77?_A SHOTWELL ST., BET. 17TH AND
tj? I I OU. 18th; 3 nice bay-window flats of 6, 6
and 7 rooms and; bath; lot 25x122:6; rent $50;
mortgage 92500; will exchange for downtown
property ana pay difference in cash. ■
■St /__£_ A A * 17TH ST., BET. ' HOWARD AND
tIP^OUU. Capp; 2-story building containing 2
fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100;
rent $38. * .*>-'/-
-■S9'_>AA ONLY '9200 CASH; BALANCE
tJpZ.OUU. same as rent; nice cozy cottage; 4
rooms and bath; Jersey St., -near Twenty-fourth
ana Diamond. . ■ ' .■
fit £7 J*. A OAK ST NEAR BUCHANAN;
tJPU I OU. good 2-story building; 2 flats of 6 and
Brooms, bath, eta, each; 10t. 27:6x80; rent 9600
oer year. . * . , , yP'zP
S-Y-vAA WASHINGTON ST., NEAR POW-
tJDOOUU. ell; 2-story and basement residence
of 8 rooms and bath; - also 4 rear tenements, 4
rooms each; 25x137 ;6; rent 9720 per year. , *_•.,;
fiiftAAA A GOOD BUSINESS CORNER;
tjpUUUU. 50x100; McAllister and Lyon sts.
(5 Kfl A A EACH— 2 HOUSES ON CASTRO ST.,
<3 , <-'OoU nr. 20th; 8 rooms and bath each; rent
937 50: lot 25x125. .
©Q^AA KENT 9384 PER ANNUM; MOR-
tipOOUU. ris ave., near Harrison st.; 2 flats; a
good investment. >*'■'
■ft 1 -X ■ AAA GOLDEN GATE AVE.; FLATS;
•JJSAO.UUU. not far from Devisadero st.; 4 fine
fiats; sented for $100 a month; lot 60x100.
: LOTS IN RICHMOND.
©QAA 10TH AVE..NR. CALIFORNIA ST.;
$7f_A BTH AVE., NEAR I ST.; 25x120;
tip I OU. cheap. . ■ .
fit! Af_A AVE., BET. CLEMENT AND
aJP-LUOU. California st. : 25x120.
ft 1 Af_A EACH-VERY CHEAP; 4, LOTS ON
tJpXUOU 2d ave., bet. Clement and California
sts. ; each 25x120.
BALDWIN A, HAMMOND,
• 10 Montgomery st.
SOME CHEAP LOTS. '■ -- -.-
RIGHT IN TOWN.
$1050— Stevenson St., bet. 12th and 13th; 25x
62:6; pays a ground rental • easy terms.
92800— on Brady st., near Market; 36x
100, with L; very cheap; easy terms.
94000— Make an offer; splendid location for a
teamster; 80x81; 3 lrontages; pays $30 ground
rent per month. -
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
: 10 Montgomery st.
Gt97Fi 9276. ~~' '
■tjD-6 KO. $275. 9275.
South of the Park.
N and O streets.
10th and 11th avenues.
925 cash: 910 monthly.
A good speculation. .■.-',/,;
y BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st. .
"P ICHMOND. \ " "
Ai, RICHMOND.
■~ A/?. RICHMOND.
RICHMOND. -•: :■*?;. -
The block bounded by Lake, California, 11th
and 12th aves. has been placed ln our hands
for sale. .-.y...
If you are Interested go right out and look at
these lots. Our bill on, each, giving price, size. etc.
The cheapest lots in Richmond.
$600 AND UPWARD.
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
Streets sewered, graded and macadamized. Take
the Sutter-st. cars; transfer to Sutro electric road.
See these lots; they are bargains. '^.-v -.
There are a few lots left on 25th ave., Clement
st. and Point Lobos ave. Prices $375 and upward.
Terms, $50 cash, $10 monthly. Sutro cars pass
the property. Only 15 minutes from Central ave.
■."*. 'Z-PzpP/tP BALDWIN «fe HAMMOND.
. 10 Montgomery st.
TO-DAY. ~
TO-DAY.
TO-DAY.
GO TO-DAY AND SEE THESE LOTS.
A new block, containing 48 beautiful home lots,
ls now offered in the Castro-st. addition. The por-
tion of this property first offered met wltlf such a
j rapid sale that we advise you to go at once and see
this new block. Go to-day and secure your choice.
PRICES $375 AND $400.
, TERMS $5 MONTHLY.
Title perfect. Street work done, Including grad-
ing, sewering and macadamizing; water-pipes laid;
electric-lights; all ready- for building. Nearly
every lot In this block is on the grade of the street.
Take the Guerrero-st. car (Mission or Valencia
transfer at 14th st.) and ride to Castro and Chenery
sta : cars pass the property, Agent on the ground
daily, including Sunday. Diagrams at office.
BALDWIN ,V HAMMOND.
* ' * 10 Montgomery st. -
rpo BANK DEPOSITORS— B%. 8& 8%, 8%. '.
Invest a few dollars In the Lemoore Land
and Fruit Growing company, which pays 8 per
cent per annum, payable 2 percent every three
months; next dividend payable April 1,-1896;
shares $10 each, in lots of one share and more.
Room 12, fifth floor, Mills building, S.F.
OTS IN -LEMOORE, 940 — ONLY 910
J down .balance $1 a week; send for list of cash
prizes giv en to purchasers; maps free.' Lemoore
Land Company, room 12, fifth floor, Mills building,
San Francisco. .-:.'..*:
SOL GETZ & BBOTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUABTERS FOR PARK LOTS
■ PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots. . . PPP
7 'To 93tt0 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
I O the park and Grand Boulevard; $10 down
and 95 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRU. •
ffl» QAA 9400, $450, 9500 TO 91100; CHOICEST
t*pOUU. lots north and south of the park, ready
to build on.from Ist ave. to 20th ave. and Point
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Afjlliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley ond Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ A BRO.
■ftIAA TO $250: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
XUU Mlsslon-st. and electric car Hues: only
910 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ A BRO. ■_
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ A BRO., Owners, '-77
Boom A, first floor, Crocker building.
RUITVALE TERMINAL TRACT — LOTS
$150 up; $5 cash, $5 per mo.; D. Pratt, Fruit-
vale sta. THE McCarthy CO.. 646 Market. S.F.
»■] Aw A DIAMOND ST.. NEAR ELECT RIC-
tJpJLUOU. cars; new cottage; suitable for small
family; large lot; - street work done; | easy-Germs;'
take Guerrero-street electric-cars, transfer 10 30th
st. for Castro-st. addition. Branch office of BALD-
WIN & HAMMOND at Castro and Chenery sts.
T AKEVIEW NEAR, MISSION (INGLESIDE)
MX electric-cars— Lots $10 per month. THE MC-
CARTHY COMPANY, 646 Market st
8 MORE LOTS SOLD THIS WEEK, 11 THE
O week before. Fruitvale Terminal Tract. Lots
9100 up. $5 per month. THE McCAR I'HY CO.
(' Ic. BEMIS, ' • ■
.* REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT, '
, 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE. , -,T7
120x195— NW. cor. ot A st. and 27th ave.; as a
whole or In subdivisions. "
■ $11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st; 65x
137:6 feet
92600— E. side of stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 23x100 feet.
9450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
96700— 50.\ 127 :6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
ing tho Presidio and bay. • . : ' -
I*oooo—2 modern • houses of 8 .rooms - each, at
park: 25x137 :6 feet; electric road passes houses;
maty? offer. '... >-.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont. - * '*
$400— Lot on Duncan St., bet. In oo and Castro: 25
xl 14 feet. .';-.'.*
" $8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
9300— Choice building lots north Of park.
i> FLATS. 13 ROOMS AND BATHS. BAY-WlN-
dow, manteis.etc, built for s32oo; 5-room cottage
and bath. $1500. JAS McCONAHAY.II49 Mission
C~ he a pe stTand best IN AMERICA— THB
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United Slates or Canada one year for 91 EO, post-
age free. .--■*- . *■'■.'■■■.-,■-.
— . dentists. : '
onestavorkTlowe^Trice^ "
•DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. i.
FULL SET OF TEETH, 97; WARRANTED
five years. DR. V. CAVALSKY, 24 "Sixth st-.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. Dfi_ H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ; ■■';_ yt "• \ .i ;
R. GEORGE W. . LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer 0? painless extraction
and patentee of Improved budge -work or- teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell sL
UNLESS EXTRACTION.",. 50c; "CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 vears'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815**i Geary.
f-tR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
Al work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. .
R. L. T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work * and teeth : without
pistes a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ave. .
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR.
ket bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: - artificial teeth
frm $5: fillings frm $1; extracting 60c. with gas $L
dT>7A SET FOR TEETH; WARRANTED AS
tjp I good as can be made; -filling 91. DR. SIMM:*
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
I \R. .LUDLUM HILu,, 1443 ; MARKET : ST.,
A J near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
(BOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
J ket st. r DR. CHA RLES W. DECKER. . - ; ;;j
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate ave.— Open 'evenings -.'Sundays till noon.
A LLi WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
JA ranted. DR. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market st.
.■.---•■■-- _ -- -- .-.::.■■ .■-■ . .. -■
country REAL ESTATE.
o'farrell & co., . • ..
David rush, country department
■,' 11 montgomery st.
a prosperous season is assured.
-'*- Grain will be a paying crop this year.
Vineyards and orchards will pay this year.
General farming will pay this year.
; . Stock raising will pay this year.
Land will never be as cheap again.
. LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS!
CM PER ACRE— 44O ACRES, 8 MILES NE.
'iP^'of San Miguel, in Monterey County, near the
line; all fenced and cross-fenced: houseand
2 barns: 100 acres cultivated, balance rolling
land, covered with oak timber; water from
. springs: troughs for cattle.-, ",
©QA PER ACRE— 200 ACRES 8 MILES FROM
xiptuxj Mountain View on county road, near Cu-
pertino; Qs/.j acres bearing Zlnfandel wine
grapes; 60 olives and 40 apples in full bear-
ing; about 30 acres cleared capable of culti-
vation, balance hill land with plenty of wood
and water; small house and chicken-bouse;
this place has a magnificent view and adjoins
Mr. P. Klein's celebrated vlnevard and in
close proximity to John T. Doyle"'s celebrated
Cupertino Vineyard; soli is a deep, rich,
loam; this ls a groat bargain.
".A ACRES FOR EXCHANGE, life". MILES
xjxj from Sebastopol, all out in orchard; flne
house, barn and Improvements; all stock and
tools; price $6000.
St. ■*"* A PER ACRE-ONE OF THE BEST STOCK,
«U*UV/ grain and alfalfa farms in Contra Costa
County, adjoining Marsh ranch, near Brent*-
wood: 660 acres; all fenced and cross-fenced;
house of 10 rooms; 3, barns, good outbuild-
ings, chicken-houses, windmill and tank,
blacksmith-shop, carriage-house ; small family
orchard and- vineyard; 15 acres in almonds
and prunes: new orchard; 200 acres of the
above are tule land; terms half cash.
-ftftAAA WILL BUY 145% ACRES ABOUT
tpuvuu* 8 miles from railroad and steamer
• lauding at Martinez, Contra Costa County,
on county road to Walnut Creek; 60 acres
are In Zlnfandel wine grapes 10 acres In
orchard full bearing; balance grain and
pasture land; well fenced and cross-fenced
into different fields: this place commands a
flne view of Ygnacla Vslley and Mount
Diablo; house of 5 rooms and attic; barn,
sheds, windmill and tank; water pipe to
house and Darn; this Is a profitable place and
our Mr. Bush is fully conversant with it;
some farming Implements go with the place.
■S.IJ.AA SEVEN. ACRES WITHIN 1%
tJP-LttUU. miles of courthouse at Santa Rosa;
6 acres ln hops; young family orchard ; flne
level rich bottomland: will grow anything;
nicely fenced but no bouse; part cash; great-
bargain. • <.'■ j■.
ffI.9AAA 4 ACRES HANDSOMELY IM-
t[p__-UUU. proved place in town of Novato.
Marin County; with nice house of 5 rooms
and pantry with an "L;" good barn; wood-
shed; chicken-houses; windmill and tank;
all out In bearing orchard.
Tj 7 CALL FOR BARGAINS.
T"<DWIN K. ALSIP A CO., \
' - } Sacramento and Saw Fbancibco.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
A good investment— Price $4500; the cheapest
little ranch In any of the bay counties: situated
below Palo Alto, l*/2 miles from railroad station:
all in -fine growth of 5-year-old orchard. just be-
ginning to bear, which will bring a neat income
this year; Improvements are good; investigation
will convince you that it is good income property,
besides a fine country home; soil, climate and
railroad facilities cannot be duplicated in any part
of the State; $800 down, balance easy yearly pay-
ments.
$4000—41 acres, a splendid piece of property,
which would make a lino roadside house; 12 acres
orchard, 2 acres in vineyard; large house Of 9
rooms; good, barn; fenced with wire fence; 2
horses, 1 cow, wagon, buggy, chickens, hogs and
all farming uteoiils; this Is a nice little place and
needs to be seen to be aporeciatea ; only 3 miles
from Napa City. - • ...... .
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
29, second floor, Mills building, .
" . San Francisco.
STABLISHED 16 YEARS
J-. " N. D. SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
latesc and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE la America.
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, Ban Francisco.
1?OR SALE OR TO RENT — CHICKEN
- ranch, San Mateo County- also 50 acres; will
subdivide to suit. Address F. box 84, this office.
"I A (/ACRES OF PRIME LAND, ONE MILE'
JLUU from Benicia; 10 acres of assorted fruit,
and all necessary improvements; this is en ele-
gant home; terms easy. J. B. MIHAN, 609
Kearny st.
N IDEALPLACE FOR CAM SUMMER
outing or poultry; 162 acres, only $10 per
acre; 40 mile, from this city and 2 ife miles from
station; never-failing salmon and trout stream;
3-room cabin and chicken house; plenty game and
deer. v
HUGH SHIELS. 602 Market St., Crocker bldg.
CHOICE PIECES OF TIMBER LAND TO
exchange country or suburban property ; will
! * assume mortgage or pay part cash. McEWEN
j BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
rpo FARMERS. '■
I A if you are not making mosey on your crops
! invest in. the Lemoore Land and Fruit Growing
Company; shares only $10 each in lots of 1 share
or more; paying 8 per cent annually; next quar-
terly dividend of 2 per cent payable April 1, 1896.
Oflice, room 12, fifth floor, Mills building, San
Francisco. -
Produce of all kinds taken in exchange for
shares. • • --.«-.
f\dft ACRES; GOOD HOUSE; BARN; GRAIN
"■i" bouse; chicken house; spring water piped
to house; large spring which will furnish all water
needed for irrigation; all fenced; no frosts; one-
quarter of this is the best of orange and lemon
land; very small first payment; long time, com-
mencing next fall; low interest ; price only $6 per
acre. WARNER A CO., 465 Ninth st., Oakland.
SHURST COLONY. ~~ I "~ ~
At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
I and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
1 before been offered. We have our own homes In
! this colony and are determined to surround our-
i selves with neighbors who wish at once to have
: schools and churches and reading-rooms In our very
I midst. . We have every facility for a grand devel-
opment. We make it possible for all who are en-
terprisin.g thrifty and industrious to make with us
homes of comfort and abundance. Address •
ASHURST COLONY,
'-' ■ ■ Room 10, Mills Building. S. F.
"JvTEAR HAYWARDS; 8 ACRES OF LAND
ai free; payment for improvements only: 10-room
house, barn, windmill, horse, vehicles, furniture,
tools and bearing fruit trees; price $3600.' For
full particulars apply to THOMAS McMAHON,
628 Market st. ■-... . .
RIZE BUY FOR A MILKMAN OR A FARM-
- er; 110 aores fenced, 49 acres included in a new
survey: 7 miles from Berkeley, on San Pablo
Creek, 1 mile from the town of Glorietta, on the
l line of the Col. and Nevada R. R. ; we will sell this
j property cheap ; 60 acres In hay. A. H. BLOW, 1010
! Broadway, Oakland.
I A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME:
tlpdt-fvf- ". new and stylish; nine large rooms;
gas fixtures and electric service; large grounds;
beautiful oak trees; perfect climate; a great bar-
gain. J. T. DUNN, 112 Montgomery st., S. F.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY. . '.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAI*
Beautiful young orange groves in trafcts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
(Stockton and Merced. - The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the. property has a per-
petual water right.
We are • prepared to sell portions of the property
cither unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property- Is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist, :
i who has received diplomas and medals at eight '
different county fairs In the State and for a small
i consideration cares for the orange groves lor non- ■
residents.* .
' A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
efforts excellent .sport for hunters.
Prices for land. including a perpetual water right
ana . planted to orange trees, $175 oer acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights, $79
peracre. • Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual- payments, - without interest; title per-
lect and liberal discount for cash. .
* • For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress -- *-■ ■*-.; t-
KASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.. '
. ■ *; . ■:•« b3B Market Street.
san Francisco, c»L
Or F.'T. KNEWING, our representative. <
--■ Oakdale, CaL
QQA ACRES --OF i.AND (UNIMPROVED),
*«t)U wood and water,inTuolnmneCounty;cheap
for cash. D. C. box 133, this oflice. -
"1 ITTLE HOMES'- CLOSE .TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; * easy- terms; also 4, 6 ■ and 12 aero
pieces on Hand 10 year.' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st.. 8. F.
MARIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from Sau Francisco. . , .y.:.-.4
Rancho de Novato. ' -
Tracts cut auy size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40. to $75 ner acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular. ..'.;
; Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. ' • ' "■
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF" ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER & WH ITTON. San Josa.
7}y, STORAGE
T\~PPLY~ FOiTrX'?.- R R IN gTFuRNL
ture, etc. SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market.
AMERICAN FURNITURE CO., 1127 MAR-
' ket: storage at. lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32. '
H. ROONY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
reduced rates: basement storage,sl 50 per load
TORAGE OF' FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC
R. F. OSBORN & CO.. 751 and 753 Market st. j
STORAGE OF FURNITURE. PIANOS, HO USE-
hold goods..etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS, y- 1710 ■'< MA tOK—
Storage; low rates r. telephone South 762. 4, .
BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
CONTINENTAL BU 1 LDIN G~A^ICoAN "is'
sociation— Home office, 222 Sansome st., S F,'
General savings A loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pn*.
Oliver l-ldridge V.Pr. ; W Corbin, Sec.& Geo.M*a
MONEY TO LOAN.
Vf ONEY.TO LOANT PRIVATE. 410 KEARNY
i-'-l st., room 6. .
DVANCESON DIAMONDSiJEWKLRY.ETO
Columbia Loan A Collateral Office, 9 Grant ave.
<£» 9 ?_AA WANTED, ON CITY" PROPERTY;
t£).__i'UU worth $0000; at 7 per cent. P., box 65,
CallOffice. f
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
a\- estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. X . ol.ttAN. 24 Montgomery, room. 2-3.
OW F'URNm RE - Oiri'iANO BY PRIVATE
party; low interest: strictly private". 215 Row-.'.!.
"J" OANS in SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
AJ Loan Association, cor Battery and Pine sts.
"\l ON V LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
iVn_,« er valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106_tlarketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
A' or piano; no removal; nodelavs; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Prl-
•vate^ffice rm. 68, Donohoe build g. 1170 Marketst.
"1 ST&2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN ES-
Atates;lowest rates;uoMelay.MUß_'HY.62B Mrkt. '
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos: lowest rate; call and
state your proposition or write: open evenings.
' - -- - ' J. NOONAN, 1021 Mission st.
■Js^AA AAA ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST
tiPUU-'yUUUrates. A.SCHULLER.6OB Montgy
MONEV TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR COL-
laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMON, 1.03 Mpntg.
A/f ORTG AGES] PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
IxX rants. SALOMON & C0.,328 Mont'gomry.r.2l4.
AKLAND LOANS ON REAL - ESTATE;
first mortgages secured on abort notice: cur-
rent rates of interest. HUGH M. CAMERON,
Broker. 479 Ninth st.. Oakland.
V AWNBEOK ERS. 7~~
AT 128 KEARNY ST., ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: p.-i-
-vate rooms; elevator; pledges for sal } cheap.
FINANCIAL. "^
i ©Taa aaa^---^*^ ____*_ nntjwSLi-
tgl lUU. cles. JOB. B. TOPLITZ, 380 Pine.
"I OANS ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AND
xx life Insurance policies; low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st.
~ IO EXCHANGE.
C A ACRES FRUIT AND VINES 40 MILES
OU from San Francisco for Oakland or Alameda
residence. L. box 18, Call Office.
XCHANOE BRITANNICA ENCYCLOPEDIA
with index and supplement complete, 29 vols.,
new cost $174; want piano, books or cash
Offer. Address KENYON. 586*4 Natoma st.
WILL GIVE VIOLIN FOR BICYCLE. AD-
dress H. A, box 136, Call Office.
OOD RENTING OAKLAND AND BERKE-
, ley property to exchange for land or ranches.
J. H. EPSON, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
. TO LEASE.
TO LET OR LEASE— " NW. TOWN-
send and Clarence sts., near railroad depot; ae
a whole or ln parts; building altered to suit tenant;
steam obtainable. Apply to BOVEE, TOY <fc
SONNTAG. 19 Montgomery st.
TO LEASE —ON MISSION ST., 3 LOTS;
splendid location for grain and lumber yard ;
rent a trifle. C, box 6, Call Office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL. K.TATE.
FOB SALE— S-ROOM COTTAGE; 26-FOOT
lot; Franklin St., near Sixth : centrally located;
cheap; price 600 one-half cash, balance mort-
gage. .
New 7-room 2-story house; 7-foot basement; lot
25x103; 2Sthst., 1 block from San Pablo cars;
must be sold; small cash payment; balance $30
per month.
Seven-room honse; new; with cement walks
and modern improvements; lot on north line of
37th St., near Telegraph ave.; lot 87:8x115; price
$2500: easy terms. Address RALEIGH A CO.,
460 Ninth st, Oakland. .
ARGE LIST OF COTTAGEB,;REBID ENCES
and lota Prices cut for quick sales; terms to
anlt, "see!" E. E. BUNCE, 1008 Broadwav,
Oakland. '
ANCHEft FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE.
Send for catalogue. E. E. BUNCE, .1008
Broadway, Oakland. . •
LEGANT RANCH NEAR REDDING; HIGH-
Iy Improved 620 acres for Oakland house. C.
K. KINO, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
AYWARDS— IO ACRES OR 20 ACRES;
half In fruit; very cheap. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
ACRES RIGHT IN WALNUT CREEK. CON-
tra Costa County ; $800 cash. C. K. KING. 902
Broadway, Oakland. . /.*
©0-:/\ CASH; ALMOST GIVEN AWAY:
tUOtIU a large lot in Lorin; sewered; owner
wants money; no agent. Address J. E. C, Golden
Gate Postofllce, Alameda County.
AVE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans; Oakland. Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want -to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots; land free and clear; will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland.
©QQKA RENTS $40 PER MONTH; MUST
»"P_i__UU. be sold before March 1: 3-story build-
ing; store and rooms; cottage ln rear: main street
in Oakland; one block from local train. Apniy
immediately WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth
st., Oakland. ...
17-INE House sacrificed; CENTRALLY
. located; near railroad station; well surrounded;
next to corner; 68x127: house of 9 rooms; ln
splendid order: very sunny; 2-story stable: room
for croquet grounds; clear property might be taken
in part payment or terms. HERON A HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway.
MODERN 7-ROOM HOUSE; LOT 50x109;
opposite residence of U. S. Senator George C.
Perkins: lovely view; mortgage $1600 can run;
will take $1200 for equity: good buy. E. E.
BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
<s_9oA BUSINESS CORNER LOT; SEV-
tj. __UU. enth street. Apply at store, 1548 Park
street, Alameda. -. •
Of* ACRES, SANTA CLARA COUNTY, AT
jujU Saratoga; 20 acres fruit; bouse and barn;
$5750; $800 cash, balance in trade.
Lot on Grove st. and Plymouth ave., Oakland;
50x116; very cheap. C. K. K1NG, 902 Broadway
35 1 AA CASH AND $20 PER MONTH WILL
-© JUU secure a new 5-room cottage; largelot;
close to station and electric cars; price $1800.
W. C. MORAN, Lorin station, Berkeley.
(2_IAA LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
tg) J.UU . come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
ffl»OA MONTHLY FOR 6-ROOM COTTAGES;
tjpZiU plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statu.
QA Xfi LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
tIDLUU. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: good- improvements.
H. B. PINNEY .owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
a WEEK'S NEWS ""foTT" cents — THE
-"A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM DA REAL ISTV l E.
FOR SALE— FINE HOME ON CENTRAL
ave., cost $11,500. now offered tor $9000,
choice property; lot 69x400 with water front.
wanted; fine investment in vacant lots. E. D.
.1 1." 1 ' 1 1424 Park St., Alameda.
€-9')AA $50- CASH, $22 60 MONTHLY: 5
; tJJ_j«Ulf. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
j tage.
i . $2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100: new
I cottage: >
I $3000— 550 cash: $30 monthly: 33:4x100; 5
] rooms and bath; handsome new cottage. -- -
$3250— 5200 cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
. gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
j bath. , *
$3500-S3OO cash, $35 . monthly; 53:4x100;
j handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and. bath.
I MARCUSE A REMMEL, Bay-st. station, Ala-
I meda and 628 Market St.. San Francisco.
fi_X F.A 40x160, STREET sew eh Ed AND
tFiJ-JU graded; $6200, business lot 50x150, tine
cottage, 6 rooms; 7-room home on Union st., bar-
gain. J. H. YOUNG. 1213 Park st., Alameda.
"^TALAMED_r~HOUSE.^ — LET. .."
LET— COTTAGE~OF 6 LARGE ROOMS;
i. all conveniences; high; partly finished base-
ment; garden; large lot; b^st location in Alameda,
being between Maetick (broad gauge) and Encinal
Park (narrow gauge) railroad stations; low rent.
Inquire 1437 McPherson St.. near Santa Clara ave.
;• Ri^l- 1. »_,_.__,_. A,.x\,\.A, i..-. 1 .-_. AE.
ON'T YOU WANT TO LIVE LONG ANO DIE
happy? then select your horn-, in beautiful
Berkeley: lots, and lots of them, for sale by JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station.
"Took at this-i HAVE FOR EXCHANGE
Tj for a small ranch a 6- room cottage; lot 120x
15*1 beautiful view; value $3000; mortgage
$1300. JOS. J.MASON, Dwight-way statiotr.
T HAVE OOP JUST WHAT YOU WANT; NEW
X house; thoroughly well built; large corner lot;
cars pass the door: and on your own terms. - JOS.
J. MASON, Dwight-way station. ;
TV" OFFER A FINE LOT ON HASTE ST.
xx for. $1000: one on Ililgard. nerr-U. C, for
$800. both with street work done; also one near
North -Berkeley station, $400. O. G. MAY A CO.,
Center st., Berkeley. ■■-•-.
SANTA *■', CLARA COUNTY.
',-T ,;. REAL ESTATE.
SA'^jrci^jpßT^^^fx^^i'f^rv
for sale or exchange for city property: large,
residence, well furnished; beautiful .grounds:
large oaks: suitable for gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boarding: with 160 acres or less;
stable, two cottages, outhouses, . pavilion, bored
well, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming Imple-
ments, wagons, I horses,* cows, plus, chickens; 30
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and "years; 70 acres in v. he it
and barley. _-*or price and fur. her particulars apply :
E. .Mi-i'irßHlE-offic* Lloyd Tevls, Mills bldg. y. &
Additional Classified : Adrtisevc*
ments on Page 12. 7 7
1112
HOUSES TO LKT.
000 FULTON — 8 » LABGE SUNNY' ROOMS
o_.-_.and bath, $35: cer. Shotwell and Twenty-
first. 10 rooms, bath. $30; 1137 Guerrero, 6 rooms,
bath,*2o- 134 Fifteenth, near Howard, 6 rooms,
bath, $20; 929 Natoma, 6 rooms, $16: 10.> Dia-
mond, cottage, 5 rooms, $16; cor. Kearny and
Cbestnnt. 8 rooms, fine view, $16. W. H. tiiiii
A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
TTOUBE, 7 ROOKS, BATH, MODERN IM-
-11 provements, 730 Capp st.; also house, 5 rooms,
modern, large stable, 107 Germania St., off Fill-
more. \
i>- 1 O CALIFORNIA ST.. NR. STEINER; 7
Z.QXA. rooms; bath; large billiard-room laun-
dry and servant's room; sun in every room; rent
low on lease. MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market.
-l c l-O JONES — BAY - WINDOW MODEBN
10i__. house of 7 rooms: large basement; yard;
fine marine view; half-block from Jackson-st. cars.
1 .70 l HYDE ST.. COR. VALLEJO-S
J. I __-_. bouse 7 rooms and bath ; cheap.
A f)n MODERN 7 _ BATH; YARD;
t^ —U. garden. 2316 Webster sit-
ODERN HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS, BESIDES
kitchen, wine-cellar, storeroom, etc.; garden
front and rear: sun all day; location sheltered;
superb marine view; 10 minutes' walk to centerof
city; convenient to cars; don't fail to inspect this
house before making a selection: rent reasonable.
P. J. KENNEDY, 11 Montgomery st.
,-.•- EDDY— FIRST-CLASS DOWNTOWN 2-
UOI story corner residence 10 rooms: any re-
quirements of a first-class tenant favorably con-
sidered; rent low.
-1 • . • L • 1 PINE. _ NEAR HYDE-TWO-STORY
1 _ jLU'Z house 5 rooms; cheap. Apply room 15,
Fhelan building.
on MARY, NEAR FIFTH AND MISSION -3
A.U rooms, double parlors, $12; also 4 rooms. $14.
rr, 1 LET— ELEGANT NEW MODERN HOUSE,
1 9 rooms and bath and finished basement; Jack-
sou St., bet. Laurel and Locust: marine view; rent
reasonable. WILL E. FISHER 4 CO., 14 Post.
ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 "ROOMS;
large casement : reasonable.. 816 McAllister.
-1 _AQ BCSH, NEAR POLK — HOUSE 6
J.'xxJO rooms, bath. Inquire at 1.407 Bush st.
9l 1 GEARY — HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS AND
__. X 1 bath; rent reasonable;. key at 217 Va.
1 _!*•__"_ MISSION— SUNNY SIDE BAY-WIN-
J UoU dow house of 10 rooms.
aqa 8 ROOMS : MOD-ERN.CON VENIENCES;
.7. ix 1. tine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant ave
'- I AND 73 SHIPLEY ST.— 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
( 1 $1^
S I 5 ELEVENTH AVE.. COR R. R. AVE.;
010. 10 rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 534*.*.
California st. *.
BA B HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN «&
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st. ■
FURNISHED HOUSES.
MI I.L VALLEY: GEM OF A COTTAGE FUR-
i'J nisbed to lei for four months: trees and flow-
ers : see pbotoeraph. G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14
Montgomery st.
CO i TAGES TO LET.
-TV - 1, . lTTATiiiTa^TAY^srTi
1 1 .0 U . near cor. Clay and I'owell.
J-ROOM COTTAGE; LARGE YARD. 2301
tt Polk st., near Green.
"I 90 FAIR OAKS ST. — LOVELY* SUNNY
I— «J cottage with garden: rent $15.
9 COTTAGES: BAY-WINDOW; aUNNY; MOD-
— ern: planked basement: yard; rent reduced.
726 Fulton st.
. OTTAGE, NEARLY ScEW; FIVE ROOMS,
V bath, latest improvements; line stable and
bam; yard planked. 828 Hampshire st., near
Twenty-second.
Q.Q - COTTAGE 3 ROOMS ON PROSPECT
xlp'J. ave. Apply 75 California ave., bet. Twen-
ty-seventh and Twenty-eighth sts., near Mission.
C* ''ORNER AND ADJOINING BAY-WINDOW
J cottages: 4 rooms; just finished. Point Lobos
ave. and Collin^ >:.
OTTAGE: 4 ROOMS; BATH; BASEMENT:
garden. 127 Chattanooga st., bet. 22d and 23d;
electric-cars pass the door.
SUNNY~BAY-WINDO*.V COTTAGE FLAT: 6
large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
C-iOl TAGE OF 4 ROOMS. .21 BYINGTON ST.,
) bet. Fillmore and Webster, Ellis and O'Farrell.
QAA COTTAGE OF FOUR ROOMS AND
•V xA. bath. 1831 Union, near Laguna st.
979Q BRYANT AVE.. BET. TWENTY-
— lAO lifib and Twenty-sixth sts.— Cottage. 7
rooms and bath: large basement, garden, yard and
stable; all in perfect* order: rent low to right
party. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN it CO., 14 Mont-
guaiery st.
FLATS TO L*. ..
ftT7~SlTvl^V_TnbNTH7^^ 7~ROOMS;
Oil and bath $20 00 j
282. Howard— Lower; 5 rooms; bath 20 00 i
2618 Mission— Upper; 6 rooms; bath 22 50 i
207 Second— Upper; 7 rooms. ". 18 00
134 Thirteenth Lower; 4 rooms; bath 1600 j
II McLea court— 4 rooms; bath 15 00 |
4S7*-/_ Fulton— Upper; 4 pleasant r00m5.... 15 00
423Va Mississippi— Lower: 4 rooms; bath.. 14 00
la Elliot park— Upper; 4 rooms 13 00
W. U. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery st,
1 Ql = AND 1917 PACIFIC AVE..NR. ('OUGH
l«yl«J st. — Upper ami lower flats; 8 rooms and
bath .a_h: modern improvements: mar view;
rent reasonable. BOVEE, TOY" it SONNTAG, 19
Montgomery st.
} PLATS TO SUIT— PART OF CITY";
central.convenient. economical; Sacramento St.,
below Mason; sunny. Apply 320 Sansome St., rm. 4.
9037 BAKER, bet. Washington and
*."d I Clay— Elegant, new, modern, very sunny
flat: choice neighborhood; 4 car lines.
UNNY' FLAT; 5 BOOMS AND BATH. 114*/
Page st.
1 ICI GUERRERO, COR. T~W EXT Y -
11*11 fourth— 6 rooms, bath, porch, basement,
good water; $16.
pAV -1 EPS FROM CITY HALL; elegant
A flat of 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
YKW FLAT, 3 hOOMS; $11; WATER FREE.
-^ Anply 1325 Washington st., near Jones.
'.) LARGE SUNNY ROOMS: BATH; BAY*- WIN-
O dow: yard: upper flat; $10. 1025 Capp St., near
Twenty-sixth.
I" " LA I OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENT $16.
248-,^ Clara st.
I'LAT 3 ROOMS IN GOOD ORDER; REAR;
rent low. P. C. MALLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
9 rooms: Bath. 409V£ thirteenth st.,
0 above Valencia.
I* LAT 9 ROOMS; RATH WITH SALT WATER;
modern Improvements; rent $45. 915a Post st.
9*l 1 PAGE-FLAT 5 BOOMS; BATH: ALL
— -11 modern Improvements: rent cheap. ?',?r*.
"0 1~9 BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 4 ROOMS,
•_ I_. bath: yard. 137 Fair Oaks St., near 23d.
7 T9 _ OCTAVI A , NEAP. MCALLISTER—
X — gum lower flat, *> rooms, bath, modern im-
provements, brick basement.
99 SIXTH— UPPER FLAT, 5 ROOMS,
•' — — bath, yard; front and rear entrance; rent
$13. - .
MIDDLE FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH; NORTH-
east <;or. Folk and Jackson sts.
9Q VALLEY"— 6 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
—'J latest improvements.
"PARTIES WISHING TO RENT A HOUSE OR
A tia'. call at FARRELL A CO.'S, 11 Montgom-
ery st. .->:.-. -
T7-ELL STREET, No. ASA. NEAR LAGUNA—
A Leant sunny flat, just finished; 6 rooms,
bath, porcelain tubs and sinks, tiling, el- ctric con-
nections; rent reasonable to reliable parties..
m- .. CLAY— ELEGANT UP-TO-DATE 8-
I room flat: all latest improvements: very
sunny; marine view; reasonable rental.
&'_>- EDDY— 7-ROOM FLAT; IRA LARGE
'hJ and roomy; all conveniences; centrally lo-
cated; rent $32 50; water free.
LOWER FLAT— COR. THIRTEENTH AND
xx Folsom sts.; & rooms and bath; large cellar fit
for business; rent to suit tenant.
1 IOG SCOTT ST., NEAR EDDY— UPPEB
J -- - l -'C' flat; 6 rooms and bath; sun all day; rea-
sonable. - .
LOW ER FLAT; 4 ROOMS; $13. 52731 GEARY
street. •
CHOICE SUNNY ROOMS, BATH AND ALL
Q modern improvements; $20. 1708b Hyde st.
14; 1 9 7 ROOMS, BATH, RANGE, :ETC; UP-
*>Tl^" per flat. Jersey and Sanchez sts.
"VTEW FLAT; RENT 983 50. 552 CHURCH
A^ sU, cor. Hancock, near Eighteenth.
SUNNY' COTTAGE. ft ROOMS, BATS AND
large yard and basement. 2429 Post st.
Mil. FLAT: 3 OR 4 NICE SUNNY' ROOMS.
.11l 220 Halght st,
OFFER WANTED; BRAND NEW 7-ROOM ED
corner flat. 915 Haves st., or SPECK <fc CO.
SUNNY UPPER FLAT; ALL MODERN IM-
pryvements; bay-window. 714 Ridley st.
UPPER FLAT OF 8 ROOMS: MODERN IM-
provements; central location. 615 McAllister.
DECORA! ED MODERN 5-ROOM FLAT; SUN
all day. 847 Capp at., near Twenty-fourth.
UPPER FLAT: 7 ROOMSTBATH: MODERN
Improvements; $26. 1617 butter st.
L'IKST FLOOR— 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
A unfinished basement ; $16: clean and in gooa
repair; quiet, attractive, private street. DEMP-
-81 It, 36 Glen Park ave., off Twelfth st.
A MODERN FLATS NEAR THE PARK- 5
" rooms and bath ; rent $15 to $20. Boy at prem-
ises, 1909 McAllister st., or 529 Frederick.
<&■■)*> Z.ft 2 FLATS, 8 ROOMS. BATH; 2
tJ'-.Zi.QU. sets doable parlors; modern. 1775
Mission st.
ICE m DERN flat, 4 rooms: RENT
J-l reasonable; $15. 6 Dearborn st., off Seven-
teenth, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
90 7-209 WEBSTER — SUNNY FLaTS OF 6
AUK and 7 rooms; modern conveniences; r.nt
reasonable.
QOA UPPER FLAT. 6 ROOMS, BATH. 119
xp— U. William St., near Taylor and Post-
-4' -ROOM: UPPER: NEW; SUNNY; FRONT-
-1 ing panhandle. 1622 Fell St., near Lott.|
A O SOUTH PARK— UNFURNISHED FLAT,
1 U 4 rooms, $10; furnished flat, $13.
79*. MCALLISTER - FITatT6ROOMS; LAUN-
K AU dry; bath; rent $30.
VEAR CITY HALL — 2 SUNNY FLATS; 8
Ax and 6 rooms; $21, $25. 147 and 713 Grove st. |
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
A-IQ. NEW MODERN SUNNY FLAT OF 6
«P1 O. rooms, batb. 133 San Jose ave., nr. 24th.
A I <«T DESIRABLE FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
M with bath and all modern improvements;
1635 Bush st.;. rem $30. MADIsON A BURKE,
agents. '
WEBSTER-3 NICE FLATS, 6 8., BATH,
4 r., bath, 3 r. ; rent cheap to good tenants.
?5 - ABY HAPPYTmXmMA SATISFIED: PAPA
A) contented; flat rented from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
Q A A UPPER FLAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS,
<plTt. cor. Twentv-tbird and Castro sts.;
also 6-room flats, cor. Fifteenth and Noe sts. ; new
and modern. . -
ATORTHWEST COR. EIGHTEENTH ST. AND
IN Clara ave.: sunny upper flat, 6 rms: bath: $20.
UNNY FLAT, 8 ROOMS: YARD; WATER
0 free; rent $12. 366 Third st. .-■ ■
TJ-LAT, ROOMS, HEALTHY LOCATION,
A $14 ; cottage. 4 rooms, yard, $11. 629 Second
St., near Brannan.
QA 17 FLAT, 1207a BUsH: 6 ROOMS, BATH,
rjpl . . gas, bay-windows. Apply 1211b Bush st.
V LEG ANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
_Ci low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
-1 ".] '*.- MISSION, NEAR ELEVENTH—
i.OX«);» sunny, papered rooms: bath; laundry;
very cheap. ■
*L"LAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS, BATH, 1613
X Folsom st., near Twelfth.
T. 1 Q AND $14—1124 AND 1110 STEVENSON,
»J)10 near Herman; nice flats; cheap rent.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
-_\- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING HuOJIS.
California Street.
1 AQA CALIFORNIA — TWO HOUSEKEEP-
I"IO-± ing rooms and kitchen; gas; bath; stove:
running water; $15. ■
Clay Street.
©"IO 3 FINE SUNNY ROOMS WITH YARD.
xpxxuui. 2419 Clay st., near Fillmore.
Eddy Street.
91 O EDDY— 2 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
aixO ing; rent $12; private place.
009 EDDY— BAY-WINDOW AND ALCOVE
UOaj sunny room, and others; housekeeping.
• Eleventh Street.
AAA ELEVENTH— E LEGANTLY FUR-
- 111 nished front sunny nay-window room and
handsome- kitchen, complete for housekeeping;
bath; every convenience; quiet neighborhood.
Folsom Street.
C 1 "I FOLSOM— I OR 2 FRONT ROOMS FUR-
«JII nished for housekeeping: bath; cheap.
"Fourth treet.
JO"- FOURTH— 2 HOUSEKEEPING. 1 SUN-
■xOO ny front and 1 single room, $5; private.
Franklin (street.
A 1 C FRANKLIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
Tlu room; running water: use of bath: gas.
Guerrero Street.
71 GUERRERO ST.— 3 MODERN UNFUR-
III nished rooms; hasstove and linoleum;
private family. . ' .
Harrison Street.
7QQ HARRISON,' NEAR FOURTH— 3HOUBE-
I OO keeping rooms; large yard; $13.
Howard Street.
II A 9 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FRONT FUR-
-1 J/xzAi nished housekeeping rms. : rent $10 to $15.
"I Ql r. HOWARD— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS-
IOItV for light housekeeping; use of bath, laun-
dry, yard: no children. ;
1 flft A HOWARD— 2 ROOMS COMPLETE FOR
IOuT housekeeping; gas; private family ; rent
reasonable. _____^____
979' HOWARD— 4 SUNNY ROOMS AND
__l__<) bath for housekeeping^ ' '
Jessie Street.
0 ft JESSIE— FLOOR OF 3 NICE ROOMS.UN-
U*JU furnished; yard; cellar; rent $12.
Leavenworth Street.
90 LEAVENWORTH— TWO SUNNY' CON-
— UO necting rooms with use of kitchen.
mission street. .
OA MISSION, XR. SECOND— FRONT ROOM
•JUI and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
1 A<*4 HOUSEKEEPING ROOM;
JL.U^'i running water, bath; $7.
1 '-.9ft MISSION— 2 OR 3 PLEASANT HOUSE-
IO-.U keeping rooms; iarnished.
Oak Street.
I 97 OIK— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
__ 1 very reasonable.
Octavia Street.
X9l OCTAVLA.— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS
«-)— .l furnished complete for housekeeping; with
bath; private family.
arrell Street.
pcin O'FARRELL— UPPER FLOOR; 4 OR 5
U__ I rooms and bath; light housekeeping: ref.
090 O'FARRELL— FOUR NICE BOOMS FOR
0_«_) housekeeping; call 9 to 12.
■ Severn It Street.
1 Of* SEVENTH— 2 LARGE ROOMS, FL*R-
IOU nished complete for housekeeping; yard.
1 jo SEVENTH — LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING
AAA rooms; also single or en suite; suitable for
a doctor. . *..- ■■-■;■*
Shotwell Street.
91 7 SHOTWELL-2, 3 OR 4 FURNISHED
— 1 I rooms complete for housekeeping; gas- and
bath.
Silver Street.
cxn SILVER— 3 SUNNY ROOMS AND 2
i-U stalls; rent $10.
Twenty-third Street.
Ql A TWENTY-THIRD, near DOLORES— 3
Ox A sunny rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
Twenty-sixth Street.
nCI TWENTY-SIXTH — LARGE FRONT
xl'i housekeeping suites nicely furnished; $9
aud $11. ' v
Van Ness Avenne.
71 A V AN NESS AVE. — 3 COMPLETELY
I JLU furnished housekeeping rooms, $20.
Welsh Street.
114. WELSH. OFF FOURTH— 4 NICELY
1-1 j: furnished housekeeping rooms ; yard ; cheap.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
ag free. . .
ROOMS TO LEX.
Brannan Street.
A99 FURNISHED ROOM; USE
AJj£ of stove; $1 per week.
Bush Street.
1 1 07 BUSH— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
11" • every comfort; bath and gas; reasonable.
Devisadero Street.
1 ftftO DEVISADERO, COR. GOLDEN GATE
IUUO ave.— Furnished sunny rooms for invalid,
or single gentlemen.
- ddy Street.
9Q EDDY. OPP. TIVOLI — FURNISHED
AjO suite: also double and single rooms: gas.
"I 1 Q BEAUTIFUL FRONT SUITE;
HO other clean sunny rooms, $5 up.
Eighth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
COQ ELLIS— SINGLE . FRONT ROOM FOR
QUO gentleman, ; $6: large one, $8: private family.
Folsom street.
090 FOLSOM, FOURTH— FURNISHED
OtuU rooms from $1 a week.
m-l sum. NEAR . — LARGE
ArtJ.xJ'z alcove room; running hot and cold
water; bath; gas and electricity; modern.
Fulton Street.
lift PULTON— LARGE DOUBLE' SUNNY
ill) room: housekeeping If desired; $7.
Geary Street.
917 GEARY — SINGLE UNFURNISHED
aL, L K room; rent reasonable; key 217%, rear.
91 «, GEARY— FRONTSUITE; NICELY FUR-
AilAxJ nisbed; sellable for offices or other business.
At Q GEARY — UNFURNISHED FRTTn~T
Hi. suite, suitable for doctor. or dentist; also
other rooms with" privileges of housekeeping.
\*-P\ GEARY— SUNNY ROOMS, SUITE AND
0 LO single: parlor and bedroom; others; offices.
II Al GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AVE.. THE
11U J Martinet: first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly fitted; breakfast if desired.
older. Gate Avenue.
91 ft °LDEN GATE AVE.— SUNNY FUR-
£xU nished front rooms for gentlemen.
OQO GOLDEN GATE — ELiiGANTLY - FOR-
UOO nished rooms; single and suites.
1 1 90 c GATE AVE.— LARGE SUN-
XX4.U ny front room rent $6. - . ..
Haight Street. .
A 7 HATGHT-1 OR 2 PLEASANT FRONT
X I furnished rooms; use of bath; privilege of
light housekeeping; private: references.
! Harrison Street. Ti'T.;
7791 HARRISON — FINELY FURNISHED
, • •42 sunny rooms; batb, closet, yard; f 1 weefc. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Uowarii Street.
copri HOWARD— BEDROOM AND LARGE
ijAU.O'4 kitchen; front; very reasonable; closets;
water. ■ ■ • - * . •
5!~ i HOWARD— 2' FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
Ox nished rooms.
rrOAl HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
I Uls bay-window, other double, single rooms;
reasonable.
Q9QI HOWARD, NR. FIFTH— LARGE. ELE-
OajQ'Z gantly furnished front room: bay-win-
dow, grate, bath, privileges; rent only $8.
191 71 HOWARD— LARGE ROOM; SUIT-
-1 — 1 i 3 able for 1 or 2 men: gis; bath; private.
91 9 HOWARD— SUNNY WELL FUR-
__ 1 __ I nished rooms; $9, $10, $18; elegant par-
lors, $22 60.
y/Pp; Jones Street. .
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
j-iU K management; , elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; baih, etc.; $10 to $30:
OAK JONES— LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
QUO room: running water; gas; private family.
Jessie Street. *_ T
CQ9 JESSIE— LARGE AND SMALL SUNNY
OOjUI rooms; gas; bath; cheap.
Kearny Street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEA9-
ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
Larkin Street.
A9QLAR K I N — NICELY FURNISHED
zi-uO suites: single; running water; bath; gas.
79 Q LARK I -LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
I uuiO sunny room for gentlemen. •
Of\A LARKIN — BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
QUI.' mantel; 2 closets: new sunny flat. : '<■ -,-;-.'..
QftA LA IN — LARGE, SUNNY ROOM
Ovr*_r neatly furnished for 2 persons; $7 50.
1 900 LARK IN — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
A—UU nished front room, $8; sliinle rooms, $5,
VnilE CRAIG HOUSE, COR. LARKTn AND
-L First-class furnished rooms; every con-
venience. ■ 'N.-.
Liberty Street.
97 LIBERTY— TWO ROOMS IN PRIVATE
Ai K family.
Market Street.
"V^OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
A Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; .per
night. Ssc to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5: families
Minna street.
OOQ MINNA, BET. SEVENTH AND
UO.J Eighth— Furnished sunny room; rent $5 a
month.
(xf\7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY" FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient.
Mint Avenue.
5 MINT AVE. — (NEW MANAGEMENT)
Sunny suite and single; terms very moderate.
Mission street.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
1 91 9 MISSION— LARGE FRONT SUNNY
XaujXa^ alcove room; suitable for 2; reasonable.
1 9Q MISSION — NIC!. furnished sun-
J_tl__j"7 ny rooms: single or suite. .
Montgomery Avenue.
41 Q MONTGOMERY AVE.— NEWLY FUR-
TlO nisbed rooms; suite and single; gas,
bath, etc. BS__*JSI
• Ninth Street.
m NINTH— SUNN Y BAY'-WINDOW ROOM ;
AAO folding-bed; grate; central: lower flat.
O'Farrell Street.
Q9"; O'FARRELL - NICELY • FURNISHED
xJ£jO sunny room; running water; suitable for 2.
Pine Street.
r>9l PINE— BAY-WINDOW ROOM. GRATE
U^JL and gas, $10; single and double, $6 and $8;
quiet.
Polk Street.
17 POLK — SUNNY ~~ FRONT ROOMS, OR
J- 4 single: $4 up; also housekeeping.
Ary\ POLK — SLEEPING, HOUSE-
AO I keeping, or board; desirable; very cheap.
Post Street.
907 POST-PLEASANT FURNISHED SUN-
___U I ny rooms; suitable for downtown clerks.
'".(H POST— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY'
OU x rooms; single, or en suite; rates reasonable.
C97 POST — FRONT PARLOR: i NEATLY'
O-jK furnished; suitable for 2; rent $12.
Powell Street.
1 '1 POWELL— THE COLUMBIA — NICELY
I«J2 furnished sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
Sixth Sireet.
1 OQ SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
xUCj rooms; double or single: clean; quiet: $5 up.
Sixteenth Street.
9Q09 SIXTEENTH, cor. HOWARD —
__.OU__J Single furnished room for gentleman; $1
per week.
South Park.
1 O SOUTH . PARK— W ELL FURNISHED
IU front room; $5.
Stockton Street. _■_•',.'
A 1 7 STOCKTON— LARGE, SUNNY', FRONT,
Ax I bay-window room, $10: 2 unfurnished; con-
venient.
Taylor Street.
QOQ TAY'LOR — SUNNY' UNFURNISHED
UUO bay-window room; grate; gas: board.
Third Street- -.*.—
WINCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD. NEAR
»> Market: most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night ; *1 50 to $6 perweek;
electric lights in every room : reading r'm : free bus.
9 A THIRD, ROSTER HOUSE— FURNISHED
a. UO rooms, single and suites and $16 up.
Valen«-1 • Street
90 P: VALENCIA— SUNNY FURNISHED
AjUO room; running water and bath; rent $7.
Webster Street.
-I 99 WEBSTER. COR. HAIGHT— 2 SUNNY
X.Aj~i rooms; light housekeeping; modern con-
veniences. . :*>-."-'
Miscellaneous.
"VTTCELY FURNISHED FRONT AND BACK
li parlor, suitaole for doctor or dentist; good loca-
tion. Address Dr.. box lb, Call.
..A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-_\. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
H"~ANDSO 3£eH^ONT'~A BAC iTjPARLO
warm belt of the Mission; bath; gas; piano;
breakfast; use of private team; references ex-
changed; $10 per month. 529 Noe st.
AftA LOTT, TWO - LOCKS FROM BAKER—
ttU-o: Sunny rooms with board. -; :.* pzyy:
OTEL BERTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. ' ' y
CHILDREN BOARDED.
1 OR 2 CHILWREfT^R~XN >^INFANT~ > TO
1 board; nice home; mother's care; best of refer-
ences; room for parent if desired. 1205 Laguna.
Y RESPECTABLE LADY.I OR 2 CHILDREN
to board; mother's care; terms moderate. Ap-
ply 120d Juniper st., bet. Tenth and Eleventh, off
Harrison.
ADY WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 SMALL* CHlL-
dren or an Infant to care for; best references.
803 Church St., near Twenty-second.
STOR. TO LET.
H9^T^EAR_N*F^LARGE^T^ AND 2
O+jX basements; $150. 515 Third-Store, 2
rooms and basement; $40. W. H. CRIM A CO.,
118 Montgomery st»
TORE TO LET— 9 STOCKTON ST., NEAR
Market; at present occupied: store will be va-
cant in a few weeks. Apply MRS. S. MISH, 133
Kearny st. :'../..■.
X991 SIXTH-STORE; 3 ROOMS; LARGE
OA-Ai'ZyATA', suitable for business or family:
rent $12.
CORNER STORE: LIVING-ROOMS AND
fixtures; reasonable. 500 Ninth st.
AA ft KEARNY— LARGE AIRY STORE AND
Trier fine oflices: light manufacturing; liberal
inducements. -
-QJTORK, * WITH LARGE SHOW-WINDOW;
C5 handy for office or other business; cheap rent.
318 leaven worth st.
y '/. . 777 STOKE WANTED.
•nTANTED— ASJTORE W~ITIIi_IVING-ROOMs",
'" suitable for branch bakery and notions. Ad-
dress M. 1)., 205 Seventh st.
:'/ OFFICES TO let.
Dentists^suite^f^oo^is~ftjenHh^
to suit; bath, gas; new house. 418 Montom-
ery ave. ' ... '
"L"> LEGANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
-Li man will be vacated on March 1, at 860 Mar-
ket st., cor. Stockton; first floor.
ELEGANT OFFICES IN'nEW. SPRECKELS
J building, 925 - Market: rents low-, no extra
charge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply:
at building or O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montg. st.
ATTttB.NBIB-AT-LAff.
DVICEFFfiEE^DIVORC^^
alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
TJ. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
law; advice free. • 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
"ty W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- AT-LAW,
, »» California it., ran. 14-11; advice fret.
I.DI CAT lONAL
SPANISH. FRENCH AND GERMAN ACADE-
O my: Castilian, Parisian and Vienna professors;
3 lessons week ; $3 month. 1170 Market, room 37.
PRACTICAL INSTRUCTION IN MENTAL
science, by DR. F. J. MILLER and W. J. COL-
VI LLE, 922 Geary st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline,- banjo. 1707 Market.
SPANISH, FRENCH, ETC.; PROF. Dn* FIL-
IPPE'S Academy Languages'. 320 Post; est. 1871
GUITAR, MAN~DOLIN7PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
A ing. shorthand, etc. Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
STUDENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
sity, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-336 Pheian building.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged : pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0.F. block. 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL CIVIL, MINING, ME- \
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
V taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 226 Geary .reasonable
PaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer.'ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
Al SCHOOL;HEALD'S BUM. o'_LLEl'E;_*4
Xx Post .-commercial, shorthand, Encllsh: low ra'es
\'iOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
-1 sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1046*/ a Valencia.
CHEMISTRY* AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-'
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
PIANO LESSONS: CLASSICAL COURSE AND
simple music taught; accompanists taught;
lessons 50c. Call 9t012 a. m.. 30 Ninth st.
MISS "iKILTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRA-
mento— Board. English, French, German,
piano; #30 month; kindergarten under new man-
agement: coach. . ':* ■
ENGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS, ENG-
J lists literature a specialty. MISS BOUL.STON,
724 O'Farrell st.
LOCCTfoN— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSI-
•LJcaI culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
■ClißiiElil-.R. 299 Hyde St.: call after 1 p. M.
HORSES.
SPAN OF PERFECTLY MATCHED ARA-
O biau mules, well adapted for advertising pur-
poses. For particulars inquire at Laumeister
Mills. 203-207 Mission st.
I,' INE SOUND HORSE, HARNESS AND AL-
most new delivery wagon; a bargain. 243
Filteenth st., near Mission. • 1
I * SET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
0 Horses, mules, wagons, buggies and harness.
*] SI-CLASS "PAST L*"BA''K:"f LENT WATER
-Land feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
"1 r.ft SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
IOU ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
ORSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and feed ; send for circular. The Hj'de
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
D" R. C. IL WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
►,*eon for S. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hall ave.: telephone south 401.
Aft HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAOON-J
xU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
"1 HO SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALI.
xUU kinds: second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia its.
BIRTHS— DEATHS. ;
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed in at
either of the publication oflices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of person authorized ,
to have the same published.]
BOKN. ,
ANDERSON— February 5, 1896. to the wife of F.
C. Anderson of South San Francisco, a daughter.
ARMSTRONG— In this city. February 21. 1896,
to the wife of William H. Armstrong, a daughter.
CLE ABY— In this city, January 29. 1896, 10 the
wife of Thomas Cleary, a daughter.
DE LA CUESTA— In this city, February 18, 1896,
to the wife of P. de la Cuesta, a son.
DIXON— In this city, February 7, 1896, to the
wife of S. W. Dixon, a daughter.
DOWNEY— In this city. February 16, 1896, to the
wife of Timothy J. Downey, a son.
HAMILTON— In this city February 9, 1896, to
the wife of James Hamilton, a son.
HANEKE— In this citv, February 5, 1896, to the
wife of George W. Haneke, a son.
HAWKINS— In this citv, January 22, 1896, to the
wife of George Hawkins, ■ son.
KELLY*— In this city, February 20, 1896, to the
wife of James Kelly, a son.
KENNEDY— In thiscity, February 6, 1896, t0 the :
wife of William J. Kennedy, a son.
KRAUSE— In this city, February 19. 1896, to the
wife of L. Krause, a son.
MARSH ALL-In thiscity. February 17, 1896, to
the wife of John Marshall, a son. ■ :•.
MARRIED. '..
DESSAU— DAMMES-In this city, February 19.
1^96, in the pastor's study of the New Jerusalem
Church, by the Rev. F. L. Higgins, Henry F.
Dessau and Mrs. Clara D. Dammes, both of San
Francisco.
FLINN-GORMAN-Febrnary 17, 1896, by the
Rev. Father McGinty, Hubert F. Fllnn and An-
nette T. Gorman.
FRICKE— WAGELE— In this city, February 10,
1896. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John F. Frlcke
and Doris Wagele.
KINK ETON— In this city, February 20,
1896. at the residence of the bride's mother,
by the Rev. Horatio Stebbins, Charles A. Kin-
ketin and Bertha A. Fuller, youngest daughter of
the late W. P. Fuller.
NOPANDER— BREWER— In thiscity, February
22, 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Louis N.
Nopander and Mrs. Mary Brewer.
OLSON— GOEPEL-In Oakland, February 18,
1896. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Andrew Ber
01809 and Lillle Goepel. '.I -.»".-
SANDS-SCHOENEWALD-Tn this city, Febru-
ary 16, 1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Robert
J. Sands and Lina Schoenewald.
SCHRANK— HUBER— In this city, February 22,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, George W.
Schrank and Frances A. Huber.
SHINKWIN— PYNE— In this city, February 17.
1896, by the Rev. Father Casev, John Shinkwln
and Nellie A. Pyne, both of San Francisco. "
SPECKTER-KLINGE-In this city, Februarv 19,
1896, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John Speckter
and Hannah J. Klinge. v; -
STAMM-SCHUDEL-In this city, February 22, J
1896. by ihe Rev. J. Fuendeling. Christian Wil- |
liam Stamni and Emma SchudeL
_____
m...,.
Brown, May I. Lord, Major J. S.
Brown. William H. McPartlln, James
Bullard, Samuel W. Martin. Ada S.
Coles, Lizzie Oswald, Hannah
Cuenin, Francis Pumyea, Peter
Dann, Anna M. Robertson. Eugenia A.
Esberg, Mandel Simon, Lulu
Hesselmeyer, Theodore Simpson, James
Hoadley. Charles H. Skelly, Michael
llynes. John : \ Snook. Jane C.
Jones, Oliver Spaulding.Hadassah M.
Keegan, John Whipple, William H.
BROWN-In this city, at the Potrero, February
22, 1896, William H., beloved son of Louis and
Mary Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
months and 6 days.
BROWN-In Oakland. February 22, 1896, May I.
Brown, a native of California, aged 18 years 3
months and 23 days. .•,-.:
BULLARD-in this city, February 22, 1896, Sam-
uel W., beloved child of S. E. and Mary Bullard.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 9
months.
COLES— In this city, February 22, 1896, Lizzie
Coles, a native of New Brunswick, aged 33 years.
Friends and acquaintances of hers and of
. Mrs. Samuel Gardner are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral TO-MORROW (Monday),.at 2
0 clock p. xs.. from the residence of Mrs. Samuel
Gardner, 1308 V 3 Greenwich street.
CUENIN— In this city, February 21. 1896, Francis
Cuenin, a native of France, aged 31 years and 8
months. [Calaveras papers please copy.]
«fS-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p.m., from Masonic
Temple.
DANN-In Oakland. February 20. 1896, Anna M..
wife of Nels P. Dann, and daughterof -Hector
and Elizabeth Morrison, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 38 years.
Fnends and acquaintances are resnect- -
fully Invited to attend the fnneral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the residence
other parents, 1771 Seward street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
ESBERU— in this city, February 21, 1896, Man-
del, beloved husband of Mathilda Esberg, and
father of Alfred. Henry, Milton, Edith and Justin
Esberg, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 61
years and 11 months. -. -..-■',
#9*Frirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock a. xt., from his late
residence, 2211 Pacific avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by special , train from
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock a. m.
HESSELMEYER— In this city, February 21,1896,
Theodore, oeloved husband of Dorothea Hessel-
meyer, and father of Henry T.. Cornelia, Char-
• lotte and Emily Hesselmeyer, a native of Osna-
bruck. Hanover, Germany, aged. 66 vears 11
months and 6 davs. f New York and Cleveland
(Ohio) papers please copy..
Jiy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. : .... from his late
residence. 2624 Bush street, near Broderick.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOADLEY— In this city, February 21, 1896. Charles
11., beloved husband of Annie Hoadley. son of
Mrs. Lucy Warren, and brother of Mllo Hoadlev.
a native of San Francisco, aged 81 years and : 10
months.
*S* Friends and acquaintances '• are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral * THIS DAY
' (Sunday), at 3 o'clock v. xt., from his late resl-
resldence, 1611 Lyon street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. WJMJJjMIIiMLHIIII Wi l Wg M .-'j_Bg
HYNES— In this clty w February 22,. 1898, John,
beloved husband of Anne Hynes, and father of
M. J., John li., William J., Kate and Nettle
Hynes. Mrs. William .Young and Mrs. John A.
Lynch, a natlvo of Ireland, aged 67 years.
JB5TThe funeral will take place TO-MOBBOW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
JONES— in the City and County Hospital, Febru-
ary 22, 1896, Oliver Jones, aged 21 years.
KEEGAN-In this city, February 21,1896, Joljn,
- - :•-. * * . - * .- --.'-,. '
beloved husband of Mary, brother of Richard
J. Keegan, father of Lizzie. John, Rose. Tueresa,
Agnes and Alice Keegan, Mrs. T. McGrorev and
Mrs. G. Nightingale, and brother-in-law of
Thomas . Goodwin, a native of County Meath,
Ireland, aged 57 years.
4fS" Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully Invited to attend the ; funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his iate resi-
dence. 214 First street, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, where a solemn requiem " mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. xi. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LORD-In this city, February 21, 1896, Major
James H. Lord, U. 8. A. (retired), a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 56 years.
Kg* Friends and members of the Loyal Legion
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
services THIS DAY (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. M.,
at the chapel Jat the Presidio Reservation.
Please omit flowers.
McPARTLIN— this city, February 22, 1896,
James, brother of the late Peter McPartiin, and
nephew of Margaret Kennedy, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 34 years. [Sacramento
papers please copy.j
Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock p. m., from the parlors of the United Un-
dertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
MARTIN— In this city, February 22, 1896, Ada
Storns Martin, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years and 9 months.
OSWALD— will be an anniversary solemn
high mass celebrated for the repose of the soul of
the late Hannah Oswald at- St. Francis 'Church,
Vallejo street, TO-MORROW (Monday), at 9
o'clock a. M. Friends and acquaintances and
those of her sister, Mrs. Vf. H. Kelm, are in-
vited to attend.
PUMYEA— In Oakland, February 21, 1896. Peter,
beloved husband of Lorain Pumyea, a native of
Illinois, aged 51 years 9 months and 4 days.
[Marysville papers please copy.]
03"-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p.m., from hislate
residence, 910 Alice street, Oakland, under the
auspices of Oakland Lodse No. 118, I. O. O.
Live Oak Lodge No. 17, K. of P., and Gray Eagle
Tribe No. 65, I. O. R. M. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. ■ ;..V
ROBERTSON— In this city. February 21, 1896.
Eugenia Alice, beloved daughter of Daniel and
Eugenia Robertson, and sister of Charles and
John Robertson, a native of San Francisco, aged
16 years 11 months and 4 days.
fty-Frlends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clocK p. m., from the resi-
dence of the patents, 15 1/2 Welch street, thence
to St. Rose's Church for services. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SKELLY— In thiscity, February 21.1896, Michael,
beloved husband of Margaret A. Skelly, and
father of Sadie, Augustine. Jerome, Gregory and
Ignatius Skelly, a native of County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
US'* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) from St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. sharp. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KNIGHTS OF ST. PATRICK— The members of
the Knights of St. Patrick are hereby requested
to attenn the funeral of our late brother, Michael
Skelly. from St. Mary's Cathedral, THIS DAY
(Sunday) at 9 o'clock.
. JEREMIAH DEASY, President. '
Thomas J. Stanton*, Secretary.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S Asso-
ciation— All members are requested to assemble
at our hall on SUNDAY. February 23, at 8:30
o'clock a. i_.,to attend the funeral of our late
brother, M. Skelly. By order,
J. S. MARSHALL. President.
Vf. A. Scoixay, Recording Secretary.
SIMON— In this city. February 21, 1896. Lulu
Simon, grandnlece of H. and C. W. Kenltzer,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 17 years and
7 months.
AiTFuneral private TO-MORROW (Monday),
- at 10 o'clock a. it., from her late residence, 2802
Bush street.
SIMPSON— In this city, February 21, 1896. James
Simpson, beloved grandfather of Charles J. and
Mary E. Wilson, a native of England, aged 92
years.
'tCg* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, thence to B'nai B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy
street, where services will be held, commencing
at 1:30 o'clock p. m., under the auspices of
Crockett Lodge No. 139, F. and A.M. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
SNOOK— In this city, February 21. 1896, Jane C,
wife of tbe late John A. Snook, and mother of
Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Jones and Mrs. E. Wolf, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years 5 month* and 18
days. 'A-zypyp
j^_rFr!ends and acquaintances ■ are resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. xt., from Bethany Con-
gregational Church, Bartlett street, near Twen-
ty-fifth.- Interment private, Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
SPAULDTNG— In thiscity. February 21,1896, Ha-
dassah May, beloved and only daughter of Jerome
and Celestia Spauldlng, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years and 8 months.
Friends ana acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Halsted A Co., 946 Mission street,
Interment strictly private.
O. E. S.— Members of Golden Gate Chanter No. 1,
O. E. S., are requested to attend the funeral of
Sister Dassie M. Spaulding THIS DAY (Sunday),
at 11:30 o'clock a.m., from Halsted's Undertak-
ing Parlors, 916 Mission street. By order of the
Worthy Matron.
WHIPPLE-In thiscity, February 23, 1896, Wil-
liam Henry Whipple, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years and 4 months.
f UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
* Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 F'lfth street.
McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
SO Fifth St./ Opp. Lincoin School.
' Telephone 3080.
■L— — i ——-_-_________.
Xas.McMiei-oi.'.y. . Chas. McMen-omkyl
JAMES McMENOMEI & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
10&7 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
__. Telephone No. 3364.
■»-» M^»" M -*-'* ||M »»»«"-'*«--»*«p»
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness ave., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone so. 156.
CYPRESS LAWK CEMETERY,
rr HAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAWi
laid ont on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean*
tlful, permanent and easy of access; see it befoi*
baying a burial place elsewhere.
City ■ ffits. 9 City Hall Awsns.
SHIELDS AND THEIR DEVICES.
A Topic That Is Wrapped In Ob
scurity.
The origin of the devices on shields is
an obscure topic, and it may be doubted
whether they can be regarded as amu
lets. The shield of the Zulu is "blank
enough," like Sir Tor's; that of the
Australian bears merely the herring
bone or other purely decorative pattern.
While the red Indian herald (commented
on by .the forefather of Gibbon, who
had been .Blue Mantle) carves the
totem of a dead chief reserved on
his grave pillar, nothing in Greek shields
suggests to us the bearing of hereditary
arms. On heroic shields, in the pictures
on vases, we see crests, the serpent (like
that of Colbert on his book bindings), the
bullshead, the three legs (as in the arms of
the Isle of Man), and many other devices;
but these bearings were conferred by
the fantasy of artists in the fifth century
B. C. We remember no bearings on the
shields presented in Mycentean art.
A famous passage in "The Seven Before
Thebes" represents the heroes as wearing
personal arms of their own choice; as
Jeanne d'Arc, not using the arms granted
to her, wore "argent, a dove, on an azure
field," with the motto, "De par le Roy dv
Ciel." There seems to be no trace of hered
itary arms in Greek families, and the
badges of towns were assuredly not amu
lets. The badges of the Roman legions, as
Mr. -Elworthy proves, have a truly her
aldic appearance in figure and color. Only
we are not convinced that the heraldic ani
mals were originally "avertive" amulets,
and it is hasty, we think, to -suggest that
the Greek badges .on shields were
adopted at the special or separate pleasure
of the individual chieftains, and the de
vice may be said to represent his clan
totem. : '■■ 7;.</7 : .
Here are two extraordinary theories: If
a Greet, had a clan totem he could not se
lect or vary it at pleasure; but we have no
evidence that, say :in Homer's time,
the chiefs had : clan totems. If they
had, Achilles : should bear "an ant
proper, regardant"; Orestes, a swan;
a Cadmian, a bull, and so forth. But
we have been unable to discover
any single allusion on Greek shields
to hereditary family bearings of the to
xemic character, nor has Curtius, we think
been more T fortunate. ".;'• The Mycenaean
shields, a* represented in - the art of My
cense, are blank. Homer :is silent, or
rather, in the shields of Achillas and Aga
memnon, introduces fantastic works of
art. .Eschylus speaks of personal arms.—
Quarterly Review.
GILEAD WAS OUTSPRINTED
Imp. Star Ruby Proved the
Victor in the Thornton
Stake.
BIG CROWD AT THE RACES.
The Talent Was Successful in Pick
ing Most of the Winners — The
Lark Beat Burmah.
Never within recent years has so large a
crowd been seen at the old Bay District
track as the one gathered together within
its inclosure yesterday to see the Thornton
stake at four miles decided. The male
portion of the population turned out in
large numbers with a sprinkling of gay
colors and pretty faces in the upper bal
cony and boxes. Even the clubhouse,
which generally looks like some deserted
old tavern, showed signs of life. The bet
ting ring was taxed to its utmost capacity
— so much so as to make locomotion al
most an impossibility. The bookmakers
handled a deal of coin, but kept little of
it, for the favorites got most of the money.
Riley Grannan was the center of attrac
tion in the ring. The young Kentucky
plunger "cut in" at yesterday's drawing,
and as he made bis brother *-\>encilers
"loosen up" with their odds Riley's stand
was a popular one and got a big play.
The "Statuesque Englishman," Star
Ruby, developed unloosed for staying
qualities and last night rested in his stall
with the second Thornton stake to his
credit. The crowd was eager and im
patient for the big race, and after two
events had been reeled off without any
great amount of interest being manifested,
the event of the day was called and a rush
was made for the ring. All declined the
long journey of the original entries but
three-imp. Star' Ruby with Willie Martin
up, Gilead again piloted by Marty Bergen .
and Claudius astride which George Miller
had the leg up. The English horse opened
a warm 4to 5 favorite in the first betting.
Claudius commanded second choice at
twos and unfavorable reports as to the
condition of Gilead made him the out
sider at 4 to 1. A strong tip came from
the paddock on Claudius, and a heavy
play forced his odds down to 7 to 5. Gilead
in the interim receding to sixes. As post
time drew nigh tbe friends of the latter
horse unloosed their purse-strings and his
odds again came down to the opening
price. Claudius went back in the betting
to 9 to 5, when a second plunge took place,
and 6 to 5 was the general price at post
time. This caused the bookies to lengthen
the odds against the imported horse and
he closed at 11 to 10. . 44
As the second bell calling the horses was
rung the crowd left the ring pell mell in a
scramble to secure advantageous positions
•from which to view the race. Many took
up points of vantage in the infield.
Claudius was first to issue from the pad
dock, followed by Star Ruby and the
hopes of the Sacramento contingent.
Ferguson sent them off at the second
breakaway.
The first mile was covered in 1:56, with
Claudius leading Gilead by three lengths,
the Englishman ten lengths away. At the
end of the two miles, reeled off in 3:47,
there was little change in the positions,
with the exception of Star Ruby, which
Martin had taken further back. As
the horses passed the stand -at
the end of the third mile, where
the watches registered 5:33*4, Gilead had a
slight lead, which he continued to in- .
crease, turning down the backstretch for '
the last time with two open leneths of
daylight intervening between him and the
Brutus horse. Martin on the favorite was
at this point still fully twenty lengths in
the rear but getting ready for a move. At
the end of the half of the last mile Gilead
was leading Claudius, who was
tiring badly, by three lengths,
with Star Ruby closing on them
at an amazing rate. As the stretch
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
'Twenty-seventh Day of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track Fast. Bay Dis
-1 trict track, San Francisco, Saturday, February 22, i 896.
Index. Horse, age, weight.
730 Salisbury 11, 3.. ..122
716 Walter J, 3 122
704 |Gov. Butld. 3 119
720 iScnatorllon'iuD,3.l22
68H iKndymion. 3 li9
694 Myrtle H, 8 117
716 jßolle Stonewall, 4.l2B
589 .Minnie 11. 3 117
(733) Geo.Dickenson. a.137
726 I Meadow Lark, 4.. 130
661 .Ensign, 3 119
St. V*
~T
3
6
2
7
5 '.'.'.'."'.'.
1
8 ........
9
left
lien!
%
2 h
6 1
61
7 SI / 3
4h
lh
81
9
Btr. 'Fin.
1 Betting.
Op- ci.
11
3 2
6 2
4 h
72
5 1.
2n
9
12
22
52
in
6 Va
82
33
9
73
1 h
2 3
32
4 3
5 h
6h
7h
BVa
,. 9 .....
H. Griffin
Ballard
K. Jones.
IK. Smith
jßeauchamp
Hinnchs
W. Martin
J. Chorn
Wilkins
Ml!ler
Golden
8-5
5
6
6
20
12
6
6
15
5
15
7-5
7
12
12
100
25
15
8
100
5
eoj
I I
!
Gooa start. Won driving. Winner, Burns <fe Waterhouse's br. c, by Racine-imp. Flirt. Starting-
gate used. Time, 1:02.
nqr SECOND RACE— Seven and a
purse C4OO.
Hone, age,
S /4
Btr.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
713 IBraw Scot, a. 107
720 Morven, 6 107
730 IBilly McClosk'y, 3 89
678 ! Seaside, 5 105
720 Uaok Atkins. 3... 92
727 Polaski, 5 102
730 'City Girl, 3 90
727 Isinbad, a. 107
702 ,Sligo,6 107
1
4
5
3
6
8
7
9
3 3
1 h
4%
6 1
»ji
61
82
7 3
g
?**
53
4 Va
3 2
6 10
iy»
8 1
9
!
23
11
4h
6 S
3b
6 10
I*
81
24
11
44
3h
55
63
8 10
9
7 1
12
22
34
4 10
G 3
64
71
81
9
J. Chorn
E. Jones
W. Flynn
|H. Martin
6-5
8-5
6.
40
60
40
00
100
20.
li
6-5
13
100
100
20
200
COO
80
jßeauchamp. ..
Piggott.
Illeidy
Golden
Shaw
Good start. Won easily. Winner, B. Schrelber's gr.
pos til minutes. Time. 1:39.
, by Imp.
rj off THIRD RACE— Four miles; the
; purse $3000.
(706) i Imp.Star 8uby ,4 . 109
636 Gilead, 5 117
689 Claudius, 6 117
Horse, age, weight.
a
2
1
1 m 2 m 3 m 3Va Str. F.
3 3 3 8 24 11
210 220 1% 13 12 230
113 13 250|2 4 3 4 3
Jockeys.
W. Martin
iM. Bergen
I Miller
4-5
4
I 2
11-10
4
7-5
Winner, G. B. Morris
Co.'s imp. b.
fToy FOURTH RACE— A
Korse, age, weight.
St. Std. 14 J 1/2 J
I 4 4 3 2 1 lh
2223 h 3 1
I 3 6 3 6 4 4 h
! 1 13 12 2 3
7 5Va 4 h 6 4
: 6 830 840 850
8 7Va 7Va 7 i-a
1 5 3h 6h 62
19 9 9 9
Flat. Str.
l'<! 13
3h 2 5
6 3 4
2 3 3V2
4 2 5
7 5 6
i 8 201 8
lib 7
9 9
tin.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
724
718
718
666
707
613
630
725
(718)
The Lark, 6 129 1
Burmah, 4 .155
Cicero, a 145 j
Gold Dust, 6 132
Arundel, 6 139
Adelante. 6 131
Mestor, 6 129
JOC, 4 137
Argenta, a 142
12
24
36
4 2
56 !
6 20
7 2
8 .
9
T. Murphy
Mara
J. Owens
Epperson
i Cuddy
Ambrose
Peters !
swift I
iCochran !
4
8-6
7
6
8
20
10
1 5
7-3
8-5
12
8
10
60
30
ia
7
Good start. Won handily. Winner, J. T. Clifton'
At post 15 minutes.
b. g., by
Monday. Time, S:22Vi.
f7OQ FIFTH BA'
purse $400.
Horse, age, weight.
Betting.
.»p. Cl.
(685)
648
Bellicose 4 116
Kosebud 4 107
Dare 6 108
2
1
3
i a
24
3
1
2
3
12
2 15
3
1 2V 2 T. Sloan
2 50 ; Donnelly
3 'Shaw
2-5
20
1-3
6-2
60
Good start.
Won easily.
h. by Peel-Imp. Janet N.
Time, 1:11 Va
7QQ SIXTH RAOE-Oneand'
tOO. ties: purse $ 400.
; conditions; penal-
Horse, age, weight.
V4 V» %
13 1 1 2 i1 Va
2 13 lVa 2 •>
4 2 -2 Va 3 6
6 3 610 610
sh 4 i/2 4 h
6 6 6
Jockeys.
| Betting.
Op. Cl.
725
T2'2 .
723
725
722
719
Peter 11, 4 109
K. H. Sherley, 6.. 114
Little Cripple, 6..111
Mollie R, 4 104
Uncle Giles, 4.. ..109
Ip Fnllertn 1,a5,6. 109
1
•J
6
5
3
1
1 Va
2 1
6
5 2
3 h
1 ii
12
19 h
!3 3 !
ft 10 '
J4b
18
1 3
2h
1 3 6
41
r. 20
6
iT. Sloan ... 8
H. Slaughter 10
!H. Martin 3-5
,M. Bergen 8
iMacklin 10
Snider. 20
4
75
1-2
12
100
lA(\ SEVENTH
l^tU. ?300.
; conditions:' purse
728
733
1021
634
1383
733
668
1338
612
Horse, age, weight. St.
LeliaS. a. 1321 7
Clare N, 5 134 3
j Theresa K. 3. 117 1 1
! Addle M, 4 128i 2
IBell Oak, 3. 1171 4
t'binooK, 4 1281 5
Joe Hill. a... 134| 8
!suro,4 130! 9
I Margaret M, 3. .1171 6
6 3
1 5
2 2
4 h
61
3h
8
9
7
4 K.
1 6
22
3 2
7
52
8
9
6
Fin.
1 h
2 2
3h
4 4
6 1
6 1
7 2
8 1
9
M. BergeD
J. Chorn
Sliaw. ....'.....■..
! Donnelly
jßozeman
I Swift
Maill.ion
C. 510an.........
H. Griffin
2 •
4
6-5
10
ft
8
10
10
6
4
4
1
20
15
15
20
30
6
start. Won driving. Winne
me, l:o3Vi-
er, H. W. Enoa' ch. m., by J
was reached, Bergen on Gilead looked
over his shoulder and saw the English
man but a length away. Both he an
Martin now sat down to ride. The restk
looked in doubt until little less than a
furlong from the wire, where Star Ruy
began forging ahead. He continued to
draw away and passed the judges a lengh
before the son of St. Savior, wno had
sponded gamely to punishment. Claudu.
finished over a "dozen lengths away, an »x
--tremely weary horse. The winner's ii_.e
for the distance was 7:23%. Star Rub>
was beautifully ridden by Martin, who re
ceived an ovation on his return to the
stand. \
The balance of the racing consisted of *
six very ordinary events, of which the first
choices captured four.
The opening five-furlong dash went to
the 7 to s favorite Salisbury ll, with Griffin
up, who beat Walter J a head in a drive.
Governor Budd was a good third, .
The seven and a half furlong run over the
inside course went to Barney Schreiber's
honest old gelding, Braw Scot, tn even
money choice. Chorn. who had the mount,
waited on Morven until well on toward the
wire where he passed him and won easily
by a length.
Topweieht proved too much for Burmah,
the Bto 5 favorite, in the handicap. The
Lark, second choice at 4 to 1, took the lead
at the sixth jump and won as he pleased,
with the first choice finishing in the place,
three lengths before Cicero.
There were only three starters in the six
furlong handicap. Bellicoso, at the prohi
bitive price of 1 to 3, won easily, with
Rosebud a city block in front of Dare.
One of the hardest upsets of the day oc
curred in the mile and a sixteenth race.
Little Cripple was looked upon as a moral,
the talent eagerly accepting the short price
of Ito 2. The 4 to 1 second choice, Peter
the Second, was in front from flag fall and
won easily by three lengths. The favorite,
poorly handled by H. Martin, was beaten
out a head for second place by the 100 to 1
shot E. H. Shirley.
A cheap "dog" race at five furlongs con
cluded the sport. There were nine start
ers, with Theresa X a warm 7 to 5 favorite.
Shaw, who rode her, finished third, so the
mare had to. Lelia S, a5 to 1 choice, took
the race by a head in a. drive with Clare N.
ANOTHER LEPER FOUND.
A Chinese Afflicted With the Dread
Disease Discovered by a China
town Guide.
M. Levey, a Chinatown guide, while es
corting a party of tourists through China
town yesterday afternoon came across a
Chinese afflicted with leprosy. The un
fortunate sufferer, whose name is El Kirn.
On, was hidden away in one of the dingy
rooms of the hospital connected with the
"Yung Wo Association at 726 Sacramento
street. The disease, which had fastened
itself on the young Chinese about a year
ago, is now in an advanced stage.
Mr. Levey called the attention of the
Chinese in charge of the building to the
true character of the disease from which
their countryman was suffering and urged
them to notify the Health Office. They
finally consented to this and the victim of
the dread disease was taken to the pest
house. El Kirn On is only 23 years of age
I and in spite of the ravages of the disease
is a pleasant looking, intelligent Chinese.
He has for a number of months been em
ployed on the fruit farms in the vicinity of
Courtland, in the Sacramento Valley.
The rapid progress of his affliction com
pelled him to give up working and come
to this City that he might depend upon
charity.
He reached this City day before yester
day and immediately "went to the Chinese
Consulate and from there to the Yung Wo
Hospital, where he was discovered by the
Chinatown guide.
A Hostler Accused.
Harry Clarke, a hostler, was booked at the
City Prison last night on a charge of grand
larceny. The complaining witness is Harrison
Smith, ex-City Surveyor, who alleges that
while in the Apollo saloon, on Jones street,
Clarice robbed him of his gold watch, chain
and locket. Clarke denied having committed
the theft, and on being searched, the stolen
property was not found on his person.
Peter English and a Chicago capitalist
bave completed an organization to manu
facture aluminum clay brick at Buchanan,
Mich. The factory has a capacity of 40,
--000 brick daily. The aluminum bank is
sixty feet deep and covers twelve acres,
enough for thirty years' steady work.Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
ST, MARY'S CLASS OF '97
» *
It Renders Some Patriotic Ex
ercises at the Col
lege.
CLEVER YOUNG ORATORS.
A Large Audience Agreeably Enter
tained With Varied Music
and Speaking.
Oakland Office Pan* Francisco Call,!
DOS Broadway, Feb. 22. )
The assembly hall at St. Mary's College
was crowded to its utmost capacity to
night by tne friends of the institution and
the relatives and friends of the students,
besides many visiting clergy, to listen to a
thoroughly patriotic and highly interest
ing programme. The exercises were by
the Junior Literary Society, class of '97,
and were a credit to those who had charge.
The members of the class are: Messrs.
Robert J. Drady, John J. Greeley, William
A. Hughes," Bernard J. Flood," Joseph J.
Hooson, Thomas H. Richardson, J. Wil
liam Solen and William F. Murphy.
The room had been very beautifully dec
orated with bunting, flags, shields and
pictures of Washington, as well as of a
number of the famous generals of tne late
war. There was also green foliage, potted
plants and cut flowers in profusion to add
to the attractiveness of the scene. The
college orchestra opened the programme
with the --Columbia March," by Schram
met. Thomas H. Richardson, president of
the day, made a very pleasing address of
welcome to those who had gathered to li*
ten to the efforts of the students.
J. W. Solen and R. G. Dradv rendered in
a very artistic manner Parsy's "The Two
Sailors," as a duet. The recitation, "The
'Midnight Mass" (White) by William A.
; Hughes, was rendered in a manner that
j won the young man hearty applause.
.This was followed by a solo by J. William
'Solen, his selection being ".Memories of
Childhood" (Graham). It appeared to
strike a very responsive chord, as the
audience recalled him.
The first of the three orators of the
evening was John J. Greeley, who ren
dered "America" in a pleasing manner.
It was a very fitting selection, and ap
pealed to every one in the audience. The
-dramatic ability with which he rendered
it made it very effective. The college
quartet, consisting of Messrs. J. W. Solen,
G. E. Hayward, 11. G. Drady and H.J.
Swords, san-r "The Sword of Bunker Hill"
(Wallace), as a fitting afterpiece to the
orator's subject. During the interlude
that followed, the -orchestra rendered
"American., (Wiegand).
Joseph J. Hooson, the second orator of
the evening to speak, gave that grand
tribute of Beecher's to "The American
Flag" in a manner that thrilled the entire
audience. His successful rendition of the
selection was received with a burst of ap
plause which must have been very gratify
ing to him and his friends.
J. L. Jaunet and J. L. Taaffe rendered as
a vocal duet "A B C" (Farsy). They,
too, had to respond to a hearty encore.
J. William Solen was the last of the ora
tors to appear before the audience. His
tubject was -'The Character of Washing
ton," and he handled it in a most masterly
manner. It was a eulogvof Washington's
manly traits, his thoughtfulness for others.
Lis love for home, his abhorrence for all
vanity and show, and his love and patriot
ism for his country above all other things.
Mr. Solen appealed to his hearers to do
their duty as citizens at all times and not
to be swayed by fear, hatred or prejudice.
He was heartily applauded as he took his
seat. F. Schorcht Jr. followed with
"Rondo -priccioso" (Mendelssohn).
Robert G. Drady gave as a recitation the
J. J. HOOSOX. J. J. GREELEY. J. W. SOLEaV.
THE ORATORS OF THE PATRIOTIC EXERCISES AT ST. MARY'S COLLEGE.
[Reproduced from photographs.]
"Death of Benedict Arnold" (Lippard), in
a pleasing manner, J. L. Jaunet, J. W.
Solen and H. J. Swords rendered "0
Restless Sea" (White), and Bernard J.
Flood recited "The Dandy Fifth" (Gas
saway). The programme closed with the
"Souvenir Quickstep" by the orchestra.
STORY OF A GOLD WATCH.
Two Alameda Boys Offer One for
Sale and Disclose a
Theft.
Patriotic Entertainment by Pupils of
Notre Dame Academy— New
Choral Society.
ALAMEDA, Cat.., Feb. 22.— 0n Friday
two boys, Milton Blake and John Powell,
attracted attention on Park street by their
efforts to sell a gold watch. The boys were
nine years of age and it was manifest at
once that they could not properly have
such a thing to dispose of. The police
took the hoys in charge and questioned
them as to where they obtained the time
piece. Their stories were improbable and
contradictory. They were sent home and
the watch retained until their parents
could be conferred witn, when it was ex
pected that information would be obtained
as to the rightful owner, It turned out
that the watch belonged to Mrs. Miller of
1323 Santa Clara avenue, it was taken
from her residence by the Blake boy, who
accompanied his mother on a visit to the
Miller home. The first intimation the
mother had of the incident was when in
quiry was made by the police as to the
ownership of the watch. Although young
in years, the Blake boy has caused. his
parents a great deal of trouble and worry
through his waywardness.. -7.7-''
Patriotic Entertainment.
ALAMEDA, Cat,., Feb. 22.— Yesterday
afternoon the pupils of Notre Dame Acad
emy gave a patriotic entertainment at
the academy on Chestnut street. The pur
pose was to show that Catholic schools and
I
school children are not lacking in pa
triotism. The programme embraced th.
hymn "America," recitations by Miss 11.
Skidmore and Miss E. Lindemann; song,
"Star-spangled Banner"; recitation, "The
Boys We Seed," by C. Barry, H. Scholten
and A. H..Durney: recitation, "Crossing
the Delaware," Miss O'Brien; song,
"Washington's Christmas Party," primary
classes; recitation, acrostic (Washington)
essay, Miss P. Scholten; song, "Marching
Through Georgia";, recitation, "Historic
Years"; essay, Miss M. Coughlin; recita
tion and song, "Red, White and Blue ;
recitation, "Mv Native Flag," Miss T. Mc-
Dermott; song, "The Violets"; recita
tion, -The Hatchet Story," Misses L.
Senlly and I. Si-en ; song, "Flag of the
Free"; address, Miss M. Coughlin; song,
"Mount Vernon Bells."
Choral Society Organized.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 22.— A choral
society has been formed in Alameda with
eighty members. F. P. Rovle has been
chosen president; Edward Eckert, treas
urer; George limes, secretary; E. D.
Crandall. leader,' and Mabel Jones, accom
panist. Mrs. F. H. McCormick, Mrs. C.
E. Naylor and Messrs. Stratum, Royle,
Humphrey, Innes and Pollard have been
Chosen to "act as an executive committee.
The first composition taken up for study
is "The Rose Maiden," a cantata, which
will be presented in public when suf
ficiently rehearsed. Meetings will be held
on Tuesday evenings.
Praise Service. ':■;
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 22.— A National
■praise service will be given at the Con
gregational church by the chorus choir,
under the leadership of E. D. Cranuall,
Sunday evening. Interesting features of
the service will be solos by Mrs. Bradford,
Miss M. Williams and Dr. Humphrey,
consisting of National hymns and an
thems. There will also be a male chorus,
"To Thee, O Country." The pastor, Rev.
W. W. Scudder, will take for his subject,
"Our Nation's Life."
JAIL BREAK AT OAKLAND
Two Prisoners Succeeded in Es
caping From the Old
City Hall.
Thieves Serving Six. Month Sentences
Got Away on Friday
Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, '
903 Broadway, Feb. 22. )
Charles Reisart and William Anderson,
two men serving six-month sentences as
petit larceny thieves, cut their way out of
the city prison and escaped last night.
The first intimation that., the prisoners
were not all in their regular places was
when Night Prison-keeper Swain went to
the kitchen at 5 o'clock this morning to
awake the trusties so that they might be
gin the preparation of the morning meal.
On opening the door he saw that the room
was vacant and a moment later saw a hole
in the wall where they had cut their way
to liberty.
The kitchen of the City Prison is a small
cubbyhole off the main corridor and over
looking on one side a yard that is reached
from the jail by a flight of wooden steps
four in number. This is inclosed by a
fence ten feet high, studded with nails.
This yard opens into another by a door
which leads to the corporation yard. The
police patrol wagon stable adjoins this in
ner yard at the north. The prisoners had
at odd moments and on various nights cut
a hole three by two feet in size in the old
wall that acts as a foundation for the
building. They chose a spot beneath a
large copper cooking- boiler. The filling
between the blocks was nothing more
than soft, crumbling lime.
The two cooks had worked this out with
knives, hiding the refuse in an ash-barrel
in small quantities, so as not to excite any
suspicion. They squeezed through thi
dperture and once in the inner court had
little difficulty in scaling the fence adjoin
ing the patrol-wagon stable. An officer
who was on duty was not disturbed. Foot
prints in the soft earth show plainly where
they landed outside the fence and
started off toward Fifteenth street. . Pho
tographs and descriptions of the men have
been sent out.
The old jail has been considered unsafe
for sometime and is not in condition to
hold any clever crooks \ for any length of
time. Anderson's term would have ex
pired April 28 and Reisart's on May 11.
Shakespeare In London.
Shakespeare "came to London," entered,
in fact, into eternal fame through its
gates. Why he came, or precisely when,
is largely a matter of conjecture. Over
this, as over so much of his life, lies a
veil that he himself never chose to
lift. That he -ft-as poor ;is cer
tain, and highly probable that he was
quite unfriended. Whether he had any
consciousness or persuasion of his almost
miraculous gifts we can only guess. The
impulse that led him there cannot have
been altogether due to chance or whim;
but that he could nave foreseen the splen
did result is altogether impossible. Like
many a less-gifted mortal, he sustained
the struggle of hope and fear. The first
folio of his plays sells to-day for a large
sum of money; but let us "imagine a ro- ;
mance worth twenty islands of treasure.
Suppose some one, wrenching away a
shaky panel in an old house in Warwick
shire, came upon a concealed cupboard,
wherein lay, thick with the dust of 300
years, a roll of manuscript, curled and yel
low with age. And suppose that, on un
folding it. he found it bore the title " The
Life of Me, William Shakespeare." Here
surely would be a record of unparalleled
interest, and chiefly the chapter which
should tell of how ho came to London.
Think of what that step was to him, con
sider the power of his mind, imagine it at
the age of 50, looking back with calm un
ruffled insight on its own history as a
d-ima, and then reflect what he, Shake
speare, could say about that youthful entry
into London, and how depict it. A King's
ransom, could not buy the chapter, and a
temple would be a poor place to house it. —
Chambers' Journal.
People of melancholic temperament
rarely have clear blue eyes. * "' * : '*7t^,
THI. SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23', 1896.
ROMANCE OF A SAILOR
His Caprices With Marriage In
volved Him in Frequent .
Difficulties.
BURIED UNDER A FALSE NAME.
The Many Heirs Are Preparing to
Battle to a Finish With
the Widow.
' Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
903 Broadway, Feb. 22. f
' The heirs of Captain William I. Wilson,
who resided at West Oakland, declare that
there is no proof that the old seaman is
dead, and they are making preparations
to begin a legal battle for his estate.
The story as told by William G. C. Pitt,
one of the nephews, is full of romance.
The relatives of the presumably dead man
are: Charlotte Heartwig, a sister, residing
in San Jose; William D. Evans, Richard
H. -Pitt, Elizabeth Pitt-Hodges and Wil-
TX. C u__ tx -, T  ,
The South Ends Leading the University Crew in the Race at Lake Merritt.
[Sketched by a "CaU " artist.]
liam G. C. Pitt, of San Francisco, besides •
a number of relatives residing in England,
Australia and British Columbia, all of
whom intend to make a strong fight at the
proper time. One of the earliest events in
the strange career of Captain Wilson oc
curred when the Duncan Bank closed its
doors in San Francisco in 1879. Wilson
had $100,000 on deposit, and at the point
of a pistol he compelled Duncan to turn
over to a trustee named Bradley 350 lots
in the Haley & O'Neill Tract in South San
Francisco.
"The most singular affair in connection
with the history of Captain Wilson," said
Mr. Pitt to-day, "is that no one is able to
establish the death of the ancient mariner.
The only guide we have to go by is a
rather suspicious entry in the death rec
ords of Sonoma County, which sets forth
that one Captain William J. Williams
died at Santa Rosa, December 30, 1891.
"The romantic history of Wilson dates
as far back as 1849, when he met and mar
ried his wife Jessie in New Haven, Conn.
He followed the sea for a living and a year
later found him in California, having left
his yountr wife behind. Two years in the
mines enabled him to return with about
$3000. The meeting between husband and
wife is said to have been pleasant, and he
urged her to accompany him west, but she
firm ly refused to do so. He returned to
the coast alone and drifted into the Aus
tralian and New Zealand cattle trade, and
finally became wealthy. •'■••'
"He owned several ships and bought and
sold his own cargoes. While commanding
one of his own ships he carried as a
passenger a lady named Mrs. Priscilla
Burch, a grass widow, and as a result
of the acquaintance formed at sea the two
became fast friends. During a hurricane
the couple without resorting to the formal
ity of a divorce plighted their troth and
then lived as man and wife for twenty
years. When the cattle trade proved to be
no longer profitable the couple went into
the wheat-carrying tiade between Europe
and San Francisco. At different times
they owned the ships Olivia Cutis,
Monetti and Oregon.
"In 1870 they settled down and selected
Oakland as their home. About this time
a couple of married sisters came to visit
him. One of them was Mrs. lieartwig,
now of San Jose, who came from New
Haven, where the captain's abandoned
wife resided. They beseecned him to send
for his wife, but he refused to do this, and
so they sent for her. When she discovered
the state of affairs she soon obtained a
divorce and $50,000. (Captain Wilson then
repented of his double love and so he re
courted bis divorced wife and they re
married.
"After a time Mrs. Wilson brought a
new suit for a division of the community
property .without a divorce. The captain
was charged with nearly every crime in
the calendar, and spent much time either
in court or in jail. Sixteen years were
spent in litigation and then the wife died,
and had it not been for her attorney,
Fisher Ames, she would have been buried
in a pauper's grave. She left behind her a.
legacy in the shape of her attorney's fees,
which suit is still pending against Wilson.
This suit proved a source of annoyance to
Wilson, and in order to evade it he fled,
and his property-has been transferred so
often that its ownership is now doubtful.
Among his possessions were 350 lots in* the
O'Neii & Haley Tract, South San Fran
cisco, three houses and six lots at West
Oakland, a fruit ranch in Sonoma Valley,
a house and lot in Petaluma and personal
property said to be worth $100,000.
"On leaving Oakland he joined Mrs.
Priscilla Burch and resided for a time at
Santa Rosa. Wilson was a remarkably
well preserved man and the announce
ment of his death was a surprise. The de
mise was not known till about a year ago,
when one Miller filed a motion in the iSu
perior-Court of Alameda . County asking
i for a dismissal of the suit of Wilson vs.
Wilson, on the ground that both were
dead. V The relatives hunted for proof but
could find none. The nearest they could
find was that of 'William J. Williams, aged
71 years, native of England, retired sea
captain.' The grave was found at Peta
luma, twenty miles from where he died.
Priscilla '. Burch, or as she calls herself,
Priscilla Wilson, kept to herself the news
of the captain's death for four years and
then" buried the remains under a false
name. The heirs are now on the warpath.
They have pooled their interests and in
tend to fight Mrs. Priscilla Burch or Wilson
to the end." ' .. ;./
, Installation of Knights. -
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 22.— The follow
ing officers of Liberty Division, First Regi
ment, TJ. R. K. of P., were installed Friday
evening in Castle Hall by: Colonel Abbott:
W. H. H. Hussey, sir knight captain; A.
Fango, sir knight first lieutenant; F. O.
Walgreen, sir knight second lieutenant;
W. W. Moare, sir knight recorder; M.
Jonas, sir knight treasurer.
Coming Attractions.
OAKLAND, Cat.., Feb. 22.— The music
lovers of this city are intererested in the
engagement of the Tavary Opera Com
pany for the coming week at the Mae
donough Theater, and a big rush is ex
pected at the opening of the sale to-mor
row (Monday) morning. "Carmen" will
be given Wednesday evening, "Bohemian
Girl" for Thursday matinee and "Trova
tore" Thursday evening. March 4 A. M.
Palmer's "Trilby" Company. March G and
7 Nellie McHenry in "A Bicycle Girl."
March 9, week, Frederick Wartie in reper
toire. ■'.."*
INJURED AT THE PARADE
Miss McKinery May Succumb
to Effects of a Fall on
Filbert Street.
Her Strange Hysterical Ravings— Four
Men Required to Control the
Struggles of the Girl.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Feb. 22. f
Miss Kate McKinery of 2010 Filbert
street may die from injuries received while
waiting to see the parade.
She was standing on Broadway, in front
of the Union Savings Bank, with her father
in a large crowd, when he decided to move
to another location. He started and called
to ncr to "come on." She moved back
ward a step or two and* it is supposed
struck the curb. Anyhow she fell back
ward, striking her head on an iron post
and then on the stone'pavement. She lay
stunned for a while, but recovered suffi
ciently to walk away. She was taken to
L. W. Wheeler's residence, on . Harrison
street, where she soon : became hysterical.
All day long she remained in the condi
tion in spite of all efforts to j relieve her.
About 9 o'clock to-night she quieted down
and an attempt was made to get her home
inagurney. When the corner where she
was hurt was reached she became hyster- .
ical again and jumped out of the carriage,
and had to be taken toDibert& Co.'s drug
store, where. opiates were given to quiet
her. Tbe poor girl's screams attracted a
great crowd, who believed some one had
been badly injured. '. *
Every effort to move her was resisted
and the combined strength of four men
could not get her into ; a carriage 'until a
late hour. It is feared her brain has been
injured. Dr. Hamlin was called to attend
the girl, but he could find nothing that
would indicate any serious injury, but her
condition was such as -to cause great un
easiness. '■ -.' .:,.. v..
While she was in the drugstore she
would cry out: "The girl will die, I know
the poor girl is going to die, oh what will
I do? I would take the medicine myself
to save the poor girl." .
j She seemed to" have something on her
mind which was giving her great uneasi
ness. When questioned: her sister 'said
the girl had said so many queer things in
her hysterical moments' during- the day
that none of the family could understand.
It is trie opinion of her friends that some
mysterious secret is on the girl's mind and
that she is suffering far. more from that
than from her injuries. '•■_
•'Joe i' (iiiilil Understand English.
Several year 3 ago I had a beloved mon
grel fox-terrier named Joe. We were stay
ing some months at Penzance and the dog
went every where' with us and Knew the
place well. One day we were, as usual in
the afternoon, on the club tennis ground,
when the secretary came up and warned'
me that on the following day, as
there was ; " to be a J tournament,' no
dogs would be admitted to the in
closure. I promised to shut Joe up
at home. That evening we missed the dog,
and in the morning also he was not to be
seen. When we went to look on at the
tournament In the afternoon we found Joe
waiting for us; the ground man . told '.us
that the dog had been there all night, and
would not allow himself to be caught. lie
had never slept out before, and he cer
tainly must; have understood what was
said. ■', - . ..*■' /Ty ';;.-■-:-:. _ f
i. We often used to" say, ''We will drive to
such a place to-day, but Joe must stay at
home, " and ; almost invariably, in • what
ever direction it: might be, before we had
driven a mile, we found waiting for us
by the roadside: he always grinned; when
we came up with him.— London Spectator.
I Joseph Mayer, the actor in the passion
play at OberaramergauT who took the
role of Christ, has met with an .accident
which necessitated the amputation of one
of his legs.. _ • 'A4-/Z- ;
LAKE MERRITT REGATTA
An Immense Crowd Witnesses
the First Races of the
Season.  - .
MANY CLOSE HEATS ROWED.
South E_id Beats the University and
Dr. Denniss Captures the
Skiff Race.
Oakland Office San Francisc*!} Call.)
7777/7 903 Broadway, Feb. 22. j
Over 8000 people lined the shores of Lake
Merritt this afternoon to witness the open
ing rowing reeatta of the season, held un
der the auspices of tbe Alameda Boat Club.
The weather was all that could be de
sired for a resatta. scarcely a zephyr dis
turbing the placid waters of the lake.
The races, which were over a mile course,
with a turn, were exciting in each instance'
and the oarsmen merited all the applause
they received from the onlookers.
Considerable trouble was experienced
with small boats and sailing craft that
kept constantly gettine in the course of
the rowers, but outside of this difficulty
everything was carried out without a
hitch, and, taking it all in all, the first re
gatta of the season was a pronounced suc
cess that will live long in the memory of
the rowing contingent. .'
The boat houses on the edge of the lake
were decorated with flags and the numer
ous yachts which plied to and fro with
their sails spread gave the regatta an
animated appearance.
The rowing fraternity from San Fran
cisco was out in force to view the races,
and many prominent sports were discern
ible among them, the most conspicuous
being Young Mitchell, Alfred J. Fritz,
President Humphreys of the P. A. A. and
Jules Morton of the Olympic Club. '
At exactly twenty minutes past 2 referee
George Wilson sent the South End senior
crew and a University Boat Club, crew
over the course for the first race.
The South End crew got away to a strag
gling start and getting the" lead kept it to
the stakebhat, where the University crew
evened up with them. v
After rounding the stake the South Ends
put forth their best efforts and crept
slowly away from their opponents and
crossed the "finish line four lengths ahead.
Time, 4:45.
The personnel of the two crews is as fol
lows
South Ends Henry Bode, bow; Bob
Mac Arthur, forward waist and captain;
Gus Carson, after waist; Frank Duplissea,
strofce, and George McGill, boxswain.
University— A. D. Smith, bow; N. C.
Treu. forward waist; J. L. Wittenmeyer,
afterwaist; W. E. Cole, stroke, and Nel
son Eckart, coxswain.
The next event was the outrigger-skiff
race between members, of the "Alameda
Boat Club. This race was rowed in heats.
In the first heat Fred Ayers defeated J.
Lancaster by a boatlen^th ; time, 5:48.
• : Dr. Cecil Denniss defeated J. Pembroke
in the next heat by three boatlengths;
time, 5:55. &*<
: Between this last heat and the final heat
was the single-scull event, in which were
entered William McCausland of the South
End Club, champion junior single sculler
of the coast, and Samuel J. Pembroke of
the Alameda Club, the champion outrigger
skiff oarsman of the coast.
Tbis "face attracted considerable • atten
tion, Mr. Pembroke being over 40 years of
age and McCausland not yet out of his
teens. T ■'■" : A. ■.■■/ 7*' ,7 *
■ F. Duplissea was booked for this race,
but failed to enter, not having a boat fit to
row in.
This race was to be the star event of the
day, as the sports were' anxious to. see
Duplissea and McCausland match oars,
but Duplissea's failing to enter took all the
ginger out of it. r .
'.; The race was won by McCausland by
four lengths. Time, 6:05. .<
Pembroke made a race of it, but'
his boat was inferior to his opponent's
boat, Yvhich is one of Peterson's racing
shells.: ■■"•"-■•". - ...
. For the final heat of the "outriggers Dr.*
Cecil Denniss and Fred Ayers lined up.
The race was : rowed over; one-half of the
course, the rowers starting from the stake
•boat and finishing at the starting point.
Dr. Denniss was victorious in this heat,
thereby winning the outrigger race of the
day. : - : A :: A ;.:
After this event followed, the barge race
between two crews from the Alameda Club
of the following make-up: -;
Crew No. l Alfred Bullion. J. v Pem
broke, '. W. B. Henchmanu. Dr. Denniss
and J, Bull, coxswain. 1 *
;>. Crew No. 2— Fred- Ayers, A. Bangs, W.
G. Hanson, A. .Webb and W. Steinmetz. - ;
T The race , was won by the latter crew.
Time, 6:18. ... V-.7 4: ;/."■* -;
Tin this race the following crew from the
South Ends, Fritz, E. Scully, J. Ma
honey, Charles Cutter and E. Lenahan; in
the barge Blister; followed the racers over
the course nnd made an interesting finish
with ; the leaders. * This race closed the
day's programme. ~- ' '* * \- ** .-
The officials of the regatta were: Ref
eree, George Wilson; judges, Ed. Scully,
Al..*' Rodgers : and Leander ■■■ Stevenson;
judges atstake boat, J. Fickett and George
Eastoh; timekeepers, N. Sullivan ' and W.
. Barry.- • "-.* . -.'■ ",'..■: T.7.T-;
The success of this regatta is all due to
Mr. S. ; J. Pembroke of the Alameda Club,
and the universal opinion of the oars
. men is that Lake Merritt is admirably sit
■.:■'•• - ■-:■■. - , .■-.--.-' • - . ■■--.'... •.•■'; '
uated for boat racing and that the future
regattas should be held there.
PIEBCED WOOD AND SKIN.
Extraordinary Success nt Berkeley With
T.T'T the Keen Cathode Kay.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. Some
very successful experiments with cathode
ray photography look place to-day at the
University of California under the super
vision and personal direction of Professors
Cory, Christy, Slate and Instructors Le
Conte and Drew. The work done to-day
was a continuation of that commenced
yesterday, only on a grander and more
scientific scale. 7-7. ; r : a'■
To-day the experimentalis^had at their
service apparatus more suited to the suc
cessful accomplishment of tests than yes
terday and the experience which' they had
gained in former attempts served them to
a good purpose in the efforts of to-day. ■
One thing which made the tests to-day
of such remarkable success was the fact
that they had in use a number of original
Crooke's tubes. Yesterday they used
twenty-six plates at an exposure of twenty
five minutes when tie one Crooke's tube
which they used failed on account of the
unsteadiness of the electrical current.
The negative was under-exposed, Out it
showed clearly shadows of an iron and
platinum spatula, a coil and a coin, and a
faint shadow of the wooden base of the
tube. In the other experiments yesterday
incandescent and genicler tubes were used.
It was discovered soon, however, that the
Crookes tubes were the only ones with
wh ich they could hope to attain success.
This morning their efforts were renewed
and at the end of five hours' work photo
graphs equaling almost any that have yet
been made by the use of the cathode ray
were produced. With the use of the pow
erful electric current furnished by the
dynamos in the electrical building, to
gether with the Crookes tubes, which they
by chance had on hand, they accom
plished results of the most nattering
nature. "....".T
An ordinary purse belonging Jto Dr.
Joseph Le Conte containing several
coins of small denomination was placed in
front of the ray. After an exposure of one
hour the photographic plate showed the
coins within and the metallic clasp with
remarkable distinctness, while the leathern
purse itself appeared as a mere dark haze.
A dead gopher was also taken, and, after
an exposure for a period of time equal to
that expended on the purse, the plate
showed the skeleton of the rodent with al
most perfect clearness, while the hair,
skin and fleshy part appeared as if made
of gauze.
following these, photographs were
taken through wood of various kinds, and
through a number cf metals, such as
platinum, gallium, aluminum and sal
iuium. Tv-"T> : f/yp
In making these experiments a large in
duction coil was used without make and
break, piece current sent through the
primary. No make and breaK piece was
used at all, but an alternating current of
100 volts pressure. The Westinghouse al
ternate pressure of 1000 volts' current fur
nished by the dynamos was led over to a
pair of transformers. , ■/ "..-•;". ■'■..-
This reduced the pressure to 100 volts.
The 100- volt alternating current led to the
primary of.the induction coil.. The sec
ondary of the induction coil was connected
to each end of the Crookes tubes. The 100
--volt alternating current was varied at will
by a resistance which couid vary the effect
in the tube. This was used in the alter
nating primary circuit. The apparatus
taken altogether was very similai to that
used by . Roentgen, with the exception
that an alternating current instead of an
interrupted current was used. The diffi
culty found with the interrupted current
which was used yesterday was that the
spark at the breakpiece was too violent
and caused the destruction of the tubes.
Before the final and most successful ex
periment yesterday was finished the tube
broke with an exposure of only twenty-nY*e
or thirty minutes. To-day with the alter
nating current and the Crookes tube sev
eral exposures of over an hour were made.
An attempt was made to photograph the
skeleton of a fish, but the ray went through
its body with such intensity that it ap
peared perfectly transparent. Dr. Joseph
Le Conte said that this result was due to
the imperfectly calcified bones' of the fish.
The experimenters considered them
selves fortunate in having on hand a
number of Crookes tubes, for they realize
that the results of their work would not
have been near so successful without them.
The tubes were secured by Dr. John Le
Conte fourteen or fifteen years ago and lay
unused in the storeroom until yesterday.
An attempt was made to photograph car
bonic acid, with a view to determining the
relative density between it and other sub
stances of a similar nature, but the ex
periment was without satisfactory results.
Those directly interested in the pursu
ance of the experimental work with the
cathode ray at the university are most en
thusiastic in their remarks concerning the
results already accomplished aud the pros
pects which lie before them. .
"We have made a good start," said Dr.
Le Conte to-night, ''and there seems to be
no reason why we cannot do just as succss
ful work with our apparatus as any one
anywhere else. We have most excellent
electrical service and as for the machinery
and all the accessory apparatus, it is at
our disposal. We will in all probability
prosecute our worK vigorously. I think
we will take it up again next Monday
where wel eft off to-day." '7. ,
THE EASTERN DOGS WON
Sport at the Opening Meet of the
Interstate Coursing
Club.
A Sixteen Dog Stake at. Ocean View
Park To-Day With Some
, Crack Entries.
The members of the recently reorgan
ized Interstate Coursing Club and quite a
number of their friends spent a pleasant
day yesterday watching the running that
took place in the inaugural meeting of the
club at Newark Coursing Club.
As the entries in the meetings of this
club are limited to the dogs of members,
the affair was somewhat exclusive, which
tended to make the crowd smaller than it
would otherwise have been.
The day was perfect and the grounds in
• fine -condition, barring a slight hardness,
that was rather trying oh the feet of the
dogs. 7. 77/7/
. Interest in the affair was heightened by
the fact that E. H. Mulcastcr, the Eastern
coursing enthusiast, was on hand with
some of his best dogs, and the sportsmen
present were all agog to see what showing
they would make with' the California
hounds. 7 In previous meetings the East
ern dogs have not shown up very well.
Yesterday the case was different, however,
for Mule-aster's dogs made marks of their
opponents. ■ . T _._■'■
Following is the result of the run-down :
J. 11. Rosseter's Pocahontas beat Robinson &
Peyton's Lass o' Gow:rie; J. R. Dickson's Ca*.
miila beat T. Butler's Susie; M.-. Curtis' Lady i
Campbell beat, J. H. Rosseter's Santa Alicia;
James Deane's' Livingston ; beat M. Traynor's
Kate Krogin;T.*J. Healy's Let Her beat M.
Curtis' Cleverness; H. Spring's Bonnie Belle .
beat Robinson <_: Peyton's Red Rover.
First ties— Pocahontas Deat, Camilla', Lady
Campbell beat Livingston, Bonnie Belle beat
Let Her B. • . . .■'..'■■ ' **'■_. ;*
The old dog stake was then taken un
and carried through the run-down as fol
lows: A" ■::•:■
H. G. Layng's Miller's Maid beat Robinson &
Peyton's Royal Daisy; E. H. Mulcaster's Fear
Not beat John Perigo's Wee Lassie, P. J. Reilly's
Eclipse beat M.Traynor's Whip (formerly May
[Tea Boy), H.H.Ue vine's Stonewall Jackson
beat J. R. Dickson's Hercules, T. Cooney'
Right Bower a bye, George Watson's Belmont
beat M. Traynor's Valley Maid, P. J. Reillv's
Jimmy Rix bent J. McCormack's Rapid, M.
Curtis' Ruby beat T. P. Mcluerny's Little Ban
Shee, Robinson & Peyton's Daisy Crest
beat D. J. Healy's Applause, H. G.
Layng's Royal Buck beat M. H. Shee
• ban's Dynamite. J. F. ('race's Rollalong
beat D.Shannon's Tydarent (formerly Flash
light}, D. Shannon's Flying Buck beat S. W.
Smith's Manuka, James Byrnes' Seminole beat
P. W. Sheehan's Banjo, J. 11. Halton's Kitty
Scott beat S. E. Portal's Laurelwood (formerly
Elmwuoa), D. Dillon's Lady Fitzgerald beat
T. J. McHugh's SculDtress, M. Curtis' West
Side beat P. J. Reillv's Dottle Dimple, J. H.
Rosseter's Wayfarer beat T. J. Cronin's Reli
ance," Robinson A Peyton's Master Glenkirk
beat Henry Spring's Bill Nye, TLomas Cox's
Sam beat M. Rodgers' Sly Boy, E. 11. Mul
caster's Kirk Glen beat T. .1. Cronin's Best
frump, T. P. Mcluerny's Royal Fellow beat P.
Kelly's Jack, Robinson & Pevton's Banker
beat James Byrnes' Mohawk, D. J. Healy's
Moondyne beat T. McDonald's Lissak.
To-day the three puppies left in will de
cide where the prizes belong, and the ties
Of the old-dog stake will be furnished.
Sixteen clever dogs— anion? them W.
Shields' Recent, W. ]). Murphy':. Lord
Clifton, T. Nunan's Yreka, J. J. Edmunds'
Vida Shaw, C. Evans' Daabaway, A. Mer
rill's Snowbird, Villa kennel's Tempest.
J. J. Larkey's Spinawav, J. J. Edmunds'
Valley Queen, J. Sexsm-tth's Mission Boy
and Villa kennel's Electric—will run at
Ocean View coursing park to-day for good
prizes, and a splendid day's sport is an
ticipated.
HOTEL AKEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. ...
8 A Hoffman, San Jose T Eraser, Sacto
S D Dalton. 8 L Obispo J Blair <fc \v, Sacto
W E Gerbra Aw, Sacto Ci; Ford, San Andreas
W G La Rue it w.Duluth E Darkness, Oroville
J Davison, Vallejo J X Hall, Santa Rosa
E Fitznatricfc, RedwdCy J So'cn it «r, he IwoodCy
J Monahan, Menlo Park J Berryman, Berkeley'
GR Davidson, Ridley F McMulliu, Sec
M Smith, Stockton EM West, Stockton
l: R Michaels <fe w, Ariz \V Mullanv. Santo
8 Orr, Fresno Mrs Reynolds, Palo Alt?
Miss R-vnolds, Palo Alto Mim _ Lennon, Gilroy
Miss J Lennon, ("ilroy Z F Davis Aw, Portland
ES X Moore A w.Chlcego 1- Smith, Portland
Mrs X Pnelps, Chi a." Mrs C J Aspeld, W'nshtn
Mr.. How-land. Riverside X Putnam A w, X V
F M Helm, Fresno H X Russell, Chico
Mrs J A Williams, l Marks. Oroville
J i' Daley, Eureka (' YV Catson & w. Eureka
S S Hall, Sac J Gallagher, Fresno
J J Hanlon, Sac ' John Lodge, Sac-
Mrs C E Re«, (TJlroy El_ Biggs, Gridley •. ,
YV D Andrews, Salt Lake Wlt Biuret*., Colusa . ,
C A Vail, Fresno L Meyer, Healdsburg
J R Tray man, Los An; S Rowland, Sutter Creek
P Musto & "Ft, Stockton Dll Dwight, Spokane
Mrsstonsland, Visalia D SHayward, st Cloud
J B YY ebb, La Crosse R H Latimer, Martinez
C YV YValdronitw.S Cruz (' VV stone, Vallejo
II M Merrlweather.Kan- JG Miller. Sac
sas City s E Loughborough, X V
J D Radford, Montana C X McL-Uth. X V
Mrs M Anderson, Miss E li. Petaluma
R L hear it w, -Napa R Clark. Suisun
Miss Clark, Suisun p YY' Handy, Dklab
H Kahn, X V i: t Frazli Aw, sac
\V A Croxton «fc\v,P.oseb .Mrs J H McCudden, Valla
LICK HOUSE.
(* I McLean, Grass Val " O H Bossert, Wis
\V JT i 'rr. Santa Rosa L L Janes, Mill Y'alley
J R McQuillan & w, Cal S V Clolt, St Helena
H Todd, Oakland YY' .1 starker. Cal
YV Brooks, Cal E <' < ho: ham. Stockton
I* Schowreck, X V ii Xunuemaker. Y'isalia
Silas Carle, Sacto E P. Kington A w, Cal
J Maekey, Sacto B Bnrcar, VacaviUe
P Grant, Cal 11 E Wilder A w, 8 Jose
c Steenbergh, Brentwd •! M Woodbury, san Jose
H M Smith A w. Md W A Howell, l'akerstleld
E A Schneider it \v, Cal M Farr, Merced
J It Hampton, D C XL Drew, sacto
H o Miller. San lose II Kahn, X V
3 Foxall Aw. Stockton D P Morrison, 11l
C Devlne, BO - --y *.", A Town., Oroville
M Clint, Mich E Marshall it i, X V
A E Baker A w, Oroville Q D Hawkins, Visalia
S Hy mau, Pa C H Morrison A w, Wash
PALACE HOTEL.
J H Coates, Philadelphia 8 X Xoakes, England
E(l heeler, San Jose YV A Perry. Riverside
G YV Hamlin, Chicago J YV Betts. Arizona
B 0 Steinman, Sacto H Kind, New York
J Kiber, Chicago A IN Fitch, Tacoma
J Davidson & Mich LOpsbfetA w, Michigan
Miss Fisher, Michigan "Mrs E Alnsworth. X V
B R Kitteridge, X V Chas Marsden. Los Ang
E V Saver, California Mrs. R A Richards. A I
Mr A Mrs X Bowden, Cal Mi. Trimble. San Jose
Mrs M L Wilson. Cal J L Hamburger, Chicago
Cll Hunter, New York YV II Fisk, Cbieaeo
J S Smith. Illinois E C Yon Enden. YVis
X Brooks, San Jose 8 X \Vhd,ton, San Jose
YY* <_' Peyton, Santa Cruz C Adams. Fre-_<.
Mrs G Adams, Fresno G YY* (aider. Ci.Tcago
H D Luff, Chicago M YY* Becton, Boston
J C F Slav-ton, Boston Mrs J C I* Slay ton, Boston
Mis X J Black, Marshall
BALD IX HOTEL.
J M Crawford, Rakrsi'.d J H horierts, Sacramento
E A Mitchell, VallejA Aivia Fay, Bakers
J V Brighton, Bakrsfld A D Smith, Y'alUjo
J "W Cummlngs, Y'allejo G Francis <few. Sacra
.11 l. Wise. San Rafael Q X Martin. Sioux City
YV Warner Aw, Oakland C O YVhltc, Palo Alto "
J M Angmano.Sn Mateo M de \"ries, Stockton
M Ffiedlander, Chicago ■ YV L Bradford, Salinas
E T Bartlett, Lowell, Ms L Uhfelder, Los Angeles
C YVhitehorne&w. VaJjo F Menefee Aw, sntaCruz
Miss I Beede, Stockton B Brown, St Louis
C v* White, Boston H Sawabv. Arizona
R P Welch, New York
XEYV WESTERS HOTEL.
A Stevens, Kites John Brennan, Oakland
J Gallagher, Lynn, Mass QH Bartall. Stockton
Geo Thompson. Ohio • P F Ryan. \ aUeio
Wm YV Allen, Boston L F Levens. Berkeley
J M Miller & wf, Denver John S Hayes, Chicago
Hiss A L Smith, Vallejo James Hamilton, Denver
Jonn Havnec, Denver C Jensen A wf. Chicago
J C Tergens, Indianapolis YV Mes_rney__wi,t*ortlnd
T James A at, Stockton •
Sale of Haßgin's Colts.
A sale of J. B. Haggin's Rancho del Paso
yearliugs will take place at the spring meeting
of the YVestchester Racing Association begin
ning May 15. There will bo 140 colts put
under the hammer. .
NEW TO-DAY.
GOSPEL TRUTH.
Why Tell a Lie and Get
Caught at It?
True Merit Always Stands the Test— A.
Few Instances to "Trove It Many
More Where They Come from.
t_ . -^- Testimonials are not
P> j-^ tj much good in a horse
-"W 'OX *$Yi - rade -
( I j l*__f I _ fx\. You want to buv a
il Sl__|> J r.iJry 1 -°-"* c to tro - in threa
r-^TZP^p/i » ; / _ ' minutes. Trot the horse,
•J f~P*\ vii that tells tho story.
7 1/7 \*' Every day we get let-
yprjil Ji - ters saying, "If we only
K7/ yrfl knew that No-To-Bao
1/7 ill would cure the tobacco
][_, ____>7>\ habit we would gladlv
'A *''* & .~ give live times the
-•'■ ' Pp. '-■■'. price.'' . ' . ■■■:
We often wonder whether such people really
warit a cure. ;.r- ; '••' •-'•'-.
Why ?
Simply because we absolutely sell No-To-Bao
under a guarantee to cure, and at a price
wihin _ the reach of all. Your own druggist
guarantees it, so you don't have to take our
word. ,r .
Over 20,000 druggists sell and guarantee No-
To-Bac- over 1,000,000 boxes sr Id ; over 300,-
-000 cures' over 10,000 testimonial letters with
requests to publish. Here are a few:
MINISTER SAVED AFTER 31 YEARS.
Tyrone, Art., Sept. 16, 1893.
Gentlemen: I must say that for 31.years I have
been a perfect slave to tobacco, and etih safely sav,
as a minister of the gospel, that two boxes of No-
To-Bac has completely cured me of any desire for
the poisonous weed, so that I feel like a man once
more in life. Yours truly,
REV*. J. A. PRESTON.
DRIVE*** - OUT OF TEXAS.
Cloverdale, Ind.. August 10. 1895.
Gentlemen: One year ago while living in Hen-
rietta, Texas, I became so nervous from the use of
tobacco that it was a burden to me to keep still in
one place any length or time.
I bought one box of your No-To-Bac and used it
according to directions, and gained 15 pound. In
two weeks. It cured me of the use of tobacco and
also of nervousness, for which 1 am thankful.
;•-.*- Yours respectfully,
7p;/7 .■ , J. E. ERAIZER.
HAD TOBACCO HEART FAILURE.
Jamkstowv, N. y., September 25, 1"*95.
Dear Sir: I have been cured of the use of tobacco
by taking No-To-Bac. I never felt better in mv
life than right now. lam forty-nine years old and
do not know what sickness means now. I used to
be sick while using tobacco and had spells of heart
failure, but it is all gone, thanks to Xo-I'o-Bac.
Very truly yours,
JA_JEri O. BATEMAN.
YEARS OF TOBACCO EAT I NT..
Galena, Kan ... July 27, 1895.
-Gentlemen: A year ago I sent to yon for three
boxes of No-To-Bac, and before two were used all
desire for tobacco was gone, ana since tobacco has
not entered my mouth— and this after not chewing,
but eating for years. I used over a pound a
week. I can say to all who desire to quit tobacco
permanently, give No-To-Bac an honest trial and
you will succeed. , Respectfully, •
;.. .. W. 11. BOYCE.
Now, frankly, what more can we do or say?
It is for you to act. Just try to-day. the right
time is right now. . If you don't like reeling
better after the first week you can, learn to-
bacco-using over again. Get our booklet,
"Don't Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life
Away." Written guarantee, ; free sample,
mailed for the asking. Address The Sterling
Remedy Co., Chicago or New York.-
1314
THE GRAND JURY
TO INVESTIGATE
Supervisors and Spring Val
ley Directors Under
Fire.
FIXING WATER RATES.
i
Conference Between a Committee
of the Jury and Herman
Schussler.
■PLEDGES MADE AND BROKEN.
' The Jury Will Round Up Supervisors
and Directors and Send for Books
and Bank Accounts.
The present Grand Jury of the City and
County of San Francisco has not been
very prominent in the newspapers.
Weekly sessions have been maintained,
but the members, with the example of the
'. ..ldridge Grand Jury in mind, have been
! exceedingly reticent about discussing on
the outside any of the inside deliberations.
It has been known, however, for the past
; three weeks that a committee of the jury
had been making diligent and extended
inquiry into the question of water rates.
In regard to the water service for shipping, i
the investigation was so skillfully con
ducted that ample proof was presented to
: the jury that the cost of suDplying water
was a grievous tax on commerce. Still
further it was shown conclusively tliat a
monopoly inside of a monopoly had grown
to alarming proportions on the water |
front, and that the "tax levied was not !
only excessive but unequal. For equal
service one ship was compelled to pay a j
much larger sum than was charged an
other vessel almost similarly situated.
The Grand Jury resolved to abolish, if
possible, the extortion and 'prevent tie
discrimination, and being a conservative j
Grand Jury with a horror of sensational
{features in its career resolved to have !
I closed-door conferences with the Supervi
sors and the representative of the Spring
Valley Water Company.
Accordingly, a committee, presumably
the water committee, consisting of.C. j
O'Connor, C. S. Laumeister and A.V.
Price, accompanied by other jurors, waited
on Herman Schussler as the representative j
of the Spring Valley corporation and sub- j
nikted the facts to him.
Mr. Schussler was assured that the j
Grand Jury did not want to make a great j
noise, create a sensation and get conspicu- j
ously in the newspapers, and therefore the |
committee desired him, as the representa
tive of the waterworks, to consider the
facta and figures which the committee had i
in its possession and to grant such relief in
the adjustment of rates for the incomin_t
year as would be fair and equal to all con
• sumers. ',
Mr. Schussler received the committee I
with his well-known suavity and courtesy, !
assuring the members that it would afford !
■ .- ■•■■ .-■ ■ ... -. .-...■■ -
NEW TO-DAY,
fs3* BBS,™ wi i_f 1 \ « H-_MW_BHMfc'_'!-^^T-l yy_Bll->S>> «■
&£__[ « V _4^^L_\ a j(K_a|B^j^jHKi£yy-*tJipM / x
t-Etiu9s97P/ * '-•• - ■■' ___s?_rs__L V' _) ___ 8 B r* ipss 9 W i>_M____^"^"-— 3
l^_-u -..'■ ~ .^<"' <^^_____^ftj_BaitfyM »^_-^ P*^ Jwßwßp>BjtffllMiB_t .*^@%&ft-?> *Aa %^fey*"-««
m». __--. _>*_<) Hsfex^v I '^H. t^^f.'7y?^pKff^_w__w__Ka_S_i--__ I^^HB _BD_jfiß_____{_?l---__-f___M l
j&B_____&^"*/ .Ty- 'fSStVt' ' *s*S!ips?»j?<|JMfc JWjmwMiHroMSßtwJjß^^^S — "~^
St _-_/____ ITi'i'^'^ ■**"^*r^TT J&L _• j^^^p *^»-'"^^^^*^^^i r^_ffiT*lWl
_#___^^__^^_^*^^__^^ colored har»ln, dry, *"" 56 -- rcc -> itching, feverish palms, ftnt.^wgvw*^^^g^^u»^Mg^k^
_^_^rJpW v&V T&r vi__» vw? •hapcleee nolle, thlu treatment is simply wonderful, jf Tg&f
__*r i a \W \W viz Y!s__/ A/TO I/Si? &w^ tt »_r*!?- Brftui. d«^ r. ?«wiibw _■ bp«a f/twda», g, e, its? vflf y§
/_T /_F \W \W J_W A V 'MiiiXiTO mi whim iW-^-r,^ wti^ j^lv.lkX Y«r AW ■• W 11 vft :
#1 1 1 1_ff I AJBU 1 J JI 1 1 ,i\__
j him especial pleasure to redress any griev
! ances existing. He commended the gen
; tlemen of the' jury for their wisdom and
j judgment in thus presenting the case pri
vately and in confidence. Speaking for
J the water company; he assured the com
i mittee that it was the desire of the cor
' poration to establish and maintain friendly
relations with its patrons.
Thus encouraged the spokesman enum
! crated the reforms desired. Mr. Schussler
j was confident that the directors of the
j company would respect the wishes of the
Grand Jury. Finally one of the jurors
I suggested that the matter should be put in.
I writing and this proposition received as- j
! sent. The written resolution was intro- i
! duced by a preamble, setting forth the fact
| that Goodall. Perkins <fc Co. had a monop- J
i oly on the water front; thata discriminat- j
| ing and onflfeus tax for supplying ships •
with water was levied. The resolution j
following the preamble declared that the j
| special contract with Goodall, Perkins &
i Co. should be abrogated; that rates should
| be reduced so that the maximum pTice
for any ship supplied at this port would I
not exceed the charges to other consumers.
Mr. Schussler assured the committee I .
that the directors of the corporation j
would hold a meeting at once and adopt
the resolution. Meanwhile the committee !
received assurances also that the Super
visors would join in efforts to bring about
the desired reduction when the subject of
annual rates came up for action in the
board.
To bring the matter directly to the at
j tention of the Supervisors the Grand Jury
I on February 14th sent a communication
j to the board setting forth that in the order
j fixing water rates for the year ending June
j '0, 1 *-•!.*_, " your honorable body allowed to
: be charged for shipping at the wharves a
j rate of $1 75 per 1000 gallons by water
measurement, which was greatly in excess
of the general rates."
.Reference was made in the communica
tion to the practice of the water company
: of farming out to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
the privilege of supplying ships. The
Supervisors were informed that this Jinn
was making arbitrary rates to consumers
greatly in excess of the rates allowed by
the order. "
In conclusion the Grand Jury wrote:
We, therefore, request that in making the
rate-- for the coming year, as you are immedi
ately about to do, you will take the above facts
into consideration, and we respectfully de
mand that such rates shall be uniform for ali
for the same service. We also suggest that the
I rates for water supplied to any vessel' lying at
' any wharf within the "City limits shall be by
meter' or tank measurement, and shall be
rixed and uniform, whether the same be sup
; , plied by any corporation, company, firm or mi
i dividual, and that any charge or collection for
! ■ water in excess of such rates shall be a misde
meanor. I '
After a close and thorough investigation of
| this matter, the Grand Jury respectfully sug
gests tnat your honorable body will immedi
ately act on this communication, and relieve
the shipping interests oi excessive rates and
: unjust discrimination that is now apparent to
! the ■ injury of the commercial growth and
prosperity of the City.
• . Frank Maskey, Chairman.
F. P. McLennan, Secretary.
* Friday afternoon, February 14, the j
I Grand Jury adjourned in a happy frame
;of mind. Members were confident' that :
the directors of- the corporation would j
| meet on the following day and adopt the
I' suggestion of the committee. Confidence |
| was also expressed that ; the Supervisors, I
Eerceiving the spirit of fairness manifested
y the water company, would acquiesce,
j and thus lift a grievous burden from the
j commerc. of the port.
To the utter surprise and bewilderment
I of the Grand Jury the Supervisors held a i
! forty-minute session on the following
j Monday evening and re-enacted for the j
j year ending June 30, 1597, the old, unjust !
j and discriminating water ordinance j
I against which' the jury had so earnestly j
j protested. .
The wrath and indignation of the jurors l
j could not be suppressed ih the jury-room, j
j but for the sake of keeping a sensation out >
of the papers the wrath was smothered for
a time. Then came the whisper, at first
i subdued, that the directors of the com- '
I pany, ignoring the acts of Mr. Schussler,
j and placing that gentleman in a false po-
I sition, had not adopted the recommenda- j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23. 1*496.
tions which he presented to them. Grad
ually it came to light that a meeting of the
directors of the corporation had been held,
and at that meeting a report was secured
that an expert, after investigating the
Grand Jury charges. for "twelve hours,"
had found that no cause for complaint ex-,
isted.
This was too much for even a conserva
tive, orderly and discreet Grand Jury to
endure. Sensation or no sensation it was
resolved to round up the Supervisors and
the representatives of the water company.-
The longer the subject was discussed the
i deeper the indignation became. The
| Grand Jury feels that it • was betrayed by
i the water company and the Supervisors.
Last Friday was the day fixed for taking
j extreme measures, but there was advice
j then against proceeding in haste. Mem
| bers of the Grand Jury want to be fortified
i with as much information as possible
j before entering' upon the important in
! vesication. 7 77T-7' «
it may be necessary in the course of the
inquiry to place. every known agent or
officer of the* water corporation on the
witness stand in the. room and compel
! the production of books and papers. The
| 'belief is so strong that some of the Super
i visors were corruptly influenced in rush
j ing the water ordinance through without
consideration that they will be called upon
to make a show-down of their individual
transactions and resources. The Grand
Jury fully comprehends the difficulty of
I tracing out corrupt transactions in the
Board of Supervisors, but the jurors are
fully convinced 'that the taxpayers of San
Francisco were shamefully betrayed by
the board and that failure to investigate
| would reflect on the honor of the jury.
THEIR FIRST STAG PARTY.
Members of tlio Caledonian Club Spend
an Enjoyable Evening. I
The first of a series of social sessions or
"stag parties" was held by the Caledonian
Club in their new hall Friday evening
and was a decided success in every way,
the rooms being packed with members
overflowing with enthusiasm. \V. C.
Cook presided and acted as toastmaster.
Chief D. 11. McNeill made an address of
welcome after which came a song by D. H.
Finnic ; a narrative of extensive travels
in. Scotland by Y. C. Lawson, which was
greatly enjoyed; remarks by Andrew Wil
kie, president of the St. Andrew's Society,
in his usually happy strain; a speech by
John McGillivry, ex-Mayor of Denver,
Colo. ; song by Jock Smith, "Bonnie Scot
land": remarks by the treasurer of the
club, George Davidson; song, "The Cam
eron Men," by Archie Lauriston; remarks
of kindly affection for sister societies, by
R. S. Falconer; song by W. C. Cook,
"Scotland Yet," and. a stirring address by
Chief McNeill, on "The Greater Scotland,"
telling of the love of Nova Scotia and
Prince Edward Island especially for the
mother country, which all responded to
with unusual enthusiasm.
The refreshments were abundant and
good-fellowship * prevailed. "Auld Lang
Syne" closed the festivities and the club
dispersed to meet "anitherxiay."
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
A Few. Exciting ami Closely Contested
Games Flayed.
The handball courts were fairly well at
tended yesterday afternoon and a few ex
citing and closely contested games were
played, as follows:
San Francisco court— P. Hutchinson and D.
Connelly met defeat from J. Lawless and T.
Regan, 21 — 0, 21—10. \V. Williams and J.
Nelson were defeated by J. Siatterv and P.
Kelly, 21— 7, 10— 21, 21— 10. D. O'Brien ann
G. Hutchinson defeated M. McDonald and B.
McKenzie. J. Harlow and J. Lawless defeated
A. I'ennoyer and ML Dillon, 21—0, 19—21,
10—21,21—18,21—15.
Union' court John Cronin and Terry Mc-
Manns defeated M. Morton and J. McQuinn,
18-21, 21—17, 21-19. T. Linehan and W.
Kehoe defeated T. Feeney and T. Jordan, 21—
12, 21, 21—13. John,McGrath defeated
W. McManuß, 21—15, 21—17, 21—20. J. J.
Feeney and R. Linehan played a single-hand
game, and, after , each won two games, the
nnal was postponed till to-day.
MURDER, MYSTERY
AND SUICIDE.
Morton Street Again Yields
Its Ghastly Quota of
Crime.
DEATH OF MAY CONBOY.
James Dolan, Her Slayer, Takes
His Life With the Same
Pistol.
BOTH WERE BEASTLY DRUNK.
The Police Are in the Dark as to
the Cause Which Led to the
Tragedy. »
Morton street, in the heart of a progres-
May Conboy and James Dolan, the Two Victims in the Most Recent Morton-Street
Tragedy. 7a7/z
sive City, within a stone's throw of the
loading hotels and businesa houses,
I viewed day after day by children passing
to and from school and young girls and
women attending the theaters, has again
within ten days sputtered its ; indelible,
stain on the escutcheon of San Francisco.
i The latest crime, committed only yester
day morning, when May Conboy and
James Dolan were discovered dead in one
of the vile dens, created but a passing ex
citement—mystery, murder and suicide
appearing to be what is expected from this
locality. -.
"Who is it?" "Who did it?" and "Have
they got the culprit?!' ; ; That seemed to be
the extent of the world's curiosity.
Yes, the murderer was captured yester
day; his dead body was found bleeding
over that of his victim. The pistol with
which he had taken her life and his own
was still in his grasp. The name, .occupa
tion and antecedents of the girl are well
known, but the element of mystery still
remains in the fact that there is no known
reason why Dolan and his consort should
have sought the end.
But the police are not worrying as they
did in the case of unfortunate May Mc-
Dermott, who was choked to death a few
doors above May'Conboy's den by some
unknown a few days ago. There is no
reason to search for the murderer this
time, and they are content. One more
young woman has been wiped out of ex
istence, that is all ; and' Morton street will
not miss the unfortunate, for there are
plenty more to take her place. 7 -/::
There are some features in the case,
however, that should excite, more than a
passing thought.' Four burly policemen
were supposed to be on duty in the very
street where the Killing took place. Yet
they did not hear the noise of the shooting.
"Lizette," a French. woman, on one side
of May Conboy's "crib," as these places
are termed, and May Raymond, on the
other side, slept in their dens during the
night, and they did not hear the shooting.
Nobody knew anything about the case
until i_fter 8 o'clock in the morning when
the Chinaman who usually "makes up" the
rooms tried to gain admission. Failing,
he reported to the Raymond woman who
is the" proprietress of "four of the dens. The
latter peeped in through a back window
and caught sight of May's lower extreme
ties hanging in a gruesome manner over
the side of the bed.
She called the girl asking her to open
j the door, but the dead had no ears for the
I living.
Miss Raymond then called upon Officers
I Samuels and Murphy who burst open the
door and were confronted by the blood
stained corpses. ';;. : 'T7'_ '/
It was high noon and thousands of
women, men and children were on the
streets waiting for the Washington Birth
day procession. The news of the double
killing spread like wildfire and the throng
soon crowded Morton street where it was
taught another lesson in crime. •
This murder and suicide is but a story
in low life, and its horrible details are best
left untold. The young woman not over
two years ago was a bright and good girl.
Her relatives essayed to bring her up in
respectability, but the tempter stepped in
and she fell. '
.Dolan, her murderer, likewise came from
respectable parentage,- but drink brought
him down to her degraded level. Their
liaison began in Tiburon, where both
were employed, and his spare moments
and cash he usually spent in this City
with her.
The, man who first sent the girl on her
downward path ceased his attentions
many months ago, and the only intimate
friend she was known to have was the man
who now occupies a slab at the Morgue be
side her. • • : '.-.
The actions of -the couple from the time
the man reached this City on Friday after
noon have been pretty weir accounted for.
They met in the girl's den, after 7 o'clock,
and began an extended tour of the saloons
•in; the tenderloin district.' They spent
considerable time and - drank consid
erably in the Manhattan and . Gaiety sa
loons on Ellis street. . Shortly after mid
night they returned to the "crib" at 108*^
Morton street, and : drank some more.
About 2:30 o'clock in the morning the girl
called upon her landlady and paid her the
rent for .the night, saying she and- her
friend would remain there, as she felt very
tired. ' ■ :'; .y ■/,/■'-'; T. ■*.-; ..... ,
" Subsequently, between -.30 and 5 o'clock
in the morning, the girl walked into' the
barroom ' kept by D. Chesney, at 113 Grant
avenue, where she ; purchased a bottle of
beer. She .returned there shortly after
ward and , borrowed a glass... At that time
she held j a short conversation with a col
ored man named William; Edward .Price, '
who is the last person except her murderer
so far as is known who saw her alive. : - ; ***
1 The condition of the room where the
bodies were found would i lead to the be
lief that there was nothing, in the- nature
of a quarrel .just .prior to s the shooting.
The girl, with a bullet in her left temple,
lay on her back and held a half ' smoked
cigarette in her left hand. 1 The murderer
must have silently and unobserved placed'
the muzzle of the weapon to .- her * head
while she was half dozing. , He followed
this by shooting himself in the right
temple. V . V 7 ,T'T.,.TT-T .'77. ■'
. J. J. McMahon of 111 Bernard street and
A. D. Keyes of -1642 Sacramento ? street
called at the Morgue yesterday, afternoon
and identified Dolan. McMahon *is- a
nephew.of the dead man. He took charge
of the body. Keyes is a railroad man and
knew Dolan at Tiburon. George; Dolan, a
brother of the deceased, is also engaged in
railroading in Marin County.
Mrs. Fisher, who keeps the lodging-house
at 520 Bush street, where May Conboy
roomed up to six weeks ago, and a num
ber of other women who "had known the
dead girl during her lifetime, called at the
Morgue and viewed the remains.
They all spoke in warm praise of the
' happy, nature of the unfortunate < young
woman. She had, they said, been drink
ing heavily of late.; In fact she had given
her life up to dissipation, as she had told
some of her friends she had grown tired of
her life, which she realized was a failure,
and did not care how soon the end came.
She-felt her degradation most keenly and
at times wept bitterly over her fall. In
her youth she had been remarkably pretty,
and .even in 'her i coffin there were still
traces of beauty, which a life of riotous liv
ing had done so much to destroy. ; < *
Sergeant ; Conboy called at _ the Morgue
during f the ; afternoon * and ■;•' identified the
body as . that of ■ his .. niece. May ; ; Conboy.
He was "visibly affected. When he recov
ered from the shock he 7 told the Coroner
thit he would take charge of the body of
tne dead girl and would have it buried de
cently and T respectfully. IT The ; sergeant
talked feelingly of the dead girl. 7..
."She was born in Ireland," he said, "but
came here with her "parents when only a
"baby -in arms. Shortly - after - her arrival
NtW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. ■ '*.
DEPARTMENT!
Our stock of NEW RIBBONS for SPRING ,
1896 is now complete [and we are showing
the most elegant assortment of FANCY
RIBBONS ever exhibited in this city. Our
stocks of PRINTED WARP RIBBONS in-
clude DRESDENS, POMPADOURS, PER-
SIANS, PLAIDS, OMBRE EFFECTS,
STRIPES, POLKA DOTS and Taffetas, and
are all in the very latest colorings.
*£=S SPECIAL !
275 pieces PERSIAN RIBBONS, fifty different effects,
full 5 inches in width,
Price 60c a Yard
■Eg SPECIAL ! :=*■
500 pieces No. 22 COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN
RIBBON (warranted pure silk), in all the leading
shades.
Price 20c a Yard
■n; SPECIAL! ':=£-
-400 pieces 4-INCH COLORED GROS-GRAIN RIBBON
(all pure silk).
Price 25c a Yard
iy Country orders receive prompt attention.
£I_P"* Goods delivered free In San Rafael, Sausalito, Blithe-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
7~J[<sM£>_~
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
her mother died and she came to live in
my family. She was carefully educated
and trained as both my wife and I ; were
very fond of her.V She was kind and sweet
natured. She lived with us for over sever. -
teen years. Then one day she told my wife
she had found a place to work and that she
intended to 'do for herself there
after. It was at Mrs. Hare's, hotel in |
Tiburon. "We protested . against her going
out to work, but she cast our objections
aside and went away.
"She got acquainted across the bay
through going there every summer with
my family. It was in this way she got the
place at the hotel. Well.since she was deter
mined to go I withdrew my objections as |
I thought she Would soon return to us
again.
"It was at Tiburon, I think, that she first
met young Dolan. I had known him for
some time. He worked aoout the Post
office at that time. I thought well of him.
He seemed* to be a nice young fellow.
Well, the little girl remained away a year.
"We heard from her from time to time and.
thought she was getting along all right.
She also visited us from time to time.
Well, one day 1 got a note from her. She
was rooming on Fourth street. So I called
at her address and found her without
money or clothes.
"While I was surprised that she had not
saved a little money, as she was earning
$20 a month, I said nothing, but taking
her by the hand took her home with me
and my wife received her with open arms
and dressed her out nicely again. She re
mained with us some time. Dolan was a
frequent visitor. I thought their relations
were in every way proper and' did not ob
ject to his coming to my house. Finally
the little girl went to work in the home of
a family in the Western Addition. I had
already, noticed the change in her. Her
visits to my.house grew gradually less and
finally ceased altogether. : ; She 'left her
place and 1 lost trace of her.
j . "I did everything in my. power for the
poor little girl and now to have her come
to.this end is indeed almost unbearable. It
is about a year and a half since I last saw
her. . I have ; given.orders to the under
taker to take charge of the body. She will
be given a decent burial, as she deserved a
•better fate." ,
j Sergeant Conboy was so bowed with sor
row that he could = barely discuss the sad
story. ,', ... ■■ , ■". .
j At Tiburon both May Conboy and Dolan
are "well known. '.When he quit work at
the railroad he tended the grocery store of I
the Kelly Bros." Subsequently he worked
for Mrs. - Delacroix, a boarding-house
keeper, until about one week ago when the
place changed hands. , . ...
Dolan was born in Ireland about thirty
seven years ago, but 'came here when he
was quite young with his parents, who set
tled in Nicasio, Sonoma County. Oneof ids
sisters, Mrs.' •McMahon*, is at present visit
ing in this City. *
I As a chambermaid, May Dolan worked
for Mrs. John Hahir. and then for J. J.
('affney,whei-e she became a friend of Miss
Nellie Gaff ney. The girls encouraged each
other in . their wayward tendencies, and
when they separated owing to a quarrel
over the affections of Dolan, each went
her way. The result in May Conboy's case
is well known; that in the case of Nellie
Gaff ney is lost in the depths of the Barbary
Coast.
_ The immediate downfall of May Conboy
is laid at the door of a racetrack tout, who
enticed her into the "ladies' entrance" of a
saloon at 422 Fourtn street.
A Novel Entertainment.
Professor Zanzie, better known as the "white
Mahatma," assisted by Madame Zanrie, the
"Rosicrucian somnambulist and modern Witch
of Endor," will give a. novel and interesting
spectacular and magical entertainment on
Tuesday evening at Golden Gate Hull The
affair is said to be unique in character,* nil the
manifestations taking place in the lull glare ol
a brightly illuminated stage. PA:: y
A Bullet His Hand.
Justin Gunnison, the 13-year-old son of Mr.
and Mrs. A. R. Gunnison, 93- Twenty-first
street, accidentally shot himself in the hand
last Tuesday, t The wound has been probed, but
no trace of the bullet was found, and the at
tending physician is thinking of having his
young patient's hand examined by means of
the catnode ray, hoping thereby to locate the
bullet. ' - -
SMASHING BLUEROCKS.
i Grand Open Tournament at the
Lincoln Gun Club's -
Grounds. . "
Winners of Several Races in the
First Shooting Contest of
the Season.
A large and enthusiastic gathering of
sportsmen who take an interest in trap
shooting witnessed .the first bluerock
tournament of the season yesterday at
Alameda point. *..-'
It was held under the auspices of the
Lincoln Gun Club, and much credit is due
the management for the very excellent ■
manner in which the tournament was con
ducted. ;' •
The day was all that could have been de
sired for trap-shooting, ' and, as will be
seen by glancing over the scores, me
very good shooting resulted.
The fusillade on the, rocky pigeons con
tinued from 10 o'clock until well into the
afternoon, and, as the contests- will be re
sumed to-day, it is expected that the de
struction of inanimate pigeons will .baa.
surprise to these who . think that. bluerock
shooting is not a popular pastime.
Some of the most noted * trap shooters
who in past seasons managed to capture
the fat prizes failed to get in on a divis
ion of the prizes awarded yesterday, but
their rather poor shooting was evidently
owing to a want of practice. However, ft
can be safely said that to- win a first or
second prize in a bluerock race thi a year,
a shooter must appear before the trap in
good form and smash; at least seventeen
out of twenty birds to place him among
the winners. ....
T A few years ago a contestant in a bine
rock shoot who could count upon/ten: out
of twelve birds was considered a cracker
jack, but times have* materially -changed
and the smashers of clay who how 'figure
in trap shooting matches must continue
right along without a break in their scores,
or else they may whistle for the golden
pots that warm the pocket. .
I The result of yesterday's scores is as fol
lows: V... \ •;;., I
Ten singles, known- trans- and known an
gles—Fanning 9, Bruns 7, Nauman 8, Slade 7,
Feudner 10, Trombone 10, Schaefer 9, Johnson
9, Winders 8, Merrill 7, Haight.S, Franzen 8,
Karney 9, E.Foster 10, -Webb 10. Hughes
| "Jackson 0, Foster 0. !
Fifteen singles, unknown angles— Fanning
14, Haight 10, Merrill 12, Nauman 14. Feud
ner 10, Trombone 14, Sl«de 11, Schaefer 13,
Johnson 15, Franzen 14, Winders 13, Webb 13,
Rruns 12, Jones 9, K. Foster 8, Allen 12,
Hughes 0, Jackson 12, Hall 10, Warden 13,
FlicKinger 11, Karney 15, Foster 12.
Fifteen singles, class shooting— Karnev 11,,
Feudner 14, Nauman 15, Fanning 14, Haight
13, Trombone 12, Slade 12, Johnson 14,
Franzen 12, Grubb 9, Wllden 6, Webb 11, Mer
rill 13, Schaefer 10, ."runs 13, Whitney 7,
Jackson 9, McMahon 5, Hughes (>, Johnson 11. ,
("wens 10, Feudner 11. Liddle 9, Flickinger I
14, E. Foster 7. Kleveshal 10, Hall 11. ■ • •
, Twenty singles, high guns to win: Slnde 15,
Schaifer 14, Merrill 13, Flickinger 17. Haicht
10, Trombone 18. Wild 17, Feudner 17, Fan- ;
nine 19 Webb 17, Nauman 10, Johnson 14, •
Franzen'l7, Daniels 18, Wentworth 9. Owens
12, McMahon 9. Liddle 14, Justins 9, Jackson
14. Sharp 13, Jones 12, Allen 17, S. Foster 14. ]
Ten birds, extra event— Jackson 7, Wild 9, :
• Webb 8, Nauman 10, Feudner 3, Fanning 10,
' Haight ' 10, Johnson 8, Daniels • 10, Grubb 8, ;
Wen-par 2, Slade 7, Thorn 9, Whitney 7, Jus- '
■■ tin** 3, F'rauzen 6, Sharp 5, Jackson 0, Webb 8,
Jackson 9, Wentworth 5, Grubb 8, Slade 8,
Klevesbsl 0. ' -
.Twenty- bird race— Hall 17, Murdock 14,'
Kleveshal 10, Kobbins 8, Young 13, Golcbcr 15,
Novelty race (reverse system,)— Schafer 8,
Merrill 11, Daniels 13, Slade 11, Haight 8, .
Fran-en 11, Vernon 8, Wentworth 7, Wetmore j
9, Young 9, Grubb 0, Trombone 5, Wild 12, ;
Feudner 11. Fanning 14, Webb 13, Nauman ■
10, Johnson 13, Hall 8, Jackson 12. McMahon j
9, Liddle 10, Justins 9, E. Foster 10, Robbins j
I.'. Winders 12. "■/./'; '
The shooting will be continued to-day. !
-■.-.-.--■ •■ - xA STRANGE
TALE FROM
ROME
ROME, Italy. Feb. There are
j J many strange stories in the rec
r-r'^ ords of Rome— many wild tales '
l^k in those wonderful records of
- myth and of mystery that have
come down to us through so many aces,
but among them all is none stranger or |
wilder than that which during the past
week has startled the whole city and ren
dered the sensitive among her people half ;
hysterical with the dread of a new and un- :
heard-of terror.
The ret portion of the story was told
about the city on tbe evening of last Sun-'
day and came from the custodian of the ■
catacombs. On the afternoon of that day
two guides and a party of sightseers came I
rushing up from the catacombs frantic
with terror to tell a tale such as has not
been heard in Rome since tbe supersti
tious days of the middle ages. The af
frighted guides asserted that when far
down in the subterranean passages they
bad seen the glimmer of an unwonted
light in one of the most distant, danger
ous and unfrequented recesses of the i
tombs. From a desire to find out the '<
cause of the strange light the guides and
their party turned into the side path and I
bad followed it some distance, when a i
sudden opening disclosed a sight that at •
first held them spellbound with amaze- ;
ment and then sent them shrieking and i
terror-stricken to seek safety in flight, j
When they came into the sunlight their
ghastly faces half terrified those who saw i
them. For some time neither the guides
nor the tourists cculd speak coherently, I
and when they could it was a fearfnl tale
they told.
■We saw," said the guide?, "an awful, j
walless, vanities?, limitless space open be- i
fore us in the depths of the tombs. It.
was lighted by fire from hell. Such ai
light was never seen by man on earth be
fore. In the miast of the floorless space,
in the glare of the hellish light, we saw
skeletons moving. They danced together .
IN THAT INFERNAL RAY THE YOUTH AND THE BEAUTY OF LIFE WERE ALL AS HIDEOUS AS THE DEAD OF
THOUSAND YEARS.
without harmony and swung their bony'
arms about with frantic motion. We heard
them gibber and laugh and scream. We
knew they were wicked fiends and we fled.
Yes, we dropped our torches and fled— we, j
the guides, and these strangers with us; i
and surely it is only by the grace of God *
v-"c tind ourselves alive and safe in the sun- j
J-*!. again." |
The strangers who were with the guides j
virtually confirmed their story. Being j
persons of a more intellectual character j
and less given to superstition, they did not j
assert that the light came from hell, nor
that the horrid skeletons were fiends; but |
they did affirm the main elements of the
tale, and showed a terror as great as that
of the guides themselves. This is the
story that was circulated Sunday evening.
It was received. with incredulity by many
persons, but none who had the tale direct
from the guides, or from those who were
with them, could have any doubt of its
essential truth. Terror such as theirs
could not be counterfeited. There might
have been, and possibly there was, some
madness in their brains, but certainly I
there was no hypocrisy in their words.
On Monday morning, while the talk of j
the town was still busy with this story and ,
a thousand theories in regard to it were
being discussed, it was made known that I
four of the most promising students of j
j the university were missing from their j
I accustomed places, and also that one of j
| the workmen in the physical laboratory j
j nad not appeared that morning. Later in
i the day it was told that the students, the
■ workman and four young women had i
entered the catacombs early on Sunday
without a guide, having obtained permis- '
sion to do so on the plea of a desire to
make some experiments in photography
among the tombs. As none of the party
had been seen to return it was evident
they were still in the catacombs, and the
fear arose that they also had seen the
vision 'of horror which had so affrighted
other visitors on that day and had been
too terror-stricken to escape.
Several parties of guides thoroughly
familiar with all the labyrinths of the
catacombs were at once sent out to search
for the missing ones. Before Tuesday
morning one of the , searching parties re
turned bringing the workman with
them, but un to this time the students
and their companions have not yet been
found. The workman when discov
; ered was wandering about chattering in a i
; delirium, and when brought to the sur- !
face was unable to talk intelligently. A
strong soporific was given him, which
j threw him into a profound sleep, from j
which he did not awaken for many hours. j
: When he revived, however, his senses j
; were completely restored and he was able i
to tell to his physician and some profes
j sors of the university a story which ex
! plains the whole of this latest mystery of
■, Rome. '■'
The story can be best told in the words
of the workman himself. It runs in this
way: Ever since the commencement of
| the discovery of a means of photograph
ing the bones within the body the stu
dents in the physical department of the
| uni/ersity have been working night and
, day to accomplish sonde greater wonder in
that direction. They said that while a
' German had led the way, it should be an
j Italian who would complete the victory.
' 1 am not a scientific man, and know noth-
I ing of the X raj*, or cathode ray, as some
j people call it, but I listen to the talk of
; the students and know, of course, what
they are aiming at. One of the most
ardent of them, Signor Valmi, told me it
'. was his intention to generate a new ray of
, such a degree of power that it would be
possible for the naKed eye to see the bones
within the flesh directly and without
having to resort to photography.
When I expressed some doubt of his j
ability to accomplish the feat he said : \
"There are stars in the heavens which
cannot be seen even through the most
powerful telescope, but which register
themselves on a gelatine plate. Ihe light j
from those stars 13 not essentially different |
from that of the stars which are plainly :
visible. In the one case the light is weak I
while in the other it is strong. That is all
the difference. Roentgen's ray can 'be
made visible only by photography. I will :
generate one which will enable you to see
the bones within the man exactly as yon
now see the clothes he wears or the hat on
his head. Nothing is lacking but force, L
and the force will be found." .
' Last Friday Signor Valmi ana three
friends, who were working with him, came
ont of their laboratory together tn great
excitement, declaring they had solved the i
problem. They were disputing eagerly j
among themselves as to the best way of
announcing their discovery to the world j
when I interrupted them. I had an idea l
on that subject myself. It had occurred I
to me that a light of that kind would be of 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
iSO//a/\ A*fC SVAI/G/fT
great service in searching for hidden i
treasure among the older buildings or the
catacombs of Rome, and that whoever in- |
vented it might find a fortune if he would I
use it in such researches before he made it
known to others. I urged the young men, I
therefore, to make a test of the ray in j
searching out whatever might be hidden |
in the catacombs before it was made pub
lic. The idea caught their fancy. "On
Sunday we'll do it," they cried. "We
have worked hard and now for a frolic."
.It was agreed that the affair should be
kept a secret among us, but when did
young men, flushed with a new success, j
ever keep a secret? The four students
met their sweethearts on the Corso on j
Saturday, dined with them and went to j
the theater with them in the evening, and J
when I met them by agreement with the i
instruments from the laboratory on Sun
day, I found the girls with them. It had
been arranged to make a frolic of it in
every respect and the girls, -with a basket
of lunch, were to be taken along.
After going some distance along the fre
quented ways of the catacombs we went
off into a passage where we were not likely
to be interrupted by guides and sightseers
and began to make preparations for the
experiment. Everything was soon in read
iness for the work and we had only to
press the key of the battery to turn on the
powerful ray, when it was suggested to
have luncheon first. We .were all very
willing to favor the proposal, for the jour
ney had been long and we were tired and
hungry from the exertion. It was an ex
, cited luncheon party. All of us were more
| or less nervous, and though we drank lit
! tle our talk and actions were like those of
persons hall intoxicated. One of the girls
sprang up and began to dance. Two of the
students followed her and then the other
girls joined them. Suddenly there was a
whirl of skirls, a flutter of a breeze in the
air, and instantly all the candles which
had been massed together to light the
feast were blown out at once.
The accident was greeted with shouts of
laughter. The girls screamed in pretended
fright and the students began loudly chal
lenging ghosts to come forth and show
themselves. After a little of this amuse
ment I began searching for a match and
discovered to my surprise that I had none.
A request made to the others of the party
brought forth the startling truth. There
was not a match in the party. We were in
the farthest recesses of the catacombs,
without a light, without the means of pro
curing one, and too far from the frequented
passages to be found by the usual parties
j of sightseers. If we had been too merry be
| fore we were sober enough now, and began
to wonder how we could grope our way
hack to the main paths of these under
, ground tombs.
I have a peasant's instincts and a work- I
man's training. Whenever I am at all
bewildered or surprised my mind !
attends mechanically to its accustomed :
I duties, and my word- goes on even though :
j Ibe half unconscious of it. At this mo- ;
: ment, when the students and their friends ;
I hastened in dismay to creep along the
black passage to escape, I turned instinc- '.
tively to find in the darkness the instru
ments belonging to the university which ;
were in my charge, nor did I make a move !
to follow the others .until I had found the
apparatus and mounted it safely on my
• back. When I turned to go I heard the
I party groping ' their . way along and easily
followed them. 'p:.-/'
.We had : moved ;on in . this slow way it •
seemed to me about an hour, when there
i came from the leader of the party a cry of !
I amazement:
"Here is a wall. We can go no fur
| ther!"
Then , came a hurried and despairing
consultation. "We must have crossed the
1 main avenue in .'the darkness without
I knowing it," said one. "We may > have
mistaken our course at the start, and been
going the wrong way all along," said
another.
Whichever of these opinions was correct
it was clear that we were lost. The stu
dents began to swear and the girls to
whimper. Suddenly Signor Valmi spoke.
"Fools that we are," he cried, grope
our wsy in darkness when we have with
us the greatest light known to man— the
supreme light of science— the marvelous
ray which ourselves have perfected." His
voice vibrated with confidence, and we all
brightened up and be_an railing at one
another for so stupidly forgetting the very
thing we had come to the tombs to try.
We were all very joyous then as I lifted
from my shoulders the strap that upheld
the box containing the apparatus— we
were all very gay and chatted merrily, but
if we had foreseen what was going to hap
pen when I pressed the key and started
J that infernal ray we would have smashed
the instrument there and then and
chosen all the agony of prolonged suffer
ing and death in the darkness rather than
j face the horror that was to come upon us.
No sooner had I touched the key than
i there leaped forth a light that was not as
j other lights are. It beat upon the eye
balls like flashes of tierce lightning fol
lowing one another with inconceivable j
I rapidity. The roof, the walls, the floor,
I seemed penetrated by it, and as I glared |
i around in amazement I appeared to be in |
i the midst of an illimitable space whose I
J atmosphere was agitated by incessant
I shocks of electricity and whose light was
I rendered terrible by shifting shadows of
an awful and terrifying blackness.
Before I could recover from the amaze
ment caused by this astounding glare, I
heard from behind me the most appalling
shrieks. I turned quickly and beheld a
sight that shall be with me as terror by
day and by night until death takes me. I
saw before me eight skeletons that started
back from one another with uplifted
hands of horror. I heard from four of
these skeletons, one after another, groans
j of that fearful kind which come from
human lips only when a hideous fear dom
■ mates every fiber of the heart and brain,
I and I saw those skeletons fall prone upon I
j the ground.' I saw four other trembling j
j skeletons stoop to lift up those that fell.
j Then I heard the voice of Signor Valmi,
j but oh ! how different was it from the cd*n
j fident voice that had spoken but a mo
j ment ago.
"Friends," he said and faltered, for his
i voice was husky and hoarse as a raven's
croak, "friends." he repeated, "do not be
alarmed. The skeletons we see are our
selves. It is in the light of the cathode
ray that we behold one another. Let us
be firm. The light is w ith us. Science is
with us and we are safe."
There was enough of confidence in
these words to encourage the students and
I saw them* set about reviving the girls
from the swoon in which they had fallen
at the first shock of the terror. ' I cannot
say that my courage came back, though
j my mind was clear enough to understand
j the meaning of what had happened. I
! crouched low on the floor and watched
! what was going on with eyes that burned
|in my head. 1 saw the fallen skeletons
j rise up. I heard the hasty frightened
\ words that were whispered for encourage
j ment by those who, themselves, had
j little courage. Suddenly the strain be-
I came too great. Men and girls alike went
' mad. They began to shout, to dance, to
leap, to scream. 1 saw them even as _I
; saw the skeletons of the tombs around
them. In that infernal ray the youth and
the beauty of life were 1 all as hideous as
the dead of a thousand years. Then my
brain began to give way and , I fled lest I
should become a maniac there and then.
How far 1 fled or how long I wandered
I know not. When next my senses re
turned I was in this bed and you gentle
men were around me. Of the ' students
and the girls I can tell you nothing more.
They went forth on a frolic in search of
treasure and they found what I have tried
to tell, but what. I cannot- describe and
you cannot imagine..-* I left them between
science and death, and God ' alone knows
which has them now. T.l 7 ''.'• *';." .'
Daughters of - Revolutionary , Soldiers.
There are but nine daughters of Revolu
tionary soldiers belonging to the Order of '
the Daughters of the Revolution,' and the
youngest is a newcomer to the Willimantic
Chapter. She is only 56 years old, for her
father was :74 when she was born, and he
was one of the youngest - soldiers in the
war.— Boston Traveler.
FOR HER BABY'S LIFE.
BY -W..0. MORROW.
A young mother crooning over her first
born sat in her humble cabin on the bor
der of the great Tensas Swamp, that dis
mal, mysterious and all but impenetrable
jungle which stretches for many miles
into the lower border of Alabama , from
the head of Mobile Bay. She was await
ing -the return of her sturdy husband, a
hunter by vocation, who had gone into
the swamp for game. It was the middle
of August and the day was exceedingly
hot. The tall .edges and other grasses
that began where the jungle ceased and
that filled all the broad flat pampas region
lying between the swamp and the forest of
pines was dry and offered a temptation to
fire.
The woman belonged to the common
people, but the infinitely gracious light of
motherhood* shone in her blue eyes and in
vested with rare comeliness a face that
bore beneath its present radiance hard
traces of an inherited necessity to earn a
sustenance by the sweat of the brow.
Strength of limb and health of body were
becoming accompaniments of the rich
coloring of her cheeks, for, having issued
from generations become accustomed to
the miasms of the swamp, she was on her
proper heath and her vigor reflected the
bountiful luxuriance of the surrounding
"SHE HELD HER BABY CLUTCHED TIGHTLY TO HER BREAST."
i vegetation. Modified by the new happi
ness and light that filled her life the dull
ness of her comprehension was still dimly
reflected in her face and in the heaviness
of her movements.
But suddenly she paused in her croon
ing and play with her baby, raised her
head and sat in rigid stillness, listening.
Then her face blanched, and, snatching
her baby to her breast," she sprang to the
door and eagerly scanned the vast stretch j
of dead grass palpitating in the sun. p 7 7/\
."0 God !" she exclaimed, "it is coming."
- As she spoke a blast of hot air struck her j
white cheek, coming suddenly to : disturb j
the dead calm that hitherto j had pre- j
vailed. To the windward, rolling in great
writhing wreaths toward the sky, was a
dense gray, smoke, that, mounting rapidly,
in a moment turned the brilliant sunshine,
to a dusky opal hue. The . flames, urged
by a high wind, whose forerunner had just
assailed her, ran toward her with incredi- j
ble speed and fury— with the speed of the j
wind and the fury of destruction. She i
knew what it was bringing to her in her
lonely and exposed position.
There was no time for regrets; a pre
cious treasure was: clasped to her bosom,
and that was the one thing in all the world
to be saved from the - merciless monster
coming to raze and devour all that lay in
its path. With- a silent prayer to Al
mighty God for the safe deliverance of her
treasure at her hands and with a dumb,
blind hope that somewhere in the profound
and trackless jungle she might find the
one other next and most precious to her
soul, she fled bareheaded and panting to
the protection of the swamp.
Of all the agonies which she thereupon
encountered— fear of the roaring fire
behind that sent broad sheets of flame
athwart the sky and started small tires all
about her; concealed vines that tripped
her feet and rebellious shrubs that tore
her garments: dread of black bear whose
growls of alarm made her knees tremble;
terror -; of frightened panthers whose
screams rang through the dark forest—
none of these things need much be told.
The woman fought her way through the
jungle, now beside herself and under the
influence of a rash eagerness to save her
baby's lite from the innumerable menaces
that dogged her feet. But she knew a
little of these wilds, and with approxi
mate ; accuracy could . judge whether this
tuft or ; that I. was treacherous or firm;
whether this vine would poison her and
therefore her baby as it tore her flesh;
whether her leap was able to clear that
black pool, and whether the dark knob of
moss on the other side' covered a slippery
root or honest ground.
r She held her baby clutched tightly to
her breast, and its loud wailing brought
forth from the' darker clumps of dwarf
palmetto certain hideous creatures that
filled her with a terror far beyond that in
spired by .'the growls of bears and the
screams of panthers. These were the
alligators,' those ancient and . formidable
kings of the Southern-swamps. The sim
ple folk of those lowlands knew with what
jealousy they; had 7to guard the safety of
their babes when these' monsters were
hunting food.
y Once in her ; flight "• she - inadvertently
stepped upon a "young alligator, and its
ensuing sharp squeal brought . plunging
forth its enraged mother, which gave
chase to- the fleeing human mother, so
closely guarding her own ; young. , The
pursuit was soon " abandoned ,' But it im
paired the woman's remaining wits and
she ! plunged, 7 floundered and staggered
forward with but two purposes in her dis
ordered mind— flight onward and onward
and the preservation ;of her child from
harm. ' Indeed, to stop .or turn back was
impossible; not but * that she was now
perfectly safe from the pursuit of fire, but
there was nothing to return to but danger
in the swamp and a possible heap of ashes
where her home had been. She must go
on and on, daring not to call her hus
band's name aloud for fear of the beasts,
but plunging and floundering forward in
the dumb and desperate hope that some
where ahead she might find him, or some
where beyond the jungle discover the
safety of human companionship.
It was thus that after some hours she
was dismayed to find her progress barred
by the broad expanse of the Tensas River.
Behind her lay the terrible forest, " its j
upper parts lashed by the gale and its ;
still depths echoing the moaning and
swishing of the cypress tops and the sway
ing muscadine vines that clambered from
the roots to the summits of the trees.
Before her lay the broad stretch of tide
water, its surface deeply ruffled by the
wind, and beyond its reach of two miles
in width began interminable canebrakes.
Besides a skurrying bird here ana there
not a living thing, not a sign of human
habitation, greeted the wretched woman's
eager scanning.
She did not know where she was nor
how many miles she had come. She knew
only that she was helpless and desolate,
that her baby was crying with fright an^
I hunger, that her own clothes were nearly
j stripped from her body and that she was
i dying of thirst.
There was a hazy interval, though
partly through it rang faintly the peevish,
whimpering cry of an infant followed by
silence. When the mother staggered to
her feet she found her baby sleeping in
th c hot sand beside her. She staggered to
a little pool a few steps away, drank her
fill of tepid, ill-smelling water and re
turned to, her infant. . -,> • :f..'.T
A new danger soon appeared— the twink
ling eyes of mocassins, the most venomous
of all the snakes of the Southern jungles,
peered at her and the child from small
tufts of dwarf cane that fringed the river
bank. She snatched up her * baby and be
gan cautiously to pick her way along the
river, lest she set foot on one of these
deadly reptiles. Soon she found a place of
seeming safety, where she . might enjoy a
little rest and have time to bring her wits
to order and devise means of escape. It
was a great tree that had stood on the low
bank and had fallen into the river at an
acute angle to the shore line. It .was still'
anchored to the bank by a few unsevered
roots on the under side, and although its
great trunk was half submerged, the ex
posed part was broad and secure. Had
not her observation been blunted or possi
bly her experience she would have
observed that the upper part, long denuded
of its bark, bore Certain signs that, had
she known their meaning, would have
made her avoid this refuge as the most
deadly trap into which she could have
fallen. ■ '"-/'■ • -.yAp ' '''
Seeing none of these she walked out upon
the log as far as she could go- to the re
maining stumps of broken limbs,' and there
she sat down, made herself comfortable
with her back resting against a branch
stump, and appeased the hunger of her
whimpering child. The Infant then fell
into slumber. The spot where the woman
sat was in the shade of -the trees on shore.
A feeling of utter exhaustion and of re
freshing coolness came over her, and before
she could realize her peril and summon her
energies for renewed efforts to escape she
went to sleep.
Presently she was ■ roused by a strange
crackling and scrambling, and the log
swayed so heavily that she clutched a
broken branch barely in time to save her
self from the water, which was dark and
deep. It was a second or two after her
heavy eyes had opened that she was able
to perceive a huge alligator slowly creep
ing down the log toward her and thus com
pletely shutting off all means of escape to
the shore. To spring into the river was
out of the question. A choking terror for
a moment paralyzed all her faculties She
realized . that her baby, which" had
awakened •while she slept, was crying
again, and that this sound had attracted
the hungry saurian. With wisdom and
calmness born of a great horror dimly
realized the woman stilled the cries of her
baby, at the same time wrenching a rotten
limb from the prone trunk and waving it
menacingly at the beast. "TvT
: The alligator stopped and watched her
with blinking eyes. She could see; his
broad flanks expand and contract with bis
breathing, and the rank odor of the musk
which issued from an orifice underneath
his throat was borne to her senses with
the hot breath ; that poured heavily • from
his nostrils. There he lay flat on his belly !
perfectly still, hugging the log and blink
ing stupidly at her with his small and
watery black eyes. T.
He was not, more than twenty feet from
her, but presently he began to shorten the
interval by creeping forward with an al
most imperceptible motion. .The woman
believed that if she could command . suffi-
I cient strength to rise and assume a threat-
I ening attitude the monster would retreat,
; for she knew that it was only in the pro
tection of their young that alligators were
ferocious; but she felt that all her strength
had fled. Her legs seemed to be but masses
of stone, cold, heavy and inert; and her
arms, though still retaining strength
wherewithal to grasp her infant and the
rotton branch, had lost their flexibility.
Worse than all, she found it impossible
to remove her steadfast gaze from the
blinking eyes whose glance was riveted
upon her. Nor could she even command
the function of her eyelids, which remained
fixedly open, leaving the eyeball-- to dry
and burn. The huge brown bull*, trailing
thirty feet along the log and led by the
glittering eyes, slowly crept toward her,
while she breathed in short and noiseless
gasps and pressed her baby to her bosom.
Then came an unexpected horror. The
unaccustomed weight upon the log broke
he restraining roots asunder, and, with a
deep rolling like that of a ship in distress,
the log swung free of the shore and began
slowly to drift out into the stream. This
alarmed the alligator, for it was a new
experience on his old basking-log. So he
roiled into the water with a heavy splash
and disappeared beneath the surface.
This gave the log so heavy a roll that it
dipped the woman and wetted her. ln
clutching to save herself, but never for an
instant relaxing her firm grasp of the
child, she lost the club with which she
had held the monster at bay, and now sat
helpless and unarmed.
I The tide was at the ebb and the farther the
I log drifted from the shore the more rapidly
|it began to move down the stream. A
fortunate circumstance resided in the fact
that a number of branches on the under
side of the log remained intact and
served as ballast to reduce the rolling of
the trunk. The wind had fallen and a
dead calm lay upon the dark water. ,
The mother, her babe's month pressed
to her empty breast, sat in numb despair. .
Not even the strength or intelligence to
set the forest and brake ringing with cries
for help abided in her. It was not con
ceivable to her that in all the world there
could be anything but desolation and death.
.This brought a certain .calmness upon her
spirit. She remembered the little home
that her own hands had done so much to
make comfortable, but which to her was
more precious as the nest whither she had
gone with the man she loved, and who,
next always to her baby, filled the meager
measure of her life. It was hard to give
him up, hard to die thus miserably away
from him, leaving no trace of the ones he
loved so fondly and for whose protection
he would have given his life; no record of
the horrors which had been endured nor
of . the terrible end at hand. And
how desperately and eagerly he would
have fought to save them ! How he would
spend days and weeks in searching the
jungle for them, 'calling upon them to.
answer ! - * .-. . v '7/yi7T : :.
"From these bitter and .despairing re
flections she was recalled to her present
state by a heavy scrambling on the log
and a deep rolling of its bulk in the water.
Her tormentor had returned had indeed
kept faithful watch upon his prey from the
time the log had swung free of the bank.
He was more daring now, for delayed sat
isfaction of hunger will invest the most
cowardly beast with a certain order of
courage. . It 7is true that he clambered
upon the farther end of the log. which
was full sixty feet long, but it would # not
require a great length of time for him to
cover the interval. •. :
' Simultaneously -with his advent the
hopeless mother, knowing that it was not
she, but her baby, whose life was Bought
by this loathsome '.monster, became
aware of a strange sound upon her ear.
Although there 'was something vaguely
familiar in it she could not think other
wise. than that it proceeded from within
her and was an admonition of her' death.
It was at first a low and distant rumbling,
seemingly behind her, for by this time the
log • was headed straight down .the river,
and she sat with her face up stream. The
rumbling rapidly grew louder and became
a roar, but it only added to the dumb cold
terrors that held her soul in chains. The
roar changed to a deafening clatter, as
though a thousand smiths were hammering
at their forges, i Then came a screaming
blast that filled all time, space ana percep
tion and transfixed her vitals with piercing
pains. Upon that the huge black bulk of
glittering eyes, heaving flanks and dripping
scales plunged hastily into the tide. The
loud clattering and screaming ceased, and
thinking that she was dying the woman
pressed her baby closer to her bosom and
closed her eyes. . ,
But the clattering had been as friendly
as its cessation, and the wild scream had*
been a notice of deliverance, for the. log
had drifted to the great railroad bridge
which spans the river, and the people on
the rumbling train that was passing with
so much noise ; had seen • the woman and
the fearful menace that sat facing her on
the log. But the men who were lowered
by ropes and' who brought her and her
precious charge up to safety ana comfort,
reported that she said nothing but this:
"SaVe my baby ! Save my baby! Don't
let him eat my. baby !"\ And they added
that it was hours before she cculd say any
thing else or would permit the baby to be
taken from her arms.
1516
A FEBRUARY FLITTING.
BY MISS K,XJ£3SH3l__4j
WINTER, by the calendar.
/'\V / Winter, by the newspaper
\\/ yLy mention of heavy snows and
V V ice-bound shipping in the
East. Winter, by the letters
from Eastern friends, that tell of cold
and bitter weather, of chilblains and
frostbite and the high price of coal. But
what a winter day it is out- here by the
Golden Gate, with the February sunshine
. spilling itself out in scripture measure,
pressed down, shaken together, running
over on the jolly green grass, the rich
brown fields, freshly plowed, the baby
leaves still playing at peek under their
blankets and the pink-and-white of the
blossoming orchards covering the hills and
valleys of this lovely State.
On such a February day, in the early
morning, we fared forth, three of us,
leaving stable and studio and desk behind,
to find the springtime and see mother
nature getting ready her houses of delight
for the tired city folks who will come to
her, later, when the calendar tells them
that spring has come. It must be thus
that they think of it, these brothers and
sisters of ours who have not yet remem
bered what the country look 9 like; whose
blood has not yet begun to tingle and
to yearn for the breath of spring from the
hills. How many of you, reading The
Call this morning, know that within a
dozen miles of you the world is a mass of
fragrant, blossoming beauty? The almond,
earliest of all our trees to send out their ]
dainty white invitations to the feast they j
mean to spread later, have been for a
fortnight past in radiant bloom. Flums,
peaches and cherrie:. are beginning to
deck themselves in beauty, and in the
fields and along woody highways poppies
and wild hyacinth are growing. The
trillion, is spreading its beautiful leaves
and wonderful blossom, and the quaint
little pimpernel is smiling tip from the
grass. Down in deep canyons the laurels
are in blossom, the waving feathers of the
yarrow and the southern wood, with its
pungent odor, are beginning to stir in the
wincL-and robin- run-the-hedge is spread
ing his dainty tangle everywhere. The
eucalyptus blossoms are waking up and
pushing back their pretty nightcaps, and
the whole world is full of loveliness. Put
down your paper and go out in search
of it.
What a sense of freedom it gives to leave
trains and boats and journey forth, con
sulting no timetables, scarcely troubling
to decide what road is best where all are
full of promise and each leads to beauty
somewhere.
Madame feels the witchery of the morn
ing and sniffs the fragrant air, tossing her
head contentedly as we turn the last street
corner and strike the county road. A wise
pony is Madame. She has some time since
come to a realization that a journey is be
fore her, and settles down to a comfortable
trot that, experience has taught us, will
WE FOUND TWO BRILLIANT SCARLET TOADSTOOLS.
[Sketched by a "Call artist.]
put many a mile behind us ere the heat
and the burden of the day arrive.
Our friends in the East are probably
casting their toes over their ccstlv coals
as we loosen our wraps a little, the'morn
ing air being milder than we had antici
pated. Our luggage is snugly stowed In
the roomy phaeton. We have' left behind
the memory of care, and we are two happy
women as we reflect that we are driving
on through ths delicious February morn
ing with no further thought of detail in
our journey than that we are following
Madame's lead, and < shall stop when her
inclination or our own or the falling shades
of night prompt. Comfortably journeying
in the bottom of a bag are a volume of
Browning and a copy of Marcus Aurelius,
but neither sage, nor poet can reveal to us
a tithe of the beauty and wisdom ex
pressed in yonder plowed l field sweeping
upland against the blue sky. Later we may
turn to them, but for the present we will
drink at the fountain head of all their
love and inspiration. -
An electric-car comes whizzing along
from Haywards, bearing a few early risers,
bound cityward. The road is wide, and
Madame, with ears pricked suspiciously
forward, gives the witchy thing a wide
berth. She does not see the necessity -for
such rapid transit. She does not see why
folks are not contented to lengthen life by
making haste more slowly, with the aid of
her own kind, but since they will rush
along at such a mad pace she will give
them plenty of room, and she heaves a
sigh of manifest relief as the screeching
trolley creates remoteness between her
and itself. A meadow-lark perches upon a
fence and trills a cheery greeting, and
from an electric-wire a long row of black
birds, shining fairly white in the brilliant
sunlight, gaze critically down upon us.
We return the gaze with interest, until
something in our regard seems to strike
them as suspicious, and with a whistle
they rise, one by one, and fly slowly away.
Down a field, all abreast, come toward us
four bay horses, their great heads rising
and falling in rhythmic unison, their ner
vous, slender forelegs keeping step like
soldiers as with » common impulse, they
press against their collars and drag the
heavy harrow across the furrows. So
freely, so cheerfully do they work that
they seem doing it of their own volition,
the human being who, reins in hand,
trudges sturdily beside them, being rather
their companion and assistant than their
master. The Painter longs to picture the
; group. The Scribbler wishes words were
■ am iimuM «*h"
A FEBRUARY NOONDAY.
. [Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
not such feeble things wherewith to ex- [
press the helpful, patient strength of that j
cheerful quartet,' out Madame, eying them i
philosophically, jogs on wagging her small ,
head as in equine self-gratuTation that she :
is not sweating beside them. It is to be j
questioned whether the sight has appealed
to Madame's esthetic sense. -"•-;•'
The tender, wonderful coloring of the
morning has long since given way to the j
bright beauty of noonday. A glossy green j
bed of young watercress covering the sur- j
face of a tiny wayside spring reminds us j
of salad and luncheon. Down on her
knees beside the stream goes the scribbler,
and gathers a supply of the crisp, tender \
dainty. We have come some twenty-five j
miles since our early breakfast, and just j
beyond the pleasant little towji of Xiles,
famous for its orchards, we turn into a ;
beautiful canyoD and make our noonday I
camp. Madame, relieved of shafts and !
harness, promptly proceeds to roll all over
the short, crisp herbage before she settles
to the discussion of her bag of barley. We
find a clean, sandy place, beside the roots
of '*ome beautiful sycamores, whose dear '■
gray branches, innocent of leafage, but ;
beautiful against the blue sky, stretch pro- ;
tectingly over us.
All about us are laurels and oaks, and
the blessed pussy willows are just begin
ning to put forth buds and the tiniest of
baby leaves. Ten days hence they will be
a mass of fluffy, feathery fragrance. We
, are camping in the bed of a dry creek and ,
on the bank above us' is a cabin before
which play two small Indian children.
They suspend activities and settle to watch
us in open-eyed surprise. So may their
ancestors have watched the advent of the j
first whites in their peaceful haunts. The !
little girl is, perhaps, 3 years old and she j
makes a pretty picture established under i
a straggling bush, the first spring foliage I
of which , is not yet sufficiently grown to
afford her any concealment. The boy is a i
year or two her senior and is a brave. He j
sits boldly in a swing hung from the
branch of a tall sycamore and surveys us j
fearlessly, digging his bare toes in the!
sandy soil the while. Perhaps 'tis this
close contact with mother earth that gives j
him courage. To run barefooted through
California's radiant February weather is I
enough to give one courage and happiness. j
Presently the little pair leave the swing I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
and the bush and establish themselves un
der another sycamore, on the opposite
bank, as nearly in imitation of us as their
childish imaginations can devise, and we
are mutely sociable together. It is warm
and still in the canyon. A few juncos flit
in and out among the branches, and some-!
where in the distance we hear the hammer,
of a woodpecker. An early butterfly is
spreading his pale-blue wings in the Feb
ruary sunshine, and across the road a
squirrel runs and pauses, curious as the
little human wildlings, to observe us. The
small creatures recognize that there is no
guile in us, and are in no wise disturbed
by our presence. Our luncheon eaten, we
bury the debris deep in the soft sand, "that
the place may be none the worse for our
having rested here," the painter says.
It is after 2 o'clock when we arise re
freshed and prepare to depart. Madame,
too, is evidently the better for her rest and
her numerous rollings in the grass. She
steps out cheerfully, and we are soon trav
eling the highway once more.
Is there anything more wonderful than
the springtime coloring in California?
The very fences take on exquisite grays
and greens and browns that smile upon us
as we pass. The reddish brown of those
fruit trees, yet bare of leaf or blossom, is
as exquisite against the sky as the beauti
ful bloom of their fellows. We pass
orange orchards on the hillsides golden
with fruit and white with blossoms among
their dark-green leaves. As we journey
toward the ancient Mission of San Jose
miles upon miles of vineyard stretch out
j in every direction and a broad lagoon
! smiles in the sun, reflecting the marvelous
| blue, of the fleckless sky. On the descent
I beyond the Mission we pass long stretches
' of artichokes growing wild in riotous pro-
I fusion by the roadside. Poppies begin to
hail us as w._ descend into the Santa Clara
. Valley, and Madame starts in with the in
-1 tention of making time over a road fine as
I silk and smooth as a floor.
We pass Warm Springs and Milpitas,
; the celebrated, and presently are driving
'■frim i' iiii»_Wiii'iii» »»s____i
along the beautiful poplar and sycamore
bordered road that leads into Ban Jose. .'
Not here, however, is our destined end and
way, and presently we have left the city's
streets behind us and are riding in the
softly gathered dust through a wonderful
dry creek, where the roots of mighty oaks
rise high above our heads and the chilli
cote makes a blossomy tangle on the
banks. A remarkable crop of tin cans
flourishes along this road. They grow in
enormous beds, thousands of them, it
would seem, and of all varieties. They lie
there, the uncompromising bier oil can", its
angles and corners refusing to lend them
selves to the lines of the landscape, the
humble receptacle for the useful tomato,
the traveling case of the Boston baked
bean, that grown in this State, must needs
travel twice across the continent before
Californians will eat it, and the festive lit
tle box that has contained deviled ham,
all raising a Macedonian cry to the goats
of this glorious State to come over and
he*lp them cease from desecrating the land
scape. '*:*••>'
The shades of night are falling fast as
Madame enters the winding main street of '
Los Gatos and begins the winding ascent !
to our journey's end. We had not really \
meant to drive so far this day, but the fas
cination of February was upon us all; the
fifty miles and more have slipped unnoted
by only to be remembered in an impres
sion of marvelous color and fragrance; of
beautiful outlooks from rounding cmi- \
i nences; of enchanting vistas along bend
ing roads and cool, blessed woodsy things
found in the wild byways. It was along
one of these on this trip that the scribbler
found,, nestled amid a mass of lichen
starred moss, two brilliant, scarlet toad
stools, and, kneeling beside them, called
the painter to come and see. : "I have read
of them," she said, incredulously. The
other bent over them. "I have seen them
in pictures," and there was a hushed won
der in her "voice, "but I have never really
known that they do grow."
All about them was a wonder of maiden
hair, rock fern and delicate growing babies
of the spring, such as can only be seen,
thus, in California's. February, and- a
dainty, silvery stream ' made ,• a ' pretty
tumult over the rocks as it dashed along,
eager to tell the lowlands of the treasures
hidden away in the woods. "You must
be quick to come if you would catch
a glimpse of these late-winter glories.
* Mother nature's wee beginnings of things
do grow up so fast. A month hence they
will still be beautiful, but no longer the
tender, green, trustful baby things they
are now, but penciling stalks and branches
with tiny touches of color.
. Our little brown neighbors in Japan
have set holidays, when all the world goes
forth- to see the cherry blossoms. If we
Californians ever have a real State holiday
it should come in mid-February, and cele
brate the advent of the new-born things of
woods and fields, orchard and hedgerow,
that we may go out for to see. ; T .:
OUR LAST TIGHT WITH ENGLAND
j
I
I
:
I
i
j
j
It Was the Most Remarkable Defeat
English Troops liver Sustained.
The battle of New Orleans was an epi
tome of the whole war of 1812-1815. In
that battle, as throughout the whole war,
both on. land and sea, the advantage in
numbers of men, weight of metal and ex
perience, both of officers and soldiers, was
with the British. The latter had in addi
tion the advantage of almost a surprise of
the Americans, but even with all these ad
vantages the Bth of January is a red-letter
day in the history of America. •
On the 23d of December, 1814, at 1:30
o'clock in the afternoon, the sentry at the
door of General Jackson's headquarters,
106 Royal street, New Orleans, was startled
by the ringing of the shod feet of galloping
horses on the stone pavement of the quaint
old thoroughfare. Down the street,
on foam-flecked steeds, at full speed,
came Major-General Villiere, Colonel
de la Ronde and Dussan la Croix,
three Louisiana Creoles, who brought
news of the arrival of the
British invaders at the Villiere plantation,
nine miles below the city. While the Amer
icans had been watching for them along
the shores of Mississippi Sound and at the
mouth of the Father of Waters the red
coats had effected a landing on the shores
of Lake Borgne, and, marching through
the marshes on the east bank of the Mis
sissippi, had struck that stream over 100
miles from its mouth. Reining in their
horses these Creoles inquired for and were
received by "Old Hickory," to whom they
communicated the foregoing facts. Gen
eral Jackson had been suffering from ill
ness for weeks, but the news of the ap
proach of the enemy and the peril of his
country did more than all his army sur
geons and learned physicians had been
afclc to accomplish, in less than thirty
minutes military secretaries were rapidly
writing out orders and couriers were dash
ing away with them to the various
commanders of the raw levies, which
were Jackson's only hope to turn back the
picked veterans of the Napoleonic wars.
It is not generally known, but there
were really four battles of New Orleans
one on the 23d of December, one on De
cember 28, one on January 1 and one on
January 8. I he first three were skirmishes,
in which the casualties were only a few
slightly wounded, and which resulted
in the repulse of the Americans.
The fourth was the battle, in which
less than 6000 raw troops, most of them
armed only with the weapons they used
in - the chase, defeated 12,000 of the
flower of the British army, veterans who
had received their training under the eye
of Wellington, and whose prowess had
caused to set the star of the great Napo
leon. Contrary to the general belief,
there was not a single cotton bale in the
breastwork behind which the handful of
Americans awaited the foe, whose watch
word for the day was "Booty and
Beauty." It was" mainly of earth
work, with plank, and extended less
than a mile in length along the brink
of an old sawmill race, or coulee. The line
of the old breastwork is now the southern
boundary of the Chalmette National Cem
etery. The ground so gallantly held that
day is now the last bivouac of thousands
of American soldiers, and appropriately, ,
both to its present use and its former his
tory, upon entering it to-day the eye is
first greeted by an iron tablet bearing the
immortal rhymes of Theodore O'ilara:
On fame's eternal camping-ground •
Their lowly tents are spread,
While glory guards, with solemn round,
The Bivouac of the Dead.
The American army that day consisted
of sixty-six marines; twenty-two artiller
ists, manning two six-pounders; Poiere's
regiment, 46*»; Baker's Forty-fourth, 331;
Planch's eighty-six carabineers; St.
Geme's dismounted dragoons, 78; White's
blues,* 31; Hudry's thirty-three Francs;
Guibert's .chasseurs, 59; Coffee's Ten
nesseeans, 563; Beale'-- sixty-two rifle
men; Hind's Mississippians,; 107; Adair's
Kentuckiaus, 700; eighteen • Choctaw
Indians under Captain Pierre Jugeaut, and
two battalions of negroes^ (free) under
Major d'Aquin and Major Lacoste. This
last is also, perhaps, news to many, for I
few people ' know that Indians and j
negroes took part in the repulse of !
the British invaders. The story of !
the battle proper" is found in every j
school history. It began with the break ,
of day,' and by 8 o'clock the invaders j
had been repulsed with a Joss of nearly
3000 In killed; wounded and missing, or
more than one for each of the| Americans
engaged. The casualties in the American
forces were only thirteen killed, thirty
nine wounded and nineteen missing. The
losses in this battle were more dispropor
tioned than in any other battle in the his
tory of the world.
One incident connected with the battle
is of peculiar interest, as showing the
character of Andrew Jackson. It coming
to his knowledge that certain Americans,
some of them prominent, were strongly
suspected of disaffection and an inclina
tion to communicate the weakness of his
force to the British, he caused them to be
arrested and put under guard, although j
they were civilians. Their friends procured !
writs of habeas corpus from Judge . Dom
inick Hall commanding General: Jackson
to produce his prisoners before him.
Knowing that to do so meant,their re
lease (for he hud no warrant to detain
them), the general deliberately disobeyed
the writ. The day after the battle,
when the general was in the full tide of
his popularity, a bailiff bearing a war
rant for . his arrest for v = contempt
of court appeared at headquarters,
and the sword before which invading thou
sands had rolled back was sheathed in the
presence of that bit of paper, and the gen
eral whom the captors of Napoleon could
not subdue - yielded himself a prisoner to
an humble tipstaff. When brought before
him, despite the threatening attitudes of
the crowd which thronged the courtroom,
and of public sentiment which unanimously
justified Jackson's conduct, and in ac
cordance with "Old' Hickory's" exhorta
tion, "I have , done my.duty, now,you do
yours,"'Judge Hall imposed a fine of $1000
on General Jackson, which fine was paid,
the old soldier refusing to allow it to be
paid for him.
As stated, the battle-field of Chalmette
is now occupied as a National cemetery.
lii 1865 the ground was donated by the
city to the National Government, and in
it rest 6913 "known" dead and 5279 "un
known." In the center is a beautiful
monument of cut stone and gun metal,
erected by Joseph A. Mower Post No.
1, G. A. R. Just above the bat
tle-field, on the site of the old plan
tation-house, which was Jackson's head
quarters during the battle, stands an in
complete "Battle Monument."- It is a
four-sided stone shaft, about 20 feet square
at the base, and has been carried up to the
height of about 50 feet but there the work
has stopped. Its base is surrounded by
rank vegetation, while from the crevices
! in its sides and from its'unfinished top
grow weeds and grasses, whose seeds have
been dropped by passing birds or waited
by vagrant winds.
It is to be hoped that among the other
things which the present war. cloud may
accomplish it may remind the Americans
of to-day of the deeds of their countrymen
when Britain mustered 18,000,000 souls and !
I.America counted only 7,240,000, and urge
the 70,000,000 people of this country to-day '
to remind the 38,000,000 Britons who are j
again threatening these shores that the
history of 1812-15 can* be re-enacted, if j
necessary.—New Orleans correspondent of I
the Louisville Courier-Journal.'*•'. *
. ■ -
TWO VENERABLE PHYSICIANS
Although Approaching the Century Mark They Still Pratice
Medicine.
San Francisco can safely lay claim to
having the oldest practicing physician in
the United States, and J also to one who,
although past fourscore years and five, is
still in the full possession of his faculties
and attends to his patients regularly. The
older man is Dr. Floto. He is 94 years of
age and has been in the State for thirty
two years. Dr. Smith, while nine years
younger, has had a more interesting
career, because he was one of the first
physicians here and his life has been
closely identified with the history of San
Francisco.
Dr. Floto is a man who would not be
taken to be more than 80 years of age at
the most, and yet he has seen only six
years less than a century of life. His eyes
are clear and bright and he talks with
vivacity. His greatest interest is his prq
fession, which he continues to practice
daily and seems in a fair way to continue
to do so for several years to come. Dr.
Floto's memory of his early life is some
what dim, but he says, "It is hard to re
member things that happened seventy
five or eighty years ago."
"I was born in 1802 in Pennsylvania
somewhere," said the doctor, "but I don't
recall at this moment tile name of the
town. Later in life I went to college in
Philadelphia, and practiced in several
towns in the East, j I* or a while I lived in
New York, and in 1846 decided to come to
California. There was a party of. us, and
we cot as far as New Orleans, but some
people there scared us with stories of the
cholera. We all returned to New York,
but I never got over the desire to come to
California. I don't remember the year
that I started, but I do know that the day
my ship sailed was tbe day that Lincoln's
body was brought to New York. Since I
have been here my life has been unevent
ful. I have had my share of patients, and
made a good living.
"Ever since 1 have been ■ here," contin
ued the doctor, after a long pause, "I have
occupied these same oifices, and I hope
the inarch of improvement will not come
this way as long as I am alive. 1 am so
much attached to these rooms that I be
lieve it would kill me to move. It makes
me feel young to be here, and it seems as
if I had just moved in yesterday." ;-> J
In appearance Dr. Floto is a typical phy
sician of the old school. His hair and
beard are as white as snow and always
kept trimmed close and neat. His figure
is stooped a little, but he walks with a
firm step and can write a prescription
without the use of glasses. The doctor
does not consider himself too old to learn,
and makes a practice of reading all the
medical journals that he thinks are worth
studying. "But business isn't what it used
to be," he says. "People use too much
patent medicine," and he thirks the
health of the country has suffered con
sequence.
Dr. Floto believes himself to be the old
est living practitioner in the country. If
there are any older men he don't know
who they aro.
Dr. E. D. Smith is a native of New York
State, and attended several of the best
medical schools in the metropolis. After
graduating he made his home in Wiscon
sin for a number of years and worked up a
good practice. But the desire to see the
country grew on him, and in 1848 he
started for California, reaching here in '49.
Dr. Smith's career in this State has been
a lively and interesting one. He arrived
in the height of the gold excitement, and
from the start found plenty of work -at
fTinnam** w»rt»iM l _»'-« <t _..nii .i»I i -__L__i
good pay. There was a largo amount of
surgical work that was difficult to accom
plish on account of the impossibility -of
getting proper appliances and instruments,
It was also a 'difficult matter to obtain
drugs, but the men who needed attention
in ■• those days - had hardy constitutions,
and there were few deaths from sickness.
Dr. Smith says he believes himself the
only living physician who came here in
1819.
"After I arrived," said the doctor, "I
had an office down near the water front,
but moved around all the time as the town
kept growing. -For a number of years I
was on Kearny street, and while there did
the best business I ever did while in the
City." yA/yT^/]' •
Dr. Smith then went on to explain that
doctors were scarce in' those days and that
he was often called to go miles in ' the
country to attend some' wealthy person
who had been taken sick. But it was only
necessary to make out a bill and it would
be paid at once. "Times' have changed
since then," said the doctor.
About fifteen years ago Dr. Smith moved
out on Stevenson street near Seventh and
has lived there ever since. He had made con
siderable money at his old practice, but
devoted himself" to the poor people in the
neighborhood, and took as his pay only
what they could give. Hundreds of them
DR. FLOTO.
[Sketched from life.]
( could pay nothing, but that made no dif
i ference, they were attended as carefully as
: if they paid $10 a visit. .-*.
To-day everybody in the neighborhood
| almost worships Dr. Smith. He never re
| fuses to go out, no matter how bad the
! weather, and the people say his powers
! are wonderful. Every mother for blocks
j around has something to say of how the
j doctor helped one of her children. "And
I when I was "sick," said one, "he just
j looked at me and told me what was the
j matter." TTTTT I
The rooms occupied by Dr. Smith are
I dingy in the extreme, but poor sick people
I are always welcome. - Some years ago the
doctor's wife died, and the neighbors
feared he was going to follow her. They
had "been husband and wife for over half
! a century and her death just about pros
i trated him. After he was able to be about
| he gave orders that her room should
always remain just as she left it. Nothing
; was ever touched. Even some half-fin
ished knitting was allowed to remain on
the edge of the table where she left it the
last day she was up.
The appearance of Dr. Smith certainly
does not coincide with his years. He is 85
and does not look more" than 70. His
figure is straight and he walks like a young
j man. Long white hair falls down to his
| shoulders and his beard is like snow. He
[ always wears a close-fitting black Prince
DR. E. D. SMITH.
[Sketched from life.]
Albert coat and the rest of his attire is
neat and dignified. Dr. Smith has become
a necessity to the neighborhood in which
he lives, and the prayer of hundreds whom
he has saved many hours of pain is that
he will remain with them for many years
to come. . • - ■ »
The fact that there are two men in Con
gress of the name of Perkins frequently
leads to minor complications. One is Sen
ator George C. Perkins of California, and
the other .Representative George D. Per
kins of lowa. Owing to the similarity of
their Christian names,' mail addressed to
each is constantly i^ing astray.
A dog owned by a man in Addison,
Mich., walked back home a distance of
forty. miles recently. Its owner gave it
away, but the dog did not like its new
home and quietly trotted back to its old
kennel. v ■'
NEW TO-DAT.
mdnWs
GRAM WORK FOR HIMXITY
'
Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia
and the Most Obstinate Dis-
eases Cured by These Won-
derful Little Pellets.
DOCTOR YOURSELF
Stop Killing Yourself With Dangerous
Doses of folsoiioni Drugs— Get Blun-
yon's Guide to Health and Cure
Yourself With a 25-Cent l.emedy—
! Positive and Permanent Cures for
Catarrh, Rheumatism, ' Dyspepsia,
Elver and Kidney Troubles and All
Special Blood and Nervous Diseases.
Mr. F. Heitmann, 1020J--: Larkin street,
San Francisco, Cal.. says: ''I must give
my testimony for Munyon's Blood Cure.
My scalp was a mass of sores from eczema,
and, although I had the best medical at-
tention and tried all kinds of prescriptions,
I never received any benefit until I began
using Munyon's Remedies. A few bottles
of the Blood Cure removed every trace of
the disease and made a complete cure.
Prof. Munyon may well be proud of his
success in ..an Francisco, for Munyon's
Remedies are given preference over all
other medicines in every drugstore."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure never fail
to relieve in from one to three hours, aud
cures in a few days. Price 25c
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all'
iorms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness
and builds up the system. 25c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs re-
lieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
five days. Price, 50c each.
Mnnyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
G BAZAAfT
A RARE CHANCE
THIS WEEK ONLY!
700 TEA SETS
Quadruple Plated,
GUARANTEED,
Selling at $3.95.
Regular Price $7.50.
A GREAT BARGAIN!
DONT MISS IT!
4-PIECE TEA SETS
(Sugar, Creamer,
Teapot, Spoonholder),
BEST QUALITY PLATE,
$3.95, Worth $7.50.
ORATEFUfc-COMFORTINO.
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
« ■DT A. THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OP TUP
•D natural laws which govern the operations ot
-digestion and nutrition, and by a careful applies
tion •_ the line properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Epps has provided forour breakfast and supper
A delicately flavored beverage, which may save us
many heavy doctors' bills. * It Is by the judicious
us. of such articles of diet that a constitution may
be gradually built up until strong enough to resist
•very 'tendency to disease. Hundreds of subtle
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack
wherever there Is a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
fied with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Service Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk, sold
only In pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
JAMES EPPB & CO., "Ltd., Homoeopathic
Chemists, London, England.
§W DISEASES
Hiils sway (- £ ' s
ABSOLUTELY CVTBXa. UlslT-vIENT
%v. •Iciple application of " Pw.rnTo Onrnmrr" wliho«s
ut internal medicine, will eare »nr ease of Tetter, Bait
• ■the < m Kl .PI lee. 1 teh . Horn. Plmplee. Krrripelaa.Afc
bo matter bow obstinate or loos «:_•: _iu«. 6*M by drag ■_£
tor lent br mall for *> eu. ' Boiea. ____% Addrcaa, _>Z
tttaS-t—k tfc -UkytudnuUltelfc
| The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
! relieves and soon cures alt Colds, Hoarseness, -Sore
I Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflarnm*.
Uo-* 50c per bottle. Sold by Druggists.THE
PASSING
OF THE HORSE
ANCIENT carriage-houses failing
in the populous centers of the
East; famous fashionable riding
academies closing up; big horse
dealers making assignments;
dullness in the harness market — all these ,
are signs that seem to point with unerring
ringer to the inevitable "passing of the
horse." Not that the equine species will
become extinct by any means, but that its
sphere of usefulness will be gradually
narrowed down and confined to limits
compared with which the world of the
ancestral.horse was glorious.
The cable and trolley cars have driven
out horses by the thousand; the electric
carriage is threatening thousands more;
while the bicycle is sing the abandon
ment of the use of horses here, there and
everywhere, till one feels constrained to
sigh for the fleeting fame of the animal
that only a few short years ago was man's
indispensable dumb companion and as
sistant. The inventive genius of the
twentieth century might sing a requiem,
in charity of heart, over the grave oi the
horse's vanished greatness.
Last year horse-dealers and liverymen
predicted that the "bicycle craze" would
be short-lived ; that it had already reached
its height, and would die away, just as
ether fads had died. What are the facts?
Last year 450,000 bicycles^ were made in
this country, and at the present time' the
supply is not equal to the demand. No
less than 825,000,000 is said to be invested
in bicycle and tire factories in the United
States. The product of thia year bids fair
to be double that of last.
Does anybody foresee a boom in horses?
And what is the horse prospect? Just
this: While it will be admitted that horses
of fashionable distinction and superior
breed may be as costly as ever, yet, judg
ing from all appearances, the prices of the
others will be permanently low as com
pared with the past. •
For much of His discomfiture, and even,
in a measure, for the fact that his flesh,
which was of so little value while attached
to his bones, is now being canned for ex
port—in the hope that the dead horse may
bring in more profit than the live one the
animal may blame thebicycle.
The use of the wheel is getting to be
universal. The rich ride it for health and
pleasure; the person of moderate income
for pleasure, health and economy; the
strong patronize the wheel in order to
maintain a perfect physical condition; the
weak, to get up muscle and appetite; the
pale maiden draws ruddy health from the
exhilarating exercise, and the worn-out
clerk is given new life and vigor by an in
spiriting acquaintance with the winged
wheel.
Shall we say that the wheel is actually
killing off the horse? A decade ago, the
horse's sphere was 'unassailable. How
changed the scene! Conditions have un
dergone a small-sized revolution. That
vulgarism, "There are no flies on the
horse," must be consigned, along with the
remains of the equine steed, to a canning
factory and the foreien stomach. The
horse is in peril of his life from that con
testing flier the winged wheel. Livery
men, in order to keep up with the times,
and ahead on their books, have in many
instances established cycleries in connec
tion with their stables.
Estimates of the number of bicyles in
use in San Francisco alone have been ob
tained with the result that the. lowest was
15,000, and the average of all estimates
only a little less than 20,000.
Two Sundays ago an actual count was
made of the number of bikes that passed
into Golden Gate Park through the Baker
street entrance. It showed 9000 wheelmen
for that single day; and, certainly, wheel
men by the hundred took advantage of the
fine weather to ride out into the country
about the bay, with never a thought of the
park, on that very same Sunday.
"Wheelmen have been kept in some by
bad weather this winter," said one of the
leading wheelmen, "but with the coming
of spring you will see double the interest
in cycling that existed last year. Wheel
men deserve some credit, I think, for
agitating the question of good roads.
When we get paved highways though I
suppose the horseless carriage will come
into use and not only run out the last of
the horses but give bicycling a hard rub.
Then, just about the time the horseless
carriage is in full sway, the flying machine
will be perfected, and we'll just flap our
wings, rise up and move north, east, south
or west through the air at our pleasure.
But the bicycle has the call now, and,
mark my words, the wheel craze is going to
grow. Why, at the late bicycle show in
New York 1094 different makes of bicycles
wore exhibited.
"Yon are aware that before railroads
and streetcar lines traversed all the coun
try the wayside inns were largely, patron
ized by journeying horsemen. "Well, the
wayside inn gradually fell behind, and no
business was done to speak of for years
until th« wheel mania struck the country.
Let me tell you right here that the wheel
men have put the wayside inns in the bay
region on a paying basis. once more.
Twenty wheelmen to one horseman is
about the proportion in which the patrons
of wayside inns are now measured up.
The proprietors cater to the cyclist custom
and set out excellent meals for us. "p.
"Another thing. The bicycle is knock
ing out the cigarette, so far as wheelmen
are concerned. The deleterious effects of
the cigarette are recognized and wheel
men appreciate the fact that while riding
their lungs are continuously open.
Wheelmen smoke as much as ever,
though, only a rider can't keep a cigar in
his mouth, and. hence cigars have been
thrown overboard, while out touring, and
pipe and tobacco are called into requisi
[ tion.
"Bicycle-face? Oh, that caricature on a
; wheelman's supposed anxiety is funny,
! and that's all. A health tonic, such as
': the wheel, can't be affected by a joke."
But the horse has stanch champions,
i too, and they are determined to fight every
| inch of the field from which the conquer
ing wheel is slowly but surely, it seems,
driving the noble steed of flesh and blood.
Keepers of livery stables, saddlers, har
| ness-dealers, carriage-makers, with a few
} candid exceptions, refuse to admit that the
dullness which hangs about their occupa
tions and trades is attributable, in a mate
rial degree, to the inroads of the bicycle.
"Hard times. Lack of money — that's
i the thing that hurts us," is the common
expression among them.
"But," one may venture, "business is
brisk in nearly all other lines. How is it
; that hard times stays with you when oth
j ers have ceased to feel any depression?"
Sometimes an admission is drawn out to
I the effect that "Perhaps the bicycle is do.
ing more than we imagine, but we can't
I see it that way."
"The craze reached its climax last sum
mer and it will die out gradually," is an
other declaration that is heard nowadays
from horsemen and harness-dealers.
J. C. Johnson, the head of the firm of
J. C. Johnson & Co., wholesale harness
and saddlery house, believed that the
horse would be more popular than ever
in a year or two. The harness and
livery-stable business had suffered last
year, but the business was certain to come
back. Soon only people who couldn't
afford to keep a horse and carriage would
be seen on bicycles.
* "People who ride bicycles all the time
are those who cannot afford a horse and
buggy." said Mr. Johnson.- "Those who
can afford to keep horses and equipages
have bicycles as well. We don't expect
custom from the one, and the other will be
a patron anyhow. Some harness-houses
are Keeping bicycles „f or sale. The bicycle
is not a .permanent thing. The liverymen
have had the hardest* tussle with the
bicycle." _ 'it,.' '■
' And Mr. Johnson smiled the smile of
confidence and maintained that the wheel
was only a temporary innovation.
Charles L. Haskell, one of the leading
retail harness-dealers, was outspoken and
cindid in his views. He looked at the
whole matter with a cool business eye.
"The retail ■' harness trade has . been
sorely affected by the bicycle," averred
Mr. Haskell. "Every man in my busi
ness knows it too, or ought to know it if
he doesn't. .My trade was excellent up to
about a.year ago, and I had a line of cus
tomers that came as regularly as clock
work. - "When . others were crying 'hard
times' I bad no complaint to make; but
when business all around me began to re
sume its normal life,' and people in other
lines seemed jubilant. 1 thought it mighty
strange that wy receipts should show a
startling falling off." . 7 .7
"One day. l sat in my, office and observed
to myself: 'What's the matter with my
business? Not a soul comes in all day.
What's the reason?' I began thinking
seriously. The question of hard times
bobbed up. and I dashed it aside. I cud
geled my brain for an hour, and when I
got up I swore that I knew the cause of
the dullness.
" 'It's the infernal bicycle,' said I. But
I didn't waste any time railing against
the wheel. I pride myself on having some
business sense. Since the bicycle was in
juring my harness trade, what was to be
done to offset the inroads? You know
what I did? Just sat right aown again at
my desk and, without a moment's delay,
wrote an order to the biggest . bicycle fac
tory I knew of for 100 bicycles. I divided
my store into harness and cycle depart
ments. Ninety of those wheels went off
the first month. My receipts are' now
about as big as ever, but 1 have been mak
ing up in the sale of bicycles what I have
lost on harness. The bicycle has been do
ing up the horse, in a measure— no ques
tion about it. The bicycle has helped to
cause the building of horse-canning fac
tories in Oregon.'' ' ' '
The manager of a big wholesale harness
establishment not only backed up Mr.
Haskell's statements, but went the retailer
several degrees better or worse in his ref
erence to "the passing of the horse." : T 4 -
; He said he felt like copying an expres
sion from a well-known railroad magnate,
and saying "The bicycle be dashed."
"To tell the plain truth," he went, on,
"the bicycle has injured our business to an
extent that is actually inconceivable. And
what is more there is going to be no limit
to the bicycle movement. The wheel has
come to stay. It is going' to work more
injury to the harness business next year
than it will this year, and year after next
the depression will be greater still. Ten
years from now people will hardly think
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBKUAKY 23, i»yts.
of going down to San Jose on a train or by. | -
horse. There will be asphaltum or bitu- j <
minous pavements between all the larger 1
cities and towns, and meantime some i
Yankee will have applied electricity to ! i
the wheel and a man will ride down to the 1
Garden City without straining his muscles '
in the least inside of two hours. 1
"Bicycles have been the ruination, I <
might say, of the livery business. Our | :
house feels the falling-off in the demands j '
for livery harness. A few years ago, the i
young man would take his girl out of a | I
Sunday in a neat buggy and ride to the j |
country behind a rapid-stepping horse, j i
Ten years ago the stables could never sup- j i
ply the Sunday and holiday demand for I
horses and carriages. How is it now? All j
the stables are overstocked with horses. i
They have carriages lying continuously
idle on their hands. They have more har
ness than they know what to do with, and
they can't sell it to some other liveryman,
for they are all in the same boat. What
does the young man with a girl do now?
He spends his holidays on his bike. He
teaches his girl to ride, and they now go
out wheeling side by side.
"When somebody introduces electricity
as the motive power of the wheel, then j
those who don't feel equal to the task of
working the treadle for great distances on
the bicycle will buy a wheel with an elec
tric motor, and ride without any particular '
physical effort. You'll see! The wheel is
going to capture the whole people in time.
"Why, sir, business is improving in all
lines but ours and a few others that are
being knocked out along with the horse.
"Electricity is doing a big part of the !
damage. Ten years ago there were some
7000 horses pulling streetcars in this and
neighboring cities. How is it to-day?
You find a few bobtail-cars still running, j
but people regard these as relics of a past -
age. The electric-car has driven them j
out. The horses are thrown on the coun- !
try. The demand for horses is down near
the zero mark, and only the other day, in j
one of the northern counties of California,
a band of 300 horses was sold for a total of !
$250, or a little over 80 cents apiece.
"Go to the mines. "We used to supply
the miners with harness for the mule
teams which hauled the ore. We did an
immense business, but we don't do it any
longer. The mule team has seen its day j
in the mines. What's the reason? The :
miners have gone to the nearest mountain ;
stream and used the water power to gene
rate electricity, which is conveyed to the ;
mines and does the hauling. Horses are
being crowded out everywhere. No won- j
der horses are being butchered for meat.
"It's a rather gloomy - picture for our ,
business; but it's a fact nevertheless. The J
bicycle is pushing us hard, and when elec- j
tricity is fastened to the wheel we'll be
pushed harder still."
O. F. Willey of the firm of O. F. Willey j
I 6 Co., wholesale harness and carriage deal- ;
I ers, had not given the subject sufficient
attention to enable him to say just what'
relation the bicycle may have to the dull- !
ness in the harness and carriage business. I
"It certainly hurts the carriage trade
some," he said. "I hear many complaints
from livery-stable men. who claim that
the bicycle is taking trade away from them.
, In so far the wheel hurts the livery men it
hurts the carriage trade."
W. Davis, wholesale harness dealer,
thought that the principal effect of the
modern "safety" was on the livery busi
j ness in the cities.
"We can't help feeling the hurt a little,"
he continued. "When a liveryman who
ordered ten sets of harness last year says
i he needs only half that many this year
j some explanation has to be looked for, and
i I guess the bicycle explains the difference.
I Last Sunday I hired a rig for $6 that I
J couldn't have got under $10 two years ago.
But hard times brought down prices in
I every line. Somebody told me awhile ago
that the bicycle craze was dying out. I .
don't hear anything about a Horse craze,
though."
William Walcom is a- carriage-painter at
the Fashion carriage factory on Ellis
street. His firm has plenty of business
"for the times," and he laughed at the
idea of the . bicycle retiring the horse.
"Hard times" was his definition of the
cause of the dullness.
"There is. one odd thing, though," re
! marked Mr. "Walcom, after a few seconds
; of thought, "and I wonder if this bicycle
j theory explains it. Really I never thought
j of bicycles and buggies in this relation
before. Our buggy trade is going out— we
j don't make buggies extensively any more.
| We Confine ourselves to carriage building,
j coaches and fine equipages. What's the
j matter with the buggies? No demand for
them. It is .rough' on the buggy trade
when three-quarters of the buggies in the
stables ' lie ' idle continuously. A buggy,
j when in use, needs to be painted about
| once a year. If a firm of painters does
business for stables that use 200 buggies
I it will have 200 buggies to paint. lithe
j stables have to put three-quarter, of those
buggies aside the painter suffers a falling
; off of three-quarters in that buggy paint
! ing particular. lam not disposed to con
| tradict you if you say that bicycles have
| rung the knell of the buggy trade. In
] former years we have turned out of this
] shop as many as forty pleasure buggies a
| month. To-day if we turn out half a
! dozen we are doing remarkably well."
Among the proprietors of livery stables
I the idea that the bicycle has come to stay
and is increasing its influence is treated
with scorn. Some of them peer far into
the future and see junk-shops full of bi
cycles and the winged wheel in general
disfavor.
7 Manager Bailey of the Golden Gate
stables said that cycling had acted as a
drawback last "season, especially with the
saddle-horse trade, bet the saddle business
had been returning during the winter.
"Lack of money is the cause of whatever
dullness exists," he said.
Peter Garrity of the City Hall stables on
Golden Gate avenue did a large livery
business formerly. His son was asked by
j a representative of The Call if the estab
j lishment had suffered any from the en
croachments of the bike.
: "We maintain a : good . livery business,"
{ said he, "and hadn't ought to complain."
| "But," persisted the gleaner of facts,
"you must have felt in some measure the :
dullness which has affected all other
liverymen?"
"Of course," was the response; "business
isn't all that it used to be; but you can't
blame, the bicycle for that. A few years
ago we boarded a great many horses for !
businessmen and collectors. The street
cars have branched out in every direction,
making a network over the City, and even
running far beyond the City limits. Agents
and collectors no longer feel that any horse i
is required. They don't feel like paying j
$40 a month board for a horse or $2 a day
for the use of a horse and rig, because they j
can just step aboard a car and go wherever j
they please in the City. They have no
I horse to look after, and can travel around
all day, and all it costs them is 50 cents or j
! 75 cents. A good deal of difference between
that and $2; you see!" 77(7 /.
"Who runs the cyclery next door?"
"A brother of mine."
"So the old gentleman has one son to j
attend to the livery stable and another to
conduct the bicycle business, and he runs
them side by. side?" \
"That's about it."
■ The fact is that Peter Garrity, shrewd,
far-sighted man, noted the inroads made
on his livery trade by the popular bike.
He was not the kind of man to stick to a
| losing game when there was any relief in
; sight, and he went to work and fitted up a
| big room immediately adjoining his sta
! bles as a bicycle store. He has made a
little fortune in bicycles and is not troubled
by the encroachments of the bike on his
livery stable. Like Mr. Haskell, the har
ness dealer, what he loses in one way he
makes up in another.
It is true that the streetcars have made a
hole in the livery trade. It is true, too,
that the cable and trolley have knocked
i out horses wholesale— made them a drug
on the market; but the horse, in "pass
ing," may look with some degree of satis
faction on the very wheel which has op
erated largely to his undoing, because that
same wheel is charming away hosts of old
patrons of the streetcars and thus* making
of itself a roundabout vehicle of revenge.
E. E. Ames, the manager of the carriage
1 factory of Studebaker Bros. & Co., said
! that the bicycle had injured that portion
: of the trade relating to the livery business.
"Livery men throughout the country
| have complained," said he; "but it is ap
i parent to us, however, that the bicycle
; furor of 1895 is over with and that busi
; ness will soon settle down to conditions
: like those which preceded the craze. The
I bike has made inroads on us to a certain
• extent, but we have letters from gentle
men who are desirous .of trading a their
bicycles in part payment for buggies. Our
belief is that about nine-tenths of the
j people who purchase bicycles would not
I buy horses and carriages ' for pleasure,.
j because they cannot afford to keep them;
; yet those same people might go to a livery
i .stable and pay $2 to $5 for a horse and rig.
j Our trade with liverymen is so slight, as
j compared to the whole trade, that such a
i falling-off doesn't worry us. Very few
people who are able to own horses and
vehicles will eschew them for the bicycle.
"It has been widely reported to be our
intention to enlist in the bicycle manufac
turing industry. We contemplated no
such thing. We have had to run an extra
force to keep up with the requirements of
the carriage trade. .
"We have received fully 50,000 letters on
the subject of the bicycle factory that we
were reported to have in view.','
Captain Dilhan of the Van Ness Riding
Academy said his patrons fell away last
summer and things looked blue for his
school, but the winter has brought back
much of the old custom. "The wheel was
an attractive diversion while it was new,"
said the captain, "but it has come into
such common use that the parties who de
sire to be exclusive cannot bear to, ride in
the- park any more, and they naturally
return to the more exclusive and more ex
pensive horseback riding."
The captain had an idea that bloomers
showed up all the defects in a woman's
figure, while horseback riding made all
the graces plain.
Does the biking habit interfere with tho
smoking habit?
That is another question. Nearly every
smoker who bikes will tell you that it
does. "You cannot smoke with comfort
while riding a wheel," they say. There is
not only no satisfaction in smoking while
cutting the wind at such speed, but it is
even dangerous to try. Besides the incon
venience of handling the cigar at all times,
the smoke and ashes are liable to injure
the eyes of the rider. *
Nearly every man who bikes is or has
been a smoker. Ergo— if the smoking
habit is unseated even to a small degree
with every man who bikes, does it not save
him that, much money— the price of the
cigars or cigarettes that he does not smoke ?
Biking is said to be a healthful exercise.
Smoking is alleged to be an unhealthful
luxury. Subtracting that much of the
unhealthful luxury that is cut off by the
speedy wheel, and adding it to the already
healthful exercise, the result must be still
more health. . That goes without saying.
This philosophy applies, of course, only
to the unbloomered biker. The woman en
the wheel as off does not figure in a dis
cussion of the smoking habit. T^T*
As - previously stated in this ' article bi
cycle statisticians say there are 20,000 peo
ple in the City who ride the wheel asa
regular diversion. Very conservative
people say 15,000. Of this number it is es
timated that not more than one-tenth are
women. Take the conservative estimate
and leave out : the women and you have
13,500 men in this City who do not smoke
as much as they used to— that is as a rule
and taking the word of the average bicy
clist himself.
Of course, there are men who smoko and
smoke in spite of everything. On the
other hand, there are men who confess to
have quit tobacco entirely in deference to
the wheel. That evens the' matter. With
13,500 men '. reformed in a measure from
smoking, 7 it ;is reasonable to expect the
effect to be felt in the trade. *.•.. .7
- In order to determine this, a Call man
yesterday made a tour of .the cigar-stands
on that part of Market and Kearny streets
where 1 the crowd is thickest at all times,
and put the question to the men behind
the counter, Has the rapid spread of the
bicycle habit affected the cigar trade so far
as you have noticed?
The answers were varied. Many ad
mitted that they felt some falling off in
trade. Others, while admitting that biking
and smoking could not go on well together,
declared their sales to be unaffected.
Some of them declared it was all a matter
of location, so far as the cigar-dealer was
concerned; that although the bike took
away from one man a number of his cus
tomers addicted to the habit, it gave them
to some other dealer at some other place.
This was the view of the wholesaler. Mose
j Gunst, for instance, insisted that as many
i cigars were smoked to-day as at any
previous time perhaps more. "If a man
can't smoke on his wheel, he will
; hurry to ' some place where he can
put his feet up on the balcony
railing of a half-way house and enjoy his
I cigar. While we may not sell so many
j goods to a downtown house our sales at
j the out-of-town resorts— the Cliff House,
for instance have increased tenfold. It
takes more than a fad to break up a man
of fixed habits. Go to , the bicycle 'rests,'
| half-way houses and tne neighborhood of
j cycleries and you will find the sky clouded
with tobacco smoke that formerly floated
up from the streets of the city."
But this opinion is not sustained by the
wheelmen. themselves. They say they do
not smoke on the wheel and have not the
same desire to smoke when at rest as be
i fore they were overcome by the seductions
lof the wheel. Som e devotees of the wheel
1 were found in the cigar business, and in
j every instance they declared this to be
I true.
On the other hand the agent of a well
j known wheel, head of a large establish
| ment in the City, said : "I am an ardent
i wheelman— ride a great deal. Icm also a
j smoker from way bacK and have been for
j years. I smoke as many cigars, I guess,
as I ever did. However, it is true a man
I can't smoke on a wheel or don't want to,
and a man must quit smoking for that
j time— that follows. Therefore I have no
I doubt that, some men, perhaps many men,
. are diverted very considerably irom the
smoking habit."
H. L. Zimmerly, behind the counter at
Michalitschke & Co.'s stand at 900 Market
street, said: "There is no doubt that the
wheel has considerable effect on the
smoking habit. We notice it here espe
! cially on Sunday. Many men who used to
! frequent this neighborhood are not here.
| They are away on their wheels,
"What is true of Sunday is true of every
I other day in a less degree. They don't
take cigars with them on their excursions.
I ride the wheel and I know that I have
not the desire to smoke that I had. In
. fact, I don't smoke at all. lam training
for the races and I know at least fifty
other men who are doing the same, none
of whom, I believe, smoke at all. All of
them did smoke before they took to the
; wheel. Yes, I think the bike has stopped
a good deal of smoking."
N. P. Paterson, 730 Market street, said:
"It stands to reason that bicycling inter
feres with the smoking habit to a very con
siderable extent. Still, I can't say that I
have noticed its effect on my trade."
A. L. Bert elson of Market street rides
the wheel himself and claims to have the
I trade of a considerable number of riders.
He said: "It is true that a man cannot
smoke while he is riding. But if he is
given to smoking he will smoke at every
stop, and probably will smoke with a
greater relish for his exercise. That is my
i experience in the matter."
H. L. Indell said: "I sell more cigars
j than I did a year ago and I think that is
i the rule with dealers throughout the City.
I People, however, do not buy the expensive
grades they used to, because times are
harder. Men who never bought less than
a 12"/_-cent cigar are now content with a
ten-cent smoke. My boys belong to the
Olympic Club and are interested in cycling
and I know something of the habits of
bikers. It is natural to suppose that peo
ple cannot smoke at high pressure like
that, but I am sure it has not affected the
cigar trade."
J. C. Hiler, 637 Market street: "Smoking
on a bike is very injurious and very few
people are guilty of it. Still I have not
noticed that my trade has been affected
by the cycling fad." '
Sam Dannenbaum, 828 Market street:
"There is no doubt in the world but that
the wide favor into which the bike has
sprung is affecting the cigar trade and not
alone the cigar trade but many others.
It takes people out of town and away from
their ordinary resorts. . People who used
to spend their afternoons promenading
Market street are now to be found in the
park and on the country roads. I miss
very many who used to be familiar figures,
and I attribute their absence to the bicycle
habit." "
Dan P. Carter, 842 Market street : "The
bicycle makes a great difference in the
number of cigars smoked in this City, but,
distributed among all the dealers, no one
is affected to any appreciable extent. But
the bicycle rider does not smoke as much
as the man who travels otherwise. A man
buys a cigar especially to smoke on the
way if he is taking a trip on a streetcar.
The man who drives out with his friends
or his family for a day will stop at a cigar
store before starting and get a supply of
cigars. Not so the cycler. He don't want
to smoke. His mouth is dry enough as it
is from the exercise. He chews gum in
stead. I notice a great difference in the
number of people on Sunday."
Haley & Thorton said : "We have no
kick coming from the loss of trade on * ac
count of the bicycle. We sell as many
cigars as we did six years ago. We don't
see that it has affected our business in any
way." A/p
' G. M. Garwood, 1200 Market street,
corner * Golden Gate avenue, although on
the line of the bicycle track, declared he
saw no difference in his trade since the in
troduction of the bike. T
;..-. M. Blaskower & Co., corner Kearny and
Geary streets : "It may have some effect
on " the smoking habit, but it is hard to
tell. I think our sales are about the
same." ' ','" ",
Gross & Deutch, 5 Kearny street: "We
don't notice any difference in the busi
ness." -7*TvlT-T'
However much the cigar-dealers may
disclaim any loss of trade on account of
the bike — and in every instance where
they did so it was with some sadness of
tone, the billiard-table men are frank in
confessing that the wheel has encroached
very materially upon their business. The
manufacturers hear constant complaints
of slackening profits from their customers.
They say that young men who formerly
spent much money over the. tables now
find greater enjoyment out of doors on
the silent and speedy wheel.
As was said at the beginning the horse has
some stanch friends. The equine steed will
die hard if die he must. But livery-stables
and harness-makers and carnage-builders
feel that he has been losing ground, and
the feeling is natural. On the other hand
a new cyclery springs into existence every
few days, and all of them seem to be do
ing heaps of business. The war is on. A
thousand years hence, perhaps, the skele
ton of a horse will be a curiosity in a dime
museum.
HAPPY BY HIS INDUSTRY.
How Alex Gray Avoided the Effects of
Hard Times. .;-,'-';
Alex Gray is the name of one of the
most contented workingmen in San Fran
cisco, although he has not had work at his
trade for nearly three . years. He is a na
tive of Glasgow, Scotland, and when a boy
served his apprenticeship as a marble-cut
ter, becoming a first-class workman and
always drawing the best wages until hard
times came. He had saved some money,
but it did not last many months when he
had to support a large family. Work at
his trade was out of the question and so
Alex Gray, the Kindling Peddler.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
was any other job when hundreds of men
were willing to stand all night in a line
for the chance of earning a dollar a day.
But Alex did not stand in line, nor did
he go to the Associated Charities with a
tale of woe. He simply went into busi
ness for himself. It is a modest venture,
to be sure, but it has been enough to keep
his family in comparative comfort during
the hard times. The best of it is he has
had no competitors. His plan was to go
about new buildings and along the water
front and get all the old lumber he could.
This he carried to his home in the rear of
a building on Third street, and there cut
it into pieces of equal lengths and tied it
into neat bundles. It was just the right
size for small cookstoves, and by going
from house to house he found a ready sale
for all he could split at 5 cents a bundle.
': In less than a month dozens of people
came to his place to buy kindling, and "he
had not the least difficulty in finding new
customers every time he went out with a
load. '/;7" ; y .AJy;
•In speaking of the matter Alex said:
"Of course I didn't make $3 a day, but I
didn't expect to: My children have had
their , meals regularly, and my wife has
done nothing but the housework. We
have been comfortable, and have a little
money in case things should suddenly get
worse:; But I don't see how they can, and
as I have been promised work at my trade
in a few weeks I feel most hopeful."
Alex Gray is a man of powerful
physique. He can carry a dozen planks
many Dlocks and never get tired. He is
happy and cheerful all the time, and says
he will never complain of his lotas long
as he has the use of his arms and legs.
"People always want something," he
says, "and if you give them what they
want they will pay you for it." '.-":'
ITS NAME IS NAMELESS.
How a Town in Georgia Hag Gone Down
.-, ':-., -. in History.
J. R. Shepard, a prominent citizen of
Nameless, Laurens County, Ga., was in
the city yesterday on business, and while
here told a reporter how bis town got its
queer name. * - -•■ 7/ 7
"After the Postoffice authorities at
Washington decided, to eive us a post
office," said Mr. Shepard, "the question of
naming it arose, I had interested myself
in getting the office, and therefore it was
by common consent left to me to suggest
•a name to the authorities. Accordingly I
sent on -a name that I thought was a
beauty, and while awaiting a reply I
pictured how some day that same name
would be known all over the country, and
that the town would grow and blossom as
the rose, for I believe there is much in a
name. Finally the answer came back
that, while the name I had selected was a
good one, it was too similar to another
postoffice in Georgia. Then I put my brain
to work on another name. I just knew
they would accep. it, but the same answer
came -"back as before. Still another and
other names were bent, and each time the
; authorities would write back that there
was eituer another postoffice in the State
by that name, or tnat if it was adopted
there would be confusion in the mails.
"At last I sat down and wrote out a list
of several hundred names, and told them
if they could not find one in the list to suit
them the office would remain nameless, for
1 had suggested every name I had ever
heard of. In due time the answer came
back' ; 'l_et it remain Nameless,' and ever
since then it has had that name, which,
1 while a little odd, is not such a bad name
after all."— Macon Telegraph.
NEW DAY. TO-
WSIB-TERSINLY
ABOUT SO
.--;'**; ■ of the Very Highest Grade " 1
$100 BICYCLES
— TO BE SOLD FOR
$60 EACH!
..Judges of such wheels know that they will go
quickly. ': Such a chance cannot be offered by any
dealer because the price Is less than his wheels
cost at wholesale. The conditions throwing these
wheels on the market seldom occur. ibe sale will
begin February 25 at our new store,. 933 .Market
at., opposite Mason. ' Take elevator.
jTVf WHEELER & WILSON MFG. CO.
NEW TO-DAT.
->°V^^\'
/m. t\ \
_tl___sm_W__^aim%_-%t
DOCTOR SWEANY.
WHY
Is Dr. Sweanv acknowledged as PAN FR.Ufc
CISCO'S LEADING and .MOST SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALIST?
BECAUSE
His reputation has been established bv effect-
ing CURES OF CHRONIC DISEASES "in MEN
and WOMEN where other physicians of ac-
knowledged ability had failed. *
FACTS ARE STUBBORN THINGS.
Doctor Sweany successfully treats all chronic
diseases of the Head, Throat, Lungs, Heart,
Stomach. Liver and Kidnevs, disorders of the
Bladder, Rupture and Riles. ALL PRIVATE
DISEASES are permanently cured so that
there will be no relapse in the future.
THE FIRST THING TO DO
In order to get cured of the distressing ills re-
sulting from NERVOUS DEBILITY AND
SEMINAL WEAKNESS, which unlit you for
marriage, study and the every-day duties of
life and make your very existence miserable,
is to cast aside all false modesty and placo
yourself under the treiimgnt of this noted
Specialist. Troubles of this character are of an
insidious and hidden nature, but thev invari-
ably result in IMPOTENCY, PARALYSIS,
SOFTENING OF THE BRAIN and INSANITY,
and the victim should secure proper treatment
while there still is time. Doctor Sweany's ex-
perience in treating such diseases has been
worldwide. He has cured thousands of others
and CAN CURE YOU. lt is a part of judgment
and sense to seek Doctor Sweany first instead
of squandering time and money upon the
uncertainties of patent medicines and picayune
specialists.
THE POOR who call at his office on Friday
afternoons are welcome to the Doctor's valu-
able services free of charge.
WRITE
Your troubles if living away from the city.
Thousands are cured at home by correspond-
ence and medicines sent , them. Doctor
Sweany's patients will get all the advantaeea
of experience and travel in Europe, with dili-
gent study in her best Medical Institutions.
Letters are answered in ENGLISH, FRENCH,
GERMAN, ITALIAN, SWEDISH, NORWEGIAN
and DANISH.
Oflice hours— 9 a. M. to 12 m., 2to 5 and 7 to
Bp. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 m. only. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street. Opposite Examinee
Oilice, Sun Kntßeiseo, Cal.
f______?V *_r^_ r **•&
/thej.pex\^
I Bicycle Perfection I
_h is represented in the Monarch. All 4
£ the bicycle goodness that the best bi- <*
a cycle makers- know is incorporated A
+ in this king of wheels. No chronom- 2
A eter could be made with more care, < _
•or with greater accuracy. Every 4 *
• part of the 4 *
1 MONARCH ii
* >
A is in perfect harmony with all other 4 _
if parts. So perfect is the distribution 4 »
+ of weight, so accurate the adjust- 4 »
th ment of gear, that the Monarch will 4 -
& outs peed, outlast, outrival any wheel 4 »
4> on the market to-day. 4 *
A Mud.- in four models. As ft _r.fi 00, For ehtl. 4 *
f* dren and adults who want a lower price -,*.,-[ the JL
Y DEHANCE ii mat.- in tight model., 40, $00, ' '
5» $60 and $?5. Send for the Monarch Kook. 4 I
X MONARCH CYCLE MFG. CO.. **«- J *
X 3 and 6 Front Street, SAN FRANCISCO. ! J
.HMfMMMOMMIIMH
ImvjoY''"^* Count
r' Count
Cost
*^2^4i_^_«&3ft a __, j
/*• And
Fix the Standard.-^***-™*
We give you the BEST for
$20 less than others de-
mand. Thorough methods do
the business. We've studied
them for your benefit.
CATALOGUE TELLS ALL.
IftDlA^fl BICVCIiE CO.
J. 8. CONWELL, Manager,
18 and 20 r_cAllister St.. S. P.
— , _ _ — , — ,
1896 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED.
1895 Models "Will bo Sold for
$85.00.
* COME WHILE THEY LAST.'
1896 Rara1)1er5.....,...;...............510().0i
1895 ..amblers.. 85.01
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F.
427 S. Spring* st., Los Angeles.'
I ALL LATHEWORK^^^^FOR TWO YEARS
j A.L.BANCROFT & C0.324- POST ST.S.R
1718
SOCIETY
fc— ■ jj-OHE embittered augurs who pre-
I dieted the "dead cold frost" for
THE embittered augurs who pre
dicted the "dead cold frost" for
I the Mardi Gras retired in humilia
)\ tion and disgust on Tuesday even
ing, the joyous laughter of the
many guests at the most successful ball
ever given in San Francisco ringing mock
ingly in their ears. j
In fact, the success of the Mardi Gras j
bal masque surpassed the hopes of even j
the most sanguine.
The scene was brilliant beyond descrip
tion, and, although character costuming
was in the decided minority, full atone- i
ment was made by the many elegant j
gowns and jewels worn by fairest repre
sentatives of San Francisco society.
Several elegant and a corresponding
number of original costumes varied the
dull monotony of the pink and white and
blue domino.**. There were two "Trilbys,"
in the fetching, military .costume — Miss
Maynard and Mrs. Jimmie Robinson — and
to these two ladies should certainly be
awarded the palm for the best sustained
character. . 7 -.7
Ths elder married ladies particularly
distinguished themselves by their magnifi
cent gowns, and more elegant lace was
seen on Tuesday evening than on any
other previous fashionable gathering.
Although the majority of the men wore
the conventional evening dress suit a num
ber of "gentlemen of the court" were seen,
and now and then a stray football-player.
The Burlingame set wore its "pink coats"
and the army and navy was resplendent
with brass buttons.
Long before the evening was over the
revelers tired of the tiny masks which con
cealed so zealously their identity and un
masking was in order. Thus one of the
most fascinating pleasures of the bal
masque, the mystery, was done away with.
Another delightful dance was" the Cun
ningham cotillon on Monday evening.
There were about fifty young people pres
ent, and Miss Houghton led with ease and
grace. The decorations. of the handsome
drawing-rooms were much.. admired, espe
cially the huge armchair of fragrant Par
ma violets. ,7-77 7' -
The luncheon given by the Misses Boss
and Farquharson, respectively, at the
University Club on Monday afternoon
were most delightful affairs. The table
decorations were exquisite,, the company
most congenial and the menu elaborate
and delicious.
With commendable spirit the Doctor's
Daughters decided that the first Lenten
entertainment should be for charity, and
the entertainment, tableaux vivants, at the
residence of Mrs. Clark Crocker on Thurs
day evening, proved a financial as well as a
social success.
The pictures were arranged with most
careful attention to detail and the results
were most artistic and satisfactory. The
Gibson pictures were especially 'beautiful
and the fair counterparts most admirably
adapted to represent those stunning Ameri
can girls.
The old-fashioned Dutch picture, "The !
Letter," which was one of the main fea
tures at the recent "living-pictures" enter
tainment given by Mrs. Paul Jarboe and
Mrs. Joseph Tobin, again attracted much
favorable criticism. \
There were several dinners on Thursday
evening and a pretty home wedding.' Mrs.
Geo. C. Shreve entertained several friends
at dinner at her residence on Pine street.
Her guests were: Mr. and Mrs. George R.
Shreve, Mr. and Mrs. It. J. Woods, Mr.
and Mrs. George Lent, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
Knight, Miss Shreve, Miss Hooker, Miss
Houghton, Henry Houghton, Harry Hol
brook and Mr. Bonny.
Mrs. E. Heller gave the last of her series'
of dinners on Thursday evening. The
table decorations were elegant and the
menu elaborate. Covers were laid for
twenty. . ;
On Thursday evening, the wedding of
Miss Bertha A. Fuller, youngest daughter
of Mrs. Margaret Fuller and the late "W. P.
Fuller, and Charles A. Kinkelin of the Lon«
don, Paris and American Bank, whs
quietly solemnized at the residence of the
bride's mother, 839 O'Farrell street.
Only the immediate relatives of both the
high contracting parlies witnessed .the
ceremony, which was performed by the
Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebbins. " ./pyAiA
There were no attendants. After the
ceremony a bridal dinner was served, after
which there was a family dance, the young
■ ..--■'. - - . - .. .
couple leading in the good old "Virginia
Keel."
The bride wore a very handsome gown of
heliotrope silk and white satin. The jupe
was made en train of the heliotrope silk and
the bodice was of white satin embroidered
with violets. Mr. and Mrs. Kinkelin have
left for a southern bridal tour.
On Thursday Miss Agnes Brandenstein
entertained thirty-rive young ladies at an
, elaborate luncheon at her residence on the
corner of Gough and California streets.
The guests were seated at three tables,
oneof which was decorated in pink blos- !
' soms, another in green and white and the
third with yellow eschschoitzias. , Ty.'
After the luncheon a delightful enter
tainment was arranged. Miss Rose Adler
and Miss Moroney gave an act from "Hans
and Gretel*' and Mr?. Lenstroth recited.
On Thursday Mrs. Arnstein gave an
elaborate luncheon at her residence, corner
of Franklin and Pine streets. Covers were
laid for thirty. ' TT
The Verein and California clubs will
join forces for a high jinks on Saturday
evening, February 20.
ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.
Preparations for a Large Number of Easter
Weddings,
There has just been announced in Eastern
society circles the engagement of . Miss Pris
cilla Eaton of Concord, N. H., to William Mc-
Leod McKay of Eureka, Cal. The young lady
is the representative of two of the oldest and
first, families of staid New England and has.
enjoyed the advantages of a finished education
and the best society that the public affords.
The gentleman is one of our foremost workers
in secondary education and has hosts of
friends in Napa, Placer and Santa Clara coun
ties, -yy ..... , .'* ...,■*.
The engagement is announced of Gustav
Lindermann and Miss Emma Mengel, young
est daughter of John Mengel.*
The engagement of Miss Josie Studwick and
Leo Heringhi is announced.
The nuptials of Mrs. Sophie Martin and
Julius Leibes will be solemnized on the Ist of
i March.
The marriage of Miss Beckie Slckel and
Albert Jacobs of Santa Rosa will take place on
bunday evening, February 23, at the home of
the bride's mother.
WEDDINGS.
Several Pretty Home Weddings Celebrated
Dnring the Week. •
The wedding of Miss Minna Robinett,
daughter of Mrs. John Robinett, and C. SH.
Herrlngton, a popular attorney of San Jose,
was quietly solemnized ou February 6at the
residence of the bride's mother, 1010}^ Twen
tieth street. Only relatives and a limited
number of intimate friends were present at the
ceremony. Mr. and Mrs. Herrington are mak
ing their home at San Jose, and are located at
330 North Sixth street. ..
A quiet home wedding took place last Sun
day evening at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Roach, 865 Eighteenth' street, Oakland, the
principals in the .affair being Miss Mayne
Smith of Oaaland and Philip Bradbury, the
wall-known traveling-man for the California
Casket Company. , '
The parlors were tastefully decorated with
smilax and lilies. The bride presented a most
charming appearance in a gown of light gray
material, trimmed at the throat with white
chiffon. Only intimate friends were invited,
among whom were: Mrs. L. B. Ayers, Mr. and
Mrs. Roach, Mrs. J. F. Creamer and daughter,
Edward Smith, Mr.. Grace Meetayer, Frank
Hout't, Miss Gladys Houpt, Mr. and the Misses
Campbell. Andrew Campbell and wife, Men
tenant Kennedy and brother, the latter acting
as best man, and Miss Emma King of Sacra
mento, the bridesmaid. *-.*■••*:
The happy couple will spend their honey
moon traveling in the north, and will make
their home in this City.
HOME PARTIES. '*-
Receptions in Honor of St. Valentine's
Day.
A most enjoyable party was given by the
Misses Daisy and Grace Wiener at their resi
dence, 1628% Geary street, on St. Valentine's
eve. The invitations, which were in two heart
shaped cards pierced by an arrow, contained
' the mystifying announcement, "Coming events
cast their shadows before." 1 This 7 was ex
plained when on the arrival of the guests and
before seeing each other the boys were required
to choose their partners ' for supper *by .the
shadow cast on a sheet suspended between the
two rooms which separated the boys, from the
girls. ?A' pleasant time was ; spent |in dancing
and playing games. Miss Del Valle favored '
! the guests with a vocal solo, which was greatly
I applauded, and Miss Dennery gave with fine
execution a recitation. '" Hearts predominated
in the decorations of the rooms, the prevailing
colors being red; and gold. After " supper
dancing , was continued, the valentine " box
opened and the valentines distributed; Those
present were: Misses Ray Del Valle, Leslie
Grinnell, Nettle Robitischer, Daisy Dennerv,
Edith Kohlberg, Daisy Holje, Rose Holje,' Zelda
Wiener, Reua Trigg, Rita Merrill, Fannie Red
lick, Rey Cohn. Corn_lia Duperu, Daisy
Wiener and Grace . Wiener; , Messrs. Adolph
Judell, Harry Kahn, Will Duperu, Fred Day, I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
Leb Pullen, Dan Del Valle, Will Kohlberg, Ed
Wiener, Alex Meyer, Dewitt McDonald, Harold
Forbes, Emmanuel Wiener and Harry Grin
nell. ,-
Last Friday evening Miss Nellie King gave a
valentine party at her home to the members of
the Young Ladies' Leap Year Club of '90. The
last part of the evening' was spent in vocal and
musical selections ■ rendered by Miss Julia
Grass and Miss Pauline Cohn, after which the
guests partook of a very tempting repast, each
receiving a handsome valentine. Those, pres
ent were: Miss Nellie King, Miss Jessie
Ketcham, Miss Julia Grass, Miss Rose Cohn,
Miss Emma Nerbaugh, Miss Amy Ketcham,
Miss Minnie Cohn, Miss Lettie Canney, Miss
Pauline Cohn and Miss Mamie Ryan.
At the invitation of Superintendent Bab
cock Miss Lillian O'Connell gave on Wednes
day, at the Washington Grammar School, one
of her lecture-recitals upon colonial life in
America. Without any apparent effort Miss
O'Connell held the close attention of the
crowded audience of teachers and pupils for
more than an hour as she discoursed upon the
habits of life in Puritan times, exciting by
turns laugh ter and tears. At the conclusion of
the entertainment a vote of thanks to Miss
O'Connell from the principals and teachers of
public schools who were present was enthusi
astically offered, z. yy ;
Mme. Ellen Coursen-Roeckel gave an inter
esting literary and musical matinee at her
elegant residence, 1000 Fulton street, on
Wednesday afternoon. The following literary
and musical numbers were very much enjoyed
by the invited guests:
Elegy, "Where Thou Art," and "Brown Eyed
Nell" (Roeckel), Mme. Ellen Coursen-Roeckel:
violin solo, "Habanera and Romance
(Sarasate), Arthur Johannsen accompanied by
Mrs. Johannsen; recitation, "The Visitor" and
"The Wind in the Chimney," Mrs. Douglas
Adam ; cavatina (Rossini), Mile. Elena Roeckel ;
contralto solo, "Ah, 'Tis a Dream" (Hawley),
Miss Dora Cohn; grand scene from "Aida,"
Mme. Coursen-Roeckel and Miss Nell Couch;
"Madaline" (White), little Eva Bolger; Lied,
(Schubert), Miss TiUie Miley; address, "Sym
pathy as a Great Factor in Art," Mme. Coursen-
Roeckel; "Mon Torno" (Mattle), Senorita Adela
de Galvez; "Waiting" (Millard), Miss Grace
Sherry; aria, "Nabucodonosor" (Verdi), Miss
Annette Miley; "Prelude and Star Spangled
Banner," Mrs. Lewis ana chorus.
Ice cream and choice delicacies were served
during the interludes. The guests present
were: Mrs. Captain S. E. Wallace, Mr. Thor
ington C. Chase, Mrs. Douglas Adam, Miss
Helen Johnson, Mrs. William B. Hunt, Mrs.
Toby G. Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Johann
sen, Mrs. C. N. Currie, Miss Jeanie ('urrie,
Miss Annette Miley, \ Mrs. Gilbert Whitaker,
Miss Nell Couch, Miss Grace Sherry, Mrs. Will
iam Shew, Miss Rose Packard, Senorita Adela
de Galvez, Senorita Victoria Menendez. Senorita
P. Hermeudez, Miss Eckfeldt. Miss Maud Hall,
Miss Lilly Hemme, Miss Eva Bolger, Miss
Simonds, Miss Tillie Milev, Miss Dora Cohn,
and Mrs. H. Lewis.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
St. Andrew's Society and Whist Clubs En
- tertain.
. The St. Andrew's Society gave one of its pop
ular open meetings at Scottish Hall, 111 Lar
kin street, on Monday evening, February 17.
which was largely attended by members ana
friends, who were very agreeably entertained
by the excellent rendition of the following
programme:
Violin solo, Wellington Gregg; song, "When
j Thou Art Here, Love," Miss Florence Lane;
| duet, "The Minute Gun at Sea," Mrs. George
j Center and Sam Booth; piano solo, "The Defile
March," Miss Clement; song, "Flora Macdon
j aid's Lament," W. C. Cook; song, "Mary of
Argyle," Miss Jessie Finnic; song, "1890,"
Sam Booth; musical selections by the Trinity
Quintet (Elbert Cowan, William H. Bursh,
Jaques Harding, Robert C. Reid and Miss
I Annie M. Reid); duet, "Owen Thou in the
Cauld Blast," Mrs. L. S. Anderson and W. C.
Cook; violin solo, Elbert Cowan; song, "The
Auld Quarry Kr.owe," Andrew McNair; song,
'• 'Twas Within a Mile o' Edinboro Toun," Mrs.
George Center; recitation, "Love in aBalloon,"
John H. Bole; song, "The Green'och Tree,"
j David H. Finnic; musical selections, Trinity
Quintet; "Auld Lang Syne," James Sullivan,
James Scobie, John McLaren and W. C. Cook. ;
President Andrew Wilkie presided over the
1 meeting, and Mrs. L. S. . Anderson played the
| piano accompaniments.
j The executive council of the Companions
! of the Forest of America were most agreeably
- entertained by Mrs. Helene Worms at her resi
dence, 707*4 McAllister street, Sunday after-
I noon. At 12:30 o'clock the guests were ush
; ered into the dining-room, where an elaborate
menu awaited them. The hours were most
pleasantly spent in doing justice to a delicious
repast, interspersed with speeches and toasts.
Those present were: Mrs. A. B. Andreus, grand
chief companion; Mrs. M. A. Duke, grand
chief companion; Mrs. J. R. nimes, grand
treasurer; Mrs. Emma Harrington, grand
trustee; Mrs. M. E. Read, grand trustee; Mrs,
Helene Worms, grand inside guard; B. Worms,
the Misses Balmy-re, Irene and Alice Worms.
They regretted very much the enforced ab
sence of Miss Agnes D. Bremer, grand secre
tary, and Mrs. N. Green, grand trustee.
The Aloha Whist Club gave another of its en
joyable theater parties and banquet last even
ing. Among those present were: Mr. Lacy,
Mr. and Mrs. Keiser, Mrs. McMullin, Colonel
Shourb, Miss Johnson. Mrs. Andrews, Mrs.
Jones, Th. H. H. Andrews and E. Norman.
The final gathering of the Tuesday Night
Whist Club was held at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. John Lee Jr.. 614 Steiner street, on
Tuesday evening last. Tho following were the
successful contestants: Mr. Scott, first gentle
man's prize; Mr. Lee, second gentleman's prize;
! Miss Hubbell and Miss S. Lee, second and first
ladles' prizes respectively. '.-;'.;.''
A BIRTHDAY PARTY.
Miss Nina Boyle Celebrates Her Eleventh
Birthday.
Miss Nina Boyle entertained a number of her
little fricud3 on Saturday afternoon, February
15, at the residence of her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Boyle, 2027 Vallejo street.
The occasion of the gathering was Miss
Nina's eleventh birthday and she and her
numerous little friends celebrated the day in
royal style. Flowers, ferns and palms deco
rated the drawing-rooms, dming-hall and cor
ridor, and the entire house was placed at the
disposal of the little guests.
Games and music helped to make the time
pass pleasantly, the little ones having rare fun
in putting the wily heathen, "Little Ah Sid's"
tail in place. For the successful accomplish
ment of this feat prizes were awarded, Miss
Maggie Boyle capturing the first prize and
Miss Bessie Glover the booby prize.
The Misses Maggie and Anita Boyle con
tributed to the enjoyment of the afternoon by
playing a piano duet, and Miss Lillie Boyd and
Miss Vola Simon contributed 'several vocal
solos. "
At 3 :30 the little ones repaired to the dining
room,, where elaborate refreshments were
served, after which games were continued
until 6:30 o'clock.
Those present were: the Misses Rita and
Marion Fouratt, the Misses Maggie and Anita
Boyle, the Misses Inez and Millie Byrne, the
Misses Alida and Beth Vail, Miss Viola Simon,
Miss Bessie Glovar, Miss Edith Byrara, Miss
Tony Goldstein, Miss Annie Kahler, Miss Lillie
Boyd, Miss Selma Lutticken, Miss Gretta Wat
terman and Miss Nina banquet last even
ong those present were: Mr. Lacy,
Mrs. Keiser, Mrs. McMullin, Colonel
Miss Johnson, Mrs. Andrews, Mrs.
. EL H. Andrews and E. Norman,
al gathering of the Tuesday Night
ub was held at the residence of Mr.
John Lee Jr.. 614 Steiner street, on
;vening last. The following were the
I contestants: Mr. Scott, first gentle
ze; Mr. Lee, second gentleman's prize;
bell and Miss S. Lee, second and first
izes respectively.
A BIRTHDAY PARTY,
ia Boyle Celebrates Her Eleventh
Birthday,
ia Boyle entertained a number of her
:id3 on Saturday afternoon, February
c residence of her parents, Mr. and
nas Boyle, 2027 Vallejo street,
casion of the gathering was Miss
eventh birthday and she aud her
' little friends celebrated the day in
le. Flowers, ferns and palms deco
drawing-rooms, dining-ha!l and cor
-1 the entire house was placed at the
if the little guests.
tnd music helped to make the time
.antly, the little ones having rare fun
? the wily heathen, "Little Ah Si. i's"
ice. For the successful accomplish
tnis feat prizes were awarded. Miss
loyle capturing the first prize and
ie Glover the booby prize,
sses Maggie and Anita Boyle con
to the enjoyment of the afternoon by
piano duet, and Miss Lillie Boyd and
a Simon contributed several vocal
the little ones repaired to the dining
here elaborate refreshments were
iter which games were continued
U O'CIOCK.
present were: the Misses Rita and
ouratt, the Misses Maggie and Anita
c Misses Inez and Millie Byrne, the
ida and Beth Vail, Miss Viola Simon,
»ie Glover. Miss Edith Byram, Miss
ist-'in, Miss Annie Kahler, Miss Lillie
;s Selma Lutticken, Miss Gretta Wat
ad Miss Nina Boyle.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Pleasant Home Gatherings for Young People
and Children.
A very enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered to Miss Mabel Benher at her residence,
105 Francisco street, Saturday enening. Miss
Ella Hennebey received the guests. A pleas
aat evening was spent in games and dancing.
At midnight supper was served, and at a late
hour in the morning the party broke up.
Among those invited were: Miss Lillie Hune
man, Miss Emma Schober, Miss Agnes Henne
bey, Miss Rose Nage!, Miss Sophie Sshober,
Miss Bessie Dixon, Miss : Ida Henschin, Miss
Jennie ellery, Miss Louise Dagneau, Miss
Lucy Dagneau, Miss Bertie Day, Miss Jennie
Clark, Bertie Devon, Percy Henshaw. Emile
Anderson. Fred Taff, Henry Low, Joseph Dag
neau, Eddie Adams, Robert Aspen, Daniel
Cavanagh, Thomas Homeberg and George
Benfrer. . s . ...
Miss aggie Sporvart was tendered a most
delightful surprise - party on - last Saturday
evening at her residence, 713 Bush street, in
honor of her birthday and also her near de
parture for a vacation to Vancouver Island;
The evening was spent most delightfully in
dancing, singing and .games, which was kept
up until 11 o'clock, when all assembled in the
dining-room to do justice to the feast spread
before them. , . .
The -main feature of the evening was the
electrified cake. A battery was attached to the
birthday cake and when the young lady cut
the cake she got an electric shock, much to the
amusement of the guests. After the repast the
fjuests assembled in the -parlors and resumed
their dancing and games, which were kept up
until break, when all dispersed. '
The music was furnished by Walter E. West
and VV. McKillip. f Mme. yon Lindemann fur
nished choice selections on the piano. .,
; Among, those present were: Mr. , and Mrs.
David Sporvart Sr., Mr. and Mrs. Milton Gale,
Mr. and Mrs. David Sporvart Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Hanfey, Mr. and Mrs. John J. Murphy,
Mr. and ; Mrs. Joseph ■*• A. Rosa, Miss Maggie
Sporvart, Mme. yon Lindemann, Mi*s Hannah
Sporvart, Miss Mabel Sporvart, Miss .Mamie
Kelly, Miss Anna Rosa,. Miss Mollie Quigley, |
Miss Lizzie Quigley, Miss Jennie Ramsev, Miss
Lizzie Ramsey, Miss Kate Hartford and many
others. ■ '  ypy >->
Mrs. M. E. Berry of 138 Gough street was
given a surprise party on her birthday, Febru
ary 14, by about twenty-five of her friends.
The evening closed with an elegantly appointed
supper served at tete-a-tete tables. The guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. John Fenton, Mr. and Mrs.
Jewell, Mr. and Mrs. McFee, Mr. and Mrs.
Hurst, Mr. and Mrs. J. Williston, Mr. and Mrs.
A. VV. Larimer, Mr. and Mrs. G.W. Holcomb,
Mr. and Mrs. VV. McAllister, Mr. and Mrs. F. P.
Dooley, Mrs. Floy TJrquhart. Mrs. Fanny Igo,
Mr. and Mrs. R. Berry.
A surprise Rprtv was tendered to Miss May
Finley by her parents at her residence, 811
Minnesota street, . Potrero, on Thursday even
ing, February 13. A very enjoyable evening
was spent. The ladies and gentlemen present
were: Misses M. Dal v. A. Daly, L. Finley, L.
McDermott, C. Mine", M. Finley: Mrs.* Pugh,
Mrs. Finley, Mrs. M. McCanu, Mrs. L. Christen
sen; Messrs. D. Cronin, J. Sheehan, E. O'Don
nell, J. Keegan, J. Cronin. Stewart. J. Pugh, R.
Puck, J.Daly, J. Keefe, Barron, H. Finley,
Mr. Finley.
A surprise hop was given to George Robert
Smith last Wednesday evening by his fellow
medical students, after .which refreshments
were served. Toasts were delivered and an
swered. Dr. Smith gave a.very pointed lecture
on "The evils of eating onions on* Saturday
night."
Last Saturday evening, February 15, a few of
the many friends of Master Charles Spinks
tendered him a surprise party at the residence
of his parents, 1527 Leavenworth street. The
guests assembled at the house while Master
Spinks was out visiting a friend. Upon his re
turn he was greatly amazed to see so many of
his associates and schoolmates ready to sur
prise him. Games and singing were indulged
in till midnight, when all present adjourned
to the conservatory, where an elegant table ar
ranged by the Misses Murray was in readiness
and a bountiful repast was indulged in.
Among those present were: Miss Tessa Rust,
Miss Violet Spinks, Miss Addle Wrede, Miss
Alice Kenny, Miss Aggie McAuliffe, Miss Lucy
Hartnett, Miss Grace Kennv, Miss Maggie
Hartnett, Miss Dollie McAuliffe, Miss Pemp
ridge, Miss Kenny, Miss Lucy Murray, ; Miss
Hattie Murray, Miss Kathryn Nolan, Miss
Margarette Miloglav, Miss Kittie Murray. Miss
Sarah Murray, Charles Spinks, Jimmie Rochs,
Waltie Horton, Hazelton Scott, Guthrie Scott,
Sammie Hartnett, Jobnv Lombard, George
Guun, John Curtis, Willie McKune, Richard
Hunt, Mr. and Mrs. Spinks.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Stabens were the re
cipients of a pleasant surprise party tendered
them by the Club of Eleven on the occasion of
the first anniversary of their wedding. The I
happy couple were taken by surprise and
the evening was enjoyably spent in dancing
and vocal and instrumental selections. Credit
is due to Miss Flora 'Green, Jacob Nathan and
Mrs. Reuben Cohn for the efficient manner in
which they made the arrangements.
AT CORONADO.
A Week of Festivities at This Popular Re
. sort. _ :A;/ypy,
A lively round of sports filled the week at
Coronado. Tennis, polo, ' sailing, driving,
shooting, races,' chases, visits to the warships,
army and navy drills, hops and' dinner parties
were a few of the host of diversions outlined
for just six days of winter "idleness."
Lieutenant C. L. Collins, U. S. A., who is at
Coronado with his wife, is director of the
tennis tournaments which take place daily on
the hotel court. .
Lieutenant Harry R. Lee, TJ. S. A., Mrs. Lee
and Lieutenant-Commander Wadhara of the
Monterey and Mrs. Wadham are making their
headauarters at Coronado. .!"_;
Mrs. Lester A. Beardslee and Mrs. George N.
Stoney, representing Hotel del Coronado, with
Mrs. Jesse Grant oi San Diego, assisted Mrs.
Charles Nordhoff in receiving at the pretty re
ception she gave last week in compliment to
Admiral Beardslee. and party. The attractive
home on Tolita avenue was tnronged with be
tween 100 and 200 people, including several
prominent in San Francisco, paying their
respects to the noted host, and hostess and
their guests of honor.
A novel entertainment, which' will be a
children's piano benefit, is to take place next
week in the Hotel del Coronado ballroom. An
intricate figure march in costume; a manual
of arms drill with wands and living pictures
are being rehearsed by the happy young folks.
- Last' week's chase was one of the most
spirited that ever went out to capture rabbits.
E. S. Babcock was master of hounds, ai."4 there
was a large following of ladies and gentlemen,
both mounted and in carriages.
IN THE NEAR FUTURE.
Social Clubs Announce Entertainments, Re
ceptions and Dances.
On next Saturday evening, February 29, a
complimentary benefit will be tendered to
James E. Donahue at B'nai B'rith Hall, 121
Eddy street. Mr. Donahue has for the past
three years appeared at charitable and other
functions, both as a barytone vocalist and
whistling soloist. This benefit is given by his
many friends as a recognition of past favors.
A good programme will bo presented, to con
clude with a grand ball. . -'f *_. . Ap/yT p/K-
Captain L. Siebo has issued invitations for
the opening picnic at Shell Mound Part, Sun
day, March 18. There will be a concert from
10 a. it. to 12 ii. and dancing from 1 to 6:15
F. M.
Stanford Parlor will give its tenth anniver
sary party on Friday evening, February* 21, at
Native Sons* Hall, Mason street, between
Geary and Post.
The third concert of the nineteenth season
of the Loring Club will be given in Odd Fel
lows' Hall on Thursday evening, the 27th
inst., when, judging from the present demand
for tickets, the likelihood is that the audience
will prove equally large to those of the two
former concerts of this season, when the hall
was filled to overflowing.
The artistic success of these last two concerts
was complete and seems to have inspired the
club to still greater effort. The programme of
this concert includes some very strong male
voice choral numbers, and additional interest
is given to it by the fact that Miss Ardella Mills
will appear as soloist. The club has also en
gaged the services of B. Mollenhauer, violinist,
and is always to be congratulated upon having
such an able accompanist as Mrs. Carmichael-
Cerr. D. P. Hughes, the director of the club,
will conduct.
The Golden Gates will give their fourteenth
party at California Hall, 620 Bush street, on
Thursday evening, February 20.
The Verdi Cotillon Club gives its fourteenth
party at Union Square Hall on Friday, Febru
ary 28. . .
PERSONAL NOTES.
Mrs. Will Tevis has returned after an ex
tended stay at her place at Bakersfleld.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Minor are located at the
Colonial, corner of Pine and Jones streets.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Mprely Jackson, who are
visiting Mrs. Jackson's parents, Dr. and Mrs.
Williams, leave by steamer .on Saturday next
for their home in Tacoma. '
Solomon Hirsch, ex-Mlnlster to Turkey,
his daughter, Miss Ella Hirsch, who have been
visiting friends in this' City, returned 1 yester
day to their home in Portland, Or. *
Mrs. Theodore Lunstedt is the guest of Mrs.
B. F. Jellison at Fair View farm in Oakville,
Napa County.
Mrs. Judge Cornish of St. Paul, Minn., is
visiting her sister, Mrs. Paris Kilburn, at 1117
Taylor street.
Mrs. J. E. Goody has . arrived from Southern
California and is stopping with her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. George 11. Lee, 625 Golden Gate
avenue. ....■■■..-■ "• ■■■
Carrie Roma, formerly a Tivoli prima donna,
arrived home from New York .Sunday, called
to California ny h»r mother's serious illness.
Miss Roma has canceled all Eastern engage
ments and will remain here a few months.
Mr. and Mrs. Rothchild have returned from
their visit to Portland, Or. ~
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Seymour of San Francisco
returned to town from Los Angeles the first
of this week and are again at their apartment
suite in the Baldwin Hotel. The heated term
that prevailed around about the southern sec
tion of our State deterred them from visiting
New^Orleans to see the Mardi Gras carnival
there, >, fearing to meet a hot spell along the
line to the Gulf City. Mrs. Susanna Seymour is
an hospitable hostess ' and entertained at
luncheon soon after her arrival hither Signor
Sanchez, from Santa Ana.
IT WAS HIS FATHER.
Mrs. Eliza bet Geralde Denies That Her
Son Is an lix-Convlct.
Mrs. Elizabeth Geralde indignantly de
nies the charge made by her son-in-law,
Fied Bray, that she keeps a " disorderly
house. The daughter, whom * Bray ac
cuses of being a dissolute woman,*" Mrs.
Geralde states, has worked in a factory for
nearly ten 7 years, has led an honest life
and, with her brother, been the chief sun
port of her mother. Mrs. Geralde further
denies emphatically that her son, whom
she describes as a good, hard-working boy,
is an ex-convict.* She makes the counter
charge— and supports it with official-look
ing documents— that Bray's father.served
a term in San Quentin .in 1808, and that
his uncle. August J. Reboul,' served two
terms in a military prison in 1877, and was
dishonorably discharged. T : z ■/■. ;•
The controversy; about .pedigrees ; was
brought about through the father's desire
to place their daughter, Hazel, in charge
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children. : ' .7 ' ' .
BAB ON LATE GIRL FADS
They All Now Belong to the
School of Vingtieme
Siecle.
FIRST STEP IS NATURALNESS.'
I
The Next Progression Is to Marry a
Man Ten Years their
Junior.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 18, 1896.—
If you want to be fashionable just now
you must be an optimist. Everything
that we connect with the word fin de
siecle is out of form, and anybody who is
anybody says that one is vingtieme siecle.
You wouldn't think the change in words
would make so much difference, but it
does. The tin de siecle girl was given over
to many bad habits cigarette-smoking,
lolling about in teagowns and darkened
rooms, mooning over erotic poets or ana
lytical novels, arid, in fact, belonging to
the school of Aubrey Beardsley, who is
cleverly enough making money at fooling
the world. And up to its bent. -
By the by, Mr. Beardsley has just
added to his fame it fame or notoriety ?
— by painting a picture of the "Virgin
and Child," and his conception of the
Holy Mother shows her in a hooped gown
of red velvet, looped with pink roses. And
London laughs, but still it buys his books.
He has just announced that the woman
who is most exquisitely shaped, or as he
puts it, "divinely tall," should measure
from the hip to the bend of the knee
twenty-two inches, and from the knee to
the heel twenty-two inches.
Curiosity led me to measure a friend
who is of medium height, with the result
that she measured from the hip to the
bend of the knee twenty-three inches, and
from the bend of the knee to the heel
eighteen inches. Mr. Beardsley's measure
ments probably cause him to be so im
mensely off in his drawings. About his
color I can say nothing, but- I should
think he needed to be treated as the
Howling Swell said his uncle was, that is,
"You see, dear boy, he did' not know red
from black, but he went to a Johnny doc
tor, paid his fee, and now he can see as
well as anybody." Thatjis what is needed
for the Beardsley school to go to a Johnny
doctor and get its seeing apparatus
straightened so that their women will not
look like rcund bathtubs put on clothes
poles and topped with a tea cup and sau
cer.
But to return to the girls. The fin de
siecle girl liked to talk about death, about
its joys, about the painful pleasures of life,
and she changed her religion quite as often
as she did her washerwoman, in her efforts
to get one fitted to her poor little soul.
Such a miserable little soul ! It has been
haggled over, put out on exhibition, its
possibilities discussed by long-haired men
and short-haired women until/absolutely,
I doubt its being worth dedicating to any
thing. All the women who knew nothing
talked about the daughter of the unknown.
And all the wise women stood off and
wondered if, when Congress was over, the
fool-killer would come around. But we
have changed all that. The girl that is
vingtieme siecle must, first of all, be
natural. She eats well, she enjoys her
self heartily and she finds an immense
pleasure in telling the truth. Sometimes
she embarrasses you with her great
truthfulness. She is rich in opinions
about bonnets, about books, about babies,
about pictures and about men. She is
particularly fond of announcing her age.
She * patronizes the youth of ; 20.
whose father has allowed him to go out
alone in his first dress-clothes. -by saying
to him : "Now,. my dear boy, lam ages
older than you— l am quite 28— old enough
to be your mother ! Let me introduce you
to that nice little blond. Miss Giddy, who
is just 17, and you two lovely young things
can have a beautiful time together."
That wasn't what he came for. Under
his breath he wishes that Giddy girl was
in heaven, and he tells Miss Theodora
Truth that he would much rather stay
with her. Of course, she expected this,
but still, when he has acted like a goose
and proposed to her, she is able to say to
the women of his family: "I never tried
to get him; I told him that I was older
than he was; I said I could be a mother,
but not a sweetheart, to him, ana I offered
to introduce him to no end of pretty girls.
But he would hang about me."
She of the vingtieme siecle may tell the
truth, but the truth, dressed or in its
nudity, is as dangerous to handle as nitro
glycerine. What is the consequence? You
pick up your morning paper and you say:
"Gracious goodness! Paul Smith, that
boy of ,- Kitty's, has married one of those
Fornace girls. Why, she is at least ten
years older than he is."
The answer, a little languidly spoken, is:
"Oh, my dear, it is getting to "be such an
old story for men to marry women older
than they are. The son of the richest man
in the world is desperately in love with a
young lady who, if we used the horrid old
terms we used to, would be called an old
maid, and I don't think he is 21.
Then the famous divorcee . married a
man younger than herself by some
thing like - eight years, and, personally,
I think that the idea has got into, the
heads of the Johnnies that they can
save themselves money and time by marry
ing the woman who has had the experi
ence which is unknown to them, and who
would, in view of their youth, be less
selfish than a young girl, "and so would
make the man's happiness the first, con
sideration." I listened with a bit of sur
prise, because I had not credited the
Johnnies with so much brain, but is it a
rabbit, or which small beast, that has al
most as much brain as a man? If the !
girl of the vingtieme siecle is writing a
book, and, of course, she makes some mis
takes, it is on the subject of "How to en
joy yourself twenty-three hours out of
twenty-four." And if she has ' been led
astray and induced to write a play that
will cause the curtain to go up at least
once, you can be pretty certain that the
story involved is one of true love, and all i
the people in it are good and are having a
good time. The villain is never anything
worse than the cook; but then a bad cook
is* a villain whose ways are secret and in
tense. -
Just at present the girl of . the twentieth
century is saying to herself, "Why should
I spend my dollars., good American dollars,
earned by a jolly, good, generous American
man. on an Italian woman who says she
despises this country?" Oh, my dear girl,
I do hope you and every other woman in
this country will say to yourself: . "Not a
dollar shall that woman get from me." It
is an insult, you know, to our brains, for
an actress to say "I despise America."
(By the by, she did not Bay it to me, but
she is quoted by the best, newspapers, as
having said it.)
If her hatred for America is so intense,
she had better extend her dislike to Amer
ican dollars and remain in Italy, where she
will ; probably find greater appreciation,
but where she will certainly make less
money. - Have a bitof courage and tell the
truth. Unless you understand French or
Italian very well, what is the use of pay
ing ?3 or $3 50 to listen to a woman talk in
the tongue unknown to you? Take the
case of Sarah Bernhardt. The papers can
write all they want about her retaining her
good looks.
She does* look better, but— it is because
she is fat. ; She objected always to stays,
and the result is that when she wears a
frock that fits her like a glove, she man
ages to achieve a series.of curves that.may
be feminine and are elderly, but they are
certainly,, not | beautiful.' . We are greatly
given to talking what I 'call the tommy
rot of.the day. 'That is slang, I know, but
some' slang is classical. *' -v; ••■*'
X would be willing to -bet that; three
quarters of the audience who go to. see
Sarah or Duse do not understand one word
either of them says. Mine. Bernhardt
speaks beautiful French, but she speaks
very rapidly, and one has to listen keenly
to get each v ord and the full value of each,
word. I consider her a great actress, but
simply because T Mrs. Millionaire, who be
longs to two or three French classes, and
who likes to make you ■• think she is a fine
linguist, pays her money and goes and
laughs and cries at the proper points, why
should you take your $3 and trot to a mat
inee simply because it is done by her!
Possibly you know the story bee-fuse you
saw Fanny Davenport play it, or else be
cause you have | heard Calve sing it, and
then you talk about the perfect emotion of
Bernhardt or Duse, and how one did not
need to understand the words, their art
and their soulfulness making the story in
telligible. Bosh. Or, perhaps, you ,have
a smattering of the language. In" that case
you weep or laugh when it is desirable,
and you tell your friends how sorry you
feel for them in their ignorance.
This nonsense about the art and the
soul telling the story is another bit of
tommy rot. With a picture it is different.
It tells one episode in a life, not the story
of a lifetime. How in the mischief are you
to know whether the curl on a French
man's forehead means that he is in the
depths of despair, oi* that he is joyful be
cause he is going to run away with his
friend's wife that night? .
When Sarah rustles her * petticoats
you listen to the frou-frou and say,
"She; looks as if her soul were go
ing from her, and escaping to an
other and a better world." Whereas
she shakes it so you may realize that it is
silk. If she raises one arm in the air and
droops her head, you whisper that that
is concealed love! And then if she folds
her arms, you hint at it meaning a mur
derous, passionate love that wouldn't hesi
tate at killing an audience. Go to see
Sarah all you want if you enjoy her —
tunately her repertoire is . composed of
plays that are well known here, inasmuch
as they were presented by Miss Davenport
with a better company, better clothes and
a decidedly better stage-setting than any
French company ever gave, but don't buy
even an admission ticket to see . Duse.
Give her a chance to appreciate what Amer
ica can do when a woman insults it by pro
nouncing her dislike publicly.
Perhaps my opinion in regard to Duse
and her acting is worthless, but I give you
my word, dreadful as it sounds, I should
have had a much better time if I hud
spent that afternoon with "Chimmie Fad
den." and I would have been in a dollar
and a half. lam perfectly willing to ac- <
knowledge her greatness, if it will please ;
anybody, but she is dreadfully tiresome,
and though the critics are given to talking
about her concealed emotion and great
sorrow, she looks to me as if her liver
were not quite right, and I could not but
wonder what early spring medicine would
be adapted to her, and whether, since she
goes in so strongly for realism, it would be
proper to send her a bottle of "Doctor
Dinkey's Drivelling Drink" instead of i
roses. Flowers fade, but the liver and its j
medicines are always with her. Bother! :
let's be truthful and seek in the theater i
what we enjoy and what we understand. \
I want an evening that makes me feel, !
when I get home, as if I had had a good 1
time, and not one where! have to strain
ears and eyes to catch a little of the j
strange language, and grow weary during !
the long waits. There are . plenty people !
who will say, "Bab is stupid, we under- I
stand French." All right; go to the;
French play then whenever you wish to. ]
But I am perfectly certain that not three- j
quarters of the average American au
dience, outside of New Orleans, under
stand what these strange goddesses are
saying. 7/
By the by, the girl of the twentieth cen
tury is tilting her hat down, down, down
over her eyes until it nearly touches her
nose, and looks, well. I must confess, if it
is the right shape hat, that it looks ex- '
tremely coquettish. The new springtime!
hats are coquettish and she of the sum- j
'mertime will be quite as pretty as a pict
ure when she puts them on. lam told by j
people interested in missionary work that j
with one church collection went a book on I
physical culture to the missionary, so that j
to gain a convert, after reading this book, |
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
107-109 POST J3T_f=lD__.-E3T,
1220-1222-1224 3Vl_<a_-F3L2__:a__ , l" JST-El-ES-GT.
— They —
% \\\_f\ * L_>ninp
SL m m_ «L^L I_^ vx W\\ & I \s___f
j___\_ jam. -C9__ -^se^* Jam. J9__ ____.
/ Once to trade with us come often
v I again. Novelties are first seen in
our stores- We do not buy in=
J ferior qualities. We sell the best only
(as cheap as the best can be sold,
] oftentimes cheaper than inferior
/ qualities are sold for elsewhere.
Here are a few real BARGAINS IN
I SPRING NOVELTIES.
{Prices like these showN [/* Market-st. store only\
ißntfi us to be the truest bar- | I CotTlf* for Table Linens and I
»oyu $rain-givers in town. I I *-"vm*_- Towels. There will be I
r_i*_*cc These are all New I^l inpn brisk selling there this 1
Urc_.it Weaves, strictly re- f \ a-»i"*w__ week if prices like these >
Cirifxr\_i liable in every -way. I I rhntirPC * mean anything to econ- I
VJUUU29. Market-st. store only I I WlldllL.eb. omical housekeepers,
for Dress Goods. J \ . J
$2 00 "Full pattern of GRANITE CHEVIOT, Af) c GERMAN TABLE LINEN, pure linen,
•**■*""" spring designs, tans, grays, browns, "** soft-flnished, silver white, 64 inches
Suit. , navys. etc., made of wool and mohair. Yard. wide, newest designs. A grade that
Would be cheap at $3. ' formerly sold at 50c a yard.
Cl 1* Fall pattern of FANCY MOHAIR 7";C DAMASK TABLE NAPKINS, S/ 8
VX..JV SUITING, illuminated effects, large r» size very handsome patterns. Three
Suit. range of new colorings, serviceable, LlOZen. grades have been reduced sy-- in price—
**• *" stylish. A bargain at 94. now 75c, $1 and $1 50 dozen. /,.-.
" ~\ $1 25 - DAMASK TABLE NAPKINS, full .*•'.
-83 50 Full pattern of NOVELTY CHEVRON .* - **. size, rich designs. A good value at fi,
v .'"" SUITING, warranted all wool, new UOZeil. Vir >" special .1 csl '_*5 dozen. Still bet-
Suit. spring colorings, checks, diagonal ter grades $1 75, $2, $2 50 and $3.
■' wales, mixtures. $5 a suit not < too . '■ *-
• ' much for these - 25 c GERMAN DAMASK TOWELS, 20*
■ 40 inches, knotted fringe, colored or
$750 Full patterns of SICILIAN NOVEL. Each, white borders, open worked. Worth
■K*7 "50 lull patterns of SICILIAN NOVEL- nmvT " aEc
v/.vxi ' TIES OR FIUTJRED MOHAIRS IN
Suit. BLACK, wool and mohair only, best
fast black, Jatest weaves and newest / Curtains Portieres and V
designs. Exceptional value at the ( | all "graperies at "both V
price - ■_; \ *-<AK,C stores now. We re- /
Cliff cently opened a large I
{The stocks grow larger \ ) vui tain and handsome depart-/
ine siocKS grow larger \ \e- . . *..„. #„■ .k>. <■■_.. _.. I
1896 . SSK-tt-EBsal Spedals. S, SIF 5 -
DreSS every ew idea in *•*■--■ V V establishment. I
SilkS. ' EsliifH^P I 75C S^vlH H .tc M he L s^u C o?^^
J^Koies 0^ Pair. de.irable^tterns. Instead of Uwi
Silks.
_»« nr>. tv-ttw MtTAnsr -aT>nn » r,t-o x ' . 3"/a yards by 54 inches, were $2, now $1 50.
$ 1 .00 SEW BLACK - BROCADES, opened 4 yards bv 56 Inches, were if 3, now S2. '
"*", last week. 2J inches wide, designs ■
Yard. shown in the West for first time, heavy, __ _- IT ,. a „ .T-.-T nr-T,^, . .^-^ .~.
* rtl "' durable, best dye. Three grades-*!, $2.00 IK , IS V, P T S UI - ,*M , « 100 pairs
$1 15 and Sl 25 a yard. vm „ y^ only, that have been slightly damaged
-.. *■ ' • Pair. ln stamping the ; pattern, . marks can
-'-•-. ,.- -rr—-. ... ... only bo seen on close inspection, 3
75c WARP. PRINT SILKS,. in Dresden, yards long and worth $3 50 a pair.
* *■'-'*. Chine and Persian effects; evening col- "': Only 100 pairs, so come at once.
Yard. r ors - season ' ' highest novelties. Two . J -
grades-75c and *1 yard. A few - 3*^ yards long, perfect- in every way.
• -mim* of the 99 grade "$1 25 still re " '*"- at *2 -**•• $2 75. $3, $3 «>, *4 aS la
main. pair.
' ■- '-,r -■•:-."' v.'. .:.■■'■?.■■■' ''■■■.'-■■■ ' . - ' .-.' /'•'-:.-. 'rp' ' .
the giving of a pair of stays, which had
been general, was no longer in vogue. For
the last four years when a missionary
was shy on souls he presented a pair of
corsets "to a lady from the happy land of
Ma-ha-to-la-ni, after she announced her
willingness to join the sect he repre
sented; she instantly retired to assume
the stays, which she put on over tbe
"altogether," but during the assumption
she required t**/o of the strongest warriors
in camp to pull the strings. I have always
longed for a picture of the simple soul,
yearning for civilization as expressed by
stays, when she paraded the camp with a
warrior on each side of ber, the stays en
circling her, person, a hymn book ;in her
hand and an apoplectic color in her face.
Now. the gentle missionary offers pow
der and rouge. The heathen lady read the
book 0:1 culture, at least some of the mis
sionary family read it to her, and she de
clined'to give her soul for a pair of stays,
remarking, "No take -stays; no able -to
wriggle!"* But she eagerly grasps the
powder and rouge, and looks almost as
does the fashionable girl who contributed
to the collection, and puts her faith in
missionaries and make-ups.
A* woman needs a lot of things besides
those in the . bottles and boxes on her
dressing case. At this present period,
when the openings are to the fore, she is
certain that she neeas a new bonnet.
She always needs a bunch of violets, a
box of sweets, and all the agreeable things
that the. brain of man can invent and the
tongue of man can speak.
She needs information about the Monroe
doctrine; she thinks it has something to
do with baptism by immersion or sprink
ling, and she also needs to know, why,
when messenger service is cheaper than
it used to be, orris powder is just as ex
pensive.
She needs to learn to smile and caress,
and even to kiss, when a tired man doesn't
remember . that dressmakers want tneir
bills settled within a month.
She needs to be a little bit more careful
about the things she says: the tongue is a
divine organ, but the devil often plays
upon it. ■•■'■'•. -. ."3. 7 ■'- '■' ■
She needs to improve her manners, to
lower her voice, to laugh rather than to
giggle, and to learn to speak English un-
S tr, J ■'■■:*••-'.
defiled.
She needs to do so many things, poor
soul, and she wants so many things. But
I think she will get them since she is a
woman, and an American. I tell you that
is something to be proud of, for even
at' the north pole there is a society that
has for its leader- an American woman.
And,- go where you will," she has been
befo re you. Sometimes she is too rapid a
walker— "she arrives too soon. The thing
to learn, after all, is the value of medioc
rity — perhaps you think that has been
achieved by Bab.
Mind Your Eye.
It is strange when but one pair of eye 3
is all a person is allowed on this earth
that so little care is taken of them. There
are all sorts and conditions of prohibitory
rules floating about to no purpose, but
. here are half a score which are insisted on
by a leading oculist :
Don't read in railway trains or in vehicle*
in motion.
Don't read lying down or in a constrained
position. ■
Don't read by firelight, moonlight or twi
light. . --'_.'.'.•'
Don't read by flickering gaslight or candle
light. * p^-yypA
Don't read books printed on thin paper.
Don't read books which have no appreciable
Space between the lines.
Don't read for more than fifty minutes with
out stopping, whether the eyes are tired or not.
Don't hold the reading close to the eyes. .
Don't study at night, but in "the morning
when the eyes are fresh.
Don't select your own glasses at the outset.
It "Wag Something New.
Magistrate (to prisoner): "You are
charged with loitering. What is your
name?"
Prisoner: "Johnny Walkabout."
"What do you do for a living?"
"Runabout." y:V*';
•'Well," said the magistrate, "to give
you a change, your sentence is three
months -on the stirabout." Transferred
accordingly.— Spare Moments. tc.THEY FELL FROM GRACE.
The Crew of a Clipper Ship Misled by a Bogus
Preacher.
There may be found among the older
inhabitants of the City front, if one took
the trouble to look them up, a few of the
more weather-beaten who, if their mem
ories were jogged, would recall the time
when the Yankee clipper 6hip' Vitula ar
rived from New York and anchored abreast
the old Greenwich dock just inside the j
right-of-way line of the old Sacramento
steamers. She will be better remembered
by the old water-fronters as a Christian
ship.
The coming of a religious square-rigger
into San Francisco Bay, flying the stars
and stripes, in, those days, was indeed a
surprise to the wharf loungers, who, up to I
this time, had been accustomed to listen j
to woeful tales of brutality from the lips I
of incoming sailors, many of whom j
pointed to the cuts and scars upon their
heads and faces, and some there were who
called attention to their broken noses as
proof that they were telling the truth. It
mattered little to these rollicking and
happy-go-lucky sons of the sea whether
their smellers had been smashed and their
faces cut in drunken brawls on shore in
other ports, the Yankee skipper. and their
brutal mates were made to shoulder the
blame.
Innocent people, and indeed a good
many of them, believed the wild tales of
these careless sailors, and. all ships that
had the misfortune to fly the American
flag were set down as "floating hells."
Mich, however, was not the fact and nearly
all, if not all, of the statement-- made by
these men were wide of the truth. I know
of my own personal knowledge whereof I
speak. Ignorant louts, not sailors, circu
lated cruel and foul slanders against those
lankee captains and their American
mates.
It is not my purpose here to enter into a
defense— :or they need none— of the fear
less and gallant sailors who officered those
famous clippers; suffice it to say that I
now look back on the years spent on board
those ships as boy and man, before and
abaft the mast, as being the happiest of
my active and exciting life.
The Vitula. then, was one of the early
day California full-rigged clipper ships
and her captain was a Yankee. I'd to the
time that he took command of the Vitula
his reputation was that of a quarterdeck
devil, who kept his officers and himself
very busy ascertaining which was the
hardest, the heads of his sailors or those
of the belaying-pins, and we were told in
New York that we had shipped in a "float
ing hell." But our informants were mis
taken, for to our surprise, instead of belay
ing-pins, he pelted us with quotations
from the Bible, anu on Sundays he prayed
for our salvation.
The captain carried his wife with him.
She was a sweet-faced New England lady,
whose head was covered with a mass. of
auburn hair which hung over her shoul
ders in ringlets, and her singing at the
Sunday services had indeed a charming
effect. 6
Those of us who lived before the mast
were a mixed lot. We were made up of
many nationalities— one Cape Cod Yan
kee, three Irishmen, one Greek, two Eng
lishmen, three Dagoes, eight Dutchmen,
one blue nose from Nova Scotia, six Scan
dinavians, three Portuguese, one Russian
Finn and one Lascar. As sailors, I think,
we ranked, above the average of crews.
Every one among us could take his tricK
at the wheel, haul out a weather earing, fit
a cringle, turn in a deadev-e, clap on a
throat-seizint.-, or strap a snatch block.
At the beginning of the voyage we knew
more about skysail clewlines, royal bunt
lines, topsail reeftackles and flying-jib
downhauls than we did about singing
hymns, but by the time that we sighted I
the Farallon Islands the well-known sea !
shanty,
Shake her. wake her. Oh, wake tbat girl with the
blue dress on.
Was pushed to one side for
I love Jesus, hallelujah;
I love Jesus, yes 1 do.
In common with others we had beard
about California's golden shores and '
THE CLIPPER SHIP VITULA OFF THE FARALLONES, INWARD BOUND.
gilded hillsides. We had great expecta
tions. Most of our good hymn-singers got
it into their heads somehow that many
vacancies in church choirs awaited their
arrival, while others would go to the
mines, get rich there, and then return to
their homes in the first cabin of a steam
ship. But I need not tell the reader that
all were doomed to disappointment. ,
In those days sailors were scarce in San
Francisco. There was plenty of "blood
money" in sight, and the boarding
mas ters and their runners were reaping a
rich harvest.
They were a hard and hardy lot, were j
these men of the water front. They lived j
in their Whitehall boats, and so eager |
were they to get sailors that frequent trips j
were made out as far as the Farailoncs in j
their frail skiffs to intercept and. if pos
sible, board some incoming merchantman,
at times a very hazardous undertaking.
Most of the men who kept sailor board
ing-houses then have since furled their |
sails and silently drifted to the other shore
to tell there of the many devices invented |
for the capture of poor Jack. When the
few that are living read this it will bring
to their minds the arrival of the Vitula,!
and I don't believe any one of them will
object to my placing in cola type the plan j
they successfully put in operation to lure
from these religious surroundings a crew
that for months with scrupulous exact- j
ness attended the weekly prayer meetings j
on her quarterdeck that was holystoned j
and squillgeed for the occasion.
I meet a few of them on the streets now !
and again and it makes me feel old to do j
so, as the incident that I am writing about
happened more than a third of a century
ago. And yet I am glad to meet those
bronzed and fearless men of my young
City front days, for it carries the mind
back to the times when our wharves and
bay were crowded with magnificent ships,
from the peaks of whose monkey gaffs the
starry banner so proudly waved.
Among the few that are still with us
may be mentioned the names of Tommy
Chandler, Charley and Billy McCarthy,
Billy Hart and big John Rogers. Chan
dler has long since retired from the sailor
business. For years he was a shipping
master, and is now a faithful and trusted •
employe in Uncle Sam's internal revenue
department. Charley McCarthy is the
proud skipper at a shipping-office, and is
rolling in wealth. Billy Hart wears broad
cloth, sports diamonds and collects his
rents, while necessity compels big John
Rodgers to stick to his Whitehall boat. He
used to get $75 and $100 apiece for sail
ors ; he now gets $3 or may be $4 for a man.
Big John is a character in his way. He
| is still one of the noted men of the water
, front — huge framed, deep chested and big
j fisted. He is very tall, measuring several !
! inches over six feet. His great big shoul
• ders are as round as those of a bookworm,
; and be wears a shoe that is big enough to
I make a coffin for a six-month-old babe.
He has a face that resembles lager beer
in color and upon his upper lip he sports a
j mustache, the hairs of whicn are a3 stiff
! as the bristles that grow on a pig's back.
John is a good sailor, having served his
apprenticeship in the old school, and I
can imagine his weight coming down on
the topsail halyards when orders were
given to take an extra swing on that rope.
He made many voyages- across the western
ocean in the old-time packet ships and to
the East Indies. When Peter Hopkins
was Sheriff he put John in command of
the County Jail, the inside of which he !
j kept as clean as the deck of a clipper ship,
lt was while looking after the welfare of
i murderers' row that John's seamanship
\ came into play, for he presided in person
| at all the hangings. He rigged the gallows,
: rove the rope, made the hangman's knot
: and adjusted the noose around the cul- j
prit's neck in such a way that when the
trap fell there were no bungling drops for
the sensational newspaper reporter to
write about. He is generosity itself and
is poorer in pocket to-day that he was
when, forty years ago, he landed on Lom
bard-street wharf, for then he received
the few months' wages that were due him
from the ship in which he arrived.
Well, to make a Jong story short, we
passed the Farallones about day break, with
.skysails and st'unsails set alow and aloft
and carrying with us the slashing north
wester that we picked up a few days before,
when suddenly the lookout on the t'gallant
: f'o'ksle reported a small boat right ahead.
: In an instant she was under our lee bow,
and before we had time to throw him a
rope her single occupant had caught on to
our main chains with the hook of his
painter and he had climbed up over the
bulwarks and jumped in on the main
deck. This early morning visitor was none
other than big John Rodgers, referred to
; above. Being a Hercules in size and the
familiar way in which he said, "Come,
1 boys, take a drink," at the same time he
j pulled from the pockets of his monkey
jacket two big. black bottles that were full
of water-front whisky, attracted our atten
tion at once.
The bottles were soon drained. There
j wasn't enough left to wet the bosons lips
; after fighting to get the bottle. The pilot
boat had not yet hove in eight, and mixing
: among us, John said: "Boys, I'm in the
sailor business. I keep a house, come with
me, I'll do the right thing by yes. You
can have a good time ashore and when
you get ready to ship again I'll get you a
ship and give you a good outfit."
"We're all going to leave," spoKe up
some of the sailors, "but none of us are !
going back to sea. We all want something J
to do ashore. You see we are very religious,
and the captain tells us that our services
'11 be in demand ashore."
"Oh, that's all right, boys," said John
without a smile. "I can't get ye's work 1
i ashore as you see I'm in the sailor business, |
I but I know a man as will get ye's all nrst- i
I class jobs ashore. He's a warm friend of ■
mine. Pay no attention to the other run-
I ners that '11 come off by and by. I'll in- ;
j troduce ye's to my friend and then it'll i
1 be all right."
I It was so understood, and as we passed
: in by the fort Charlie and Billy McCarthy
1 hooked on to our forechainsand I heard
' Big John, who by this time had pokgd his
| head over the rail, say in a whisper loud
| enough for those of us who were within
j reach to hear: "This is a Chiistian ship,
j Charley. The boys want jobs ashore;
I some want to sing in St. Mary's Church.
| There are two vacancies there, ain't there?
: There's a Cape Codder here who wants to
j teach Sunday-school, a few Portuguese
j who want to dig gold, a couple of Dutch
j men who want to be porters in a wholesale
house and two or three Irishmen who want
! to become bank tellers. I guess you can
| secure them the places."
I "Of course, if they've got. religion I'll
I have no trouble," answered Charlie. "I'll
go right back, notify Rev. Mr. B— " (a
noted water-front shark, now dead), "and
I I'll bring him off when the sails are furled.
Tell the boys it'll be all right, John."
Sure enough, no sooner were the sails
stowed, the running rigging coiled up and
the decks swept down, than a man climbed
up over the mizzen chains dressed in
preacher garb, including the white neck
tie and tall silk hat, carrying in one hand
a hymn book and ih the other a lot of re
ligious tracts. He took a position beside
the main-deck capstan, removed his hat, j
opened the hymnbook and started to sing:
. Glory, glory, hallelujah.
All the sailors loudly cry!
The words I shall never forget,* for, like I
the rest of us, I took him for a minister,
but :he was not; he was a runner for a !
sailor boarding-house. He induced all. of !
us to go ashore with him, which we did, j
and inside of three days every -mother's son |
of us was sold for one hundred apiece,
'•blood money," and distributed among
the different snips that were lying in the I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
stream awaiting their full complement of
sailors, and as we passed the fort outward
bound, instead of a hymn we could have
been heard, as we mastheaded the main
topsail yard, singing. .
Whisky is the life of man.
Whisky, Johnny.
I will drink it when I can.
Whisky for my Johnny.
Denis Kearney.
ONOE A HLIBUSTEfi.
Ensign Harry Cooke Content to "Let
Others Fight Cuba's Battles.
"No, thank you. Captain Roemer can
help the Cubans to independence if he
likes.to, but I've had enough of that sort
of thing."
The speaker was Henry S. Cooke of Dal
las, Tex. In his trunk at the Laclede Ho
tel he has a faded, well-fingered document,
which reads as follows: -
v?i E^ RE £ HOUSE, BROOKLYN, N. V.,
vZ } . * \ Bb9 '~ Ensign Harry Cooke, Norfolk,
t,V,'.T R: ** re ceived yesterday from the Cuban
Jui-ta a communication, of which the follow
.«?•<_ * Co P>': "Xueva York November 12,
-too».— Edward JliggUs, Commodore Cuban
fax'!/— Tho Cuban Junta, considering the de
tention of the Cuba in Wilmington and the
want of any other man-of-war at present, re
quests you to acquaint the officers under your
command that they are honorably discharged,
: continuing- the verbal communication made to
them at Wilmington by the representative of
• the , Junta - and they will bb happy to utilize
their services in future.' I remain, sir, with the
greatest consideration, Miguel de Aldama,
President." 7 .-.:■.
In accordance with this order you will con
sider yourself honorably discharged from the
Cuban naval service. Very respectfully,
Edward Higgins,
Commodore Cuban Navy.
"It was in' the spring of 1869 that I re
ceived my commission in the Cuban navy,"
said Mr. Cooke when asked to relate some
of his experiences in the last Cuban revolu
tion. I was youug then and wanted ad
venture. I had served four years in the
I Confederate navy, having left the Naval
I Academy at Annapolis when only 15 years
i old to serve my State, Virginia, in the
Civil War. The adventures I had there
ought to have been enough, but I wanted
more. The Cuban Junta, or Congress, was
sitting secretly in New.York City. It didn't
fake much to induce me to help fit out a
man-of-war for the Cuban service. To tell
i the truth, the principal inducement was a
promise of a division of spoils. We expected
to capture a steamer from Cadiz for Ha
vana, carrying a big sum of* money, as
well as arms and provisions. I wouldn't
have taken $20,000 for my part of the spoils
had we been successful. The boat with
which we expected to do all this had done
good service before as a blockade runner
for the Southern Confederacy. It was a
Clyde-built vessel called the North Heath
then. After running the blockade several
times it was finally captured trying to get
into Wilmington. It was then converted
into a United States man-of-war. Private
! parties bought it for us in 1869 at the Gov
| ernment navy-yard at Philadelphia. She
, cleared from that city with a small crew
I for Halifax. In the meantime I was load
j ing a supply of small arms, clothing, pro
' visions and small stores on to two schoon
! ers at New York.. I also got ten rifle
I cannon aboard, seven or eight of them
| being 60-pound Parrot rifle guns.
"We expected to meet our man-of-war,
which we now called the Cuba, off No
Man's Land, six miles from shore, so as
not to .violate the neutrality laws, but a
tough sea prevented a transfer there and
! so we had to break the neutrality laws.
i The cannon, provisions and whole cargo
; of each schooner were loaded on the Cuba
I when the vessels were within a few yards
of the shore. Afterward, when we were
i tried in New York, our sailors all swore
i that the transfer, took place six miles from
; land, when the fact was that 1 could have
j thrown a biscuit ashore. The swearing
got us off, however, though the boat itself
was confiscated."
The capture took place at Wilmington,
where they were trying to get some coal.
Tbe project was a failure. After their re
lease the officers entered the merchant ma
j rine service of the Cubans. The steamer
i George B. Upton was purchased and fitted
j out. Captain Dornin, who had had charge
of the Cuba, was placed in command. Mr.
| Cooke served as second officer. They
j cleared from New York for Aspinwali, and
; took 200 men for the Cuban army with
I them and a big load of arms, ammunition
. and clothing. They landed- all the soldiers
safely one dark night on the north shore
of Cuba. Then they continued to
; Aspinwali and reloaded. Several nights
I were spent in trying to find a
j suitable landing' place on the south
■
| side of Cuba, and they finally had to give
; it up and try the east end of the island
within sight of the lighthouse at Xue
: vistas. Some forty men for the Cuban
army and a big supply of provisions were
t loaded after two attempts. Afterward
they learned that the soldiers had all been
captured by the Spaniards and shot, with
their leader, Colonel Lonio.
One more trip- was made and the boat
was then condemned by the Cuban Junta
at New York and its place taken by the
Virginias, a faster and stancher vessel.
Commander Joseph M.. Fry, an ex-Con
federate officer, was placed in command of
her, and, luckily for Cooke, the latter
stayed at home "this time. ' The Virginius
was captured by a Spanish man-of-war, El
Tornado, and Commander Fry and about
fifty of his crew were tried, convicted and
executed.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
The Sea.
• Is It the sea that gleams in merging breadths
j Of color dark and wet? Or do the powers
i That decorate the corners of the world,
! In some vast crucible dissolve and fuse
Virginal mines of ruby, malachite.
) Jacinth and chrysoprase, to pave the floor
■ Of ocean, rough with wrecks and skeletons?
j Nature Is now about some mystery! -
; But while I watch, ere I can mark the change,
i The. passionate sun flames through the shriveled
cloud,
nd all the crisp and curling water wakes,
. Blue as the naked sky that bathes it.
PA-: :.. John- Davidson.
The board of visitors of the University
of Wisconsin has just investigated a charge
that President Charles K. Adams is "a
born and bred aristocrat,"- and has decided
that the charge is unfounded, on the
ground that the president was born on a
farm and worked his way through school
ana college.
MORGAN OF ALABAMA.
Pen Picture of the Senator Who
Made Coll is P. Huntington
Very Uncomfortable.
A MAN OF VARIED TALENTS.
He Is Said to Know More Than Any
Man at Present in Public
Life.
The Fifty-third Congress was noted for
its many members who enjoyed a twenty
four-hour sort of fame by reason of their
idiosyncrasies, and prominent among
the group was Champ Clark, who is now
writing a series of articles on the promi
nent Congressmen for the St. .Louis Re
public. His latest contribution is on
Senator Morgan, whose recent handling
of Collis P. Huntington before the Com
mittee :on Pacific Railroads is familiar
to Californians. Morgan- is an interest
ing character and Clark is another, so that
the latter's view of the former makes in
teresting reading.
When Senator John T. Morgan of Ala
bama serves the term for which he was re-
SENATOR MORGAN OF ALABAMA.
cently elected, he writes, he will be 77, will
have been in the Senate twenty-four years
and will be living in the dawn of.the
twentieth century. All ln all, it may be
safely asserted that he knows mor6 than
any other man in public life. His scholar
ship may not be as accurate as that of
some others in particular lines, but he ap
pears to know a great deal about every
thing. In this respect be closely
resembles England's "Grand Old Man,"
William Ewart Gladstone. He also much
resembles him in the grace with which he
carries his age. No man, looking at Sen
ator-Morgan's handsome face, massive
head, tall and sinewy frame, noting his
elastic step, or listening to his eloquence,
which flows onward like the resistless cur
rent of a mighty river, would pronounce
him past 60. -
One of my teachers was wont to say:
"Some people have memories like a tar
bucket. Everything that touches, sticks.
Others have memories like a duck's back.
Everything that touches, scoots off."
Most assuredly Senator Morgan's mem
ory is of the tar-bucket variety. Evidently
he has been an- omnivorous reader; and
he is like the Bourbons in one regard, at
least— he forgets nothing.
If Shakespeare's dictum, "Brevity's the
soul of wit," be true, then Senator Morgan
is the least witty of the Conscript Fathers,
always excepting William Vincent Allen,
who broke all records for lone-distance
oratory by speaking fifteen hours at one
stretch ; Matthew Stanley Quay, who con
sumed fourteen entire legislative days on
the Wilson tariff bill, and John P. Jones,
whose masterful discussion of silver makes
a large book. '777/
But these historic performances were
only unusual , episodes in the Senatorial
careers of those eminent publicists. Sen
ator Allen rarely speaks at great length.
Senator Jones is not a frequent or prolix
orator, and Senator Quay hardly ever
speaks at all "in public on* the stage."
Generally he takes it out: in thinking and
scheming. Until .' the speech above re
ferred to, he had been regarded as* the
Sphinx of the Senate.
Senator Morgan always speaks in ex
tenso. On any subject in which he is in
terested he has so much to say that it re
quires a long time to say it. He is never
tedious, however. T In splendor of diction
in wealth of metaphor, in masterful mar
shaling of facts, in abundance of informa
tion, in lofty eloquence, in intrepidity of
spirit, as well as in length of his speeches,
he recalls Edmdnd Burke, who, taken up
one side and down ti*e other, was perhaps
the greatest transatlantic orator that ever
spoke the English tongue. Macaulay la- ■
ments the fact that Burke delivered some
of his grandest orations to empty benches,
and some wag declared that Burkes rising
to speak emptied the House of Commons
as suddenly as a dinner gong would empty
the public room of a crowded hotel. **
On the contrary, the announcement that
Senator Morgan is up at once fills all the
seats and standing room in the Senate
chamber and packs the galleries to suffo
cation, "ypp. ;***• •■-.
It may be said of him, as . Dr. Johnson
said: of Oliver ■, Goldsmith, "he touches
nothing that he does not adorn." Without
extravagance it may be affirmed that he
exhausts any subject that he discusses. It
is. equally true that he has never uttered a
quII sentence in the eighteen years of his
Senatorial career. ;
In the frequency of his speeches he re
sembles, though hardly rivals, that . illus-.
trious orator/Charles James Fox— for that
immortal Whig declared A that T he had
spoken every night except two during his
long parliamentary, career, ana his only
regret was that he neglected to speak then.
Senator Morgan is utterly fearless and
perfectly loyal in his conceptions of duty .
to the people.: These qualities have
brought him into antagonism to the ad
ministration. It was in the long drawn
out debate on the silver question that: he
fixed upon the single gold standard Demo
; crats the ludicrous nickname of "Cuckoos."
'.''■; v.'*:-* ■ .■■■' ■ ■-. *'■ 1;
which is apt to stick to them as long as
"Hunkers" and "Barnburners" stuck. to
the warring factions of * the New York
Democracy in ante-bellum days, or as
"Snappers" and "Anti-Snappers' will ad
here to their descendants of a more recent
period, or as the names "Stalwarts" and
"Featherheadn" clung to the two wings of
the Republican party. In longevity it
may equal the name "Knownothings,"
which has survived for these, many years.
It may be . said in passing that the
amusement the. silver Democrats derived
from Senator Morgan's happy character
ization of his Democratic opponents was
about all they secured in the debate on
the repeal of the purchasing clause of the
Sherman act. "He laughs best who
laughs last," and the gold cohorts had the
last laugh on that occasion, and it was de
cidedly loud and hilarious.
Lord Bacon hath it that "Reading
makes a full man, conversation a ready
man and writing an exact man." The
first, two qualities Senator Morgan poss
esses in a phenomenal degree. Considering
what a busy life he has led, it is incompre
hensible when he found time to learn so
much, or, having learned it, how he man
aged to digest and assimilate it. His ca
pacious head in no way resembles a store
house, into which a vast mass of things
has been thrust indiscriminately, but
rather a well-arranged armory, in which is
found every species of weapon, bright and
shining, in its proper place, ready for in
stant use— or an intricate machine' in
which every wheel, cog and pulley does
with utmost precision its predestined
work; for •"'*"';- '
On every point, In earnest or in jest.
His judgment, his prudence and his wit
Are deemed the very touchstone and the test
Of what is proper, just and fit.
He is an academic scholar and a pro
found lawyer— one of the best in the South.
He had never held any civil office, except
I that of Presidential elector-at-large on the
: Breckinridge and Lane ticket, prior to his
: election to the Senate.
| He not only stands in the front rank of
; those Senators who deliver long speeches
j of a high order of merit and sustained
I force, but he is equally at home in a cut
j and thrust debate. He uses the raider
with as much skill as the broadsword." He
is merciless in repartee, as the following
will show. It is well Known that Senator
David Bennett Hill is by no means choice
of weapons, and is restrained by no sense
! of delicacy from striking an antagonist
J below the belt if opportunity serves. Most
I people of common-sense thorougnlv in
dorse Senator Hill in his tight to so change
the rules of the Senate that limits can be
fixed to debate and the business of the
country transacted. So far he has failed,
but having right on his side will succeed at
last. General Morgan fought Hill's pro
posal with characteristic vigor and de
nounced it as unconstitutional. Hill went
after him in this fashion: "The Senator
from Alabama spoke— yea boasted— of his
lifelong devotion to the constitution of
the United States. It may be so. I sup
posed that for a very brief period my friend
was supporting another constitution, but
I may be mistaken. [Laughter and ap
plause in the gallery.]
"The Senator spoke of the wrongs that
were about to be perpetrated by this body
in the passing of the pending bill. If his
contention about these. rules is correct
then there is no possible danger of any
wrong being perpetrated, because if the
view taken by him is correct there seems
to be no method provided by which we can
reach the result. Therefore", if that is true,
he can, with the utmost safety, repeat the
statement in imitation of another distin
guished Senator from that State that if
we pass the pending bill, in the manner
suggested by me and under a construction
of the rules we must walk over his dead
body. I do not believe it. It is an idle
threat. I have heard of statesmen before
who were going, to: die in the last ditch,
but there are some of them alive now."
Thereupon the galleries roared.
A Mephistophelean smile spread over
the pallid face of the wily David, and he
evidently thought he had struck a blow
from which he would get none in return.
But he was mistaken, for Morgan gave him
a Roland for his Oliver in this savage man
ner, which neither Senator Hill nor some,
other high and mighty personages are
apt to forget soon. After expressing the
highest admiration and kindliest feelings
for Union soldiers, Morgan said : "But, Mr.
President, I do riot have so much respect
for those men who are constantly quoting
that difficulty whenever they have an op
portunity to make a point upon a brother
Senator or body about it, but who did
not have the pluck to shoulder a gun to go
out to fight. My respect does not extend
to that class in the cordial way that it
'does to men like Morrison, Randall, Palm
er and Sickles, and hundreds of others
whose names I might call in the Northern
States who came out and took • their
muskets in their bands and said:
'We will try the question with you
upon the issue of battle.' lam not alarmed
lest one of these gentlemen should quote
upon me my attitude in 1860 to 1865, for an
honest soldier who fought me in the war
never does it; only those who hired sub
stitutes and stayed at home' and pleaded
the baby act, or something of that kind,
for an excuse for patriotic delinquency,
are in the habit • here and elsewhere of
quotine upon me the fact that I belonged
at one time to the secession and rebel gov
ernment of the South. I did belong to it,
and' when a blush of shame comes over my
cheek to condemn me for the part I took
in ; that struggle, I shall still be more
ashamed of the poor, craven creature who
can undertake to impose that as a disgrace
upon me; for if there is a man in the
world who is entitled to any consideration
from the human family it is one like old
John Knox, or John Wesley, or Martin
Luther and ; * men of that kind, who fought
the battles V of Christianity and who
fought : for ; * freedom M' of .-.' conscience
against the , strength '■' of the greatest
combination of political * and civil
and religious power which ever existed in
the world. These are the men .whom. I
revere in history, not - those 7 petty liti
cians whose figures rise suddenly to the
surface like bubbles on a stagnant pool
and: explode and leave nothing behind
them but mephitic odors." , «*, .... , .
Morgan served in the Confederate army
during. the entire war, rising from private
to brigadier-general. :'.':' '.'
In one respe.ct his career as a soldier has
no parallel so far 'as I have been. able to
ascertain, ana for that reason deserves to
be known of all men. He is the only
military officer I ' ever heard of, from
Joshua to Nelson A. Miles, who volun
tarily resigned a generalship to take a
colonelcy. . ;
While others were fussing, fuming, fret
ting, sulking, resigning, or asking to be
relieved about some question of rank, pre
cedence, promotion or seniority of com
mission, he, by reason of his great love for
the men in his old regiment, resigned his
commission as brigadier to command once
more the soldiers with whom he first en
listed. In that action Morgan had no imi
tators.
Search through the land of living men,
Thou canst not find his like again.
RELIGIOUS THOUGHT AND PROGRESS
An Epitome of Sermons of the Week
' Throughout the land.
Following is a summary of the principal
seimons recently delivered in the United
States and Canada by the leading j clergy
men, priests, prelates, religious teachers
and professors of the, Christian faith. In
every instance the full text has been care
fully read and abbreviated :
WILL POWER. . , .___ *; ,
Will power is an uncertain, freakish, thing.
It cannot be depended on. The keeping power
is not in man, but in God.— Rev. W. H. G. Tem
ple, Seattle, Wash.
THE SOCIAL EVIL.
Women can cure the social evil by stamping
upon the forehead of the man the same brand
of infamy with which they condemn his vic
tim.—Rev. C. F. Henry, Universalist, Cleve
land, Ohio, .y-'vy
CATHOLOCISM.
Let us pay tribute of honest respect to the
Catholic church for what it has done of good in
the past, for the good that it is doing now. —
Rev. Br. Gunnison, Universalist, Worcester,
Mass.
A'.A'^A: LABOR. •
The church should regard the rights of the
laborer to be as sacred and binding as those of
the millionaire. The laboring men of to-day.
need justice, uot pity.— Rev. 11. R. Murphy,
Baptist, Lincoln, Neb. '■yAAyp:
LIBERAL CALHOLICS.
The Catholics are becoming more liberal. I
have faith in the honesty -of their professions,
and I believe that they do as much good, per
haps, as any other religious sect.— Rev. T. De
WittTalmage, Washington, D. C. ;.'
WOMAN.
God is not in the hurricane or in the earth
quake, but in the still, small voice. The world
will not be reformed by ironclads and armies,
but by woman.— M. M. Mangasarian, Ethical
Society, New York. .*•* :"*• ,. = -,•"'; *.*■■«
PRESBYTERIANISM. >
These things I find especially to commend in
Presbytcrianism: Its stanch adherence to the
Bible; its great services in behalf of civil and
religious liberty, and its educated ministry in
a permanent t>astorate.— Rev. J. C. Jackson,
Presbyterian, Columbus, Ohio.
"THE QUAKERS.
There is still work for us to do to maintain
the same testimonies as our forefathers did.
Though we may be small in numbers our influ
ence is felt more widely than ever before.—
Isaac 11. Hillborn, Society of Friends, Philadel
phia, Pa.
TRINIIY CHURCH.
The most wealthy church corporation in our
country is the Trinity Episcopal Church of New
York, and the miserable tenement houses from
which it derives much of its revenues are a dis
grace to humanity.— Rev. H. W. Thomas, Inde
pendent, Chicago, 111.
ypL THE RUM POWER.
We are within ten years of the. time when
the Christian and moral forces of the country
will enter a mortal struggle with. the rum
selling element, and it is now time to prepare
for the great battle.— Rev. Dr. Meredith, Con
gregationalism Brooklyn, N. Y.
REFORM.
Any reform which at the present time un
dertakes to strike down the individual s right
to get drunk or to bet or to desecrate the Lord's
j day, as a mere individual, is sure to overreach
the public conscience and so overshoot its own
mark.— Rev. G. R. Noland, Episcopalian, Coy
] ington, Ey. 4
CAPITALISTS.
The accumulating of money is not so much
brain work as it is the use. of money al
ready possessed. Millionaires can make all
those below them pay toll at their will. Capi
talists take everything from the laboring man
except the man himsslf.— Rev. B. F. Mills,
Evangelist, New Haven, Conn.
• WORSHIP AND WORK. '...-. >T*
Worship is important, but worship is only a
means. Worship is in order to work. The
worship that does not lead to work is like a
frost-bitten flower. On the other hand, the
work that is not inspired by worsnip is a fore
gone failure.— Rev. Dr. Vance, Presbyterian,
Nashville, Term.
•' T' '• TTT unitarianism.
|The Unitarians cannot be antedated. There
| are churches that are always seeking a remote
date in history for their origin. No religion
except that of the Jews can antedate Unitarian
ism. It is older than -the Christian religion,
and was established even earlier than the
Bible.— Rev. W. F. Dickerman, Unitarian, New
Haven, Conn. '/■7': ■■*.;
SISTERS OF CHARITY".
It is the mission of our church to send into
the world those angels' of mercy and consola
tion, whose lives are devoted to nourishing
the poor, to attending upon the sick and to
going even into the ravages ot war those
angels of grace and mercy, the Catholic
nuns.— Rev. Father Farrell, Catholic, Cleve
land, Ohio. *" zpyM-z.
OONSCIENCE.
Man draws up the channels of divine
strength and enfeebles his whole moral being
when he does not follow his conscience. For
the divinest thing in a man is his conscience,
and if he has dishonored God in his soul, God
cannot honor him ln his life with power.—
S. B. Meeser, Baptist, Worcester, Mass.
PROCRASTINATION.
Multitudes lose heaven by procrastination.
They are "too busy to be saved." The pleas
ures of the world they prefer to the salvation
of their immortal souls. Sins are chains to pre
vent men from accepting Jesus Christ as a
Savior. We must repent to-day. There is no
to-morrow in the gospel message. Rev. W. G.
Partridge, Bapti«*t, Cincinnati, Ohio.
POWER OF GOD.
What is commonly described as the greatness
of man really consists only in man's discovery
of God's natural powers and their application.
Watts, who first studied steam power, and
Stevenson, who applied the power, Edison and
Morse displayed their inventive greatness in
discovering and applying God's natural powers
rather than by creating- any power of their
own.— Chaplain McCabe, Methodist, Scranton
■Pa. .
PERSECUTION.
Religious persecution of every kind is abhor
rent, and certainly foreign to the spirit of this
age, and the persecution of the Christians by
the Turks is as much condemned by every hu
mane man among us as that of the Jews by the
Christians. Persecution arouses the liveliest
repugnance and calls forth the greatest indig
nation from all true men and women.— Rabbi
David Philipson, Hebrew, Cincinnati, Ohio.
FAITH.
Life is hard: life is a struggle; life is a mys
tery, but life is not so hard but that we can
endure it; life ris not so much a struggle "bat
that we can win; life is not so much a mystery
but that we can' find our way through' it to
the land where all is clear. It depends on our
faith.— Rev. W. P. Merrill, Presbyterian, Chi
cago, 111.
CITIZENSHIP.' *
The day is past when a dead conscience is
the price of party loyalty. They are the be
parly men who stand for the right, and as a
partisan I dare to say that a party does no
merit success which must achieve it at the cos
of degraded manhood. The day has come
when it is good politics to listen to the voice of
righteous citizens. — Rev. S. E. Nicholson,
Kokomo, Ind.
• THE DECALOGUE.
The Decalogue may go out of fashion but
never out of date. It is not local. It applies
to theFuegians and the Bushmen of Australia
equally as -to the Americans and Europeans.
It is : not partial, but all : comprehensive of
man's duties to his neighbors. It makes no
class distinctions. There is One law for the
rich and the. poor, high and low, kings ant
princes.— Rev. William R. Taylor. Rochester,
N. Y.
y y TRUTH.' /./... A
There is a Christian Bible, as there are man
other Bibles of different names, but there is no
such thing as Christian truth, or Jewish truth
or Mohammedan truth. Truth knows no local
name, no .excluding titles. . Whatever is
true under one name is true under any
name. Christ was not Christian. Plato was
not ; Platonic, Buddha was not Buddhistic.
These were universal men. We have robbed
them and betrayed them by narrowing the
to the dimensions of selfish and exclusive sec
tarianism.—Rev. J. E. Roberts, Unitarian Kan
sas City, Mo.
THE NEGRO.
• The negro is a welcome guest at every door j
that leads downward, every door that tends to
degrade him, that tends to rob him of exalted
character, that tends to put him on a low
plane. It is only when he attempts to stand
shoulder to shoulder, on the same plane, seek
! ing the same honors, demanding the same re
spect for which others aspire, that the door la
slammed in . his face.— Rev. R. C. Ransom,
African Methodist, Cleveland, Ohio.
; MANHOOD.
We need a higher type of manhood in pro
fessional life, at the bar and on the bench— a
manhood that will sentence a millionaire as
impartially as a bootblack. We need a higher
type of the press and a higher type in the pul
pit, and. lastly, we need a higher type of
Christianity— not a namby-pamby religion,
but a religion that is good for seven days in
the week and twenty-four hours in the day.—
Rev. C. J. Greenwood, Baptist, Utica, N. T.
.-.':■; MODERN CHRISTIANITY.
We modern Christians aro willing to preach
and pray, but we don't want to associate with
common humanity. The trouble with our
nominal Christianity is that it is too tender to
be touched, too holy to be handled, too nice to
be nudged, too exquisite to be exposed, too
dignified to be desired, too respectable for de
cent people, too cultured for common people,
too shallow for sensible people and too idealis
tic for every-day people.— Rev. J. L. Gordon,
Inaependeut, Boston. Mass.
CHRIST.
Many seem to think that the Gospel is a very
complex system. They look into the churches,
the creeds and the systems and are confused.
They can't understand and harmonize all these
things. After all, at the last analysis, we find
Christ to be the center of a great manufactur
ing plant as the motor of it all, so Christ Is the
source of all this truth and life.— Rev. Dr.
Smiley, Presbyterian, Pueblo, Colo.
HELL.
Hell is not a fierce doctrine to frighten peo
ple in.to heaven; it is a stern necessity, au in
exorable law against which all the waves
of unbelief beat in vain. The old-fashioned
theology, with its literal fire and brim
stone and bottomless pit, have passed
away. I call that state hell which Is bare '
of all the glories of the redeemed life,
whether of this world or the next. I call that
hell which is devoid of all longing or higher
things, of all hunger and thirst after right
eousness, of all interest in Jesus Christ, of all
love of God. When a man Is in that state he
is in hell.— Claude Raboteau, Baptist.
Jersey City, N.J. .
SENSATIONAL SERMONS.
One objection intelligent men urge against
the church is Its own lack of faith. This,
they v tell us, is seen . in the conversion of the
pulpit into an arena for the harlequin and
the substitution for Scriptural preaching
of tho quips and jests of the concert
hall. Such alleged preaching is like the
foam cast up by the sea. It feeds no man; it
quenches no man's thirst. But it does place
the cnurch under the ban of intelligence and
brings the ministry into disrepute. Irreverent
sensationalism, perhaps, more than all other
causes combing,-. is responsible for the weak
ened, hold of A church upon the respect of
men of sense and sensibility.— Rev. S. G. Nel
son, Baptist, Brooklyn, N. Y.
A Town of Celebrities.
Ex-Governor Perbam, one of Maine's
best preserved and happiest "ex's," enjoys
telling a story of a stranger's visit to a
little Maine hill town of fragrant mem
ories, where one of the natives took pleas
ure in politely pointing out the local
objects of interest.. "There," said the
villager, pointing to a handsome old-style
house, "lived a former member of Con
gress; youaer on that street you see that
big square house, where one of Maine's
most distinguished sons was born, who
was successively member of the Legisla
ture, House of Representatives in Con
gress, United States Senator for a genera
tion and Vice-President; right down there
is the modest printing-office where one of
our boys used to work, whence he
graduated to become a leading political ed
itor, and afterward Postmaster-General."
As the promenade continued around
the village . the native called the atten
tion of the visitor to other old residences.
"There," said he, "is the former home of
another member of Congress, Governor of
the State, etc., and over across there is
where another M. C. once resided. Right
down the street there is the old home of
Judge C , and over there is where Judge
E used to live years ago. We've got a
good lot of pretty famous lawyers, editors
and colonels besides, that I haven't men
tioned," remarked the escort. By this
time the stranger was beginning to get de
cidedly interested, and burst forth with
the enthusiastic inquiry: "But. good
heavens! haven't you ever had any com
mon people in your town?"— Lewiston
Journal.
.__... NEW TO-DAT.
There's one thing certain— thnt your •
Big Store reached it's fourth birthday
Saturday, and from the number of tele- '
grams and letters from all over the State
of congratulations and the sayings of
pretty things from our newspapers in
San Francisco, both morning and even-
ing, were enough to make our hearts
swell with pride. But we're not throw-
ing bouquets at ourselves, but keep our
course in the right direction— that ot
giving you the very best of service and
the very highest character of goods at
prices that no other house can or will
offer.
Monday some Very Choice Short
Trouser Suits for your boys in those
fine blue and black serge cheviots, in-
cluding some very handsome styles in
Scotches, all new spring styles, for lads
between the ages of 5 and 15. The
goods are cleverly tailored, and double
the money is nearer the actual price.
Monday at
-$2.50-
-. RAPHAEL'S
INCORPORATED).
" THE FRISCO BOYS, •
9; iii 13, 15 Kearny. Street
TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS.
1920
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor. y
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Free:
J**"? and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
■pally end Sunday i'..s.x„ one year, by ma 11. : .. 6.00
Pally and Sunday Cam , six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Cam,, three months by mall 1.60
Pally and Sunday Cam., one month, by mall.. .65
_*u__«y Call, one year, by mall 1.50
I*CB___LT Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE t
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS: '" , 7
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
SSO Montgomery street, corner Clay: open nntll
J:SO o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:SO o'clock.
713 Parkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
sW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
BBtfl 9 o'clock. :
2518 Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICBI
Booms 31 and 32, 84 Park Row, New Torfc City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SUNDAY KKBIII'ARV S3, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The street-sprinkling problem is begin
ning to look dusty.
Civilization in this country can do al
most everything except clean a street.
Huntington forgot much during the
week, but he will remember the rest to-day.
It would be a good idea for Mrs. Grundy
to - abstain from the Brown trial during
Lent.
The only things that are going along
Ftea_ily in Congress are talk, time and sal
aries.
The celebrations of yesterday were good,
but we should make them more general
next time.
Some scientist had better turn Roent
gen's ray on itself and find out all there is
in it at once.
There is a growing suspicion that the
rain is waiting for the festivals to begin
before it drops in.
Huntington, Fitzsimmons and Kaiser
William will have to fight it out to decide
whicn owns the earth.
In the glory of the celebrations let us
hope that no one overlooked the memory
of George Washington.
Music hath charms to soothe the savage
breast, but the gentle sex rages over it
when Paderewski is around.
■ Politics are lively and war is threaten
ing, but somehow science manages to fur
nish all the sensational news.
"Sow as for those kinetoscope fellows who
went to El Paso to get the Fitzsimmons
and Maher fight— what do they think?
The bicycle clubs are making a good
fight for better streets, but who is going
to make the fight to have them kept clean?
Through the general boasting over our
delightful weather there can be heard the
low murmur of the farmers praying for
rain. wSk\
We are going to have a strictly protec
tive tariff campaign this year and free
trade won't be in it at any time from start
to finish. •
So long as our thoroughfares remain in
the present condition no one in San Fran
cisco can be accused of trampling on im
provements.
It is easier for the average American to
seize two opportunities in spite of fate
than to take one holiday even when it is
offered to him. S_m_3
When Paderewski was in the East we
made fun* of the enthusiasm over his play
ing, but now that he is with us we have
learned something.
The British have at last made up their
minds that they would rather take the
Monroe doctrine as a pill than to get it in
the form of powder.
If Nansen expects to be as big a man as
Roentgen when he gets back he must not
only find the north pole, but the
"Sj-mmes hole" as well.
Between the Board of Health and Board
of Education there is a prospect of a war
that will be neither healthy for the one
nor instructive for the other.
; It is now charged that the Buekleyites
intend not only to ruin '. the City but to
spoil the Iroquois banquet, and thus does
iniquity increase at a fearful rate.
Washington's farewell address warning
the people against party spirit comes ap
propriately at the beginning of Lent, and
of course society will give up parties.
Last week brought us many good things,
but none better than the decision of Judge
Wallace sustaining the poolroom ordi
nance. The City is becoming purified.
The French Senate has decided to leave
the dispute with the Chamber of Deputies
to the arbitration of the people, and our
Senate might profitably follow the ex
ample.
It seems to have been with the Roentgen
ray as with so many other great discover
ies. Lots of people saw it before the man
who got the credit of it, but they didn't
know it.
The Merchants' Association certainly
cannot be expected to pay the cost of
street - sprinkling forever. They have
shown how it should be done, and now
the City should do it.
From the way the street railways are
working it would seem that' when Mana
ger Vining is not enforcing some old way
of annoying the people he is planning
some new way to do it.
The feature of the season most surpris
ing to, the reformers of last season is the
fact that reform movements are progress
ing steadily without having any mass
meetings to whoop them up.
If Ballington Booth, commander of. the
Salvation Army in America, declares his
independence of British control he will
have not only good models to follow but
plenty of good men to follow him. ,
In asserting that Mr. Huntington has
been accused of everything under the sun
the railroad organs are in- error. He has
been charged ouly with robbing Peter and
was never accused of paying Paul.
WASHINGTON'S INFLUENCE.
Nearly the whole of what the life and
influence of Washington mean to this
country is summed up in his farewell
address. That noble and memorable docu
ment contains an epitome of all the lessons
which his patriotic virtue and • political
sagacity deemed it important to impress
upon his fellow-citizens. Those lessons
were many, but all of them tended to
three things: the inculcation of National
patriotism to the exclusion of sectional
divisions, the faithful observance of the
public welfare in opposition to excessive
party spirit, and the maintenance of an
absolute independence by this country free
and untrammeled by any alliance or en
tangling treaties with the nations of
Europe. "T^"*^- • y/Apy- " l "'7 ■
These things, which in his farewell ad
dress Washington taught by precept, he
had during- the whole of /his public life
illustrated by example. He was in the
broadest sense a National patriot. No
local favoritism or sectional prejudice
I marred the perfect splendor of that devo
tion which he gave to the whole of the
great Republic whose -independence he
had gained and whose government he
founded. Equally free was he from any
trace of an excessive zeal for party. Be
tween Federalists and Anti-Federalists he
i stood impartial and made use of the
leaders of both to serve the interests of the
country. Nor was he less partial in deal
ing with European nations, and showed
toward England, who had assailed us, a
justice as fair as that extended to France,
who had been our ally. T •'•■
Nationalism, Patriotism, Independence.
These three words when extended to their
fullest meaning express the substance of
all which the founder of the Republic
stood for. Perhaps all of them might be
concentered in the single word American
ism, and he himself might be fairly called
the first and greatest of Americans. When
we honor him these are the things to
which we consecrate ourselves. We derive
through the influence of his example and
the inspiration of his words a fuller sense
of the duties involved in citizenship, and
.a higher idea of what the American ought
to be in bis relations to his country, to his
party and to the world.
It is most fitting that we should show
the highest veneration for this man, who,
in his historical character, is the greatest,
purest and noblest the world has known.
There may have been defects in his private
life, and doubtless were, but these concern
us not. It suffices that in his public career
theie is not a stain or even a suspicion to
mar the vestal purity oj Jiis patriotism.
He stands alone among ttie great ones of
history, a warrior and statesman com
bined, and both made perfect as earth's
noblest man. We honor ourselves more
over in honoring him, for surely none but
a great people could have produced so
great a man, and none but a worthy people
could maintain the Republic which he
founded in virtue.
LAYING THE DUST.
It is unfortunate that a controversy has
arisen over the street-sprinkling problem
between the downtown merchants on one
hand and the Board of Supervisors and
merchants in outlying sections on the
other. These facts are evident: During
the summer months sprinkling is greatly
needed, as the dust is not only disagree
able to everybody but works serious dam
age to merchants' stocks of all kinds. Of
the $75,000 representing the half-year ap
propriation for cleaning and sprinkling
streets there remains $17,000, which the
Merchants' Association claims should be
expended for sprinkling. As the mer
chants are tired of bearing unevenly a
burden for which provision was made in
the general levy (for many merchants who
receive tne benefit refuse to share the ex
pense), the association is demanding that
the Board of Supervisors take action.
There is no principle better -established
than that of local improvements made by
general taxation. The idea is so. primary
and its practice so essential that to discuss
it would offend the intelligence of well
informed persons. Its basis is the promo
tion of the common welfare. The busi
ness centers of all cities that are properly
governed receive special attention for
various reasons, among them being these:
business men are the receivers and dis
burses of a community; their places of
business and consequently the fronting
streets are public thoroughfares, enjoyed
in common by all the people and neces
sary to their comfort and convenience.
From every reasonable improvement made
in these districts all the people derive a
benefit.
The extent to which the people of a city
are united for the common good may be
measured by their understanding of these
simple facts. Unhappily for San Fran
cisco, it often seems to be composed of
distinct communities having separate and
antagonistic aims. That accounts in a
large measure for the political evils that
afflict us. The resident who has not
learned the necessity for making some
sacrifice for the public good needs to mas
ter his first lesson in civic-responsibility.
It is true that the necessity for sprinkling
the main streets of the City would be
greatly reduced or entirely abolished if
proper pavements were laid, but until that
is done San Francisco cannot afford to ex
hibit a less business-like sense than those
cities which sprinkle the streets of busi
ness centers. -"-. -
AN IMPOUNDING SCHEME.
California's representatives at Wash
ington, official and unofficial, are reported
as having revived the old iaea of leading
the debris-carrying water from the hy
draulic mines into the American River
basin and there impounding it in a great
shallow reservoir/where it may deposit its
detritus, and thus leave the river ' free.
Tirey L. Ford, attorney for tne California
Miners' Association, thinks the idea an
excellent one, but believes that the whole
matter of impounding debris should be
left to the Government engineers. For the
purpose of securing a sufficiently large
body of land it is proposed to condemn it.
Some of the leading members of the Anti-
Debris Association are said to be in favor
of the scheme.
The idea has advantages and disad
vantages, though the former greatly out
weigh the latter. The water used for
hydraulic mining and carried to the set
tling basin could be diverted temporarily
from the river, into which it would' go in
the absence of any hydraulic mining, but,
after settling, could bo returned to the
stream. That temporary diversion is
about the only drawback. The advantages
would be manifold. As -the water im
pounded in the basin would be undis
turbed, except at the point where it re
ceives its supply-, the debris, even the
lightest, would settle quickly, and the
water would then be available "; for irriga
tion. The process of settlement would
constantly raise the floor of the basin and
require a corresponding increase in the
height of the dam, but this would serve to
widen the area • over which the clarified
water might be spread for irrigation pur
poses. Other uses, including the genera
tion of electrical power, would offer them
selves, and by all these means a revenue
could be derived which would more than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
cover the expense of maintaining the
pound.
The subject is very comprehensive. As
a ■ rule the debris contains valuable ele
ments of fertility, for it is largely alluvial.
When first exposed it is infertile, but after
a few years, when the sunshine and air
have had time to produce their chemical
changes, the ground becomes fertile.
Hence it is conceivable j that ground need
not in all cases be bought for basin pur
poses, but that it may be leased for a term
of years, covered with debris to an agreed
depth and then - returned to ' the owner
better land than it was before.. Thus the
impounding basin could be moved steadily
down the valley and finally be made to
reclaim the vast tule swamps heading at
Ban Pablo Bay.
Wherever the ground is raised by this
process the danger of overflows from con
tiguous streams would disappear. In other
words, if the great amount of money that
has been expended in constructing river
levees had been used in erecting dams for
impounding debris-carrying water, hy
draulic mining need never have been sus
pended, the rivers would not have over
flowed, and the incredible loss that has
been sustained by pursuing the present
method would never have been incurred.
THE DEAD HUMORIST.
Edgar Wilson Nye, his body racked
these many years with pains, died yester
day. The wonder is less that he had
borne his ills so long than that almost to
the very last he performed labors that
would have appalled an ordinary man in
health. When the whole story of his
life is told it will likely be found that the
clear head ana cheery voice of a woman
not only led him forth into the world from
his obscurity as an idle, good-natured
village humorist, but sustained him in the
habit of industry that transformed him
into an untiring laborer with his pen, and
one of the most famous men of the
century. Without such a wife as the one
who blessed his life Bill Nye might never
have lived to see his fame leap the
boundaries of Wyoming.
His humor was distinctively Western,
and, unlike that of Mark Twain, another
product of the West, never lost its original
character. It was as different from that
of which the "Bigelow Papers" is typical
as is the hard, shrewd, narrow life of the
New Englander from the broad, full swing
of .the frontiersman's existence. The
question of literature cannot be consid
ered in connection with Nye's work. It
professedly and intentionally lay upon the
lower levels of English composition. Not
having had its birth in a conception of
literature it cannot live as such; and as
fine art is essential to permanency Nye's
name as a writer must die with him.
This reflection, however, in no sense
dims memories of the radiance which
he disseminated while he lived. His
humor, through broad and extravagant,
was hearty, ebullient and wholesome.
Indeed, it was much more than simple
buffoonery a strain of sharp satire ran
through it all. A final analysis of his work
will likely show that he was more a wit
and satirist than a humorist. The gentle
ness and sweetness of his nature in nowise
obscured the wisdom that lay in the high
dome of his hairless skull, but they served
to temper and veil his shrewd insight into
the follies and foibles of men. In laugh
ing at the weakness of others he made
them laugh with him and experience de
light to discover that they were so ridic
ulous and amusing.
He must have had rare gifts to remain
interesting to the last. • If he was not so
popular of late as formerly, it was less be
cause his store was becoming exhausted
than that the narrowness of his field made
his work too familiar. Like all other
humorists he sighed for an opportunity to
write seriously, just as great comedians long
for the pomp and struttings of tragedy.
But that opportunity never came, and
doubtless he died with lofty hopes and ambi
tions unrealized. . There is notanother liv
ing with an approach to the odd quality
upon which his fame was founded. No
country of Europe has conditions which
could give the world so strange a product,
and in this country those which made him
possible are rapidly passing away..
TWO. STATES COMPAEED.
W. S. Melick, editor of the Lancaster
(Cal.) Gazette, has published in his paper
a long and exhaustive study of Florida,
based on a thorough personal knowledge
of his subject. Apart from his recitation
of the familiar fact that most of the orange
trees of that State were killed by frost
eleven years ago, and that this leading in
dustry of the State suffered a permanent
check, he furnishes some' valuable data
upon which we may make a comparison
between Florida and California. '.v
He shows that during two months In
winter the climate of Florida is as pleas
ant as that of Southern California, and
that because.of this and of the easy access
ibility of the State to the people of the
Northern States it has become and will
continue to be a favorite winter resort for
persons of means.. But he firmly declares
that as a State for home-makers and
bread-winners it cannot compare with
California. That assertion will go un
questioned. The winter ' climate Is Flo
rida's great attraction. In California
climate is only one of the many attrac
tions. Mr. Melick ably contrasts the topo
graphical differences between the two
States and points out briefly the superi
ority of California on the score of the
splendid mountains. • '.- iy
He further speaks of the luxuriant semi
tropical vegetation . of Florida. That in
deed is an exceedingly beautiful feature of
the State, and as it has proved so delusive
it is well for Thk Call to analyze it.
Nothing could be more inviting than
groves of palms ana cocoanut trees, the
rich autumnal coloring of abundant foli
age or the cool summer shade of level
forests. The broad plains of California,
verdureless and brown, cannot compare
in beauty with these arboreal glories of
Florida. As the winter's temperature of
the two States is very much alike (Flo
rida being somewhat colder, as is wit
nessed by the freezing of its orange trees
fifty years old and a foot in diameter) we
must look for an explanation of this re
markable difference in natural vegetation,
for within that question iies the whole
story of California's superiority.
It is largely a matter of rainfall. Where
we have inches.of rain in California Ho
nda has feet. -As the face of Florida is
low, level and sandy, most of the heavy
precipitation is retained. It is this that
supports the luxuriant vegetation. But
with an excess of vegetation and with ill
drained land 'under hot summers and
bland winters there roust inevitably be a
great deal of malaria, to say nothing of
annoying insect pests. "7 -7 7.
The most wonderful thing about Cali
fornia is the fact that although it
has a semi-tropical temperature it has
not a semi-tropical rainfall. As a con
sequence there is hardly any natural
tree-growth in the great valleys, and hence
no swamps, insects or malaria. -.If* is-*, a
curious fact that although it has extensive
marshes they are swept by tidewater, and
hence cannot be breeders of disease. Still
more wonderful than this is the fact
not only that by means of artificial irriga
tion any vegetable product; which- flour
ishes in Florida will grow equally well in
California but tbat an inexhaustible sup
ply of water for that purpose is stored by
nature in lofty mountains standing im
mediately contiguous to every arable sec
tion oi the State. Thus we can enjoy all
the benefits of water without any of its
disadvantages, and can produce serai
tropical verdure where it is wanted and of
the exact kind desired.
The only drawback that California has
for winter dwellers is its distance from the
crowded centers of the country's "popular
tion, but it is an instructive fact that
many of those who come for health or
comfort remain to make their homes.
NEWSPAPER ILLUSTRATION.
While newspaper illustration in America
has been subjected to a good deal of caustic
criticism the success achieved has been
sufficiently notable to induce the British to'
imitate the example. It is not merely that
new papers have been started in London
to supply the popular demand for pictorial
news, but some of the oldest and most con
servative journals of the city have begun
to make illustrations a conspicuous feature
of their work. The Times, it is true, has
shown no signs of adopting the new aid to
reporting, but the News and the Chronicle
have frankly accepted it, and there can be
little doubt that within a few years pictures
will be almost as common in the journals
of England as in those of this country.
It is not without gocd reason that the
London papers have begun to imitate our
example in this respect. * Newspaper illus
tration has become a part of modern re
porting because it does much more effec
tively than the pen a considerable part of
the work of making known the news of the
daj\ It conveys to the mind at a glance
what could not be made so clear to the
average person by a half column of woras.
This is a great saving in the time of busy
people and does much to make the big
newspapers of to-day acceptable to men
and- women whose occupations compel
them to hurry through the news as rapidly
as possible and without any unnecessary
loss of time.
Moreover, this form of illustration,
which began as a mere accessory to re
porting and consisted of a few hastily
sketched lines without shading or per
spective, has . rapidly developed to a point
where it may be fairly called a fine art.
The cheaper quality of the paper neces
sarily used by widely circulated journals
does not permit illustrations to be brought
out as clearly as on the finer paper used in
magazines of the first rank, but in other'
respects the pictures of the daily press are
hardly inferior to those of the most re
nowned monthlies. In The Call, for ex
ample, we have repeatedly published
illustrations of the picturesof the leading
artists of California, and on some of these
we might safely challenge comparison
with the pictures of any periodical that is
not distinctly an art publication.
The most notable development in news
paper illustration of late has been in the
direction of cartoon; work. Some of this
has been in the form of caricature, but
most of it has been designed simply to tell
a story clearly, without any attempt at
distortion of either the face or the figure of
the persons portrayed. So successful has
been this work in the daily papers that the
weeklies published especially for cartoon
ins have almost lost their prestige. There
are no better cartoons published anywhere
at this time than those which appear in
the newspapers of San Francisco. In con
ception, in composition, in excellence of
drawing and in the force and distinctness
of their meaning they rank even with
similar productions of the artists in the
greatest cities of the world. The success
achieved in this direction encourages the
most sanguine hopes for the art work of
the city generally. What the popular
taste has . demanded our artists have
given, and 'when the popular demand is
for the higher, finer and more enduring
forms of art that also will be given with
an equal excellence.
BILL NYE.
That humor— flowing from a native fount,
A ceaseless spring so long as beat the brain
In that bald skull— him who sipped thereof
Was tonic to his being, Inasmuch //Py'Py
As it provoked a healthful mirth that drove
Away the darksome clouds Of carking care.
And they who sipped that rare intoxicant
The wine of wit and humor— they shall mourn
One mirthful revel's close. Aye, nevermore
Shall flow that spirit— The cask Is dry. i
The skull of lar^e dimensions is no more;
The royal house of wit that bore no 111 zAyPP.- .
Is vacant ana we mourn— the king is dead.
The king is dead and hath not left an heir
To wield the scepter of his modest sway. .
.;..-,.,:/' Chablkb D. South.
San Francisco, Feb. 22, 1896.
THE ARCHANGEL GABRIEL.
The conventional Idea of the Archangel Ga
briel on the morning of the Resurrection has
been abandoned by tho Hartford sculptor, Carl
Conrad, in designing the figure for the monu
ment that is to be erected at Troy, N. V., In
memory of George H. Thacher of that city.
The design of Mr. Conrad which has been ac-
New Figure of Archangel Gabriel.
cepted and the model sent to Rome to be cut
In Italian marble, represents the Archangel in
a. sitting posture, with face upturned awaiting
the Divine behest to sumihon the dead from
their last sleep. The expression of the face is
one of intense expectancy, befitting. the event
in which the celestial being Is to becomea par
ticipant, ! The conception is new and has been
fronted out in detail with great care. '
Mr. Conrad is the sculptor who designed the
sarcophagus that has recently .been completed
in memory of Samuel J. Tilden. .. His work is
widely known throughout the country. Mr.
Conrad is a native of Germany, but served in a
New York regiment during the Civil War. At
the conclusion of hostilities he completed his
education as a sculptor abroad. :..
Don't Forget to Saw Wood.
Albuquerque Citizen. ' ,T
The way the voters of the country have been
rushing from one extreme to the other 'during
the last four or five years makes it prudent for
every man in politics to keep right on sawing
wood. A great big majority one year doesn't
mean any sure thing the next year. .
AROUND THE CORRIDOR?.
Among the picturesque figures at the Grand
Hotel Js Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo
County. Mr/ Ballon came here in the early
fall of 1805 from New York just after the close
of the war, in which he had served.
It was the time of the bonanza excitement
on the Comstock, and Mr. Ballou concluded to
go up to Virginia City. He went and remained
a year, mining on the Comstock lode. He
made some money, but no great stake. Tiring
at length of delving in the mines, he returned
to California and went to San Luis Obispo
County. [*;■'; ■.-_• A '...A. : ".fi ,■*-<-,/
He engaged jin farming and ; stockraislng
there, and was quite contented till the boom
at Tombstone, Tucson and various other places
in Arizona and Mexico broke out. This was In
1879. He speedily got a prospecting outfit and
went south. He visited most of the big min
ing districts and made several locations.
In 1881 he returned to San Luis Obispo
County and engaged in , farming and the live
stock business. Ayy- P,y.i34'q /Pi,
Mr. Ballou had shown pluck during some
trying experiences in his variea career. He
Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo County, Who Is Fighting Cattle-Thieves.
[Sketched by a "Call artist."]
' ■ * l '■*■■•■-.■-.■ y .' ■ • . ■ /■
.
: was deemed a good man for Sheriff, and a little
! over a year ago was elected. Since then ho
has been making it very for a- big gang of
cattle-thieves In San Luis.
There are fogs along the coast, and these,
with the rains, cause the grass to grow lux
uriantly. It is a desirable place for cattlemen.
In the mountains also there are large bands of
cattle. It is there that the thieves took up
their position a dozen or more years ago, and
since then they have stolen thousands on thou
sands of dollars' worth of cattle. Mr. Ballou
concluded to clean them out. He has arrested
eight or ten of them, and conviction has re
sulted in almost every case. Other thieves in
the mouutalns, alarmed at the fate of confed
erates, have fled. It is probable the thieves
will trouble the farmers but little hereafter.
"There are now nearly 20,000 people In San 1
Luis Obispo County," said Sheriff Ballou, "of
whom about 4000 are in the town of San Luis
Obispo, 1 think business is brightening there.
The banks are lending money cheaper than
formerly, and things are opening out again.
There are four banks and several large whole
saling houses. The latter do quite a business
with interior towns. ' ; //7':7Ap,}7;/p7''
"The coast line of the Southern Pacific will,
I think, be finished to San Luis Obispo by
spring.- There are about fifty miles of it yet
to build. Meantime a line of stages has been
put On." -' ; '"-.rV-^yi.. ;>. r -.. -;..-
The Sheriff has been at Folsom. He will
leave for home probably to-day. \
PERSONAL.
E. E. Briggs, the banker of Stockton, is ln the
City. '7-PpT- \
Ex-Mayor B. U. Steinman of Sacramento is in
town. -fp-^giip
trudge S. Solon Hall of Sacramento Is at the
Grand. »
D. L. Morrison of St. Louis is at the Cosmo
politan.
Joseph D. Radford, a wealthy resident of
Montana, is in town.
B. It. Kittredge, a wealthy business man of
New York, is at the Palace.
W. J. Powley, the hotel man of Los Banos, is
a guest at the Cosmopolitan. TT'
D. M. Griffith, a commercial traveler from
Boston, is at the Cosmopolitan. "7//
A.N. Fitch, an attorney of Tacoma, Is among
the recent arrivals at the Palace. '
E. W. Waldron, one of the owners of the
Santa Cruz Sentinel, is at the Grand. .. ;;.£ *■*«. -■
E. C. Keppler and ' J. C. Utter of San Diego
arrived here yesterday. They are at the Grand.
Robert P. Pennell, Superintendent of the
State Normal School at Chico, is at. the Grand.
A. B. Jones, the general goods dealer and
banker of Fort Jones, Siskiyou County, is in
town.
A party consisting of James Davidson and
wife, J. Ophshet and wife and Miss Fisher, all
of Michigan, are at the Occidental. i
11. C. Gelsler of Reading, Pa., one fcf Pennsyl
vania's wealthier foundrymen, is a guest at the
Cosmopolitan, accompanied by his wife and
family. * - - \ " \ .
G. W. Carson of Eureka, Humboldt County,
who is extensively interested in the redwood
lumber industry, owning large acres of timber
land and mills, is in the city.
Mayor Elmore of Green Bay, Wis., the town
in the northern part of the Badger State with
about 15,000 inhabitants, is at the Occidental.
He is accompanied by his family.
Joseph H. Coates of Philadelphia, the million
aire who a few years ago was a very extensive
manufacturer of thread and who yet is en
gaged in it to a considerable extent, as well as
in the exportation of cotton, has arrived here.
He will probly stay in the State several weeks.
The Call is to be represented ' In New York
as well as its competitors, and Bob | Davis, ac
companied by F. A. Nankiyell, goes to the me
tropolis in its cause. He is to interview the
National celebrities, while F. A. N. will make
pictures of them; and together they should get
up some attractive matter. Davis' best work
has been done, under the head of "Corridor
Stories" for The Call. . These yarns have be
come quite a feature of ■ the * mother tof the
dailies and have been copied all over the East.
The supply is by no means exhausted, and it
may be said that Bob is an interviewer of such
resource and imagination that neither fact
nor fiction holds terror for his pen.— The Wit
ness in yesterday's Wave. ,
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Willie— l know sister would be glad to go
skating with you.
Ringway— makes you think so?
"She says she j has been dying all winter to
have you break the ice."— Life.
"That man," said the cannibal warrior, "had
the most argumentative nature I ever encoun
tered." . T. 7' ...77 "7
"Do you mean the one that you just ate?" .
"Yes. We had a dispute on certain points of
ethics, and the result ' was that I had him for
dinner." . . ■-;"■.
' ; "Well, that gave you the best of the contro
versy." *;- .* ' ■ .
"Yes. But he never gives in. He doesn't
agree with me yet."— Washington Star.
"Papa," said Bobbie, pointing to the iron dog
that stood on the lawn, "does dogs like that
ever bite?" p .
"No," said the father, "but that one barked
once."
"Really?" cried Bobble. *
"Yes," said his father, "I stumbled over him
one night and he barked my shins."— Harper's
Bazar. ■' T'T"T
Reuben Jay — That there's a funny sign,
Maudy : "Boots blacked inside."
- Mandy— do you see about lt that's
funny? 7AA . A.yT T '77 fp'Ayi
Reuben Jay — Ef they black 'em inside,
wouldn't you think the blackin' would rub off
on their socks?— Philadelphia Item.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
! Rev. J. A.. . Bull of Beloit, Kans., preached
300 sermons last year, and a local paper says
they were ail pood ones, too.
Lord Rosebery is reported to have said that
it took him fifteen hours a day to get through
his work as Foreign Secretary. . ' '••■■'7 f '-■*>
John Burns, the English labor leader and so
cialist, recently coined this epigram anent the
Venezuelan dispute: "If England la wrong,
fighting won't make it any better; if England
is right, arbitration will not make it any
worse."
Portugal will celebrate next year the four
hundredth anniversary of Vasco da Gama's
setting out on his voyage round the Cape of
Good Hope to India. .
There has been only one royal clockmaker,
Louis XVI. The Rothschild family have in
their possession a clock made by him, for
which $165,000 was paid.
A statistician computes that Queen Victoria
is now sovereign over one continent, 100
peninsulas, 500 promontories, 1000 lakes.
2000 rivers and 10,000 islands.
At a forthcoming wedding in Portland, Me.,
the groom will promise to love, honor and
obey his wife, who 13 a woman suffragist and
made her affianced agree to this.
Speaker Reed of the House; Senator Frye,
chairman pro tern. of the Senate, and Chief
Justice Fuller are all graduates of Bowdoin;
Thus Bowdoin holds the gavel over three
bodies at the National capital.
It was about 1776, in Massachusetts, that the
first woman, Mrs. Abigail Adams, asked for the
right of suffrage. Miss Mabel E. Adams of
Quincy in that State, who has just been elected
to the school board, and who is one of the
leading orators in the political equality cause,
is said to be one of her descendants.
The Duchess of Northumberland is the pos
sessor of a shawl which was presented by King
Charles X of France, and which cost 500,000
francs. It is manufactured from the fur of a
species of Persian cat. The hair of this cat is
so extremely fine and elastic that a single hair
is scarcely perceptible to the naked eye.
London society loses a well-known and popu
lar figure by the death of Sir Henry Calcraft,
who was. the leading spirit of the Board of
Trade. He began life in the department as a
boy, and acquired a mastery of the intricacies
and technicalities of its work which made his
service as permanent secretary of freat value.
A PRINCESS SHAPE FOR GOWN OR
WRAPPER.
The Princess dress is always ; popular, and
with the flaring skirt,' the full sleeves and the
large collars of the present, mode, have ah
added charm. • A'-*"'/-: 7- ''^7 ■
Fabrics of wool are used with a finish' of
machine stitching. Others are elaborately
braided. One of brown cloth had darts coy-
ered, by a fancy design, which tapered at the
waist, and then spread gradually to the foot of
the skirt, where it was eight Inches wide This
was done in black braid with a gilt edge, the
braid being sewed on endwise so the gilt ed__
was uppermost. The collar was braided to
match.
m Many women prefer to have such handsome
materials as satin ana silk brocades made up
in this shape. The collar may be of black
chiffon with a design In- white applique lace.
A dull green - warp-printed silir, with lines of
black and flounces •in ' matched colors, had
such a collar, with a folded collar of the silk
cut bias. .
L If you want a sure relief for «>aias ia the back, side, chest, or j£
1 AIICOCK S piaster]
Z _. Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita- §
P : tions is as good as the genuine. v ■
FASHIONS IN CHURCHES.
If the Puritans who came over to Plymouth
in order to worship God after yieir own copy
righted fashion could look to-day into the
plainest church in San Francisco they would,
undoubtedly, with their old-time startling
candor,. proceed to accuse its members of the
worldly sin of vanity and forthwith despair of
ever meeting them in heaven.
Their fashion was to rise before the lark— lf
indeed there were larks in those serious days
fortify the stomach with cold bean porridge,
clothe the body in clean and decorous home
spun, attune the mind to thoughts of severest
piety, and, walking soberly to their log church,
seat themselves on rough benches patterned
after the stocks, where, with their' primitive
arms and : ammunition * adjacent, ' they pro
ceeded to worship God, one ear thrilling to the
sound of a psalm and the drum of the other
stretched to its widest tension, in order to catch
the first. whirr of the war-whoop which an
nounced the arrival of the ever belligerent
Indian, who seemed to especially enjoy at
tacking them at this auspicious and holy hour.
Gloomy and fond of sacrifice was this God
the Puritans made after their own Image
and worshiped in singleness of heart,
compelling their neighbors to do like
wise on pain of torture. For what so
potent in convincing sinners of the pains
ot the . hereafter as a taste of torment in
the hitherto? Great was the zeal and faith .
of the Pilgrim fathers, and it is reported and
belleved-that the faith of the Pilgrim mothers
was still greater. How happy their lot! For
of all sinners they who lack faith are ever the
most miserable. . ._ . .
The fashions in churches, in ministers of the
gospel, and especially In the congregations
themselves have marvelously changed since
that day." There may still be instances where
the mother of a family rouses her less pious
better-half and her unwilling offspring, berlgs
them in their Sunday-best, and armed witn a
sprig of "laylock" or a bunch of green caraway
seed, 'according to the season, for awakeners
during the service should her charges prove
drowsily inclined, she marshals them into the
church to hear the parson picture the torments
of the damned, and invite sinners to rice from
the wrath to come.
Happily these churches now chiefly exist far
in the backwoods. Such a village church I
knew, having been one of the afore-mentioned
offspring, and though J have forgot ail but the
fiery portions of the sermon, ever since then a
strong whiff of old-fashioned lilac brines back
the sound of the minister's droning and Sister
Smith's voice shrilling some tortured hymn
as if it were a veritable lost soul and she had
been deputed to rac*c it to the utmost, stop
ping just short of absolute annihilation. But
there were compensations even then, for much
of the jigging church music of to-day was un
known. It is hard to absolutely spoil some of
the brave old hymns, and if there is anything
calculated to make a wretched sinner believe
in God in heaven it is "Coronation," sung by
a congregation that knows it well. '
In the city of New York nearly all the
women of the Four Hundred attend regularly,
when in town, some fashionable church. As
elsewhere, the congregations are made up of
two-thirds women and one-third men, al
though the men of the Vanderbilt family are
punctual church-goers. Mme. Vanderbilt,
widow of the old commodore, gave much to
Dr. Deems and his unfashionable Church of
the Strangers in her day. For Dr. Deems
"took no thought for the morrow" so far as
he was concerned, but spent his salary upon
his -orphans and other charities. Once he
met a friend in the street and said, "Some
one has paid up the mortgage on my bouse.
It is Mrs. Vanderbilt, I am sure, though she
has left me to guess at that."
It is almost as difficult for a "camel to go
through the eye of a needle" as for a stranger
to enter a pew in some of 'the -fashionable
churches of New York. Every seat is paid for
at a good round price, and it is like holding a
box at the opera— you do not care to go you
send some friend instead. Should the Prince
of. Wales chance to visit, incognito, Grace
Church, for instance, during service, he would
be shown to a temporary seat in the aisle, there
to remain until the close of the first lesson. If
the usher were to place him at once in a pew
he would do it at his peril, unless some mem
ber had signified his intention to be absent
from church on that day. The first lesson
ended, if any pew be vacant, the strangers in
the aisle are bidden to enter in. Once, as I sat
upon one of these temporary scats, "mid the
gorgeous strains. of music and the mellow
organ calms," like Alexander Smith, "my
heart was otherwise," for I was thinking-
There wan a young lady of Yarrow,
Who went up to church in a barrow;
Said she with a smile, .
As she .stuck in the aisle,
. They make these here churches too narrow.
In comforting contrast was mv reception at •
a church in San Francisco where the members
act as ushers. Entering there I was greeted
with a handshake and the question "Are you a
stranger?" I was a stranger, indeed, a"nd I
said so. "You are very welcome," the man
said. "l hope you will feel at home," and he
conducted me to a seat right in front of the
pulpit where the gospel could strike me hard.
I felt just as I used to feel when I visited
Aunt Sarah and she had taken me to my room
at night where light and air were softly tem
pered there was a shaded lamp, a pen, some
newspapers, a book or two, an easy chair, a
bed of down and the knowledge that 1 could
lie as late as I liked in the morning. And as
if this were not enough with her good-night
there came the dear saint's smiling benedic
tion, "Peace be unto you." I always felt like
falling on my knees and saying a prayer for
more Aunt Sarahs, and though this may not
have been quite orthodox a prayer rarely
closes as it begins; praying is in one sense
much like falling in love— you never know
how far you are going until you arrive at the
end. Well, whatever else I prayed for that
Sunday I did not forget to ask for more
churche* where strangers are received with out
stretched hands.
Yet here, right in hospitable San Francisco,
where many, both saints and sinners, seem to
welcome tramps right heartily, I know a re
ligious woman who has Deen a member of one
church for ten years, attending regularly, and
she is not personally acquainted with a single
other member except the pastor. But she has
never been poor ana needy; perhaps she has
not invited friendship or even acquaintance
ship. . :.-,..-'-:
A short time ago I was asked; "Do you think
the church-goers of San Francisco, who are
largely women, as sincere in their piety as
those of New York?"
I believe them to be even more so. Many
New York women attend church because it
has been their habit to do so from childhood.
They are not interested, it is even a bore, but
it is respectable to go to church, it is still the
fashion, and they care much for fashion and
for appearances generally. The women of San
Francisco are different, they are a law unto
themselves.- They, care less for appearances,
and besides, it is' their happy lotto be obliged
to ao little that they actually dislike. They
take more freedom than New York women do,
and are indulged to a greater extent in minor
I things. Ido not think they would go to church
1 at all unless religiously inclined, and I believe
the Christian women of San Francisco as
thoroughly conscientious ana devout as any
women in the world, for they lead charitable
and beautiful lives. .. Beebe Crocker.
£. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street . *
AAA: \. — * — • '<-,-■ ;;.
Famous broken candies, 10c lb. Townsend. *
'/4p:-, : ■ — » a. •'
Molasses crisp corn candy. Townsend. *
> a — •
Elix-B Padua! At 60 years you feel like 20,
Permanent, infallible. Dispensary, 118 Grant
avenue. *
• — — '
ErxciAL Information daily to manufacture: t.
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. *
| .- - . a—» i ■ .
Duzbey— l hear that Razley is a candidate
for a $4000 position in the City Hall.
Doobey— he able to fill it? .,-. 7
Duzbey— No, but he's able to get it.— Roxbury
Gazette. • ______________^__
. - m — —— — — — — — ;
.What Hood's Sarsaparilla has done for others it
can and will do for you. A fair trial of Hood's Sar
saparilla will convince yon of the entire truth of
the above statement. Take only Hood's.
■ .-" : ■■■■— » _> — • :
lir yonr complaint is want of appetite try half a
wine glass of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitten be
fore meals.
■ * — *— — ;
lr afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell it at 25 cents. ■
• , ■ • — _* — » — —
When Jones was at the theater the other
evening he sat down by mistake on his neigh
bor's hat and reduced it to a hopeless mass of
silk and pasteboard. The owner was madder
than half a dozen March hare*. .
"Well." calmly observed tho culprit, "I ; was
awkward, and no mistake! But," he added,
with, self-complacent pity, "when I think that
it might have been mine it makes me fairly
shudder.'*— Pick-Me-Up. p'l-'yBooks
and
Bookmakers.
IN a morning journal of February 6 is
a quotation from the Chicago Inter
Ocean headed "Bret Harte's Calamity
Jane," in "which are several errors.
The young woman scout, who. accord
ing to the Chicago paper, furnished Mr.
Harte with the heroine of the "Luck of
Roaring Camp," was born in 1852, one year
later than the date of "the Luck," there
fore could not have been his mother.
"Cherokee Sal" is what Harte calls his
heroine, and she was not an Indian fighter,
nor did she assist in lynchings. She was
simply "a very sinful woman." yet not too
sinful to be crowned with motherhood.
Harte's story, to which the Inter Ocean re
fers, was published in 1868, when General
Crook was doing some of his hardest cam
paigning, and Calamity Jane was only 16
years of age. About that number of years
had passed since the conditions had ex
isted in the mining districts to furnish the
novelist with such material as is ascribed
to Roaring Camp.
The" mention of Harte's most famous I
story in this irresponsible way had the
effect to recall some almost forgotten facts
concerning the productions of writers al- !
ready being supplanted by later aspirants i
for favor, some of which facts may be re
garded as curiosities of our local literature.
Mrs. C ,an early Californian, was
once telling me anecdotes about literary j
and other peonle belonging to the State's j
first decade. it transpired in lie course
of our conversation that she had now and j
then herself appeared in print in those in- j
teresting times. Among other things she!
had written a series of letters to a sister in j
the East which, on account of their vivid
pictures of California life, had been pub- j
lished later in the Pioneer Magazine, j
which was begun as early as 1§54. I
begged to see them and was granted the I
privilege. Taking them home with me I j
spent an afternoon In their perusal, find- ;
ing t^eiu most entertaining reacting. |
Ihey were entitled "California in 1861"
and "1552," aud were under the signature
of "Shirley." So much by way of preface.
The interest of the papers was not alto
gether in the general facts or the author's '
style, although that was elegant and of a !
quality which inspired confidence as well •
as invited admiration. I made a discov
ery in the very first number which greatly
quickened my curiosity as well, and I be
came fully satisfied before I closed the
volumes that the letters of Mrs. C- — were
the fouudation on whicn were built Bret i
Harte's "Luck of Roaring Camp" and
"Outcasts of Poker Fiat."
Without debating an" author's right to
build on another's foundation—
ideas are said Io be property — I "rise to
explain the grounds of my convictions
by quoting first from Shirley's correspond
ence. In her description of Rich Bar, a
mining camp on the American River, she
i.ays: WEB.
The Empire Hotel was built by a company of
gamblers as a residence for two of those un-
Jortunates who make a trade thing of barter
—of the holiest passion when sanctified by
love that ever thrills the wayward heart of
humanity. To the lasting honor of the miners,
be it said, the speculation proved a failure.
Yes; these thousand men. many of whom had
been for years absent from the softening
amenities of female society, and the sweet,
restraining influences of pure womanhood —
these husbands of fair young wives kneeling
daily at the altars of their bojy homes to pray
for their far-off ones— these sons of gray
haired mothers, majestic in their sanctitie'd
old — these brothers of virginal sisters,
■white and saint-like as the lilies of their own
gardens— looked only with contempt or pity
upon those, oh so earnestly to be compassioned
creatures. Those unhappy members of a c!a_>9,
to one of which the tendefest words that Jesus
ever spoke were uttered, left in a few weeks,
absolutely driven away by public opinion.
The disappointed gamblers" sold the house to
its present proprietors for a few hundred dol
lars.
One of the three women at the Bar
when Mrs. C. came there was the wife of
the landlord of the Empire. Her two
weeks' old babe had been ushered into
the world with • the help of one
of the other women, who had
no sooner heard the child's first
cry than she was taken with the pangs
presaging a similar trial and compelled to
return tb her own cabin, where her child
was born without- the sympathetic pres
ence ami aid of any woman friend. Mean
time the first mother, whose husband was
seriously ill, was ministered to by a miner
who lodged in the house, his services
oeing limited to providing bread and tea
morning and evening. For two days the
bal**, which luckily was strong and
healthy as became a prospective miner, re
ceived no attention, remained unwashed
and undressed until the mother was able,
"by slow stages," to administer a bath
and put on the first tiny robe. These were
the unadorned facts as Mrs. C. learned
them from the landlady of the Empire.
That they proved full of suggestion to a
writer of fiction is not at ail remarkable.
Whatever of commonplace there was in
the incidents Harte very skillfully re
moves, as follows: 77 _<.;
Cherokee Sal, a coarse, and, it is to be feared,
a very sinful woman, * * * was at that time
the only woman in Roaring Camp, and was
just at that time lying in sore extremity when
she needed most the ministrations of her sex.
It will be seen also that the situation was
novel. Deaths were by no means uncommon,
but a birth was a new thing.
He makes one man go to the help of the
woman, while "two hundred stood with
out." Of course, to make the story dra
matic, she dies, and the miners have the
babe on their hands and make it their
mascot.
Cherokee Sal was only another name for
a large, coarse, loud-voiced, but not a bad
girl — one of the four women in Rich Bar
after Mis. Cs advent. The miners called
her "Indiana," but only because she came
from that State; still, th*e title was sug
gestive. Thus, by mixing up the elements
found in Mrs. Cs first letter, a story was
evolved from facts which gained its pseudo
author a worldwide reputation as an im
aginative writer.
But it is in the "Outcasts of Poker Flat"
that the lead struck Dy Hart- in Mrs. Cs
letters is most evident. The five-mile-long
hill leading down to the camp is a distinc
tive feature in the letters; it is also. a
strong point in the description of the
journey made by the outcasts in a Novem
ber storm. The place where they en
camped was referred to more than once in
the letters as a "beautiful grove of oaks";
but the difference between July and No
vember in. the mountains -made all the
difference in the aspect of the place. In
this story the banishment of the depraved
men and women was ordered by a vigi
lance committee. Mrs. Cs account of the
expulsion of gamblers and courtesans also
relates that
An Englishman, the owner of a house of the
vilest description, a person who is said to
have been the cause of all the troubles of the
day, attempted to force his way through the
line of armed men which had formed on each
tide of the street. The guard very properly
refused to let him pass. In his drunken fury
he tried to wrest a gun from one of them,
which, being accidentally discharged in the
struggle, inflicted a severe wound, upon a Mr.
Oxley, and shattered in a most dreadful man
ner tne thigh of Senor Pizarro, a man of high
birth and breeding, a porteno of Buenos
Ayres. This frightful accident recalled the
people to their senses, and they began to act
a little less like madmen than they had done.
They elected a vigilance committee, and au
thorized persons to go to the junction and ar
rest th« suspected Spaniards. [This refers to
the primary cause of excitement— quarrel be
tween Spanish and American miners.] .The
first act of the committee was to try a Mexicana
who had been foremost In the fray. She had
always worn male attire, and on this occasion,
armed with a pair of pistols, she fought like a
v fry fury. Luckily, inexperienced In the use
of firearms, she wounded no one. She was
sentenced to leave the Bar by daylight. * *"'-*
I The next day the committee tried five or six
; Spaniards. Two were sentenced to be whipped;
' the remainder to leave the Bar that. evening. ;,
* Harte's story introduces the act of ban
, ishment thus: 7 • ;:7.T
Poker Flat was experiencing a spasm of vir
tuous reaction quite as lawless as any of the
: acts that had provoked it. A secret committee
had determined to rid the town of all improper
; persons. This was done permanently in re
gard of two men who were left hanging from
! the boughs of a sycamore in the gulch, and
temporarily, in the banishment of certain
! other objectionable characters. I regret to
say that some of these were ladies. It Is but
due to the sex, however, to state that their im
, propriety was professional, and it was only in
I such easily established standards of evil that
! Poker Flat ventured to sit in judgment. *.'* *
i A party of armed men accompanied the de
i ported wickedness of Poker Flat to the outskirts
; of the settlement. Two women went with him.
Their terrible ascent of the narrow trail,
' with a precipice on one side and a rocky ;
| cliff one or two thousand feet on the ;
i other, their detention by snow until food I
i was exhausted, the humanity' and even
| love exhibited by the gambler Oakhurst !
\ toward the unhappy "woman he was forced
i to abandon to her fate, are all in Harte's
J happiest vein. Yet even in this he is
I somewhat of a copyist, if not a plagiarist,
for everywhere in the letters of Shirley
the gentlest spirit is manifested toward
erring humanity. The charm it imparts
to her simple narrative becomes in the
hands of the fictionist a touch of high
art— one which Harte was wise enough
always to maintain. The coincidences I
have referred to are certainly worthy of
remark.
Further of Mrs. Cs letters, I find this
suggestion of Joaquin Murrietta, the hero j
of C. H. Millers first literary venture, j
whence he obtained his pen name of Joa- I
quin Miller. Speaking of the men who
were condemned to be whipped at Rich !
Bar, Shirley says:
One of these' unhappy persons was a very
gentlemanly young Spaniard, wno implore.. :
for death in the most moving terms. * * *;
Finding all his entreaties disregarded he swore '
I a most solemn oath that he would murder
every American he should chance to meet
I alone, and as he ls a man of the most daunt
| less * courage, and rendered desperate by &
burning sense of disgrace which will cease
only .with his life, he will doubtless keep hia
word. ' *._,. "Az-'p'*-
In another place is this hint of Mark
Twain's "Jumping Frog" : "We stopped at
night at a rancho where they had a tame
frog. You cannot think how comical it
looked hopping about, the bar, quite as
much at home as a tame squirrel would
have been." >/
For the preservation of these "flies in
amber" the so-called early writers of Cali
fornia should have been' willing to ac
knowledge' their indebtedness to the yet
earlier "chiel":who took notes with so
much discrimination,. and out of which
they have drawn to themselves the recog
nition and remuneration accorded to orig
inal inventors.
Something of this sort I said when I re
turned the volumes to Mrs. C, wlio only
smiled deprecatingly, as if she had said,
"It is useless to demand justice in a worid
governed chiefly by injustice." | Then the
talk reverted to poetry,, and 1 made a com
ment on the contents of a little volume
called "Outcropping," remarking that the
editor, Bret Harte, had not included
among the early poets a certain lady, of
whom A. D. Richardson, when he was out
here, said she had written finer poems than
an}' contained in Harte's collection, and he
wondered that there was nothing of hers
in his book.
"That omission I can account for," was
the reply. "The writer-you mention was
not on the coast at the time the compila
tion was made, so she could ' not come' in
among the 'Outcropptngs' of the earliest
period of California poets.".
."But," I said," "she was here to my
knowledge when the book was published."
"Very true ; but the book was compiled
before her advent, as; I happen to know,
because myself and; another writer, whose
norn de plume was 'Red Ridinghood,' put
the contents". together. Tlt was : a *.; little
venture of ours, which we placed in the
hands of Mr. Roman; then a large ' book
seller, to publish. I suppose he doubted
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
the benefit to us of printing it, for it lav on
his hands for a long time, or until Bret
Harte achieved a great prominence among
Californians, and then it seems he must
have asked him to edit it, for it appeared
in print with his name as editor."
"And you were not consulted?" I asked
in amazement.
"No.".
"Well, tell me about it," I exclaimed,
I eager for ; this remarkable curiosity of lit
erature. • , y
"There is no more to tell. Mr. Harte
simply appeared as editor and as the pre
sumable compiler. Our names were not
mentioned in connection with it."
» "And you received neither credit nor
income from it?"
"It always passed as Harte's collection.
I do not know as ranch credit could attach
to it, and, I do, not suppose it more than
j paid its expenses, even with his name to
! float it."
I "You are very charitable," I grumbled;
then I walked about the room rather fast
! for a few minutes to exhaust the propel
ling force in my feet. •' ■
"Equity is a roguish thing," quoted
Mrs. C. "Equity is according to the
conscience of him that is chancellor."
"Yes," I retorted; "l agree with Sancho
Panza, that 'every one is as God made
him, and oftentimes a great deal worse.' "
Frances Fuller Victor.
IS polite SOCIffiH POLITE?
That famous leader among women, Mrs.
Julia Ward Howe, has collected a number
j of her pipers which were written for her
| popular audiences and which were read in
j many parts of the country, before the
I physical weakness of old age caused a I
: cessation of the work of the authoress in
j the lecture Held. "With the burthen of
| increasing years," says Mrs. Howe, "the
i freedom of locomotion naturally tends to
diminish, and I must be thankful to bo read
I whore I have in other days been heard. I
JULIA WARD HOWE.
[From a volume of her essays.]
shall be glad indeed if it may be granted
to these pages to carry the message which
I myself have been glad to bear— the mes
sage of the good hope of humanity, de
spite the faults and limitations of indi
viduals. That hope casts its light over the
efforts of years that are past and gilds for
me with ineffaceable glow the future of
our race." , ; . . '
"Is Polite Society Polite and Other
Essays" the new volume is styled. The
book is replete with wholesome, common
sense ideas and merits careful perusal. In
fact, the name of its authoress will com
mand for it the consideration to which its
genuine merit win prove its title."
Observing the shortcomings of what we
term society (wherein there are many peo
ple whose behavior is guided by no sin
cere and sufficient rule of conduct), Mrs.
Howe asks, "Are these people what they
should be?" and then endeavors to answer
the question. As to a proper definition of
politeness, sue says: '■■'-,
What shall we accept in the ordinary sense
of men as politeness? Shall we consider it a
mere surface polish— an attitude expressive of
deference, corresponding to no outward grace
of good feeling? ■ Will you like to live with the
person who, in the great world, can put on
line manners, but who,, in the retirement of
home, manifests the vulgarity of a 6elfish
heart and an undisciplined temper?
No, you will say; give me for my dally com
pauions those who always wear the best man
ners they have. For manners are not like
clothes— you can mend them , best when you
have them on.:. ' *
Mrs. Howe then observes that .sincerity
is. the best foundation upon.which to build
the structure of a polite life; that affecta
tion of deference carries its own contradic
tion with it;. that flattery is, in itself, an
offense against. politeness," and that it isof
tenest administered by persons who . are
already suffering the intoxication .of van
ity and g that the ' tone of society is low
ered by a low view of the conduct, and na
tures of those who are made the subjects
of discussion. The world's social recogni
tion does not affect all people in the same
manner.": One passes the ordeal unscathed,
but for one such unspoiled* world-favorite
there are twenty men and. women who, at
the first lift of fortune,iforsake k their old i
friends, neglect their near relations, and
utterly ignore theii poor ones. Here Mrs.
Howe deals a stroke at a certain class of
modern novelists:
Romance is full of such shameful action;
and let me ,say here. in passing, that in my
opinion romance often wears off our horror of
what is wicked and heartless by showing it as
a permanent and rccogniaed element of so
ciety. This is the reverse of what it. should do.
But in these days it so exceeds its office in the
hunt after the exhausted susceptibilities of a
novel-reading public that it really thumps
upon our aversion to vice until it wears it out.
*********
I have heard on good authority that people
of | wealth and position in our large cities
sometimes deposit their aged and helpless par
ents in asylums, where they may have all that
money can buy for them; but nothing of what
gratitude and affection should give them.
How detestable such a course is I need not say;
my present business i3 to say that it Is far from
polite. :..,.. 4 -,:■)- ■ ~.y:A^\[f-7-//:/z.p : ■
With reference to the concealment and
disregard of real connections which involve
real obligations, this is said in the way of
advice: - ' '.
If you are rich take up your poor relations.
Assist them at least to find the way of earning
a competence. Use the power you have to
bring them within the sphere of all that is re
fining. You can embellish the world to them
and them to the world. Do so, and you will be
resDected by those whose respect is valuable.
On tho contrary, repudiate those who really
belong to you and the mean world Itself will
laugh at you and despise you. It is clever and
cunning enough to find out your secret, and
when it has done so, it will expose you piti
lessly. ;■•"-;. 77 7/7 '-. ' •-,"'.'
Of men who, away from home, are an
noyed at the very thought of their own
parentage; of the young man at college,
whose sister may be working in a factory
to keep him there, and who blushes with
shame at, the thought of his relationship,
Mrs. Howe says : 77 T T;
Oh, shame upon the man or woman of us
who is guilty of such behavior as this! These
relatives are people to be proud of, as we
should know if we had the heart to know- what
is true, good and loyal. Even were it. not so,
were your | relative a criminal, never deny the
bond of nature. Stand beside him in the dock
or at the gallows. You have illustrious prece
dents for such association in one whom men
worship, but forget to imitate.
Here is a little picture of what we term
polite society :
• Polite society bases itself upon exclusions.
In this it partly appeals to that antagonism of
our nature through which the desire to possess
something is greatly exaggerated by the diffi
culty of becoming possessed of it. If every one
can come to your house, no one, you think,
will consider "it a great object of desire to go
there. Theories of supply and demand come
inhere. People would gladly destroy things
that give pleasure in order to enhance their
value in the hands of the few.
The justifiable side of exclusion is
choice, the selection of one's associates.
Society may decree that those who come
of a certain set of families; that those who
have a certain education, and, above all, a
certain income, shall associate on terms of
equality. With this decree there comes to
foolish human nature a certain irrational
desire to penetrate the charmed circle.
The attempt to do this encounter., resistance,
there is pushing in and shoving out coaxing
and wheedling on the one hand, and cold de
nial or reluctant assent on the other. So a I
tight is perpetually going on in the realm of'
fashion. Those not yet recognized are always
crowding in. Those first in occupation are
endeavoring to crowd these out. ln the end
perseverance usually conquers.
But neither of these .processes Is polite —
neither the crowding in nor the crowding out
—and this last especially, as many of those
who are in were once out, and are trying to
keep other people from doing what they them
selves have been very glad to do.' * '* * *
There is an; obvious advantage in society's
possession of a recognized standard of propri
ctyin general deportment; but the law of
good breeding should nowhere be merely for
mal, nor should its application be petty and
captious. The externals of respectability are
-most easily aped when they are of the perma
nent and stereotyped kind, and may be used to
conceal gross depravity; while the constant,
fresh, gracious inspiration of a pure, good
heart is unmistakable and cannot be success
fully counterfeited. '.'_-*;'.
Sirs. Howe says that young persons
should be desirous of learning from older
ones what should and what should not be
aone on the ground tof > general decorum
and good i taste.- In . her youth she asked
counsel of her elders. Nowadays a grand
mother y must ask her granddaughter
whether such or such a thing is to be con
sidered "good form," to which thelatter
will often reply, "Oh, dear! no." Pp
-The authoress declares that'amone the
traces of its original barbarism that society
keeps is lack of respect for labor, wherever!
that lack exists, it is deemed very Incon
sistent too that t those who must be intel
lectually looked up ': to should be so
cially looked down upon. Again, as to
good manners: 7 ',
-■: One result of . our not j being well instructed
in the nature of politeness is that we go to the
wrong source to learn it. People who have
been modestly bred think they shall acquire
manners by consorting; with the world's great
people, and in this way often unlearn what
they already know of -'good" manners instead
of adding to their knowledge. *'.'* *: '
I wish that I could oitciier see in our young
MARCEL PREVOST.
[Reproduced from the Bookman.]
neople a desire to know what Is perfectly and
beautifully polite. And I feel sure that more
knowledge in this direction would save us
from the vulgarity of worshiping rank and
wealth.
Who have been the polite spirits of our day?
I can mention two of them— Mr. Longfellow
and Mr. Emerson— persons in whose pres
ence it was impossible to be rude. But our
young people of to-day consider the great for
tunes rather than the great examples. * * *
Where worldlincss gives the tone to charac
ter it aorrupts the source of good manners,
and the outward polish is purchased by the in
ward corruption of the heart.
■ The crucial experiment of character is found
in the transition from modest competency to
conspicuous wealth and fashion. Most of us
may desire this, but I should rather say, dread
it. I have seen such sweetness and beauty
impaired by the process, such relinquishment
of the genuine, such gradual adoption of the
false and meretricious.
Mrs. Howe asks that, in the new world
of society, we shall lay aside altogether
the theory of human superiority as con
ferred by special birth or fortune and rec
ognize in ail people human right, capacity
and dignity. "T+.-V
Having adopted this equal human platform,
and with it the persuasion that the society of
good people is, always good society, let us or
ganize our circles by real. tastes and sym
pathies. Those who love art can follow it to
gether; those who love business, and science,
and theology, and belles-lettres, can group
themselves harmoniously around the object
whicn especially attracts them. r -•*
The authoress does not think the man
ners of 80-called polite society are so polite
to-day as they were a half-century ago,
and she remarks:
Young women of fashion seem to me to have
lost in dignity of character and in general tone
and culture. Young men of fashion seem to
regard young ladies with less esteem and defer
ence, and a general cheap and easy standard
of manners is the result.
• On the other hand, outside this charmed
circle of fashion, I find the tone of taste and
culture much higher than I remember it to
have been in my youth. I find women leading
nobler and better lives, filling larger and
higher nlaces, enjoying the upper air of
thought where they used to rest upon the very
soil of domestic care and detail. So tho com
munity gains, although one class loses, and
thit, : remember, the class which assumes to
give to the rest the standard of taste.
There are six other essays in the volume,
which is -finely printed on heavy paper,
and which contains an excellent" portrait
of the venerable . Mrs. Howe. [Lamson,
Wolffe & Co., publishers, Boston and New
York. For sale at all bookstores.]
A YOUNG FRENCH AUTHOR.
Among the younger generation of con
temporary French writers of fiction, Mar
cel Prevost is one of the most successful
and interesting, although he is, perhaps,
the. least known by the reading public,
particularly out.side of his own country.
This seeming paradox is explained by the
fact that M. Prevost is entirely a "new"
man, and that, with one exception, his
books have not been translated.
I have not been able to gather any bio
graphical : data concerning this author,
writes Arthur Hornblow in the February
Bookseller. The latest (1892) edition of
Vapercau's Dictionnaire dcs Con tempo
rains does not mention him, although this
work is supposed to, and, as a rule, does
contain a biographical notice of every pub
lic man in France. It would seem, there
fore, that previous to 1892 M. Prevost had
not attracted any 'attention as a write)*.
I have heard vaguely that he was educated
to be an engineer, but preferred the pur
suit of letters and made his literary debut
in the columns of a Paris newspaper.
His earlier books, T"Le Scorpion" and
"Chonchette," had no , marked snecess,
although both volumes ran through several
editions. It was his third novel, , "Mile.
Jaufre" (1890), that first entitled him to be
ranked among the makers of good litera
ture/and | first acquainted j the public and
the critics with his name.
. The best book that Marcel Prevost has
yet written is unquestionably "La Confes
sion dun Amant ,t (Lemerre, 1891). It has
not had' with the public the remarkable
success that attended the publication of
"Lettres dcs Femmes," hut large sales are
not always a guarantee of a book's intrin
sic worth. Ferdinand Brunetiere, who in
the French literary world holds a position
analogous to that occupied in England by
Andrew Lang, discusses "La Confession
dun Amant at considerable length in his
"Essais surla Litterature Contemporaine."
He writes: "No : one will regret reading
this book, and M. Marcel Prevost must
take care that his next novel does not fall
below 'La Confession dun Amant' in
literary quality." ;
THE OVERHAND' NEW COVER.
Rounsevelle Wildman is giving his best
efforts to.the ; proper development of the
Overland Monthly. The March number
of this magazine has a cover by Boeringer
that is sufficiently characteristic of the
Pacific Coast to please a representative
committee from the Society of Pioneers.
It represents an Indian in standing pos
ture, holding in bis hands the talismanic
insignia of the aboriginal medicine man.
The page is further embellished with rep
resentations of. Indian pottery and carv
ings. For several months the Overland's
covers have been devoted to Indian scenes,
' the cover for February being by L. May
nard Dixon, well known to readers of The
Call by his excellent work; in these col
umns, introducing the idea of.the passing
of the buffalo. The theme of the tragedy
is well carried out. ■*!;
• The recent exhibition of the San Fran
cisco Arts and Crafts receives considerable
attention, particularly that section devoted
to posters. There is also an article on the
modern poster craze, with illustrations,
including one of , The Call's posters. /■ The
Overland consistently sticks to its motto,*
namely, that.it is a Western magazine, de
voted to Western subjects and interests.
THE CHILD VOICE 7. IN SINGING.
This book, by F. E. Howard, Supervisor of
Music in the Public Schools of Bridgeport,
Conn., is very; timely, in view of the .fact;
that vocal music is now almost universally
taught in our public schools, and that thou
sands of teachers are required to give daily
drill ; in singing, who, while well equipped
in * other respects, are for various reasons
placed at considerable disadvantage in
teaching music. There is also a strong
tendency in the Episcopal church to re
place the quartet and chorus choirs with
surpliced choirs in which boys sing the
soprano, hence organists and choir
masters will welcome a treatise which
helps to clear away the difficulties attend
ant upon training boys' voices. The
author lays great stress upon the physi
ological characteristics of the cbild voice,
and draws sharp contrasts between it and
the adult woman's voice. He claims that
the rough, strident tone so commonly
heard from children is a misuse of the
voice and productive of harmful physical
effects and that it also deadens musical
sensibility. We recommend it to the at
tention of teachers, singers and others.
[Published by Edgar S. Werner, New
York; bound in cloth, JL] - -pp.-
ALDEN'S LIVING TOPICS • CYCLO
PEDIA.
This is a unique publication which will
be appreciated by readers who wish to
keep track of the Jworld's progress in all
important lines of activity and knowledge.
It deals with such items as one would nat
urally look for in a first-class cyclopedia
were it up-to-date. The average reader
probably inquires more about things
touching the past " three years than con
cerning the preceding three centuries.
Topics are treated in alphabetical order,
and as often as the alphabet is covered a
new series will begin and the same course
be resumed. Each bound volume contains
an appendix, bringing all important mat
ters preceding close up to the date of pub
lication. Volume one, just issued, covers
from Abbas to Boysen; is in excellent,
handy form and the price is 50 cents. John
B. Alden, publisher,' New York.
AN EXCELLENT KNAVE.
This is the title of a new novel by J.
Fitzgerald Malloy author of "A Modern
Magician," and it is issued as No. 40 of the
Belmore series by Lovell, Coryell & Co.,
New York. The scenes. are laid in Eng
land and the book deals with English so- j
ciety. The exclusive set fall over each
other for a season to honor a man who
seems to outshine his fellows, but who
turns out to be a deep-dyed villain in
clever disguise. ' The crimes he committed
are laid at the door of an innocent and
honest man, whom society cast out and
shunned until the real criminal was un
masked in the very midst of the charmed
circle. The innocent man triumphsin the
end, but has learned to value society's
fealty and favors at their proper worth.
Paper covers ; price 50 cents.
PATRIOTIC QUOTATIONS.
The Whittaker & Ray Company of this
City have published a. neat little volume
of "Patriotic Quotations," combiled from
original sources by Harr Wagner, editor of
the Western Journal of Education. Over
200 authors are represented in the work,
which is designated for use in the public
schools. The book appears to be a very
good thing from which to select memory
lessons for pupils. The price in boards is
40 cents; paper covers, 25 cents.
The Woman's Manual.
Harriete R. Shattuck's work, "The
Woman's Manual of Parliamentary Law,"
has been revised and enlarged, and the
sixth edition, more clear arid more elabo
rate than the eatlier ones, has been issued
by Lee & Shepard, Boston. The volume
is handsomely gotten up, and the price,
cloth-bound, is 75 cents. The book is re
plete with practical illustrations especially
adapted to women's organizations.
LITERARY NOTES.
The complete novel in the 'March issue
of Lippincott's is "A Whim and a Chance,"
by William T. Nichols. . It turns on a cir
cumstance peculiar but not without prece
dent in real life, the effort to find clews to
property which has mysteriously disap
peared with the owner's death. Clare E.
Robie sketches sharply and not admiringly
the portrait of "A Labor Leader." Other
short stories, both agreeably light, are
"Mis' Pettigrew's Silver Tea-set," by Judith
Spencer, and "Henry," by Mary Stewart
Cutting.
7 Miss Elizabeth Phipps Train's new
story, "Madame of the Ivies,'.' will shortly,
be issued In serial form. Miss Train made
a hit last year with "A Social Highway
man," and there will' be considerable in
terest in her forthcoming work. . "
. Father Stafford *,'- is regarded as the
best story that has been written by
Anthony Hope. : It is now being dram
matized, and .will soon be presented on
the stage by a prominent star, possibly
E. H. Sothern or Nat Goodwin. This work
is" issued in Neely's ' Prismatic Library,
buckram,: gilt top, 75 cents. .
Very few people realize how ; ' popular a
flower the carnation has become. The
consumption *. each winter in New York
exceeds* fifteen millions, of cut flowers.
The culture of carnations will be explained
in Scribner's Magazine March by J. H.
Connelly. The illustrations are to be
printed in color. ;
Godey's Magazine . for March is filled
with matter that is timely, beautiful and
interesting. Perhaps . the most absorbing
are two biographical articles; one " The
Life of Cecil Rhodes," and the other called
"The Senorita of the Sword,'.' being
descriptive "■. of Jaquarina, . the , Spanish-
American swordswoman who has defeated
the cracks of the United States and English
armies, and who will represent America ip
the Olympic games this sprine.
The edition of.the works of Bishop.But
ler,' upon which Mr. Gladstone has for
some time been engaged, will be published
during the spring by the Clarendon Press.
W. H. Mailock, whose "Labor and the
Popular Welfare" aroused so much inter
est, has written a new volume of, essays,
in which he discusses; such topics.as the
distribution of wealth. (controverting the
principles laid down by Karl Marx), the
minimum of humane livine, wages, the
products of work, and the census and the
people. - , _ . ■ '.". -,.-. .
An interesting little book has just been
published, called "German . Songs of To-
Day," and edited, with an introduction
and literary notes, by Alexander Tille,
Ph.D.. lecturer on the German language
and literature in the University of Glas
gow. ; .".-,.'.:.;
The twenty-seventh bound volume of
the .Critic" for. July-December, 1895, com
pleting the paper's fifteenth year, reviews
827 books, American, English and foreign,
the total for 1895 being 1733, which would
seem to cover the field, pretty thoroughly.
A new literary magazine to be published
in New York is entitled "The Parisians."
Its scope will be to present a compendium
of the best literature of the France of to
day without confining itself to this sphere.
The salo of the Oxford Bible for teachers
has reached the enormous number of over
2,000,000. * The Oxford. Press publishes
seventy-eight editions of the Bible and
ninety editions of the prayer-book.
c The Clarendon Press : is : about to issue
a collection of the traditional hymns of
the ancient Gaelic church in Scotland, by
Mr.' Alexander Carmichael of Edinburgh.
Under the title "Congressional Cur
rency" A. C. Gordon has presented .an
outline of the Fedeial money system of
the United States and a statement of the
important acta of legislation concerning it.
Many persons are still living who re
member the widely scattered-lithographs
representing the Arkansaw Settler, whose
lack of hospitality to a traveler is trans
formed by his visitor's ability to play the
famous- backwoods tune. These crudely
.drawn lithographs confront the reader
of the March Century, in which Professor
H. C. Mercer of the University of Penn
sylvania gives an account of his researches
"On the Track of 'The Arkansas Trav
eler.'" . . •
Dr. Le Bon, author of several works on
psychology, is about to publish an impor
tant work entitled "The Psychology of
Socialism," dealing with the subject under
three heads: first as a faith, second as an
economic conception, and thirdly as a
philosophic conception.
Justin McCarthy has a three-volume
novel and a collection of short stories in
hand, both books being promised for this
year. 4y;-:p ■:■■
' Professor Garner's name has . become
familiar in connection with his study of
; the monkey tribe and their "language."
He has just finished a book on his last
visit to West Africa, and it will be pub-»
lished in London this spring.
G. B. Grinnell's "Story of an Indian" is
to be published in England soon. The
Britons are developing a taste for Ameri
can literature.
Mrs. Emily Crawford, the well-known
Paris correspondent, contributes to the
March Century a biographical sketch of
Alexandre Dumas the elder.
"Sunrise Stories" is the title of a book
that makes the.elevated pretension of en
abling the reader to obtain a view of
Japanese habits of thought, and of the
principles of philosophy and religion em
bodied in their literature. It was col
laborated by Tozo Takayanagi and Roger
Riordan, and will be issued by Scribner's.
Bret Harte has just completed a manu
script of a new story, to which he has
given the title of "Two Americans." He
will soon publish a new volume of poems.
Messrs. Houghton, Mifflin & Co. will issue
both volumes.
Professor I. Zangwill, in the Critic, says
that "the most striking feature of the
American humorist is his sameness; he
serves up daily the same old jokes, and his
merit chiefly consists in his inexhaustible
ingenuity in dressing them up afresh.
England, according to Voltaire, has many
religions, but only one sauce. America
has only one joke, Out many sauces. This
one joke is the tenacity of the young man's
attentions to the daughter of the reluctant
father. England has several leading jokes
— all equally frequent and equally un
amusing — masher, the mother-in-law,
and the endless epic of the latch key."
LIVED. TO CAST HIS VOTE.
Pathetic Incident of the Contest for Sen
ator From Kentucky.
Seven hours after voting for the man of
his choice before the Democratic Senatorial
caucus Isaac Wilson, Representative from
Nelson County, passed calmly from the
exciting scenes of earth. Truth seldom
tells a tale of such noble loyalty to a friend
and comrade as that which was exhibited
by the dead legislator. He was brought to
the capital upon a dying bed, realizing
that he would never rise from it again and
expressing only the one desire that he
should live long enough to do something
toward the success of his friend. Senator
Blackburn.
Mr. Wilson died at 5 o'clock this morn
ing m nis room at the Capital Hotel, and
surrounded by the relatives who had been
summoned by telegraph. A year ago he
weighed 175 pounds, but his corpse is a
mere snadow, a wasting disease of the
stomach nay ing slowly eaten his life away.
There were strong objections on the part
of his family and of Senator Blackburn,
but he was determined to come at all haz
ards. He knew and said that the hard
trip would shorten his life, but he declared
that he preferred to take the risk and help
his friend.
After he was brought here last Monday
one of the first callers was Senator Black
burn, who fought side by side with him
for four years. The ' Senator .was deeply
moved and expressed regret that Mr. wil*
son had not listened to his request and re
mained at home. It was believed that he
would die in a day or two.
"I have no fear of dying, Senator," he
said, "and you must not think that you
will fail to receive my vote in tbe caucus,
for I am determined to live until it is held,
and shall exert every force of my nature
to keep the breath within my body until
Senator Fulton has cast my proxy for
yon. Then I shall resign myself to the
inevitable."
Mr. Wilson hung between life and death,
the end being expected at any moment,
but he insisted that he would be alive to
cast his vote, which was done last night.
Senator Fulton, a life-long friend, re
turned to the room and assured him that
the vote of Isaac Wilson had been cast for
J. 0. S. Blackburn. He closed his eyes
and sank rapidly to bis death.— Frankfort
Dispatch to Louisville Courrier Journal.
NEW to-dat:
Strange Things Going On!
All the Folks Surprised!
Mem.— A man pounded his finger;
lost fifteen minutes' time, curing it.
Another got a whack square in the
. eye. He was docked one' hour's
pay— could then see out of it and
went to work again. "' .
Still another bad sat up nights
with Felons, tried cocaine and
opium, but the agony had got
there first and would not yield.
■' Finally his wife, -who had cured her
tender feet, gave him a pointer and
Hubby's Agony Found a Master,
For he says he
"Was Asleep in Ten Minutes."
No "Royal Pnrple"
, " After either ; accident. Mitchell's
: Magic Lotion did the business for
them all.
Money in Your Pocket
To have it around, for nobody
knows when or where the
Lightning Is doing to Strike.
Any Druggist can get it for you
' 25c, 50c and $1.
Be sure and read the directions.
2122
THE THEATRES
THE Tavary Opera Company has
come and gone, and one feels in
clined to dismiss it with the re
mark that the last state of that
troupe is worse than the first. A
year ago Charles Pratt was understood to
be an enterprising manager trying a re
vival of grand opera, and the public as
well as the critics cave him the glad hand,
because he deserved encouragement, and
because they thought that -if 'he made
money he would do better this year.
Mr. Pratt cleared, it is said, over $25,000
by his last season's enterprise, but how
has he lived up to this success? In the
first place, he took the mainspring out of i
his company when he parted with Signor
Morreale. Without wishing to disparage
the present conductor of the Tavary com
pany, it is apparent in the first ten min
utes of an opera that he is not to be com
pared to his predecessor. His orchestra is
too unwieldy for him to manage, and in
operas such as "Aida" and "Lohengrin"
the blare of the brass is positively excru
ciating. The conductor has extraordinary
ideas about tempos, too, and occasionally
exhibits a habit of starting the soloists off
at a mad pace, which in their frantic ef
forts to keep up with the orchestra makes
them come in gasping and panting at the
finish. It is not pleasant to see the
gavotte in "Mignon,'' for instance, turned
into a sort of musical racetrack, in which
the singer and the orchestra scamper un
evenly over the score in their efforts to
keep up with the conductor's baton.
With regard to the artists, Mr. Pratt
still has the three bright particular stars
of last year, as well as several others of
lesser magnitude. He made a change for
the worse when he took Max Eugene in
stead of Mertens. . The Anglo-English |
barytone is a fine figure of a man, but mere
appearance is not enough to sustain a lyric
reputation. Miss Lichter, the New York
girl with the beautiful voice and the ex
ecrable tremolo, is a treasure, trove; so is
Abramhoff. One feels sorry that Lichter
should go on abusing that exquisite organ
night after night. She is only 20, and if
she studied and overcame her defects she
might have a very big career before her.
Except Lichter and Abramhoff there is
no improvement in the company, and that
leads one back to the original proposition —
the last state of the Tavary Company
is worse than the first.
Baldwin Theater.
The annual engagement of Frederick
-Warde and his company opens at the
Baldwin Theater to-morrow night. He
will play for two weeks in classic, romantic
and Shakespearean dramas.
For the current season Frederick Warde
will make a specialty of his production of
"The Mountebank," a well-known ro
mantic drama, which is said, in his hands,
to have the attractiveness of a new pro
duction. Ail the other plays in his reper
toire this year also have the advantage of
special scenery throughout. The support
ing company numbers twenty-seven mem-
Scene From One of the Striking Plays to Be Presented by Frederick Warde at
the Baldwin.
bers. In the place of Louis James, who
formerly accompanied Mr. Warde, is
Charles D. Herman, whose ability has
been recognized here before. Charles
Sutton is the les-ding juvenile man of the
support. Messrs. Herman and Sutton
have each played leading roles with Mr.
Warde in former seasons. Miss Fanny
Gillette, Mrs. Isabel Waldron, Miss Lucia
Moore and Miss Craig Garrick are included
among the ladies in the company.
"The Mountebank" will be "presented
Monday, Wednesday and Friday evenincs
and at the matinee Saturday ; "The Lion's
Mouth" will be seen on Tuesday and
Thursday evenings, and "Yirginius" on
Saturday evening.
Hoyt's "A Milk White Flag" will be
seen for the first time here at the Baldwin
two weeks hence.
Padcrewski'g Farewell.
Paderewski will play the following pro
gramme to-morrow night at the Baldwin
Theater:
Chromatic Fantasia and Fugue Bach
Sonata, appasatonata, F minor, op. 57.. .Beethoven
Allegro ii.-s.u-, Andante con moto (variations).
Allecro ma non troppo; Prs-ito.
Serenade (Hark. Hark, the Lark).")
Soiree de Vlenne. '-Schubert-Liszt
Krlkine. )
Nocturne, B major, op. 62. )
Sonata. B flat minor, op. 35, with Funeral |
March. \. .
Valse. D flat major, op 64. Chopin
Mazurka, D flat nor, op. 24, No. 4. |
Polonaise, A flat, op. 63 •-.-." J
Nocturne, 1! flat, op. 16. No. 4 Paderewski
P.hapsodiellongroise, No. 12 Liszt
California Theater.
The cycling craze has been used as the
basis of the play in which jolly Nellie Mo-
Henry appears to-morrow night at the Cal
ifornia Theater. It was Miss Mcllenry's
own idea to have the current mania for
wheeling condensed into a three-act musi
cal farce. She engaged Louis Harrison to
make the play for her, and the result is
"The Bicycle Girl," in which Miss Mc- !
Henry and a dozen or more comedians,
dancers and specialty people have been
meeting with success this season.
Of course the vivacious and jolly Nellie
is the heroine, and during the progress of
the piece she is said to be given a wide lat
itude for provoking the particular kind of
innocent mischief for .which she is noted.
She is an up-to-date maiden who rides the
wheel and in addition keeps abreast with
all the progressive movements wherein the
happiness of woman is concerned. She
speculates in Wall street and between
times conceives the idea of a bicycle club
where all her set grace the membership
roll with their signatures.
Milton Boyle will present his new play
entitled "Mexico" at the California Thea
ter on Monday, March 16.
Grand Upora-llouse.
"Pulse of New York," a sensational
spectacular drama from the prolific brain
of Howard Taylor, is to be the attraction
at the Grand for the coming week. The
drama tells a story of modern metropoli
tan life and an interesting one enough;
but the story seems to have been written
around the sensations, for it is apparently
of quite secondary importance.
Realism is the feature of "Pulse of New
York." Effects are to be proauced which
would be impossible on any other than a
very big stage, or one with elaborate mod
ern electrical equipments. There is to be
a railroad accident; a narrow escape from
.- ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
death in a pile-driver; and, lastly, a real
istic fire scene.
There being no suitable parts for them
in the cast, the new principals, Susie Tit
tell and Darrell Vinton, will not appear.
The principal role will be played by the
soubrette, Miss Horace Thropp, who will
have some half dozen changes of charac
ters to make. The other parts will be
taken by regular members of the stock
company. . _\ *
Grower's Alcazar.
The Carleton Opera Company opens at
drover's Alcazar to-morrow night in a
series of operas comiques which, it is said,
will be excellently mounted and sung. It
is some years since the company appeared
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA, CONDUCTOR SOUSA'S . PEERLESS! CONCERT BAND.
here, the last time they did being at the
Baldwin Theater.
The new prima donna of the Carleton
Company, Miss Rena Atkinson, seems to
have met with success wherever she has
sung. She a native of Portland, where
her father edited and published the lead
ing Catholic journal. Miss Atkinson
studied with Meilo Agramonte. She is
said to shine especially in such very di
verse works as "Mignon," "La Traviata"
and "La Gioconda."
The personnel of the company, apart
from Miss Rena Atkinson, includes Sarah
Carr, prima donna mezzo soprano; Clara
Wisdom, contralto; Selina Rough, second
soprano; J. Taylor, primotenore; Georee
Campbell, primo tenore; W. R. Dickson,
second tenor; W. H. Hamilton, bass; W.
Proput Carleton Jr., barytone; Tom
Ricketts, buffo; Miss Emma Wells, prima
danseuse, and the favorite barytone, W.
T. Carleton.
W. C. Smith is the musical director, and
the repertoire includes "Lily of Killar
ney," "Dorothy," "Bohemian Girl,"
"Chimes of Normandy," • "Fra Diavolo"
I and other operas comiques. There is said
to be a fine chorus of fresh voices and a
carefully selected orchestra.
Tivoli Opora-House.
Weber's "Freischutz" will continue to be
the attraction- at the Tivoli Opera-house
this week. Ida Valerga will remain in the
cast, as will also Martin Pache, John J.
Raffael, W. H. West, Marcel Perron, G.
Napoleoniand Arthur Boyce. Miss Anna
Schnabel, who is said to be a talented
young German soubrette, will alternate
this week with Miss Marchi in the role of
the vivacious cousin Annie. After "Der
Freischutz" the romantic opera, "Rip Van
Winkle." with Ferris Hartman in the title,
role, will be sung; Gertie Carlisle and Pearl
Landers will also reappear in the cast.
At the Orpheum.
The management announces seven new
people for to-morrow evening. The
brothers Diantas, the Rossleys and Billy
CartT, the Garrisons, Carroll Johnson and
the Pantzer Brothers, who were the star
features last week, will be retained.;
Foreman and Fannan are the new arri
vals. The Rossleys come heralded as
clever Irish - singing : comedians and
dancers; the brothers Diantas as entertain
ing musical grotesques, from the Folies
Bergeres, Paris; and Foreman and Fannan
as bright and witty dialogue and singing
comedians.
At the Auditorium.
John Philip Sousa, who has lately
adopted the appropriate name of the
March King of America, will give a series
j of concerts at the Auditorium on the 28th
1 and 29th inst. In addition to his band
Sousa brings as soloists Miss Myrta
French, soprano ; Miss Currie Duke, violin
ist, and Arthur Pryor, trombonist. Sousa is
announced also to bring a number of new
compositions. The band and its conduc
tor are too well known to need an account
of their successes.
There is coming under the management
of Messrs. Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. a
strong musical combination including the
renowned violinist and the great Wagner
ian singer, Madam Materna. : Herr On
dricet has thus far created the greatest
furor of any violinist that has visited
America this season. He is the court
violinist to his Imperial Majesty the
Emperor of Austria, and has had conferred
upon him five orders by._ Queen Victoria,
the Queen of Romania, the Emperor of
Russia, the King of Italy and the King of
Denmark. Already arrangements are be
ing made to give Ondricek and Madam
Materna a reception upon their arrival at
the Palace Hotel. ■ Tf --•
, Columbia Theater.
Katie Putnam and her company will
open their second week's engagement in
"The Old Lime Kiln" at the Columbia
Theater to-morrow night. New specialties
will be introduced.
The Maedonough Theater.
The ' Tavary Grand Opera Company
will give three performances at the Mae
donough Theater, Oakland. The reper
toire is as follows: Wednesday evening,
"Carmen"; Thursday evening, "Trova
tore"; Thursday matinee," Bohemian
Girl."
"Coring Club Concert.
Considerable interest is being taken in
the approaching concert of the Loring
Club, which is announced for the evening
of Thursday, the 27th inst., at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. 7 '/y
The high standard of the club promises
to be well sustained at this concert, several
very strong choral numbers being in
cluded in the programme. The soprano
soloist on this occasion will be Miss Ar
della Mills, this being her first appearance
on the Loring Club platform. The list of
artists also includes the name of B. Mol
lenhauer, violin soloist, and the piano ac
companiments are of course absolutely
safe in the hands of Mrs. Carmichael-Carr.
The concert will be under the direction
of D. P. Hughes, the regular conductor of
the club.
Mormon Choir.
The celebrated Mormon Tabernacle
choir, which will visit this City in April
and give a series of concerts, has a reper
tory which includes oratorio, opera, glees,
madrigals and concerted work. The ora
torios which the choir renders arc: "The
Messiah," by Handel; "Judas Maccabeus,"
by Handel; "Redemption," by Gounod;
"Mars et Vita," by Gounod; "Stabat
Mater," by Rossini; "St. Paul," by Men
delssohn; "Elijah." by Mendelssohn;
"The Light of Asia," by Dudley. Buck.
The choir's grand opera selections are
taken from the following list: "Lohen
grin," by Wagner; "Tannhauser,'' by Wag
ner; "Faust," by Gounod-, '-Blodwin," by
Parry; "Lucia,*' by Donizetti; "Life of
the Czar," by Glinka; "Tobasco," by
Chadwick; "II Trovatore," by Verdi; \
"Ernani," by Verdi; "Rigoletto," by :
Verdi; "I Lombardi," by Verdi; "La
Traviata," by Verdi; "Norma," by Bellini.
A special feature of their concert work
is their rendition of characteristic Mormon
music, such as the hymns and anthems
written for and sung at the dedication of \
the great temple in Salt Lake City, which
it took forty years to build. These dedica
tory services lasted thirty days, and were
attended by nearly 100,000 people. .
When the choir comes to San Francisco
in April they wiil be accompanied by 200
or 300 of their friends, and the trip will be
made in a special Pullman train.
The leader of the Mormon Tabernacle
choir is Evan| Stephens, a young Welsh
man, who studied at the Boston Conserva
tory. A AAA,
Dramatic Brevities.
Rudyard Kipling is said to be writing a
play, the heroine of which is a nautch girl.
The scene of Paderewski's opera is in the
Carpathian Mountains and the theme is
Hungarian. A"/// aAa'7
It is now definitely announced that Mar
sick, the violin virtuoso, will make his
first San Francisco, appearance at the
Baldwin Theater on Sunday night,
March 1. _..--.
. The Theatrical Mechanics' Association
will have a benefit at the California Thea
ter next Sunday afternoon, March 1, on
Sccno From "The Pulse of New York" at Morosco's Grand Opera -House.
JOLLY NELLIE Mc HENRY IN "THE BICYCLE GIRL," CALIFORNIA*
which occasion will appear a strong array
of talent from the various companies now
at the local theaters.
. The University of California Glee Club
wili give a concert at the Auditorium on
Monday evening, March 2.
St. George's Club has arranged for a
benefit to be given at the Columbia Thea
ter on March 4, 5 and 6, when the funny
comedy, "A Railroad Ticket," will be pre
sented.
Humperdinck's new opera, "Die Sieben
Ge islein," is severely condemned, by the
German critics. This is the opera in which
all the characters have to make up as
XO PLAY, NO PAY.
How Paderewski Was Asked to Appear
With a Dancing Bear.
The extraordinary statements that bave
from time to time been circulated respect
ing M. Paderewski would fill volumes, and
they afford the famous pianist endless
amusement, for he is the embodiment of
good humor. In the course of conversa
tion on the peculiar epistles he bas re
ceived during his career, M. Paderewski
observed : will appear a strong array
from the various companies now
al theaters,
iversity of California Glee Club
t concert at the Auditorium on
vening, March 2.
rge's Club has arranged for a
be given at the Columbia Thea
rch 4, 5 and f>, when the funny
'A Railroad Ticket," will be pre
•dinck's new opera, "Die Sieben
' is severely condemned by the
ritics. This is the opera in which
aracters have to make up as
JO PLAY, XO PAY.
er«"w»kl Was Asked to Appear
W illi a Dant-ing Bear.
raordinary statements that have
to time been circulated respect
derewski would fill volumes, and
•d the famous pianist endless
it, for he is the embodiment of
or. In the course of conversa
he peculiar epistles he has re
ing his career, M. Paderewski
"Some time back, while I was traveling
in England, a number of letters reached
me from the proprietor of a circus. The
first ran something like this: 'My dear
Paderewski, why don't you come? Why
don't you keep your engagement? You
are engaged to appear at my circus at
Warrington with a dancing bear. The
public are very disappointed because you
do not come.' As this appeal dieted no
response, the energetic circus proprietor
forwarded me a printed form of contract,
in which it was set out in writing that
'Paderewski is engaged to appear with a
dancing bear for £10 a week. No play, no
pay.'" z'A/:
lt appears that there is a circus-per
former in existence who styles himself
Paderewski. When M. Paderewski's see l
retary inquired of this gentleman why he
had assumed the pianists- name, he re
plied that he had the right to assume any
name he leased, "it isn't worth making
a fuss about," he added, confidentially. "I
shall be a good advertisement for M. Pad
erewski."
M. rewski tells an interesting story
of an experience which befell him during
a recent visit to Bristol. I will give it as
nearly as possible in his own words:
"One day I received a letter from a lady,
who said she had an invalid friend who
was very anxious to hear me ulay, but
could not possibly attend a public recital.
•My friend,' she added, 'would come any
where you like to name to hear you play
privately. As we are not rich we cannot
afford a high fee, but we shall be happy to
pay you half a guinea for your Joss of time.'
I asKed my secretary, Mr. Gorlitz, to write
and invite the lady to cdrue to the hotel
the next morning. She came, and I played
five or six pieces to her. She was delighted
and thanked me heartily. At the close, to
my surprise, her companion offered me
ten and six pence, upon which I said, 'No,
thank you, madam; it has been a great
pleasure to me to play to you.' "
Wonderful to relate/certain Paris jour
nals got hold of a perverted version of this
story, in which M. Paderewski's extreme
good nature was represented as rudeness,
and the editors of these papers solemnly
advised the musician to avoid such be
havior in future.
In talking over the matter M. Pader
ewski remarked to me with emphasis, -'I
assure you nothing was further from mv
mind than to ridicule those ladies. My
only desire was to gratify the wish of the
invalid who was so anxious to hear me
play."
it was an American lady, by the way,
who, after M. Paderewski had good hu
moredly complied with her request for his
autograph, pulled out a bundle of five-dol
lar bills and anxiously inquired, "How
much?"
Such incidents as this amuse the famous I
pianist, but of a more troublesome nature j
are the applications for pecuniary help j
with which he is inundated, thanks to the
reputation for generosity which he has
deservedly acquired. If all the riches of
the Rothschilds were at his command he
would be unable to satisfy the claims
which the post brings him during a single
month's sojourn in England.— September
number of the Strand Musical Magazine.
A GIGANTIC STONE HEAD.
Curious Rock Formation on the Shores
of Monterey Bay.
On the tip end of Point Pinos in Monte
rey County is one of the most curious
natural rock formations in the Btate. It
is interesting because it is so natural.
Natural Rock Formation on the Beach
Near Point Pinos.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
Viewed in any position from the land side
it looks like a gigantic stone carving of a
man's head.
The exact location of the rock is about
500 feet from the Point Pinos lighthouse
in a northerly direction. At low tide it is
high out of water, and at high tide all the
profile shows but the lower part of the
chin. P-zT/A
There is no effort of the imagination
required to see a man's head. It is as
plain as any statue that was ever carved.
It is so perfectly "blocked in," as sculptors
say, that it is hard to believe it is not the
work of human hands. The character of
the head is that of a strong, vigorous man.
The hair is rushed back from the fore
head and the mustache is in the style of
the early German soldiers. Fractures in
the rock in just the right places form the
eyes and. nostrils, and a projection makes
a perfect ear. The head seems to be re
clining backward and the eye is partly
closed, giving .an easy and graceful ex
pression to the face.
The head is composed of granite, al
though the formation near by is some
sort of metamorphic rock. It is a light gray
in color and is so hard that it will most
likely stand the seas that sweep over it for
centuries to come.
AVERSE TO TOBAOOO.
The Empress of Russia's Edict Against
Cigarette-Smokers.
Russia's young Empress has created con
sternation at the court of St. Petersburg
by discountenancing the use of tobacco by
the ladies with whom she is brought into
contact. She is credited with the observa
tion that a cigarette in the mouth of a
woman is as bad as an oath in that of a
man, and has requested that neither her
ladies-in-waiting, nor yet the ladies of the
court, should approach her so long as there
is the slightest aroma of tobacco about
I their clothes or about their person.
Now, nearly every member of the impe
rial family, and in natural consequence
well nigh every lady in court and in so
ciety, is addicted to the use and even
abuse of cigarettes, the Grand Duchess
Vladimir being conspicuous among the
number. The widowed Czarina, like her
sisters, the Princess of Wales , and the
Duchess of Cumberland, never favored the
use of tobacco by ladies; but in spite of
all her influence upon her husband Alex
ander 111 did not venture to openly object
to it on the part of tne members of her
court. T 
That the young Empress has '. had the
courage to do so constitutes a proof not
only that her influence over her husband
is of a predominant nature, but also that
she will not hesitate to use it for the
execution of her ideas, irrespective of any
prejudices or obstacles that she might
encounter.
There is only one other sovereign in
Europe who manifests a similar aversion
to tobacco— namely, Queen Victoria, who
has been known to "cause her private secre
tary, the late General Sir Henry Ponsonby,
to ; address letters, to her various Cabinet
Ministers complaining of ; the aroma of
tobacco with which the official documents
ana state papers submitted to her for sig
nature were impregnated.
"Admiral Dol," once . famous as a
midget, is now a hotel proprietor at White
Plains : and foreman of the tire-engine
company of that town. He is now quite
stout and , much taller than when on ex
hibition as a dwarf. When arrayed in his
fireman's apparel he looks like a plum
pudding swathed in red flannel.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
National Salutes Fired by the
Cristoforo Colombo and the
Richard Rush.
SHE WAS DECKED WITH FLAGS
The Italian Warship Honored the
Birthday of the Father of His
Country.
Washington's birthday turned Saturday
into a Sunday on the water front yes
terday. All the State offices were closed
and there was not a ship receiving or dis
charging cargo at any of the wharves con
trolled by the Harbor Commissioners.
Strange to say, the greatest display of
bunting was on English ships. All the
American vessels seemed to be satisfied so
long as they had the ensign flying at the
gaff, but the Britishers got in and "dressed
ship," and to the foreign captains ls due
the fact that the water front presented a
picturesque appearance yesterday.
At noon the Italian warship Cristoforo
Colombo hoisted the stars and stripes at
the main and fired a national salute of
twenty-one guns. A few minutes later the
revenue cutter Richard Rush, the nearest
approach to an American war vessel in the
bay, also fired the national salute. '
Prince Luigi of Savoy was on board the
Cristoforo Colombo when the stars and
stripes were being saluted and stood bare
headed with the other officers when the
band played "Hail Columbia." The
Prince had just returned from a trip to
the Italian-Swiss colony at Asti. There
he spent a most enjoyable time and
warmly complimented his countrymen on
the work they had accomplished in the
New World. A special train brought him
back to Tiburon and a special steamer
brought him- to San Francisco. On his ar
rival at midnight a boat from the man-of
war was awaiting him and he was at once
rowed aboard. Yesterday he expressed
himself as being more tban pleased with
his trip to Asti and said he would visit the
place again if he had the opportunity.
Sealers- are jubilant over the action
taken by Congress, and, in consequence,
several vessels that would have remained
"tied up" this year are now being fitted
out for a season's cruise. Congressman
Magoire is engineering the passage of a
bill authorizing the Secretary of the' Treas
ury to remit all fines, penalties and for
feitures against sealing vessels in all
meritorious cases. It has passed the Sen
ate and the Committee on Merchant Ma
rine, and will undoubtedly go through the
House. In consequence the Winchester
and Bowhead, which were seized last
spring for a violation of the pelagic fishing
law, are now being refitted, even though
there is a United States deputy marshal
on board. By the time they are ready to
sail the bill will have become law, and the
District Attorney will be instructed to re
lease the vessels.
In the case of Captain Tom Lockycr.who
tooK sealskins from tbe schooner Win
chester on the high seas and brought them
to San Francisco, a new trial is likely to be
held. Lockyer was fined $1000 for his
breach of the law, but new testimony was
forthcoming yesterday to the effect that
for the past thirty years it has been a com
mon practice to transfer cargo from a ves
sel to a tug or any other craft making port,
when the vessel on a cruise did not want
to. Clerk Jewett, in the United States Dis
trict Attorney's office, was around investi
gating the testimony yesterday, and the
chances are that the fine imposed upon
Captain Lockyer will be remitted.
Ihe brig Galilee made a smart passage
from Papetee and is now discharging a
cargo of cocoanuts at Harrison-street
wharf for L. G. Sresovich & Co. The pas
sage was an uneventful one.
The name of the steamer Willamette
Valley is to be changed to Orizaba. There
has been considerable confusion caused by
the Oregon Improvement Company own
ing the Willamette and Willamette Valley,
so it was decided to change the name of
the latter. An application was made to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and under
the circumstances he gave permission to
make the change. When, therefore, the
Willamette Valley sails on the 25th inst.
for Mexican ports she will be known as the
Orizaba.
The river boats did an enormous busi
ness yesterday. From Vallejo and way
ports the Sunol brought 191 passengers,
the Monticello 47 and the Herald one lady
passenger, who had a railroad pass.
Drs. Fitzgibbon and Morse ot the Board
of Health, accompanied by their families,
made a tour of the bay yesterday. They
went out in the quarantine launch Gov
ernor Perkins, and after touching at all
points of interest Angel Island was
reached, where a sumptuous lunch 'was
spread. The party then came back to San
Francisco. ;. ■%
Charles Thomas, a sailor on the British
ship Craigend, and Mate Herbert Chant
had a rough and tumble on the ship last
night. The mate ordered the sailor, who
was drunk, to go below, and the latter re
fused. During the trouble which followed
Thomas kicked Chant into insensibility,
and the latter was only saved from death
by the interference of the rest of the crew.
Thomas was turned over to the harbor
police and charged with assault to murder.
_ Nobody knew who Rev. Herbert D.
Ward, the new Massachusetts Prison Com
missioner was until' the Boston Globe let
out the secret that he is the husband of
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps.
I NEW TO-DAT.
FA J From Journal of HfiHi-tnm
g _____ -AL- — Prof. W. H. Peeke, who
9 "*■ fT_f^^ makes a specialtv of
mm*_\ H I(L Epilepsy, has without
__ii ! 9 H «k doubt treated and cur-
ss n f_ ed more cases than anv
di KM -..^ft living Physician; his
■ i H L J success is' astonishing.
_______ ______ mWT^^A Ve h:lv «* heard of cases
of 20 years'', standing
.- c .p. large bot-
tle or his absolute cure, free to any sufferers
who may send their P. O. and Express address.
We advise anv one wishing a cure to address
Prof.W. H. PEEKE, F. I).. * Cedar St., Few Tor*
A remedy used exclusively by . a physician ot
SO years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and
tertiary ' cases of blood' disease. , No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Koom 1. 038 Market St., San Francisco.
. . ■ IRON BEDS,
'•*J | ,'"j mm BRASS BEDS,
<-■ \> -. FOLDING BEDS,
I Wire and Hair Mat-
I tresses, Reclining
(fttiiT i Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
ll linil t_M__u-_r --ommodes.Bacic Rests
_t________K iMflll W " A SCHROCK,
■ L^^fctS*t 1 * _._ *' Montgomery
w * %0 St., under Grand
' ' ■■' Hotel, S. F.
Weak Men andWomen
S^ar mYx!!?^ ll^ OTTERS. THK
Strength to the Sexual Orgaoi. **■**!« »■*JUST LIKE HIGHWAYMEN.
How a District School Was Terrorized.
Intense excitement prevailed in a cer- I
tain school district of San Luis Obispo
County recently, as the result of a report I
which had spread from farmhouse to farm- j
house, that highwaymen were abroad in !
the land, and had even descended upon j
the district schoolhouse with intent, no !
doubt, to avail themselves of any chance
for plunder that might offer itself. The
teacher had been rendered ill by the terror
incident to the visitation in question, and
the schoolchildren were all more or less
frightened. So that the story as it sped
out from the schoolroom was picturesque
inits thrilling details by reason of the aci
ditions furnished by inflamed imagina
tions. This was the schoolteacher's ver
sion of the affair:
. The pupils were enjoying a recess in the
middle of the afternoon, and the teacher
was looking out upon the amusements of
the young from the schoolroom door. All
was joy and merriment.
Hark! A clatter of hoofs is heard down
. the path that leads from the highway to
; the school. Nothing strange about that.
Some visitors, perhaps. Two horseman on
fine-mettled steeds now leaped into sight.
The men were fierce-looking, heavily
bearded fellows, with dangerous black
eyes. They were dressed like hunters, and
"THE HORSEMEN GLARED AT HER FIERCELY."
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
each carried a gun at the horn of his
saddle. Swiftly they rode until within a I
few yards of the children at play, when
euddenly the animals were brought to an
abrupt standstill. The men sat motion
less, glaring ahead at the schoolhouse
door.
At first the teacher was inclined to step
out and address the strangers, but she et
p<»cted them to show some mark of recog
nition or respect. They remained like
statues, only" shooting fierce eye-gleams
ahead of them. The children, too, were
p.t first disposed to regard the horsemen
with the curiosity of unsuspecting natures.
_ Hey ceased their play and ran toward the
strangers, shouting cheerily, but their
breasts were soon invaded by a feeling of
awe at the nnexplainable scene before
them. Two big. savage-eyed men, clutch
ing wicked-looking guns, and halting
their horses with such inexplicable sud
denness in front of the schoolroom after a
break-neck run the actions could be ac
counted for in no other way than that the
twain were highwaymen.
The teacher's wits were taxed. The
crlances of those bad men seemed to pierce
her like arrows. Their silence was more
menacing than speech. She whispered to
._ child near her, and the little one ran
and whispered to others, ' '
Presently the children moved with a
show of eagerness toward the schoolroom
entrance. The last child vanished within
the portals and the door was shut with a
bang. The -window curtains were drawn,
but eyes peeped from the sides of the cur
tains.* ...
The horsemen, who had all this time
maintained the statue-like pose, suddenly,
like a shot from a gun, wheeled about and ,
dashing the spurs into the sides of the i
tteeds rode off with reckless speed in the
direction whence they came.
The teacher raised the curtains and
opened the door. The whole school
breathed more freely. There was no more
studying for the day. '
This is about as lar as the teacher s story
goes. : • ■
The alarm spread among the farm
houses; old guns were cleaned up; doors
were secured more tightly, and some few
of the more daring ones bestrode their
horses and rode out on the trail of the men
who had caused consternation at the dis
trict school. The robbers were, heard of
nevermore. No depredations were re
ported in the country round about, and the
people of the district wondered the more
they turned the mystery over in their
minds. ■
That same night Baron yon Schroeder
«'"i his superintendent returned, after
aay of 'cross-country sport, to the Baron s
line estate— the Eagle ranch.
"We shall hear reports about highway
men now, and it will be amusing to note
the fidelity of the stories to the actual
event," observed the Baron as he dis
mounted.
"It seems a shame now to have given
them such a scare, but it was interesting,
nevertheless, to mark what effect may be
produced by simply standing still and say
ing nothing, after you have appeared sud- ;
denly and unannounced. Tnen to disap
pear with rapidity after* the statue act
_____a__i9. ' • -_*««___^___*_»«___a_B#__s.eL.,
makes the scene still more terror striking.
We have furnished a nine days' topic for
one community; out, of course, when peo
ple are talking about highwaymen they are
not indulging in idle gossin of the neigh
borhood." " ! -.y* r . .
"When you told me to glare ahead.; be
motionless and say nothing," said the
superintendent. "I felt; as if I should have
to burst out laughing."
"Well," said 'the Baron to the superin
tendent, "you'll have to purchase a cheese^
box full of sweetmeats and send it to that"
district school. You had better send a
little note to the teacher, begging her to
accept, for herself and pupils,, the little
present from the highwaymen, who were
(you might say) only a couple of freakish
hunters."
THE DUKE .OP .TOMBSTONE.
Took Three Baths a Day When Water
Cost Five Cents a Gallon.
He used to be called "the Duke of Tomb
stone" when an Arizona settlement mar
veled at the recklessness of a man who
battled three times a day and water 5 cents
a gallon at that! Edwin Field in those
days changed his white flannel suit when
ever the smallest blemish in the way of
dust was noticeable, and rode behind a
pair of horses that were a sensation in ! a
community where burros were the highest
type of draft animals. But Ed Fields is
dead and gone now. He died in the poor
bouse the other day. And yet at one time
he owned a large part of the city of Tomb
stone and a mine worth more than half a
million.
Dr. Joseph H. Greer of 307 Oakley ave
nue knew Fields in Arizona, and had as
sisted him from time to time during the
past three year.-* in Chicago.
"I. went to Tombstone, Ariz., in 1879,"
said Dr. Greer, "and Fields was there be
fore me, although the town contained but
seventy-five people at that time. He was
squatting on some mining property, which
was not supposed to be of much value.
But the town grew to 15,000 and he owned
two-thirds of the townsite, so that his
rents increased until they gave him an in
come of over $4000 a month.
"The mine wnich he owned was called
'The Gilded Age,' and proved to be a rich
property. Fields' title to it was a little
shaky, but he was backed by Boston and
New York capital, and in the end secured
a perfect title. He sold the mine in 1881
or ISS2 for $600,000 in cash, every cent of
which went to him. After the town grew
and Fields amassed his wealth he assumed
a mode of life that made him the most
conspicuous character in the West.
"He was known everywhere as the ' Duke
of Tombstone' on account of the gorgeous
manner in which he carried his establish
ment. He rode behind a handsome pair
of bays and kept a negro valet. He
dressed during the summer in white flan
nel and changed suits three times a day.
When water was selling in .Tombstone at
5 cents a gallon he took three baths a day,
'and broke a bottle of Florida water in
every bath. H« started as a nine days'
wonder, and was the "most-talked-of man
in the country. -..-.
"I left Tombstone and settled in Chicago.
One day during the World's Fair period a
seedy-looking individual stepped into my
office, and I recognized Edwin Fieids. I
asked what he was doing, and he told me,
with a mournful smile, that he was 'store
man' at the Southern Hotel. His salary,
he said was $14 a month. Where had his
money gone? Well, I asked him that one
day, for 1 could not understand how a
man that never drank, never played cards
or gambled to my knowledge, could have'
squandered . a cool million of dollars,
which amount he certainly possessed at
one time.
"He told me that he had lost most of his
property in speculation on the Board of
Trade, and had then taken to the bucket
shops, where the most of his money had
taken wings. He Was at that time, even
with his pittance of a salary, drifting to
the bucket-shops in the vain endeavor to
retrieve his lost fortune. "He lost the most
of his money in St. Louis, but carried on
his speculation *botn in that city and in
Chicago. ■ X
"I do not know his birthplace, but he
was an Eastern man, and was well con
nected. He had a sister living at Steuben
ville, Ohio, a brother at Farleys, N. Mex.,
who owns a big sheep ranch, and another
brother who owns an immense cocoanut
plantation in the Samoan" Islands. Such
was his pride, - or his perverseness, that he
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
would never- seek aid from them."—
Chicago Times-Herald. '.'-
FRIENDS ON DEADLY LINES.
Pickets of Rival Armies Suspend Hostil
. lities Temporarily by Agreement.
.On that part of the line in front of At
lanta occupied by the Twentieth Corps the
pickets often entered into an agreement
not to fire for anywhere from half an hour
to three hours. The picket lines were so
close together that a Yankee whisper
could be heard by the Johnnies. The show
of a head or any -part of a body meant a
shot, and usually a wound or death. When
the pickets became so weary from sitting
in the cramped picket pits that life was an
"almost unbearable burden a truce was
called for. If the call came from the Con
federates it was in this way- or the way
very similar to this:
* "Yanks, how do you alls feel?"
--* "Like Satan, or worse. These picket pits
give us the cramps."
"That's our fix, too. Suppose we stop
the killing for an hour or so while we
stretch our limbs and get rested ?"
"Mighty glad to make such a contract."
"All right. We will let up three min
utes from now and give you three minutes
to get back into your pits before the shoot
ing begins." T • *•• '/ -.-:,
. "It is a bargain.'
Then these brave men climbed out of
the pits, straightened their legs, stretched
their arms and talked to each other on as
friendly terms as so many farmers who
had met at a line fence might be expected
j to do. .
j By and by the man who led in making
j the contract stepped out from his asso
ciates and said: "I'm sorry, Yanks, but
* .
, the time is up. Hunt your holes and
j watch out."
When the boys were safe in their graves,
as the picket pits were often called and as
they sometimes proved, a Yank called
Lack: "We are fixed, Johnnies; let her
sliver." :■ '.: -..-;
And they "slivered," both sides.
It was murderous business, that pickat
firing, much of it. ' ,
The pickets of the Second Massachusetts
and Third Wisconsin made such an ar
rangement with the men over there one
hot afternoon. Things went along charm
ingly for more than an hour, when a
young officer appeared on the Confederate
line and ordered the men to go to firing.
"We can't do it, sir," said the sergeant.
"We have agreed with the Yankees to quit
shooting for two hours. The time is only
half up."
"Sergeant, order the picket to begin
firing at once."
"I can't break my word with the
Yankees, sir." ;_////
"Then I will. Begin firing, every man
of you.
Not a man touched his gun or started
fOr the pits.
The young officer seized a gun and shot
at the Union pickets. That was the signal
for our line to open fire. The balance of
that day the Confederate pickets in front
of those two regiments didn't shoot to kill.
Those who didn't shoot in, the air sepa
rated the chunks of lead from their car
tridgesblanked them.
: That night a dozen or more of the pick
ets left their pits and crept into the
Union lines, giving as their excuse the
conduct of the young officer. Their haver
sacks were filled the next morning by the
Massachusetts and Wisconsin boys as they
started on their journey North". French
leave? Precisely.— Chicago Times-Herald.
PEW WOMEN WALK WELL.
Some Simple Rules for Those Who Wish
to Step Gracefully.
Have you ever noticed tow few women
walk well? Nowadays, when the streets
are full of all sorts and conditions of
women, you have a good chance to watch
the varieties of gait. Very few walk grace
fully. One gives you the idea her feet are
too heavy, so unelastic is her tread; an
other walks as. if she is pursued. Yet
another walks as if every . step would jolt
her to pieces, and there are some students
of Delsarte who are thinking all the time
just how they must do it, and the result is
an affectation worse than any awkward
ness.- •■'. - . •*'■ \ »". •„■ T '
Frenchwomen have a special style of
walking,' pretty enough in its way, and
which makes their dresses hang better than
they do in America. They throw their
whole bodies forward, keeping them quite
erect all the while, so that a line dropped
from the chin would touch the bosom and
then fall sheer to the toes. The difference
is so marked, that American women are
'known at once in Paris/ Most of the girls
who stay .. long enough in Paris, however,
adapt themselves to the French manner.
English girls have a'> distinctive walk,
and such i a walk! They have a stride
which is better adapted to flowing Greek
draperies than to gored skirts, and the re
sult moves to amazement rather than to
aamiration. y/A'Py
Walking is an art that deserves to be
cultivated, especially in these athletic
days. In the old-fashioned novel the
esthetic heroine never walked. She al
ways "moved" or "floated „■ airily" or
"glided."
It is strange that woman doesn't realize
that it is her mission to be graceful. We
cannot all be pretty; but the charm of
grace, even more potent- than that of
beauty, can be acquired by any one who
will take the trouble.
Why should any woman be willing to
make herself ridiculous? If you want to
walk well hold yourself erect; don't throw
your shoulders back, though you have
probably often heard that piece of er
roneous ad x ice. Just keep them in a
natural position. Don't . put your toes
down first, like a dancing master, but try
to make both heel and ball of the foot
touch the ground at once. Hold your
body firmly, your head up, your chin in,
and walk a" great deal with these things in
mind.— Philadelphia Ledger.
BOY CRAB-FISHERS.
They Capture the Shell Fish Above the
Water.
The crab fishermen who catch the deli
cate shell fish with net or line have now
got competitors in the business who have
Catching Crabs From Between the Piles.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
it in their power to sell very cheap. They
can sell cheap because there is little work
for them to do, and they nearly always
make good hauls. The new rivals are the
boys who loaf around the water below
Channel street.
Some time ago several thousand piles
were anchored in the bay, and as they
floated about a colony of crabs found them
just the things to sun themselves on. In
fact, they found them so pleasant they for
got to get off when the tide went down.
All that was then necessary for the boys
to do was to go out and pick them up.
As soon as the crabs heard the sound of
footsteps they would drop off the piles,
but instead of striking the cool waters of
the bay would drop into a sticky pool of
slimy "black *tnudT In this position they
could do nothing to help themselves, and
it was not long before they were served
"cracked'' on free-lunch counters. *.*.-
The boy's do very well at the work, often
catching* several dozen in a day. But it is
impossible to conceive of a more dirty job.
They become covered with the ill-scented
black slime. However they don't object
to that, but rather think it adds to the
hilarity of the pastime. 7 . ■;.;;-
LIVES ON A RAFT.
How an Old Man Avoided Monthly
Visits* From a Landlord.
For several weeks past there has been a
most unusual craft floating on the waters
of the bay in the vicinity of the Union Iron
Works. The whole thing is not worth
more than $10, and yet its owner says he
has solved the "landlord problem." Henry
Carpenter is his name, and he is only too
willing to tell how he was compelled to
t.iKe up bis present habitation. \/7^.7.i 7
Henry has been in this worJd nearly 70
years, and wherever he lived was com-
A House on a Raft.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
pelled to pay rent. Even when he was
earning big wages this "galled" him, and
when he got old and work was scarce it was
unbearable. To overcome this he bought
a tent and put it upon the water front of
the China Basin. But he couldn't escape
even here, and a policeman told him he
would have to make arrangements with
the owners or leave.
It was at this time that Henry hit on his
bright idea. He begged three logs and a
number of planks and made a raft. It was
of gocd size, and he put his tent on one
Mid and on the other located his kitchen
sxove. He then set it adrift, and was his
own master. T*/7/7777T//r
Judging by appearances the affair would
not be bad for camping out for a lew days,
but for a continuous residence would be
rather damp. Old Henry, however, is as
happy as can be. He comes . and goes
when he pleases and nobody dare say a
word to him. He generally keeps his raft
tied to the shore by a long rope and
anchored at the other end — that is, when
he is aboard. When he wants to go ashore
he takes hold of the rope and pulls until
land is reached. His cookstove is an
affair made of sheet iron, but answers his
purpose. In fact, he i. satisfied with any
thing so long as he does not have to pay
rent.
HORSE-SWAPPING IN GEORGIA.
A Lively Sceno on the First Tuesday
of Each Moot!.. -
Did you ever attend a real first Tuesday
horse-swapper . convention, and wade
around in the mud and listen to the swag
ger and bluff indulged in by the devotees
of the boneyard? . Did you never stand
around and listen to the hilarious greeting
to one another. as they ride, drive, lead,
drag and God only knows how they do get
some of the rips into" town? Did you never
take a survey of the limping, halting caval
cade of four-for-a-penny stock, of which
you can never see one so had but that an
other is worse, all drawn up on first Tues
days to be swapped? Then, dear reader,
you can tolerate a brief pen picture of a
real horse-swappers' convention, where
liquid stimulants are required to give gab
as well as cheek to the trader. Judgment
is not so much required, as there is hardly
a bare possibility of loss in any trans- i
action that may occur. .
''How'll you swap?" cries one wouldbe
trader with a limping jade with both
bowlegs and knockknees and of such stock
the more a man owns the poorer he is.
"Right," is the answer of another trader
with a sway-backed, big-legged shadow
that couldn't chew a lump of mush. '."■'•"
"Come this way and swap for the gray
mare, just 9 years old (none of them are
older than 9). I want to trade her for a
horse." And if such a trade is made, in
three minutes the same man is shouting a
proposition to trade that horse for a mare
or a mule. Apfp/p'-AA- T
Whips and spurs are in constant demand
to keep awake or induce a stir among the
stacks of bones that wearily drag about on
exhibition, where every apology is made
for any defects that may be apparent. The
spavin-legged, A. hobbling skeleton of a
horse, it is explained, fell through abridge
a few days previously and slightly injffred
his limb, but of course will be all right in
a day or two. The swcenied shadow is
tender- fo*>ted if bare, and pricked with a
nail if shod, while some better looking
horse, doctored up for the occasion, but
which in all probability is not. worth the
club it would take to knock him in the
head, is represented to be hopelessly
afflicted with every disease that horseflesh
is heir to. By such representation the real
condition of the horse is adroitly concealed
and a "go back," as they call it* for cheat
ing is estopped, because the horse was
represented to have every conceivable
complaint, though his appearance did not
indicate it. -7;
All sorts of jeers were thrown out with
the shouting banters that are heard every
where, such as, "How'll you swap that
racehorse for a pint of peanuts?" or "How
much boot will you give between that
stump-sucker and a bee course?"
These sallies are given good-humoredly
and received in the same spirit. Horses
are exchanged for pocket-knives, pistols,
watches, sulkies, dogs, anything. Last
Tuesday one man exchanged his horse for
a cow, and, saddling her up, he mounted
and rode around, bantering others for a
trade, with as much complaisance as ever.
And tnere is another wonderful feature
about this business. Every boneyard
trader, when his dozen trade? are made
and his day's work finished, returns home
at night to bras of what he has made
during the day. but the most astute
financier would be greatly puzzled to
figure out his profits. Any man, it would
seem, could discover the "loss incident to
and growing out of his possessions.
But this is a brief account of business on
the boueyards of Carrollton on each re
curring first Tuesday.— Carrollton (Ga.)
Times. ' ;y --
Professor Archibald Geikie, the dis
tinguished British geologist, is coming to
the United States soon on a lecturing
tour. 7777'
NEW TO-DAT-AMUSEMENTS.
THE AUDITORIUM,
Corner of Eddy and Jones sts.
Fbieblaxdep., Gottlob A Co., Lessees&Managers
FRIDAY, SATURD.\v7si\DA¥ EYEMSGS,
SATURDAY and SUXDAY MATIEES,
February 28th, 29th and March Ist,
Triumphant Transcontinental Tour
PEERLESS BAND
..--EMINENT MOSIGIANS--.0
AMERICA'S MARCH KING,
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA
/P.yp;y ■ CONDUCTOR;
BRILLIANT ASSISTING ARTISTS :
BUSS MYK-TA FRENCH, Soprano.
MISS CUKKIE DUKE, Violinist.
* MR. ARTHUR PKYOR, Trombone.
Reserved seats on sale at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s,
Sutter and Kearny sts., commencing with Tues-
day next at 9 a. m.
PRICES— SOc. 75c and $1. .' '•
Box-office open from 9 a. h. to 6 T. xt.
BALDWIN THEATER-Extra.
POSITIVELY ETNAS RECITAL!
PADEREWSKI
TO SIGHT (-BUMP, FEBRUARY 23.
PRICES: £2, S3, 5*5, according to location.
Beats now selling at box-office.
Programme for Might :
Chromatic Fantasia and Fugue.' Bach
Sonata, appassionata. F minor, Op. 57.. Beethoven
Allet.ro assai; Andante con moto (variations).
Allegro ma non troppo; Fresto.
Serenade, "Hark, Hark, the Lark" )
"Soiree de Vienne" /-Schubert-Liszt
"Erlking"'.. ....;' ...J .-.'
Nocturne, B major, Op. 62 :....*(
Sonata, B flat minor, Op. 35, with | "■-*.
" Funeral March [ r , r ,\r7
Valse, V flat major. Op. 64....;..... f «-nopin
Mazurka, B flat minor, On. 24, N0. 4 |
Polonaise, A flat, Op. 53 J . A pyy
Nocturne, B flat, 00. 36, No. 4... Paderewski
"Rhapsodie Ilonprolse," No. 12 Liszt
>TAICDLAfIDi;R.COTTLOD«» G>- p»A»iMMtt*"-
CAN'T TO-
YOU NIGHT .'-:
COME ?
If not come any day T'.-'T
See CHARMING KATIE PUTNAM
QLiXLJME KIL
'■- A Good Company, a Thrilling Flay and Delight-
ful Little GERTIE CARLISLE between the acts.
SEATS— 25c, 50c and 75c.
SHOOT THE CHUTES
. AND »■'
TRIP THE TROLLEY!
Open To-Day From 10 A. M. to II P. M.
This Afternoon at 4:30,
ROBERT; BARLSTON
Will make a Balloon Ascension, Parachute Drop
. ... and Headlong Leap ! '
• ADMISSION— r—— — 10 CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go^ Round j Ride), 10c
RACINGI RACINGI RACING!
CALIFORNI-VJOCKEY CLUB.
T'-—— -WINTER MEETING:-— -'
Beginning: Thursday, February 20.
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday,' Wednesday, Thursday,
■■ Friday and Saturday.'* Rain or Shine. '
• FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH HAY. y y
- . • ' Races Start at 2 :00 P. M. sharp.' ' .
1 1 McAllister and Geary street cars pass the gate.
R. B. MILROY. • THO*-. H. WILLIAMS JR., ■• .....
. . Secretary. •: President. : i
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
Ell! I HM(i-t_f ' L TO-SIGHT (SUNDAY), FIML RECITAL
f^^lmSk^' PADEREWSKI.
ANNUAL ENGAGEMENT OF THE FAVORITE ACTOR,
FREDERICK WARDE,
AND HIS CELEBRATED COMPANY.
TWO WEEKS, -^gSJSS.?? O -- FEBRUARY 24
■ ■ .In Magnificent Scenic Productions of Classic Romance and Tragedy.
Pi-EisT t^beb:— -Pto_vr_ft.iia"C-_i !
MONDAY, WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY EVENINGS and SATURDAY MATINEE, d'Ennery's
• Roman; la -Drama,
"THE MOUNTEBANK
TUESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENINGS-Carleton's Picturesque Venetian Love Story
"THE LION'SMOUTH !"
SATURDAY EVENING— OnIy Performance of Sheridan Knowles' Tragedy, Mr. Warde's Masterpiece,
".yrji_m.G'__zisri_:TJ&_>>
SECOND WEEK— GRAUD PRODUCTION OF TRAGEDY-
SUNDAY NIGHT, March I— First Appearance in San Francisco, MARSICK,
' ■ • ' ■ the 'Great Violin -Virtuoso. '.
/AUPOniIRS LAST TIME
%» THEATRE I ''"'' MR. THOMAS KEENE
TO-NIGHT (Sunday .LOUIS __S_LX_
MONDAY NIGHT, FEB. 24, AND BALANCE OF WEEK
The Idol cf the Fun-Making World,
o"OX_sX__rsr
NELLY McHENRY
And Her Excellent Farce-Comedy Company, presenting the Enchanting, Effervescent,
Lyrical, Cycio- .Novelty ior the first time in San Francisco,
THE BICYCLE GIRL!
In All Her New and Gorgeous Splendor and Everything "Up-to-Date," with
BRIGHT MUSIC ! CATCHY SONGS ! - PKETTY DANCES ! BKAVTIFUL GIRLS!
ELABORATE COSTUMES AND EFFECTIVE SCENERY!
IVXC>-XrX>-_sL.**sr, I-larcliie:.. ■**]Vt-Ba:iOO"
HSAN FRANCISCO'STGREAT MUSIC HALL.
ERECTED AND ESTABLISHED BY GUSTAV WALTER IN 1886.
O'Farrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24,
STILL THE TIDE OF TALENT FLOWS WESTWARD!.
CELEBRITIES FROM EUROPE ASD THE EAST !
BROS. DIANTAS,
Eccentriqucs Acrobates et Musicaux, Direct from the Folies Bergeres, Farts
FOREMAN AND FANNAN,
Character Comedians and Dancers, from the Tivoli, Sydney, N. 3. Vf.
THE ROSSLEYS,
Original Irish Comedians, from Tony Pastor's, New York.
ROBERT ELLIS,
f- _ Tenor Robusto Soloist. Late of the Duff Opera Company.
THE PANTZER BROS.
LAST WEEK OF-
CARROLL JOHNSON and BILLY CARTER.
j___-3XrJE>
OUR POPULAR VAUDEVILLE COMPANY.
MATINEE TO=DAY (SUNDAY), FEB. 23.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c; Children. 10c. any part of the house.
GROVER'S ALCAZAR.
COMMENCING- -P-H_3K,T_J_A.fe,'2- £-4, 1898, '
THE CARLETON OPERA COMPANY!
j SS s I W. T. CARLETON K:^sSas^? !•'
Presenting Standard, English and Light Operas at POPULAR "PRICES.
The first time THE CARLETON OPERA COMPANY has appeared In San Francisco for less
: -'- .. ... than $1 50.
WEEK OF FEBRUARY 24 Sir Julius Benedict's Masterpiece,
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY!
SPECIAL SCENERY ! INCREASED ORCHESTRA ! CORRECT COSTUMES !
PRlCES— Orchestra, 75c; Dress Circle, 50c, 35c and 25c; Balcony, 50c, 35c and 25c.
Admission ' 25c and 1 5c.
NOTE— In no opera-house in the world where smoking and drinking do not constitute a
part of the revenue has opera been given at such moderate prices. //y.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO .....Sole Lessee and Manager
TO-MORROW EVENING - - - - MONDAY, FEBRUARY 34,
A MARVEL OF REALISM AND INTERESTI,
HOWARD TAYLOR'S MASTERPIECE
"PULSE OF NEW YORK!"
i 1 : — .' The Thrilling Piledriver 5cene.'.......*... I ■
AMONG THE The Elevated Railroad 'WHf.'H YOU
FEATURES j ...The East River Pier..... ....:..; ! MUST SEE
I The Sensational Fire Scene i
AND WHICH YOU WILL NEVER FORQETI
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
VjTyywT&j
4_^ ALCAZAR
—MATINEE TO-DAY—
Last performances of the great play,
FAUST AND MARGUERITE !
Ice-cream and cake to all at the matinee.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c. 7
Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Monday— The Carleton Opera Company.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
50th Carr-Beel Saturday Pop Concert!
February 29th, at 3:15 P. M.
■MR. CHARLES J. DYER Vocalist.
MR. SIGMOID BEEL, Soloist.
Admission 50 Cents. . '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Kreli.n-o, Proprietor A Manager
— — THIS EVENING—^-
Splendid Electric Production
"DER FREISCHUTZ"
OR
-♦THE SEVEN CHARMED BULLETS"
The Most "Wondrous Brock en Scene Ever
blipwn in This City.
CAST INCLUDES*-
— — IDA VALEKGA
. Kate Marchi, '■■ John .J. RaOurl,
Martin . l>aclle ' Marcel Perron,
% .-TV. H. est, -;, Arthur Boyce.
Grand Chorus ! Superb Orchestra!
'Next Opera-"RIP VAN* WINKLE."
Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
GOLDEN* GATE HALL, ONE NIGHT,
. TUESDAY, PEBRCARY 35.
Bewildering and Fascinating Manifestations,
presenting in the full glare of a brilliantly lighted
stage, by PROFESSOR ZACZIC. the White
Mahatma, ass sted by MME. ANNA ZAUZIC,
Rosicrucian Soninom'st and Modern Witch of
Endor.. the. Queerest. Quaintest, Most Marvelous
and : Mystifying Entertainment ever presented to
public. Doors open a'. 7 o'clock. Carriage!
may be ordered for 10 o'clock.
2324
IN CHILDHOODS
REALM
y|- TT OW many of you, my dear chil- j
L= I dren, have ever seen the city of
I i; Washington or sailed down the
JX _j___L beautiful Potomac River to
Mount Vernon, where the great
Father of his Country lived and died? If
any of you have done so I am sure that
you will cherish it as one of the very
brightest spots in your childhood mem
ories.
I took just such a trip one day in Febru
ary a few years ago, and if you don't mind
I will tell you what I saw and heard and
thought while doing so.
It was Washington's Birthday eight
years ago. The winter was just about to
co away and leave the sky and earth all
ready for the spring. The beautiful j
steamer, which a rich Danker of Washing
ton had given for the public use in carry
ing people down daily to Mount Vernon, i
left the capital about 10 o'clock in the
morning with a great crowd of people on :
board. As it moved away from the pier
and out into the stream of the beautiful .
river I thought of the time when Wash- |
ington was a boy and when no such things j
as steamboats had been dreamed of, and ,
there was no city at all where the splendid !
city of his name now stands.
The great Washington monument which
rose before my sight upon the bank of the
river seemed to me to be a reminder of !
the tall, straight youth who, about a
century and a half ago, had wandered
along the sedgy edges of the Potomac or !
stood beside its borders dreaming out a
future for himself as he watched the sail- '
ing ships go slowly and gracefully by and
longed to be a sailor. You remember,
children, that the boy Washington wanted j
once so badly to go to sea that he made ;
ready and was about to get on board a yes- •
sel when his mother's love called him back I
home again.
Well, the steamer took me on down the i
river toward Mount Vernon, and after a j
while stopped at the quaint old town of .
Alexandria, which was quite a village \
when Washington was a boy. Here we i
went on shore for a while and* were shown '
the streets along which he played as a i
ctdld and the spot upon the river bank at •
which he stood and threw a stone across i
the Potomac, and other things of interest I
associated with the youth of this great
man. Then the whistle blew and the i
steamer started on down the winding j
river past the hill and hollows where the
boys of Fairfax Court had hunted and
lished and enjoyed themselves as the boys
of that early time knew how to do.
Presently the white houses and little
pier of Mount Vernon came in view, and
ull at once the steamer stopped in mid- i
stream. We waited in silence for a i
moment wondering what was the matter,- j
when over the water rang the soft tolling
of the steamer bell, and then we remem- !
bered that ever since the death of Wash
ington every ship which sails by Mount
Vernon pauses in its course and tolls its
bell in reverence for his memory. When
the bell ceased its measured monotone ihe <
steamer band . began to play softly and
sweetly that beautiful melody, "Mount [
Vernon Bells." and then as if by a com- 1
THE LITTLE MAID'S REPLY.
The little maiden opened wide the door
To let the honored Washington depart: •
The great -souled General, her mother's friend-
The first in war, in peace, in every hear*..
".A. "better office to you, dear," said he,
_A.x_.cl placed his hand benignly on her head.
With curtesy quaint and reverent, smiling glance-
Yes, sir; to let you in," she archly said.
—Charles Lee, in St. Nicholas.
mon impulse we all commenced (to sing
the song to which its music is set.
Where Potomac's stream is flowing
Virginia's borders through;
Where the lie-winged ships are going,
Sailing to the ocean blue.
And so on through ali the verses of the
| noble song. Then "the steamer drew to
i the shore, and so ended my trip down the
Potomac to Mount Vernon. Some day
perhaps I will tell you what I .aw at that
lovely place, which is sacred for all time to
us as the home of Washington.
The Flag liaising on Washington's
Birthday;
Probably it will make no difference if
the precise latitude and longitude of the
large town of Cambridge, which was just
reaching a size when it was in order and
quite proper for it to become a city, is not
•given. It was in the Empire State, not on
j the Hudson, Mohawk, Niagara, or any
1 other river of sufficient importance to in
dicate its location, though it had a num-
I ber of minor streams tbat turned the
j wheels of its manufactories. The reader
: will have to take it for granted that it ex
! isted somewhere in the imperial State and
! it would be useless to look for it on the
j map.
Gainbridge was large enough and pro
j gressire enough to have an excellent high
' school, in which were taught Greek and
Latin for those who were going to college,
' and French, German, geometry and Eng
lish for those who were not. It was big
enough also to have a bank with a capital
of a quarter of a million, whereof General
, Loam mi Gainbridge was the president, as
I well as the richest and best-known man of
i the large town just budding into city hood.
I These two institutions are the only ones
that need to be mentioned.
November generally gives us a mild sea
son before the snows come, and January
or February often brings a soft season be
fore the flowers pick their way out of the
j wet soil, which might be called the abo
riginal summer; and it was in such a sea
son, from the 20th to the end of the
latter month, that the first class of the
Gainbridge high school gathered on the
lawn beside the building to take their
luncheon-and enjoy an atmosphere which
was more like June than any month of
winter.
It was the 21st of the month, and the
i young ladies and young gentlemen were ;
intensely engaged in the discussion of a i
subject brought before them by Philip j
Blanker, whose father was the teller of the
bank, and his full name was George W. i
Blanker; and if his middle name was a
mystery it was solved the next day at j .
Lake Washington.
The teller wished to be a much bigger
man than he was and looked forward to '
the time when he should be president of '
the Gain bridge Bank. The sheet ot water '
on his own land was small, but very
pretty, and he thought of calling it, when !
it came to need a name. Lake Blanker, but
his wife objected, and he compromised by '
giving it his middle name rather than that
of the patriot hero who has been revered
and honored as the father of his country. ■
Mr. Blanker had decided to christen the
lake and hoist the American flag on a pole
erected for the purpose, on the border of ',
; the lake nearest to his house on Washing- j
i ton's birthday, though it would have ]
(A TRUE INCIDENT.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 3 896.
suited him better to have the ceremony on
his own natal day. As nothing could be
done in the United States without an
oration and the singing of an ode, he in
vited the president of the bank to make
the oratorical effort and the first class of
the high school to sing the ode, which had
been written by the principal of that insti
tution. A collation was to be served on
that occasion, to which the scholars were
invited and some of the magnates of the
town. Ayp; .-'pPz;.-y-
This celebration was the subject of the
conversation on the schoolhouse lawn.
"America," the ode. and the "Star
spangled Banner" had been rehearsed.
The artillery company of Gainbridge was
to be present. and fire off all the cannon at
once at the moment when the new "Old
Glory," purchased by the teller, was flung
loose to the breeze. Then the National
anthem was to follow and the ode in con
clusion. ,
"What do you think?" exclaimed Lucy
Archer. "Conrad and Olga Binfield are
not to be with us!" \ ,*- : 7N,*
"Do you mean to say, Lucy, they will not
be present?" demanded Phoebe' Blanker,
the teller's daughter. And the two who
were to be absent were the son and daugh
ter of the cashier.
"That is what I mean to say, and I have
the information from Olga herself," added
I Lucy. "They have always led the singing,
and Conrad is about the only fellow that
I can sing bass." '••: ;.
The statement of Lucy Archer had cre
ated a sensation and something like a panic
among the pupils. It had promised to be
a great occasion for them, and their hopes
appeared to be suddenly blighted. Conrad
and Olga had taken no part in tne conver
sation and were seated apart from the
others, and any one who had looked into
their faces would have seen only a picture
of despair in each, though both of them
were ordinarily bright and cheerful. They
were the best scholars in the school, as
they were the leaders of the sports and
amusements of both sexes. Now they
looked as though they had not a single
friend in the whole world.
General Gainbridge, whose ancestors
were honored in the name of the town,
was an honest and just man, but he was
Washington's Birthday m the School
room.
"If George hart been a girl and hart dressed in
female clo'es, would behave been the mother Of his
country, do you b'j'ose?"— Harper's Round Table.
severe in his judgments. The cashier, a
German who had modified his name so
! that Americans could pronounce it, was
! an educated man and a musician of the
{ highest order, and his wife was his equal
as an artist. He bad left his native land
i twenty years before under apolitical cloud
] which he might have turned aside if he
i had been less honest and more subservient
i to the wishes of his superiors in .office.
Mr. Binnfield had brought with him his
■ independence of character. He had been
the manager of a bank in Berlin and was
a very aole financier. But he never cot
along well with General Gainbridgp. Some
of them said the magnate was jealous of
him because he had mentioned' in the be
ginning as the president of the bank by
i some of the wisest men in the town.
One day he reported to the president
i that a box containing $10,000 in gold was
missing and must have been stolen from
the vault. Of course this discovery cre
ated a tremendous excitement at the meet
ing of the directors called to receive the
announcement. 'Without tracing the
matter through all its details, a detective
was sent for and he questioned everybody
about the premises, from the president
down to the janitor, who was also the
watchman. At the meeting of the board
to hear his report he declared his belief in
the most positive manner that the rob
bery was committed either by the teller or
the cashier. ' ,~'\v-'"
. Further inquiry in regard to the two
officials proved that the cashier had spent
his evenings, sometimes till a late hour, at
the bank, for a week before the discovery
that the box was. missing. The teller
always went home as soon as he had bal
anced his cash, and not a suspicious cir
cumstance pointed at him. Mr. Binn
field was called before the directors and
questioned by all of them, including the
most expert lawyer in the place, who at
tempted to browbeat the cashier into
making a confession, but he was as inde
pendent as he had always been.
He admitted that he had spent his even
ings for a week at the bank to investigate
a discrepancy in the teller's accounts, and
pointed it out very precisely to the board
in the books. His brother, who was a
farmer in the country, had called twice
for him at the request of Mrs. Binnfield.
The detective was present, and used all his
efforts to make the cashier contradict
himself, but Mr. Binnfield answered every
question promptly and looked every one
who spoke to him squarely in the face.
The result was that the cashier was ar
rested and committed to the county jail,
and this was only the night before the meet
ing of- the scholars -on the lawn ol the
school. Most oi the solid men of the town
refused to believe that the cashier was
guilty, and the teller was not even sus
pected by any one. The wife 'and the
children of the accused were in the greatest
distress, as well may be supposed. In the
evening of his committal Mr. Binnfield
had written a long and most affectionate
letter to them, aflirming his innocence in
the strongest terms. He advised that his
son and daughter should continue their
studies at school, and for this reason only
they were there, but they could not engage
in a frolic at such a time. '...
[to be concluded next week.]
Amusing Incidents.
Did you ever hear of any one craving a
nickel? Well, th-.t is what a little boy
said to his mother one day. He wished to
buy a toy which he had seen displayed in
a show-window, and had been teasing for
a nickel. Finally, when he saw that it
was doubtful about his receiving the
money, he said: "Oh, mamma, I just crave
a nickel!" - - : " .
A little boy felt sick. His head ached
very badly, but after his mother bathed it
and fixed him comfortablvin his own lit
tle bed he felt better. Then he said to his
mamma: "I feel just like having it good
cry." "All right, darling. I'm willing;
just cry as hard as you please, then per
haps you'll feel better." .* \ :
"But,', mamma," said the little fellow,
"I haven't anything to cry about."
As grandma and Bessie were going to
the grapevines Bessie saw a snake in the
grass. In excited tones she called: "Grand
ma, come quick and see! Here is a little
snake. He is all green; he hasn't begun
to ripen .
DONALD SERIES NO. XVII.
Donald's walk. ' . .-'.-.-• -"■
One beautiful Sabbath afternoon Donald
went out for a walk, his great big papa on
one side of him and his little mamma on
the other. . \*
After they had walked for two or three
blocks they found that they were standing
at the top of a very steep hill.
In order to get to the beach, where they
wished to go, they had to descend that
hill. So they got on a cable car and how
fast they did ride down that hill! '
Then out of the car they jumped and
walked past the large works where gas
is made. Donald enjoyed himself very
much looking at the large build
ings with the immense pipes stretching
out of them up toward the sky, the huge
tanks and the great piles of coal in the
yard.
Next they saw a Chinese vegetable
garden down in a hollow, at one end of
which was a redwood cabin. Something
very amusing happened just then." '•"""
Some naughty boys, armed with rocks,
came along 7 'As they ran by they threw
the rocks with terrible force at the shanty,
which was the home of the hard-working
gardeners.
In a jiffy out rushed four or five China
men with clubs and poles. Off they
started with a speed like lightning after
the boys, jabbering away in their queer
language all of the time, and looking very
comical with blouses and pigtails flying
out behind.
They were quite angry, and the boys had
hard work to keep ahead of their pursuers.
Donald did not wait to see whether they
were caught or not, but he thought they
were very naughty boys.
At last they reached" the beach and Don
ald had a fine time playing in the cool
sand, and remained long enough to build
quite a large house. *•
Papa pointed out to his little son the
pretty white-sailed boats which dotted
here and there the beatiful bay. ;-~v- .-j
He also saw a large ship being brought
in by a funny little steam tug that "puffed
and blowed'' at a terrible rate. Then,
when the bright light at Alcatraz shone
out over the water they turned homeward
past the vegetable gardens, the gas works
and up, up the steep hill again.
When they stepped from the car the
new moon was shining in the sky. Was
it. really the new moon, my tiny boys?
I'm sure Donald did not think it was, be
cause this is what I heard him say to his
papa: :, - :^i
"Papa why is just a little of the moon
shiny to-night and the rest of it so dark? '
"Perhaps the great dragon who lives in
the sky has taken a bite out of him?" an
swered papa. • ' - . '
"No, I think Mr. Moon is playing that
he is a burglar and has a black mask on,'.'
said the child with a merry laugh.
"Maybe," said papa, "he is going to
steal some green cheese."
When they reached their home Donald
was as hungry as a bear after his long
walk, and when his brother heard how
much he had seen he wished that he had
been along, too.
The Editor's Letter-Be* ,
A very interesting and correct sketch of
the life of Washington, written by
Jeanette C. Talfour, aged 9 years, has been
received, but owing to lack of space it is
impossible to publish it to-day; but we
shall be glad to receive another letter from
this bright little girl.
Once more, dear children, please write
only on one side of your paper, and do
not expect to have your letters corrected
after they have been received by the
editor.
Answers for February 16.
I. GEORGE WASHINGTON.
1. Ton. 2. Gorge. 3. Washing. 4. Orange.
5. Ear. 6. Rage. 7. Sad. 8. War. 9. Town.
10. Sage. 11. Hot. 12. Hat. 13. Grain.
11. THE FATHER OF HIS COUNTRY.
Answers required.
The following is a proverb with two certain
letters omitted throughout:
W_ D th cts wy th mic will ply.
1. What great act was passed in March?
-. Are there any holidays in March?
If so, what are they and by whom and
why celebrated?
An enigma composed of seven letters.
My 3, 8, 7 is to place.
My 1,6,7 is food for cattle.
My 1, 2, 3 is used in masonry.
My 4 is a personal pronoun.
My 2, 4, 3 U a liquid.
My 3. 4, 5 Is a covering.
My 2, 1 is an exclamation.
My whole is always welcome to the school
boy and girl.
San Francisco. Feb. 18, 1896.
To the Editor of the Children's Page— Dear Sir:
My answer to lust Sunday's riddles are as fol- i
lows: 1. Ton. 2. Range. 3. Washing. v 4.
Orange.. 5. Far and nose. 6. Terror. 7. .
i. War. 9. Hair. 10. Wheat.
The name is George Washington. I remain,
yours truly, . ■■: : ...-<..r^- <■; .%■■ v-.
Agnes Donovan, age 13 years.
P-'/v ; Tara Street, )
San Francisco, Cal., Feb. 11, 1896.
My name is Blanch Goodwin. I am rive
Fears old. My sister's name is Thelma. She is
nine months old.
Santa brought me a doll with real hair. ' ! v
I have six paper dolls. I don't go to school.
Mama teaches me at home. I know all my
letters, and can print them.
1 would love to see this in the children's page
aext Sunday. Your friend,
Blanch Goodwin.
San Francisco, Feb. 16, 1896.
Editor Children's Page— Dear Sir: I will try
»o answer the puzzles given in to-day's Call. '
The word contains sixteen letters. I take
jcorgc Washington as the answer to the first
question. . . ,
1. Ton— 2ooo pounds. 2- Rent. S. Washing
md irons. 4. Oranges. 5. Ears and nose. (>.
A'rath, rage, ire. 7. Regret. 8. War. 9. Site,
irea, seat. 10. Washington? 11. Heat. 12.
:iair, hat. 13. Wheat. •
answer to rebus.
1. "The father of his country." '' *-'. '
2. As a boy George Washington liked best to
•tody mathematics, In which he was largely
self-taught.
3. He received but little schooling, his edu
cation being but elementary and very defect
ve. ;.?iv;v.n '-.'":.
4. He was considered great as a general and
;la teaman and great because he caused Eng
and to surrender what she claimed as. her
•ights and forced her to recognize the inde
pendence of the United States. ,
5. Mount Vernon,
6. Ships follow the custom of tolling their
jells while passing the sacred burial place at
Mount Vernon. Yours truly, .'.<■■
Alice M. Bell, age 13.
1923 Geary street. __ :^ : Vv.-
San Francisco, Feb. 9, 1896.
To the Editor of the Children's Page: I am
rery much interested in the children's page,
(specially in the Donald series, and often wish
ABftln " t r e a < ! the atory °' the hatChCt *** r- ' So be p^ce hiS little hatchet ***-** hastened to the Who led him to the woodpile, and in a Toice of
ADd I»reri«_li"„m h?™ chol '' > - I - and a -^Wl-e^found his daddy waiting with a set, Said, su' you 'want to chop, sir, chop "We fire
x resident will be. v ;i- *r ,. determined face, ; .' . ; _ ,i P. ...... wood for your maw.'" -.olden Days.
|[@r@ o^ tike
%Pfo®. BoV@s ta the rEt?!.*
tefthewfee fig*} (fun I
a Tfe@y do bed lb ©ro feflj feaik,
f Ar)^ ftfoimfc Cq@ .mill ffMißft
V :'■*": //A ■ yz-yy'A
O V
' Ink jt«?^j with & JM^p N ,
Affld 6?OV@« fiG-ftinlS ©(n)®<&
<_? V' i» :
v A tern Ms fewiAA)®
ILLUSTRATED BY H. COVEY, AGED 15.
there were two pages. As Washington's birth
day is drawing near I thought I would write a
few items about him, been use he did so much
for our country. George Washington was born
in Virginia, February 22, 1732. His education
was directed by his mother, and he was father
less at the age of 11. Washington wo.-- over 0
feet in height, graceful and perfectly erect. He
died on the 14th of December. I must close
now, hoping my letter will be published in
next Sunday's Call. Yours truly.
. Katie 11 brand,
Age 11 years, 1712 Eddy street.
South San Francisco, Cal.. Feb. 2, 1896.
Dear Mr. Editor: I am a little girl, 9 years
old. My name is Annie Martha Doering. I
will tell you how I got my name Martha. I
was born on Washington's birthday, February
1886. -';
I must close, hoping this will be published
in next Sunday's Call. I am, your new friend,
• • Annie M. Doering.
P. S.— wish that there was two paces of the
Children's Realm, instead of one page.
1122 Seventh street, South San Francisco, Cal.
San Francisco, Feb. 18, 1896.
Mr. Editor: I am 13 years of age and read
The Call every morning. I never can wait till
Sunday morning comes when you publish the
boys' and girls' page. There are very interest
ing stories for boys and girls. There is also a
letter-box and puzzles and rhymes. I will now
close my letter, as I have no more to write.
Yours truly, > : Milton Weinshenk.
San Francisco, Cal.. Feb. 16, 1896.
Editor of Children's Page: My uncle takes The
Call and I like the children's page very much.
I wish there was a page every day. I think the
answer to the puzzle is:
The heart of his country.
Eth hreat fo ihs cnytour.
Yours truly. Aline Brooks,
- ' 72.»'.j Stevenson street.
P. S. I hope the answer is right. I never
answered or guessed one before, so I do not
know what to do. y. '-,-. - , Aline L. Brooks,
''£-,' 7,. - Care of Mrs. Ur-juhart.
San Francisco, February 16, 1896.
Editor Children's Page— Dear Sir: I think
you mean George Washington. It has sixteen
letters. 1. A name, George Washington. 2.
Ton, 2000 pounds. 3. A mountain gorge, rent.
4. Something found in the laundry, washing.
5. A tropical fruit, orange. 6. A part of the
head, car or nose. 7. Anger, rage. 8. Sorrow,
tears. 9. Strife of nations, honor. 10. Place,
Georgetown. 11. Ethan (of the noah east),
Wiseman. 12. A degree of temperature, hot.
13; A head covering, hat. 14. The food of
millions, wheat. .
-.The entire answer means George Wash
ington. '
My answers are as follows for next
Sunday:
1. The father of his country.
2. George Washington like mathematics to
study best.
3. He had a common school education and
. - . - .
A TALE OF WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
SIR DONKEY.
/\ t\ *_____*__
W- IRS ffl %h®y jay 'S-3 -
Te glnKw feaj jwirpo-j'3,
<d©<g@s (be 5 @^@j
CAS
only went to school five years, from 11 to 16
years of age.
4. He was the first president of the United
States, and besides, never told a lie.
5.' He is buried at Mount Vernon.
6. Ships follow the custom of tolling their
bells when passing the sacred burial place at
Mount Vernon. Lillie Pearl Mitchell,
12 years old. 6 Elliott Park.
PETS OF HONDUKAS.
The Country Is a Veritable Paradise
for Them.
Honduras seems a paradise for pets.
Parrots of every size, from that of a spar
row to the great green macaw, three feet
long or more, can clamber all over and
about the house and never know a cage.
Chachalacas trot through the patios or
courts of the houses in the towns, and bit
terns stalk disconsolate about. Fawns and
children play together in many a yard,
and coons and sometimes an armadillo are
playmates for the little ones, who have few
dolls. In the Sambo hamlet of Ulin a
tame ant-eater was offered to me, and
while we talked of it a woman came in
leading a gibeonite, which took occasion
to nibble at its owner's bare heels while
she bargained.
As I lay in a hammock in a Walkna hut
one day a peccary came within my reach.
With a convenient stick I ventured to
scratch his brown and bristly back. Down
he flopped on his side and grunted in sweet
content as long as the tickling went on.
From that moment he was ray ardent,
much too ardent, friend and faithful fol
lower. I could net go ten steps without
finding him at my heels, and his jealousy
was as instant as it was fierce. Woe to
the dog that dared come near me. A sud
den rush, a quick upward thrust of those
gleaming tusks and there was a bleeding
gash in that dog's quarters, if he. was not
agile beyond the average of dogs. And the
snapping of those tusks was a sound that
was most sugeestive, particularly to a
white man groping in the dark for the !
olla that holds the drink. Peccaries are
not really the nicest of pets for people
: whose visitors are nervous.— Outing.
Alfred de Rothschild wears the most
gorgeous cuff links. His cuffs, instead of
fastening under the arm, fasten directly
over the back of the hand, with double
links consisting of two big pearls, one
black, the other white, surrounded by
diamonds of large size. Mr. de Roths
child wears, like the Prince of Wales, a
heavy gold cable bracelet that occasionally
is much in evidence.
NEW to-pat; .
Wfi HOLAN BROS,
rf J SHOE BROS.
t I SHOE GO.
WE willlive away
100,000 of the Best Quality
Rubber Balls.
Can be seen in our windows.
Playing Ball is the healthiest exercise any one
can indulge in.
We Will Give
A Rubber Ball
With Every Purchase of Shoes.
t We will also Give Away
50,000 Base Balls
To Boys Who Play Base BalL
One with every purchase of Shoes.
HEADQUARTERS
FOR
Tan-Colored Shoes
We will make a specialtv of
Tan Shoes !
White Canvas and
White Kid Shoes !
We have ordered enough to supply the Paclfla
Coast.
We Carry All Styles.
AH Prices
Ladies' Tan Oxfords From 51 00 up
■Ladies' Tan Button Shoes From $175 up
Misses' Tan Button Shoes, spring heels, sizes
11 V 3 to 2 From $1 '-'5 up
Children's Tan Button Shoes, spring heels,
sizes 8y 3 to 11 From $1 00 up
Children's Tan Button Shoes, spring heels.
sizes 5 to 8 From 85c up
Infants' Tan Eutton Shoes, sizes 1 to 5%
... ....From 40c up
Men's Tan shoes, all styles From $2 00 up
Boys' Tan Shoes From $1 50 up
NOTICE TO DEALERS.
We can sell you Tan Shoes cheaper
than you can import them, as we get
them by the carload.
WE HAVE
NO BRANCH STORE
ON MARKET STREET.
'Don't be misled by misleading signs.
Send' tia your address and we will
mail you our Catalogue, which shows
all the very latest styles at lowest
prices.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-811 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
PHELAX BUILUIXG.
Long Distance Telephone 5537.
ii^w,'iUfniim\ir,i\\rszx=ns^aß**'"<<'——*'mßa
FURNITURE
-_E*o__=L
4 ROOMS
"nr H sL 8 V ■ \=£r
$80.
Parlor— Silk Brocatelle, 5-Peice Suit, plush
trimmed.
Bedroom- 7-Peice Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
washstand, two chairs, rocker and table; pil-
lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dining-Koom— 6-Fooc Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs.
Kitchen— Kange, Patent Kitchen Table and two
Chairs. .
EASY PAYMENTS.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings. *
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
HOB" Free packing and delivery across the hay.
imiTriiiiiiiiMiii ____-________-__-________-B__--___-____--__W__M
|____l I ___■_■-• I -|>__HIW ■■ 11111-ll 1 mini 11 1
WALL PAPER!
JAS. DUFFY & CO.
Have REMOVED to
No. 20 Geary Street.
GREAT REDUCTION
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS
TO HAKE ROOM FOR THE NEW
WINDOW SHADES
'•' Any Color, Size or Kind.
WHOLESALE AND- — RETAIL.
COAL! COAL!
Wellington *-_.?!? ..-
South tield 9 50 ....
Genuine Coos Bay 7 OO— Half toa 350
Seattle • tt 00— Half too 400
Bryant. ••'-'• h 00— Half toa "4 UJ
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
523 Howard Street. Near First.
iff\DEWEY &CGv**te_*V
■£"''• ' yaii 1 11— .-g_tJ_-_M-.-jv_aay,^' c XI
■E 3
V»i_b«^o MARKET st.s.fNSb*^Novelties IN THE Realms OF SCIENCE
LITERATURE
ANS ART.
THE recent remarkable discoveries
of Professor Roentgen when en
gaged in experimental work with
a Crookes tube have brought
prominently before the world the
name of William Crookes, a name that
was already famous in the world of science.
There are, indeed, few if any among the
scientific leaders of the latter half of the
nineteenth century who have had a more
brilliant and varied career than the author
of the vacuum tubes which have made
possible the recent startling developments
in photography.
He was born in London in 1832, and at
an early age turned his attention to pho
tography. After a course at the Royal
William Crookes. Inventor of the Crookes
Tube.
College of Chemistry under Dr. Hoffman,
during which, at the age of 17, he gained
the Ash burton scholarship, he became in
due time senior assistant to his tutor. His
rise was rapid, and at the age of 22 he was
appointed superintendent of the meteor
ological department of the Radciiffe Ob
servatory at Oxford. In lS5u he founded
the Chemical News, and five years later he
became editor of the Quarterly Journal of
Science.
Professor Crookes had a natural love for
original research, In IS6I, while examin
ing the residues from a sulphuric acid
works, he discovered the new metallic ele
ment, thallium. This was followed by his
election as a Fellow of the Royal Society.
It was hi? "delicate stereopticon investi
gations" in connection wilh the newly
discovered element "which led him to the
study of the 'rare earths.' which has
proved so fruitful in his hands."
The mining world is deeply indebted to
him for drawing attention to the to
for drawing attention to the value of
•radium amalgam in the extraction of gold.
At a later date he called in the aid of the
alternating electric current. This agent,
acting in concert with various mercurial
salts, and particularly with mercury
cyanide, has rendered possible the ex
traction of gold from highly refractory
ores. N_«3P
In 1879 he was at work on his investiga
tions on "Repulsion Resulting From Radia
tion," to which question his attention had
been drawn by his observing the action of
heavy pieces of glass which he was weigh
ing in a vacuum • balance, which, by the
way, was his own invention. In 1877 he
invented the otheoscope, and in the same
year science signified its indebtedness to
him by electing him a member of the Royal
Society. In a paper before the society he
stated that he had "succeeded in obtaining
a vacuum so nearly approaching perfection
that the pressure in it was only .4 mil
lionth of an atmosphere." These experi
ments led to very important results; for it
was found that in such an extreme
vacuum gases pass into an ultra-caseous
state, which Professor Crookes termed a
state of "radiant matter," and, further,
these extreme vacua opened up the way
for tbe incandescent lamp.
In addition to his extensive works in the
laboratory Professor Crookes has been a
voluminous contributor to the scientific
literature of the age. Among other works
he has written "A Handbook of Dyeing
and Calico Printing," "Select Methods in
Chemical Analysis," a manual of "Dye
ing ana Tissue Printing," a work on '-The
Solution of the Sewage Question.'' He
has translated and edited Reimann's "An
iline and Its Derivatives," Wagner's great ;
work on "Chemical Technology" and
many other works of scientific prominence
have emanated from his busy pen.
The splendid results which have at
tended Professor Crookes' labors are no t
to be attributed solely to his undoubted
genius for - experiment and observation, i
hey are largely the result of persistent
bard work carried out on logical lines and
with strict attention to method. He pos
sesses that "infinite capacity for taking
pains" which is indispensable to genius, if
its powers are to produce valuable, lasting
results. ' " * " •"
A Convenient Shower-Bath.
The convenient fold able attachment to
an ordinary bathtub shown in the illus
tration consists of a casing, along the sidss
and ends of which is a perforated pipe ar-
Mew Shower-Bath.
ranged to be connected by * hose with one
or both faucets of the bathtub. The sides
of the ■ box or casing. are connected by
hinges with the ends, and the latter, are
made in two parts, connected by hinges,
to permit tolding, as shown in the small
-.-"ire. WftaSWßMj^^
In the box are lues to support the per
forated pipe, and the bathtub is also
i'.referably supplied with lugs to support
*»c box in proper position, when the
!-»ther, by; raising and lowering himself
' box, can readily expose all parts of
body to the. jets of water.— Scientific
■American.
The Court of George IV.
f tare is not, the Westminster Gazette
. |J-^B, any very general demand for a
7j -'tr record than those already available
w -*• court of England under the last and
c orst - of the Georges. * The period has had
r.oth" iclers in plenty, and perhaps there is
»boi *-* of any importance to be told
But tV l that has not been told already.
* '"ere is no end to the record of the
1 jealousies " and junketings, the intrigues
and gossip, which were so prevalent ir
fashionable society when the First Gentle
man of Europe was Regent, and those whc
like to read about these things will find ir
a work just puolished under the title o:
"The Court of Eneland Under George IV
Founded on a Diary Interspersed witl
Letters Written by Queen Caroline and
•Various Other Distinguished Persons,"
much to interest them.
It consists to a large extent of extracts
from the diary of one a woman, clearly—
who was on intimate terms with the
Princess of Wales, and of a number o
letters written by that unhappy person
age, and by other lords and ladies whc
were her contemporaries. Some well
known literary men— Sir Walter Scott anc
Byron among them— in for occa
sional notice by the writers of the diarj
and the letters, and what is said about
them affords a pleasant relief from the
society chatter of which the text mainh
consists. The work covers the period
from 1810— when the Prince became Re
gent—to 1820, when he became King
and when , Princess Caroline died, and ar
air of mystery is given to the contents bj
the absence of an introduction or an-,
editorial comment whatever.
Everybody knows the .ad story ol
Princess Caroline. The writer of the diary
while not blind to the Princess' faults
thought her an exceedingly ill-used
woman. She was often with the Princess
and much of the first volume is a chroni
cle of her Royal Highness' sayings ant!
j doings. The Princess, of course, often
I spoke about her troubles to her intimate
J friends. "I, you know, was the victim o
i Mammon; the Prince of Wales' debt-
I must be paid, and. poor little I's person
I was the pretense." She blamed the fact
that tbe Prince had been compelled tc
marry her for all her subsequent trouble.
j "Had I come over hero as a Princess with
j my father on a visit; as* Mr. Pitt once
i wanted my father to have done, thing
! might have been different." But from the
i very first she was treated abominably. The
j story of the Trince Regent's conduct or
I the occasion of his marriage has often beer
! told. Here it is in the Princess' own words
"Judge," said she, "what it was to have i
, drunken husband on one's wedding day, anc
, one who passed the greatest part of his brida
' night under the grate, where he fell, anc
where I left him. If anybody say to me at dli
moment-^will you pass y our life over again oi
be killed? I would choose death; for you
know, a little sooner or later we must all die;
j but to live a life of wretchedness twice over—
I oh! mine God, no .-. ;
No doubt after the separation th.
j Princess did not always act wisely, and
as early as 1811 we learn that "the" pooi
Princess was losing ground every day in
the opinion of the public." But the writer
j subsequently adds, "To those who knew
i the Princess in the first days of her arrival
: in Britain, and the set by which she was
I surrounded, it musfeverbe apparent that
! ail her subsequent faults and follies ad
mitted of great extenuation" a conclusion
with which most people will agree.
Lord Brougham, who championed the
cause of the Queen, appears several times
in these pages. . He is described as "a man
of inordinate ambition and of little heart,"
but it is admitted that the Queen was in a
great measure indebted to him for the
brilliant termination of her trial. Here is
an extract in which is recorded the Queen's
last joke :
On the last day of the trial, when requested
to retire and take some refreshments she per
emptorily refused to do so, and on some persons
offering the Queen refreshments which thej
had brought for their own use she declined ac
cepting them, saying "I can take a chop at the
King's Head if lam hungry," alluding to the
tavern bearing that sisn near the House ol
Lords. There was much ready wit in that re
ply, but It was, perhaps, ill-timed, and she was
never afterward heard to make a joke or seer
to smile. -:'-.-'-
It is more pleasant to turn from those
unhappy incidents and note what the diary
and letters have to say concerning some oi
j the literary men.of the period. Here is an
interesting extract- from an Oxford letter,
dated March, 1811: ■■-*,:,
Talking of books, we have lately had a liter
ary Sunshine forth upon us here, before whom
our former luminaries -must hide their di
minished heads— a Mr. Shelley of University
College, who lives upon arsenic, aquafortis,
half an hour's sleep in the night, and despe
rately in love with the memory of Margaret
Nicholson. He hath published what h«- terms
the Posthumous Poems, printed for the benefit
of Peter Finnerty, which, I am grieved to say,
though stuffed full of treason, are extremely
dull; but the author is a great genius, and ii
he be not clapped up in Bedlam or hanged will
certainly prove one of the sweetest swans on
the tuneful margin of the Chanvell.
Later in the same year we are told by
the same correspondent that "the atheist-
t tuneful margin of the been expelled from
iter in the same year we are told by
same correspondent that "the atheist-
Mr. Shelley hath Deen expelled from
the. university on account of his atheisti
cal pamphlet." But the writer, it should
be noted, asks, "Was ever such bad taste
and barbarity shown?" There is a refer
ence to Campbell, whose conversation, it
is said, g " ways awakens thought j and
feeling; everything that is his own is ele
gant and enthusiastic" sencence which
hits off the author of the . "Pleasures of
Hope" very neatly.
Of Byron we get in the letters some in
teresting glimpses. Here is one. The
Princess of Wales, writing in 1810, says:
Lord .Byron did inquire for you also, I must
not forget to mention. He was ail couleur de
rose last evening and very pleasant; he sat be
side me at supper, and we were very merry; lie
is quite anoder man when he is wid people he
like and who like him. than he is when he is
wid oders who do not please him so well. I al
ways tell him there are two Lord Byrons,' and
when I invite him I say I ask the agreeable
lord, not the disagreeable one. He take my
plaisanterie all in good part, and I flatter my
self I am rather a favorite with this great
bard. . ._. ,-j.
11. R. 11. did not hesitate at times to
criticize the bard. "I am sorry to men
tion," she writes on another occasion,
"that his last poem upon 'The Decadence
of Bonaparte' is worthy neither his-: pen
nor his muse." But the Princess's compe
tence as a. critic on such a subject -is *. at
least open to question. • .'
Among other literary men of the time
that come in for mention are Southey,
Mackenzie, "the, Man 'of Feeling," Pro
fessor Wilson and Sir Walter Scott. Little
ize the bard. "I am sorry to men
' she writes on another occasion,
his last poem upon 'The Decadence
naparte' is worthy neither his pen
is muse." But the Princess's compe
as a critic on such a subject is at
.pen to question,
ong other literary men of the time
ome in for mention are Southey,
.nzie, "the Man of Feeling," Pro-
Wilson and Sir Walter Scott. Little
is ever said anywhere concerning the lady
of botsford, but here is a kindly refer
ence to her: / ■':
I dined the other d«7 at the "Man of Feel
ing's," Mr. Mackenzie's, and had the honor
and pleasure of sitting next Walter Scott. He
talked a great deal? of you. :..* *. * Mrs. Scott
was also present at that party, of whicn I made
mention, . and seems a merry, good-humored
body. He (that is her husband) is very kind to
her, and calls her Charlotte when he speaks to
or of her. -4 ; ■_** p^ *'.. ■• ■&• ..j£ p-. ■;.-.•
• By 1812 "Rokeby" had .been. published,
and' this is how the poem struck an early
reader:"*"'' AA '■% " \
"I received Walter Scott's "Rokeby." 7 I gazed
at it with a transport of impatience, and be
' gan reading , it in bed. lam already in the
first canto— my sonl has glowed with what he
justly terms "the art unteachable." My veins
have thrilled; my heart has throbbed; my
eyes have filled with during its perusal. |
The poet who can thus master the passions to
do his bidding must be indeed a poet. '
The diary also contains a , letter from Sir
Walter, in which he asks for assistance for
a brother bard : v
I allude to ray old; friend and your acquaint
ance, the Ettrick Shepherd— for 1 will not
mention him by the unpoetical name of James
Hogg— is now, as you will perceive by the
iuciosure, venturing -upon the public with a
THE SAN FRANCISCD CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
collection of ballads. Some of them, if my- !
self a ballad-monger— may be permitted to
judge, have a very uncommon share of poet-!
ical merit, and the author of these beautiful
pieces, some of them which. I used to re
peat to you at the delightful attic evenings
of street, is now actually an hired servant.
I have been exerting all the little influence I |
possess to fill up such a subscription as may ;
enable him to stock a small farm from the
profits," and I have been very successful here.
This is the tender-hearted, generous
Walter Scott all over, and the appeal, it is
j pleasant to note, did not fall on deaf ears.
! "I shall do my utmost to get subscribers
! to the Shepherd's work," says the writer of
the diary, to whom the letter was ad
dressed, "and I set forth immediately to
I Sir Humphry Davy, who I • knew would
! gladly assist me in so interesting a pur
suit."
A floating Ambulance.
The Metropolitan Asylum Board of Lon
don has 'just decided upon building an
ambulance for use on the river Thames.
The arrangement of the craft is shown in
the accompanying cut. Her dimensions
are as follows: Length between perpen
diculars, 60 feet; breadth, 12 feet 6 inches;
depth, 4 feet; draught of water when
fully equipped, 2 feet 8 inches. The hull
is built of Siemens-Martin mild steel
throughout to Board of Trade require
ments for passenger certificate. She is
built in five compartments. In the fore
part of the vessel is a cabin for the accom
modation of the staff and for visitors pro
ceeding to visit patients in the hospital
THE RIVER AMBULANCE.
, — _
; ships in Long Reach, Dartford, and is ca- 1
j pable of accommodating about twenty
j persons, ln the after part there is a cabin .
; fitted up as a hospital, with four berths
j two being fixed and two portable— and
with all the necessary requirements for
; carrying four recumbent patients. Both
' of these cabins arc heated with steam, and
i are provided with suitable skylights and
j all the necessary fittings for a boat of its
class. .
The machinery is fixed amidships and is
of the triple-expansion type with surface
condenser arid capable of driving the ves
sel at a speed of ten knots. A water-tight
trimming tank is built at the fore end of
the vessel of sufficient capacity that when
filled with water it will bring the vessel to
an even keel of 2 feet 8 inches.
Novelties for Bicyclists.
Among late novelties for bicyclists is
the mud guard which is arranged to follow
the movements of the front wheel, so that
splashing of mud upon the rider from the j
front wheel is made impossible. Its weight j
is very small, and it can be attached with-
Mud-Guard for the Front Wheel.
i
| out the use of tools in a few seconds. It
j folds in very small space, and when not in
use the entire guard can be strapped close
to the frame without taking it off the
j wheel.
A novelty for racers, which gives quite
a curious aspect to the bicycle, has also
! been patented recently. It is a shoulder-
I rest for the wheelman,. which allows him
| to press himself strongly with his chest
, and shoulders against the "front part of
I the machine, permitting him to use con
; siderable additional power upon the
| pedals. The attachment consists of a
Shoulder- Rest.
staff "A," which is pushed backward and
upward at its lower end*" by means of a
spring "X": the 'apparatus is 'fastened
with steel tubes, brazed to the steering
head as continuations of the cross-pieces
of the' frame, and is held in place by the
setscrew "J." The shoulder-rests proper
can be fitted to suit the individual rider.
Locomotives Without Fire.
Under certain conditions in mines or in
-COMPRESSED AIR LOCOMOTIVE.
warehouses 'where smoke or ; fire is un
desirable, locomotives propelled by com
pressed air T have performed useful - ser
vice. ' r Nearly f ten years ago H. K. Por
ter '<__ Co. of Pittsburg 7 built several
locomotives of this kind for use in coal
mines on the e Monongahela River, above
Pittsburg, and the engines did their work
successfully. Until lately, however, com
paratively little interest has been mani
] fested in the use of compressed air, but
the builders of the ; finest engines . have
lately constructed several in which are
embodied improvements which largely
increase their utility. Some of these later
locomotives of the type shown in the i
j accompanying illustrations are in use in
I mines at "Vivian, W. Va., and two have
j been built for the New Orleans and West
ern Railroad for use in the cotton-sheds,
j where the use of steam locomotives is :
j not permissible on account of the danger
of fire. ,",'-"'"
The hew locomotives are approximately
j 10 feet s>_ inches long, 5 feet 8 inches wide
I and 4 feet 5 inches high, and weigh 10,000
| pounds. It will be seen from these figure^
; and from the illustration that they are
i adapted for running in very small open-
I ings. The cylinders are 5 feet 10 inches,
j and the driving-wheels, of which there are
I four, are 23 inches in diameter. The stor
] age tank has a capacity of 47 cubic feet of
| air and a working pressure of 535 pounds
I per square inch, and there is also an auxil
j iary reservoir. ' The locomotive main tank
I is designed for 600 pounds, but the work
ing pressure for the service intended is
t about 535 pounds. A three-stage com
! pressor is used, pumping into a 3-inch
| pipe-line, which serves to. connect the
' compressor to the most convenient point
| of charging the motors, and also acts as
f an air reservoir, the compressor and pipe
i line being competent to withstand a pres
j sure of 800 pounds.
These locomotives, which take the place
of mules, are to be used in side entries and
in making up trains in the rooms of the
mine and delivering the trains to the main
t entry, where they are handled by steam
locomotives. The" average length "of each
j side entry is 4500 feet, with grades of 1%
! per cent in favor of the loaded cars. The
i gauge of the track is 3 feet 8 inches, the
i weight of the rails 16 pounds per yard and
i the radius of the sharpest curve 24 feet.
The locomotives are designed to make the
round trip of 9000 feet with six cars with
one charge of air and to work on curves
of 15 feet radius. The weight of the loaded
cars is about 8500 tons. P-.y..
This is said to be the first introduction
of any kind of mechanical haulage any
where for sole use -in butt entries and
roonis. The low cost of installation and
operation and the greater adaptation to
j the conditions of the service and require
ments caused the pneumatic system of
haulage to be adopted in preference to elec
tric haulage, although an electric plant
had already been determined upon for
I working the mining machines.—Philadel
phia Record. /':**
The Only Woman Rnnk Cashier. . „,
Mrs. Sarah Francis Dick, cashier of the
First. National Bank of Huntington, Ind.,
enjoys the distinction of being the only
woman cashier of a national bank in the-
United States. She was appointed 'as
sistant cashier in 1 1873, and in January,
1881, at the reorganization of the bank, she
succeeded her father as cashier, and was
also chosen as director, and has held
these positions since 'that date. . .
Mrs. Dick is a daughter of tbe present
president of the bank. She received a
common school education in the schools
of Huntington. From her childhood
she displayed an inclination to pursue
a business life, and accordingly took
a course of ? training in a business
college at Dayton, Ohio, taking, a posi
tion in the bank shortly after graduating.
She was married to Julius Dick, a prom
| inent merchant of the city, in 1878, but
j the marriage did not interfere wiih' her
; work in the bank. - *
Mrs. Dick is quick and accurate in trans-
I actions and an expert in handling cur
rency and coin. She writes a Very rapid
heavy, bold hand. The rapidity with
which she'; dispatches business has been
i freely commented on. She has no assist
i ant, but with accurate deftness she keeps
the bank clear of a crowd during
a rush of business. She writes the
notes, drafts and deposit certificates;
computes the interest on collections',
cashes checks and discounts papers, etc.
with such swiftness that a gentleman was
one day moved to keep a record of her
work. At the close of that day's business
it was found that she had handled over
$54,000 in small amounts, making over 600
distinct transactions in 360 minutes, less
lunch hour, an average of 35 second's for
each transaction, and the cash balanced to
a cent.
Mrs. Dick is a blonde, tall and graceful.
She enjoys her home, which isone-of the
moat beautiful in, the city, and' outside of
business hours she may be found in her
parlors. She is held in high regard socially
and financially, and, from her first work
in the bank, has enjoyed the public confi
dence.—New York Evening Telegram.
The Efficiency or Anns.
One of the noticeable things of the bar
tie of Krugersdorp was the . shooting on
both sides. The Boers' shooting, if we may
judge from the results, was extraordinary
in its accuracy. ' Over eighty killed and
thirty-five wounded is a proportion be
tween killed and wounded seldom, if ever
■approached. It is not generally under
stood that the ordinary proportion of
killed to wounded in European warfare is
as one to four.
The vital parts of the body, too, are in
extent as to one to four. The proportion
of killed to wounded naturally increases
as the shooting improves. The shooting
of the chartered men, as the Boers were
lying clown behind natural breastworks of
rock, produced but little result. Still if
I there were three killed to five wounded
! it would seem that there were two or three
| good shots present, while 1 the remainder
of Jameson's force simply blazed away
their ammunition wholesale and without
effect.' '•'.-■• '":*;"•'' A-yA/y.
. The fatal dearth of cartridges next day,
when the Boers; met the chartered men
face to face, was probably, in : part, caused
by the use of the Lee-Metf ord, rifle. The
temptation with ordinary toops is to waste
their ammunition, and the use of . the '
magazine rifle is certainly against a steady
aim, and in favor of wild and hasty shoot
ing. - ' " .:.._ '•'.-' -. *•-.
The lesson for us should be that iri mod
ern- fighting everything depends upon the
marksmanship. A very ... large army, if it
shoots badly, cannot stand against a small
force of really trustworthy shots. Our own
army, if we are not "'■.. mistaken, has no
chance of 3 attaining real f marksmanship,
for an altogether * inadequate amount of
cartridges is allowed to each man. The
soldier ought to use in a fortnight's prac
tice what we allow him for a year's shoot
ing. Saturday Review. *. ;;.-t:
; .*•; Electric Dancing Poppets.
A Upon a piece of sheet iron forming the
cover of a wooden box are placed small
figures held erect- by means of four sup
ports made of horse hair. As soon as the
handle, A, is placed upon the contact, B,
there occurs a strong vibration of the
plate, the figures move about in all direc-
tions, seem to engage in conversation, turn
around and leave each other only to find
themselves together again an instant after
ward. From their costume merely it might
be thought that they were at an evening
party, and from the often regular motions
that they execute, that the party was a
dancing one. A music-box concealed in
the apparatus adds to the illusion and con
soles children for remaining alone at home
whiie their parents are amusing them
selves at a distance.
The mystery is simple. The battery, P,
furnishes a current that passes through
the plate and the point, D, whose position
for exciting the electric apparatus and
giving the vibration the amplitude that the
child prefers for his puppets is determined
by the screw, C— La Nature.
S_is_BaW:. ■ '
Cannot Sweep On* the Nickel.
A lawyer was at a party the other night
where the principal divertisement was
tricks, one of which recalls to the lawyer's
mind one he used to do when he was a
schoolboy back in Maine, says the Kansas
City Star. He called for a whisk broom
and then, laying a nickel in the center of
his open palm, offered it to any one in the
The Immovable Nickel.
party who would sweep it off with the
broom. One of the conditions was that
the broom must be held straight up and
the coin swept with the ends or the broom
straws.
"Oh, I can do that." said a young
woman, and she took the broom and be
gan to sweep at the coin. The harder she
swept the tighter the coin stuck to the open
palm of the lawyer's hand. One after an
other each person at'- the party tried to
sweep off the coin, and it was an astonish
ing thing that the broom would not budge
it. r Any kind of small coin and any kind
of whisk broom are all that aro needed to
show the trick.
'To Keep the Baby Safe.
All kinds of schemes have been devised
for the lightening the work 'of looking
after the baby, but here is a prison pen
with a mile sprinting track in it which I
may be contained within the confines of j
Running Track for the Baby.
the smallest room. The device consists
of a circular framework or fence, with a
post in the middle. To this is attached a
rotating arm with a loop, which fits under
baby's arms and , holds the little one un.
Thus supported the baby can walk a mile
without running into the table or stove' or
falling downstairs. If there happen to be
two babies in the same house another one
can be put in the other extension of the
arm. t . . ': " .: "
Where Our .Presidents Are Buried.
1. George Washington died from a cold
which brought on laryngitis ; buried on his
estate at Mount Vernon, Va. . .'■*'*
2. John Adams died from senile debility;
buried at Quincv, Mass.
3. Thomas Jefferson died of chronic diar
ihea; buried on his estate at Monti
cello, Va. ' /r-A'P 7
4. James Madison died of old age; buried
on his estate at Montpelier, Va.
* 5. James Monroe, died of general debil
ity ; buried in Marble Cemetery, New York
City. ';. -* ;'■•■:- -'■-.■■-, .
A 6. John Quincy Adams died of paralysis,
the fatal • attack overtaking him in the
House of Representatives;, buried at
Quincy, Mass.*
7. Andrew Jackson died of consumption
and dropsy; buried on his estate, the Her
mitage, near Nashville, Term. '■//; -•-'■■•"
8. Martin Van Buren died' of catarrh of
the throat and lungs; buried at Kinder
hook, N.Y. /'/A'A ' '/.:.: ' '' v '.'7
9. William Henry Harrison died of pleu
risy, induced by a cold taken on the day of
his inauguration buried near North Bend,
Ohio. ■ *'•/ - v :*■..', ■"./-•;
10. John Tyler died , from a mysterious
disease ' like a ' bilious attack; - buried at
Richmond, Va.
i 11. James K. Polk died from weakness,
caused by cholera; buried on his estate in
Nashville,' Term. ;- i. . . J ':'
12. Zachary Taylor died from cholera
morbus,* induced by improper diet; buried
on his estate near Louisville, Ky.
A l3. Millard Fillmore died 1 from paraly
sis; buried in Forest Hill Cemetery, But"
falo, N. Y. ■.'•. ■''■";'p /y.
'At. l 4. Franklin Pierce died from inflamma
tion -' of the stomach; buried at Concord,
N.H. ■■'■;. .',--'*..-- /;. s/yyAA 7; ..-; Ay' y
15. James Buchanan died of rheuma
tism and gout.; buried near. Lancaster, Pa.
16. Abraham Lincoln,' assassinated by J.
Wilkes Booth: buried -at Springfield, 111. ;•**
17. Andrew Johnson died from paralysis;
buried at Greenville, Tenn. 4/y'p ■- . ;
18. Ulysses b. Grant died from cancer of
the throat; buried at Riverside Park New
York City. 'p-'t.A'y Ay *■„ y. •■;
'-'■ 19. Rutherford 8. . Hayes ■ died from *
paralysis of the heart; buried at Fremont,*
Ohio. ■.'_.- - 74/ypP
20. James >A. Garfield, assassinated by
Charles J. Guitean; buried at Cleveland.
Ohio. * . r,*-; :'..' '. - '
,21. Chester A. Arthur died from Bright's
disease;, buried in Rural Cemetery, Al
bany, N. Y. .;■;.■• ' .-. ■.'.-'
; This leaves.Benjamin Harrison the only
living ex-President.— Cincinnati Commer
cial. * .•/ :.,,..* ;■:. . *: '*P/-4-p : -:'.•"'. A
Daughter of th* Reg-went,
The Daughter of the Regiment ! ■- Flash swords, ye
captains fine — _ .
The Daughter of the Regiment Is glancing down
: the line!
Blow, bugles, all your sweetest notes to answering
skies of blue—
The Daughter of the Regiment la on parade with
you ! .
The Daughterof the Regiment! March fair, ye
patriot-sons !
Her eyes are lovelier than the beams that glitter
on your guns;
The stars that twinkle from your flags stream o'er
her rosy way— .
The Daughter of the Regiment Is on parade to
day. - -.
The Daughter of the Regiment! All radiant she
comes: ■ -.. .-■■ ... :
There's a signal from the captains and a welcome
from the drums;
And cheer on cheer rings o'er the ranks. A Illy
of the May, • '■
The Daughter of the Regiment blooms In the lines
to-day ! ..-; _. ._._...
The Daughter of the Regiment I But never any
rose
Would crimson on a battlefield could 'she but face
our foes; •
No black wraiths from the reckless guns the holy
heavens revile;
For love hath aureoled her brow and peace is in
her smile. >t-.'- .'■'•;
The Daughter of the Regiment! Blow, bugles
silver sweet; . '
And kiss, ye winds, the friendly flags that ripple
to her feet! .
For she cometh in her beauty from a land where
love hath sway—
The Daughter of the Regiment looks down the
lines to-day.
Fbanjc Sta_*to_* in Chicago Times-Herald.
PICTURE MADE OF FEATHERS.
Carious Work of a Central American
Artist.
Some artist in Central America must
The Picture Made of Feathers
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
have been hard up for pigment, judging
by a picture in the possession of C. F.
' ' NEW TO-DAY.
You Want a Cure
The Most Modern, Simple and Effective Means
of Getting Health is by Electricity. It is Given
to the Body, in a Steady, Life-infusing Stream
From This Wonderful Appliance.
wS^^ 9 + ' tftTPVßi&k&t* JM^
y •* - B_f* Ea ___\ fa KJ ESr fl I_LJI. _n__7___w ■■ V> >V-*///jr , «_(r^<i|l/rB
To bring health back to -^Jlcg. This «an Electric Belt
weak nerves and weak which infuses a steady,
vital parts you must re- _^Jfcf&|§f| vigorous flow of animal
new the strength in them. .fr^."^^ life into the body, and it
This appliance does it by @.^oo^ cures by giving the body
filling the body with new^fe^ new vigor. -
mi • ■■:■■; ;.'; -^w v -\\ , : ■
People who are sick and have tried so many different remedies are loath to pick up
with anything new. And having so frequently heard of the poor results derived from
the use of the cheap class of electric appliances which are peddled on the' streets, they
perhaps give no heed to the announcement that Dr. Sanden's Electric -'Belt/, will cure.
But time and proof will remove these obstacles, and Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is here
to stay. It is bringing about a period of popular evolution in the ways and means of
doctoring one's self.- Six months ago Dr. Sanden's Belt was little known in San Fran-
cisco, and people who had tried all the quacks who infest the city without getting
relief from their troubles scoffed at this new remedy, but as cure after cure was re-
ported, day after day, as men of prominence gave testimony to their recovery of
health, and finally, as the medical profession, after a fair test, were forced to acknowl-
edge it a wonderful appliance, the popular education came about, and to-day there are
one thousand cures of Nervous Complaints, Rheumatism, Liver, Kidney and Stomach
Troubles, and many forms of weakness, accomplished within 100 miles" of San Fran-
cisco during the last six months by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
You Must Use It.
This is no toy. * It is a powerful Electric Belt, giving a continuous stream 'of elec-
tricity into the body for hours .'at a time. It is mostly worn at night, while you sleep,
and its lif^-giving currents fill your system with new vigor, so that you wake up satu-
rated with new vital force in the morning. Its power is felt as soon as applied, and
can be made mild or strong at will. It has ? improvements : that are possessed by no
other electric appliance.
See What They Say.
"Your Belt has J. , v *_? a wonderful remedy for toning up the vital organs in ray cage"
writes W. I). Allen, Vullecflto, Cal.. ' ; * . **. .
"I was prostrated with paralysis when I got your Belt. lam already able to • walk without
crutches." J. If. Hairier, Vinson, Or. -' • ■ •.-.■■
■y "i ieel like a new man since wearing the belt and can give it a strong' recommendation.**
Herbert F. Bishop, Hanford, Cal. \ . _•*,■• •
"1 owe my present existence to your wonderful invention," writes J. Nunes, Niles, Ala.
meaa County, Cal. ..*■■
"1 have tried many remedies, but your belt is the greatest gift to humanity ever invented."
Charles Smith, Tualatin, Or. . ■ ° . '
„ "Your Belt was worth its weight in Bold to me."— Robert Kittles, East Sound, San Juan
.County, ash. *■-:. .- • • ■
"Your belt has cured me of sciatica."— Asa A. Moore Milton Or
, '!i.\^ ve energy and vigor again *£ can enjoy life as well as' anybody."— Charles B. Kuch-
ler, 33 North Sutter street, Stockton, Cal. " J J .-.- /* u ." iva *™* r; ~
''Your belt ha* proven to be above all other remedies for lost manhood.' I would not sill IS
for twice what I gave for it. . I have gained ten pounds in flesh."— F. .human, Quincy, CaL
These letters are from people who have tried Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt and know
what it is worth. It will cure you also. Call or send for full information in the little
book, "Three Classes of Men," free upon application at the office.". •
»-A-3>a*i_»___:_xr EXj-E-OTiFlio CO.,
. 632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
( Office Hours-8 to 6 ; Evenings, 7 to 8:30; Sundays, 10 to ]_,
Barry who lives on Railroad avenue near
Park street in Alameda. In fact the artist
could have had no pigment at all for the
i picture is made entirely of small ' pieces of
leathers ; cut in irregular? shapes that are
I fitted together like mosaic work and pasted
on a '"• panel of * wood. Taken altogether
the effect is not unpleasing, although the
picture' cannot be considered. a work of
art. . '*-■•" -'N.-
Mr. Barry came into possession of the
picture while on a recent trip to Central
America and prizes it very highly. The
dealer from whom he bought it could give
no idea of its origin further than to say
that he obtained it at a sale of the effects
of a wealthy man. . The picture is about
20x26 inches in size and represents a
tropical landscape. In the distance a
mountain peak can be seen and in the fore
ground a palm tree rises close to .the ruins
of an adobe house. Grass and weeds come
close down to the front of the picture*.
Seen f*-om a distance it would be impos
sible to tell in what manner the picture
was executed, but it bears some resem
blance to what is known as "Kensington"
painting. A close examination, however,
reveals innumerable bits of feathers of all
the hues known to science and looking
very much as if the artist had exhausted
.the ornithological resources of the country
in his search for tints.
The sky is made of white and gray feath
ers, -with a touch of blue at the top.'and all
really blend together beautifully. The
distant mountains, however, are nbt a
success, as they really look like cotton and
are painfully violent in color. The house
is made of brilliant yellow feathers; with
small purple pieces pasted on for doors and
windows. The leaves of the palm tree ap
pear to be feathers from a bird of paradise
and the trunk is half of a large quiil. In
the foreground the grasses are "laid on"
with the most awful green imaginable and
are apparently parrot feathers. Bits of
very bright color are supposed to repre
sent flowers and weeds.
The artist who did the work must have
had some knowledge of the colors of na
ture and consumed weeks in the effort, as
thousands of pieces of feathers have been
used. Just what he intended to produce
is hard to conceive, but he did produce a
curiosity. The work is far superior to any
done by the Indians and half-breeds of
Central America.
A Good Business Woman.
Mrs. Eliza J. Nicholson, widow of George
Nicholson of the New Orleans Picayune,
who died recently, was for many years ene
of the most notable women in the South.
It- is said that she was the only woman
who was at once the • controlling pro
prietor and editor-in-chief of a- great
daily journal,, as she waa the
first woman connected with the press
in the South. As "Pearl Rivers" she be
came literary editor of the Sunday Pica
yune in the face of much adverse criticism.
She subsequently married the proprietor,
Colonel Holbrook, who died bequeathing
her the paper burdened .: with a debt of
$80,000. Her lawyers and relatives advised
her to take the thousand dollars award
ed her by law and abandon the
paper. The business manager, George
Nicholson, alone counseled' her to keep it.
She took his advice, and through excellent
management and the aid of a devoted
staff paid off the debt, built new offices,
greatly improved the paper, and was soon
at the head of a successful establishment.
After two years, in 1873. she married Mr.
Nicholson, who continued to manage the
financial affairs of the paper, while she
had sole control of the editorial columns.
New York Tribune.
2526
THE FASHION GOSSIP FOR WOMEN AND MEN.
SLOWLY and solemnly the church
bells rang on Ash Wednesday,
warning many that gayeties must
cease; and in the churches numer
ous were those arrayed in somber
garments, which will not be laid aside
until the triumphant chants on Easter day
tell all to "rejoice and be glad."
The great musician has left behind him
hundreds of enthusiastic admirers. The
Young Ladies' Orchestra played to an ap
preciative audience. The girls were, most
of them, very pretty in their gowns of
white, pinK or blue. Indeed, some of them
had many pretty compliments paid them.
This orchestra is an organization which
should be encouraged, as it gives young
musicians many advantages. One of the
most gifted ex-members, who was for some !
time "first violin," is now studying in j
Berlin, at the conservatory, and doing j
wonderfully well.
We have all heard so much about ths
beautiful decorations at the bal masque, j
the gorgeous toilettes and beautiful j
jewels, tnat there is but little left for any |
tne to say. For my part I think it a pity
more originality was not shown in the '
Costumes. I thought numerous original \
ones would be seen, but originality in this
respect was sadly lacking, but most of the j
participants had an enjoyable evening, i
and after all that is the chief consider- j
ktion.
The Presidio hop was unusually gay, ]
there being an abundance of pretty girls ,
tnd an ample supply of beaux, all of whom j
Will anticipate an Easter dance at the
i'residio with impatience, as every one has j
*uch a good time out there that even the I
long trip to and fro is not regarded as an
Objection.
Already the rose fete at Santa Barbara
(s being discussed with much interest, and
from present indications I should say San
Francisco would be well represented there.
Already quite a number of our prominent
people have gone south for rest and change
pf scene, but for those who will not leave ■
-home until the summer, this is the favorite !
time to make up dainty summer things,
md bow perfectly lovely the new. fabrics
ire. First I lose my heart to a dream of j
tn organdy and a little later to a beautified i
|rasscloth, for now some of them are run i
with silken stripes, and the summer silks
ire enough to coax the money out of any |
jne's purse. I just wish I expected to j
Ipend the summer in a place where the ■
(emperature would be such as to justify .
me in ordering a dczen soft fluffy gowns.
I must not forget to tell you that I saw j
three very stylish Eastern women to-day J
most appropriately garbed. One wore a ■
town of dark brown denim, the skirt I
leing full and plain, and the waist fitted !
to perfection, and had a deep collar and
cuffs of white linen. The tout ensemble ;
iva3 all that could be desired. Another j
tvas in heavy ecru linen, the skirt, as j
Usual, with seven pores, the pocket !
ipen'ed, showing a pretty pale blue shirt j
{■-aist, with a white turned-down collar,
[he cuffs correctly mate ing the shirt.
The third was in a" well-made gray home- I
ipun, tailor style, with a white collar and j
tuffs relieving it. A black sailor with j
|uills completed an excellent and sensible i
.csturae.
Kedfern has just completed a good vis- |
iting costume for early spring and summer I
Wear. The bodice, being of a rich Sicili- j
tnne silk of a ber^e shade is adapted to i
Overhang the waist slightly, being held in
place by folds and knotted loops of noi- i
: lette velvet, of which also the folded J
foliar is made. A sadde yoke of crevette
junk cloth fails in deep points from the
.boulder, the center point reaching the
Waist between the fullness of the silk,
giving a becoming line to the figure. This
treatment is also applied to the back of
the bodice, excepting, however, that the
Bilk is arranged less full at the waist. A
handsome design of braiding in mixed
threads of golu, silver and noisette is
worked at the outline of the yoke and is
also formed in a chevon just below the
tollar, and the same design is also applied
Jo deep gauntlets of the crevette pink, which
lerve to finish the silk sleaves. The skirt
_f plain godet shape is of fine twill cloth in
i lighter shade of beige than the bodice
md is lined with crevette pink silk. The
Kide brimmed hat of beige felt has a clus
ier of crevette pink and beige shaded
blumes on either side of the crown, fast
|ned by knots of noisette velvet. The
(urge parasol is of crevette pink silk cov
ered with beige chiffon, of which a deep
till is used at the edge. The gloves are
If a light shade of beige.
We hear from Paris that at the soiree
liven last month by Mme. Aubernon de
Kerville many chic toilets were noted.
Dne Vicomtesse was charming in a dress
.1 sky blue satin opening over a pale pink
tablier of satin, which was richly covered
frith lace and dotted with diamonds. The
iodic* was ornamented in the same way.
Tie bodice was low and the lace studded
frith diamonds fell over the short full
Jeeves of pink gauze. The fan used was
Xl feathers of the most delicate shade of
ink, the mounts being of tortoise shell
let with gold and diamonds.
' Another gown of pure white tulle boull
pune had little bunches of roses and vio
lets scattered about; the low-cut bodice
lad many of these flowers arranged in the
pile which surrounded the neck.
' Mine, de St. Victor's dress is said to
lave been out of the common, so I must
llso tell you that it was of bright pink
hille, trimmed with mistletoe and wide
thite lace arranged in quilles. This lace
ippeared also on the bodice as well as on
Ihe skirt; sprays of mistletoe nestled in
[he lace which took the place of sleeves;
arge bows of pink moire and mistletoe
leld up the lace here and there.
At this affair was also admired a toilet
If plain black velvet, beautified with rare
oint d'Angleterre, and one of plain, rich
ink satin was enriched with silver em
ir.k satin was enriched with silver em
roidery. which appeared on the seams
fnd around the waist, and, says tnis cor
espondent, all' these dresses were made
• ith godets, a little long, but not trained,
he shoes matched the robe, with era
roidered toes, and pale-colored silk stock
iga matching something' in the toilet.
'cry long gloves were seen with all cos
_mes.
Mrs. Morse, wife of our late Consul Gen-
Iral, lately gave an "at home" and ap
eared in a rich moire broche, the color
f ripe corn ; the bodice was bloused and j
ornamented with gauze of the same
shade, and galons covered with ruby,
black and steel spangles.
I like a little dress for evening wear
which is worn by one of our belles. It is
of a pale pinSry heliotrope crepon. The
blouse waist is quaintly cut, and with ex
cellent effect, into points at the top, each
point being finished with a cut-steel heart
shaped button, and the top is'filled in with
a yoke and draped collar of white lisse
over white satin. This girl has a very thin
throat and being aware of this (I wish
others were equally sensible) always
wisely covers it with some becoming lacey
fabric. The skirt is full and godeted.
Numerous are the lovely crepe blouses
with black-velvet touches, which are
being made at this season. They will
tide many of us over the few weeks that
remain of this winter and are such a com
fort to wear with our black silk or satin
skirts. An exquisite blouse of Oriental
silk in tones of paiest blue and pink and
darker blue was at the concert Monday
evening. It was trimmed with dark-blue
velvet, which exactly matched the daik
figure in the silk. Wherever used the velvet
was edged with a narrow frill of black
lace.
A handsome dinner dress, worthy of the
admiration it excited not long ago, is com
posed of a very rich silk, one that can
stand alone; the ground is of ivory white,
and the surface is covered with the most
artistic blue morning-glories. They are
not arranged in lines, but in graceful" clus- ;
ters, and are of an unusual shade of blue,
neither dark nor light, but a luminous
shade. The dress is en princesse, the front
being of the same shade as the flowers, in
plain silk, and this is completely covered
with unusually fine creamy lace. The cos
tume is lined' with this blue silk, several
ruffles completing the dress around the
foot. The square-cut neck had curious
revers of the lace over the silk.
Many white satin gowns have done ex
cellent service this season, and if they are
the best quality their usefulness is not yet
a thing of the past, for I have read of one
such frock which was purchased for a large
ball by an Eastern belle with limited
I means. She wisely paid $4 a yard for her
satin and gave up a beautiful set of rose
garlands for her corsage and skirt, as they
| were beyond her means, and used instead
| a trimming of natural ivy leaves inter
spersed with asparagus vine. The next
season she was a great success in the same
gown, draped to perfection with yellow
chiffon in the early season and with white
later on. The third season she had the
skirt d-raped with pale blue Brus
sels net and she wore a high empire belt
of blue velvet, which covered ail the
bodice, except the velvet and lace era
piecement, wrought with pearls, and the
sleeves were draped with blue also and had
lace epaulettes. Last summer the same
gown turned up among the smart ones at
the Newport Casino, covered deliriously
with clouds and frills of rose pink mous
seline de soie, corsage bebe, chic bows of
pink satin ribbon and long sash. Now in
its fourth season it is returned from the
teuturiere, a lovely cerise, and is charm
ingly rebuilt in black tulle, skirt rucbed
on the bottom, a black velvet bodice, grand
decollete de cour, off the shoulders, with
shoulder straps of Strass on black velvet,
and panaches of cerise ostrich tips, and
across, from armhole to ant hole, black
roses, crushed closely together. An aigrette
of cerise velvet, studded with diamonds, is
in her hair. Black velvet throat band,
clasped by three diamonds.
These ideas are good and what we might
expect from a bright American girl, so we
may come to the natural conclusion that
| in the end a good white satin is not a bad
I investment, but remember that no ignor-
I ant, clumsy dressmaker can be allowed to
I have anything to do with it in any stage
| of its existence or it will be a wr.ck.
I may be mistaken, but here it seems to
i me that many people allow their dresses,
Dress of Flowered Silk and Velvet.
gloves, etc.. to become very much soiled
before sending them to the cleaner's.
When last in New York I could not but
remark how constantly things were sent,
even when scarcely soiled at all, and as a
result they were always returned in an ex
cellent condition, for the results never can
be so good when garments are sent in a
bad condition, and in the end it is a poor
economy. Besides, .nothing is so objec
tionable as dingy finery, and really I must
say something again about gloves. Why
will many women insist on wearing posi
tively dirty ones?: They ; may in all other
respects be faultlessly garbed, in some
cases with rare taste, and yet such hands;
gloves once white, a dingy -black. . But
the climax, is reached when a woman
wears*' elbow gloves not only soiled
but pinned where the three wrist
buttons :: should be. Well, the "man
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
who will marry such a woman deserves his
fate, which will be curl papers and Mother
Hubbards until evening and an untidy,
miserable home, if he cannot afford several
servants. Women may not be aware of it,
but men do judge them by just such
things, and could they but hear their re
marks they would, be more careful. I know
a girl who is rich, pretty and amiable, now
in her fifth season, and she has never had
any marked attention ; perhaps she doesn't
want any; at ail events, although her
frocks are exquisite, she manages some
way never to have fresh gloves, and I have
wondered vaguely if that has affected the
beaux. The only way for her future hus
band to cure her of this weakness will be
to refuse to be seen with her unless she is
properly gloved, and I hope she will marry
just such a man, as she is far too sweet a
girl to go through life in so slovenly a way.
A good evening gown is en route for
Santa Barbara. .It has a skirt of rarely
handsome white satin, with a blue bodice
which is covered with blue mousseline. de
soie, embroidered with forget-me-nots and
trimmed with perpendicular bands of
white lace, narrow, but put in very full in
triple rows. The sleeves are of handsome
blue silk, and reach the elbow. This waist
will also do excellent service with a black
satin Duchess skirt, as will also a delight
ful one of Oriental crepe, the ground of
which is white, over which are strange but
artistic designs in lavender, green and
creamy white. The vest is of green satin,
A CALLING COSTUME FROM REDFEKN. LONDON.
covered with sequins of a creamy white
and blue color. The neck is finished with
a ruche of narrow lace, as are. also the
sleeves, which are of the crepe.
Among beautiful combinations for
evening wear should be mentioned lampas
with silver flowers, moire well spangled,
glace velvet and silver lace, and. old point
lace studded with diamonds. Having
waists and bodices still on my mind, let
me quote from Vogue a description of one
from which not a few suggestions may be
profitably derived. The correspondent
writes: .
"A very smart high bodice that 'may be
worn with several skirts, but which will
look particularly well with black velvet or
black satin, i*. built of white cloth, the en
tire tight-fitting surface braided with a
soutache of white, with brilliant* green
e(|ge. Black satin sleeves en . glgot, the
lower sleeve fittinc the arm closely above
the elbow, and quite closely dotted with a
large jet bead. A broad black satin sash
ribbon is fitted to the shoulders in front
only, and then cut through the center
within an inch from the shoulder. Two
of these ends are clipped short; tne
other two fall above the waist line.
They are lined with white satin, and
drawn in at the ends. The two upper ones
are fastened across the bust with a large
handsome miniature button, encircled by
brilliants, and the lower ones are fastened
in the same way, quite close together
below. Two ends of black satin ribbon
fall down in front of skirt en tablier, and
within a couple of inches of the bottom.
Girls, do not make the mistake of hav
ing white linen duck skirts this summer;
they are no longer smart, for every maid
servant can have one now that they are to
be had for even less than a dollar. All
heavy linens from ecru to brown are cor
rect to wear with shirt waists. * They will
not laundry properly if cut with more
than seven gores. Mixed cheviots and
homespuns will be much used for heavy
skirts with .which shirt waists will be seen.
Leather belts will be worn, varying in
width from one to three inches, with
these waists, and string; ties are , good
form made of percale, cheviot and pique.
Stocks of white pique or black satin will
be in vogue, as will also black satin, tied
like a four-in-hand or a small square bow.
At the seaside the little maidens whoare'
attired by fashionable mothers will ap
pear in the daintiest and most chic of
frocks, composed of grass. linen or grass
cloth, for ail colored , goods-are , faded by.
the fierce sun and by washing. Of course
thesedresses can, be worn all day; how
ever, for the afternoon, and 'evening pure
white is preferred, charming' models being
shown in dotted ; muslins and oreandies.
All these garments have yokes of inser
tion or lace, frequently lined with either
[ colored wash fabrics, or for afternoon and
evening wear with silk or very fine colored
lawn; satin ribbons prettily "finish them.
Bishop sleeves are in high favor. Pink
and blue dresses are stylish, made with
low necks and short puffed sleeves, to be
worn with guimpes. The small folks
will also be seen in ginghams, batiste,
ciiambry, nainsook, pique, etc.
The discussion concerning the change in
the styles of our sleeves is quite animated,
some of the best authorities declaring that
though the shape may alter the size will
not decrease until next fall. However, ru
mors come from Paris that the latest even
ing gowns have long close sleeves or none
at all. Effective sleeves for low-cut bodice
may be made of a scarf of chiffon
brought under the arm to tie in the front
in a bow with kilted ends, these showing
the top portions of the arm. Sleeves of
lace mounted over chiffon are delightfully
pretty, especially when the lace is cream
colored mounted over white chiffon.
A gown that breathes the air of Paris is
of white satin embroidered in jet, steel
and diamonds.
I must not neglect to tell you that the
gown of flowered silk has a bodice of mir
ror velvet cut into tabs, which are buttoned
with four diamonds. The basque of
the bodice sets in a full frill round the
back.
'Ihe other gown, for light mourning, has
a full skirt of black silk, the jacket bodice
of black velvet being elaborately embroid-. I
ered and caught in at the waist by one of
the new style ribbon belts, which form a
point under the arm, and is supplemented
by a short godet basque at the back; the
loops of the bow at the back are becoming,
as are also the sleeves, which are rather
close-fitting, below the elbow. The vest is I
of white crepe.
It seems entirely too warm to mention ]
fur, but fur waistcoats are now quite the
thing, fastened, with ■ diamond buttons, j
these costly buttons are a necessary part J
of every belle's outfit, but one set can be
made to do duty for many occasions.
In "Michael and His Lost Angel" Miss
Terry wears a hat made of the skin of an
Indian pheasant. It is a great novelty
and cost in Paris $60. 7"-; '
The long Henry of Navarre plumes are
much worn in London on large hats, and
not singly, either, but by threes p.nd fours.
Gardenias are seen on many hats and bon
nets, and never have more beautiful velvet
flowers been seen. A delightful toque just
completed as a model in Paris rs made en
tirety of colored roses with a bunch of
gladioli set up at the back, where the
brim turned up, and is tied with cerise
colored ribbon. Gardenias are most suc
cessfully used in combination with violets
or pink roses. Tbques of white velvet
with the crowns embroidered in jewel*
and edged- with sable ; are chic. A
white osprey with a diamond ornament
trims one side, and- at. the back
roses or carnations are usually placed.
White felt hats enjoy a certain vogne,
although, generally speaking, they are far
from becoming. However, the trimming
is graceful, a yellow lace scarf and white
wings being used. A facing of black velvet
is a considerable improvement for sprine.
The yellow lace scarf will be seen on many
hats, as will also scarfs of tulle and a white
osprey fastened with .a diamond or rhine
stone ornament, lf we stay in the city
during the summer and intend to indulge
in this simple but expensive style we will
have to buy such scarfs by. the gross, as
they are easily ruined by, dust.
'An admirable and most becoming bon
net is made in the silk plait, forming scal
lops and loops round the edge ; the aigrette
is composed of geraniums, showing the new
treatment of flowers. An equally good
round hat has a brim of black drawn
chiffon, which forms; scallops and loops
round the edge. The crown is completely
hidden by three distinct surrounding frills
of gray and white tulle; an aigrette of silk
poppies and a bow of ribbon are on either
side., y .- .'. .. ,■"-:.. *;-., -// .;
_ Yet another model is of a quaint toque,
shaped like a. Dutch bonnet, It is com
posed of encrusted silver and jet pailettes;
the pointed excrescences at, the side re
semble the peasant headdresses of Hol
land. An ostrich feather stands up erect
at th* back and is supported by a hand
some aigrette.
It is said that light green of the "can de
nile tone will be one of the most fashion
able colors in millinery. Quite a feature in
millinery is a new soft silk plait, about a.
quarter of an inch wide.
It is an acknowledged fact that English
women, even of the most exalted rank,
are not in the least "smart" in appear
ance. "Piccadilly," writing from London,
says: "The Princess of Wales, who is
perennially pretty and always looks well,
could never be described as really well
dressed. Princess Henry of Pless actually
dresses badly," etc. I think this corre
spondent goes rather far in saying so much
about the Princess of Wales, for not long
since I read an article criticizing her for
giving so much care and thought concern
ing personal adornment, and it is a well
known fact that every morning ber face is
as carefully touched up as though it were
a fine miniature, and her hair is
so thin that she is compelled to have the
assistance of an artistic hair-dresser to pro
duce the desired effect and she always has
to wear a false front.' This is a most un
becoming style, which has been blindly
copied by many English women. The
Princess is credited with perfect taste and
a desire to be bautifully garbed. Lady
Warwick is so beautiful that she always
attracts attention, which she craves, andis
never weary of getting up theatrical
effects. One night this winter at the opera
she appeared "all in Mephistophelean
scarlet without an ornament of any kind."
Her hair was held up in a scarlet net from
which arose a vivid aigrette.
- Smartness is said to mean neatness, but
it means, that and a great deal more, and
I know that we have more really "smart"
looking women in America in proportion
to our population than any country in the
world, for England's middle class is usu
ally attired in either hopeless frumpish or
loud clothing, the best dressed women
being found among the country gentle
women. /-■; va/ ■',>■.•'.'-.■ '
It is announced Baron d'Euchtritz is
about to marry a Miss Crocker of Cleve
land, who fulfills the Baron's require
ments, that is, she is very wealthy, and,
says Vanity, "she possesses an unfortu
nate propensity for frizzes, and (tell it not
in Gath!) has been seen to flourish the
übiquitous toothpick after dinner^ the
skillful handling of which, however, is a
mark of distinction in the West." Now,
this particular Miss Crocker may daily
appear toothpick in hand, and I have
heard of other people who did likewise,
but we all mentally, even in California,
place such people where they would be
most comfortable.
Last year "Cheiro" interested NewYorK
profoundly in palmistry, and he is again in
New York, charging $5 to every one who
consults him. He is expected to be the
fad and hostesses are counting on having
him amuse their guests after lunch or
dinner.
At the present moment green stones are
the most fashionable, and of course emer
alds come first under this head, "green
diamonds and green sapphires being too
small and rare for consideration." It is
said that almost every emerald has some
defect, one without a flaw is simply price
less.
Next to emeralds come peridots, by
which name Indian chrysolites are known
in France. These stones are difficult to
cut or polish, being very soft, but are said
to be lovely stones, being of a clear leaf
green. They look almost yellow when
placed beside the blue tone of color of the
emerald. Both of these stones gain a new
beauty when set with diamonds. "About
twenty years ago a fashion came in of set
ting peridots with enamel and surround
ing them with pearls. This fashion now
seems to have returned."
Watches, except tiny jeweled or beauti
fully enameled ones, are never now worn
by women who pay any attention to Dame
Fashion's mandates. Pearls are steadily
decreasing in value, being no longer
fashionable. "T/pAT--,
Now that most of our gowns require
much braiding, embroidery or lacework
and the dressmakers make such absurd
charges for expert handwork, clever girls
everywhere are learning to do these things
for themselves. For example, one ex
quisite creation has its sleeves of rose-pink
satin embroidered with fine black chenille
in coral designs. The effect was excellent
and not difficult of execution. I have just
seen a gown from one of our best women,
and owing to the fact that there was some
little embroidery about it there was an
extra charge of $10, which the owner of
the gown could have, saved as easily as
not, being herself a skilled needlewoman.
A fancy of the moment are the exquisite
little bags now carried by smart women.
One of pale blue velvet has the owner's
crest embroidered in silver. Fashionable
women now have quite a collection of such
bags, as they are exceedingly useful now
that our skirts have no proper place for a
pocket. These bags must be large enough
to contain a handkerchief, bonbonniere
and vinaigrette. They are usually of vel
vet and embroidered with a crest or mono
gram, a silver or gold tassel finishes the
bag, where the fabric is drawn together.
The strings are double.
Berkeley is to have golf links, so next
week I will give some descriptions of some
good costumes, as the women are taking
quite as much interest as the men.
Mr. Irving and Miss Terry will shortly
be in Chicago and while here Irving is go
ing to present a drama which he decided
not to venture on in either London or New
York, for in it Miss Terry takes the part
of a leper. Positively I think this carry
ing the craze for realism too far and am
rather surprised at Mr. Irving giving such
a play his serious consideration. However
I presume the theater will, under the cir
cumstances, be packed nightly, for many
enjoy extremes liking to either laugh, cry
or have a creepy feeing, and Ellen Terry
as a leper will certainly produce that sen
sation. Makcella. .
TOE MEN,
White evening -waistcoats are cut very
low and have no collar. The buttons
NEW TO-DAY.-
YfIIFJE
t CHOICE
THIS * *
WEEK * *
One Wonderful Application
To restore yonr gray or faded hair to its natural
color. This is done with m V famous FOUR-PAY
HAIR RESTORER that i's banishing gray hair
from the world. Only $1 per bottle, or
One Electrical Facial Massage
treatment to restore faded faces to youthful fresh-
ness, to smooth wrinkled complexions, to make
our beauty the envy of your social world, or one
trial box of the world celebrated
Lola Montez Creme
__ -!! ' _ . 0 5.** *- tlssue builder that makes thou-
sands of ladles happy because it protects them
against dire ravages of time and climate and
keeps them in their proud position as the best-
king ladles where they Mve. Costs 75c for
large Jar. Be sure yon buy the genuine. •
...n A *°.-[ *-*? OUT OF TOWN should send me
full particulars of their case. All sending 10c in
stamps get book of instructions, trial dox of
LOLA MONTEZ CREME, FACE POWDER free.
SUPERFLUOUS UWiTS
H A TT? -""""J**" guarantee permanent removal
■■ -OLAxiv st this distressing blemish.
MRS, NETTIE HfrRRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
40 and 42 Geary St., San Francisco, Cal.
mast be six inches apart. They are double
breasted.
The tan suede gloves have not been as
much the rage as was predicted in New
York, but the cape gloves will be in great
vogue shortly, having been worn for more
than a year in London.
Every one has had a blue melton over
coat tnis winter and now New Yorkers are
all ordering the long frock overcoats,
which have just a suspicion of a shape at
the bottom.
On a coatsleeve there should always be
three buttons and their button-holes must
be real, not shams.
All men who go out much find it an
economy to have an opera-hat, as a silk
hat is soon ruined if worn to the theater.
Colored shirts continue to be considered
smart, and the cuffs must match the
material of which the shirt is made.
On top hats the black felt bands should
be two and a half inches wide.
Openwork and embroidered socks are
selected by some men for balls, dinners, etc.
The latest style of walking-sticks are
made of corrugated wood.
Buckhorn handles of the finest quality
are used for the most expensive umbrellas
and sticks, and for substantial corkscrews
NEW TO-DAY.
\— -
t p_ • ■»
-_T— ~"*~ — — — — — ■■ I I ■ 1 1 im 1111 •— V*"
Tumblers Tumble!
On Monday, Tuesday and Wed-
nesday only we will sell fine thin
Engraved Glasses at 60c per dozen
—a splendid bargain. The newest
shape for Claret, Lemonade, Soda,
Etc., Etc.
Also a practical well-made Night
Lamp for _^7_ •
CENTS. ■**^|| CENTS.
Burns 30 hours without refilling.
See them in the window.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve 1 !.
WANQENHEIM, STERNHEin & CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
. BELOW MONTGOMERY.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
I I $Z.iU*Ja
_r
i 7 lk
DON'T PASS this ey,
*\rO\V 13 THE TIME TO BUY CIIEAP, AS WE
1.1 are still blockaded- by the Spreckels fence, and
! we are willing to make big reductions In the prices
of our Shoes as an -inducement to our customers.
This week we are making . a special drive on La
die..' Lace Shoes. They . have fine Dongola Kid
Vamps, Cloth or Kid Tops, Pointed or Medium
Square Toes and I V-shaped Patent Leather Tips
with pliable soles, and we will sell them for
$2.35.
They are worth at least $3, and can be guaran-
teed in every way.
$1.35. j££»
Here ls a. bargain, and no mistake, and Ladies
who wear Oxford Ties should take advantage of It-
Ladies' Dongola Kid Oxfords, with Pointed Toes, '
Patent Leather Tips and FRENCH STITCH
HEELS and Hand-Turned soles, for .
$i.35.
They are easy on - the feet and require no break-
ing In. Widths < . D and E. They retail regularly
for $2 and 92 50. ■'. "■
JRJ* Country orders solicited,
JOST Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
A SMART GOWN.
for bachelors, mounted in silver, they are
sensible presents.
The Eton collar has been so generally
in favor that itis now considered common.
The conservative choker is considered
good form.
As usual, the overcoats for spring are of
a yellowish brown cloth, with a collar of
the same. Such coats reach to within an
inch and a half of the knee. The buttons
are of horn and the seams strapped and
there are two openings at the back.
All clothes are being made looser. The
coats are broader and larger. '-'•/.
■ Collars show a tendency to increase in
height, to the regret of the men with short
necks.
Ties are in dark blue and black and in
bright reds and greens. The new shades
are few "in number, but the designs are
varied which appear upon them. •< .1 ;
Gloves are bright brown or vivid red, and
the gants de suede are also worn.
A pot-hat cannot be worn with a frock
coat. We are promised higher crowns for
spring wear. 'A.':/
Until quite recently John Drew has been
dressing badly, to every one's surprise, but
he is now reported to have secured a new
tailor, who turns him out in excellent
form. C. C.
NEW TO-DAT.
Sole Agents for the '
MAQQIONI KID .GLOVES.
WE OFFER THIS WEEK AT OUR
ANNUAL SALE
Over 20,000 Pieces of
Muslin Underwear
—COMPRISING
Gowns,
Skirts,
. Chemises,
Drawers and
Corset Covers
AT PRICES .NEVER
BEFORE HEARD OF.
We only ask an inspection— the price
and quality are bound to be irresistible.
NIGHT GOWNS,
At 65c, 75c. 85c, $1, $1 35, $1 65 to $4 50
i eacb. Less tban cost to manufacture.
SKIRTS
At 50c, 75c, 90c, $1 15, $1 35, $1 50, $1 90
to $4 75 each. The material alone can-
not be purchased for the price.
CHEMISES
At 50c, 65c, 75c, 85c, $1, $1 25 to $190
each. Away below regular prices.
DRAWERS
At 25c, 35c, 40c, 45c, 65c, 75c, 85c. $1 to
$3 a pair. This is about half price.
CORSET COVERS
At 25c, 50c, 70c, 75c. 95c, $1, $115 to
$1 50 each. Worth twice as much.
Our recular patrons cannot afford
to miss this opportunity.
NEWMAN TLEVINSON,
135, 137, 139, 131 KearnySt.
Branch Store 743 and 744 Market £t.
COS3VEOr»OIjITA._\r,
Opposite U. .S. Mini, 100 and 102 Fifth st., san
¥ rancisco, Cal — The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, 31, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room.' Meals '25c. Kooms, 500
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
.Look for the coach bearing the name of the Co*
mopolitaa Hotel. WM. FAHEY, Proprietor.THE YOUNGEST PATRIOTS
Formation of the Society of Chil
dren of the American
Revolution.
THE ANNIVERSARY EXERCISES
Recitations, Patriotic Songs and a
Lecture on American Shrines
by Rev. E. R. Dille.
The first society of children of the
American Revolution on the Pacific Coast
■was organized a few days since by the
election of the following named officers:
Mrs. S. lsabelle Hubbard, president; Sara'
Cone Bancroft, vice-president;- David'
Staples fainter, recording secretary; Flora
May Walton, corresponding secretary ;
Isabel Dennison, treasurer; Helen A. Hal
lowell, registrar; Ralph "Watts Ward well,,
historian; Herbert Ross Baker, color
bearer. "" '
The new society, of which the following
are charter members— lsabel Dennison,
Leonidas R. Dennison, Jennie Stanford
Lathrop, Edward Richter Polhemus,
Phoebe W. Painter, Lizzie D. Painter,
David S. Painter, Elizabeth M. Moores,
Charles B. Moores. Helen A. Hallowell,
Gertrude Holt Lofthouse, Mary Alvord
Keeney, Charles C. Keeney, Elizabeth R.
Keeney, Elsie Tallant, Selden S. Tallant,
John D. Tallant, Herbert R. Baker, Leavitt
Baker, Helen Baker, Dorothy Baker. Louis
Dorr, Elsie Dorr, Flora M. Walton,- Martin
C. "\\ alton, Jr., Elo ; se *N. Scoville, Sara ' '.
Bancroft, Karl August Bancroft, Ralph W.
"Wardwell, innes Spotts Keenev, William'
Hooper Jouett, John Hamilton .Touch—
celebrated Washington's birthday in the
public parlor of the Occidental Hotel yes
terday afternoon in the presence of a large
audience* present by invitation and em
bracing many of the most prominent
people of the City.
Alter an eloquent prayer by the Right
Rev. F. Nichols. L. A. Larse "rendered in
splendid voice, "I am King o'er Land and
Sea." Mrs. A. S. Hubbard gave an inter
esting history of the formation of the Na
tional Society of Children of the American
Revolution, upon the suggestion of Mrs.
Daniel Lothrop at the Continental Con
gress of the Daughters of the American
Revolution, held in Washington City last
February.
Mrs. Hubbard stated that the object of
the society is to inspire a spirit of patriot
ism in the rising generation, to teach the
young ones American history and rever
ence for the American flag. She also
stated that another object of the society is
to increase veneration for the flag ami to
teach the people to rise whenever "The
Star-spangled Banner' is played or sung
within doors and to salute by raising the
hat when it is played out of doors.
Miss Alice Partridge gave a vocal solo,
followed by a recitation, "The Revolution
ary Rising," by Miss Mabel Sweetland.
Helen A. Hallowell, the registrar of the
new society, a bright Miss of 15, who was
introduced as the rrreat-great-grand-daugh
ter of Valentine Holt, explained in a sweet,
clear voice why the society had been
named for her relative. She said:
This society selected the name of one, who,
when but 13 years of age, by reason of his
fearlessness, bravery and patriotism, was
< 'ion by his brother-in-law. Captain Benja
min trnhain, to be the bearer of dispatches, a
position thai was usually given to men of
mature years. Yet, despite his youth, Valen
tine Holt discharged his duties to the satis
faction of Ins superiors. In carrying hit mes
sages he was forced to contend against the
Indians as well ___ the .English troops.
Valentine was not the first to bring the name
Holt into prominence, for among the earliest
records of Andover, Mass., the name of Holt
appears. Nicholas Holt, born in 160-2, the
great-great-grandfather of Valentine, reached
Boston from Southampton J tine 3, 1635, on the
■hip James, and went to Newbury, and ten
years later moved to Andover, his family being
the sixth to settle there. He became one of
the largest land-owner, there and was one of
the prominent officers of the town.
He was the one who superintended the staking
of the boundary lines between Andover and
Reading, and he was the founder oi a long line
of descendants noted for their education,
fourteen of whom graduated from Harvard.
February 11, 1678, when tho freehold of
* Andover took the oath of allegiance, six mem
bers of the Holt family registered. Joseph,
the father of Valentine, graduated from Har
vard with the degree of A.M., and he was a
<..; tain during the French-Indian war. He
wrote a journal of his expedition to Canada
which was published by one of the foremost
historical societies of the United States.
The records of the Pension otliee show that
Valentine, born Christmas day, 1763, in pur
suance of an agreement made between his
father and Captain Farnhai:., when thirteen
years old was taken from Wilton, X. H., to
which place his family had removed, to Bos*
ton, where Captain Farnham's company was
stationed, reaching there in February, 1777,
and at once entered Into the service as bearer
of dispatches. Captain Fan* hum, who was
one of the 180 present at the corner-stone
laying at Bunker Hill, was twice wounded
during the war at the battle of Bunker Hill.
Young Holt went to Danbury, Conn., where
he joined Colonel TupDer's regiment and with
it proceeded to Fishkill, as Ge.ieral Burgoyne
was advancing from Ticonderoga, X. Y. The
regiment was ordered to a point near Saratoga.
From there he was sent as the bearer of im
portant dispatches to Adams, Berkshire
County, Mas.-., and from there to Wilton, K. H.
On the* way there he narrowly escaped being
captured by the English troops, but reached
his destination in safety. He was in the battle
of Bennington, Vt.. August lb, 1777, under
General Stark. Owing to great disturbances
he did not reach Captain Farnham until five
days after Burgoyne had surrendered at Sara
toga. Valentine was discharged in November
of that year near West Point, but he re-en
listed in July of the following year in Captain
Burrows' company in Colonel Nichols' reg
iment raised in. New Hampshire for the de
fense of the colonies.
He was honorably mustered out October 22,
when nearing his seventeenth birthday. He
filed his application for a pension sixty-four
years after he left the army and he lived to
round out his fourscore years by the time he
was called to his fathers.
There is no likeness of Valentine Holt, but
there is one of Lydia, his daughter, who was
born 103 years ago, and his youngest lineal
descendant and bearing his name is Gertrude
Holt Lofthouse, two years and a half old and a
charter member of our society.
Valentine Holt's great-great-grandson is a
member of the Sons of the American Revolu
tion, and was the only member of tho National
Society ever admitted under age.
The speaker closed with a patriotic allu
sion to those who fought for liberty and
country under the greatest of American
heroes and patriots, whose anniversary was
then being celebrated wherever floats the
stars and stripes.
"The Legend of the Chimes" was ren
dered by R. P. Evans, Mrs. George L.
Darling, Miss Alice Partridge and L. A.
Larsen, Roscoe Warren Lucy being the
accompanist. Tim was followed by a reci
tation, "The Horseman in the Sky," by
Miss Daisy Kimbal, in a feeling manner.
Colonel J. C. Currier, on behalf of Mrs.
l.elanu Stanford, presented to the society
a handsome flag, which was received with
titling words, spoken with a ring of patriot
ism, by Miss Sara Cone Bancroft, vice
president, who placed it in the keeping of
Color-bearer Ross, who stood between
Selden Stuart Tallant and John Drury
Tallant. beautiful children, attired in
colonial costumes of velvet and wearing
white Wigs.
The sin-ring of the "Star-spangled Ban
ner" by Miss Darling, the audience stand
ing while it was sung, was followed by a
recitation by Miss Hattie V. Martin. The
subject was ai'atriot.c poem. "The Fight
of Armstrong*Pnvateer." It was rendered
in a most excellent manner and with a
power of elocution tbat but few possess
and won for her loud marks of approval.
I he entertainment was brought to a close
by "American Shrines," a leetuie by Rev.
E. R. Dille, and illustrated with a number
of stereopticon views illustrating many
places and objects which Americans love
and revere. During the lecture Miss Ethel
Downs recited "Paul Reveres Midnight
"Th PT d . Mrs - Hemans ' beautiful poem
" The Pilgrims."
The audience before dispersing sang
"America," and Bishop Nichols pro
nounced the benediction. .
"The exercises over, Major Hoopei invited
the members of the new society into an
adjoining room, where he regaled them
bountifully with icecream and cakes.
. The invited guests were as follows:
Hon. and Mrs. William Alvord, Miss Alma
Priscilla Alden, Mr. and Mrs. T. Z. Blakeman,
Mrs. John Bidwell, Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mr. and
Mrs. L. C. Branch, Mrs. Emily E. Barstow, Mr.
and Mrs. A. L. Bancroft, Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus
El wood Brown, Miss Alberta Bancroft, Mr. and
Mrs. Spencer C. Buckbee, Miss Edith D.Buck
ingham, Mrs. Scipio Craig. Mrs. George A. Crux,
Miss Fannie J. Chipman, Miss Alice M. Chipman,
Mr. and Mr%. J. M. Chretien, Mrs. Thomas R.
Church, Mr. and Mrs. William B. Carr. Miss
Gertrude M. Church; Mrs. Joseph Durbrow,
Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Dennison. Mrs. Alfred S.
Moore, Mrs. I. H. Maddux, Miss Lulu 1..* Mad
dux, Mrs. Joseph L. Moody, Mrs. Arthur W.
Moore, Mrs. C. W. Moores, Mrs. Osgood Put
nam, Colonel and Mrs. William R. Smed
berg, Miss Cora Smedberg, Mrs. Harold
M. Sewell, Mrs. . A. A. Sargent, Mrs.
George Law Smith, Miss Maude A. Smith, Mrs.
Peter B. Simons, Mrs. Lizzie W. C. Tripp, Miss
Mary C. Taliaferro, Mrs. S. H. Van V yck, Mrs.
Marie R. Voorhies, Mrs. Selden S. Wright, Mrs.
Henry Wetherbce, Mrs. Edward Williams, Rev.
aud Mrs. Abbott, Rev. and Mrs. E. R. Dille,
A. B. Paul, Rev. and Mrs. William Ford
Nichols, Mrs. Peter B. Simons, Hon. and Mrs.
E. W. McKinstry. Colonel and Mrs. Currier
and daughter. Major and Mrs. Vf. B. Hooper,
Mrs! C. H. Sherman, B. Vandercook, Mrs. bo
land Stanford, Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Lathrop. Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Wright, Mr. and Mrs. Horace
Davis, Mr. and Mrs. Sydney M. Smith. Colonel
and Mrs. a. D. Culler, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Evans,
Mrs. 1.. J. Johnson, Naomi Johnson. Dr. and
Mrs. W. L. Dickenson, Dr. and Mrs. F. J.
■French, Dr. and Mrs. C. W. Farnum, Mr. and
Mrs. S. W. Holladav, Mr. aud Mrs. D. W. Hors
burgh, Mrs. Margaret M. Jones, Miss Elizabeth
Jones, Mrs. John R. Jarboe, Mr. and Mrs. C. M.
Keenev. Mrs. Henry McLean Martin, Mrs. A.
M. Wadwell, Mrs. 1). Henshaw Ward, Mr. and !
Mrs. John J. Scoville, Dr. and Mrs. L. L. Dorr,
Mr. and Mrs. G. P. Marais, Mrs.C. A. Haliowell.
Dr.* and Mrs. Yeamans, D. J. Staples, Mr. and
Mrs. Martin C. Walton, Mr. and Mrs. Edward
Polhemus. .-.■•
.- ■ . . — *
SONS OF THE REVOLUTION.
They Hold Their Annua! Meeting
and Celebrate the Day With
a Banquet.
The twenty-first annual meeting of the
California Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution was held yesterday
in Pioneer Hall. Washington's Birthday
was celebrated by the society in the even
ing by a dinner al the Occidental Hotel.
At the meeting the secretary reported
that the membership was 165, and it had
gained 72 during the year. The treasurer
stated that the society was in. a sound
financial condition. Officers for the ensu
ing year were elected as follows:
E. W. McKinstry, president; Sidney M.Smith,
senior vice-president; Colonel J. C Currier,
junior vice-president; Edwin Bonnell, secre
tary; Charles H. Warner, treasurer; Colonel
A. S. Hubbard, registrar; W. S. Moses, marshal;
directors— Dr. C. J. Burnham, Robert Vander
cook, A. D. Sheppard, Horace Davis, K. S.
Gray, S. V, . Hoiladay.
Delegates to the sixth National congress,
which meets in Minneapolis, April 30— Judge
E. w. McELinßtry, Sidney M. Smith, Colonel
Edward Hunter. I*. S. A., Captain J. E. Saw ver,
I*. S. A., John W. Moore, U. S. N. Alternates—
Hon. Daniel Cleveland, Mark L Requa, Horace
Davis, G. T. Folsom, T. YVorthington Hubbard.
The following-named descendants of
revolutionary soldiers were elected to
membership in the society:
GeoTge T. Folsom, George E. Howe, Robert I.
Bromley, M.D., Walter A. Hawley, Joseph W.
Ward, Alphonse Crazne, James .*Farrington.
Robert O. Collier, W. 11. George, M.D.
The banquet was held in the cafe of the
Occidental Hotel amid decorations of the
tricolor. At its close Colonel J. C. Currier
rapped for order and at ted as toastmaster.
The toast of "George Washington" was
responded to by E. W. McKinstry, presi
dent of the society! Mr. McKinstry said
that had Washington lived to-day he
would have commanded the respect and
love of the people, and yet could not have
made the same name for himself among
the rich of the cities. Washington, the
sneaker said, once known was loved.
Many instances might be cited to show his
great military talent. There were many
greater warriors, but his accomplishments
—offensive and defensive in his limited
sphere — were enough to make men believe
he would have ranked among the greatest
of warriors on larger battlefields.
When he had accomplished his hard
and arduous task of the revolution he laid
down the insignia of power and retired to
the simple home life for which he had
longed throughout his tumultuous career.
Washington deserved men's affection, as
well as esteem. He was not alone first in
war and first in peace, but during his life
he was first iv the hearts of his fellow
citizens.
C. L. P. Marrais responded to the toast
of "France, Our Sister Republic." He
compared the two republics, and showed
a similarity between the free institutions
of each. y/y /";/.,
"The Army and the Navy" was received
with enthusiasm, and Colonel J. G. C. Lee,
U. S. A., responded to the toast. The sub
ject was such, the speaker declared, that
he felt timid in speaking for the army and
navy. A member of the army or navy be
comes an integral part of either; they existed
long before he came, and they will remain
after he has gone. He is, as it were, but
a mote in the sunbeam. With this intro
duction he changed his theme to Ameri
canism and said that the SD.rit of 1776 was
the truest kind of Americanism. There
was enough left, but much of that is now
too strongly engrafted on other move
ments not good for the American nation.
Unrestricted immigration demanded the
consideration of America, he said. It was
a leaven that needed to be purged out.
The army of the United States, it is
popularly believed, can at any time be in
creased to 8,000,000 able-bodied men; but
they need to be disciplined and provided
for, and that is why there is a small stand
ing army. He churned the Revolutionary
Sons that they should* remember the
future. The Nation should . pay an in
surance — the cheapest insurance it could
pay — and make the army a little larger.
Five millions a year would be only $100,
--000,000 in twenty years. The War of the
Rebellion cost America more than ten
times as much.
Colonel Lee declared that coast defenses
and a proper navy were absolutely neces
sary. Speaking of Hawaii, he said:
"Hawaii is the outpost of this coast. It
is as. essential to the safety ; of the whole
coast as the heights of the' Golden Gate
are to San Francisco." He held that the
United States should possess Hawaii and
the people of the Pacific Coast should
hope and pray for the Nicaragua canal.
A. B. Paul spoke to the "Order of the
Cincinnati." He gave the history of this
illustrious society and coming down to the
present time said that the success of the
Revolution, and, therefore, of the Order
of the Cincinnati was due to France
largely, and now the French Republic is
to a great extent the result of the Ameri
can Revolution.
The address of Colonel A.D. Cutler, who
was unable to be present, was read by Ed
win Bonnell, secretary of the order. It
was upon the aims and purposes of the
"California Sops of the American Revolu
tion."
Judge Williams delivered an impromptu
speech on "The Judiciary." Other in
formal speeches were made by Samuel W.
Hoiladay, J. W. Ward, C. E. King and J.
M. Bailey.
A Dog Brought the Pardon. j
It was a dog that brought liberty to a
convict in the Kentucky penitentiary re
cently. The intelligent brute acted as a
messenger between Governor Brown and
the felon, carrying the pardon in' its
mouth from the executive mansion to the
prison, and, after gaining admittance, to
the recipient of clemency, himself. The
dog is the property of the Governor, and
the convict is O. G. Garden of Louisville,
who was sentenced two years ago to serve
a term of eight years for manslaughter.
For some time Garden has been em
ployed as a "trusty" at the'executive man
sion, doing shores and running errands.'
The dog, a fine-looking specimen of the
shepherd breed, is a rainily pet, ana is un
usually intelligent.
It was part of Garden's duty to look
after the animal, and they came to be fast
friends. When the prison doors were
opened in the morning the collie was there
to meet his convict friend and accompany
him to the mansion. At night he returned
with his striped playmate to the grim
portals.
When the pardon was made out it was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1*96.
suggested" that the dog be permitted to
carry the welcome of freedom to his
devoted friend. The paper was inclosed
in a stout envelope and given -to the ani
mal, which was told to go to the peniten
tiary. With a wag <of its tail it left -the
mansion and ran down the old accus
tomed route-to the prison. A telephone
message apprised the - guards- of his
coming, ana he was admitted without
delay. _-__-PVB^jjg^|gKHg_9 [IMJlilllljf
Garden was in the yard patiently await
ing the arrival of the Governor's message
never dreaming that the dog had been se
lected. Catching sight of the well-known
face the dog ran up to the convict and laid
the envelope at his feet. The glad cry of
happy surprise that the overjoyed pris
oner gave vent to on catching up the offi
cial envelope and tearing it open wa3
re-echoed by a succession of joyous barks
from the four-footed harbinger of good
tidings. — Cincinnati Enquirer.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of.
rainfall, of melted snow in, inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by lair weather; "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
When the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the const, and the isobars extend north and
south along the coast, rain is probable; but when
the "low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With a
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, Warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
an opposite result. '
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture, Weather Bureau, San- Francisco, Feb
ruary 22. 1896, 5 p. ii.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the game date last sea
son: Eureka 24.73, last season 31.74; Red Bluff
13.67, last season 25.13; San Francisco 12.43, last
Season 21.88; Freino 4.09, last season 11.18: San
Luis Obispo 12.25, last season 22.40; Los Angeles
5.91. last season 11.67; Sun Diego 2.82, last season
10.1C; _ lima .46, last season 2.99.
I he following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
— , Fresno 74, i.os Angeles 72. Bed Bluff 74. inde
pe.vl nee — , San Diego 64, San Francisco 64, San
Luis Obispo 76, Yuma 76.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 47. mean 06. here was no rainfall
during the past 24 hour... —  .
The pressure is highest this evening over Idaho
and lowest along the coast. The skies are cloudy
in Washington and Oregon and partly cloudy in
Northern California. The winds are easterly alone
the Washington and Oregon coast, and the con
ditions seem to indicate that a moderate storm is
approaching that coast from the westward. It Is
improbable that this will cause rain in California
within the next 24 hours.
Forecast made a' San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight February 23, 1896.
Northern California— Sunday, except partly
Cloudy in the north portion; light variable winds,
becoming southeasterly along the northern coast.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light north
erly winds.
Nevada, Utah and Arizona Fair Sunday. 'aHFl
San Francisco and vicinity— Probably partly
cloudy Sunday : fresh. variable winds.
W. 11. Hammon, Forecast Official.
THE CALL CAI.EXDAB. i
February, 1696.
-M.
3
10
Tu.j W.lTh,
4 6 6
11 12 13
18 19 20
i25 26 127 I
■
6
m\m
T.T
7 8
I i ,
14 Id j
21 23
Isslatl
Fr. Sa.
01 New Moon.
,'«/ February J3
i-/=*\ Last Qnart<
*V February
Moon's Phases.
3 First Quart'
February 2
17
\{£\ Full Mo
j Vfe'Februaiy
24
OCEAN STKASIKKS.
Dates of Departure irom San ''r*.nri«ro.
BTMMEB. | DESTINATION- |
s a : i.s.
| PIER.
Pomona I
Stata of Cai I
Santa Kosa.. '
Walla Walla
81 Paui......
Wlllamt al
City Pekine.
ArtLKO ,
Faralion !
H0mer...... I
Empire
Weeott
! tiu mbol
I Portißna.^
I San Sleeo •
j Vic <t Pgt Snd
NewDort j
fiferico... '.....
China & Japan
, uoos ±>av
i V aaulna Blur.
' Coos Bft
i'ortland
' Eel River
; San Dioco
1 I'ortlana
' Panama
' Stvroon ......
I Vic i»et Bndj
1 Portland.
]Feb*23. '2pm Pierl)
Feb 23.10am I Pier 24
Feb lam; PierlL
Feb 24. 9am Pier 9
F»b2S. 9am Pier 11
Feb 25,10am Pier 11
Feb 25. 3pm PMSS
! Feb 25,10am I'lerlS
; Feb 26. spm Pier 'i
Feb 25. spm Oceanic
Feb 28, 6pm Pier 13
Feb 26. 9am Pier IS
Feb 27.l lam I Pier 11
Feb 28,10am Pier 24
Feb 28,12 m PMSS
Feb 29. «am Pier 11
•Feb 29. 9am Pier B
Mch •-' i'i-r la
Corona I
Columbia.... i
Baa Jose
Ktireica !
Umaillla |
A Rlauciiani ■
STK..MEKS TO ABKIVE.
Steam —
| Dun
Costa Rica i Departure Bay
Araeo I Coos Boy
StPaui ! Newport . ...*."
San Jose ! Panama.
Mackinaw Tacoma
Empire J Portland .-
Columbia j Portland
Homer Coos iiay
Farallon.. Yaocina Hay
TrucKee | Tillamook '„.
South Coast...:. ! Portland...
Begic : China and Japan ;,
Corona San Diego
Umatilla ! Victoria _ Pucet Sound
Queen ; Portland
Crescent City... t Crescent City ;.
Wellington ; Departure Bay
Eureka 'Newport
Alice Blancnard I Portland .'
Point _om_ . . .. Grays li arbor "...
Colon.. I Panama
Santa Rosa. j San Diearo
State of Cal . Portland .....
City of Pueoia.. I Victoria _ Puicet' Sound
Del Norte Grays Harbor .......
Doric Liverpool
..Felt '23
..Fen 23
..Feb 23
..Feb 29
..Feb 23
..Feb 23
..Feb 24
..Feb '24
..Feb 24
..Feb. 24
..Feb 21
..Feb 25
..Feb 25
..Feb 28
..Feb 25
..Feb 26
..Feb 27
..Feb 27
..Feb 27
..Fen 29
..Feb 29
..Feb 29
. M _ l 1
..Mch 1
..Hob l
..Mch 1
U
SIN, MOON AND TIDE. *'7
U. S. Coast and Okodetic Survey Tina - )
BCI,_KTIN- Pdblisitkd by Official V
AUTHORITY op the SUPItBI.NTKSDKXT. J '
Sunday, leb. '_•:!. Sumlay, Feb. 23.
irises 6.50, Sun setß 5.58
February— lß96.
>►&? Feet Timg
gIH \V! L W
Feet'ZlEli Feet
II W
flan
L v.
i Feet
:3 0.U4 ! - 5.0 1.55
!li W j Feet H W
4 1.01 j 3.(1 7.15
IS 2.15 2.7 8.20
■ H 3.17 2.5 9.20
'7 4.11 2.0 1 10.17 !
18 j 5.00' 1.4 11.08
| h W | F*-« \j W
® 0.16 4.9 5.50
1 ' ■
1| 0.45| 6.1 6.41
: FeeilL, W| Fe^tlH W
| 6.2 2.48-0.9; 1n.17!
; 6.4 3.35-1.2 10.501
i 5.5 4.17 — 1.3 1 11.1ft
! 6.6 4.58:— 1.1j11. 48i
j s.s| e.i'i'-o.s 1 ... .
, Feei ; H W Feel i L W
0.9 12.01 5.3 8.88
I !
1 0.5; 12.64 4.9 7.02
I Feet
3.9
i 12
4.'J
4.4
' 47
F('-et
|-0.4
0.2
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides tha
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of tho day ln the
Onier of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third? tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are hut three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United • States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then ths number ■ given is subtractlve
from Hie depth given by the charts :
SHIPriNO iNTELJ-IGENCE.
' Arrive'!.
SATURDAY. February 22.
Stmr Progreso, Anderson, 4 days from Seattle;
2500 tons coat, to P B Cornwall.
stmr Pomona, Doran. 16 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Coodail, Perkins it Co.
Stmr Uonita, Smith, 22 hours from Santa Rosa
Island, etc; produce, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Ship Levi G Burgess, Younggren. 12y days from
Departure Bay; 2500 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir A
Co. .
Bark Albert, Griffiths. 17 days from Honolulu;
pass and sugar, to Williams, Dimond A Co.
Schr Ocean spray, Nelson, 24 hours from Tver
sons Landing; wood and posts, to N Irenes. «*;
Sailed.
SATURDAY, February 22.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendocino. >
Stmr Westport. Jacobs.
Stmr Excelsior, Higgins.
Stmr San Benito, Smith, Tacoma.
Ger bark H Hackfeld, Barber, Honolulu.
Whal bark Oavhead. Foley, whaling.
Schr Etta B, Madseu, Fort Boss.
Schr W F Jewett, Johnson.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— February 22-10 p it— Weather
thick; wind calm.
Domestic Ports. "r.7:.'7.
NEWPORT— Arrived Feb22-SchrWm Renton,
from Sea:
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Feb 22-Schr W S
Phelps, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 22-Schr Ethel Zaue,
from San Pedro. •
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Feb 22— Bark Mercury
for San Francisco; bktn Katie Flicklnger, from
Port Blakelev ; Nor bark Prince Regent, from Van
couver, for Puget Sound.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Feb 22— Schr FS
Red field, from Newport: schr Bangor, from San
Pedro: schr Sequoia, from San Diego.
CLEONE— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Greenwood,
hence Fen 21. '■' .■-■■:■• ',■--: ■-■' py-.y.:.,
REDONDO— SaiIed Feb 22— Bark Vldette. >.-.':
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 22— Br shin Western
Monarch, for Uueenstown.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 22-Er ship Mooltan, fm
Vancouver, for Adelaide; bark Rufus E Wood, hne
Feb 15, for Nanaimo.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr South Coast,
from Astoria: schr Gotama, hence Feb 16.
Sailed Feb 22— Schr Corinthian, for san Fran
cisco; Feb 23— Stmr South Coast, lor San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 22-Schr C S Holmes,
for Port Blakeley ; brig Courtney lord, for Puget
Sound.
USA E— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Feb 21.
FORT BRAGG-Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Noyo and
Protection, for San Francisco.
Arrived Fon 22- Stmr Rival, hence Feb 21.
GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived Feb 22-Schrs Ida
McKay and Webioot. ,7 _*.'_.•
Foreign Forts.
NANAIMO-Sailed Feb 22 -Bark Gen Fairchild,
for San Francisco. '•'•. ■■
Movements of Trans- Atlantio Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Campania,
from Liverpool and Queenstown: stmr Paris, from
Southampton; stmr Weimar, from Bremen; stmr
Schiedam, from Amsterdam.
Sailed Feb Stmr X- Normandie, for Havre;
stmr Etruria. for Liverpool; stmr Prussia, for
Hamburg: stmr Bonn, for Bremen; stmr Massa
chusetts, for London.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out Feb 22— Stmr An
rania.
BREMEN— Arrived out Feb 21— Stmr Willehad.
GLASGOW— sailed Feb 21— Stmr Carthaginian,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Feb 22— Stmr New
York, for New York.
HA V RE— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr La Bretagne, for
New York.
Importations.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2 cs dry goods, 1 cs
electric goods, 72 bxs butter, 1 bbl 1 keg butter, 79
sks potatoes. 3 n-s" bxs apples, 1 pkg fish, 1 cs boots
and shoes, 42 sks peas, 1 cs personal effects; 44
pkgs household goods, 24 M ft lumber,l9 oil tanks,
7.'. m shingles, 1 cs eggs. '- sealed bags, 11 bxs fish,
1 drum oil, 1 bx bacon, 50 sks oats, 2 cs saws, 23
doors, 1 keg brandy, 1 cs cider.
PORTHARFORD-Per Fionita— l93 hogs, 217
sks beans, 11 eggs. 3i. 2 b -vs butter, 1 bdl pelts, 1
bag coffee, 3 bdls dry hides, 1 cs shoes, 1 bbl tal
low, 2 sks dried apricots.
Consignee..
Per Pomona— H Crocker A Bros; CO Miller; C
Doscher; C F; Whitney A Co; Eveleth A Nash: . C
Curtis: Dodge, Sweeney A Co;D Twedie; McKay it
Co: Neuberger, Reiss A Co; Preston __ McKinnon;
Standard Oil Co: Wells, Fargo A Co; Royal Eagle
Dlst Co; John F English : Wheaton. Breon A Co;
Slessinger A Bender: American Union Fish Co: 0
W Cross; McDonough A Runyon; F B Haight: E R
Jolly: Pacific Coast Lumber Co; WF Mitchell; R
*-*etrie A Co; 0 1> Smith ._ Co; Arctic Oil Works;
D E Allison A Co; A Sylvester; Gets Bros & Co;
A Rosaia: Dairymen's Union; Ross Hewlett;
McPherson A Rucker: Dunham, Carrigand. Co:
Brigham, Hoppe <fc Co; Norton. Teller A Co; Park
A Lacy: G Bern <fc Co; Witzel & Baker; Seegelken
A uuchner. *-■ ■
Per Bonita— C E Whitney it Co : Witzel & Baker:
Hills Bros: W B Sumner & Co;Tillmann A Bendel:
Standard Oil Co: Dodge, Sweeney it Co: A L Bryan;
J 11 Cain & Co; Hilmer, Bredhoff&Schulz; S Levy
it Co; Bissinger & Co. .-• :/ - : -*. yr .tr* ■•'*.* ;'..- ip^-p*
For TaTil' Shinning Int'lliarnr* »•>,. Ticlflh Page.
?^ OFFICE FURNITORE
_Br*B®__tf^ AND FIXTURES,
K-*iMli-' c - f ' weber & co.,
*^3 J 300 to SOB Post St.. cor. Stocktm -i
■ _-__»__
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSBIP COMPASI
CUT RATES
— —TO-—
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND. .
3E r> lx*(St Class..... ftO.OO
(Second. Class-$5.00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— lew Montgomery Street
COODALL, PERKINS CO.,
A. ■/ zhi'z*,'.' General Agent*
ASTORIA AFPOETLAI.
$2.50 Second Class? $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street. *
Columbia sails ; February IS and 28
State of California sails. .February 28 and March 4
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. xt.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Sun's.
.»*•-.' F. F. CONNOR, General Agent
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMER*. WILL SAIL FROM _/_■__»
kJ Broadway wharf, Kan Francisco, as _l_______F_\
follows: ■■
For Mary Island, J.oring, Wrangel. Juneau, Kll-
llsnooand Sitka (Alaska), at V a. xi.. Fen. 14, 29,
March 18. SO.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Fort Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and Ns.?
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). » a. m.
Feb. 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. p. it. R., at Tacoina with N. P. R. 1...
at Seattle with G. X. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. xs., F-b. 8, 7, 11, 16,
19, 23. 27. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Fort Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Lq« Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. xt., Feb.
1,6. 9, 13, 17,21, 25,29, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego,' stopping only at Port Harford
(Ran Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. xt.. Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Joss del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz. Altata and ''uaynJas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 26th of each month.
Ticket oilice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
COIPAGSIE GENERAL TRMSATLMTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH jßrifL.
I River, foot oi Morton at. Travelers by a_!agj£
this line avoid both transit oy English railway auti
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New- YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160: second-class, $110.
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf .
...... .:,~.::::.. ......Feb. 29, 1 p. m
LA NORMANDIE, Capt, Deloncle.,
....March 7, 6 a. m
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. 8aude10n..............
........March 14, 10 a. m
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe..... . 1 ■■_-•..•
■y.r-z .::.:. : March 21, 5 a. M
the* For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No.' 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <fc CO., Agents, 5 .Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
WHiTE^TA-l ME.
United States aud Hoyal Mail Steamers
. -. " ;■' .-BETWEEN 
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING KVKKY \Vi_E_i.
GABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- *»•»_
I ing to steamer anl nocommodntiori3 <fM£j&
selected :■ second cabin, $35 and 840; Maj '<.:o and
Teutonic, steerage Tickets ' from • England, ! Ire-
land, - Scotland,* Sweden, Norway ; and .• Denmark
through to Sau Francisco at lowest rates. v Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General office of. the Company, 618 MarKet street,
under Grand Hotel. .--,. G. W. FLETCHER, , .
General Agent lor Pacific Coast. "■ ,
AUCTION SALES.
I At Auction
TUESDAY-
TUESDAY ........ . FEBRUARY 3 5, 1896
At 12 o'clock Noon,
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
Investment
Properties!
1 UjJO! UGOi
A GRAND PIECE OF
SUTTER-ST. PROPERTY,
Known as the
■ i - i .A-Xj__33_-:_A__Nr_D__=ll-A-,"
South Side of Sutter St., 41:2*4 East of
Jones St., Lot 65x137:6 Feet.
RENTAL $800 PER MONTH.
This new and elegantly constructed 5-story
modern hotel building,
''THE ALEXANDRIA,"
Contains everything known to architects for
the convenience of patrons of a first-class
family hotel; it is subdivided into 120 sunny,
cheerful and pleasant rooms, comprising grand
halls, elegant reception-rooms, parlors, billiard-
rooms, family rooms, in suit or single; fine eleva-
tor; in the basement is a complete outfitfor the
elevator; laundry appliances, and everything that
the demands require for a strictly first-class house,
or if desired the building is well arranged and can
be rented for oflices. Doctors, dentists, artists and
all professional people are making Suiter st. the
great headquarters, resort and thoroughfare for
every profession useful to the lummy family. For
a professional not to be located on Sutter st. is to
be out of the swim.
Examine this property for an Investment; a rare
opportunity for a large piece of Sutter-st. property;
a chance once in a lifetime.
PALATIAL RESIDENCE
And Lot 137:6x1.17:6 feet, on north line
of Broadway, 137:6 feet east of Fill-
more street — the very apex of I'aciiic
Heights.
This elegant mansion is one' of the choicest
homes In this City; contains 18 rooms, comprising
Beautiful Parlors, Reception-room., Library, Bil-
liard Room. Elegant Dining-room and several
Bedrooms, Grand Hall, frescoes and elaborate or-
namentations throughout the residence; elegant
grounds, with stable for several horses, and the
grand and . imposing view of San Francisco bay,
the islands, the Marin. Sonoma, Napa and Contra
Costa Hills, and a constantly moving marine pan-
orama-view unequaled in the world.
The Mansion and stable and the entire lot, 137:6
xl37:t> feet, will bs offered as an entirety or
THE BEST 50= VARA
For residence in the city: north line of Broadway,
between -Webster and Fillmore streets.
In Four (4) Large Subdivisions— 34:4' .x
137:6 Feet,
Reserving the improvements. A more perfect and
sightly location for a home 'cannot be found in the
city. The homes of our best citizens surround this
mansion and grounds. Broadway Is bituminized
and In splendid condition. Car accommodations
to every portion of city.
Improved NW. Corner Fillmore and
Jackson Streets. ***■•'•
Improvements consist of
8 FRENCH FLATS,
Of 7 and 6 rooms and bath and a bav-window
residence of 9 rooms and bath. This is one of the
choicest locations on Pacific Heights. The prop-
erty-Is in quick demand for renting at all times;
surrounded hy streetcars, accessible to any por-
tion of theclty. Examine this for an investment.
Full rents ?235; lpt 98:-*/_xl00 feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS 50-VARA LOT,
Fouth line of Vallejo street. 137:6 feet east of
Fillmore. This is a grand location for a handsome
palatial residence. Elegant and choice neighbor-
hood. The grand view associated with the Pacific
Heights is enjoyed by this property. , Lot 137:tSx
137:6 feet. Car accommodations everywhere.
Mission Residence Lots.
Fast line Fair Oaks, north of .2jsth Two ele-
gant and sightly residence lots; choice home sites:
25x100 and 25x125.
Ridley, nr. Market and Guerrero Sts.
South lino (No. 437) of Ridley St., 140 feet east
of Guerrero; house of two tenements; rent $29;
Castro and Valencia cables: lot 25x100 feet.
Mission — Grand Corner Lot. ' ■ "
NK. corner Guerrero and 27th sts.: elegant cor-
ner: all ready for building: I choice location; 1 ex-
amine this fora home lot: 27x80 feet; also adjoin-
in.: on 27th st., with large warehouse almost full
size of lot; lot 20x77 feet; S. F. and S. M. cars.
• Bernal Heights Lots.
In Gift Map No. Ten lots, bounded . by Pow-
hattan. Bank and Butler or Folsom streets; line
view; must be sold; lots 25x70 feet.
.- For catalogues, terms, etc., Inquire Of
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
EDWARDS. SPEAR & CO.,
Furniture, Rook .* and General Auc-
tioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street. ".'
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 5181.
Furniture of the Hotel Mirabeau
-A-T ATJOTIO3M.
TUESDAV AND WEDNESDAY,
February 25 and 26,
Commencing each day at 10 a. m., we will sell on
the premises,
Corner of Ellis and Leavenworth Sts.
THE—:
Magnificent Furniture, Carpets, Dining;
Room and Kitchen Furniture of the
above Elegantly Appointed Hotel,
Comprising; the Furniture of IUS
Rooms,
....COMPBISIKO IN' PART....
25 Elegant New (Style Foiling Beds, Oak and
Cherry Bedroom .suits, Best spring and Curled-
Hair Mattresses, Live Geese Feather Pillows,
Mission Blankets and Bed Linen;
Fine Parlor Upholstery; Moquette and Body
Brussels Carpets: Lace Curtains.
Dining Tables; 150 Vienna Chairs; China and
Glass Ware: Table Linen, Etc., Etc.
NOTE— The above Furniture will first be offered
In one lot. and if a satisfactory bid Is not obtained
it will be sold piece by piece.
EDWARD S. SPEAR ._ CO.. Auctioneers, .
'.'1 and 33 Sutter street.
- OCEAN STEAMSHIPS]
SETHERLASDS AMERICA.. STEAM MR
GATIO.\ COMPAQ.
New York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
9 A. M. .
' Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin $15 " and
upward. Second cabin t'SG. Round-trip ticketsat
reduced rates. *'** Lowest steerage rates to all points.
For passage ' apply to local ticket agent or
THoMAs COOK <fc SON, Pacific Coast passenger
agents, 021 Market St., S. F.
... ■ .;■ . . .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 F. il: Daily; Except Sunday.
* PS* Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER : i
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters,
Mary Oarratt, . City of Stockton,
Telephone Main 806, CM, Nav. and Impt. CV. •
MLEJO, MARE ISLllfl, *BESICIA, PORT
COSTA All CROCKETT.
• STR.MONTICELLO, •
: Daily,' except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. .H.
. and <_.!-.__.: Saturday, T'J:3O noon;
Sunday— B p. m. ■-.
•4 p. v. only.
Lauding. Mission 1, Pier 55.".
, .......... ... ......
AUCTION SALES.
BY ORDER OF
HON, ADOLPH SUTRO.
■'■' . 14 CASH/
THURSDAY, MARCH 5, 1896,
AA. is M. . si*_a.r_p, 'at
513 o_A.l_il_H-OP?._SriA. ST.,
0. L. Blocks 225 and 224
FRONTING POINT LOBOS, 4 3 d, 44th and 4 5th AVENUES,
CLEMEN . sfKEET ' . -**
§ 7/ I '^~^[ te 'A° 1 g a
* n 1° ' '-• : ts ,g * -
Sa 4 ,J r- - L — L . J — /9 -
\: -£ a l. v 5 /J I ________!»<.
X * /* ZZS A3 •- _ /i 22+ 2/ -
J >£ 2 -5 -A' -7 .// 22 '
* J — _!-i : -*?■*" * /<? j 23 .
k // 2G - * * g p.
!?£,-?,,■. £7 ; u, g 5
.'»..ht I fir?* >. i — y- ■ '*-*■
** A1 § ,B^»'*«' s''''_5 ''''_ • **-| M i l , *
-? •*•s « 5 S ; * <* S _* -* T~TTnrV .*-:•
J -9^_/^> — — I
Only 1000 feet from Sutro Heights, close to Station of Sutro and California
Street Railroads. The peerless New Cliff, the world-renowned Baths
and the couutless attrnctions of that vicinity. "--"':-.
IN FULL VIEW OF THE PACIFIC OCEAN.
Catalogues, Diagrams and Full Particulars, at
VON RHEIN & CO., Auctioneers, 513 California Street.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPASY.
__ jjaffi Ifcu^ Coolgardie gold fields
___s_^cr*fo "^S (Freemantle), Auntra-
_^o*V > HriK/*»^}fr lla " $2 ' 20 nrst cla3s :
__\W<X __I___ZX^O\ iILV* -? 110 steerage. Lowest
,/Pw____!_s^^^*__' rates to Capetown,
SCoolfcardie gold fields
M'reeniantk), Austra-
lia; $220 first class;
1 $110 steerage. lowest
rates to Capetown,
Soulh Africa,
Australian steamer,
Spkciai. Parties.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and Anri] 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKEi-S A BROS CO.,
■ ■ General Agents.
ROYAL MAIL STEMJACRET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL JOtfRL
fortnightly for the West Indies and 43/iEttt
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgii,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Throucli bills of lading, in connection with ths
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and German*.*.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
•its*, «97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARKOTT A CO., Agents,
306 California
: 'M BAILROAP TRAVEL:
SM FRASCISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY ID.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, "9720, 11:00 A.M.; 12:35
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. xt. Thursdays-Extra trip.
at 11:30 p. xt. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p.m.
BDNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.: i:3O, 3:301
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6.2S, 7:55, 8:30, 11:10 A it-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trios
at 1 :55 p. xt. and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. it; 1:40, 3:401
5:00,6:25 p.m. , : TT
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park earns
schedule as above.
Leave T .-.». Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. 28." 8 -* n rran clsca
M'kkk I Sun- . j,.. 1 .?^.^,. Strif- i~WKKK*
Days. J days, | destination. 3AYSj [ Dayb
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, 110 .40 am 8:50 am
3:30 pm 9:30 AM l'etaluma, 6:05 pu 10:30 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. [ 7:30 pm. H:l5 pm
1 Fulton, * •
7:40 aml Windsor, 10:30 am
I' Healdsburg,
Gevserville,
8 :80 pm 8.00 am Cloverdale. j 7:30 pu 6:16 pm
I Hopland <&
Hopland A
3:00 am i Uklah." 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 a m ~ ~~ i .-. ;-. 10:30 am
8:00 am Guerneviile. 7:30 FM
8:30 pm j 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am -- am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm. and 6:05 pm 6:15 Pm
I | Glen Ellen. !
■
7:40 a M 8 .00 aml Sbt *. 110:40 AM. 10:30 am'
3:30 PM j 6:00 pm j • bct>a stopoi. j 6:o> - VM | C:l5 , M
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas. ' ~~
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Lakeport. .
Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Brags, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willeits, Calpella, Pomo, Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Lively' Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and EureKa.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticketsat reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points oe-
yond San Rafael at half rales.
Ticket Offices, 050 Marketst., Chronicle building.
H.C. WHITING, R. X.RYAN, .
■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. __
Atlantic
BAILROAD
Train* leave from and arrive <£_S3^S^l_tt___> Kj
at Mar_*e:-..;re_t Ferry. a^^__P^^yt^%
SANTA FE EXPRBSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 P. M.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St, Louis. -■>".••*. '.''PA/i/
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, , with Dining-cars,
under Harvey's management. Connecting trainr.
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3 :30 p. m. dally.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dining.-
airs. :..-.■•■:■.:■■:-■ \
1 icket Office— 644 Market Street,
I . Ckro_-iclo J_ uiiui-i-S, i
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
LOW RATES BY RAIL
T0....
i*CD__=i. , r , Xj_A.ixri_». o_fl.
SUNDAY ...FEBRUARY 23,
And Every Fifth Oay Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
Of Market St., at S:00 p. M.
A"I C A - Including Berth in Pullman Tourist
$f• O U Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In C_"l X.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, O-*-" — ■
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa»
sengers at intermediate stations, nor.will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
«y Through Tickets for Pusjet Sound
points on Sale at Reduced Rates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, . . T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
HOTTTJ_r_-_--» PACIFIC <OMPi*i7.
 (PACIFIC BYHTEM.J ' Q
TrHlias leave anil are duo fa arrive nt
NAN Fit AM CISCO. .
MtAvr. — From November 20, 1305. — AT-nira
6:«0a Haywards, Miles and V.'ay Stations.. 10:13a
7:00a Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. 8:4.'.
TsOOa IJenicii. VacaTille, itums y. Sacra-
mento, and Podding via Da-ris.... 7<lSp
7i3oa Martinez, San Rimon, Napa, Calls-
toga and .San'.;. Rosa 6:13*
•:Jl«a Nilcs, 8.111 Jose, Stocktou, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvillo, Red IJlntf
and Sundays excepted 0i0.i11e.... 4:ISp
•ttSOs Peters and Milton '.-.lir
a:00\ Kan Laandro, Haywards & Way Hfr.s 11:43a
•:0»a Los Anseles Express, Raymond,
(for Yc3cn:!tc), bants liarbara
and Los ..tifreics 4:4.1r
0:00a Martinez and Stockton 10t43*
10:VO._ San Lcaatlro, Il.ywcrtls arvl Niks . . I:t3p
12:«Om Sau Lcuni'.ro. Haywards A Way St'ns 3: .5p
1:00:- Niles, San Jcso and LiTermore H:43a
•l:C0p Sacramento River Steamers *0:00r
tl:'Jop Port Costa and Way Stations 1 ' : 4.1
:'.:oOp San Lcaniiro, Haywardsi Way Sfus 5:-_sp
4:OOp SnnLcajdrn, Haywards t WayHt'i.s 6:48p
4:o(>r Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, '"'alistosa, El Verauo and .-.■.-
Santa P.osa »i 1 3 a
tsaas Benltia, Esparto, Woodland, .
■'«.•" ■* Kuljlits Landing, Msrysvllle,
<):>.'. and Sacramento _>a
4:sar Nilcs, San Josi, LiTermore and
S'ocktnii T:|3r
5:»0p San LeaDdrc, HayTrard3 fc Vfr.y fit'ns " 8:43V
8: 30 p New Orleans Fxprust. Fresno.
lield, Santa Itsrlsura.TTf Auguiis,
Damiitg, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 10: -3*
Si3op Sauta Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojava nud East 1 0: J,l a
6:oot> T.uropeau Mall, Ogilon and East.... '):_."• a
O:'"'!!' Haywards. Niks and San Jose 7:15*
17:00 i- Vallejo 17:43p
7:OOt> Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys.
\tllc. Pudding, Portland, Puget
Sound aud East 10:4.1 a
7:00p Sau leandro, ll_ywards* Way St'ns 1 o:50p
U:00p San Loindro, Hay Way Stns I't-.aaA
•gi«i«3p "Sunset L>.__itei_," Fresno, Los ;.
Ar.gL'lcs, El Paso, New Orleans -
and Cant <r_r!43-i
♦tHll»T'BanL-andro.Hayw__t-sA;Wsy Bt'ns 7il»a
SANTA CIXV?, DIVISION (Xarrow Ci.-inge).
H:l*>a Newark. CeiiUrvillo.Haii.lose.Fcltoii, *
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 0:30.
•SilSp Newark, crvillo. Ban .lose, New
Almaden, Felton, Rouldcr Cr;-_lt,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •] 1:20 a
4:13p Newark, Sau .loss and Los Gates.... U:,loa
1:4 3 p Hunters' K .cursion. San Jose aDd
WayStations ' t____^
COAST DIVISION (Tlilnl A Tounseml Sis.)
0:43a Sau Joss ami Way Stations (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only), 1:431*
SIIBA Sau .lose, Tres Pino.., Hatrta tiIXS,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Robin, Sau
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal WayStations ■ 7:05p
In-.IOA San Jose and Way Stations 3:OOp
11:43a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... U:.vOl
•i!:_op San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pino3, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
Grove *IO:IO*
*3::iOp SauJose and Principal WayStations 6:47a
•4:aop San Jose and Way Stations.... *»:00*
3:30p Joso and Wry stations -H:t_«
6::»0p San Jcso and WayStations.... 6:33a
tll:4ttp San .Tonnniid Wny Stations '?:45»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. *
from SIN fEiIiCISCO — of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
*7:1« 9:10 ]1:00a.i:. tl:00 *2:OQ 13:01
•4:00 J5:!0 »6::ar.M. *^
/rota OtKllHß— Foot of 2roadw»j.— »600 B*oo
10:00a.m. U2:00 •1:00 tS*6O *3:CO li:09
'3:OCI'.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. •
Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
.. -, . y. 1 Rundajrs only,
.tr Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TCtusdaja and Saturdays • Sundays and ThuiwisjS-
.....
JfORTU PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
___ - (Via Sausalito Ferry).
nom San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
__ WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San .Rafael-7:30, 915, 11:00
a. XI.; 1:45, 3:46,5:15, 6:30 p. m.
Ban Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 a. XL.: 1:45, 6:15 p. xt.
Extra trips for .San Ratael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
_ SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. M.; 1:30,3:00,4:30, »0:19
r.U. *uoes not run to San Quentin.
• THROUGH A AINU. ■;.■-
T :SO a. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way statlona
1:45 p. u. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
• :00 a. x. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way station--
2728
DEMOCRATS TALK,
RESOLVE AND EAT
State League of Iroquois
Clubs in Annual Con
ference.
CAMPAIGN KEY NOTES.
Telegrams to Morgan and Goebel
and Praise for Many Good
Democrats.
WANT HARRINGTON TO RESIGN
Much Good Cheer and Speech-Making
at the Annual Banquet in the
Evening.
The State League of Iroquois Clubs of
California met in annual conference yes
terday in the hall of the local Iroquois I
club in Pythian Castle, expressed a variety
RALEIGH . BARCAR. THE GRAND SACHEM OF THE IROQUOIS.
[From, a photograph.]
of Democratic sentiments, elected officers
and then reconvened at Delmonico's res
taurant to enjoy the annual banquet given
by the local club in honor of the visiting
delegates and in honor of "Washington's
birthday.
The conference did not have in it the
ginger that some such conferences have
had since they began in 1888. There was a
fair attendance and the gathering was of im
portance as being the first State conference
of Democrats preliminary to the pending
campaign and expressive of present Demo
cratic sentiment in California. But while j
the meeting was thus of significant inter
est as an exponent- of Democratic senti- '
ment it also proved of significant interest
as an expression of present Democratic
feelings and hopes in relation to the'com
lng campaign.
The absence of delegates from a great
many Iroquois Clubs in the State, and
from all such clubs not close to San
Francisco, exhibited a lack of inter
est not shown in some former years.
There have been such conferences
when delegates from Los Angeles, San
Diego and the north nelped to swell the at
tendance and hurrah. There was no hur
rah yesterday.
Raleigh Barcar, the grand sachem, and
Max Popper, the father of the State Iro
quois organization, both expressed inci
dentally, in the course of brief speeches,
the general feeling that this is a bad - year
for the Democratic party, but both
whistled vigorously in the interest of cour
age and goforthness.
The conference, which assembled at
10:30 a. m. and adjourned at 5 p. m., with
an intermission for lunceon, did in effect
three things. It re-elected, with good feel
ing and applause, every last one of the
grand officers, talked for a long time about
the lack of money and interest manifested
by the interior organizations and ordered
that the grand sachem, by person or dep
uty, should hustle about the State and
wake up the sleepy Iroquois organiza
tions, and it passed a lot of resolutions.
The resolutions were first in order and
in importance. The railroad question was
handled in several ways. Senator Goebel
.of Kentucky was thanked and congratu
lated, as was Senator Morgan of Alabama,
and telegrams expressing the sense of the
resolutions were ordered sent to these gen
tlemen.
Strong commendation was given to Sen
ator White, Congressman Maguire and
Railroad Commissioners Stanton and
La Rue for their attitude on the rail
road question.
Most vigorous and striking of all was
a resolution, "earnestly requesting" J. T.-
Harrington of Colusa, judge advocate
general On Governor Budd's staff, to re
sign his commission after his hold advo
cacy of the railroad cause in the capital of
Kentucky.
Besides these resolutions, others were
adopted in the interest of California rivers,
indorsing the administrations of Grover
Cleveland and Governor Budd. and stand
ing forth in the usual terms for the inter
ests of the workinuman.
Raleigh Barcar, the grand sachem, who
was re-elected for his third term, is the edi
tor of the VacaviUe Reporter, and is a
man of rather exceptional vigor and
brightness. Beside him, during tue pro
ceedings, sat Louis Metzger of this City,
the vice-grand sachem, who has long put a
great portion of his energy and interest
into the Iroquois Club.
Max Popper was there, of course, and as
a past grand sachem. He has been since
the foundation of the organization its
most active hustler, and the present State
organization is due to his past efforts. One
of the most prominent participants in the
proceedings was W. M. Gibson of Stock
ton, who came down with Walter Smith
and Assistant District Attorney Marion
de Vries. ' These gentlemen lost no oppor
tunity of getting in their work between
times in behalf of Stockton as the meet
ing place of the next State convention,
and they said they were made glad at the
encouragement they received. Chairman
of the State Central Committee Frank
Gould and Governor Budd were also dele
gates to the conference. Mr. Gould couldn't
come at all, and the Governor sent word
that he would be down in time to help eat.
August Keller of Marysville was there.
If he had not been it would have been the
first State conference he ever . missed.
Most everybody knows Keller and most
everybody says something about him. He
is an intense Democrat with various
economic trimmings, is principal of a
school of some sort at Marysville and was
a candidate for the nomination for State
Superintendent of Public Instruction be
fore the last State Convention. He bears
a most remarkable resemblance to the late
Bill Nye, which has increased his fame.
In the large majority at least the con
ference represented the better and most
interesting elements of the Democratic
parly, as does . the Iroquois organization
where it has been established. .; ■:
When Grand Sachem Raleigh Barcar had
rapped to order, he said that the pending
meeting would in a certain sense strike
the keynote of the coming Democratic
campaign, and that the people were taking
an interest in politics tbat they .never
taken before. . /Ayz/A-/
"There is going on," he said, "a propa
ganda, revolutionary in character, and all
parties will consult that propaganda in
their platforms." ?• ': i .7.
Frank --..Buck, "W. J. Bryan and Henry
Sunkier were made a committee on order
of business, and a committee on resolu
tions was appointed as follows:
Max Popper, Alexander Laidlaw, W. M.
Gibson, George H. Cabanis, and James
Denman. •• pz A _ /.
Secretary Lawrence J. Welch found that
the conference was coinposed'of the follow
ing gentlemen:
Iroquois Club of San Francisco T. A. Burns,
('. 11. Cabanis, James Druman, J. L. Franklin,
Charles Gildea, A. Heeser, John Heenan, Isidor
Jacobs, Samuei McKee, W. H. Mead, C. Wesley
Reed, C. A. Reynolds, C. J. Reynolds, Dr. T. A.
Rottnnzi. Past Grand Sachems Max Popper
and J. J. Flynn.
Mohawk Democratic Club of San Francisco
Dr. .'. W. Sichcl, Otto Koe.per, George H.
Stoat, William Raubinger, John Fay, Mr.
Ricket, John F. Mahonev.
Vacavillc— Frank X. Buck, Ed Foster. J. Vf,
stilt, Ira Blum, W. P. IngUsh.
Martinez— C. 8". Montgomery, R. H. Latimer,
A. A. Bailey, Thomas C. Johnson.
Alameda— J. P. H. Coning, J. C. Tucker.
Vkifth— J. C. Ruddock.
Stockton— AV. M.Gibson, Marion de Vries, J.
Walter Smith, William Gibson.
Yuba City— T. Urittan, Thomas P. -Cinch,
August Keller.
Suisun —W. J. Downing, James A, Keys,
James J. Pfister.
Vallejo— Morgan, J. T. Riordan.
Lodi-F. B. duff. >
San Luis Obispo— AVilliam Graves.
San Rafael— R. B. London, Henry Harrison.
Some resolutions were read and referred
and then an adjournment was taken.
At the beginning: of the afternoon ses
sion Max Popper, chairman of tne com
mittee on resolutions, read the report of
the committee. It was applauded throuch
out and adopted with heartiness ana
unanimity.
A number of hands were cold and still
when the resolution indorsing Cleveland
was read as follows:
Resolved, That we appreciate and approve
the patriotic efforts made by the present
National administration to adjust the many
pernlexing public questions presented for its
consideration and action, and we believe that
in the main these measures have been dealt
with wisely and in a manner redounding to
the credit of President Cleveland and his co
adjutors and to the good and glory of our be
loved country. .
The next one went better. Even those
who were conscious of the remarkable tin
wisdom of some of Budd's appointments
clapped their hands.
hereas, The Hon. James H. Budd, Gov
ernor of California, and lions. Hugh La Rue
and James Stanton, members of the State Kail
road Commission, are the only Democratic
members of the present State administration
elected at the last election; and whereas, Hon.
James H. Budd, as Governor of California, has
redeemed in every particular the pledges
made to the people by him while a candidate
for that high office, and most notably his
pledge to bring about an honest and economi
cal administration of State affairs and a con
sequent reduction in the State ta*. rate, and
whereas, Hon. Hugh La Rue and James Stan
ton, as members of the Railroad Commission,
after industriously and conscientiously in
vestigating the questions of railroad fares and
freights,, established freight rates materially
below those previously -fixed, thereby doing
perfect justice as between the various trans
portation companies and the shippers of Cali
fornia; and, though the great benefit to ac
crue to shippers of California and the public
generally from this honest discharge of public
duty has ; been temporarily staved by in
junctive process; and whereas, the office of
State Labor Commissioner, from the tim» of Its
establishment until the appointment of the
present Commissioner, Hon. Edward L Fitz
gerald, through his untiring efforts, inspired
by a sense of official duty and sympathy tor the
laboring element, has made the State Labor
Bureau one of the most efficient agents for the
relief of unemployed labor; be it
Resolved, That we, as Democrats, are proud
in the consciousness that the administration of
Hon. James H. Budd, as Governor, has thus far
been one which must ever stand conspicuous
as an example of an efficient and honest dis
charge of a high public trust; and,
Resolved, That we appreciate, the fidelity to
public duty which prompted the Democratic
W. M. Gibson of Stockton.
members of our State Railroad Commission,
lions. Hugh La Rue and James Stan ton, to make
reasonable ' reduction in ; railroad freight
charges; and our gratitude to '.them ''for this
faithful service is not lessened by the fact that,
from causes beyond their control, the people
of California have not as yet been' enabled to
reap the benefit of their action. ;
Resolved, That the Hon. Edward __. Fitzger
ald is entitled to the highest public commen
dation ami to the gratitude of the many unem
ployed who, through his official efforts, have
secured lucrative employment.
There was much applause by paragraphs
when the following were read : r 
• Whereas, Congress now has under consider
ation the settlement of the . refunding ques
tion; and whereas, * the ' people of California
are .vitally, concerned therein; and whereas,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1896.
_~^_-^^^~-w~-^-^.^^~^-^^-^^^^.^... ______ -^__„-_^~~-^~_~_.~ ~^_-^.-^_ ' NEW TO-DAT. r-7:7/yA/: >!.'_-."-■
iatfftaei-*i«E- NEW STORE!
_^^^€>ll!f^ ''t^i [i'lf'^^' o ; .The Winter Clearance Sale is over. We open, the flood-gates and admit the
t^a^^^-^^^^J^in p^li' l^linT^nr'^ull 1 ' I *^^^^ Spring.goods. This year the flood is greater than ever. With a bigger store comes
111 lilt Pllhit'l-J/ 111 bi gger buying. The flood of Dress Goods is something wonderful. We are justly
■J^^Wlll I ILL I \m\\ iV.i;; ii <2) recognized as the leading Dress Goods House of the Pacific Coast. Would you know
3^^^ ! iMIS? \W\ ll^fe M '* ' the Dress Novelties of the world ? Know our stock. • Would you get the best without
-^^^^ WW^ P IllMI ! llilifßmi if overcharge? Buy from our stock. Other interests fight for places and win just
I'l IfiTiiraS™ L!]J|Uil4 'P I recognition. With a half more room than last year and nearly twice larger stock, we
"^^^^^i iTO^MIIP ! l 1 swing the doors wide open for Spring and invite all to examine, criticize, compare,
rc^fe^ . ' \\w jflrMIM MWi\ 1 an lf in their intereSt ' buy. • Respectfully yours,
I I^/76? *™yjOW&<fim I! • m - ■ • ' * a [incorporated],
(^ Sm^MMl^U^ ; ' ■ Opening Presentation of Novelties
1 s ™ l . ' for Spring and Summer.
Specials foi
r
WHITE NAINSOOKS. 26 Inches wide, P"C I
variety of small checks and plants. .*J
Special ■ *_ arcl 1
SATEENS, 30 inches wide, fine grade, *1 91c
large assortment, figures and stripes, J— 1 !
value 1 He. Special Yard
HUCK TOWELS, 18x36 inches, close fflj*! .25
weave, fast selvage, extra value «JpJL
; Dozen
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK. 58-Inch, A AC
pood heavy quality, variety patterns, zixj
value Special ;... Yard
LACE CUKTATNS, 3*/ ? yards by 56 ffi>Q..*->n
Inches, ecru and white, fishnet nov- «JPO- .
elty, the latest designs. Special Pair
LACE CURTAINS, 3 */ 2 yards by 54 ©9.85
inches, white and ecru, the new Brus- «Js^
sels effect. Special Pair
..'-.;_•...-. ;"--'".'.. v., .
IRISH POINT CURTAIXS, 31/3 yards (JTJJ.OO
by 50 Inches, white and ecru, new de- «JD*_
signs. Price Pair
KID GLOVES, Ladles' Jouvin, 4 large ©"I .no
buttons, good assortment. Price .. «£.l
■ Pair
BICYCLE GAUXT LETS, Glace and Cas-
tor, good wearing ("love. Prices .....
'■'■• ""."• $1 and $1 25 Pair
SILK GLOVES, the "Kayser", patent
linger tip, in black only, 5 and 6 but-
ton. Prices 50c and 75c Pair
We keep a full line of Gents'
Walking and Riding Gloves.
MA ¥ II? fUrj/^aC 937- 939- 94i- 943- 945 Market St.
ll_r\L tl _DfV V>l^«« 937 ' 939 ' 94 1 - 943- 945 Market St.
_____ / SAN FRANCISCO.
the Hon. Senator Morgan of Alabama, a-? a
member of the Senate Committee on Pacific
Railroads, has rendered a signal service to the
people of California, by insisting upon a thor
ough investigation of all facts bearing upon
the refunding question, .
_ Jtexolvcd, That it is our earnest wish, which
is shared with practical unanimity by the peo
ple of California, that the mortgage'.iebt now
due from the Central Pacific Company to the
United States be immediately foreclosed.
Resolved, That we assure the distinguished
and patriotic Senator from Alabama that his
efforts in behalf of California in the matter of
Sachem August Keller of Yuba City,
Who Controls the Democratic Situa
tion in Sutter County.
the refunding inquiry, pending in the United
States Senate, have made his name blessed
throughout the length and breadth of our
State.
Resolved, That, inasmuch as J. T. Harring
ton, a member of Governor Budd's staff, Is now
misrepresenting the sentiments of the Demo
cratic party and of^the people of California
generally before the Legislature of Kentucky,
we herewith most earnestly request that he re
sign his commission. ■ • ■ • . ,
Whereas, Hon. Senator Goebel introduced
in the Senate of Kentucky a bill having for Its
purpose the foneiture of the charter granted
by the State of Kentucky to the Southern Pa
cific Company,
Resolved, That we appreciate this act of Sen
ator Goebel, which, if successful in its pur
pose, will enure largely to the benefit of Cali
fornia; and in behalf of ourselves and our fel
low-citizens generally we extend to Senator
Goebel our sincere thanks therefor.
Resolved, further, That we earnestly entreat
the members of the Kentucky Legislature to
pass this righteous bill of Senator Goebcl's, as
in so doing the power for evil of the strongest
and most unscrupulous corporate power ever
brought into legal being will be lessened, if
not utterly destroyed.
Whereas, Hon. Stephen M. : White and Hon.
James G. Maguire have faithfully represented
the people of the State of California in its light
against the refunding hill; therefore be it
solved. That the State League of Iroquois
Clubs, in conference assembled, hereby indorse
the actions of the Hon. Stephen M. White and
James G. Maguire in what they have done to
represent the cause of the people of this State.
■■■-. The rest of the resolutions were as
follows: .-.-;*- .
. Resolved, That our Representatives in Congress
be and they are hereby earnestly requested to
put forth their most strenuous efforts in secur
ing appropriations for the improvement of the
Sacramento, Feather and San Joaquin rivers
and other streams of California capable ; of
being made navigable, to the end that these
waterways may be utilized for the transporta
tion of agricultural products and freights gen
erally. Whereas, under the existing competi
tive system, the distribution and consumption
of the products of labor is dependent almost
entirely upon the wage system; and whereas,
every energetic workman should be able to
earn sufficient for his labor to bring within the
reach of himself .ana >.. family the *'■ com
forts and necessities of life, including
the education .; of -■ his .*■ children; and
whereas, every reduction in wages must neces
sarily be followed *_ by a depression in trade
owing, to; the inability of .; the wage workers to
purchase as much of i the products of labor as
formerly, thereby necessitating a reduction in
the working force subsequently, because what
you cannot sell in the retail-stores will: not be
produced In* the factories; -and whereas, we
believe that very much of .the' industrial : de
pression that i has existed in our great cities
within the past few years : has been caused by
r
Fhis Week.
LADIES" HOSE-SUPPORTERS, satin OAC
belt, button clasp, in pink and blue £xj
only. Special price. Pair
CLOTH BRUSHES, BV2 inches long, OA c
bristles 1 inch long. This ought to _-U
cleau anything out. Our price 15...... Each
CURLING IRONS, 7"/ inches long, wood QC
handles. Special price.... O
Each
PLAYING CARDS, "Mascotte." Xuf *1 QC
ced. Worth 25c. Special Ajui ■
Pack
LAWN FMBROIDERED SCALLOPED 1 QIC
HANDKERCHIEFS, guipure edge. Aj__z
Special price. Each
TORCnON LACE, 3 inches wide. Special
price ;. 50c dozen yards, or 5c yard
HOOKS AND EYES, 2 dozen on a card, QIC
in steel, blue or bronze, value double. ~u'i
Special price Card
WHITE PEARL BUTTONS, sizes 20 and CC
22, value 10c. Special price...... O
Dozen
IMITATION-LEATHER NEEDLE *l AC
BOOKS, 3 papers of Needles and Mir- I\J
rorinback. Special price Each
COTTON" ELASTIC, %of an inch wide, CC
in black and white, red, blue and cray, xJ
value^lOc. Special price Yard
repeated attacks on the wages of labor by cor- I
porations and employers, who have thereby
brought wretchedness and squalor to the j
homes of the toiling masses, and eventually a
loss of trade to themselves; therefore,
Resolved, That we are in favor of every law
ful effort made by organized labor to maintain
for itself a fair "day's wages fora fair day's j
' work, and we deprecate the downward course j
of wages which brings- distress and degrada
tion to the workers and is ruinous in its effects !
on trade. • ,-' j * % , ;y ,'
It was decided that the secretary should
telegraph the substance of the relevant j
resolutions to Senators Morgan and Goebel, |
and mail copies of the proper resolutions ,
to ali officials commended, from Cleveland j
to Fitzgerald.
Then the old officers were re-elected by i
acclamation, as follows: Grand sachem, j
Raleigh Barcar; vice grand sachem, Louis I
Metzger; grand .secretary, Lawrence J.
Welch; grand treasurer, John D.Fleming. |
Max Popper nominated Raleigh Barcar
for his third term, saying that he was par
ticularly the man for this campaign.
"I say 'this campaign,' said Mr. Popper,
"because we enter the campaign with an
appearance that seems to bear discourage
ment; but we have entered discouraging i
campaigns before, and I am confident that
discouragement will give way to encourage- <
ment before the campaign closes."
Mr. Barcar made a very nice speech. In |
the course of his remarks he said:
"It has been said that we have an open- j
ing not the most auspicious in character, |
but I believe it can be said to-day, as will
be said of any time in the past by a stu- i
dent of history, that in the success of the j
Democratic party lies the perpetuity of j
American liberty. Ido not assert as a
positive fact that we can win out, but 1 be
! lieve that within the past three or four
I months an unexpected and gratifying
1 change of sentiment toward the Demo
| craticparty has been shown." '.[
j Mr. Barcar spoke of the Monroe doctrine,
i the finding bill and what the party should
j and would do.
The treasurer started to talk about the
I trouble in getting the dues due from the
j various clubs, and it brought forth a law
! that the grand sachem should visit every
j club in the State once a year and stir
! things up or send a representative, which
I law was moved by 0. A. Reynolds. .
| During the discussion Mr. Gibson de
! clared that the San Francisco club was
, the only live one in the State, and that
| whenever Mr. Barcar would come to
: Stockton the. 3oo members there would
i rise from the dead. ■ ;.
j Then they adjourned and thought about
the banquet.
PRAYERS FOR THE DEAD.
Sunday Afternoon Devotions of tho
i Calvarian Society in St. Mary's
Cathedral.
I The Calvarian Society of St. Mary's
Cathedral will conduct special devotions
during the Lenten season every Sunday
afternoon, in the Cathedral, at 3:3o o'clock.
These services will consist of the sta
tions or way of the cross, some remarks on
the passion of the Savior and benediction
ot the blessed sacrament. . ■:.*.. ..- • :
- The Calvarian Society .. was . organized
nere a few years ago and numbers several
.thousand members in this City alone. It
has for its object prayer for the repose of
the general , dead, the mem "of the
society performing privately for this pur
pose the stations of the cross, one of the
most venerable devotions in the church.
Key. Joseph F. Byrne of the Cathedral is
director. ' . .*•• .
_ The Czar has ordered a large painting of
his marriage c remony, with a canvas 16
feet long and 13 feet high. ; The painting
win be done by Herr Tuxen, the Danish
court painter. There !- are ;. to be ; three
replicas of the work— one for Queen .Vic
toria, another for, the King; and Queen of
.Denmark 5 and Y the ; other for . the " Grand
Duke and Grand Duchess of Hesse.'
;• In England and Wales the average yield
of. potatoes per acre! is estimated at about
61, tons; the average yield in Scotland is
rather less than six tons per acre, but in
Ireland the estimates show .an average
yield : per f acre I? of j; less than four tons,
against more than six tons in Great
Britain.
! New Spring
j Wash Fabrics.
j Royal Di-CHESSET3O""inches wide,
hue weave, light colors, large assort- *1 QIC
ment, fancy stripes and small, dainty l->
hgures. Price Yard
I FANCY. DIMITY, a heavy thread run- Qic
ning over a light ground, stripes and Ojj
figures. Price..... Yard
j FIXE DIMITY, 29 Inches wide, light col- -1 Qic
I ors. hne raised cord running through A&'Z
light wavy effect. Price Yard
PERSIAN DIMITY, 29 Inches wide, light *1 re
and medium colors, raised Van Dyke -1 0
cord In pretty clouded effects. Price.. Yard
LINEN EFFECTS, a new wash goods, in "1 QIC
linen colored ground, colored dots and -LZo
fancy stripes. Price ...; Yard
GRASS LINEN, 32 inches wide, an all-
linen fabric with a wide silk stripe,
sprinkled with silk dots, the swellest (H»*1.35
Persian effect, for waists and dresses, «_5 1-
Price - ______ ....Yard
NEW LINEN EFFECTS, 32 inches *
wide, an open lace stripe, in comblna- AAC
tion ot linen color and lavender, white O\J
and cream. Price Yard
SHEER LINEN NOVELTY. 32 inches CAC
1 wide, the latest summer wash goods, OU
I in a variety of colored dots. Price Yard
' NEW LINEN EFFECTS, 29 inches wide,
extra heavy, basket weave, satin *| re
stripe with small colored thread. 10
Frice ______■- Yard
WHITE DRESS SWISS— We have just
opened a big line of French Dress
Swisses. On counters Monday from.. A-
...' 10c to 45c per Yard
Laces, Trimmings,
Gloves, Notions, Etc.
LINEN EFFECT EDGING, with inser-
tion to match, the latest novelty and
washable. Prices lange from....
••• ___:___: 35c to 82 25 Yard
VALENCIENNES LACE, a choice lino
just received. Prices raugefrom
'. ' l%c to 50c Yard
THE LION POST CHARGES
Department Commander Charles
Wilson Will Take Action
To-Morrow.
A COURT-MARTIAL MAY ENSUE.
Director Charles H. Blinn Condemns
in Strong Terms the Resolu
tions.
-
The warfare between Lyon Post No. 8, G.
A. R., of Oakland, and the directory of the
Veterans' Home of Yountville will be the
theme of some fervent discussion at the
headquarters of the department com
mander to-morrow afternoon.
Commander • Wilson is not giving out
any bulletins regarding his intentions, but
it is rumored that the entire post will be
placed under arrest and courtmartialed,
charged with unmilitary and unfraternal
conduct. The directors lay their fingers
upon the charge that they are a drunken
body and have been habitually seen on
the home grounds in a state of intoxica
tion, and say said charge must be investi
gated. One member stated in an inter
view that he would resign if the question
were not officially inquired into. Conse
quently it looks as though Lyon Post
fired a magazine— possibly its own—when
it adopted those inflammatory resolutions
last Tuesday evening.
"O.T knew all about those resolutions of
Lyon Post," said Director Charles H. Blinn
yesterday. "It was the work of just seven
soreheads in that body.', Ex-Commandant
Thompson, whom the directory couldn't
tolerate any longer at tho home because of
his stubborn disobedience of orders and
his miserable management of the institu
tion, has been gathering a few other mal
contents around him, awaiting an oppor
tunity to square accounts with the board.
He is, or was until a few days ago, a mem
ber of Lincoln Post, in Oakland, and wan
unable to find any congenial spirits. Then
he visited Lyon Post. There ;he found
Norton, just the man he wanted, and they
got up the charges. They were sprang in
the meeting Tuesday night, and seven
voted 'aye,' and the rest present, about
twenty-five, were silent when tne 'noes'
were called. So the 'ayes' had it.
"There yon see: seven persons are per
mitted to voice the sentiment of 6000
members of this department.
"Norton says in The Cam, this morning
that it was the intention to have the reso
lutions well introduced all : over the de
partment : and bring them up at the Santa
Cruz encampment. - As he knows, that
could only be ; done through the depart
ment commander's oflice, where the
charges would be investigated, so his ex
planation is weak. v Lincoln . Post last
Thursday night passed resolutions defend
ing the directors of the home, and D. W.
C. Thompson has taken his card out* pre
sumably to put it in Lyon Post.
"I want to explain the charge 7 that; the
treasurer of :■ the association receives $600
a 7 year. Colonel Currier is ? the nominal
treasurer and is - the responsible : party.
The clerk who keeps the pension accounts
of about 300 old soldiers, also other clerical
labor, is an old soldier himself, and he is
allowed $50 a month for that work. b Com
rade Currier is a man of means, :and his
work is a labor of love in the Grand Army
of the Republic, and the small salary of
$600 a' year is no object to him. : His bond
is $10,000,* and there . is . never more than a
few .thousand^dollars of pension money
under his control.
V "It is soon placed in the savings banks,
and can only be drawn on warrants signed
'. -- "■ ■-■■■:■■ ■:- ,i. '■,:■-. .-•■■■ ■•- ■■-:■ ■-■.-.-.-■■■ -..°.. -..
ART DENIM. 36 inches wide, assorted o^_
colors. Price.'.... '. AO
■ y/.V........ Yard
NEW BELT BUCKLES, just received.
Sterling silver, from 75c to $2 50 per Set
White Metal silver finish 20c to 50c per Set
Belt Prns to match... :;_sc to 40c Each
NEW GISMOXDI TRIMMING, latest
styles, pretty patterns. Prices range ' '.
from 25c to 75c Yard
XEW EMBROIDERIES, Guipure edge,
in Swiss and Hamburg. Prices
6 Vic to 25c Yard
GRASS CLOTH FLOUNCING, all linen, 7/
the very latest craze. Prices range
from 9125 to $2 25 Yard
The Most Popular
Of All Spring Waists.
LADIES' CALICO WAISTS, 15 differ-
ent patterns, in light or dark colors, KAC
laundered collars and cuffs, yoke back, OU
large, full sleeves. Price Each
200 DOZEN LADIES' PERCALE
WAISTS, 10 patterns, all swell color- re
ings, laundered collars and cuffs, extra I O
large, full sleeves. Price Each
100 DOZEN LADIES' SATEEN FIN-
ISHED WAISTS, all new patterns
and color combinations, small and
large fancy checks, laundered collars
and cuffs; also heavy French Percale •
with Florette waist-adjuster and skirt- QEC
hanger, large, full sleeves, 10 styles. OO
Price •________ Each
100 DOZEN LADIES' FRENCH PER-
CALE WAISTS, 10 styles, laundered
collars and cuffs, plaid stripes, in light Ql "I .00
and dark colors. All have patent tjp 1
.skirt-adjuster. Price Each
100 DOZEN SOFT-FINISH FRENCH
PERCALE WAISTS, 10 styles, large
plaid effects in yellow and green
shades, solid colors, in yellow and
green, the most popular shades of tin- Cj-j.-J. - )
season, laundered collars and cuffs, «JpA — —
big sleeves. Price.. Each
1 50 DOZEN LADIES' DIMITY AND
LAWN WAISTS, all new patterns,
. : white ground witn raised stripe effect, ffl> "I .50
yellow and green figures, full sleeves, <uP-l
I laundered collars and cuffs. Price Each
by the president of the association and
himself. All this Thompson and Norton
et al. well knew, and their charges in view
of this fact are a contemptible, malicious
and infamous piece of work. It brings
contumely upon the directors, gentlemen
of unquestionable respectability, who get
no compensation for their labors except
the gratitude of poor and disabled old sol
diers—comrades who have fought by their
side for flag and country en bloody battle
fields. This mean, petty action of that
sorehead post— l mean Lyon No. B— should
cause that body to be disbanded. It has
been the cause of trouble before, for a few
years aeo it split and many of its better
members formed Admiral Porter Post.
"So the directors have been seen in a
state of intoxication on the home grounds,
have they? Well, here they are: W. C.
Burnett, William J. Ruddick, J. H. Gar
rett. J. C. Currier, C. A. Fuller,*. J. Loop,
J. D. Barnett, G. W. Arbuckle, Samuel W.
Backus, G. W. Strohl, and your humble
servant. Doubtless they will be surprised
at the s beautiful character given them by
their good (?) comrades of Lyon Post, No. 8.
Bah ! If';; a waste of words to even discuss
those fellows.
"One charge says the best rooms were
fitted up at the home at an expense of $600
by the directors for their own use. That
is simply a falsehood. The rooms were
empty and were prepared principally for
the accommodation of the friends and re
latives of the inmates of the home that
they might have a place to sleep when
they visited the institution. Visitors can
not be quartered in the dormitories with
the old soldiers, neither upon the com
mandant, so $260 was expended in bed
room furniture a*hd in making the apart
ments inhabitable. 7o;
"Now the canteen or saloon complained
of. Most of the old men quartered in the
home are addicted to liquor, and before
the canteen was established they would
make a bee line every pension day for the
saloons outside of the grounds.
"They would even carry their warrants
to those low grogtreries that thrived upon
the old soldiers' money. There they
would lie, and die in some cases by the
roadside, and as they could not be con
fined in the home the directors did the
only thing they could, and that was estab
lish the canteen, where a man could get
only so much liquor and care was taken
that he did not get too much.
"I could take you through all of those
infamous charges and prove how false
they are. They are untrue from beginning
to end and that will be proven in a few
days, as Lyon Post will learn. Governor
Budd will be asked to appoint a commit
tee to go through the whole place. But it
is exceedingly doubtful if he will pay any
attention Thompson, Norton, Huzzy
and the other resolution writers."
FOOTBALL AT HAYWARDS.
Centerville Players Wrest a Hard-
Earned Victory I rum the Home Team. .
Washington's, birthday was observed at
Haywards by the 7 most largely attended
athletic event ever held in ; that vicinity.
Over 2500 people assembled at the grounds
of the Haywards Athletic Club, to witness
the football game between the Centerville
and home teams.
: There is considerable friendly rivalry be
. tween the two organizations and the parti
sans of each were enthusiastic from; the
first.. During the first half the Haywards
team, under Captain A. Lacunha, played
hard ball, and, as a result, the score stood at
the call of time, 10 to 6 in favor of the local
players; /A/a;.; {.'A
Captain Carter of the Centerville team
succeeded in rallying his: men for the
second half and they carried things with a
rush. The Haywards team did not score
in this half, while the Centerville players
gained twelve points, winning the game by
a score of 18 to 10.
i In the evening the home team tendered
the visitors a banquet.
All ."Agree. • -....
. GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, ; Chinaware^ Glassware land
Tinware
.■'--.' CHEAPEST OF ALL. TRY THEM.
Very Pretty Dishes, "r- Very Cheap ; Prices.
B2 Market street, S. F., Headquarters. .
BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
BOYS' SHIRT WAISTS, "Mother's
Friend," unlaundered, made of Per-
cales, Cheviots or Flannelettes, in
light or dark colors, the only waist KAC
that no buttons can be torn off. Price OU
BOYS' SHIRT WAISTS. "Mother's
Friend," full laundered, best French c_*l.OO
Percale, pleated back and front, large «ffl A
sailor collar. Price Each
Presentation of
Spring Dress Goods.
TWILL ' I RE AI'X, 48 inches wide,
heavy twill, two-toned colorings, all CJI.RO
on black warp, a very dressy, rich «2>A
material for street costumes. Price... Y'ard
FANCY BROCHE, silk and wool, 44
inches wide, fancy two-toned broche "1 .50
effect, new spring color combinations, «5) A
Price Yard
BICYCLE SUITING, 44 inches wide, in
1 mixtures of gray, browns, tans, etc, CJ1.25
extra heavy, especially adapted for «J)1 ■
Ladles' Bicycle Costumes. Price..... Yard
FANCY'~BROCHE SILK, 20 inches
wide, black broche figures worked on fIJjQ.OO
colored backgrounds, a rich velvety x&Ju
effect. Price Yard
BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR, 45 inches
wide, rich silky effects in medium and (Ift "I .50
large designs, on plain and fancy tj) J— —
grounds. Price Yard
BLACK MOHAIR CREPONS, 45 Inches <ll>o-15
wide, large floral and crepy designs, ♦j. -
bright, lustrous finish. Price Yard
WARP PRINT TAFFETA, new and
artistic designs, 20 inches wide, all ~« *] .00
pure silk In the popular shadings, rj) 1 ■
Price Yard
WARP PRINT TAFFETA, 20-inch. Ori-
ental effects, exquisite colorings, ex- q*a .50
elusive designs, all new arrivals. «jpA—
Price ; Yard
Worth Waiting For.
We are advised of shipment of the New Spring
Jackets, (apes, suits, etc. Expect in a reasonable
time to see here the very latest. The New York
I office writes: "Advise your customers that the
j most elegant line ever shown on the Pacific Coast
, Is en route, and. more, the low prices will surprise
■ them." Our next catalogue will show 10 pages
1 Illustrated with these goods.
HAS A "SNAP" IN CHILE
J. E. Buckley Will Get $36,000
a Year as Auditor of a
Railroad.
The Road Is About 3000 Miles Long
and Reaches to All Important
Points.
J. E. Buckley of Spokane, son of the late
] J. M. Buckley, the capitalist of the same
[ city, for a long time general manager of
, the Western division of the Northern Pa
i cific Railroad, is in the City.
The young man, who has been engaged
j in business for the last few years, is bound
: to Chile to draw a salary nearly as big as
; that received by President Cleveland.
He is to become auditor of a railroad,
i and will draw a stipend of $3000 a month,
or $36,000 a year. Unfortunately, however,
j there is a drawdown in this, and the sum
j is shrunk by reason of the depreciation of
i the value of Chilean silver money.
Tbe $3000 he will get will be equal to only
j $1000 in American gold. But as this means
! $12,000 a year anyway, and as it is not a
j bad salary, he will take it, and, for all he
: knows now, may remain some years in
Chile.
The railroad with which he is to be con
nected is about 3000 miles long, a length to
most people incredible in a country gener
ally called little.
It extends from lquique to Valparaiso
and to all the big towns of the coast. Be
sides this it has many branches, each of
which taps places of more or less import
ance. '7-jigffiagfaggjj
It is only a few days since Mr. Buckley
j secured the position. It is stated that he
I will be absent for some years in Chile, and
\ may make his home permanently there.
A number of friends who have long
; Known him in Washington are in the City, j
and they have been congratulating him on j
the advantageous circumstances under J
which he will make his debut in Chile.
YOUNG PEOPLE'S NIGHT.
Christian Endeavor Service at th* First {
Baptist Church This
Evening.
The young people composing the Chris
tian Endeavor Society of the First Baptist
Cnurch will have charge of this evening's
service. The programme which has been ■
prepared is one of more than usual inter- |
est and includes some very fine musical
selections, interspersed with brief ad- .
dresses in relation to Christian Endeavor
work in this City.
Among the numbers are the following:
Anthem, "Deus Misereatur," by the choir;
remarks on year's work of the society, J.
A. Wiles, president of t'oiden Gate Union;
! Dudley Buck's solo. "The Pilgrimage," by
Miss Florence E. Raymond ; remarks on
missionary worn, by Miss Minnie E. San
quist; offertory, "Lead, Kindly Light," by
Knickerbocker Male Quartet; remarks
|on educational work, by Miss Mamie
Brace j: remarks on Junior Endeavor work,
'by Mrs. M. P. Boynton; address on G- -i
Gate Union work, by Mr. Biackwell; due ,
"In the, Cross of Christ 1 Glory,*' Mi _
Fanny Denny and Mr. Larsenj woruj 0 n
consecration service, by Mr. Langford.
The pastor will administer the ordi
nance of baptism during the service.
William E. Curtis is authority for the
statement that Jose Maceo, the Cuban gen
eral, '■ when he was a mountain bandit
"plotted ; the , capture of John Sherman
while that gentleman was making a tour
though Cuba some years ago. It was in
tended to seize him, carry him off into the
mountains and hold him for ransom with
the expectation that the Government of
the United States would pay a large sum
of money for his release." *