VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 7.
TRIPLE MURDER NEAR FRESNO
An Aged Armenian and His
Two Children Put
to Death.
LURED TO A LONELY
SPOT AND KILLED.
Their Bodies Found in a Vine
yard on the Outskirts
of the City.
SUSPICION POINTS TO
RUSSIAN COLONISTS.
Believed to Have Sought Revenge for
Insults to Their Wives
and Daughters.
FRESNO, Cal., , June 6.— One of the
most atrocious crimes ever committed in
Fresno County was perpetrated one mile
south of this city last night. The victims
were three, all of one • family — father.
daughter and son— Stephen Shahamirian,
aged about 55; Queen Shahamirian, about
27 years old, and Ben Shahamirian, aged
18, all of Armenian birth.
The triple murder occurred in the vine
yard of Dr. Meux on Cherry avenue in
Fresno Colony. The crime. is as mysteri
ous as it was sanguinary, and the identity
of the ferocious assassin has not been es
tablished ; but evidence evolved at the in
quest to-night gives the authorities a
tangible clew upon which to work.
This evidence supplies almost conclu
sive proof that the Shahamirian family
was destroyed by the father or brother of
a Russian matron or maid, who had been
subjected to gross indignities by the j
younger Shahamirian. Possibly the rssas- I
sin was assisted by others of his country- -
men, and it is likely that the intention at j
first was not to slay either of the trio, but I
to punish the young man at the whipping
post.
Having taken him from home by fo:ce, j
his father and sister may have followed, I
and in an ensuing struggle all were killed.
Daniel Schermtrian, a nephew of Sla
hamirian, was arrested to-day on bus pi- j
cion, but was released late to-night, after i
it was learned from the testimony of a I
■ Russian woman at the inquest that her ■ j
.countrymen had met the night before and !
resolved to take the law into their own I
hands to avenge the repeated insults to j
*nd. iau^teia.^ *X?jjc- is**** — r~""-»
The Armenians were last seen alive at 6 j
o'clock Friday evening, when they were
at their home in the southern outskirts of j
this city. They were then performing ;
customary duties about their little domes- i
tic establishment, having devoted the day
to the cultivation of their vineyard, and
appeared to. be in the best of spirits.
How they came to meet their horrible j
death in Dr. Meux's vineyard, a mile from '
home, is one of the many strange feat
ures over which the officers have .been puz
zling all day. Lying almost in a group,
with pistol wounds in the head of each,
they undoubtedly; must have met death at
the same time.
The < bodies were not discovered until
this morning about 7 o'clock, when K.
Bagdoin, a laborer employed, by K. M.
Nishkian, who leases the Meux vineyard,
was engaged in cultivating the soil be
tween rows of vines. •• His horse was step
ping rapidly along, and Bagdoin was
sturdily striding on after the cultivator.
As he approached the center of the vine
yard the animal stopped abruptly and dis
played much uneasiness. Bagdoin stepped"
to the horse's bead to calm the frightened
animal, and as he did so his eyes fell upon
the bodies of Stephen Shahamirian and
bis daughter, Queen.
■ The old man's body was distorted, and
his eyes were gazing blankly into the
heavens, as if his last conscious glance j
had been one of supplication to his Maker.
The young woman lay near by, prone upon
the clods.
■ The laborer first called to Shahamirian,
thinking that the old man was asleep.
Not until he approached nearer to the
body did he see that the old man was
dead. It was then that he saw the body
of the murdered daughter. Bagdoin ran
back to the Nishkian residence with all
possible speed.. He and Nishkian re
turned to the scene, and then they found
the body of the son, lying about twenty
five feet distant from the others.
Nishkian came to town and notified the
authorities. Sheriff Scott and Deputy
Cash Thomas quickly responded, as did
Coroner Long. When the officers arrived
they found a large number of neighbors
about the bodies, and tracks leading away I
from the place, which might have been of j
great assistance in ferreting out the mur
derer, had all been obliterated. The
tracks between the bodies bad been care
fully preserved, however.
Coroner Long immediately brought the
bodies to this city and placed them in the
Morgue. A large crowd quickly gathered
about, and i the Coroner ordered that the
doors be closed.
The news of the murder quickly spread j
about town, and not since the time of Son
tag and Evans has there been so much ex
citement here. Notwithstanding the fact
that the doors were closed a large crowd
stood about the undertaking establishment
during the entire day and policemen were
required to keep the street clear.
Within a horrible sight presented itself.
Stretched out on improvised slabs lay the
three — father, son and daughter
side by side. On the uneven surface of the
ground the bodies bad become rigid and
contorted. Just to the right of the right
eye of the father was a large clot of blood,
marking the entrance of the missile of de
struction. Powder burns formed a circle
about the wound two inches in diameter.
The son's face was covered with blood. A
bullet hole was found in the back of his
head and there weri signs of powder
burns. He had fallen partly on one side
■nd the blood had trickled down on his
face. T,he daughter was shot in the right
temple, and in her case tuere were no
signs of powder burns.
The bullet which killed the son first
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
] passed through his coat collar, which he
had evidently thrown up in cowering from
the assassin. The bullets all .entered the
brains of their victims, and death in each
case must have been instantaneous.
A careful examination of the ground
about the bodies developed nothing in the
nature of a clew upon which the officers
could work. Pools of blood were found at
each body, and the three Armenians must
have been killed at the same time. The
son was killed first. The tracks of his
father and sister led from the position of
his body to where their bodies were found.
The assassin must have made known his
purpose suddenly, for there were no signs
of a struggle. When father and sister
witnessed the fate of Benjamin they evi
dently turned and ran.
The murderer was skilled with a pistol,
for the two bodies were found only a few
feet apart. It is supposed that he first ran
up to the side of the woman and shot her,
and then turned and felled her father to
the ground. Then he sent a bullet into
the brain of the prostrate old man.
The officers searched thoroughly, but
they could find no tracks of the murderer.
Neither could they find firearms about the
bodies.
Shortly after the finding of the bodies
Sheriff Scott arrested Daniel Schermerian
on suspicion. The Sheriff went to the
Shahamirian house and made a search of
it. The dishes were found in place, and
the unfortunates must have been called
away after finishing their evening meal.
The had evidently left the house before
bedtime, for their bodies were garbed in
the clothes in which .they had been
working.
While Scott was at the house neighbors
suggested that he pay a visit to the home
I of Daniel Schermerian, who had acted
! somewhat strangely in the morning. The
Sheriff went over to his house and found
' the young man dressing a chicken. Scher
merian seemingly had not yet learned of
the fate which had befallen his uncle and
cousins. .He affected great surprise when
told the news.
After some conversation Sheriff Scott
; asked Schermerian if he had a pistol.
I The young man went into the house
j and brought one, out. The officer was
! startled to find clots of blood on the
i end of the barrel. The young man ac
counted for the presence of these by stating
I that he had killed the chicken with it.
Schermerian was then directed to turn
! his pockets out. The right front pocket in
j his trousers was clotted with blood. Again
! Schermerian explained by exhibiting a cut
on his finger, which he said had bled pro
fusely. He had wrapped the lining of the
i pocket around the finger to step the bleed*
! ing. Sheriff Scott decided that it would
I be best to take Schermerian in charge, and
i he brought him to the jail.
At the jail the prisoner was seen by a
! Call correspondent. He is a youth of 21,
j fairly intelligent, and seemed to be con
-1 •wd'-'-ahK -li..tMTbrri by Uv» bk>Mr «■
of the preceding night. ■ He asserted ' that
he knew of uo circumstance which might
I have led to the butchery, and declared that
; his uncle, as far us lie knew, had incurred
i the active enmity of no man.
Friends of the youth insist that he
would not be capable of such a terrible
crime. He has always been a quiet and
industrious young man. He speaks
English poorly, and it was with difficulty
that a statement could be gotten from him.
A theory was advanced that Scherme
rian exterminated the entire family of his
uncle in order that his father and then
himself might get possession of their
property, which is valued at $5000. The
uncle had a daughter in the Stockton In
sane asylum, and the promoters of the
theory contend that in all probability
Schermerian did not believe she could lay
claim to the property. On some pretext
or other, they believed, Schermerian lured
his victims to a place most advantageous
to him for the preparation 'of the triple
murder. But in view of late develop
ments this contention finds but few sup
porters. *.'' "
It was known that the younger Shaha
miriar. was guilty of several offenses
I against young Russian girls. It is also
i known that the Russians had been talk
ing strongly of taking the fellow from his
home and giving him a whipping.
Only the day before he was killed young
I Schermerian made improper advances to a
Russian woman' who was working in an
adjoining held. The authorities had been
appealed to, but the case presented to j
them wan not of such a nature that con
viction could be secured. The Russians
held a meeting and it is said they decided
to take matters into their own hands.
It seems incredible that the Russians
would do any shooting. They might have
given the young man a whipping, as he
undoubtedly justly deserved. But the
theory is that some of the Russians called
the boy outof the house, or possibly made
him come by force. The father and sister
followed, to assist Benjamin, having known
of the hatred of the Russians for him.
Then a struggle ensued, and in self-de
fense or otherwise the Russians shot all
I three.
If this theory is the correct one, the deed
must have been done by some father or
husband, whose child or wife had been in
sulted by the youth. This may be the
reason why the son was killed first, and
then th* others, that the murderer's iden
tity might not be discovered.
Coroner Long held an inquest on the
bodies late this afternoon. Neighbors
state that they heard : three shots in the
vicinity at about 7 or 8 o'clock in the even
ing, but a man named Freeman stated
j that he had been hunting about that time
and he fired three shots, which were the
ones which had been heard.
Chinamen who were camping a short
distance . from the scene of the tragedy
testified that at a late hour they heard
three shots and two or three screams.
They were afraid w> get up and investigate.
Nothing further was developed at the
inquest.
Sheriff. Scott stated to a Call corre
spondent to-night that the case was one of
the most, mysterious which ho had ever
encountered. He released young Shaha
mirian from jail to-night, as he did not
believe there was any evidence to warrant
holding him. The Sheriff is inclined to
believe that there is something 'in the
Russian theory.
Stephen Shahamirian . was one of Cali
fornia' pioneer Armenians. He came to
the State thirty years ago. He and his son
and daughter have been living upon a five
acre tract adjoining the southern limits of
the city. He was a leader in the Armenian
fight in the Congregatio nal church in this
city about two y^v.ta. The Armenians be
came too numerous in the church. Shaha
mirian was electro deacon, but the Ameri
can members of i the church refused . to
recognize his election.
■....■■..
SAIST FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 7, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
WIND AND FLOOD
RAVAGE NEBRASKA.
Devastation in the South
western Portion of
the State.
LOUP CITY'S EXPERIENCE
Cyclone Cellars Flooded and Fam
ilies Are Rescued With
Difficulty.
A LITTLE GIRL IS DROWNED.
Buildings Demolished and Railroad
Bridges, Tracks and Cars Are
Swept Away.
LOUP CITY, Nrbk., June 6.— The worst
hail and windstorm and cloudburst ever
experienced in Sherman County struck
this place at 7:45 o'clock last evening.
The family of Joseph McCoy went into
the cyclone cellar and when it began to
fill with water they all got out except the
little girl, Nellie, 7 years old. She was
drowned in the flood. The house of James
Bradley began to float away, but caught
on a slight elevation and the family was
rescued by a party with a hotel bus. The
same party also took the Winkleman and
Hale families to a place of safety. The
Catholic church was blown to pieces. The
Baptist church was moved three feet off its
foundations. The schoolhouae roof was
taken off. A sixty-foot bridpe across Dead
Horse Creek was carried bodily over 1000
feet and is lodged near a water tank.
Both the Burlington and Union Pacific
Railroad bridges are washed out and it is
reported that a half mile of the Burling
ton track is gone between here and
Arcadia.
WIDESPREAD DISASTER.
The Country Flooded for Mile»— Great
Damagr to the Railroads.
LINCOLN, Nebk., June 6. — South
western Nebraska was visited by the most
disastrous storm for many years last
night. Loup City in Sherman County
suffered the most severely, many build
ings being demolished and one or two
fatalities following. Telegraphic com
munication with that place is not vet
fully restored. The whole of Loup Valley,
according to reports received at railroad
headquarters in Lincoln, was flooded for
miles. One report is to the effect that a
foot of ram fell in ' Loup City. The four
year-old son of Bection Foreman McCoy
of the Burlington Railroad was drowned.
The railroad suffered heavi ly, over 2000
feet being washed out on the Burwell and
Arcadia branches of the Burlington.
The hail and rain came down in such
quantities that the fruit and crops are
seriously damaged in many places. It
bailed at Loup City for forty-five minutes,
some of the icy stones being seven inches
in circumference.
The agent for the Burlington at Wool
back, on the Burwell branch running from
Palmer to Greely Center, drove from that
place to Cushing to report his troubles to
headquarters. He stated that' his depot
had been unroofed by the storm and was
surrounded by about ten feet ■. of water.
Five car? werO'W^^y^^cnd-.^^V^l^.wiiy...
1 ie windmill t»:id • -l.< w^io. i <i jmtgC 1 -. .
The stockyards,,- 1 ooihouße and sidetrack
are only memories. There; was so much
water around that jj he j could not tell how
much more track had ' been damaged.
Bridges all over the valley were either
blown away or washed out by the cloud
burst which followed the wind.
At St. Paul the Loup River rose 15 feet
in a few moments, flooding some houses,
but doing no great damage otherwise. The
country districts suffered the wont, many
families in the lowlands being forced to
flee to higher ground to save their lives.
Much livestock was drowned near Ord,
and a dispatch from that place says there
are fears of loss of human life between
that place and Loup City, but the roads
are impassable and it is impossible to in
vestigate.
SEVERE STORMS IN IOWA.
I(fsident» of Sioux City Driven to The in
Cyclone Cellar*.
SIOUX CITY, lowa. June 6.— Residents
here were driven to their cyclone caves by
a high wind from the southeast about 7
o'clock this evening. Shade trees and
chimneys all over the city were blown
down and a few small frame buildings
suffered. The local telephone companies
were also heavy losers. There are rumors
of a severe storm to the north, but nothing
definite has yet been learned.
GREAT DAMAGE DONE.
Property and JAfe Lost in Witconiin
and Minne»ota.
BALDWIN, Wiß., June 6.— The greatest
downpour of rain in the history of this
town occurred here to-day. A ereat many
families were compelled to move out. The
railroad tracks are washed out for about
200 feet. The damage to crops and bridges
is large.
ADRIAN, Minn., June 6.— One hundred
head of stock and one man were drowned
in the storm here this afternoon. E. W.
Hunter is the man drowned.
HASTINGS, Minn., June 6.— The fierc
est storm of the year visited this place
this afternoon and evening, tearing up
streets, washing out culverts and doing
great damage to crops.
SENIORS ARE DEFIANT.
They ■ Will Not Permit a Statue on Their
Playgrounds.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 6.— A party
of • nearly 100 Yale : seniors to-day defied
the college authorities and tore down the
staging erected to put in place the new
statue of the late President Woolsey. .■".
' The faculty and corporation have voted
to put the new statue in front of Yale
fence nearDurfee Hall, viitually abolish
ing the play and general meeting and !
frolic grounds of the seniors, it is known
that there was opposition to the site raised
in both the faculty and corporation, but
the dissenters were outvoted. " ' •
To-day the faculty 1 put the staging in
place in order that the statue might be lo
cated in time for an elaborate commence
ment dedication. The ■ seniors tore the
staging down, hurled the boards together
and burned them, shouting defiance at the
faculty. There was no interference by the
college authorities. . . .
A deputation frorr the >. class waited on
Dean Wright and informed him that if the
statue is put up it will be damaged. There
is much feeling on the matter at Yale.
General de Quetada Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 6.— General
Raphael de Quusada, one of the promi
nent Cuban leaders during the war for in
dependence of 1868-78, and who had come
to New Yorka week ago to conduct an ex
pedition to Cuba, died this morning at the
Hotel Endicott. General de Quesada was
about 60 years of age.
ONE MILLION TO
BEAT McKINLEY.
Weird Yarn Concerning the
Creation of a Fund for
Corruption.
FOR LOBBYISTS TO USE.
Filley Says McKinley Cannot Be
Nominated on the First
Ballot
SENATOR PROCTOR NOT TO RUN
Declines to Accept Second Place on
the National Republican
Ticket
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 6.— A story is pub
lished this afternoon mat the Eastern op
ponents of the nomination of Major Mc-
Kinley as the Presidential standard-bearer
in 1896 have formulated plans to place
$1,000,000 in the St. Louis banks to be used
in carrying the convention for an Eastern
man. Tliis money, the story goes, is to be
at the disposal of several shrewd lobbyists
of long experience, who are said to enter
tain bright hopes of being able to capture
a number of Southern and Western dele
gates, as weil as Eastern men.
Chauncey I. Filley, who is counted as
one of the shrewdest and best informed
politicians in America, and who has lately
been exercising in his mathematical gym
nasium, declares that McKiniey's nomi
nation on the first ballot is an absolute im
possibility.
Hon. Perry Heath of Ohio handed the
following statement to the United Press
this evening :
"A New York dispatch pnblished in a
St. Louis newspaper this evening indicates
that I have been quoted as saying that ex
denator T. C. PJatt is engaged in some sort
of a conspiracy to have recognized anti-
McKinley contestants 'if they can show
the slightest claim for their seats.'
"I have evidently also been quoted in
outside press dispatches as saying that
while Mr. Platt had publicly announced
that he did not intend to come here before
the latter part of next week he had pri
vately written members of the National
Committee to join him here the nrst of
next week. I would thank you to say that
I have never employed the word 'conspir
acy' in connection with what Mr. Platt
has done or may have in mind. He has a
perfect right to do what he is doing so far
as I know, and I know of nothing he may
have in contemplation that is illegitimate.
I regard Mr. Platt as a sound Republican
and a man of honor. The friends of Gov
ernor McKinley are not attacking ex-Sen
ator Platt or questioning his motives."
GEORGIA FAVORS SILVER.
White Metal Champions Win a Victory
in the St"te.
ATLANTA, Ga., June 6.— Returns from '
every part of Georgia indicate an over
whelming sweep for free coinage of silver.
Returns already indicate tbat it is certain
the State will go for silver by a majority
of not less than 5 to 1.
At Atlanta (the home of Secretary
Smith) the gold men have practically con
ceded the result. The largest primary
vote every cast in thi3 county was poiled,'
and it is as yet impossible to estimate the
majority for silver, although returns from
the country precincts indicate a majority
of not less than 1000.
Captain Evan P. Howell of the Constitu
tion heads the delegation to the State Con
vention. For United States Senator Crisp
has literally swept tlie State, and the re
sult is everywhere conceded. The State
convention bids fair to be a repetition of
Kentucky.
SENATOR PROCTOR DECLINES.
>ot at All Anxinu* to Play Second Fiddle
to MrKinlet/.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 6.— M. A.
Hanna, ex-Secretary of War Redfield
Proctor, General William Osborne of Bos
ton and Sylvester T. Everett of this city
visited McKinley at Canton to-day. Upon
their return this evening they all de
clared they had a real nice time, but in
sisted that nothing of any political signifi
cance had tranaDired. It is certain, how
ever that the ex-Secretary of War was of
fered the Vice-Presidential crown, which
he, like Csesar, three times declined. None
of the statesmen, however, are willing to
make that admission. After his return
from Canton Senator Proctor declared
emphatically tbat he does not want the
Vice-Presidency, because it has always
been the custom to select the tail to the
kite from a doubtful State, and for that
reason he does not ihlnk Vermont is the
State from which the Vice-Presidential
candidate should be chosen.
In speaking of the issue of the cam
paign he said that the tariff question will
remain predominant despite the promi
nence that has been given the financial
question in some quarters. In discussing
the platform Senator Proctor said: "The
Cuban affair and the Venezuelan question
cannot fail to make the foreign relations
plank one of the most important timbers
in the platform, but I am not in favor of
making them unduly prominent."
Senator Proctor does not look for the
withdrawal of any of the candidates now
in the field, and says at St. Louis their
friends will be ready aud in a position to
retire them gracefully. The McKinley
managers here assert that Senator Sher
man will not write the financial plank of
the platform, but they admit that it will
be submitted to him for suggestions.
BOIES' BACKERS AT WORK.
They Believe He Can Win the domina
tion From the Democrat*.
DES MOINES, lowa, June The dele
gation that will represent lowa at the
National Democratic Convention at Chi
cago met here to-day for organization and
conference. S. B. Evans of Ottumwa was
elected chairman and C. A. Walsh of
Ottumwa secretary of the delegation.
Governor Horace Boies, lowa's candi
date for President, was present at the
meeting to advise with the members, and
committees were appointed on literature
to prepare and circulate Boies' campaign
matter. A committee on finance was
named, and others necessary.
Boies made a brief address to the con
ference, in which he expressed confidence
that if the Democracy would make the
financial tne overshadowing issue this
year and adopt a brief platform un
equivocally demanding free silver coin
age :it would '- carry all the South and
West and Illinois, Indiana and Michigan.
Mr. Walsh, who will be the next lowa
member of the National Democratic Com
mittee, agreed with these opinions. The
reports received by Mr. Walsh, who has
| been the leader and organizer of the silver
I forces fn this State, from all over the
j country, lead him to confidently believe
j that Boies is almost as far in the lead for
; the Democratic nomination to-day as Me
j Kin ley for the Republican. He said be
found that the general confidence in Boies
as a man of integrity, conservatism and
j firm •: convictions was .. working to his ad
* vantage and rapidly forcing him into the
I position of the leading candidate. He was
j confident of Boies' nomination. .
There was a movement to elect a new
National committeeman at once, but there
were enough friends of J.J.Richardson,
the present member, to prevent this. It
was agreed that Mr. Richardson, a sound
money man, will be turned down at the
National Convention and Mr. Walsh
elected to the place.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 6.— The
treasury gold reserve to-day was $106,412,
--768; withdrawals $17,700.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RUSSIA REVISED
THE FATAL LIST.
Attempts Made to Conceal
the Loss of Life at
the Feast.
AT LAST, HOWEVER, THE
TKUTH IS TOLD.
Not Less Than Four Thousand
Killed During the Terrible
Rush for Food.
CZAR NICHOLAS COLLAPSED BY
THE GREAT CALAMITY.
Throughout the Empire the Horror Is
Regarded as a Bcn-ful Portent
for His Reign.
[Copyright 1896 by the New Tork Tunes. 1
LONDON, Exg., June 6.— The Russian
papers for four days after the terrible ca
tastrophe on the Kodynskoe plain are now
at hand, but they contain only the briefest
reference to a report that there was a good
deal of pushing in the crowd assembled
there, and that some lives were lost If it
had "not been for the presence in Moscow
of a host of foreign correspondents this is
Drobably all we ever should have heard of
the bloodiest disaster of modern times.
Private letters from the correspondents
are beginning to disclose what the earlier
and apparently edited telegrams failed to
show— thut in Moscow it is the popular be
lief that not less than 400» v.ere killed or
mortally hurt, and tha c , many estimates
put the sinister numbers much higher.
It ti lso appears that the mob seized the
opportunity given by the panic to drag a
good many of the paid cosaacks from
their saddles and to strangle or tramp the
life out of them. There is a general
understanding that the young Czar, al
ready overweighted and worn out by the
tremendous strain of the prolonged cere
monials and festivities imposed on him,
went into a hysterical collapse at tb" news
of the tragedy and that tnc whole court
is still frightened at the possibly perma
nent effects of the shock on him. In such
a medievally superstitious nation as Rus
sia everything unusual is an omen, and it
is not surprising that throughout the em
pire this unique horror should be regarded
as a most baleful portent for the new
reign.
There seems to have been almost super
natural malignity in the chance which ar
ranged that very evening lor the French
Embassy's share in tiie coronation festivi
ties. I understand thut buih the French
Emhassador at Moscow ana his superiors
in Paris favored a nostnoneraent of the
state ball set down for Saturday night and
that tbey suggested doing so, but they
were overrules by the heads of the Russian
bureaucracy and by Prince Lobanoff in
particular, who said it would be impossi
ble to make the Russian people under
stand such an interruption, or to prevent
tlu-iu from believing the wildest and most
mischievous lies about the reasons for such
a break in the round of gayeties. Accord
ingly the dance went on, and perhaps it
did exert some reassuring effect on Mos
cow, but this was obtained at the cost of a
very painful sensation in Paris.
Not much is said about it by the upper
class French journals, which recognize
the necessities of their Government in
such a difficult and delicate business as
this Ru.-siui) alliance, but the popular and
NEW TO-DAY.' 
SCRATCH
AND
SCREAM
My baby broke out with a rash. He would
scratch aud scream. It would take two to hold .
him, and one to put medicine on him. We had
to hold him sometimes an hour before we could
get him quieted down. All said that they never
«aw such c face or body on any baby as on him.
I had to tie his bands tight in a cloth, night and
day, for five months. I My sister had used CUTI-
CUBA, and I began to use it. After only on*
application, he lay down and nltpt as he had not
for a month, poor little fellow. Fie has not a sear
on him now, and is as fair and his flesh is as •oft
as any baby. While he had this disease I had to
cut the sleeves out of bis clothes, and put gauze
•underwear on him to keep him cool. I had to
keep pieces of soft cloth aronnd his neck, it was
so wet with moisture from the sores, and I had to
change the cloths sometimes ten or twelve times
a day. Mrs. A. HAYNEB, Lisbon, N. D. !
Si-kedt Curb Tbcatmknt row Baby Humobs.—
W«rm b«th§ with CimcnitA Boat, and gentle applica-
tions of Cdticuia (ointment), tht «T««t ikin ran.
i Sold throughout th* world. Potter Drco asd
"•*»■•• Cn->\. E n<- P-nn«. Rot'on. U. ". A.*
unsmnss
&eo§
COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS
AND
IPffIIBOTIOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE!*.
•OR SALE EVERYWHERE.2
socialistic paper? are making a huge out
cry over it, which must be impressing a
great number of minds.
Whenever persons whose business it is
to observe what is going on take note of
the movement of social and political cur
rents among peoples there arise always
certain asses who suppose that these re
marks are predictions and who bray
accordingly. I tind myself quoted in
America as prophesying the downfall of
the French republic, which is the most
ridiculous sort of nonsense. No one on
earth can tell whether the republic will
Jive ten months or a hundred years.
What can be said, however, is that a very
curious revival of — let us say — tolerance
for the abstract monarchical idea has been
observed in France for some years.
It lay at the bottom of the popular whim
for Napoleonic plays and literature and
was the basis of the immense popular cult
of Jeanne d'Arc, which remains by far the
more important of the two just now. This
movement seems about to translate itself
into action. I mentioned the other day
that Prince Victor Napoleon had fallen
out with Empress Eugenic, who had
thrown in her lot with the Orleanists.
Now, it is said that Victor is to meet a
Duke of Orleans shortly and also give in
his adhesion to his cause, while Orleans is
turning over the project of marrying Vic
tor's sister Letitia, the Duchess of Aosta,
who is only two years his senior and is as
clever as she is beautiful. A few years ago
these things would have mattered little;
row, perhaps, they mean a good deal.
Bordeaux had led the way in the new
direction by an open and successful com
bination of Royalists and Socialists in
politics and it is likely that the same queer
combination will manifest itself elsewhere.
One does not pretend to be able to explain
such a weird fusion of forces, much less to
predict how far it may go, but the fact of
its existence remains,
The Duke of Orleans is meanwhile at
Marienbad, fighting heroically against his
inherited tendency tc become a Sat man.
No young pretender can afford to be an
unwieldy mountain of flesh, especially if
he is nerving himself for an appearance in
person on the field, which is what he is
understood to have in Blind.
Undoubtedly the Prince of Wales' victory
at Epsom was popular in the broadest and
most genial meaning of the word. Not
even the sourest non-conformists or
radicals offer dissentive comments, and as
for the sporting public, it quite lost its
head with delight. The Prince himself is
believed to have taken in a large pot of
money on the result, and otherwise fortune
is favoring hiw, not only in the wilts of
deceased millionaires, but in new and
valuable friendships among living ones as
well.
Two victories at by-elections have pro
duced a warrantable elation in the Radical
camp, all the more as both were won by
candidates who ostentatiously put home
rule in the background and fought their
campaigns oil strictly English issues.
There is no doubt that the Government's
agricultural and education bills are excel
lent things for the opposition and despite
the ministers' en at nominal majority it is
already visibly frightened at the feuds ex
isting within its own ranks, and at the
evidence of its unpopularity in the coun
try at large. It acts as if they were afraid
of failing to pieces even Huff, and if the
Liberal party were not itself in an almost
hopeless state of internal disorder there
might be prospects of exciting and evenly
balanced political fighting once more be
fore the century closes.
As to the report that Rosebery is going
to retire from public life, it is probably a
revival of last year's story. There was a
time when he declared that he would with
draw, and if he had done so the history of
British Liberalism would have been al
tered for the better. But the information
of ti'Ose who saw him only recently is that
he is rather keener than usual to hang on
to the titular leadership. At ieast tiiis
was his mood a few weeks ago.
The excessive publicity piven by the
Madrid press to the not unusual incident
of Martinez Campos being challenged to a
duel has, I am told, a purely political ex
planation. Campos as a life Senator nas
the power to make himself heard through
out the country, and it is understood that
he intends in the forthcoming Cuban de
bate in the Cortes to deliver a merciless
and crushing attack from inside knowl
edge on the whole tragic farce of Spanish
control in that island.
The effect of this is dreaded, both by the
army clique now in the ascendency and
by the politicians working with them,
and they thought to head it off by slaying
Campos in a duel. The character of the
insult thrust upon Campos was so gross
that he couid not refuse to fight, but other
influences intervened at the last moment
and forced the military authorities to stop
the encounter and to arrest both parties.
What will be done next no one knows,
but iladriu has been thrown into a dan
gerous state of excitement by the episode,
ana all sorts of stories and cabals of mili
tary plots and even of revolutionary con
spiracies are afloat. The Queen Regent is
reported to be seriously ill which, naturally
adds to the distrust with which the whole
situation in the peninsula is regarded by
outsiders.
Thero is much substance in the rumor
of a revival of Fenian activity and that
certain well known men of that kidney are
or have been over here and have taken
rather elaborate pains to draw police
attention to tbe fact of their presence.
This means, however, as I take it, noth
ing more serious than a contemplated
strike at McKinley's campaign fund a little
later on. Tnere is always an opportune
Fenian scare here in presidential years,
but this present one is the poorest and
most ricketty thing of the kind in the
whole series and if it succeeds in getting
even beer money during the campaign it
will be highly overpaid.
In the City a man who has anything to
sell or to/aise money on has oniy to men
tion that it is American and everybody
turns his back automatically. During the
past month it has been impossible to tind
a penny for tbe most substantial indus
trial enterprises and the most richly pilded
securities which Americans could offer.
The big Rio Grande irrigation scheme,
only one of a number that would have
been snapped up eagerly a year ago, is un
able to eet even flotation expenses now.
No secret is made of the fact that the
masses in America are intent upon a 50
per cent repudiation, which is what the 16
to 1 ratio in effect means, and under the
influence of this feeling Englishmen laugh
at any suggestion that they put their
money into things American.
It has been a fat year in England, how
ever; money is plenty, and I am told that
we are on the threshold of another great
boom in South Airicaa ventures, particu
larly in the Barniio properties. Word has
been passed round in the city during the
last f< w days that the Transvaal trouble
has all been squared and that more money
than ever is going to be made in Johannes
burg. The upward movement, of course,
has already begun, but it is predicted
that there will ba a rush within the next
fortnight.
Gladstone's extraordinary letter to Car
dinal Ramp«lla bas created almost as
great fluttering in theological dovecotes as
did bis famous Vatican pamphlets. His
Nonconformist allies are ashast, and
Guiness Rogers, Dr. Clifford and the rest
are already denouncing him as "a senile,
childish Puseyite." Inside tbe Estab
lished church the excitement is even
greater, but it is tempered there by an
anxious suspicion that the manifesto
covers more than meets the eye. The
Archbishop of York, who is regarded as
Gladstone's real backer in the matter, is a
stronger man than his rival of Canter
bury, and the woole tone of the letter
suggests that there is a vastly more pow
erful body of English clerics prepared for
an arrangement with Rome than was here
tofore suspected. %
Very possibly Gladstone did not mean
to convey the impression that the doc
trinal differences between tbe Roman and
the Anglican churches are of next to no
importance, or that the real obstacle in
the path toward reunion is the technical
question of the validity of the Anglican
orders, and, generally speaking, of tbe
apostolic succession ; but that is the ef
fect h« produces. I do not believe any
considerable number of English church
men will take this view, and much less
that it could be imposed on the Establish
ment as a whole; but the manner of its
presentation and tbe weight of its sponsors
naturally provoked a lively commotion.
A few days ago the papers took note of
a slight fire out at Brentford, in a club
house that used to be the residence of Nell
Gwynn. Yesterday there came to the club
a letter offering the services of a firm of
London insurance-valuers and addressed
to "Miss Gwynn."
The famous Guides band at Brussels,
which for years has ranked among the
four or five best bands in the world, with
the Marine band of Washington, the
Garde Republicaine of Paris and perhaps
the Vienna military band, is to pass out of
existence. King Leopold is so im
poverished by Congo and other losses that
he is no longer able to afford a personal
subsidy of $3000, and the Minister of War
has no power to make an extra grant, and
so the Guides band will be reduced to the
forty-two musicians of an ordinary regi
mental band.
There are stories to-day of a fierce out
break of a choleraic disease in the French
military camp at Chalons on Thursday,
which closely resembles the Asiatic reality,
and at least not up to the present has it
been decided to be something else.
There is still cholera in South Rnssia,
but otherwise June finds Europe free from
the epidemic for the first time practically
in a dozen years. 'Hie disease is much
worse than usual in Egypt, however, and
the English officials are finding the task of
forcing the populace to take the most
rudimentary precautions against its spread
more arduous than all their other hard
jobs in the Nile Valley put together.
So far as is known here Paul Bourget's
victory in the Paris civic tribunal over his
publisher has never been matched in the
English-speaking courts. The decision is
that the publisher is bound to bring all his
books and vouchers before an arbitrator
named by the Court, and to let the ques
tion of royalties due on sales be thus pub
licly determined. There is talk of testing
the opinion of an English court on the
same point, and from all I hear the ex
periment might not be wholly without in
terest in America, too.
I am afraid it must be admitted that
Mrs. Patrick Campbell has not triumphed
in "Magda" ; the part is too broad and ro
bust for her delicate handling and it is,
moreover, loaded with a heavy hand of
humor, for which she has no genius what
ever. Appearances are all against her be
ing seen long in this misfit role.
Hakold Fbedeeic.
CENTRAL AMERICA EVENTS
Correct Version of the Lynch
ing of De Witt, a Murderer,
in Guatemala.
Great Preparations Being Made for
the Exposition to Be Held
Next Year.
GUATEMALA, Central America, May
22. — There seems to be some misconcep
tion in a portion of the American press re
garding the lynching of De Witt at Puerto
Barrios. The facts in tbe case are as fol
lows: De Witt, who had but lately ar
rived from New Orleans, sought wo rk on
the Northern Railroad; not finding any
he became quarrelsome and without the
least warning murdered the trainmaster
of the road. He was imprisoned at tbe
barracks and over night a. large number of
American citizens forced open the cell
doors and dragging out the culprit lynched
him.
The Guatemala Government has seen
fit to let the matter rest and no further
complications are probable.
The war in Nicaragua is finished, but
the devastation wrought will take many a
day tD repair. The Leonist generals,
Baca and Ortiz, fled to Salvador in a
lighter and the Government of that
country is seriously considering their ex
tradition, which has been requested by
the Nicaraguan Government.
The different States of Central America
have set to work with a will to make the
exposition to be held in Guatemala in
1897 a success. European exhibitors are
daily obtaining mdre space, and it is to be
hoped that the United States and its vast
manufactures and products will be well
represented. In expectation of a very
large concourse oi people many new
dwellings and hotels are jtoing up all over
the city. Work on the Northern and six
other railroads is being actively pushed,
the construction being mostly in the
hands of Americans.
Most Central Americans are eagerly
hoping for new reciprocity treaties with
the United States in the near future.
Suicide of an Excursionist.
MONTREAL, Quebec, June G.— T. C.
Cartwright, a wealthy young Englishman
of Brakeley Hall, Brakeley, England, com
mitted suicide at Mount Royal Park last
evening. Cartwright bad many friends in
New York and other cities. He arrived
here yesterday from New York on a fish
ing excursion and registered at the Wind
sor Hotel. Shortly after he went to Mount
Royal Park and shot himself dead. The
cause of his suicide is unknown.
Bombs in a Dust-Heap.
BARCELONA, Spain, June 6. — Two
bombs were found to-day in a dust-heap
near tbe cathedral at the conclusion of a
Corpus Christi procession. Several anarch
ists have been arrested on suspicion of in
tending to cause an explosion.
Of luUrent to the Pacific Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 6.— The
California Congressmen were hoping to
pass the California mineral land classifica
tion bill to-day under the suspension of
the rules, but the bill was not reacted.
Among California arrivals are James
Deitrick of San Francisco and Henry
Newell of Los Angeles.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: David H. Lentz,
Veterans' Home, Napa; Daniel F. Dir
reen, Soldiers' Home, Los Anpeles; Wil
liam Owens, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Original widows, etc: Rosella M. Coon,
Los Angeles; Margaret Maroney, Benicia.
Oregon— Reissue: Elias S. Mobley (de
ceased), Mount Taber.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
GROVER AGAIN
USES THE VETO.
The General Deficiency Bill
Disapproved on This
Occasion.
REPLIES TO CRITICISMS.
Why Is He Given the Preroga
tive if He Cannot Exer- '
cisc It ?
THE GROUND FOR HIS ACTION.
A Provision in the Measure Relating
to the Payment of French Spolia
tion Claims.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 6.— The
President sent a veto message to the
House on the general deficiency appro
priation bill this afternoon. He replies
briefly to the criticisms of his exercise of
the veto power, and says he has hurried
the preparation of the message in order
that Congress may take action in the mat
ter without delay. The ground for the
veto is the provision relating to the pay
ment of the French spoliation claim. In
his message the President says:
••It is difficult to understand why, under
the constitution, it should be necessary to
submit proposed legislation to executive
scrutiny and approval except to- Invoke
the exercise of executive judgment and
invite independent executive action.
"The unpleasant incidents which ac
company the use of the veto power would
tempt its avoidance if such a course did
not involve an abandonment of constitu
tional duty and an assent to legislatio 3
for which executive is not willing to
share the respons ibility. I regret that I
am constrained to disapprove an impor
tant appropriation bill so near the close of
tbe present session of Congress. I have,
however, by immediate action after the
receipt of the bill, endeavored to aelay as
liuie as possible a reconsideration of this
proposed legislation, though I am thus
obliged to content myself with a less com
plete explanation of my objections than
would otherwise be submitted.
"This bill is in many of its features far
removed from a legitimate deficiency bill,
and it contains a number of appropria
tions whica seem to me to be exceedingly
questionable. Without noticing in de
tail many of these items I shall refer to
two of them which, in my judgment, jus
tified my action in the premises. The bill
appropriates $1,027,314 09 for a partial pay
ment upon claims which originated in
depredations upon our commerce by
French cruisers and vessels during the
closing years of the last century.
"They have become quite familiar to
those having Congressional experience, as
they have been pressed for recognition and
payment, with occasional intervals of re
pose, for nearly one hundred years. These
clanns are based upon the allegations that
France, being at war with England, seized
and condemned many American vessels
and cargoes in violat : on ot the ruies of in
ternational law and treaty provisions, and
contrary to its duty to our country as a
neutral power and to our citizens; that by
reason of these acts claims arose in favor
of such of our citizens as were damnified
against the French nation — which claims
our Government attempted to enforce —
and that in concluding a treaty with
France in the year 1800 thesn claini9 wero
abandoned or relinquished in considera
tion of the relinquishment of certain
claims which France charged against us.
"Upon these stat ments it i? insisted by
tbose"interested that we as a Nation have
reaped a benefit in our escape from these
French demands against as. Through tbe
abandonment of the claims of our citizens
against France the Government became
equally bound itself ami its citizens to pay
the claims thus relinquished.
"1 do not understand it to be asserted
that there exists any legal liability against
the Government on account of its rela
tions to these claims. At the term of the
Supreme Court just finished the Chief
Justice, in an opinion concerning them
and the aition of Congress in appropri
ating for their payment, said: 'We think
that payments thus prescribed to be made
were purposely brought within the cate
gory of payments by way of gratuity —
payments of grace and not of right.'
'•These claims have been in an atmos
phere of controversy ever since they were
conceived, and when it is alleged that the
abandonment of the claims against France
was in consideration of great benefits to
the Government it is as confidently al
leged that they were in point of fact
abandoned because their enforcement was
hopeless, and that if any benefit really
accrued to us by insistence upon their set
tlement in thf> course of diplomatic rela
tions such result gave no pretext for tax
ing the Government with the liability to
the claimants.
"It is, I believe, somewhat the fashion
in interested quarters to speak of the
failure by the Government to pay these
claims as such neglect as amounts to re
pudiation by tbe Government and a denial
of justice to citizens who have suffered.
Of course these original claimants have
for years been beyond the reach of relief,
but as their descendants in each genera
tion become more numerous the volume
of advocacy, importunity and accusation
correspondingly increases.
"If injustice has been done in the re
fusal of these claims it began early in the
present century, and m»y be charged
against men then in publio life more con
versant than we can be with the facts in
volved and whose honesty and sense of
right ou»ht to secure them from suspicion.
"I have determined to suomit this in
complete presentation of my objection to
this bill at once, in order that Congress
may act thereon without embarrassment
or the interruption of plans for an early
adjournment."
GOTHAM'S LATE GOSSIP.
Ex-Governor Campbell Talks
About Free Silver and Duty
of the Democrats.
Stories to Illustrate the Brusqueness
of Cecil Rhodes of South Alrica
Fame.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 6.— Former
Governor James E. Campbell of Ohio speni
several hours yesterday in Wall street witli
Colonel Gurley of his State. W r hen he re
turned to the Metropole late in the after
noon he expressed himself in iavor of free
silver, but with a restriction to which be
said even Wall street would not seriously
object.
"The leaders of the silver movement in
the Democratic party are conservative and
will work earnestly to prevent auy such
catastrophe. The idea I would like to Bee
adopted is this: Declare for free silver;
demand that the Government at Wash
ington, through the President and Con
gress, issue a call to the commercial na
tions of both hemispheres to meet in con
ference with us at Washington for the one
purpose specified in the call, of devising a
method of putting silver on a par with
gold as money of the world". The confer
ence occurring, we would agree with such
nations as we could. To such as agreed
with us we could offer special tariff favors
on the reciprocity principle. To such as
did not we could turn a tariff cold shoul
der. We are every nation's best customer,
and all would at last be made to aeree.
"Should none agree with us I would
have this nation declare for free silver on
its sole responsibility, and fix a date, as,
lor instance, January 1, 1899, when silver
and gold would meet at our mints for coin
age on equal terms. This would leave an
open time of two years, in which trade
would adjust itself to the new conditions.
"All conferences, so far, have merely
been child's play.. This one would be dif
ferent. France and Germany now are on
the verge of adopting silver. They need
only a slight incentive to push them over
the line. With France, Germany and
America in the field, England would be
actually obliged to come in. We could
make things so warm for her by tariff and
reciprocity treaties that she would acoede
to the terms adopted. When this country
is in earnest England yields every time.
That has been iepeatedly shown, particu
larly of late."
Mrs. Robert J. Niven, whose death is re
ported from Pants, was a member of the
VanderbiU family. She was the third
daughter of the late Commodore Vander
bilt and a sister of the late W. H. Vander
bilt. She was married when a young
woman to the late Horace F. Clark, who
was at one time the president of the Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern Railroad.
After the death of Clark she remained
in retirement for some time, and later was
married to Robert J. Niven, who died re
cently. She had spent much of her time
abroad, and had been living in Paris. The
funeral will take place in Paris to-day,
and the burial will be in France.
Cecil Rhodes of South Africa fame is a
brutal as well as confirmed misogynist.
On one occasion when he was implored to
allow a lady and her daughters to travel
in a special train with him, he remarked,
after reaisting the appeal for some time,
"Ali right, put the women in the guard's
van," and then seated himself comforrably
among his rugs and cushions in a luxuri
ous saloon car. Once, too, when a lady at
tempted to engage him in conversation at
some social gathering in London he is
said to have rebuffed her with the rough
remark that he had "no time to taik to
women," and then relapsed into gloomy
silence.
Pain's Open-Air Theater managers have
almost completed the arrangements for
their fine pyrotechnic display for this sum
mer at Manhattan Beach. Everything
will be arranged by Saturday of next
week, and "Cuba," representing the strug
gles that are being made for freedom by
her loyal sons and daughters, will then be
given on the same grand scale that displays
have been given in the past. There will
be 400 men and women engaged in the
representation. Santiago de Cuba, its ports
and fortifications and the country adjoin
ing are supposed to be the scene of action
of the spectacle. Here many exciting
scenes have occurred, and they will have
representation on the mimic stage. Battle
scenes, military displays, marches and all
the duties attendant on war will be repro
duced. The landing of a filibustering party
will also be represented.
W. T. Carletou will close his opera sea
son at the Grand Opera-house "to-nieht.
He went to considerable expense to fit the
house up and secure a good company, and
it is a fact that "The Chimes of Nor
mandy" has been extremely well sung
there this week. But the public did not
appreciate this effort and even at the very
low prices charged the audiences have
been too small to warrant continuing the
season any longer.
"The bicycle is to blame for it all," said
Mr. Cant'to'n last evening. "I used to go
to Baltimore and Washington and Boston
every summer and do*good business. It
is no use now. The theatrical season is
dead everywhere as soon as tbe roads get
good for bicycle riding. It's the same way
in California. I tell you it is the bicycle
that is ruining. the theatrical business.
Mr. Carleton added that he had offers of
engagements for his opera company from
managers in several other cities and he
would probably accept some of them if he
were guaranteed enough to pay him for his
trouble.
"Otherwise," he concluded, "we had
better shut up shop and go fishing or
bicycling." _____________________
ARBITRATION CONFERECE.
Peace Strongly Advocated Before the
J-'inal Adjournment.
MOHONK LAKE, N. V., June 6.— The
Arbitration Conference adjourned last
night after declaring that in the settle
ment of personal controversies civiliza
tion has substituted the appeal to the law
for ttte appeal to force, and that it is high
time for a like substitution of law for war
in the settlement of controversies between
nations.
After stating that a permanent tribunal
is required to settle international contro
versies, the declaration proceeds as follows :
"The fact that during the past year the
Inter- Parliamentary Peace Union, con
taining parliamentary representatives
from fourteen European powers has form
ulated a plan for an international tribunal;
that France has officially proposed to this
country a permanent treaty of arbitra
tion, and that it is seini-officially reported
that negotiations are pending between
the United States and Great Britain for a
similar treaty, justify the belief that the
way is now open to create between this
country and France, and perhaps with
the other powers, some permanent sys
tem of judicial arbitration as to the es
sential safeguard of civilization, we
earnestly call upon statesmen, ministers
of every faith, the newspaper and period
ical press, colleges and schools, chambers
of commerce and boards of trade, organ
izations of workingmen and upon all good
men and women to exert their influence
in favor of this movement."
THREE STUDENTS DROWNED.
One Sank in a Hole and the Othera Tried
to Ilcscue Hint.
MASON CITY, lowa, June 6.— M. J.
Atkinson of Clear Lake, Vernon Gait of
Albert Lea, Minn., and Roy C. Slosson of
Northwood were drowned at Nora Springs
about 11 o'clock to-day. They were all
members of the senior class at the Nora
Springs Seminary. With two or three
other young men they decided to go in
bathing. The professor admonished them
against it, as they were not good swim
mers. The water "was shallow where they
■went in, but one of them by accident
stepped oft' into a deep hole and the others
in trying to rescue him were drawn down
and they all perished together.
■Fire in a Jiig Warehouse.
ERIE, Pa., June 6.— The Anchor Line
and Western Transportation Company
lost $100,000 by fire this morning. Tne
fire broke out in one of the big ware
house". When discovered it was entirely
beyond control. The flames spread to and
destroyed the Anchor line's icetiouse con
taining several thousand tons of ice, and
it was only by the greatest effort that the
big flour house with its large stock of flour
was saved from entire destruction-
Had a Stroke of Apoplexy.
OMAHA, Nkbr., June 6.— Hon. Paul
Vandervoort, ex-commander of 'he Grand
Army of the Republic and commander of
the National League of tiie United States,
suffered a stroke of apoplexy a few days
ago. The facts were carefully kept from
the public until ue had sufficiently recov
ered to be out of immediate danger. He
has been advised by physicians to drop all
office work or his life will be the sacrifice.
CAN'T AGREE ON
APPROPRIATIONS.
Controversies Between the
Two Branches of
Congress.
POINTS OF CONTENTION.
Public Buildings, Indian Affairs
and New Vessels for
the Navy.
NEW CONFERENCES ORDERED.
The Senate Refuses to Recede From
Its Contention in Reference
to Battle-Ships.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 6.— The
Senate gave its almost undivided atten
tion to-day to conference reports on gen
eral appropriation bills. The first that
came before it was the sundry civil bill,
where no agreement had been reached in
conference. The chief point in contro
versy between the two houses was as to a
number of Senate amendments for the
construction of public buildings in the
capita's of four new States — Idaho, Mon
tana, Wyoming and Utah— and for the in
crease of the limits of expenditure in
building that are being constructed in
Kansas City, Mo., Savannah, Ga., and
Camden, N. J., all of which were resisted
by the House conferees. The Senate, how
ever, by a unanimous vote insisted upon
these public building amendments and the
bill was referred back- for further consid
eration.
The next conference report that came
up was on the Indian appropriation bill.
All points of disagreement had been set
tled in prior partial reports and there had
only remained two matters to be adjusted.
These were as to the payment of lawyers'
fees on the old settlers or Western Chero
kee claim, and as to contract schools for
Indian children. Both these items were
now adjusted, the first by an instruction
to the Secretary of the Interior to with
hold the fund until further legislation is
had, and the second by limiting the con
tinuance of contract schools to the Ist of
July, 1b97, instead of 1898. The conference
report was agreed to -without any contest.
The third conference report was on the
naval appropriation bill. It was a final
report, but it was disagreed to— ayes 22,
noes 24— and the bill goes back for further
conference. The controversy was as to the
numoerof new battle-ships, the confer
ence compromise fixing the number at
three, ana as to the limit of price for
armor plate for -these ships, the confer
ence compromise fixing the price at $425
per ton. The contention of the Senate
was for two battle-ships and $350 Der ton,
that of the House for four battle-ships and
$550 a ton.
The Senate at 5:15 adjourned until Mon
day at noon.
SUSPENSION DAY IN THE HOUSE.
Cleveland's Veto of the Deficiency Bid
• ■•■.-. ■ Sustained After Debate.
WASHINGTON, D. 0.. June 6.—Al
though this was to have been individual
suspension day to enable the House to dis
pose of certain measures which were being
pressed upon the Speaker for consideration
but one such bill was acted upon by the
body in a session prolonged largely beyond
the usual period. This was the Senate
bill to regulate fourth-class mail master,
which was passed upon a motion by Loud
(R.) of California. The effect of the bill is
to shut out of the mails the supplies and
stores of executive departments, which,
under a liberal construction of the postal
laws and regulations, have been held to be
maiiable matter. Loud stated that it cost
the Government 12 cents a pound to carry
this stuff, whereas it could be transported
by express companies at not to exceed 2
cents a pound.
Parsons (R.) of Vermont brought up
the bill clothing the purchasers of the
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad under fore
closure sale with the same powers, privi
leges and obligations as those possessed by
the original corporation, but it was with
drawn to avoid a hostile vote.
The greater part of the afternoon was
devoted to the President's veto of the
general deficiency appropriation" bill. It
was vigorously attacked by Mahon (R.) of
Pennsylvania, and Grosvenor (R-.)of Ohio,
ana defended by Cannon (R.) of Illinois,
Dockery (D.) of Missouri and Sayers (D.)
of Texas, and finally sustained by a vote
of 170 to 39. '
Cannon then presented a revised bill,
omitting the French spoliation and Bow
man act war claims, and several individual
claims, all included in a single amend
ment, and moved that the rules be sus
pended and the bill passed.
This was opposed by Mahon (R.) of
Pennsylvania, Richardson (D.) of Tennes
see, Evans (11.) of Tennessee and Welling
ton (R.) of Maryland, chiefly on the
ground that the President had no objec
tions to the war claims and the House and
Senate had voted that they ought to be
paid. The House, however', refused to co
with these gentlemen and passed the bill.
172 to 43.
The report of the Committee on W T ays
and Means, majority and minority, upon
the question of reciprocity was presented
and 10,000 copies of each were ordered to
be printed. .
A bill was passed extending; tne jurisdic
Sleep
Induced by the use of coca, opiate or nar-
cotic compounds is bad, decidedly bad.
They undermine health and shatter the
constitution, and the patient is steadily
growing into a worse condition, often re-
sulting; in the terrible slavery and misery
of the cocaine and opium habits. Sleep
indnced by the use of Hood's Barsaparilla
does not, perhaps, come as quickly, but it
comes more surely and more permanently
through nature's great restoring and re-
juvenating channel — purified, vitalized ana
enriched blood. This feeds the nenre»with
life-givinz energy and builds uo the sys-
tem and constitution from the very founda-
tion of all health and life— the blood-
pure, rich, red blood.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All drnggists.sl.
Hnnrl'« Pille cure Llver Ills : easy to
lIOOU S fIUS take, easy to operate._6c.
tion of the United States courts over
crimes committed in the Indian Territory
and providing for the leasing of, mineral,
farm and crazing lands.
At 7:25 p.m. the House took a recess
until 10 o'clock Monday.
AGAINST THE BOND BILL.
The House Committee of Kays and Means
So Jieports.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 6.-Ding
ley of Maine, chairman of the Committee
on Ways and Means, presented to the
House the report of the majority members
of the committee on the Senate bill "to
prohibit the further issuance of interest
bearing bonds."
The report concludes with the declara
tion that in the present condition of the
country, with a deficit of revenue and dis
trust prevailing to an alarming extent, it
"would be a most serious mistake, not to
use a stronger term, to take away almost
the only prop t^hat now remains for the
maintenance at par of the legal tenner de
mand notes which formed so important a
part of the currency of the United Staias."
The bill is reported back, therefore, with
the recommendation that it do not pass,
and this conclusion the thirteen Republi
can members of the committee indorse.
Two of the Democratic members of the
committee. Turner and Cobb, concur with
the reverse decision, but without indors
ing the report.
IT IS THE USUAL TAKE.
Xo Truth in the lam About England
and Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 6.— The
Call correspondent inquired at the State
Department to-day whether any notifica
tion had yet been received concerning the
action of President Dole in refusing Vol
ney Ashlord permission to land on
Hawaiian soil, or of the reported intent
tion of Great Britain to insist that ABh
ford (a British subject), be allowed to land
there.
A State Department official said that m
news had been received- He also volun
teered the opinion that it was all a fake
and that Great Britain would not inter
fere. "For," said he. "it is the sovereigr
right of auy nation to exclude an objec
tionable person."
X<m4 Lxsts Approved.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 6.— The
Secretary of the Interior has approved the
following lists of lands selected by rail
roads: Northern Pacific, 66,826 acres;
Bozeman (Mont.) district, 2039 acres;
Vancouver (Wash.) district, 3360 acres;
Fargo (N. Dak.) district. 18.380 acres; St.
Cloud (Minn.) district, 550 acres; Miles
City (Mont.) district, 473 acres; Vancouver
(Wash.) district, 481,748 acres; Bismarck
(N. Dak.) district; Central Pacific Rail
road, successor to California and Oregon
Railroad Company, 1901 acres in the Red
ding (Cal.) district.
Debarred front the Mails.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jane 6.-Post
master-General Wilson has denied the
privilege of the mails to the Mutual De
benture Company of lowa, having offices
at Chicago and Emporia, Kans. The con
cern conducted a lottery business. Sim
ilar action was taken against the Standard
Seed Company, the Excelsior Seed Com
pany and C. Hyman of Chicago.
Troops Can Cross the Border.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 6.-Secre
tary Olney, in behalf of the United States,
and Senor Romero, the Mexican Minister,
NEW TO-DAY.
EAGLESOW&CO.
Factory Prices!
OUTING SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FANCY SHIRTS,
WHITE SHIRTS,
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
SWEATERS,
HOSIERY, ETC.
748 AND 750 MARKET STREET, S. F.
242 MOSTfiOMERY STREET, S. F.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO |
CRESCENT
BICYCLES.
$75. / P^^' 7s -
CRESCENT— Fastest wheel on earth,
Holds the one-mile world's record, made by
M. O. Dennis at Denver, March 27, 1896.
Time, 1 mm. Hi sec. Fastest mile ever ridden.
CRESCENTS SELL FOR
AND ACKNOWLEDGE NO SUPERIOR.
LEAVITT& BILL,
3C3 ]___A._=t_S:i_Sr ST.
1112 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
in behalf of his Government, have siened
An agreement permitting tfte troop* of one
country to cross the border of the other in
the pursuit of criminals And outlaws.
Similar itfrreements have been made be
tween Mexico and the United States sev
eral times, notably when Geronirno was
carrying on his depredations along the
border. The present arrangement bus
been called forth by the outlawry of the
renegade "Kid."
HEW TO-SAT.
"At Sloane's."
i HIGHEST
j VALUES, j
! LOW ""]
j PRICES, j
TAPESTRY
BRUSSELS.
Absolutely best made.
immense selection.
65c Per Yard,
Sewed, laid and lined.
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS.
Highest class manufactured.
$U2Jc Per Yard,
Sewed, laid and lined.
NOTTINGHAM
LACE CURTAINS.
400 pairs, 3% yards lone,
At Ssc Per Pair,
Reduced from $1.25.
At $1.10 Per Pair,
Reduced from $1.50.
LACE CURTAINS
AND PORTIERES.
. In broken lots.
To close at HALF PRICE.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, HJKHTURK, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
VPQ ' THE •
■ c ' 3 PRICE
I'P'g $3,00
RED
And a dark red, that's the shade in Summer Tans
that has the call. The price? Well, oars is a dol-
lar or two lower than the others are ask inc. That's
the reason we're selling more than we usually do.
THE <£-% _-.___
DEFENDER f OO
(THE NEW TOE.) *-*
One of the new shapes Just out this season la %
star seller. Everybody wants it. The upper stock
used in this shoe Is the finest Russia calf (dark-red
shade). We have them in all sizes and widths, and
the price of tbem is within your easy J>Q.OO
grasp <P_>— —
SULLIVAN'S
MONEY-SAVERS : IN : SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street,
Just Below Market.
THE FIRM OF
SIMPSON & MILLAR,
SEARCHERS OF RECORDS,
IS ':•- STILIi COMPETENT TO CONTEND
against all competitors and to conduct all bast-
ness intrusted to it without outside assistance
other than the well-merited confidence extended by
the public .
linilAllPO FOS BARBERS, BAK>
KkIIKIIpK"*' bootblacks, bath-
UllUVlilaUhouses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
■■^^ BUCHANAN BROS.,
Bru»h 3lanu.fn.cturtTfi. 6O9Sacr»mento3>»
COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and 10. Fiftb St., baa
1 rancisco. Cal The most select family hotel la
-he city. Board and room. *1, 91 25 and «1 50 P»r
day. according to room. Metis iita. Booms, &0a
and 7 60 a day. Free coach to and from tae how.
Look for the coacu beari ng the name of the Co*
mopolitan Hotel. W_l iA.li& V. rroprleto*THOSE SESSIONS
OF THE REICHSTAG.
Lassitude of Its Members
Since the Whitsuntide
Holidays.
CRETE'S INSURRECTION.
Should the Turks Attempt a
Massacre the Powers Will
Intervene.
A PRINCE SNTJBB£D AT MOSCOW
Henry of Prussia, Brother of the
Kaiser, Ts Greatly Incensed at
His Reception.
BERLIN, Gekmant, June 6.— Since the
Reichstag reassembled after the Whitsun
tide holidays it has been a difficult matter
to secure the attendance of a quorum.
The debate over the reform law governing
associations, the proposal to create quar
ter-battalions in the army and the bill
prohibiting certain transactions on the
I curses failed to move the Chamber from
n^ lassitude, but ttiose in political circles
are in expectation that there will be live
lier times when the presentation of the re
port of the commission on the new civil
code enables the Chamber to discuss in
full session the civil marriage and other
vexed questions which are included in the
code. The Centrists have been untiring
since the code was introduced ana have
conducted privately and publicly a propa
ganda against the civil-marriage clause
thereof. The Government has not yet
explicitly declared whether or not it will
maKe any concessions to the party of the
Center, but if the opinion which prevails
in the lobbies of the Reichstag prove to be
accurate the Centrists will succeed in ob
taining some decree of distinction by
causing purely civil marriages to be placed
upon a footing not at all upon equality
with religious and civil marriages.
The Bourse and the commercial associa
tions are making strenuous protests
gainst the restrictions which the Bourse
bill places upon time transactions and
other commercial and financial dealings,
declaring that the extent to which they
hamper business operations causes them
great hardship, but judging from the
course of yesterday's debate in the Reichs
tag upon the question of the third reading
of the bill the protests will prove unavail
ing, as the Conservatives, National Lib
erals and Socialists hold to the bill as it
stands.
The Centrists are preparing to reintro
duce their proposal to repeal the laws
against the Jesuits, and the Socialists,
Frelssinnigs and Poles will support it,
thus" 1 giving a motion to repeal the law so
large a majority as to probably oblige the
Government to assent to the abolishment
xjfi^irnfi^. Tne majorltrtti favor of the
repeal of" t lie law, which was shown in the
vote taken on the subject in the Reichstag
in 1830, ought to have been sufficient to
secure the abrogation of the law, but the
Bundesrath ignored the decision of the
Chamber.
A significant by election has just been
held in the towns of Ruprin and Templin,
comprising a rural parliamentary district
near Potsdam, whicn was supposed to be
strongly conservative. The Conservative
candidate was Herr yon Aruim, a man of
much ability and very popular, and he
was supported by the Agrarians, but in
ppite of this he was defeated by the Radi
cal candidate by a majority ©f 1300 votes.
The Foreign Office authorities deny that
the Government has received a protest or
a note of any character from Greece in re
gard to the repression by the Turks of the
uprising which is in progress in Crete.
Some concert certainly exists among the
powers, however, the object of which is to
prevent isolated action upon the part of
any one of the powers, as each of them
has sent warships to Canea or Retimo,
ostensibly for the purpose of protecting its
own subjects in the island of Crete, but it
is understood that if the Turks should
attempt a massacre of Cretans, the com
manders of the warships are authorized to
take combined action and hold the lurks
in restraint. Popular feeling in Germany
is entirely on the side of the Cretans.
Following the recent injunctions of the
Emperor against clergymen taking part in
politics, the Prussian authorities have de
cided that disciplinary proceedings be in
stituted against the Rev. Dr. yon Soden, a
Berlin pastor, on account of a speech which
he delivered in ttte evangelical congress
recently held at Stuttgart. The prosecu
tion of Dr. yon Soden is attributed to the
secret influence of Baron yon Stumm, the
well-known advocate of socialist repres
sion, who is credited with having great in
fluence and enjoying close intimacy with
the Kaiser. At the Stuttgart congress
Professor Wagner paid his respects to
Baron yon Stumm, declaring that he
stood upon a lower politico-moral level
than Herr Bebel and the other Socialist
leaders.
The story of an incident connected with
the recent visit of Prince Henry of Prussia,
brother and representative of the Emperor
to Moscow on the occasion of tne corona
tion of the Czar, is being widely circu
lated.
Upon his arrival at Moscow Prince
Henry found that none of the Russian
grand dukes were at the station to receive
him. Prince Henry was greatly incensed
at this and intimated to General yon
Werder, formerly German Embassador at
Ft. Petersburg, who accompanied him, his
intention to immediately return to Berlin,
in resentment of the gross slight which he
declared had been put upon the represen
tative of the German Emperor. General
yon Werder persuaded the Prince to de
lay hie departure, which he did for a few
minutes, and just as his carriage was
starting from the German embassy the
Grand Duke Paul came tearing up and ex
plained that the station master' had for
gotten to telegraph Prince Henry's arrival.
Prince Henry is not satisfied with this ex
planation and wants Prince Hohenlohe,
the Imperial Chancellor, to obtain an
official explanation and an apology.
General A. M. D. McCook.who was one of
tbe representatives of the United States at
the coronation of tbe Czar at Moscow, haa
telegraphed that he will go directly to
Paris from Moscow.
Schooner* Itriven Anhare.
ST. JOHNS, N. B-, June 6. -Several
schooners were lost along the coast last
night during a severe gale. The schooner
White Swan, with a crew of nineteen men,
went ashore near Cape Spear. The crew
barely escaped with their lives. Tbe
schooner Annie was sunk in a collision
and three men were drowned. Three
other vessels, the Emmeline, Piesto and
Liberty, were driven on the rocks, but no
lives were lost.
OPERATIONS IN THE SOUDAN.
England Concentrating a Big Force to Ad-
vance in Omdurman and Wipe Out
the Mahdists.
LONDON, Eng., June 6.— The War Office
has ordered the heads of the staff to pre
pare for tbe dispatch of 5700 troops at the
end of August. Part of these will go to
Egypt, while the remainder will be used to
replace the drafts from Gibraltar and
Malta, from which places troops now there
will be sent to join the Soudan expedition.
The orders indicate that 8500 British troops
will take part in the expedition in Sep
tember.
Tbe Indian contingent will then number
nearly 4000, making tbe combined strength
of the Anglo-Egyptian forces about 21,000
men. This confirms the suspicion that the
Government has deceived the country re
garding the scope of operations contem
plated in the Soudan. An advance on Don
gola would not require such an army. The
objective point is now believed to be Om
durman and Kaesala and the wiping out
of the Mabdists.
If the plans are successful the India
troops will move in Suakim in July and
occupy Erkowit, thirty miles southwest of
that place, on the road to Kassala. Here
they will go into cantonment, which will
be made the base of an advance on Kas
sala and Berber. Erkowit lies on high
ground and is free from the heats of the
Red Sea littoral. There is plenty of water
there.
The report that France and Russia had
protested against the influx of Indian
troops into the Souaan is unknown at the
Foreign Office, though the St. Petersburg
News, which is now the organ of the Rus
sian Foreign Office, says Russia has a good
rieht to oppose it, as the measure implies
the establishment of direct military com
munication Detween India ar.d the Medi
terranean, increasing the power of Great
Britain to interfere in Turkey.
NOT RELEABt:I> AS YET.
Postponement of the Decision in the Case
of the Reformers.
LONDON, Eng., June 6.— The dispatch
from Pretoria published in tbe .Pall Mall
Gazette yesterday announcing that the
four leaders of the Johannesburg Reform
Committee, George Farra, Lionel Phillips,
Colonel Francis Rhodes and John Hays
Hammond, had been released on parole
proves untrue.
A dispatch from Pretoria last evening
reached here this mornine. It says upon
the authority of the Diggers' News that
tbe decision in the case of the reform
committee leaders would be postponed
until June 11, owing to objections raised
in the executive council to the admission
of a proxy for J. M. A. Wolmarans, a
member of the council absent from Pre
toria.
Statesman, Simon I>ying.
PARIS, Fbascs, June 6.— M. Jules
Francois Simon, the celebrated statesman,
life member of the French Senate, mem
ber of the French Academy, perpetual
secretary of the Academy of Moral and
Political Sciences and formerly Prime
Minister of France, is dying. He was born
in 1814.
JTUthting in Cuba.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 6. — In an engage
ment near Melna between the rebel party
under Castillo and a detachment of troops
the rebels lost fifteen kiiled. The loss of
the troops was one lieutenant and rive
soldiers wounded. Rebels attacked the
towns of Managua and Calabazar to-day,
but were repulsed.
M. Andree'm Polar Trip.
BTOCKHOLM, Swedes, June 6.— The
expedition of M. Andree, who proposes to
reach the north pole by means of a balloon,
will sail to-morrow from Gothenburg for
Spitsbergen, from which place tne ex
pedition will proceed in the balloon.
Slaughtered Many Matabeles
LONDON, Eva., June 6.— A dispatch
from Bulnwayo says that Major Baden
Powell with two columns of whites,
attacked the Matabeles six miles from
Buluwayo, killing 180 of them. Three
whites were wounded.
LOOKS BAD FOR WALLING
A Stronger Case Against Him
Than Appeared at the
Jackson Trial.
Damaging Admissions He Has Made to
the Officials on Various
Occasions.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, June 6. —The prose
cution in the Walling trial closed its case
this afternoon, and just before adjourn
ment, Colonel Washington announced that
Walling would be tbe first witness in his
own defense and would take the stand
Monday morning.
The evidence brought out to-day was
very damaging to the prisoner and the im
pression prevails that a stronger case has
been made against Walling than was made
in the Jackson trial.
Colonel Deitscb, Superintendent of Police
of Cincinnati, was the principal witness of
the day. One strong point in his evidence
was that Walling told Deitsch that he had
met Pearl Bryan on the last Wednesday '
afternoon of her life in Cincinnati, at
Fourth and Race streets.
Jackson sent him there. Deitsch said
Walling admitted having advised Jackson
to give Pearl Bryan ergot of rye ; that ho
knew she was coming to the city, but did
not know what had become of her.
Sheriff Plum mer swore that he showed
Walling the hat and handkerchief found
near the body. Walling said he thought
the hat was Pearl Bryan's and the hand
kerchief Jackson's. Walling said he knew
in January that Jackson intended to kill
the girl, and said he tried to coax him not
to do so.
Mayor Caldwell testified that he had
several conversations with Alonzo Wall
ing, in which neither threats nor promises
were made. The Mayor said Walling told
him Jackson said he intended to bring
Pearl Bryan to Cincinnati and give her
quick poison. All Friday night, Walling
told the Mayor, he was in his room. Jack
eon came in late and washed his bands.
Walling heard him muttering to himself,
but could not distinguish the words.
Must Be Sold Soon.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 6.-In the
United States Court this afternoon Judge
Lurton ordered that the Chesapeake, Ohio
and Southwestern Railroad be sold within
six weeks. The upset price was fixed at
$1,500,000. The road is now in a receiver's
hands. It will doubtless be bought by the
Illinois Central.
Kobbed by Highwaymen.
CHICAGO, 111., Jane 6.— L. K. Lein's
dry-goods store, at the corner of Halstead
and Fourteenth streets, was robbed by
highwaymen to-night, who enter d the
store while open and well lighted and
forced the cashier to surrender h?r money,
estimated at $500, at the point of a revol
ver.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
LOWERING SKIES
AND MUDDY TRACK
Slippery but Exciting Races
at the St. Louis Fair
Grounds.
ONE BIG PURSE PUT OUT
Buck Wins the Club Members'
Handicap by Passing the
Dutchman.
CLOSES WITH A GREAT SPURT.
At the Forsyth Course Redskin
Breaks the Record for a Mile
and a Sixteenth.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 6.— The club
members' handicap, worth $6000, drew
6000 people to the fair grounds to-day. A
sousing rain fell for an hour before the
first race, and the fifth event, a free
handicap, was withdrawn, the owners not
liking the mud. For the big purse all the
entered horses faced the starter. Assignee
fell and cut his foot. Bets were declared
off and a new book made with Assignee
scratched.
The revised field got away to a good
start with Flying Dutchman leading, Free
Advice second and the rest bunched half a
length behind. The Dutchman increased
bis lead, and held it to the last turn into
the stretch. Buck Masiie challenged and
drew up with the leader. Ramiro, who
had been last, came with wonderful speed.
At the last furlong Buck passed the Dutch
man and won by & length from Rttniiro.
Seven furlongs, Earl Bug won, Bridge ton «ec
ond, Dennis third. Time, 1:32%-
One mile, Pinkey Potter won , Muskalonge
second. Blacking Brush third. Time, 1:44.
Five furlongs, Treopia won, Zaniar II second,
Fig Leaf third. Time, I :o2ss.
Club members' handicap, one and a quarter
miles. Buck Massie 120 (J. Hill, 11 to 5) won,
Raniiro 100 (T. Sloan, 7to 1) second, Flying
Dutchman 122 (Martin, 7to 5) third. Time,
2:09. Madeline, Free Advice and Simon W
also ran.
Six furlongs, Salvable won, Bridget second,
Dorah Wood third. Time, I:lsJ£.
CHICAGO, 111., June 6.— Forsyth
opened its gates for its second fifteen days'
meeting to-day. Redikin broke the Ameri
can record for a mile and a sixteenth,
covering the distance in 1:45^, the best
previous time being 1:45^ made by Yo
Tambien in 1892. Only two favorites won.
Five furlongs, Wells Street won, Collector
second, Dutch Aerate third. Time, 1 :03.
.Five furlongs. Yours lrulv won, Terrific sec
ond, Harry Gwynn third. Time, 1:01.
Five furlongs, Full Measure won, Mollie
King second, Alto June third. Time, 1:00%
Mile and a sixteenth, Redskin won, Ki'i.g
Bors second, Evanatus third. Time, 1 :45!£.
Six and a half furloncs, Weola won, Lollie
Ea-stiu second. Sunny third. Time, I:2<JJ^.
Mile and an eighth, hurdle, Hercules won,
Tempiemore second, Miles Standish third.
Time, '2 :U'2.
fcix furlongs, Virgie Dixon won, Millie M
second, Irene Wood* third. Time, 1:14 U.
OAKLEY RACETRACK., Ohio, June 6.— Four
and a h.iif furlongs, Kosiuante won, Ktnel Lee
second, White Frost third. Time, :55^-
Six furlongs, selling, Crusader won, Argen
tina II second, Huff manu third. Time, I :l6J£.
Five furlongs, George Rose won, El Toro sec
ond, Solo third. Time. 1:04%.
Cincinneti Oaks, value $1000, Souffle won,
Won't Dance second, Allegra third. Time,
1 A '.» I j. Amazement, Lady Inez and Lufra also
ran.
Three-quarters of a mile, selling, Richfield
won, Dai. j y Bolander second, Old Center third.
Time, 1:15^.
Six furlongs, selling, Oracle won, Mattie Lee
second, St. Pnt third. Time, 1 :14? i.
ORAVESENI) RACETRACK, June 6.-Six fur
longs, Irish Reel won, Sir Francis second,
Buckwa third. Time, 1 :16.
One and one-sixteenth miles. Patrician won,
Dorian second, Lake Shore third. Time, 1:50J4.
Mauhansett stakes, two-year-olds, four and
one-half furlongs. Lithos won, Arbuckle sec
ond, Salvado third. Time, :56.'^.
Patchogue stakes, six furlongs, Paladin won,
Buckrene second, (iotham third. Time, 1:15.
One and one-sixteenth miles, Margrave won,
Hamilton II second, Intermission third. Time,
1:51.
Five furlongs, Dormitor won, Set Fast sec
ond, Azure third. Time, I :O3J^.
SACRAMENTO SCOTS' PICNIC.
Feats of Strength and Graceful Dances
Witnessed by Seven Thousand
People.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., June 6.— Over
7000 people attended the twentieth annual
picnic of the Caledonian Club at East
Park to-day to witness the games and
feats of strength of the bra' Scots and the
graceful dancing of the lads and lassies.
Seven pipers were in attendance, and the
greenwood rang with the strains of the
bagpipes.
The committee on games consisted of
Tom Scott, Daniel Reid, John Morrison,
James Stewart, H. K. McLenan, D. E.
Kerr, J. K. Grin ton and W. A. Guild.
The results of the contests follow:
Putting the heavy stone— First, Thomas Car
roll, 35 teet; second, J. Cameron, 31 feet 7
inches; third, D. Reid, 29 feet 7 inches.
Throwing heavy hammer— First. Thomas
Carroll, 114 feet; second, J. J. Cameron. 106
feet 1 inch; third, D. Reid, 95 feet 5 inches.
Best dressed in full Highland costume — First,
Neil Liudsey; second. J. S. Mclntosh; third,
Donald Weir.
Grand Highland reel— First, J. C. Fraser; sec
ond, Duncan Eraser; third, J. 8. Mclntosh.
Best-dressed boys in Highland costume — A.
McCaw, A. Ross, W. Guild.
Best plain-dressed Highlanders— D. Reid, W.
L. McClennan, J- McDonald.
Reel o' Tullock— J. Frasier, W. L. McLennon,
J. S. Mclbtosh.
Sword dance for boys and girls — A. McCaw,
Corinne Tellford. J. E. Mclntyre, R. Ross.
Oid men's race — First, J. McNie; second, C.
Randeil: third, S. Greenwood.
Girls' race, under twelve years — First, Edna
Ricker; second, Dora McGillery; third, Mabel
Bryles.
Young ladies' race— First, Nettie RJppon;
second, Eva Turner; third, Ruth Lewis.
Married ladies' race— First, Mrs. D. McCurey;
second, Mrs. J. H. Kathan; third, Mrs. G.
Daily.
Boys' race, under twelve yearn— First, L.
Hughes; second, J. Schueer; third, D. Horn
lein.
Short race for men— First, J. Sexsmith; sec
ond, F. Wilson; third, A. Davif.
Standing broad jump — First, J. Murphy, 9
feet 11 inches; second, T. Twaddle, 9 feet 10
inches; third, W. Haley, 9 feet 8 inches.
Throwing s(i-pound weight— First, T. Carroll.
28 feet 7 inches; second, J McArthur, 27 feet 5
inches; third, J. J. Cameron, 25 feei 4 inches.
Standing high jump— First, T. Carroll;
second, W. Halley; third, J. Murphy.
Running long jump — First, J. Murphy, 19
feet; second, A. Davis, 17 feet 10 inches; third
J. Sexsmith, 17 feet 8 inches.
Vaulting with pole— First, J. Mnrpby, 9 feet
6 inches; second, J. Sexsmith, 9 feet; third, S.
Jackson, 8 feei 11 inches.
Half-mile race— First, T. Wilson; second, J.
Hartley; third, J. Sexsmith.
Running hop, step ami jump — First, J. Mur
phy, 40 feet 3 inches; second, T. Twaddle, 38
feet 11 inches; third, S. Jackson, 38 feet 11
inches.
Running high jump— First, H. Hogan,s feet
2 inches; second, J. Murphy, 5 feet; third, T.
Carroll, 5 feet.
One mile race— First, F. Wilson; second, J
Hartley; third, J. Sexsmith.
Throwing 12-pound hammer (young men)
R. L. Brook, 3^ feet 5 inches.
Putting 16-pound shot — A. McCaw.
Vaulting with pole— S. S. Ehrett.
Vaulting with pole (boys under 16 years)—
First, A. McCaw; second, H. Kerr; third T
BcotU
Throwing light hammer— First, J. J. Cam
eron, 125 feet; second, T. Carroll, 122 feet;
third, L. Smith, 118 feet.
Putting light stone— First, T. Carroll, 38 feet
5 inches; second, J. J. Cameron, 37 feet; third,
L. Smith, 34 teet 1 inch.
Highland fling, lads and lassies in costume-
Annie Mclntyre, Corinne Telford, A. Ross and
A. McCaw. _ _
Highland fling for men— J. C. Frasier, J. S.
Mclntosh and W. L. McClellan.
Sword dance for men— J. Mclntosh.W. L.Me-
Lennon and J. C. Frasier.
The day was all that could be desired
and large numbers of visiting Scots were
present.
ON THE HALFFIELD .
Winners of the Games Played at Six
Enxtern Diamonds.
BOSTON, Mass., June 6.— Griffith was even a
greater puzzle to-day than yesterday. In the
fifth Pefler sent the ball over the left-neld
fence. The veteran put up a great game at the
bat and in the field. Score: Chicagos— 4, 11,
3; Bostons— l, 5. 6. Batteries— Griffith and
Kittridge; Nichols and Terry. Umpire-
Lunch.
PHILADELPHIA, PA, June 6.— Philadelphia
made it three straight from Wttsburg to-day.
The game was interesting throughout. The
runs of the visitintr clubs were both earned.
Taylor was very effective at critical stnges.
Score: Philadelphia— s, 7, 0. Piftsburgs— 2,
10,3. Batteries— Taylor and Grady; Huhey
and Sugden. Umpire — Hurst.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 6.— Cleveland tried
t^ree pitchers In the efl'ort to win the third
game from the Baltimores, hut they were all
batted hnrd, the home team capturing the
game. Score: Baltimores — 11, 18. 2; Cleve
lands—6, 9, 2. Batteries— Pond and Clark,
Cuppy and O'Connor. Umpires— Weidman
and Keefe.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 6.— But five Brook
lyn players reached first base in to-day's game
and only one got to second. Fisher's work
was the best seen at Eastern Park this season.
Smith easily carried oft' the honors in the field,
accepting eleven out of twelve chances offered.
Score: Brooklyns— O, 3, 5; Cincinnati's— l3, ls,
1. Batteries— Daub and Burrill, fisher and
Vaughn. Umpire— Sheridan.
WASHINGTON, V. C, June 6.— The Wash
ingtons made it three straight to-day by op
portune hitting in the eighth and ninth in
nings. German was hit hard and in the eighth
inning gave way to Mercer. Score: Washing
tons—lo, 11, 4; Louisvilles— B, 14, 4. Bat
teries—German, Mercer and McGuire; Cun
ningham and Milter. Umpire— Einslie.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 6 —The Browna
won their first game of their Eastern trip to
day. Hart pitched splendidly. TheNewYorks
made a rally in the ninth, but it did not quite
reach the mark. Score: New Yorks— 4, », 3;
St. Louis— 6, 10, 4. Batteries— Meekiu and Far
rell; Hart and Murphy. Umpire— Henderson.
FOR THE LARGE HATERS.
Wales' Britannia Led at the Start, But
Was Beaten by Meteor.
LONDON, Eng., June6.— The yacht race
for large raters under the auspices of the
Royal Thames Yacht Club, under the
usual conditions of the Channel match,
was sailed to-ctay. The race was open to
boats of any rig of not less than fifteen
rating, belonging to any recognized club,
British or foreign, first prize value £600.
The course was from the Nose to Dover
round the Goodwin Sands and keeping the
usual big ship track, yacht racing associa
tion time allowance for a sixty-mile
course.
The Prince of Wales' Britannia was in
the lead at the start, with the Meteor,
owned by Emperor William, Ailsa and
Satanita following in the order named.
The Meteor finished first at 4 :53 :49. The
Britannia, which was allowed eight min
utes and eight seconds by the Meteor, ar
rived at the finish at Dover at 5:07:58. The
Satanita finished at 5:12:15 and the Aiha
a few minutes later.
The twenty-raters sailed over the same
course as the larger boats. Tne starters
were the Niagara, the fciaint and the Peni
tent. Hie Penitent beat the Saint easiiy,
and the Niagara was half an hour behind
the Penitent at the finish.
Cooper lie f 'rats Bald.
FREDONIA, N. V., June 6. — Eddie
Bald and Tommy Cooper came together
to-day at the meet of the L. A. W. at Fre
donia and Cooper won.
In the one-mile race Bald slowed up at
the finish, declarinc that he had been
pocketed by two riders. In the two-mile
race he fell on the last half and was bruised
slightly.
In the twenty-mile race C. H. Whitlcy,
a dark horse of Erie, Fa., won. Adolph
Goesler of Buffalo won the time prize, low
ering the course record 2% minutes.
Woodland's Road Race.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 6.— The twelve
miie bicycle handicap road race in this
city this aftornoon was won by Moses
Haines. The best time was 44:10. The
riders finished in the following order:
Moses Haines. John Shelton, Roy Smith.
J. M. Kreiss", E. N. Henderson, Ray ilc-
Murray, Fred Bullock, Harry Adams, J.
T. Burke.
Yale Oarsmen Depart.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 6.— The Yale
crew which will try for honors in the race
for the historic grand challenge cup in the
Henley regatta left the American Line
dock this morning on the American line
steamship Berlin. They were given a
rousing send-off by thousands of friends
on the dock.
Fought a Ten- Hound Itrntc.
BROOKLYN. N. V., June 6. -Young
Griffo, the Australian feather-weight,
fought a ten-round draw with Billy Ernst
of Brooklyn at the Unique Theater to
night.
Johnson's East Quarter.
LONDON, Exc, June 6.— Bicyclist J. 8.
Johnson rode a quarter of a mile in 25}£
seconds at Catford to-day.
The National tiaengerfest.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 6.— Pittsburg
in holiday attire will welcome and enter
tain thousands of guests next week, the
occasion being the twenty-eighth National
Saengerfeat .of the North American
Saengerbund which convenes for the sec
ond time in Pittsburg. Beginning Mon
day evening and continuing until
Wednesday night there are to be five
grand concert 3 one each afternoon
and evening, which will engage between
2600 and 3000 vocalists, representing over
100 German singing societies throughout
the country. A number of famous sing
ers and a competent symphony orchestra
will participate. A street parade, the
largest and most unique ever witnessed in
Pittsburg, and a monster picnic at Ali
quippa Grove on Thursday, will be the
closing feature. On Friday it is hoped to
organize the North American Saenger
bund into a permanent organization.
Bieyele factories tihut JDourn.
TOLEDO, Ohio, June 6.— A1l the great
bicycle factories, which employ about
3000 men, will shut down indefinitely
next weefc. This is said to be the first
move toward curtailing the output of
wheels and the primary object ot which is
to force the prices up to the $100 notch on
standard machines. It Is stated that fac
tories in many other cities will follow suit.
This would lead to the fcelief that there is
a National combination of wheel-makers.
Kent Hanged in Effigy.
OMAHA, Nebb., June 6.— Congressmen
Kern was haneed in effigy last night at
Benson, a suburD of this city. An alleged
picture of him was obtained and attached
to the fk'ure, with inscriptions upon it.
Then, after being hangeU, it was set .on
fire and riddled with bulleta. The Con
gressman's action regarding the Trans-
Mississippi Exposition bill aroused public
feeling against him.
JF ranhlin's Statue Unveiled.
CHICAGO, 111., June 6.— The hand
some bronze statue of Benjamin Franklin,
presented to the printers of Chicago by
Joseph Medill, publisher of the Chicago
Tribune, and erected in Lincoln Park, was
unveiled this afternoon. About 3000 per
sons were present. The uncovering was
done by Rene Bache of Philadelphia, the
great-grandson of Franklin.
FEUD OF BIG
SANDY VALLEY.
Differences That Led to the
Shooting of Lee
Blasingame.
WAS IN SELF-DEFENSE.
Corlew Beaten by the Sheepmen
at the Threshold of His
Home.
THE VICTIM STYLED A BULLY
Mountaineers Declare That He Has
Long Been Trampling Upon
Their Rights.
FRESNO, Cal., June 6. — W. Cloudsly
Corlew, who shot and wounded Lee
Blasingame, in Big Sandy Valley, was
brought to the County Jail to-day by
Deputy Sheriff Bedford and Deputy Con
stable Henry. Tbe officers left last nighi
for the scene of the shooting, but at Senti
nel, about half-way to Big Sandy, thpy
met Corlew, who was on his way to Fresno
to give himself up. Corlew was accom
panied by his brother, Cliff Corlew, and his
father-in-law, Thomas Hall.
When seen at the jail by a Call corre
spondent, Corlew refused to make a state
ment. He said, however, that he did not
consider that he had done anything wrong
From his brother, Clifford Corlew, his story
of the shooting was obtained.
Blasingame's sheep passed through the
mountains a few days ago, being driven
to Summit to graze during tbe summer.
The sheep were allowed by herders to feed
upon tbe Bald Hill Meadow on Pine
Ridge, about ten miles above Big Sandy.
This meadow is owned by Corlew Broth
ers. Cliff Corlew was at the meadow at
the time and he fired a charge of shot into
the band and killed a number of sheep.
He told the herders to notify Blasingame
that this was the manner in which he in
tended to keep the sheep off his pasture
and that it was the only way in which he
could do so.
About two years ago Cloud Corlew shot
into a band of Blasingame's sheep at the
same place,
The herders told Blasing^me of the
shooting of his sheep by Cliff Corlew.
Blasingame immediately came down the
mountain on a private tjrail of the Corlew
brothers, from their meadow to their home
in Big Sandy. lie arrived at Cloud Cor-
Jew's honse first, and was evidently seek
ing trouble. He began a tirade ana Cor
lew replied spiritedly. Blasingame then
dismounted from his horse and struck
Corlew.
Blasingame is a big man and a scientific
boxer. Corlew is small of stature and was
at the mercy of Blasingame, whose anger
was arou-ed to a high pitch. Blasingame
had a six-shooter hanging from his belt,
while his opponent was unarmed.
Corlew claims that he did not offer any
resistance to Blasingame, and tried only
to escape into his house. But Blasingame
got between him and the house and he
had to take considerable punishment, of
which several abrasions on his face are
evidence. Finally Corlew succeeded in
escaping and ran into nis house.
Blasingame mounted his horse and rode
away. When ne was about 100 yards
distant Corlew came out of the house with
a shotgun and tired at the sheepman. He
afterward dispatched two men to see if
Blasingame was hurt, but they returned,
saying that they could not find him.
Blasingame must have ridden some dis
tance before his horse gave out. The
sheepman did not return the fire with his
pistol when tired upon. He got away as
rapidly as possible, evidently fearing the
second barrel of the shotgun.
Residents of tbe mountains all side with
Corlew. The prisoner can easily procure
almost any amount of bail. The people of
the mountains say that Blasingame has
imposed upon them for many years, act
ing the part of a bully. He has the repu
tation of a fighter.
Tne shooting was in no way connected
with the Heath case, as first surmised.
Acifuitt.it at Halt l.nkf.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Jun« 6.—
Harry Hinds, who shot and killed Walter
Pinwoody, whom he found in company
with his wife, last March,was to-day found
not guilty of murder.
T? ou
i must not allow yourself to be
completely prostrated. When
you note signs of impending
danger, when your blood is in
bad condition, when you are
constipated, when your liver
and kidneys are exhausted, you
should use the genuine cure.
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: I have taken your Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla ana can say I have never seen any-
thing equal to it. I have suffered tan
years with dyspepsia, not being able to eat
anything but milk and brown bread. Life
was nothing but misery for me.
. , Now I have a good , appetite, eat any-
thing I wish and feel no disagreeable
effects from it. I wish I could tell ail dys-
peptics and urge them to try your Vege-
table Sarsaparilla.
Signed MR. JOHN TIMOTHY, '
Forbestown, Cal.
NEW TO-DAY.
SIMPLY YOUR
OWN INTEREST
XX X If s . simply studying your own interests -
2? X 5C °oth as to fashion, assortment and style,-
X X } X t° buy your clothes at the big Kearny-street
2C X 5f house, the only big clothing house in town ;
IV £\ the only clothing house that gives interests
X X b°tfo a $ t° fashion, assortment and style,
X A to buy your clothes at the big Kearny-street
X 5C house, the only big clothing house in town ;
JL J? the only clothing house that gives you the
g 5( X very newest and latest styles, fabrics,
XX if weave& and high-class tailoring at prices
A X X that leave no question in your .mind as to
Sk X A who are the Icing-pins in the clothing world.
We demonstrate our sayings by facts ; don't believe ■
in shooting off our mouths and having nothing to bach
it up with. Ours is not a concert hall, but a clothing
house. We don't labor under a million-dollar annual
expense. Our expenses are merely nominal ; due econ-
omy pervades throughout the entire house, so as to be in
a position to give you prices which bar out all possibili-
ties of a competitor in the clothing world.
Then how are these others that make claims for
your patronage in a position to cope with your big
Kearny-street house? They're not in it a little bit ;
they know it ; we know it and the big masses know who
are giving the Simon-pure values in this town. The
crowds that flock to the big Kearny-street house will
demonstrate that to any doubter, if a doubter exist.
j * — y^ '■ _ z f^^ / 1 I Rj
<*) Our picture above shows you a
' A very swell Double-Breasted Suit;
V it's a very natty and Spring-like
O garment ; Blue and Black Chev-
Q lots ; that Oxford Gray and Steel
A Mixtures in Cheviot. The con-
V cert hall says $8. for such
Q garments. We say for pick, and
Q a big pick it is,
% —$5.00--
j2 *iirC 3^^^. M^\ ' f"^ Busin ' yC (^ C^^^
"~ry^ffU I Wfm \ SlvVhß Itlilrtf 1
THE LAST CALL
0 0 0 On those remarkably clever Suits at $8.50. It 'a
000 been the banner sale of the year ; nothing like it
JL A A has ever been approached in this or any other city ■
V ■ V V of the Union. The very cleverest ideas of the tai-
V T JL lor's art find an embodiment in these very swell
000 Spring Suits at
000 — $8.50—
Those pretty English Homespuns in light, medium and dark
shades ; not one of 'em can be touched in this town under $15,
$17 and $18 ; awfully swell Spring Suits and awfully cleverly
tailored. The last call at the price, $8.50.
Those very swell Black Clay Worsted Cutaways. Your tailor,
wouldn't think of making one for you like ours under $40. In
cutaways an d sacks ; awfully dressy and genteel garments. Last
call at the price, $8.50.
Our New Book, "Hints From a Big Store," telling how to
shop by mail. Your name and address and ifs yours.
-t^- -A I—* J"3-..>V H■■ ■ £3
aNOORPORATED).
' THE SAJY FRANCISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
34
QUEEN OF THE
SANTA CRUZ FETE.
Miss Josie Turcot Wins
After an Exciting
Contest.
MANY VOTES ARE CAST.
Blocks of Scores and Hundreds
Deposited During the
Last Hour.
A HIGH SCHOOL FAVORITE,
Tho Sovereign -Elect Supported by
Her Associates of the
Class of '96.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 6.— Mist
Josie Turcot was elected Queen of tbe
Santa Cruz Venetian Carnival to-night by
a majority oyer Miss Nina da 6t. Hubert I
Miss Josie Turcot, Elected Queen of the Santa Cruz Venetian Carnival.
[From, a photograph by McKean & Ort.\
of 2825. These two young ladies were the
only real contestants in tbe race to-night.
Many large blocks of votes had been pur
chased during the past two or three days
lor the two leading candidates, and to-day
the number waa augmented.
The voting proceeded with apparent
elowness during the last hour, but in
reality the ballots were going in in lots of
scores and hundreds. Many of the high
Bchool boys, who had been working for
Miss Turcot, were at the carnival head
quarters during the evening eagerly
watching the votes as they were put into
the box, for Miss Turcot was a favorite
graduate of the class of '96.
Miss Turcot won many admirers by her
admirable essay, "The Class Prophecy,"
read at the recent commencement, and by
her work as associate of Milton Schwartz
in the editorial conduct of Santa Cruz Hi,
a very creditable amateur paper published
by high-school pupils. She is a niece of
Judge J. H. Logan of the Superior Court
of this county and makes her home with
her uncle and aunt at Logan Heights.
Judge Logan was present at the polling
booth to-night and received the congratu
lations of many friends upon his niece's
success. He was greeted with the high
school class "yell"' 6t the announcement
of the total vote of 5232.
The maids of honor elected are Misses
Minnie Cope, Lina Wilbur, Grace Young,
Mattie Patton, Daisy Armer, Jessie Wood
ward, Addie Hinkle, Sadie Rice, Marcia
Holloway, Mrs. Ida Terry.
A CALL TO REPUBLICANS.
President Kinney of the State League Urges
the Organization of Local
Clubs.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., June 6.— The fol
lowing circular has been issued from the
headquarters of the League of Republican
Clubs in this city:
General Headquarters >
California State League of>
Republican Clubs. >
To the Republicans of Calif ornia : The under
signed, having been appointed president of the
California State League of Kepubllcan Clubs,
takes this method of bringing the subject of
Knional League organization before trie Re
publicans of the State, and in so doing cor
dially solicits the co-operation of all who are
interested in club work in general.
Tbe Republican party, in convention assem
bled at Sacramento on May 5, 1896, paid tbe
following tribute to the efforts of permanent
clubs:
"We indorse the work of the National League
and the efforts of the young men of our party
to make it a potent factor in prosecuting a vig
orous and successful campaign in this State.
The great State of California has never had
a fully organized League of Republican Clubs.
Its area is so large and its cities and towns so
far ai>art that it has seemed a colossal under
taking to maintain a concerted plan of action
between the organizations of the various sec
tions.
The Republican party of California has never
been more united thttn at present. The oppo
sition has no inducements to enlist the great
army of first voters who will exercise their
right of sovereignty for the first time at the
polls next November.
Now is the time to start the work. Now is
the time to organize a League of Republican
Clubs in every Congressional district. The
Sixth District is already organized and some
of the others are making preliminar; prepara
tions. '
The following constitution Is recommended
by the executive committee of the National
League :
ABTICLK I— NAME, OBJECT.
Section 1. The name of this organization
shall be The Bistrict Republican
League of California.
Sec. 'Z. The object is to promote In every
legitimate way the success of the Republican
party, its principles and candidates.
Sec. 3. The league shall not bQ used In any
wsy to further the interests of any candidate
for office previous to nomination.
ARTICLE II— PLAN.
Section 1. The perfected plan of organiza
tion for the Republican League of California
shall include a league in each Congressional
district in the State, a league in each county
and one or more clubs in each town or city.
ARTICLE III— MEMBERSHIP.
Section 1. Any resident of the district who
will support the principles of the Republican
party shall be eligible to membership in the
local clubs.
ARTICLE IV. OFFICERS.
Section" 1. The officers of the District
Republican League of California shall consist
of a president, a secretary, a treasurer and one
vice-president from each county in the district,
who shall be the president of the county
league. All said officers snail be elected an
nually, but shall holJ their office until their
successors are elected. If v.o county president
is elected i;i «ny one year before the 4th
day of July, then the district president Miall
appoint such county president, who shall then
become a vice-president of the district league;
or, if a vacancy occurs for any reason in tli,e
office of county president, then the district
president shall nil the vacancy by appoint
ment until his successor is duly elected and
Has accepted the office.
ARTICLE V— STANDING COMMITTEES.
Section' 1. There shall be three standing
committees, viz. : Executive, finance and or
ganization.
Sec. 2. Executive: The executive committee
shall consist of the district president, secre
tary, treasurer, and the president of each
couity league. Its duties snail be to enforce
the provisions of the constitution and by-laws.
The president shall call district conventions
and rallies.
At the recommendation of two or more clubs
a temporary president will be appointed by
the State League to call a convention of clubs
in each district. It is important that imme
diate action be taken so that delegates may be
elected to the National Convention of the
league, which will be held at Milwaukee on
August 23-27. Tni» convention will Decom
posed of two delegates-at-large from each State
and two delegates from each Congressional
District in which, there shall be one or more
permanent Republican clubs, together with
the president and secretary of each State
League. Clubs may obtain farther informa
tion by addressing the secretary of the Cali
fornia League at Los Angeles.
There should be a league clnb in every col
lege to offset the free-trade fallacies that have
been taught in many of our institutions of
learning. The issue is drawn between patriot
ism, protection and prosperity on one side,
and foreign theories and foreign wages on the
other.
Every town should have its club. These can
circulate speeches and campaign publications
under the supervision of the State League, and
by advocating: the real issues educate every
voter before election. Concerted action is de
sired among these clubs, and for this purpose
the immediate formation of district leagues is
urged.
The District League, when once organized, is
always kept in active working order by the
enthusiasm accumulated every two year? in
the Congressional elections. The energetic
and ambitious young men within the Tines
will always make its conventions full of life,
anrt the large territory covered by the clubs
will give to tham an importance that will
make them wortny of public attention.
As soon as the eevea Congressional districts
of the State are thoroughly organized a State
convention will be called. Delegates to the
Milwaukee convention will obtain their ere
dentials from the State secretary. Yours for
Republican success, Arthur W. Kikney,
President California State League.
George Francis, Secretary, Los Angeles, Cal.
FATALITY AT PINE NUT.
Mine-Owner Zirn's Life Crushed
Out by the Falling of a
Bowlder.
Shocking Dsath of a Man Who
Owned Gold Fields Worth
Millions.
OARSON, Nev., June 6.— William Zirn,
the discoverer and principal owner of the
now famous mines at Pine Nut, was killed
at his mine to-day. An overhanging
bowlder fell upon him, crushing out his
life. Zirn evidently heard the bowlder
start and crowded toward the wall, but his
chest was crushed in and both legs broken.
Tbe accident occurred just after the noon
meal, when Zirn was alone.
Zirn died with millions around him.
The mine lately had developed some won
derfully rich ore, and the new mill put up
by Zirn & Schultz had been turning out
bullion in large quantities. Many people
are of the opinion tbat Zirn had a great
deal of wealth in the shape of gold dust
which he had saved for yean, as he could
always produce any quantity required.
His partner, Schultz, was in Carson at the
time of the accident.
Many people acquire wealth by taking
advantage of other people's misfortune.
The Columbus Buggy Company is over
stocked for a backward spring and Presi
dential year and is selling without profit
rather than to carry goods over, which we
never do. 213-215 Market street, S. F. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SITJSTDA?, JUKE T, 1890.
DUNHAM SEEN
NEAR MERCED.
Supped With a Rancher to
Whom He Applied
for Food.
LEFT FOR THE HILLS.
After His Departure Mine Host
Learns the Identity of
His Visitor.
FOSSES OS A BROAD TRAIL.
Find Several Camping Places of the
Fugitive, but He Is Yet at
Liberty.
MERCED, Cal., June 6.— A. Brandon, a
rancher living ten mile* southeast of Mer
ced, came to town this afternoon and re
ported that a suspicioui-looking character,
evidently a criminal, had come to his
ranch about 6 o'clock on Thursday evening
and asked for something to eat. Neither
Brandon nor his men could induce the
stranger to tell where he was from or
whither he was going.
After eating supper the stranger started
northeastward toward the foothills. His
strange actions caused Brandon to taKe a
eood look at him, and one of Brandon's
neighbors, who happened in at the time,
also examined his appearance carefully.
Brandon and the neighbor came to
Merced to-day and described the stranger
to Constable T. A.. Mack, who at once
recognized the description as that of Dun
ham, the San Jose murderer.
Mack then produces a photograph of
Dunham, and both men identified it pos
itively as a perfect picture of the man
who visited the Brandon ranch on Thurs
day night.
Officers started immediately from here
in pursuit.
TRACKS OF THE FUGITIVE.
Broad Trail litft by Dunham in Bit
Journey Southward.
SAN JOBE, Cal., June 6. — Deputy
Sheriff Gardner returned to San Jose this
morning after having spent eight days in
the mountains in search of Murderer Dun
bam, and although he returned without
the much-sought criminal he is still hope
ful that Dunham will be captured in the
direction in which he baa been searching.
He is confident that he and his party were
on Dunham's trail, and that had they been
two days earlier in their chase in that di
rection they would have been sure of cap
turing him. Deputy Sheriff Rivei and
Sheriff McEvoy of San Mateo also re
turned with Gardner. .
"Rives and I left here one wees ago last
Wednesday," said Deputy Sheriff Gard
ner. "We struck in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains by way of Almadeu and then worked
eastward. The next day we got word of
Dunham having been seen back of Smith's
Creek, so we figured that we had better i
eet into the mountains back of Bells sta
tion and try to head him off if he came
south. Sunday we were joined by
Sheriff McAvoy and Under Sheriff Mans
field of San Mateo County, and Deputies
Headen and Harrison of San Jose. Headen
and Harrison went across the mountains
by the Pacheco Pass road and we went
back into the mountains about twelve
miles northeast of Bells station.
"Around a little spring we found foot
prints, and we followed them for some dis
tance along the ridge and then lost them,
but we finally found Dunham's tracks in
the creek bed and followed them for sev
eral miles to a point near the O'Connor
place. At this piace we got what we con
sidered a 'sure tip,' and 1 believe it was
straight.
"O'Connor had been getting ready to take
his cattle to market. On Saturday night
some one slept in O'Connor's barn, and
when O'Conner went to the barn early the
next morning the man jumped out of a
rear window and hid uear by in the grow
ing barley. We saw where hesleptand
where he had pressed the barley down.
'•We started down the canyon, and had
not gone far when we got on to Dunham's
trail and found a barley sack containing
three biscuits which had been cooked
several days before, a small piece of meat |
and a portion of a flour sack. Near by was
also a copy of The Call of May 5 and a
saucer. There was a bottle, in which was
about a teaspoonful of miik. We soon
lost the trail and did not strike it again un
tii we reached the Mountain Mouse, about
fifteen miles from O'Connor's, and south
fast of Bell's. At the Mountain House we
found that a stranger had slept there on
Sunday night, and it was Tuesday night
when he reached there. A Spaniard saw a
man crawl out of a manger early in the
rnorninpr, and his description answered
that of Dunham.
"We then thought we would go down
the ridge in a southerly direction. Four
miles below we found the grain sacks
which Dunham had been wearing on his
feet, and from there we found tracks twice
near the headwaters of Los Banos. Dun
ham was a day ahead of us, so we thought
best to try and head him off instead of
trailing. We went on the double quick to
the ridge between Big Panoche and Little
Panoche valleys, and there we were intend
in * to stop for the night. This was on
Thursday night. The Under Sheriff of
Hollister came to us about 11 o'clock that
night with a telegram from Under Sheriff
Benson, stating tbat Edson was on the
trail near Hayes station. We saddled up
and struck out about 12 o'clock, arriving
at Big Panoche at 7 o'clock on Friday
morning.
"We went on to Hayes station and tried
to get fresh horses there, but could pet
none. Our horses were worn out. We
found that Dunham was seen three miles
this side of Hayes station on Wednesday.
As we could get no horses we decided to
tnrn back and be ready to take the train
for the point nearest to where Dunham
might be seen."
Gardner expresses the utmost faitn in
the theory that Dunham is beating south
ward. Deputies Gardner and Rives will
probably leave to-morrow morning for
San Miguel by train, and from that point
go to Bitter water, through Priest Valley,
and endeavor to get on the trail again as
near Dunham as possible.
TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD.
Memorial Services to Be Beld by the
San Jose Orange.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 6.— At the meet
ing of the San Jose Grange this morning it
was decided to hold public memorial Ber
vices in honor of Colonel R. P. McGlincy
and family, the victims of murderer Dun
ham, two weeks from to-day. The
Auditorium will probably be secured for
the purpose. A committee was also ap
pointed to draft resolutions of respect to
the memory of the murdered family.
Subscriptions amounting to $45 were made
by Grange members to the reward fund
for Dunham's arrest.
A proposition to raise a fund to pay off
a mortgage on the home of Dr. Scbessler,
the father of Minnie Schessler, the mur
dered servant-girl of the McGlincy family,
was received with much favor, but no
action was taken. At the time of her
death the girl was devoting all her savings
to paying off the mortgage.
WAS HE DUNHAM?
A Mysterious Stranger for Whom Local
Officers Are Seeking.
The police are looking for a dusty,
travel-stained stranger who arrived in this
City one week ago to-night. There is rea
son to believe that the hunted man is no
less a person than Dunham, the six-time
murderer of Santa Clara County. Last
Sunday the Independent Rifles cave a pic
nic in the Santa Cruz Mountains, the
stopping-point being but a few miles from
the scene of the Campbells tragedy. The
reasons which lead the police and others
to helieve that Dunham is or has be>n in
the City are best given by a member of the
Independent Rifles.
"We had been at the picnic grounds
about two hours," he said, "when a
stranger suddenly appeared in the crowu.
At tbe time nothing was thought of the
occurrence, as it is a common thin? for
the country folks to mix with picnickers
visiting there. las well as others noticed
that the stranger had on a neat fitting suit
of clothes, though they showed visible
evidence of a long, tiresome trip. The
fellow's face was covered by a short
stubby beard, and he gave other evidence
of having been a long way from home. I
wish to say, however, that at the time .
these personal shortcomings did not at
tract any particular notice.
•"Duriric the day the fellow mixed with
the crowd in a general sort of way, though
he did not seem to know any particular
person. Ho talked with all in a free and
easy manner, but he was reticent concern
ing" himself. In the evening when the
picnickers boarded the train for their re
turn to the City the stranger was also a
Eassenger. He was without a ticket, but
c got around that by paying his fare.
"Then for the first time we began to
notice him, and all his personal peculiari
ties became plainly evident. Now, I am
perfectly convinced that this man was the
murderer, for the pictures published tally
exactly with his appearance.
"When the train reached San Francisco
our temporary companion moved slowly
from the car" with the crowd, and then
lost himself in the greater throng outside.
I have not see him since, and I hardly
suppose any one else ha 3 ."
For a week past every effort has been
made to find the man who looks like Dun
ham and who mado himself so much at
home among the gay pleasure-seekers of
Fanta Cruz Mountains. So far not the
slightest trace of him has been found.
The impression prevails that the stranger,
whom many now swear was Dunham,
immediately took an overland train for
the East.
MURDER OF A SCOTIA CHILD.
Otto Olsen Accused of Killing Fretty
Minnie Carson.
EUREKA, Cal., June 6.— Otto Olsen was
to-day broueht in from Scotia by Sheriff
Bro\fn and Chief of Police Hitchings to
answer the charge of having murdered
pretty 9-year-old Minnie Carson. Olsen is
a millhand and addicted to drink.
While Mrs. Carson was absent from
home on May 30 some one entered her
house and forced little Minnie to swallow
the contents of a flask of whisfcy, from the
effects of which she died yesterday. The
broken flask was found on the floor of the
house. It was similar to one which Olsen
had been seen with shortly before and not
far from Carson's house. Olsen was
known to have visited the home before.
Police Judge Holmes to-day held Olsen
to appear for examination on a charge of
murder.
Failure at Atviso.
ALVISO, Cal., June 6.— John Karr, a
dealer in general merchandise, has tiled a
petition in insolvency. His liabilities foot
up $1858. The assets consist of a stock of
goods and book accounts wortli $997. The
petitioner has real property valued at
$3000, subject to a SlftOO mortgage. The
petition will be heard June 15.
Every man ihoula rend the advertisement of
Thomas Slater on page 32 of this paper.
WW% j3?r*V^' A MULTITUDE
? V "«t*Jj :&A %■ l OF CURES.
The wonder-worker of the nineteenth century is the great
remedio=treatment, Hudyan. Multitudes of men in different walks
of life have been cured and have praised the great remedio=treatment,
Hudyan.
"No tongue can tell it's value, no heart express the true grati-
tude, no voice sound its actual praise." Why? Because Hudyan
makes man. The great remedio=treatment is a man=maker.
Hudyan cures falling sensations, dizziness, blues, lost vigor,
neurasthenia, nervous exhaustion, drains and lost or failing man-
hood. This new discovery has elicited heartfelt praise from some of
the most eminent doctors. Hudyan is harmless, but no one else can
administer Hudyan except the old doctors of the Hudson Medical
Institute. Weak men, in mind or body, come and be restored. Put
away false pride and false modesty— be a man. Circulars and testi-
monials of this new wonder-worker will be given or sent to all who
call or all who write Hudson Medical Institute, Market, Stockton
and Ellis streets.
SILVER WINS
AT STOCKTON.
Democrats of San Joaquin
County Demand Free
Coinage.
BUDD'S RULE INDORSED.
The American Protective Associa
tion Denounced in tbe
Resolutions.
GOULD A WAKD DELEGATE.
The State Chairman's Friends Send
Him to the Convention at
Sacramento.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 6.— One of the
liveliest Democratic conventions in the
history of the county was that of to-day.
For the past few days all sorts of wire
pulling has been going on, and the ene
mies of Frank H. Gould had him where
they wanted him last night- Then the
programme was changed, as his followers
were afraid to put him up with the other
prominent Democrats as a delegate at
large to the State Convention, and so sent
him to-day as a representative of his ward.
Their chief fear was because of a report
that was circulated last night to the effect
tbat he was a member of a Mission coun
cil of the American Protective Association
In San Francisco. This report could not
be confirmed to-day by the men who cir
culated it.
When the convention opened there was
no doubt that Marion de Vries of this
city would be the chairman. Dr. Gordon
of Lodi was also nominated, but he re
ceived but seven votes and De Vries all the
rest-.
The delegates came to the convention
with all eorts of resolutions in their
pockets, and there was a sharp con
troversy as to whether debate should be
permitted on the resolutions submitted to
the committee having charge of them. It
was finally decided to cut off debate, but
to allow the resolutions to be read. One
of the resolutions denounced Cleveland in
round terms, and the others were rabid
anti-American Protective Association. Of
the latter the following is a sample of
those submitted to the committee:
Whereas, Tbe Democratic party has ever
bees, as It now is, the adherent and Bervant
of the constitution of our country, and par
ticularly of those provisions- embodying the
cardinal, liberal and humane dogmas of
Democracy which were penned and inscribed
by that all-Amerioan, Thomas Jefferson,
guaranteeing to every citizen the free exercise
of the religion of his choice, tind prohibiting a
religious tost as a qualification for any office
or public trust; and whereas, the prin
ciples, teachings and practices of the
bo - called American Protective Associa
tion, an organization of constitutional
assassins, who, like all treasonable, unlawful
associations, sprang into existence in the dark
and labored and is laboring in alienating, by
the fostering of religious strife, the friendship,
esteem and respect of a class of most worthy
citizens because of their religious belief, there
by robbing the virtue and sapping the life
blood from those constitutional provisions;
therefore be it
Resolved, That we denounce the so-called
American Protective Association as un-Ameri
can, as inimical to the tranquillity and pros
perity of this Government, as treasonable in
its scope and desiens and traitorous to the
spirit of our constitution, modeled by liberal
and intellectual minds and honored and re
spected by every true American.
It was finally decided to adopt some
more conservative statement of the senti
ment of tbe delegates, and the following
platform embodies about what the con
vention agreed upon, although the men
who drafted the foregoing resolution are
glum to-night because they did not insist
on its adoption:
The Democratic party of the County of Ban
Joaquin, in convention assembled, declares its
devotion to those principles of party faith
which have stood as our creed through a
hundred years of political existence and
which have remained in merit unshaken by
either reverses or defeat.
Whereas, Tnere will be held in Sacramento
on June lt>, 189tf, a State Democratic Conven
tion for the purpose of selecting delegates to
the National Democratic Convention to be
held in Chicago; and, whereas, the exigencies
of the times and the condition of our people
demand the restoration of silver to its mone
tary status prioi to the demonetization in
1873; be it
Resolved, That it is the sentiment of this con
vention tiuft there should be an immediate
and complete restoration of tho system of bi
metallism which obtained in our country irom
1793 to 1873,- and which system is in our opin
ion tssential to the best interests of commerce,
argrlculture and manufacturing, all of which,
alike are languishing from the continuous fall
of the prices of products and the consequent
embarrassment and bankruptcy of those eD
gaged therein. In order to restore this system
we demand the free and unlimited coinage of
both gold and silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, and
the use of both of such metals when coined as
money of ultimate redemption without dis
tinction or discrimination and without defer
ring action for the assent or concurrence of
any other nation; and be it further
Resolved, That the delegation from this con
vention to the State Convention to be held at
Sacramento, be tind it is hereby instructed and
directed to put forth and use its best efforts to
secure the adoption of a platform embodying
the above principles and that the delegation
at such convention vote only for such persons
as delegates to the said National Convention
as can Eafeiy be relied on to carry out the";e
principles in the adoption of the National
Democratic platform and in the nomination of
a Presidental candidate in sympathy with the
free silver sentiment of our people.
We reaffirm our devotion to our free public
schools, and recognize in the system the safe
guard of American liberties. We are opposed
to any appropriation of public funds in aid of
any sectarian educational institution.
\Ve favor a radical modification of our immi
gration and naturalization laws, and the re
striction by stringent legislation of objection
able foreigi: immigration, and the curtail
ment of the liberality in naturalization of all
foreign-born persons.
We are unalterably opposed to any attempt,
by organization or otherwise, to impair that
constitutional guarantee by which the free ex
ercise and enjoyment of religious profession
and worship, without discrimination Or prefer
ence, is secured to our people.
The Democratic party has ever been the
party of personal liberty and religious free
dom, and it is now opposed to the enactment
ot any law. the purpose or design of which is
to sustain or enforce any religious tenet or sect,
and to any law, organization or society, reli
gious or political, that tends or designs to
proscribe the citizen for or on account of his
religious belief, or io apply any such te«t as a
qualification for public official preferment*
The present chief executive of the State of
California has earnestly and industriously
labored to and has investigated the conduct
of the public institution's of this State, and
has inaugurated thereby Bn efficient and
economical administration of public affairs;
and he has by his industry and conscientious
official energy accomplished such reforms as
will redeem the promises and pledges of the
piatform upon which he was elected; there
fore, be it
Resolved, That Governor James H. Budd has,
by his tireless activity and energy in the pul>
lie service, justly earned tbe approbation of
the entire people of the State ot California,
and we point with pride to his masterful ad
ministration of the affairs of. the nigh office
occupied by our esteemed fellow-townsman,
and express our congratulations upon his suc
cessful administration of the affairs of date.
Free silver was the cry of the convention
all the way through, but when the anti-
American Protective Association resolu
tions were submitted they met with
almost as much applause as the statement
that the delegates were for the free coinage
of silver, first, last and all the time. The
indorsement of Governor Budd's adminis
tration was loudly applauded.
Alter the adoption of the platform,
Frank H. Gould claimed the floor, and
said that one plank had been omitted by
the committee, and that was the adoption
of an anti-funding bill resolution. He
presented a strong one, which was adopted
without a dissenting vote amid rousing
cheers.
Later on, when the question of indors
ing Marion de Vries for Congress arose,
W. M. Gibson made a stirring speech, in
which he roasted Congressman Grove L.
Johnson unmercifully, claiming that he
was the tool of Huntingdon, and that his
attitude on the funding bill, and all other
matters where the I'acific roads were con
cerned, bad made him obnoxious to the
voters of this district.
&The following delegates to the State Con
vention were elected: First Ward, Mike
Brisco, W. L. Brennan; Second Ward,
John D. Galland, Frank H. Gould; Third
Ward, W. R. Jacobs, M. McCann; Fourth
Ward, J. N. Woods, Colonel J. J. Nnnan;
Third Supervisorial District, W. H. Walk
er, John A. Swain ; Fourth Supervisorial
District, W. B. Rainey, C. H. Gordon;
Fifth, Supervisorial District, C. Ludwig, J.
W. Graves. Delegates-at-Large— George H.
Fox of Lodi, Marion de Vries, Franfc D.
Nicol and W. M. Gibson, of Stockton;
General J. A. Shepherd of Lathrop.
SONOMA DEMOCRATS.
Free Silver Indorsed at the Sebastopol
Convention.
SEBASTOPOL, Cal., June a— The Dem
ocratic County Convention met to-day to
elect delegates to the State Convention at
Sacramento on June 16. J. S. Sanders of
Sebastopol was unanimously chosen chair
man and B. W. Ravencroft of Petal uma
secretary.
The following delegates were elected:
First District, Robert Howe, Fred Duhur
ing, J. O'Hara; Second District, J. S. San
ders, D. W. Rosenstock, E. E. Dref ; Third
District, T. J. Geary, VViliiam Ringmore,
Andy Markhani; Fourth District, H. F.
Dormer, J. McMinn, L. Kauffman: Fifth
District, J. E. Smith, J. O'Gray, H. W.
Ungewetteo.
The platform declared for free and un
limited coinage ol silver at the ratio of
16 to 1.
Jvin.* the Silver Throng.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 6.— The Los
Angeles Daily Herald, the only Demo
cratic morning newspaper in Southern
California, will, in double-leaded editorial
to-morrow morning, announce its readi
ness to faithfully abide by the majority
position of its party upon the money quea
tion. which it now concedes it friendly to
silver. This is a significant move on the
part of the Herald, in view of the fact that
it has heretofore been a steadfast sup
porter of tbe single gold standard.
Solano County FrUnaries.
VALLEJO, Cal., June s.— The Demo
cratic primaries to-day were hotly con
tested. The successful candidate* for del-,
egates to the State Convention from the
First Supervisoral District were C. D. Mc-
Cauley and Daniel Wynne. The fight in
the Second District was bitter, John Min
ihan and James C. Howard being the suc
cessful. All four are believed to favor
Foote for National delegate and Warren
B. English for Congress.
lulare County Delegates.
VISALIA, Cal, June 6.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee met this
afternoon and confirmed the election of
the following delegates to the c tate and
Congressional conventions, chosen at the
mass-meetings held two. weeks ago: J. F.
Boiler, A. M. Lumley, F. L. Alford, C. L.
Russell, W. H. Alford, G. A. Parker, R.
J. Kine, W. P. Boone, J. W. Martin, M.
M. Dale.
Bannock Democrats Meet.
POCATELLO, Idaho, June 6.— The
Democratic convention for Bannock
County was held at AlcCammon to-day
and the following delegates to tfaa Bfau»
Convention, in this city on June 16, were
elected: George Wakely, William Ches
ter, John Gouch, James Cusic, H. V.
Platt. A free-silver platform was adopted
unanimously.
Free Coinage Wins at Bollister.
HOLLISTER, Cal., June 6.— At the
Democratic County Convention to-day
M. G. Dooling, J. L. Hudner, Gaston M.
Asher, William Palm tag and P. E. G.
Auzar were elected delegates to the State
Convention. The convention declared for
free and unlimited coinage of American
silver.
A'opa County Democrats.
NAPA, Caw June 6.— The Napa County
Democratic Convention to-day named as
delegates to the State Convention Henry
Hogan, B. S. Wilkins, C. W. Armstrong,
J. G. Johnson, John Even, A. J. Kaney,
E. A. Rety and H. H. Harris.
The r is alia Trial.
VIBALIA. Cal., June 6.— A jury has
finally been secured to try Si Lovren for
complicity in the attempted train robbery
at Tagus on the night of March 18.
This afternoon the eleventh juror was
accented. He is Frank T. Elam, a con
stable at Dinuba. The twelfth, M. H.
Lovelace, a rancher living near the same
town, was accepted at to-night's session
of the court. The jury is in charge of
Klizor John G. Knox. Court took a recess
nntil 10 o'clock Monday morning.
Drowned at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 6.— E. T. Clapp,
a traveling salesman, while rowing across
Lats Washington last night, was caught
in a gale, and drowned. He was 30 years
old and has a brother connected witli the
Hotel Waldorf in New York City.
There are thirty palaces belonging to the
imperial family in various parts of Japan,
but the present Emperor has never oc
cupied more than three or four of them,
and some of them he has never seen.
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happiness of
life until after you have suffered and
have been cured of nervouanes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretful, fitful creature-
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the Dlace to eet Mi. McKenrie's
nerve treatment. Call or write.
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsaparilla 65c
Paine s Compound 60c
Munyon'a 16c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.
Mall Orders Promptly Attneded To gUTAH DEMOCRATS
STAND BY SILVER,
Six National Delegates Are
Pledged to Free
Coinage.
THE PARAMOUNT ISSUE
A Mormon's Political Loyalty
Rewarded and a Weakling
Is Rebuked.
CHURCH AND STATE DIVORCED
Adoption of a Resolution Declaring
Against Sect Interference
in Politics.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, June 6.-The
Democratic State Convention met in this
city to-day for the purpose of electing dele
gates to the Democratic National Conven
tion. Judge Bowers, chairman of the
State Committee, called the meeting to or
der and Colonel A. C. Ellis was named as
temporary chairman. The colonel made
a lengthy address, principally devoted to
the advocacy of the free coinage of silver.
Committees were then appointed and a
recess taken until 2:30 p. m.
At the afternoon session Hon. David
Evans was selected as permanent .chair
man. Besides the election of delegates
two mutters of great interest came up for
consideration — the question of church in
terference in politics and the money ques
tion. The first was disposed of by the
adoption of the resolution passed at what
is known as the reconvened convention of
last fall, providing for an absolute and un
qualified divorcement of church and state,
and the second by a declaration for the
free coinage of silver and instructions to
the delegates to the National Convention
to vote as a unit in favor of its adoption.
Both were embodied in the following res
olution, which was practically unani
mously adopted and with little discussion :
The Democratic party of Ctah, in conven
tion assembled, reposing its trust in the hon
esty, intelligence, independence and patriot
ism of the people, and standing upon the grest
essential principles of justice and liberty upon
which our institutions are founded— whiie re
affirming its devotion to these principles as
declared from time to time in the party plat
forms, and especially those principles an
nounced by the Democrats of Utah in the re
convened convention of 1895 — now believing
that the restoration of the money of the con
stitution is of paramount importance, declares
in favor of the immediate restoration of the
free and unlimited coinage of gold and silver
at the present legal ratio of 16 to 1, as such
coinage existed prior to 1873, regardless of
the action or policy of other nations, gold and
silver coin to be a full legal tender for all
debts, public and private.
Ana the delegates selected by this conven
tion to the National .Democratic Convention
are instructed to vot« as a unit in favor of the
adoption of the foregoing principle by that
convention ana £or the nomination of candi
dates for President and Vice-President known
to be sincerely and steadfastly in favor of car
ryins the principles into operation.
The delegates chosen were Hon. Moses
Thatcher, Hon. R. C. Chambers, Hon. O.
W. Powers, S. R. Thurman, ex-Congress
man J. L. Rawlins and David Evans.
The first named is the Mormon apostle
who was suspended because of his opposi
tion to the church interfering in political
affairs. In his case the rules of the con
vention were suspended and he was nomi
nated by acclamation, and was author
ized, in case the state of his health would
not permit of his going to the convention,
to name his alternate.
B. H. Roberts, the other Mormon church
official who opposed the church last fall,
but afterward apologized and took ifeall
back, was put in nomination for election
as a delegate, but he was defeated.
SANTA ROSA'S NEW FLOWERS.
Remarkable Creations of Luther Burbank,
the Botanical Wizard of Sonoma
County.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 6.— \V. A.
Burpee, a seedsman of Philadelphia, was
here to-day to procure some of Luther
Burbank's new creations in fruits and
flowers. He visited the famous experi
mental grounds of Mr. Burbank, and was
greatly astonished at some of the produc
tions ot "The Wizard." Burpee secured
two of his latest creations, a new poppy
and a golden mayberry.
The former is unique. It resembles the
Papaya Ambrosum, but instead of having
the lining of crimson, with dark blotc.es
near the base of the petals, as has the com
mon variety, the new flower is lined with
pure silver, the crimson and black show
ing faintly through. The flower will be
named the "Silver Lining."
The giant mayberry is evolved from
wild iruit, the seeds of which came from
Japan. The berry resembles the raspberry
in shape, though several times as large.
It has a rich, gold color. The flavor is an
illusive one and cannot be described ex
cept by saying that it is superlatively de
licious. Burpee has named his purchase
the "Burbank."
Both these varieties will be propagated
and exhibited by Burpee at the next exhi
bition of tbe Royal Horticultural Society
of London and the Societe National de
Horticulture at Paris. Burpee is a mem
ber of both societies and expects to receive
an award of merit for each of these pro
ductions, as ne did last year for his dwarf
pea, Cupid. This plant is only five inches
high and oas snow white flowers. It is
now extensively grown in California.
SALEM CHINESE DEPORTED.
Penitentiary Convicts Sent to ' China
After Serving Their Terms. ,
PORTLAND, Ob., June There is con
ster nation among the Chinese convicts in
the Oregon State Penitentiary. A release
alter serving a term of imprisonment no
longer means the returning of the high
binder to his haunts; on the contrary, de
portation to China awaits him.
There are at present confined in the
Salem penitentiary fifteen Chinese con
victs. On these Special Treasury Agent
Cnllum, United States Marshal Graayand
District Attorney Murphy have kept a
watchful eye. To-day Ah Sam Foo, sen
tenced by Judge Steams in July, 1892, to
five years' imprisonment for the larceny of
diamonds valued at $1200 from his em
ployer, finished sentence. Awaiting him
in "the Warden's office the Chinaman
iound Deputy Marshal Humphrey. Ah
Foo Out stepped from one confinement to
another, for he will occupy a cell in the
county jail until his transportation to
China.
This action of the authorities is based
upon the amendment of November 3, 1893,
to the Chinese registration law of 1888,
which amendment called for the deporta
tion of all Chinese having served terras of
imprisonment for felonies committed in
this country. It is possible that a further
amendment to the law will be made, call
ing for the deportation of all Chinese sen
tenced to life imprisonment in this
country.
COLUMBIA NEVER STRIFE.
Fishermen Fired Upon by Per*on» in
Atnbuth on the Shore.
ASTORIA, Or., June6.— Furtuer trouble
is anticipated at points up the Columbia
River, two dispatches requesting protec
tion having been received from Clifton by
Sheriff Hare. The nrst of these came from
J. W. and V. Cook and stated that Sam
Brown, while on the river fishing, had
been fired upon by persons in ambush on
the shore. Several bullets struck the boat,
but the occupants escaped unhurt. A
number of fishermen near Clifton desired
protection from the Sheriff.
The second dispatch was sent by a fish
erman named Mario Sverdrup, who stated
that he also had been fired upon from the
snore and desired protection. The Sheriff
will start up the river to-morrow morning
for the scene of the trouble, accompanied
by a posse.
The prolonged struggle between the fish
ermen and cannerymen is working great
hardships on residents &long tbe Colum
bia who look to fishing for the support of
their families. These men are not con
nected with the Fishermen's Union and
have no grievances, except that they can
not go out on the river without risking
their lives.
HOOVER AUGMENTATION SUITS.
Four Hundred Defendants File a Con-
test at Santa Crux.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 6.— Four hun
dred defendants in the suit of M. Eliza
beth Peck for the recovery of the lands of
the Soquel Augmentation filed their con
test yesterday in the Superior Court, ask
ing that the court refuse to grant to Mrs.
Peck letters of administration upon the
estate of Martina Castro Depeaux, from
whom these defendants claim to have se
cured deeds to their holdings, either
directly or through the F. A. Hihn Com
pany. This company filed a similar con
test on June 1.
The 4CH) defendants declare Mrs. Peck is
incompetent to act, and at the time of
Martina Castro Depeaux's death she had
no title or interest in any of the 40,000
acres in these ranches, upon which the
towns of Soquel and Capitola are built and
large portions of which are occupied by
owners of large and small ranches.
SAN JOSE VOTERS ERRED.
£ay Wins His Contest Against
Prindle for a Seat in the
Council.
The Court Throws Out Many Ballots
Which Had Been Improperly
Marked.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 6.— Tbe recount
of tbe ballots in tbe election contest of J.
P. Fay (R.) a«ainst Homer Priudle (Ind.)
for a seat in the City Council from the
Second Ward was resumed this morning
before Judges Lorigan and Reynolds of
the Superior Court, sitting in bank. The
votes of precincts 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 were
counted and resulted as follows: Prindle
390, Fay 376, Prindle's majority being 16.
Fay's attorneys objected to twenty-one
of Princtle's votes being counted on ac
count of being marked wrongly, and the
latter's attorneys objected to sixteen of
Fay's ballots on tbe same score. This left
Fay and Prindle a tie with 369 votes.
These ballots were submitted to tne court,
who threw out eighteen of the Prindle bal
lots and sixteen of Fay's, thus giving Fay
the seat in the council by two majority.
The vote now stands Fay 379, Prindle 377.
The canvass of the precincts resulted in
the following changes: Fifth Precinct —
Fay, from 37 to 35; Prindle, 28 to 23.
Sixth— Fay, from 92 to 90; Prindle, from
118 to 110. Seventh— Fay, 52 to 51;, Prin
dle, 55 to 54. Eighth— Fay, 86 to 85; Prin
dle, no change. Ninth — Fay, 114 to 113;
Prindle, 106 to 100.
TIMED OF DOMESTIC STRIFE.
Mrs. Bollinger of Campbells Attempts to
Commit Suicide.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 6.— Mrs. Mose
Bollinger attempted suicide at Campbells
last night by taking a large dose of ether.
About six months ago she married Bollin
ger, but after two months she left her hus
band and returned to her parents' home
in this city.
Mrs. Bollinger returned to her husband's
home near Campbells last evening and
there took ether. She was discovered
shortly afterward and removed to the
County Hospital. .She will recover.
ACQUITTED AT MODESTO.
Th* Shooting of hx- Editor Han.icom by
Lawyer stonesifer Declared Justifiable.
MODESTO, Cal., June 6.— Attorney C.
A. Stonesifer, who in September, 1895, shot
S. L. Hanscom, ex -editor of the Modesto
Herald, in the shoulder with a load of
buckshot, was this afternoon acquitted on
the ground that the shooting was justifi
able. Hanscom, while editor of the
Herald, made many enemies here, among
them Stonesifer. The two met while
driving in opposite directions on a busi
ness street, and Stonesifer fired.
T'kiah High School Graduates.
UKIAH, Cal., June 6.— The commence
ment exercises of the Ukiah High School
were held thia evening at Marks' Opera
bouse. The class consisted of nine young
ladies and two gentlemen, as follows:
Misses Elma Williams, Lillie Barnett,
Ella Hollingsworth, Ethel Page, Florence
Handy, Luella Williams, Delia Cum
mings, Gussie Elder, Grace Johnson;
Messrs. Willard Weslar and Ernest M.
Fine. An interesting programme con
sisting of music, essays, the class history
and the class prophecy was rendered.
Horace Willson's Will.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 6.— The will of
Horace Willson, who died at Gilroy on
June 1, 1896, was filed for probate to-day
by the deceased's widow, Eunice Willson.
The estate is valued at $45,000, and is be
queathed to the widow and six children.
The real property consists of a cattle ran^e
of 11,000 aCres near Gilroy valued at $25,
--000, and 42 acres of land near the same
place valued at $5000. The rest of the es
tate consists of personal property, among
which arc $5000 wortu of stock of the Bank
of Gilroy.
Colusa's Maid of Honor.
COLUSA, Cal., June 6.— Miss Rae
Green, youngest daughter of United States
Surveyor-General W. S. Green, has been
appointed to represent the county of
Colusa at the Monterey celebration on
July 7. The Board of Supervisors made
the appointment. The young lady is 19
years of ai?e, and was educated at Notre
Dame College, San Francisco.
Fatal Accident at T>eele*.
SAN BERNARDINO. Cau, June 6.—
William Wulf, an employe of the South
ern PaciDCj was killed at Declez this even
ing by the failinjr of a derrick at the
quarry. A blast was touched oft, and in
some way a guy rope of the derrick was
loosened and the ponderous frame work
IVJi on Wulf, crushing his head and |
breast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
NEW TO-DAT.
!f^SSl.f Siii^^^^^^^W^^ll \Mfl Visit the Oriental Bazars before leaving the building. jf Men's All-Wool Suits,
ff^SWP llfillf I RJTV#^^4iNtl Im I Three flags on the roof means a Grand Concert that night by R $8.45.
f^P^^n^^^SSsSiEi^W- \» I <^SfK>^^^ Wl ihe Emporiwn Orchestra. ' M O ur sale of 510 and $11 Suits at
li iBSK IwlFfi^SS^^^^^^Hliß^ 3?PrirfPln *> I • J this p rice |ast vveek was so success *
VB H P f / lllPP^f^^f^ MM 4^JTr^ 9~ ' SAN FRANCISCO, June 7, 1896. i ful that we are induced to continue it
U BWr.*V.PtfP • frS hA k ' r WrMm&F\nVfi& * R for three days, commencing Monday,
?f J*HlL ".:**♦ il. 'j ' I l ]' ' I i! -V ll %jß ; st'-i' !' Ii iM IT* • kl OX *S at BA. M., when we will offer 500
#~'#raJJ^M%i^ Pnrp^ #i^ Npvpr Kptorp B Men ,' s suits in ««>•*' .«?«»• bi v e -
I .. . r.By--ir.^.-4jg.t r i^ri.^w. r<>H.>Wc«i ,j I I |V-»^^^ U^ ll^TV'l WvlV/l V m black and brown Cheviots— regular
1 '■ 'I. 8 ' . . jn $12.50 grades— are strictly all
o •1 o 1 ti • i« i- T l  i- „ To-morrow begins a week of bargain-giving such as San « wool— guaranteed to fit— the patterns
. Special Sale- The entire corner q Muslin Jerwear CoSt ' Francisco has never known. The world's grandest store will jf and colorings new and made in single
Black DreSS wind O w g to t±e I°e7t I Underwear S ea Children's demonstrate its ability to save its patrons' money. Our fifteen Aor douWe toasted Sack Suits, as per
Goods. of the main en- g| Department. Wear Department acres of floor space will be thronged with eager buyers to get — cl
1 trance is filled to- at r on second floor, „ , _ - , , ' V-'a" ) r\ *• a• * / vi / — \ • /-—
day with a choice array of Black I just above the Ladies' Parlor, has, Tapestry Brussels Carpet at 49c yard. $1.2 Outing Shirts for 95c. W I^^ L-X,
ff Goods. More black goods in that g so -\ far, been thronged with eager. $6 Black Dress Patterns for $3.48. $10 Jackets for $4.99. Q w/ (R2 ■
§ window than is comprised in the en- W buyers-It promises to be one of the £Men's $12.50 <AU-Wool Suits for $8.45. . Oak Tables for 63c. H \J Vjf /
19 tire stocks of an ordinary dry-goods % most popular departments in the EM- \~..n2m* n*<**rt Pint** iRr \tprLino <\ib-pr RLmw <rt<; oar « ywSw- JiV
g house, but the EMPORIUM is not fl ' PORIUM-It's prices and qualities 35 C China Dessert Flates, 18c. Sterling filter mouse bets, 2OC. .|1 nITA/iFV\
m an ordinary store. We call especial M like these that draw the crowds. kMl\ A TUAIICAItin ATHFPQ II I vr (1 V Y^'l \
A attention to the magnitude of stock 11. ,J . , ~ r~rr .- ... , ANITA inUUoANU UlnLltO. W / ,CpL.\ ff^o\ \
%of black, dress goods, to the variety f& Ladl " Cambric, and Nainsook . — ; m^.^~~^ S. / K\ W
Wof weaves-all from the best makers M Gowns, trimmed with open- Qn^ri^lc . l^rkpf Sn^riak ' f ■/ * F" /■ • - )
\of Europe and America. All war- I work embroidery or ace- 4 tape specials. Jacket Specials. -a /D > //1 _/
fl ranted pure, fast black dye. No 89 values that cannot be duplicated, •At 4 95 — Velvet s^ At $4.99-Fine Ker- 1 >-A ;^^- - 1 * »C^
al woman is without a black dress nowa- W 89c, 9»c, 51. 19, 51.23. *$» Capes— silk lined— *0 sey Jackets— Tan % I— A v% I V
|l days, and we expect to furnish the & Ladies' Empire Muslin Gowns, em- f£jB • jet and ribbon trim- s£s&f or — box ; front— 2ji rj /r \ I X
% greater portion of the black dresses W broidery trimmed— not skimped cfofsL mcd— all sizes. ,£**( fancy back — big ra W V — *-• \
W worn in this part of California. It's jf for material, 59c and 79c. X^V7T\\\^ss. *. — wi ■~^jL=^ sleeves— pearl but- Ml / A
ffl prices and goods like these that will § Empire and Marguerette Gowns, in {/ I n\V^ At * 6 -2?~ hln V a /?^^^^\tons— all sizes. g I / « /\
fl give us selling supremacy. .. g fine Cambrics and Nainsooks-a £J J^V^^ Y ap f — lined r^lM'\\t ■ ; ;-— I i<rhr fit I I \\
1 P :: 8 :: % I :: I mos^S? **SSSateSE -- ---^ ta **- f W
I S6 9 A " I " in " «■ ff At 38c Each-Good Muslin Skirts, fancy silk ' lining-ribbon ruche. At Sio-Light Tan Kersey Jackets- 1 ,■ *«*»
ISi■ " I -,„ 50 '« « 8 regular width-trimmed with At $1.25— A11-Wool Cloth Capes- ; silk-lined throughout - ripple g c . «£5 «n*  c^u
» "5. 9<y « 7. << - 50 « « f\ * cluster of tucks. double full ripple— finished with back— sleeves and finished .9R Men's Fine Dress Pants— Scotch
i V' 3 * « 7 "%"" I At 48c Each-Fine Muslin Skirt- 5 rows of Mohair braid— all sizes. with small pearl buttons. | Cheviots and Worsteds— 10 of
I $'3 95 " 7 " 44 " " I A full width-trimmed, with tucks At $r. 9 8-AH-Wool Cloth Capes- At , 9 . 50 _ Th c bargain of the season I tom^n^S md SSedS ■
I Above prices about halj "real value. I and Cambric ruffles. . . ton blue or black— cutfull circles in J Rea d y . to .W Dresses- f from in stripes ana checks.
I r j in At 98 a c n _La Loie Fuller Skirts— • and Cape scalloped and emDroi mixed an Cheviot— Blazer H " $1.35 a Suit.
1 ,r>... tu J ~7 , . L 8 Cambric or Muslin, trimmed deredalla round. ■ style— skirts with rustling f Children's* fine quality Duck Wash
X Silks. *ne best productions of the W with open-work embroidery— At $2. 10— A11- Wool Cloth Capes— lining — Blazers lined throughout M Suits— plain white or stripes —
|x silk loom— inferior grades JJ other grades $1.23 to $6.98. tan, blue or black— — with silk— big sleeves— finished © large sailor collars— sizes 3to 10
m find shelf room in the EMPORIUM. » _ fancy collars ■ trimmed with 2 with small pearl buttons— all m years— worth $2
M Those we offer are leaders in their w Muslin Drawers. * rows of gilt — small gold sizes. 'y. r PS
g grades, and the selling prices this ft At 24c Each— A good • quality of La- buttons-all sizes. c-ir v/ a vTc >Li 1 $3-95 * Suit.
» week art marvelously low. SJ dies' Muslin Drawers— plain hen At $5.99— Fine All-Wool Cloth NIK WaiSt special. M With extra pants and cap— Boys'
» At me aud ice a. yard % and cluster of tucks— other Capes— blue, tan or brown— 21 At $4.2s— Ladies' Silk Waist— Beau- , All-wool Cheviot Combination
$1 c - ru 1 at- a r I c-ii V? grades Muslin Drawers, more inches long— lined . with colored tifully printed warp Dresden §§ Suits— brown, gray and tan, my-
y l-ancy Checked Jarreta bilk, 20 /a elaborately trimmed and better silk— trimmed with 12 rows Sou- j Silk— lined throughout — extra 1 eluding an extra pair of pants
m inches \yide, small and large checks, n material, 29c, 33c, up to 98c. tache braid. full Bishop sleeve— all sizes. M and one cap— ages 4to 14 years
* two real good qualities. |J ' '"' * ■. ■ . • - ® —would be an exceptional value
ff ' ' At 4 8c, 75 c and 8 9 c a yard. J G^^S^^fe «^^^^i^S23@^S«^S^^D^^^fe?^^^^^S3^^'^S^^^^^S3@^Q fec g S^^ | at $5-
1 2o^ncheswide, S C Sewi a st d com& I-'r. ; .Furniture-selling extraordinary this week. You've never seen the prices equaled in San I Special Manufacturers and
W tions of colorings, values up to $1.25 I Francisco. '. Sln Men's great inducements
§ ayard - I '*■':." r^s^^fc-,- 1 Furnishings, *° our buyers d r -
I At 45 c, 48c and 68c a j,ard. § _^. J^^^^\ ■ % f .. . ing the past week,
1 p An 11-l l -T St - end^ SS coII s ct j- on °I i f^^^^^X —-— I==—^ C \ \1 >. -T'"" 7 - lof which we have availed ourselves,
« An almost, endless collection of ffi fs^ffi^^i _— ». f,\ \i { sl- ~"~^ I and we believe we can make the com-
«l Fan fy bilks, in stripes and figured g \B^*m*s^ g Cfr^^r^^<s> //fIX^ X^IAV #*" ■ "»*>_- ■■^T^ir ffl ing week of surpassing interest to
I effects, 20 inches to 22 inches wide, « ffli" 1 ": '^ TTTrTru' rili/ "-■-' -- / ) f our customers. We state with
9 the C rice CC "^ **' W « PA"~«^^^\ L^ IV7 I dence that the values offered in this
U Monotone Jacquard Peau de Soi, in E |/flj^~ '^ZT • ~fi Uaj\ U n' ~ "-4 .- l|-<s — : — '; y^^^Mf^r^Mljf I Men's Outing Shirts, 95c,
y twenty-five different colorings, light » I' 'mGufi**dl!Sft n U a \\ Vm [F^^— i^ \V^ ' fWffffllffirfPlpl I M Unlaundried, in Cheviot and Madras
If and dark. No such value elsewhere W- IfiM iW^^MiMB // h '() W l\n Vi--"-" L_LL_J ; 'tes^tMiicliSKiilM' N Cloth, with two pockets, all
$in this city for $iloo a yard. J\ gljjp 4 »'TO£ k^^T^ ffl'ltJS-1 i ffilSP^^lfi/ I double stitched and felled seams.
I q^C^rie'^S^te.Md f |||ir!^i;k U •0 V l;s^iy; T" ~"^ I Men'sFancvShiri7.oc
(S designs, smooth and lustrous will £v • \ K~^^- -—^^~~}}Li '0 \\ ill' -^ ff -^ -^ V ' tj men s rancy onins, 50c.
I be one of our greatest trade winners. 1 s^^i«&2£^f32 ' 0 ■ jHI '■'• '.- § 1 * 1 th"
iS and dark. No such value elsewhere IS? I JM fflßwfPf Ml "~\ H \Mf) \\ ,\\l : I"' N ' ; ' ltr^Lil4a I *BHMtlk N Cloth, with two pockets, all
in this city for Juoo a yard. 1 1? I If"' ',,'„ ',%!lu' S^C^HtJ |M[t^- ji ..-), \ jmf fflf BSS B J\ double stitched and felled seams,
guard figures, the latest shades ami f BPlM^i^ih 1= I U V H-l^ 8 '*' —^t ' * Rm » c cu~T~
designs, smooth and lustrous-will I 2^|S-^%^t O \\ ffli I^^- * - V I f* 6 " m^J l^ «*. .
be one of our greatest trade winners, i U B|lW^ gg-l | Laun £^^ s S She? allfte
At 98c a yard. /» '•" l : irni a * <<f^iy $ leading designs, regular price 75c.
Twenty -inch Warp Chamelon W ■
W Taffetas, extra fine quality— m, * A Oft c _ cq fifl ci cc M Percale Dress Shirts, 51.35.
a to sell at 51.50 a yard, and would be Hfl U»1-.yU. D3C. .. . a>C3.OU. =. -;;,• <D^.O3. ffl Men's finest quality Percale Dress
5 considered a first-rate value at that This Lady's Desk, solid This Solid Oak Table, This Solid Oak Chif- . This Neat Library Book 2 " Shirts, the grade sold elsewhere
ffir price. • W oak, 2 feet 3 inches in width. top 18x18 inches. fonier with Bonnet Box. Case. Polished quarter- |$ at $1.50 and $1.75.
A frnrLort/ At , rr ...),_ "«i Handsome raised carvings. — "Same without glass $5.75. sawed oak, width 3 feet. -1 .
S\l V/rOCKery zee eacn-^,™ , , - -•■■■■"• • Brass rod*; for rnrtain<s s9) .. .  .
W nonprfmpnt Decorated & I -. • . " — . .. — " f , , Brass rods for curtains. . m Men's Underwear,
■S uepanment. and Saucers, Bo- & 1000 Bedroom Suits in every variety, wood, style and price. . . £ We offer to yon *w r^ nf th*
If hemian China, in Ovide and low f 300 Parlor Suits in Brocatelles, Tapestries, etc. , 2000 Fancy Chairs and Rockers. g New Brunswick Underwear in Vi-
\ shapes, 4 decorations, a leader for Si . ■■-■■■ % N orunswicK unaerwear in vi
H Monda y« ' __ . 9**&3OSSd!&BSSBSS*«S^^ SlnVie^oSSSattiieSriaVare
I At^,T^te iC Ju^ a Sved" I WePaint YourNeW-The' lowest Carpet |lSSw| Umbrella •'' B I^l°^%!^^- *-'% each
1 On sale as aSr- I Houses outside, Handkerchiefs, Carpets " prlces yO !I W|U getth > Sterling Plants I Extra Fine Qua^ Balbr , gan Un .
I \+ m J_ na3sC * I wh i t e or calci- Some of the Are Here, asked for unti the Silver MONDAY 250 g denvear, in gray, blue and natural
fAt $2.90 per set-Fine Chocolate set f mine your walls, ! „?<?££■ of tSs Carpet is laid to your R| ouse S ets . 2 P° £° tso f Vu" 1 : IS color, finished seams, pearl buttons,
§ of fine Bohemian China, con- I fresco your ceil- 1 £™ in nLSn satisfaction -We DIOUSe Csei!», brella Plants that «J silk finished, real value 75c,
Hf sisting of Chocolate Pot knd 6 A ngs, paper your ! Ss F n ir, bought months ago, 20c. cannot be bought | Our speciaf price -- - 45c each
tt Cups and Saucers-tinted and i rooms. P widehemsSch Js „ a" early Lt dj elsewhere under M
a. traced gold, 6 decorations-must ■»■ — wide hemstitch. Jfa opening of the EM- to seJect from. 6 50c. __ jj Men's Australian Wool Under-
&l be seen to be appreciated. This W Chinese Bazaar ! Rai ..^ c . *.' *rry i ?K/V JK f lnCe .j- 1 — • Piano W wear, in medium weight, nice assort-
|f is a very special price. ft n^ial sale on arber " Sh <>P« *?r-jAf aa then there . has been Ladies' ;.w ■:-• JT lant \ 4 I ment of colors, bought to sell at $1.00,
C ' m •' »« opeaai saie aon Finest' in city gv >#! ' — V lk a steady increase in w«trh#»« *12 Department. M Snecial orice - - - - - 7<;c each
f At 18c each Bo- | Mo , nd^' J UeS day 10 barbers Si manufacturers' ' ; Wa i C „ JVj J 2 ' dtmr9 % Special price ?$ each
9 . k hemian China Dcs- f and Wednesday. first class,' no prices- You get the WaiJ^morElein MX i Men's Close-fitting Balbriggan-
Si /^Li^sv Plate handsome I- Fi e x ra c „ waiting. Shaving -s?-- advantages accruing ■: V ™ g - //X^-% Shirts and Drawers, finished seams,
t K/^k gold border and .A \ZuImL St««H ! sc, ' Hair-cuttinl • from our early buy- G ™X d five «4? YD 1 pearl buttons, etc.-the genuine 75c
I M W ter, festoon edge in ■ 1 Umbrella Stand 25c : & - , ing before the rise uara "5 five |ja^^» * quality,
/& Uf . J V' design like picture. .^ Handsomely j ..— .... commenced. ypf^ i b^ £ Our special price -• - 45c each
if >X-y£y p^rifM* e ftl arved^ peC ial i Shoe Specials. . —^ .. Men's Watches, I TSKhFT B
I a ? n^ t 1U b M SI £ r 3 ™£ 0 Drice L «d^ Oxford Extra Tapestry ' Brussels-regular $12. ! J-B'Y l I Men's Combed Egyptian Balbriggan
W catednthecit^ 9• ! ! 5 a g ? Ties, $1.25. / 75c kind-not an old pattern in Gold filled. \ W^M i laSv^fat Si \< fTllSn?' " 8 "'
a me uiy. \s  s«i.>w. . the entire collection— ours is a Waltham or Elein ' : 3^» Q '^ & lany sola at ji.25 a garment,
Hf At 90c each— Fine Bohemian China I : rhinese /^ brand new stock, remember— movements. The Emporium M . Our special pnce__- - ' 95C eacn
1 Cracker Jar, full size, 6 decor- i i^tZ^u^ A^^ ' ; this excellent Tapestry Brussels Guaranteed five carries ■a . large | Rnvs' Camel Hair Shirts and Draw-
-1 ations, tlntedandtraced gold. | «« b jf™' think : (\^ , sewed and !aid_on.y 49 c a yard. years. stock of VloHns, : | ers Bo n s S^to^S^M^
,/ Dinner you are looking about $ for the summer >>*C>\. Extra Heavy Agra Ingrain-made to I 7^elry Depart- tars, Banjos, etc.; H and until this lot is sold at 25c each.
Q W«r«* ■■•■ for a set . °.-i Table C" 1113 ft outing, 5C . . - >w f>s. wear— and style the best ment,. main floor Music Boxes and H -' .■;■ .■ k
f yyaie. W e would like to call your f Br^HTavs ever shown in this class of Car- left of Rotunda. Sheet Music, I Gas Fixtures, A large and com-
-1 attention to our New Shape White ft Bread Trays. ' ' pet-the- new Empire designs- v ... Strings, Trim- f M««tJi«T Ftr pletely equipped
Xl Bohemian China Dinner Set. A full Si A large assort- 300 pairs of the elsewhere ooc— we say laid and Kodaks and mings, etc., at m MantelS, LtC. department, car-
M set for 12 . persons, exquisite shape. ■ C ment at sc. • Real ; $2.00 Russet Vici .. lined 65c a yard. Photographic prices • 1-3 lower m rying all styles Gas and Electric Fix-
V An equal in -quality to any French M worth 10c. ; , Kid Ties, turned < ___ Sunnlips* than : you have X tures, manufactured for the EMPO-
(B China inthe market. As a leader- ■■» ■.•■■■,. — . soles.. On sale Genuine Rova i Velvet— or A full line tn . been accustomed IK . RIUM here in San Francisco, em-
W ■ $19 per set. ; Si Silk .. , Monday at BA. M. torder-a revelation in IV* 5] to paying. | ploying a large number of skilled
I Crockery Department, second floor, ft : Handkerchiefs, j All sizes. ; j b^S£lStoringS-none£Sr^ uta?EMPOßffifß I ~ • 2 panics and the local . expenditure
I Jessie-street side. I 15c. 4 J nd the , price -.g-. only what you ptfees See us Merchant £or thousands of dollars which form-
-1 Mantel'- AtH^feach- These | Wouldbeabar- \ Men's Calf have : beeS; asked , for cheap L- Eefore; buying Tailoring; B erly went to eastern manufacturers.
I Mantel At $2.60 each -These § gain at_2sc. :  .  Shoes> . 50> quettes-we say 99c a yard. : your summer ; out : Department.- J Assortment calculated to please any
I rWLI handsome Carve d Oak J gamuts Shoes, $2.50. quettes-we say 99c a yard. your summer out- Department. | taste. Prices lower than the lowest
I : UOCkS. Mantel Clocks fine 8-day » Blue and White . .... „ tforcVs Finest Axmin- ahlv w? P v«£ First-class work % you have yet known.
■»- .=, pendulum move- .-SI r..« c an ,\ ' S\_^ Smith & Harttord s-hinestAxmin- . ably save you on i v - Finest im- 8* ■ «, ~ —
8 cr^^S.m ment - made in 1 ~ UpS a in P^ -■ ster-not • remnants-not spoiled money. oorted suitlnTs B Opal Gas Globes, 14c each.
9 ■^Sffi' America. They are I Saucers, lOc. .^^ • lengths— not passe, patterns-but RJrvr| — and cloths for I Special Sale Monday only.
m 15 inches high, §' Worth 20c. fV^^ this season's newest and best— ;-. Bicycle ana cioins ior g a^- v nu a — ■# <
I S/®S 1? 1-2 inches wide ■Sf ,— ' -" k^<^ ' you have been taxed $1.50 for Riding School. Jh^^iWniJ 4f Artistic Chandeliers. $3.60.
I 11/ #1 dials «KS Wad! S, '-Silk. ' - >K2^ the same goods-we say $1.10 a Lar^t on the L nors aTk T.S I Cost you double elsewhere. '
9 : fficC^^l f 'gV, res ' -hour |j Embroidered -T~-*, : yard. .... ; .___ . coast- -14, 00 1 or — $30 HERE. 1 Wood Mantels; latest and most
m ?^-^n strike on cathedral 1 Fans, 15c. ;; , 500 pairs of . the .: „ ,• 5 r square feet— sth 1, .. — ■ § artistic designs, beveled French mir-
W ligVil gong. « Worth 25c. best $3.00 Men's Best Body Brussels, including Low- floor, Jessie-street Ladies )Z rors, rich enameled tiling, grate, etc.,
IE - L ■ .... — ••" . •••' — - » .-T-. • Calf Welted ells', Hartford, etc.— made and side. We guar- Hairdressing 1' complete, as low as ' 522.50.
SI • ffl Chinese ■/'Bazaar Shoes in the city. laid with heavy lining— else- antee Vto teach ktl Manicurino 83 <
■ Clock Department, second floor west, W. second floor front, Sale begins at 8 where $1.35— say $1.10 a riding without in- „""/-« '«"."." "^K Gas Fixture Department, rear of main
|f Jessie-street side. a-- ■■■' ■ ' W ti west side. - .'■■ IA. M. Monday. '[" yard. V . ' . jury. ' Parlors., ■ % floor, under offices. ■
56
MINISTER RESIDENT
TO GUATEMALA.
Consul ■ General Grimaldi
Promoted by the Italian
Government.
DR. PESCIA HONORED.
Some Expressions of Opinion
From the Local Italian
Colony.
A POPULAR APPOINTMENT.
A. Sbarboro Says That He Is the
Right Man in the Right
Place.
The Italian colony is in a happy
frame of mind just now. Events of
the last few days seem to have ush
ered in an era of good feeling as evi
denced by the grand banquet Wednesday
night in honor of the retiring Cnnaul-
General, Chevalier Francesco Bruni Grim
alrti, and the incoming of bis successor,
Dr. Joseph Pescia, as well as the expres
sions of satisfaction with the latter's ap
pointment. Minister Grimaldi, when seen
by a Call reporter, was busy with prepa
rations on the eve of his departure.
"I have been in the consulate about a
year and a half, and I have just received
the appointment as Minister Resident to
Guatemala. My sojourn here has been an
enjoyable one and I shall always retain
Dr. Joseph Peseta.
pleasant recollections of it." In answer
to a question regarding the new consul he
held up his hands in mock distress.
"There, I don't want to hear a word about
Dr. Pescia! Since I appointed him I have
been overwhelmed with congratulations
on it until I have what you Americans
call 'that tired feeling.' Seriously, how
ever, I will say that the doctor was ap
pointed on authorization of the Italian
Government with the knowledge that he
would well fulfill the difficult and honor
able duties of the position."
Consul-General Pescia is disposed to
bear hia honors modestly.
"It was all a surprise to me. One I
month ago I didn't know the Con- !
sul-General. When he rteciied to resign
heaDpointed me to fi!l the office till a suc
cessor should be appointed. I felt flattered, {
of course, at the compliment paid me, re- j
cognizing, as I do, that the position is a
responsible as well as an honorable one.
Wnile lam not especially versed in inter
national law I think I may safely say that
I have an intimate acquaintance with the
wants of the people whose interests have
been committed to my charge by the Ital
ian Government. 1 shall endeavor to ad
minster the duties of the office with the
lame care that I should devote to my pri- \
vate affairs, and it is my hope that my ad- j
ministration will be as satisfactory to the
Government as to my successor."
Joseph Calegaria, president of the Italian
Chamber of Commerce, a position second,
in importance to that ot the consulate,
speaking of the appointment, said:
"I am convinced it ia the best choice the
Consul-General could have made, tor
there is no better qualified man to per
form the duties of the position than Dr.
Pescia. He is a man of wealth and liber
ality, and the large emoluments of the
office will cut no figure with him.
Although of Italian birtli, he has resided
here since childhood, being a thorough
Californian. His ability and integrity are
recognized and are pretty familiar to the
public from his record as Supervisor. You
recollect that ■vvlinn he ran for Supervisor
his popularity was shown by his runuing
ahead of his ticket by a large majority.
He has on two occasions declined the
nomination of his party for Mayor, as
well as for the Legislature. It is the gen
eral wish tliat the doctor may retain his
present position for a long period."
"With Dr. Peseta at the Italian Consul
ate," said Cesare Crespi, editor of the
Messaicgiero, a Socialist and labor journal,
"we shall have a man thoroughly equipped
for the office an^ well calculated to render
valuable services to our colouy and govern
ment.
"The doctor has never taken sides in
local differences. He is popular with
people of all shades of opinion among us,
who respect him also for his independence
of character.
"The list of people whom he has helped
forward in life is a long one, for his purse
is ever open to the claims of benevolence.
But this is a subject," concluded the editor
laughingly, "tbat the doctor wouldn't
thank mo for dwelling on, much as I
might wish to."
Dr. Perrone coincided with the views
expressed by the others.
'"'Dr. Pescia well deserves the honor that
has been thrust on him. He is a broad
gauge man and admirably suited for the
position of Consul-General."
A. Sbarboro, the well-known secretary
of the Italian-Swiss Agricultural Colony
and prominent in financial circles, ex
pressed his approval of the appointment.
"Dr. Pescia is> a man of extraordinary
popularity with the members of the
Italian colon)'. He is liberal in bis ideas
respecting the opinions of otbers and
noted for his independence. He has the
knowledge, ability and time to attend to
the duties of the consulate and I believe
him to be the right man in the right
place."
TWO CLEVER THIEVES.
Theophile Vaissivie, Liquor - Dealer,
Robbed of a Steel Box Con
taining 866.
A smart trick was played by two men
upon Theophile Vaissivie, proprietor of a
liquor-store at 3121 Sixteenth street last
evening.
Shortly before 6 o'clock two men en
tered his store and one of them said he
wanted to rent one of the rooms upstairs.
Vaiseivie took him upstairs to show him
th« rooms, aud when they returned to the
store the other man had disappeared. The
man who wanted the room toid Vaissivie
that he would call again about it and hur
ried away.
Thinking that something was wrong
Vaissivie looked into his safe, which he
had left open, and found that a steel box
containins $00 was missing. He immedi
ately notified Captain Gillen at the Seven
teenth-street station ami cave the follow
ing descriptions of the men : No. 1, «bout
5 feet 8 inches, long nose, small light
mustache, about 22 years of age, well
dressed in light clothes and soft dark hat.
No. 2. stout build, about 5 feet 6 inches,
round, rough red face, mustache and
whiskers, deep hole in chin, wore dark
clothes, boft hiit, about 34 years of age.
A policeman had passed the store a
minute or two before the two men enterea
it, and they had evidently waited till he
bad gone out of sight.
POLICE COURT ACCOUNTS
The Grand Jury Will Ask Judges to
Keep a Record of All Flues
Imposed.
As a result of the delving of the Grand
Jury's expert into the accounts ot the
Police Courts a recommendation will be
made by the jury in its annual report that
the present method of keeping the finan
cial accounts be materially changed.
It was found that the Judges do not
keep a record of the amounts of the fines
they impose, and that snould the clerk be
inclined to be crooked he couid collect $20
as a fine when the Jud>;e imposed that
penalty, but only enter $10. 'lhe Judge,
not having a record of the fine in the case,
would probably fail to remember after a
few days the amount, and the clerk cquld
easily pocket the difference between the
real fine and the amount entered. The
Judges will be expected to keep a record
of every fine imposed that the same may
be compared with the clerk's accounts and
with the treasury.
WHY WOMAN SHOULD VOTE
By Her Healing Touch the Pool
of Politics May Be
Purified.
If Men Are as Bad as They Paint Them
selves They Are Not Good Enough
to Represent Women.
While at Stanford University, attending
the commencement evercises, I inquired
how it happened that the new Professor
Powers was invited to speak before the
Woman's Congress. I learned that the
secretary wrote Dr. Ross of the economics
department, asking him to recommend
some one. Dr. Ross thought it would be a
nice thing to give the new professor a
chance, so be asked him how he stood on
woman suffrage. "I have no objections to
it," said Professor Powers, and therefore
his name was sent to the secretary. The
public knows the result. The professor
learned one thing, at least, by his experi
ence. I asked Dr. Jordan how the profes
sor happened to stray i: to the Stanford
paddocks, where he seemed very much out
of place. "Well," he sail, with his quiz
zical smile, "all his life he has been teach
ing in 'down East' sectarian schools. He
must have time to become broadened and
enlightened in this free atmosphere."
"Then, for the credit of the university,
keei> him at home until the process
is completed," I replied. The president
lauphed and said he never tried to control
the opinions of any member of the faculty.
I wonder how many college presidents
could say as much?
I found Professor Griggs enduring with
as much philosophy as he could command
the position into which the newspapers
had forced him as the "Ideal Man."
"There is nothing to do but bear it in
silence the nine days till something new
catches the public fancy," he said. "I am
going to write to The Call," said Mrs.
Griercs, "and say that I have lived with
him seven years and found that ho is not
an ideal man." Several times nine days
have come and gone and the newspaper
parat;rapher is still having his small fun.
And to think that, with allthis fuss, Anna
Sbaw never said that "Professor Griggs is
her ideal man." All she said, after listen
ing to his magnificent lecture on "The
Modern Change in the Ideals of Woman
hood," was, "The man who thinks these
thoughts and lives this life is the man to
go with that Ideal woman." Only this,
and the newspapers have done all the rest.
Nothing seems to cause men so much
amusement as the thought that a woman
can find any "ideals" among them, and
nothing makes them dislike a man more
than to have him admired by women.
They experience no keener pleasure than
in discovering and pointing out the flaws
in such a man. I have thought many
times, during the present suffrage cam
paign, that if our women said one-half the
mean things about men that they say
about themselves, they would be justified
in refusing us anything we a*k. From
one end of the State to the other a chorus
of male editors and male contr butors beg
and implore us not to step down to the
level of men; not to soii our spotless robes
by coming in contact with them; not to
delude ourselves with the hope of ever
being able to reclaim men from tbeir low
estate, or to lift them up Irom the depths
into which they are plunged and appar
ently enjoying themselves. It does not
seem to cause these men any anxiety be
cause we come in contact with them every
day and on every possible occasion, in the
streets, on the ferries, at the market, in
the theater, the church, the drawing-room.
They do not heeitute even to ask us to as
sume the close relations of marriage, and
consider they have honored us by so
doing. It is only when we talk of coming
into politics, that, like the leper, they
gather their garments about them and cry
out, "Unclean, unclean."
There is just one of all the variea de
partments of life that men have tried to
conduct entirely by themselves, and that
is the department of politics. VVhat is the
result? It is in such a state that they are
positively afraid to let respectable women
enter it. Now, if political conditions
affected only the men themselves we might
be tempted to let them pay the penalty of
their own neglect and mismanagement,
but every evil in the body politic affects
directly the women, the chili ren, the
home, the whole social organization. We
are so thoroughly conscious of our own
strength and integrity that we cannot be
frightened by all the criminating things
men lay about themselves and their polit
ical domain. It will be remembered that
the iamous pool of Bible history had no
healing qualiti s until an angel stepped
down and touched the waters. It is about
time that the waters of the pool of politics
responded to a purifying touch. We de
cline to believe that men are as bad as
they paint themselves, but if they are one
haif as bad, then they certainly are not
good enough to represent women, and the
latter are iu3tih'ed in demanding that they
be allowed to represent themselves.
The masculine ouponents of equal suf
frage are not satisned with telling us what
vile creatures they are and warning us not
to come among them, but they paint us
such a picture of ourselves as would make
the old masters di couraged. The latter,
it will be remembered, were fond of de
picting their women sitting on the edee of
a cloud, with a halo around their heads
and a far-away expression oa tbeir faces
as if they never had spanked a baby or
cooked a meal o* victuals or sat up till
daylight waitin for a convivial husband
to come home. To read the flowery edi
torials and interviews one would suppose
all the women of California were crowned
with Mowers and sitting on pedestals with
harps in their hands, while one or more
adoring men sat at their feet ready to '
obey t eir slightest wish. Or, to put the
matter a little less poetically, one would
think every woman was queen of a hapny
iiouie, with u.iuHiiiul and devoted bus
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
NEW TO-DAT DRY GOODS. .,. . virr -^v, l >nr U uuu.
A Iti gfc j> <' Tfc Ch fc iH )» rfc » * >fcCThffcgTfcgfc|fcfc < > i|H <»B <1» <BQ-*T Tj^^j? "*^ "f" _** _^^^ J_ __^^^S^Z^S!^S- atP <■ ■» *TJ aifl <ff
*T_TrM ifc ■> iii ff i> O 1 > tf> w ff~~~ *V" r — n n in fj»i iftn m*, m* a» <i» <m nr n- n~- nrr tt tn ft o g^ lt m in mi rf> <# <b "i o <b—^o i 'w <g—^ct—^^-^^ -^^^—^^-^^■^—-^^■■^■a'^^a—^■■L^l^
S WE DO NOT SAY ANYTHING ft
J ABOUT THE acres OF FLOOR SPACE occupied BY OTHER stores AND the AMOUNT OF RENT THAT HAS TO BE paid FOR it. H
II a" — WE DO NOT SAY ANYTHING a £ ou i? , ?randeur of the fittings nor the elegance of the appointments, the enjoyment fc^ Iff
lit . ■ J£^^s WC *-'*-' _-INV^ 1 OnT /\IN I Jl.rillNv^ of which the public must pay for In the prices they ask for their wares, but — •
•If \A/P nO SAY ROASTFULI V ANin I OUDLY that no store In the city can, does nor will sell GOODS for as low .prices as we do. We have made our ■ ■
I f WE. U\J O/AI DwnO.irULLI /AINU L. V/ \J LS I- l reputation on the reasonableness of our prices, the aeasonablenes3 of our goods and the courteousness
II • ;.. .;''*■ of our employes. . f F
[••..••;. IT PAYS TO TRADE WITH TJS. flf
fyf = = If
w Great Sale of Capes. Silks and Dress Goods. v Ladies' Summer Costumes. Downstairs Departments. Notions andjmall Ware. |||
•ft Our entire stock of this sea- Here Is where we have made the If you want to see how coolly, comfort- Here are located the greatest e 7eVy day" button' t luy evtry flf
M - son's Foreign / and American greatest price reductions In the ably and stylishly we can outfit you for money-savers In the house. Pea- day at such prices unless you a •
™ Capes, divided into five sepa- house. _______ very few dollars come in to our SUIT pie who have traded at these count- come here.
(ft rate and distinct lots. They In- - " "•. DEPARTMENT to-morrow and look at ers know It; those who haven't Spool Cotton per dozen 24c ft
elude all the new effects In 750 Qualities of Dresden Novelty Silks, these items. should. . Hair Fins per package........... lc ■ •
I? f (Moth Silk Velvet and Lace, .^u'l 27 inches wide, new patterns. . 39c # ~- — ... Whalebone Casing per piece 5c 1 f
■ft Some more elegantly orna- |I '°V? fi! ties of Brocaded Dresden «. Tailor-Made Suits, $5 Each. New Wash Goods at sc. Safety Pins per paper ••■: .. *• •
| ££SF iif|SS|fi,,J iSa£Sr« £SSSS l§pS= 1
[ .• i ™°m' ••, •■V, '.....•• r; 11.60 Tailor- Made Suits «7 50 Each New Wash Goods at 7 l-2c. Mending Cotton, 2 dozen f0r.... 6c 1 i
W At $1.95 Each. W.OO Black Figured Taffetas, reduced . / Light and medium Bbadef in m.»d Among them .re new Summer Duck,, Velveteen Fkirt Binding per
1 -3j« %s -frngmmm »H3#PP SrcaH iiipllil :
t F Sid Z47iSbM2d $5 00 duced »° • * Ll ° Tailor-Made S,,Jf« ftm P a * New WaBh Goods at lOc< *1.25 Fountain Syringes, 3 quart. 75c
IM irlLl l Si? IZTS'k* *—* I •-n.lO r i v ?^ i ade Suits » WO Each. . Such desirable materials as Challies in |i.50 Imperial Hair Dyes.... *I.l2|ff
• • apiece. .■- _. 'I'J- mL ' ~~~ ■ Gray and brown m ' xed £ nd checked ii» t and dark grounds. Fancy Pluses, 50c Syrup of Fig 5........... 33c ™f
111 At $5.95 Each. The following seven lots of Fancy Dress Scotch Suitings; also smooth and rough Figured Linons in French patterns, White 25c size Witch Hazel 15c. fff
' Every Cape in the department that Goods include our entire stocK of this w £j_ bl 5™ S f rB ? 9 . taelatest Blazer and Colored Dimitis, La Belle Crepons. 25c Leading Pills ...12^0
Iff sold for $12.00, $10 and $8.50 season's newest styles that were marked rtg ßo^ o aP Jackets and full , flar !?,? Sheer Organdies, Scotch Zephyrs, Oxblood 50c Face Powders 28c t '
Li apiece? up to $2.00 a yard, . . Llk B and ? ha l%r, et3 •£" all i U i ea V th Percales for waists and blouses. American All leading Patent Medicines. Per- § .
F At $9 95 Each At 12 l-2c a Yard »"k8 and the Skirts with rustle Percahne. Sateens and new Pique and Duck Suitings. lnmeß . and Toilet Articles at lower
W Every Cape in 'the department that Our entire stock of Fancy Dres% Goods Duck Suits, $1.00 Each. New Wash Goods at 12 l-2c. prices than any place in town. • • >
tit ' sold for $16.50, $15.00 and $13.50 : that sold at 30c, 25c and 20c a yard. Light and medium colorings, stripes and Some of the loveliest hieh-arrade ma- IRKII PftllT tMRROMFRIFK I '
TTF apiece. At 25c a Yard. checks. Blazer Jackets with large sleeves terials. such as Fancy Organdies in white lltnM .rwiill. r.flDliVlll&ftlca. f
fff At $13 95 Each. Our entire stock of Fancy Dress Goods and full skirts. . and tinted grounds Dimities in Persian 8^c qualities, I*4 inches wide.... 5c • f
f At $13.95 Each. that sold at 45c 40c ana 35c a yard. ,'_, and Dresden figures, Lace striped Dimities 10c qualities, \% inches wide... 6.14 c I J
hi Every Cape in the department that ««um«i«e 1 4Uc ana 600 a yaru. Duck Suits, $2.00 Each. and Linons, Linen color Jaconets, Souffle I2>£c qualities. 2 inches wide. ... 7>ic J 1
••• sold for $25.00, $22.50, $20.00 and At 35c a Yard. Light and medium colorings striped ef- Crepons in elegant French designs and 15c qualities, 2% inches wide. ... B}^c ? f
A, $17.50 apiece. Our entire stock of Fancy Dress Goods fects. Small figures on black or blue many others. 18c qualities, 3 inches wide 10c , L
"• This sale is positively the greatest that sold at 650, 60c and 500 a yard. grounds and . plain colors. Box Coats or am , aa rlinnrtl^:« niAimmwo I
li, sacrifice .now goods ever made in At sOc a Yard. Blazer Jackets and full skirts. . WHITR fiOODS SWISS EMBROIDERY- PLOUCW6S. 4 I
jji gft£SS3&»?E "-jsmSSSE ?™ Gn ° ds lad.ES' « m % EagiSS;:: 8 1
•f stairs salesroom for the 6ale of last At 59c a Yard. Light and medium colored Ducks'..soc each 15c Dotted Swiss, all size dots 100 $1 00 dualities 45 inches wide.... Toe 7
I A season's styles and advertise them as Our entire stock of Fancy Dress Goods Gray, brown, tan or red Cloths 10c Standard Cambric Muslin ...... 5c H ' a — : 4 •
7 such at ridiculously low figures. that sold at $1.00 and 90c a yard. silk lined $1 50 each 15c Plain English Nainsook 10c ORIPKTIL MffiS — Wllitf and Bntf fir Ji
iU £ A t7scaYa-d. . Dark-colored Silks, fancy fibres. $2 50 each 15c White India Lin0n....,.>.r....: : . 10c iSch " 5d..".". lS" W
i I «„,« Our entire stock of Fancy Dress Goods All the above Vests are out in the most. 25c qualities, 5 inches wide...... 12^c 44
I IYUHIUni! JITV T ft CORSETS that sold at $1.25 and $1.15 a yard. approved and best fitting shape, with ||\R\\ Ulk I IYWi 35c qnalities, 6 W Inches wide.... 150 I
14 tlWfJlllE'Alli JlilW l/VlWl<ia. «owu»i,fi.»«uu»i.xui»i'« notched ravers. Some double-breasted LIHWS Mi) LLILIUi. 40c qualities, 8 inches wide . 200 I I
i Children's Gray Merino Under- Our entire At SI.OO a Yard. Goods and others single. _ 25c Turkey-red Damask 15c 50c qualities, 10 inches wide 25c ill
( % „),,.,. arif \ Drawers worth 39c Our entire stock $2.00, $1.75 and $1.50 a ladies' shirt waists. *£ crpani iTnhi* r>«mn<ilr IS spiigled ■ tbiuugs. ' ii-
JK SK^S^^JS* wd BOld at * 2 -°°' * L ' 7s and * Ls ° a i»Ky shirt waists. BKc^ T d a S£ a SS.- 8 k: ::::::::: %l spasgled trimmings. iii
ii Misses' Ecru. Bibbed Vests and 19c Th'eabove offering comnrises every im- 75c qualities, all styles 35c each 75c Bleached and -Cream Damask, 60 45c 20c qualities, all colors &IB
I Pants..... 19c The above offering coronnses every im- 'Jen na'ities. a "«yles 35c each inche3 : 45,, 250 qualities all c010r5........... 15c « I
if Ladies' Lisle Thread Vests, white aginable color and style of Imported and fOO Stanley ' W«st3 50c each $ i.oo Bleached Damask, 63-inch...... 69c 35c qualities all c010r5!....::.... - 20c 1
4 1 or ecru, regular value 50c, re- American Weaves. Il 50 NovSv vies $100 Ach *1.50 German and Irish Damasks..... 98c Corresponding reductions in better <"
i L Ladtr^u-siikVestsVioWiiecV, 250 ____ &XX ?,?!! l ;L isJ\- l\"£t k 18c All.LmenHuck Towels.... 10c qualities^ — -• .
f Ladies' Spun Silk Vests, low necV, ~ " $2 00 Imported Styles $125 each 25c All-Linen Huck Towels I 5o q — - ( f
ft pink, blue and black, regular LADIES' BELTS. our Shirt Waists are tdis season's 33c All-Linen Huck Towels... $ Two-button Chamois Gloves.... 75c "!
1 value $1.25, reduced to 6Dc :v. ;: u*viu» uuum, styles, made with full Bisuop sleeves. 25c Special Value Turkish Towels.... 19c Two-clasD Chamois Gloves 90c I
ie Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Woolen TJntarnishable Gold Belts. ... 20c each .. — . F *I.2oWched Napkins, % size 95c v^b^SonSSf^AGS^.: 75c if
iii Vests, low neck, regular value Gold Belts with miniature buck- ' NeW Style Handkerchiefs and Cuffs fl-50 Bleached Napkins, % size $1.13 Suede Mousquetaire Kid Gloves. 95c i i
••• $1.25. reduced to ? 750 les 35c each " c " oI J IO iiauunuuiins uuu iuuj. $1.70 Bit-ached Napkins, % size $1.44 Foster's Mousonetaire Kid ' <
iii Ladies' Drab and Black Corsets... 39c Span jila Belts, all colors 50c each 100 dozen Swiss Embroidered Handker- $2.50 Bleached Napkins, % 5ize....... $1.98 . Gloves. H - $1 25 i
i Ladies' Drab and Black Sateen White Kid Belts 25c each chiefs, exquisite patterns. Former prices 10c Heavy-weight Silesia, all colors.. . 7^c Two-clasD Kid WaYldn^Gloves' 75c 7
i i Corsets 69c Black Patent Leather Belts 35c each 20c, 16% c and 15c. Reduced to B^c each. 12^o Lin n Grass C10tn.... .......... 10c lwo " claBpWfl waiwngUioves.. 'oo_^|
1 Ladies' C. B. French Corsets .85c Black Ribbon Belts, fancy buck- 50 dozen Gents' Colored Bordered Hand- 20c Best Cotton Moreana 16%0 35c Tan Ribbed and Plain Hose. 250 I
4 4 Ladies' Bicycle Corsets, $1.50 les 25c each kerchiefs, IS inches square, usual price 3 5c Kid finished Cambrics 4c 35c Combination Hose, colored 4 •
kkind $1.25 Leather Belts, sterling silver for 50c, to be sold special to-morrow only 10c Yard-wide Cotton Canvas 7%e tops .. ■ . 25c 1 I
( f Infants' White Slips .....25c buckles $1.40 each at 3 for 25c. • 12]4c Rustle Moreans ...;.;... 6%c 25c Ribbed Cotton Hose, infants' • f
i > Children's Short White Dresses. . .50c , ; ,-.,,.. _ .... ',',. ' ' sizes *.. .'• 15c ft
7 Infants' Long Cambric R0be5.. ...50c ; ; ; : ; : — _'" 50c Balbriggan Hose. ., 33>^o T
144 Infants' Crochet Sucques 25c /^ /"^ 33c Heavy Ribbed Hose, boys' I 4
iii A . r*^f fJF r^ \m — -m^ **-**.* s~^. ii_ ■>_ f S~^ 33c Black Cotton Hose '. 25c ■ >I
iii : /^T 1/ f/J^^^^V^a/ J^y^i fC)J 7 KibfMJW r\m if £ *\ 25c Woolen Booties, all sizes.... 19c i ,
1 i '• Malf-Order Business. Wemake : \ O»k. \ln designed to brine our Va»t ! i \
• a feature of it. All orders filled : ± MB qHhi/V l^r-x ,>■ /*^*/w i. iT^^ » ' ' tBS^ : Establishment to your very : I
n 1 : the same day as received. Mon- : J&mg&S ~ fi^Bf \T ZJr»/^nn? r\C WV \?\ /*> »# L /> CW ft mV . : door. Iti p»»«« are a mirror of : 4 |
(i f : ,-y back for anything not »ati»- : VV ▼ t&fcfjJjtiS \J > -^ j^i^ i^WwW/Mll^e ; our many departments. Sent:
lt 4 : factory. W A JTv%/A w "V «▼ WV • — -^^ • : free for tl»e aaklng. Want one ?: | |
band whose only object in life was to sur
round her with luxury and spend every
spare moment at her side.
These fortunate women ere implored
not to exchange their throne for the ballot
box, not. to take the awful step which
leads from the parlor to the polls. I am
reminded of a discussion 1 once had with
a man on this subject, which he ended by
declaring, "Never shall my wife undertake
the rough work of politics; her place is in
her boudoir." I happened to be driving
past their house a few days later but his
wife was not in her boudoir, she was out in
the back yard splitting kindling wood.
There are two sides to this question ; one
is set forth in the sentimental c litorials
and interviews as above quoted, the other
may be found ia the telegraph and news
columns of the papers. "Life is not all
beer and skittles" for women. Nobody
knows this better than men, and yet in
opposing the granting of further privilpgfes
to women they always areue from the
stand jx>int of that woman who has a com
fortable home, a devoted husband and a
family of young children.
They take no account of the millions of
women who have no home except such as
they make for themselves, who have no
protector, and only the bread they earn by
the sweet of their brow. They do not con
sider those women who have never mar
ried, or those who have been widowed, or
those who are neglected, abused or for
saken by their husbands. "Man to man
so oft unjust, is always so to woman,"
sang — not a woman but a man poet, and
not in any one point is be so conspicu
ously unjust as in his treatment of this
question of women's enfranchisement. I
do not believe in bringing personal mat
ters into a diecussion oi this kind, but for
my own satisfaction again and again I
bare investigated the character of the
men who talked the loudest and longest in
opposition. Almost without exception I
have found that the men who prate of the
holy duties of maternity, the obligations
of women to be mothers, etc., are bache
lors living around in clubs and hotels.
The men who declaim about the sacred
ness of the fireside, the holy functions of
wifehood, etc., etc., are the ones who ha
bitually neglect their homes and do the
least to make it a place so desirable that a
woman would never wish to leave it.
Those men who are continually laying
down the rules as to what a woman must
do and be if she wants them to love her
are usually the men whose love would be
declined with thanks ir it were offered.
There are exceptions to these rules, but
If any one doubts their general application
let him make the experiment. You do
not find big-hearted, broad-souled, just
and lovable men making these petty,
prejudiced and unmanly objections. Is
there no way by which men can be made
to see the impertinence of such expres
sions? The very fact that women suomit
to the>e things without protest or re
sentment shows the fffectol years of de
pendence and subordination.
If a man believe that under the consti
tution a woman is not entitled to the privi
lege of the franchise he has an unques
tioned right to say so, or if he thinks it
would not he for the good of the common
wealth, or if he has any legitimate objec
tion. But I challenge the right of men to
define by fixed boundaries the sphere of a
woman's activities; to limit her privileges
except as they are defined by statute; to
say whether she shall or shall not marry;
to instruct her in her duties as wife and
mother.
The true woman has a knowledge of
these duties far beyond what it is possible
for any man to conceive. The instincts of
nature are her guide. They are as old as
the race; they will endure as long as the
race. Increased freedom, larger opportu
nities tend to make her a nobler, str nger,
more capable woman and. Dy so much, the
better fitted for wife and mother. Let
men devote their gigantic intellects for a
time to the training of fathers, and give
the mothers a rest. Ida A. Harper,
Chairman State Pre*s Committee.
: Thomas -Slater has a message for every man on
KS. Don't foil to refttl U. - "
REV DEL BANDIDOS FIRST.
The Son of True Briton Proved
a Great Stayer Over a
Distance.
Chartreuse II Sit a New Mark at
Seven FurloDgs for Ingleside.
Five Favorites Downed.
Rey del Bandidos, the strapping big
chestnut son of imp. True Briton, covered
himself with glory in the long-distance
event at Ingleside yesterday. Before the
race was called rumors were flying around
that the stable trainer had made the dis
covery that the horse's nostrils bad been
plugged with sponges, but this did not
deter the public from backing him, and
when the horses were called for the two
and a quarter mile journey he was a
prime 4 to 5 choice, backed down from 6 to
5. Of the other five starters Wawona and
Little Cripple were accorded the principal
support. The race proved the softest sort
of a snap for the favorite. At the end of
the first mile Little Cripple was showing
the way. Wawona then took up the run
ning and was in front until nearing the
bend for home the second time, where H.
B'own gave Key del Bandidos his head
and be won in a ing gallop by six lengths
in 3:57}^. Wawona had no difficulty in
taking the place from imp. Ifullerton Lass,
who was fully twelve lengths further
away.
The winner, a three-year-old, carrying
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
eighty-seven Impounds, broke the long
standing coast record of 3:58^, made by
Duchess of Norfolk some years agj, and
this on a track not considered bullet-fast.
Had he been pressed tbe chestnut could
easily have bowled over the world's
record, made by Preakness and Springbok
in 1875 in their dead heat for the Saratoga
cup, when they crossed the wire nose and
nose in 3:56^.
There was an increase in the number of
pencilers laying odds yesterday, ten book
making linns cutting in, and they were
hardly adequate to handle tbe amount of
coin that was thrust at them by the big
crowd that tilled tbe betting ring. Instead
of lookme like hard times, one would
think the racing season but just begun.
The favorites did not meet with much suc
cess, but two of seven sent to the post be
ing returned winners, so the talent were
Blightly worsted.
As though it was a day for record
smashing the little chestnut mare Char
treuse II hung up a new track record for
seven furlongs in the Owners' handicap,
setting the mark at 1:27 tiat, the old
record being 1:28. The mare was allowed
to go to the post at odds of 4l 2 ' to 1 and
getting away third gradually moved up
and struck tbe stretch three lengths be
hind the second choice, Beliicoso. The
latter began backing up a furlong from
tbe wire and in a drive was beaten out
three-quarters of a length. Tbe 8 to 5
favorite, Yankee Doodle, waa lapped on
the place horso at the end.
A very wanni thing was cut loose in the
opening two-year-old race at four furlongs.
The books posted 6 to 1 against Lady
Heloise, and the money poured in an
avalanche, cutting her odds down to 11
to 5. Later in the betting, when tbe
judges took Shields down from Miss Buck
man and put Piggott up, tbe odds against
the Lady receded to threes, at which fig
ure botn of the fillies went to the post.
The "good thing" went to the front when
tae starter sent them away, and it looked
as tbou.'h she would walk in, but the last
few jumps was beaten out by the 12 to 1
shot Installatrix through the inconrpe
tency of her rider, Espinosa, who would do
better sawine wood.
The race following over six furlongs,
with a field of thirteen starting, was taken
by the 4to 1 favorite, Trappean, who led
throughout and won by a length from El
mer F. Lucille was a close third.
The maiden hurdle race over a mile and
a furlong with four obstacles to clear
passed off with two or three sprawls, but
no serious accident. A hot tip went the
rounds on Candor and she went to the
post a 2 to 1 choice, wiih Sleeping Child in
good demand at 211. There was not much
to the race but the pair named. The sec
ond choice passed Candor before the
stretch was reached and won easily by a
length, with Bedford a distant third.
Belle of Stonewall, Kodegap and Tennes
see Maid fell at the second jump.
The 2 to 1 favorite Masoero. for th« fifth
event at six furlongs, who should have
won a "city block," was beaten through a
doze his rider (Snider) took at the post.
Wending his way through the big field he
finished a good fourth. The 6to 1 chance.
Miss Cunningham, turned up the winner,
passing the >-tand iwo lengths in advance
of William 08, who made a fine run from
tbe rear.
The concluding race of the day went to
the 15 to 1 shot. Coda, who took the lead a
furlong from home, and headed Howard
outinl:ls#.
TEACK AND PADDOCK ITEMB.
Charley Weber will do the riding for W.
D. Randall's string of horses throughout
the Montana circuit.
Shields wae posted to ride Miss Buck
man, but shorily before post time he was
taken down by the judges and Pigeott
substituted in his place. The filly did not
cut much of a figuro in the running.
Shields appears to have lost his knack of
getting away from the post. OS better.
Charles A would have been a certain
winner.
Aiter getting a bard tumble at tbe
second jump in the hurdle race, Maynard,
who rode Belle of Stonewall, remnunted
the mare and finished the race out. Nature
evidently intended h.m for the g»nie.
Little ifrawiey rode Chartreuse II like a
veteran. With time "Doc" Robbins'
charge promises to make a star rider.
Lloyd on Hymn rode a very patient
race. The odds indicated that the jockey
owner wae not in need of a purse, and the
result fully justified the fast geiding'e
price receding in the betting.
T*he sponge story again went tho rounds
yesterday. Willliam Murray, the Lone
stable's trainer, exhibited two sponges
previous to the lonn-distance race that he
said had been removed from the nostrils of
Rey del Bandidos. He aUo said that
sponges bad been found in the nostrils of
Modestia, the two-year-old filly who ran
on Friday. A few were uukinu enough to
say that thfejong-headed wizard of the
California turf r ad purchased thu sponges
to rub out the 4 to 5 chalked against the
big chestnut colt on the combination
board, but as to the miscreants who treated
Marjorie in like manner some weeks ago
the new jockey club should take steps to
see that they are apprehended.
In Siberia if a man is dissatisfied with
tbe most trifling acts of his wife, be tears
a cap or veil from her face, and that con
stitutes a divorce. In Siam the first wif-?
may be divorced, but not sold, as the
others may be. She may cairn the first
child ; the others belong to tbe husband.Wilt c*MI
SUNDAY JUNE 7, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Pali>win Thkatkb.— "In Mlzzours," to-morrow
night.
i r.LruBTA Tekatkb— "The Two Escutcheons.'
Norosoo's Opkka-Hot7Rk— "The Soudan. "
Tivoli Or era-Hottsk.— • Olivette.'
OspnKnv- High-Class Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Tkkpli.- " Miss Jerry," Mon
day evening.
llArroNovr.H Thkatlti lOaki,<npl — "The
School for Scandal. ' next Tuesday evening.
Seiko loxi.v Ibi.and — Batiilflg and Perform
ances.
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Halght street, one
Hock east of the Park.
Presidio Athletic Grounds— Baseball.
Gox^bkn CJatk Park— Golden Gate Park Band.
I Blair Park (Oakland). -Balloon Ascension
and Parachute Leap.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club.— Races to-morrow.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion— To Sonoma Valley, Sunday, June 7
AUCTION SsALtS.
By BtrixrvAN * Doyle— June 8,
horses, etc., at 220 Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
By G. H. Vmbskn «fc Monday, June 8,
Beal Estate, at salesroom, 11 Montgomery street,
at 3 2 o'clock noon. . s> ■'-
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A new Congregational church will be Inau
gurated at Mill Valley to-day.
Charles Favor wants Customs Inspector
Cleary arrested for threats against life.
Joseph Liggett last night addressed the Mis
sion Defense Union upon the single tax.
Grace Episcopal Church will celebrate the
first anniversary of its vested choir to-day.
Dr. Birch, who will act as Dr. HemphiU's
substitute, spoke yesterday about his ideas on
peace.
A fair Sunday with fresh to brisk winds in
the afternoon is promised by the Weather
Bureau.
Miss Marie Millard, the daughter of the
famous song writer, will make her San Fran
cisco debut to-morrow.
Walter Hobart, the millionaire, has been
sued in the Justices' court for medical attend
ance for one of his grooms.
Two young girls disappeared from the Shel
tering Arms Home a day or so ago. Their
whereabouts is still unknown.
John Higgins, 2289 Fif leenth street, slashed
John Donovan, a fellow-lodger, last night with
a razor and was arrested for assault to murder.
Installatrix, Trappean, Sleeping Child, Key
del Bundidos, Miss Cunningham, Chartreuse
11 and Coda were the winners at Ingleside yes
terday.
The twenty-seven parlors ot X. S. G. W. in
San Francisco and Alameda counties will go to
Sonoma next Saturday for the Bear Flag cels
bration.
The experiment of giving the public access
to library shelves has been successfully triea
at the Mission Branch of the Free Public
Library.
Short limit transfers will take the pls.ee of
the present check system on the Market-street
hues as soon as the proposed new ordinance
becomes a law.
Mm. Mary McCarthy, living at 26 Carolina
street, was arrested yesterday afternoon for at
tempting to kill Jack Duffy, a teamster, who
had jilted her.
The committees who are arranging for the
California celebration at Monterey on July 4-7
will introduce many unique entertainments
for the occasion.
The Mechanics' Institute last night gave a re
ception at the Mechanics' Pavilion to the
Union Iron Works, In honor of the bnilaing of
the Oregon and her nnequaled record.
Tbeophile Vaissivie, liquor-dealer, 3121 Six
teenth street, was robbed of a steel box con
taining $66 last evening by two men, who
pretended they wanted to engage a room.
Mrs. Lena Leyin, who ootained a rabbinical
decree of divorce from her husband, has almust
been driven insane since by being beaten by
him and arrested for disturbing the peace.
Within a week or so half a dozen labor
unions, now meeting at 115 Turk street, will
have to seek new quarters, as the Labor Bu
reau Association will be obliged to vacate the
premises.
The Golden Gate Drill Corps, which, is only
the undffirial name ior Golden Gate Parlor,
N. S. G. W., gave a masquerade dance at
Native Sons' Hall last night. The attendance
was small.
A meeting of the Point Lobos Improvement
Club will be held at Fifth avenue and Clement
street Tuesday night for the purpose of pro
testing against the extension of the Geary
street railway franchise.
Champion James Corbett and Tom Sharkey
are matched to box four rounds before the
National Club in the latter part of this month.
Barney Farley, in behalf of Joe McAuliffe,
issues a challenge to Corbett.
L. A. Berteling, the Kearny-street Jeweler,
was attached Friday lor $1966 by a contractor
whose bill was disputed, as a chimney built by
the contractor for Berteling consisted of three
flues ending in a hole in the wall.
A building which will be used m a boiler
shop and offices is about to be constructed at
the Union Iron Works. This will give employ
ment to several men as tbe works at that place
are to be extended to meet increased demands.
Lieutenant-Commander Sturdy, late execu
tive officer of the cruiser Olympia, is in this
City on his way to Washington. He was
recently court-martialed for absence without
leave from his snip and was sentenced to two
years' suspension and a loss of ten numbers on
the list.
Alexander McAdie, lightning expert of the
Weather Bureau, says that electric cars on this
coast are not provided with guards against
lightning as Eastern cars are. The fact that
' Foisom power plant and the Faraliones light
house were burned by lightning leads him to
Infer there is a possibility of danger to electric
cars.
THE PUG AND THE RABBIT
Secretary Holbrook Nipped a
Novel Coursing Scheme in
the Bud.
Fox Terriers and Bulldogs to Ron
Neck and Neck After Harm'ess
Cottontails.
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has
scored a point in his warfare against cours
ing. He was informed that there was to be
something in his line in the new athletic
grounds, out near the Presidio, yesterday.
He immediately interviewed the responsi
ble parties, and as a result of his action
President Newhall of the Union-street
cable line issued orders that nothing of
the kind would be tolerated there.
"I spoke to James Stratton, wi>o had
endeavored to lease the grounds for cours
ing exhibitions, and he said: 'Why lam
extremely sorry you take such a peculiar
view of such matters. The sport is far
from cruel. We start a rabbit about fifteen
feet in advance of a pack of pug dogs, fox
terriers ami Scotch terriers. No hounds are
allowed at all. It requires some time, you
know, for such small dogs to kill a rabbit,
and then if the killing is prolonged, why
we tend a man out to dislocate the rab
bit's neck. He is an expert in such mat
ter-, and the animal does not suffer at all.'
"I told him," continued Mr. Holbrook,
"that I considered it cruel and inhumane.
But on that same day Co-n Mooney came
to me and tried io intercede for Stratton.
'Why,' said he, 'in England the elite, you
know, go to these thiii/s.'
"I replied I did not care what the elite
did in England; that 1 knew they were
not given to such practices here. I intend
to stop thiß sport whenever I find that
any one is practicing it. I hold it to be
extremely innumane and I feel it my
duty to prevent it.'
Annual Election of Officers.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52, N. S. G. W., held
their annual election yesterday, the result be
ing as follows: Past President. J. G. Joly;
president, M. H. Baker; first vice-president, G.
C. Guntlier; second vice-president, A. Mayer;
third vice-president. T. Norton; treasurer. R.
Horber; recording secretary, E. N. Phelan;
financial secretary. M. Airy; marshal, C. Ros
ter; physicians— Dr. E. J. Frisbie and Dr. W. J.
Hawkins; trustee, F. Bragg.
TO DIG GOLD AND
TO SAVE SOULS,
Missionaries and Miners
Sail on the Steamer
Bertha.
TO SPREAD CIVILIZATION
Clever Work of a Hawaiian
Diver on the Barkentine J.
D. Spreckels.
DOWN IN FOURTEEN FATHOMS.
The Boilers in the Tug Fearless Will
Probab'y B' Placed in the
Steamer Czarina.
Missionaries for the Alaskan field are
plentiful. All the churches are active and
Methodists, Catholics, Greek church and
Episcopalians all sent representatives to
the tar north on the Alaska Commercial
Company's steamer Bertha yesterday.
Among the cabin passengers were: J. E.
Binet, 0. Binet, Mrs. James Wilson, two
children and maid; Mrs. Beaumont and
two children, Fathers Tosi and Cataldo,
Brother Branchoti, William McDonald,
M. Ellinger.Rev. Mr. Kortchinsky and wife,
Rev. Dr. Chace, Mr. Flewelline, Rev. Mr.
Nay lor and wife, B. Jones, M. Blatchford,
Mrs. Kate Zorn and two children, Captain
G. W. Boers, Rev. J. H. Rock, Rev. Dr.
Ronig and wife, T. Norris and P. Bishop.
Nearly all the clerymen are supplied
with cameras, and while they are convert
ing and teaching the Indians they will
also make collections of curios and photo
grap s. They expect to be gone for a long
time and are all prepared for the Arctic
winter.
Part of the Bertha's cargo was the
steamer Belle, which is to be used on the
Yukon River in conjunction with the
Alice. The Belle went up in sections, and
twenty-seven carpenters, seven engineers
and eight laborers went up on the Bertha
to put ncr together. Captain John J. Blair
will superintend the work, and the new
stern-wheeler will be ready ior a run to
Forty-mile Creek in August next.
The bripantine John D. Spreckels arrived
yesterday from Mahukona after a slow
passage for her of twenty days. No time
will be lost in getting her diacliarged,
loaded and away again. She wes unloaded
this morning and came from the refinery
to Folsotn street. She will be loaded to
morrow, and on Tuesday Captain Christen
sen will be under way for Hawaii again.
While lying in the sugar port the brigan
tine was in a predicament. When ready
to sail the anchor was found to be fast
under a bowlder. The entire crew could
not move it and Captain Christenson was
in despair. Finally be enlisted the ser
vices of a Kanaka diver, and the latter
soon set the vessel free. He made two
dives down into fourteen fathoms of water,
and on the second attempt released the
vessel after being down two minutes and
thirty seconds. He was an eldeily man,
but did not seem a bit distressed over his
efforts and the recompense be received for
his venturesome dive into the ocean more
than repaid him.
Many nsh were seen in the water, and
Captain Christensen threw in a small
piece of lighted dynamite. After the ex
plosion took place the native dived in and
brought up five big fish under eacb arm.
When asked by the captain why he brought
them up'unde'r his arms instead of in his
hands he said: "Plenty of sharks down
there, but they won't eat a Kanaka. They
will eat fish, and if I had one in my band
the shark would make a snap and take my
hand with the nsh. Safest way to bring
them up is under tbe arm."
Gus Anderson, the sailor who was beaten
and tnrown ashore from the barkentine
0. C. Funk last Monday, had his revenge
in the Po'ice Court last Friday. Captain
John Charleton was fined $15, Managing
Owner R. W. Schultz $20 and Second Mate
D. W. Cuthrell $15. Tne evidence showed
tnat the attack on the sailor was unpro
voked and the three men had badly beaten
Anderson.
The British bark Almora. from Hull,
was caught in a severe squall off the
Farallones last Friday, and in it John
Bush by, an A. 8., nearly lost his life. He
was at work on tbe t'oreyard, when a
sudden squall struck the sail and he was
knocked to the deck. When picked up he
was insensible, and when tbe Almora
came to an anchor he was at once sent to
the Marine Hospital. During the voyage
two other men were injured, and tney were
in the sick ward when the bark arrived.
The American barlcentine Chehalis has
just completed a wonderful voyage. She
went from San Francisco to Vladivostock
in Siberia, thence to Hakodate in Japan
and back to this port in 103 days. The
distance covered is over 12,000 miles, and
considering tnat at each port the vessel
had to discharge ar.d load the record is a
wonderful one. Tbe barkeitine is almost
a new vessel, having been built in Wash
ington in 1891. On all her voyages she has
made fast time, but on this occasion she
has broken the record.
Detectives Crocker and Dillon were on
the lookout for the steamer St. Paul yes
terday. The vessel got in late in the after
noon and then a search for "Mrs. Jane
Reynolds" was begun. She was not
aboard and neither Captain Green nor any
of his officers knew anything about her.
Instead of going on the St. Paul at San
Pedro she probably came to San Fran
cisco by rail. It is understood that
Mrs. Reynolds has made away with some
important documents wanted in a trial
now in progress in Los Angeles.
Mrs. John A. Brown, wife of one of the
employes of J. J. O'Brien & Co. lost her
purse on the narrow-gauge train from San
Rafael last Friday. It contained $S5, and
was found by Conductor Graham. Chief
Wharfinger Root telephoned to Sausalito
and by the next steamer the purse and
money came over.
Hughey Smith, the ex-ballplayer, but at
present engaged on the State nile-driver,
nearly lost his Hie yesterday. He fell be
tween the wharf and the "pile-driver ami
had to be fished uut with a boathook. He
was more dead than alive when hauled
ashore, buta gentle stimulantsoon brought
him round.
The boilers of the big tug Fearless will
probably be transferred to the steamer
Czarina next week. The latter is wanted
for the Beaver Hill coal trade, and as it
will taue a lone time to build new boilers
for her it is thought better to make the
transfer and save time. The Fearless can
stand more powerful boilers, and it has
been contemplated for some time to build
her new and larger ones. Very little tow
ing is being done on the front just now, so
this is a good opportunity to lay the tug
up and make the change.
The Occidental Club had a picnic on the
tug Fearlass yesterday. Trie party was
engineered by Superintendent McCarty,
and over 200 Democratic politicians went
out with him. They did not return until
late last night, and all apparently had a
good time.
A man in Bourges is still wearing the
blouse he bad on when the Prussians en
tered France. He swore that he would
never wear another, and by means of
patches has kept his oath. The town
council has offered him a hundred francs
for it for the town museum.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
The Alaska Commercial Company's Reamer Bertha, Which Sailed Yesterday for Kadiak With Many
Missionaries and Several Miners Aboard.
[Sketched by a " CaU " artut]
CHAMPION CORBETT
AND TOM SHARKEY
The Big Heavy • Weights
Matched to Box Four
Rounds
AT THE NATIONAL CLUB
James Must Stop Thomas or Lose
the Big End of the Re
ceipts.
BANQUETED BY PORTER ASHE
Barney Farley Will Back His Charge,
Joe McAuliffe, to, Stop Corbett
in Ten Rounds.
Jim Corbett, the champion heavy
weight pugilist of the world, and the pride
of the San Francisco sporting fraternity,
signed an agreement last evening to meet
Tom Sharkey, "the pride of the American
navy,", at the pavilion on the evening of
th* 23d inst., in a four-round contest.
The match came about in this wise. On
Friday afternoon Corbett with several
friends were chatting, on matters pugilis
tic, when some one in the assemblage
| asked Corbett what he thought of Sharkey
I and if he (Corbett) could stop "the Bailor"
j in four rounds.
Jim replied in a somewhat jocose man
ner that he certainly should be able to
accomplish the trick, but added, "I think
Champion Jim and His Ambitions
Challenger.
Sharkey is the most magnificent specimen
of an athlete I have seen in years, and I
am of the opinion that he can stomach an
awful amount of punishment."
Tbe words were scarcely spoken when a
listener darted out in quest of Sharkey
and his backer, Dan Lynch.
Sharkey grew angry when he was told
what Corteell had said, and his backer,
Lynch, immediately departed on a hunt
for a stakeholder.
Five hundred dollajs was deposited with
a morning paper by Brmrkey's backer, as
a guarantee of good faith that Sharkey
would meet Corbett at a day's notice if
necessary, and i; Corbfltt could prove him
self good enough to stop Thomas in four
rounds he could win $5000 of his money.
Nothing further was done in the matter
uutil yesterday, but when the champion
visited his brother's saloon on Ellis street
he was surrounded &y a crowd of anxious
friends, all of whom wanted to know if
Jim really meant what he had said re
garding Sharkey.
Corbett replied that he was not making
matches to stop fighters in limited con
tests, but that he would fight Sharkey one,
two, three or four rounds in this City or
any other city where protection would be
guaranteed.
"I might have said in a joshing way,"
remarked Corbett, • "that I could stop
Sharkey, you know, but, heavens, can't a
person crack a joke once in awhile with
out having his meaning misconstrued?
Possibly, in a contest with Sharkey, I
might stop him in a puncn, and again it
might -take several punches to accomplish
ths trick.
"Oh, no, 1 am not making any of those
so-called stopping matches, but if Bharkey
or any other man will meet me in a limited
contest, with the proviso that the tighter
who has the better of the argument at the
finish wins, then I am ready to talk busi
ness with any of them. 1 am looking for
hard coin, and the way I expect to get it
is by whipping my men."
Sharkey's backer, Dan Lynch, had a
long consultation with the managers of
the National Club last evening. He at
first refused to listen to any proposition
other than the one accepting Corbett's
alleged challenge to stop Sharkey in four
rounds.
When Mr. Groom, a director of the club,
explained to Lynch Corbett's feelings in
the matter in reference to stopping
Sharkey in four rounds Lynch agreed to
match his charge against the champion
under the folio winy conditions:
"If Corbett can stop Tom in Jour rounds
we do not want a cent of the receipts, but
if Sharkey will be on his feet and able to
resume the contest at the expiration of
the fourth round we must have an equal
division of the receipts. Points must not
count in this game, because I am well
aware that Tom would not be in it with
Corbett scientifically."
Corbett and several of bis friends dined
last eveniug, at the invitation of Porter
/isbe, Atone of the prominent rotisserics,
and when be iearneu at a late hour of the
proposition agreed to by Sbarkey's man
ager he smiled and remarked, in the lan
guage of Parson Davies, "Well, let it ro ay
tnat."
The general opinion of sporting men
aliout town is that Corbett will have his
hand? full if he attempts to put Sharkey
to sleep in a four-round contest. Tliey
argue that if Choynski cannot stoi'
Sbarkey in eight rounds, the sailor should
stand a good chance of fooling Corbett for
four rounds.
But there are others, and tl ose others
who have backed Corbett in all his fights,
who say, *'with a wink thrown in by way
of no harm," that poor Tom will surely
have a picnic and may the best man win.
It will be no discredit to Sharkey if he
should fall before the king of pugilists of
the present day, but so far as Corbett is
concerned a chip will be culled from his
credit block if he fails to put the pride of
fhe navy into dreamland in four rounds.
If Fitzsimmons can stop the hard-hit
ting Peter Maher in one and a half rounds
it looks, on the face of it, that Corbett
should find the point of Sharkey's chin in
anywhere from one to four rounds.
Corbett's wife has been very sick since
her arrival in this City, but her physician
stated yesterday that she will be thor
oughly convalescent in a few days, and
that all she needs is quiet rest.
Barney Farley, the backer and trainer of
Joe McAuliffe, has written to the sporting
editor of The Call a challenge to Jim
Corbett which is self-explanatory:
Hearing so much talk of late about fighters.
I c:innot understand why McAuliffe is not rec
ognized by the boxing clubs of this City.
Now, I will match McAuliffe to meet Jim
Corbett at any time that the champion is
ready, and if Joe cannot stop Corbett in ten
rounds we do not want a cent of the gate re
ceipts. The fighters one and all flf?ht shy of
McAuliffe, because they know that he is
dangerous game and can whip any one of
them. What has Corbett to say In the matter?
yours, etc., Baknkt Faklet.
McAuliffe had a scrap last night with
I.acev, an old-time feather-weiuht, in a
Turk-street saloon, but before any damage
resulted the pugilists were separated. It
is said that McAuliffe struck very wild
and his opponent, Lacey, hung onto Joe's
coattaii for dear life.
TO DRILL IN THE PARK.
Marines of the Philadelphia and the
Naval Battalion of the N. G. C-
Next Saturday, June 13, the sailors and
marines of the United States cruiser Phil
adelphia and two cornpa lies of the Naval
Battalion of the National Guard of Cali
fornia will be consolidated for the pur
pose of an exhibition drill at Go:den Gate
Park. In order to carry out the plans foi
the drill some details must be arranged.
Tne MarKet-sireet Railroad Company has
been asked to provide five cars for the ma
rines and one lor the band of the cruiser
Philadelphia.
The suggestion that the drill should
take Dlace on Van Ness avenue was not
accepted, as the space for spectators there
would not be ample. The exhibition suci.
as the one proposed is remarkably attrac
tive, but space is required for the evolu
tions apart from the ground occupied by
those who as-embie to see the drill. It
has been decided, therefore, with the con
sent of the Park Commissioners, to hay i
the drill in Golden Gate Park near the
music stand. The band of the Philadel
phia will furnish the music.
The advantage to the naval reserve men
of participating in the drill with the ma
rines, who are so familiar with the move
ments, is deemed highly desirable. The
exhibition itself is sure to be interesting.
Tht drill is to benin at 3 p. m.
The most expensive army of the world
is that of Germany, which costs from
£17,000,000 to £21,000,000 per year.
WOMAN, LOVER
AND REVOLVER
This Trio Makes Things
Very Lively in the
Mission.
MARY SHOT TO KILL.
Jack Duffy's Life Due to the
Poor Aim of a Jilted
Sweetheart.
JEALOUSY WAS THE CAUSE.
Mrs. Mary McCarthy Attemp's to
Kill Her Lover for Marrying
Another Woman.
Diamond street, near Twenty-fifth, was
the scene of an exciting shooting scrape
yesterday afternoon, in which Mrs. Mary
McCarthy, who lives at 29 Carolina
street, made a strenuons endeavor to
take the life of Jack Duffv, employed as
a driver at Gray Brothers stone' quarry on
Clipper and Douglass stieets.
It seems to be the same old story of
"hell hath no fury like a woman scorned."
Duffy, it appears, has been going with
the woman clandestinely for some time and
their relations have been what might be
called familiar. One week ago Duffy mar
ried the lady of his choice, Miss Louisa
Barrett, aged 25, living ;.t 609 Minna
street, and then came the trouble.
The scene is described by eye-witnesses
as follows:
About 1 o'clock yesterday the widow
and a girl companion, who refu?ed to i:ive
her name, strolled down Diamond street.
They were both youug, the age of the
would-be avenger being about 32 years. It
was afterward learned that their destina-
tion was Gray Brothers' stone quarry.
But, as luck would have it, they met
Duffy driving a four-horse team and "Ma
mie" at once called to him. He left Mb
team standing in the street and approached
tiie two women where they stood on the
sidewalk.
Hot and angry words were at once
passed. The woman seemed to be reproach
ing him for his action in deserting her for
another woman. Duffy seemed to be en
deavoring to make some eiDlanation of
his conduct.
At last he lost patience and made some
remark in a severe tone, when the infuri
ated woman gave an exclamation of rage,
and, drawing a revolver, fired at Duffy
pointblank.
Considering their proximity it seems
a miracle that she inflicted only a super
ficial neck wound, but she did. At first
he staggered, but it was manifest that
this was due to the shock.
Just at this juncture the foreman of the
quarry, passing in a buggy, jumped from
his seat and snatched the revolver from
the hand of the irate woman. The team
Duffy had left standing in the street took
fright at the shot and went tearing down
toward Castro street, where it was stopped
without any injury to itself or others.
Evidently fearing that his horse would
imitate Duffy's team the foreman jumped
into his buggy and started for the stone
quarry, where he acquainted the men
engaged of the condition of affairs. In
the meantime Mary had seized Duffy
with a steel-like grip and was hysterically
moaning forth the story of her wrongs
and reproaching him for his infidelity to
her.
• "It was only the night before you mar
ried this woman," she shrieked, "that you
were with me and making protestations of
love and endearments, and then the very
next day you went sfnd married her.
"My God! what am I going to do?" she
sobbed. "My friends and even my parents
are estranged from me on account of my
relations with you, and here you have
gone and forsaken me, too."
ily this time a large crowd had gathered,
attracted by the unusual spectacle, and
the man, evidently wishing to avoid the
notoriety of the affair, desperately endeav
ored to make the woman loosen her hold
of him. Perhaps he would have succeeded
in spite ot the deathlike grip she had
taken but for his seeming desire not to in
jure her. and though she was several times
thrown to her knees she continued to cling
to the object of her vengeance, tearfully
crying that she must either hive money
to nelp her out of her troubles or 'she
would have his life.
About this time the quarry foreman
returned, and, driving near the curbstone,
spoke to her. She turned her head to
listen and Duffy adroitly seized the oppor
tunity to break loose. Once free, he ran
fleetly down Clipper street, where he se
creted himself.
Mary and her companion then started
for Gray Brothers' quarry, where they
were informed that if they made any
further trouble the police would be noti
fied. Mary's companion persuaded her
to go back to Diamond street.
Two ladies got hold of the now hysteri
cal woman and, with ing assistance of her
companion, managed to persuade her to
board a Castro-street car and come to
town.
Mrs. McCarthy came into the City and
went to the office of Gray Bros., on
Montgomery street, where she inquired
for Duffy, thinking that he had tone
there. They had been notified of the
shooting scrape and told her to wait for a
few minutes, but she was too impatient
and went out toward Sansome street.
Policeman McGrayan was at once noti
fied and arrest' <1 her. She was charged
with assault with intent to commit mur
der.
When seen in the prison Mrs. McCarthy
did not deny firing at Duffy, and said she
was sorry he was not now in the Morgue.
In appearance she is very unattractive
looking.
It was learned later that prior to mak
ing the assault she had called at the house
of the Barretts on Minna street and heard
the tale that Duffy had married the girl
and had roundly berated the whole
family.
Duffy and two friends called at the
prison last night. He said he would like
to get Mrs. McCarthy out on bail, but did
not want to see her. He then went away
to search for a Judge.
THE TRADE UNIONS.
Several Bodies Will Have to Seek New
Quarters Very Soon.
The recently organized paper-hangers'
union seems destined to be a prosperous
organization. There are now forty-eight
members, and there is every prospect that
before long it will have on its roll ail of
the first-class journeymen in the City. It
will soon receive its charter from the
Painters' and Decorators' Union, of which
it is an offshoot. At the last meeting L.
F. Danforth, J. A. Auliffe and L. A. Tay
lor were elected as delegates to the Build
me Trades Council.
The next meeting of the Painters' Union
will be held on WednesUay evening in
stead of Monday. The change in the even
ings for meeting will be permanent. Tnis
union recently issued a charter to the Sac
ramento Painters' Union. This union is
in a prosperous condition since it was
formed, four weeks ago, by Organizer
Coffin. There are seventy-five names on
its roll.
The Oakland Painters' Union is soon to
be provided with a charter by the San
Francisco body, which is now the parent
of four unions.
The Labor Bureau Association will be
obliged to move soon from 115 Turk street,
where it has been located for two years, a
new les&ee haying taken possession of the
premises. It is not known where the new
headquarters will be located.
This change will compel a large number
of labor unions, now meeting in the small
hall, to seek new quarters. Among those
ibat will have to move are the Hotel Em
ployes', Lathers', Carpenters' District
Council, Building Trades Council, Shing
lers', Paper-hangers-, Glaziers' Union and
others.
• — * — •
The Empress of China has a great pas
.-■ion for jewels. It used to be illegal for a
Chinese woman to wear diamonds, but the
present Empress changed ail that by per
sisting in her fancies.
HEW TO-PAT.
If You Remain
Fat,
It's Your Own
Fault! _
Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills, Frnit Salt
and Bands for Fat Folks Make th«
Sick-Fat Well and Thin and the Well-
Fat Thin and Comfortable. '
fTIHE PORTRAIT ABOVE IS THAT OF MRS.
I •*■ Leon de Sales Barnard, popular in San Fran-
cisco society, who writes thus. from her home on
Dolores street: " I became fat and afflicted with
disease of the heart, liver and kidneys. My physi-
cian recommended Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and
Salt. I took them under his direction, and in
.six weeks was reduced thirty-eight pounds and
cured of all mv chronic troubles."
1 Mrs. MonaThurgate Heppner, Teneriffe avenue,
writes: "My face, neck and bast became too
fleshy. In four weeks Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills
and Salt reduced me to comely proportions and
made me twenty-three pounds lighter."
Rev. Henry Truman Hulse, Oakland, writes:
"Five weeks' use of Dr. Edison's Obesity Band re-
duced my abdominal measurement six Inches."
Dr. Edison's Obesity and Supporting
Band.
NO "BARS AP ARILL AS," "NERVINHS,"
"TONICS" OR OTHER SPRING OR SUMMED
MEDICINES NECESSARY WHEN THESE
REMEDIES ARE USED. They sure chronU
diseases of tne heart, liver, kidneys and stomich,
and TAKE THE PLACE OF ALL FEMALH
REMEDIES AND REGULATORS.
Dr. Edison's Pills. Salt and Bands will make
you thin and comely. Only Obesity Remedies ad-
mitted to the World's Fair. .No Rigid Dieting. Nc
Purging. ' NO Inconvenience. : No Danger. No Lost
of 'i line. Perfectly Harmless. Obesity Fruit Salt..
$1 a bottle; Obesity Pills, $150 a bottle; Obesity
Bands, 92 50 and up. Measure as Indicated by
figures on cut.
••How to Cure Obesity" sent free t» all fat folks
who apply for it. I.orln; & Co.'s CHICAGO M ED-
ICAL DEPARTMENT will advise you, without
charge, about your obesity or any other disease. /
GENERAL AGENTS:
OWL DRUG CO.,
• . San Francisco and Los Angeles,
Lorlng St Co., Proprietors, Dept. 3s, No. 115 State
•-.'.'■ street, Chlc*K» .
GRAND CONCERT,
BALLOON ASCENSION
• AERODROME DROP,
By PR iFK!s>OR R iBKKT EARLSTON,
■••"■ ■■'-.-. King of the Aeronautic World, ; .
BLAIR PARK,
5UNDAY..... ... ........ .....JUNK 7, 1896.
. Do not fail to see KO KO In his gr»a". burlesque
trapeze performance. 3 ADMISSION i'KKK. Take
Piedmont can. '. -"
* NEW TO-DAT.'
kill A 1 yi.A flx&i^l
knitJni
ISO Sutter St., roon
Take Elevator.
* ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOR .
# Bathing
\*/( UUllllllg
fm Suits
nSH,. SWEATERS,
M BICYCLE
jggf^' SUITS,
r==3> lif-^g^ . For Men,
Mp sl5 ***' Women and
_ -~l|^\ Children.
Newest Styles. • Most Reasonable Prices.
We will remove to 105 Post street on or
about July 6, 1896.
Send for Illustrated Catalogues.
DEALERS.— Write us for trade
prices. You can do best with us.
At Auction!
At Auction!
G.H.UMBSEN&GO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Douse Brokers, Rent Collectors and Auctioneers,
OFFICE AND SALESROOM:
14 Montgomery St., Near Market
IMPORTANT
REAL ESTATE AUCTION
OF
Miscellaneous ProDsrties
AS PER CATALOGUE, AT SALESROOM, •
MONDAY,
MONDAY, :-■■•-- - - June 8, i 896,
AT 12 O'CLOCK M.
I Natoriia-St. Houses.
Nos. 922, 92- and 924 Naiorua street, between
Tenth an : Eleventh— Three 2-story frame houses,
6 rooms and bath each, in good condition: reins
$60 per month; lot 50x75: concrete stone side-
walk and coping; iron fencing; street biluminized;
title insured California Title Insurance and Trust
Company.
Dolores- St. Lot.
Vacant lot 25x12.*. east side of Dolores street;
160 fret north of Twenty-fifth: ready for building;
half block {room electric-cars; line view.
I\oe-.-«t. Residence. Foreclosure.
No. 69 Noe street, between Fourteenth and Kid-
ley— Two-story residence, 8 rooms and bath; bay-
windows: brick foundation: lovely sunny home;
size 30x162.
Higrhteenth-St. Building Lots. -
Two level lota, south line of Eighteenth street,
125 feet west 01 Clover ; alley, on« block west of
Douglass street; r/ady to build on; street worlc
dove; 25x121 feet each: electric-cars pass.
Choice Residence Lot.
South line of Fulton street, 137:6 feet west of
Scott: 37:6x137:6 feet: mortgage of $'..'2OO can re-
main if desired: street accepted by the city; this is
a very fashionable neighborhood, being the drive
to the park and only half a block from Alamo
square.
The five following pieces by order of
Referee. Estate of Daniel Mullln, tie-
ceased.
(jolden Gate Aye. — Down Town.
Nos. 315-317 Golden Gate avenue, between Hyde
and Larkin streets— Two houses of 9 rooms, etc.,
each: rents $70; lot 34:4^x137 :8 feet.
NW. Cor. Fulton and Webster Sts.
Two-story and basement house of 9 rooms, etc.
basement could be easily converted Into a store at
little expense; rents $45; both streets accepted;
lot 27 :«xBO feet.
Investment on Stevenson St.
457-459 Stevenson St., between Fifth and Sixth-
Double house of 6 rooms each, etc. ; rents 946; lot
26:6x70.
Oak- St. Lot.
South line of Oak St., 278 :6y 3 feet west of De
visadero; 25x137:6.
Ocean View Lot.
West line of Bright st., 150 feet south of Ran-
dolph; 25x100; near electric cars.
Administrator's Sale.
1. 410-410% Page st. and Lily aye.— Two flats of
7 and 6 rooms and bath each, etc.; lot 54:2x120, as
per diagram. .
2. Cottage, 415 Lily aye.; 20*60: will not be
offered at the suction sale, but can be bought at a
reasonable price at private sale.
Corner Lot.
Southeast corner of Turk and Lyon ita.; 60x
187:6; Turk st. is 100 feet wide.
FRENCH HOSPITAL PROPERTY
By order of Board of Directors!
S. E. Bryant St., Bet! 5 h and 6th.
As an Kntirety. •
Improvements consist of 3-story brick building
and several smaller buildings: lot 275x275 feet;
100-vara lot; will cut up .into 25 large building
lots, with 50- toot streets; 4 r corners; in the heart
of manufacturing district.
~~- . . ■
For further particulars inquire at office
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Auctioneers,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
AIL LATHEWORK^Ssi^^FOR TWO YEARS.
A.L.BANCROFT a CO. 324 POST ST.S.F.
t^W^J Dr. Hall's Reinvigorator
hXt* m f'jX&A ll i-op!i all losses in 'Z\ hours. Restore
KH tSpy Manhood, Enlargfs Small Orpans,
a Dr. Hall's Impo.ency, Varico-
«tops all loss's in 24 hours. Restores
Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
cures Emissions, Impo.ency, Varico-
feart lpracele. Gleet, Fits, Strictures and all
BfStl wSS wasting effects of Self-Abuse or Ex-
W'lri . I tUji erases. Sent s-aled, $2 per bottle.
IEA&i X^ THREE BOTTLES, $5; guarantee*"
EOQuEffiiiuto cure any case.
JJK. HALL'S MiSDICAL INSTITUTE, ..
855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
All priva'e diseases .quickly cured. Send for boos,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHABLES H. -PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
Vj law and Notary Public, 633 Market si., oppo-
site Palace HoteL Telephone 570. Re»iaenC9 I<JW
I'eilsu .'£«lephoae« "PUw" M9L
78
NAVAL VICTORY
OF THE SCOTTS.
The Unequaled Record of
the Battle-Ship Oregon
Celebrated.
RECEPTION AND DANCE.
Honors Tendered by the Mechan
ics' Institute of This
City.
UNION IRON WORKS LAUDED.
Thousands of People Make the Occa
sion a Fitting Tribute to the
Establishment.
More than 2000 people gathered in the
Mechanics' Pavilion last night to partici
pate in the reception to the Union Iron
Works tendered by the Mechanics' Insti
tute in honor of the great mechanical vic
tory achieved in the battleship Oregon.
Each guest as he passed the door was
presented with a handsome souvenir of
the occasion in the shape of an engraving
of the Oregon at full speed on a card 6x9
inches, to which was attached the printed
programme of the evening's exercises.
A band opened the evening's exercises
I ac-Simile of Two Oil Paintings Presented by the Employes of the Union Iron
Works to Mrs. Irving M. J-cott and Mrs. Henry T. Scott on Behalf of the
.Men Who Built the Oregon. Painted by E. Pcnze.
with Catlin's "American Overture," a
medley comprising selections from "Our
Nations," "Red, White and Blue," "Hail
Columbia," "Washington's March,"
"America," "American Hymn," "The
Land of Washington," "Star-spangled
Banner" and ''Yankee Doodle."
K. A. Denicke, president of the Mechan
ics' Institute, addressed himself to the
mechanics of the Union Iron Works, and
paid a tribute to their skill and energy as'
shown in the battle-ship Oregon. He re
ferred to the prevailing cry of 16 to 1, and
uilded that that 'cry was drowned on the
14ih of May when the Oregon off Santa
Barbara made her remarkable record of
16.73.
In closing he presented to the Union
Iron Works a laurel wreath, which he ex
plained was emblematic of the victory
gained by that establishment over its
competitors all over the world in the con
struct ion of the Oregon.
(■. W. Wimmer accepted the wreath on
beaalf of the donee, and returned a few
fitting words of thanks.
A salute of twenty-five guns wp.s then
fired from the platform in the center of
the Pavilion, on which the officers of the
institute and the special guests were
Eeate I.
While this fusillade wns still in progress
the hand began Walston's "Grand Nauti
cal Medley" of songa of the sea, compris
ing selections of "The Tar's Farewell
Waltz,' "Dublin Bay," "By the Sad Sea
Waves," ''Life on the Ocean Wave,"
"Barcarolle," "Our Jack's Come Home
To-day," "Sailing," "On Board the Ore
gon,""Rocked in the Cradie of the Deep"
and "Na;icy Lee."
The Knickerbocker Quartet — D. M. Law
rence, R. P. Evans, D. P. Crane and L. A.
Larsen— sang the "Tar's Song," adapted
to the occasion by the insertion of the
name of the Oregon in the appropriate
places. As an enccre they rendered "Saily
v Our Alley."
Oscar Lewis, trustee of the Mechanics'
Institute and president of the Builders'
Exchange, congratulated the employes of
the Union Iron Works on the great achieve
ment they placed to the credit of the Pa
cific Coa^t by constructing the battle-ship
Oregon, the fastest ship of her kind in the
world.
He called attention to the fact that the
Union i-on Works, since its establish
ment, has drawn $9,000,000 from the treas
ury of the United States, which amount
has been distributed among the mechan
ics and others connected with and doing
business with the Union Iron Works.
The history of the Union Iron Works
was reviewed from its establishment to
the present day, showing its steady growth
in overy direction.
Irving M, Scott, in responding to the ad
dress of Mr. Lewis, said:
"I thank you all for this grand and
glorious tribute to the Union Iron Works
and the mechanics who had a hand in the
construction of the battle-ship Oregon, the
peer of any vessel of her kind in the waters
of the earth.
"Every attempt on the part of San
Francisco to aid "in the constructing of a
navy for the country now meets not only
with respectful attention but with plaud
its."
He spoke of the Charleston, the firstborn
of the establishment of wnich he is the
head, and the San Francisco, which was
the first warship whose hull and eneines
were the design of American mechanics
and whose shafts were made in the United
States. The Monterey was referred to a3
one of the best ships afloat in any part of
the world. "Next came the Olympia," he
contended, "with her record" of 22.15."
[Applause.]
"Then came the grandest and best of
all— the mighty Orecon— carrying a bat
tery which is unequaled in the world.
They have heavier ships, with 2000 tons
more displacement, but none with so
powerful a battery."
Incidentally he paid a tribute to Mel
ville Nixon, a young Virginian, born since
the war, who designed the vessel, and de
clared that with such talent available from
among tlie youth of the land, this country
has nothing to fear from future foss. Con
tinuing, he said :
"For thirty-six years, to my knowledge,
the Union Iron Works has kept in its em
ploy an army of men and never missed a
payment for as much as fifteen minutes.
And better than all that is the army of
skilled mechanics who are being trained
in' your City and who will go forth to con
quer the world."
George W. Dickie spoke of the necessity
of preserving and extending commerce
and of the importance of ships in this con
nection. He referred to the disadvantages
fehip-building is laboring under by reason
of nardthipß that nre imposed on ship
owners. Among other remedies he advo
cated lower taxes. He said where ship-
owning was impossible ship-building was
improbable.
Georre MorVis, chief engineer of th 3
Union Iron Wooks, spoke of the pride of
himself and his fellow-workers in the
latest and greatest product of their handi
craft, and paid a special tribute to the
hundred and more men who went with
the Oregon on her trial trip and aided to
make that event the success it proved.
In conclusion he presented a plaque fif
teen inches square, commemorative of the
Oregon's trial trip, to Mrs. Irving M.
Scott, and another similar one to Mrs.
Henry T. Scott. In the center of each
plaque is a picture of the Oregon plowing
the deeo. Above this is inscribed the
words, "Record of 16.791 knots," and be
low on the one presented to Mrs. I. M.
Scott are the words, "The men who built
the United States ship Oregon present
their compliments to Mrs. Irving M. Scott
in commemoration of May 14, 1896."
Tne only change in the one presented to
the wife of Henry T. Scott is in the name
contained ia the latter inscription. Mr?.
Irving M. Scott received the souvenir in
person, but Mrs. Henry T. Scott was ab
sent in New York with her husband.
During the entire evening, after the
firing of the first salute, the ladies in the
audience were startled by the firing of
guns and the shrill piping of whistles at
irregular intervals.
BAraong those in the grand stand were
the following: Eugene C. Ward, Miss Kit
tie Brennan, William Donald, Miss Mary
Polack, M. J. Haley, wife and son, K.
Pengeley, H. Jocalt, 'Miss H. Perlet, Mrs.
M. H. Heinch, M. A. Jason, Miss Mar
chand, Mr. and Mrs. M. Johnson, Mrs. R.
Murray, Mr?. G. Cuming, E. Penez, W. B.
Sedgelev, C. G. Norris, G. Alexander,
E. R. Poett, C. A. Greentield, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Merithew, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. H.
White, Mrs. Graus, Miss, Gratis, George
Cummings, Bryan Jackson, Mrs, George
W. Wimmer, George B. Crawford, M. Car
rillo (Consul for Guatemala), Miss F. T.
Denny, Mrs. D. M. .Lawrence, A. B. John
son. George W. Scott, A. T. Schuster, John
T. Scott, R, P. Doolan, G. W. Wimmer,
C. Howard, P. J. Haley, F. Formhals,
George R. Presson, S. W. Grossbeck, U. S.
A., Robert Forsyth, A. K. Coney, Consul-
General for Mexico, R. D. Faulkner, James
Dickie, W. A. Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. I. M.
Scott, Profeusor Davidson, George W.
Dicfcle, M. O. Lewis, E. A. Denicke,
Charles M. Pium, Mrs. A. Frisse,
Miss Dora Bose, Mr?. P. F. Bar
ry, Charles F. Potts, Miss M.
Ryan, Judson Craig, Miss Louise A.
Williams, Clyde A. Cross, Percy G. Me-
Donala, John Cosgrove, K. Dickie, George
W. Dickie Jr., Fred H. Dingle, Mr. and
Mrs. S. rf. Tacey, W. G. Dodd, Mrs. J.
Laraeraux and daughter, J. R. Savory.
Dancing closed the evening's celebra
tion of one of the greatest naval victories
ever achieved in times of peace.
GIRL GRADUATES PROTEST
Will Give an Entertainment
Regardless of the Board
of Education.
Hurl Defiance at Their Superiors
Because They Think the Inter
ference Unwarranted.
There is a clash between the graduates
of the Horace Mann School and the Board
of Education. It all came about over the
stand taken by the board, through the
principal, in the matter of the annual en
tertainment incident to the graduating
exercises-
Some days ago the senior class was in-
formed by the teachers that no entertain
ment would be permitted this year; it
took up too much time, and all that sort of
thing, and in addition to this the board
did not wish it. Of course the sweet girl
graduates entered an immediate and vig
orous protest. They pointed out the fact
that such a course was entirely without
precedent, and consequently was not to
be thought of for a moment.
The teachers were appealed to, argued
with and threatened by turns, but without
avail. Then the graduates held an indig
nation meeting, at which all sorts of se
vere tbingd were said and a resolution was
passed to hurl defiance at the powers that
be. Several meetings followed in quick
succession, resulting finally in a deter
mination to give an entertainment which
would outshine the efforts of previous
graduating classes.
Miss Alice Hagerman, Miss Vida C.
French and Miss Olive Truette were the
leaders in the movement, and they set
about at once to secure the best talent pos
sible. Several professionals volunteered
their services, assuring a successful affair.
The following is the programme as ar
ranged:
Overture, orchestra,; baccalaureate, Vida C.
French; vocal selection, '90 classes; recita
tion, Lucile V. Wall; trio, Jennie Williams,
Jeannette PatridKe, Gertrude A. Helmes; char
acter sketch, Ed He velkee; overture, orchestra ;
class prophecy (by Jean G. V. Oliver), read by
Lucile V. Wall; whistling solo, Miss Olive
Truette; farce, Edith Macßrolly; cornet solo,
Master Willie Bewey; tambourine dance,
Misses Kittle and Anna Roberts; piano duet,
Gertrude Grady and Addie Gilfether; recita
tion, Rae Irvin; tableau, poem dedicated to
'i)6ers (by Hayes C. French, M.D.), read by
Vida C. French ; grand march, led by Jean G.
V. Oliver and Rae Irvin.
One of tha features of the evening will
be an original poem by Dr. H. C. French,
dedicated to the graduating class of 1896.
The entertainment will be neld at Native
Sons' Hall on Valencia street, June 19,
and promises to be a lively and enjoyable
affair.
SLASHED WITH A RAZOR
John Hlgclns Commits a Murderous
Assault Upon John Donovan,
. - a Felloir-lioilgor.
John Higgins and John Donovan have
been rooming at 2589 Fifteenth street.
They have frequently quarreled, and last
night the quarrel was more than usually
bitter. - -*
Donovan went outside and sat on the
steps, and while there "Higglns crept up
behind him and slashed him -on both
cheeks and on the back of the neck with a
iazor. Donovan was taken to the German
Hospital, where his wounds were stitched
and dressed. They were deep, but not
dangerous.
Sergeant Perrin and mounted Police
men Winzler and Carson arrested Hig
gins ; and took him to the hospital, where
Donovan identified him as the man who
cut him. He was then taken to the Seven
teenth-street station and booked on the
charge of assault to muraer.
riles! Pile*! Mac's infallible Pile Care.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, itching
and protruding piles. - Price 50c. A. Mcßovle
ifc.Co., druggists, 504 Washington street. *
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, *UNE 7, 1896.
MITCHELL OF THE
SOUTH ON GAFFEY.
Leaders of the Fierce 'Los
Angeles Factions Are
Here.
GAFFEY IS "GRAFTING."
Mitchell Tells of the "Corrupt
Purity Crowd" and of Gaf
fey's Schemes.
HOT SHOT FOE GAVIN M'NAB.
Chairman Mott of the National Silver
Union Settles a Ca ifornia
Rivalry.
Tho Los Angeles County Democratic
fight, which is even fiercer than the riot in
Alarneda County, is in San Francisco now.
At least the chief leaders of the two fac
tions — the "long-hairs" and the "short
hairs," the "purity" and the "trinity"
crowds— are at the Palace Hotel talking
politics with politicians. They are John
T. Gaffey, Collector of Customs at Los
Angeles and tbe Daggett of the southern
Federal brigade, and Attorney John W.
Mitchell, who is talked of for Congress and
who has led the Santa Monica end of the
harbor tight down there.
The distinguished gentlemen are the op
posite poles of tbe battery that is in opera
tion down there. They represent the Fed
eral brigade and the anti-Federal brigade
elements; gold and silver, San Pedro and
Santa Monica, the ins and the out 3 and
the opposite shores of a boiling Tophet.
At the State Convention they will lead
the two parts of a sundered Los Angeles
County delegation. Perhaps they repre
sent the Buckley and anti-Buckley, Dag
gett and anti-Daggett sympathies of the
Los Angeles Democracy.
Il it was known what John T. Gaffey
will do or try to do at the convention it
could be told whether Gaffey will be for
the Buckleyites or for the Junta. It will
not make any difference to Gaffey, and all
will depend on which combination is the
most profitable to play.
Gaffey is part of (he Federal brigade and
must be ranged with Daggett where ad
ministration interests are concerned. He
is no enemy to Dagjjett and he has been
in close consultation with Daggett and
McNab, which same proceeding has small
significance, of course.
Gaffey wants to make his friend and the
author of his appointment a delegate at
larsre. But that will be no trick. White
is the only Southern man mentioned and
it will not require any particular combina
tions witli Geary, Pond and Murphy, the
gold candidates, or with Footo end
Maguire, the leading silver candidates up
here. The Buckleyites have indorsed
White and there is no open opposition to
him in the Junta.
But Gaffey and his friends wined and
dined Chri* Buckley and took him to
Santa Monica, when the latter was in
Los Angeles not long ago, though they
turned around and shouted that the other
faction was for Buckley. Gaffey talks
politics with the Buckleyites just as confi
dentially as with McNab and Daggett.
Mitchell is openiy aeainst the Junta,
and especially against McNab. The Los
Angeles County convention will not be
held until Saturday next, the 13th inst.,
but the prospects are that the Mitchell
faction will win two-thirds of the delega
tion and that their votes will oppose hand
ing the local party over to McNab, Rainey
and Daggett.
Gaffey is making every effort to prevent
Mitchell's election as a delegate and the
fight will be a hot and close one.
Mr. Mitchell talked yesterday about the
fierce and uncompromising struggle in his
own county and the prospects of the State
Convention. Mr. Mitchell's information
about Mr. Gaffey and the opposition na
furally has a value of its own through the
fact that he is not prejudiced in their
favor.
"I have taken little hand in the Los
Angeles fight," said Mr. Mitchell,
"t: rough niy absence in Washington for
six weeks just prior to the primary elec
tion. I am now up here on professional
business before the Supreme Court.
''From my latest advices I am able to
say that 25 to 30 of the 39 delegates. from
Los Aiueles County will be our friends,
and they will be for silver. lam advised
that George S. Patton, the Gaffey-
Herald-Purity candidate for chair
man of the County Convention,
will be beaten. My judgment is
that, in view of the bitter contest, an im
partial man, not identilled with either
faction, will be chosen, and that it will
likely be General George Merrill of Po
mona. The breach which has existed so
long appears to have widened, and the
fight in the convention will be a hot one.
'■The Federal brigade through Gaffey
and his friends have made great efforts to
capture the delegation. They colonized
precincts and elected some county conven
tion delegates thereby. My precinct, be
tween Los Angeles and Santa Monica, is a
amall one. It has never yielded more than
eight or ten Democratic votes. When I
got home and went to the poles late in the
afternoon I saw a wagon load ol Mexicans
wbich Gaffey had sent out to capture the
precinct. They cast twenty-seven votes
and won the precinct. This is the 'purity'
crowd which we have dubbed the 'purity
push.'
"They set up the 'Buckley !' cry against
us and tried to fasten the Buckley and
railroad collars on our necics. But when
Buckley was down there Gaffey and bis
friends took him to Santa Monica and
Gaffey gave him a banquet at his home. I
have yet to meet Buckley, and neither I
nor my friends had anything to do with
Buckley when he was there.
"But Gaffey will not get much of the
delegation. Collector Wise said to nit
yesterday that he exDected a solid gold
delegation from Los Angeles County. The
Federal brigade down there had been ex
pected to deliver Log Angeles County to
the Federal brigade here. But there will
bo silver men even among Gaffey 's dele
gates which he nnd the Herald can't hold.
What stand Gaffey wiil take I don't know.
He is acting under .administration orders,
but at the same timo must act with Sena
tor W r hite, who caused his appointment,
and who is supposed to be a silver man."
Mr. Mitchell was asked what he thought
Gaffey would play for at Sacramento and
he replied :
"He will be' first interested in the future
Senatorial fortunes of White. He hopes
by having n majority of the Los Angeles
County dolegation to control the nomina
tion for Congress in that district. To this
end he will doubtless try to get Patton
nominated again and to effect a combina
tion with the Populists.
"Gaffey is further interested in San
Pedro. He, Patton and others are inter
ested in lands down there and have b.een
fighting that harbor battle for years. They
have got planks into county convention
platforms favorable to San Pedro and will
try to get the Slate convention to indorse
San Pedro as tbe last one did, thou gh I
don't know what a State convention has
to do with naval harbor sites.
" lie appears to be here making combi
nations and is smart enough to play both
ends against the middle. Yesterday he
was in close consultation with McNab and
to-day he was with James H. O'Brien and
other so-called Buckleyites. He will, of
course, pull somebody's political leg.
"The opposition to'the Federal machine
throughout the State appears to be very
strong and this will cut a big figure in the
convention. The Federal brigade is against
a 'disappointed majority.'
''I think that the convention will make
a great mistake if it elects Gould as chair
man. He is wholly biased and is a partner
of the Daggett-McNab crowd. If these
fellows get their 161 votes on the
101 l and vote for the temporary
chairman and on their own contest
they may elect him and carry through
their programme, but it will be a sorry
day for the party when they do. The
country delegates should have a candidate
for chairman, and elect one who will be
impartial and act for the best interest of
the whoie party.
"Ail the anti-Gaffey people from my
county will be against the petty bosses up
here like McNab and his crowd. I think
that the petty tricks played by McNab,
like his turning out the gas, support the
judgment of Congressman Maguire that
the Junta is not the legal local committee,
if I were in the convention I would not be
willing to give McNab and his crowd half
a vote.
"As to this local fight I think the coun
try delegates ought to be impartial and
hear the evidence. If this matter is taken
up the convention should declare for some
plan to settle the differences and for the
election of a new County Committe at a
fair primary, held under impartial au
spices or under guarantees of fairness.
Such a plan I tried to present to the State
Central Committee, but Gould, who was
cracking through McNab's programme,
Ehut it out. It appears plain to me that
in San Francisco a small minority of .the
party, led by McNab, is trying to control
it. The Democratic principle that the
majority should rule should not be lost
sight of."
When Mr. Mitchell Was asked, if he
would be a delegate to the State^Conven
tion he said :
"I do not know. Perhaps the County
Committee will elect me, unless Gaffey
gets throu<?li a resolution that no member
of the County Committee may be a dele
gate. I shall not be at the convention
and I shall do nothing to secure election."
Yesterday Railroad Commissioner James
I. Stanton.'chairman of the Buckley State
convention delegation, notitiea Congress
man Maguire of his nomination at the
Fourth District convention held night
before last. The following reply was re
ceived from Washington yesterday :
James I. Stanton, San Franci'co: Telegram
announcing my nomination received. Tender
my sincere thanks to the delegates.
SILVER MEN AT WAR.
Mott Recognizes Baker, and Pepper
and Udell Will Get Up a
Contest.
The independent free-silver forces in
this State have split. Two machines seek
to control the incipient organization.
The size and the importance of this
muss depends on the extent to which the
inchoate silver party organizes after its
National Convention in St. Louis, which
is not apt to do more than indorse satis
factory candidates in the Democratic or
I'opulist parties, or in both.
The free-silver movement created all
sorts of organizations during the year or
two in which it had to get outside of
party lines to swing itself. There was
first the American Si-metallic League, or
jjanized at Salt Lake, of which A. J. War
ner was chairman,
This and two other organizations
merged into the American Bimetallic
Union organized at Washington, January
22 last, with A. J. Warner as president.
Early last year Enoch Pepper of Los
Angeles, Alva Udell and some others got
up ft silver party at Los Angeles.
Last August a State silver convention
was held in this City under the lead of
George W. Baker, < who became National
Committeeman for California in the ex
ecutive commute of the American Bime
tallic Union, formed in Washington last
January as stated.
Baker had thus become the representa
tive of the National organization j here.
There was also created last August a State
Executive Committee of three, composed
of George W. Baker, ; Thomas J. Glume
and Alexander Majors, the last being now
out of the State.
Some time ago Baker, in accordance
with instructions from Washington,
issued t a call for mass-meetings of
free-silver men by Senatorial districts,
to be held on June 15, through
out the State, for the* selection of
delegates to the National Silver Conven
tion at St. Louis. Some delegates at large
were to be appointed by the State execu
tive committee and the delegation was to
become a State Central Committee after the
National Convention.
•The other day the forgotten Pepper or
ganization bobbed into . view at Los An l
geles. Pepper had received a letter from
Chairman Mott which he construed into a
recognition of his organization as the State
silver machine.
At the same time Alva Udell blossomed
out in Montgomery streat as secretary of
the "State Executive Committee of the
American Bimetallic Party" and as di
rector of a big excursion to the National
Convention. ' There .- ! was .. th*n issued a
State call of Pepper's own.
It ordered conventions by Supervisorial
districts July 4 and Congressional conven
tions July 7, and recommended that tne
delegates chosen under Baker's call be con
firmed if apportioned according to Pep
per's call.
Pepper and Udell thus began a play to
capture the organization. Baker wired to
Mott and yesterday received a telegram
recognizing him and his call completely.
Mott also wired to Udell to the same effect.
This means that Baker's delegation and
authority is recognized by the National
Executive Committee.
But yesterday Mr. Udell wrote to Chair
man Mott declaring that Baker was a rail
road man, that the people would not loi
low him, and declaring that a contesting
delegation would be sent to the National
Convention. The tempest will not amount
to a great deal, however it turns out. Mr.
Baker yesterday addressed tha following
communication to The Call:
• " Saw Francisco, June 6, 1898.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: What purported to
be a press dispatch from Los Angeles appeared
in The Call under date of the4ih inst., to the
effect that the officers of the Bimetallic Union
in this State hud been changed by the National
committee, and that one Enoch Pepper of Los
Angeles had been appointed by J. J. Mott. who
is chairman of the National Executive Com
mittee, to the position of chairman of the com
mittee in this State. In response to a tele
gram of inquiry to Mr. Mott, I received to-day
the following reply :
Washington. D. C June 5, 1896.
O. W. Baker, Mills Building, San Iranctsco, Gal.'
Biraeinllists of California will recognize only
official - call for Kenatorlat district conventions
June 15 issued by G. W. Walker, chairman.
• , J. J. MUTT, Chairman.
■*■ The parties assuming to represent the execu
tive officers of the bimetallists in this State,
have issued calls for conventions differing
from those issued from these » headquarters,
and in order to correct the effect of these bogus
calls among your readers, I shall esteem it an
especial favor if you will insert this communi
cation in Sunday's Call. Very sincerely,
. ' G. W. Baker,
Chairman American Bimetallic Union for Cali
fornia.
Alva Udell's self-explanatory letter of
explanation, warning "J and defiance to the
chairman of the National Committee is as
follows: . :
San Francisco, June (>, 1806.
Hon. J. J. Mott, 'Washington, D. C— Dear Sir:
I am this day in receipt of your telegram stat
ing that tho "official call for conventions in
Senatorial districts June 15 must be acquiesced
in.". ■-." ■ ■ ■<:. .-.>.;■..■;-■ '. • ■■ • -\^«~
Thls call was signed by G. W. Baker, as chair
man oi the American Bimetallic League, a
non-political organization, whose membersafe
as liable to vo*e for one party as another, re
gardless of the free coinage issue.
In the call of the American Bimetallic party,
a copy of which is in transit to you, "it is rec
ommended that tha delegates chosen under
the call of tho chairman of the Bimetallic
League be contirmed," provided the delegates
so elected be apportioned to the Congressional
districts pursuant to the instructions of your
committee. You will tnerefore observe that
the call for conventions ia the Senatorial dis-
tries has heretofore been acquiesced in by our
committee, of which Hon. Enoch Pepper is
chairman.
In further reply will state that our call for
Congressional district conventions cannot be
withdrawn with any decency and self-respect
in the personnel of our committee. It may as
well ba understood that ia this community
and State it is generally believed that Mr.
Baker ia associated to a greater or less extent
with the law department of the Southern Pa
cific Company, of which G. P. Huntington is
preside ut.
Mr. Baker reserves to himself and his com
mittee a right to appoint a number of our del
egates to the National Convention, and the
delegates receiving credentials under his call
are to be ex-officio a State Central Committee
(luring the campaign. The most influential
member of the committee that appoints th^se
delegates has announced himself a Democratic
candidate for Congress, and the secretary who
attests their call is a delegate to the Populist
National Convention. This unholy alliance
proposes to appoint delegates and committee
men to control county and district conventions
that will undoubtedly have anti-funding reso
lutions to consider.
We hold your letter, dated May 22, in which
you guy to Mr. Pepper: "You are chairman of
the State Committee In authority over the
State, and have the power to name the com
mittees provisionally for the Congressional
districts, and to order the work." Under this
order we are acting; but in our call ■\ye waive
the appointment of committees provisionally,
and urge the people to arouse themselves, hold
county and district conventions, and pass upon
the character of every delegate that may be
appointed at the instigation of the managers of
the Southern Pacific Company. We had your
authority to order the work after you were
fully advised of the delay in organizing the
State.
We shall proceed wiih the task and, if need
be in any questionable case, appeal to the Na
tional Convention. It may as well be under
stood that in this State the demand iorthe free
coinage of silver is only equaled by the de/
termination of the people that Mr. Huntington
shall pay the debts he owes our Government
without waiting until the "Great Judgment
Day." The action of our National Convention
will determine whether we are to carry Cali
fornia for the free coinage of silver or not. Re
spectfully. Alva Udell,
Secretary of the American Bimetallic Party.
A TEREDO-PROOF PILE.
The Harbor Commissioners Have
Discovered One at
Las^t.
Found to B2 Intact After Being Ten
Years ia Use in the
Bsy.
The records in the office of the Board of
Harbor Commissioners present an inter
esting history of the effords made by it
to discover a teredo-proof pile. It has
sought long and earnestly for such a
device, but invariably the claims made by
On the Left Is a Section of an Ordinary Fir Pile Down Two Years, and on the
Kight Is a Section of » Teredo-Proof Pile Down Nine and a Half Years.
[Drawn Jrom the sections now on exhibition at the office of the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners.]
inventors of so-called teredo-proof piles
have, when put to a practical test, been
found to be of little or no value. It would
appear, however, that an exception to the
long list of failures has been made, and
the board seems to be of the opinion that
it has at last found a pile that will
withstand the ravages of the voracious
teredo. Its worth has been demonstrated,
as will be seen from the accompanying il
lustration made from sections of piling
now on exhibition in the office of the
Harbor Commissioners. The section
shown on the right is a portion of an or
dinary fir pile driven in section 2 of the
seawall in April, 1894, while on the left is
shown a portion of the teredo-proof pile
driven in October, 1886, both of which
were located within a short distance of
each other. : They were both taken up in
April, 1896. The common pile was so
badly damaged by the inroads of the
teredo after having been down but two
years that, when laid on the wharf, it
broke in two with its own weight. The
teredo-proof pile, which had been driven
for nine years and bis months, was found
to be nearly or quite as sound as : when it
was first driven. Its form of construction
is simple. In the center is a piece of tim
ber six inches square, about which are se
cured strips or boards secured alternately
at right angles to each other until the
proper thickness of diameter for the pile
has been reached, in building the pile
the central core is first smeared with a
preservative compound made of either
asphaltum coal tar or some similar sub
stance that prevents the decay of wood.
The strips are then nailed on opposite
sides of the core, being first coated with
the preservative compound. The outer
surface of the completed pile is protected
by an exterior coating or layer of the pre
servative compound.
A pile like this, that is absolutely teredo
proof, as a practical test has demonstrated
the one in question to be, will effect a vast
saving in the maintenance of the wharves
and docks along the water front.
• — ♦ ♦ ■
The Sultan of Turkey has a mania for
collecting carriages. He has nearly 500 of
them, ana often loses half an hour before
deciding in which one he will ride. ■
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
A Clear Cutting
In the price off all goods in the store has been made, to move
them quickly out of the way of the carpenters and masons mak-
ing; our alterations. These workmen are a necessary evil. We
wouldn't have them around only we must have the room and
the light the alterations will give us. Ihe only thing we can do
is to sell as much as we can as fast as we can ; can't make any
discrimination. Anything we sell means that much room, so
everything gets a horizontal cut. A few items give you the
key to all the rest.
AT BOTH STORES.
FIGURED VELOURS, for decorating, fur-
niture- covers, draperies," etc., choice and
complete line of colors, 27 inches wide.;
. Regular price SI a yard.
SALE PRICE; 750 a Yard.
FIGURED SILK VLVf.lt; handsome for piano
covers and decorative uses, new colorings
and designs, superb finish, 24-in. wide.
Regular price f1 60 and if'J a yard. - ' : - ■
SALE PKICE, -■ 51. 35 » Yard.'
FIGURED TAFFETA DRESS SILKS—
Didn't need to advertise these, price sold
them so fast ; only a few left. $1 and $1 25
values. ■ ■*-- ''■ '■ ' ■ ■ ' - . • '■■,'■
SALE FKIClfi, 500 a Yard.
LADIES' HILK VESTS, Swljs, Rlchellen and
' fancy ribbed, low neck, sleeveless, white,
{link, salmon, lavender and light b'ue.
; Regular price 1. •
SALE Pit ICE. 50c.
HANDKERCHIEFS, fancy bordered and
hemstitched lawn. Regularly 75c a dozen.
. SALE PRICE, 48c a Dozen.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS
& FROHMAN,
107-10? POST STREET and 1220-1224 MARKET STREET.
PRETTY MARIE MILLARD.
The Daughter of the Famous
Song- Writer Talks of Her
Coming Dabut.
She Will Sing in Opera for the First
Time in This City To-
Morrow.
Many people in this City remember
Harrison B. Millard, the well-known song
writer, who resided hero for some time,
with his two pretty daughters.
Florence married George B. Goodman
and settled down at Napa, and Marie went
East about four years aeo with her
father. Since that time Marie has blos
somed out into a promising young prima
donna, and to-morrow she will make her
San Francisco debut at the Tivoli in "Lor
raine." She is a bright, unaffected cirl,
with dark eyes, bronze hair and those
clear-cut features which make a better
stage appearance than any amount of doll-
Jike prettiness. Miss Millard haa a wiil
and determination of ncr own. She has
pushed herself to the front rapidly in her
profession, but she does not propose to re
main where she is; grand opera is her as
piration, and she is working now in order
to return to Paris and continue her
studies, to mane her debut at the Opera
Comique. . .
"People have been warning me so -about
California colds that I feel nervous and
want to secure a thrnat specialist right
away," she said yesterday. "When I was
hero before I heard nothing about colds.
You know I am anxious to make a good
appearance, for we lived here so long that
1 feel half a Californian.
"Did my father compose any songs here?
Yes, I remember Helen Jackson's book
made such a deep impression on him that
he sat down and wrote the words and
music of 'Kamona.' He always workeo
quickly when a subject took possession of
him, and he was deeply touched by the
story of 'Ramona. 1 "
Miss Millard still wears mourning for for
father. She lost him last September, and
the loss was more to her than to most
daughters, for they had been constant and
sympathetic companions. When she first
joined the De Wolf Hopper Company and
made her first stage debut in "Wang"
Harrison B. Millarci was alwnys with her
and accompanied her when the company
went on a tour. Alter a few months the
song-writeT's health grew too feeble to ad
mit of his traveling and Marie at once
gave up the stage and settled for tbe win-
ter in New York, where she sang at Dr.
Parkhurst's church.
When summer came on the father and
daughter went to Paris.where Marie studied
with Professor Trabedello, with whom
Emma tames is now passing operas. The
professor said if she would stay a year he
would guarantee her a debut at the Opera
Comique, but a year in Paris, with a lesson
every day, means a small fortune, so tne
end of the summer found Miss Mi Hard
back in New York ready to resume her du
ties at Dr. Parkhurst'." church. Speaking
of the Parisian teachers yesterday she
said:
"AmericaTS flock to Marchesi, but when
you come to think of it, there is a great
disadvantage attached to her school.
Marchesi gives lessons In classes, and after
being present for two or three hours, yon
find that individually you have not had
fifteen minutes' teaching to yourself. Yon
want a long, long time to make real pro
gress at that rate."
Last summer Miss Millard went to Bos
ton to create a part in the '"Spnynx, " a
comic opera, in which she made an imme
diate hit. She afterward toured with the
"Sphynx" organization, and attracted at
tention wherever she appeared. A num
ber of dramatic critics have .predicted
success for her ia the higher walks of
opera, to which she aspires.
In mating "excelsior" her motto, Marie
Millard believes that she is carrying out
the wishes of her faiher, who loved music
for its own sake, and who wrote songs
which have been sung all over tbe world.
If an international copyright foT American
songs had existed, MiJlard would have
been a rich man. "Waiting" and "When
the Tide Comes In" are Known aud sung
in every village aud hamlet in England,
but their trana- Atlantic popularity never
brought a cent to the comnoser, who died
a poor man. He was rich in frionds, how
ever, and there are many of them who
take a Keen interest in his daughter's San
Francisco debut to-morrow.
A new material for the making of pipes
has been found in turkey bones. These
bones are said to make the most perfect
stems imaginable. Tt c substance i3 light
porous and resists the pressure of the
teeth. Smoke drawn through the turkey
bone is cool and sweet.
BELTS- kid, rednced to 250 ; new
greens, tabs, blacks, new odd- shaped
booties, leather covered and oxidized,
Dresden silk, gilt and silver belts- i
25c. '35c. 50c, COc, 75c and 81 .00.
CHENILLE DOTTED VEIL* -Honlton lace
bor.ler, navies and blacks, lVa yards love.
Begular price 40c. *
SAIE PBICE, 85c.
Novelties In Veilings just opened. '
wash FABRICS.
STRIPED GRASS I,A\VNB, In blact, pto*.
red, light and medium blue, etc., Si inches .
wide, regular price 15c a yard. .
SALE rillCE, 12Vgo a Yard.
CREPONS, In pin*, blue, green, buff (tripes
and some iridescent effects, light and airy -
for summer wear. KegulHr la ; Vac and l&o.
SALE I'UIOE, go a lard.
FANCY DIMITIES, In about 20 different
v styles, all the latest patterns In striped,
figured and scroll effects, 30 Inches wide.
Regularly l^Vao, lEoand 20c a yard.
SAlTli PRICK. 100 a Yard.
WONDER-
A Remedio-Treatment That Is
the Maral of the Cen-
tury.
Thousands Cured— Prematurely
Old Men Made Vigorous and
. Powerful— How It Was Dis-
covered.
IT IS HARMLESS.
Positive Cures Have Been Made end
Years Allowed for Relapses, So It
Is Now an Assured Fact — Interested
Parties Should Investigate.
' There is no gainsaying the fact that I
am always in search of the novel, the new,
and for this very reason I went up to the
big white building on Market street to
talk about the wonder-worker of. wnich so
much has been said lately. The scientific
gentleman with whom I conversed tried to
carry me into thin air and dropped me on
a star, but as 1 proposed only to glean
facts and tangibility, whenever he dis-
coursed on the possibilities I politely
listened but brought him back to the
point, to the point of fact. Indeed, he
bristled with fact.-* and figures when it was
stuck to him. Said the doctor: "We have
been us'ng the Hudyan rcmedio-treatment
in the Hudson Medical Institute for five
years, and we are now prepared to say that
it is the greatest wonder-worker in the
world. Our statistics prove that ninety-
eignt out of every one hundred cases that
we have undertaken were entirely cured in
a given time, and the two per cent lost were
cases that it wag impossible for any one
to do anything with. It is a certain thing
that the great Hudyan remedio-treatment
is the first discovery of the age. It is a
boon to man. Young men when suffering
from failing manhood, bad dreams, melan-
cholia and nervous troubles brought on by
dissipation, abuse, etc., can be speedily
cured if they bat follow the advice that
goes with the remedio-treatment.
•'You want to see some testimonials,"
said the doctor to me. Of course I did,
and I minutely inspected four huge
volumes of testimonials, and I can truth-
fully . say - that these ■ testimonials con-
vinced me* that the Hudyan remedio-
treatment is a great boon to man. I
asked the doctor if^Hudyan was procurable
in any place outside of this institution and
he replied, "that the great Hudyan could
not be procured in any part of the world
except at the Hudson Medical Institute."
So any one who wished information con-
cerning the great Hudyan must either
write or call to the Hudson Medical In-
stitute for
IcitoAßSaiui TEmMiiM]
As it is well known the Hudson Medical
Institute occupies the white building at
the junction of Stockton, Market and. Ellis
streets. The private entrance for this in-
stitution is No. 5 Stockton street.
AH curable disorders are treated at the
Hudson Medical Institute, although it is a
fact that the specific remedio treatment,
Hudyan, is used more often than any
other treatment, because the doctors of the
Hudson Medical Institute are especially
successful in diseases of men. I asked the
doctor what was the greatest trouble with
which be bad to combat in these cases,
and he told me that many men had a false
pride, a false modesty, and waited and
waited until it was almost too late before
they made application for the Hudyan
treatment. Said the doctor: "It is a fact
that the Hudson Medical Institute is not a
charitable institution, nevertheless hun-
dreds and hundreds have been cared at no
cost to themselves.. In many cases mothers
pay for their son's treatment unknown to
the son." Any one wishing further in-
formation concerning the great remedio-
treatment, Hudyan, should call or write to
the doctors of the Hudson Medical Insti-
tute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets, '
and receive free their ' • '■}}'
j iDIRCULAUS and TESTIMOIII AL^ ;
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
- MEANS STANDARD OP MBSUT.
I 'fit- 1 ; • y ■ , i a
DON'T THAT FENCE HURT
Your trade ?— ls a question we are asked every
clay, and onr answer is: I'ernapi it does, but you
see we are offering such bargains, and giving such
Inducements to onr customers that they are more
than pleased to Walk around tbe obstruction, and
in consequence our business is more than holding
its own. \V« recognize the fact that we must sell
cheap if we wish to do business and we are selling
Shoes and Oxfords cheaper than they were ever
offered before In tiji* city. Tills week we are bpll-
in?Ladi<vT Russet Oxfords, with Pointed Toes and
Tips and Hand-tnrneU Roles, tor $1.00. We have
them In C, D and £ «i Iths.
Webavpftgolld wearing /Jjjk't /a^
lino or Misies* Ironfnla rTt I I Jt J
Kid Button Shoes, witli I^ — ■• J^- *
Patent .Leather Tips and P 'sy^«
Spring heels, which we 1 •< f
will Mil lOr 81.00 per ' I ~V \
pair. They fit well, wear I -%) J
well, and are well . worth • Jr^f i I
much more than we are .^»**' *i
asking for them. We >^V^ \
carry them D and X wide.
MGT Country orders solicited.'
W Bend 'or ■"<«» Illustrated Catalogs.
Address KATCHINSKf,
B. KATCHINSKF,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
WAGOSS. CARRIAGES AID HARASS.
:^«aaSsBS3te» ■ : Fifty per cent saved!
' V ..T'UVUH HKuiuiar ' Factory prices— Send
\ JVcKiffi * Carts., $15t6JP35
—as /tcPS iL Kußgies $75t0*r25
jt&JBg^TV Cnrrlafieg..sloo to $20
MPSUJI/jk Wagons.... »5U to«ll>0
A^BiMßEgagg Yr\ Harness #8 to fib
™|SmCTIPHCi „ \ v "o »liip everywhere.
•VWWOVXIAr VsZ Carriage Co., SSi^in
Nltf^ VL\y*jJ Jfeh» Carriage Co., 36y a t»
..-■"■'■* """■*"* 41 Vi Fremont st., &i'TO TAKE TAXES
OFF IMPROVEMENTS
"The Only Way in Which
to Bring Back Pros
perity."
SINGLE TAX AS THE KEY
So Declared Joseph Leggett to
the Mission Defense
Union.
HOW IT MAY BS EFFECTED.
Removing All Taxes Successively
Except a Single Tax Upon
Land Values.
At the meeting of the Mission Defense
"Union last night at Twentieth and Guer
rero streets the secretary announced that
during the past week fifty new members
bad been added to the roll.
Xo regular business was transacted last
evening, the club listening to an addres^
by Joseph Leggett, vrho, by request, spoke
on tbe subject of the single tax. President
Grady introduced the speaker, declaring
that his subject, '"Taxation," was one of
the most important questions with which
they, as members of an improvement club,
•were concerned.
In the course of his address, which was
listened to attentively by a larse audience,
Mr. Leggett said:
•Members of an improvement club
Bhould, of all others, be single-taxers. for
Bingle-taxers are sticklers for improve
ment; so anxious are they that they wish
to take taxes of every kind from all im
provements. If th«» single tax were now
in operation there would be no such black
mailing suits as the one which this club is
organized to resist. What is it that these
blackmailing plaintiffs are after? Is it the
land? No, it is not the land, but the value
that you and I and the members of this
community have put into it.
"If that Value was taken by the commu
nity which makes it there would be no
such suits as these, for there would be no
object in bringing them.
"The single taxers are Kindly inclined to
all propositions that wili tend toward im
provement, but they believe that the
fundamental point io be considered to
encourage improvement is the question of
the taxation of land.
'•Look about you on all sides and con
sider everything that is an object of
human desire. Everything you see is a
product of the Jand. If you inquire what
haa brought them to the form "which
makes them objects of human desire you
must realize that human labor, and that
only, has brought them to their present
form. Our fundamental proposition is
that this labor shall have free and univer
sal access to that land.
"This, we maintain, is the one impor
tant question that confronts us. Some
declare that the money question is the
Sn jEI "■ anß ■" Bi Tt US BH JSD KB mI
WAS A TRACT I IS A TOWN ! ! WILL BEfA CITY ! ! !
FITCHBURQ IS THE MOST PICTURESQUE SPOT ON THE SAN LEANDRO ROAD.
RIVALING ALAMEDA AS A CHOICE RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
It Already Has a Hotel, a Well Attended School and Many Residences, a Church Built, Stores, a Splendid 5. P. R. R. Depot Constructed; in Fact, FITCHBURQ .
is Becoming a Thriving Railroad Town. Select Your Lots Before it is TOO LATE.'
KSAIOtrfiAZ A / tP/ed/np'ntr
I I1T<; ft ami f, n v In n 11/' '^SHBife^'/' lots » si?s, $1, $ss, $a
TITLE PERFECT. IBf ***'*£^^tfktfs ONLY 10 PER CENT CASH !
Take Your Family Out a Few Minutes on the Hay wards and San Leandro Electric Road, or the Southern Pacific, and Get Off at
PITCHBURG !
This Beautiful Place Is Years Ahead of the Surrounding Country in Improvements. Blocks Are Well Laid Out, the Broad Streets Graded and Graveled and
Lined With Evergreen Hedges, While Luxuriant Gum and Cypress Trees Beautify the Town.
CLIMATE UNSURPASSED! NO FOGS! NO DUST! NO DISAGREEABLE WINDS!
EXCELLENT "VV-A-TEIR. FACILITIES! SCHOOL!
Forty Minutes from San Francisco; 20 Minutes from the Business Center of Oakland. The Only Property on the Market Fronting on Both the S. PR, R.
and the Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards Electric Road. STATIONS ON BOTH LINES. No Lot More Than Three Blocks from the Railroad.
- TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS OPPORTUNITY WHILE PRICES ARE LOW!
THAD. S. FITCH, Fitchburg. ..«2£JLJSSSi£&~~-.
4
most important. But the money question
is merely a question of exchange of wealth.
Solve the money question successfully and
you still have tne few multi-millionaires
and the many who have nothing. Tlio
difficulty, we maintain, is not in tne ex
change, but in the distribution of wealth.
Taxation is the only means by which
wealth can be distributed.
"The cause of the present unequal dis
tribution of wealth is that the power of
taxation has been delegated to a few cor
porations and monopolies, and has there
by "tended to aggregate wealth in the
hands of a few.
"Who have created the values that now
exist in this community? Have you, or I,
or the Noe heirs made them? No, the
value have been created by all of us. To
whom, then, should these values go? By
any system of right or justice they should
go only to the community— to those who
made the values. What a man makes
should go to the man; what a community
makes should go to the community.
"Our method of reaching our end is
extremely simple. We propose to elim
inate the taxos, one by one, until all are
gone but the single tax on land values.
In this State we are handicapped by the
■work of the 'wise men' who in 1879 or
dained that taxes should be paid on all
property. Since then legislative enact
ments have endeavored to make people
pay taxes on money, mortgages, etc. It
is the boldest, baldest kind of a delusion
to suppose that a man pays a tax on
money.
"If a tax is pnt upon a man's money or
goods he merely passes it along and
makes the person to whom he sells his
goods or lends his money pay the increased
t&x
"Of all reforms our is the least revo
lutiouary. We unite and work with any
body who is willing to abolish any specific
tax. We voted to abolish tbe tax on the
farmers' trees and vines; we will vote to
j abolish the tax that is put on every man
between the ages of 21 and 60 because he
wears a beard, and so on until all but the
one tax are gone.
"Xecessaniy the increased tax will go to
the land and its improvements. When
we once get rid of the tax upon personal
property, the tax on buildings and im
provements must quickly follow. People
will see the unfairness ot fining a man for
putting up buildings, and thus employing
men and improving the neighborhood.
This is the final logical step in the series
which will inaugurate the single tax, and
make men truly free by giving them free
access to the universal storehouse wbicn
nature has provided for man."
PLAINT OF A FRESNO WIFE.
Mrs. W. F. Hanke Causes Her Husband's
Arrest for Cruelly.
FREBNO, Cal., June 6.— Ex-Snpervisor
"W. F. Hanke was to-day arrested for
threatening the life of his wife. Mrs.
Hanke has brought suit for a divorce, and
papers were served on her husband to day.
She alleged cruelty. Shortly after the
papers were served npon him Hanke went
to his wife's room at the Grand Central
Hotel. He struck her a number of times
and threatened to kill her.
After he left the rooms Mrs. Hanke went
before Justice St. John and tiled a com
plaint. Hanke was arrested and arraigned
and held on $1000 bonds, which he pro
cured.
While hunting for bondsmen, in com
pany with an officer, Hanke attempted to
attack Joseph Weil, whom he charged
with being the cause of his matrimonal
troubles.
The officer had hard work to prevent an
encounter. Hanke wa3 formerly one of
the most prominent citizens of Fresno
County, but drink got the better of him.
Santa liarb <ra Heturns.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 6.— J.
W. Taggart (R.) was to-day elected School
Trustee over Charles A. Thompson (D.)
by a vote of 804 to 432. Local issues were
involved and the contest was exciting.
Tilh feAJN JbKAJNCISCO CALL, SUiNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
Miss Don M. Cann, one of California's most beautiful girls, has decided to
adopt the vocal stage as a profession. She is a handsome brunette, quite tall,
and has a queenly presence. Her hair is jet black and she has large black eyes.
Mis 3 Cann Is known to a large circle of friends ns a songstress of more than
ordinary gifts. Many of them have told her that her proper place is in the
East, and she is ambitious to become more than an ordinary singer. Miss Cann
will make her debut as a California girl with a repertoire of songs by California
composers. She will make her farewell appearance here next week at Metro
politan Temple with Alexander Black's picture play, "Miss Jerry."
FOLSOM'S NEW INDUSTRY.
The Pock-Crushing Plant Started in the
Presence of Several Hundred
Visitors.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 6.— The
initial step in a move for good roads
throughout the State was taken to-day
when the rock-crushins: plant at Folsom
prison was formally opened. The Bureau
ot Highways and Prison Directors pro
vided a special train from this city to con
vey their invited guests to Folsom, and
some 300 representative men of Northern
California were present.
Stockton was represented by Mayor
Boggs and Superintendent of Streets Bid
well. Arthar Thornton of New Hope, San
Joaauln Cofcnty, was also one of the party.
San Franci'co's representatives were
George T. Bromley and Daniel E.JHayes
of the Union Iron Works, and Senator J.
H. Mahoney. Sacramento was largely
represented, as were all neighboring
towns.
At the prison tbe rock-crusher was
started in the presence of the guest?, and
in twenty minutes forty tons of rock was
crushed "into road metal, the plant work
! ing without a hitch. After inspecting the
power-house atul prison, a bounteous
lunch was partaken of.
Speeches were made by Thomas McCon
nell, the pioneer mover in the good-road
enterprise; E. D. McCabe, on behaif of the
Governor; ' Professor Marx of Stanford
University; George T. Ma rye, regent
of the University of California; J.
A. Woodson of the Record - Union
delivered a brilliant address on "The
Press of the State." and "Uncle" Georpe
T. Bromley of San Francisco made
tbe hit of ttiedayinhis address on "Bad
Roads"; Warden Cbarle? Aull spoke on
"Convict Labor" and L. H. Lang of Stock-
I ton responded to a toast.
SUED FOR HIS
GROOM'S CARE.
Millionaire Walter Hobart
Before the Justice
Court.
A DOCTOR'S LITTLE BILL
The Hero of the Horse Show
Did Not Recognize the
Demand.
IN THE COLLECTOR'S HANDS.
Served With Summons in the Action
on the Day of His Mar
riage.
It is seldom that such a email matter as
an unpaid doctor's bill gets a multi- !
millionaire before the courts, but that is
jnst what has happened to young Walter
Hobart, whose winnings at the horse show
made many of his rival exhibitors green
with envy.
It was through a distressing incident of
this very social function that Hobart be
came entangled with the law and has been
sued in the justice courts.
While some of his blooded stock was
being exhibited in tbe judging ring one
of tlie horses became nervous over the
ordeal ana began lashing out with his
hoofs. Harry Archer, one of the million
aire's grooms, was standing behind the
restive horse and was struck by one of the
flying hoofs and dashed to tbe ground.
A scene of excitement at once ensued,
women screaming and attendants rushing
to pick up the man, who was apparently
very badly hurt. In the midst of tb.9 up
roar Hobart dashed into the ring, and
S6> ing that Archer was much injured
called loudly for a' doctor.
Dr. Edwin Bunnell of 21 Powell street
happened to be in the audience and made
his way into the ring.
"I want you to take good care of that
man," said Hobart. "Do the very best
you can for him and send the bills to me.
iS'ever mind the expense."
From a man of Hobart's financial and
social standing such a request bore more
than ordinary weight and Dr. Bunnell
worked long and hard over the stricken
groom. The nature of the man's injuries
made tbe case a difficult onu, and he was
compelled to remain up one entire night
watching at his bedside, besides making
many other visits. The man finally re
covered. He assessed his charges at $50,
which be deemed to be just and reason
able, and sent Hobart a bill. No response
being forthcoming he sent a second de
mand, that was as unproductive as the
first.
Then, becoming a little impatient, the
doctor made a personal demand for his
fee, but was met with the curt statement
that Mr. Hobart did not consider that he
owed the physician anything.
"We will see about that," was Dr. Bun
nell's only answer, and he straightway
hied him to Jacob, surnamed Raver, who,
in his day, has sued dukes, star actresses,
lords, millionaires and other notables,
and made known tha,t Hobart was in
debted to him in the sum of $50 and re
lused io pay. Nothing daunted, Raver
sent a notification to Hobart that $50
must be forthcoming or a suit would be
instituted.
After waiting the stipulated period an
action was brought, and on the very day
that Hobart was wedded to Miss Wil
liams, and just as he was bringing her
home to his handsome country residence,
the summons was served on him.
Thus far, though but two days of the
period allowed to answer remain, he has
failed to Bay why he deems the claim un
just, and Raver's chances for a judgment
by default are good.
RED GULCH DISASTER.
A Teamster Torn to Shreds by the Ex
plosion of Powder He Was .
Hauling.
REDDING, Cal., June 6.— A horrible
accident occurred this morning on the
Redding and Trinity Center road, between
French Gulch and Trinity center, in which
Paul Wollendorff, aged 28 years, of this
city, lost his life.
Wellendorff was a teamster employed in
hauling freight between this oity and the
oinnabar mines. He left Redding on
Monday with a load composed in part of a
number of kegs of black powder, to be used
in blasting in the -mines of Trinity County.
When near Morgan's ranch the powder
exploded. The wagons were blown to
piec«s, the horses killed and young Wel
lendorff shockingly mangled.
The cause of the explosion is not
known.
The powder was either ignited from a
cigar slump dropped by the teamster, or
ehe a severe jolt caused the combustion.
Wellendorff was well known here. About
a year ago his brother. Will Wellendorff,
lost his life in an accident at tbe Shasta
Lumber Company's mill, in this county.
SACRAMENTO SENSATION.
Treasurer Dronan of the Pressmen's
Union Charged WJLth Embezzlement.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., .Tune 6. —John E.
Dronan, treasurer and secretary of the
Sacramento Printnii: Pressmen's Union, a
substantial labor organization of this
city and a branch of the Interna
tional Piinting Pressmen's Union of
North America, is short in his accounts
and a warrant for his arrest on a charge of
embezzlement has been applied for and
will probably be issued as soon as it can be
ascertained that the union is an incor
porated organization.
The reported amount of the alleged
embezzlement is $210, but it is claimed to
be far in excess of this amount. Dronan
refuses to produce the dooks of the union,
and it is claimed, he has made away with
them.
It is also claimed that when taxed with
his malfeasance he displayed a bankbook
with reputed deposits of $125, and that in
quiry at the banfc developed that he had
but $4 on deposit and that he had falsified
the book.
Friday Morning Club Officer*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. June 6.— The Fri
day Morning Club elected officers yester
day morning between tbe hours of 9 and
11 o'clock. The election resulted as fol
lows: President, Mrs. Margaret Collier
Graham; first vice-president, Mrs. 8. S.
Salisbury; second vice-president, Mrs.
Frank Wiggins; secretary, Mrs. John A.
Walls; treasurer, Mrs. W. L. Graves. The
board of directors are as follows: Miss
Jennie E. Collier, Mesdames G. Strecke
wald, Eila P. Hubbard, Frank A. Gibson
George H. Wadleieh, C. D. Willard, Sarah
F. Judson, R. C. Whiting.
TOW to-pat:
That Clutching
Sensation
at the Heart
is almost instantly dispelled
by a swallow of Vino-Kolafra,
the African Tonic made from
Sterculia Nuts. Vino-Kolafra
governs heart action as the
fly-wheel regulates machin-
ery: it cures hysteria . and
nervousness. <T;
Vino-Kolafra
annihilates fatigue, gives
strength and tone to the body,
and rapidly builds up con-
valescents after severe illness.
A glance at the names of the
endorsers of Vino - Kolafra
" will convince you that it is a
product of unusual impor-
tance.
Sold by Dftiggkts Generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
JOHNSOS & JOHJJSOW, Selling Agents,
9 a William St., New Yorlu'
1 si
The delights of cycling are
enhanced by owning a thor-
oughly high-grade wheel. Such
a wheel is the PIERCE. Every
detail perfect. Easy running.
STILISH AND GRACEFUL
$100 and $75.
One of our many models will
suit you. Call or write for
catalogue.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOJ,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale Sts., 223 J Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. SACRAMENTO.
910
WILL GO HOME
IN HER COFFIN,
Pretty Miss Mayne Wor
rall Dies Suddenly in
the Palace Hotel.
AUTOPSY TO BE HELD.
A Wealthy Girl Who Was Mak
ing a Tour of the World
Alone.
HER LOVER WENT INSANE.
Max Brandenstein Asks Friends in
Lj-ndon by Cable What to Do
With the Remains.
Miss Mayne Worrall of Chester Lodge,
Gilston road. South Kensington, London,
England, a highly connected and accom
plished girl, about 22 years old, died sud
denly in her room at the Palace Hotel
about 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
She was traveling around the world alone.
The cause of her death appears to ba
heart disease, but it is quite possible that
ar. autopsy, which will be held to-day,
may reveal other causes of death.
Mis? Worrall arrived in this City last
Thursday from Australia on the steamship
Alameda. She was met at the dock by
Max .1. Brandenstein of M. J. Branden
stein & Co., tea importers of this City.
Brandenstein & Co. had received a letter
from Ramsay <fe Co., their London corre
spondents, asking them to* meet Miss
Worrall and see that she was provided
with a suitable hotel and to render her any
other assistance that she might need.
Mr. Brandenstein found Miss Worrall in
company with congenial friends and she
expressed a preference to remain in their
company and went to the Palace. Among
these friends were several San Francisco
residents known to him. One of these
was John Herman, a young man and
member of an old San Francisco family.
The young lady appeared to be in good
spirits when she landed, and has been en
joying herself since her arrival in the City
with the friends and acquaintances she
made aboard ship. Last Friday she was
out at the Cliff House wita a party, and in
the evening she was escorted to the Bald
win Theater by Mr. Herman. He left her
at the Palace about 11 o'clock.
Yesterday morning about 11 o'clock Mr.
Herman called at the room of Miss
Worrall, but received no response to his
rap on the door. He called again about 1
o'clock. She called to him to come in.
He found her in bed. She said she was
feeling quite ill. He advised her to let
him call a physician, and he went over to
the office of Dr. L. E. Whitney, near by,
and summoned him.
Mr. Herman returned to the room of the
young lady. He found her lying on the
floor en dishabille and semi-conscious. A
window of her room had been opened, sug
gesting the idea that during his absence
she had been seized with a fainting spell,
had rushed to the window for air and had
alien over on the floor. He replaced her
on the bed, and by that time Dr. Whitney
arrived.
The physician was seen last night at his
rooms in the Palace. He said: 7> I found
the young lady gasping for breath. She
had very little pulse, and her face and feet
were blue. She went into a spasm and
had several of them.
"They appeared to be epileptic. Finally
she had no pulse at ail, and I gave her a
hypodermic injection. Her pulse was
still so low that I could not hear her heart
beat. She gasped for breath. I sent for
Brigham. and she died shortly after he ar
rived. She apparently died from heart
failure."
"If she died by poison what poison do
the symptoms indicate?" the doctor was
asked.
''I would say strychnine. The autopsy
will determine that. I understand the
Coroner will hold one."
The remains of the young lady were
taken in charge by the Coroner. They are
at Porter Brothers' establishment.
Attorney H. Brandenstein has been ap
pointed to take charge of her effects. Her
baggage consists of several trunks, and
the valuables found in fcfer room com
prised about $250 and about $1000 worth of
jewelry.
Max Brandenstein cabled Ramsey & Co.
yesterday afternoon the facts of her death
and assed for instructions.
Dr. Whitney says that Mr. Herman said
to him that Miss Worrall told him aboard
ship that her lover in England had gone
insane.
She expected to take a train for New
York and Chicago to-day on her return to
England. ____^_______
WANTS CLEARY ARRESTED
Favor Anxious to Have the
Customs Inspector Placed
Out of Harm's Way.
C aims to Have Evidence Against
Other Federal Employes—Dis
missal of Presbury.
The release of Charles Favor, the arrest
of Customs Inspector Michael T. Cleary,
and the summary dismissal of Chinese In
spector Presbury, have set the tongues of
tbe Custom-house scandal-mongers wag-
Yesterday Favor procured a warrant for
the- arrest of Cleary upon the charge of
making threats to kill. Up to a late hour
Jast night ttie belligerent Inspector had
managed to evade the officers of the law.
Favor says that since he was released
from the County Jail, Cleary has made his
life miserable by continued threats to "put
a hole in his head." The trouble is said
to be due to an abortive attempt on the
part of the Inspector to have Favor swear
that he knew nothing whatsoever of any
"peculiar" transaction on his part. Favor
refused positively to do this, hence the
trouble.
He asserts that at least two other in
spectors axe guilty of wrongdoing, and
now that he is under fhe guardianship of
Special Agent of the Treasury Moore will
tell all that he knows.
In consequence of these bold assertions
cold chills are said to be pursuing each
other down the spinal columns of the
"guilty." The department at Washington
is fully advised of the existing condition
of affairs, and not a few changes may be
expected during the next few days. : .■"■■:
The removal of Chinese Inspector Pres
bury has also set the wise heads guessing.
The statement is now made that it is the
•work of Special Agent Moore, and that
otner dismissals may be expected. "
: : — • — — * ' '■ — —
Restore* Campos' Popularity.
MADRID, Spaih, June The Govern-
ment has submitted the matter of a duel
between Marshal Martinez Campos and
General Barrero to the Supreme Court of
! Military ami Naval Appeals. The excite
ment occasioned by the threatened duel
continues to grow.* The affair has restored
much of Marshal Campos' popularity.
GREAT PIGEON RACE.
Leydecker and Richards to Compete
for the Championship of Northern
California and Oregon.
A number of carrier pigeons will be
liberated from Ashland, Or., at 5 o'clock
this morning. The race will be for the
championship of Northern California and
Oregon.
It is believed that if the weather be
clear and there be very little wind the
birds should reach the lofts in from nine
to ten hours.
The air line distance to T. W. Leydeck
er's loft in Alameda— he being the owner
of a number of the birds — is 318 miles.
The distance to the loft of J. Richards in
Valleio, who owns the rest of the birds, is
293 miles.
The numbers and sex of the birds owned
by Leydecker are as follows:
X 273, cky-hlue hen; X 176, blue check
cock ; V 134, sky-blue cock ; X 169, red hen ;
X 482, sky-blue cock; T 161, blue check cock.
The following are Richards' birds:
I 29 (86), blue check cock; 480, blue Check
hen; HC3, red check cock.
SHOT BY C4XBI ROBBERS.
Masked Men Raid n Saloon, and Wound
the I'ropr\etor.
OREGON CITY, Ob., June 6.— Conrad
Neibert, a Canby saloon-keeper, was shot
through the body last night by one of two
men who attempted to rob him. It was
about 10 o'clock and Neibert had just
locked tbe front door preparatory to going
At the Press Club Jinks Last Evening as President C. M. Coe Arose to Welcome the Guests of the
Evening. In the Corner Appears the Portrait of Judge Hunt, the Popular Solomon of the Supe
rior Court, Department 5, Who Sired the Notable Event.
to his home. There was a knock at the
door and Neibert opened it. Two masked
men stepped in, covered the saloon-keeper
with a revolver and demanded that he
throw up his bands.
Niehert did not throw up his hands, but
ran for the rear door, to reach which he
had to pass through an arch and another
{ door.
He was in the act of closing the innjer
door after having passed through it when
one of his assailants fired, sending a 44
--caliber bullet through the door panel, the
ball shattering the ena of Weilaert's left
thumb and entering his left side below the
heart. It ranged slightly upward and
came out at the right side.
Over 130,000 canaries are sent every year
to the United States and Canada from the
Hartz Mountains, Prussia.
N»t C. Goodwin, accompanied by George Appleton, arrived here last night
direct from New York. Mr. Goodwin appears at the Baldwin Theater in Augus
tus Thomas' latest comedy-drama success, "In Mizzonra," which has achieved
even a greater popularity than the charming bit of local coloring, "Alabama, "
by tbe same author. The comedian* company has been here for the past week
awaiting his arrival, he having been appearing with the all-star cast of "The
Rivals" up to last Saturday night, when the final performance was given in
New fork. The tour of the troupe has been a phenomenal one, and the players
were received everywhere with packed houaea.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
"A FIG FOR CARE —
A FIG FOR WOE."
The Press Club Celebrates
Its Midsummer
Jinks.
JUDGE HUNT WAS SIRE.
A Distinguished Gathering En
joys a Bohemian
Bout.
WIT AND SONG AND STOBY.
"Everything Went but the Cock,"
as They Siy in Owl
Circles.
The Press Club had its midsummer jinks
last evening and Bohemia will draw a
bright red circle around the date.
Not that Bohemia, in so far as it was
present, could forget it, but it would re
mind Bohemia, in so far as it was not
present, that it had, on that day missed
something.
Judge Hunt wearing, among other
things, a wide halo of blue sniofce, sired
the affair in his own fashion.
The hours were told off in song and
story and cigars and refreshments and
such easy-flowing merriment that their
passing was not marked, and it was along"
toward morning and the midsummer jinks
were over before it occurred to any man to
look at the clock.
The rooms of the club were filled with
its members and guests. Among them —
members and guests — were nearly all the
Judges of the county courts and many
prominent attorneys.
A stage had been erected at the right of
the big reception-room and beside the
famous fireplace, thus brinping the tire
within view from every part of the room,
which was not the case at the w inter jinks,
when the fire's position was in the alcove.
Every piece of furniture that might
prove an obstruction had been removed,
and a fair field for a good time was pre
sented. The rooms were tastefully, not
elaborately, decorated, ferns and green
things being effectively placed, and just a
proper touch of color being given by fes
toons of bright ribbons.
NAT C. GOODWIN.
Judge Hunt assumed his active duties
as sire a iittle after 9 o'clock, and thence
forward the strings were loosed and
"everything went but the clock."
The Judge perpetrated a joke or two
oi his own and then introduced R. Flet
cher Tiiton as the sire of the musical end
of the affair, and did it so eloquently that
Mr. Tiiton impulsively banded over to
nim what money he had and pressed upon
him his rings, watch and shirt-stud.
Mr. Tiiton then called the Press Club's
double quartet to the platform, and they
gave the keynote to the evenine*
Tom Williams, business manager of
the Examiner, had volunteered to act
as auuouncer for some of Jimmy
Swinnerton'a own, while Swinner
ton declared himself as acting as
volunteer illustrator to a Williams dis
course on the ex-city editors of the Ex
aminer. Williams ran over the list. He
said that good city editors were neither
made nor born — they simply do not exist.
A good city editor must know more than
the Creator, and the Creator had never
made such a man. He told in amusing
style the peculiarities of many of the men
who have held the office for different jour
nals extending from two hours to, in one
or two cases, so much as a year.
As he passed from one to the other
Swinnerton.with a few strokes of charcoal,
drew telling caricatures of the well-known
faces, beginning with J. Ross Jackson to
the present City editor.
With this for a good beginning Hugh
Hume (represented by Julius Kahn),
Frank Coffin, Harvey Melvin and others
sang or whistled or said things that kept
the merriment in full flood until 11 o'clock,
when a recess was declared for refresh
ments.
And after that— well it went on again.
SONOMA'S CELEBRATION.
Hundreds of Californians Will Celebrate
on the Anniversary of the Bear-
Flag Raising.
SONOMA, Cal., June 6.— Great prepara
tions are being made here for tbe celebra
tion of the semi-centennial anniversary of
the raising of tbe Bear flag on Sonoma
soil. Hundreds of people from all over
the State are expected to arrive on special
trains on the morning of June 13. A
feature of the day will be the raising of
tne original Bear flag by the survivors of
the party that hoisted it fifty years a^o.
They are Harney Patterlieid of Napa,
Benjamin Ewell of Sonoma and Henry
Beason of Mendocina. The complete pro-
I gramme for tne day includes these events:
I Grand parade on arrival of the San Francisco
& North Pacific Railway.
' Special music by Senoma and Santa Rose
bands.
Welcome address by Mayor Henry Seipp.
Remarks by the president of the day, H. C.
Gesford, grand presicentof the Native Sons of
th«> (.olden We*t.
Haisinc of the Betir fine by the original sur
vivors of the Bear flag party.
Historical essay, by R. A. Thompson of Santa
Rosa.
Oration by Merton C. Allen.
Free barbceue, under the direction of Au
gustine Jaurey of Napa.
Tbe special boat will leave the San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Eailroad wharf on
Saturday morning at 7:20 o'clock, arriving
at Sonoma at 9:30, and leaving Sonoma at
4 p. m., arriving at San Francisco at 6:15.
The San Francisco parlors will bring a
band with them.
PESHASTIN MINES CRIME
William Don ohue Quarrels With
Thomas Johnson and Is
Slain.
The Victim One of the Most Widely
Known Miners in Central
' Washington.
ELLENSBTTRG, Wash.. June6.—Mount
ed couriers came in from the Peshastin
mines this evening and reported that
Thomas Johnson shot and killed William
Donohne this forenoon. One of the couri
ers, who was an eye-witness, says Johnson
shot Donohue six times. There had been
trouble between the .two men for years,
and it culminated last night, when Dono
hue shut off the water from a flume that
Johnson intended to use.
Donohue was one of the most widely
known miners in Central 'Washington.
H e was the original locater and owner of
the Blewett mine, in the Pesha^tin dis
trict, and owned other mines there. He
also owned a ranch near Ellen«burg.
Johnson is one of the best known men in
the State. He resides at Cleelum at
present, where he owns a store, but has
been spending much time in the Peshastin
lately, having mining interests there, and
he had just completed a stampmill, which
was all ready to start. He lived in this
section for many years. He was formerly
in the general merchandise business in
Ellensburg and had lived in Seattle within
the last few years.
Since the couriers arrived the Sheriff has
had a telegram from Johnson at Cleelum,
saying he hau killed Donohue and asking
the Sheriff to meet him at the first train.
Donohue's body will be brought down to
morrow, when a.n inquest will be held.
Johnson is about 5o years old and Donohue
was about 50.
Do not fail to read Thomas Slater's advertise
ment on page 32 tor men.
.. SUN U A V, MEETING. ;
|t^» MRS. LOGAI?B~hXk~MONY CIRCLE,
•*■* '.■■ 11 and 4, Washington Hall, 85 Eddy st.
HOLD-UP NEAR STOCKTON
Rancher Nutley Halted by the
Beau Brummel of High
waymen.
Robbed of Twenty-Five Cents by a
Bandit Who Wore Fine
Clothes.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 6.— 0. E. Nut ley,
a farmer, while driving to Stockton along
the old French Camp road, t!iis afternoon,
was hailed by a well-dressed man. Nutley
thought the stranger wanted a ride into
town, and drew rein.
"I want your money !" the man said, as
he stepped up and took hold of the reins.
Then he drew a revolver and pointed it at
Nutley. As i;e did this, he dropped th«
reins and took hold of the farmer's coat
collar. The highwayman was a powerful
fellow, over six feet tall, and he lifted Nut
ley out of tbe cart by his coat-collar. Then
he proceeded to search him. He went
through every pocket, but as luck would
have it, he found only 25 cents in a vest
pocket. Nutley carried considerable
money, but had placed his purse in his
outer coat-pocket, and as the pocket was
ripped, the purse had slipped around into
the lining of the roat.
The robber ordered Nntley to drive on,
which Nutley did with alacrity, and he re
ported the hold-up to Sheriff Cunningham
on his arrival in town. Deputy Sheriffs
Back and Wall, Sheriff Cunningham and
Constable Carroll at once started for the
scene of the hold-up, but they failed to
find any trace of the highwayman. He is
described as over 6 feet tall and of pleasant
address. His shoes had been recently
blackened and he was well dressed. It is
believed he came directly to town after the
hold-up, and a careful search is being made
for him.
SACRAMENTO'S LONS.
Death of Thotnat Morton Lindley, a
Pioneer Merchant.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 6.— Thomas
Morten Lindley, one of the oldest and
best-known merchants on the coast, died
at his residence in this city this afternoon.
Mr. Lindley crossed the plains in 1849,
and went at once to the mines on the
North Fork of the American River.
After working there for several months
he returned to Sacramento and began the
construction of a log house on L street,
but as he could find only three trees long
enough for timbers, he gave up that
project.
Later he constructed a frame bnilding
and opened a merchandise store in part
nership with L. A. Booth. This was one
of the first business establishments in Sac
ramento.
The firm continued in bus'ness until the
flood of 1852 swept all it had away. Mr.
Lindley then removed to Murderers' Bar,
and conducted a store there.
He later returned to Sacramento and
again engaged in business. The flood of
1861 numbered him among its victims,
but, recovering from his losses, he started
in the wholesale grocery business, and his
establishment eventually became one of
tbe leading ones of the coast.
Mr. Lindley was a native of Indiana and
was born on August 19, 1819.
NEW TO-DAT
(J|| drug co.,
M DRUGGISTS.
THE OWL'S
BIRTHDAY,
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10TH.
On That Day Every Customer
Will Receive
SO % DISCOUNT
On All Purchases made
in our San Francisco or
Oakland establishments.
Only One 10 Per Cent Benefit Day
At The Owl,
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10TH.
1128 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Broadway and 10th Strest, Oakland
/YIONEY-SAVING
PRICES ON
TAN SHOES
AT THE MONARCH.!
KXTRA SPICCIAI, OFFERING I
THIS WEEK.
0U v &*
Ladies' Tan Oxford Ties, Pointed
I Toes jsnd Tips, Turn Soles, all
sizes, at 9 ic. • ■
•Biiai; VALUES IN THE CITY
la Misses' and Children's Tan Shoes. i '
>■ Children's - and : Misses' Husset Button . Spring
Heels, narrow square toe, V-shape tip, straight
fox " - - . . . .
= Sixes sto 8...^.;.. . . 75c
Sizes BV2 to 11 ............. ....".'"U" ..I'!" $1
Sizes 11% to 2.;.... .:..... .....................fi 25
The secret or these low prices lies In the tact
thai we own our building, i and are satisfied to
give the public in bargains the enormous rent
other shoe nouses are paying. ' '
■' . *
1346 and 1348 Market' Street. 1 '
. Opposite Odd Fellows' Buildinz '
Country orders receive prompt attention. '
NEW TO-PAT
DOCTORSWEANY.
WHY
Is DOCTOR SWEANY acknowledged as San Fran*
Cisco's LEADING AND MOST SUCCESSFUL
SPECIALIST?
His reputation has been established by effecting
CURES of CHRONIC DISEASES in MEN AND
WOMEN, where other physicians of acknowledged
ability had failed.
YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN,
If you are suffering from the effects of early indis-
cretions, Excesses, Emissions or unnatural losses,
which rob the blood of its richness and the body
of its animating influences, which enfeeble the
constitution and finally result in impotency,
paralysis, softening of the brain and insanity; if
you are tormented with morbid fear and unnatural
lust, if your sleep is disturbed with frightful dreams
afid your days are passed with distressingthoughts
of your disease, if your mind is racked with
hallucinations and you are unfit for the every-day
duties of life, if you have any or all of those symp-
toms you are suffering from Seminal Weakness.
Nervous Debility and their kindred causes.
WHAT GREATER JOY
Could come to you than to get cured? Think of
what a happy condition it would be for you to
again be in full possession of Physical Health and
Sexual Vigor, to be a man full of grit, energy and
ambition, a tower of physical, mental and sexual
strength-
YOU CAN BE CORED
And fully restored to your natural physical health
and sexual power. The first thing to do in order
to accomplish this is to cast aside all false modesty
and place yourself under the treatment of this
noted specialist, DOCTOR SWEANY. His experi-
ence in treating such diseases has been world-
wide, his success in effecting cures almost phe-
nomenal. He has cured thousands of others and he
CAN CURE YOU.
Gonorrhea, Gleet, Stricture and that terrible
loathsome disease SYPHILIS thoroughly and for-
ever cured.
THE POOR
Who call at his offices on Friday afternoons are
welcome to his treatment FREE OF CHARGE.
Your troubles if living away from the city and
advice will be given you free of charge. DOCTOR
SWEANY has studied in the leading hospitals of
Europe and is conversant in all modern languages.
Letters are answered in English, French, German,
Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
OFFICE HOURS : 9t012 A. M., 2to 5 and 7toBP. M.
Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M. only.
F.L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 2s£a,rl£.et Street,
OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE, SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.CURB PUT UPON
CITY EXPENSES.
Yearly Debts Must Be
Within the Yearly
Income.
SUPREME COURT RULING
How the City Evaded the Pay
ment of an Undertaker's
Bill.
CNE AGAINST THE RAILROAD
Why tha Estate of Healdsburg's
Robbed Treasurer Is Not Re
sponsible.
The Supreme Court handed down a
batch of decisions yesterday, two of which
affirmed the judgment of the lower
courts anrt four reversed the conclusions
of the inferior tribunals.
In the case of James A. Blood vs. La
• Serena Land and Water Company the bu
perior Court gave judgment for the plaint
iff and ordered the foreclosure of a mort
gage neld by him upon the property of the
defendant. It seems that James A. Blood
Sr. authorized his nephew of the same
name to dispose of a tract of land for
$105,000. This the nephew did by organ
izing a corporation which paid $40,000 in
cash and $12,500 in stock to Blood Sr.
This was done at a meeting of stockhold
ers after the articles of incorporation were
filed, but before a meeting of the directors
had been held.
They then gave a mortgage of $52,500 on
the property to secure the balance of the
purchase price. After having paid the in
terest for awnile the corporation failed to
meet the terms of its contract and the
■ait was filed.
The lower court found that the note and
mortgage were duly executed and ratified
by the corporation and decreed foreclos
ure accordingly.
The Supreme Court, however, reversed
the decision and ordered a new trial. It
found that due execution of the note and
mortgage, if understood to mean that
there waa due authority for their execu
tion, was not supported by the evidence.
The plaintiff made onJy a. prima-facie
ahowlng, which was subject to overthrow
by proof that the original authority was
lacking.
In the case of Engene J. Gregory and
Frank Gregory vs. M. H. Diggs, K. F.
Hester and It. Forrester the judgment of
the lower court was also reversed. The
plaintiffs purchased a lot of potatoes
warranted to be marketable from the de
fendants and paid the purchase price ex
cept $132. For this sum suit was brought
against plaintiff in the Justices' Court. A
counter claim of $500 for violation of the
warranty was, however, set|up. This plea
was stricken out on the ground that the
Justice had no jurisdiction, the amount
being more than $300. Action was then
brought in the fcuperior Court, asking
that the Justice be enjoined from proceed
ing in the case so that the entire matter
conld b« tried in the Superior Court. The
order was refused.
Justice Temple, however, decided that
"only legal issues are involved in the dif
ferent demands. The defendant brought
his action in a court which has complete
jurisdiction of bis case, though not suffi
ciently broad to enable it to entertain a
counterclaim of the other party which
grows out of the very transaction upon
which his claim is founded. Neither can
cet relief without having the claim made
by the other party passed upon. In such
a case plaintiffs are clearly entitled to the
relief sought- A bond must be issued with
the injunction and if it is wrongiy done
the party will be taxed for costs and dam
ages."
Pacific Undertakers vs. Widber, Treas
urer. The Superior Court ordere 1 A. C.
Widber, Treasurer of San Francisco, to pay
to the plaintiffs $83 03 for services ren
dered in burying indigent dead, the ac
count having been regularly allowed and
audited. At the time of presentation of
the bill the general fund of the treasury
was entirely exhausted and there was no
money for that fiscal year to meet the
demand. However, since then there haa
been.
The State constitution provides that "no
county shall incur any indebtedness ex
ceeding in any year the income and re
venue provided for it for such year, with
out the assent of the electors, expressed at
an election, etc." Plaintiffs contend that
the nature and character of their claim
exempts them from tha operation of this
provision, but Justice McFarland refused
to grant their contention. He says:
"To sanction it would open the door to
a rush of claims that would sweep away
the entire constitutional provision. The
liability in question is undoubtedly one
incurred by the Supervisors for the gen
eral welfare and one not fixed by statute,
and therefore comes within the provision
of article XL The judgment is therefore
reversed."
The judgment in the case of the City of
Healdsburg vs. George W. Mulligan, for
merly its City Treasurer, was reversed.
The lower court decided that Mulligan's
estate could be held responsible for the
public money of which he was robbed.
The principal question presented to the
Supreme Court was whether the loss of
the money by force formed a defense In an
action against the Treasurer's bond.
The court holds that Mulligan was
merely the keeper of the money, and looks
upon its loss in the same light as if it had
been from the result of a bank failure or
an act of providence. It is therefore con
cluded "that the obligation resting upon
Mulligan was simply that which the com
mon law imposes upon him as a bailee for
l>ire, and that if he was violently robbed
of the moneys of the city in his possession
it is a defense to tne action." Chief Jus
tice Beatty dissented but filed no opinion.
The railroad lost the case in the action
between the Southern Pacific Company
and Painter. The corporation ene>l to
enforce an agreement by which Painter
was to buy Los Angeles County railroad
land for which the railroad hoped to re
ceive a patent. Painter paid 20 per cent
of the purchase price, which was to be re
turned to him in case the patent was not
secured. In9tea-J of returning the money
tlie Southern Pacific sued to enforce the
agreement. Painter entered a counter
suit for the recovery of the money he had
paid and won the case, but notwithstand
ing the decision of the United States Su
-1 r<-nie Court the railroad carried the case
up.
Justice* Van Fleet and McFarland co
incided with the views of the railroad at
torneys, but Justice Harrison and ins
other confreres decided against them, sav
,at the land in question was within
t he limit!) of the land involved ie the case
decided by the Federal Supreme Court
and the Superior Court had no alternative
but to apply the law as laid down by
the highest tribunal of the United States.
RULES FOR THE CARNIVAL.
How the Bus nets Will Be Managed by
Committees.
Judge Baiirs, Justice of the Peace Kerri
gan and 1. L. Kosentbal, the committee
appoint^! to arrange a set of by-laws for
the guidance of the carnival committees,
have prepared a short series of rules which
will be presented to the executive com
mittee for consideration at their meeting
to-morrow afternoon. The executive com
mittee is made the s le uoverninc body
and is to continue in office until its succes
sors are named. A number of auxiliary
committees are provided for, to act in con
junction with it.
No auxiliary committee shall have power
to incur a-ny indebtedness in excess of the
amount appropriated to it by the executive
committee, and all claims before being
ordered paid must be passed upon by the
auditing committee. AH supplies and
materials used by any committee shall be
of California manufacture and pioduction
when obtainable.
The disposition of all funds, materials,
records and properties of every kind used
by the committee are to be provided for.
Any moneys remaining on hand are to be
deposited in bank to form the nucleus of
the celebration fund of the coming year.
All other goods are to be stored and turned
over to the successors of the present com
mittees.
In response to General "Warfield's request
for names of gentlemen willing to act on
committees a large number of replies have
been received. The names suggested are
those of persons who have not been promi
nent heretofore in public movements of an
amusement character, but are names of
well-known citizens of wealth and stand
ing, who will render both financial and
personal aid.
A movement is on foot in connection
with the school children's parade for a
monster concert. Several names have
been suesested of those capable of training
and leading large choruses, but no action
haa been taken upon the proposition.
WOODEN WEDDING.
Mr. and Sirs. B. Fua Celebrate Their
Fifth Anniversary.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Pos celebrated the fifth an
niversary of their wedding at their residence,
215 Union street, on Saturday evening, May
30.
Their home was beautifully decorated with
ferns and evergreens. The grounds, .which
overlook the bay, were decorated with flow
ers, flag* and lanterns. In the center tables
were set T-shape, at which was served an
elaborate menu. While supper was being dis
enssed the orchestra discoursed the latest
music. The evening was pleasantly paused in
music and dancing. Many toasts and good
wisnes was offered to Mr. and Mrs. Pos, who
received many elegant and useful presents
suitable to the occasion. Among tnose present
were: Mr. and Mrs. B. Pos, Mr. and Mrs. K.
Soher, Mr. and Mrs. P. Reiter, Mr. and Mrs.
Grander, Mr. and Mrs. Filaultrault, Mr. and
Every man who has .xJrt^i^k IUSS^SiSPIsw *
any pride in his make-up i^S *^^ ]|^^PS^l|! Ift/ If /
knows how precious to HH B^MllS ffil I / 11
his life's happiness, how "^MhB HwRNIraiSSl iII I
necessary to his self-re- IvyifSiSPl
spect, is the feeling of '^^^ > g»M i^^/^|i J^ffi j
strong, vigorous man- — , ,. ,, j....^.^ N^i™lHfi7Mri^Pr -'i I s !
hood. No man enjoys _ |S WmM?^ \ '
life who has always |||J|i"|lSJl|j|ll|l C™ 3! !]/^##^^^l\ |S
hanging over him the | |Hl|l||l|l «Sj j^^^MW^'K
dread of Nervous Debil- If! ' " ufl M^^^^^\\
ity. There is that deep- •»( . I'lfi W Jj&^^Lj" \^^^
rooted disgust with him- [, , ;, ' - * sair^
self, the fear that his friends will discover his condition. It robs
life of all that is enjoyable all that makes life happy — peace of
mind ; jovial, sociable disposition ; the confidence in self. It
takes from him the bright side of life — that healthy vital force in
him which pictures all things as beautiful. It is .gone, and he
sees everything black, gloomy, miserable.
The wish to be strong, to feel one's self the equal of all men
in all that makes man perfect, is at some time strong in the heart
of every man.
Manhood Quickly Restored.
WESTMINSTER, Orange County, Cal., May 18, 1896.
Dr. A. T. Sanders— Dear Sir: The Belt which I bought from you some time ago has cured me.
My disease was seminal weakness of five years' standing. I had emissions on en average of nvo
times a week, and many times three in one night. I used all kind- of drugs and patent medi-
cines, and was, when I began your treatment, in a very weak condition, both from my trouble
and the many different drugs I had taken. As soon as I applied your Belt I found relief from
my losses, in three weeks a general improved condition, and lam now entirely cured. I can-
not say too much in praise of your Belt. Your* truly, J. M. HUBBARD.
Gained 18 Pounds.
_. BT. JOHNS, Glenn County, Cal., May 12, 1896,
Dr. A. T. Sanden-^TJear Sir: It is with pleasure that I report the effect produced by your
Electric Belt. Before wearing it I was rapidly losing in weight, but eince I have worn your
Belt I have gained 18 pounds. The pain in the back has entirely disappeared, also the tired
feeling from which I formerly suffered. I feel much better in every way, and owe my improve-
ment entirely to your Belt. Wishing you the success you deserve, 1 remain, your? irulv,
E. AMUNSON.
MAIN ! ARE YOU WEAK?
Are you not as vigorous in your nerve and vital forces as you
should be ? Do you find your manly strength giving way too
early ? Have you strong muscular power and weak vital powers ?
Do you notice that your capacity for business, study or pleasure
is waning? All these are signs of the loss of vital nerve force—
Electricity — your body. Replace it and be a man. Get
back Nature's vitality which you have wasted by indiscretions or
excesses.
This is the age of progress. A means has been found for
the restoration of manly vigor. It is
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT!
Never failing in its invigorating powers, it has made thousands
WIZ/ -^Ai/^r °^ vigorous men out of as many
weak, despondent creatures. It
B#^B»«mI^ will cure you if you are weak.
$ SS^s^^ ■ " Three Classes of Men" is a
w&t£**yj\i /?'*'^^j| I very valuable treatise on the res-
Pafefr^i^,,^ lftjLi^.ji'' i ' ir to ration of manhood. If you are
weak> get ** onee ' Itis
* ree on application/ and will
~si?Jn^^— point out a course by which
4k^. you can become • a healthy and
'^fy^L happy man.
Dr. banden's £?/■? ?\l£. Metric Beit na9 a regulator, and the electric power can b»
turned on mild "^Vj^r^S or strong at will. No other Belt made has it.
Act to- rftypffi day. In a matter of this kind — a matter
which concerns the happiness not only of yourself, but of your
family and friends, of your future generations — should not
delay. Call or address
si-A.2Nrx>n:isr ehjEcthio oo m
r MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— A. M. to 8:30 c. M.; Sunday.*, 10 to 1. .
-OFIPICB3S AT—,
, LOS ANOKLES, CAX* I PORTLAND, OR.
v.04 Eouth Broadway. J 253 Washington stre«fc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
Mrs. Fevrier, Mr. and Mrs. Valon, Mr. and Mrs.
Koscli, Mr. and Mr*. Lorentz, Mr. and Mrs.
Farina, Mrs. Olivier, Miss Olivier. Mr. Alec, V.
Reiter, Mi-'-s Reiter, J. Sontag Sr., J. Sontag Jr.,
J. Walk, Jules Walk, M. Lemmer, Mr. Reeles
and others.
Found Dead in the Park.
The body of an unknown man was found off
Lookout drive, Golden Gate Park, yesterday by
John McConnell and C. G. Budd. From out
ward appearances death occurred four or five
weeks ago. By the side of the body was found
a half-emptied bottle of laudanum. On the
person of the deceased was found a watch, pair
of spectacles, knife and a peculiarly written
list of racehorses, indicating that ne was a
follover of the turf and employed a "system"
in his betting. On his hhirtfront wa3 woven
the letters P. F. F.
I»o British sovereign has vetoed a Par
liamentary bill during the last 185 years.
NEW TO-PAY.
HUMPHREYS
AND—
HOMEOPATHY
Are synonomous in the minds of the peo-
ple. The immortal Hahnenaann discov-
ered— Dr. Humphreys popularized Homeo-
pathy, brought it witnin the reach of the
people by his system of Specifics.
Brain Fag ; General Debility ; all
forms of Physical and Nervous Weakness,
arising from Mental Strain, Business
Anxiety, Care or Worry, Overwork or
Emotional Excitement; or from Loss of
Blood, or of Sleep, are cur dby No. 24. It
is a truly Homeopathic Tonic.
Dyspepsia; Indigestion; Weak Sto-
mach cured by No. 10. It gives that feel-
ing of buoyancy unknown to the dyspep-
tic. Used with No. 24 will build up the
most depleted system.
Rheumatism; Stiffness and Lnm-
bago cured by No. 15.
Fever ; ' Congestion, Inflammation,
Heat, Pain and Restlessness cured by
No.l.
If Chilled or Cold, Lame or Sore, always
take No. 1.
"77" for COLDS.
Manual of Diseases mailed free.
Sold by druggists or sent prepaid upon receipt of
I rnre, "5 cents to 1. Humphreys' Modlcine Com-
; nary, 11 1 William street, New York.
* -- «"""^* a *-——^'"'^'''''"^BH^— < , t ■
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
HAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OP
being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in searcn of hkaith, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climato in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Khi>nmatUm, 1,1 ver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 815 PER WEEK. |
Two Routes to the Springs. S. I*. Co. and
S. V. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BAP.TLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 'ii Fourth street, S. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County. Cal. -
PACIFIC COS« SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
LOCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
J Cruz Mountains, convenient to ban Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about lUOU.leet above
sea level. No foe. no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 4M) fuel south. ■ ■ ... ,• >;--
TURK -riUNHor ;)»« c-.cbra'.ed^CONOßKSS
SPRING MINERAL of the alkocha!y-
betite class: very valuable for turtle use, dyspepsia,
)iv«r and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recoui-
ini'iiil<'(l by al! leading physicians.
HOTKL AND COTTAGES, -.SPECIALLY DE-
SIGNED ! OR HKALTH AND COMFORT.
ALL modern Improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables,
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only %y» hours
from Ban Francisco, via B. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. V. PFKTCH. Saratoga, .Cal.
___— __— ___________________
-/TV^ The BeaHtifnl
P'^PS^ HOTEL
wSm- vesdoie
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for Its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments. It is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
Ofe B ■% ■ I 4r% 0% HnT BMUITOB,
t H II H I I ■ I I Monterey coun-
m ■■■•■■- health.rest, pleas-
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, nower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot suluhur tub and swimmlnc tanks, mas.
sage treatment, hunting and flsbtng, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families. ,
Paralso stands unsurpassed in the -tate. Plenty
enjoyment fur young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
daily, for Soledad: Return-trip ticket, »8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and PostolHce. Tor
Mini-rated pamphlets and special inducements for
1898, address R. Robert-son, Manager.
MPA soda SPRIGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Havk You Bees Thkrk Latkly?
1000 feet above Nana Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views majf'ilrlcent. ■ Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. .Hot and cold
Nupa Boda water baths. Telephone and Postomce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise! mothers' delight: husbands' rest
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda «prin s
P. U. ■ ;'•".'•
when IJICIAH
VISITING HTOP AT THK . UIVI/\IJ
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
rmifS 18 THE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in Uklab, and it Is headquarters for
touris'K.
Stages to all resorts " and other places arrive at
and depart from 'this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred tree of charge.
LAUREL DELL,
"PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LATJREL DELL
X Lake; new hotel, new sanitary provisions. It
Is now one of th« most attractive outing places In
Lake Counlv. Ratp» $8 to $ia per week. Boating
and bathing free. Brine your batlllnu' suits. Ad-
dress H. WvMBOLU, Bertha P. P., Lake Co.. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
JAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL ■» SUMMER
\j resort in Htate: 8 different springs: uood fish-
ing and hunt accommodations first-class; rates
$10 per weeK and upward: table unexcelled: hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MAP.TENS, Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co.. Cal.
HOTEL EASTLAND,
" Mill Valley,' Marin County, '
VOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE-
IS sort. MRS. J. J. CULLKX, Prop.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. HcnATH'S
HUNTING, FISHING. BATHING ' AND
JjL camping out. witn the boys, and never had
such a good time be fore in -. my life. Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
s:olng Into business aeain. I tell you that Is the
place to co to have a real g?>od time and complete
change. For particulars address A. B. McMATIJ,
IluUvlUe, Cal. - _
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake,
LAKE COUNTY, OAXi. -
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennK croqnet, billiards? Do
you like tin* bathing, boating, hunting and Hshin??
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over :
thirty kinds of mineral springs'.' bhortest Sta^a j
route into Lake County.
AU this aud more can be had at Highland <
wirings.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
from San Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are *1 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to $1B per week. Take the a. F.
and N. P.-liallway via Fleta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIO, Manager.
.-an Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
ygurTacation
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go -where monotony is impossible,,
whero you may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods I
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR. j
JOHN R. CHACE, offer 3 all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and plear-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of.
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
"Absolutely the finest fishing in the West."—
Forest and stream.
LAKE J[AHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE SUMMER RESORT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open 'his wagon. Hotel
and ground* lighted by electric lights. All modem
improvements Kates $15 to $21 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
' OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1.
BATES ..$lO TO PKR WEEK. '
Great reductions in fare toiallao this season.
The steamer " lallac" carries its patrons free of i
ehur-p to and from nil points on Lake Tahoe.
l omul trip ticket irora Ann Francisco, O"klan.i, ;
fail Jose, I.athropnnd Stockton, s 16; Sacramento. j
*1S 50: >-anta Barbara and Los Anrcten, $33 50. :
Buy ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving :
S3 on trip.
• M. LAWRKNCE <£ CO., proprietors.
Send for illustrated circular, ■ .
For route and further information Inquire of ;
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office, _^ j
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under cue Old Management
ON AU TIN CREEK, IN Tlli. SONOMA
Redwoods. N. P. C. R. R., via Sausallto ferry,
'li-am leave* at 1:4-. Hotel Cnzadero rates. $10
to $14 per week; Klirn Grove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week: tents, *3 to 85 per week, send for cir-
cular.
V. F. BUKNS, Proprietor,
. Caseudero, Cal.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, BTTOATEO ON CLEAR LAKK,
Is most olcturesque. soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatln? and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A tine bar has jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best th» market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of nil guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with ilia
dally stage from Pleta. and Highland tjpnng*,
Adams. Seisrler, Blue Lakes and- .-arntosa. Faro
from San Francisco, if s 60: rounl trip, #10. Spe-
cial rates for families. <;. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. K«*isey vlUe,' Lake County, Cal. •
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, rUrin Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
llghtful climate for camning; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis: fine trout linhin.'. iiath-
ing and swirnmiugrsplendid drives to Bear Val-
ley: pontofflce, express, telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms 83 and $l'«i per woelc
VlCl'on W. KRAUSsS, Manai," r.
JO*. F. BE HAND, proprietor.
City oliice, 119 Taylor st., Fridays, 2 to I p. m.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
-■ ' " 1, ; X ■•■ COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
X year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at southern Pacit'-: "Hires, $10: special
conveyance dally. For inforn . atlou nJrlreiM JOHN.
BPAULDINO, beigler springs, County, Cal.'
EL BONITO HOTEL
NOW OPEN TO TOURISTS MB TUB
IN season; salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood l i»rove, etc.; t«rn»j
reasonable. .. o, Wj MORGAN, .
Duncans Mills. Sonoma Co.,CaL .
lilllH STABLES A*i) STAGE lOTAS!
W H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOODTURX-
»• . out* for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukian, Cal. Vichy Springs st»;;e mcc s all
trains. Daily stage for Hue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. . -- <
SUMMER BOARD NEAR OiLROT.
A PLEASANT, 11O.MKLIKK ELK-
iA gant climate, fishiug, nuniiux «md scenery.
Low price. ' .
Terms of W. T. TKOMBLY, Gilroy.
WHITE OAK FARM,
NEAR CLOVERDALE— SPECIAL - ATTEN-
J-i tlon given to table: terms $7 per week, . for
particulars address W. H. 11l AIT, Cloverdale, C al
When writing for further particulars to any of the health or
Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the Cj^XX.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May Itegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery, ,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Best, Refreshment and. Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recopcration.
A Rural Retreat,- Where the Adjacent
Bills Are Clothed in ■ armenta
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From .
> lire Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:18 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
X Third and Townsend streets, 8% hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
£3" Stage connects with train from Third and
Towosend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SANTA CATALISA ISLMD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U ■ coast ejccurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
! hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
| cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
1 concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open, Island Villa in July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets ana
rates, apply to
WIIiiINKTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
gat South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
L. B. Frasier, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve, Beautiful soenery. purest
air, colaest water, good shooting: fine trout fish-
ing near by; regular mail; tabie supplied with the
best in the market: vegetables from our own gar-
den; good home cooking and home comforts; ac-
• commodation from 20 to 30; season opens June 1.
Distance and fares— Boy round-trip ticket, $12
(unlimited), at office of S. F. and N. P. Kallroaa.
11*11 10 Ukiah, thence by Berrynills popular stage
line via Potter Valley to taohedrin. Koom and
board $1 per day. Oulde (when wanted) f 2 per
■day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per day. No
other chances. For further particulars address L.
B. FRaSIKR, ~;i!,hPflrin, or LAUD'S (jL'N-
. STORK, 9 Third St.. ban Francisco. .-, . -.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
". The Gem of Sonoma Coum/.
• Nine miles from !»anta Rosa. ' ■ '
| TIT ITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AH-
-1 ' »-bor;.»he place where you feel at horn*. Table
' first cia«s. Croquet. Billiards. Shuffle-board,
swinca, Swimming-pool. D»nct:;g Pavilion, Flsh-
! in« and Hunting. Terms, *10 and $12 per week.
Special rates for clubs and large families. .Round
trip, $3 75. Baths free to guests. »
V FBE3K & J-UERGENSKN.
' n IT I nrifi HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
■ V V A I « I" V County, only 4% hours from
!\K II It \ Sa " tranclsco; • but 9 miles
1 1 |\ Hl] 1 1 1 1 staging: new road through
U IX 11 VI VI tJ canyon; newstases; sanitary
! plumbinz: natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
: of wonderful curative properties: no fogs or disa-
. greeable winds: mosqultos and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon terry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 r. m. Hound-trip ticket only *5.50.
Telephone and teleeraph, daily mall and express.
Rates $12 a week; baths free.
J. I; 1 . M RE W, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. BEST
AND PLKASUKE: no staging; »A- mile from
' station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs In the
; United 6tates and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
f-odn Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
I Tatle nrst-claas. Send for circulars. .
FOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Fanvjly Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
I nir. Stage at Madrono every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after Juue 1. conuectlng with
train leaving the City at 8:16 a. m.
VIC PONCKLET, Llagas. Cal.
PLANTATION BOISE.
18 Hues from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
T • cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Ad Ire^s
JOSKPH LUTI'RINfiEH. stavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE «fc CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, tor particulars. '' . •
INVERNESS.
TNVERNESS, SIARIN COUNTY— CAMPING
X privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
j on an inland bay; good beach: salt-water burning;
I water. IS degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives; sbootlnsr and fish-
ing: within 'i hours of San Irancisco on the North
Pacific Coast Railroad, stages meet trains. Apply
11 to 2 dally, 331 Montgomery street, room 61.
ASTORG SPMG JMERAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:
cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended, by tbous nds In four
months in this city: no agents. ■ A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lako
County, one-quai ter mile from spring, lias pilvllege
of the water. -v -.* ' . '
MAGNETIC SPRINQS.
' IN -THE HEAKT OF THE iJANTA CRUZ
J. Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
Ing and fisblug; cottages for families; stai;e meets
morning train: terms *8 up. Address JOSKPH
LI.ND.SKY, i .lon wood, <:al. ■■-■■■•
hobspah: SPRING FARM
WILL BK OPJCX FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
»T Write for particulars WM. J. KOSS, proprie-
tor, Ottkvlile, Napa County, cal. ,
SPEND YOUR VACATION AT
, LAUREL ; GLEN _ FAR .
Fine spring water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
• home comforts. -Particulars apply MRS. V. STU-
BKNRAUSUU, box 159, Napa, Ciil. ; .
; SUMMER BOARD AT BURLIHBAME.
Redinzton Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
' Addre55.......... ......IRA G. HOITT.
Hoitt's School reopens August 4.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BEaWICK,- tjUSKIYOU COUNTY, CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
' : sulphnr baths. • , :
. EPSON BROS., Proprietor^
HOME REST FO«_THli SUMMER.
- CUMMER BOARD IN BA^ JOSE: PLEASANT
■ . rooois; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
i dre*» P. O. box 228. . :,
/ETNA
SPRINGS.
Where lavish nature made a paradise of health
man has added the comforts of civilization, and
all are now at your disposal.
Swimming baths, tub baths, hotel, clubhouse,
recreation of all kinds.
lake 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena. Stage leaves thereat 10 a. m., stooping
at Angwlnsfor lunch, but no long walls as in the
past. Returning the stage leaves the springs at
10 a. m.— no getting up at 6 a. M. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, *7. Rates, 10 to $14 a week.
For further information call at 318 Battery St.,
San Krancisco, or address W. L. MITCHELL,
manager. Lldeli P. 0.. Napa County. Cat.
GO TO DUNCAN SPRINGS,
mWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. MiSNDOCINO
-L County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec- .
trie and mineral baths; new modern-hotel; 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free dus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms. 910 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce.
SKYLAND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS,
would like a few boarders; new house, adjoin-
Ingchurchand Postoflice; good view. For further
particulars address MRS. 11. M. CLOUGH, Sky-
land, Santa Cruz County, Cal.
COMPL FURNISHED COTTAGE OF
6 rooms; also 10 partly furnished, 3 to 5
rooms each, at Gl<-n Ellen. Sonoma County. Ad- .
dress PR. C. C. O'PONNKLL, 1206 Market st.
PAMPERS' CLOTH SIGNS CHEAP; RESORT
\J printing and signs. HILL, 22 Geary st.
TDEAL FRCIT RANCH; TREN lON, CAL.; 4-
X room furnished cottages; free fruit: vegetables.
A TTBACTIVE LOCATION • PLEASANT
A rooms; fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particulars
and terms address box 85, uebastopol, Sonoma Co.
OOD BOARD ON RANCH, SUBURBS OF
Calistoga: plenty fresh eggs, butter, chickens
and milk, $6 per week. Write for particulars to
MKB. J. MONTGOMERY.CaIIstOga, Nu)>aCo.,Cal. v
ONTE VISTA— DKLIGHTFUL KE-
sort in the Sierra pines Is now open to guests;
terms reasonable with free carriage to »nd from
trains. Send for illustrated circular descriptive of
scenery, climate, table and the new attractions of
1896, to C. E. KINNEY, proprietor, or C.
HAZ * RD, manager, Dutch Flat. Cal.
OTEL VICTORIA, SONORA, CAL,. THE
gem of the mountains, famed for Its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland; altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria wilt be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to *15 per week. JOHN C. MOB-
BISON, lessee. ■_
HOTEL DEL MAR— ON THE SEASHORE; 30
Ii minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; surf bathing; sailing, row-
Ing, fishing: buses meet, all trains; children, $3
to $5 per week: ad nits. $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTKL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building. S. F.
TJIVERBIDE KANCH-ON THE BANKS OF
JLV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County: round trip, *9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; flshin'/, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. ?7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT-NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. : good fish ing
and hunting-. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
T BELMONT. SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSKN.BaImonu
BOARD ON A RANCH 2000 FEET ELEVA-
Uon: good room) and first-class board: terras
$6 per week. Address Bed wood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County.
CAMPING— TO LET, 4-ROOM COTTAGE, $25;
\J big tent with 5 beds, 920: finest place in Ross '
Valley. 1503 Geary st. ■
ROOKBIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
I» plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookside, Napa.
CYPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
ble: home comforts. T. H. EP..EY, Napa. (U.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THH
-V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
HOTEL If fire,
FIRE-PROOF. \' : ■■:- ■*;
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with lath*,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Kiver»
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A. cuisine and service unequalled where in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L" to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan, 51 up. American plan. S3 up. Most com-
eetclv equipped and most liberally managed hotel
New Yo&r W. JOHKSON QUINS, Mgr.
WM. NOBLE, Propr.
BIKTEUM?
#*RNYSt
18 : THE VERY JbJial- ONE TO F.XAMINS
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye*
'• glasses with instruments of his own invention,*
whose superiority has not been equaled. My su»
cess has been due to the merits or my work.
Hours— Vi to ip. it :
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tome for ttia
sexual and urinary . organs of both sexes, and a
I great remedy for diseases of the kidneys an I bl al-
j der. A great: Restorative, IttVi^oratorand Nerviu*.
1 Sells on its own Merits— no lons-winded tesU*
monials necessary.
N.iiij.K. .U.Fsi • intUNU. Agent*.
323 Market St., S. F.-(cend tor CirouUM
i^jThese tiny Capsules are superfejj
to Balsam of Copaiba, /""""N
I\ 1 CubebsorlniectionsandflßEHfil
[#J I CUREIN4BHOURSViy
|w J the earn e diseases without
\>| inconvenience.
Sold by all druggists. \\
NEW WESTERN MOTEL.
KEARNV AND; WASHINGTON STS— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A: ca
I . European plan. . Kooms s<)c to $1 50 per day, $i
j to $8 per week, $8 to S3U per month: free bath*;
hot and 1 cold water every room tire gralej in
1 every room; elevator runs alj night.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam^.
TlO Market street, open until 13 o clock everj
aight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock. ♦
389 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
HW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets. 9pm
cntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Nlath street, oven until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
: iR^T~CHuIIIcIEroF^C^RTsTT§CIBN^
&-&' Services at 11 _. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post st., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons. International Series. Subject: "Warning
to the Disciples." "Science and Health" study
Thursday, at 8 p. m.. in Golden West Hail, 320
Post street. All are welcome. . __
CALVARY PRKSBYTERIANCHURCH,
BF-S' corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John
Hemphill, D.D.. pastor, will preach at 11 _. m. and
7:46 p.m. Sacrament of the Lord's Supper at the
Close of the morning service. Topic evening, "A
Parting Salutation." Sabbath-school at 6:30 p.m.
Y. P. S. of C. E. at 6:30 p. m. All are made wel-
come. ,
jjFsi» REV. eh A RLES O. BROWN. p.d.,will
SS^ preach in Golden Gate (main) Hall, b'/5 Sut-
ler St., at 11 a. M.; theme. "Every Day Faith.
At 7:45 p. m.: theme, ."Purpose and I.if«. Sun-
day-school at 1 P. _. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:M) p. M.
(upper hall). A cordial invitation is extended to
all.
U_~~- THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
sV-^ Fifteenth St.. near Mission— Rev. William
Rader. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. Sacrament
of the Lord's Supper and reception of new members.
Services at 7:45 P. M. Subject. -The Stranger at
Our Gate." Music by chorus choir under direction
of William C. Stadtfeld. "God is Love," Mary;
"Our God is Mighty to Save." Shelley; "I Was
Glad When They Said Unto Me," Lynes: "Hark.
■ the Vesper Hymn." Moore. All are cordially in.
vited. .
_Fs_p SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
tt—^ ncr of Twentieth and Capp sts.— A. J.
Wells, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7 :45 P. M.
Children's day exercises in the morning. Bap-
tisms and reception of .'members. Recitations and
songs by the school and address oy the pastor. At
night sermon by the pastor on ■•Taking Sides."
Seats are free to all.* Pastor resides at 20 Liberty st.
___» CHUKCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF
sfc3S ? Latter-day Saints at 909 Market St.— Ser-
vices at 11 a. M. and 7:46 p.m. Klders John M.
Cannon and Willard Scowcroft will be the speak-
ers. Subject: "Is 31 ormonism Strictly Biblical?"
All are welcome.
_K3E» ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, COR.
sV^" Mason and Kills sts —This (Sunday) after-
noon at 3 o'clock a grand union mass-meeting of
young people. Address by Evangelist S. M. Say-
ford of Boston. Special music. Ail young people
invited.
■__>» MR. W. W. HARRISON, A PROMI-
stj 9 nent Christian business mini of New York
City, will preach the gospel in Gospel Hall, 832
Howard st., at 7:45 p. m. All are most earnestly
invited. Bible reading Tuesday evening and
prayer-meeting Thursday evening. All are wel-
come.
jjrr3«p LECTURE ON "PROPHECY, METEOR-
I*^ ological Signs," by Dr. Morgan.Scottish Hall.
Lurkln St.. at 3 p m.
Reformed Episcopal Church services and dis-
course in Mozart Hall. 1358 Market st., between
Seventh and Eighth, at 11 and 7:45 All seats
free. .
_fTS» THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY; — FREE
Oh—* public lectuie every Sunday evening at 320
Post st., 7:45 o'clock. To night, "Is God Demon-
strable in Nature?" by Dr. J. A. Anderson.
■_"— - THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY —MISS
E^& Marie A. Walsh, the pioneer worker, will
lecture to-night at 8 o'clock in Shasta Hall, Native
Sons' building, 414 Mason st. .Subject. -Cyclones
and Crime Considered in the Light of Tneosophy."
.Admission free.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
j^^^IITI^BBTN^iniCTU^^TO^NTGHT
IK ; js' on "Hypnotism, Its Dancers and Bless-
ings"; soncs. recitations and dialogues by the
Cotton children: the sick healed: mediums de-
velODed; written questions answered; convincing
tests; Washington Hall, 35V» Eddy St.. 8 p. m.:
magnetized paper; circle tickets and admission
free; collection for benefit of Cotton children.
B_3S= > LIBERALS AND TKUTHSKEKERS—
E--^ Dr. York, the noted orator, will be tendered
a farewell benefit by the Liberal Union at Scottish
Hall, 105 Larkin street, this evening, at 8 sharp.
By request the doctor will speak on "Political Sal-
vation"; hand ed without gloves. A good pro-
gramme of music and songs. Admission 25 cents.
STp ODD FKLLOWS HALI, TO-NIGHT: ED-
sr"*' ward K. Ear'.e, the world's greatest medium,
will give proof of the immortality of the soul:
come ana bear this wonderful man demonstrate
his power: messages, names In full and startling
tests: admission lUc, commencing 8 o'clock sharp;
large hall, ground floor, cor. Seventh and Market,
■_35» DR. KINKS SPIRITUAL MEETING,
B^*' 909 Market st. ; 11 a. m.. 2 and Bp. m. cir-
cle and platform tests; Mmes. Meyes, Bird, Dun-
ham, Fix, Farrington. R. H. stitts, Dr. Muehlen-
bruch; song, Miss Minnie Woodward. Office 1236
Market st., Murphy buildinsr, r. 134; elevator.
jfEip AT 997 MARKET, "FIRST PROGRES-
-15--*' sive Spiritual Church," 11 a. m. developing
circle: 2 P. m. spirit messages, Mr. Hansen, Mrs.
Dunham, k— •<>-• 8 p. m. flowers, articles read. Mr.
Smith, &lro. '■>■« _rrt-ii. McKee and others.
mr_\f AT 111 LARKIN: MME. YOUNG. THE
&— » wonderful psyciioinetrist, will give spirit
messages to-nisht: Professor Young and his or-
chestra will play bis late selections: admission
10c; during the week at 605 McAllister st.
§E^S= CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIETY;
B~j6'' J. J. Morse will lecture at Red Men's Hall,
opp. Union square, this evening at 8 o'clock, on
"The Real Purposes. of Psychical Research"; ad-
mission free; no collection.
R_3S > OAKLAND -PSYCHIC A L SOCIETY—
I*^ Fraternal Hall, Washington at., Mme.
Montague will lecture at 8 p. m., and Dr. Mulen-
b&uch give tests. Dr. Joseph Adams will lecture
at 3 p.m. ■ &
flj_2p J. Q. A. HENRY LECTURES AT
«•— ' Metropolitan Temple, Sunday, June 7, 3
p. m., under che auspices of the Good Citizenship
Committee. Subject, "Is Patriotism PeterlngOutT"
__C_f= AT 110 HAVES, TO-NIGHT; PROF?
•*■■-' Dawbarn on "Ancient .Man and Modern
Monkey.; messages; Mmes. Wermouth and HO9-
-klns; 10c.
IKS* C. V. MILLER, ETHEREALIZINGMA-
tS^ teriaiizing seance TO-NIGHT at 8 o'clock.
535 Post st. 60 cents.
_£-"_§= SEE BISHOP GARRISON* AT 148
l*^ Sixth st. to-night; phenomena and slate
writing.
_F_f=~MRS. FULTON, MATERIALIZING
Vi^ seance to night; sittings daily. 31 Fell st.
\tsS* MRS. SHRINER, TEST CIRCLE, TO-
sV-y night. 10c. Sittings <■ ally. 311 Van Nessav.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
B_3iF CA-iFOiRNIA LODGE NO. if! "m
l*-^ and A. M. — Funeral Notice. The offl- __\_
cers and members of the above named' 1 }?
lodge are hereby notified to attend the fune- /^T^
ral of our late brother, STEPHEN NEAL ROB-
ERTS, in King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple,
THIS DAY (Sunday) June 7, at 1:30 o'clock.
Master Masons and friends of the deceased are in-
vited- By order of the Master. .
FRANKLIN H. DAY', Secretary.
_f_-_K=» REUNION AND PICNIC OP"^_^K
*5~-& Ancient Order of Hibernians, B. of V\'W
IS., to be given b. Division No. lof Berk*- s&yil
ley, Alameda County, at Laurel Glen I'ark_£ V/i»
SUNDAY, June 14, 1896. Adults' iickets**"-_at
50c. children's 25c. Boat leaves San Francisco at
S and 10 o clock a. m. Change at Emeryville,
Leave University avenue at 9:30 and 11 o'clock.
_^_f THK SAN FRANCISCO SLOT- v _jTC"
■-*' tisii Thistle Club celebra'es on 3L _L_Q
FRIDAY EVENING. June 26, 1896, at
N. S. G. W., Mason st., with a grand "-jtT
literary, and dramatic entertainment, followed by
a dance. A gala night. A great programme. Hat-
rooms free. Admission 25c each.
J. K. COULIE, Royal Chief.
Gbo. W. Patebson, Recorder. :
SPECIAL, NOTICES^
•T^gp BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4-
•**' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy St.. room 6. Tel. 5580.
_C_f NOTICE- ABANDONED CHILDREN
* s - e ' in the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, 1896— Martha Frost, age 7 years;
Anna Deeney, age 10 years: Rose Deeney, age 6
years; Margaret McCarthy, 8 years; Mary Hig-
gins, age 10 years. Respect!
■ SISTERS OF CHARITY.
_^__f R. HARRISON HAS REMOVED FROM
EE'-y 1118 Market st to 11 Taylor, room 1.
__T_p ATTORNEY- AT- LAW R. W. KING, RE-
*-*' moved to Chronicle bldg., room 91; advice
free; debts, insolvency, legal papers, all cases;
fees low; open evenings, 8 to 9.
j___\p COFFiiY' 5 COLLECTION COT 235
sV— 5" Kearny st, ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs raid. ■ Telephone Red 364.
(SITUATIONS WANTEJJ-_\K_IALE.
FOR RELIABLE HELP OF ALL NATION",
alities send your orders to MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Suiter eu; tele, main 5472.
Al GERMAN COOK WANTS POSI TION
J\ FENTON A CO., 122 Geary st.
ENGLISH OK SCOTCH SERVANT WANTS
J place with good people: also a French nurse
wishes a position. FUN TON _ CO.. 122 Geary st.
GERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, WITH
6 years' references, desires position: is trust-
worthy and very fond of children. 1685 Folsom.
COOK. GERMAN. DESIRES POSITION IN
KJ •mall American family; wages not under (20.
Address COMPETENT, box 14. Call Office.. .
■y OUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
I housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. 203
Powell St., m in 6. . •
'vo'hth cer&jan widow WITH ONE
v."< child wishes place as housekeeper- country
preferred. N. G. W., box 133, Call office.
OUNGGIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
-1 general housework. Call or address 523 l'o-
lr*r<(nve.: < all Monday.
IRST-CLASS F R~K NCH CHILDREN'S
drefsniitker aunts few more engagements by
the day, weeK or month; terms moderate: satis-
faction guaranteed.- Address H. H., box 122, Call.
VI ID"DLE-AGED LADY DESIRES POSITION
-lA as chambermaid or housekeeper, country pre-
ferred. Address (or call after 11!) MRS. JAMES,
*'■*'■> Twelfth sU, ban Francisco, room 10. |
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
Y OUNG WOMAN DESIRES A POSITION AS
1 cook or housekeeper. < Please call at 118 Eddy
St., room 5. No triflers need apply.
WIDOW WOULD LIKE A POSITION AS
tt housekeeper; country preferred. Addresi E.
L., box 99, Call Office. .■■■■:
T ADY' WITH CHILD 2 YEARS OLD WISHES
XJ situation in family: is a good cook. 635 Minna.
A MERICAN WOMAN DESIRES A POSITION
J\. as housekeeper; city or country. Boom 20,
620 Market st. \
-TVRESSMAKER GOES OUT BY THE #AY OR
XJ work done at home; reasonable. 207 Leaven-
worth st. ■ - • .
"\rOUNG GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
X housework; city or country. 2633 Post st.
"PELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
XV to assist light housework, or will bring up a
baby on bottle: wages verr moderate: city or
country. all or aldress 19 sixth st.
pOMPKTKNT COOK WISHES A SITUATION
V' in private family; also an infant's nurse; no
objection to country. 227 Hayes sU
TT-XPERIENCED INFANTS NURSE WISHES
X- position; excellent Oakland references and no
objection to country. Call on or address Nurse-
girl. 609 Gougb st-
"I ADY, EXPERIENCED TRAVELER, WISH-
XJ es to go East as nurse, companion or in any
capacity for expenses. Address W. 8.. box 62, Call.
VOONG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 1020 Market su, or 15
Eddy sU. room 20. second floor. '
T ADY AND HER DAUGHTER WISH SITU-
-11 ation to do cooking- best of references: city or
country. Address L. P., box 102, Call Office.
QWEDISH GIRL WISHES ATION TO
0 do general housework or second work. Call
237 Minna St., flat J.
DRESSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
XJ day in families; terms $1 per day. Address
917 Pacific st. ■ '
DRESSMAKER WANTS A FEW MORE EN-
XJ gagements by the day in families accustomed
to coed work : $1 per day. Address G. W., box
142. Call Office.
MARRIED GERMAN WOMAN 18 ANXIOUS
to get any kind of work by the day at $1 25.
Address G. W., box 60. Call Office.
AS HOUSEKEEPER BY .AMERICAN
widow, elderly ; good cook; will do the wash-
ing and cleaning of house or windows: good refer-
ence given; pay small. Call 151 Minna St., B. J.
p.OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of housework by the day; references. Call or
address 502 Stockton St., near Bush.
pERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
"I general housework. 129 Third st.
•TV" OMAN WANTS WORK TO DO HOUSE-
« » cleaning or washing. Apply 411 Polk su
YOUNG LADY WISHES A POSITION TO
X wait on invalid. Address Y. L., box 140, Call.
RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES TO DO
IV general housework; sleep home; wages $12.
Address 33 Crocker su, near junction of Haight
and Market sts.
I \r ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
» ' or as nurse or companion to a lady : salary sec-
ondary consideration. Address _. 8., Call Branch,
713 Larkin.
T\RESSMAKER, ACCUSTOMED TO" THE FIN-
XJ est work, wants a few more engagements : city
or country. Call or address 704 O'Farrell.
VTEAT. RESPECTABLE GtRMAN WOMAN
■-> wants situation as housekeeper;or lunch cook
in saloon ; good cook and housekeeper. 724 Mont-
gomery st., room 11.
FIRST-CLASS fX>OK WISHKS A SITUA-
J tion in a private American family: wagen not
less than $30; references. Call or address, COOK,
424 Post st.
POSITION BY A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
X who thoroughly understands housekeeping.
Please call or address 431 Eddy st.
pOMPETENT GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO
\J any kind of wont In the country. Apply pres-
ent place, 1616 Geary st.
ADY WANTS SEWING AND MENDING
by the day. 423 Church sU, near Sixteenth.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
O housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply 1135
Florida st.
AT" OUNG WOMAN WANTS SEWING FOR A
X store; good plain sewer; will take nearly all
the pay in trade; 1118 Howard st. L, REMKE,
room 11.
\r OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV
• X eruess, chamberwork or second work; good
references. S. G., box 17, Call Office.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day; washing and housecleaning. 534 Second. I
\\r IDOW WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
" keener; city or country. Call at 681 Mission
su, room 10, first floor.
I FRENCH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
take care of children or do upstairs work. In-
quire at 820 Franklin st., Oakland.
"yOUNG WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
X with a child wishes a housekeeper's position or
some light work to da Please call 917 Market su,
room 18.
\yiNC_E3TER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
situations WANTED— maIe.
UNTER^CO." CHHxE^E~A3J_nAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb St., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
KJ officq; best help. 414^ O'Farrell; teL E. 426.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Vy help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY— CO.. 640 Clay.
C. G. COOK'S SOU SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
■ branches -.short notice. 14 Geary. Grant 46.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
tl ofllce; best help. 3148 Sntter: tel. Grant 30.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE, 413
Stevenson sU, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
W. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
♦ ment office. 637 Commercial: teL black 1261.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the e'xperting of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office, .'
T WILL PAY $20 TO $50 TO ANY ONE SE-
X curing me steady employment. Address S. E.,
box 137, Call Office.
T AM A COMPETENT BUSINESS MAN WHO
X wants wort: the very best of references. Who
will give me a chance to work without salary until
proven a valuable man? Address E. W., box 89.
this office.
pOACHMAN AND GARDENER AND RELI-
V- 1 able man about place wishes a situation; city
or country. Address W. E., box 72, Call Office.
NGIN'EER WITH LICENSE' AND YEARS
of : experience in city and mines, can run
dynamo, wishes • situation; City or country. Ad-
drees S. A., box 83, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN WANTS WINDOW OR HOUSE
X cleaning or Janitor's work in exchange for
room or board ; good references. Address A. 8.,
box 62, Call Office.
TEADY MAN WANTS PLACE AS COACH-
O man and gardener; 7 years city reference-
city or country. E. O. H.. box 101, Call Office.
TEADY YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION
as driver; well acquainted with city. Address
Steady, box 124. Call Office.
pERMAN OF 56 YEARS, GOOD CARPEN-
VT tor, cabinet-maker and general house repair-
ing, wants position; city or country. Address G.
X., box 109, Call Office.
AKER FOREMAN ON BREAD OR BREAD
and cakes wants steady situation; city or coun-
try. Address 19 Zoe St., beu Third and Fourth
near Bryant. .
'OUNG MAN DESIRES EMPLOYMENT of
X some kind: has had 7 years' experience in an
Eastern wholesale hardware house. Address H.
W., box 34. Call.
AKER— YOUNG MAN, 23, WANTS PLACE
as assistant baker; good worker and workman
for small bakers; trustworthy; worked In big and
little jobs; take low wages. 8., 639 Clay st., s. F.
SITUATION WANTED —AS ASSISTANT
O bookkeeper and correspondent. B. H., box
123. Call Office.
ASK, IS A FINE DRIVER, KNOWS THE
care of fast horses and garden; can milk; with
good references. Address C C, box 29, Call.
WANTED— SITUATION OF ANY KIND BY
steady man; city or country; good reference.
Address E. X., box 103, Call.
ELIABLE, FIRST-CLASS MAN (GERMAN)
wants situation as coachman; is good, plain
gardener; good references: city or country. Ad-
dress F. C, box 137,|Ca1l Office.
AN AND WIFE, NO CHILDREN, DESIRE
situation to care for gentleman's residence or
any work. Address c. M. A., box 143. Call Office.
YOUNG SWEDE WOULD LIKE TO LEARN
-I. bartending: will work for small wages to begin
with. A. HALLSTROM, 845 Mission sU
BY SOBER, WILLING; PLEASE GIVE ME A
' trial as janitor, porter, teamster, or anything a
faithful man can do: references will be given Ad-
dress Sober, box 105. Call Office.
MAN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) want work,
city or country; wife good saving cook; man
used to kitchen or outside work; references, If re-
quired. Please call or address 32 Fourth, room 12.
/ ARDENEK— SITUATION WANTED BY A
V J German gardener; can milk and take care of
horses; references. Address Gardener, box 26
Call Office. • ■;•'•■■
PAPER-HANGER, WITH TOOLS. WANTS
J. piecework: paper hung 9c per rolL 620 Lar-
kin st. ■ - . . .. . ■ .
pOACHMAN — A YOUNG ENGLISHMAN
\J wishes place, having best of English, French
and American references: good salary expected
Address M. R., box 88, this office. **"=•--«
WANTED- BY RELIABLE, RESPONSIBLE
tt middle-aged man of good address position in
office or light bookkeeping; small wages. Address
H. R., box 63, Call Office.
OUNG MAN EXPERIENCED IN BOOK"
X keeping, shorthand and typewriting and good
penman desires position. Address B. X., box 94
Call Office. — ■
RELIABLE MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
XV valet or private waiter: has 18 years' refer-
ence. Address H. B. S., box 104, Call Office. \ .-'. *
ITUATI ON* W ANTED >AS COACHMAN-
thoroughly understand-} his business, also gar-
den and cows: • willing about- place: first-class
Eastern and California references. *4dress NED
1649 JJvereit St., Alameda, Cal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 18*H>.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
VbUNGMANOF22DESHIKirA~SITUATION
1 in business house or. store; willing to do any
kind of work; is a good stenographer and type-
writer and is familiar with office work and assist-
ant bookkeeping. Address »'. W., box 50, Call.
V"OUNG GERMAN OF 25 WOULD LIKE A
I job about a store or private place as porter, gar-
dener and care of horses, etc.; good references.
Address T. __, box 63, this office.
AN AND WIFE, WITH BEST 'REFER-
ence, desire position on a farm. Address .P.
YOUGLARD. 625 Pacific at.
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE;
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work; references.
Address T. 8.. box 63, Call Office. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, near
'» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and bagcaze to and from the ferry.
YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK OF ANY KIND
X with grocery firm; experienced cleric; will
drive wagon; best of reference. Address Clerk,
box 89, Call Office.
"RCHARDIST WANTS POSITION TO TAKE
\J charge orchard; vines, stock and general farm-
Ing; fifteen "years' California experience; Al ref-
erences. Address Ranch. 312V4 Fulton at. : . '
"WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: fret; bus an-! liaggare to »nd from trie ferry. _
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
ANTED —A T CHAMBERMAID (MUST
sew), private family, In country, $25; a first-
class cook, also a parlormaid and waitress, same
house in San Mateo. $35 and $25; nurse for in-
fant, for Mexico, $20; second girl. Mare Island,
$*0: waitress, plain hotel in country, $25: 4 good
housework girls to fill country places, $20 ana $25;
10 good housework girls for city, $25. Apply
MISS PLUNKETT. 424 Sutter st.
IDDL_-AGED GERMAN RANCH COOK,
$20 to $25: hotel waitress, country, $20:
young woman assistant cook, small country res-
taurant, $20. MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay St.
"VfEAT WOMAN, ABOUT 30 TO 35 YEARS OF
JA age, to cook for men, $15: housework, small
family. $20; 50 women and girls can find situa-
tions at MURRAY * READY'S. 634 Clay st.
EMMA SIEGMUND, WAITRESS. PLEASE
report. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
GIRL ASSIST IN DRAWING AND DRAFT-
ing in machine-shop; $35. C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 110 Geary st. -
HOUSEKEEPER FOR VALLEJO, $15;
housekeeper for Yolo County, $15; Swedish
housekeeper for Solano County, $15: German
cook, city. $20: girls for housework, $16 and $20;
yi Him: girls, lleht housework, $10 to $15. C. R.
11 A N'sk.n «fe CO.. 110 Geary st.
EXTREMELY LIGHT SERVICES in EX-
changefor office room. Address room 4, 226
Market st. - -
\\r ANTED— GIRL FOR PLAIN (.K.\h«Al,
II housework: no baking; very small wash;
must dp good-natured and kind to children: wages
$16. Address FAIR PLAY, box 43, Call Office.
A DIES.- X MAKE BIG WAGES AT HOME
J and want all to have the same opportunity;
the work is very pleasant and will ea«ily pay $18
weekly: this is no deception; 1 want no money'
and ill gladly send full particulars to all sending
stump. MISS M. A. STEBBINS, Lawrence, Mich.
V"EAT YOUNG GIRL: CHAMBEK WORK OK
1> waiting; well recommended. J. P. JOHN-
STON _ CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
ADY IN EACH TOWN TO REPRESENT
wholesale house; well paid for part time: in-
close samp for reply. 131 Post St., room 21.
A*/" ANTED— PUPILS TO LEARN MILLIN-
>' cry; thoroughly qualified for taking posit ions
for fall season; elegant goods to work with; rea-
sonable. 1104 Market -v., room 32.
PPRENTICE TO LEARN FIRST-CLASS
-.' V. vestmaking. 60- Washington St., room 10.
GIHI. FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. 1326
Guerrero st.
ADY OK GENTLEMAN WANTING INDE-
pendent position send 25c; no stamps. Fern
Roma Company, Portland Or.
*4»; ANTED — PUPILS FOR A M.ILLINERY-
' ' school; class forming for fall season; thorough,
practical: satisfaction guaranteed; reasonable.
410 Leavenworth st.
/■- IKL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
VJ 10 9 Castro st.
]" EARN THE DRESSMAKING TRADE THOR-
o ughly at MRS. R. L. JONES' Dressmaking
School, 605 Fell sU
Y'KKr treatment TO the poor (mag-
X 1 netically) Mondays and Fridays, 10 to 12; con-
sultation free. IO'J6 Market st., room 1. .
EXPERIENCED FINISHERS ON LADIES'
Fj cloaks. DANNENBAUM, MUELLER _
KAHN, 723 Market »U ■ ■
RIGHT YOUNG WOMAN AS OFFICE AS-
X) sistant; not under V 5: references. Address
Bright, box 50, Call Office.
APPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERY
__ Tues. in dresscutling. 14 McAllister, room 67.
"PENSIONS— 11. SHEPARD & CO., OLD RK-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th St., Oakland.
AIKDKESMNG, 25c AND Htm. MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
OAT-FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
KJ street.
\l OST CONVENIENT AND REBPECTABLE;
>-TX Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
r\RESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
XJ taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c cd. MCDOWELL Academy. 21 X Powell st.
MALE HELP WANTED.
HfTsAWMILL LABORERS! NO^ EXPE^
*J\J rience required. $20 and found, half fare paid
by company: 30 tlemakers, 8c and 10c each; 5
woodchoppers, 81 per cord: charcoal burner, 10c j
sack. MURRAY A HEADY, leading employment
agents, 634 and 36 Clay st. .
1A WAITERS. $25 AND $30; 6 COOK s, $30
i." and $65; 4 dishwashers: ironer Troy ma-
chine. MURRAY A READY, leading employment
agents. 634 and 636 Clay .it.
O< 1 FARMERS FOR ORCHARDS. VINE-
— ' ' yards, ranches,s26: 10 haymakers. $26. MUR-
RAY A READY, leading employment agents,
634 and 636 Clay st. .
"1 f\ MILKERS FOR DIFFERENT PLACES,
11/ city and country; 6 teamsters, $26. MUR-
RAY & READY, leading employment agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. ;
ANTED— BUTTER-MAKER AND SALES-
man for butter and egg depot in city; no
milking: »30 and good home; American preferred.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay si,
ANTED — 4 WAITERS, HOTEL NEAR
city. $25 per month and found, good place;
cook, across the bay. $35 and washing, room, etc.,
nice place. W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st.
ANTED—- MINERS FOR A QUICKSILVER
mine, $52 per month, good job; American
butter-maker for city, no milking to do, $30 and
found, Al place; 4 milkers, $i! 0; 1 • woodenopper
ior Sonoma County, good layout, $1 25 per cord;
also farmers, haying-hands, laborers, cooks, wait-
ers and dishwashers. W. D. EWER A CO., 626
Clay st. ■
"VfEAT YOUNG PANTRYMAN, CITY, $6 A
-L > week; washer, country laundry. $35 and
found; second cook, hotel, city, $35. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
THIRST - CLASS LAUNDRYMAN, IRONER
I arid operate Tyler machine, $40, room and
board; also man -for ranch, haying, $20. J. P.
JOHNSTON <fc CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
-yoUNO MAN TO LEARN TUNING AND
X repairing: steady employment by traveling
tuner; stamp for reply. j Address E., box 73, this
office.
ANTED— BOY TO WAIT AT TABLE.
1403 Valencia st. ...
A MEN FOR PEDDLING WOOD. APPLY
~J 810 Sixth St.
"YOUNG MAN FOR WINEHOUSE, "WHO IS
X able and willing to assist in all work and bar-
tending; give references from late employers and
experience. Address Wine, box 103, Call.
PLASTERER AND LATHER WANTED;
X small job. Call at 410 Maple st.
oTto work IN DRUGSTORE. apply
at 1249 Market su, corner Ninth.
V OUNG MANAS PORTER IN SALOON. 230
X Pacific st,
STEADY MAN WITH $300: SALARY $80;
mechanic . preferred. Address M., box 101,
Call Office. . - ■ :
ANTED— EARNEST MEN AND WOMEN
to engage In lucrative employment on guar-
anteed salary. For particulars call' on C R. B.
McuOWN, 1916 Haste st., Berkeley. • ,
1) ELIABLE PARTY TO SELL STOCK OF
XV mining corporation on commission. C, box 3,
Call.
________________________________
ANTED— BARBER TO BUY A GOOD 16-
-•» cent shop on Sixth St., near Market;" will be
sold to highest bidder; very cheap rent. Make
offer at 164 Second st., cigar-store. *
rpAILORS WANTED FOR SEATROOM: CON-
-1 venlent place. 803 Montgomery st,, room 6,
third floor.
XPERIENCED WAITER; $160 PER DAY.
113 Seventh st. .■•-".-:-
ANTED— A GENTLEMAN OR LADY FOR
a responsible position as treasurer and ticket-
seller; one to travel; must have $100 security.'
Call 846 Mission St.. Sunday and Monday, 11 to 2
P. M. and 4 to 7:30 P.M.", room 8, second floor. .
ANTED— AND WOMEN TO WORK
at home; 1 pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patentee, method anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening; send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. - .. .:.■.-.;
ANTED— AT ROOM 317, • 328 MONTGOM-
ery st., clerks and | laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts. ... .
• ANTED— A MAW WHO UNDERSTANDS
taking care of 2. horses 'and wagon; not lor
driving; but make himself useful in the store as a
porter; steady place for the right man. X., box
126. Call Office. ' •
WANTED— A, SCENIC PAINTER; ONE
IT that understands papier mache work; by the
day orcontract. Apply tiO9 Sacramento sU, rm. 7.
OARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X* ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
I-JARBEKS— FOR KMPLOYM-NT CALL SEC-
, ■ •-> re'.arv Barbers' Asso.; 325 Grant are. a FUCHS.
HELP WANTED-Continued. _
*RA^BE*R^a BSoIctATIOirOF C A L EMPLO Y-
X* menu Secy, P. C.Hamann. 229 "4 O'Farrell.
an FINE business FOR SALE:
-_"V/. trade: security; cheap. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. - , ■ •:
PLEASE WRITE AT ONCE; IMPOR-
-0 tant news for you. ■ MAX. 478 Jersey.
•ANTED-INWHOLESALEHOUSE.YOUNG
** man - stenographer, typewriter and general
utility: references: state salary expected. Utility
box 12, Call. ■ ■ ■
EXPERIENCED CASSIMBRE WEAVERS;
-Ci men of families preferred. ■ Oregon City Manu-
facturing Company. Oregon City, Or.
Wanted— partner good paying
" business, $15 to $20 per week; small capital
required. Ad. P., or call 826 21st su, Oakland. -
\\l ANTED-BARBEU TO BUY A 4-CHaIR
''shop with lease; best location on Market St.;
price $260. 8., box 134, Call Office. .
"Y"e"w~ Waldo HOUSE. 765 MISSION, bet.
— 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
week $1 to 92 50; reading-room ; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls: clean: quiet; open all night.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDKRBURN _ fo., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. '.
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, 92 60
and $3: -ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. - -
LCHO- HOUSE, 8631/2 MARKET ST
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; 91 to 9S week.
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price, 6c,
10c, 16c per night: clean beds, sunny rooms.
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to 93 per week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\\r ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School. 1616 Howard.
C KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
/ acts adjusted. RATTO'B. 612 My, teL m. 353.
EST IN CITY— SING iE ROOMS. 16, 20 AND
26 cents per night. $1. $1 26. 91 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdortf sts.
CALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR 92 60;
J half-solelng 26c up. P69 Howard at., nr. Sixth.
ASTHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
. A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
S. REMOVED ttO9 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _._T-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
DOOMS 160 TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 60
XX per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
W~ ~~ANTEI>.TO( '01-I. ECT WAGES DUE LABOR
I" era <&cl erics. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Suiter
HAT CHEER HOUSE, s_t) SACRAMENTO
su-, 200 rooms; best In the city: single rooms
SO and 26c a night, # 1 a week: meals 10c.
I INDELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
■ ' sts. ; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c night.
__.__MK.\ To TAKE LODGING AT 100, 16c
Xl'U and 200 a night. Including cortoo and rolls.
624 Washington su, near Kearny.
\\FANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY: $1
TT v«ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 a week-
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
\\r ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
»' Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;'
not less than 6 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important oratich of the naval
bervlce offers special inducements; giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco,
Cal. \
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
'» your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
■: one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
VI JSNTO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
-»l all grooers keep iv
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to 91 25. f>62 Mission.
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOU 6c;
1 also a bottl tof lager, sc. at 637 Clay su
"PRY acme house. «u7 ->;.vKkkt st., be-
i ___r SlT'h. for !< ~V»— • '""■ P ..i.-v,-- .$1 _ w<>»ic.
AGENTS AY ANTED.
GENTS "WANTED INHAYWARDsySAN
A Leandro and Alameda; an energetic woman
of Rood address for lucrative employment. Ad-
dress G., Alameda.
OW TO GET RICH— THINGS THAT
people want: we have them, and aluminum
agents are in it ; send for catalogue. Aluminum
Novelty Co.. 118 Sutter su
GENTS— MALE OR FEMALE. FOR CAN-
vaßsing books, rail 401 ' enth su
I- . _ . BOOMS ,- WANTED.
Tj"URNISHED SUNNY ROOM: NORTH OF
X! Geary, west of Octayia; terms moderate. MIS
T. , box 147. Call Office. ■ . -
17-URNISHED ROOMS BY MOTHKR AND
daughter: light housekeeping; references ex-
Changed. Address F. 8., box 124, Call Office.
pENTLEMAN WANTS ROOM AND BOARD
VJ" in a young widow's family. R.. box 36, Call
BOARDING WANTED.
W ANTED-BOARD AND C A RE^FOR~II«'-
-" valid (man) in plain Catholic family where
there is a man for company; cottage or flat pre-
ferred: must be reasonable. Address INVALID,
! box 131. all Office. .-■■'■'.--
PARTNERS WANTED.
TprAiTrNEin % l£oTFElT3?^
X quired. OWNER. 1176 East Fourteenth St.,
Oakland.
WANTED-MISCE__ANEOUS.
W"~~~ArJTE^^TO^RE^«T^^ivAIiLE^TENTi
if suited will buy. Address W. B. L., box
329, Call Branch Office. -
THIRST-CLASS DENTIST WILL EXCHANGE
X 1 dentistry for carpets. Address, Dentist, box 50.
Call Office. •
ANTED— ASSAYER'S SCALE OR COM-
plete assaying outfit; must be first-class. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2046.
WANTED-OLD GOLD for manufactur-
TT ing. O. NOLTE, 222 O'Farrell st. -
IGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
XX children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
O elr~ to A. KLKTN7 109 Sixth st. : send postaL
LOST.
OST-IN^ H(^i^N^s"iNSTITUTE ~QF ART,
Friday afternoon, a purse containing a large
sum of money. Finder will receive a liberal re-
ward if returned to '.'2O Fifth st. • .
OST— ELK BADGE MARKED W. L. FIN-
INGER, San Francisco Lodge No. 3. Deliver
810 Guerrero St.: reward. ■ ~
OST— BREASTPIN; TWO HEARTS, WITH
pearls; liberal reword.' 109 Crocker building.
LOST— 2 BLACK CATS; WHITE MARKS ON
throat. Return to S. R. MOUNT, 213 Mont-
gomery St.; liberal reward.
T OST— ENGLISH PUG, FROM 44 EAST ST.,
XJ answering to the name of Prince: reward.
WHITE SPITZ DOU; SUBJECT To FITS.
TT. Return to 2852 Folsom St.; $20 reward. • '
OST— PA&SBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of ANNIE RICHARDS. No.
170408. The .tinder will please return to bank.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
thenameof MAX LANDER, No. 128725. The
finder will please return to bank. .
SOCIETY RkCEIPT BOOK. RETURN
6 Taylor, barber-shop: reward. '
ROWN SEALSKIN CAPE ATCALEDONIAN
•*-» picnic; 95 reward; no questions asked. Re-
turn .1. ROSE, Fourteenth st. and Kaiiroaa aye.,
South San Francisco. ;.. ■
JUNE 6- YORKSH IRE TERRIER: FEMALE ;
O name Fairy; liberal reward. 1450 Sacramento.
OST OR . STOLEN— YESTERDAY, BLACK
Newfoundland dog; : old scar on nose; sliver-
linked collar. Return 1432 Jackson st. ; receive
reward. : ■■ ■ .-.::,: r: ■■ -
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
AD V ICI? FREE— DI "VORCE^LA WS~X~SPE_I^
ally; private; | no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
LE.PHILLIPS-U.S. AND STATE COURTSI
• R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. ) Offices 608 California sU
\J. NOLEN, ATTOKNEY-AT-LaW. 719
• Market su: advice free.
TJ. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X. law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14. 15.
W" W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNKY-A 1-LAW.42O
'■ California St.. rooms 14 and 16: advice free.
STORAGE. ____^X,
TH. ROONe'yT72VmTsSION— STORAGE AT
.redeced rates: basement storage,*! 50 per load
STORAGE-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin. .
f- URN ITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
X' vances, shipping. CHAS. L..TAYLOR.2O4POSU
LOW ESI' RATES- FURNITURE. PIANOS.
household goods, etc. J. M. "''erce, 735 Markeu
B. BMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fl-e-i>roof hnlldln": Kastern plan.
REVVING ; MACHINES.
' ffl» C UPWARD^ RENT $1 50 TO $1 75
W*-> monthly; repairing 26c; ■ bought and ex-
changed; needles for all machines. 146 Sixth st.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT,' SOLD, EXCHANGED,
■fV rented, repaired ; lowest raws. -05 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS.
_ _ _^^^ r)
V Os T, $30; CALIGRAPH,'-$26: SEND FOR
' X sample work. SCOTT _ BANNAN, 333 Monty
PERSONALS.
ny^n^knowlin^^heTa^dbe^s"^
-TV- Newton C. Reynolds, the heir to Lucy M.
Brown, late wife of Everett N. Reynolds, -please
communicate immediately with JOHN L.BOONE.
attorney-at-law. 214 Pine St., San Francisco. Cal._
GERMAN HARD-WORKING BUSINESS
vr man of 42, Catholic a- a of ; sober habits, de-
sires acquaintance .of. a .plain working girl or
widow from 30 to 40, of some means, to assist in
a good paying business: "object, matrimony. Ad-
dress B. A., box 127, Call Office. ' ■
\\7 IDOW, 40 YEARS, WITH HOME. DESIRFS
■ 'T acquaintance of eentleman 46 ito -60. with
means; object, matrimony. Honorable, box 76, Ca11.
C CALIFORNIA GOLD < MINES— 810, RICH,
J free-milling ledges: wonh millions for only few
thousands and on easy terms: ' capitalists investi-
gate: wanted— more California gold mines; pros-
pectors let me hear from you. CHARLES F.
BLACKBURN. K.earny st.
ALICE— TOM SAYS HIS GIRL GOT HER
hair dressed at G.LEDEKER'S, 111 Stockton
St.. and it was "out of sight": you'd better go
there; it's only 25c, too; the store is nearest Geary
"•-■-.--■■'..••■•' ;..;_... ROSE.
EGGS, 10c A DOZEN; BUTTER, 20c PER
roll: 'condensed milk, 5c per can;" sardines, 5c
per can; (jelly, 10c a can;- cornstarch, 5c per pack-
age; picnic hams, 6c per pound; Eastern hams, 8c
per pound; 20 pounds sugar, $1; flour, 85c a *ack;
25 pounds of prune*. Dears, apricots or apples, $1.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth su, between the two
markeis. ■; - ;>:».« ' . ■ . .:
I. DECSI ..- ;.'- •• . . -.
•' • •■" : (Late of Paris and London),
' DESIGNER OF STANDARD SYSTEM :
IN
LADIES' GARMENTS, CAPES, ETC.. '
will teach above method at customer's domicile
if required. . . ■ , - . -. . ; • •
For information and prices inquire at 1714 Post
•treet. • ■• ..,.....-
Patterns of any design promptly executed.
DANCING-BALLROOM^RSTAGETAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. 8. Minu
RAG CA RPETS WOVE ORDER.FOR SALE;
J v also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth sU. Oakland, Cal.
AIR DRESSED, 26c; SHAMPOO, 25c: MAN-
lenre, 25c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 2O.elevatr.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL .OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngton, R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Piue.
ADVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPB-
dalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection 1. wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market st
RAZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
One edge put on razor for 25 cent.* ■
PARISIAN "MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X. course taught in six weeics; competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
TT ic-w prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
MALLORY A SWAN SON, CONTRACTORS
and builders; store, bank and office fixtures.
41 1 Taylor st. , • . ,
pONBUMPTION TREATED BY A NEW
KJ method. ■ DR. AMERICAN, 36Va Geary St.;
boors 12 to 2 :3 a :-. ■ ■ .: . "
EO. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4. * •.-',■.',■■;;-•-
-SUITB TO ORDER INSTALLMENTS TO '
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, lll7 Market st., bet 7th and Bih.
npilE KCONOMY" MILLINERY, red FRONT,
X 40, 46 Sixth st; children's school hats 6c ; dyed,
pressed 26c. ; Mats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c
LIBKi;AL'A->VANCi.S ON DIAMONDS, jiiW-
elry, etc.: lowebi '-.•es. UAH Market st.
QPECIAL— SHIPPER A CO., MERCHANT
OTailors. Sprecke-ls building; 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; conn try trade solicited. -
mRUNKS MOVED, 26 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 48 Sutter st. ; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us. ■ '
IIiAA CARDS. $160; SHOW CARDS. 16c:
1 i\)\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary su, r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
- V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress 'goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings. ,
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third sU, near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night ; $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage, to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
CITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, rendered from Larkin st. to 19 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
WIG OUTDOOR BTKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living; light; 'promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market sU
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
pLOAKS. CAPES AN- SUITS RETAILED AT
KJ mfrs' cost Factor- VO P»n«t>Ti» «' . nog— •
J ""I 1 TJKESSMAKKKS. '*. : "
i T\RESS_S $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
XJ lawn $1 up. 606% f< atom ft st., above Sixth.
i EDI) CATION A_.
ANJcT^AND^ PTANcS LN^TRUCTION^;
prices reasonable; pupil of : George Dobson,
New York: home 2 to 8 p. x. H. L, MILLER,
907 Howard st.
L"XPEKIENCED TEACHER WISHES FEW
X_ more adult pupils of neglected education: 'pu-
pils coached; strictly private. Call or address F.
G., 619 Geary su '- • ' .: . >..*■.---
MRS. MELVILLE- SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Sutter si.; vocal music, piano, elocution; dra
matte elocution; skirt-dancing,' minuet, gavotte,
etc. Vocal classes Monday, B'r.m. ; ■ $1 per month.
TJOOKKEIiPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
X) ant teaching; 1/3 time * and '■ far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Markeu
"TtTENdIbTIEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 market
A. St. The very best individual . instruction;
20 trial lessons In Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free. •
TTECHT'S 10-LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
XX latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), 826. 927 Market.
(~\ UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL,
VT lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
"PRIVATK ACADEMY' OF DANCING; CLASS-
Xes Tues. and Frl. Misses HCDDY, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707. Markeu
JOSEPH GREVEN. VOICE-IMPROVER. 83
J Ninth sU , >:-■■... ■"-. ,:.,...
"I>OOKKPNG, WRITNG. ARITHMTC, GRAM R
X> day & nlsht: noclasses: $5 month". 845 Mission
i'ANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTIUAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 re. Maze b1d.,r.37.
S'PaNISH. FRENCH, -.MODERATE.
CjMelßterscbaft School Languaces, 122 O'Farrell s:
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery su;*. Individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc; -life
scholarship $50; low rates per. week and month.
ELASCO'B LYCEUTft SCHOOL OF. ACTING—
X> Private theatricals ■ arranged : . pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and MkU
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanioal engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 72»MHU
EALD'S'BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 ' POST 81V
Bookkeeping; business ' practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modem
1 languages rapidly taught, Write for catalogue. _ ;
NIGHTSCHOOL;HKALir!S«i S. COLLEGER!
post ; t'Oiji m **f*f*i fl ' **H i*r* h^ *i*^. T^n*''^^*! * 'aw ?*%"•"'
_ - FOR SALE-ailS CELL ANE O V \ j ,
tfpRiGHT' boiler"" a n d " • engine7~6
-■ horse-power; Bxl2 rock-breaker. Engineer •*
404 Third st. V" .- '•' i ■::■'■' ' '
VTEW 1896 HIGH-GRADE TANDEM 81-
-1> cycle at a bargain. . IRA BORRICK, 14 San-
som st., room 37. ■ V^-, :.--; . / -. ■, .
ST. BERNARD POPS: ROUGH COAT: THOR-
oughbred; sired by largest 8 . Bernard in the
State. * 812 Elizabeth st., west of Castro. ■ ■■
BARGAIN-GENTLEMAN'S HEAVY 18-K.
gold chain and diamond pin. 916 Jackson - >-
131 CYCLES-THREE NEW WHEELS: ALSO
XJ three show-cases; can be bought cheap at 113
Battery st. i■- . • ■ '■ -- » - •- -.^— ■■. -
EGHORNS, WHITE, BROWN AND BUFF,
XJ $1 each: fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alameda. ;...'. '.. ./-..:.» ■■
CHICKS; 10c EACH; HATCHED BY
oUU Schule's self-regulating hot-water incu-
bator; best tp the world. 1213 Valencia su . . .
OR BALE-2 GOOD MINING PROPERTIES;
one almost ready for operation, having devel-
opment work and mill: the other a regular bullion
producer, netting $2000 per month. Address Gold
Mines, box 66, Placerville, Cal. ,■•'•■' :•- ■ \ ■
ATEW A 2NP-HAND " : 95" BICYCLES, $25, TO
— 1 $66. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
OUNT E-R S, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
KJ bought and sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
QIX-HORSEPOWER GAS : OR ; GASOLINE
O engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay su ,--• . .-;-•■ : -.),:■ .... , - .
IRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
'XT ton band press; also eighth medium Universal*,
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office. __• ' : ,'
QECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
O glnes; various sizes: guaranteed perfect order ;
bargain. , G. £.. box 100, Call. , .. , . ,
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex.', 310 California.
IjOILERB,BNGLNES,2D-HANDMACHINERY.
I » waterplpes. j Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 Beale.
UILDINGH BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
doors, mantels, etc.. fir sale.'. 1166 Mission.
ON SMALL MEDi till AND LARGE
lire and bnr_:.-.r proof safe. 109. 11l Market si.
I/IRE AND BURGLAR SAFI-*, ■; LETTEK-
X press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
TVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN 6KCOND-
X\ hand. W. S. BAY Mfg Co.. 13 Calif ornla v
■ _: i:^A^_ ■•BlCycles,;";-:."'^; I.:'^1 .:'^
ARK CYCLER "WHEELS : __fT
best ! accommodations. -Terminus - Geary, Mo
All later and Bo well st. car lines. - . .
CPotm:ash paid" for stocks of mer-
S chandise. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
<_Tq_-_a RESTAURANT and oyster pah-
3byUU. lor taking in 935 a day; fine local'ty.
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain, see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe, i-
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ' -
1c An BEER BOTTLING WORKS; 3
IOUU. teams; fine route; business actually
vlng above expenses. $160 month: Investigate
this rare chance; the place will stand the ; full^t
investigation. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hallave__
_«onnn partner; ONE OF THE BEST
Sh_!UUU. paying newspapers in lively northern
town; presses aud type all of the latest: all countj
printing: object for selllnc need the services of en-
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
H~ AYE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY BUSI-
-11 ness places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
<_.1 AAA PARTNER in fine BUSINKSs;
JfeIUUU. no Sunday or evening work: the
place is already established and doing well : will
stand the fullest Investigation, with the finest ret
erence: ' experience not required. T. LUBJJ,i<»^ir
7 City Hall aye. ! ' -■ ' •.-.-'
C-Q^A 10 ROOMS ALL FURNISHED COM-
fIfiOOU. plete; 936 income above all expenses
fine locality; cheap rent: rooms all full: l "* 81 '"
gate this at once. T. LUBE-SKI, 7 City Hall a\e,
ft inn CIGAR-STORK; STOCK AND FIX-
tures Invoice $160: must sell to-day.
Appply to-day, Sunday. BARRETT _ SKIH, II
to 2p. M-, 921 Market . ' .
<£7^A WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
»TO i OU and notion business; clearing over $100
a U r n B ? AR D R J ETT 4 i j__3_
S6O. _i? B bß __S. oH __^i /cl, D 8? 3
Market. . _________———-————
©inn -BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION
«S_UU. store; 3 living rooms; good stock:
cheap rent ; bargain. HICKOK A CO.. 873% Market
o_i)Z(\f\ CASH GROCERY "BUSINESS:
»]SZOUU. horse and wagon; , flirst-cUss busi-
ness: good outside trade. HICKOK A CO., 873%
Market. ...-.■-■ ■ ■
fljj^-r A SACRIFICE: COFFEE AND CHOP
i_s _OU. house; clearing $100 a month; present
owner, 4 years, has other business. HICKOK _
CO.. 873% Market st.
0_ -IRA SALOON: 9 FURNISHED ROOMS;
<fo-iDU. worth 91200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
OR SALE-SALOON DOING GOOD BU Si-
nes': cause for selling sickness. Address T. R.
GOULD, box 8. Petaluma.
"C>OR SALE-EXPRESS BUSINESS: 2 SINGLE
X 1 wagons. Stand corner Sansome and Hutter, J.
C. FREDERICKS, owner.
/"IHEAPFOR CASH —NEW ENGLAND HOME
\J Bakery. 1817 Powell st. '
ARTNER FOR BOTTLING BEER BUSl-
ness ; experience not necessary. 712 Fourteenth.
TiUTCHKR-SHOP FOR RENT; NO. 1 FIX-
X> tures: low rent. Apply • UMBSEN <fc CO., 14
Montgomery sU
T\RUGSTORE — PAYING STORE; LONG
XJ established: suitable for physician; invoice
$1600; will sell for 91000. Address Drug, box 97.
Call Ofllce. : ' '
flll^n A WELL- ESTABLISHED . BUSl-
tj; i « )U. ness, paying a net cash income of $13
weekly, which can be proven to buyers' entire satis-
faction, no agents. Address C. R., box 84, Call.
/CALIFORNIA GOLD MINES— BIG. RICH,
KJ free-milling ledges— worth millions, for only
a few thousand, and on easy terms: 'capitalists. In-
vestigate; wanted, more California to.d mines;
prospectors, let me hear of you. CHARLES F.
BLACKBURN, 824-826 Kearny st., city.
<_ r. AA FINE SALOON ON MARKET ST-
(JnuUV/, nr. the Baldwin: must be sold at once;
a bargain to the right party; trial given if desired;
no agent need apply. Address E., box 94, this
office. ' ,
WANTED — PARTY WITH $250 TO EN-
gage in a business affording largest profits in
city. Address Profit, box 101, call.
riONFECTIONERY-STORE IN FINE LOCA-
KJ tion; good business; clears $60 a month. 1635
Polk st. .
piIANCE FOR WOODWORKER TO ENTER
KJ business: small capital. G. H., box 75, C all.
ANTED— LADY WITH CAPITALTO TAKE
a one-third interest in a most lucrative busi-
ness; a certain fortune in a few years: every In-
vestigation courted. Write for interview to X.,
box 114, Call Office.
BAKERY, GROCERY AND COFFEE SALOON ;
best location: good stock: party has been there
10 years: reason sickness. Inquire 207 Seventh.
VArOuD, COAL AND EXPRESS: PAYS 9126
" » per month, for sale. 810 sixth st.
TATE AGENCY: PLEASANT, LEGITI-
mate business; proven profits 93000 yearly;
more in eight: only 9500 cash required. B. J. D..
box 11. Call Office.
"L-OR SALF— RESTAURANT, CHEAP FOR
X cash; splendid location: doing good business;
rent, $25: cause, family troubles. Apply at once,
116 Sixth St.. room 14, Detween 12 and 3 p. if.
WANTEfi— PARTY WITH $2000 TO $3000
tt to purchase a one-third or one-half interest in
an enterprise that will pay at least $5000 per year.
Only small sum need be paid down, balance can be
placed in bank as working - capital. The present
owner is a professional man, and cannot aevote to
it the necessary lime. To an honest, reliable man
he is willing to give entire charge aud manage- I
menu Positively no risk, as business is assured. !
About 800 acres of land are included in the propo-
sition. ; Only those meaning strict business need
apply. If you want a good thing, Investigate this.
M., box 92, Call Office. ■ ■
GROCER x -STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED
VJT stock, doing large family trade; this is a fine
opportunity to get a good-paying business. Par-
tlcalars of J. B. MIHaN, 609 Kearny su
TT-OR SALE — HORSE, HARNESS, BUGGY,
X bicycle, 1 electric fan; for sale, trade or se-
enrity: a bargain. Columbia, 128 Fourth su
HOLE BAKERY OUTFIT; MOVABLE
»»■ oven : for sale, trade, security. Columbia, 128
Fourth st. . ■ •:■ -. ■
OR SALE— OF THE BEST AY ING
businesses In the city; will sell, trade or secur-
ity. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.  '
ft! i-\ft EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
•4P-»-*Jv/., stand; clears $80 . per month; sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205 Larkin.
ALF INTEREST IN SALOON; WELL PAY-
ing; good location: rare chance for a good
man. Apply this office.' • •
BTABLISHED CANDY AND ICE-CREAM
X- factory: living rooms. 403 Jones st. ,-
T^OR SALE — WELL-ESTABLISHED MIL-
X linery and dressmaking business; on account
of ill-health, at a sacrifice. Address M. M., box 80
Call Office. • • < .
RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS: SUNNY
1 rooms: good corner; low rent. 449 Guerrero.
HOTEL, 26 ROOMS. CHEAP: SELL ON AC-
count sickness; rent $35. Apply this office.
GROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
VJ Apply this office. : . . ■
ARGAIN-FKUIT. CANDY AND CIGAR
store. Hayes-sU entrance to Golden Gate Park.
AKTNER WANTED ON 6-ACRK FRUIT
ranch stocked ■ with . hogs • ana poultry: Fruit-
vale. , Apply 34 Donohue building.
S~ ALOONFORBALE-$800; WELL STOCKED"
O good . location; good reason for selling* no
agents. Address T., box 60, this office.
ILK BUSINESS OF 30 CANS, RETAIL
trade, for sale cheap; must be sold by the 15th
of June. Apply this office. ■ "
pOR. SALOON WITH LIVING ROOMS-
V cheap rent: bargain. Apply 212 Eighth sU, cor.
renama. jSPSSftfIEkMSRi
FOR SALE-FRUIT AND CANDY STAND;
J inside depou Cor. California st. and Central aye.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. ■ M., box 2, Call.
•T7LOUR-SACKS~FOR SALE; NICE! CLEAN.'
i>o a « d J? 00 ' 1 order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific su, basement. -- >
ANTED— YOU TO LIST YOUR BUSINESS
*» with us; will sell it In 3 days or treat; we have
buyers for ail kinds of businesses- Columbia, 128
Fourth su , ; • , \-.\ . .•-,; .- , ...
G GROCERY. AND BAR; GOOD LOCATION
\J and business. Apply Call Office.
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
VT Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 63^ Market, room 2.
$300 ORCEr> SALE-FIRST-CLASS Pa Y-
«?.°y; • ln * branch- oakery, candy delicacies
and stationery-store, .with furniture, on account of
death. Inquire at this office. -»'./.- . ■, ,
WELL-ESTABLISHED CANDY, TOBACCO
.■:»» and stationery store, with ice cream and ta-
male parlor attacnedj for sale cheap. Apply 1314
wfirQ st* . *
T-OR SALE-BRANCP BAKERY, DELI-
-o™_*r . la ° eh . roOD •' doing good business.
2708 1 wenty-fourtß St.. nr. Potrero ;no agents.
T HAVE A FINE OPPORTUNITY FOR A MAN
X with ' small capital 10 enter into partnership
with present owner: capital wanted to extend
bustn»ss; this Is a good chance; investigate it. Ad-
dress G. 8.. box 84, Call Office.
L"INE CORNER SALOON; GOOD LOCATION"-
\__*™j____*___ 9 ™ *&?!""• AppV
A? ARG _ A I N: CORNER SALOON, WITH 11
furnished rooms In business part of the city-
present owner conducting business for 12 years"
reason, retiring from business. Apply SW. cor
Sacramento and Drumm ats. «Pi»«y ow.cor.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ lady of means, $33 capital. 12 Mason st., rm. 2
M AR ! x £ r HOTEL -TO RENT. UNFUR-
i»i^ nlsh ? d , : terms reasonable; 56 rooms; In good
order. D. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal. ' ,
$2^o BRAN BAKERY*, CANDY AND
<$)-,<J\J. notion store; 2 living-rooms; good
trade. ApplyJjK)2i^ Howard st. ■ '
"L'OK SALE ON ACCOUNT OF GOING EAST—
■i- Bakery and notion-store. Apply 1401 Baker
<81l 900 OR OCERY; 3 ROOMS; HORSE
tC-L— w. and wagon. 918 Central aye.. Ala-
meda.
TO LEASE IN.MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
J- county, Occidental Hotel and bar; rent $25.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. PRITCHABD, 12 Mar-
ket st. ... '...-.. .......
THIRST-CLASS PAYING STEAM LAUNDRY
X for sale; good location: established 20 years; 5
or 10 years' lease of urouti 1 and building as de-
sired. Address J., box 164, ttis office.
Cozy saloon; central and north of
Market. Address Cozy, box 36, Call: no agents.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
Lnitrd States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ws free.
"LODGING-HOUSES TOR SALE.
I' F YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODa
1 ing-house see T. LUBELSKI. 7 City HajUve.
1 r-KOOJI COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIv
1 0 must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st. "*'
A -ROOM CORNER HOUSE, $650; WORTH
Z4 $2500: muse be sold. DECKER. 1020 .Market
no BOOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL: ONi.Y *12ua
DO worth 92000. Apply DECKER, 1020MarlceU
Ta R..OMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY~FuS:
10 nished; 9360. DECKER. 1020 Market 8t
ffl»l CAA 60-ROOM HOTEL, NEAR C.\T(jv"
IOUU. Iron Works; low rent: selling _.
couut of death. BARRETT - SKIFF. 921 M a S rk *°
h>l SA 16-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; i,, NY ;
it) I OU. rent: location Al;best bargain ever
offered: don't fall to see this snap. HICKOK _
CO., 873% MarKet_U__ _^"
■jt* 1 f\n LODGING - HOUSE, 13 RtJO_T<
U. nicely furnished. HEGARTY, 1004
Market st. .
11- ELL-FURNISHED "HOUSE OF 8 ROOM?
VV newly painted and papered: large basement'
laundry, yard: $550; must be sold. Address 11'
box 113, Call Office. .
'"TrUST SELL; 16 WELL-FURNISHED ROOmT?
JVI see this and make offer. 644 Sacramento. '
no WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOB Jieoo 7
LO low rent. Inquire grocery, 40 Sixth st.
~~~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
dM OA FURNITURE « ROOMS. ADDRKSS
tjJ)XOU. Change, box 34, this office.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, 755
_\ lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
IRE SALE~ ~ "
irURE SALE tal koo_ l are oompletaiy «\y
1 Prices stand -U coods an completely <___.
posed of.
Oak bed 5et*...... Tv .1
I Bed lounges B 'J]
! Stoves ..' ~ 7 59
I Carpets, per yanJ 5j
' Linoleum, per yard '.'.„_ —..- 5)
Matting, peryard 19
Till our new building is erected these price* will
stand. Till such time we are conducting bu4io»*s
at SE. corner "seventh and Mission su -
NOON AN.
Al\l\ CAKPETS; CHAMBER BETS, ~*\\~
■tUU stoves. 95: parlor sets, 920: folding-bed^
$10: bed-'onnges. $7." T. P. MCCARTHY ll.'V.h
FURNITURE WANTED.
OD*TaNI) FU RNITURE FOR COUNT B Y~:
_. good prices. ■ T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MOKE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FORM- j
ture and merchandise see BLR]), 211 Larkin.
WORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURK
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURN'I-
-. ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 11KS Ma-ket; tel.. Jessie 73L
CARPET cleaning.
TvREAT 1 WESTERN cTrpET^BEaTING
VJT works; latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
ONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 35 and '.'7 BMI.
i^ARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD: LAID 3c.
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor wor_ send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama su ; teL So. 40.
i^ONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 333
KJ Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
KJ tlnir, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
riARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON _ CO., 23 Tenth; t-t.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH _CO.. Euccesaor^.
J" E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
. 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7 _
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND RES-
. ovutlng works. 453 Stevenson: __ south 228.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
U^ANTED-piANOLV GOoiTcONDiTIOS;
* ' slate particulars and lowest cash price. Ad-
dress Piano, box 25, this office.
STEINWAY 9175; STECK $150: STEKL-
ing$lOO; Ladd $60. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
LADY LEAVING WILL RENT FINE PIANO;
■53 per month. E., box 9. Call Office. • '
PIANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast, THE F. W. SPEN-
Cr-R CO., 933 Market st. . -
QTEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW",
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO-
-933 Market st.
/WHICKERING PIANO IN GOOD CONDITION,
KJ only 930. 638 Natoma st., third floor.
J <2*r7r ALMOST NEW: ROSEWOOD; FOR SaLE
I V I O. on 95 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
I REAT OPPORTUNITY'; 5 PINE^ CT'-
[ VJ rights, 9125 and $150 each: call early If you
I want a bargain. MAU VAIS. 769 Market at.
_FO£t_ BUYING SEBfIAfNE BROS.', B_ r«H
X) A Uerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post, su
pLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
KJ small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed In New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins, 91 36; mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, 91; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
case* for instruments, violin outfits, etc. ; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Sprockets building.
a* "I Or FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
pi— .l). McAllister St., next to Hlbernia Bank.
QHERMAN, CLAY _ CO., STEINWAY REP-
O resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West; all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments; everything guar-
! anteed as - represented. Kearny and Sntter.
A BRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
XV. grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth su
/WHICKERING, KNABE, STECK, VOBE, STER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187: pianos
ior renu BENJ. CUKTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrali.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMKB,
Newby — Evans, Brings and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLD-NEW
0 H. MILLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
' HORSES.
F"^IS_TY^UIfG~HO^SE^ l N OF*_^ r S:
weight 2400 pounds: and driving mare. 324
Ninth st. ■
$OP_ A FINE SADDLE MARE, WITH
<p _;_». equipments; bargain for boy. 143 Bart-
lett st.
AIT ANTED— GOOD, CHEAP BUGGY HORSE.
TT Apply SPECK <_ CO., 602 Market st.
GOOD, STRONG DELIVERY HORSE; BAR-
gain; $20. Apply 169 Second sU -
"1 CA SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
X.O\J ness, all' kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys, J
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
A UCTIOX SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES.
JA. wagons, harness, etc.. at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leavenworth.every Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C.R. MARTIN, prop.; B. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
t\flf\ SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness; all kinds; buggy,wa?on, carts, surrey
_ rocka way ; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
_IA HORSES FOX SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
"" buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CISCO-
'«r Th.- 1. -.-de Ranch. 630 Commercial st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TTANbsOME FAMILY CARRIAGeTnEARI/?
XX new, and single - harness, together or sepa-
rately, for sale. 822 Broadway. Oakland. ________
H~ ORSE. wagon and HARNESS FOR
sale cheap. 1418 Alabama st., near Twenty-
sixth.
IGHT DELIVERY WAGON, 1 HORSE,
cheap. ' 1110 Bryant sU -•
OTANDING-TOP DOCTOR'S PHAETON: GOOD
Oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Markeu
O LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING LOVES;
0 samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
VKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
IN dry. milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and -' fine buggies. 828 Harrison sU
DENTISTS.
T^Rl^r^AifcriDEN^^
X prices; 'first-doss results: painless extraction
and -painless implantation of teeth, W. C. HaB-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter St., corner Powell.
1 R. DUCKETT, 1703 PO.VT ST., NEAR illj-
XJ en a nan; gas given; crown and bridge worn.
R i* T. 1 -RAV/.-KX 1 RACTIOIf PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary sU. cor. Grant ava.
GROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm 96: fillings frm 91 : extracting 50c. with gas $1.
! ONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICKS.
XX DR. HARDCASTLE.62B Montgomery, rm. 1.
$rr A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED As
_) I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.".
near Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
I teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
T'ULL >Xl OF TKETH, $7; WARRANTED
X five years. PR. V. CAY aLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR.~HT
Q. YOUNG. 1841 Pol st. K .
I \R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THB GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
wit-out any plate, moved from 0 to 20 O'Farrell sL
AINLES3 EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; pla:M, 95 up; 13 vearj'
experience.- R. L. WALsH. D.D.S., 815*V4 Geary.
R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIJLKIBV-"
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. »U_ ilAtt-
ket su DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. . ■
DR. J. J7IEEK, 120« MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays* till noon.
ALL work REASONABLE and wiS"
-ci. ranted. __. J. W. KEY. li.i Market st. 'CITY REAL ESTATE.
G~*^hTcmbs_n <£ cbV"*~~^'^ % ~ w "
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Office and salesrooms, 14 Montgomery st. near
Market.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
We will offer at auction, by order of executors,
Monday. June 15, 1896. at 12 o'clock noon,
at our salesrooms, building at 660 Bryant st.
bet. Fourth and Fifth, and leasehold, which has
about nine years yet to run. Further particulars
at office. ■
SEE OUR AD. OF IMPORTANT REAL ESTATE
AUCTION IN ANOTHER COLUMN.
PROPERTIES AT PRIVATE SALE. BAR-
GAINS.
INVESTMENT AND HOME.
<4Ut0.00 WALLER ST. AND LAUSSATT
t]D\)\J\J\J. ave.-Nlce 2-story residence of 7
rooms and bath, and cosy cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc.; rent 845: 25x120;
two frontages; both streets accepted; nice loca-
tion.
OCEAN VIEW.
00000 NEAR THE RACECOURSE; 21
*&£d\JKJ\J. lots: 26x100 each.
TWO LEVEL RESIDENCE LOTS.
%I 1 l\(\ EACH: . HILL ST.; 25:6y a i114
«jpl X\J\J each; fine views.
FLATS ON 17TH ST.
SjU^lif) 2 NICE BAY-WINDOW FLATS OF
*&\JU\J\J. 6 and 5 rooms and bath each; trick
foundation, etc; stone walks; 30x116.
BUILDING LOT ON FELL ST.
$2500. 25xl0 °- _
NICE HOME ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Q£»CAA NICK 2-STORY AND FINISHED |
tJDUcJv/U. basement bay-window residence of 9
rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc; house
coat $6500 to build; 24x137:6; marine views.
INVESTMENT ON GEARY ST.
Ci* 1 *_> 000 RENT $106 PER MONTH;
«ff>IO.UUU. flats and lot 27:6x120; 2 frontages.
WARIN_-VIEW LOT.
*i-{l 00 VALLFJO ST.; GRAND MARINE
«J»OIUU. views; 25x137:6.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
<2t_.9 -A » IMPROVEMENTS AND LOT
rD__;.UUc7. 52:6x80.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT.
Of I')hLA GROVE ST., NEAR FILLMORE;
IJ.OV. 37:6x110.
PIERCE-ST. RESIDENCE.
< 1(1 AH 2-STORY HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS
tJpttvUU.and bath; brick foundation, stone
walks, etc; stable: 2.5x100.
MISSION FLATS CHEAP.
Q'lOArt 2 NICE NEW FLATS OF 6 AND 5
r^O<D\J\J. rooms and bath each; bay-window'
brick foundation, etc.; rent $34; el. side of 23d
b:.; 25x90.
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
(i>H'An 33:3x90; SUITABLE FOR 4
tjJ-UUv. flats; street accepted; Western Ad-
dition.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
UtOonn YORK ST.: 2-STORY HOUSE OF
<JT tOUU . 6 rooms and bath, bay-windows, etc..
and lot.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTa
C||l/1 PER FOOT; PAGE ST., NR DEVISA-
1 L\f dero; 66x137:6.
POST-ST. FLATS.
2 FLATS AND LOT; 25x70.
5 PARK FLATS.
Q7OOO 1112 XT $65 PER MONTH; 3 MOD-
»~ i vuu. em nearly new flats of 6. 5 and 5
rooms and bath each; brick foundation: stone
walks; must be seen to be appreciated; 25x96.
FINE INVESTMENT ON SCOTT STREET.
&(;QA|| '-' SUBSTANTIAL 2 -STORY
ifrIJVVJU. houses of 7 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation ;s one walks, etc.: rent $50; 60s
92:6.
IORECLOSURE— NO REASONABLE OFFER
REFUSED.
QjnAji 15TH ST., NEAR MARKET; S-
O"lW>'. story house; could be converted into
6 flats at little expense, and be made to pay at
least 10 per cent net; 30x115; street accepted.
COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
QI9QOO ELEGANT NkW EASTLAKE COT-
tJ?._<OULf. tatre of 7 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation, etc. ; stove walks; sunny line of Elizabeth
street.
RICHMOND BUSINESS CORNER
(T-97-A STOKE BUILDING WITH 3 LIV-
<3T— i O\J. ing rooms and lot 32:6x100.
TKLEGRAPH HILL.
CJOAAA GREENWICH STREET, 2-STORY
«Jp_iUuU brick building of 8 rooms; lot fronts
on 2 streets; rent. $18 per month.
RICHMOND— INSTALLMENT.
~G2J?Ctl\f\ 3D AVi-JVIK, NEW LAKE COT- ,
— CUV. tage of 5 rooms and bath, etc; 25x '
120: exceptionally easy terms.
FINE INVESTMENT^
Q7OOO 2 THREE-STORY HOUSES OF 8
O I UUU. rooms arid bath each; bay-windows^
brick foundation; stone walks'; rent $720 per an-
num; 37:6x71; nice location north of Market st.
COTTAGE IN RICHMOND.
($•1 QC.A A ST.-COTTAGE AND LOT 26x
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records,
■which contain a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city.
O. H. UMBSEN «fc CO., 14 Montgomery st.
SlO 500 SOLD To CI - OSE AN estate -
Business corner NW. Post and Lagnna s:s. ; rent
$79 50: go and see thin at pnee, as It is a particu-
larly choice piece. O'FARRELL- 4 CO.,
11 Montgomery st
Q9ROO COTTAGE NEAR MARKET AND
t~i.UUU. Valencia sts.: worth $3500; offered
a: this low figure to make immediate sale.
O'FARRELL & CO., '
• 11 Montgomery st.
Q 1 900 LOT NR. 3D AND MISSION sts.:
O Lj^\J\J. on small street; worth $2500.
O'FARRELL <t Co.,
_ 11 Montgomery st.
r^NLY $5000. WORTH $8000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Nearly new house of 8 rooms and bath; in first-
class condition; fine marine view: sold on account
Bof departure from the city and sacrificed to make
quick sale. O'FARRELL A CO., 11 Montgomery,
: :•■■■■ • — - •
-IU X WANT YOU
TO SEE OUR NEW OFFERING.
BUILDING LOTS.. . , .
60 OF THEM. '
ALL LEVEL
AND BEAUTIFULLY
Located on the line of the Mtssloa-st. cars; only 25
minutes' ride from the Ci y Hall.
Terms very easy; $10 cash; balance $10 a month.
Come to-day and see the artistic Eastlake cot-
tages built on the property at a cost of $1100 for
house and lot
To visit this property take Misslon-st. electric-
cars, ask the conductor to stop at Frauds st. You
will there find our branch office and representa-
tive, who will show you over the property and
furnish any further information.
' O'FARRELL & CO.,
11 Montgomery st.
■piCHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS. . . "
POINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSE. 4'lBT, 42D.
J. aDd 43d ayes. t choice lots on electric-cur line;'
grand water view.
ORE LOT; 650 FEET MAIN FRONTAGES
IT on Point Lobos, Cliff House, 42d and 48d ayes.;
grand ocean view.
tf.'Ai.A D • ST. BUSINESS CORNER— N.
«r«JI/V'U. line of park, near cars, ocean and
Cliff House. ■ ■
<2i(Af\f\ LOTS-32D AYE., AT SUTRO'S ELEC-
*JJ)UUV/ trie-car house.
BERXAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS, COR.
.Seigel and Powbattan aye. ; easy payments.
C. H. REYNOLDS & CO.,
' 323 Montgomery st.
ROADWAY, NR. GOUOH; 6 ROOMS, BATH;
25x133; cheap.
Corner Octavia and Vallejo; 8 rooms, bath;
25x112:6; half cash.
Golden Gate aye., nr. Laguna st; 6 rooms, bath;
27:6x120.
$2250— Florida St.; 7 rooms: 26x100.
Sacramento st, nr. Devlsacero; cottage, 6 rooms,
bath; 23x132:6.
LOTS. . LOTa . LOTS.
$2250— C0r. Castro and Jersey sts.: 30x70.
$850— Ml-sion st, nr. Brazil; 25x83:6.
f 800— 30 th St., nr. .Sanchez; 35x125.
sth st., nr. Dolores; 60x114. •
$300— Bosworth St.. nr. Mission road: 25x100.
. $300— Laid. st, nr. Roanoke; 25x100.
Cor. 20th and Diamond sts.: 110x125. '
Cheap lots In all the homesteads. ■
W. H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
LEASE NOTICE! BANK FORECLOSURE!
X LEASE NOTICE! BANK FORECLOSURE !
SPECIAL SALE! SPECIAL SALE!
20 properties; some very choice; see them. I
30 properties; some very choice; see them.
Chance to get property at half actual value.
Chance to get property at half actual value. |
■ Apply a. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st
''OR SALE— ELEGANT 12- ROOM • .HOUBE
Just completed: opp. park; modern. 1917 Oak
CITY REAL ESTATE. .
ADISON &~~BURKE, " REAL jESTATS
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
<BTI f\C\(\ RENT $1584 PER ANNUM;
tJpli/.VUU. excellent improvements; lot 50x
120; two fronts; Sutler St., near Buchanan.
<H1 9 (\f\f\ magnificent BUSINESS
tD-1-^.UUU. corner on Fillmore St., 29:6x100,
entirely covered with substantial improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
TTOMEON HAVES ST.; ONLY S3OOO ASKED;
■O. an offer solicited; 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x72:6.
riHOICE CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME, SUNNY
\J side, near Stelner; 2 frontages: terms easy;
will take lot In part payment: owner leaving city.
•351 A (\C\C\ HAVES, NEAR FILLMORE: x
tPIf.UUU. large flats: rents $110; lot 353
137:6. j
ARK RESIDENCE: BELL ST., NR. LOTT;
XV rooms and bath; all modern conveniences:
25x137:6; only $7'."VO. MADISON A BURKE.
<JU££:AA WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
ypUUUu. dero— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON A BURKE.
QMF^fin EVER KIT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
tJptrUUu. 4 nice flats; rents $56; lot 37:6x80.
©Pirinn BAKER, near sutter: 2
«S>OUUU. flats; rents $38; lot 25x72:6.
QJ£OO,n PAGE. NEARBRODEBIOK; RESI-
tJUI/UU. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 25x
b7:6. MADISON A BURKE.
E\ftfir\ 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST;. NEAR
«S<JUUU. Ridley; rents 944; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON A BURKE.
©fICAA CLEMENT, NR. 3D AYE.; DOU-
<JpUUvv. ble cottage and 2-story house, pro-
ducing large income: lot 60x100.
©7 Ann RUBS, NEAR FOLSOM; 2 HOUSES,
<JP I UUU. 50x100; well rented for $63 per
month ; part of lot still vacant.
©QQAA SECOND AYE., NEAR CLEMENT;
ts)O£\J\J. cottage 5 rooms and bath; 25x82:6.
©O'AA 9TH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA: 2
tP^i«)UU. flats 4 rooms and bath each; rents
$25; lot 26x120.
ffiQflfkfl RENTS $338 PER ANNUM; 3
«Tj)OvUU. flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x75.
<£9flfin JONES, NR. CHESTNUT: COT-
tJp^UUU. tage 4 rooms; rents $14; lot 20x68:9.
CB99nn REDUCED; LARGE INCOME;
«B>_ _Ul/. Shipley, nr. 6th; 2 flats; lot 25x76.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages: will sell
in subdivisions.
$8000— Washington, nr. Spruce; grand marine
view; 50x127:8.
$4500— 24 th. NE. cor. Vicksburg; 60x114. •
14000-65x117:6; SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$27(.'0— Brodrricfc. near JBusn; E. side: 30x103,
with tank and stable.
JSsoo— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110,
$3250— Hayes, nr. Fillmore: 25x137:6.
J2-HIO— cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x106.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$2030— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6.
$2iK!O each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderick; re-
du -id from 83000.
. $180 -Noe. near 18th; 25x110.
$2100— Mission st. .opposite Portland ay.; 26x84.
$15i5O— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
?1300-19:h, near Sanchez: -45x114.
if 1000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
*800— Pt. Loboa, nr. 28th aye.; 25x100.
MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market st
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Yon- Rubin.
OF. YON RHEIN <fe CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street. »
$15,000— McAllister, near Buchanan; 63:9 x
137:6; 2 flats, store and coalyard; rents $105.
$11.000— Page, near octavia ; 27x120 to Lily
aye. ; 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths: rents
$60. '
5-9000— Tones, near Greenwich: 40x137:6; 4 new
bay-window flats of 6 and 0 rooms and batn each;
rents $95. •■-.■. ■:. :■•<■-
sBooo— lolsom, near 16th; 60x101; 8-story
house; 20 rooms; rents $56. ■;
$4000— Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot ;
22x68:9: I flats: 10 rooms: rents $30. ' ' '
$7000— Chestnut, near Dupont; 40x122:6 •to
I'l.irt-r: double 2-story house on each frontage ;
rents $61; will sell either frontage.
$6600— Oak. near Li'jruna: 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
•«6000— Vallejo, near Sansome; 36x67:6; 4-story
tenements; rents $57.
$3000— Chenery, near 30th; 31x125; rear;
street on railroad : 123x125; 2 houses.
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan; 26:9x60; brand-
new cottage; all modern improvements; 6 rooms
and bath.
$5200— Vallejo, near Leavenworth : 43:9x137:6:
twoiront and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents $16.
$50 JO— San Jose aye,, near 24th st;. 27x176; 8
rooms and lath; fine grounds.
$5000— Jones, near Greenwich ; 22:6x137:6; 3-
story residence; 10 rooms.
$4500— Broderick and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
bouse: 6 rooms and bath.
$3500— Bartlett near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath. - —
$3500— Gough and Lombard,; 68x84; private
residence. ' A
$3300— Larkin. bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 60; easy
terms: 2-2:8x99. > •
$3000— Pacific, near Hyde: 20x73; 2 flats; rents
$26.
$2850— Broadway, near Leavenworth: 22:11 x
137:6; rear bouse and stable.
$2500— Le Roy place, near Sacramento St.; 22:4
x 58:3: 2-story house, '2 flat*, 10 rooms: rents $20.
$2400— Kennebec. near Jefferson: 50x70; Gift
Map No. 2; 2 cottages; 9 roams and bath; rent $ '2.
$1600— Moulton, near Montgomery and Green;
22:6x62:6: '.'-story house; 2 flats; rents $18.
— Lincoln, near Jones: 22x70; cottage, 5
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$70CC -Filbert, near Leavenworth: 76x87:6;
will subdivide into 3 lots.
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$4t>oo-23d and Florida: 75x104.
$2250— Clay, near Baker; 25x105.
$1900-25 th, near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$1-/00—4 lots; Ocean road, near 24th; 100x80.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.: 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 26th; 60x'250 through
to Ellen. -v .-•■
$1000— Edith or Church place, near. Dupont st;
20x65 to rear street.
*Poo— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Lane Tract; 2 lots, block IX, Serpen-
tine road.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th r 100x100.
'I -seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
314. •
JOHN PFORK, 329 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
O safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$12,500— Howard St.. near Sixth; 37:6x83 feet,
with 2 houses; 8 rooms and bath each; rent $75.
$55,000— tine downtown brick Improved cor-
ner, renting at $325 per month.
Cheap— Masonic avenue, north of Frederick
St.: lot 25x106:3; all on the grade.
. Reduced to $12,50U— Howard nt, near 4th; 3-
■tory; 2 stores and rooms upstairs; lot 30x80.
$SOOO-Page st., near Baker and the Park;
nearly new: 8 rooms: lot 27:3x137:6.
$6800— Fine corner, near. Ellis and Webster:
2-stcry: bay-window; lot 24x95; rent $10.
$2000-30thst.: 5-room house; lot 25x125.
*7000— Kent $60: Folsom-n. boulevard; 3-story
house, store and 2 flats; lot '28x10').
$4000— st, near -New Montgomery; will
be a business pla c; house 8 rooms: lot 30x65.
$3900— Natoma st; 2-story; 8 rooms; lot 25x70:
rent $30.
$.48,600— A snap; the . NW. corner of Mission
and 17th sts.; a block of 2-»tory bay-window
houses; 3 stores and 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms , and
bath each; also 2 5-rootn cottages On 17th st; lot
65x100: rent $2280 per annum.
$37,000— paying property on one of the
btnliif streets leading to the Park; paying $300
pr month and will greatly Improve In value.
$3000— near Brannan;. lot 25x75, with
improvements: renting at $30.
$2000—5 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th St.,
near Valencia.
UNIMPROVED.
$3200-Halght St., n?ar Baker: 25 or 50 by 110,
$3100— Corner on Fillmore st. : 24x82.
81250—25x80; 2ilh St.. near Dolores.
$800— Noe st., near 30th; lot, 36-6.x76.
$3500— Lot 75x100 feet; cor. 19th and w Eureka ;
sts.; make offer.
XT O USE RENT ONLY $6 20 A MONTH.
How can that be? Easy enough. That Is the
average monthly Interest on a 5-room and -bath
house including lot on the Hey man Tract, costing
$2500. You pay $400 down, balance $25 monthly.
Interest, first month, $12 25, decreasing to
nothing the last month, making an -average of
$6 20 per month; the balance of the $25 a month
pays the purchase price. You can't rent such a
home for less than $25 a month. Save now while
you are young, and you will have a'home paid for
long before you are old. Go out and sen the prop-
erty and tbe homes that have been built. Over 60
houses on the tract Take Castro-street car to 23d
or Mission streets, car transferring at 22d st Mr.
Cotter, our agent, will show you around.
JACOB HKVMAN, 11 Montgomery st
TiilNE CHANCE FOR AN INVkSTMENT*
X $260 each: lots 25x120; $10 down and $5
monthly, without interest; fronting grand boule-
vard, • park and proposed electric road; you can
build on these lots: other park lots from $50 up
JACOB HKYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
TF YOU ARE LOOKING FUR BUILDING
1 lots. investment 'lots, blocks and acreage prop-
erty for nurseries or ranches on easy monthly pay-
ments call on JACkB HEY Man, 11 Montgomery.
ffijQC EACH— 2 LOTS IN THE $75 HOME;
«J)OtJ stead; these lots are level and a great suap
at this figure. >■•■■■ - .
$350— Cheap lot on Folsom St., near Cortland;
will build cottage and sell on easy terms.
$300— on Twenty-seventh aye., near Point
Lobos: easy terms-, small cash pnvnient. ■ .
Menlo Park— We have several choice lots which
we can trade for city, property and pay difference
In cash. • JIcKWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st
VfW. CORNER ON SANCHEZ ST. OFFERED
IN at the low price of $3£00;- rents for 40 per
month; see this great bargain and make an otter,
as the owner Is determined to sell. . -,..
$1250— Modern co tages built to order In choice
neighborhood; on small monthly payments; less
than rent* -
H. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
i>ALDWIN & HAMMOND. ~ ~~*~
*/ Send for complete printed list of real estate.
G» CCA A .MAKE AN OFFER: WASHING-
<S)OO\J\J. ton-st corner, between Powell and
Mason: 2-story brick building; 9 rooms, 2 baths,
etc.; rent $J6. ■
<E> 7 KAA CLAYTON ST., BET. HAIGHT
tjp I UUU. and Page; 2-story residence: 12
rooms and bath: furnace In basement; all modern
improvements; lot 25x112:6.
©£0,0,0, BRODERICK ST., NEAR BUSH;
ijpUUUU. good 2-story residence ; 8 rooms,
bath, etc
m* 7it A A O'FARRELL ST., BET. HYDE
«IP I O\J\J. and Larkin: 2-story residence; 7
rooms and bath; lot 23x90. to alley.
A FORCED SALE.
SUBMIT AN OFFER.
<279P\0 DEVISADERO ST.. NEAR PAGE;
«£> i &O\J. modern Hats (cost $6250 to build);
contains 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25:6x110.
STORES AND FLATS.
97 f\(\fl BPLENDID INVESTMENT ON
<pZi I .\J\J\J. Castro St., near Twenty-third: lot
*228x-0; part of the lot Is improved with 7 stores:
also 3 flats, 6, 5 and 4 rooms; rent (235; balance
of lot vacant
q»IQAA COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS; COR.
•IP J OUU. Twenty-second and Vermont sts. ; lot
25x110. ' ■*
fl£/IQF\O Bla BARGAIN IN MODERN
<fZ)*iVO\J. flats; 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
Fulton st, near Lyon; rent $516 per annum; lot
: 25x137:6.
dI»£9P:A MASON ST., NR. SACRAMENTO;
tJpU^JtJU. 3-story building; 14 rooms; 2 baths,
etc. ; rent $65 monthly.
©79XA HOWARD ST. BET. 4TH AND
«iP I ZiOU. sth: . 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; lot 26x80. N ■
<H» ROOO W.COR. CHURCH AND VALLEY
»jp«JUUU. sts.; store and flat above; also rear
cottage; 4 rooms; rent $35. ■
(JMOCA FILBERT ST., BET. TAYLOR AND
«jpl^«J W. Jones: 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each ; rent $36.
BARGAINS IN LOTS. .
4O(\A HIGHLAND AYE., NR. MISSION
t!i>OUv. St., Holly Park; 25x100; street work
done; £50 cash, balance monthly.
4fcl PiOO GREAT BARGAIN: 21ST ST.. NR.
«H)1 O\JU. Dolores; fine, level lot; 25x104.
<S1 £00, 7TH A YE., NR. CLEMENT ST.;
«SS±OUU. 60x100.
•SI 000 EACH; LOTT ST.. NR. HAIGHT;
O\J\J two lots, each 25x106:3.
C»Q9^n CENTRAL AYE., NR. JACKSON
*S>DZiO\J. St. 26x120; superb marine viaw.
•5.9900 PRICE REDUCED: SE. COR. 21ST
tJpZiZiUU. and Chattanooga sts.; 25x104.
aPI/IAA POINT LOBOS AYE., NR. 9TH
«lpl^tUU. aye; 25x100.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
r ' 10 Montgomery st.
O OUT TO-DAY ! ~ ':
AND SEE THOSE LOTS
ON H AND I STS..
9TH AND 10TH AYES.,
Fronting the park at the 9th-ave. entrance (south
side; $50 cash, $10 monthly; pricei very low;
$750 and upward; streets on official grade: gas
ar.d water piped to the property. BALDWIN A
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
, AL HORIOEB. ', LOUIS A. SCUC
LA. SOUO A CO. U;.\
'. ■: ■— _ -•■::■.■-•
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
As we make a specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
<a»9Q 000 ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS
«JpZO.UU\'. corners iii the Mission; lot 65x100:
2-story building containing 8 mores and 4 rooms;
3 flats", 5 rooms and bath each; 2 bay-window cot-
tages. 5 rooms arid bath; all in Al order; renting
for $2880 per annnm.
"OH9At lA OR - GUERRERO AND 20TH—
IZ.UUU. .Lot 76:6x105: elegant bay-win-
dow house; 8 rooms, bath: salon parlors: large
grounds and stable. Look at this and make
AN OFFER, AS IT MUST GO
CjCrAA '25x80; VALENCIA ST.: A SNAP;
rptJtJUU. bay-window house 8 rooms; bath; In
good cr.ler: should bo turned into business prop-
erty, which could be done at small cos:.
<"l "\/i!» 30x114; HKR.. 18 A CILVNCE TO
*J)tl OUU . secure an elegant home in the warm
belt of the Mission on easy terms; £20<>0 cash, bal-
ance can remain: bay-window bouse of 8 rooms,
bath, laundry; a.l In Al order; street bltnmlnized;
worth $6000.
<si^P»nO 26*90: MISSION ST., NX. 20TH;
»ipU«JUU. house of 8 rooms and bath; could at
sma'l cast be converted into A 1 business property;
the lot is worth more money. . .
OCAA 26X125; CHATTANOOGA . - ST.,
tip— «JUU.. ne»r;22d;' cozy cottage, 6 rooms;
bath; perfect order; fine garden.
QQAA(\ SAN UAKLOy AYE., NEAR 19TH;
tjpOUUU. 2-story npuse, 6 rooms; bath; street
work all done and accepted. » • >
ftOf': A 25x80; LEXINGTON AYE., NEAR
0 — U«JU. 19th; i flats, 4 and 5 rooms: bath;
rent $28: street work all done and accepted. .
I OOK AT THOSE LOTS ON ■ ARMY ST., NR.
JJ Folsom we offer for $650; '25x185; street
sewered and graded. ■"-,■,-. -
Our list comprises some of the best property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the tome-
steads ; also good business corners in any part of
the Mission; call and get a list and prices.
If yon want your vacant houses rented place
them with us.
L. A. SOIC A CO., 466 and 467 Valencia st.,
near Sixteenth.
ILL E. FISHER <te CO., RKAL ESTATE
■' agents and .general auctioneers; houses
rented, rents collected, insurances placed; prop-
RICHMOND. ' V
$760— aye., bet. Pt. Lobos aye. and Clement
st. ; $50 down, $10 per month; Sutro road close by;
street macadamized an i sewered. ■
$1000-Lots. 30x100; Clement st, nr. 11th aye.;
grand vi»w; Hutro road; sewered.
, $1400—25x100; Pi. i.oboa aye. nr. 9th. ;
erties cared for. .14 Post st. •
WESTERN ADDITJON.
$1600— North siae Sacramento, 110 ft. west of
Cherry: 27x127. •
$2 600— 37:6: Bush St., nr. Devtsadero.
$2760— NE. cor. Eddy; 32:6x:00; a bargain;
make offer.
MISSION.
$125— SE. cor. Italy and Lisbon its., nr. Mis-
sion-st. cars; large lot. '
$1200—25x114: 18th st., nr. Noe; make offer.
$2170— only 3 left: tolsom, bet. 24th and 25th
sts- , tbe grand boulevard,
IMPROVED.
$2250— Cottage; 20th at., nr. Diamond: $250
down.
$2300— Price reduced on that elegant new 6-room
cottage, 6;h aye., nr. Pt Lobos; must be sold
within 10 days; $500 cash. .
$5250— Webster st., nr. Jackson; lot 26x100;
substantial 6-room house; lot worth the money.
$7500 — House of 3 elegant flats; Guerrero sU, nr.
17th St.; income $67.
$7500— Geary St., near Lacuna; 34:4x187:6: 3-
story house: rent $50; room for more Improve-
ments; anxious to sell. . .•-; ..
$15,000— Choice NE. cor. on Po!k St.; business
center: store and 11 rooms above; rent $100;
must be sold.
Six 50 .varas on the apex and pinnacle' of the
choicest residence site of this cltv; for sale either
in 60-varas or subdivisions; location Clay and
Octavia: marine view north, south, east and west;
Impossible of obstruction; must be seen to be np-
preciatrd: this property is the famous Lafayette
lark, now known as Holle.day Heights: title ab-
solutely perfeo.: terms reasonable.
Houses and lots for sale in all parts of the city.
Call for lists.
WILL E. FISHER A CO., 14 Post st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
HEAL ESTATE BROKERS
.', X ih AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
. PRESIDIO HEIGHTS is justly considered the
choicest residence locality of the I city, ; having a
grand marine view, best society, latest street work
and newest residences. We offer the following:
$3500. LAURELBT., NEAR CLAY; 27:81/4
t'9AnA" LAURKL - ST., NEAR CLAY; 2Bx
ft«OUUU. 137:6.
The foregoing are both fine key lots.
au i^nn CLAY ST.,- NEAR walnut;
&40UU. 34:4M,x127:8V4. .
ai« aa A A CLA\ mt.,nhab WALNUT; 80:10
&-IUUU. X 127:814. •
0L"->AAA JACKSuN ST., NEAR MAPLE,
y &OUUU. 29:6x128:8V 4 . ' : '
*OIAA BAKER HI., . NEAR JACKSON;
IfOIUU. 27.81/4xllo.
fIj»9AAA GKKEN ST., NEAR SCOTT; 25x
HI: »jnnn' California st., near maple;
JJpZUUU. 27 :6x132 ....,, ;•
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st
(JTJQAAA CLARA, NR. FIFTH; 23x80:
rJpOUUU. front and rear house; rent $41. >
$850— Diamond, nr. Sllu; 60x126; $650 mort-
gage in bank can remain. ■ - ; •, ,
$3oOO— California-st business corner; Rich-
mond; new building; fine grocery store and bar;
also 4 rooms and bath; rare opportunity for gro-
cery m.in, etc. ;'
$3000— Polk St., cor. Lombard; 80x75.
L. OKSTEttKKICHb.it, 630 Market.opp. Palace.
fljjr r K7\ DEVISADERO; 9- ROOM HOUSE,
tJp»J«.)UU. in the best of condition; lar<e lot-
-25:9x106:3; this Is the best buy In the Western
Addition ; a great sacrifice. ' - v
$860— 9 th aye., nr. P st: lot 25x120; lot graded
and street work done; all ready to build on.
J. W. WRIGHT A CO.. 628 Market st '
©91 Oft COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
dp.ilWU. on lot; 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400; lot 40x120; »26 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery at. r ,
NLY $600 CASH, BALANCE AS RENT IF
desired; new and handsomely decorated resi-
dence, a near Panhandle: ■- unobstructed ■■ marine
view: every room sunny and overlooking the park;
built by day work; all latest Improvements. Ap-
ply 2203 Fulton St.; take Hayes or McAllisier-st
cars to the park. :..: >:, ■ ■
XCHANGE— SAN RAFAEL RESIDENCE;
-LJ 8 rooms, etc. ; accepted street; value. $4000,
will exchange for city residence. J. P.. ROCHE,
San Rafael. .
CITY REAL ESTATE.
I) bUTTER STREET, NEAR FRANKLIN.
AT SACRIFICE PRICE. ;
©1 A AAA A HANDSOME HOUSE; 9
tip JL'x.Uv/v/. rooms and bath; north side of
Sutter St.; elegant neighborhood . and handy to
town: lot 30*120 ft through to Austin aye.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.,
'•'l .:'; 638 Market st
ONLY $1000 CASH REQUIRED. ~
ELEGANT FLATS
SACIIIFIOED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
©in Ann two HANDSOME modern
«Ip±U.UI»U. flats nearly new of 8 rooms and
bath each on a corner facing the Park Panhandle;
beautifully decorated and elegantly finished Inside
and outside: entrance on different streets to each
flat: lot 25x91 :2 ft ; mortgage of $9000 7 per cent
interest can remain: flat or installment loan plan.
EASTON ELDHIGE A CO., .
638 Market st:
IG VALUE. '■ ~~
MODERN RESIDENCE.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
CSCOfkO A substantial .well- built
tJpOUUU. two-story house of 8 rooms and bath !
and basement on Devisadero st, near Halght;
nicely decorated and in first-class condition; well
worth $8000; lot 26x100 feet. :
. * KAS'i ON, ELDRIDGE A CO..
• 638 Market st
CHOICE FLATS. ~
KJ DESIRABLE LOCATION.
HAL*"" A BLOCK NORTH OF MARKET ST.
(Jj/irnA FINE PAIR OF FLATS, 6 AND 6
<Jprtt)UU. rooms and bath; in splendid condi-
tion; north side of the street: lot '25x115 feet;
this property has a grand future.
. . KASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Marget st.
COZY HOMES. ' • :: r ~
ON EASY TERMS.
$200 CASH. , $16 PKB MONTH.
C? 1 9AA EAOH-2 PRETTY COTTAGES IN
tJpl^jUUthe Falrmount Tract: 4 rtoins and
bath each; well built; In good condition; lots 26x
100 feet each. EASTON, ELDRIDGK A CO.,
- 638 Market st
GREAT BARGAIN. - - "
HANDSOME HOME.
AT HALF ITS VALUE.
OCA A MODERN RESIDENCE OF 8
»)O\J\J . rooms and bath near Castro and 20th
sir.; substantially built; only 4 years old; cost
about $6000: selling at this sacrifice to clone an
estate; lot 25x97:6 feet
EASTON, SLDRIDGE A CO.,
.■■ , , - ■ ■ ■ 638 Market st.
IG BARGAINS. ' IN CHOICE LOTS,
FOR BUILDING. FOU SPECULATION
d*/19On SUTTER ST., NR. DEVISADERO;
»4PT\4UU. 30:6x164; Just the place for flats.
$4000— cor. Church and Army; 88x80;
business corner.
$3400— choice lots on Presidio Heights; 60x
127:8; reduced from $4000.
$3500— Washington, nr.Devisadero;3oxl27:BV4:
street bitnminlzed.
$3250— Vallejo, near Lyon; 61:6x137:6; marine
view; very cheap.
$3000— Baker, near Oak; 25x96:10; overlook-
In:: the park panhandle. ■ .
$2100— Clayton, near Page; 25x106:3; reduced
from $3000.
$1100— Lake, near California; 25x102:6; the
choicest part of Richmond.
$90'J— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100;
a safe speculation.
$800—1 st, near 12th aye.: 25x100; easy terms.
$760— 10 th aye., near California; 25x120; very
cheap,
$400— 25 th aye., near Point Lobos; 25x120;
graded; street macadamized.
EAbTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
- 638 Market st.
&9AAA new BAY- DOW cottage;
<|J)ZUUU. lot 26x100; part cash; bargain. F.,
box 89, Call Office.
Q^ftnr WORTH DOUBLE; LOT ON LOM-
«JpO ID. bard st.; easy terms. 1128 Vallejo st.
&• 1 9£ NICE LEVEL LOT; 25x100: AT IN-
t^ilZiO. gleside. Address R., box 114. Call.
TT OUBK AND LOT OF 5 ROOMS, BATH, CON-
-CL servatory, large cellar and garden for sale
cheap. 24 39 Larkin St. _^^
0! 1 «AA COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; LOT 28x110;
tIDIDUv/. within one-half block electric cars;
easy terms: chance for home. Address A. M., box
114, Call Office.
n,.Q7AA FINE PLACE FOR A TEAMSTER.
ilpOluu. near Bryant and Sixth sts.; 2-story
house of 7 rooms; stable for 4 horses aDd 3 wagons:
street accepted; sire 37 :sxBo. JAMES W. COLK-
MAN, 24 Montgomery st
Lots $160 — Ft vale terminal
tract; $5 mo. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market
SOL GBTZ - BRO.,
REAL-ESTATE OWNERS)
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
■VTEW BLOCK?, NEW- LOTS,
— for homes or investments at great bargains.
Come and see. We buy for cash and get choice
bargains. ■ .
o*l7 X TO $200— LOTS NEAR PARK; GRAND
1*1') boulevard; $10 down, $5 monthly. SOL
OKTZ A IJRO. : . ■
CI'JAA $400, $450, $600 TO 100 —
tip OUU. Choicest lots in Richmond: near Sutro
electric-car line and near new concert grounds,
Affiliated Colleges; on the south of park; ready to
build on; terms to suit purchasers. I SOL GETZ A
BRO. ■ "■ ■ .
(Jjl OO To $250— BUILDING LOTS, NEAR
«3>JLUU Mlssion-st. and electric-car lines; only
$10 down, $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ A BRO., OWNERS, : >r?'.'"> :
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR CROCKER BUILDING.
WHY PAY KENT! . - , ~
»' When you can Luy cheap on easy term<one of
the finest houses of 8 and 10 rooms In the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole st, near Waller; all
modern Improvements; street to be bitumlnlzed;
large lots, 25x125. Owner on premises.
C. BEMIS, ■ ■■•■■•
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE. . -vv'-.v
$2600— E. side of stanyan st, bet Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet
$450— ban Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet
$6700— 127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
Ing tbe Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern - houses of 8 rooms each, at
■park; 26x137:6 feet; electric road parses houses;
wake otter. ■ ■
$2500— 2-story groomed house on Harrison st,
bet. First ana Fremont • V ■ •
$8500— Kleeant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
MUSTBK SOLD IX THE NEXT 10 DA VS.
$10,000— See this beautiful business corner;
SW. cor. Folsom and 21st sts; 95x90: offer wanted.
$2760— 2 lots 25x1('0 each; N. side of Page si.,
37 feet from Shrader; net Shrader and Stanyun
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st. . .
BARGAIN: SACRIFICE; NO REASONABLE
offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc.: would exchange.
SMADBUKNK. 415 Montgomery st.
A FEW "SPECIAL DRIVES" IN HOME AND
-TV Investment lots this week. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY, 646 Market st - ■
IT»on SALE— LOTS HAVING A FRONTAGE
. of 383 feet on the southeasterly side of Mission
St., from Preclta aye. to Serpentine aye., and also
having a frontage of 183 feet on Preclta Also
lot on south line of Washington. St.; 25 feet 10
inches east of Dupont; 26x40 feet: with 2-story
brick building thereon; renting for $83 per month;
good tenant. " ...
Bids will be received for the entire property or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1896, by
WALTKR HOOK at 18 Post st., San Francisco,
care of JOHN H. OH ADV.
-Mission street accepted aud sidewalk In front of
the property laid with bitumen and granite curb.
SrissTAN 'IT A 1.. 'MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $1 50 to $276 a room ; call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st
A COB HKVMAS, KEAL ESTATE, HAS
removed to 11 Montgomery st.
I^OKSALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
Mot 27:CxH5; 7 rooms; bath; finished base-
ment; rooms . decorated ; electric wire: speaking
tubes: stone walks. On Waller st, near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park. ■: ■
STV.LK RESIDENCE; PACIFIC HTS.:
!■> frnshd. ; part cash ; b<vl. same rent S., b. 62, Ca11.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
• . .-V: MOIfEY~~TO LOAN.
"/I'DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELB.Y.ETd
xV Columbia Loan it Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
OANB ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
-'mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
A DVANCES - ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
xi. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market St.; open evenings.
ANY AMOUNT;. IST. 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate ln nro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
OANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
XJ jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and Instru-
ments; - Interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant five. ..:: ■ ,-■'■:.: : ■:>■. •'..-■■.■. ■ ■-.
MONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or Ufa Insurance, coin, box 2. Call.
ONEY LOAN-D 'ON JEW_LRY AND
I>l other valuables ■at the Security Loan Office,
1106Market.st..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OK PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest Km. 68, Donohne bldg, 1170 Market st
OS. B. TOPLITZ HASSIO«J,OOO TO LOAN ON
life Insurance policies, 33'J Pine st.
OANS ON FUKNITURE, PIANOS' AND
diamonds: confidential. Koom 107, 6 Eddy st. .
IST&2I> MOHTUAUKS: INTERKHTS IKB*
J.UtP»:lowi»st rates:no iIH;v.MIRPHV.«2B Mrlc'.
, .PAWNBROKERS. ~ ~ "
AT 12« KEARNY" . ;I BT^ROOM 9-MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, eta; low rates: prl-
vat« rooms', elevator: pledges for sal > cheap.
~ . .-.,,■•:■...•: PHV!»ICIANST ; . •-;■.;::■•;;•■ ■.■
fi EMO^ED^DR^V^I^DONNELIj . TO 1203
XV Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, . 1051 Market < st. ; his 80 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worse cases treated satisfactorily by mall. • ■
— - CITY BEAL ESTATE. "-*._-
SHAINWALD. ISUCKBKK & CO., KEAL JES-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING. .
HOUSES RENTED. -.
$5500— Bush st., nr. Fillmore; substantial 2
story and basement house of 10 rooms and bath;
street bituminized; s:one sidewalk; mortgage of
$2500 can remain: lot 32:6x137:6 feet. ■
Ss2so— Capp st., nr. 22d: new modern flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $45; 10t25x
122:6 feet. »
$9250— Pase-st. corner residence; must be sold;
cost owner ov6r $12,000; In Golden Gate Park dis-
trict; terms about $1250 cash, balance on monthly
installment mortgage.'
$600J— Only $stO cash; balance $20 monthly;
new house on McAlllster-st. cable line: close to
park; 10 rooms and bath with porcelain tub; pret-
tily decorated; 2203 Fulton st. : owner on prem-
ise!) daily.
I . $7000— Price reduced: NE, cor. Pine andLaguna
sis.: very good house of 9 rooms and bath; street
accepted; sidewalk stone; a bargain. !
$2500— Yerba Buena st, bet. Clay and Sacra-
mento sts.; 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
cheap: lot 23x80 feet.
$10,000— Mason St., near Jackson; 68:9x91:8:
with very good residence should be altered into
stores and flats; opposite engine-house, at transfer
point.
$7500— Price reduced from $9000; very good
modern 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath; Wash-
ington st., near' Broderick; s.ret-t bitumen; side-
walk stone; mortgage $3f;00, can remain; lot 25x
127:81/*. ■
$8250— Reduced from $9000; Washington St.,
near Webster; modem 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 9 rooms and 2 baths: house tastefully
decorated throughout: lot "J6:6x127:8 1 ; 4-
-$5500 —Corner Bush and Broderick sis.; cottage
of 8 rooms and bath; large lot, 34x100 feet; lot
alone is worth the price asked ;«be last of a row of
4 cottages; the other 3 have all -been sold within
the past month.
$5600— Price reduced from $6500; NW. cor. on
Sacramento st. ; cozy cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
lot 27 .ixlO'Ji/ti ieet: both streets paved and ac-
cepted; a bargain.
$4600— Rents $684 per annum; price reduced
from $6500; very good improvements on street
close to Howard; lot 25x100 feet.
$1800— Rents $17; has always rented for $20
per month; 2 good flats of 4 rooms each; lot 22:6 x
60; 4 Le Koy place, oil Sacramento st, between
Jones and Leavenworth; this property must be
sod within the next few days regardless of price.
SBlo— Twentv-flrst st, north line, near Hamp-
shire, Mission warm belt; lots 25x84:8.
$700 -Twenty-first St., near Hampshire; -lot
25x70. ,
$600— Richmond lots; easy tern) s; $50 cash, $10
monthly: Twentieth aye., near Clement; 25x120
feet each. v..\v. - - - .: - i-
ssso— Point Lobos lot 35x100.
1250— Stevenson st., near 14th, sewered and
macadamized : 26x65 feet -
$65C0— 8W. cor. on Webster St.; two-story and
basement of 8 rooms; bath; stable, etc.; lot 24x
i 93:6; rents $40.
$2600— Richmond cottage; W. line of Bth aye.,
near California st. ; almost new; 4 rooms and bath;
7-foot basement; lot 25x120.
$2400— Sunny side of Clay St., near Lyon; 20:6 x
90. or 2 lots at the same rate.
$3000— Seymour aye., between Scott and Devlsa-
dero and Turk and Golden ( ste aye.; substantial
2-story noose of 6 rooms and bath: street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone; lot 25x90: $1000 cash, bal-
ance in monthly payments of $20 If desired.
A FEW BARGAINS IN WESTERN ADDITION
LOTS.
$2500 each— 3 lots on Sacramento, near Lyon;
street work all done and accepted by the city; lots
25x102.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay; lot 25x112:5.
#1125— Five lots on Filbert, near Baker, one-
i half block from the Union-street cars; terms $125
cash; lots 25x137:6 each.
: The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
SIIAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
I'ROI'ERTIi TO exchange.
T7T"a c res" n ear~lc^ angelesT^best
JLU valley land, to exchange for Oakland, Ala-
meda or Berkeley property. Apply to H. C.
HECKKR, 1020 Market st
J\AO BAKGAI.\S-WHAT DO YOU WANT?
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 .$lO,OOO
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to : 30,000
100 business places, all kinds, from 850 to. 4,0'J0
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3.000
H. C. DECK Kit, 3020 Market St., opposite Fifth.
(jjt-n/wj ELEGANT NEW 9-KOOM HOUSE
OVJUU. with bntii and all modern Improve-
ments on fine corner lot In choice pan of Oakland;
easy term» or exchange equity; on farm or stock of i
goo;!s. Address X., box 314, Call Office.
OR EXCHANGE— FOR PROPERTY IN OAK-
: land or vicinity; 3-0 acres, level land. in artes-
ian belt, Tulare County; near located line of [
Valley road to Bakersfield. Address A. TUSIN, i
Call Office, Oakland. j
T~~O EXCHANGE— AN ELEGANT SUMMER
villa in Santa Cruz Mountains for clear city
i property. CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market St.
VORSAI.K OR EXCHANGE— ELEGANT SAN
X Francisco residence; also Berkeley lots. CUR-
TIS A BOWLEY CO., 310 Safe Deposit building.
1 9ftA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
I— Cu' woter: fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6.Cail
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A '^" v ~";22Z2a
60 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWjSR."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PKOFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERB,
. 1728 MARKET ST. .
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
■re satisfied. The professors .give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, Investments, Insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages. !
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret . dreams, cure bad '
habits and destroy evil influences in half tha {
lime required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums In the i
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors In San Francisco.
Kemember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. xi. to Bp. m. Sundays 2 to 6p. _.
Letters containing stamps answered. >
PROFS. EUGENE A VAN DE VERB.
1728 Market st
Ego '■ _ ~~ 6oc 60C
THE MARVELOUS MMX. STEWERT,
SUPREME OCCULT AUTHORITY.
If you have adverse love affaiis, lawsuits un-
successful, lost relatives undiscovered and the j
secret of amassing wealth tnat Is written indelibly
in the "destiny" of nil mankind unsolved.
Miners, speculator*, as well as business and pro-
fessional men. consult her occult powers on all
matters of vital Importance to themselves and
others. Remember, Mine. £tewer:'s clairvoyant
powers penetrate like an X-ray your future life
and that of others as well. Asa card-reader she is
unsurpassed, having read . the cards since 11
years of age. Consult for a mere pittance M me.
Stewert, the only seventh daughter of the seventh
daughter. The only medium who can produce an
exact liKenes? of your future husband or wife ma-
terialized before your very eyes as natural as in
the tteah. Parlors 2 and 3, 917 Market St.
A SSISTaXC- a 7) ADVICE ~' ~~"
— x. that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PKOFES.SOK M. L. CARNELLK,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In . love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brinks' the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PKOF. M. L.'CARN_L__, 220 Kddy st
Letters' with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
MX. POKTKR. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant. curd- reader, born with a don veil and
second sight: ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
pLAIKVOYANT— LADIES ONLY; FEE 25&
\J 41 Minnas:., basement.
YPSY LIFK-READKR; LADIES 25c;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 6 Seventh.
MME. LKGKITE; PRKBENT. PAST AND
future; 25c. .311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium; guarantees yon a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1 ; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift.. Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st
ME. TK UK, CELEBRATED GYPSY, GIVES
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
'success in New York City; greatest card reader on
tbe coast Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. i ' Hours
9to 8; elevator. : ■' .-■-■•-;...■ : . .
PROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
X wonderful power; advice on all affairs; busi-
ness confidential; letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday.
MiC. R A VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY :
tips on races; names given; 26c up. . 6 Fourth.
THEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
Ist; mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM: VEALS
past, present; future: 25c up. 764 Howard st
ME. SYBILLE TfciLLS FHOM CRADLK TO
tbe grave; fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
MX. AKiNUI', BKST FOKTU.NK TKLLKR IN
the world: 50c «nd $1, shows you the picture of ;
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor. Market
ETUKNEU, WORLD-RENOWNED MM a
XI SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 866 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM. ,
RS. KATE H6SKINB, TRANCE AND Busi-
ness medium; sittings dally; $1. 136 Oak st
MRS. KEENAN. BUSINESS AND TRANCE
medium; satisfaction guaranteed. 11 Stock-
ton st. * .■'.
KB. DR. B. REYNOLDS, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium; life readings with full diag-
nosis :of , mental and physical difficulties given
without asking questions. 8 Mason si., cor. ■ Mar-
ket, room 8. ' ■ *. ■ - - •
: A DDIE SWAIN WILL BE AT 1065 MARKET
'_— st. but a few days longer: ladies only.
MME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT /25
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee ■ $1; letter $2.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT.
trance medium: sittings $1. '-'18 Stockton st
ASTROLOGY. ..'
rminouASc^^u^hni^RY^^TAvaßT ;
\J and the hand read: from 500. 1422 Hyde st.
R. MEAD ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS BY
planets; dally or by mail, $'-'. 3t>y 3 Geary gU7v : :
__• COUNTRY RE . ESTATE.
'FARRELL A C 0., "" " " - ~~~ ~ T~~
DAVID BUSH. COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
11 MONTGOMERY ST. .
CO PER ACRE — 2100 ACRES OF LAND 5
<^)yJ miles from Red Bluff. Tehama County, on
county road; about 1600 acres bottomland,
balance, only slightly rolling: fenced: splen-
did fruit or grain land; well watered: this
would be a line place for colony purposes.
<n»1 O PER ACRE — 3100 ACRES: ONE OF
«jpxoth'» finest stock ranches in San Luis
Oblspo County: only 5 ' miles from Pa*o
Kobles: line improvements and 60'J acres in
_ grain this year: ea.sy terms will be granted.
©1 Q&CI WILL BUY 15 ACRES NEAR MAR-
<IP- I - *-'U tinez. Contra Costa County, all out in
grain, alfalfa, family orchard, garden, with a
furnished house of 5 rooms, barn, all the
stock tools on the place and about 80 tons
. . of hay; a great bargain.
<a»"|QAA WILL BliY 40 ACRES HALF A
1( -'"" mile from Zvante station, near Felton,
- Santa Cruz Mountains, with 10 acres in wine
grapes; house, ham. water from spring*:
plenty of wood : handsome, profitable place.
SCI 7^o WI_I. BUY 14 ACRES IN ALHAM-
tIDA I bra Valley, near Martinez: all level
loam land; 7 acres Id Muscat and Tokay
grapes in full bearing, balance in grain; small
house; very cheap.
QjOAAA WILL buy A beautiful AND
«JpOUUU profitable summer home farm of 45
acres 6 miles from St. Helena, on Howell
Mountain, with a nice furnlsned house of 6
rooms. . 3-room cottage, stable and chicken-
houses, wiUi 5 acres in vineyard full bearing,
family : orchard and 672 French prunes, 4
' years old; lovely climate and beautiful view;
The cheapest place in the State 1 .
<Qil-iAAf| FOR 51 ACRKS. 2 MILES FROM
<J)UUUU santa Rosa: all level loam soil; 6
acres of wine grapes with family orchard,
balance grain or fruit land; house of 9 rooms,
barn and outbuildings; windmill and tank:
water from creek.
©7KAA 217 ACRES NEAR CLOVER-
»ip I O\J\J. dale, Sonoma County; S3 acres in
wine grapes; 3 acres in orchard; with good
house, barn and outbuildings; plenty of wood
and water.
FOR BXCHANGK FOR SAN FRANCISCO
property. Elegantly improved suburban home,
, . GVa acres Iy a miles from Hay wards, on Cas-
tro Valley road; all out in cherries, prunes;
lamily orchard; elegant house with all mod-
ern improvements, with furniture, stock and
tools; value 910,000.
T^XCHANGE— 17y 2 ACRES JUST OUTSIDE
XJ town limits of HBy wards; all out in prunes
and apricots; fine bouse with all modern im-
provements; crop will bring $2000 this year;
value $15,000.
LOS GATOS— A HANDSOME INCOME PROP-
-i erty at Glen ■ Ridge, just outside the town
limits of Los Gatos; lot 76x350, fronting on
2 streets; beautiful new modern house of 10
rooms, now rented for $45 a month, on one
street and new modern house of 7 rooms,
rented for $25 a month; cash price $10,000;
would exchange for san Francisco Improved
property at a cash valuation.
FOX KENT FUR THE SUMMER MONTHS
(longer If desired), 2 handsomely furnished
houses on Pacific Heights, commanding a
fine marine view In this city, of 9 rooms and
bath, with modern conveniences; rent $60
v and $75 per month respectively.
ffIjQXA PER ACRE: 15 ACRES OF THE
<JpOtJU finest full-bearing orange grove in the
State; on main line of railroad at Penryn; all
nnder high state of cultivation and nnder irriga-
tion canal. This property will pay for itself In 2
years. No such property has ever been offered be-
fore for less tbbn $1000 per acre. Examine this
at once.
ALSO— SO ACRES CHOICE LAND IN SAME
location; mostly in bearing fruits and nnder
high state of cultivation; at $175 per acre; cheap
at $300, .
©1 Pi 000 110 ° ACRES; A FINK STOCK
tip lif. UUU. ranch lnNapa County; all fenced;
30 acres vineyard; good house; large barns: plenty
of water; all the implements; some stock; 200
acres under cultivation, 600 more can be if wanted;
will sell or exchange; must be handled at once, as
owner has other business to attend to. Submit
only first-class properties. Will entertain Los
Angeles property.
EDWIN K. AL9IP A CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building.
T/OR BALK— PLEASANT HOME, 6 ROOMS:
y 4 lots, 200x120 (half acre); fine place for poul-
ry or flowers. WILLIAM LAMBEKT, Millbrae.
pkcial BARGAINS -$2600 —20 ACRES
level land near Napa: 6 acres orchard; house,
lot, barn, etc.; easy terms. $4000 — acres near
i Santa Rosa; IS Dearing vineyard, 2 orchard, 10
bay; house, barn, water; easy terms. I. C.
SHARFF, 18 Post st.
N IDEAL HOME IN SAN JOSE, CONBIBT-
Ing of 15 acres; all In fall bearm* orchard,
I with complete irrigating plant: house of 11 rooms,
| with all modern conveniences, barn and several
outbuildings; chicken-yard and place for cow;
lame garden; choice Sowars: very cheap. Ad-
dress J. H-, box 56, Call Office.
MODKL FARM OF 1000 ACRKS AT MEN-
Io Park; all clear: will exchange for Income
city property. A pply SPECK _ CO., 602 Mark et.
T> ANCH, 650 ACRES.
NEAR CLOVERDALK.
' A BARGAIN FOR CASH.
THIS PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
SEE US AT ONCE.
»i>'--r EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
' -.". . ■ 638 Market st
RANGE LANDS.
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICE& • -
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE. *'
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS. '
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
I ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice horn* and
j at the same time a.good Investment: it will cost
I you ' unimproved $700, planted and cultivated
; $1750; about $300 cash, balance In five annual
' payments: no Interest; the trees planted on this
| property will begin bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. .
We ha-" an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably. . ,
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE * CO.,
638 Market St., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, .Oakdale,
Cal.
T?OR BEAUTIFUL SUMMER HOME;
: J siperbview; Howell • Mountain, Nap* county,
I Cal.: 45-acre ranch: 26 cleared and fenced: 6
! miles from St. Helena: 1% miles from Angwlns
P. 0.; iEtna stage passes daily; comfortably fur-
nished 6 room house; 3-room cottage; good stable.
chicken-houses, etc.: unfailing sprine; concrete
I dam; 2000-gallon reservoir; air motor windmill,
pump, tanks: water piped over the place: 5-acru
| vineyard, full bearing; orchard, assorted fruits,
i full bearing; 572 French prunes, 4 years old;
! terms reasonable. MKn G. L. Ml X, care of .Etna
stage, St. Helena. Napa County, Cal. ;
\ GOOD, OLD- FASHIONED" NKW ENGLAND
x\- farm: 390 acres richest river bottom laud: all
under cultivation; 300 acres in wheat; 14-crop goes
with sale; good, house, -7 rooms, cellar; nr.llk-
house: barns; chicken-house; windmill; family
orchard: ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
stock, tools, wagons go with place; price $40 per
acre and worth to-day $75; best value in State.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cal. ,
<Si.!\(\(\ AN ISLAND OF 15 ACRES IN THJU
<Tp»JUU. Russian River; house and' barn: all
I first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres in the .Santa Cruz Mountains.
CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
<J>(-nnn FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE; 10
tjpUVUU. acres planted all varieties fruit; 4-
room house, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
ing utensils Included. Apply F. B. HOOSON. Hay-
words.
Ulifinnfl FOOTHILL HOME; 6 ACRES IN
fjpUUUU. San Mateo County: 25 miles from
San Francisco; half mile from railroad: modern
house; 9 large rooms, oath, etc.; fine stable for 4
horses. C. B. MERRILL, room 8, floor 8. Mills
Building, San Francisco. • .
1 AO ACRES GOVERNMENT LAND; FINE
J-UU home; cheap. 20 O'larrell st, room 4.
RUIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
net. 3o per cent: 30 acres peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and do-
in?; cannery near that will make five year's con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition in the Slate. JoIIN T. HALL.- Alameda, Cal.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY, 57 CHRONI-
I A cle bid?., are selling choice fruit lands, 1% hrs
from San Francisco, at $35 per acre; title p-rfect.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. .- .... .:.-■
T,-<OR HOMES IN LOSG\TOS OR ORCHARDS
-T in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble A Co.
ii-N-Ui-OIiOUK LIST OF OKCHAKD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTKR _ WHITTON. S»n Joss.
,T ITTLK HOMES C'LOSK TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 portly Improved,
. with , small house, etc. . D. H. T W I U, bonoma
City.;- Inquire 632 Market st. 8. F. . ■
PROPERTY WANTED.
.T % WAi?T~rTO~'H7' AcltEi^^
JL able to grow anything within 30 miles of city;
give lowest price and terms. • C. *". GOODMAN,
326 Pacific St., San Francisco.
WANTED— WELL IMPROVED FARMS;
I » V sale or exchange. At SPECK & CO., 603 Mar-
ket st •
ANTED— IMPROVED OR UNIMPROVED
lot in vicinity of Ocean View or Colma: must
be a bargain. I. P., box 103, Call Office.
\y ANTED TO LEASE— SMALL RANCH SUIT-
* able for poultry in vicinity of the city; state
price, etc. F. E. W.. box 84, this office.
ANTED-SCHOOL OR GOVERNMENT
" land; Lake or north cos. Ad. J. N., box 36, Call
ANTED— LO'IS FOR COTTAGK AND LOT
near me Park entrance. 1602 Vallejo; flat $7.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE^ _ /
LTA^PUNTA TRACrrTISFGEM^OFTTHE
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: ,3 > miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 60x200 leet, from $80 to
I $200: small deposit; easy Installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAIGHf, 220 ijanaome at.. San Francisco; Cal.
' ... _.._, _■■__._■ _ To . LEASE. _■ _ y ■--_■;;■ : j_ Li ;-
-j A . BARGAIN— TO LEASE FOR TERM OF
Jr_ years, 1100 acres near lies, Alameda County,
Cal.; fine grazing and part for farming. Inquire
Of S. SALZ, Centerville, Alameda County.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
____________________
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
If OR RENT; $13; FLAT OF 6 ROOMS ON
X _ Thirteenth aye., near Twenty-first st
For rent: $15: new flat of 6 rooms on Seven-
teenth st, near Fifth aye.
For rent; $16; flat of 6 rooms on Fifth ave.,'near
Eighteenth st. v
For rent; $22; 2-story house of rooms; barn,
chicken-house, etc.; Twentieth st, near Seventh
aye.
I For rent; $25; 2-story 8-room house on Bth are.,
near 21st st.
For rent: $30; 2-story 8-room house on E. 15th
St., near 7th aye.
For rent; $10; 5-room cottage on 13th aye., near
80th v. ." .
For rent; $14; 5-room cottage on 16th St., near
Bth aye.
For rent: $14: 4-room cottage, 2 attic rooms, on
sth aye.. near 17th st . *
For rent: $15: 4-room cottage on Eighth aye.,
near Twentieth st.
I For rent: $20; 6-room cottage on Fifth aye., near
Eighteenth St.
For rent: $28: 9-room cottage on Twelfth aye.,
near Sixteenth st. ■ .* -;■'-;-;
For rent; $32 60; 8-room cottage on Seventh
aye., ncr Fifteenth st
For rent; furnished; $25; 4-room co'tage on
Newton aye., near At hoi, Peralta Heights.
For rent; furnished; $30: 6-room cottage on
L?wis aye., East Oakland Heights.
For rent; furnished; $35; 2-story 8-room house
on Klgh'.h aye., near Twentieth st.
For rent : $30 ; 2-story 1 0- room house on Chicago
aye , Peralta Heights, Eaat Oakland.
B. H. WELCH A CO., BW. cor. Fifth aye. and
Eighteenth st., East Oakland.
\T B.— WITH ONE OR TWO EXCEPTIONS
•I • all the above described houses are situated
on or near one or more car lines, are In first-class
order and provided with all modern Improve-
ments in the way of water, gas, baths, laundry,
etc. Many have been thoroughly renovated with
paint and. paper since occupied by last tenant, and
have fine large yard with flowers and fruit. We
cannot give space to all our list; suffice it to say
that we have a long one, and all at very reasonable
rates, accommodations considered. Call and see
us; we can do you good. The Eighth- car at
Broadway brines you right to our door, B. H.
WELCH <fc CO., S. W.cor. Fifth aye. and Eigh-
teenth St., East- Oakland. "
C 1 9 A ACRES, $3 PER ACRE. SONOMA
OXC.\J County; 100 acres In choice fruit; to
trade for clear property here. C. m. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland. '.
"I AFAYETTE, CONTRA COSTA COUNTY, 5
XJ acres, no buildings: also 40 acres near Lafay-
ette, cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
rpHREE-QUARTERS OF AN ACRE AT KLM-
X hurst ; new house and barn; corner place: cost
$2200, for $1900. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway,
Oakland. ■ -
ON'T PAY KENT.
For sale at a sacrifice, new cottage of 6 rooms
o;i Fruitvale aye.: lot 75x175; on sunny side of
street; splendid fruit tree's on this lot; price $30U0;
only $50 down and $20 per month; in the same
Dock cottage: of 6 rooms; lot 30x175; price $1800;
will sell on the same terms: don't buy without look-
In? at these beautiful homes, surrounded by beau-
tiful flower gardens; electric cars pass the door:
this property must be sold as tie owner Is going
East; make offer; also on Mozart street, Alameda,
cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x150; price $3800, 0n ,
easy payments; also property tor exchange. Ap-
ply to P. KELLY, 459 Ninth st, Oakland.
ffl!*-)AAA CORNER HOUSE; 8 KUOMs;
tJ>OUUU. bath and laundry; within 4 blocks
of Adeline station; a bargain. J. H. MACDCN-
ALD A CO., 470 Ninth St., Oakland.
p.OZY HOME; $3250. CASHSI2SO; 5 ROOMS,
\J porcelain bath; choice flowers; greenhouse:
cement . walks: near churches and schools;
centrally located: will net purchaser 7 per cent;
owner will remain as tenant or vacate; principals
only. Address E. CRAG, Call Office. Oakland.
MUST BE SOLD— HOUSE OF 3 KOOM8; 2
chicken-houses; city; water: lot 60x108; all
fenced: price only $400. Fruitvale Land Com-
pany, Frnltvale station. .
©zl7^ HALF- ACRE LOT, NEAR TELK
«JP"i 10, graph aye., Oakland; half price. Ad-
dieas X.. box 114, Call Office. ■ '
<3iQPiOO FRUITVALE HOME; SPECIAL
<{pOi)v/U. bargain; house of 7 rooms and bath;
fine well and tank; conservatory, chicken-houses
and outbu ldiogs; an abundance of fruit and flow-
ers: lot 140x200. For terms see Fruitvaie Land
Company, Fruitvale station.
<_ 1 QAA 6 ACRES; 2% IN BEARING
fjIOUU. fruits: well located. ALDEN A
KKONENB3RO. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Oil 1 f^O 1 ACRE; 4-ROOM HOUSE, CHICK
«3plJ-Uv/. en-house and family orchard. Al/-
DEN &KRONENBER , 902 Broadway, Oakland.
C»9OOO HOUSE 8 ROOMS: LOT 30X116:
iJ-UUU. near station; must be sacrificed on
account departure. Apply A. J. TAIT, 1566
Seventh St., Center station, Oakland.
Cfifinn To LOAN ON GOOD SECURITY
tJpuUUU at 12 cent; money on hand: no
commission. J. H. EDSON, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land.
ffI«O7 CA READ! READ READ! $80 PER
«ID— < ' OU. month and no cash down for a new
modern 8-room house: bath; lot 85x125. ALDEN
A CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland. •:- -■■
T AM AUTHORIZED BY THE BANK TO
X sell tbe following property:
Firs*.— Lot 20x140, running through to wide
alley, cottage 6 rooms, almost new; in Al con-
dition: fronting on city park: convenient to elec-
tric cars and local; cost original owner $2500;
price $1400; terms, $200 to $400 cash; balance,
mortgage. •
Second— loo feet front on principal residence
street corner; street macadamized. sewered, ce-
ment walks; modern cottage 6 rooms: first-class
condition: cost original owner $4500; can be
bought for 92500; terms $500 cash, balance mort-
gage. - -■'.•
Third— feet front on Telegraph prop-
erty In this location considered worth $20 to $30
per front foot; this property will be closed out for
$12 per front foot; terms, part cash. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
IPOR RENT— SEVERA-L HOUSES: $4 TO $10.
1 Inquire MRS. M. P. McCOUUTNEY, cor. For-
tieth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland. "
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 0 CENTS — TH»
WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing:
OAKLAND FURNITURE. FOR SALE.
Vr_ W FURNITURE OF 8 ROOMSAND^kiTCH-
Xi en for pa'e oil account of sickness; suitable for
rooming-house; price $225. Address M. M., box
3, Call office, Oakland. .
<_QC FURNITURE 4KO OMB. H. SCUELL.
<jDOO. HAAS*. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET. •
ANDSOMELY FURNISHED" HOUSE ' and
grounr.3: first-class neighborhood; 2 blocks
irom depot: 10 rooms and bath: to' rent or lease.
961 Madison St., Oakland.
FOR RENT-$l7 60 ONLY, 7-ROOM FLAT;
no dark or Inside rooms; closets; stoves all set;
water; dumb-waiter; 956 Union st., Oakland.
A.H. BREED & ('<'.. 460 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
• . ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.-
nTTvv modern
»3puUUU. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms: Central aye.,
one clock west of Park, st; It will surely please
yon: Investigate; terms to suit G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth st., Oakland.
\,| ARCUSE «fc RKMMKL, CONTRACTORS
-l« I aud builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2.
• $2200— 525 rash, $20 monthly; 87:8 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2460-$25 cash, $22 50 monthly: 63x117; cot-
tase of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 89x100: sonny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
«3000— ISO cash; $25 monthly; 87:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and . bath, to be built to order, la .
elegant location. .
Several special bargains In lots.
. Houses ami stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays. . . . ■'
OR SALE— .. - .- .-.,... y ■ ,-..:.; ~
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.; house 4
rooms. Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or - will exchange tor
Ban Francisco or country property. Apply
. ' EASTON, KLDKIbGE CO.,
; 638 Market st,
' San Francisco, CaL
rw ANTED AN OFFER FOR A 30-FOOT
'< business lot on Park st; has a nice cottage
that will pay 6 per cent in rent; also five roomed
cottage on San Antonia J. H. YOUNG, 1243
Park st. -. . ■
BARGAIN-SISSO; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150; house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $1335 per month. WILLIAM P.. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. : '
OMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THB
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4. 5, 6 and 7 room cottages ami 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. K. DKNKE. real estate, architect and
builder, 1502 Seventh st.Alwmeda. ■ •
; ALAMEDA ROOMS TO LET.
3 OR 5 NICE ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
housekeeping: very convenient. 8219Brlgga ay
BERKELEY; REAL ESTATE.
/-IOMFLETE LITTLE HOME AT SACRIFICE
Yon account of departure or exchange for un-
improved lot In this city valued at $1000. L., box
7, Call Office. '
JOSEPH J. MASON, REaL ESTATE AND
insurance agent, Berkeley . station, adjoining
bank. ■■- ■.-... . . ■ - ■ - .~
GiOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
r on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center st. Berkeley.
fy~ BERKELEY HOUSES.
F~~OIt RENT^ciKoiclsiTf L^CATIOir^Tv
Berkeley :i lot 100x270; fruit* ami flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, eta; all beautifully
furnished; to rat-class tenant long term. Sea
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
II OR KENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 6 ROOMS
and bath; piano; $30. '-014 Virginia st., near
Shattuck aye., Berryman station. 
1314
HOUSES TO _ LET.
7^7^HOT\VFTLL^9^iKOOMsrBATH, $30;
I Zik) 701 Shotwell, cor. " went y- first. 10 rooms,
bath, $:-.O: 1139 Valencia. 8 rooms, bath, $26: 17
Gnerrero, 6 rooms, bath, $25: 17 Guerrero, 6
rooms, "bath, reduced, $21; 223 Twenty-fourth, 5
rooms, bath, $13: 1208 Green, cottage. 5 rooms,
bath. $10; 929% Natoma, 6 rooms, $16. W. H.
CRIM * CO., 118 Montgomery st.
N ELKGANT HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS AND
bath with all modern Improvements; costly
1 mantels; all rooms tinted In latest style; in desir-
aole neighborhood. 2219 California St., bet. Bu-
chanan and Webster. MADISON & BURKE.
: 71 Q DEVISADERO, BET. FULTON AND
I 1 •_' Grove— B rooms and bath: MO; water free.
WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post st.
ELEGANT NEW HOUSE; 9 ROOMS, BATH j
Xj ann finished basement; 3419 Jackson st: ma- i
rine view; rent reasonable.. WILL E. FISHEB & j
CO., 14 Dost St.
9 -ROOM MOUSE, 1004 PINE ST., REDUCED I
to $40; 9-room house, 1811 Suiter, reduced to
$45; other bargains. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
ffl.on tA SEE THAT ELKGANT NEW SUN-
«Jpo<£.«Jl/. Ny 6-room house. 612 Guerrero st.
EAQ JONES — TEN-ROOM HOUSE DOWN-
OUi; town; all light and bright; flne location for
renting rooms: $50. '
mo LET— SUNNY RESIDENCE SE. CORNER
X Taylor and Broadway : 10 rooms and bath; fine
view. Apply H. MEYt-B, 929 Broadway.
T"ROOiUS; YARD; BASEMENT: $10. 321
*± Tenth st.
1 WILLOW AYE., off larkin-su ny
X_ house, 6 rooms. K\y, to-day, 628 Kllis St.
OUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina ht. . .
71 I SUTTEP. NEAR TAYLOR — VERY
IX X choice: elegant; spacious: reasonable.
A PPRECIATED IFSEEN-30 MORRIS AYE.,
A off Harrison St., near Sixth; sunny house of 5
rooms; good order: $13; water Tree; yard: cellar.
* PPRKCIATBD— IF 58.EN— 829% SUTTH.R
J\ st., nr. Jones: choice for doctor or dressmaker.
1 1 i\n HOWARD— I'll i: OF HOUSE;
XXU i 6 sunny rooms ai;i bath; cheap.
■pOOMIJSG-HOCSfc: OF 33 ROOMS. 821 HOW-
Xt ard St., near Fourth^
I BURNISHED HOUSE TO RENT IN BELVK-
-1 dere. Apply MRS. DENEHY, Belvedere.
•\TEWLY KENOVATED HOUSE 10 ROOMS,
1\ bath: $40. 927 McAllister st.. nr. Buchanan.
OQO/» ARMY ST., NR. DOLORES— 2- STORY
Ou«D house 8 rooms and bath; furnished or un-
furnished: rent reasonable. Apply to L. A. SuUC
& CO., 465 and 467 Valencia st.
OUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH: ST AT I O
ary n-ashtubs; newly furnished. 604 Guerrero,
cor. Eighteenth; 2 car lines pass the door.
ST - i 9 ROOMS, BATH AND GARDEN:
good order; rent reasonable. 1427 Post St.,
near Gougli.
rpo LET— HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
1 tine basement; rent $25. Apply 353 Grove St.,
btt. Franklin and Gough.
1- ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY- FRONT
1 and rear yards; on a pretty street, fronting pri-
vate park: newly painted, clean and attractive;
$30. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye.
Oa )/i MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
C*«JU. ment; lar^e yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
I 9. » PRECITA AYE.; SPLENDID HOUSE;
X__ large rooms: rent $16.
oust:— a "nice HOUSE and others
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery su
41 (' HYDE-HOUSE OF 7 BOOMS AND
•i ID bath. Inquire a- 418.
FUKNISHKD HOUSES.
URNIS_ED~HO UsifoF 9 ROOMS AND
bath; 4 months at $40. 1509 Jackson St., be-
tween LarKin and Pol
OR SALE; FLAT: 6 BOOMS; FURNISHED;
rent reasonable: no dealers. 44 Third st.
ffTo OCCUPY A RESIDENCE IN ABSENCE
X oi owners where care will be compensation for
rent : reference. Address S., box 74. Call. •
COTTAGES to let.
\ v"modf?rn c^t^j^TTTrooms^^ath
i.l and basem nt; 409 Laurel St., near California.
WILL E. FISHER & CO.. 14 Post St.
(J.Q jr<v COTTAGE: FLAT, $11 50: LARGE
ts>O'. OU. yards; cheap. 1123 Vallejo si ,■ ; ■ .
pOTTAGE; 4 ROOMS: BASEMENT; STABLE
\J for horses; cheap. 1303 Baker st.
/ OTTAGE : $11: 4 ROOMS AND BASE-
\J menu 422% Ringold, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
1?OR RENT IN NORTH SAUSALITO-TWO
cottages; 4 and 6 rooms; rent. $12 and $15.
Apply LOUIS HAFFNEK, Sausalito, Marin
County, Cal.
7QX WILLOW AYE— COTTAGE OF S ROOMS:
100 rent $9. Apply 500 Grove st.
--KOuM COTTAGE; RENT $20. 519 MINNA
0 street.
FURNISHED FLATS.
\ I EL^'^FG^5?ll^ED^TL^rF^)F^6^R^OMS
X\ and bath: piano; reasonable. 120 McAllister.
1 'WEKVLAT. FURNISHED, TO RENT FOR
XJ 6 weeks; $27: no children. 1926 Ellis st.
FLATS TO LET.
9VO«)'wA6HIXGTUX-"iOvFEK 7 BOOMS,
OXO_ bath. . $32 60; 3023 Valencia, lower
6 rooms bath, * - J3 50; 2518 Mission upper 6
rooms, bath, $22 50; 2825 Howard, lower 5 rooms.
bath, $20; 207 Second, upper 7 rooms, $18; 58
'! emma, upper 6 rooms, $18: 824 Filbert, middle
5 rooms, bath, marine view. $18. 1211 Guerrero,
upper 5 rooms, bath. $16; 11% McLea court, up-
mr 5 rooms, bath. $16: 526 Filbert, upper 5
rooms, $16; 116 Dorland. upper 5 rooms, $14;
4JI I 2 Mississippi, lower 4 rooms, bath, $14: 1307
Minna, upper 5 rooms, $14: 109% Ellis, basement
5 rooms. $12; 2816 Larkin. lower 5 rooms. $12;
819 Alabama, lower 5 rooms, stable, $12; 1311
Micna, lower 4 rooms, $10; 174 Clementina, upper
;: rooms, $10; 1047 Folsom* upper 4 rooms, $9; 68
Teuauia, upper 3 roomß, $8. W. H. CRIM <fe CO.,
118 .Montgomery St.
EE THOSE ELEGANT NEW FLATS; NE.
0 Devisadero and Turk: marble steps; all latest
improvements. I'MBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
OEAUTIFI'L NEW CORNER FLATS— SET
X> Fare and Lyon ; Park Panhandle. UMBSEN,
14 Montgomery sU
Qio FINE SUNNY UPPER FLAT, NW.
<IP±O. cor. Point Lobos and Fifth avenues, 6
rooms and bath. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14
Post st. •■
TUST APPROACHING COMPLETION.
Five choice modern flat s on corner of Twenty-
fifth and rolsom sts. ; all sizes. Inquire on prem-
ises, j
OK SALE-FURNITURE OF 5 ROOMS AND
J? bath complete; sunny house; rent $25; five
minutes' walk to Chronicle building. Address
F. F.. box 117, Call Office.
OB HILL FLATS-920 PINE, OPP. BELLA
x> Vista Hotel, 6 rooms and bath, rent $25; latest
improvements.
Q9|A FLLLMORS— SUNNY, NEW -7-ROOM
XjjLtX flat; rent very low.
NEW FLATS, 6 AND 7 BOOMS, VERY
cheap. 2852 Folsom, cor. Twenty-flftb.
A I fkHAIGHT-SUNNY FLAT, 5 LARGE
11U sunny rooms; all improvements.
Alt GRAND FLAT, 5 ROOMS, BATH, GAS.
li). 3930 Nineteenth st.. bet Noe and Sanchez.
T/LAT: 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 13 HAMPTON •
J St., off Folsom, bet. Second and Third.
TtToi POST. BET. POWELL AND MASON—
i— £-4 Sunny flat; $16.
T~O~ LET— SUNNY FLAT 7 ROOMS AND
bath; 124 Fulton St.; OD«n from 10 to 12.
1 IA. MIN.N A, NEAR ELEVENTH; 4 SUN-
XULtr ny rooms: yard; water free. .
If LAT: 4 ROOMS; MODERN. 118 ASH AYE. '
X off McAllister, above Polk. .
7901 McALLISTKK-UPPER FLAT; 4 SUN-
-1 £(J2 ny rooms: rent $13.
"L->LATS TO LET— FINE SUNNY FLATS; 4,5
r and 6 rooms and bath each; Valencia and
Twentieth sis.; rents $14 to $17. Apply to L. a.
JONES & CO., 465 Valencia st. .
1 Or Ql LEXINGTON AYE.. NEAR .NINE-
J 000% teenth— Flat. 6 rooms, bath; $14.
T7LATSOF3 AND 4 ROOMS AT 619 A FIL-
x bert st.; $10 and $12.
A ROOMS AND BATH, $10. 618 GREEN.
•x wich st.
1 O.F. SACRAMENTO ST.— FIiAT OF 3
XO—O rooms; separate entrance; rent $10.
LTPPEB OR LOWKR FLAT, 4 OR 5 SUNNY j
' rooms: bath and stable. 2721 % Bryant aye.
TV-LA T, 4 NICEKOOMS; BATH. 627 GOLDEN
X I Gate aye.
9QI "1 CALIFORNIA— UPPER SUNNY FLAT:
— •/ 1 1 7 rooms; large garden and basement;
rent' $35.
HAVES, N. SIDE— UPPER FLAT! 7
i — ' ' rooms: rent $27 50.
7>EAUTIFUL CORNER FLAT; 8 SUNNY
J* rooms: bath; very latest improvements. 1237
Pine st.
LARGE FURNISHED OR UNFURNISHED
roams; reasonable. Apply within 517 a Shot-
well st. "■:.■'•■■
Wf C\ S SUNNY CONVENIENT ROOMS.
-I ■"• 130 San Carlos aye., near Eighteenth and
Mission sts. ■
/iHOICKST AND CHEAPEST CORNER FLAT
\J In city; 1418 Ellis St.; 7 rooms and bath; new
and sunny.
790 A GROVE— LOW KbTfLAT OF 4 ROOMS.
. 4 Ziu and bath; light, sunny yard. ; I
RKED— FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH; FINE
view; $20. Key 1325 Washington, near Jones.
I IH I FULTON — GOOD LOWER FLATT~S
II Da rooms; bath; sear City Hall ; $18.
71C OCTA VIA— FLAT Or 6 SUNNY ROOMS
IXO and basement: gas; bath; water free. .
ODE It « FLATS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, $14
and $15. 219% Twenty-third, near Harrison.
VLATS TO LET: PROPERTY FOR SALE:
X 1 all over town. PATTERSON <fe CO., 2 Va-
lencia st. . . .'■"■"■
ELEGANT NEW TOP FLAT. 6 ROOMS AND !
bath, reduced from $25 to $18, on McAllister '
st. SPECK * CO., 602 Market. . ; ;
~Ai\7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
UU I a Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 6
rooms; modern improvements; rent only. sl6;
water free.
IXATS TO ' LET- Continued.
BOOMS^oSTVIRST FLOOR-MCLEAN AND
jt attractive: front and rear yards; unfinished
basement; 011 charming private street fronting
nark- to quiet family; $16. DEMPSTER, 30 Glen
Park aye.. Off Twelfth St.
1 1O() MCALLISTER- MODERN FLAT OF 6
lif'Ul rooms and bath, 927 50. UMBSEN, 14
' Montgomery st.
"TVTEW SU.NNY modern four-Room flat;
1\ 4 Tremont aye.. nr. Waller st., Golden Gate
I Park.
-1 i.(\ WALLER, NR. MARKET— ELEGANT
XOU new upper flat of 7 rooms and hath; best
lighted house in the city.
VIEW - WINDOW FLAT; 4 BOOMS;
1\ bath; yard. 3037 Twenty-second st., near
Howard. 1 -
pHKAP RENT, 4 AND 5 ROOMS AND BATH-
\J rooms, $13 and $14. 641 Valencia sU
O/\A TURK— UPPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS:
Q<£\t rear.
rnn NINTH - BAY-WINDOW CORNER
O\J£ flat; 5 rooms and bath: rentlow.
TTPPKR LOWER FLAT OF 2 OR 3 bUNNY
U rooms: bath, laundry; 36 Elgin Park, oil Rid-
ley St., above Valencia. . . ■
SUNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;. BATH;
garden; $1 3 and 1 6. 1706 Post st.
ffl» I O 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
1 O. teenth st. above Valencia.
LAT— A NICK FLAT AND OTHERS TO
rent by BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery at. •
-1 f>n 7 *TEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
XOU I flat: .5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
<3> I"I FOUR NICK ROOMS; 515 THlR-
tjp 11 . teenth st., bet. Guerrero and Market.
OWtB FLAT— TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
V LEO ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
X!i low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 10 $16.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS —THK
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Broderick Street.
1 Oil BRODERICK-3 ROOMS, BATH, STA-
IOII tionary wash bowls: forligbt housekeepng.
Ellis Street. '.
Q-l r ELLIS— SUNNY FURMSHED ROOMS
OXO complete for housekeeping; very cheap.
EQ9 ELLIS-4 SUNNY, UNFURNISHED
»>>>_ rooms and bath for housekeeping.
7Af» ELLIS— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS; NEW-
• UU ly papered and painted ; complete for house-
keeping
On 7~ ELLIS-TWO ROOMS COMPLETELY
O\J I furnished for housekeeping, $20.
Fifth Street.
Q-l A FIFTH — 2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
OX tfc keeping rooms; bath, closet, stove; private
family; $10.
Fourth street.
5 FOURTH —TWO FURNISHED HOUbE-
keeplng rooms, connecting.
99c FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
—— «J light housekeeping; also single.
Folsom Street.
m>O MONTH— 2 SUNN V ROOMS FURNISHED
tip O for housekeeping. 735 Folsom st.
QCO FOLSOM-LARGE, SUNNY, FURNISH-
OUO ed bedroom, connecting with kitchen;
yard: complete; housekeeping. .
O^n FOLsOM — TWO NICE FURNISHED
0 I U rooms for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
QAtt FOLSOM— LARGE FURNISHED ROOM
V±\J for housekeeping: bath; $2 50 week.
Fourth Street. S.. i r
41 Q FOURTH— PAPERED SUNNY
i ±XO rooms for housekeeping.
Geary St. ccc.
C I Q GEARY— SUNNY SUITS OF PARLORS;
UXO other sunny rooms; light housekeeping.
Uough. Street.
9"1 C GOUGH-3 LARGE SUNNY HOTTBE-
Z.XO keeping rooms; elegantly furnished; $18.
Hermann Street.
9C HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
— O rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Hickory Avenue
1 OR HICKORY AYE., COR. FRANKLIN— 3
XUU sunny famished rmsfor housekeeping; $16.
Kearny Streec.
5 OR LESS BOOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE- |
0 keeping. Kearny St., near Suiter. Gas or j
water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
i-arKui s;r«e:.
QO£ LARKIN — 2 OR 3 SUNNY HOUSE-
O£\J keeping rooms; furnished complete; central.
TqqTark in- nioely furnished bay-
XOO window housekeeping rooms; hot water;
reasonable.
Q-] 7 LARKIN HAS CHANGED HANDS;
Ox I nice sunny, rooms, double, single and
housekeeping, all furnished, $7 up.
McAllister Street.
Qf\f\ MCALLISTER^ CORNER OCTA VIA—
O\J\J Nicely furnished sunny, rooms with or
without housekeeping.
-M Inn a street.
nO A MINNA— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
1 Otfc housekeeping; no children.
Ninth Street.
OA NINTH, NR. MARKET— SUITS,
~\J housekeeping, stove, gas, water; single.
Norfolk Street.
r 9 NORFOLK, BET. ELEVENTH AND
OS 1 Twelfth, Folsom and Harrison— Sunny cot-
tage of 2 rooms: furnished for housekeeping;
washroom and la rge yard ; $10. Apply upstairs.
Oak Street.
1 9^l OAK-SUNNY ROOMS; FURNISHED
I ~O'l and unfurnished; $4, $5.
Folk Streec.
fli "I POLK-2 OR 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
DXX rooms; exclusive kitchen: gas stove.
Q-l Q POLK— SUNNY. HANDSOMELY FUR-
OXO nisbed alcove, with kitchen, bath, running
water, gas, etc. ; new carpets and furniture, com-
plete for housekeeping; also sunny flat, 4 rooms;
reasonable. • .
1 f*AO THREE NICELY FURNISH-
-1 010 ed large sunny front rooms ' for house-
keeping: reasonable.
• Powell Street.
AfiQ POWELL— 3 FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
ttU V housekeeping. .
ft 1 l\ POWELL— 3 SUNNY FURNISHED RMS.
OXU complete for housekeeping: reasonable.
Second Street.
c 9 SECOND-PLAIN LIGHT HOUSEKEEP-
O~* ing room cheap: also single and double.
mx; Streec. «
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
cozy housekeeping rooms and others. .
At)(\ SIXTH — 2 NEATLY FURNISHED
\Z,\J rooms: water; complete for housekeeping;
no children; «11. .
-9Q SIXTH— 4 CONVENIENT UNFURNISH-
OZ.O ed rooms and cellar; $11; also 2 unfur-
nished rooms; $«. '
South Park.
I(* SOUTH PARK — FURNISHED HOUBE-
xU keeping suites $7 and up; single $5; also
unfurnished.
Stockton Street.
O. Ql STOCKTON— 2 NICK ROOMS, PARTLY
UXO3 furnisned: large yard: water free; $5.
lehama Street.
9TEHAMA, NEAR FIRST — COTTAGE; 6
sunny rooms: large yard ; rent lowered.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH-ELEGANT (2 OR S) HOUBK-
keeping; piano; gas stove: suitable for phy-
sician or two couple: private family. vgftysSi
1 him street.
hi Q THIRD, CORNER SOUTH PARK—
OXO fly rooms for housekeeping; range; run- j
ning water. <
Turk street. "
091 TURK — 2 LOVELY UNFURNISHED
OAK rooms; gas stove, grate, large closets, run-
ning water.
' Twelfth Street.
mTWELFTH-2 SUNNY PARTLY FUR-
nisbed housekeeping rooms.
Twenty-sixth Street.
■11K1 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
XxO% Large nicely furnished housekeeping
suites ; good yard ; $9 and $11.
Valencia Street.
m VALENCIA— TOP FLAT; SUNNY COR-
ner; furnished rooms and housekeeping. ;
'?(iA VALENCIA -2 OR 3MCELY FUK-
£i\J~t nished sunny rooms for housekeeping if
desired.
Van JSeiss Avenue.
Af\"> VAN NESS AY.-2 BOOMS FURNISHED
*±\J£j for housekeeping; 1 front sunny; reason-
able.-, v ;•::.■,• •- . • ... ' : ■-•---..'. :'■,..';
1 091 AN NESS AYE., NEAB GEARY-
-LU^/X Large snnny suite with kitchen and sin-
gle room. ■ .
1 A(\U VAN NESS-SUNNY SUITES; FRONT
XttUU parlors; complete for housekeeping. . I
Welsh Street. ~~~
m WELSH ST., OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
nicely furnished housekeeping rooms
cheap.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
BOOMS ■;- TO LET. _ :
: Castro Street.
AQQI CASTRO- FINELY FURNISHED
t:OO2 rooms to leu .
Diamond Street.
Af\ DIAMOND — LARGE' UNFURNISHED
'±U sunny room with mantel and grate: $6.
i. tidy Street.
QA7 EDDY— SUNNY ROOMS; GAS; BATH;
O\J i lowreht.
n-\ A EDDY, NR. LARKIN— SUNNY FRONT
Dl "it room; gas, bath, closets; newly, furnished;
$8. :■•-■-■■- - •"■• -
Jbighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUfsE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
j iiis Street.
90 ELLIS— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS; ;
single and suites. ' '
fTIHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATES.
1 HART, manager— A quiet .house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot A cold water.
DOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
It at reduced rent; satisfy yourself; open all night.
OQQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN-FURNISHED
UOv bay-window alcove: gas stove; bath.
' Everett Street.
A C EVERETT-FURNISHED ROOMS, $3, $4
rtO and $5; housekeeping, $8 per month. :
*»eary sitreo..
91 71 GEARY-LARGE SUNN V FURNISHED
juX i 2 or unfurnished rooms: key at 217.
QAI GEARY-NEWLY FURNISHED OR
GUI nnfuruiahed rooms; new cor, flat; private.
iiolden Uate Avenue.
QQA GOLDEN GATE AYE.-PLEASANT
OOVJ sunny room for gentleman; bath and gas;
private family ; $6. . :
'1 LJ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
wIU furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men. •
19: GOLDEN GATE — FRONT OR BACK
O£O parlor cicely furnished; gas, bath, etc.
drove Street.
1 AQ GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED BOOMS;
XttO suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen. 1
999 GROVE— NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT
— — — bay-window room for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
also single room. ■■■• •-"-;
Hermann Street.
9C HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— OR 2
fit) rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. ■ ;_
Howard Street.
1 (\lC\ HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT BOOM,
XU I \J hot and cold water, $1 60 week; single $1.
IQAQI HOWARD— ELEGANT LARGE SUN-
XjLKjU'z ny room, $7: 1 or 2 persons: new flat.
191 7 1 HOWARD— LARGE ROOM; SUIT-
X&Xi>z able for 1 or 2 men"; gas: bath; private.
Jones Street.
Urr JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I alcove room; private.
9M7 •'"• N THii VAN WINKLE: NEW
*-U I manacement: elegant snnnr suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc; 810 to B3o.
ivcarny Street. .
A BLINOTON HOUBE, 127 KEARNY— PLBA9-
A ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first claai
is very respect: terms reasonable.
Lagans Street.
-1 9A?I LAGUNA— 2 NICE SUNNY FRONT
X£i\JO rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
Larkin Street.
CIA LARKIN — SINGLE SUNNY IRONT
OIXJ room with quiet family; $7.
1 (\C\l PARKIN — SUNNY SUITE; ALSO
lvU % single rooms; bath; every convenience.
ini<)l LARKIN— SUNNV ROOMS; RUN-
XUXO2 ning water; $6 to $15; use of kitchen.
l.eavenworth Mreet.
1 f\(\ LEAVENWORTH, COR. GOLDEN GATE
XUU aye.— Nicely furnished sunny front room;
suitable for two gentlemen ; $2 per week.
Linden \ venue.
9Q A LINDEN AYE.-3 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
■^-•Jtt planked yard; water; rent cheap.
Jtmrket >u«»i.
\"OBEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1 ; week, $1 50 to $5 -. families.
Martha Place. ,
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR. MA-
son — Nice furnished sunny rooms; $7 month.
Mason Street. <;','",■':'
990 MASON, COR. O'FARRELL— NICELY
~*lO furnished front bay-window rooms.
Minna street.
A OH MINNA, NR. FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY
~tO I front room and kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; also single room; quiet people only.
Uti<7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bav-wlndow rooms; $1 a week.
7971 MINNA— FURNISHED FRONT BUN-
I Ci I >> ny double room; gas; bath: $6.
IViisslon Street.
£1 Q MISSION —N I C EL V FURNISHED
OXO rooms. 15c to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
HE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION. NEAR
Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern Improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 50 a day.
nc 9 MISSION ST.; TWO FRONT ROOMS
tJOiJ for rent.
1 (l^\^\ MISSION — CHEAPEST ROOMS IN
I \Ji)fJ the city; housekeeping and others; week
or month. .
Monroe Street.
6 MONROE, OFF BUSH, NR. STOCKTON—
Furnished room for two: $7.
Ninth Street.
9K NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED BOOMS;
*~O single or suites; reasonable.
1 in ninth-sinole"and double front
lit/ rooms; sunny; central; lower flat.
";'■•-.•■■■■ Polk Street. .
1 7 POLK — FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS,
1 I or single; $5 to $12: also.housekeeping.
71 7 POLK ST.— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED'
111 rooms; light housekeeping allowed; reason-
able. .
\/l APLEHURST, 1217 POLK ST— UNFUR-
I'X nlshed suite; running water; suitable for doc-
tor or dentist; also furnished rooms.
1 91 7 -POLK— FURNISHED ROOMS; ALSO
1 — 1 I unfurnished suite; running water.
1 709 POLK > COR. CLAY— SUNNY
1 I \J£i single and housekeeping rooms. •»
, Post Street.
nt>l POST— NICE FURNISHED ROOM; GAS
UOI water, bath; single; $5 month.
Buss Street.
91 BUSS— SUNNY FURNISHED SINGLE
~j 1 rooms; bath, closet; $5. ■
~ Sixth Street.
1 Ql SIXTH— NICE SUNNY FRONT 'SUITES
XO2 of rooms: reasonable; transient 60c per
t night; suitable offices for doctor or dentist.
C)A 9 SIXTH— LARGE ROOM SUITABLE FOR
Z-'Tt— i 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
Stevenson Street.
r"I A STEVENSON— 2 LARGE ' SUNNY UN-
Ol ± furnished rooms, with yard and cellar.
9- Q STEVENSON — NICE SUNNY FUR-
ZiOO nished rooms to let; $4 no.
gutter Street.
A T HALF FORMER BATES— FINELY FUR-
A oisbed rooms, $2 60 per week. The Shasta,
320% Sutler st. :.
Taylor Street. ,
I A 9 TAYLOR — SINGLE ROOMS; SINGLE
x.\j£i and en suite, cheap; also established doc-
tors' offices. .- ■
1 i\Q TAYLOR— SUNNY PABLOBS: OTHER
X\JV rooms: $6 up. "" ;
COQ TAYLOR — NEWLY FURNISHED
OZiU throughout; all sunny rooms; price* to suit,
the times. .■"
Turk Street.
C A A TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Otltt front rooms en suite or separate; moderate.
ftO4 1 TURK ~ FRONT BOOM; $6.
Twentieth Street.
QQQH TWENTIETH— UNFURNISHED CAR-
OuOVJ peted, sunny parlor; quiet; private ; call
mornings. - _ ■ ■ . .
Valencia Street
Ql Q VALENCIA — NEW HOUSE; HAND-
OX somely furnished room suitable for lor 2
gentlemen. . *
1 1 VALENCIA — LARGE, SUNNY.
lUIO2 front room: $8; also 2 single rooms, $5.
Yerba Buena Street.
7 YERBA BUENA, BET. MASON, TAYLOR,
I Sacramento and Clay— 6 :'; furnished
rooms, $17; St others, $12; suitable lor light
housekeeping. ' j >' : -. ■•.,;. ■.'.■<
riHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United 'States or: Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. - . ,'■-•--.-'■---■.:, .-.■■■•■,•..:.
' .-■;•. OFFICES TO LET.
O£V% flees and residence combined: reason
PBKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices, $12 60 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. | Apply at building
or U. 11. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
n■« .11 m ».w< -■ 1 t— _- »^i w ... ---.^ - ■ - .. - • . * - . , . -- '' j
boarding AND BOOMS. r
TrCa^^ytSsC^S^S^ BACK~~PArtLOR
0 1 D with board for two; $20 apiece, and other
rooms. . / ■:>:.'-•. ", • .' -■'-•' '■■--"'
k(IO VAN NESS-SUITE OF PARLORS AND
OVJZi single rooms: with or without board.
71 POST— NEATLY FURNISHED - SUNNY
I xLi rooms; good table board: $20 up. .
Ql 7 JONES-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
OX < single or unites, with board; summer prices.
7] A GEAKY — FIRST-CLASS ROOM AND
I XV board; references.
HOTEL BEUTLINO, 714 BUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: aumod-
«*ni convenience*. .
CHILDREN, BOARDED.
p^HNED~WIDoIv r XvO^LirL?KE TO HAVE
XV one or more children to board; parent could
rind same: comfortable borne; plenty air and sun-
shine; terms reasonable. 12 Chernbusco s off
Cortland aye. «
ANTED - CHILD TO BOARD; GIRL:
healthful locality; country: good school;
musical instruction if .required: horse to ride:
mother's care; references given and required. Ad-
dreßS MRS. E. ALEXANDER. Kenwood, Cal.
WIDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
»" to board: nice . home; ' mother's care; best
references. 1205 Laguna st. ;
KIND LADY HAVING COMFORTABLE,
sunny home would take care of 1 or 2 infants
or children; : mother's care; terms reasonable.
Call 14 Valencia sU ___— —
T IVING A FEW MILES OUT OF TOWN, MY
XJ own home, and close to a school. 1 would like
one or two children to care for. Inquire at 968
Harrison st.
IV IDOW WISHES 2 CHILDREN tO BOARD;
»' • furnished room for parent. 916 Jackson st. -
INFANT OR CHILD TO BOARD; GOOD CARE;
reasonable. 625 a Natoma st.
LADY WANTS CHILDREN TO BOARD;
reasonable; good care. Call 18% Freelon st
ANTED— INFANT OB CHILI* TO BOARD;
good care: reasonable. 1413 Sacramento Ht.
stokes TO let.
COC KKARNY - LARGE STORE AND
OZ.O cellar ; * 125
519 Kearny - 60
615 Third— Store, 8 rooms, cellar, etc., for . •_'£
bakery 80
W. H. CRIM A CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
EE THESE FINE NEW STO ES. SE. COR.
Page and Lyon sts., and SW. cor. Haight and
Devisadero sts. ; exceptional opening for druggists
or grocers. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
LMNE CORNER STORK; GOOD LOCATION
X for grocery or drugstore; cheap rent. Corner
McAllister and Broderick sts. -
6 LET— I 22 GEARY ST., A FINE BASE-
ment: centra!. - ■ - ■
NE-HALF STORE TO RENT; BUITACLE
for a watchmaker. 2115 Fltlmore, California.
SALOON— FINE SALOON TO LET CORNER
of Bryant and Gilbert streets; fixtures for sale;
cheap; rent $20.
O RENT-8 STORES; 614, 614% AND 616
Fourth St., nr. Bluxome; also loft, 46x72. O.
F. YON RHEIN CO., 513 California St.
ALF OF STORE; 7 KEARNY ST.; NOW
occupied by P. sentmeri: will be vacant July
4. Apply J. A. SCHMIDT, 42b Ellis St.
FOR KENT— CIGAR-STAND: 236 TURK ST.;
on prominent corner; rent cheap.
A I (\ FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
"iIU in rear; suitable for any retail business; low
rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN it CO.. 14 Montg'y.
MEDICAL.
BS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE, CURES ALL DlS-
eases of womb, paralysis, rheumatism, dropsy,
liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors;
cure guaranteed; consultation iree. 230 Claras:.
DRS. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcelled in restoring Irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees; pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market si. to 904 McAllister st. '
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES HE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; yon will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
DR. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st., near Sixth.
PSYCHO MAGNETIC COMPANY CUKES
■I paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and luns:
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Masons.,
corner Market, room 11. . .
ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
J 316 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
"DEOAKD'S PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
XT specialty; also "Tine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonougb building, Oakland.
rsTdr. WEGENER TAKES LADIES be-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. ■ ■ ■■
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DIS-
X ease see MRS. DR. PUKTZ. 264% Fourth st.
\f ICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT; |
±y all female diseases treated: expert physicians; j
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9.~
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INBTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
PRIVATE homeln confinement.
1 DR. FUNCKE, 1416 Eighth «t., Alameda.
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: - latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make ".hem
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. DR. & MRS. i
DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
SI- RE~CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause ; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKS. DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk st.
R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREHT, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities; no danger; '
safe and sure; $2 50 press C. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS- Oakland. CaL
LEGAL, NOTICES.
TTNlTEißrSTTfEs"'cntC^^
U . Judicial Circuit, Northern District of Cali-
fornia.
In tha matter of a special session of said Circuit
Court.
Pursuant to section 66 4 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States It Is °
Ordered that a special session of the Circuit
Court of the United States of America of the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, In and for the Northern
District of California, be and hereby Is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of said court In the
United States Appraisers' building, in the City
and County of San Francisco, in said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, In the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six,
at the hour of 1 1 o'clock a. m.
Witness my hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty -sixth day of
May, A. D. 1896.
Seal. . [Signed] JOSEPH McKENNA.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
trict.
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District of California,
And "W. J. COSTIG AN Esq., Clerk United States
Circuit Court. .Northern District of California. :
LATUSI SHIPPING JLNTEL.L.IUEN OK.
Movements 'of Trans- Atlantic! Ste»'n»Pl.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 8-Stmr Etruria,
from Liverpool; stmr Maasdam, from Rotterdam;
stmr Georgia, from Stettin.
Sailed Juno 6— Stmr La Bourgogne. for Havre;
stmr Obdam. for Rotterdam; stmr Berlin, for Ant-
werp, via .. Southampton; stmr Stuttgart, for
Bremen: simr Ems, for Genoa; stmr Lucania, for
Liverpool; stmr City of Borne, for Glasgow; stmr
Hekla. for Stettin: atmr Persia, for Hamburg. . ,
BOULOGNE- Arrived out June 4— Stmr Am-
sterdam. ■ ■ •
HAMBURG— Arrived out June' s— Stmrs Cali-
fornia end Prussia. • . .
COPENHAGEN— Arrived out June 6— Stmr
Venetia. : :-.^-: „ 4v»vi>:-:--; ;«*;?
BREMEN— out June 6— Stmr Dresden.
; , Sailed June 6— Stmr Bonn, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 6— Stmr New
York, for New York. -
' HAVRE— Sailed June 6— Stmr La Gascogne, for
New York.
( GLASGOW— SaiIed June s— Simr Norwegian, for
New York. •• . ■,-,-,.■ ■ ..- •-.■.;■ ■ ■ -
LlZARD— Passed June 6— Stmr Kensington, frm
New York for Antwerp: stmr La Bretagne, from
New York for Havre. ;: ..>■•:-•■■ - : .
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— June
6 -"sir Beigenland, frm Liverpool tor Philadelphia.
MAKiUAtiIS LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued by <
the County Clerk's office yesterday: ;
Thomas Bochford and Nellie O'Leary, 28—24.
J. E. Matthews and Eleanor N. Hewitt, 40—28.
, George L. Sevey and Anna A. Jacobson, 28—24.
Louie T. Lenzen and Rose H. Hennessy, 21—20-
Joseph Oman and Mary Leary. 28—32. . '
Alexander Meyer and Paula ZobeL 34—25. ,
Adolph Meyer and Hattle A. Hall, 30— 25.
Marks Ben as and Lena Lanzet, 28—24.
H. S. t\ Adderly and F. Hammond, 36-26.
J. P. Barteline and Dorothea A. Coleman, 26—21.
John Gottachangand AdeleM. Hunacka. 34—23.
UilllllA-— MARRIAGES—
: [Birth, marriage and' death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. ' They must be banded In at ■
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. l '■ '
BORN. >
ABRAMS— In this city, June 2, 1896, to the wife
of Max Abrams, a daughter. ". .■ ■ .
BIRSTBUP— In this city. June 3, 1896, to the
wife of Andrew Bldstrup, a sou.- ;
COFFEY— In this city, May 28, 1896, to the wife
:• of H. E. Coffey, a son. . ;."
GOLDMAN— In this city, June 4, 1896, to the
; . wife of I. Goldman, a son. , :
H ARRIS-In this city. May 22, 1896. to the , wife
, 01 William H. Harris, a daughter. ,i
JONES— this city, June 3, 1896, to the wife of
James S. Jones, a son.
KENTZELL— In this city. June 2, 1896, to the
wife of J. E. Kentzell, a son. , ■
LACOSTE— this city, May 20, 1896, to the
• wife of Bernard Lacoste, a son. : . .' '
MANOENSON— In this city, May 29, 1896, to the
- wife or Frank Mangenson, a daughte
NOLAN— In i Grass .Valley. May 26, 1896, to the
wife of William Nolan, a daughter.
RUDE— In this city. May 27, 1896, 10 the wife of
Charles N. Rude, a son. ' '
SKIT Z— ln Forest, Sierra County, ; Cal., June S,
1896, to the wife of F. W. Seitz, a son.
TRACY— In this city, May 27, 1896, to the wife of
George Tracy, ason. - ■ ■ ■ ■--.
MARRIED.
Bi:ENNAN— RIELL Y— In Ocean View, May 23,
1896. by the Rev. Father Gooper. John V. Bren-
• nan and May E. Rielly, both of San Francisco.
CORBETT— SMITH— In this" city, January 26,
1893, John C. Corbetl and Lizzie J. Smith, both
of Sun Francisco.
HOSTETTER— McMANUS— In this city, May 17,
1896, by the Rev. Father McCue, Augustus G.
Hostetter Jr. and Susan M. McManus, both of
San Francisco. • " ■
LANDRAM— McCORMICK— In this city, May 30,
1896, by the Rev. M. P. Boynton, J. T. Landram
.and Mary a. McCormlck, both of San Francisco.
" DIED. •
Cunningham, R. C. 1 Mennon, Francois
Curran, Mary O'Toole, John
Deary, James ■■ "■.. ■'■'. Pyne, Stanislaus
' Griswold, Matthew Reardon, Alma M.
Gunter. James Roberts, Stephen N.
Hettinger, Charles • Spratt, William
Johnson, Hanson Sullivan, Patrick
Kelton, Violet Sabla, Ferdinand J.
Llntbal, Henry Schmierer, Mrs. A.
Llvermore. Mrs. 8. H. Stalling, Henry
Lynch, Frank Tynan, Rose
McCrudden, Mrs. E. F. Taylor, Susie B.
Madden, John Varozza, Maggie
Wall. Kathleen P.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, June 4, 1896,
Richard C. Cunningham, late of San Bruno, be-
loved father of Robert V., George W. and Alice
I. Cunningham and Mrs. C A. Muller, a native
of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 67 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at. 8:25 o'clock a. 11.. from his late
residence, 306 Grove street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Please omit flowers. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ■
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY. ST. IGNATIUS
; Church— are. requested to attend the funeral
• of our late | brother sodallst, Richard C. Cun-
ningham, from his late residence, 306 Grove
street, as per above notice. By order. -«,
JAMES it. KKLLY, Prefect. .
Chas. A. McAuliff, Secretary.
CURREN— this city, June 6, 1896, Mary, be-
' loved wife of William Curren and daughter' of
William and the late Catherine Feeley and ■ ister
of Annie, William, Cormick, Thomas, James and
Johnnie Feely, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years and 10 mor.ths.
BUT Friends and acquaintances are resneot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMOHROW
(Monday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
d ence of her parents, 1176 Harrison street, bet.
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem hieh mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DEARY— In this city, June 6, 1896, James/be-,
loved son of James and Ann Deary, and brother
of John Deary and Mrs. John McMann, a native
of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
GRISWOLD— In Benton. Mono County, Cal., Mat-
thew Griswold. a native of Ohio, aged 72 years 2
months and 8 days.
GUNTER— In East Oakland, June 4. 1896, James
Gunter, a native of Wales, aged 63 years 9
months and 15 days.
HKTTINGEB— In this city, June 6,1896. Charles,
beloved husband of Annie Margaret Hettinger,
and father of Mrs. Jean Buhlert, Fred. Henry,
Dora and Charley Hettlnger, a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 57 years 8 months and 25 days.
Sri" Friends and acquaintances . are resoect-
\ fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from his late resi-
dence, 616 Fifteenth avenue, between R and S
' streets. South San Francisco. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Lorin, June 6. 1896, Hanson John-
son, a native of Columbus, Ohio, aged 48 years
11 months and 23 days.
KELTON— In this city, June 6, 1896, Violet, be-
loved daughter of David and Nellie Kelton, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 18 days.
LINTHAL— In this city, June 5, 1896, Henry Lin-
thai, a native of Baltimore. Md., aged 62 years.
A^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Godean & Lipman, 326 and 328 Mont-
gomery avenue. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
LIVERMORE- In this city, June 6. 1896. Mrs.
Susan H. Llvermore, mother of J. 11., C. A. and
Grace G. Livennore, a native of Massachusetts,
aped 67 years. -
- d^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock P. M., from St. John's
Church, Fifteenth street, near Valencia street.
Interment private. Masonic Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, June 6, 1896, entered into
rest, Frank, beloved son of Kate and the late
John Lynch, and brother of Katie an 1 the late
Jshn and Aloystus Lynch and Mrs. M. Welsi,
a native of San Francisco. A member of the
Third Order of St. F"jaucls.
BtS-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m,, from the residence
of his mother, 319 1 Lou, pant street, thence to
St. Francis Church, Vallejo street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of b's soul, commencing a: 9:30 o'clock
a.m. Please omit flowers. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McCKUDDEN— In Oakland, June 6, 1896, Mrs. E.
.F. McCrudden, a native of Gold Hill, New, aged
• 22 years and 8 months.
MENNON— In the City and County Hospital, June
6, 1896, Francois Mention, aged 5S years.
MADDEN— In this city, June 4. 1896. John Mad-
den, at native of County . Monaghan. Ireland,
aged 66 years.
jC9~Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at . 1:30 o'clock P. m.. from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COUNTY MONAGHAN SOCIAL AND BENEV-
olent Clvb — Members of the above club are re-
quested to assemble at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, corner Fifth and Jessie streets,
TO-DAY (Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother, John Madden.
T. GAINFORD, President.
J. J. Connolly, Secretary.
O'TOOLE— In this city, June 5, 1896, John, be-
' loved husband of Emma O'Too'.e. and only son
of Colman and Catherine O'Too'e. a native of
Kentucky, aeed 29 years and 11 months.
$3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 4 Prinsle court, off Greenwich street,
between Sansome and Montgomery, thence to
St. Francis Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PYNE— In this city, June 6, 1896, Stanislaus, be-
loved son of Edward and Josephine Pyne, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 months.
REARDON— In this city. June 6, 1898, Alma
Marie. dearly beloved infant daughter of Charles
A. and Emma Reardon, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 months and 15 days.
ft'g- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral : THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the residence
of the parents, 614 y 8 .Minna street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city, June 4, 1896, Stephen
N. Roberts, a native of Dover, N. H., aged
66 years 5 months and 7 days. [Boston and
. . Dover papers please copy.J
A firm and faithful friend in time of need,
Honest and true, In thought and word and deed,
Thy gen'rous heart no base impulses knew.
Farewell beloved one, a fond adieu. W. I. '
UTS-Masonic service* in King Solomon's Hall,
Masonic Temple, THIS DAY (Sunday), at
1:30 o'clock p.m., under the auspices of Cali-
fornia Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M.. to < which all
friends and acquaintances are respectfully in-
vited. -. - .
SAHLA— In this city. June 4, 1896, Ferdinand J.,
husband of the late Catherine S:\hia, and beloved
father of Rosa Sahla, a native of Hungary, aged
'67 years and 13 days. A ' member of Martha
Lodge No. 241, K. and L. of H.
Iff Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS -DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. : from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment 1. O. O. V. Cemetery.
SCHMIKRER— In this city, June 5," 1896, Appe-
lonia, beloved wife of Gottlieb Schmlerer, a
native of Bayern, Rhelnpfalz, Germany, aged 68
years 8 months and 6 days.
SPRATT— In this : city, - June 3. 1898, William
- Ppratt, a native of Liverpool/England," aged 55
-years. ■ ■-■ - < ' . . :. ■ - ■-: : ■ :' '•: ■ " •
: B3" Friends and acquaintances and members of
the San Francisco Sbip-calkers' Association are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral THIS
DAY (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
| lors of Craig ,& - Cocnran Co., 22 - and 24 Mint
. avenue, without further notice. -
STALLING— In this city,', June 3, 1896. Henry
; ' Stalling, a native of Oldenburg, Germany, aged
41 years and 2 months. ■' : • .
US* Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
•i (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from Red Men's
nail, 510 Bush street, where services will be
held under the auspices of Eureka Lodge No. 6,
0. d. H. S. Remains at the parlors of Gantner
<fc Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment.
1. O. O. F. Cemetery. , ,
O. d. H. &— The officers and 1 members of the
Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. 8., are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral of our late
> brother. Henry Stalling of Seattle Lodge No. 2,
1 THIS DAY (Sunday), from oar hall, 610
■ Bush St., at 2 p. m.~: By order of
. . Wm. Behkeb, Sec. .. . , F. REIMERS, Pres.
SULLIVAN— In Oakland, June 5, 1896, Patrick,
beloved husband, of Nora A. Sullivan, fattier of
Mrs. James Smith and the late Frank J. Sul-
livan, a native or Ireland, aged 68 years. ■
AST Friends and acquaintance 1 are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Sunday) at 11 O'clock a.m., from bis late resi-
dence, 853 Twenty-second street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery, San Francisco, on the
arrival of 12 o'clock m. creek boat. ■ : : '
TAYLOR— In Alameda, June 6, 1896. Susie Bell,
beloved wife of , Ed K. Taylor, a native of Cali-
j fornia, aged 33 years 4 months and 21 days.
Friends and acquaintances are 'respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), June 8. from her late residence, 1376
Regent street.' Interment private. Mountain
View Cemetery. . . .. -, ,■ . •••... ■"■'. >
TYNAN— In this city, June 6, 1896, Rose, beloved
wife of the late Thomas : Tynan, mother of , Mrs.
J. A. Foley, and sister of Mrs. . Charles Veitch
and Patrick Jailers of Bodle, Mono County, Cal.,
a native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 60
years.
JtarFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a.v., from her late
residence, 508 Vi Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Cnurch, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
VAROZZA-In the City and County Hospital,
June 6, 1898, Maggie Varozza, aged 15 yean.
WALL— In this city, June 5, 1896, Kathleen Pris-
cilla, beloved daughter of John A. and Alice M.
M. Wall, a native of san Francisco, aged 1 year
and 4 months.
49~Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 a:tend the funeral THIS L)AY
t Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from ihe Holy
Innocents' Chapel, Fair Oaks street, near
Twenty-si.ith
MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, j
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAI.MKES,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
Jas. MgMskomet. Chas. MiMknomky.
JAMES »IcMENOME\' & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMKRB,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
• Telephone No. 3354.
JA& ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS, .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS, j
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone so. 156. .■
CALIFORNIA CYCLE CLUBS.
Nine of Them Meet in the
Rooms of the Alameda
Cyclers.
Resolution Affecting Status of Clubs
for Breaches Adopted— Radical
Measures.
ALAMEDA. Cal., June 6.— The Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs met this
evening at the clubrooms of the Alameda
Cyclers, at which the Reliance, Olympic,
Acme, Bay City, Alameda, Californians,
Diamond, Santa Rosa and Pathfinders'
clubs were represented.
The invitation of Grand Marshal Umb
sen to take part in the parade on the
Fourth of July in San Francisco was
placed on hie.
The chairman declared the balance on
hand amounted to $234.
The Mountain View Cyclers were elected
to membership in the association with
forty -four members.
The. Olympic Club Wheelmen entered a
resolution affecting the status of clubs
willfully and illegally entering riders in
races held under the auspices of the asso
ciation and altering the day of the annual
relay race to Washington's birthday and
the 25-mile race to another date.
It was decided that it was the sense of
the association that no entries for the
Baker-Hamilton trophy be received from
any man who was formerly classed in class
B. The reason of this was the League of
American Wheelmen recognized no such
classes as A and B. This means that the
entries will be received from amateurs
only.
The roaa-racing committee was given
full power to take such action as was nec
essary to prevent loafing in any point in
the race.
Mr. Welch spoke of the necessity of the
racing track on Market street, San Fran
cisco, being kept up by some mutual ar
rangement between the San Francisco
clubs and the cycling board of trade.
It was resolved that the annual picnic
run of the association be held Sunday,
July 19, at or near San Mateo, each club
furnishine its own provisions.
The association adjourned to meet in
the Reliance Clubrooms, Oakland, two
months from to-night.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E 8 Churchill, Napa V O Oppenheimer, P»
Mrs D Child, Pa E W Baird <fe w, Pa
Miss Baird, Pa Wm Knabe, Md
P L Macomber, Sonora J Schenck, Utah
E C Voorhles, Cal W C Mellon, Pa
R Douglass &w, Term LM Kitterland, Chicago
L W Bllm, La W H Christie, Mexico
J Welsman, Mexico E X stark, Or
F E Towns, 111 E J Earl & w, Sacto
J N Burk. San Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W W Allen, Alaska F A Mitchell. Alaska
H Wolff, Bouldin E X Goodwin, Chicago 1
R Storms, Chicago E P Morrow, t'hicago
C H Sheafs, Chicago J R Straight, Kuffalo
C Stuart, Buffalo W H Waltnam, Buffalo
J Angell &w, Los Ang 'R R Ullinch.i-u, L Ang
C B Wright, R I JH Burbanks, Boston
H X Cooper, Or DA Coover, Or
J Adams, Los Ang C James, Los Ang
J Miller, Buffalo W Parsons, N V
J Crawford, Buffalo J Hess, U S N
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J R Neylor, Oakland F O Cormack, St Louts
F A Lawors & w, Sta Rs S DeContevill, Los Ang
V L Burnett. Detroit S Wile, Cincinnati
J Dooley, NY E E Bain, Chicaeo
B Herbst, Chicago J F Loe, Philadelphia
C R Hadley & w, Chicag J Hi Baker <fe w, Chicago
M W Willis, Seattle W D Davis, Alameda
P E Gordon, Chicago J P Jladen As, Vallejo
E S Carpenter, San Rafl Dr E G Case. Uklah
W O Thompson, Napa S Migllavacca, Napa
J E Cate, Chicago H Lucnman, San Jose
Mrs Cobbe, N V !• Robinson, Seattle
H Smith, Fresno F Barns, Fresno
H J Cotton, Florida T S Morton, El Paso
C B Morris, Dallas
BUSS HOUSE.
X L Fevel <fc w.Portland O E Nash Br, Redding
O E Nash Jr, Redding F 8 HanUer, Weaverville
Z F Vaughn. Lakeport W H Grisby, Cal '
urG VV Newaon, Sacio M Nuzler. Placervule
Miss H Ayers, Placerv'le J B overtoil, Nevada
M Juclcson, New Orleans Judge Wahlpr. Hskiyou
W C Sammons, Portland Mrs E Squires, San Jose
Mrs H <; squires, S Jose Mrs C H Williams, Cal
J W So?ds, Alviso J A Norris. Watsonville
Mrs J Standley, San Jose J Alton, Anderson
A B Kansotn. Chicago J A Gill, Sacto
W F Boashi, Stockton Mrs E T Xoyes, Cal
E B Willis, Sacto Mrs J GunuUe, Bu£t«
E Dunn, Walnut Grove H Sages. Sacto
D H Duncansen, Jackson a Priceley, Trinity Co
F J Smith, New York C H Hoag, Santa Kosa
J P Rolls, Han Kafael S M Salisbury, Tacoma
W S Baker, Woodland J J Chesholm, Tuscon
C Miller, Washington MlssM Mann, Cal
H P McClave, Petaluma Mrs v W Mapes. Reno
Misa Mapes, Reno N Sexten, Gold Hill
GRAND HOTEL,
Mrs L Royce, N V Mrs McKenzie, Renicla
D Brown, Petaluma B M Lelong, Sacto
C Cam pa, Cal T E Curup.'Los Angeles
Miss L Cump, L Angeles G A Jacobs & f, Fulton
Miss M Bryan, Marsnali Mrs H McKay, Napa
Mrs E Owens, Sacto R A Atkins, Eureka
D O Hatch, Eureka J A Falrcliild.L Angeles
L F Graves, Santa Cruz BFI hase, Santa Cruz
Mrs S H Donglass, N V Mrs F 6 Steele, Srcio
Mrs F S Pealy, Ohio R F Pennell, Chlco
T J Hall <fe w, Grid Hey B M Oaitley, Santa Crui
Miss Oakley, Santa Cruz F Oakley, Santa ( ruz
A M Lewis, Wash MlssUHoffman.Vermont
E T Bartlett, Mass Mrs A Westrup.Kenwood
Miss A Col well. Ken wood G H Thomas, Detroit
P Burnle, Berkeley V J La Motle.Glen Ellen
MfssUDl.aMotle.Berkely BMWooahull&w.Stockt
B M Benharo, L Angeles W R Martin, San Rafael
MrsCHßonnell.Paio Alto Miss 0 Bonnell.PaloAHo
J X Bonnell, Palo Alto G F Wt-eks, Bakersfleld
\V H Husband, Kelsey Mrs Husband, Kelsey
C W Scott, Kelsey W A Chapman, Cal
WH Parks Jr.Marysvllle J G Miller, Sacto
G W Curran, St Louis DrJWHayes Aw.GVally
Dr W J Taylor, sacto L M Cheshire, San Jose
Mrs Browning, San Jose F Barnes, San Jos«
C H Knapp, Hollister G Wagner <fe w.Stockton
F Phillips & w, S Mateo
Embryo Engineers.
The following is the list of graduates from
Vander Naillen's School of Kngineering for '96:
Electrical department— H. Seebach, San Jose;
R. C. McLean, Honolulu; John Bradley, Ukiah ;
C. A. Neate, Red Bluff; J. N. Gilbert, City of
Mexico; E. Blanckeuburg, City; Joseph Es
colle, Monterey; C. F. Schmidt, Oakland; R.
Brigg3, San Jose.
Mining engineering— W. Stierling, Victoria,
B. C. ; J. Johnson, Sonora, Cal.; John Hopper,
Oakland; L. Smith, Spokane: E. G. Loveriage,
Weavervilie; A. Ervast, San Mateo; H. W. H.
Fenniman, San Andreas, Cal.; C. W. Terry,
Fresno.
Surveyors— Harry V. Moffatt, City; J. &
Prell, Santa Barbara; H. Arkell, City; D. C.
Farnham, Qermantown; D. A. Jones, San
Jose; G. Vides, San Salvador; Charles Slade,
Greenville, Ohio; J. J. Tuttle, Fort Jones, Cal.
Mechanical engineering —J. W. Etienne,
City; A. R. Talamantes, Compton, Cal.; G. H.
Btockbridge, Los Angeles; D. Gonzales, Salva
dor; C. Krasilnikoff, Siberia.
Architecture— George L. Drullard, Stockton;
F. Stein, Seattle; G. Fee, Honolulu.
Assaying— Thomas W. Hanmore, Alaska; F.
Corner, Bay City, Or.; W. R. Thomas, Grass
Valley; P. Lamar, City; J. Pott, Phcenix, Ariz.;
D. Curran, Tombstone, Ariz. ; James Rennie,
St. Helena; J. W. Yonng, City; L. C. Dv Bois,
Delmar, Nev.; A. G. Keiller, Aniador City; J.
C. Diamond, Angels Camp; A. Elffner, Juneau,
Alaska; George Mudd, Colusa; C. M. Kneiston,
Stockton.
TWO RICHMON'S AFIELD
The Geary-Street Railway Ques
tion Divides the District
Clubs.
A Big Meeting of the Point Lobos
Improvem-nt Club Will Be
Held Tuesday.
Heretofore Richmond district has been
united in the spirit of improvement, and
working in unity the people of that local
ity have been the most progressive in the
City. But the question of the Geary-street
railroad franchise has brought about s
division.
The Richmond Property-owners' Pro
tective Association is inclined to favor the
extension of the railroad franchise, which
expires in seven years, while the Point
Lobos Improvement Club is dead set
aeainst the proposition. Attorney diaries
Hubbs of the association holds that inas
much as the Geary-street line is in a
measure a local concern the Richmond
people should be the last to refuse them
their fifty years' franchise.
"The Geary-street line has alwaya done
the fair thing by us," said Mr. Hubbs yes
terday. "The carhouse is in the district,
and that will always insure late trips from
the water front west. And besides this
most all of the employes of the line live in
the district. The company desires, I un
derstand, to change the cable for the trol
ley, and do not feel safe in incurring that
extra expense with the franchise soon to
expire."
President George F. Fletcher of the
Point Lobos Improvement Club diPers
with his neighbor, and bo there are two
Richmond? in the field.
"We *re opposed to any tinkering with
that franchise first and all the time," said
he. "Why is the Geary-street railway tak
ing time by the forelock and looking so
closely after future privileges? There is
somebody in the woodpile. Richmond is
fast building up, and the addition of a
resident to the locality tapped by that line
means not less than $3 a month added to
the receipts of the company, and if that
resident has a family it means as many
more nickels ponred into the already fat
railroad sack, it also means that the
franchise is all the time getting more yal
uable and the net earnings of that corpo
ration are swelling larger and larger.
"When the time comes for the renewal
of that franchise seven years hence the
people of Ban Francisco may feel that the
privilege of operating a railway Into Rich
mond may be worth something and der
mand a little rent for the nse of one of the
principal streets.
"The Point Lobos Improvement Club
will have a big meeting at Crosthwaite's
Hail, on Fifth avenue, near Point Lobos
road, next Tuesday evening, when this
question will be discussed in full. I have
procured a lot of street railroad statistics,
which I w ill give to the club, proving that
in all the places where the lines have been
forced to put on a 2\i and 3-cent fare the
companies have made more money in
stead of going into bankruptcy.
"Look at this instance: In Berlin the
streetcar lines came down to a yearly com
mutation system and gave the passenger
the privilege of riding over the city as
many times each day of the 365 as he
wished and charged him just $4 50. At
the end of the Lrst year the company de
clared a dividend to its stockholders of 41
per cent.
"All the way through these reports you
can find the same favorable condition of
affairs where fares have come down. The
railroad companies are not fearful of
losing money by a change, for their man
agers are astute enough to know that
three persons would ride then where only
one gets on the cars now.
"They would simply have to build more
car? and employ more men, and they
don't want to do either. With tbeir mil
lions of dollars of yearly net earuings they
are doing well enoueh, and they are.will
ing to let well enough alone.
"But the time has come to lower the
fares in San Francisco. Other cities have
done so and we will do it also. Some of the
improvement clubs are afraid if the rail
roads are crowded, away will go the trans
fers. Well, are they not going nowf The
Geary-street line used to transfer north
and south as well as east at the Market
street terminus. Now it only transfers to
the ferry. The time is coming when a
transfer ticket will be a thing of the past.
"Other things which Richmond must
have are hydrants and firealarm boxes.
A new fire engine is well enough, but we
want the other two articles right away,
and if we get them we will await in
patience the machine.''
GAVE HIMSELF A LEAVE
How Lieutenant - Commander
Sturdy of the Olympia Got
a Court-Martial.
While Captain Pro Tern, of the Vessel
He Gave Himself Four Days'
Shore Liberty.
Among the passengers of the Pern,
which arrived from the Orient Thursday,
was Lieutenant-Commander Sturdy, U. S.
N., of tha Olympia, now in China waters.
The officer went out as executive officer of .
the cruiser, and came back without his
ship and the sentence of a court-martial
over his head.
While lying in the harbor last April
Captain Read of the Olympia was taken
sick and went ashore, the command of
the vessel in his absence falling on Sturdy,
the next ranking officer. The captain pro
tern., feeling the need of a little • shore .
recreation during his arduous duties as .
commander of a great warship, gave him
self four days' leave of absence and harried
away to Shanghai.
The lieutenant-commander must have
enjoyed himself in a ! manner somewhat
out of the ordinary among the jolly Eng- '
lish clubs ashore, as Admiral McNair,
commanding the United States naval
force in Asiatic waters, had his gun«
shotted and the decks cleared for action.
He prepared a little court-martial for the
Olympia's executive and charged him
with having been absent without leave.
Sturdy pleaded that as he was at the
time commander of the ship, and one of
her company, he could command himself,
and did so by commanding himself to go
ashore for four days.
The exquisite. logic of the commander
pro tern, didn't strike the Admiral in all its
beauty and the court-martial went on. ■
The officers of the court were evidently
of the opinion that executives of a war
vessel are not supreme on board even if
the captain is sick, and also that English
clubs are not good places for American
sailors, for they found the accused guilty.
He was sentenced to two years' suspension
from duty and is set back ten numbers on
' the list of lieutenant-commanders.
This means that unless a war or epi
demic gets in among the naval officers he '
will be about five years slower getting to
be a real captain, when he can order him
self ashore at will.
'Sturdy considers his sentence excessive
and will My his case before the Navy De- '
partment in "Washington, asking for less '
severity on the part ot the reviewing
authorities. ,
* • »
-Perhaps of all the dandies of his day
Lord Petersham carried the fashion of
anufftaking to the greatest excess. His
room was fitted wit numerous shelves, on
which were canisters of the finest snuff,
and he had all the apparatus for moisten*
ing and mixing. • .-HER MAIDS OF
HONOR CHOSEN.
Miss Barney Names Her
Court for the Monterey
Celebration.
VETERANS' DAUGHTERS.
All Children or Grandchildren
of Men Who Made
History.
COUNTIES PREPARE STONES.
Survivors of the Old Ship? Savannah
and Levant Wi 1 Bj in
Lins.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Gal:,,)
908 Broadway, June 6. )
Miss Marian Stevenson Barney of Ver
non Heights, who has been chosen to
represent the State of California at the
Monterey celebration of the occupancy of
California by the American-, announced
her maids of honor to-day, She has chosen
her court attendants from daughters or
granddaughters of veterans of the Mexi
can War and of officers of the United
States navy and army to lepresent those
branches of the service.
Those selected are the following:
Miss Alice Stewart, daughter of Colonel
Joseph Stewart, U. 8, A., retired, of Berkeley.
Miss race Amerman, granddaughter of the i
laic Commodore Bloat, of Oakland.
Miss Daisy D. Wright, daughter of Jonathan
P. Wright of Pacific Grove. (He served under
Fremont, and she was born in the old Custom
houße. and under the American Hag at Mon- :
i ■-<■>"•)
Mis- Constance Lawrence, daughter of Hon.
J.H.Lawrence of San Francisco, who served
under General Franklin Tierce. i^ - ) -» -i -t-.t
Misses Lange, daughter of C. Lange, ex-ser
geant of ordnance of the Presidio, retired.
Miss Dtcie May Graves, granddaughter of
William I. Graves of San Luis Obispo.
There are a considerable number more
to be chosen who can attend the celebra
tion at Monterey, and those whose fathers
and grandfathers served in the Mexican
War, by whose valor California was ac
quired, without regard to rank, are to be
selected by her, she herself beins the great
granddaughter of the late Colonel Jona
than DraKe Stevenson, who commanded
the First New York Regiment of Volun
teers in California in 1847 until the close of
the Mexican War, and who was so well
known to all Caiifornians.
It is a singular fact that the late Commo
dore John Drake Sloat and Colonel Jona
than Drake Stevenson were relat-d and
descended from the father of the Brit is ■■
admiral. Sir Francis Drake, who discov
ered Drake's Bay, above San Francisco i
Bay, which is named after him, on the j
coast of California.
At the centennial celebration of Ameri
can independence on July 4, 1876, the de- j
scendants of the signers of the Declaration
of Independence were chosen to take part. ;
General Richard Henry Lee, a grandson,
read the declaration, Hon. William M.
Kvarts, grandson of .Roger Sherman, de- I
livered the oration, and as far as practi
cable that rule was carried out. So with
the semi-centennial celebration at Mon
terey the same line will be followed by the
committee of arrangements of the Associa
ted Veterans of the Mexican War who have I
it in charge. The proclamation of Com
modore Bloat will be read by his oldest !
grandson, ■ Lieutenant J. B. Whitteraore, j
of the Loyal Legion, or by John Drake i
t-loat, the youngest grandson. Ex -Mid- !
shipman William P. Toler, who actually j
hoisted the flas at Monterey on July 7,
1846, will be there (if well) in person, with
the survivors of the crews of the flagship
Savannah, Cyane and Levant, who will be
present, and with the aid of the crews of
the Pacific squadron, under Admiral L." A. '
Beardslee, repeat the ceremony, accom
panied by salutes from the vessels of war
and- the Batteries on shore.
"Every individual who was present at
that time and witnessed it," said Major
Sherman, chairman of the committee of
arrangements to-day, "who may be pres
ent on that occasion will be assigned to
his proper place, either with the Veterans
of the Mexican WaT or with the Pioneers
of California, as the case may be, and
when the programme is fully prepared and
nrranged as to lime and ulace it will be
rigidly adhered to with military precision
without interruption or a break from the
beginning to the conclnsion. The oration
and addresses upon that occasion will be
rendered especially brief for want of time
and disposition of the people not to swal
low too much wind when the breeze is
blowing. What is not said may be printed
like the speeches of members in Congress,
which are either circulated in pamphlets,
to be found in the Congressional Record
or in the daily press. Of this all who are
to participate and are present will take
due notice and govern themselves accord
ingly."
All the counties in the State are taking
part in the celebration by sending a
dressed stone to oe used in the rnonnment.
The following letter from Ban Luis Obispo
County was received to-day
Major Sherman— Dear Sir: I have to report
to you that at a regular meeting of the Boara
of Supervisors of this county, held June 3,
1896, the stone for the base of the bloat monu
ment donated by Dr. George B. Kicholls was
formally accepted and an order made for dress
ing and lettering the same. At the same time,
Miss Dlcie May Graves, daughter of Ernest
Graves and granddaughter of William J.
Graves, a veteran of the Mexican War, and
great-granddaughter of Jesus Jose Pico of
Fremont fame, was selected to represent this
county at the celebration of the 7th of July.
I will endeavor to secure and send you her
photograph. Kindly give me some idea of the
size of the banner to Be carried by the young
lady, whom she should report to, etc. Re
spectfully, John Wiuchek, County Clerk.
YOUNG MEN AT WORK.
Republican League Which Will Take
Active Part in the Cam
paign.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 6. -The Young
Men's Republican League now has about
300 enrolled members, all under 35 years
of age. J. W. Stetson is president and
W. D. Powers secretary. At a meeting
last eveoing it was decided to have an ex
ecutive committee consisting of twenty
six members, including two from each
ward in Oakland, four from Alameda, two
from Brooklyn Township outside, two
from Oakland Township outside, and one
each from Eden, Murray and Washington
townships and the president of the league,
the committee to elect its president from
its own members.
The committee as far as named consists
of tb following:
First Ward— C. E. Hall and W. F. Henning.
Second Ward— A. H. Breed and A. L. Will-
Third Wara— H. Pulsifer and J. J. Palmer.
Fourth Ward— R. T. Stratton and O. J.
b Wara— C. E. Crowell and F. M. Parcells.
Sixth Ward— Frank Barrett,
seventh Ward-F. W. Belger.
outside districts— Waiter Woolsey, Dudley
Kinsell, J. Cal Ewing, Gus Bray.
I)r. Duud Returns.
OiKLAND, Cal., June 6.— Dr. R. K.
Dunn of this city has retnrned from
A'askaand is now confined at his home
and no one is allowed to see him. It is
said he is suffering from a severe fever,
but that within a few days he will be able
to be out.
Dr. Dunn left about two months ago for
the gold fields, con tident that he ad a
fortune in sight, and his mary friends are
surprised at his sudden return thus early
in the year. Recent reports from Alaska
told of his pushing to the frontier wiih a
party of prospectors.
GET THERE, ELI.
I)jni«on Flank* tbe Opposition by Slid-
denly Going Kagt to Conduct
His Contest.
OAKLAND, Cat... June 6.— Eli S. Den
ison and bis brother Harry left this morn
ing for St. Louis, much to the surprise of
the primary Republicans when it became
known. He will arrive there next Tues
day evening and be ready to go before the
National Republican Committee when it
meets Wednesday noon to make up
the temporary roll for the convention
which assembles in that city one week
later. He kept his going and time of de
parture very quiet, and by this move will
have a full week the better of those who
go with the State delegation.
While he will be in St. 'Louis ahead of
the delegate whom he goes to unseat.he will
find that the delegate who was chosen at
Sacramento by the primary delegates,
after they had been seated by the State
Convention, has not been asleep since that
date. It is well known among those ac
quainted with the history of the case that
tlie whole history of the Alameda County
situation has been put into the possession
of some of the strongest men who will at
tend the convention, and that they have
signified their intention to fight for the
rights of tbe primary-selected delegate.
Hundreds of letters have been sent from
this county by people who have Eastern
friends that will either be at St. Louis or
who have friends going, urging tnem to
do all in their power to defeat Denison and
Hochheimer in their contest for the seats
of the primary-elected delegates.
CONFERRING TOGETHER
Slimmer Conference of the Pacific Coast
Vomit Woineu'a Christian Asso
ciation.
MILLS COLLEGE, Cal., June 6.— The
i summer conference of the Pacific Coast
! Young Women's Christian Association
I opened last evening with a fair enrollment,
; and many others have arrived to-day.
I The object of the gathering is entirely
1 different from a convention, as it is only
I to enable members to confer with one
! another regarding work done and the
formation of plans for future work.
The daily programme will be as follows:
At 6:30 a. m., conference upon Young
Women's Christian Association work, con
ducted l>y Miss Ella de Voc. general secretary
J of Seattle" and formerly oi Pittsburg; at 9:30
o'clock, conierence on college work, conducted
! by Mrs. J. N. Beard of Napa College; at 10:30
o'clock, inductive Bible study, conducted by
1 Rev. E. 8. Chapman, P.P., of Oaklaud; at
1 1 :30 o'clock, conference on missionary work,
' conducted by Dr. Alice Fish of San Rafael.
Every evening at ti :30 o'clock vesper services
will be held on Sunset Hill: at 7:30 o'clock
i meetings will be held and addresses made by
' various invited guests.
This evening G. S. Eddy of Yale, secre
tary of the Students' Volunteer Move
ment fcr Foreign Missions, addressed the
I delegates on that particular work, explain
, ing it in detail.
The services to-morrow (Sunday) will
. be conducted by Dr. H. >'. Hoyt ot Sacra
: ineiito, who will preach both morning and
| evening. Monday evening Mrs. Mout-
I gomery of Beulah will conduct vespers,
! and no later exercises will be held. Dr.
Dille of San Francisco will speak Tuesday
evening. Dr. J. Hallock of Tacoma
■ Wednesday, Mrs. J. Norvell, a missionary
; recently returned from China, Thursday,
and Dr. E. HcCliah of Napa Friday
1 The services Saturday will be general in
character, while on Sunday liny. E. fc>.
Cuapruau, D.D., will preach twice.
At the Macttonoiigh.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 6.— The largest
and most distinguished audience ever as
sembled at the Macdonough will be at
i traded by the Rehan-Daly combination
1 next Tuesday evening, presenting "School
i for Scandal." All of Oakland society will
| be out and larjre parties from Alameda
and Berkeley will attend.
DISSATISFIED DEMOCRATS
Robert Fitzgerald Outlines His
Reasons for Making a
Contest.
Chairman Laymance Says That There
Is Not Ground for Complaint
in Alameia.
Oakland Office Saw Fbascisco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 6. I
There will be an aftermath to yesterday's
Democratic primaries at the State con
vention.
R. M. Fitzgerald is not satisfied that all
was fair, and when asked what he thought
of the result to-day he said :
I will probably contest the election in
Alameda, as I do not consider it strictly fair.
There was only one polling place, although in
the committee's call that had been issued
there were supposed to be two polling places
in order to give all a chance to vote. There
were only 275 votes polled yesterday in Ala
rneda, while in the election of Governor Budd
500 votes were polled. The reason of the
small vote is clear to mie. The polling-blace
was two miles away from a large number of
the voters. They would neither walk four
miles for registration or voting and the result
is a laree number did not cast a ballot.
The fact that there would be two polling
places had been published in the call of the
committee and fully agreed upon; then the
committee met quietly one evening and
changed its plan to there would be only one
pollrng-place. The result was that many did
not vote at all, other votes were challenged on
the ground that their names were not properly
enrolled and the votes cast out. I shall prob
ably bring the matter before the State Conven
tion. I may aluo contest the election in West
Berkeley if the reports I have beard are con
firmed. According to reports, men went to
the polls and voted again and again.
However, I do not know that these reports
are true. As for the cnarge of stuffing the
Third Ward, 1 renllv cannot understand what
was the matter with the election there. A
I number of my friends, residents of the ward,
! when they went to the polls found their names
j had already been voted upon. As for W. W.
Foote's vote being refused, that was a little
mistake and has been explained by the elec
tion clerk, hacli man was checked off, and in
this case the check mark of the name below
Mr. Foote's ran up on to the space where his
name was, and at first glance the clerk, who
did not know trie geutlcman, thought the
name had been voted."
M. J. Laymance, the winner in yester
day's contest, said:
All I know of the matter is that w« have
done just what we t-ald we would do and have
held fair and squnre primaries as far as our
side is concerned. Let them tnlk all they want
to, but we can stand with a clear conscie cc in
the knowledge that our efforts have been for
the Interest of the party and for good, honest
primaries.
With regard to a possible Alameda contest I
have nothing to say, and I am perfectly satis
fied to let matters stand us they are. lam not
at all inclined to crow, but I fully appreciate
the fact tliat we nchieved a glorious victory.
As regards the complaint Mr. Fitzgerald
makes regarding Alameda he knows very well
that the committee over there ordered the
primaries conducted at one polling-place. An
attempt was made by the opposition to split
up the places for casting the votes; this was
illegal as the committee passed on the ques
tion.
F. J. Moffit in speaking to-day of the
Third Ward matter said:
There will be ft contest for the seat cluiraed
by McDonald. Gross fraud was perpetrated.
As an illustration, they voted Mr. Foote's
name aud also Mr. Sinclair's of the Produce
Company.
Many of the best English jockeys earn
over £100 a week.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
Marshal Giesenhofer of San Leandro in the Uniform He Will Require If an Ordi
nance Be Passed Prohibiting Bees 1 mm Trespassing.
[Sketched Jrovi his own description.]
MAY BE ORDERED
TO ARREST BEES,
Novel Legislation Under
Consideration at San
Leandro.
THE MARSHAL'S DOUBT.
He Views With Horror the
Latest Probable Additions
to His Labors.
NEW UNIFORM IS NECESSARY.
A S mple Question That Has Been
Brought Before the Town
Trustees.
SAN LEANDRO, Cal., June 6.— The
Town Trustees are wrestling with a new
problem. Now, that the way has been
fctraightened out for the issuing of bonds
for a municipal electric light system, the
attention of the city fathers has been di
rected toward the misdoings of bees.
San Leandro is in the midst of the great
flower and fruit gardens of Alameda
County, and the many delicate blooms
are the prowling grounds of thousands of
stray bees. The recent increase tb the
number of bee-keepers is alarming, and
formal complaints have been lodged with
the Trustees about the damage caused by
bees when sucking honey from their berry
grounds. •
Trustee Eber brought the matter up at
the last meeting of the Trustees, and it
was taken under advisement. A struggle
is now being made with an ordinance that
shall restrain the bees from being guilty of
vagrancy.
The roaming tendency of bees being so
well known the Town Attorney is experi
encing considerable difficulty in framing
rules that the beea can be made to respect.
The suggestion that any one who finds
stray bees on his premises shall be at lib
erty to destroy them is not likely to be
, acted upon as the task of chasing bees is
not regarded with favor.
David Ury suggested that Marshal Geis
enhoffer be instructed to watch the bees,
but his idea was not received with favor.
Mr. Ury did not see that there was any
thing unusual in his plan, but when it
was suggested that the Marshal could not
TWO RELICS OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN
OAKLAND, CAL., June 6.— County Clerk Jordan made an addition to the
furnishing* of his office to-day that aroused great Interest. While looking through
his father's Bible he discovered two silk badges that had been hidden away
for more than a quarter of a century. One was the badge used during Mr.
Lincoln's campaign for the Presidency. The other was that worn when the
Nation mourned his cruel death. County Clerk Jordan has bad them placed in
one frame, which is placed over his desk.
be expected to know the home of every
bee he might meet the resolution to in
struct him was withdrawn.
"It is a very diflicuit matter to deal
with," sai<i the Marshal to-day. "Bees
are bees and they will go for their honey
where they can find it. It will not do
much good to pass an ordinance ordering
them to patronize a wheat field, because
they will not do it. It will also be of no
use ordering their owners to prevent them
from leaving the hive, because that would
be cruelty to animals. Neither will it do
any pood to declare it a nuiaan.ee to keep
bees within the city limits, because bees
have wings and cannot be expected to
know when they enter the forbidden
territory.
"The" subject, seemingly a small one, is
really of great importance. Tne number
of bee-keepers is increasing, and there is
no doubt thai a swarm of bees can do an
immense amount of harm when they sys
tematically visit a raspberry brake or a
strawberry patch. There ought to be
some war of keeping the bees out of
mischief, but it is not an easy matter to
handle. T'.ie suggestion that I watch the
bees is out of tlie question, for it would be
'an impossibility. I suppose I should have
to wear a bee-hunting uniform. It would
have to be stingproof, and I should need a
wire helmet and gauntlets and a bigscoop
net with which to catch the bees.
"Then it would be necessary to register
tbe bee-owners, and each one would have
to leave a sample of his particular brand
of honey-maker with me so that I could
identify the vagrant?. Even after 1 had
done this it wuuki be difficultto prove that
the particular bee tinder arrest had been
.uilty of suckintr bfotfma outside his own
territory. I don't think there will be a
bee ordinance for a while yet. Personally
lam not partial to bees."
Much difference of opinion exists as to
whether bees can be declared nuisances
and ordered outside of certain limits.
There are many points to be considered
before San Leandro's Trustees pass a bee
prohibition ordinance.
SCHOOL ELECTIONS.
Trustee* Chosen Throughout the
County Yesterday.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 6.— The annual
elections for School Trustees were held
throughout the county yesterday, and, as
far as the results are known, are as follows:
Piedmont— M. L. Gray.
Golden Gate-B. K. Said.
Teiueseal— William Jones.
Feralta— George Colby.
Green— Mr. Collins.
Livermore— George Beck.
Niles— William Snyder.
Mission San Jose— lsaac Whitfield.
Haywards— J. E. Croops.
Fruitvale— Robert Bain.
Melrost— W, L. AxtelL
Lock wood — Charles Silver, long term;
William Lindermrxii, short term.
Rosedale— George Bolton and Morris Geary
tied.
Olinda— J. Pease and M. Montaso tied.
WENT INTO HYSTERICS.
The Result of Misting the Last Boat by
a Girl.
OAKLAND, Cal., Juno 6.— As a result
of missing the last train to Kan Francisco
Blanche Dowes, a domestic in the employ
of Captain Eilis at 114 McAllister street,
went into hysterics and had to be treated
a 1 the Receiving Hospital this morning.
She had been spending the evening with
friends aud stayed so late that when she
fonnd the last train had gone she went
into nervous hysterics.
AFTER HIS WIFE.
A San FrancUco Barber Create* Con-
siderable Excitement in a
Store.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jane 6.— Abraham
Bergholtz, a San Francisco barber, made
things lively aboat a local store this
morning in an attempt to 6ee his uife
who worked there but who refused to see
him. The couple have not been living to
gether, she having left him some time
ago because of his cruelty. It is charged
that he baa threatened her life, and even
exhibited a razor in his rage, but it was
taken from him 1 before he coula do any
harm.
When he made his appearance this
morning in the store his write went to the
basement and the proprietor met the mam
and refused his request to see his wife.
Bergholtz left the store, but jnmped down
the elevator shaft on the sidewalk and be
gan a search for the woman. When she
saw him she startled the whole establish
ment with her shrieks of fear as she ran
upstairs. Bergholtz was arrested and later
turned over to Detective Holland and a
charge of disturbing the peace set against
his name.
AMERICAN VOLUNTEERS.
Ballington Booth Urigade May Open in
Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 6.— There will
be a meeting at the Asbury Methodist
Church South Tuesday evening, when the
aims and purposes of Ballington Booth's
new American Volunteers organization
will be fully discussed and the matter of
establishing a local branch will be con
sidered*
Up to this time the Salvation Army
workers here have considered themselves
too deeply entrenched for the new branch
to get established here, but now it is nearly
certain that the new organization will
enter the field and divide the work with
the older army.
Junior Kndeavorers.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 6.— The annual
convention of the Alameda County Junior
Christian Endeavor Union was held last
evening at the Union-street Presbyterian
Church. Tbe attendance was the largest
ever had, there being nearly STK) members
of local societies present. The officers
chosen for the ensuing year are: Presi
dent. Miss Leo Lunda, First Congrega
tional Church; vice-president, Will Mc-
Cutcheon, First Methodist; secretary,
Eugene O'Connell, First Methodist ; treas
urer, Miss Agnes Lynas, First Presby
terian.
GATES, BUT NO FARES.
City Trustee Hammond Inter
views J. A Fillmore on
the Proposition.
City Attorney Taylor Loses His Wife
by Blcod Poisoning— Laundry
Farm Picnic.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 6.— The ques
tion of gates on the local trains and fares
being charged can now be taken as being
definitely settle.!.
City Trustee William Hammond, chair
man of the Street Committee, determined
that some authoritative settlement of the
question should be mad 6 before the gates
went on, if they were to go. With this
purpose in view he went to San Francisco
thin morning to interview General Man
ager Kruttschnitt. On his reHira Mr.
Hammond said:
"I could not see Mr. Kruttschnitt as he
was out of town, but I saw J. A. Fillmore.
1 told him what I had come over about,
and explained the situation to him, and
how the people were worked up over the
matter."
Mr. Fillraore said there was no need for
fear on the part of the Alameda people.
Gates were going to be put on as a con
venience to the public and as a means of
preventing accidents. He assured Mr.
Hammond tliat the company had no in
tention of charging fares for riding within
the city limits on either the broad or nar
row gaug" trains.
"I asked him," said Mr. Hammond,
"What about the future? 1
"Let me assure you once again," said
Mr. Fillmore, "it is not the company's in
tention now, or at any future time, to
charge fares for city-limit traveling. Your
residents can rest easy on that point."
As to the gates Mr. Hammond does not
think any serious objection will be made
by the citizen?. "They can be allowed to
be tried. If public safety is increased and
no inconvenience experienced they will be
allowed to remain as long as no lares are
charged."
Death of Mrs. E. K. Taylor.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 6.— The com
munity received a shock this morning
when it became known that the wife of
E. K. Taylor, City Attorney, was dead.
Sac bad been ill since last Haturu'ay and
was to have undergone an operation, but
was too weak to stand the ordeal. Hex
death was caused by blood poisoning.
Mrs. Taylor was a native of Suisun, Cal.,
and was 3h years of age. Her father, Rev.
W. R. Gober, was for many years paxtor
of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Sau
Jose, and it was while there that his de
ceased daughter graduated at the Univer
sity of the Pacihcten years ago.
The funeral services will be held on Mon
day morning at 11 o'clock at the family
residence, 1375 Reuent street, when
the Rev. Mr. Dennett, an old classmate of
the deceased, will oih'cmte. The inter
ment will be at Mountain View Cemetery.
Out of respect for the bereaved husband
the Alameda Republican Club has post
poned its meeting this evening. On Mon
day all the city ollices will be closed.
New Klectric Locomotive.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 6.— The Cali
fornia Railway Company opened its line
from the Park-street biidge to-day by a
monster picnic for the children attending
the public schools, their teachers and
parents, in the company's grounds at
Laundry Farm. Tbe grounds cover 4W)
acres and are extremely picturesque and
diversified, forming an ideal spot for rec
reation, within easy access of Alameda
aud Oakland. By noon over 1000 persons
were on the jrrounds.
The electric locomotive is the first one
of its kind in tue State and was built in
Oakland. It i& an exact duplicate, on a
smaller scale, of that used on tue Balti
more and Ohio Railroad and weighs thirty
tons. The electric locomotivo runs very
well for a first attempt, but the engineer
Bays that a few minor alterations have to
be made, which wiii increase it 3 power up
the steep grades.
Encinal Yacht Club.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 6.— The season
schedule for the Encinal Yacht Club set
Petaluma Creek drawbridge as the point to
be cruised to to-day. Accordingly the
commodore's El Sueno, Georue Tyson's
Thetis and N. T. James' Idaiia set sail this
afternoon for the appointed coal. To
morrow James Tyson, on the Fawn, will
run up to meet them and accompany them
home.
People's Party Campaigners.
BERKELEY, Cal.. June 6.— A meeting
of thf People's party was held last night
in the rooms- of the West Berkeley Pro
gressive Club. The attendance was be
yond the capacity of tne hall and much
enthusiasm prevailed. The speakers of
the evening were F. Hale, Edward Mc-
Guire, D. McLaughJin, Frtd Rawson, A.
Thresher.
THE AMENDMENTS
CANNOT BE MADE,
Berkeley Town Charter
Will Be Unchanged
for Some Years.
CHANGES UNPOPULAR.
Alterations Can't Be Made Until
the Legislature Meets
in 1899
UNITARIAN SUMMER MEETINGS
A "School of Religious Thought" to
Be Conducted in Stiles Hall,
Beginning To-Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 6.— There is
no likelihood or even possibility of any
changes being made in the town charter
for several years yet. The movement for
amendments is finally squelched by di
recting attention to a provision in the
State constitution of California to the
effect that no changes can be made in a
town charter li£e that of Berkeley within
two years of its adoption. Berkeley's
charter is only one year old, so that the
period through which it must remain un
altered will last till after the next session
of the State Legislature. Hence no amend
ments cou'd be adopted until the Legisla
ture of January, 1899.
The movement to change the charter
has not been indorsed locally, and would
probably never reach the State Legislature
because' it would fail to receive enough
votes in Berkeley.
The proposal to amend the charter so
that each Trustee would be voted for by
the whole town, instead of each in his own
ward, meets with strong opposition. There
are great differences between the voting
strength of the different wards, and it is
said that an injury would be done to the
smaller wards by tbe proposed change.
Ward Three, which is the largest in
Berkeley, would practically control the
nomination for member of the Town
Board from all wards under the system
suggested, as its .large voting strength
would make its support indispensable to
all candidates. Tne other wards would
therefore lose power by such an amend
ment and will oppose it.
As the proposition musr carry in Berke
ley by a three-fifths majority before it
goes to the State Legislature there is small
chance of the amendment mentioned be
ing carried out.
The other changes, making the office of
Town Attorney, Town Engineer and
Superintendent of Streets elective, and
reducing terms of offices to two years, are
not thought to be much more popular than
the more important one, and it is the
general opinion that the new charter will
be unchanged for many years.
Unitarian Meetings.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 6.— The first of
a series of meetings designated as a "Sum
mer School of Religious Ttought" will be
held to-morrow morning in Stiles Hall
under the auspices of tue Unitarian
Society.
"The meetings are not regular services
of the Unitarian church," said Rev. E. B.
Payne, pastor of that church. "The pur
pose of the gatherings is to study the
spirit, aims, methods and history of the
liberal relieious movement in this country.
"We shall use as a basis of study Chad
wick's volume on 'Old and New Unitarian
ism,' and we invite our friends to come as
open-eyed, freeminded students of human
and divine realities."
The plan of the Unitarians for open-air
meetings has been abandoned partly be
cause of the uncertainty of warm weather.
Presented by tbe Debaters.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 6.— Professor
Gayiey has received from the East a large
portrait of Daniel Webster, presented to
the forensic department of the university
by the intercollegiate debaters of last
term — F. H. Dam, Joseph O'Connor and
M. C. Flaherty, all of the class of '96.
The three debaters were awarded a prize
of $200 as winners of the contest against
Stanford and applied tbe money to the
purchase of the gift that has just arrived.
Death of Mrs. Chapman.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 6.— Mrs. Bes
sie P. Chapman, a well-known resident of
West Berkeley and wife of N. J. Chapman,
died this morning at her home on Sixth
street, having been confined to her bed
since Christmas. The deceased was a na
tive of St. Johns, N. 8., and had resided
in Berkeley for six years. The funeral
will take place to-morrow afternoon at
1:30, from her late residence.
Republicans to JCally.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 6.— The first
campaign meeting of Berkeley Repub
licans will be held on Monday evening in
Odd Fellows' Hall. A number of mem
bers of the local Republican Club, will
address the gathering, as well as Messrs.
W. R. Davis, Hugh Aid rich, A. T. Hol
land and E. E. Hall of Oakland.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, June 6. $
There will be a meeting of the Republican
Alliance at Masonic Hall on Monday night.
The Acmes and the Saturday Press will cross
bats on the st. Mary's College diamond to
morrow afternoon ut 2 o'clock.
Adam Schmegner of Temescal. sentenced by
Judge Ogden to forty years' imprisonment,
was taken to San Quentiu to-day.
The next convention of the Alameda County
Christian Endeavor Union will be held in the
First Baptist Church, Fourteenth and Brush
Btreets, Friday afternoon and evening.
For the first time since its organization the
ladies of the Relief Society have been reluct
antly compelled to refuse all applications for
admission to the home. The ladies have de
cided to canvass the city for monthly contri
butions.
The annual report of the Superintendent on
the expense of the High School will be pre
sented at the meeting of tbe Board of Educa
tion on Monday evening, ween salaries will be
fixed.
A series of addresses to men only at the
Young Men's Christian Association are to be
Kiven tne next few weeks on "Problems of
Life." The first will be given to-morrow by
I). Edward Collins.
A lecture. "The A. P. A. and Its Critics," will
be given by Rev. J. Q. A. Henry, under the
auspices of Council No. 51, A. P. A., at Hamil
ton Hall, on Monday evening.
SURPRISE PARTY.
The Olnen Surprise and Silver Wedding
Anniversary.
A pleasant surprise party was given to Mr.
and Mrs. Olsen, at their residence, 281 Dore
street, Saturday evening, May 23, 1890. After
the guests assembled the rooms were im
mediately decorated with flowers and
lanterns.
The evening was spont in dancing;, singing,
games and speeches. Refreshments were
served during the evening and the supper
table wa.s sot at 12 o'clock.
At '2 o'clock another surprise awaited them
which consisted of a rUver coffee service, one
dozen silver spoons, and a silver butter dish
and knife, which was presented to them with
a speech.
The evening passed on so quickly tuat the
Auction Sales
JlTi/'TfAY fill I? !
ill till) A (SdLh I .
&* £*$ £$> < £a>
MONDAY, JUNE 8, 11 A. M.
Sunset Horse Market, 220 Valencia st.,
WE WILL BKLS.:
! Sixty head of broke and unbroken Hones: 1.
Matched Driving Team: 1 Black Standard-bred
! Road Horse: 1 black Business Horse; 1 fast Pacer,
Solano Boy, with tine Hoad Baggy and Harness:
3 Canopy-Top .Surreys; 1 Extension-Top Hock-
aways: 6 P.iaetons: 7 Spring Wagons; 5 Carts; 8
Open and Top Buggies: SO sets Double and Single
Harness; Saddles, etc.
BDLLITAX & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
party had forgotten about the time until they
heard the church bells near by ringing loudly.
Those present were Mr. and Mrs. Olson,
Hilda Nelson, Pete Pearson, Helmer Garden.
PeteSvenson, Mrs. Hook, Edith Larson, Mr.
Marcus, Hilda Carlson, Annie Nelson,
Emily Olson, Mr. Johnson, John Pierson,
Mr. and Mrs. Foberg, Mr. and Mrs. Pierson,
John Anderson, Emma Benson, Gustav Strum
berg, Emile Forsale, Mr. and Mrs. Paulsen,
i Annie Olsen, Mr. Vinsiedt. John Olsen, Mr.
i Knudsen, Annie Larsen, Mr. Paulsen, John
bneman, John Paulsen, Alfred Pearson, Pete
Pierson, John Nilson, John Johnson, Pete Nil
! son, John Nelson, W. Johnson, Axel Johnson,
Hannah Hapdew, Mrs. Johnson, Hannah
Pearson, Tillle Johnson, C. P. Johnson, Emma
Stephenson, Emily Olsen, Auuio Larsen, An
tone Larsen.
JUVENILE DANCE.
Miss 31. F. Dreyfus' Dancing Class En
tertains the Parents and
Friends.
Miss M. F. Dreyfus' dancing class gave
a most delightful entertainment Friday
evening at Union-square Hall.
At 8 o'clock, wlien the grand march
was inaugurated, there was not even
standing room, the hall being crowded
with the parents and many friends of the
pupils.
The little ones, in their gorgeous danc
ing gowns, moved through the intricate
measures of the fancy and characteristic
dances with a grace and precision that
reflected great credit upon their talented
young teacher.
The programme was pleasantly varied
by vocal contributions. Jennie Metzler
Lrban, a wee tot of four summers, suc
ceeded in winning unstinted applause for
her tea-party song and dance.
As far aa the dancing was concerned, th«
honors of the evening fell to Miss Adele
Morgenstern. The tiny danseuse is a
beauty of the southern type, with a rich
dark skin, glorious brown eyes and hair
the color of the raven's wing. Attired in
a rich Oriental costume, she moved
tnrough the measures of the Persian scarf
dance with graceful abandon.
Miss Carrie Doliiver was much admired
in the Highland fling, and was presented
with a doll, her teacher's reward for ex
emplary conduct. The following is the
evening's programme in full:
Grand march and line exercise Class
Lovers' Quarrel
Misses Irene Sullivan. Jennie Metzler Ur
ban. Edna Bragg, Irene Iralner, ltoHalie
Goldstein, Kuth Kuddock, ZealaCook, Car
rie DolHver.
Highland i-'llng
Miss Maude Still and Master Sellar Bullard.
"Cornevllle"
Misses KateOutstadt, Hattie Moines. Ed na
Bice, Pearl Bryson, Gertie Rouboltz, Ks
telle Ruddock, Ethel Winters and Viola
Winters.
Fan dance
Misses Zeala Cook, Ruth Ruddock, Ruth
Christ, esen.
"Alpine Bells Miss Hazel fiammon 1
Doll dance Miss Edna Bragg
Highland Fling Misi Carrie Doliiver
Ty rolienne son?
Misses Estelle Ruddock, C'yretta Jones.
Pearl Bryson, Louise Kubacb, Mau/le Still,
Lilly Levey.
Song, "Won't you Come to My Tea Party"
Jennie Meizler lrban
Tambourine dance MissiJreD© Trainer
"Comin 1 Thro' the Rye"
Miss Mildred Cameron and Master Lowell
- Krigbanm
Song, "Rosebuds" Miss Gertie Bentham
Sailors' Hornpipe Miss Olive Wolf
1.6 Flour Miss Rosulie Goldstein
Persian scarf dance Miss Adele Morg*n.stern
••America" Miss Rnth Chrlstesen
Song and dance Miss Zeala Cook
Fairy dance
Misses Anita Smith, Cyretta Jones, Lilly
.Levey, Gertie Bentham, Kthel McCormick,
Kstelle Kudaock, KsieUe Doliiver, £ona
Rice, Maud Still, .Louise Kubach.
Cachuca Misa Florence Cloak
La Rosace. Miss Pearl Bryson
Tambourine dance ...Miss Ktliel McCormick
Butterfly dance
Mlssea olive Wolf, Kuth Chnstesen, Belle
LiviDgtone, Rosalie Goldstone, Frances Gin
stall:, Marie Bullard. Carrie Doliiver. Kuth
Ruddock. Irene Ball! van, Irene Trainer,
Ethel Winters, Viol.i Winters, Oenevieve
Mullen, Dora Bernstein.
Leona Miss Maude Still
Cracovlenne Miss Eoua Rice
Flower dance. Misses Viola and Ethel Winters
Skirt dance Miss Cyretta Jones
Trilby Miss Gertie Rotholtz
Serena
Misses Florence Cloak, Hattie Moines, Lilly
Levey. Adele Morsjenstern, Ixmise Kubach,
Gertie Bentham, Ethel McCormick, Maude
Still.
Polish dance Miss M. F. Dreyfus, teacher
COURSEN-ROECKEL.
Society Assists at a Delightful Blu
gicale.
Mme. Ellen Cour3en-Roeckel received over
fifty of her friends last Wednesday afternoon
at her beautiful home on Fulton street. A
miniature concert hall was formed in the par
lor and carried across the broad hall Into the
music-room. Flowers were artistically ar
ranged in large vases, which were scattered
throughout the house and corridor. The fol
lowing programme of vocal music was warmly
received:
Trio, "Aye Maria" (Owen), Miss Grace Sherry,
Miss Andrea Mojica and Miss Adela de Galyez;
canzone, "Voi, che Sapete." from "Marriage
of Figaro" (Mozart), Mios Tillie Miley; song,
'•Love's Proving" (Lohr), Miss Emilie Schneider,
debutante; melody in F, "Voices of the
Woods" (Rubinstein-Watson), ' Miss Mollie
Kane; song, "Good-by" (Tosti), Miss Ellen
Cooney, debutante; ballad, "Adown the
Lane" (Berkeley), Mrs. Anna K. Shaw;
duet, "Bolero" (Saint-Saens), Mrs. Georgie
Stout and Miss Cathie Coursen;
song, "The Double Loss" (Helmund), little
Evaßolger; cavatina, "Den Calma," "Otello,"
(Rossini), Mits Annette Miley; romance, "As
thore," (Trotere), Miss IdaSchintz;duet, "Thy
Manly Heart," "Magic Flute' (Moaart) Miss
Jennie Johannsen and Mrs. H. Lewis; songs,
(a) "One Spring Morning" (Nevin). (b) "High
no," (RoeckelOliss Neil Cochu; chorus, "2a
nita," (Trotere), ladies' choral. Conductress,
Mme. Roeckel. Serenade, "The Stars Are
Gleaming," (Xeidlinger). Miss May Mabrio;
Scotch ballad, "My Laddie' 1 (Neidlinger), Mis»
Dora Conn; duet In "00. Pretty Rose," (Mar
zials); canon, Mile. Eleua Roeckel aud Mme.
Ellen Coursen-Roeckel.
Mr. Roeckel accompanied the vocalists of the
afternoon in his well-kuown delicate style.
The musicale over and a lively conversazione
followed, during which crushed strawberry
and pineapple ices and cnarlotte ru*«e ice
cream were served, accompanied with ioed
lemonade and cakes. The guests present were
as follows: Mrs. L. Emanuel. Mrs. Neueasg.
Mme. Louise Sorbicr, Mile. Cecile Horbier, lifrs.
Charles F. Kapp, Mrs. Byron Mauzy, Thorning
ton C. Chase, Miss Mamie Coble of Sausaiito,
Miss Christina Slack of Ban Rafael, Miss Mol
lie Kane of Alameaa, Mme. A. EUenberg,
Sonorita Victoria Sierra, Mis» Florence Horan,
Mrs. F. Peterson, M. and Mine. Roeckel, Mile.
Elena Roeckel, Master and Mits Maria
Roeckel. Mrs. James W. O'Brien of Bau
salito, Miss Emiiie Schneider of Alameda,
Miss Boclter, Miss ray, C. Johntton,
Mr J. Campbell, Master I'reoley Btout, Mrs.
W.l'. Stout. Miss Cathie Cour»en, Miss Ethel
Eckfe^dt, Miss Kva Bolger, Miss May Mabie,
Miss Gtorgie Kruns, Miss t-itvia Rottanzi,
Mme. Sw.ffMiii, Misses Annette and Tllhe
Miley, Miss Cooney. Mi»s Ellen Cooney, Senor
ita* Andrea and Il'sif Mojica, Miss Id&BchlntS,
Mrs. U. Lewis, Mrs. l)orn Conn, Miss Jenni*
Johannsen, benoritn Adela dc Galvez of Ala
meda, Miss Agnes McCarthy, Mrs. M. K. Sherry,
Miss Grace Sherry, Miss Cicilla Nolan, Una
Neil Couch, Mrs. William Shew, Mrs. George
Barrou and Miss X. Crandatl.
Dr. Holmes and the Book Agent.
Charles Francis Adams told Mr. Morse
that one forenoon, when he and Mr. Scbun
were calling on Dr. Holmes, a copy of
Worcester's "Unabridged Dictionary" lay
on the latter's desk. The doctor told' them
that a canvasser for tbe "Century Diction
ary" had just called, teas.ng ruin for a
subscription. "No," said the doctor, "I'm
too old— Bo years. I shan't live to see the
'Century' hnisheu." To which the en
couraging book agent replied: 'Nay.
doctor, you won't have to live so very
much longer to use our book; we've al
ready got to G." "And you may go to L,
if you like," exclaimed the little doctor;
and tue canvasser weat— somewhere.
1516
WINING'S MEN ARE
ON THEIR MUSCLE
An Old Farmer of Bouldin
Island Was Violently
Ejected.
TORE THE VICTIM'S COAT
Great Excitement in a Fifth-
Street Car Yesterday
Afternoon.
A SUIT MAY BE THE RESULT.
H. Wulff's Gallant Though Inef
fectual Battle in Defense of
His Rights.
A couple of Mr. Vining's men had an
opportunity yesterday to exercise their
muscular development on a farmer who
did not know the ways of the Market
street system and had failed to exchange
bis check for a transfer at the corner of
Fifth and Market streets. The carmen
took such energetic advantage of their
opportunity that the passenger's coat was
nearly torn from his back, and he was in a
state bordering on collapse when finally
ejected from the car.
Henry Wulff of Bouldin Island is a bluff
old farmer, apparently about sixty years
of age, and manifestly unused to the ways
of the city. He knew nothing of the
transfer check system established by Mr.
Vining, nor was any information vouch
safed him except that the bit of paper he
tendered as fare and which he supposed
was a transfer was not good and that he
could either pay another fare or get off the
car.
He was still very much excited when
seen last evening, and he declared his in
tention of ascertaining in court whether
he could be assaulted with impunity by
rßilroad employes.
"I never was so insulted and maltreated
in my life," he said.
"i'was out at the German Hospital with
a friend, and paid two fares on an east
bound Market-street car that arrived at
Fifth and Market streets about 4:10 this
afternoon. I knew nothing about transfer
checks, and took the slip" the conductor
gave me supposine it was a transfer.
"Mv friend went up Powell street, and I
got off on the Fifth-street side and went
to the car that was standing there. It was
No. 17. I saw no transfer agent and
would not have Known anything about it
had there been a dozen about.
"The driver demanded fares when the
car had gone a short distance, and I
handed him my slip.
l; 'That's no good,' he said, 'go back and
get a transfer.'
•'I protested that the conductor had
given it to me but a moment before and
that it must be good.
" 'Either get a transfer, pay another
nickel or get off the car,' he said, seizing
me by the collar.
"I naturally resisted, thinking that I
was being robbed, and he dragged me
violently toward the rear platform, tear
ing my coat at the collar and at the sleeves
and bruising me azainst the seats.
"The other passengers left the car, ap
parently in discust, while he was draggine
me around. By this time the car had
reached Mission street, and then another
man jumped aboard. He announced that
be was an officer, though he wore no uni
lorm, and ordered me to get off the car.
"I was bewildered at what seemed to me
to be a deliberate attempt to deprive me of
rr\y rights and refused, and then both men
took hold of me and put me off. I had to
go to a tailor-»hop to have my coat re
paired before I could walk the streets.
"1 would be very glad to get the ad
dresses of some of the people that were in
the car when the conductor began his as
sault on me. A letter addressed to H.
Wulff, Bouldin Island, will reach me."
Mr. Wulff's coat bore ample evidences
of bis struggle with the carman, one lap
pel being nearly torn off and the other
rents showing the energy with which Mr.
Vining's man had striven to' carry out the
instructions to oust all who failed to ex
change their checks for transfers.
SHORT-LIMIT TRANSFERS
The Market-Street Railway Com
pany Will Issue Them in
Lieu of Checks.
It Is Prepared to Comply With the
Proposed New Ordinance When It
Becomes a Law.
If nothing unexpected intervenes the
new ordinance requiring that transfers
shall be given passengers on the street
cars, thus abolishing the present check
system on the Market, Powell and Third
street lines, will become a law on the 11th J
inst., next Thursday.
In anticipation of this the Market- street
Railway Company has made all the neces
sary provisions to meet the changed con
dition of affairs, as it intends to comply
with the law as soon as it is finally passed
and signed by the Mayor.
The transfer agents will be withdrawn
from both Powell and Third streets, and
passengers will be given transfers printed
so as to give a five-minute limit.
In no case will the passenger be given
more than five minutes for the transfer
from one car to another, as the transfer
check will be punched so as to allow only
time to catch the first car on which he in
tends to continue his trip. Thus in some
cases the time limit will not exceed one
minute.
It is expected that this will prevent the
newsboys from trafficking in transfers,even
should they risk the chance of coming in
conflict with the authorities by continuing
to give away transfers with the papers
they sell.
THE CHIEFS QUIET VISIT.
Chinatown and the Tenderloin District
Inspected by Crowley.
Chief of Police Crowley paid a quiet
visit to Chinatown and the tenderloin dis
trict last night. His visit was unheralded,
and the officers oa duty had no warning
that the head of tne department was
among them until he stepped up to them
and bid each a kindly good-night.
He expressed himself as being well satis
fied with the manner in which this section
was officered,' stating that he had less
troubie with the Chinese section lately
than bad been the case for years past.
The other neighborhood was passed
without comment, but the officers were in
structed to be on the alert to prevent any
more strangling.
This is the first visit of the Chief to this
part of the City at nipht for months.
• • — •
Sailors I>ld Not Pay
President James fl. Stetson of the North Pa-
cific Coast Railway stated yesterday that there
was no foundation in fact for the report that
the crew of the monitor Monadnock had been
charged for transportation to and from San
Francisco Decoration day. Mr. Stetson issued
an order to pass the crew, which was carried
out.
STUDENTS' JOURNAL.
The Annual Publication of the Girls'
High School Shows Marked
Improvement.
The annual Students' Journal, issued by
the young ladies of the Girls' High School,
has just made its appearance, and exceeds
in style and literary merit anything of the
kind ever issued by the school. The title
page represents three handsome young
women, below the picture being these
lines:
Three little mtiids from school are we,
Geometry, Latin and Chemistry.
The entire publication, which contains
forty pages exclusive of advertising, is
filled with brig-ht poetry and prose, while
several cartoons serve to lighten the gen
eral effect.
To Miss Alice Chalmers, '96, who aided
materially as assistant managing editor in
getting out the Christmas edition of the
Examiner, is due much of the credit of the
publication, she having officiated as editor
in-chief. She was ably assisted by the fol
lowing assistant editors: Annie Allen,
'97; Joan Fraser, '96; Alice Duffy, '96;
Lilian Nathan, '96. Augusta Abenheim,
'96; and Lottie Brand, '96, acted as man
agers.
TAXPAYERS DIFFER.
Question of Reserving Portion of Gol
den Gate %nd Tan Ness Avenues
for Business.
The question of reserving that portion
of Golden Gate avenue from Taylor to Van
Ness avenue as a business section and ex
empting it from the ordinance recently
passed, which declared the entire thor
oughfare a boulevard, is occupying the
attention of the property-owners.
It is stated that the majority of those
owning real estate on this avenue consider
it a hardship to shut out the street from
business in consequence of its close prox
imity to Market street and the City Hall,
which the ordinance will do unless modi
fied.
The same sentiments are entertained by
those owning property on the southern
end of Van Ness avenue from its inter
section with Golden Gate avenue to
Market street.
HOISTING THE BEAR FLAG.
Native Sons of San Francisco
and Alameda Will Par
ticipate.
The Local Parlors Will Go to
Sonoma io. a Body for
the Celebration.
The twenty-seven parlors of Native Sons
of the Golden West in San Francisco and
Alameda counties will go in a body to
Sonoma next Saturday to attend the Bear
flag celebration.
That was unanimously decided last
night by delegates from the several parlors
at a meeting of the joint 9th of September
committee, held in Native Sons' Hall,
primarily to plan for the great Admission
day celebration to be held in Stockton this
year. The Grand Parlor had appointed a
committee to arrange for the Native Sons'
representation at Sonoma, and that com
mittee decided to facilitate matters by ap
pealing to the joint committee, a body
already organized for a similar purpose at
a later date.
As to the arrangements for the celebra
tion in September at Stockton the plans of
the sub-committees are all awaiting the
report of a satisfactory special rate from
the railroad. The transportation com
mittee is still negotiating with the rail
road, but it expects to have a detinue
report ready to present when the com
mittee meets again June 20.
The officers of the joint committee are:
Chairman, George H. S. Dryden, Rincon
.Parlor 72; vice-chairman, Percy V. Loner,
Columbia Parlor 121; secretary, Robert W.
Maitland, Sequoia Parlor 160; treasurer,
W. D. Shea, California Parlor 1.
The different features of the general
plan of preparations have been assigned
to special committees as follows :
Transportation— L. F. Byington, Niantic Par
lor 105 (chairman); D. L. Martin, Stanford
Parlor 70; C. K. Mooser, Presidio Parlor 194.
Press— J. Henry Glass, Alameda Parlor 47
(chairman); F. C. Conray, Golden Gate Purior
V 29; E. J. Murphy, Olympus Parlor 189.
Printing— H. F. Perueau, Caliiornla Parlor 1
(chairman); H. J. Stepston, Hesperian Parlor
137; Willis Brown, National Parlor 118.
Parade— Kugene F. Bert, Mission Parlor 38
(chairman); r. J. Morasky, Olympus Parlor
189; L. C. Pistolesi, Sequoia Parlor 160; D. E.
Murden, National Parlor 118; J. J. Nagle,
Piedmont Parlor 120.
Finance— John J. Harmes, Yerba Buena Par
lor 84 (chairman); \V. J. Wynn, Rincon Parlor
72; Henry Pasqual, Golden Gate Parlor '29.
Music— A. P. A. Troy, Alcatraz Parlor 145
(chairman); D. J. Ellis, South San Francisco
Parlor 157; George A. Glover, ban Francisco
Parlor 49.
Advertising— J. C. Bete* Jr., Halcyon Parlor
14« (chairman) ; W. C. Miller, iTecita Parlor
187; D. L. Fitzgerald, Pacific Parlor 10.
Decoration— Dr. M. J. Hawkins, El Dorado
Parlor 52 (chairman); I. Harris, Columbia
Parlor 121; C. D. Maloney, Athens Parlor 195.
Hotel and accommodations— E. W. Levy, Bay-
City Parlor 104 (chairman); Charles J.Rose,
Alameda Parlor 47; William Warren, Alcalde
Parlor 154.
NEWS OF THE CHURCHES.
Anniversary Celebration of Grace
Church's Tested Choir.
Grace Episcopal Church will this even
ing celebrate the first anniversary of the
inauguration of the male choir.
An elaborate musical programme will
be performed, under the direction of the
organist and Choirmaster William H.
Holt. The programme will include soios
by Homer Henley and Frank Coffin; a
trio and quartet by Messrs. Coffin, Jones,
Henley and McDonald; a motet for soli
and chorus sung by Dr. Hodghead and
Messrs. Coffin and Henley and full choir.
There will also be a number of other
choruses, and the programme will con
clude with an organ recital by W. H. Holt,
which will include selections by Batiste,
Franc, Barnby, Dykes and Capocci.
The opening services in the new Con
gregational Church at Mill Valley will be
held to-day. At 10 a. m., Sunaay-sohool;
11 a. m., preaching; 7:30 p. m., organization
of Christian Endeavor Society; 8 p. m.,
praise service.
Rev. L. D. Rathbone of Redwood City
has received a call to the Congregational
Church at Santa Kosa.
At the recent meeting of the Board of
Missions in Nashville, $500 was appro
priated to repair ihe AsDury Cnnrch in
Oakland. This amount will put the build
ing in first-class order.
On Sunday evening, June 14, the closing
exercises of the Sunday-school of the First
Hebrew Congregation of Oakland, as well
as the farewell services prior to the re
moval of the synagogue, will be held. A
programme for the children has been pre
pared. The choir is in training for the
occasion, and besides the sermon of Rabbi
Friedlander the president, Julius Abra
hamson, will deliver the farewell address.
Circulars have been forwarded to all the
Jewish ministers of the United States ask
ing for their signatures and co-operation
in an endeavor to establish arbitration as
the medium for settling National disputes.
They were sent by the New York board of
Jewish ministers and signed by the fol
lowing members of the committee: H.
Pereira Mendes, chairman; Gustav
tiottbeii, K. Koehler, Maurice H. Harris,
Raphael Benjamin and Stephen S. Wise,
secretary.
Good morning, have you read Thomas Slater's
dvertisement for men on page 3*T
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
PASTOR BIRCH
TALKS OF PEACE.
Dr. Hemphill's Substitute
Gives Forth Some
New Ideas.
HOME RULE FOR IRELAND
He Says Joseph Chamberlain Is
Paving the Way for Great
Changes.
BUT NOW HE MASKS HIS HAND
Eventually Canada and the West
Indies Will Be Given to the
United States.
Rev. W. L. Birch, who will officiate at
Calvary Church during Dr. Hemphill's
absence in Europe, is a pastor who has
been touring the world with an olive
Rev. W. L. Birch, Who Will Act as Dr. Hemphill's Substitute.
branch in his hand, so to speak. He rep
resents a peace society whose object is the
welding of all the English-speaking peo-
pies into one colossal federation, which
shall have the world at its feet.
"This is bound to come sooner or later,"
said Mr. Birch, when questioned on the
subject yesterday. "The ultimate idea of
advanced politicians in England — and
Joseph Chambeilain is foremost among
them — is to band Canada and the British
West Indies over to the United States, and
give local self-government to Scotland,
Ireland, Wales and Cape Colony.
"New Zealand and Australia have home
rule already. All these countries would
be united in a federation for peace pur
poses. Of course Chamberlain has not
come out openly and declared for this yet.
He would raise a storm of indignation if
he did, because he is considered to be an
imperialist, but he is educating the people
up to these ideas."
Pastor Birch says that as Chamberlain
is married to an American lady lie has a
greater feeling of sympathy for the United
States than other British statesmen and
that he will gradually educate the people
up to throwing Canada and the British
West Indies into the balance in favor of
peace and arbitration.
Mr. Birch was a well-known orator at
home, in England. He held forth in the
Free Trade Hail, Manchester, every Sun
day to thousands of people, and he dropped
the remark yesterday that when he was
setting forth to come to America Joseph
Chamberlain had wanted him to tind out
how the land lay and smooth the way as
far as possible.
"Gladstone, Salisbury and all the other
great English statesmen, both Liberal and
Conservative, are in favor of a board of
arbitration to co-operate with a similar
committee appointed by the United States.
This committee would settle all interna
tional questions by arbitration. And as
the English-speaking people possess much
of the purse and the brain of the world
other nations would have to harken to
their voice and the cause of righteousness
would triumph."
It seems that though the Conservatives
and the bulk of the Liberal Unionists are
in favor of the appointment of a board of
arbitration they have not yet been edu
cated up to the local self-government
scheme and the handling of British North
America, but Rev. Mr. Birch says Cham
berlain will educate them up to it in time.
There is one thing, however, which never
occurred to the progressive member for
Birmingham, but wi ich Pastor Birch has
found out since coming to the United
States, and that is the impossibility of
achieving anything till Ireland has home
rule*
"The British Government is willing to
appoint the peace committee ; it is the
United States that is hanging back," said
the pastor. "Since coming to this country
I see how it is. America is a greater Ire
land; neither the Republicans nor the
Democrats can do anything that would
forfeit them the Irish vote, and that vote
could never be cast for a grand federation
for peace purposes with England till Ire
land is free and untrammeled. The advo
cates of peace, therefore, must work for
the liberation of Ireland."
It is Mr. Birch's opinion that the
Orangemen would have no objection to
home rule when they once realized the
grand, far-reaching effects of a ereat
peace federation.
"It would be the most colossal power
evolved from mankind, and, being evolved
from a desire for righteousness, it would
be practically a God power," said Mr.
Birch enthusiastically.
Pastor Birch came to California by way
of Australia and New Zealand. In the
latter country he was pastor for two years
of the Auckland Tabernacle, and both in
Auckland and Christcburch he was
prominently connected with philanthropic
movements.
Not in the Programme.
A.W. Martin of Martin & Co., 48 Geary street,
swore to a complaint yesterday charging A. E.
Gould, an advertising agent, with obtaining
money by false pretenses. He alleges that
Gould got $5 from him for a card in the Grand
Army programme on Decoration day, but it
did not appear.
Purposes of Psychical Research.
At the urgent request of many of the mem
bers ol the California Psychical Society, who
desire their friends to have the privilege of
hearing psychical lectures, J. J. Morse has
agreed to give a course of popular Sunday
evening discourses in addition to the work
which is now being done, in the rooms of the
society. He will commence the course by lec
turing to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock in Red
Men's Hall, Union Square, his topic being:
"The Real Purposes of Psychical Research."
A MORTGAGED HOME.
It Sends a Boy Out to Support Himself
Bather Than Be Dependent
Upon His Parents.
J. D. Heagerty and his wife, residents of
Belmont, were in this City yesterday
making inquiries as to the whereabouts of
their son James.
The young fellow, who is 17 years old,
left home with his books on the morning
of May 20 to attend the Redwood City
High School. His mother had given him
50 cents for fare, but he gave it back to
her as he started, saying walking was
good and he would riot need it. That
evening his. parents received by mail the
following letter:
My Dear Father and Mother: I am going away
to earn my own living. lam too big to be de
pendent on you when you are so poor. I think
I ought to go away and do something to help
you along, and at the same time I will study
and try to educate myself at spare hoars. I
guess I can read and study at night.
Perhaps you may hear from me again soon.
With love to everybody, I hope 1 remain your
loving son, J. Heagerty.
Mr. Heagerty, who is a small store
keeper, has been unfortunate in business
and was obliged to mortgage his property,
and the boy heard of it for the nr3t time
the day before he went away. He had
brooded over the financial difficulties that
had beset his father, and, as his letter ex
plains, had gone away, preferring to sup
port himself rather than be dependent
upon the family.
The courageous and independent boy is
the oldest of seven children and bears an
excellent character. He was a hard stu
dent, trying to finish his high school
training and to study law. His parents
earnestly desire that he return home and
consider that whatever his high purpose
there was no need in his leaving his home
as he die. Any information as to the
boy's whereabouts will be gladly received
by the father and mother.
CONVICTED OF NOTHING,
The Jury in the Mars Case
Brings in a Very Peculiar
Verdict.
A Desire to Shield the Striking
Lathers From Punishment
Exhibited.
The jury in the case of James Holmes,
William Starr, Daniel Dunn, Neal Collins,
William Dowling, E. G. Waltz and W.
McCoy, the striking members of the
Lathers' Union, who were convicted in
Judge Belcher's court of murdering C. A.
Mars, brought in a most perplexing ver
dict. It reads:
We, the jnry, find the defendants guilty of
involuntary manslaughter not a felony, and
recommend, them to the extreme mercy of the
court.
The finding of the jury that the accused
are guilty of "involuntary manslaughter
nota felony" is a curiosity in its way. In
voluntary manslaughter is a felony accord
ing to the laws of the State.
Judge Belcher at first declined to accept
the verdict and kept the jury out for al
most twenty-four hours, but they came
back with the same decision.
Yesterday morning the attorneys for the
defense entered a motion for dismissal.
An affidavit was presented, signed by the
jurors, saying that the verdict had been
purposely made so as to prevent the ac
cused being puntshed for a felony. His
honor refused to hear the affidavit, to
which the defense noted an exception.
A motion for a new trial was then made
and Judge Belcher took the entire matter
under advisement.
Richard S. Warren was sentenced to
three years in Folsom for burglary, in the
residence of Thomas Macrow, 1019 Seven
teenth street, while Fred Hesson received
a similar dose for forging the name of H.
Miller to a check for $15.
Judge Bahrs sent Frank Johnson to San
Qnenlin for two and a half years for petty
larceny.
THE HAPPY OLD LADIES.
Annun ir Held by Them Tester-
day at University Mound"!
It was a happy day at University
Mound yesterday, it being the occasion of
the annual bazaar at the Lick Old Ladies'
Home. There was an absence of all su
perfluous formality, nor was any ostenta
tious display attempted. The parlors and
halls of the spacious building were taste
fully though simply decorated with ever
greens and flowers, and the surrounding
grounds looked green, fresh and beauti
ful.
Each of the old ladies (there are thirty
all told) was neatly dressed and wore a
placid pmile upon her wrinkled face. All
day long they were visited by friends and
relatives from the City.
Several of the trustees and lady man
agers were also present. There were no
set exercises, but the guests were hospita
bly entertained at a substantial luncheon
by the old ladies, who also played and
sang lor them.
The primary intention of the day is to
give the old ladies a chance to dispose of
the shawls, table-covers, mats, rugs, etc.,
which they have manufactured during the
year and so realize from the proceeds a
little convenient pin money. The sale
was entirely successful, and when it was
over the stock of fancy goods was very
light, but the pockets of the old ladies
were correspondingly heavy.
Since the State has discontinued the al
lowance the income of the institution has
been materially reduced. It has now
barely sufficient funds to meet its current
expenses, but cannot receive any more old
ladies.
NORMAL GIRLS
WITH PRIVILEGES.
They Will Soon Receive
Their Diplomas to
Teach.
BEADY FOR VACANCIES
Preferred Candidates of the
Board of Education — A
Big Class,
THE METHODS OF THE SCHOOL
Profits Its Students From Actual
Experimental Teaching in City
Schools.
At the annual graduation exercises of
the San Francisco Normal School, to be
held on Tuesday, the 16th inst,, almost a
hundred studious young ladies confidently
count upon receiving diplomas. They will
then be entitled to teach in any of the
primary or grammar schools so soon, of
course, as the number of vacancies shall
be sufficient to accommodate them.
The Normal School was originally estab
lished as a post-graduate class of the
(iirls' High School. It holds a unique
educational position, and the existing high
standard of excellence to which it has at
tained is the result of years of conscien
tious labor by such distinguished edu
cators as the late Dudley C. Stone, John
Swett, Mrs. Mary W. Kincaid, Miss Laura
T. Fowler, Albert H. Voder and the late
James G. Kennedy. Miss Fowler, the
present principal, has been actively con
nected with the school, either as principal
or vice-principal, for the past seven years.
She is well liked by her students and is
exceptionally popular with her "fellow
teachers, being president ot the Teachers'
Mutual Aid Society.
The graduates of the Normal Bchool en
joy special privileges and find it far easier
than other young ladies to get appointed us
teachers. It is the law of the Board of Ed
ucation that "the first six vacancies occur
ring in the substitute class (each year)
shall be filled by appointment from the
graduates of the San Francisco Normal
School, the selection to be made from the
twelve who graduate with the highest per
centages."
It is also provided by section 166 that
"a competitive examination shall beheld
of graduates of the San Francisco Normal
Sctiool, exclusive of the graduating class
of the current year., and out of the number
applying those who shall upon such ex
amination be found to be well qualified,
but not exceeding twelve in number,
shall be deemed to be entitled to be ap
pointed teachers in the substitute class."
Since the untimely deaths of Messrs.
Kennedy and Stone, Miss Fowler has had
a heavy responsibility resting upon her,
but she has proved herself equal to the oc
casion and has performed her duties with
marked ability. The examination of the
students has been conducted by the prin
cipal, under the instructions of Superin
tendent Baocock.and will undoubtedly re
sult satisfactorily to all concerned.
It is expected that out of the ninety
eight students enrolled, ninety will pet
the 85 per cent required to graduate, and
the papers of those who fall below this
standard will be experted to prevent the
possibility of any mistake and consequent
injustice to the girls.
Miss Fowler believes in a one year's
course, the girls having already been
graduated from a high school. The prac
tice of sending the students into the City
schools for their experimental training she
also advocates. "A girl," said Miss
Fowler, "thus gets the full range of child
life and character, and gains for herself
far more than a stereotyped, critic teacher
can give her. Under this system the ex
penses of the school are ereatly reduced,
since while half the students are out teach
ing in the various City schools, the re
maining half can be taught by one teacher.
The graduates of this school are to be
found all over the Pacific Coast from Ta
coma to San Diego, and invariably they
have proved themselves to be snecessful
teachers."
Biinetalliats Organize.
A meeting of the bimetallists of the Twenty
third Senatorial District was held last evening
at 829 Stevenson street and organized a Sena
torial district league. D. J. Buckley was
elected president, J. W. Porter vice-president,
and Frank Holland secretary. The league
will meet June 15 and elect a delegate to the
National Silver Convention. |
• — » •
Fried shrimps and grasshoppers are sold
in the markets of Mexico. Both are cooked
whole and so eaten.
NEW TO-DAT.
Every
body
E
S
A
E
L
P PAY
attention to oar weekly Drive in Fine
Shoes
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
If you don't you don't know what you're
missing. Gome and see the crowds that
daily throng our store. They wouldn't be
there if there wasn't money in it for them.
Men's Tan ana if usspt Bais and Congress,
regular price »3 60 and $8. This week
only 91.85
Men's Satin Calf Congress and Bals, regu-
lar price $2 60. This week only 91.50
Ladies' Fine Tan Oxfords, hand turned,
regular price $2 60. This week only 91-45
Infants' Tan Button, sizes 2 to ti, turned
soles, regular price 76c. This v.-eek ouly. 50c
Child's lan Button, hand turned, cloth
tipped, spring heel, sizes 3 to 7, regular
price «1 25. This week only 65c
Can't pay charges to country on
"Drives."
Headquarters for Buckingham & Hecht's
Fine Shoes. Send for catalogue ; mailed free.
Kast's
738- 740 Market Street.
I , j^W_ AY—DRY GOODS. " - _ __ _ L l-' ■ -i*
NOVELTY
BLACK
GOODS!
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING!
We have just received a very large ship-
ment 'of NOVELTY ENGLISH BLACK
GOODS, the latest productions of a CELE-
BRATED BRADFORD MANUFACTURER.
The weaves and designs are the most elegant
ever exhibited in San Francisco, and as they
come to us rather late in the season, we will
offer the entire lot at
n9 IkD Kt?li Iflfl 9
Of 00 V H
1k%9 ma e3i fl ILO BLJb
I TT per Yard.
The above goods are in 20 different de-
signs. WARRANTED FAST BLACK. They
measure exactly 44 inches in width, and at
the price quoted are fully fifty per cent
cheaper than any similar goods ever sold in
this city.
The attention of our patrons is directed
to this sale.
TELEPHONE 3VEAXRJ 5777.
ill, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET. 
We've Cot
'em Now.
BIRD CAGES.
Handsomely painted, large size, regular price
76c. Our price 40c
Handsomely painted, extra large size, regular !
price $1. Our price 500
CANDLESTICKS.
.Elegant patterns, in brass, regular price 30c.
our price .'.'. .\.: 15c
Fancy painted, porcelain tops, regular price
'20c Our price 100
PIANO DUSTERS.
Fancy handle, regular price 40c. Our price.. 2 So
CARVED BREAD BOARD AND KNIFE.
Regular price 50c. Our price 250
LACQUERED CRUMB TRAY & BRUSH.
Regular price 25c. Our price 10c
"BROWNIE" LUNCH BOXES.
Best quality, regular price 20c Our price 10c
RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND By
- SKILLED MECHANICS
A SPECIALTY.
81S-BgQ MARKET ST
LI Til JR., y~^\
Chinese Tea and Herb L^ J
Sanitorinin, y<y g
No. 727 Washington St., \♦» 3
San Francisco, Cal. V 7 ¥
Cor. Brenhjun Flase. Abo v« h^^* A
tie plaza. /Jb^
Office Hours: 9to 13, — "^ lfe (Ju^^\
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- *%#"
day, 9 A. M. to 11 U.
LI To Tal Jr.. son of the famous LI Pa
Tai, has taken hit* tether's business,
and is, after eleven years* study la
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all diseases.
jAMfifcfcflafc , U FIFTY-DOLLAR
|P^£| ELECTRIC BELTS
■§sytes&i£&£-=-ii*jM V o^ * a 5; $40 BELTS
RJS^bgi^»^d|^ r for 820, and ?30- Belts
lifV^^K^^vr *«r?15; also good belts for
"*ti* •~TV > Jii'^ * 5 - Latest patent and all
I•• <l3v Improvements. £5" Call
<<iS> or write for new pamphlet
• w No. 2. Address DR.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco. ,
PChlr k-n«;i«h Diamond Mr.nd.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^STTV - <Jrl«l»«l»n«I Only Gonuinf. A
■ J"At TcvSs: •* rl > alw»y» reliable, uoiu Hk fix
: f'Jl\j**i)Bk. Drn *(fi»t *»r Chithttltrt English Via- *JV\
k*yiff^^ > nond Brand in Ke4 »nd Void meumcVtSP
j^ S«W>^ t>oxei - f** l * l wlt * Woe ribbon. Take VSf •
j?1 •^^sf»o other. RtftM dangtrtru* mbitice V
I / — fw and imitationt. At Dro«gin«. or »«(14«.
I V -M io lUmpf far partioi»!»rs, teatiocnUls and
\V* 0 "Relief for Ladlra," in letter, by rftorn
I — \_ If MmIL 10,000 T>nimoni«lß. Same Paper.
. *<j o>rej
■olf* ky »U Ue«t Drujriju. Phllad-v. Pfe
COAL! COAL !
We11ingt0n.......... $10 00 ....
Southfield. 9 50 ....
Genuine Coos 8ay.... . ; 6 50— Half ton. 350
5eatt1e. ....... ............. *.. 8 00— Half ton. 400
8ryant.................'......; 700— Halfton. 400
Telephone— Black— 3s. , '
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
522 Howard Street. ear First.
. IRON BEDS.
■ fm-f , ■ 1 -mm BRASS BEDS,
<^ mm "  FOLDING BEDS 1
Wire and Hair Mat-
. ' tresses, Reclining
j^, " Chairs, Wheel Chair*.
T .: ■■ + .: ■■■■.; ( . commodes, Back Kesu
I l. ffTJttTrf W. A. SCHROCK,
frW-HA I 21
**Bg^; -*- iimij, New Montgomery
W d-■ . , J st. , under Grand
T . f * V Hotel* S. k\
UA 7 AAD \
DA£A/uv .
TOP '96
NOTCH- Bea-Hnr
ERSI Bicycles
$85—
$10 DOWN AND
$2 PER WEEK.
Absolutely high grade. Made In all *
height of frames for
LADIES OR GENTS.
A FEW
- — LEFT AT
$60.22:
SAME CONDITIONS AS ABOVE.
§JW 9 PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
OPECIALTY-DISKASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
£S in;; all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dii»
pases of n private natu re. Over 20 years' perience.
Boole sent free. Patients cured at Home. Term*
reasonable. 1 Office Hours, 9 to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul freeand
sacredly confldPiitlal. Call or address
P. BOSCOE McjfULTT, M. !>.,
20 Kearny Street, Man I'ranclico, Cal.
When ordering please mention Call.
WEDDING
Invitations, Announcements, Cards, ejfc., EngraTed
I™* "ted. Correct style, low rates. 20 °£npies
SSilf 8 ** 1 ? M . for correct forrl - modern weddtmra"
maUedpostpald for 10 cents In stamps, • BRUNT*
Eto» tfujfxme, 535 Clay St., Baa J£»cUoo,Ob£THE
SUTTER STREET
MIRAGE
The azure dome is bright and clear
As fair Protection's skies appear;
And now the heights of noon have won
The fiery coursers ot the sun.
In dream of white the summer maid,
Like June personified arrayed,
Is out to catch the heavenly smile
Like brilliant candidate the while,
Who studies gesture, pose and speech,
The favor of the throng to reach.
But let Miss Junetime's dainty feet
Glide o'er the flags of Sutter street,
And lo 1 she starts in sheer amaze,
For there before her wondering gaze,
The glassy pavement sinks from view
'Neath waters of a silvery hue.
" Mirage 1" Miss Scientist would cry;
" Illusion !" but we pass her by —
'Tis there — the lake on pavement dry.
And affidavits by the score
Might prove the fact; but those who swore
Might get themselves in quarters tight
To tell what primed them for the sight.
But that, like Democratic cheer,
Of course, is neither there nor here.
Good General Barnes, who built a fence
Three stories high (he is immense
At stories), just to spite a foe
Who pitched his tent next door, you know —
Good General Barnes oft joys to see
From victory's height (up stories three)
That lake — the while it eager waits
To drag his foeman to the Fates.
'Tis said old college chums a few,
Full of good cheer and barley brew,
One morn, emerging from the club,
Gave limbs a stretch and eyes a rub,
And straight beheld — alarming sight 1
Their path all flooded overnight!
Said one: "B'gosh, this climate here
Is changing smartly year by year. . .
Blame me ! but not an age will go
Before we get a June-day snow."
Said Number Two: "I'm sobered quite 1
This thing has set my soul afright 1
There's little moisture in the air —
The sky is clear — and yet — look there !
The fact is, while we sang and drank,
A cyclone here has played a prank,
And thrown a fraction of the bay
Over the housetops, in its play,
To bury half of Sutter street,
And 'warn the erring, by that feat,
That life's uncertain, and we may —
Thought-swift — be swept in death away."
Said Number Three: "You're off the track,
Just let me kindly help you back !
Around Her
Feet a Bright Circle of
Scarlet Falls.
Steam gongs were blowing, the noon
hour was over and crowds of young men
and women were briskly walking back to
their work. At the corner of Birst and
Howard streets two young girls were
chatting in high spirits, and they were
pretty enough to cause heads all along the
street to turn, just as sunflowers follow
the course of the sun.
"My gracious, Mag," said one, an anx
ious look coming over her face.
"What's the matter?" demanded her
comrade.
"Stop! I tell you, atop!" This was the
illogical but forcible answer, and it was
emphasized by a spasmodic clutching at
Mag's sleeve, which pulled her to a stand
still all at once.
"What's the matter?" was again asked.
The sidewalks echoed back the rattling of
hundreds of feet First street was filling
rapidly and the suddenness of action on
the part of the two girls made the eyes of
all passers turn toward them.
"It is— it is my petticoat," groaned the
sufferer in an agony of mortification and
disgust.
Around her feet a bright scarlet circle
descended. It was indeed a flannel petti
coat which had broken from its fasten
ings, and it was the color of the girl's face
now.
"Pshaw," said the other, contemptu
ously, "is that all?" A dexterous whisk
and she had the offending garment under
her sacque. But she tittered in spite of
herself and the people on the street looked
tlie other way and smiled.
At least $720,000,000 worth of British
property is always on the aea.
Denman
Schoolchildren Use High-
Sounding Names.
• _____
General F. Frichetti, Duke E. Beers,
Duchess Olga Van Herman, Princess Mil
dred Natoma, Duchess Grace M. O. Ho
lighoff and James D. Zeling of South Af
rica made lip a portiou of a highly distin
guished party who recently enlivened
the State Bureau of Mining by their pres
ence. There were forty-one persons-alto
gether in the party, and they were all
very young, the eidest not exceeding 16
years. Their identity was disclosed by
the names and titles inscribed by them
on the register-book provided for public
use. Their Hignnesses and Graces com
ported themselves in a very democratic
way. They chatted gayly and laughed as
they wrote down their high-sounding ap
pellations, just as it they thought nothing
of being members of the nobility. Duchess
Olga confessed to a residence at the Pre
sidio.
Princess Natoma claimed to live in gay
Paris. Duchess Holighoff is from Berlin,
according to the entry made by her hand.
General Frichetti resides at the Baldwin
Hotel and Duke Beers at the Palace
Hotel.
When the other visitors to the bureau
heard of the party they looked respect
fully in their direction. They saw only a
■ rosy-cheeked, and jolly lot of young people
who had neither crown nor coronet nor
visible insignia of exalted state. A mid
dle-aged chaperon was with them. When
the chaperon said, "Uome, young ladies
and gentlemen, we will go," the party
dutifully obeyed. They were really a
delegation from the Denman School
making a visit to the bureau and the
titles were claimed by them in a spirit of
"josh."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
There is a mirage on Sutter street. It is th9re, despite the fact that an enemy of the muse, in verse so bad that it is funny,
and an artist, in sketches that rank even up with the verse in quality, have endeavored to bury the truth under gross exaggera
tions. It may be seen, on any sunny day, by looking from the sidewalk in front of Dugan's drugstore to the sidewalk about one
block east. General Barnes can bear witness to its existence, and that noble Bohemian, Dr. Chismore, has taken in the sight
many a time. Banker Hellman frequently contemplates the mirage, as he leisurely moves along the imitation marble sidewalks
of that street, and the phenomenon is quite familiar to Colonel Fred Crocker's observant gaze. The public, however, is duly
apprised that the mirage is no such startling affair as the pictures would seem to indicate. Doubtless the artist and the rhymester
were duly primed for just such worJE as they have done, and charity forbids the mention of the priming article.
The Man
That Did Not Like the
Vining System.
"Pare, please," was the perfunctory de
mand of the conductor of car 130 of the
Market- street line a few days since of a
man who had taken his seat on the inside
of the car.
And the man handed over what Mr.
Vining terms a "check for a transfer."
"No good," said the conductor. "You'll
have to go back and get a transfer."
"That's my transfer, and I won't go for
any other," was the curt reply of the
passenger, whose looks betokened that he
meant what he said.
"Then I'll fire you off," said the con
ductor, who at the same time gave the
gripman the bell to stop.
The passenger prepared to resist, the
lady passengers, fearing an encounter,
moved forward, and the circus began. The
conductor was strong, but the passenger
was stronger, and he could not be budged*.
The conductor took an underhold, with a
view to pick the passenger up and carry
him out. The passenger held on to tne
seat edge. There was a creaking of tim
ber, when another passenger jumped up
and, going on the platform, slid the door
and held it fast, so that no one could open
it from the inside.
This act, witnessed by a crowd that sur
rounded, was encouraged by cries of
"That's right; hold the door and don't let
them out," "Keep your seat, old man; we
won't let him put you off !"
The conductor called the gripman and
the two tried to slide back the door, but
they could not, for the man on the outside
held it with a grip equal to a lead-pipe
cinch.
Then a big policeman tried to get on the
platform to push the door-holder off, but
it was no use. the crowd would not let him
approach. Then he went to the front,
jumped into the grip space, and from there
worKed his way into the car and whis
pered into the conductor's ear.
There was a cessation of hostilities, the
conductor .pulled the bellstrap. the bell
struck two blows and the car moved on,
carrying with it the passenger who would
not give anything but his "check for a
transfer," the man on the platform released
his hold on the door-handle and the crowd
cheered and then groaned for Vining and
his checks.
. They Are
The Busiest Schoolchildren
In the World.
Five afternoons every week a procession
of Chinese boys to the number of about
twenty moves down Clay street, turns into
and passes along Dupont street for one
block, enters a building on Dupont street,
at the corner of Sacramento, and, after
moving in regular order up a flight of
stairs, is lost to view. This happens be
tween 2 and 3 o'clock with regularity as to
the time of appearance and disappearance.
The phenomenon provokes no comment
now among the Chinese, because they
understand what is meant by the passing
show, but it remains a spectacle to .pro
voke Caucasian curiosity.
The fact is that these children, having
attended the Chinese public school sup
ported by the City and County of San
Francisco, and having studied readinjr,
writing and other branches conducted in
English since morniug, are putting in
their afternoons undergoing a similar
course in Chinese reading and writing.
This gives them two periods of about
equal duration of study every day in the
week excepting Saturday and Sunday, so
tbat they perform about twice as much
mental labor of that sort as white children
of similar age.
They are very young, the oldest probably
not over 10 years. Some of them live at
South San Francisco, and others come
from remote parts of the City, so that
going to and from school and attending to
their studies occupies their time without
much respite from early in the morning
until about dusk. They are the sons of
Chinese merchants, who seem to be forcing
their progeny like hothouse plants in an
educational way. They are the busiest
school children in the world.
How Beautiful
The Anthurium Scherzeranium
and the Alsophila.
A bright young couple from Leaven
worth street were visiting the conserva
tory at Golden Gate Park. He hung
lovingly over plants with hard botanical
names, and she amused herself watching
the antics of the goldfish in the pool,
which, as they played under the glossy
leaves of" the lotus, seemed to her to be
"too cunning for anything."
"See," he said, "how beautiful are the
broad leaves of the Maranta zebrina, the
brilliant and peculiar flowers of the
Anthurium scherzeranium and the
Alsophila australis."
She answered not. Her cherry lips were
pouted ; her eyes were dreamy.
"What are you thinking of?" he asked,
with becoming softness.
"Oh !" she said, with a get-there Bort of
tone, "I was thinking what a cinch the
goldfish have— plenty to eat, nothing to do
and no one to bother them when they are
quiet."
She i» a typewriter, with a marked
strain of the new woman in her. He
looked pained and shocked.
The Mirage From Dugan's Drugstore
"One Morn, Emerging From the Club— "
" Declined the Tickets, Asked for Gold—"
What the Policeman Expected to Find-
The Fifth-Street Parrot Who Enjoys
His Pioe.
One Bush
That Bears Eight Varieties
of Roses.
In a sheltered back yard at 1918 Union
street there is an immense rose bush,
which looks like an enormous bouquet.
At the top on one side hang clusters of
pure white roses. In the middle at the
top are red roses, blooming in profusion.
Pink roses hang in gay garlands at the
top on the other Bide. All over the bush
are branches or roses of other lines and
colors. The delicate La France, the white
Mme. Planties, two varieties of Homer
roses, the Pauline Lebeau, the Black
Prince, the Castilian and the white La
marque lend variety and attest by their
prolific blooms to the virility of the stock
upon which they were grafted.
The owner of this rose bouquet is H. L.
Barker, who is connected with the State
Bureau of Mining. Once there were thir
teen distinct varieties of roses on the bush,
but the tea roses grafted on proved to be
short lived and only the hardier varieties
have survived. There are enough now,
eight in all, to make the bush a curiosity.
Mr. Barker's explanation is that he likes
to experiment with plants and this rose
bush is about fifteen years old. Branch
after branch has been grafted on. The
original stock is the June or cabbage rose.
The width at the top is not less than
twenty-five feet, and the height equals the
width. There are many stocks or trunks
springing from the roots. Carbon is
plentifully supplied to intensify the color
of the blossoms. Visitors look at and
wonder at the beautiful vision which has
been produced by patience and ingenuity
seconding nature's generosity.
Anl Only
Snores Vexed the Listening
Circumjacence.
"Terance McCloskey !"
A woman's voice smote the air shrilly.
Forth from behind a pile of lumber in the
hollow below the First-street hill, over
near the Mail dock, came a very small and
very dirty urchin.
"And what do you want Terance for?"
asked another shrill voice. '
"He do be tearing up Teddy McGlynn's
ball."
"Didn't neether," said the small boy.
"Oh, yer did, yer did," chorused half a
dozen other babes.
"Just be listenin' to him," said Teddy's
mother, "and don't he be tellin' it fine?"
Terance fled, and Teddy set up a howl
that was heard a block. Something must
be done, but what?
A barefooted gill, slim as a bean-pole,
whose open mouth revealed the loss of
most of her teeth, was equal to the occa
sion. She did not shout or call names,
not she. A dilapidated milk can was
hitched to a piece of bale rope, ana the
rope was put in Teddy's hand.
"Whoo, whoo, whool" screeched the
youngster. "Clear the track; bulgine's
comiii'."
Terance looked enviously out from be
hind a pile of lumber. The women were
pacified, and the snores of a man sleep
ing face downward on the soft side of a
plank alone vexed the listening air.
One Bottle
And the Weight of a Very
Large Trout.
Two young men around town were hold
ing an animated discussion in a restaurant
while they leisurely sipped their black
coffee and told stories.
"Tell you what," said one, "that was
hard luck that Harry had."
"How was that?"
"Well, you see, it was just this way. He
was down in Santa Clara County fishing.
He had a fine outfit and was meeting with
very poor luck until he got a bite from a
bouncing trout. Harry's eyes bulged out
when he pulled ana found out the nature
of his catch. He pulled and pulled and
just as the -fish came out of the water it
dropped back again. My, but wasn't Harry
madl No wonder, that fish weighed two
and a half pounds."
"Why, how is that? How did Harry
weigh the trout when he didn't have it in
his hands?"
"Oh, easy enough— by the scales on the
fish."
Dead silence, followed by an order for a
small bottle.
A Callow
Youth of the Period and a
Piece of Chalk.
Over near the Mail dock some wine
tanks are going up. The son of one of the
workmen is a brigtit boy in the third-grade
school. He lives near and dropped in
to see his father work. He had a piece of
white cualk in his hand.
"See tbat lad?" said the fond father
"He'll be some one when he grows up." ,
"Yes," assented his neighbor, approv
ingly.
The lad wrote something with his chalk
on a new tank.
"Look at that," said the father, "some
thing good, I know."
The two workmen inspected the inscrip
tion.
"Hot stuff."
That ia what the callow youth of the pe
riod, with dawning intelligence, had
placed on the vat.
THINGS
THAT HAPPEN IN
A CITY
You can't see what's to pay ? The deuce !
The sewer's crammed and broken loose !
It's being forced up hill, I think;
Step back ! We'll soon be on the brink;
It's horrible, you know, to get
You're brand new patent- leathers wet"
The clubmen then linked arms and strode
By circling route to safer road,
All arm in arm, and each impressed
That he was saving all the rest.
Their tale the first policeman heard,
And hastened floodward at the word
He found no lake nor stream at all.
" I'd like," he cried, "those dudes to maul.
Am I the victim of a wag?
Not much 1 The boys are on a jag.
It's seldom such a form It takes,
For, as a rule, it's toads and snakes.
It's new to walk a mile around
To keep from being dryly drowned."
The hungry poor oft bless the hand
That from the Parrott mansion grand •
Gives daily tickets by the score
Good in exchange for meals galore.
But once a man with brow of pain,
Appeared thereat with children twain,
Declined the tickets, asked for gold —
His folly was his comfort cold.
Wild-eyed he looked from left to right —
The strange mirage flashed on his sight!
"The stream for aye us three shall hide."
He madly rushed as thus he cried.
He leaps and falls along the stones,
Not one hair wet, but bruised the bones.
"He's daft," patrolmen soon expressed.
The ambulance then did the rest.
The fat man frying in the sun
Looked down the street where waters run,
And saw great crowds go wading through,
" Could I but move, I'd be there too."
And so the truth he never knew.
He melted quite ere fall of night,
Mocked by relief's mirage in sight
A Forty-niner, keen old man,
The wondrous sight he chanced to scan.
" Those pavements give a rare effect —
To see a stream you half expect.
But I have seen the bay recede
From old Montgomery, and I need
• No spectacles to prove that still
The waters keep their course down hill.
But, blank my eyes, if Grover C,
Or Grover's man, or party, be
This next campaign in power put back,
I'll grant the world is off its track,
That rivers up the hill can flow,
That false is true, and fast is slow,
And that mirage on Sutter street
Is water sure as I've got feet"
The Parrot
That Is Soothed by Fumes
of Nicotine.
Mrs. Margaret Burke is the proudest
woman south of Market street, and all be
cause she has a parrot that smokes. Mrs.
Burke resides on Fifth street, not far from
Howard, and her home has a front win
dow where the parrot is hung oat in his
cage and makes himself a general nuisance.
Of course Mrs. Burke don't mind this. In
fact, she seems to be rather proud of the
fact that her green screamer can cause her
neighbors so much annoyance.
It is over two years since Mrs. Burke got
her wonderful parrot. She has named him
Tip. From the first this creature showed
a good deal of the monkey's imitativeness.
He could talk very plainly with little in
struction, and at the same time he was
able to imitate the voices of several ani
mals in the neighborhood. When Tip
was at liberty in the room he began to do
the same things as he saw his mistress
doing. He would jump onto the dinner
table and make frantic efforts to use a
knife and fork. He would also try hard
to drink out of a bottle, which of course
convinced Mrs. Burke that she had a
treasure.
Mrs. Burke was of course proud of the
least thing that Tip would do, but when
he picked up a pipe one day and com
menced to smoke her joy knew no bounds
and she spent a great deal of time initiat
ing him into the various ways of holding
the mouthpiece. At present he is most
proficient and gets away with several
bowlfuls a day. Tip is really so attached
to his pipe that he has got to have it in
the morning before no has had his break
fast.
Tip's way of smoking is exactly like any
man's. The pipe is of course filled by
Mrs. Burke, although she expects to teach
him to do it himself in a short time.
Thirty-Two
Years of Service on the
Streetcars.
John Adams Cooper stood on theelectrio
car on the Brannan-street line and toyed
with his somewhat gray whiskers. He
had reason to smile, for he was celebrat
ing the thirty-second anniversary of be
ginning service as a carman on a street
line in San Francisco and the simultane
ous completion of thirty-two years of con
tinuous work on that line. His 62 years
rested lightly upon him, and be was gay.
"Yes," he said, "I think I am the long
est in continuous service of any streetcar
employe operating a car in San Francisco.
I came to California in 1852, and followed
a seafaring life up to 1864. Before I came
here I served in the Mexican War, on the
frigate Potomac, and also sailed on deep
sea voyages. Palling ropes was hard work,
and I came here. I have been running
between here and North Beach ever since
1864. If any one in town beats that record
I would like 1 1 hear who it is." Mr.
Cooper is a conductor now.
The Advance
Of the Pictorial Art in
San Francisco.
Pictorial art advances in San Francisco,
The ; very ; latest is four tintypes for a
nickel. An able-bodied man is traveling
the lower streets with a banner bearing a
device to that effect. A young man' and
his best girl can be "took" for 5 cents and
be ' preserved in their youthful beauty to
posterity at a price less than possible. .
■{• .. ,:;; -■.."';•■■ ~ — ♦' * > —* • '•
: Burrows— Did you ever meet a man down
there with one left named Wilson?
Furrows ; (doubtfully)— was the name
of his other leg?— Washington Evening Times.
1718
WONDERFUL TALES OF THE OCCULT== MAGIC BLACK AND WHITE.
Tautriadelta Tells of the Unearthly Marvels
He Has Seen in Africa.
A REAL MAGICIAN.
The Extraordinary Feats
of Levitation.
How an Aged Rain-Maker Passed
Through the Solid Walls
of the Hut.
A Pupil of the English Novelist
Tells Weird Stories of Un
seen Powers— Snakes That
Come From the Fire.
A real magician, English, well dressed,
with close-cropped hair and waxed-mus
taches, is a curious figure in the world
of to-day. There is one, though, in
England whom Mr. Stead, London editor
of the Keview of Reviews, and one time
editor oithe Pall Mall Gazette, believes so
strongly in that he gives him fifteen pages
of his magazine, Borderland, to recount
his weird experiences. Mr. Stead says:
The writer of the following extraordinary
fragment of antobiography is one of the most
remarkable persons I ever met. For more
than a year I was under the impression he
was the veritable Jack the Ripper— an im
pression which I believe was shared by the
police, who at least once had him under ar
rest, although, as he completely satisfied
them, they liberated him without bringing
him into court. • • • The matrician who
prefers to be known by his Hermetic name of
Tautriadelta, and who objects even to be
called a magician, will undoubtedly be re
garded by most people as Baron Munchausen
redivlvus. He has certainly traveled in many
lands and seen very strange scenes.
Tautriadelta was a pupil of Lord Lytton,
the novelist, says the New York "World.
He talks of exchanging bodies with his oc
cult friends as the rest of us would talk
about borrowing an overcoat. He describes
African rainmakers and the marvelous
feats of the Obeeyans as facts.
He says Rider Haggard's "She" is well
within the truth, and tells of exhibitions
of magic beside wnich the basket and
mango tricks of India are tame.
It is childish to suppose that we have
learned the half of what it is possible to
know about the laws of nature and tuman
life. A century ano the clearest-headed
people would have laughed at the idea of
electricity running tram cars.
Two rainmakers in the village of an
African king in what is now German terri
tory, the Hinterland of the Cameroon?,
Tautriadelta describes at length. This
was thirty years ago. There was a great
drought and all living things were vying
for rain.
Out of a sky of bras 3 these two men —
"one an old man, a stunted but sturdy
fellow, with bow l*gs, the other, about 30,
a magnificent specimen of humanity, six
feet in height, straight as a dart and with
the torso of a Greek wrestler, but a most
villainous face," at blazing noonday drew
torrents of rain.
Three thousand warriors surrounded
them, and failure meant death. Two
minutes after they finished their incanta- 1
tions, while the old man was still writhing j
in an epileptic fit on the ground, the f
clouds suddenly gathered and the thunder
storm broke.
"After it was over," says the writer, "I
visited the rainmakers, who were fort
unately allotted the next hut to mine. I |
found that they both spoke Soosoo and a !
little Arabic (which last they had picked j
up from the Arab slave-dealers of the in- I
terior), so we got on finely.
"By certain means, known to all occult
ists, I at once acquired their confidence,
and they agreed to show me what they j
could do. There was a fire on the ground |
in the center of the but, and we seated
ourselves around it at the three augles of
an imaginary triangle.
"Throwing some dried herbs and min
eral powders (all of which I carefully ex
amined and identified) into the fire, they
commenced singing and rocking them
selves backward and forward.
"This continued for a few minutes,
when, all risins to our feet, but keeping
the same relative positions, the old man
began making a 83ries of motions, like
mesmeric passes, over the fire. Almost
instantly the fire see,med alive with snakes,
which crawled out of the fire in scores,
and iv which I recognized the most deadly
serpent on the face of tne carth — the Afri
can tic-polonga. These brutes raced
madly round and round the fire, some en
deavoring to stand on their tails, hissing
loudly all the time, until it absolutely
produced the effect on the spectator of a I
weird dance of serpents. On the utter- I
ance of one Arabic monosyllabic word, I
the polongas hurled themselves into the
fire and disappeared.
"The younger man, who had hitherto
taken no active part, then opened his
mouth wide and a snake's head popped
out. He seized hold of it by the neck and
pulled out of his throat a tic-polonga be
tween two and three feet long and threw
it also in the fire. I said, 'Do it again,'
and he repeated the feat several times.
"It must be remembered that both men
were entirely naked at the time, excepting
for their feather head-dresses, so no clever
jugglery or sleight of hand was possible.
"The next t.ing was that the old man
lay down on tlie floor and told us to take
him by the head and the heels and raise
him up. This wa did to the height of
about three feet from the floor, he having
made himself perfectly rigid. We held
him tb re for a moment, and then he
sofily 'floated' out of our hands and sailed
right around the hut, I following him
closely. He then approached the wall.
feet first, and fairly floated through it into
the outside darkness. I immediately feit
of the soot where he bad gone through,
expecting to find a hole; but no, all was as
solid as stout beams oi timber and a foot
of sun-baked clay could make it. 1 rushed
outside to look for him, and even ran
around the hut, but, with the dark night
and heavy rain, I could see nothing of
him. So I returned, wet to the skin. The
other man sat by the fire alone, singing.
"In a few moments the old man came
floating in again and sat down at his point
of the triangle. But I noticed that the
feathers in his head-dress were dripping
wet and that his black skin fairly glistened
with rain."
Speaking of "She" Tautriadelta says:
"It strikes me as being not so much the
creation of a vivid imagination as the sim
ple recital, or, perhaps, one should say,
the skillful adaptation of facts well known
to those who penetrated the recesses of
the west coast of Africa a generation ago."
TAUTRIADELTA — The Modern Magician and Pupil of Bulwer Lytton in the
Occult Arts, Whom W- T. Stead Exploits in "Borderland "
Marvels of
Necromancy by Bhagats
of India.
Having thus given some account of the
deona, we now come to the bhaeat, called
by the Hindus sokha and sivnath. This
is the highest grade of ail, and, as I ought
to have mentioned before, the 'ilm
(knowledge) of both the deona and bhagat
grades is only to be learned by becoming
a regular chela of a practitioner; but I am
given to understand that the final initia
tion is much hastened by a seasonable
liberality on the part of the chela. Daring
the initiation of the sokha certain cere
monies are performed at night by aid of ■
human corpse. This is one of the thiug3
which has led me to think that this part at
least of these practices is connected with
lantric black magic,- says a writer in a
London magazine.
The bhagat performs two distinct func
tions — (first) a kind of divination called
bhao (the same in Hindi), and (second) a
kind of Shamanism called darasta in
Hindi and bharotan in Horokaji. which,
however, is resorted to only on very gi-ave
occasions — as, for instance, when several
families think they are bewitched at one
time and by the same najo.
The bhao is performed as follows: The
person havine some query to propound
makes a small dish out of a sal leaf and
puts in it a little uncooked rice and a few
pice; he then proceeds to the bhagat and
lays before iiirn the leaf and its contents,
I propounding at the same time his query.
The bhagat then directs him to go out and
gather two ftolaichi (varieties of Posinia)
flowers (such practitioners usually having
a golaichi tree close to their abode); after
, tb« flowers are brought the Ohagat seats
himself with the rice close to the inquirer,
and after some consideration selects one
of the flowers and, holding it by the stalk
at almost a foot from his eyes in his left
hand, twirls it between his thumb and
fingers, occasionally with his right hand
dropping on it a grain or two of rice. In
a few minutes hie eyes close and he begins
a talk — usually about things having noth
ing to do with the question in hand, but
after a few minutes of this he suddenly!
throws out an answer to the question, and
without another word retires. The iu
quirer takes his meaning as he can from
the answer, which, I believe, is always
ambiguous.
The bharotan, as I have above remarked,
is only resorted to when a matter of grave
import has to be inquired into. The
bhagat makes a high charge for a seance
of this description. We will fancy that
three or four families in a village con
sider themselves bewitched by a najo, and
they resolve to have recourse to a bkaeat
to find out who the witch is. With this
view a day is fixed on. and two delegates
are procured from each of five neighbor
ing villages, who accompany the afflicted
people to the house of the bhagat, taking
with them a dali, or offering, consisting
of vegetables, which, on arrival, is formally
presented to him. The delegates are
posted at each of the four points of the
compass and the other two seat them
selves with the two afflicted parties to the
right of the bhagat, who occupies the
center of the apartment with four or five
cbelas, a clear space being reserved on the
left. One chela then brings a small earth
enware pot full of lighted charcoal, which
is set before the bhagat with a pile of
mango wood chips and a ball composed
of dhunia, gur (treacle), and ghee (clari
fied butter), and possibly other ingredients.
The bhagat's sole attire consists of a
scanty lenguti (waistciotb), a necklace of
the iarge wooden beads such as are usu
ally worn by fakirs, and several garlands of
golaichi flowers round his neck, his hair
being unusually long and matted. Beside
him, stuck in the ground, is hi* staff.
One chela stands over the firepot with a
bamboo-mat fan in his nand, another takes
charge of the pile of chips and a third
of the bail of composition, and one or two
others st-at themselves behind the bhagat,
with drums and other musical instru
ments in their hands. All bein 6 - in readi
ness the afflicted ones are requested to
*tate their grievance. This they do and
pray the bhagat to call before him the
n*jo who has stirred up the spirits to
afflict them, in order that he may be pun
ished. The bhagat then gives a sign to
bis cbelas, those behind him raise a
furious din with their instruments, the
fire is fed with chips and a bit of the com
position is put on it from time to time,
producing a volume of thick, grayish-blue
smoke. This is carefully fanned over and
toward the bhagat, who, when well
wrapped in smoke, closes his eyes and
quietly swaying nis body begins a low
chant.
The chant gradually becomes louder, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 181)6.
sway of his body more pronounced, until
he worts himself into a state of complete
frenzy. Then with his body actually
quivering and his head rapidly working
about from side to side he sings in a loud
voice how a certain najo (whom he names)
had asked money of those people and was
refused, and how he stirred up certain
spirits (whom he also names) to hunt
them, how they killed so and so's bullocks,
some one else's sheep and caused another's
child to fall ill. Then he begins to call on
the" najo to come and answer tor his doings,
and in doing so rises to his feet— still com
manding the najo to appear; meanwhile
he reels about, then falls on the ground and
is quite still except for an occasional wince
and a muttered, "I see him; he is com
ing!" This state niav last for an hour or
more till at last the bhagat sits up and an
nounces that the najo has come. As he
says so a man apparently mad with drink
rushes in and falls with his head toward
the bhagat, moaning and making a sort
of snorting as if half stifled. lathis per
son the bewitched parties recognize a
neighbor, and sometimes a relation ; out
whoever he may be they save bound
themselves to punish him. The bhagat
then speaks to him and tells him to con
fess, at the same time threatening him, in
case of refusal, with his staff. He then
confesses In a half-stupefied manner, and
| his confession tallies with what the bhagat
has told in his frenzy. The najo is then
dismissed, and runs out of the house in the
I same hurry as he came in.
To Learn
the Arts of Antiquity.
The announcement that the Theosophi
cal Society of America will soon lay the cor
nerstone of a college wherein the mysti
cal arts and sciences will be taught is one
of the biggest pieces of news that has been
flashed across the wire from New York re
cently, and has awakened a great deal o!
interest and curiosity from all quarters.
The information in the press dispatches
was meager enough, and may well be sup
plemented by the following data contained
in a private letter to a member of the so
ciety in this city.
In regard to the school of occultism,
says the writer, the following official an
nouncement was made by C. F. Wright:
The real founders of the Theosophical Soci
ety are preparing to found a school for the re
vival oi the lost mysteries of antiquity in
which those who have served their time in the
lesser mysteries or the preceding degree
namely, in the discipline of the soul and the
service of humanity— may enter the greater
mysteries and become masters indeed by evolv
ing to higher planes of knowledge and power,
on the one condition that such power and
knowledge stiall be devoted unreservedly and
forever to the service of humanity. To carry
out this purpose funds will be solicited, a suit
able site procured and buildings erected, when
the aim and possibilities of such an un
dertaking shall have became apparent to those
who have the power and tlie disposition to
Carry it into effect. Thin grand object will be
achieved with certainty through the diffusion
of reel knowledge regarding tlie origin, nature
and destiny of man by the Theosophical So
ciety.
Tautriadelta, the English Magician, Watching the Ascent of tha Ancient Rainmaker Through the Solid Walls of the Hut-
The Child Wonder of a
Strange Land.
An Audience With the Dalai
Lama in the Heart of
Thibet.
HE KNOWS EVERYTHING.
*A Boy of Eight Years, With the
Wisdom of Sazes, Who Says
the Science of Numbers
Is an Illusion. /
Christian countries such aa this have so
vague an idea of Thibetan culture and
particularly of occult science in Thibet
that the account which the German
scholar, Professor Heinrich Hensoldt,
jjives of his experiences in the land of
Buddha will be regarded by the many as
mere fiction. He visited the city of Lhasa,
and there, after much patient waiting,
and aided by strong Buddhistic influences,
he was granted an audience with the Dalai
Lama, tha chief of tue Buddhist hierarchy.
The Dalai is always a child of very tender
age, seldom over 12 years. A new Dalai is
usually a child of 5 or 6 years of age, which,
being chosen from among the people, is
solemnly installed and proclaimed the
most holy incarnation of Buddha, and
"from that moment seem 3 to partake of
the knowledge and power of the great
teacher of transcendental wisdom." Pro
fessor Hensoldt had bten informed that the
Dalai was a feeble-minded puppet in the
hands of a crafty clique. He says he
found him a boy 8 years old, with eyes
that sent astonishment and awe through
the beholder. The Dalai addressed Hen
soldt in the latter' 3 own native German
dialect, which he could not have acquired
by any process known to ordinary mor
tals. Furthermore, the professor had
taken special precautions to conceal his
nationality. Th« Dalai fathomed his vis
itor's inmost thoughts. His knowledge of
science was profound. In speaking of
time, the Dalai said it was a "mere illu
sion," and he sought to show that mathe
matics, the most stabie of sciences, was
based on the "airy fabric of a vision."
"There is no such thing as time," he
said. "It is an illusion, like the concep
tion of space. Yoa say that time is a suc
cession of events. How, if it can be shown
that there are no events and that every-
thing is illusion ? What is a century, what
is a year, what iB a day? You say that a
day is the time this planet requires for
rotating once around its axis, lake the
equator of thi3 earth, divide it into
twenty-four equal parts, build a house at
each of these points; what would be the
result? Why, according to your logic, you j
would have an hour's difference in time i
in each of these twenty-four houses. Now, j
imagine these houses ten degrees farther j
north; you would then have them much j
closer together, yet there still uou.d be an \
hour's difference in oath; and, finally I
imagine these houses so close around the
north pole that they form a complete i
circle and are in actual contact — still there j
would be an hour's difference of time in
each. If it is 12 o'clock in one house, it is
1 o'clock in the house tv the right and 11
o'clock in that to the left. If the houses
! were all connected by doors you could run
in five minutes through a hundred years
of time. In fact, you could recall the past
and step into the vanished centuries by
merely running in the oupo-ite direction.
On the other hand, you could banish time
completely and enforce an everlasting
; present by stepping into the next house
i the moment the hour was on the point of
| expiring; thus you could always have it
lat 12 o'clock. Indeed, by stepping to the
pole itself, even this small exertion
becomes Superfluous, because there is
I absolutely no time there,"
In regard to the science of mathematics
the Dalai described it as another illusion,
proceedin g thus:
"What is mathematics based upon? On
a hypothetical assumption, viz., the num-
ber oirt, which has no existence. This may
seem a new truth to you, but it is as old
as the eternal stars. What is your num
ber one? It must relate to some existing
object, for all abstract conceptions are
ideal and therefore unreal. What, then,
is one? Is it a stone, a tree, an animal?
That stone, tree or animal will not be the
same to any two persons on this planet,
because no two minds are alike; besides,
j the stone which you see to-day is not the
i stone which you beheld yesterday, for
even since yesterday your mind has
undergone changes, however slight, and
your world is no longer the same. Mathe-
matics, then, is based on something
which has no tangible or even definable
existence, and when you come to consider
it a little more closely you will find it full
of contradictions, incongruities and ab
surdities.
"For instance, can you imagine the
possibility of approaching an object for
ever and ever" without the remotest
SIR EDWARD BULWER LYTTON, Author of "Zanoni" and Other Tales of the
Occult, and Master of the Modern Mage, Tautriadelta.
chance of reaching it? Yet this is what i
your infallible science of mathematics
teaches you. Let us suppose that you
owe even a single rupae and that you
arrange to discharge this debt by paying
half of the rupee to-morrow, one-fourth
the day after, one-eightu the next day,
etc., always paying haif of what you dis
bursed on the day previous. You might
go on paying day after day for millions of
years and you would never pay off that
rupee. Of course this is a truth which
some of your mathematical prodigies will
pronounce self-evident, yet it involves a
profound mystery, and it illustrates the
fallacy of your science of numbers. Here
you are everlastingly adding fraction to
fraction and piling up particles of silver to
all eternity without the remotest pos
sibility of its ever reaching the amount of
one rupee. Imagine it if you can. Each
payment brings you a little nearer the
goal, but you never reach it. Doeb this
not prove that your wonderfully exact
science is illusion?"
The Dalai Lama finally declared, "We
do not 'reason out' things, but 'see' them,
and there is no such thing a3 doubt or un
certainty iv the 'world behind the cur
tain.' "
A College for
the Study of Occultism.
Ernest T. Hargrave, president of the
Theosophical Society in America, has also
spoken on the subje6t of the proposed col
lege for the revival of the lost occult arts
of antiquity, and in an interview the
other day dpclared his intention of visiting
the site of the proposed institution upon
his return from a tour around the world.
About the college in particular, Mr. Har
grove said:
The statement made by Mr. Wright, pointing
to the opening of a school for the revival of the
old mysteries I know to be true, and it only
needs time to bring it to a fruition. The time
has come and nothing in nature can Rrevent
its accomplishment and now that the old souls
are coming Uank it is absolutely necessary to
have this school.
Look at tht past and see Egypt, its rise and
fall; the decay of other empires; see some of
the Europ2au countries on the verge of crum
bling, and thin turn to America in the heyday
of its youth. It has not yet reached its turn
ing point, but in the next few years we may
expect a big development. The future of this
country is a great one, and I look to this
country as the nucleus of a race which Is to
follow the present race, when man will have
realized the universal brotherhood.
It was announced that no money would
be taken In exchange for teaching in the
s'cbool, the tuition in which woulil be abso
lutely free and for those only who were
"duly and truly prepared." About $35,000
in cash has been contributed already.
How Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton Appeared
in the Astral Light at Paris.
Tales of
Savages Who Kill by
Black Magic.
Having lived thirty year 9on the Nil
giris, employing the various tribes of the
hills on my estates, and speaking their
languages, I have had many opportunities
of observing their manners and customs,
writes Mrs. E. H. Morgan in the London
Theosophist, and of witnessing the fre
auent practice of demonoloey and witch
craft among them.
On the slopes of the Nilgiris live several
semi-wild people— the Curumbers, who
frequently hire out to neighboring estates
and are first-rate fellers of forest; the
Toim, or Honey Curumbers, who live
largely on honey hnd roots and who do
not come into civilized parts, and the
Mulu Curumbers, who are rare on the
slopes of the hills, but common in Wy
naad, lower down the plateau. These
Mulu Curumbers are credited with con
trolling power over all wild animals.
I had on my estates, near Ootacamund,
thirty young Badagas whom I had in my
service since they were children. From
week to week I missed One or another of
them and on inquiry was told they had
sickened and died. One market day I
met the Moneghar of the village to which
these young men belonged. The moment
he saw me he stopped me and said,
"Mother, I am in great sorrow and tronble,
tell me what 1 can do?"
"Vv'hy, what is wrong?" I asked.
"All my young men are dying, and I
cannot help them nor prevent it. They
are under the spell of the wicked Curum
uers, who are killing them."
"Pray explain," 1 said.
"Oh, madam, they are vile extortioners,
always asking for money. We have given
and given till we have no more to give. I
told them we had no more money, and
they said, 'All right— we shall see!' Surely
as they say this we know what will fol
low. At night when we are all asleep we
wake up suddenly and 6ee a Curumber
standing in our midst — in the middle of
the room occupied by the young men."
"Why do you not close and bolt your
doors?" I asked.
"What is the use of bolts and bars to
them? They come through stone walls.
Our doors are secure, but nothing can
keep out a Curumber. He points his
finger at Madu, at Kurira, at Jogie; he
utters no word, and as we look at him he
vanishes! In a few days these three young
men sicken, a low fever consumes them,
their stomachs swell; they die. Eighteen
young men, the flower of my village, have
died thus this year. These effects always
follow the visit of a Curumber at night."
•■Why not complain to the Govern
ment?" I said.
•'Ah, no use; who will catch them? We
murt find the money somehow, I sup
pose," and he turned sorrowiully away.
A Mr. X ■ is the owner of a coffee
plantation, and employs burghers. On
one occasion he took seven or eight
burghers along with him on a hunting ex
pedition for big game. He severely
wounded a fine elephant "with tusks.
Wishing to secure the ivory, he followed
up his quarry, but could not induce his
burghers to go deeper into the forests, for
they feared -to meet the Mulu Curumbers
who lived there. By dint of threats and
bribes he finally induced them to proceed
cantiously, and as they met no one their
fears, were allayed and they grew Dolder,
when, suddenly coming upon the elephant
lying dead— oh, horror to them !— the beast
was surrounded by a party of Mulu Curum
bers, busily engaged in cutting out the
tusks, one of which they had already dis
engaged. The frightened burghers fell
back, and nothing would induce them- to
approach toe elephant, which the Curum
bers declared was theirs. They had killed
it, they said.
But Mr. X was not to give up the
game in this fashion. He approached the
Curumbers threateningly with his gun
and compelled them to retire, and called
to bis burghers at the same time. The
Curumbers only said, "Just you dare to
touch that elephant," and retired.
Mr. X thereupon cut out the remain
ing tusk himself, and slinging both on a
pole with no little trouble, made his men
carry them. He took ati the blame on
himself, showed them they did not touch
the tusks, and finally deolared he would'
stay there all night rather than lose them.
The idea of a night near the Mala Curum
bers was too much for the burghers, and
they finally took up the Doles and tusks
and walked home.
From that day those men, all but one.
who probably carried the gun, sickened,
walked about like specters, doomed, pale
and ghastly, and before the month was
out all were dead, with the one exception.
MYSTIC NEOPHITE.
An Empty Armchair Is
filled by a Shadow.
The English Magician Tells of
His Initiation Into the
Secret Arts.
What Was Seen in an Egg-Shaped
Crystal— The Master Stood in
the Sacred Pentagon of
Red Chalk.
Tantriadetta writes a description of his
first interview with Lord Bulwer Lytton
for Mr. Stead's "Borderland." "I was
always, as a boy, lond of everything per
taining to mysticism, astrology, witch
craft and -what is commonly known as the
occult sciences," he says. "I read 'Zanoni'
with great zest, but I am afraid with very
little understanding, and longed exces
sively to know its author, little dreaming
that I should one day be the pupil of this
great magist, .Bulwer Lytton— the one
man of modern times for whom all the
systems of ancient and modern macism
and magic, white and black, held back no
secrets.
"It was in :he winter after the publica
tion of the weird, strange story, in which
the master attempted to teach the woid
many new and important truths under
the veil of fiction, that I made the ac
quaintance at Paris of young Lytton, the
son of the then Sir Edward. He was at
that time, I suppose, about ten years my
senior, and though passionately attached
to his father, who was both father and
mother to him, did not share my intense
admiration and enthusiasm for his mystic
studies and his profound lore.
"Anyhow, in the spring following, he
presented me to his lather as an earnest
student of occultism. I was then about
22 years of age. and I suppose Sir Edward
was attracted to me partly by my irre
pressible hero-worship, of which he was
the object, and partly because he saw that
I possessed a cool, logical brain, had iron
nerve, and above all, was genuinely, ter
ribly in earnest,
"I remember that the first time he con
descended to teach me anything, he
seated me before an egg-shaped crystal
and asked me what I saw therein. For
the first ten minutes I saw nothing, and
I was somewhat discouraged, thinking that
he would blame me for my inability, but
presently to my astonishment and deiight
I very plainly descried moving figures of
men and animals. I described the scenes
a 9 they came 'into view, and the events
that were transpiring; when, to my in
tense satisfaction— and I am afraid self
glorification—he said, 'Why, you are a
splendid fellow! You are just what I
want.'
"He then asked me if I would really
like to seriously study magism under his
guidance. His words on this point are as
fresh on my memory as ever. He said :
" 'Remember, my boy, it will be very
hard work, fatiguing to body and brain.
There is no royal road, nothing but years
of study and privation. Before you can
conquer the powers you will have to
achieve a complete victory over Self— in
fact, become nothing more nor less than
an incarnate intellect. Whatever knowl
edge you may gain, whatever powers you
may acquire, can never be used for your
advancement in the world, or for your per
sonal advantage in any way. Even if you
obtain the power of a king and the knowl
edge of a prophet, yoa may have to pass
your life in poverty and obscurity. They
will avail you nothing. Weigh well my
words. Three nights from this I will call
you!'
"On the third evening I never left my
rooms after dinner, but lit my pipe and
remained anxiously awaiting Sir Edward's
arrival. Hour after hour passed, but no
visitor. I determined to sit up all night,
ii need be, feeling that he would come.
"And he aid, but not in the way I ex
pected. I happened to look up from the
book which I was vainly attempting to
read and my glance fell upon the empty
armchair at the other side of the fireplace.
Was I dreaming or did I actually see a
filmy form, scarcely more than a shadow,
apparently seated there ? I awaited develop
ments and watched. Second by second tne
film grew more dense, until it became some
thing like Sir Edward. I knew then it
was all right and sat etUl while the form
grew more and more distinct, until at last
it was apparently the master himself sit
ting opposite to me — alive and in propria
persona. I instantly arose to shake hands
with him, but as I got within touching dis
tance he vanished instantly. I knew then
that it was only some variety of the Scin-
Ljeca that I had seen. It was my first ex
perience of this and I stood there in doubt
what to do.
"Just then his voice whispered close to
my ear, so close that I even felt his warm
breath, 'Come!' I turned sharply round,
but, of dburse, no one was there.
"I instantly put on my hat and great
coat to go to his hotel, but when I got to
the corner of the first street, down which I
should turn to get there, nis voice said,
'Straight on.' Of course I obeyed im
plicitly. In a few minutes raora, 'Cross
over'; and, so guided, I came where he
was. Where matters not; but it was cer
tainly one of the last places in which I
should have expected to find him.
"I entered. He was standing ia the
middle of the sacred pentagon, which he
had drawn on the floor with red chalk,
and homing in his extended right arm the
baguette, which was pointed toward me.
Standing thus he asked me If I had duly
considered the matter and bad decided to
enter upon the course. I replied that my
mind was made up. He then and there
administered to me the oaths of a neo
phyte of the Hermetic Lodge of Alexan
dria — the oaths of obedience and secrecy."
Advice by Proxy.
She— WhatT The doctor suggested that I
ride a wheel? The idea! lie never said any
thing like that to me!
He— No; he didn't care to say so to you; but
he told me that no matter how ridiculous you
might look it would do you good.
In St. Louis.
"1 suppose you hotel men are at your wits'
end where to put the delegates to the National
Convention?"
"Not at all! It's maklna- room for the candi
dates that bothers us."— New York Herald.THEY'RE ALL
MAISON DORÉS
The most famous restaurant in the
world to-day is the Maison Dore, on the
corner of the Boulevard dcs Italiens and
the Rue Lafitte, in Paris, France. It was
started something like a century ago, and
has been growing in favor ever since. The
result of this fame has been to cause many
other restaurants in different parts of the
world to use the same name. • In fact
there are few cities in America without a
Muaon Dore. Some of the institutions
have been well worthy of the cognomen,
but others are the height of incongruity.
To be sure, the Maison Dore that once did
business in this town was an institution
that the founder of the House of Gold
might well be proud of, but some of the
others that are scattered over the South
west are enough to cause the famous ca
terer to turn over in his grave if such a
thing is possible.
The famous restaurant in Paris is the
highest-priced place where food is served
in the world, and as a consequence the
patrons belong to the nobility of Europe
and the commercial "kings" of the United
States. Th« managers take pride in say
ing that they can serve anything in the
world at any time, whether it is in season
or not. The regular table d'hote dinner
that is served each day is 100 francs, or
about $20. If one has things cooked to or
der the bill can amount to almost any
sum one wants to make it. If guests wish
they can have wines served to them at
$100 a bottle and can order strawberries in
midwinter when the ground outside is
covered with snow, and pay $5 to $10 a
plate for them. The decorations on the
walls of the private and public dining
rooms are by the best artists in France
and cost several fortunes. The table
service is all of the finest Sevres china and
the most magnificent cut-glass and silver
to be obtained, regardless of price. Taken
on the whole, the place has been declared
by epicures to be the grandest eating-place
on the face of the globe.
In strong contrast to the place just men
tioned is the Maison Dore that has been
at Gallup, N. Mex., for many years. Gallup
is a mining town, so the customers are not
the best dressed in the world, but they are
fully in keeping with the place in which
they take their meals. This establishment
is in one of the most dilapidated shanties
to be found on the continent. The cash
value of it would not be much more than
$2 50, and the chances are it would De diffi
cult to obtain that much unless somebody
was badly in need of kindling wood.
The outside of the place is bad enougii,
but the inside is beyond description. In
one corner there is a rough wooden bar,
behind which all of the cooking is also
done. There is no floor, except the ground,
and three benches made of unpianed planks
do duty as tables. A few old nailkegs an
swer for chairs.
The cooking done here is something
awful. In fact it is not cooking at all; it
is simply crime the way food is served,
and yet if people look at the outside of the
building they will see a sign that is well
painted in gold and black containing the
w >rds "Maison Dore." The sign really
FURTHER STUDIES OF THE CALIFORNIA SNAKE BY THOSE WHO HAVE MET HIM
A Monster
That Is Fiercer Than the
Lust for Gold.
Told by Arthur S. Clarke.
Old residents of that section of San Diego
Jounty whose homes are contiguous to the
tastern slope of Smith Mountain asserted that
in unusually large and ferocious-looking
>phidian had his home somewhere in that
•Thood. As many tales were told of
ilm as there were natives of that region. The
i-nost authentic description of the reDtile comes
from Thomas Palmer of Ontario, an old-time
resident of San Diego County, who is responsi
»U for the following contribution to current
make literature:
"I was prospecting at the head of a deep
■anyon," began Mr. Palmer, "and in looking
or 'color' in the gravel of tbe dry creek bed I
*as startled by noticing a trail that looked as
f it might have been made by dragging a
arge pole in a zigzag course over the sand. I
allowed it up the side of the canyon and down
mother, when the trail was suddenly lost in a
arge crevice in the rocks. This was about ten
eet Delow me. Lying down on the rocks I
■tuck my head over the cliff, and in so doing
oosened a small boulder that started crashing
lown through the brush.
"As I looked I began to feel my hair rise, and
he shivers crept up and down my spine as if I
»ad the ague. There was projected out of that
device below me the most hideous-looking
make's head I ever saw. The biggest kind of
i rattler wasn't even a small episode compared
cith it. The head was raised at least two feet
ibove the ground, as if in a listening attitude.
t was almost round, and must have been five
>r six inches broad, with massive jaws and
parkling eyes that seemed unusually large
or the rest of its physiognomy. From the up
>er jaw two vicious white fangs protru'l. d.
Vhen the reptile's mo^th was shut these fangs
till projected an inch below the lower jaw,
.n<l were hooked like a cat's claw.
"As much as six feet of the snake's body was
xposed to view; how much whs under the
ock can only be conjectured. It was of a light
•rown color, and looked to be seven inches in
tiameter in the largest part visible.
'•I had no weapon with me, and I wasn't
•ankering to find out how much of the snake
ras concealed. The derned thing fixed its
:orrible eyes on me and began to glide up the
aountaiii side. As I hadn't lost any snakes I
lsu glided.
"There's 'pay dirt' in the canyon, but it is
oo well guarded for me ever to get any of it."
— • : —
An Awful
Night With an Unknown
Kind of Reptile.
The Experience of Charles W. Bell.
Fifteen years ago, when Pasadena was still a
olony, two young men, E. E. Fordham and
:harlcs W. Bell— the latter of whom is now a
cputy in the County Supervisors' office—
rected a small tent and went to ''batching"
a the midst of a wild stubble field, where now
os one of the principal residence streets of
asadena and almost upon the very spot where
iauds the palatial residence of the late Frank
i. Valletta
The boys swung in their hammocks, sus
eruled under two stun ted. apricot trees, until
ite, and went to bed without a light.
Suddenly in the night young Bell was awak
ned by a strange feeling of suffocation. His
nest seemed burdened with a heavy weight,
hich made breathing almost impossible; his
mbs were rigid and he felt a' cold perspira
ion breaking out from every pore of his body,
panted by a prickling sensation of hor
)r and a nausea, for which, in his half-uncon
:ious condition, he could not account. As
c gathered his wits somewhat he believed
lmstlf suffering from some terrible night
iart.\ Exerting all his will power he raised
is arm to break the spell and throw off, if
Visible, the terrible oppression on his chest,
'bun what was his horror at finding his hand
cost many times
the price of the
building and con
tents. One of the
une xplainable
things about this
place, though, is
that very good raw Eastern oysters could
be had at all hours of the day or night.
There are numerous Maison Dores in
Texas, but some of them are only ordi
nary restaurants. At a place called
Puerco, however, there is one that must
be considered in the same class as the one
at Gallup. It is only a board shanty in
which a Chinaman serves some of the
worst food that was ever cooked.
The Maisoa Dore in Tucson, Arizona,
is really quite a famous eating-house and
the food is not bad when you consider the
location of the place. But the building
and the table service is almost enough to
mate a person go hungry until he gets
used to it. To begin with, the building is
an old adobe structure not in the best of
repair. The outside walls are dirty in the
extreme and the inside is most uninviting.
Old creaking rickety chairs are making
efforts to stand upright on a floor that is
made of the roughest kind of boards and
warped all out of shape. The table service
need not be described.
The most incongruous Maison Dore in
California was for many years in a small
town called Havila. It was nothing more
nor less than a miner's cabin fitted up
with a few tables and chairs. The pro
prietor and chef was one of the blackest
Africans to be found in the State, and the
food he served was so bad that nearJy all
of hi 3 customers were a crowd of the lowest
foreigners that ever came to this country.
Maison Dore has always been a favor
lte name for restau-^^H
rants in California. l
and they can beM
found in nearly ev-B
cry town in the State. l
Of the whcle lot ln l
existence to-day,H
there is not one withH
anything about it to l
suggest the sourceß
from which it tookß
its name. They areß
all titted in a very I
common style, andH
the way they servtM
food has not hin. -H
about it to make <ku-H
think he is feastineM
in the palace of tiu-B
Boulevards dcs Italiens in Paris.
It would be interesting to know why
the proprietors of so many places have se
lected the name. Do they really have any
idea of the kind of place the original
Maison Dore is, or do they simply take ,
the name because it looks nice? There is I
no doubt but that the name Maison Dore j
i^ the most popular restaurant cognomen
in this country, and it really looks to a
person who has even seen only the out
side of the original place as if the copyists
selected it as a joke.
in contact with the huge, cold and slimy body
of an immense snake, which had coiled itself
upon bis body, and, in the boy's fright, as-
Isumed the proportions of an anaconda.
With a shriek of terror and with a super
' human effort he sprang from his bunk and
i flung the writhing creature from him. His
Jeompanion, who had been but lightly sleeping,
y awoke at his friend's cry and hastily struck a
light, and the terrified boys saw a long back
-snake slowly writhing its way toward an open
ing in the side of a tent. Young Bell, who was
something of an athlete, seized an Indian club
near his bench, and with unerring aim crushed
the serpent's head. The snake measured 4
leet 5 inches, and was of a species seldom seen
in this locality. Mr. Bell still has its skin,
which he shows his friends when he some
times relates this anecdote, and vividly re
tains the memory of what he considers one of
the most frightful experiences of his boyhood.
A Rattlesnake
That Was Led Through the
Streets of Pomona.
Related by S. M. Hoskel!.
A few days ago a Mexican was exhibiting on
the streets of Pomona a rattlesnake that he
had captured in one of the neighboring can
yons. He was leading the snake around by a
cord of horsehair fastened about its neck and
tied to the end of a sharp rod or walking-stick.
Some Mexicans are experts at catching rat
tlers. They always take them alive if they
can, and they seldom fall, for it is a lively
snake that can escape them when they are
armed for the fray.
If they cannot sell their captive alive they
kill it and sell the skin at a good price for a
hatband or a belt. The make in question was
a rare specimen. It was about three feet long,
plump and sleek and almost as black as coal.
Nobody had ever seen a black rattler before.
One man declared that it was no rattlesnake
because it was black.
One of the interested spectators, who had
been looking the snake over carefully but had
said nothing, was Jacob Moreucy. an old
mining prospector \\ ho has traveled over
nearly all of the mineral regions of Southern
California and Mexico. The man who scouted
the idea of a rattlesnake being black turned to
Morency and said : "What do you think about
it, Jake?"
"Well," said the latter, "you'd better not let
him bite you, unless you're ready to pay your
debts, say your prayers and die; for he's a
rattler all right enough. A rattlesnake is not
like a chameleon exactly— they cau't change
their color in the twinkling of an eye— but they
are of a greater variety of colors than cows are.
I have seen them of every color imaginable,
and always of the same color as the soil or
rocks in which they are found, and the
diamond-shaped spots on their sides and back
are sometimes lighter and sometimes darker
than ihe rest. I once saw a rattlesnake, caught
in a canyon in Lower California, near fcan
Fernando, that was almost as black as
jet, and the diamond spots were lined
with white. Two years ago I killed a
rattler in Paria Valley, In Northern Arizona,
that was three and a half feet long and of a
deep red color, with diamonds of jet black. I
think it »as the handsomest snake I ever saw.
I have his skin yet. Tn another valley not
more than forty miles from there I saw rattle
snakes as yellow as ocher, with reddish dia
monds. Brown rattlesnakes with dark spots
are the most common. But the queerest look
ing rattler I ever saw c. friend of mine and I
caught in Lower California five or six years
ago. We were riding along the western coast
of the peninsula about opposite Guadalupe
when* we came upon a rattlesnake as white as
milk, with faint black lines outlining the dia
mond spots. It was the only white one I ever
saw, though I have seen many very light col
ored. It had simply taken on the color of the
white rocks aud sands where it lived. We cap
tured it alive and took it to San Diego and sold
it for $25 to a man named King, who was gath
ering rare specimens of reptiles and insects
for some Eastern institution."
Pomona, Cal., May 29, 15»0.
THE SAN FRAIN CISCO CALL, SUXDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
OLD ENGLISH TAVERN SIGNS.
One of the most curious results of the
modern decline of sign-painting is that >
the old name of some village is associated j
with an entirely fresh design — a design
which hopelessly obliterates the original
meaning. A very common example of '■
this is the sign of the "Lion and the j
Fiddle," merely a blunder of the last ]
painter from "Cat and Fiddle," but even i
then its derivation is not easy to see. j
There is no immediate connection in ;
The Plumas
County Python Seen by a
Truthful Man.
Been by Jack Fogarty and Told by Marcy.
Every heart has its silent sorrow, and Jack
Vbgarty ol Quincy, Pluiuas County, was no ex
ception to the rule. Pioneer, stage-driver,
freighter and miner, a walking encyclopedia
of turf records and genealogy, and a truthful
man, he had been given a sight of the improb
able and the world had cast discredit on his
statements and brought bitterness to hishenrt.
While hunting for grouse on Clareraont his
attention was drawn to a furrow in the dusty
trail, "as if some one had drug a calf acrost it.
I thought," Bald he, "it was a bar or cougar
had drug a deer into the thicket, and I follered
it to the edge of the brush an' looked in. Tiiar
around a log I see twisted something yaller
an' black an' 'slarge round as a pickle keg. I
started round the end of the brush, whar I
could git a better look, when ri?ht in front of
me, sticking up seven or eight feet over the
tops of the bushes, was a snake's head an' part
of his body a-movin' to one side an' the
other, his head as big as a waierpail,
an' his tongue like the forks of a saplin' stick
ing out an' him a-hissin'. I don't tat i no truck
in snakes, nohow, an' I made tracks fer my
cabin, an' I was mighty skeery of that place
after that. Figgerin? up what 1 seen above
the brush an' ou the log, that thar snake was
nigh on forty feet long. The Injuns seen his
tracks, too. an' tole me so. Why doesn't some
one else see him? Well, didn't I tole you that
he got burnt in that thar fire Lawyer Webb an'
Will Edwards set to break up a nest of rattlers
on Deer Creek that run clear over to middle
fork of Featner? Think Id lie about a snake?
Think 1 don't know a snake when I see him no
furder away than that thar stove, an' him a
hissin'? I tell you I seen that thar snake, an'
I don't care a what anybody thinks about
it. I seen him sure."
Poor Jack, a few months aeo we laid him
away under the pines, but he never had the
satisfaction of knowing that those best ac
quaiuted with him believed him. A few days
before his death he again mentioned the bud-.
jectto me, saying, "Lota of folks thinks I'm
lying about that snake, but I seen it; sure as
you live, I seen it."
A Rattlesnake,
A Polecat, Some Puppies
and a Gun.
The Experience of Mr. and Mrs. Bradley.
There lived about twelve miles southeast of
Lower Lake, on the road to Woodland, a man
and his wife by the name of Bradley, where
they owned a hill rauch, and among other
things raised numbers of poultry. To protect
this poultry from the depredations of wild
animals they had a female dog and. at the
time of this occurrence, she had a litter of
he mind between "Cat and Fiddle" and
"Catharine la fid eta" 1 But such i« un
doubtedly the origin, and it is probable
that, when the siizn was first hung out it
exhibited some sort of representation of
that saint. One of the usual signs in
medieval days was the "Five Alls," repre
sented by the bishop who prayed for all,
the lawyer who pleadel for all, the farmer
who paid for all, the soldier who fought
For all, and the devil who took all. But
the artist of later days called upon to re
paint the sign on which the old design |
was hardly visible, and finding himself j
unequal to the task oi producing the five
portraits, was seized with a brilliant in
spiration and substituted five shoemaker^'
awls — thus, as he fondly imagined, leaving I
both the name and the sen.<e unaltered.
Painters undoubtedly have much to ac- I
count for — to whom else can we ascribe
such an enormity as the ''Swan With Two ,
Necks," a bird which can be suitable for
nothing else than to be the latest novelty
puppies. One day there was quite a commo
tion among the poultry, and on going out to
set- what was wrong they found a laree rattle
snake making havoc among the puppies. «Ou
trying to kill it the snake wriggled away
quickly to escape.
Bradley ami his wife gave chase, whereupon
the wake crawled under the house. In trying
to dislodge the snake they seared out a polecat.
The man made for the Inside of the house to
get a gun for the purpose of shooting either the
it or the snake, or both. While he was
absent the polecat made for the puppies, and
was proceeding to make away with them.
When the man attempted to shoot the polecat
and not injure the puppies in any way in shoot
ing he missed the cat a' together and came near
shooting his wife in the feet, and while this
\vR- going on the snake escaped into the brush
along wilh the polecat.
A Veracious
Young Lady and a Lot of
Blacksnakes.
Not far from the little village of Glen EUen 4
on the banks of the Sonoma Creek, stands »
little cabin in which I Bpent my summer vaca
tion in 18! H. 1 found great pleasure in trout
fishiug, and also, being of a literary turn of
mind, often enjoyed an afternoon under a
beautiful spreading live oak either in reading
or writing, thus whiling away the idle hours.
Armed with my lunch and a good book I
sturted one morning for my favorite retreat,
intending to spend the day in quiet and soli
tude. The branches of the live oak spread in
such a way as to form an umbrella, the ends
being about six feet from the ground. The
morning was strangely beautiful, and, being
deeply interested in my boot, I took my seat
on the ground with the trunk of the tree as a
back-rest.
1 must have remained in that position for
nearly an hour and a half, when I began to
feel thirsty. Glancing up from my book I was
somewhat surprised to see a huge blacksnake,
about three feet in length, hanging from a
limb directly in front of me.
Being a woman I hastily gathered my be
longings together and was about to retreat
when on closer inspection I found the tree to
be alive with snakes, hanging from one limb
to another in festoons. Closing my eyes with
a feeling of terror I darted from under the tree
at a speed not to be beaten even by Stanford's
champion girl runner.
After satisfying my thirst and quieting my
nerves by leaving the tree at a safe distance I
again found a seat which had the appearance
oi being free from snakes and begau partaking
of my lunch, my miud intent upon my book,
when judge my horror at seeing a snake's
head protruding over my shoulder in the act
of sampling the bread and butter that I held
in my hand. With a whoop that a university
Club would be glad to copy I abandoned the
field to the victors.
at the aquirium ? The original designer
li3d no such desire to be original. "The
S-.van With Two Necks" was derived from
the fact that all swankerds were com
pelied to cut a certain number of necks on
the beaks of cygnets, in order to identify
them, i<nd two such marks may have been
the sign of the lord of the manor. Again,
who but an incapable painter would have
been sncli a Philistine as to change the
sign of the old "Salutation Inn" into
the commonplace representatian of two
hands clasping one another.
By Miss (iusaie Wright.
THE TRIUMPH
OF THE WIND.
He was a sailor
adrift along the wa
ter front, shipless,
moneyless, friend
less. He was "less 1 *
a number of other
things, but the above
mentioned three will do for a charac
terization of his social status— if a sailor
has a social status. The forecastle is "out
of humanity's reach."
As this man tacked and filled down the
docks, zigzagging among the lumber-piles,
hay, merchandise-cases, truckmen, steve
dores and other sailors, he looked all the
wretchedness he was feeling. The chill
wind blew his rags around him as if to
show him that it yet remembered that he
had all his sea life defied its power. It
chilled him, but he defied it still— lrom
force of habit doubtless— and the wind
blew around him resentfully.
He floated along till he fetched up
abreast of a ship he once sailed in and then
sat down on the wharf stringer to look at
her. He had no agreeable memories of
her, a sailor never has. Each of his ships
is a part of the fleet of hardships he ever
sails- in.
While he sat there, a worthless, owner
less, kennelless dog came slinking down
the water front and stopped near the man.
Like the sailor he was also "less" most all
the things that go to make life tolerant
and his doggish instinct that he need not
expect a kick from the human brute. The
sailor was asleep.
As he nodded on his perch his old hat
fell off and the dog lay down on it, possi
bly because it felt warmer to his almost
hairless body than the cold planks of tne
h e man would awake
H— sailors are light
Msleepers. The many
Hcalla for "the watch
Hbelow" to take in
Hsail when tne sudden
Hgale is ripping the
Hcanavs off the yards
Hkeeps the gates of
H-himber ever ajar.
M When he opened his
Heyes he would see tbe
Hkeen, mild orb? of
Hthe dcg lixed upon
I him. Then he would
I .:o to sleep again, and
I the animal, feeling
I .hat his efforts to-
I ward making friends
with the man were
unresented, would put the planks with his
tail for joy of the thought. Then he went
to sleep by the side of the slumbering
biped and night spread its gloom over the
1 dreary waifs.
Toward morning when the ships were
beginning to. come out of the darkness,
and the bakery wagons were jarring on
the cobbles, the dog arose. He stretched
himself first forward, and then back, till
the thin, poor blood began to run faster
through his lean body and then slunk off
down the dock. Pretty soon he came
A Fierce
Battle Between Hogs and
Rattlesnakes.
Witnessed by John Lake.
A desperate battle between a horde of rattle
snakes and a drove of hogs occurred a few days
since on John Lake's farm, says the San
Jacinto correspondent of the New York World,
at the foot of the San Jacinto Mountain, long
noted as the den of thousands of deadly brown
rattlesnakes. Old man Lake brought from
North Carolina a drove of long-nosed, long
legged hogs, "slug-diggers" or "razor-backs."
He hauled over the mountains, twenty-two of
these big, bony swine and placed them in pens,
where he fed and treated them well.
Wnen they were acclimated he released
them, and early one cool morning, when the
snakes were half benumbed or asleep, he
went up the mountain to a spot where he
knew the reptiles dwelt in thousands. Along
the pathway he dropped grains of corn until
he reached the side of the snakepit, a sunken
spot in the mountain side containing about
half an acre. Here he threw down a bushel of
loose corn, and, with his boys Jim and George,
took shelter in low trees.
Within a few minutes the satisfied grunts of
the porkers were heard following the trail of
corn until the whole drove of hogs came into
view from the underbrush. At the pit side
they stood for a minute or two until the old
boar came up. He then took the lead and
went grunting down the bank into the pit.
The other hogs followed until the twenty-two
were within the tiny amphitheater.
The hogs quickly picked up the corn, but by
the time they had thoroughly cleaned it up
the snakes, aroused by the heat of the morn
ing sun and the noise of the porkers, began to
wiggle from the crevices. Soon several hun
dred rattlers writhed from their holes and
looked at the porkers with shining eyes and
darting tongues. They had not crawled more
than thirty or forty feet away from the rocks
before the old boar gave a shrill, infuriated
squeal.
The hogs then charged their enemies, pick
ing them up in their jaws and trampling them
under foot, while the snakes shook their rat
tles and struck their enemies with their fangs.
The fight ranged for half an hour, a hog re
treating for a moment's rest and then recharg
ing into the midst of the writhing mass, rip
ninc and trampling the serpents until the
ground was covered with their bodies.
At one time an old boar was almost covered
with snakes. He didn't appear to care for
their bites or their poison, for he reached
around, caught one in his jaws, threw it to the
ground, and then held it there with his feet
until he tore its body to pieces. He kept this
up for half an hour, retreating but ouce for a
breath of air or a brief rest, when back he went
at it again.
In less than an hour the hogs had conquered,
not a snake being left alive except those which
had succeeded in regaining their holes. Lake
and his boys were so affected b7 the overpow
ering odor that they were forced to lie under
the trees until they recovered.
A NARROW
Escape From the Fangs of a
Rattlesnake.
The Experience of William Coombs.
William Coombs of Napa tells the following
story of his narrow escape from being bitten
by a "rattler."
"Last August I was out camping with a party
of friends in Gordon Valley, near the Solano
County lino, and one afternoon, accomcanied
by a sheepherder known as Hugh , I
took a stroll up the Blue Mountain to get a
view of the surrounding country. Hugh's
sheepdog followed us uninvited.
"When we reached a point about half way
up the ridge we came upon a cool spring of
water beneath the shade of a huge liveoak
tree, and we sat down here to rest ourselves
and to contemplate the delicious scene before
back with a long rolt of bread between his
jaws. He had probably stolen it from
some doorway. The man took the loaf
away from him, and the dog patted the
wharf planks with his tail. This exchange
of courtesies sealed their mutual com
panionship, if not friendship.
But the warmth of their attachment, if
it were of a higher temperature than the
cold dock boards they slept on, never
lessened the chill of the wind that blew
into their comfortless lives, for the wind
still followed the sailor that had aiways
defied it, arid the dog Bharea with his
chum its untempered enmity. The man
found fewer charitable nickels that would
buy the beer schooners that brought the
plate of water-front soup, and the dog found
fewer rolls of bread to steal in the wake of
the early bakery-wagons. And the gloom
of their nights and the gloom of their day 3
overlapped in one continuous cloud that
had no rift nor silver lining. They ken
neled together, slumbering in starvation
and awaking to feel hunger feeding on
their vitals.
Early one morning, when the ships at
the pierheads were coming out of the fog,
a wagon went rattling up from the docks.
It was not the baker's outfit, but the dog
followed it, his poor lean feet pattering
along over the cobbles. The cold wind
followed, too — the wind that hated the
sailor that defied it— and it hummed glee
fully up the street, as if it alone had over
come its enemy and was glad.
The wagon stopped at the Morgue, and
the man presently slept in a place where
the dreams of hunger never come. But
the wind came in and sang its pean of tri
umph there.
After a bit another wagon went rattling
up the street. It stopped at the Pound,
and the dog was lifted out and roughly
pitched into a pen. In a few hours he had
dad his miserable day, and the wind, re
membering that he had been the sailor's
friend, sang also its pean of triumph there.
Tom Gkegoby.
HOW NAPOLEON RAISED MONEY.
Napoleon had the lavish hand of a par
venue, but his beneficiaries were not grate
ful, and with ever increasing insolence
were always craving more. The systems
of private confiscations or forced contri
butions from individuals had already at
tained vast dimensions. During the win
ter of 1809-10 it was extended and regu
lated; the sums wrung from Germun
Princes and Spanish grandees, from Eng
lish merchants and the Italian clergy,
were not entirely exhausted; the remain
der, together with what was "accepted"
from timorous politicians, crafty ecclesias
tics, sly contractors and unprincipled
financiers, was now erected into th»- dig
nity of the Emperor's "extraordinary do
main." The term "army chest" had been
devia d for times of trigher public moral
ity ;it was now discarued. Confiscated
palaces, forests, lands, fisheries, moneys
from the sale of American ships— all were
now the Emperor's private property.
Sloane's "Life of Napoleon" in the Cen
tury.
us. Below us spread the Gordon Valley
shaded beneath the stately oaks and alders
which dotted its rich fields and bordered its
ever-running streams, and away to the west,
across a low range of bare hills, lay Wooden
Valley, bright fringed with verdure and glow
ing with the ripening harvest.
"The fatigue of the climb and the peaceful
ness of the scene caused a drowsiness to come
over me, and having thrown myself full length
on the ground, I was on the point of dropping
to sleep when a sharp bark from the sheep
dog aroused me. I opened my eyes, but Hugh
bade me be still, lor a large rattlesnake lay
coiled within a few feet of my head.
"It was as impossible for me to lie still under
such circumstances as to have taken wings
and flown. Making a great effort I rolled over
and over in the direction away from the snake,
but at my first movement the snake struck at
me, narrowly missing my neck. Before ha
could re-coil the sheepdog was upon him and
broke his back. Hugh quickly dispatched
him with a stick, and cut off hia rattles, of
which there were seventeen."
Battle Royal
Between a King Snake and
a Rattler.
Told by J. C Eesler of Anderson.
I was one day detailed to nack some provi
sions from the store at Whiskytown to a min
er's cabin on Whisky Creek. Having unloaded
the pack from the animal, and tying him and
my riding horse to a tree, I sat down to rest,
when my attention was attracted by the alarm
of a rattlesnake. Catching up my rifle I start
ed down the trail to locate him. The noise, I
found, came from an open «pot in a scrub oak
thicket. Stopping at the verge of the opening
I saw an immense rattlesnake partly coiled,
with' about half his body raised in the air. His
eyes were flashing, his tongue was darting In
and out of his vicious mouth incessantly, and
the whirr of his rattles was strung to the
highest pitch.
1 raised my rifle to shoot, when my attention
was drawn to something close to me that was
moving. Glancing down, I saw it was a king
snake crawling slowly from me. I must have
suspended their hostilities by mv sudden ap
pearance, but it was only momentary, for the
king snake soon began his operations.
He opened up the fight again by running in
a circle around the rattler, bnt out of striking
distance. His movements were made with a
lightninglike rapidity. After a few moments
of this kind of sparring, the king snake ran
close to old Crotalua, who struck, but without
reckoning the cost, for no sooner did he break
his coiled position than his enemy had him
cornered. Just as he struck, the king snake's
mouth opened and closed on his body just
back of his broad flat head. With the grip of
a bulldog the king snake struck.
Now the fight was on in dead earnest. It was
not to be a common hugging or sparring
hippodrome, but a battle royal to the death.
Both snakes were fighting hard, one trying to
get a coil about his adversary, the other fightinsr
hard to keep it off, but in less than ten min
utes the king snake had succeeded in wrap
ping his length of 6 feet or more around his
enemy. After this was accomplished he began
the process of disjointing the rattler. I ob
served as each coil was stretched out there
would be a sound similar to the snapping of
the thumb and linger. Having completed the
work of stretching each coil, he rapidly un
wound himself, and, again coiling up, jumped
away and disappeared into the brush.
Upon examining the rattler I found each
joint of the vertebra broken. In some locali
ties the king snake is called the tiger snake,
owing to the bands or rings of black and
white that encircle his body. He is the mortal
enemy of every snake that creeps except his
own species._
"Have you heard about young Molard? He
has just walked off with 30,000 francs of his
employer's money."
"Ha! ha! the lucky rascal !"
"Besides, he has bolted with your umbrella."
"On! the infernal scamp I"— Le Papilloa.
1920
OFF TO THE HILLS
AND THE SEASHORE,
The First of June Sounds
the Note for De
parture.
Society Prepares to Leave for
the Various Fashionable
Resorts.
Latest Information From the Interior.
What Is Being Done at the
Summer Hotels.
The rammer exodus has begun. Reports
from the various fashionable retorts show un
usual activity for so early in the season.
While jnany have only made, so far, short
Etays at their chosen summer resorts, still all
the interior hotels report a large register.
A number of the hotels have already inaugu
rated their season with a hop or ball, and in
many places the orchestra, a special feature of
all resorts, has already arrived.
Santa Cruz and Castle Crags report good
fishing, and from all over come the most
encouraging reports ot fine weather.
Below is found a resume of the movements
of our society people :
Mr. and Mrs. Edward J. McCutcheon have
left for Europe.
Mrs. Holt, who has been visiting Mrs. Peters
at Stockton, will spend the summer at Cook
Cottage, Cloverdale.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker left New York
yesterday for this City.
Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Beaver are at Blythedale
for the summer.
Mrs. N. J. Owen and Miss Alice Owen have
gone to their ranch in the San Ramon Valley
for the summer.
The Misses Ethel and Bee Hooper have been
visiting friends in Ross Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt will occupy
the cottage formerly occupied by Mrs. Will
Crocker and Mr. and Mrs.Carolan at Bur
lingame during the summer months.
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Hemphill will go to
Cloverdale for ihe summer.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Hecht have been visiting
at Paso Robles.
Mrs. E. B. Coleman has gone to San Rafael
for the summer.
Mrs. John Boggs and Miss Alice Boggs will
spend a month in Napa Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. John I. Sabin and family left
their California-street home on Thursday for
a month's stay at Liberty Hall, their country
place on the hills three miles south of Moun
tain View. When this outing is ended Mr.
Sabin and the Misses Sabin will start for
Europe.
Colonel and Mrs. I. Trumbo left for the East
on Thursday.
General Dimond, accompanied by his son,
Harry Dimond, left on Thursday last for a
European visit.
Mrs. John G. Kittle and Miss Lucia Kittle,
who have been in Europe the past year, nave
arrived in New York on their wav home.
. At last accounts Joseph D. Grant was in
Paris.
Mrs. J. L. Moody and the Misses Moody will
leave to-morrow (Monday) for the Geysers,
where they will spend several weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young started Thurs
day on an extended Eastern trip.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury has returned from a
visit to friends in Placerville.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Moulder are at Blythedale
for the summer.
A. C. Bassett is once again at the Sea Beach,
Santa Cruz, trying his luck with salmon.
W. N. Price, general agent of the Great
Northern Railway at San Francisco, is stopping
at the Sea Beach, Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Volney Spaulding is spending a few
weeks at Paso Robles.
Mr. and Mrs. T. Weshsler of 1231 O'Farrell
street left on Sunday last for Southern Cali
fornia, intending to spend the summer at
Santa Catalina.
Mr. and Mrs. Philip 8. Fay and family have
closed their Grove-street residence and gone
to their cottage in Ross Valley for the season.
Dr. and Mrs. K. Frink will receive at their
home In Belvedere on the first and second Sun
days of each month. Mrs. Frink on Tuesdays
also.
Dr. and Mrs. K. Pischl are at Ross Valley for
the summer and are located at the Mountain
View Hotel.
Mrs. S. Zekind has gone on a visit to her
son in Grass Valley and is the guest of Mr.
and Mrs. Jacob Weissblin.
Mrs. J. Eger, accompanied by her sister-in
law, Mrs. Dennery, is at Yountvllle, Napa
County, for the summer months.
Mr. and Mrs. Rounsevelle Wildman are
spending the week at Castle Crags.
THE SUMMER RESORTS
Guests Already Hostelried and
Many Booked for the
Near Future.
At the Sea Beach— The following are some of
the people who have engaged rooms at the Sea
Beach Hotel, Santa Crui. for the summer: Mrs.
Lee and family, Mrs. Overhalser and son, Mrs.
Crawford, Mrs. R. Samson and family, Mrs. S.
Newman and family, Mrs. Leon Guggenheim
and family, E. H. Prentice and wife and son,
Miss Kohlman. Louis Strauss and family,
Mrs. Gertrude O'Brien and family. M. Hyman
and family, Henry W. Hyman and family, Mrs.
W. L. Ashe and son, Ralph Brown and wife
and Mrs. E. Wangenheim from San Francisco;
Mrs. Wilhelmina Murphy and Fred M. Stern
and family of San Jose; Mrs. A. Schilling and
family and Judge and Mrs. E. 8. Denison and
daughters of Oakland; A. C. Bassett and family
of Menlo Park.
At the Vendome— The past week has been
very lively at the Vendome. The many appli
cations for rooms make the outlook for the
summer brilliant to the extreme. Tennis is
very popular with the guests of this
hostelry and the tennis court has been put.in
the best shape. Many exciting games have
aiready been played. The orchestra still proves
very popular ana enjoys a good nightly attend
ance. Dancing, card "playing, driving, riding,
are among the chief amusements.
Henry Miller of San Francisco registered the
latter part of the week.
R. L. Auld and wife of San Francisco are
spending a few days at the Vendome.
Wendell Easton of San Francisco, accompa
nied by C. E. Hovey, spent a few days at this
hostelry.
OakUnd was represented during the week
by the arrival of W. B. Harriet and wife accom
panied by Mrs. W. A. Kenney and Mis» K.
Harriel, who contemplate spending a few days
at the Vendome.
Mrs. S. P. Dinkerspeil of San Francisco ar
rived for an indefinite period.
Mrs. 0. C. Pratt of San Francisco, accom
panied by Orville C. Pratt, has arrived and
taken apartments for the summer months.
Lewis A. Sage and wife of Congress Springs
registered the past week.
R. H. Tucker of Lick observatory made a fly
ing visit to th£ Garden City and was domiciled
at the Vendome.
John Kennedy, the genial manager of Nolan's
shoe store, San Francisco, was the guest of the
Vendome last week. Mr. Kennedy engaged
rooms for the summer months.
Thomas H. B. Varney and family of San Fran
cisco are enjoying the hospitalities of the Ven
dome.
Major H. 8. Plckands and wife of Chicago,
who have been the guests of the Vendome the
past year, are at present enjoying a few weeks'
stay at the Yosemite. It is their intention to re
main the entire summer at this popular cara
vansary.
James Campbell and family of Honolulu
registered the past week.
Salvador Madero of Mexico, accompanied by
Albert Madero, spent a few days at the Ven
dome.
Charles A. Belden and wife of San Francisco,
accompanied by Mrs. L. C. McCreary and Miss
Minnie Clark of Sacramento, are among the
many who are enjoying the hospitalities of the
Vendome.
Mrs. 8. Bissinger and family of San Francisco,
accompanied by Mrs. H. Jacobs, are visiting
the Garden City and are domiciled at the Ven
dome.
At the El Monte, Sausalito— Among the
guests at the El Monte Hotel, Sausalito, are:
J. E. Allen and wife, N. F. Ohlin. Philip God
ley, James H. Lawrence. John Lloyd ana wife,
Alfred H. Pollock, J. B. Whitney and wife,
Miss Ella Whitney, S. Samuels, A. L. Mellin, K.
W. Siehel and wile, Robert Evan McGregor, F.
K. Hunt and wife, Mrs. J. D. Williams, Mrs. J.
Edgerton, George M. Deacon and wife, F. M.
£chm!tz, John Dem, E. W. Henderson and
wife, George E. Butler, W. F. Norcross, Dr.
Washington Ayer, Mrs. Butte, Joseph D.
Lynch, Mrs. Parks, 0. Hodges and wife, Sidney
Robertson, S. Marcus and wife, Miss Carter
and sister, Miss Josie McMillan. G. A. Rosen
berg, M. J. Browne, W. 11. Ward, R. McMillan
and wife, H. Sutherland and wife, M. F. Judini,
Mike Ward and wife, F. Marriott Jr., George
W. Colby, H. W. Newton, Mrs. La Roche, W. A.
Jackson.
S. Green and family will spend the summer
at El Monte Hotel, Sausalito.
Alfred H. Pollock, secretary of the Thors
Photographic Company, is spending the sum
mer at El Monte Hotel.
Mrs. Hunt, wife of F. K. Hunt of the United
Status steamship Albatross, now lying at Sau
salito, is a guest at El Monte Hotel.
At Laurel Dell— Among those registered at
Laurel Dell during the week are: From San
Francisco. N. C. Harris, wife and child, R. B.
Phillips, W. A. Phillips and wife, Miss Isabel
Lyman, L. P. Vann, George Bush, J. F. Han
cock; H. C. Smith and wife, Alameda; 11. B.
Muir, Ukiah; E. R. Drew and wife, Oakland.
At the Sea Beach— Mrs. I. Kohn, Ed Acker
man and wife, Mrs. G. A. Parkyns, Alfred S.
Rix, W. A. Kemp, L. F. PoHer and W. N. Price
were among the Han Franciscans registered at
the Sea Beach during the past week. Edwin
P. Kirk, D. S. N., and wife were down from the
navy-yard, Mare Island, for a few days.
At Hullville— Among the recent arrivals at
A. B. McMath's resort are Messrs. Lippitt.
Samuels and Fishei of San Francisco, and Carl
Sohlke of Alameda.
At Klamath Hot Springs— Among the late
arrivals at Klamath Hot Springs Bre: Mr. and
Mrs. Frea W. I.ees, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Voll- I
mer, Miss H. A. Ager, Messrs. J. T. Caldwcll,
Absur Smith, C. S. Smith, H. H. Mitchell, F. 11. :
Moulton, Charles Hark, C. E. Zwisler, Thomas
J. O'Toole, M. E. Manor, E. B. Swarm. J. M.
Innis, J. H. Brockman, C. H. Chapman, E. L.
Foulke, E. McLeod, J. Wnlgamott.
At Bartiett Springs— Travel to the famous
Bartlett Springs is unprecedented. The iact
that the stages are getting in so early is draw
ing a great many to the Springs that never
came before. Tney now arrive for dinner at
7:30 o'clock.
Victor M. Reiter, the well-known and accom
plished Bteward of the Palace Hotel, is at this
popular resort for a needed cnange. F. P. j
I'lageman. proprietor of the Golden West Hotel, i
San Francisco, and A. M. Cables, the well
known liquor-dealer, are up for a long stay.
L. J. Harrison and George A. Story are still
there, charming everybody with their Inusic
on the French horn and cornet.
Mr. Gutsch, the well-known attorney is
still at Bartlett. J. M. Adams, the well-known
attorney and railroad man of Cleveland. Ohio,
and wife, are at the springs for a long stay.
The tishine is improving daily as the wnters
recede. William Jackson of Redding caught
thirty beauties in an hour or two yesterday.
John McCarty, the well-known contractor
and builaer, is up for his accustomed two
weeks' stay.
Among other arrivals are Joseph Rohr , W.
A. Imhoff, James Woodburn, George Gtillo of j
Sacramento.
E. M. Reid, N. Murphy, W. Williams and |
wife, Mrs. P. Mahoney and son, W. M. Brynes,
E. H. Bailey and wife, E. H. Lindler, W. i
MengeL Miss Mooney, Miss Mary T. Moonev, I
A. H. 3oomer, M. McNally and son, J. A.
Wilkens, H. I. Wiihman, H. T. Lunsman, I. F.
Lunsman, R. C. Vose, San Francisco.
John Pacheco and wife, Miss Tanforan, Miss
Begley, Han Rafael; Thomas Schwend-Chris
tians, Mr. and Mrs. John Wells, Sanfa Rosa;
Mr. and Mrs. Uriah Wood, San Jose; Phcrbe J.
Mayhew, Los Angeles; Miss Lucy Blackburn,
Oakland; Milton Brooks, San Francisco; W. W.
Green, Indian Valley; E. T. Marmadel, San
Francisco; John E. Anderson, Vallejo; P. Car
ney, Portland, Or.; A. C. Barrie, St. Louis.
At Duncan Springs— Those registered at Dun
can Springs, Mendocino County, are: B. A.
Ea rdley and wife, O. S. Trimmer and wife, Pa
cific Grove; Mrs. J. A. McNear, Miss L. M.
Egan, Petaluma; J. F. Hinz, Jacob Palmer, W.
J. EUeford, Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Cooley, Mrs. A.
B. Vogel, Mrs. B. F. Curler and children, Miss
Bertha Curler, C. Ruegg, A. Hoffmann and
wife, San Francisco; John S. Ho well, Stanford
University, W. K. Damon and wife, Oakland;
W. J. Eardley and wife, Santa Rosa; Mrs. W.
V. Cole, Guerneviile; Mrs. Lottie Frier, San
Francisco.
At Bkaggs— The following guests are regis
tered at Skaggs Hot Springs,- Sonoma County:
San Francisco— R. F. Graham, J. If. Curley, M.
P. Vandeveer, 8. 8. Green, A. N. Levy, J. R.
Dagkett, C. P. Overton, O. H. Keyes, Dr. J. S.
Ballard, Miss Hattie Cowen, Judge Robert J. I
Tobin, Miss Gussie M. Byrne, Miss Nellie Glynn ;
and maid, Mrs. E. E. Terrill, Mrs. L. K. j
Isaacs, E. B. Blood, D. J. McKay, J. P.
Thomas, W. Q. Tiffany, Thomas C.Johnston,
Isidor Blum, J. H. Goldman and wife,
C. W. Coulisk, wife and child, J. E. Byrne
and wife, Thomas Kervan and wife, F. Schwa- I
baeher, Colonel Henry Englander, F. Bellmer, j
F. W. Rickers, George Fritch and wife, Master j
George Litcnfield; Oakland— H. H. Bahls,
Richard Bahls, C. Werner; Berkeley— F. T.
Biolettl, L. E. White and wife; Fresno— W. D.
Weith; Honolulu— F. T. Swett; Vallejo— Dr.
James Topley and wife; Petaluma— Fred
Kuhnle; Santa Rosa— J. W. Hall, Joseph T. j
Grace; HealdsDurg— E. S. Gray, Philip Stof- I
fal, Tom Young, 8. Hilgerloh. Mrs. Rose Aus- \
tin, Miss Annie Jacobs, E. Seegen, T. C. Mer
chant.
At Highland Springs— The week's arrivals at
Highland Springs areas follows: W. T. Magee,
San Rafael; George E. Butler and wife, Oak
land; A. J. Trask and wife. E. T. H. Leyden,
Mrs. A. Baker, San Francisco; C. G. Bilicke,
Los Angeles; W. S. Dreypolcher, F. R. Bal
linifer, San Francisco; Mrs. George W. Gravson,
Oakland; Mrs. H. G. Hinckley and family,
Fruitvale; A. D. Himmelman, L. J. Phelps,
Miss Phelps, Miss Laynz, San Francisco;
R. H. Davis, Oaklaud; David Weir, Mrs. H. O.
Wiedero, San Francisco; E. Lehnhardt, wife
and child, Oakland; J. Hancock, Sau Fran
cisco; David Clapton, Montgomery, Ala.; D.
Hadeler and family, San Francisco; Mi*s.P. J.
Mayhew, Los Angeles; Miss L. B. Black wood,
Oakland; John A. Horsinger, Honolulu: Paul
Breon, Mrs. E. A. Mcßryde, A. D. Mcßryde,
San Francisco; James P. Pierce. Alameda;
Mrs. George A. Ran kin and family, Miss L.
Batchelor, George Bush, MissM. Patton, G. W.
Kerr, Major A. D. Grimu, James F. Bovd, G. B.
Griflithg and wife, E. A. Belden and wife, Jonas
Schoenfield, Miss Bella Schoenfield, Miss Roda
Sciioenfield, Miss Amy Schoenfield, Mrs. F. H.
Willis and child, O. W. Morgan and wife, W.
T. Wheatly and wife, Mrs R. B. Mitchell, Miss
Mitchell, Miss Juliet Mitchell, Miss Ryan, San
Francisco.
At Paso Robles — Among those registered at
Paso Robles are Mrs. Judge Hyde, Mrs. Camila
Martin, Mrs. Adolph Vose and son, Mrs. Vol
ney Spaulding, Captain and Mrs. Murz, Mrs.
Dr. Punt, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Hecht, T. M.
Stork, M. J. Rougen, wife and daughter.
At Mark West Springs — The Mark West
Springs have opened up and will no doubt
have a good season. The following guests
have so far visited the springs: J. I. Brady,
William Lafrenz, H. Hadenfeldt, A. G. Mitch
ell, J. W. Mullen, William Humphreys,
San Francisco; Charles R. Erelly, Oak
land; James A. Code, C. H. Code, Frank
Ellsworth and wife, F. G. Montlegre. H. Cos
griff, Thomas Spellen, F. H. Sweeny. San Fran
cisco; Miss Grace Young, Petaluma; Richard
Smidt, Mrs. Sinldt, Calistoga; H. B. Taylor,
Oakland; Alex. Gardiner, of the Cyclists'
Mileage Record Book, San Francisco.
At Castle Crag— the following well-known
society people have made arrangements to
pass the summer at Castle Crag: F. M. Wilson,
wife and son, Berkeley; Miss Ida Pierce, Miss
Pierce, Mrs. Clark Crocker, Mrs. Isaac Requa,
Mrs. Irving Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Judge Curry,
Mrs. P. N. Lilienthal and family, Mr. and Mrs
W. M. Gwin, Miss Gwin, Mrs. I.W. Hellman and
family, Mr. and Mrs. Goeway, Miss Goeway,
Master Goeway, Mrs. W. P. Morgan and daugh
ters, Mrs. Homer S. King and dauehters, Mrs.
W. E. Dean, Mr. and Mtb. W. H. Howard and
family, Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Crane,
Mrs. G. B. Ferguson, Mrs. J. Whit
tell, Misi Whittell, Mrs. J. E. Mott and
daughter, Mrs. Horace Smith and daughter,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
I Mrs. W. Van Bergen, C. L. Maynard, John
Barton, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Tallant, children
and maid, Tr. and Mrs. C. M. Tuttle, children
and maid, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. F. W.
I Van Sicklen and family, Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Taylor, Mrs. J. J. Brice and daughter, Mrs. C.
E. Worden, Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kittredge, Miss
Ethel Kittredge, Miss H. Kittredge, Mrs. J. A.
Folger, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Francis,
Los Angeles.
At Blythedale— Among the guests at Hotel
Blythedale are: Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Moulder
and family, Mr. and Mrs. Alva Watt and
family. Miss Bredon, Mr. and Mrs. Bredon,
Miss E. Sargent, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Beaver and
family, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Madison and
family, Alfred Sutro. Mrs. E. Sutro, Miss Anna
Sutroi Mr. and Mrs. J. Curtis and family, Mr.
and Mrs. George Moore and family, Mr. Dodge.
A. 8. Howe.
At Glenbrook— Among the late arrivals at
Glenbrook are: Mr. and Mrs. D. O. Smart,
Kansas City, Mo. ; Miss Emma Smart, Kansas
City, Mo.; W. A. McNeerjr, Burlington; Henry
C. McPike. T. L. Ruthford and wife, J. Weill,
A. Simon, William Santer, San Francisco; J. H.
Brown, Mrs. Eliza Brown, Kelsev; Mack How
ard, Ukiah; W. E. Gillispie, Pieta; S.S.Rus
sell, Lakeport; H. H. Cameron, San Francisco:
Frank Paul, Harbin Springs; Duvid Dazell
and wife, Upper Lake; C. W. Rans
dell, Lakeport; G. A. Dodge, Alamedn;
M. A. Goodenough and daughter, San Fran
cisco; A. Alters, Alameda; Frank Russe, San
| Francisco; Ed Veache, St. Helena; Mrs. Dr.
' Harmon, San Francisco; C. A. Yordi, Clover
| dale; A. R. Tuckey and wife, San Francisco:
I M. O. Cutter and Ed Kincaide.Vulleio; William
! Spires, Calistoga; George B.Crandall, Sun Fran
i Cisco; Charles Traulseu, Hobergs.
Gilroy Hot Springs— The list of arrivals at
the Gilroy Hot Springs includes J. E. Barry,
Maurice Behan, S. Constani, George Carlisle,
C. P. J. Bullettf, Henry Wendt, August Meyer,
John Murphy, Herman Boese, Thomas Mc-
Glynn and son, William C. Goffee, Otto Cruel
maly, Charles M. Shortrldge, M. L. Spinetti, P.
Duchein, W. H. Cameron, Mr. and Mrs. Camp
bell, John E. Richards, W. L. Brown, James
Shea, J. C. Nolan, K. L. Nolan, L.
Nolan, Jonn J. Hatterman, D. Hollingß,
San Francisco; J. Manstony, Alameda;
V. Hoslinger and wife, Gilroy; A. Peterson,
! Santa Cruz; C. J. Owen, A. Schmitt, Fred M.
Stem, D. Flannery, W. F, Cosgrove, San Jose;
James Roney, Santa Clara; A. D. Vanette and
wife, Guatemala; William Vollmers and wife,
Trinity; Mrs. J. R. Stoddard, Trinity.
A COACHING PARTY,
On May 30 a very pleasant coaching party
to Burlingame was enjoyed by a few of the
Mission young people. The coach was drawn
by four well-matched steeds. The party was
made up of Messrs. Ormond, Tucker, Collom,
Donly, Ray, Wilson, Vance, Bullen, Shaw,
Bryan, Foulkes, Falls, Bradley andComtgys;
the Misses M. Taubman, K. Taubman, M. Et
ting, L. Etting, L. P. Atkins, A. Newbegin, A.
Cookson, D. Lee, L. Schraig, S. Goss, F. Sanborn,
M. Miller, V. Pedlar. E. Chambers, Mrs. J. J.
Newbegin and Mrs. F. Cookson.
« . ■
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Interesting Personal Gossip
From Points South of
Tehachapi.
The engagement of the two daughters ot L.
J. Rose of Lo? Angeles is announced. Miss
Mabel will wed Arthur Worcester Pike and Miss
Maud is ath'anced to George L. Easton, both of
Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Charles Gillette, who
were married in Los Angeles June 1, left the
Fame afternoon for San Francisco, where they
will permanently reside after touring about for
a month or two.
Mrs. Annie B. Andrews and daughter, Miss
Andrews of Los Angeles, are visiting friends in
San Francisco. •
Mjs.Whiteman.Miss Bachs and H. Horstman
of «in Francisco are the guests of friends in
Anaheim.
Harley E. Hamilton, the well-known musical
director of Los Angeles, leaves shortly for
Europe, where lie will spend a year in study.
Mr. nnd Mrs. R. 51. Price of San Francisco,
who have been touring through Southern Cali
fornia for the past two weeks, are now at the
Hotel Metropole, Catailua Island.
M. E. Phillips, dean of the University of
Southern California, left for the East last week
to deliver a course of lectures before lowa
teachers' institutes.
Mrs. Blake, Miss E. Pomeroy and Miss Mc-
Connell of Oakland are in Los Angeles, at the
Westminster.
Miss Lura Whitlock of Los Angeles has re.
turned home from Stanford, where she gradu
ated with honors from the class of '90.
Recent San Francisco arrivals at the Hotel
Metropole, Catalina Island, are Dr. B. Marshall
and Miss Marshall, Mr. and Mrs. It. W. Cuhon,
Z. J. Kelly, James H. 1 ianagan, John W.
Proctor, J. H. Berghauser, Mrs. M. L. Barracca,
Miss V. Hernandy, E. A. Kolb, H. L. Joachim
son.
Mrs. H. Holland and Miss E. Holland, of San
Francisco, are enioying camp life at Catalina
and will remain three months.
Miss Elizabeth A. Packard, formerly prin
cipal of the Los Angeles High School, now
head of the English and history departments
of the Oakland High School, has gone to Los
Angeles to spend her summer vacation.
Miss Wilson and Misa Shorb, daughter of the
late J. de Barth Shorb of Los Angeles, left last
week for New York and sail June 3 for
Southampton. They will remain in Europe
for several months.
Mrs. Andrew Mullen of Los Angeles is visit
ing friends in the northern part ol the State.
Miss Mary Workman, daughter of ex-Mayor
Workman of Los Angeles, is visiting friends at
Palo Alto and Sau Francisco.
■ Mrs. John Milner and family of Los Angeles
are spending the summer in North Germany.
Mr. and Mrs. Modlni-Wood and family of Los
Angeles will pass the summer at Santa Monica.
Mrs. J. D. Bickncll has just returned to her
home in Los Angeles from San Francisco, ac
companied by her daughter. Miss Edna Bick
nell, who has been attending school there.
Mrs. Otneman A. Stevens of Los Angeles his
returned home after spending two months
with San Francisco friends.
IN THE FUTURE.
A midsummer exhibition of the juvenile
class of Irvine's Dancing Academy will take
place on Saturday evening next at Acad
emy Hall, 927 Mission street. Quite an elab
orate programme has been arranged for the
evening's entertainment, which will introduce
many new and novel features.
Unity Lodge No. 273, I. O. 11. 8., will give an
outing at Glenwood Park, Santa Cruz Moun
tains, Sunday, 14th inst. Tickets are being is
sued only on application to members or the
outing committee.
The Garibaldi Guard will hold their twenty
ninth grand annual festival commemorative
of the granting of the constitution to Italy at
Shell Mound Pars, Berkeley.
Califrrnia Lodge No. 113 and Pacific Lodge
No. 134, Bons of Benjamin, will hold their
grand annual picnic on Sunday, June 14, at
Harbor View. Numerous gate prizes will be
awarded on the occasion.
Robin Hood Circle No. 58, Companions of the
Forest of America, will give a novelty party on
Wednesday evening. June 10, at Social Hall,
Alcazar building, 120 O'Fairell street.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Kronberg of 1614 Turk
street will receive their friends on Sunday,
June 14, between 2 and 0 p. m., in honor of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of their marriage.
JUNE WEDDINGS AND
ORANGE BLOSSOMS.
Nuptials of Miss Lulu
Williams and L. H.
Callen.
Dr. Martin Krotzyner Weds a
Merced Belle— Jacobs- Hy man
Marriage.
An Interesting Wedding Celebrated on
Wednesday, June 3, at Wil
liams, Cal.
An interesting wedding celebrated on
Wednesday, June 3, at Williams, Cal., was
that of Miss Lulu Williams and 8. H. Callen.
The ceremony was performed at tho resi
dence of W. H. Williams by Hon. E. A. Brldg
ford, Judge of the Superior Court of Colusa
County.
The bride is the daughter of W. H. Williams,
one of the large land-owners of Colusa County
and founder of the town of Williams. She is
highly accomplished, having attended Mills
Seminary in Oakland and Van Ness in this
City. The groom is Postmaster at Williams
and publisher of the Farmer. Mr. and Mr«.
Callen will spend their honeymoon in South
ern California.
James Tunsted Burtchaell, teller of the Lon
don and San Francisco Bank, and Miss Adele
Craner, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Craner,
were married at 4 o'clock Tuesday afternoon
at the residence of the bride's parents, G57
Harrison street.
The parlors of the house on Rincon Hill were
most artistically decorated with sweet peas,
lilies and smilax. In the front parlor, sus
pended from garlands of smilax, was a large
umbrella of pink and white sweet peas and
Briae roses, under which the young couple
stood during the ceremony, which was per
formed by the Hon. John Hunt, Judge of the
Superior Court, a life-long friend of the bride
and her family.
The bride was accompanied by her father
and attended by her five-year-old niece, Miss
i Lillian Craner, a daughter of the late Colonel
Herman Craner. The little tot was a picture
in a striped white muslin dress, the skirt and
waist puffed and covered with tulle. She car
ried a small white cushion, on which was the
; wedding ring.
The gown of the bride was an elaborate
ivory cream brocaded silk with demi- train.
Tho corsage was high with elbow sleeves and
trimmed with duchesse lace and a wide bertha
of puffed tulle. The veil was attached to the
hair with a star and diamond aigrette, the gift
of the bride's mother.
There were no other attendants, and after
the ceremony a breakfast was partaken of,
during which cablegrams from England and
dispatches of good wishes from all parts of the
State were received and read.
The numerous presents were displayed in
the library, and included a variety of silver and
gold ware and articles of vertu. The officers of
the bank in which the grocm is employed sent
in a handsome cabinet, and his fellow clerks
several crystal and silver and gold ornaments.
Mr. and Mrs. Burtchaell left on the overland
train for Lake Tanoe, where the honeymoon
j will be spent. Upon their return they will go
to housekeeping at the villa of the groom at
Larkspur, in Marin County.
The wedding of Dr. Martin Krotzyner, a
prominent German physician of this City, and
Mi?s Jenny Hartman took place at noon on
Tuesday at the residence of the bride's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. S. Hartmau, in Merced.
The bride wore a gown of dotted Swiss over
white satin, trimmed with lace and watered
j ribbon. The bridesmaid, Miss Gertrude Gold-
I man, wore a dress of white organdie over pink
silk. E. A. Schlaet of Oakland acted as best
man. Among the guests were several promi
nent ladies and gentlemen from San Francisco.
After the ceremony ihe wedding breakfast
was served in a large tent on tne lawn.
The wedding tour will embrace Stone Park,
Niagara Falls, Saratoga Sorings and New York,
whence they will sail for Europe for a six
months' stay.
The wedding of Miss Gnssie Jacobs, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. A. Jacobs, and Julius Heyman,
brother of the well-known violinist, Henry
Heyman, took place Tuesday evening at the
residence of the bride's parent, 309 Van Ness
avenue, the ceremony being: performed by the
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger nt 6:30 o'clock.
From a canopy of smilax and white roses in
the front parlor was suspended a lovers' knot,
composed of white and lavender sweet peas and
pink rosey. The chandeliers were connected
with garlands of smilax.
The bride was attended by Miss Tillie Whit
man as maid of honor and Henry Heyman was
the best man. The bride wore an elaborate
toilette of white satin trimmed with lace and
tulle.
After the ceremony the guests proceeded to
the banqueting-room on the lower floor, which
was decorated with large and small Japanese
lanterns. A tempting supper was served to
the 125 guests find then all returned to the
parlors, where there was dancing.
There was an unusually pretty and interest
ing wedding on Wednesday evening. May 27,
at the Lutheran church, corner of Eddy and
| Gough streets, the contracting parties being
Mrs. Marie Nesterand William Gedrtes.
To the strains of the wedding march the
bridal party moved up the aisle, following in
the footsteps of little Miss Gladys Geddes and
Master Charles Nester, who left a. trail of fra
grant blossoms in their pathway.
The bride was attended by Miss Lulu
Nephan, who officiated as maid of honor.
James Black was best man.
After the ceremony the bridal party and a
limited number of invited guests repaired to
the Cafe Zlnkand, where an elaborate supper
was served at a table handsomely decorated
with pink sweet peas and maidenhair fern.
The guests present were School Director Mc-
Elroyand wife, Miss Louise McElroy, princi
pal of the Harrison School, Dr. and Drs. Ed
son, Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Holbrow, Mr. and Mrs.
Richard S. McDonald. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Geddes, Miss Lulu Mephan, James Black,
Charles McCarthy, Master Charlie Nester, Miss
Gladys Geddes.
On the return from their bridal tour Mr. and
Mrs. Geddes will reside at 2121 O'Farrell
street and will receive on Wednesdays.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Many Weddings to Be Solemn
ized in the Happy Month
of June.
'An interesting engagement to announce is
that of Miss Aileen Goad and C. K. Mclntosh.
Although the announcement of the engage
ment came somewhat in the nature of a sur
prise, the Intimate friends of the happy young
couple were not altogether unprepared for the
news.
Dame Gossip has connected the names of
the young people for some two weeks past,
although the interested parties denied the soft
impeachment. The match is an eminently
suitable one from all standpoints. Both of
the young people are young and leaders of
their particular set. Both are well endowed
with this world's goods, and both fond of
society.
Miss Goad is the second daughter of W.
Frank Goad, the wealthy capitalist. She made
her debut in society two seasons ago, and by
reason of her rare beauty, tact and talent was
immediately recognized as a belle.
The beauty ot the Goad sisters is proverbial.
The fair bride to be is a tall slender demi
blonde with patrician fefltures, a pair of lovely
violet eyes and soft nut-brown hair which she
wears neatly brushed back from her fore
bead. Like her two other sisters, Mrs. Osgood
Hooker, formerly Ella Goad, and Miss Gene
vieve Goad, she is extremely stylish and is
noted for her rare good tasto in dressing.
C. K. Mclntosh, the happy man, is everywhere
pronounced worthy of the matrimonial prize
he has won.
He is connected with the First National
Bank of this City and is a favorite with every
one.
Be has the good fortune to sing extremely
well, which fact does not lessen his social pop
ularity.
The Goad family have a most comfortable
summer home at Sausalito, and there the
young ladies ere wont to enjoy that free and
active life which they have always enjoyed
more than the sedate life of cities. At present
the happy fiance, Mr. Mclntosh, is a guest at
this summer home of the Goads, where it is
sufe to say the days pass merrily enough,
while their many friends are sending to the
young people their congratulations and kind
wißhes for the happiness of their future years.
The date of the wedding has not yet been
made public.
The engagement is announced of Carroll B.
Crawford of this City to Miss Lucille Mcllville
of Nevada City.
The engagement is announced of Miss Bertha
Morris of San Francisco to A. J. Morris, a
wholesale liquor-dealer of Boston, Mass.
Cards are out for the wedding of George N.
Habenieht and Miss Alice May Russ, daughter
of Henry B. Rusj, which is to take place Tues
day evening, June Hi, at 8:30 o'clock, at. St.
Paul's Lutheran Cauroh, corner of Gougn and
Eddy streets. A reception will foliow tne cere
mony at the Hotel Savoy.
HOME GATHERINGS.
The Eiben Wooden Wedding
Celebration and Chris
tening Party.
On Tuesday evening last, at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. E. Eiben, 392 Dolores
street, the fifth anniversary of their marriage
and the christening of their youngest daugh
ter was appropriately celebrated. Rev. Mr.
Schroeder performed the ceremony and de
livered a delightful speech suitable for the
occasion.
The room was tastefully decorated with
shavings and the happy couple reviewed
their friends standing in tne bay-window
under a canopy of shavings artistically ar
ranged. The center feature was a wedding
bell— an inverted wooden pail with a potato,
masher for a tongue. The invitations were
haudsomely engraved on wood. At 11 p. m.
the guests repaired to the large dining-room,
where a bounteous repast was served, inter
spersed with music and toasts by Mr. Koppen
and others.
The presents were numerous and beautiful,
consisting of every variety of woodenware.
There was a very pleasant party given last
Sunday evening, the 31stinst.. at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. Goertzhain, 1108 Hampshire
street. The halls and rooms were beautifully
decorated with flowers and evergreens and
illuminated with numerous colored lanterns.
The time passed very pleasantly, games and
amusements of all kinds being the order of the
evening. Several vocal and instrumental
selections were rendered and received with
applause, the artists being Misses Annie and
Emma Goertzhain, Miss Irene Houchin, Miss
Marguerite Michel, and Messrs.. Joseph Fitzger
ald, Westly Hatch, Henry Sale and George
Dulen. At midnight the guests were invited
to the dining-room, where a sumptuous repast
was served and toasts offered mid responded
to. Short speeches were made by Henry
Becker and .Louis Fauss. After supper the
guests returned to the parlors, where the
games, dancing and music were resumed
and kept up till tne wee small
hours. Among those present were the
Misses Annie Goertzhain, Irene llou
chin, Marguerite Michel, Emma Goertz
hain, May Beebe, Minnie Goertzhain,
Grace Smith, Lizzie Goertzhain. Maud Stone,
and Messrs. J. Fitzgerald, H. Sale, H. Goertz
liain, H. Becker, J. Flynn, C. Goertzhain, N.
Kenifick, L. Goertzhain, G. Duley, L. Fauss, M.
McCarthy, C. Rupple, C. Balmann, W. Hatch,
P. Sullivan, J. Stoudt, Hermann, Joe and
Frank Goertzhain, Mr. and Mrs. Goertzhain
and Mrs. Flower.
CLUB PARTIES.
The I. C. C. L. and Indepen
dence Social Clubs Enter
tain Their Friends.
On Friday evening, May 29, the I. C. C. L. gave
their first party at Liberty Hall, 1137 Alabama
street. The hall was beautifully decorated
and illuminated for the occasion, and at 8:45,
when the young ladies and gentlemen entered
the hall for the grand march, many charming
costumes were seen, which added greatly to
the already fairylike effect.
Refreshments were served between the num
bers, and vocal selections rendered by Messrs.
Coleman and Cathcart.
When the evening's entertainment came to
a close the participants left the hall with
happy remembrances of the pleasant evening
and anxiously looking forward to the next
gathering of the I. C. C. L.
Among those present were: Miss Lizzie
Reardon, Miss Lily Radford, Miss Agnes Hag
gerty, Miss Rota Kendrick, Miss Minnie Ma
lone, Miss Kittie Sullivan, Miss Josie Reardon,
Miss W. Fontaine, Miss Agnes Sullivan. Miss
Marguerite McCarthy, Miss Sayie Connolly,
Miss Lulu Sullivan, Miss Nelye Kendrick,
Miss Emma Gill. Miss Minnie Clifford, Miss A.
Clifford, Miss Leonore O'Connor. Miss N. Hen
nessy, Miss M. Haffev, Miss K. O'Kourke, Miss
Julia Dillon, Miss Brennan, Miss K. Powers,
Miss E. Keane, Miss A. Cain and Miss F. Dillon ;
Messrs. J. Radford, C. Fordyce, P. J. Haggerty,
NEW TO-DAY.
TS IT YOUNG, FRESH AND ATTRAC-
-- TIVE AS OF OLD, OR IS II FADING?
I have a ; process that rejuvenates and
beautifies any face, restoring : the con-
tour to the condition of youth, removing
wrinkles, loose ~ flabby skin, contracting,
restoring the muscular system of face,
thereby overcoming the double chin so
often seen in ladies who have lost their
plumpness. By this method any lady may
be restored to the youthful appearance of
years ago. The complexion assumes its
youthful coloring. Any mark, scar, puff
under eyes, red blotches, smallpox marks
forever eradicated, and an old woman
transformed into one of youth and beauty
j Will Remove the Ugliest Wrinkles.
Besides this I will give you a chance to
obtain a Face Massage Treatment or a.
Face Steaming Treatment or an applica-
tion to restore gray hair to original color
m TITDTITI
josk xiiJjij
v^T THIS
3fe? WEEK!
T^TJT T. Ladies out of city sending
llliaiJ this ad. with 10 cents in
_■ ■__ stamps, will receive a book of
Tin X instructions and a box of
y A : LOLA MONTEZ CREME
Face Powder free. ;
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
40 and 42 Geary St., San Francisco, iDal.
•i- P.S.— Superfluous hair permanently removed
by the electric needle. .;
C. Skelly, D. Reardon. A. E. Curtis, J. Ken
drick, F. Nolan, Frank Leonard, Henry Wendt,
| VV. Cathcart, J. Coleman, R. Steel t, M. Leonard,
! E^ nk , Drftd y' H - Gallagher, M. Riordan. T.
? w° U !, ke i, D - Drad yi J - McCarthy, F. Sullivan,
J. W ard, E. Mitchell. J. Davis, T. McGuire, G.
I Cummich, Thomas Mitchell, Frank Fortaine,
• Sm j l r'< T - Pc » d ergast. R. McKeon, W. Hop
per, H. Pinkham and J. Rielly.
I A most enjoyable bus ride was given by Mr.
Louis Goldstone last Sunday morning. The
i guests numbering twenty-seven in all started
I away from the corner of Hayes and Octavia
: streets at 6 o'clock a. m. nnd did not return
I until 9:30 p.m. The day was spent in sing
| ins:, dancing and games. Among those that
attended were Mr. Louis Goldstone, Miss Zettie
Stamper, Mr. I. Goldstein. Miss Stella Stamper,
Mr. Arthur Strause, Miss Sadie Newdofer, Mr.
Eddie Regeusburger, Miss Josie Strause, Mr.
Herman Stark, Miss Bertha Sfrause, Mr. Henry
Lewald, Miss Bettie Bohen, Mr. L. Hess, Miss
R. i;oldstein, Mr. Herman Lowentnal, Miss D
j Goldstein, Mr. M. Goldman, Miss Beck and
others.
Independence Social Club gave a most en
joyable entertainment and dance on Friday
evening, June 5, at Mozart Hall, 1358 Market
street. The varied and interesting programme
was well received by the large and fashionable
audience that filled the hall. Dancing to ex
cellent music brought the evening's pleasures
to a close.
The Mission Literary and Social Club will
give an entertainment and dance at Mission
Opera-hall Wednesday evening, June 10. The
comedy-drama "Peggy Green" and an ex
cellent musical and literary programme will
be i resented during the evening. As usual,
dancing will close the programme for the
evening.
ZARAGOZA RECEPTION,
Admiral Monasterio Entertains
Consul-General A. K. Coney.
Consul-General Alejandro K. Coney paid his
first official visit to Admiral A. O. Monasterio
on board the Mexican man-of-war Zaragoza
last Thursday morning.
As a special compliment to Mme. Ellen
Coursen-Roeckel, the Consul-Geneial invited
the following ladies to accompany her on
board: Mrs. James Alexander, Mile. Elena
Roeckel, MissTilley Miley, Miss Cathie Coursen,
Miss Kate Falvey, Senorita Adela de Galvez,
Mrs. William P. Stout, Miss Emilie Schneider,
Mile. Julie St. Denis and Mrs. C. McColgan. A
most delightful visit of four houTS was made
and the courteous Admiral devoted himself
most assiduously to the entertainment and
comfort of his guests.
Before the delicious luncheon was served
music was indulged in, and soon the strains of
"Zanita" (Troteres), a characteristic Spanish
serenade, were resounding through the Falon
of the gallant ship. Lieutenant Baez sang the
aria, "Eri tv," from Verdi's "Ballo in Ma>che
ra." Mme. Roeckel and Senorita de Galvez
rendered Spanish songs, Mile. Elena Roeckel
sang the cavatinafrom "Tancredi," and Miss
Cathie Coursen and Mrs. Georpie Stout the
pretty duettino from "Boccacio." Among the
pleasant incidents of the trip was the posing
for a group photograph of the ladies, the Con
sul and the officers, and also the consular sa
lute, which startled some of the ladies in prox
imity of the cannons.
Ball at Laurel Glen Farm.
The opening ball of the season was given at
Laurel Glen farm, Friday evening, May 29,
and those who had the pleasure of attending
expressed themselves as delighted with the
entertainment, which was something alto
gether novel. At 8 o'clock the guests began to
gather from far and near, and on entering the
beautiful driveway were at once enchanted
with the elegant scene. Before them in bril
liant array was the delightfully old- fashioned
residence and dance pavilion gorgeously deco
rated in beautiful ferns, wild flowers and
mosses. The grounds were illuminated by
countless Japanese lanterns suspended from
the shrubbery, lighting the pleasant walks
and quiet spots, on which were arranged in
tempting manner rustic chairs for those who
wished to rest during the intervals of the
dance.
At 8 :30 P. M. the music commenced and the
light fantastic was tripped until 11 o'clock,
when all adjourned to the sumptuously pre
pared feast under the apple trees, after which
dancing was resumed until the small hours of
the morning.
HEW TO-DAT— DRY <W^l^^^_^
CITYOF|f|jPARIS!
SUMMER CLEARANCE 1
COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 8.
Reductions General!
Deeper Cuts Than Ever!
Telling Bargains
IN EVERY DEPARTMENT.
DO NOT MISS THE OPPORTUNITY!
BESGtIKf Sf MONDAY !
. . .*■——— : ■
SB HABXjA ESPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Come Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLB IDE! PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
IN HONOR OF
MISS McKENNA.
Mrs. Donahue and Mrs.
Martin Give a Lavender
Luncheon.
Handsomely Engraved Golden
Spoons Distributed for
Souvenirs.
Twenty Young Ladies, Including
the Eight Bridesmaids, Elabo
rately Entertained.
On Thursday afternoon, at their elegant
home on Rincon Hill, Mrs. Donahue and Mrs.
Martin gave an elaborate luncheon in honor of
Miss Isabel McKenna, whose engagement to
Peter Martin was recently announced.
Twenty young ladies were entertained, in
cluding the eight bridesmaids who are to offi
ciate at the approaching marriage, which is to
be celebrated early in August.
The Donahue mansion has been the scene of
many elegant entertainments, but for perfec
tion of detail and elaborate accessories none
have ever surpassed the luncheon of Thursday.
The table was elegantly decorated with lav
ender sweet peas. In the center of the large
round table was a bank of these same fragrant
blossoms and sprays of cool, delicate maiden
hair fern. Right in the midst of the floral
adornment a banquet lamp shaded in lavender
was placed. At the plate of each guest, at
tached to the name card with tiny lavender
bows, was a handsomely engraved golden
spoon, souvenirs of the occasion.
Seated at table were: MJm McKenna, her
eight maids, the Misses Cora Smcdbcrg, Romie
Wallace, May Hoffman, Mollie Thomas Mary
Bell Gwin, Juliette Williams nnd the Mis«e»
McKenna. The other young ladies at the
| luncheon were: Miss Jennie Blair, the Misses
Burton, Miss tatherwood, Miss LOOM, Mis^
McKinstry, Miss Alice Hager, Miss Mariorie
Young, Miss Fanny Loughborough and Miss
Graham.
At an adjoining small table were seated Mr*.
Donahue, Mrs. Martin and Mrs. McKenna.
James D. Phelan gave a theater party at the
Baldwin on Thursday in honor of Miss Mc-
Kenna and Peter D. Martin, which was fol
lowed by an elaborate supper in the red room
of the Bohemian Club. A string orchestra was
in attendance, and the affair was«rery enjoy
able. Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. C. Osgi oil Hooker, Miss laaDol McKenna,
Miss May Hoffman, Miss Wallace, Miss Mary
Bell Gwin, Miss Daisy Van Ness, Peter D. Mar-,
tin, E. M. Greenway and others.
The wedding of Miss Ella V. Hobart and
Chafes A. Baldwin will take place in St.
Matthew's Church in Sen Mateo on Tuesday,
July 7, at noon. Right Rev. Bishop William
Ford Nichols will periorm the ceremony, and
it will be followed by a wedding breakfast at
the cottage of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott Hobart
in San Mateo. As the church ia quite small,
only a limited number of friends will be
invited.
Miss Hobart has already chosen two of her
bridesmaids. They will be Miss Mary Eyre
and Miss Juliette Williams.
Invitations have been issued for the wed
ding of Miss Mary Frances Hunter and Mr. O.
Shafter Howard, which will take place at 3
o'clock next Wednesday afternoon at the home
of the bride's mother, 177 Rhode Mand
avenue, Newport, R. I. Mrs. Emma Shafter
Howard, Miss Maud Howard and Karl Howard,
of Oakland, are now in Newport to attend the
wedding.
The wedding of Miss Josephine Delmas of
this City and Lionel Fitzgerald Kenny of Dub
lin, Ireland, will take place in London on Sat
urday, June 20.
The wedding of Miss Chrissy Siebe apd Dr.
W. F. Dorhmann will take place at the resi
dence of the bride's father, John D. Siebe,
2217 Sacramento street, next Thursday even
ing. Dr. Dohrmann Is the son of Frederick
Dohrmann.
The wedding of Miss Alice Bo - ncr, daughter
ot the late Charles Bonner, to Arthur Pawson
will take place next Wednesday evening at the
home of the bride, 1114 Post street.
Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Van K'helluyne Gibbs
will celebrate their golden wedding at their
residence, 722 Post street, on Wednesday even
ing, June 17. They will be assisted by their
daughters, Mrs. John Stafford and Miss Martha
P. Gibbs.
THE FORTNIGHTLY.
The Club Discusses Entertain
ingly Japan and Japanese.
"The Fortnightly" of San Mateo met at
the residence of G. W. Dickie on Tuesday
evening to discuss the Japanese and Japan.
Mr. Dickie, who has recently returned
from Japan, gave an interesting account of his
travels there and of the impressions mada on
nim by the country and people. He also ex
hibited many specimens of Japanese art and
industry. The chief object of interest was a
very large piece of embroidery depicting a
legend of Kwarnon, the goddess of mercy.
This piece was secured by Mr. Dickie with con
siderable trouble. It i.s known to have been
used as a wall-hanging at the tea ceremonies of
the Ashikaga Shoguns in the fifteenth century.
During the evening Mrs. D. F. Walker contrib
uted vocal music, and Mrs. J. H. Doane and
William S. Jack performed on pianoforte and
organ b selection of national music, including
the sentimental melody adopted by the Japan
ese as their national anthem. It was decided
that the Fortnightlies will hold meetings dur
ing the summer season. Among those present
were: Philip Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Dickie, Carl Johnstone, G. A. Kertell, Frank M.
Greenwood, C. N. Christ, C. N. Kirkbride, Wil
liam Dickie, Alexander J. Dickie, Q. W. Dickie
Jr., James Dickie, Miss Anna Dickie and Wil
liam S. Jack.BAIRD'S ADVICE ON
DISTANCE RUNNING.
Good Judgment the Great
Thing Needed for
the Racer.
Mind Should Be Developed Along
With Muscle and En
durance.
Start Off at a Lively Pace but With
out Too Much of an Effort.
One Method.
We come, in the natural course of
events, to "Distance Running." This is
from one njile to ten. It is entirely un
necctsary for a young man to train for
over ten miles; and as for racinp, he will
not have an opportunity to run five miles
even once in three years. It is a notable
fact that this country has produced very
few men who cbuld run five miles in first
class form. It is not because we have not
the material, for W. D. Day ran three
miles in 14 minutes 39 seconds, which
demonstrates that he was capable of doing
shout an v tiling that man could do.
The trouble with 'distance running in
this country is that it has not had suf
ficient encouragement, and moreover, few
athletes care to run such a long distance.
This is a pity, for if there is any exercise
that is calculated to give a man a strong
constitution it is distance running. A
man who can step out and run five miles
iv twenty-five minutes has something to
be proud of.
To be a first-class distance runner re
quires a number of qualities. Endurance
is a chief requisite, because you must
travel such a distance that it will take all
the strength out of you if you are not
hardy. Judgment is very necessary in
deed, for many a fine runner has lost a
race by losing his head and improperly
managing himself.
Concerning speed, a remark was made
to me that illustrates the ideas some peo
ple entertain about running. "I'm some
thing of an athlete myself; naw I couldn't
do much at the short distances, but on a
dog trot, for say. ten miles, I believe I
could keep up with the best of
them." I did not disabuse his mind of
such a charming illusion, but I felt a great
temptation to tell him that great runners
do not use the dog trot for ten miles. The
greatest runners do each mile in less than
five minutes and ten seconds — which is no
dog trot.
Let us have a little talk on judgment.
Now the first year is the most critical part
of an athlete's career; during that period
habits are formed that are very advan
tageous or very injurious, and therefore
the greatest care should be taken not to
fall into bad habits of training.
I have a pet theory which, while I recom
mend, I do not insist that all should prac
tice it, as it may not agree with the physi
cal and mental constitution of another. I
refer to the practice of "pace." I believe
that no distance runner can approach
within a considerable degree of his tru«
form ana speed.without the ability to per
fectly judge pace. Success in properly
measuring speed is the most important re
eult of hard work and study.
During my training 1 seldom bad any
body to run or walk with me — very sel
dom. Tnis was not through any desire to
he alone, but simply because I bad no
company. Some men would take their ex
ercise in the afternoon or not at all; some
in the forenoon. As for me I had to take
my spin whenever business would permit
me or lose my reputation. Many a time
have I walked at 8, 9, 10 and 11 o'clock at
night. It was a common thing to watch
my style by my shadow in the moonlight.
However, it is my opinion that it was the
best thing in this regard that could have
happened to me, for it taught me perfect
self-reliance. I seldom depended on any
one, for I was my own trainer, coach,
Bcorer, timer and judge. My mind devel
oped with iry muscles and was as inde
pendent of my body as apilotißindepend
ent of the 6hip he guides over the treach
erous bar. There are few distance runners
who are not dependent on somebody or
some thing during a race, and one often
hears remarks like these:
"I had the limit, but did not have any
body to judge my pace by, and walked all
wrong."
"That fellow on the same mark with me
went off at such a pace that I was afraid
he would get away from me, so hung on to
him, and we both went to pieces half
way, while the others left us complete^'."
Two things are required to overcome
these errors. First, and very important,
one must not get nervous, or in the ele
gant phrase of the day, "rattled." Such a
thing is almost fatal to tbfe prospects of an
otherwise promising athlete. You must
iearn to keep cool. Then you must learn
to judge pace. My method was as good as
any, I think.
Say that you are going to run three
miles for practice. Get a friend to hold a
stop-watch on you. It is not necessary to
be as accurate in starting as in a "hun
dred." but the time should be taken as
accurately as convetiient, for there is no
necessity of being careless. If you have
not a stop-watch, then use an ordinary,
provided it has a second hand. In this
case wait until the needle hand near? th c
top, and get on your mark. At three sec
onds let your friend say "set" and tnen
shout ''Go!" when it touches 60.
Start off at a lively pace, but without too
much of an effort. We will presume that
you are running on a quarter -mile track.
Mark the half distance, or 220 yards, and
have the timer note the time for that,
marking it down on a card. At the lap he
should do the same thing, and in fact
right on until the finish.
Now comes the important part. Take a
small 3heet ci paper; write the time as
recorded in a column on the left side.
Next figure out the individual time of each
eijrhth or quarter mile, as the casjp may be,
and put the column on the right of the
other. Now figure out the time of the
halves and the miles, and put them in the
column on the right. When your table is
complete you can familiarize yourself with
every detail of the trial— the time in which
you did the third quarter, the fifth furlong,
the second half; when you eased up too
much, and when you made an injudicious
spurt. All these matters are exceedingly
important — you will never realize how
much so until you have been beaten a lew
times by neglecting them.
Before taking up running it was a habit
of mine to walk regularly on the watch —
in fact whenever I could get any one to
favor me. The result was that I could
walk a quarter mile and inform you within
a second what the time was, or tell you
that I was going to walk 220 yards in forty
seconds, and finish within a fraction of the
stated time. I could walk a mile or any
such distance, and on reaching the post a
quarter mile from home, if given the time,
would predict the time for the full dis
tance, and would be inside two seconds of
Deing exact. This practice on the watch
relieved the monotony of walking alone
and endowed rue with the most delightful
independence and self-reliance.
Now do not suppose that because I
walked frequently on the watch I
was incessantly racing myself to death.
Not at all. I generally decided upon the
distance before starting; then I would
proceed, and my friend would inform me
at each lap the time I was making. Some
times I would prepare a schedule by com
bining the experience gained from my
trials with times made by others, and my
friend would shout after me as I would
shoot past the post "two seconds slow" or
"three seconds fast," as the case might be.
I discovered that distance runners and
walkers were in the habit of traveling in
preposterously' irregular time. After
studying all the records possible I came
to the conclusion that serious errors were
being practiced; that runners and walkers
were not studying the important subject
of judgment. The principal error seemed
to be irregularity in pace; but I also
noticed that five seconds lost in the first
quarter mile could never be made up. It
is very necessary that the pace should be
regular, that the vitality may be ex
hausted gradually.
It must be remembered that the runner
has a long way to go if he has two or three
miles to cover, and he should study every
feature of his style of locomotion. The
head should be carried erect, but the neck
should not be stiff. In running five miles
I frequently noticed that the muscles in
the back of my neck were stiff and in
clined to ache. It was from holding my
neck too stiff, but I could not help it, so
did not trouble myself unduly 'over the
matter.
The hands and arms should be carried
ea?ily at the sides; above all things do not
draw them up, bu; let them hang at the
sides, with the elbow slightly bent, and,
with arms slightly, akimbo, move them
slightly back and forth, exactly parallel to
each other. The wrists must not be stiff,
but swing in unison with the rest of" the
arm. The hands should not be clenched,
but grasping ciear-shaped corks, with the
fingers somewhat elongated, the thumb
lying against the tip of the cork.
The position of the feet in running is
worthy of great attention. For distances
up to one mile the running should be done
entirely on the toes, the heel never strik
ing the ground. Over one mile it may be
convenient lor some beginners to sink on
their heels when they get tired, as the
stiainon unused muscles may be unwise
and unnecessary. One will never become
a great runner until he can run ten miles
at a vigorous pace on the ball of his foot.
Never give up a race while you can place
one foot before another and your opponent
has not touched tue tape. The race is not
always to the swift, and those ahead of
you nifty drop in their tracks or leave tne
course, or foul some one and be disquali
fied. Moreover, it is a bad, very bad, habit
to quit. Once you acquire it you will find
that it has gained a hold on you that will
be difficult to master. I have known cases
where a runner has been overhauled
by a champion, and, after running a
short distance, stopped. He had sim
ply been frightened, and because
he did not see any use in continuing, or
because it would be presumption on his
part to continue and subject himself to
ridicule. A runner should never feel this
way. He has started out to win, and
nothing but defeat should deter him; and
it is not defeat it the scratch man spurts
up to your shoulder or the man ahead of
you seems stronger than yourself. Either
one may be taken with cramps o r their
vitality ooze out before the finish.
The outfit of a distance runner is very
small, but it should contain a pair of corks
if nothing else. These should be hand
made and as follows: Take a chunk about
three inches long and about two inches !
square. Cut this in two and carve from
each the snape of a cigar. You will find
they will fit in the hand perfectly — not
grasped in the full fist, but with the fingers
elongated as already described. It is won
derful what a comfort they are to most
long-'listance runners, absorbing the per
spiration and giving them something to
cling to— an uncontrollable desire in most
men. George D. B.urd.
CAUGHT IN THE BOWLDERS
Unpleasant Predicament of a
Chinese in the Kentucky-
Street Cut.
The cries cf a lonely Chinese coming
from the loose bowlders on the sidewalk
on Kentucky street a few nights ago at
tracted the attention of Lieutenant of
Police George Bennett. Lieutenant Ben
nett found the cause of distress to be a
badly scared Mongolian who had in some
unaccountable manner got foul of C. P.
Huntington's huge bowlders, wiiich are
permitted to remain on the sidewalk, to
the danger of pedestrians.
An examination of the Chinese's position
showed that the victim had eot in among
the fallen rocks and was thrown down,
and in falling had caught hold of one of
the bowlders and pulled it on top of him
self, forming an arch out of which he
could not get. By means of a lever in the
hands of his rescuer, the rock was rolled
back and the Chinese released from his
uncomfortable position.
These huge bowlders, with a lot of fallen
rock an d clay, have rendered the sidewalk
im passable for three blocks distant on the
east side of Kentucky street. So danger
ous are they that the wheel of a grocery
wagon was smashed a few days ago by
coming in contact with one that overhangs
the street.
Since The Call drew the attention of
the Street Superintendent to the bad con
dition of Kentucky street a gang of men
have been put to work making the neces
sary repairs.
Preparation is being made on the north
side of Twentieth street v formerly Napa)
by the Union Works for tne erection of a
two-story building, which will be used as
a bciler-shop and offices for the company.
The present boiler-shop will be turned
into a machine-shop. This change will
give more room and better facilities for
carrrins on the increased work which is
coming in every ilay.
The cutting through of Tennessee street,
between Sierra and Shasta, will be finished
in about thirty days. This opening when
made will give greater facilities for the
proposed attack on Blue Rock HilJ, which
stands on the west side of Kentucky street,
and the demolition of which every resident
in the Potrero would anxiously hail.
• The postoffice which formerly was
located at Nineteenth and Kentucky
streets has been moved with Harry R.
Harris' drugstore to the corner of Ken
tucky Jind Twentieth streets, in the new
building just finished.
♦ — ♦ •
The consumption of wheat in Britain is
reckoned at six bushels per head per an
num, which, on the basis of an estimated
population of 38,900.000, makes a total con
sumption of 233,400,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
REYNOLDS PLAYED
THE LOTTERY.
But He Was Unable to
Get His Ticket
Cashed.
The Disappointed Man Says He
Was Swindled by the
Agent.
A Small Prize and an Angry Winner.
The Chances Taken by Ticket
Buyers.
The latest victim of the lottery beats is
Michael Reynolds. He is out of pocket to
the extent of only $1 25, but he is severely
galled with the reflection that he has been
played.
It happened in this way: Last month
Reynolds bought a ticket in the Original
Little Louisiana Lottery, for which he
paid to an agent named Smith the sum of
25 cents.
The number of the ticket was 9209, and
when the results of the drawing were pub
lished the holder found that he was en
titled to a prize of $1 25. The sum was
not a very munificent one, but then it was
a clear gain of $1 to Reynolds after de
ducting the price of the ticket. He ac
cordingly hied himself to the office of
Metzger & Franklin in Wells, Fargo &
•Co.'s building on New Montgomery street
and demanded payment. Louis Metzger
said it was a bogus ticket and refused to
cash it.
Then Reynolds went to tho agent from
whom he had bought the ticket and in
dignantly requested an explanation. The
agent said it was all the result of a clerical
mistaice, and wishing to close the mouth
of Reynolds tendered him the payment of
the $1*25 prize, also 25 cents, ttie price of
ticket number 527, puschased by him,
wnich drew a blanK. These offers were
declined by Reynolds, who was determined
to expose the fraud.
Louis Metzger and Julius L. Franklin style
themselves capitalists, but in reality they
make a specialty of handling tickets issued
by the Louisiana and Mexican lotteries.
They supply the numerous agents who
are scattered over the City, and when so
inclined cash the tickets w-hich draw prizes,
but if a ticket calls for a big sum and they
see fit to pronounce.it a counterfeit there
remains no legal redress for the purchaser
if the ticket is genuine or bogus. There is
a law against the sale of lottery tickets,
but purchasers must take all the chances
involved of getting their money if they
happen to call for prizes.
Many, if not all, of the bogus tickets of
the Louisiana and Mexican lotteries are
manufactured in San Francisco and sold
on the streets.
Some time ago Joseph S. Upson was con
victed in the United States District Court
of using the mails to sell lottery tickets.
He pieaded guilty and paid a fine of $200,
but was subsequently pardoned by Gov
ernor Budd^
"THE CALL'S" STAFF SUPS
A Unique Midnight .Affair in
the Latin Quarter That
"Caught On."
Bohemia was given a new form of social
delight night before last. Neither society
nor "society" ever knew just its like be
fore, and that is the wonder of it, and that
is a little part of the charm that jeweled it.
It was discovered — invented rather — by
The Call reporters, who are always out
for something new. Newspaper men have
often and for long fretted the small and
the early hours with their "jinks." But
it is not within the recollection of local re
porters that the staff of a newspaper has
brought wives and lady friends out into
the night when midnight had passed and
the day's record of a big City was made up,
and, plunging into the "Bohemian quar
ter" of town, have with the ladies they
most respect, with a distinguished parson
'and with wine, feasting and song made
merry until the morning sun had set the
City's heights aflame.
This original social affair was a natural
and spontaneous expression of the frater
nal spirit which, under the old and es
pecially under the new management of
Thk Call, has made its internal life pecu
liar among that of newspaper offices in
the genial human kindness and loyalty
that pervades it and lightens its labors.
The idea occurred a few days ago to
John P. Cosgrave, who had to leave on
Friday to represent the paper at St. Louis.
It was quickly approved. A joint social
affair amon« newspaper men in the re
spectable hours that the rest of the world
so improve is impossible, because they
must be on watch while the rest are doing.
A small committee of arrangements en
gaged Martinelli's restaurant in the Com
mercial Hotel, arranged that the supper
should be made winsome, and made As
sistant City Editor Adam a committee
on entertainment.
When Friday's midnight came the
police reporter had on a white vest, the
"clean-up" of news was about finished,
Tom Gregory, the chief staff poet, was
hurriedly searching a dictionary of rhymes
for something to go with " izzle," and
the lire bell graciously stopped with a first
alarm.
And at 1 k$ m. there were thirty-rive
jolly good fellows in a hall prettily deco
rated with hangings, flowers and a long
table brilliant in color and crowded with
good things. What followed might not
have been just to a roysterer's liking, but
it was keenlyenjoyed by those there, and
no suspicion of regret followed its jolly
but seemly end.
Mrs. Adam convulsed the assembly with
some inimitable character imitations, E.
C. Stock told dialect stories, Tom Gregory
and F. L. Perkins displayed their consid
eration by not singing, Frank Lister sang
to guitar accompaniment, and there were
a rendering by Mr. Logan, piano selections
by Mrs. L. Seidenberg and brief contribu
tions by others.
A little period of serious and apprecia
tive talk about the affair followed Sam W.
Wall's reading of his clever bear poem at
about 4a. m. C. M. Coe, president of the
Press Ciub; G. W. Mack'rett, J. H. Griifes,
M. J. White and others of the staff ex
pressed the sentiments oi all regarding
the gratifying success of the affair.
A committee was appointed on the sug
gestion of L. D. Adam to arrange a simi
lar getting together a month hence and a
plan to make the institution a permanent
one. "Auld Lang Syne," "America" and
"Home, fcweet Home" came with the end.
Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs! L. D. Adam, Mr. and Mrs. L.
Seidonberg, Mr. and Mrs. F. N. Hackett, Mr.
and Mr?. J. H. Griffes. Mr. and Mrs. & W. Wall,
Miss Nellie Binckley, Miss M. E. Lister, Mis. E.
V. Newhoff, Mrs. J. P. Cosgrave, Miss Belle
Newhoff. Mrs. Lnella Green Harton, Miss Die
fendorf, Rev. Dr. W. L. Birch, J. A. Filcher, (J.
H. Coe, M. J. White. Frederick Bishop, J. O.
Denny, E. W. Parker, Henry Logan, F. L. Per
kins, E. C. Stock, George W. Maokrett, Frank
Lister, George. Adam, Thomas Gregory.
Younp men or old shouirl not fall lo read Thomas
Slater's advertisement on page 32.
GLEAIUNGE PUBS ME MIMIS BARGAINS!
Last week's overwhelming response to the Reductions with which we opened our
GREAT SACRIFICE CLEARANCE SALE guarantees an equally favorable reception for the
following and the many other equally POWERFUL BARGAINS OFFERED THIS WEEK,
which, though they indicate ASTOUNDING and in some cases ALMOST INCREDIBLE
CUTS IN PRICES, will be found exactly as stated in every instance, as a personal inspection
of the styles and qualities offered is all that is required to convince any one that this is
THE GREATEST VALUE-GIVING SALE EVER INAUGURATED !
LADIES JAPES! .
At $1.45.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, of
■ tan, black and navy ladies' cloth,
neatly braided, neck finished with
rucking of ribbon and lace, worth $3 50,
will be closed out at $1 45 each.
At $1.75.
LADIES' SINGLE RIPPLE CAPES, of
ladies' cloth, in shades of tan, navy
and black, neatly braided, worth $4 50,
will be closed out at $1 75 each.
At $2.50.
LADIES' FULL RIPPLE SINGLE
CAPES, of twilled cheviot, in black,
tan and navy, embroidered in contrast-
int; colors, niching of ribbon an 1 lace,
worth $5, will be closed out ftt $2 50
each.
At $3.50.
LADIES' SHORT RIPPLE CAPES, of
black velvet, lined with twilled silk,
neatly braided, neck finished with
niching and bow of satin ribbon, worth
$ti 50, will be closed out at $3 50 each.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 30 Cents.
37 pieces 38-INCH ALL PURE WOOL
STORM SERGE, former price 50c, will
be closed out at 30c a yard.
At 40 Cents.
27 pieces 50-INCH IRON-FRAME AL-
PACA, former price 60c, will be closed
out at 40c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
35 pieces 44-INCH FINE FIGURED
ENGLISH MOHAIRS, former price
75c, will be closed out at 50c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
25 pieces 42-INCH ALL PURE WOOL
GERMAN JACQUARDS, in a variety
of new and elegant designs, former
price 85c, will be closed out at 50c a
yard.
IjU Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
k "Book whist-players" is the name that
is generally applied to whist students. A
physician of considerable prominence, in
the presence of a number of whist students,
made the following remarkable statement,
which struct me at the time would be a
good subject for a few lines in our waist
column. H«s said: "I have played whist
for twenty-five years; I am no 'book
player' and I have no use for that kind of
a game. My style of a game is based on
what I cafl good common-sense, and I
don't want to know any more about it
than I do now."
Such a remark coming from a gentleman
supposed to be educated in bis own pro
fession was surprising, to put it mildly. If
he practices his profession as he plays at
the game of whist, without any "book
knowledge,"" as he calls it, what a fearful
mess he must make of it! It puts me in
mind of a little incident that occurred in
connection with a small launch we have
in Sausalito. Awhile ago we hired a man
to take charge of and run it. We taught
him how to start the engine and how to do
one or two other necessary things. He
soon eot so* he could navigate the boat
very well and in a couple of weeks we felt
a little more comfortable with him in
charge. At the end of a month I brought
him a bock which gave in detail every lit
tle obstacle that was liable to come up and
how to overcome it, in the working of the
engine, etc. I asked him to read" it, and in
about five minute? he returned it to- me
saving, "Them books can't teach me noth
ing."
So in our whist experiences we find peo
ple evory day that are "training" with
wooden "guns loaded, and with what?
Men constituted with such peculiar men
tal faculties are those we hope to reach
and point out the value of a little applica
tion and study, or what they terra "book
knowledge." It is hardly possible that
these people will say that Trist, Cavendish,
Drayson, Pole, Ames. Work, Hamilton and
others are not men of wonderful whist
knowledge and ability, men who have.de
voted years of time and study to the scien
tific principles of this beautiful game. No
one will doubt but what they were as
sisted in their researches by the writings
of learned men quite as able as themselves
that lived years before they did.
Does it not stand to reason, if all these
great writers agree on the essential points
and fundamental principles of the game of
whist, that if you follow their advice you
are doing about the right thing? In all
instructions that you get from the great
whist authorities the object you wish to
attain, or the end in view, is to learn how
to make the most out of every hand you
hold; in other words, to understand how
to win where others lose. When the great
mathematician, Sir William Pole, tells, in
his "Philosophy of Whist," that once in
so many deals you will hold one, two,
three, four, or thirteen trumps, you are
not goinsr to be foolish enough" to sit down
and try to figure it out yourself. Neither
would you be foolish, enough to go
straw berrying in a patch where you knew
a hundred school children were let loose
and stripped the vines. Why not profit
by the experience and years of hard study
of others? -You don't hay« to follow
blindly any teachings; the game of whist
is of such infinite variety that it is impos
sible to. do more than give you a general
idea of v/bat you should do. Like the
charts that guide the mariner in navigat
ing the seas, like the buoys and beacon
lights that keep the ship's' pilot in the
Channel and off the rocks, so whist books
and whist authorities point the way you
should go to reach the goal. It is left to
your own sweet will to follow their advice,
or mope on blindly in the dark.
An Interesting Deal at Whist.
The deal we give below came in ulay at
the Trit-t Duplicate Club rooms a short
while ago and is a beautiful illustration of
the finesse obiigatory.
We aflirour readers to lay out the hand,
! COLORED DJBESS GOODS i
IUIiUiIMJ UiiEiuu uUUUo 1
At 25 Cents.
65 pieces FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH
FIGURED CHALLIES, reduced from
50c to 25c a yard. _ : ; /:
At 25 Cents.
72 pieces 39-INCH - ALL-WOOL BLACK
AND WHITE CHECKS, reduced from
75c to 25c a yard. • .\, i^ „ . .
1 At 35 Cents.
105 pieces INCH ALL-WOOL CHECK-
ED CHEVIOTS, reduced from 50c to
35c a yard. •" '■'.
At 50 Cents.
'92 pieces 42-INCH ALL-WOOL GRANITE
SUITING, reduced from 75c to 50c a
yard. .■'■•.
HOSIERY !__HOSIERY! ,
At 20 Cents a Pair.
i LADIES' BLACK LISLE - THREAD
HOSE, high-spliced heels ana toes,
• warranted fast and stainless black,
worth 33>^c, reduced to 20c a pair.
At 25 Cents a Pair.
LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED MACO
COTTON HOSE, high-spliced heels
and toes, assorted tan shades, worth
40c, reduced to 25c a pair.
. dresdeoFbbons!
■ At 30 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBON, extra
quality, all silk, value 50c, reduced to
. 30c a yard. j. •. ',\- •_%'-
At 50 Cents.
FANCY DRESDEN RIBBON, 5 inches
wide, assorted colors, value 75c, re-
duced to 50c a yard.
T A TVTT7C!' QTTUT If I^T? W A TCTQ Our recent GIGANTIC PURCHASE
LADIEb bllMMrJi WAlolh. of ladies 1 summer waists,
comprising all the newest fashionable shapes in SILK AND WASHABLE FABRICS,
will be cleared out AT ABOUT HALF PRICE.
,4
§f Murphy Building, /
Market and Jonss Streets.
With the Whist Players.
play it as they ordinarily would and then
overplay it. It is very instructive to the
student.
In making the finesse it is impossible to
lose by the play. "'
s.— a, 5, 4
H.— K, 8, 2
C.-X, J, 10, 8, 5
D.-A.Q
S.-K.Q.8.6.3 - »" N S.-J, 10
H.— A, 5 iv -p. H.— J. 10, 4
C.-Q, 5, 4 . V * '0.-9,7,2
D.-6, 4, 3 ' . "q. ' D.-J.lO, 9, 7, 2
8.-9. 7, 2 -
H.— 9, 7, 6, S
C— A, 8
D.— X, 8, 5
9 clubt trumps. South to lead.
The winning card is underscored.]
Trick South. West. North. East.
1 H.-6. H.-5. H.-K. H.-4
2... C-A. C— 4. C— lo. C— 2
3........C^87 C.-5. C— T. C-7 '■•:
4. ...... .8.-2. C— Q. C— X. c 9
6... H.-3. H.-A. ' U.S. H.-10
6 &-7. s7-a - s.— a. a— lo
7 ..H.-Q. D.— 3. H.-2. ■'. H.-J.
8 .-..57^9. D.-4. S.-4. • D.—2
9 hT^7. ' D.-6. S.— s. D.— 7
10 D.-X. S.-3. P.- A. '. D-
-11 D.— 6 S.— 6. I>.-Q. X).— lo
12 D.-S. 8.-8. C.-6. D.— J.
15... S.— 9 I S.-K. . 1.-3. 8— J.
Score : N.-S.. 12; K.-W., 1. r ... ;,
COMMENT ON THE PLAY.
Trick I— South makes the conventional
lead— fourth best heart.
Trick 3— North makes the usual finesse
in trumpa. He can read his partner has
but one more trump at most, and if the
queen is in East's hand once guarded it
will make in any event.
Trick 4— North now knows his partner
has no. more trumps and continues the
lead, hoping to catch both queen and nine.
Trick s— South can mark the two of
hearts with his partner ; this enables him to
p>aee the entire heart suit except the jack.
If West has it with the ace that is marked
in his hand, both will make, whether he
covers the ten or not. This is the play in
the whole deal; by passing he saves his
queen to capture the jack, if it is with
East: It is certain North can get in with
his remaining trump and lead hearts
again.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The question of misdealing comes under
the head of law 17, A. W. L. code.
It is a misdeal. If the dealer omits to
have the pack cut and his adversaries dis
cover the error before the trump card is
turned and before looking at any of their
cards.
2. If he deals a card incorrectly and fails
to correct the error before dealing another.
3. If he counts the cards on the table or
in the remainder of the pack.
4. If, having a perfect pack, he does not
deal to each player, the proper number of
cards and the error is discovered before all
have played to the first trick.
5. If he looks at the trump card before
the deal is completed.
6. if he places the trump card face down
ward upon hi 9 own or any other player's
cards.
A misdeal loses the deal, unless during
the deal either of the adversaries touches a
card or in any other manner interrupts the
dealer.
Yes, and the following are a few of the
great whist lights of the world who will
be in attendance at the Brooklyn Whist
Congress: Eugene S. Elliott, founder of
the A. W. L. ; Henry Jones (Cavendish),
W H Whitrield, Nicholas Browse Trist,
Fisher Ames, the Whist Queen (Kate
Wheelock), C. D. P. Hamilton, Milton C.
1 York, John T. Mitchell, John H. Briggs,
George L. Bunn, Cassius M. Paine, editor
of Whist, Walter H. Barney, E. Le Roy
Smith, Heury K. Dillard, the wonderful
blind whist-player, Theo Schwarz, presi
dent American Whist League.
In answer to the question what is the
best system of play for teams of four from
two clubs, we give below the American
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS-
SILK DEPARTMENT !
At 12M Cents a Yard.
100 pieces ALL-SILK PONGEE, former
price 20c, will be closed out at 12>£c a
yard.
At 20 Cents a Yard.
100 pieces ALL-SILK PONGEE, former
price 30c, will be closed out at 20c a
yard.
At 35 Cents a Yard.
80 pieces 24- INCH FIGURED AND
STRIPED EVENING SILKS, former
price $1, will be closed out at 35c a
yard.
At 50 Cents a Yard.
60 pieces FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA
SILK, former price 75c, will be closed
out at 50c a yard.
LACES! LW! LACES!
At 15 Cents a Yard.
1480 pieces Black, Cream and Butter Chan-
tilly and Applique, Black Net-Top
Bourdon, Butter and Ivory Lierre and
Oriental, Black Chantilly Guipure and
Linen Shade Batiste Insertions, regu-
lar price 30c and 35c, reduced to 15c a
yard.
At 35 Cents a Yard.
832 pieces Butter, Ivory, Cream and Black
Applique; Black, Cream and Butter
Chantilly, Ivory and Butter Lierre and
Oriental Laces, regular price 90c and
$1, reduced to 35c a yard.
NEW DREISJRIMMINGS!
In JET AND COLORED YOKES we are
showing an immense variety of patterns
and qualities, all marked down to very
low prices.
COLORED SPANGLE AND JET GIMPS
in all widths, and in a very iarge variety
of patterns and qualities, at very low
prices^
\gl{jf Murphy Building, I
Market ail Jones Streets. '
Whist League Schedule for two-table du
plicate in teams of four, to govern all
challenge matches for the .A. W. L.
trophy; adopted by the Pacific Coast
Whist Association in playing for the
Rideout trophy : .
Table No. 1 24 deawi. Table No. 2.
< $ - £ - aJ$ I . -g •X ]
!■ |. •: >r ■ =ji- I s £
land 2 against 5 and 6 7 and H against 3 and 4
1-2 " T, " 8!5 -6 . " 3 " 4
1 « 3 « 5 " 716 " 8 " 2 " 4
1 " 3 . " • 6 •' 8 5 " 7 ■". 2 " 4
1-4 '• 5. " 8 6 " 7 » 2 " 3
1 .. 4, » 6 " 7 5 .. 8 " 9 " 3
Number the players of the challenging
club team 1, 2, 3 and 4; the home team 5,
6, 7 and 8. • - /
When starting in to play take positions
as scheduled above, deal out four hands,
two at each table, turn the trump and re- j
cord it on a. trump card, as the law directs. |
When the two hands are played at each j
table, exchange, play the other two, then |
all change (except No. 1, who always sits
North), then deal four more hands, and so
on to the finish. The score is kept in
blocks of four, compared, and announced
at the end of every four deals.
Yes, The Call will have a special cor- j
respondent at the Brooklyn congress and j
will publish everything in our whist J
column that takes place there that will
interest whisters on the Pacific Coast.
Our whist editor has just received a
letter from President J. E. Schwab of the !
Nashville Whist Club and captain of the
team that won . the American Whist
League trophy at Minneapolis last sum
mer. Inclosing he says: "The Nashville
Guerrillas will be on hand at the Brooklyn
congress when the bell taps to begin play.
D.P. P."
The " full score of the Vallejo Whist
Club vs. the San Francisco Whist Club
was published in our whist column on i
May 17. • • ' "-/."':
WHISTLETS.
Robert H. Weenis, corresponding secre
tary of the American Whist ; League and
chairman of the tournament committee,
will accompany. "Cavendish" on his return
to England, leaving New York on the Lu
cania July 4.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club gave its
last reception to its members and guests
last Saturday evening that will take place
until the . summer vacations are over.
The clubrooms were beautifully decorated
with ferns and flowers, interspersed with
electric lights. Many of the ladies and
gentlemen were in full evening dress. It
was an evening long to be remembered,
and the ladies "house committee" did j
everything to make every one "at home." i
The prizes for the month were distributed. !
During the summer guests are invited on i
all. whist evenings— Thursdays
and Saturdays.
The Oakland Whist Club finished their
regular evenings of .whist last Saturday.
From now until some time in August the
members will "go as they please," a sort
of vacation. This is a good idea. Ten
months in the year is about as long as |
you can J run tournaments and have the |
interest keep up. The: clubs on this side |
of the bay should "follow suit." ' , -
"I don't see what enjoyment you can
find in playing whist night after night."
"iTou don't? My dear boy; the game
i gives more opportunity of calling your
fellow-men asses, fools and idiots than
any other possible social occasion."
We have received a great many letters
for free sample copies of Whist for May. j
If any one has failed to receive a copy |
please notify us and we will send another.
. Monday evening last the San Francisco
Whist Club gave, their monthly entertain
ment. Their rooms were filled with mem
bers and their friends. The play was
straight whist, two prizes being given.
After the game refreshments were served.
Notice was given that this entertainment
was the last that would be given until Sep
tember.
During the* vacation months of June,
July and August, 1896, the tournament
games will be conducted as at present
without prizes, except on Monday even- j
in, June 15, Wednesday evening, July 15,
and Saturday evening, August 15, when i
GREAT LINEN SALE!
M" For Wash Goods and Blanket
, SALESsee "£xaminrr" and ''Chronicle"
! GOOD BLEACHED TABLE DAM- ) S)fi n
ASK, 58 inches wide, that was > — "t>
35c, reduced to ) Yard.
% IRISH LINEN BLEACHED. _^
NAPKINS, 21 inches square,! \)q(*,
well and closely woven, thatf -rv^_
were $1 50, reduced to ' . voz '
! ANOTHER LOT CHECK IRISH.
( LINEN GLASS TOWELING. 01 0
18 inches wide, that was lOci" "4t<
yard, reduced to ..'.
500 dozen PURE SCOTCH. LINEN v^ „,
TOWELS, size 22x41 inches (an I J: 5C
extra grade and very large), ( p__i,
. that were $2 75 doz., reduced to ' acn -
-45 pieces good grade BLEACHED, X■»
TABLE DAMASK, well made'/ SDC5 DC
and in good designs, that wasj" Yard
70c a yard, reduced to ' iaru#
50 dozen TURKISH TOWELS, ) 1 (\ ft
half bleached, 44 inches long. > 1"L»
that were $2 dozen, reduced to. ) Each.
NOTE— A large lot of Remnants of
| Table Damasks, Crashes, etc., the accumu-
lation of last week's sale, to be clpsed out
this week. i--r
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At JO Cents.
120 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' SEAM-
LESS COTTON HALF HOSE, in
brown, tan, slate and mottled colors,
with double heels and toes, regular
price 15c, marked down to 10c per pair.
At 65 Cents.
64 dozen MEN S FINE AUSTRALIAN
LAMBS' WOOL UNDERSHIRTS
•AND DRAWERS, medium weight,
regularly sold at $2 a suit, marked
down to 65c eacb gdTnient.
w(J Murphy Building, /
Market ail Jones Streets.
two prizes will be awarded each evening to
the winners.
Ladies' games Tuesday and Saturday
afternoons will be continued. Games
Tuesday afternoons will be conducted for
four prizes at end of each month to tho*e
having played at least twice each month
and iiav'ngthe highest average, with part
ners chosen by lot. Lady members may
play in these games and select their par;
ners, but their score will not be considered
in awarding prizes. Each Wednesday
evening members are requested to invite
friends interested in whist and likely to
become .club members. Printed invita
tions can be procured at clubrooms, and
we hope members will U3e them freely.
The greatest bane of Queen Victoria*
existence is the enormous amount of orini
nsl "poetry" sent to her from all parts of
the world. On the birth of the Duke of
York's second son, nearly half a ton of
manuscript was received at Windsor.
NEW TO-PAT.
SlS^t.liiWTn' a^ ? " B ~'"' i ' £ ''' LA ' iir * jr% * yq *'^ tr::g " te ** l^*^^3
Ride _ I
A &
I Monarch 1
AID KEEP IS FROST! 1
I Monarch- Cycle Mfg. Co., |
3 AND 5 FRONT ST., |
SAN FRANCISCO. |
CHAS. BROWN & SON, 807 Market g
Street, Agent. f»j
C. F. SALOMONSON & CO., Twelfth U
and Franklin, Oakland. Agent. H
FOR
m Fine Tailoring
Jsf Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
■^rff'fv Moderate Piices, go to
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Pi ices, go to
JOE POKEIM
THE TAILOR.
Stfjm PANTS made to order from $4.9?
1 I SUITS made to order from $iS.OQ
$j a MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!;
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
«AN FRANCISCO.
RADWAY'S
PILLS,
."•'• .''.'■ ■ ■ :' •- ■ -..-,,-e _-..;"'• .
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. . Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of the ' food, causa
a healthy action of the Liver and render (he BoweU
natural in their opera', on without griping
2122
H3i£ . ti&UL
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free :
Dally and Sunday CAll, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily, and Sunday Call, one year, by mail. . . . 6.00
Daily and Sunday Cam., six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cai/*., three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
WIIUI Call, one year, by mail >• 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are on going to the country on a vacation ? If
so. It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
HO KXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Ma!n-186%
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
• :S0 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
718 Lartin street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
bW, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; o?en until 9 o'clock.
113 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway. ,
EASTERN OFFICE:
Scorns 31 snd 32, 84 Park Kow, New York City.
DAVIb 51. I'OLTZ, Special Agent-
SUNDAY..". Jt'XE 7, 1896
Irili CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Preachers may talk of Bt. Paul to-day,
but most people will think of St. Louis.
To a man who wishes the Presidency,
the Vice-Presidency, is a vanity and a
vexation of spirit.
The shirt waist with a fur cloak is a San
Francisco combination which the East
cannot hope to imitate.
The .Democrats may call their little
affair a party, but is more like what is
known in society as a route.
While the Senate delays adjournment
Ine House puts in its_ time unseating
Democrats, aud is having great fun.
To those who rind entertainment in good
reading The Call is about as good a Sun
day resort as any that can be found.
Read our sumrrer resort advertisements
and you will see it is not necessary to go
out of California to have a good time.
We must have public improvements, we
must have economy, an J what is more, we
must have them both at the same time.
The silence of McKinley is more inter
esting to Democrats just now than all the
talk of all their candidates put together.
When you reach your summering place
you will wish The Call every day, so you
had better leave orders for it before you
start.
No citizen of S.in Francisco ever has to
co oui of town to rind a caanj;s of climate.
He can do it almost any day by simply
crossing the street.
It seems the silver men can carry the
Democratic party easily enough, but they
will never get to the White House as long
as they are loaded with it.
The St. Paul did not grind her keel on
the Jersey coast for nothing. She sharp
ened it enough to break the record for
speedy time in crossing the Atlantic.
Taking its pleasure grounds in connec
tion with the bay and the ocean San Fran
cisco has as varied an assortment of sum
mer resorts as any State in the Union.
The Continental League is one of the
big successes of the work of the campaign
so far,, and it will do much to make the
whole campaign a success from start to
finish.
The celebration of the millennial of the
kingdom of Hungary raises an instinctive
conjecture of the sort of celebration we
wiJl have when our country is a thousand
years eld.
It «corns certain the refunding scheme
has been beaten for this session, and we
have thus a clear proof that the railroad is
not hnlf as powerful as represented by its
sti pf rstitious votaries.
One of the saddest things in connection
with l iie cyclone disasters is that the peo
ple who live in those wind-blasted lands
haven't sense enough to get out of them
and come to California.
•
Senator Mantell says the Eastern preju
dice against the free coinage of silver at
ihe ratio of Itf to 1 will disappear in a few
years. It ought, however, to disappear
this year, and the West should vigorously
push t lie campaign of education.
The Continental League has been most
fortunate in the selection of its rqotto,
"Spirit of ; 76." This campaign is to be a
contest for the independence of American
industry, and it will be a campaign of
patriotism all the way through.
The coming of the yellow fever season in
Cuba puts an end to any possibility of an
aggressive campaign on the part of the
Spaniards. Ali that Spain can do now is
to prolong the agony, and our Government
would certainly be justified in interfering
to prevent that
In the general interests of peace, quiet
ness and public welfare there should be
appointed in Sacramento a permanent
board of arbitration to settle all contro
versies between the Bee and the various
courts and Judges of that section of the
commonwealth.
That the assessments of tbe property of
corporations in this City have been too
low is beyond question, but the remedy
for the evil is to be found not in dema
gogue denunciations of tbe past bat in
devising plans to make sure of honest,
fair and equitable assessments in' the
future.
The seeds of the silver tree which have
just been received at Washington have
certainly arrived at a propitious time. It
is said that all efforts heretofore to propa
gate the tree have failed, and if the silver
seed does not sprout in this country this
year the task of propagation might as well
be abandoned altogether.
It will be remembered that some time
ago Dr. Morgan of New York was found to
have plagiarized a sermon from a certain
Dr. Putnam. A Boston man now claims
that Putnam stole many of the best pas
sages of that same sermon from Rufus
Choate, and before we are through with it
tbe gist of the argument may be traced
back to Melchisede t.
TAX PAYERS AND TAXSHIEBEBS.
While the revelations made concerning
the tax returns of Judge Wallace are the
most conspicuous and in some respects
the most important features of the cases
now in process of trial against Assessor
Siebe, the people should not overlook the
fact that the disclosures made show a de
gree of unfairness and falseness in the
manner of assessing property for taxation
in this City which is a serious injury to
honest taxpayers.
There is a certain amount of money
needed every year by the municipal gov
ernment to pay current expenses and to
carry out necessary improvements. If the
wealth of the City is fairly assessed this
sum can be raised at a comparatively low
rate of taxation. If, however, the prop
erty of wealtny corporations and wealthy
citizens is undervalued by the Assessor
the rate of taxation must be raised and.
the burden unduly increased upon the
citizen of ordinary means.
The trial of the two cases apainst Siebe
has brought to light the facts that the
Market-street Railway system is assessed
for but $4,000,000, while it is bonded for
$17,000,000, and the personal property of
Judge Wallace is assessed for bnt $1900,
while it is insured for $9000. It is an easy
inference from these facts that the prop
erty of other powerful corporations and of
other rich men is also assessed far below
the value that it has on the market. How
far this system of false assessments has
been carried is not known, but enough is
known to show that the average property
owner is being heavily taxed in order that
the rich taxshirker may escape.
The fact that the. suit against Siebe for
making oath to a false assessment on the
Market-street Railroad has Deen brought
before a Democratic Judge by a Demo
cratic demaeogue on the eve of an election
for what seems the very evident object
of making capital for partisan purposes
ought not to prejudice the public mind
against the element of truth that is
brought to the surface durine the turmoil.
It is, of course, right enough to condemn
suits of this kind, and The Call has been
prompt to do it. Nevertheless, we must
not close our eyes to the revelations that
iiare been made. Nor must we forget that
when the rich have been allowed to escape
taxation tne poor have been deliberately
robbed.
The only profit that can .probably be
drawn from the suits is a determination
on the part of the people to devise ana
put into force a remedy tor the evijs they
have disclosed. That remedy cannot be
found in the sb-am lawsuits of a dema
gogue, nor in denouncing past offenses.
It can be wisely sought only in some
plan for preventing similar evils in the
luture. A taxpayers' league should be
organized to watch the coming assess
ment. If it is unfairly made a protest
should be laid before the Supervisors.
Tue way is open to take care of the future,
but we can do nothing as regards the past.
Let us, therefore, look to the future and
see that justice is done.
THE DANCE AND OUR DUTY.
The time for the regular quadrennial
dance of the National Democratic party is
drawing near, and those who prefer the
razor are hunting grindstones, and those
who prefer the hip-pocket gun are in
search of ammunition stores, politically
speaking, of course The leaders appear
to have given up ail hope of preventing
a row, and it is not expected that much
effort will be made to persuade the com
batants to shake hands over the spot
where the bloody chasm is to be dug.
The leaders as well as tbe lank and file
seem to have lost sight of the mission
of the party on the earth, which hitherto
has been to secure to the party oppor
tunity to "serve the people." A burning
desire to dance the dance of death seems
to have seized upon the several factions.
Any Kind of a nag is a red nag to bulls
already frothing with rage, and it looks
now as if there would be red flags waving
all over Chicago. .
But while there may be pleasure in see
ing the Democratic bulls going down be
fore a toreador of hatred, tbe Republican
party must not conclude tliat it will have
h quiet and easy walkover. O. course the
S*. Louis nominee will be elected by an
overwnelming majority, but the victory
should be so complete and far-reaching in
effect that the country will not be both
ered with Democracy for a decade or more.
The only danger to the Republican party
lies in the streak of human nature which
prompts a man to feel that he is not
needed; that there will be enough without
him. There never was more need of
thorough organization, for the National
fijrlit is not the onlj one the party has on
its hands. If there is lack of organization
for the Presidential contest there will also
be lack of organization for local work. Do
not let the dance of the Democrats make
us forget that we have work to do.
IT MEANS MUCH.
The opening of the fian Joaquin Val
ley Railroad between Stockton and Mer
ced last Thursday was an event full of
meaning to the commercial interests of
the San Joaquin Valley and to the whole
of California as well. The additional
transportation facilities which this road
will give to the country tributary to it
were needed for the competition they af
ford with Huntington's railway octopus.
Tbe people of the valley have suffered
greatly in the past at the arbitrary and
crabbing hands of the Southern Pacific,
and it is a good deal to them to have a
new outlet in the hands of men who will
deal with them on live and let live prin
ciples.
The corporation owning the Valley road
will extend the road southward and give
still other communities facilities to reach
the metropolis at iair and reasonable
rates. But what is better still is that the
company is almost sure to reach out in
other directions and eventually relieve
the rural districts, more especially, of the
oppressive traffic tariffs which the Hunt
ington system has imposed upon them
for so long. It took nerve and money to
build a railway to compete with the
Southern Pacific, but the owners of the
San Joaquin Valley Railroad have plenty
i of both.
TO " START A PANIC."
If it is true that there is a Wall-street
scheme to "start a panic" to "influence
the St. Louis and Chicago nominations,"
the parties to the conspiracy should be ap
prehended and tried* for treason. Blind
partisanship and sectional hatred, the
harvest of seed sown by ambitious men,
caused Fort Sumter to be fired upon, and
it is charitable to say that the dreadful
consequences which followed the act were
not foreseen by many of those who par
ticipated in it, but it is very different with
this Wall-street scheme. Here is a de
liberate plan of rich and powerful men to
accomplish a fiendish purpose. It is to
create a money stringency and thereby
clog the wheels of the Nation's commerce
to coprce the people into subjection to
money-lending and bond-speculating
syndicates.
Such a scheme is the outcome of a de
i liberately laid plan to place never-ending
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
mortgages upon all that the people now
have or may acquire, to the end that the
conspirators may bold tbe people in f eir
iron grasp to squeeze them when they
show signs of wealth accumulation. A
more dastardly outrage upon the people
could not be perpetrated, and if the con
ventions can be driven from their moor
ings, which is a purpose to furnish oppor
tunity for the widest possible distribution
of the country's wealth increases, there
will be little use hereafter for National or
any other kinds of party conventions. If
Wall street is allowed to paralyze the busi
ness operations of every mechanic, of
every farmer, of- every merchant, of every
mill, of every factory, and of all other
kinds of enterprise when its methods and
policy are questioned, it were better to
make Wall street the center of control and
authority for the whole country and thus
relieve the people of the expense of main
taining a government at Washington.
It need not be said, for it is well known,
that what Wall street is aiming at is the
prevention of the adoption of a policy by
the St. Louis ana Chicago conventions
which would be likely to secure to the
business interests of the country a volume
of circulating money equal to their re
quirements. Wall street wants that al
ways there shall be a scarcity of loanable
money, so that it can not only control the
volume in circulation, but control the val
ues of all products as well. This threat of
Wall street furnishes a good deal of food
for thought, and the more the people
think about it the better will they be pre
pared to stand up for their rights, among
which is the right to meet in convention
and declare their choice of theories of gov
ernment without first being obliged to get
Wall street's permission.
NAVAL ENGINEERS.
Until recently, comparatively speaking,
there was no occasion for considering the
engineer on board a warship of great con
sequence. Of course he was supposed to
be a skilled mechanic, and capable of mak
ing any ordinary repairs, but to raise him
to the dignity of "officer of the staff corps
of the navy" was not thought of by him
self or any one else. In these days of all
machinery and no sails, however, the
engineer is one of the leading factors in a
ship's crew. He is no longer a mere ma
chinist who has served his apprenticeship,
but he is by education, practical expe
rience and observation as thorough in the
science of mechanics 8 s the >>' aval Acad
emy graduate is in navigation. Indeed,
the Naval Academy makes no distinction
between the cadet who is fatting himself
for the bridge and the cadet who is fitting
himseif for the engine-room.
We may say, furthei, that in the near
future an officer will not be considered
fully capable to command on deck if he
cannot command with understanding in
the machinery department. The Call is
pleased to see that Congress, by the advice
of the Navy Department, is favorably con
sidering a bill which shall give to the
engineer the rank and position in the
service to which he is entitled, The bill
provides that the rank of the engineer
corps shall be captain, commander, lieu
tenant, junior lieutenant, ensign and
cadet. The engineer who is assigned
to be the chief of the bureau of en
gineering shall le known as director
general, with the rank of rear-admiral.
He will have under him two inspector
generals with the rank of commodore,
and the authority of the bureau will be
extended greatly while ships are under
constructi6n.
The purpose of the proposed legislation
is of course to increase the efficiency of the
navy, but the Naval Committee of Con
gress is perfectly aware that the modern
warship is dependent upon the skill,
bravery and discipline of the machinery
department to "get thar quick and get
away quick,' 1 as a certain general used to
say. But to accomplish that and do
justice to one of the most important de
partments of the navy the purpose is to
raise the' standard of qualification to a
parity in every respect with every other
class of officers. In other words it will be
as honorable to wear the epaulets of a
naval engineer as the epaulets of any other
kind of a naval officer with equal rank.
A LUMINOUS STAR.
The Star of yesterday shed a luminous
ray upon the attitude of Judge Wallace in
relation to his duties as a taxpayer and as
an administrator of the law. The disclos
ures of the Star strengthen the position
taken by The Call in this controversy, and
we are the more pleased since the Star is
not a Republican journal and cannot be
charged with having a political bias
against either the Democratic Judge
whose character is at stake or the Demo
cratic demagogue who first raised the issue
by bringing a sham suit against Siebe.
It not infrequently happens that we are
called upon to commend the course of the
Star, and we do so with pleasure, for in our
policy of speaking for all it is ever pleas
ing to give credit to a journal that main
tains the right against corruption and
wrongdoing.
THE STUDY OF CITIZENSHIP.
Setting aside the question of the en
franchisement of woman, the study of the
philosophy of citizenship and the science
of government is incumbent upon men
and women alike. It is not all of citizen
ship to participate in political campaigns
and vote on election days, nor is it all of
citizenship to be ready to take up arms in
defense of the country. These are duties,
however, that devoive upon every citizen
who has the right of suffrage, as occasion
requires, but the performance of them,
except in connection with all other duties
of citizenship, weakens rather than
strengthens the superstructure of the
government. Tne foundation is, of course,
the eternal iaw of right, liberty and jus
tice, but the foundation is to build upon.
The character, beauty and stability of the
edifice necessarily reflects the strength of
character, moral beauty and stability of
purpose of those who build, improve and
maintain it.
In the building up of apolitical govern
ment every soeie !, ethical and commercial
interest is involved, and if one is weak
ened by neglect or other cause there is
weakness everywhere, for "every bridge is
as strong aB its weakest point." Every
citizen is some part of the bridge over
which his fellow-countrymen must pass
from to-day to tomorrow. The study of
citizenship — to know what good citizen
ship means and what it requires — is a task
that is put upon every one without refer
ence to sex or social position. Certainly
tbe foundation of good citizenship is first
morality, and second good will toward
one's neighbor, but unless the principles
of morality be deeo-rooted there is always
danger that the weak soots in the bridge
may become weaker. Superficial and
tinsel-decked patriotism in diametrically
opposed to and at war with true citizen
ship.
But to whom does the Nation look to
teach the principles of true citizenship and
explain the meaning of true patriotism to
those who shall assume the responsibility
of carrying forward the great work for hu
manity which this Government has under
taken when their services are demanded?
More than four-fifths of the teachers in
the public schools of me United States are
women, and it is upon them that tbe duty
rests to prepare the youth of to-day to ad
minister the public affairs of the people
to-morrow. Do these women teachers
know what the elements of true citizen
ship are? The evidence tnat they do is in
their retention by common consent, and
not only so, but by gradually supplanting
men teachers, which they are doing by
common consent. Indeed it would seem
that parents would rather their children
should be taught the principles of patriot
ism, of citizenship and of ethics by women
than by men. It is not true, at all events
not of all, that the glory of a woman is in
her hair. __^
LAUREATE OF THE DERBY.
Come, Alfred Austin, tune your harp-
Twang out— bestir yourself:
The Derby's won at Epsom Downs
By royal Albert Uuelph.
The Queen, the Kaiser and the Czar
Have telegraphed their praise!
Wby, here's* tliemethat knocks tbe spots
Oft all your Jameson lays!
Let Watson rage at Turkish crime;
'I he Russ let Swinburne scorch:
Let bards like these direct the age
With Wisdom's flaming torch.
But thine arc castles from the crown.
And plaudits from the th rone!
Let mocking, vulgar crowds "go bang"
And critics' blasts "be blown ."
Then, Alfred, here's your theme "to hand."
O, let thy harp twang loud !
Persimmon's plucked the poles, and done
The crown of England proud.
And brand new title hath the Prince—
"The sporting crack-a-Jack !"
O, baccarat's a flimsy trick
Beside the Derby track.
Then. Alfred, twang your harp, sing loud
Persimmon's winning plunce.
And Briton's Derby-laureate be
Till Time throws up the sponge.
Chari-ks D. South
fan Francisco, June 6, 1896.
PERSONAL.
L. L. McArthur of Portland is in town. ,
H. de Contella of Los Angeles is at the Bald
win.
H. J. Krabbe of Fort Madison, lowa, is in the
City.
C. M. Ward, a mining man of Grub Gulch, is
at the Lick.
W. F. Boyd, a merchant of Seattle, Is among
the arrivals here.
Dr. Guy L. Edin ot the United States army is
at the Occidental.
John F. Coe, a wealthy business man of Phil
adelphia, is in the City.
Dr. E. B. Robinson and wife of Sacramento
are* vests of the Ramona.
P. B. Goss, pay clerk of the United States
ship Thetis, is in the Cityf
Thomas Fox, tbe newly appointed Postmas
ter at Portland, is in the City.
H. A. McCraney, editor of the Sacramento
County Ledger, is at the Grand.
A. M. Levers, of Washington, D. C, arrived
here yesterday and is at the Grand.
E. B. Willis, managing editor of the Sacra
mento Record-Union, is in the City.
B. M. Gojdwater, a leading mining man and
politician oi Arizona, i« at tne Palace.
J.J. Chisholm, who has large mining and
other interests at Tucson, is at the Grand.
Professor R. F. Pennell, superintendent of
the State Normal School at Chico, is in the
City.
R. C.Stephens of Seattle, general Western
passenger agent of the Great Northern Rail
road, is at the Occidental.
William Israel and wife of New York are
guest of the Ramona Mr. Israel is here with
view of making investment*.
C C. Michener, who has had charge of the
recent successful summer school for college
men at Cazadero, is in town.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was At
torney Samuel Jackson of Fresno, who came
up to attend the big midsummer jinks at the
Press Club.
William 11. Mead, a member of the Portland
City Council and general passenger agent of
the Rock Island road in the Oregon metropo
lis, is in town.
Mrs.G. W. Wilson, Mrs. Dr. Carpenter, Mr.
and Mrs. Casseny, Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Halladay
and Miss Ferries, prominent society people of
Valiujo, are at the Ramona. They come as a
theater party.
Justine S. J. Field of the United States Su
preme Court is expected to arrive here from
Washington, p. C», next week and spend his
vacation here. His family will be- with him.
He has eugaged rooms at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
XEW YORK, X. V., June 6.— At the Savoy—
K. Klau; Morton— J. H. Richards and wife;
Everett— G. R. Belden, Miss F. Belden; Cosmo
politan—A. Hayden, Mrs. Heiman; West
minster—Misses Jones; Brunswick— G. H. Mor
rison; Astor— J. Suex. Sailed per steamship
Berlin— Rev. H. C. Minton, Mr. Randolph.
REASON TO BE GRATIFIED.
Red Bluff People's Cause.
The Call has reason to be gratified at the re
sult ol its exposure of the Round Valley gang
of cutthroats, which has led to the conviction
of two of the murderers and to the arrest of
others who are believed to have been accom
plices in the murder of Jack Little field.
A SERIOUS ERROR.
Woodland Mail.
The Chronicle is makiug a serious error in
copying articles from the Monitor, hoping
thereby to injure Thk Call. It will prove a
boomerang.
LADY'S WAIST WITH NOTCHED
COLLAR
A charming model for a house dress is shown
here. It has a standing collar which flares
rolling over at the top and separated in back
as well as in front. The notched revers or col
lar is a novel feature. The front of the waist
is gathered at neck and waist, the back being
also seamless and gathered at the waist line.
There is a fitted lining to waist and sleeve
both.
A plain white lawn had cuffe, collar, notched
collar and belt of a dainty, flowered yellnw
silk, all being finished separate, to be removed
for laundering.
A dress of blue and white challU had trim
mings of white Batin, edged with flat bands of
yellowish lace.
The crepons that have just been deposed
from their throne are utilized for house gowns
to great advantage. One of gray, with trim
mings of white, was exquisitely dainty.
The skirt la cut circular in front, with two
gores in the back, which are gathered at the
top. .
COMPENSATION.
The learned preacher may talk, of the awful
dangers which luric in riches, and how wealth
is likely to exert evil influences; the pious
mendicant may tell of the virtues of poverty,
and the big-hearted philanthropist maydescant
upon the good that comes ot giving, and al
though the first impulse of each one of them
would be to deny, if asked, that hope of per
sonal remuneration v.&s the actuating force
behind it all, the fact would remain that com
pensation was desired and expected. The
deeper meaning of "Love thy neighbor as thy
self" is not understood by many, nor is the
humiliation which giving sometimes causes
to settle upon the heart of the recip
ient always considered. Too often the
giver gives because of the joy it
affords himself, and with such a one there Is
pleasure in seeing distress, because of the
opportunity to do that which will comfort his
own heart. Nevertheless, physical acts, be
they good or bad, are not always a true reflex
of what the heart aad mind are doing. There
are those who do good wholly for good's sake,
as there are those who do evil for evil's sake.
Emerson says that "Mankind divides itself
into two classes— benefactors and malefactors"
—but that could not be true unless some men
are assigned by destiny to the role of bene
factox and some to the role of malefactor. No
such assignment has ever been made. On the
contrary it is true that at times all men are,
at heart at least, would-be benefactors, and
all men at times are, at heart at least,
malefactors. It is not true that mankind is
divided Irrevocably into the always good *nd
the always bad. It is true, however, that man
kind is ao divided for the moment. The bene
factor of to-day might be tbe malefactor of to
morrow, but, in any event, it is true that the
benefactor is almost always a benefactor # be
cause he expects compensation for so being,
and the same holds good with the malefactor.
As I have already said, physical acts are not
always a true reflex of what the heart and
mind are doing in secret. The benefactor
might have a sinister motive b&pk of the pro
posed act, which would be far more evil in in
tent and infinitely worse in consequence than
the worst injury the malefactor had in
mind to inflict. But, as a matter of fact,
there is at best cruelty, more or less refined, in
the nature of us all, and when we let our na
tural selves, or rather our lower natures, fiv
nish the compass for our sailing down the
river of life we are malefactors very much
ofteuer than we are benefactors— not that we
commit ptiysical acts that are open to condem
nation, but thought acts, which are far more
destructive to "our neighbor" than the physi
cal acts of the malefactor.
Humanity wants and expects compensation
for every exertion, and nothing so exasperates
it as the failure of expectation. No one likes
to admit it, but it is the fact, nevertheless,
that when the fire alarm is sounded and we
rush off to the supposed conflagration disap
pointment settles upon our hearts if the fire
proves to be of no consequence.
It is our human nature to want to be re
munerated by witnessing the destruction of
property for the trouble to which the fire
alarm put us. On the other hand, if tbe con
flagration assumes the dimensions of a great
disaster the excitement of the occasion gives
satisfaction, and however great the calamity
the spectacle does hot over-remunerate us for
going from our comfortable homes to stand
about in cold winds.
We do not like to admit it, but it Is the fact
that when we see a crowd hustily gathering on
a street corner or before a drugstore, and we
rush off and join the throng, there is more
satisfaction when wo are told that some
one has been killed or terribly wonnded
than if the excitement proves to be the result
of a trick of a street-gamin to startle the com
munity. It is remuneration we want for being
enticed from our path, and if we expect to see
a dead or wounded man we want no failure of
expectation. That is human nature— lower
human nature. It is true, also, that when we
pics up a newspaper and the head-lines say,
"A Great Battle Fought," we turn away from
it in disgust if the body of the dispatch says
there was. only a half-dozen or so killed. The
head-lines excited great expectation; and a
half-dozen dead men docs not compensate—
does not satisfy expectation.
Now, this characteristic of humanity runs
through all expectation and effort, and it is
nothing more nor less than an indwell
ing desire of the lower nature for re
muneration for mental or physical exertion;
and it is this same characteristic which, iv
some persons, makes them malefactors be
cause they try to force collection of fancied
remuneration due aid unpaid. For instance:
"The world owes me a living, and I am going
to have it one way or another."
That court of oyer end terminer in which the
law of ethical causation is the only code and
statute, makes no difference between the acts
of the benefactor and the acts of the male
factor when desire for personal compensation is
back of the act, except that when another is
injured an added punishment is meted out.
The moral law takes into account the "why"
of the benefactor as well as the "why" of the
malefactor, realizing fully that the seed of the
"why" was there, deep-rooted, before the act.
But the law accepts no excuse if the fruits of
the seed be thistles instead of figs. Buddha
taught that no seed will die of its own accord,
but the husbandman may root up and kill
seed.
The burden of the cry of every Avatar has
been, "Kill out desire, kill out desire."
When the great Hindoo reformer wa-j asked
what he meant by "Kill out desire," he said,
that the avarice which the hope of reward for
expended effort kindles is the essence of evil.
Then he told that to be. good and true one
must consider only how his thought, his act,
his purpose was likely to affect others. To
walk In the Path one must first root out the
seed of desire for reward, tor to see clearly how
to walk aright one must look through the eyes
that are within. It is the law of the universe
that reward follows acts, only that there
should be no desire for compensation for good
acts. Evil is its own rewarder and it is a most
faithful paymaster.
The rent of the night is the reward for the
activities of the day, but If the night is longed j
for because it gives relief from hated burdens I
rather than for the renewed strength which it
gives that the duties of the new day may be
met and mastered, the purpose of. that one's
life is wholly selfish. Chance nor accident
have no place in the economy of existence.
What men call "fate" is the execution of the
verdict imposed by the law of Karma.
"If we meet no gods it is because we harbor
none." Armond.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Riehan-Young is the pleasingly suggestive
combination of the names of & couple married
in Camden, Me., a few days ago.
Charlotte Bronte's husband, the Rev. Arthur
Bell Nichoils, is still alive, thaugh it is more
than forty years since Charlotte died.
Oliver Caswell, a blind and deaf mute to
whom Dickens devoted several cages of hia
"American Notes," died recently at Canonicut,
R.I.
The late Baron Hirsch received an average
of 400 begging letters a day and never read
them, though be gave away in a single year as
much as $15,000,000.
One of the most famous painters of Sweden,
Marten Eskil Winge, died a few days ago in
Stockolm. Hie studies were mostly historical.
Winge was 71 years old.
Prince Christian of Denmark, eldest son of
the Crown Prince and ultimate heir to the
throne, is engaged to the Princess Pauline,
only child of the King of Wurtemburg.
The Hall of Scienoe in London, which was so
long associated with the Secularist movement,
led by the late Mr. Bradlaugh and Mrs. Annie
Besant, has now been taken by Mrs. Brumwell
Booth to be utilized as a shelter and home for
women.
A horse dealer In West Wooastock, Vt., has
owned 452 horses during his life and has never
told a lie about a horse. One man who has
dealt with him was so impressed with this re
markable fact that he recently gave him a
hatchet.
Among some relics of Byron which Messrs.
Foster sold recently was a very fine painted
miniature of the poet ma gold bracelet with bis
hair and the hair of Sophia Maria Byron,
Frances Leigh and Sir P. Paker. It brought
50 guineas.
An amusing story is told of how the late
Shflh fell asleep when he should have been the
chief guest at a reception. la Persia they be
lieve that an awakened person suffers grievous
iujury. What was to be done? A band was
dispatched to the Shah's resting place with
special instructions to the big drum. The re
sult was successful.
A notary's business, kept up since 1598 from
father to son without interrup.'ion, is still to
be found at Saint Savvy, near the Pyrenees.
Until M. Gaston Bossier, perpetual secretary
of the French Academy, became a university
teacher his family had kept a notary office at
Nuues without a break, son succeeding father,
since the reign of Francis I.
SAID TO BE HUMOROUS.
Author— Why do you depict her with court
plaster on her cheek?
Artist— Why, in the last chapter her face fell,
didn't it ?— Detroit Tribune.
"I had a narrow escape from a woman foot
pad."
"Indeed ?"
"Yes; but in the end I scared her worse than
she scared me."
"How did you do it ?"
••Told her that her hat wasn't on straight.'.'—
Chicago Record.
College Youth— l would— aw— like to write
B.A. aftah my name.
His Father— What's tbe use ? Every one
knows you are a big ass anyhow.— New York
Herald.
"Ho is good-natured, is he ?"
"Good-natured ? Why, I have known that
man to wear a smiling fece when he was
speaking of taking off a porous plaster."—Bos
ton Courier.
Aunt— Oscar, what dress did your mother
put on to go to tbe bah?
Oscar— A long, white, short dress.
Aunt— Nonsense; it could not have been
both long and* short.
Oscar— Yes, auntie, it was long at the bottom
and short at the top.— Familienblatt.
Young Doctor— Which do you consider the
best-paying specialty ?
Old Doctor— People who only think they are
sick.— Puck.
Tne man who is always telling what he would
do if he were President is the same one who
says "Yes, ma'am." when his wife speaks to
him.— New York Commercial Advertiser.
"Do you use condensed milk ?" asked the
neighbor of Mrs. Eastsile.
"Yes," she replied. "1 think the milkman
must condense it. If he didn't, I don't see
now on earth he could get so much water in
it."— Buffalo Times.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
May Day. 1845— J. O. H., City. May Day,
1845, fell on a Thursday.
CoNsrL to Melbourne— J. D. A., City. The
United States Consul to Melbourne, Australia,
is Daniel W. Maratta of Xorth Dakota.
Aemy Rifles— J. R., Quiucy. Plumas County,
Cal. Tbe Krag-Jorgensen rifles, the latest
adopted by the United States ariay, are not for
sale.
Civil Capacity— a. S., Baden, Ca!. There
are a number of colleges in California where
boys may be brought up to any civil capacity,
but these cannot be advertised in this depart
ment.
Xational Holiday— C. T. D., Petaluma, Cal.
A Xational holiday is one that Is declared such
by law and observed by all the people of the
Xation.
LonERY— H. M., Subscriber. This depart
ment does not answer any questions relating
to lotteries, consequently cannot gl?e you the
information you aak.
Gold Coin— C. E. R., Waterloo, Cal. A five
dollar piece of the United States contains
116.1 grains of pure guld, while an English
one-pound piece contains 113.001 grains.
"Compartment Stores"— P. H., City. This
department has not been able to learn of any
State having passed a law prohibiting the
establishment and maintaining of "compart
ment stores."
The Great Republic— N. N., City. The steam
ship Great Republic that was running between
this City and Portland ran aground near As
toria between 12 and 1 o'clock of the morning
of August 18, 1879.
Latin— F. J. H., City. There is no evening
public school in this City in which Latin is
taught. There are teachers who for pay have
evening classes at which Lr.tin is taught, but
this department cannot advertise such.
The President's Daughters— A. 8., City.
Ruth, the eldest of President Cleveland's
daughters, was born November 3, 1891;
Esther, the second one, was born September 9,
1893, and the third, Marion, was born July 7,
1895.
Chrtotian Co-operation— J. P.. Alameda,
Cal. This correspondent is anxious to know
about "The World's Christian Co-operative
Ho.icty" that was mentioned about a year ago
and who its officers are. Can any of the read
ers of this department inform him?
Two Steamers— H. D., City. The steamer
Persia of the Hamburg-American line meas
ures: Length 445.5 feet, breadth 50.2 inches,
depth 29.8. Her tonnage is 5857. The Palatia
of the same line is. length 4tiO feet, breaath 56
feet and depth 31.1(5 feet. Her tonnage is
7100.
Columbian Half— J. H., City. There is no
fixed premium on Columbian half dollars be
cause they have not yet become so scarce as to
be considered from a numismatic point of view
rare coins. Dealers who have them for sale
charge from $1 to fr'l 25 for them.
Training School— M. M. P., Oakland, Cal.
For information about the qualifications for
entering the United States Nautical School
shipßt. Marys at. New York address a commu
nication to the executive officer of the vessel,
Lieutenant-Commander Wells h. Field.
Snr;AR Cane— A Constant Reader, City. Sugar
cane will grow anywhere in the Si ate of Cali
fornia where there is irrigation and a warm
climate. It will not thrive where it may be
touched by heavy frosts. It has been grown
successfully, but not in sufficient quantities
for sugar making, in Merced, Tulare, Fresno
and adjacent counties.
Mails for Alaska — Mr*. 8., Oakland, Cal.
Mails will leave Seattle for Sltka, Alaska, and
intermediate Alaskan points June 16, July 1,
ltt andjil, and for Fort Wrangle, Mary Island,
Juneau and Sitka June 16 and 21 and July 1,
6, 16, 21 and 31. For points west of Sitka
July 1. Mail irom the north will arrive in San
Francisco about June 18 and July 1, 18 and 3l.
American Stamps— Reader, Lathrop, Cal. On
the current issue of United States stamps there
Ere the following portraits: 1-cent Franklin,
2 cents Washington, 3 cents Jackson, 4 cents
Lincoln, 5 cents Grant, 6 cents Garfi eld, 8 cents
W. T. Sherman, 10 cents Webster, 15 cents
Clay, 50 cents Jefferson, $1 Perry, $2 Madison
add $5 Marshall. The engravings are repro
ductions of paintingg in the Government
buildings at Washington, D. C.
License Required — W. D., Guenoc, Lake
County, Cal. A man who holds a copyright
for a work, and offers to sell the work from
house to house, must have a county license as
a peddler, and if he has a person hired to sell
that work in an adjoining county to the one
in which he is selling, he must have a li
cense for his agent. An itinerant watchmaker,
optician and tinsmith, who carries on his
trades, is a) :o required to have a county li
cense.
West Cadets— Subscriber, Mendocino
City, Cal. A cadet to the military academy at
West Point is appointed by a Congressman
when he is notified that there is a vacancy
in his district. It is Impossible to state when
the next vacancy will occur, or what Con
gressman shall have the right to fill It, until
the notice is sent to the Congressman by the
War Department. Write to Colonel 'O. H.
Ernet, superintendent of the academy, for in
formation as to the qualifications for admis
sion and examinations, physical and mental.
Electric Cars— W. S. q. 3 City. The first elec
tric railway whs constructed by Siemens &
Halske in Berlin in 1879. The first electric
railway in the United .States was one con
structed by Edison & Field ano in operation
in Chicago at the exposition of railway apptf
ances, June 1883. The first electric road in
California was the one from Oakland to Tera
escal. Single track measurement there is at
present about fifty-two miles of electric rail
way in San Francisco and about forty-six miles
of cable railway. There are eleven cable-car
houses and six electric-car nouses in this City.
Silver PRODrcr— A. M., Agnews, Cal. The
following shows the production of silver for
one year (1894): United States, $64,000,000;
Australasia, $23,307,700; Mexico, $60,817,
--300; Russia, $356,600; Germain-, $8,240,100;
Austria-Hungary, $2,548,400; Sweden., $119,
--200; Norway, $195,500; Italy, $1,200,500;
S^in, $2,643,400; GreeW. 91.472.700; Turkey,
$3,685,500: i'eru, W. 474,800; central Amer
ica, $2,000,000; Japan, $2,529,700. Total,
$215,404,000.
Answers. -To ali readers: Thi« department
cannot undertake to furnish an answer at ft
particular time. Answers will be furnished
to questions asked, to which answers can be
obtained, just as soon as possible, and such
will be printed in thQ order in which they are
turned in as xapMly as space will Permit.
Sometimes a question that takes only nAe
words to ask requires weeks to obtain tne an
swer For instance, last week a correspond
ent asked a question and wanted an answer on
the following day. That question mvol-red a
search of more than 20.000 pages of official
records, each page containing nfty entries n>
be scrutinized separately. The Inform* ion
could not be obtained within the time i itated.
Correspondents most not feel disappointed if
the answer they expect does not appear TVltliin
a week.
Marines and Seamjen-U. S. N\, City. There •
is a recruiting office at 20 Ellis street where
men are enlisted in the marine corps of the
United States and where all information in re
lation to the service may be obtained. The ap
plicant must not be more than 6 feet In height
nor less than 5 feet 5 inches, rnuit be . v PJ a ! L J:
ried, of good character, not addicted to the
use of liquor and must De able to read and
write, as well as speak the English language
properly. The pay of a private is 918, "rum
mer and fifer.fl3, corporal $15, soreeant *18,
first sergeant 925. drum major OMgnxtai'
master-sergeant *23, sergeant-major *23. Ihe
pay of seamen of the first class is $24, ordinary
$19, landsmen #16. Tho marines are allowed
au increase of $1 after the third year, alter
the fourth year and $3 after the fifth year. In
either branch of the service one who enters in
tbe lower grade has en opportunity to rise 10
any of the lion-commissioned offices.
Garrisoned Post?— Header. Lathrop. Cal.
The following is a list of posts in the Lnited
States that nre at this time garrisoned by regu
lars: Fort Adams, R. I. ; Alcatraz Island, Cal. ;
Angel Island, Cal.; Fort Apache, Ariz. ; Army
and Xavy General Hospital, Ark. ; Fort Assln
niboine, Mont.; Fort Barrancas, Fla- ; Fort
Bayard, N. Mex.; Fort Bliss, Tex. : Boise Bar
racks, Maho; Fort Brady, Mioh.; Fort Brown,
Tex.; Fort Canby, \Ya>h. ; Fort Clark, Tex.;
Columbus uarracks, Ohio; Fort Columbus,
N V • Fort Crook, Xebr.; Fort Custer, Mont.;
Fort 1). A. Rusisel!, Wyo.; Davids Island, N. Y.J
Fort Douglas-, Utah; Fort dv Chesne, L t:ih;
ramp Eagle Pass. T<»x. ; Fort Kthan Allen, Vt.;
Fort Grant., Ariz.; Fort Hamilton. H. V. ; Fort
Hancock. K. V.; tort Harmon, Mont.; Fort
Huachuca, Ariz.; Jackson Barracks, La.; Fort
Keogh.Mont.; Key West Barracks, Fla. ; Fort
Leavenworth, Kans. ; Fort Logan, Cola; Mad
ison Barracks, X. V. ; Fort Mason. Cal.; Fort
MeHenrv, Md.; Fort Mclntosh, Tex. ; Fort Me-
Pherson, Ga. ; Fort Meade, 8. Dak.; Camp Mer
ritt, Mont.; Fort Miß»ouln,Mont.; Fort Monroe,
Va. ; Fort Myer, Va. ; Fort Niagara, X. V. ; Fort
Xiobrara, Xebr. ; Fort Omaha, Xebr.; Camp
Pilot, Butte, Wyo. ; Plattsburg Barracks, N. V. ;
Fort Porter, X. V. ; Fort Preble, Me. ; Presidio
of San Francisco, Cal.; Fort Rono, O. T. ;
Fort Riley, Kans.; Fort Ringold, Tex.; Fort
Robinson, Xebr.: Fort Sam Houston, Tex.;
sub-post of Fort Grant, Sun Carlos, Ariz. ; San
Diego barracks, Cal.; Fort Schuyler, N. Y.J
Fort Sheridan, 111. ; Fort Sherman. Idaho; Fort
Sill, O. T. ; Fort Snelling, Minn. ; Fort Spokane,
Wash. ; St. Francis barracks. Fla. ; Fort Thomas,
Ky. ; Fort Trumbull, Conn.; Vancouver bar
racks, Wash.; Fort Wadsworth, X. V.; Fort
W*lia Walla. Wash.; Fort Warren, Mas*.;
Fort Washakie, Wyo.: Washington barracks,
D. C.; Fort Wayne, Mich.: West Point, X.Y.:
Whipple barracks, Ariz.*; Willet* Point, X. V.;
Fort Wingate, N. Mex. ; Fort Wood, X. V.; Fort
Yates, X. Dak.; Fort Yellowstone, Wyo.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street
A Nice present for Eastern friendg— Town-
Bend's CaL glace truits, 50c lb. 627 Market at •
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pre«
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman &. Schurman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gate" brand pf Kentucky whuky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Piue, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391.
Prince Henry of Battenberg'a estate, for
which letters of administration have just been
granted to Princess Beatrice, amounted to
in all.
Low Rates to Cleveland
The Nobles of the Mystic s-brine will meet at
.Cleveland, June 38 and 24. ,Vs'v :.-•;:* tn .
■ For this occasion the B. &. O. K. R. Co. will sell
tickets st reduced rates from all points on Its lines
west of the Ohio Klvtr, for all trains of June 21
and '21, valid for return pass&ge until June 25.
The fare from . Chicago will be $9 60 and corre
spondingly low rates from all other points. Tickets
will alsi> be on sale at- all points throughout the
West.
Theß.*O. Is the only line running Pullman
Sleeping Cars between Chicago and Cleveland.
For full information write to I*. S. ALLEN, A.
G. P. A., Grand Central Passenger Station, Chi
cago, 111. _
•87. 50— Special Train— •67.so. Repub
lican Convention at St. Louis.
Leaves San tfranclsco Thursday, June 11, at 10
A. m. via Salt Lake City-Denver, thence Burling
ton route. The entire California and Nevada dele
gations have accommodations on this tr in. Kate
to St. Louis and return, 967 60- Bertns for this
train must be secured at olncu of Burlington route,
32 Montgomery at.
St. I.ouis Convention.
Parties taking advantage of tbe cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure tickets re
turning via St. Paul and the Nor:h«rn Pacific
Kailroa'l. T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
Lapiks take Dr. Hiegert's Angostura Bitters gen
erally when they feel low spirited. It brightens
them up immediately.
If afflicted with sore ejres nse Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's £ye Water, ; druggists sell Ii at 25 cents.
The bronze memorial bust of Commodore
George W. Melville, which was unveiled the
other evening in the parlors of the United
Bervice Club, of Philadelphia, is life size, and
shows the commodore in his uniform with his
medals on his coat. It will be presented to tbe
War Library Museum, which is to be formed tn
Philadelphia by the Military Order of the
Loyal Legion.
; . NEW TO-DAY.
mm uilllltl W 3F6
Jlalare
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Caps, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7>jO
each.
Decorated Pitchers; Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
25c each. - V-,
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per Bet, 25c, 35c,
50c.
Table Tumblers, per set. 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60" pieces,
$4 65 and $5 25. .:
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsbad China, exquisitely decora-
. ' ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $15 00.
The kind and quality others charge $25.
AT
Great American Importina Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market St. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. ' 218 Ihirdst.
1 140 Sixth st. - 3008 Fillmore si.
617 Kcarny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk St. , 3006 Sixteenth ft*
521 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st ' 3359 Mission st.
52 Market st. (Headquarters). S. F.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth at.
131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Alameda.
%■ "There it is, in a Nutshell." .
1 Aw,,* Vo" need an engine, 'ye have one to sell:
you take no chances, becauso we guarantee
MM the Uercule* Gau an*o Gasomnk En-
Bh gjn-k. Buns as steadily as a steam en-
rYou need an engine. >ye have one to sell;
yon take no chances, because we guarantee
the Hkkiit.es Oa» and Gasoline En-
(•ink. Buns as steadily ?ls a steam en-
gine; no danger, no engineer. Scud for
II Catalogue and Price List to
■I- American Type Founders' Co. ' *
- l» 405-407 SaosomeHlreet,
Saa Francisco, Cal,STEVENSON'S
LAST NOVEL
The "Weir of Hermiston"
Little More Than a
Fragment.
Its Author Designed It for
His Greatest Work in
Romance.
The Character of the Hero Founded
Upon That of the Great
Scotch Judge.
The fragment of "Weir of Hermiston,"
an unfinished romance on which Robert
Louis Stevenson was engaged at the time
of his death, will be of little interest to the
general public. It is altogether too small
a fragment to afford satisfaction to those
who read for the sake of a story. It does
very little more than introduce the char
acters and suggest the plot of the romance
that was intended to be. To the casual
reader therefore it will have but small at
traction ana but little charm.
To that large circle of people, however,
wno delight in literature as an art and to
whom the smallest fragment of the work
of a master is of more value than the com
pleted work of less skillful hands, this in
complete work will be one of the most in
teresting publications of the day. Ithasa
value of no small worth in the very fact
that it is only a fragment, inasmuch as it
n veals Stevenson's manner of doing his
work and shows the care and study which
he gave to the composition of those
romances which have been among the
chief delights of the readers of our time.
In letters to his friends Stevenson de
cktred that he designed this work to be
his masterpiece. It hardly needed his
declaration, however, to assure us of the
fact. There is ample evidence of it in the
chapters which he lived to write. In the
lirsi place, it is clear he had planned tha
Mory on a much larger scale than any
other he had written. In the space he has
taJcen to introduce the characters of this
story he would have told the full half of
any of the other of his romances. There is
everywhere in it an elaborateness of detail
which shows an evident intention to make
the work a painstaking study of the times,
the people and the customs of Scotland
toward the close of the last century, and
he. no doubt, indulged the hope to achieve
something iv the way of a historical ro
mance that would take rank among the
immortal works of that class and have a
permannt place in literature.
Ttie character of his hero was founded
uuon that of the historic personality of
Robert Macqueen, Lord Braxfield, one of
the great judges of Scotland, who has been
for generations the subject of hundreds of
Edinburgh tales and anecdotes. To those
who have read Stevenson's romances and
know the type of men that fascinated him,
it will hardly be necessary to state
that this old magistrate was one of those
hard, strong, forceful natures around
whom all gentle human sentiments seem
to play as idly as tbe summer wind around
the granite of the everlasting hills. Brax
neld was known to his time as the "hang
ing judge," and Wier of Hermiston is
introduced to us in the same character.
It was concerning a nature of that stern
sort placed under circumstances of ex
treme trial u>at Stevenaon essayed to
write bis masterpiece.
The hang.ng judge, however is by no
means the only strong, romantic char
acter of the book. In fact, in the fragment
written, he is comparatively overshadowed
by a family of Elliotts known as the "four
biack brothers," men of the type of that
tierce breed that kept the borders ot Scot
land in the old days of the English wars,
and ready to take the law into their own.
hands at any time when they thought fit. '
Iv addition to these there was another
character of the half savage type, of which
much would doubtless have been made in
tne dramatic scenes that were to come.
This was a certain Christina Elliot, cousin
of the four black brothers, and housekeeper
of the hanging judge. Enough of her is
told in the fragment to show that she
would have been altogether the most not
able of Stevenson's women, and it is possi
ble that had he lived to complete the work
?he might have been sho<\ n to be worthy
to take rank along with Mcc Merriles and
the wife of Rob Roy.
While the finished part of the romance
gives no intimation of what the plot was
to be and what fate was allotted to the
characters, Stevenson had made his pur
pose clear to his amanuensis and his
friends, and they have added an appendix
to the work giving full information on the
subject. It was to be the old story of
Brutus. The son of Weir of Her
miston was of a very different
nature from his father. Of a gentle and
affectionate disposition, he had little sym
patfoj with the judge, and on one
occasion openly denounced the hanging of
a man as a case of judicial murder. For
that offense his father sent him away
from Edinburgh to live in the country.
There he meets the young and petted
sister of the four black brothers and the
play of the romance begins. Just here the
fragment ends. We are told in the ap
pendix that the plot involved a quarrel
in which young Hermiston kills his rival
and is brought before his own father to
answer for murder. The stern judge per
forms his duty with a Koman firmness,
but does not bear up afterward with a
Roman pride. The conclusion of Steven
son's study of such a situation was that the
hidden affections of the father should
break out after the task of the judge bad
been performed and that the strong man
should die of a broken heart. Meantime
the four black brothers were to have raised
their friends, burst open the jail in which
young Weir was imprisoned, and enable
him and their sister to escape to America,
where in all probability they lived hap- j
pily ever after.
The interesting point iv the explanation j
of the story is the care which Stevenson !
took to devise some means by which ]
young Weir could be brought before his \
father for trial without violating the prob
abilities of Scotch law. His letters]
show he was in communication with
legal friends in Edinburgh on every
feature of law involved in the story. He
had written to Edinburgh for accounts of
noted criminal trials of tbe period at
which the story is supposed to have taken
place, and was posting himself thoroughly
on every step that would have to be taken
in a case like that of his romance so that
it would have been in no wise a violation
of historic probabilities.
Up to the point where Stevenson had car
ried it there were no extraordinary inci
dents in the story, and his skill in work of
that Kind had little play. He introduces,
however, one episode in the lives of the
four blacfc brothers which serves to show
that with failing health there wa« no fail
ing in the force of the genius of the man.
In that respect he was still the same
Stevenson who wrote the "Master of Bal
lantrae" and '"Treasure Island," and as
forceful as ever in depicting a fight or a
scene of peril and passion.
This episode which narrates the death
of the father of the black brothers and
the way in which it was avenged runs
thus:
He was due home from market any time
from 8 at night to 5 in the morning, and in
Hiiy condition from the quarrelsome to the
s-jnifh less, for he maintained to that age the
(.''•'idly customs of the Scots farmer. It was
known on this occasion that he had a good bit
of money lo bring home, for the word
had jjone round loosely. The laird had shown
his guineas, and If anybody had but noticed it
there was an ill-looking vagabond crew, the
scum of Edinburgh, that drew out the market
lone ere It wns dusk and took the hill road by
Hermiston, where it was not believed that
they had lawful business. One of the country
side-one Dickieson— they took with them to
be their guide and dearly he paid for It. Of a
sudden in the ford of the Broken Dykes, this
vermin clan fell on the laird six to
one, and him three parts asleep
having drunk hard. But it is ill to
catch an Elliott. For awhile In the night, and
tne black water that was as deep as his saddle
girths, he wrought with his staff like a smith
at his stithy, and great was the sound of oaths
and blows. With that the ambuscade was
burst and he rode for home with a pistol ball
in him, three knife wounds, the loss of his
front teeth, a broken rib aud bridle and a dy
ing horse.
That was a race with death that the laird
I j, 1 ln th( ? mirk ni e ht . with his broken
bridle and his head swimming, he dug his
spurs to the rowels in the horse's side, and the
horse that was even worse off than himself, the
poor creature, screamed out loud like a person
as he went so that the hills echoed it and the
folks at Cauldstaneslap got to their feei about
the table and looked at each other with white
faces. The horse fell dead at the yard gate, the
laird won the length of the house and fell
there on the threshold.
To the sou that raised him he gave the bag
of money. "Hae," said he. All the way up
the thieves had seemed to be at his heels, but
now the hallucination left him. He saw them
again in the place of the ambuscade and the
thirst of vengeance seized on his dying mind.
Raising himself and pointing with imperious
ttuger into the black night from which
he had come, ne uttered the single
command, "Broken Dykes," aud fainted. He
had never been loved, but he had been feared
in honor. At that bight, at that word gasped
out at them from a toothless and bleeding
mouth, the old Elliott spirit awoke with a
shout in the four sons. "Wanting the hat,"
continues my author, Kirstie, whom I but
haltingly follow, lor she told me this tale like
one inspired— "wanting guns, for there
was na two grains o' pouder in
the house — with nae mair weapons
than their sticks in their hands, the fower of
them took the road. Only Flob, and that was
the eldest, hunkered at the door sill, where
the blood had rin-fyled his hand wi' it and
haddit up to heaven in the way of the auld
border aith, 'Hell shall have her am again
this nicht,' he raired, and rode forth upon his
errand." [For sale by Doxey, 631 Market street.
Price $1 50.] John McNaught.
A DEBT OF HONOR.
Mabel Collins is the author of this
novel, just issued in the Windermere
series. Jack Falconer is the gay, reck
less son of the village squire, and he
shocks his proud parents by falling in
love with the handsome daughter of the
village innkeeper. Jack's sister is en
gaged to marry a nobleman, who is Jack's
creditor to an enormous amount. The
debt is worthless, and trouble of a most
serious nature for Jack is impending. At
this juncture the nobleman's sister, Dres
cilla, proposes through Miss Falconer to
pay oft all Jack's indebtedness pro
viding he will make her his wife.
Jack scorns the proposition at first,
and tells the story to the innkeeper's daugh
ter, who grows pale, but tells Jack to save
himself, by all means, if his name is
threatened with irreparable injury. A
double wedding tabes places, Miss Fal
coner and the nobleman, Drescilla and
Jack. As the procession comes from
church, a crowd is seen by the way. Jack
springs from the carriage to find that it
is the body of the innkeeper's daughter,
who has drowned herself. His debt of
honor was paid at the cost of a life he had
blighted, and the marriage proved a tale
of double misery. [New York: American
Publishers' Corporation, publishers. Price
60 cents.J
MAP OF YOSEMITE VALLEY.
The Sierra Club of San Francisco has re
vised and republished for public sale its
lithographed map of the Sierra Nevada
Mountains in Central California. It is
claimed to be by far the most accurate
map ever made of the Yosemite Vol
ley and surrounding country. Parties
intending to visit the Yosemite, and
particularly those desiring to drive there,
will find this map of great value. It is, in
fact, designed to serve as a practical
guide for residents of the valley towns nirl
foothills, as weil as for other travelers,
particular care having been taken to ex
hibit with clearness and accuracy all roads,
trails, bridges, fords and meadows, and the
position and height of peaks, lakes and
other objects of scenery. The map ap
pears just in time for use by this year's
tourists to California's wonderland. [San
Francisco: T. S. Solomons, publisher. For
sale by Hartwell, Mitchell & Willis; price,
on bond paper, folded between covers,
$1 50.]
THE PICTCBE OF LAS CRCCES.
This is a romance dealing with an artist's
adventures in Mexico, and is an excep
tionally well written novel, by Christian
Reid.
Ralph Ingraham, an artist, is visiting
Mexico and is engaged in painting the
scenery of that beautiful country. While
thus occupied he is accosted in English by
a stranger, Gilbert Rose by name. Rose
informs him that he knows where a genu
ine Velasquez can be obtained. Ingra
ham thinks it might be a profitable specu
lation to secure the painting, if it be genu
ine, with a view to a resale in one of the
art centers of Europe.
Despite a very natural distrust of the
plausible English-speaking stranger, In
graft am accompanies Rose to an ancient
castle, where his doubts as to the
genuineness of the find are removed.
His further experiences both in
search of artistic themes for his brush
and in other directions are told in a
bright, breezy and entertaining manner,
which it might be unfair to the publishers
to reproduce here.
The book is one of the best summer novels
we have seen this season It is issued in
Appleton's "Town and Country Library."
[New York: D. Appleton & Co. For sale
in San Francisco by William Doxey;
p^ice 50 cents.]
THE ROMANCE OF GUARDAMONTE.
Arline E. Davis has written a girl's sum
mer story in "The Romance of Guarda
raonte." Two American girls, Elba and
Marion Van Estaae, go to Italy on a two
years' visit to an aunt who had married
into the Italian nobility. The girla are
beautiful, rich and romantic, and each ha 3
an ideal picture of a husband in her mind.
Elba wants an Italian Marquis and Marian
an Englishman with a villa near Florence.
Elba finds her noble Italian ana Marian
her Briton of classic taste. It turns out
that the Marquis is a base intriguer,
and just before the contemplated marriage
the father of the girls orders them both
home, where he intends they shall marry
worthy Americans. Marian's Englishmen
confesses that he is an American, edu
cated at Oxford, and that he owns a r.»nch
in the land of brave and free men and
beautiful women. Those two wed, but
Elba has to wait till an American who
suits her comes along. She lives to thank
her stars that she never wedded her Italian
"ideai." [New York: J. Selwin Tait &
Sons, publishers.]
THE FAT KNIGHT.
A mock-heroic poem on President Cleve
land and his contemporaries comes to us
under the title of "The ¥xt Knight." We
find mention of neither the author's name
nor that of the publisher. There are
some 130 pages, fine print, to the poem,
which covers a range of men and matters
extending from Maine to California and
from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico. We
have been especially charmed with one
sentence, descriptive of an editor. That
sentence covers ten pages and ought to as
sure the author's immortality. Denis
Kearney receives liberal notice in the work.
The style of the author is familiar. It is
none other than Citizen George Francis
Train. [Paper covers ; price 50 cents.]
ON BNOWSHOES TO THE BARREN
GROUNDS.
The narrative of a six months' winter
joiftney "On Snowshoes to the Barren
Grounds" of Northwestern British Amer
ica appeared, for the most part, originally
in serial publication In Harper's Maga
zine. The author, Caspar Whitney, went
thither to shoot the musk-ox and the
wood-bison, the rarest kind of game
TUB SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1596.
AN ORIGINAL DESItiN FOR A MODERN ART POSTER, BY A "CALL" ARTIST.
A BOUQUET OF CURRENT VERSE FOR SUMMER READING.
WOMAN'S FINAL TRIUMPH.
I note that women's voices rais^
At church more often than the men,
In songs of joy and prayer and praise
And glad thanksgiving, and, again,
Her work in a religious way
Surpasses man's, and is sublime;
While she grows better every day
He's apt to st umble any time.
What right has he to stay her hand,
Who bears the brunt of cnurchiy caret.
And say she doesn't understand
Ecclesiastical affairs?
I fear the church without her aid
Would crumble in a little while;
'Twould b« too slow on dress parade,
No life, no hope, no strength, do style.
The preacher' 1 ! salary would lapse,
Tlie cosily edifice would rot,
Attended by a few old chaps
Who think they're saved when they are not.
I fancy when we quit this scene
Of earthly pain and urief and care
And wander off to pustures green
And crystal cities over there;
When we have stuiflled off the coil
That kepps the soul imprisoned here
And found up there a finer soil
And less polluted atmosphere,
There, I imagine, we shall spp,
Awaiting i:s upon the shore,
A few like I.azarns and me
And women by the million score.
And those who now aver with scorn
In conference she's out of place
Will be, when Gabriel blows his horn,
A-scorching in the other place.
—Nebraska State Journal.
AN O UTLAND VOYAGE.
The tall ships come and the tall ships go
Across the purple bay;
But there's never a ship so fair and fine,
Nevi-r a ship so brave as mine,
As mine that sailed away.
known to hunters and the most difficult
of access. He brought down several
musk-oxen, but the wood-bison escaped
him. The character and manners of the
Indians of the far north are described and
discussed as the result of a careful study.
This full history of Mr. Whitney's pene
tration beyond the Arctic circle is replete
with interest. The privations and suffer
ings undergone by the explorer seem al
most incredible. The letter-press is en
riched with numerous illustrations. [New
York: Harper & Brothers, publishers.
For sale by A. M. Robertson.]
HUCKLEBKRRY FINN.
An eiegant new library edition of Mark
Twain's popular book, "The Adventures
of Huckleberry Finn" (Tom Sawyer's com
rade) has just been issued. Old boys, as
well as young boys, have spent the best
part of many a night following the vary
in i fortunes of Huck (the son of "poor
white trash," who is forced to run
away from home on account of a drunken
father), and Jim, the runaway slave. The
operation of the two deadbeats, the King
and the Duke, who figure quite promi
nently in the story, are highly amusing.
It is a tale of a civilization now ended —
the scene being laid in the Mississippi
Valley, forty or fifty years ago. It
abounds with humorous and pathetic pic
tures. [New York: Harper & Brothers,
publishers. For sale by A. M. Robertson;
price $1 75.]
A WOMAN WITH A FUTURE.
Mrs. Andrew Dean's "Woman With a
Future" is not the kind of a creature who
can be held up as an example for emula
tion. Hesperia Madison is one of the
"heroines" who snare a young mau with
an income into marriage for the sake of
convenience, but who comes to regard the
marital union as an enslavement, and re
bels at its restrictions. Her husband
tries to please her in vain, and is con
stantly worried by reports concerning her
actions that he scorns to believe. He falls
sick while engaged on a literary work, and
while he lies at death's door Hesperia de
serts him for a man who suits her, and
Bright In Hip light ani pray in the shade,
And white when the waves glow dim ;
The gulls ko by with their great wings spread;
But the .sails of my ship were gold and rod.
And they shown li-w» the setting sun.
They rank.' cheer in the tavern here,
'1 he sailors borne from sea;
But the crew of my ship, they feast with kings,
In emerald crowns, and opal # rings,
And coats o the craraoisie.
Fine is tbe freight their ships bring in,
But mine bears finer far.
Pearls and roses and links of gold,
Myrrh, ami amber, and rich bales rolled,
As bright as the morning star.
'Twas Mayday morn that my ship set sail,
With the dew on her figurehead:
Her bows were wreathed with the hawthorne
bloom,
As she stole through the dusk of the drawing
gloom.
Like a ghost, or a bride new-wed.
The Maydays dawn and the Maydays die,
Aud the hours draw near. I know;
The diiy when my ship shall come to me
To carry me back to my own countrie,
Bast of the sun by the outmost sea.
In the heart of the Long Ago. —Romance.
LOVE CAME TO ME.
Love came to me when I was young;
He brought me songs, he brought me flowers;
Love wooed me liKhtly, trees among,
And dallied under scented bowers.
And loud he caroled, "Love is king!"
For be was riotous as spring
And careless of the hours—
When 1 was young.
Love lingered near when I grew old:
Be brought me liclit from stars above
And consolation manifold.
He flitted to me like a do\'e.
And love leaned out of paradise
And gently ki-sed my faded iyes
And whispered "God is love"
When I grew old.
t Francib Howard Wtli,iams.
with whom life, she expects, will be full
of lazy, delightful drift, full of flash ana
luxury, gems, horses, frocks and cham
pagne. The rest of the story may be
]adged from this extract from a letter in
the concluding chapter, written by
one man of the world to another: "Sup
pose the beautiful Hesperia had stayed
with the excellent Troy, nursed him,
caught the malady, died herself. She
would not now be a woman with a future.
What is life to those who refrain? Even
as a cup of wine that a thirsty man puts
from him — a torment — a waste." It is too
bad that modern fiction is &o numerously
populated with characters of such a type.
[Now York: Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany, publishers. For sale by Doxey ; price
75 cents.]
TRAMP TALKS OK KUROPE.
In this pleasing volume, Edgar Magness
guides the reader through the Tyrolean
and Swiss Alps and the Italian lake re
j gion, and entertains him on the way with
many amusing anecdotes. He voices the
practicability, healthfulness and charm of
i traveling on toot in Europe, and in his bo
| hemian journey introduces merely a record |
of personal experiences. The trip of three I
months, expense from the mo
ment the author left his home in Alabama,
until his return thereto, cost exactly
f,'«7 90. The tour from Munich to Geneva,
including occasional railway and diligence
i rips and museum bills, was $1 75 a day.
Ten days in Pans cost $18 97. In London
for $6 25 a week's board and lodging in a
nice family was obtained. Mr. Magness
was, moreover, convinced that a Euro
pean trip of wider range could be enjoyed
ior less on the average than $100 a month.
[Buffalo: Charles Wells aloulton, pub
lishers.]
BKISKIS.
Those who have read w.ith delight "A
Princess of Thule" and "Highland
Cousins" know what to expect in William
Black's latest novel, "Briseis." The story
is marked by all the charm of description
for which Mr. Black is noted, and he has
i rawn a very noble woman in the hero
ine. Briseis Valieri, traveling with her un
MEMORY CHILDREN.
• 1 see them when eve-time cometh,
Where misted meadows glow —
The beautitul fair-haired children
.From fields of ion g ago.
Softly they gather about me.
Each with a roie in ber hand,
And glints of gold on their tresses
Of a far-off sun-kissed land.
But they will not stay— the children.
Though fondly I call each name,
Fade where tbe misted meadows
Bord r on seas of flame:
And sinßin? still as they vanisb,
Calling me fondly by name.
The beautiful fulr-haired children
1 hat seem forever the same.
Sometimes in the care-worn faces
I pass on the busy street
I see a look of the children—
A gleaui of their smiling sweet.
1 long to say as they pass me,
Dear hearts, let us not forget
The love and trust of cur child-time
Will keep us like children yet.
Pray God, when my eve-time cometh,
The gray of life's afterglow.
The beautiful fair-haired children
From rm-iutows of long ago
May gather blithely about me,
A star-eyed and laughing throng,
Voicing the hush of my eve-time
With faint, sweet echoes of sons;.
s-'ophik Fox Sea.
THE HAPPIEST HEART.
Who drives the horses of the sun
Shall lord it but a clay:
Better the lowly deed were done,
And kept the humble way.
The rust will find the sword of fame;
The dust will hide the crown;
Aye, none sliui: nail so high liis name,
Time will not tear it down.
Thr happiest heart that ever beat
Was in some quiet breast
That found tbe common daylight sweet
And left to heaven the rest.
John Vakcb Cheney.
cle, John Elliott, meets Sir Francis Gordon
in Scotland. Elliott dies, and Briseis goes
to live with her aunt, Mrs. Elliott, in Lon
don, where she becomes a household
drudge. Sir Francis meets her again ana
falls in love with her, despite the fact that
he is engaged toGeorgie Lestrange. When
Andreas Argyriades, a Greek, who knew
Briseis in her childhood, attempts to black
mail the heroine she appeals to Sir Francis,
and the two find that they love each other.
Sir Francis tells Briseis of Georgie Les
trange, and the nobleman and the heroine
separate, as they feel, forever. But the
expected happens. Georgie goes to
America, and on her return meets an old
beau, Jack Cavan, with whom she had
quarreled. They '"make up," and, Sir
Francis being free, follows Briseis and
makes her a happy bride. [New York;
Harper & Broshers, publishers. For sale
by A. M. Robertson; prict $1 75.]
LITERARY NOTES.
Outing for June, while a bicycle num
ber, does not neglect other branches of
sport. Francis Trevelyan writes of "Our
Turf's Transition," \V. B. Curtis discusses
the subject of "Yale at Henley," R. B.
Burchard tells tbe amateur yachtsmen the
mysteries of "Getting Into Commission,"
while other clever pens handle cricket,
angling and the long list of popular sum
mer sports.
The W. L. Allison Company, publishers,
axe soon to issue "The Social Crime," by
George N. Sceets and Minnie L. Arm
strong. It is said to be bold in its ideas
and aggressive in its character. It deals
with a vital question, and treats the sub
ject in a practical way. Miss Armstrong
is a cousin oi Robert G. Ingersoll.
"An Array Wife, " by Captain Charles
King, U. S. A., is to be issued some time
in June. Its chief interest is centered in
the jealousies of officers' w'ves at one of
the forts of the Northwest and of the com
plications that arise therefrom.
The first number of the Roycroft Quar
terly, issued by the Roycroft Printing
Shop, East Aurora, N. V., is at hand. It
is a "Stephen Crane number," and tne
title page very properly shows some fierce
black riders mounted on hobby horses in
pursuit of a man who is chasing the hori
zon. The text includes a sketch of Mr.
Crane's life and opinions as to his work
from a fine list of eminent wits and wise
men, including W. D. Howells, Charles
I Dudley Warner, E. C. Steadroan, Thomas
Wentworth Higginson, Miss Guiney and
various lesser luminaries in the galaxy of
letters. Then as a taste of Mr. Crane's
quality there are seven choice symbolistic
poems and a prose sketch, all in the high
est style of the Crane art.
It has been decided to call Mr. Blossom's
book, shortly to be out with Herbert S.
Stone & Co. 's imprint. "Checkers, A Hard-
Luck Story," instead of "The Boy Called
Checkers," as first planned.
The June number of Charles F. Lum
mis' magazine, "The Land of Sunshine,"
which begins the fifth volume, is beauti
fully and lavishly illustrated m two colors,
and has a particularly interesting table
of contents. Amone the articles are one
on the wonderful basket-weaving of the
coast Indians; a Chinese story by the
daughter of a Chinese lady of* rank; a
graphic description by Charles F. Lummis
(the editor) of the largest city of "Cave-
Dwellers' ' in the world; recipes for savory
Mexican dishes; the extensive work of the
Landmarks Club in preserving old mis
sions; "Echoes of California Fiestas" ; the
pungent editorial departments, and much
other interesting matter.
Life has come out with a "Vacation
Book Number," in which the books of the
present day, under the heading of "Lile's
Tips to Summer Readers," are well treated
by Brander Matthews, Edward S. Martin
and "Droch."
Dr. Albert Shaw gives his impressions
of "St. Louis; This Year's Convention
City," in the June Review of Reviews.
With all due concessions to Chicago, Dr.
Shaw succeeds in making out a strong
case for the Missouri town. Among other
interesting facts he shows that St. Louis
is now more thoroughly under Republi
can control than any of our larger cities,
not even excepting Philadelphia.
The June Arena opens its sixteenth vol
ume, appearing in a new dress and being
printed by Skinner, Bartlett & Co. It
opens with a brilliant paper by Rev. Sam
uel Barrows, D.D., on "The First Pagap
Critic of Christian Faith and His Antici
pation of Modern Thought." Justice Wai
ter Clark of the North Carolina Supreme
Court contributes an instructive paper on
Mexico ; Professor Parsons of Boston Uni
versity Law School continues his mas
terly papers on "The Gov rnment Control
of the Telegraph"; B. 0. Flower writes in
a captivating: manner of Whittier, and
| Horatio W. Dresser has a learned article
on "The Mental Cure in Its Relation to
Modern Thought." There are other at
tractive features.
Miss Kate Sanborn's book, "My Literary
Zoo," is described as. an amusing and pic
turesque account of animals in literature.
Messrs. D. Appleton & Co. will be the
publishers.
"Maggie" is the title of Mr. Stephen
Crane's next book, which is to be pub
lished immediately by D. Appleton & Co.
Swinburne's forthcoming poem, "The
Tale of Balen," is dedicated to the poet's
mother in the following lines:
"Love that holds life and death in fee,
Deep as the clear unsounded sea
And swept as life or death, can be.
Lays here my hope, my hear , and me,
Before you, silence in a song.
fMnre the old wild tale, made dpw, found grace,
When half sung through, before your face,
J t needs must live a springtide space,
While April suns grow strong."
"Lounger," in the New York Critic, says:
"The New York World paid Rudyard Kip
ling $500 for the privilege of publishing his
bicycle poem. There are many people who
think that it would nave been money in
Mr. Kipling's pocket had he paid the
World $500 not to publish if. As a parody
of 'Hans Breitman, 1 however, it was not
without merit."
An edition of "Select Poems of Robert
Burns," with introduction, notes ana
glossary by Andrew J. George, is intended
to present "the best of Burns' works in the
order, anu under the light of those influ
ences in which it originated." It will be
published by Messrs. D. C. Heath & Co.
Messrs. George W. Jacobs & Co. of New
York will shortly publish "Taking a
Stand," a book for boys, by Amy E.
Blanchard, which is "full of incident and
such adventure as may excite boys to
courage and valorous conduct; but not to
such undertakings as might encourage a
spirit venturesome without judgment." It
will be illustrated by Ida Waugh.
Governor Morton of New York has
siened the legislative bill to preserve the
Poe cottage at Fordham by laying out a
park to be called "Poe Park," and to re
move thereto the Poe cottage. The plan
is also to erect there a bronze statue of the
poet, and to keep the cottage always open
as a memorial.
Messrs. William Andrews & Co., London
and Hull, England, will publish at an
early date "The Quaker Poets of Great
Britain and Ireland," by Mrs. Evelyn
Noble Armitage, herself a poet as well as
a critic, and a member of the Society of
Friends. Examples of .Quaker poetry will
be given.
The June Ladies' Home Journal is excep
tionally interesting and attractive— both
in its literary and pictorial features. The
front cover, in perfect harmony with the
fragrant sentiment of the month of roses,
is a Salon painting by M. Albert Aublet, a
celebrated French artist, in a decorative
frame of striking beauty. This rich touch
of nature is supplemented by A. B: Frost s
characteristic drawing illustrating James
Whitcomb Riley's poem, "Cassander," and
by groups of posies, among which Miss
Waddle's muse sings with charming fresh
ness. The June Journal makes it evident
that its editor's promise, made in Decem
ber, to Rive his readers the best twelve is
sues of the magazine they have ever bad,
is being wholly fulfilled^ [By the Curtis
Publishing Company, Philadelphia; $1 per
year, 10 cents per copy.]
In a few days will be issued the Hon.
John B'oyd Thacher's monograph on "The
Continent of America, Its Discovery and
Baptism." The volume is a handsome
quarto of nearly 300 pages, illustrated
with many maps and printed at the De
Vinne Press. The publisher is William
Evarts Benjamin of New York. He proves
from contemporary records that those who
gave the name "America" to this conti
nent knew what they were doing, and in cor
recting the moss-covered error of the school
'geographies he gives Columbus full credit
j for his great achievements; Mr. Thacher's
book adding to, rather than detracting
from, the discoverer's glory.
M. Augustin Filon, a well-known writer
on English subjects in the Paris Debats
and other publications, has completed a
series of essays on the English stage. The
contents of the volume are partly histori
cal, partly devoted to English drama at
the present day, and include finally a
I series of considerations upon the future of
the theater in England.
The late M. Leon Say has left behind
him thecompleted manuscript of a volume
; written for a series of works appearing
i under the title, "The National Life of
j France." The work in question is a com
plete account intended for general readers
of the French financial system.
Messrs. Chatto have published in Lon
don "Tales of Our Coast," the volume to
which Mr. Crockett, Gilbert Parker, Clark
Russell, "Q." and Harold Frederic con
tribute stories. They have also ready
"Dorris and I," John Stafford's volume of
stories. In America this book will be is
sued under the title "Old World Idylls."
M. Michel Salomon is publishing in
Paris a volume of literary essays. Among
the subjects treated of in "Etudes et Por
traits Litteraires" are Barbey d'Aurevilly,
Jules Tellier, Tame, Amiel and Pere Olli
vier.
John Murray (London) is publishing a
volume by the Rev. W. H. Carnegie en
titled "Some Principles of Religious Edu
cation." It is based on a series of ad
dresses delivered in Worcester Cathedral.
A volume, '-Where to go for a Holiday,"
with contributions by Sir Herbert Max
well, Justin H. McCarthy and other well
known people, is soon to be issued by
Messrs. Chatto of London.
"The Romance of the Sea; Its Fiction,
Facts and Folk-Loie," is the title of a new
volume of some 500 pai-es, which will
shortly be issued by the British Society
for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge,
from the pen of Frederick Whymper, the
author of "Travel and Adventures in
Alaska," the "Fisheries of the World"
and of an elaborate work in four volumes,
entitled "The flwi."
ABOUT WAGES
AND CAPITAL.
ProfessorTaussig's Solu
tion of the Social
Question.
The Harvard University Man
Takes Issue With the
Economists.
A Very Interesting Volume — The Me«
moirs of Maria Mitchell,
Astronomer.
A valuable contribution to the discus*
sion of the wages fund doctrine is fur
nished in a new volume by F. W. Taussig,
professor of political economy of Harvard
University. It is divided into two parts,
the first consisting of five chapters devoted
to an elaborate statement of the author's
views of the problem of the relation of
wages to capital, and the second of nine
chapters containing a summary of ttie
wages fund discussion from its J>eginniti(i
to the present time. The arrangement of
the two parts differs from the plan usually
adopted in such cases of giving the history
of the subject first and the author's con
clusions last, but Professor Taussig gives
good reason for his course in the state
ment that as criticism and comment pro
ceed inevitably from the thinker's own
point of view, it is only fair to the reader
to have that point of view explained before
the criticism begins.
The principal point in the discussion is
whether wages are paid from capital out
of a so-called "wages fund," or are the
concurrent produce of the labor itself.
Professor Taussig holds that the answer to
this question depends on what is meant by
the term capital", and declares the most
consistent and significant meaning of thai
term is "wealth not yet in enjoyable
shape." If that definition be accepted la
bor clearly is not paid from capital, for by
definition things yielding satisfaction or
constituting real income are not capital.
Labor is steadily putting the finishing
touches to wealth not yet in enjoyable
form, and so advancing it to the "stage
where it becomes a source of real wages
and of real interest and real rent.
It will be seen that this definition of
wealth and wages eliminates money from
the problem altogether. All wealth is
capital up to the time when it is enjoyed
by the consumer. When it is thus enjoyed
it becomes wages, interest or rent as the
case may be. It happens, however, that a
considerable portion of the working class
is dependent upon others to give them
employment and their portion of real
wages is paid them in money. They have,
therefore, to make a bargain witti an em
ployer as to the money income they are to
receive, and as this money income is paid
out of the real income which the independ
ent workers of all classes receive,' it may
be said in some sense to proceed from a
wages fund.
Such a wages fund, however. Is quite
different from that which the older
economists had in mind when they in
vented the phrase. It does not imply a
fixed fund which in relation to a particu
lar community rxt a p^rticuliar time can
be neither increased nor diminished.
Hence it does not sustain what has been
called the "iron law of wages." Instead of
a wages fund there is really a "wages
flow" with a considerable degree of elas
ticity in the volume of the current. The con
clusion of the matter is that wages are de
rived not wholly from stored up capital
nor yet wholly from current product.
They are the result of both of these, and to
form a true theory of the relation of wage 3
to capital we must direct attention to that
relation in time between exertion and re
sult which was so liehtly passed over in
the older literature on the subject. [New
York: D. Appleton & Co. For sale by
William Doxey; price $1 50.]
A chatty and comprehensive memoir of
the late Maria Mitchell, the noted astron
omer, has just been published. It is
edited and compiled by her sister, Phebe
M. Kendall, and is especially timely ac
the period of writing, viewingthe interest
now manifested In all women who have
exhibited their powerß of successfully com
peting with men in their chosen voca
tions.
It is interesting in this connection to
note that t&ia comet (which is constantly
called "Miss Mitchell's comet" in thie
Journal of the Royal Astronomical So
ciety) was not seen in Europe till several
days after Miss Mitchell's discovery.
Tht?n it was observed by Fattier de Vico of
the Papal Observatory at Rome. Imme
diate recognition of the young American's
priority of claim led to her being awarded
the prize.
Miss Mitchell's reminiscences are told
in the present work in a fascinating man
ner. The book will be welcomed by her
old pupils at Vassar as a fitting memorial
of their preceptress, and to students of
astronomy generally for the valuable data
which it contains. "[Boston: Lee <fc Shep
ard. For sale by William Doxey; price
$2.]
NEW TO-DAY.
The ' long Winter
days are nearly over*
A succession of Colds,
Coughs or Pneumonia
has weakened the
system and strength
doesn't seem to come
back again* You re-
main pale and weak*
You have a slight
cough in the morning
and perhaps a little
fever in the afternoon-.
You need A Food as
a Spring medicine, not
a mere tonic* Such a
food is Scott's Emulsion
of Cod-liver Oil with
Hypophosphites which
will heal inflamed mem-
branes, make good
blood and supply food
for sound flesh*
2324
. THLHAPPY PHLOSOPHEROfOftKLAtiDCRLtK
One of the happiest men in California is
old man L-'gan. His home is in Alameda,
but his place of business is along the banks
of Oakland Creek, where he does any Jtind
of a job he can get. from scrubbing down
the deck of a schooner to stepping a mast.
Loean has been on this globe for nearly
seventy years and has spent the last thirty
five of them in and around Oakland. He
KICKERS' TRICKS
AND THEIR CURE,
111 Treatment Often Fastens
the Vice on a
Horse.
The Pity of Fine Animals in the
Care of Human Under
breds.
Only Punish for Shying Bsfore or
After the Act— Miss Russell's
Gcod Advice.
Waiting for a car the other day I saw a
bit of the horsemanship tna.t is all too
common in this City. There is, perhaps,
no city in the country where grocers and
marketmen use finer horses in their de
livery wagons. The character of the streets
and the steep hills of Ban Francisco de
mands a good deal of speed, strength and
staying-power in the animals used in these
lines of work. Time is money, and our
business men realize that there is no
economy in cheap horses. But with the
speed, strength and staying-power there
are attendant qualities in every good horse
that render him something more and less
than a machine, and materially increase
his capacity for suffering and for mischief.
High spirit and a sensitive nervous organ
ism are always the heritage of a desirable
horse. Without them the animal is a
mere lump of flesh. Jacking inclination,
ability or courage to exert himself beyond
what he knows his driver will compel him
to, and the latter, in getting any real work
from him, will usually work about as hard
as tlie horse. San Francisco merchants
have no use for equine plugs, and it is a
great pity that they so often find it neces
sary to turn over tLe fine animals they use
to the numan underbreds we so often see
controlling them.
The bit of horsemanship I witnessed while
waiting for my car was on the part of the
driver of one of these unfortunate de
livery-wagon horses. The animal was a
big, handsome, nervous chestnut, appa
rently not yet wholly accustomed to city
sights, for he was betraying considerable
agitation at the sight of an approaching
electric car. He -was a little frightened,
but by no means fractious. Any driver of
ordinary will, tempered by a modicum of
common-sense, would have had no diffi
culty with him. He plunged a little and
sheered off, quite willing, it was apparent,
to giv- the object of his fright all the room
there was to spare, but passing it, after all,
•without doing any mischief. Had his
driver been content to let well enough
alone the horse would, probably, have
experienced less fear in passing the next
car, but no sooner was the terrible object
safely passed than down fell the lash upon
has had a great deal of hard times in his
life, but now he says that things nre com
ing his way and that he is in no danger of
want.
"The trouble with people is that they
want too much in this world," said Logan,
leaning against the stern of a rowboat that
had been hauled high and dry. "They
think they ought to have everything you
the animal's back, not once, but many
times. This, when not a blow had been
struck during his manifestation of fright.
Now, the time to punish a horse that
shows any inclination to "shy" is before
or during; the perpetration of the offense.
If ttie wnip is judiciously used when the
animal is beginning to take alarm the
effect is to distract his attention from the
cause of his fright and to fix his mind,
which can never entertain more than one
idea at a time, upon his work. If he ex
hibits fright and when the cause of it has
' passed out of view he feels the pain of
1 the whip he will always thereafter associ
| ate the particular object with the idea of
: punishment and will never fail to be
' frightened when it appears. I venture to
say that this particular horse will never
again see an electric-cai without being
thrown into alarm. Thanks to his driver,
he has also acquired a worse vice. Thick
and fast the blows fell upon his back, as I
watched the pair, and the plume forward
! that followed each fall of the lash was
i checked by a cruel jerk at the bit, until
finally what I was confidently expecting
happened. Down went the head of the
thoroughly angered and frightened creat
ure and a pair of iron-shod heels Hew once,
twice through the air. The first time they
caught the wooden dashboard and splin
tered it finely. The second kick was de
livered rather perfunctorily. It was evi
dently not a usual trick and the horse
looked back in a curious way, as though
rather wondering what he had done.
But the driver had had enough. The
swinging heels had come unpleasantly
near to his own shins and he put up his
whip — a second and fatal blunder. The
brain of the horse is logical if narrow, and
that one will never forget that punish
ment ceased upon his kicking. He will
probably never again be safe to drive
without a "kicking-strap."
It is a curious fact that nearly halt the
lighter driving horses seen upon the streets
of San Francisco are equipped with this
adjunct to the harness. "You use un
usually heavy harness out here, do you
not?" a newcomer to the coast said to me
i the other day. "I think not," was my
! reply. Then he called my attention to
| several torses, all within a single block on
Market street, wearing the broad, strong
strap extending over the quarters from
: shaft to shaft that proclaims the wearer a
j kicker. "Ah," was his comment, "I un
| derstood there was a good deal of kicking
i in California just now, Out I did not asso
ciate it with the horses."
But it is a fact that never, in any other
I City, have I seen as many Kicking horses
| as bear about our streets this badge of
| their disgrace. A horse that once acquires
the trick of kicking is rarely cured of it.
I have known of the habit being con
■ quered by steady kindness and gentle
treatment, but the animal seldom takes to
kicking until he is goaded to it by harsh,
unreasonable treatment, or by teasing, |
and once this pass is reached with him j
his disposition is almost certain to be
hopelessly spoiled. The only remedy the
driver has is to have a kicking-strap added
to tho harness, by which at least half the
value is taken from the horse if be is
offered for sale. The kicking-strap is a
heavy strip of leather that, to be of any
use, should be at least two inches wide,
going over the hips and fastened to the
shaft on either side. It should be loose
enough to allow the horse to trot without
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
can think of and have money at the same
time. Now, I have found out that this
won't work. When I was a youn-? fellow
I often spent $4 in a night. I didn't care
anything for money, but the time came
when I didn't have any. That started me
thinking and I made up my mind to save
something, and now I am all right.
"I tell you, it makes a man feel good to
chafing his back, yet tight enough to pre
vent him from raising behind, and to do
this effectively it should be buckled to the
shafts so that it lies two inches beyond the
hipbones. The breeching, when the kick
ing-strap is used, should be left a little
looser than ordinarily, a fact usually over
looked by stablemen, with the result that !
the animal's back often gets sore and
chafed, from the heavy strap.
Excessive punishment is the most fre
quent cause of a horse taking to kicking,
but I know one nervous, quick-stepping
animal whose driver, a good-natured,
"A horse should never be struck for having shied. That i» one way to make him kick/
careless lady, had the habit lady-drivers
so often do have of keeping up an inter
mittent, nickering sort of tapping with
the whip on her pet's neck. One day
"Pet" suddenly came to the end of his
endurance of the irritation and showed it
by lifting bis heels, to the detriment of
breeching and single-tree and the lacera
tion of his mistress' feelings. She always
after avowed her belief that the horse is
by nature treacherous and unreliable.
There was that brute she had driven
gently, petted and cared for for more
than a year who "all at once, with no
provocation whatever, started kicking, so
we sold him."
TWO OF THE
ODDEST MEN IN ALL
THE WIDE WORLD.
One Says Fate Cannot Harm
Him— The Other Thinks
He Is More Than a
Centenarian.
know that he has enough money on hand
to keep him and his from want. But lam
in that position, and the world can roll
around as it likes for all I care. Yes. sir,
I have $40 laid by. Four shining gold
pieces. It took me a good many years to
save them, but I have done it. A man
can do anything if he don't want too
much.
"It's just this way. If a man will take
what he can get and make the best of it
he will soon find that he is on the road to
success. Some men, if they can't lay by
a dollar, think it is no use trying to save,
and spend it; but I used to lay by a five
cent piece if I didn't have anything else.
That's the way I did it. Now look at me.
I am as independent as anybody and have
$40.
'fl understand myself and don't expect
much. I know I ain't worth any more
than I will work for. If I take a job for 50
cents that somebody else would be glad to
do for 50 cents, I know it ain't worth any
more than 50 cents, and I know that I
ain't worth any more than that or I
wouldn't be doing it. The sooner a man
finds this out the better for him. No man
is worth any more than he will work for."
The other workmen along the creek
think old Logan is a great deal of an
oracle. They crowd around him whenever
he starts to talk, ana few attempt to dis
pute him. "He knows what he is talking
about," said one; "he has had a whole life
full of experience, and in these hard times
he is able to say that he has got $40. i
wish I could say the same."
Chris Lang is a familiar figure in the
neighborhood of Tenth and Howard
streets and also a most peculiar one no
matter where he may be. His clothes
have been out cf date for many years and
tbe hat he wears is one of the kind seldom
worn because they never look gooa on any
body. But Chris is pleased with his outfit
and also with himself. He not only thinks
that his appearance is beyond criticism,
but believes the world is unhappy because
all of the people in it do not follow the
same mode of life that he does.
The story of Chris' life is a most inter
esting one as he tells it, but the strange
I thing is that it makes him out to be about
i 115 years old. He does not know the ex
-1 act date of his birth, but the event took
j place in Bavaria. He is sure that he came
to California nearly forty years ago and
shortly after his arrival discovered the
cause of all the trouble in the world. He
made up his mind to have no more of it
himself, and he has not, according to his
idea.
Chris is anxious to talk about himself
and his ideas. "The great cause of ill
health and poverty," ho said, "is worry,
and useless worry at that. People have
ideas that they must do certain things,
never thinking that they are throwing
their lives away in doing them. Just look
at all of the time people waste in going to
a certain place of abode every night and
the amount of anxiety they go through if
Teasing and tickling a young horse,
even in play, is sure to develop the kick
ing trick. A good many grooms and sta
blemen do this because they think it is
funny! but the man caught once doing it
should never again be trusted about 'a
horse. There are also horses that kick
naturally and from sheer viciousnes?, and
these, curiously enough, can more often
be brought to subjection than can those
that take to it ' in self-defense. The
reason for this lies, perhaps, in the
peculiar makeup of the equine brain. The
first exhibition of the trick should meet
with prompt and effectual punishment.
The heretofore well-behaved horse that is
angered into kicking usually succeeds, in
the surprise of the moment, in abating the
nuisance that drove him to the deed and
no amount of punishment for subsequent
offenses will ever move him to forget this
one success. He will always afterward
expect to gain a point by the means that
gained it then.
On the other hand, the animal that
kicks from viciousness starts in with the
idea of conquering his human foe. In a
good, sharp fight, human wit, aided by
those wonderful and, to the horse, in
comprehensible tools, human bauds, will
lIViSLP^TWI(LIfIIHL»Ei
they are for any reason unable to get there.
I tell you it is killing of the race.
"Now, I have got over that idea, and it
has paid me well. I was put into the
world, and any part of it is my home. I
sleep wherever night finds me, and don't
waste money and time getting to a certain
spot that is no better than where I am. I
started in on this scheme over thirty-five
almost invariably vanquish the brute's
strength and teach him a fear that he will
never forget. But a horse thus conquered
is never a friend, and he must always be
looked out for, as he will be quick, at some
time, to take advantage of an unguarded
moment. To break such a vicious kicker
of his trick should be the work of a spe
cialist, and no amateur should ever at
tempt it. Striking, another bad trick,
whi'e almost equally dangerous, is much
easier to control. In striking the animal
uses his forefeet, but he can use but one at
a time, as these legs cairy most of his
weight, and he can be readily disconcerted
and cured of his trick by any one who is
quick enough and strong enough to catch
up the offending hoof and raise it as high
a» he can carry it. A horse has more re
spect than has any othei creature for the
cunning capabilities of the human hand,
and he soon learns that, feeble as it is, it
can outwit and subdue and control his
strength.
A driving-horse that kicks is rendered
comparatively harmless by the kicking
strap, but the saddle animal who possesses
this trick cannot be put under any such
restraint. The vice is particularly dan
gerous in a saddle-horse as it ia exceed
years ago, and I don't think 1 have slept
in the same bed twice since; surely not
two nights in succession. All I have in
the world is in that satchel, and I always
have it with me. lam a piano tuner, and
always have plenty of work. Sometimes
I go to different parts of the State, but 1
never think of coming back except circum
stances turn me this way.
ingly difficult for even an expert rider to
keep his seat on a kicker. About the only
thing to do under such circumstances is to
get the animal's head up and keep it up,
and, if ridden at all, the creature should
wear an overdraw. If a horse unexpect
edly takes to kicking in harness, about the
only thing to do is to pull his head up
sharply and bold it there with one rein
drawn more tightly than the other. The
left rein is the better one to pull tight, as
a better purchase is to be had on it.
Ponies almost seem to be born with a
tendency to kick, but the trick is usually
tbe result of early teasing on a naturally
irritable temper; and these creatures are
also usually not very intelligent.
Occasionally an aged horse, after years
of sedate pulling of the family carriage,
will suddenly have a lapse into coltish
ness and kick up its heels in most unex
pected fashion. Such a manifestation is
always amazing, probably as much so to
the offender as to any one, but it need oc
casion no alarm for the future. The old
horse may kick up once, but he is sure to
resume the even tenor of his way and will
probably never again forget himself. Gen
erally speaking, the horse that lives to be
ten years old without kicking will never,
even under provocation, develop into a
kicker.
Kicking is one of the four vices that ren
der a horse returnable after purchase. It
Is a dangerous and exasperating trick, but
one that is almost invariably traceable to
stupid or vicious management. A horse is
by nature kindly and obliging, and more
than willing to do what man wants him to.
His understanding, however, is limited,
while his very willingness and acute sensi
tiveness to praise or to blame make him
the more easily rendered sulky and vicious.
Miss Russell.
ELECTRICITY IN MEDICINE.
It is evident that the dependence of
medical science upon electricity lor diag,
nosis, prognosis and therapeutic aids in
every year growing greater. Witness, for
example, the recent discovery of the
Roentgen rays, by means of which it is
possible to discern the bones of the body,
and which have already become a most
important adjunct of surgery. Then, too
most of the aids rendered by electricity
are such as cannot be obtained by other
means.
One of the methods of applying electric
ity in electro-therapeutics is by introduc
ing medicine directly into the system by
means of the electric current called cata
phoric medication. It is known that the
passage of an electric current between two
poles through a conducting liquid me
dium such as is formed by the fluids of
the body, is accompanied by a decomposi
tion of the liquid and a transportation of
the particles forming the positive pole
through the liquid and the deposition of
them in the neighborhood of the negative
pole. Thus, when two poles connected to
a suitable force are formed of sponges and
applied at any desired part by placing
them in contact with the skin over sncli
parts, and the positive pole is moistened
with the liquid it is desired to introduce
into the body, the passage of an electric
current will be attended by the introduc
tion of the particles or molecules forming
the solution on tbe positive electrode and
deposition of them in the neighborhood
of the other pole, which may be located
Wherever is most desirable.
"What do Ido when I am sick? Why,
lam never sick. People don't get sick if
they don't worry. I eat and sleep where
ever I please, a.in always at home and as
happy as can be. If I hava work to do I
do it, and when I haven't, I go to the
nearest saloon and rest. You never catch
me a-worrying. When I can't have my
own way I do the best I can."
THE BILLIONS OF
CIGARETTES USED,
An Average of Two Hun
dred for Every Male
Inhabitant.
Enormous Consumption of the
Little Paper Smokers in the
United States.
The Product Is Greater in Figures
Than All the Corn Raised
in America.
About the only "fabulous figures" (or
figures thought to be fabulous by many)
of American product of manufacture used
to be those of the corn crop of the United
States, exceeding 1,000,000,000 bushels a
year and touching in 1893 the enormous
total of 2,060,(100,000. But these mam
moth figures of the production of corn in
tbe United States are totally eclipsed by
the figures of cigarette manufacture,
the total number of cigarettes made
in this country last year being 3.620,
--000,000. The total number of male
persons in the United States between the
ageß of 18 and 44 were returned by tbe last
census as 13,230,000; but adding those above
44 years of age and making allowance for
the increase in population since 1890, it is
safe to say that there are 18,000,000 men
and boys of "cigarette smoking" age in
the United States, and this would give an
average of 200 cigarettes for each man and
boy in the republic every year, provided,
of course, that cigarette smoking was
general instead of being, as it is, restricted
to a very small fraction of the whole popu
lation, mostly in the cities and large towns.
The number of cigars manufactured in
the United States last year, including, of
course, those said to be "imported," was
400,100,000, and at the head of all the
States in the manufacture of these was
Pennsylvania, New York coming second,
Ohio third, Illinois fourth and Florida
(Key West) fifth. It is encouraging for
New Yorkers to know that, although
Pennsylvania made more cigars than
this State, New York used more tobacco
in hers. Kentucky raises an enormous
amount of tobacco, but it does not use very
much of it for manufacturing purposes,
Kentucky tobacco being sent to other
States. Tbe Kentucky tobacco crop last
year was 190,000,000 pounds, of which lest
than 900,000 pounds were manufactured in
the State. Connecticut, too, raises much
tobacco and manufactures little. Eighteen
pounds of tobacco are required for 1000
cigars and three and a half pounds for
1000 cigarettes. The consumption is an
average of 200 cigarettes apiece a year
for the whole male population of tbe
L country above the age of IS years.ARTIST NANKIVELL
ENGAGED BY PUCK.
Another San Francisco Man
Makes His Mark in
New York.
George Francis Train Says That
Sam Wall Understands
Him.
Many Californians on Manhattan
Island Seen Through the Eyes
of Bob Davis.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 1, 1896.-I
imagine that every resident of San Fran
cisco who has ever met Frank A. Nanki
veil, and also a great many who have
merely known him through nis work as
an artist, will be delighted to know that
he nas been engaged by Puck, the leading
colored cartoon paper in America, to
make wnite and black pictures and col
ored cartoons and otherwise grace the
pages of that paper with his versatile
pencil.
Up to within a few weeks ago Mr. Nan
kivell was an artist on The Call, which
paper engaged him after the late lamented
Chic of San Francisco saw fit to expire
without leaving even a few last words.
His work while employed on The Call
was almost entirely refined caricature, not
of that variety that offends the subject.
but clean-cut, modified exaggeration that
is bound to attract attention and be the
foundation for comment.
For a time, as deplorable as the state
ment may aeeni, one would have no
trouble in finding people who did not un
derstand his work, but it gradually dawned
upon the great mass that he was giving
them the real thing, the action, ana the
person whose features was being set
down by his pencil. Slowly, but with a
certainty thai is being heard all over New
York to-day, he built up a vigorous style
FRANK A. NAN'KIVELL, the Young Artist Whose Work on tho "San Francisco
Call" Gained Him Wide Fame, and Who Has Just Been Engaged on Puck.
and technique that at once attracted the
illustrators of the East and moreover re
sulted in his coming here, where he went
immediately to work on the World. His
operations there were shortlived, and after
making a startling picture of Senator Frank
J. Cannon of Utah and Governor Morton of
this State he was immediately engaged by
the Journal, where he remained until Mr.
(iibson, the editor, and Mr. Bwartzmann,
the owner of Puck, offered him the situa
tion which he has accepted and which is
considered here as the highest position a
cartoonist and caricaturist can be compli
mented with.
I may perhaps be permitted to say that
Mr. Nankivell's future in not only
America but abroad is assured, and that
his salary is one of the best paid in this
city. As a matter of fact he has bounded
from a newspaper artist into the higher
fields at a pace that will astonish his warm
est admirers.
To-day New York City is strewn with
his first poster, a fair maid dressed in
sailor clothes flipping the hornpipe in the
midst of a field of red. It was designed
for the Journal, being one of a series, and
is already known as "Nankivell's Dancing
Sailor Girl." While the reproduction
from the original is not done in the hieh
est style of the art it shows thai the artist
has a wonderful capacity for putting start
ling motion into his pictures.
R. H. Russell & Co., the publishers of
Charles Dana Gibson's book, and also "The
Quest of the Holy Grail," illustrated by
Edwin A. Abbey, have engaged this prom
ising genius to make the cover plate for a
book soon to be issued which bears the
title, "Posters in Miniature," and which
will contain 250 reproductions from the
best posters yet produced in France, Eng
land, Germany, Italy and America.
"Nankey," as he is familiarly called, has
concluded to settle down in New Yorfc
with his wife and family and make it his
permanent home, with an occasional trip
abroad for ttie purpose of further perfect
ing himself in his work.
In bo far as I have for the last two years
had the pleasure of standing off the same
landlord and breathing the same air as
this artistic youth, the reader will per Laps
be willing to admit that 1 know whereof I
speak.
In San Francisco he was for a time
among the stragglers, but here in New
York he stands, still filled with ambition,
at the head of his profession. He has
promised himself to co on, to improve and
to some day stand alone. Hereafter these
things will be well to remember.
»•* ' *
I had a long talk with George Francis
Train, the »age .of Madison Square, the
other day. He was sitting when I ap
proached him, among his devoted young
sters. They don't happen to belong to
Train, but most of them love him just as
much anyhow. As soon as he learned I
was acquainted with San Francisco he
gave the children each a peanut or a bit of
candy and sent them scurrying in all
directions, with instructions not to return
for fifteen minutes. And his word is law
with them.
"Tell me," said he, fixing his intense
eyes on me, "do yon know Shortridge, the
editor of The Call?"
"I do."
"Will you do something for me? I
don't want to borrow a cent from you. I
don't want you to go to any unusual
trouble, nor do I want you to put yourself
out in the least bit. What I want* you to
do is to write to Shortridge and tell him
that the best account of my trip around
tne world that ever appeared ou a news
paper page appeared in The Call. Now
wait a minute. Don't get excited. I will
show it to you. Do you know Sam
Wall?'
"Very well."
"Good," answered Train, unfolding an
enormous sheet r manilla paper upon
which was pasted & page from The Call.
"Now look at that. Wall wrote it. We
went around the world together and beat
the fastest time ever made. Wall's a
great writer. He has a good memory.
Shortridge does well to keep him. Do
you catch on?"
Train leaned over nearer and beckoned
me to listen with attention. He put his
hand to his bronzed face and whispered:
"Wall understands me. He says I will
some day be the chief. I will. I have
worn my pants out sitting here watching
the pillagers wreck a Nation on the in
stallment plan. I know more than any
twelve men living or dead. I have lived
150 years and in six months my white
hair will be black and I will be young
again." The trembling voice rose to a
commanding tone and the steel-gray eyes
quivered as he poured oat his impreca
tions on the heads of the wreckers at
Washington. The words came quick and
| sharp and his eyes fairly blazed as He
| shook his hand and continued:
"They can't keeo me out of it. They
must have me. I fight against it all the
time, but it's coming— coming just as sure
as the grass grows and (he birds sing.
Mark you — yes, mark you — I will be the
next President of the United States."
He burst out into a laugh and crushing a
peanut with his thumb exclaimed between
tits of merriment: "Now, go and tell the
people I'm crazy. Yes, tell them I'm
crazy. I want them to think so. I fooled
them thirty-five years and they don't un
derstand me yet. But I will not submit to
their insults much longer. I wouldn't
use the White House for a dog-kennel, but
I've got to go there and straighten things,
out."
A little girl climbed up in his lap and
the man who used to make the bulls of
Wall street tremble when he went into
finance stroked the child's head, kissed
her on the cheek and was soon quietly and
logically quoting long passages from
"Taine's Ancient Reeime." »
» * * »
One can still see plenty of Californians
here. Just think what changes time
makes. W. T. Manning, who used to run
the Mission Star in San Francisco, is here
bristling with Pacific Coast energy. He
has started a weekly paper called the Man
hattan and the town is plastered with
half-tone pictures of himself reading his
own paper. For a time he ran a column
[onpolitic3 in the Recorder called "Man
j ning's column," but now he is at his own
j helm and it is not unusual that one finds
Billy flitting around Republican head
quarters uathering up the sure things.
Charley Schroder, who will be remem
bered as the treasurer of the old California
Theater, is now managing the Madison
Square Roof Garden. He drops every
thing but the combination to his safe
when a San Franciscan looms up through
j the palms.
While Coney Island, Brighton, Florida
and other Dleasure resorts, to say nothing
of the Catskill Mountains, are offering in
ducements to the perspiring New Yorker,
California is not altogether neglected. Mr.
I and Mrs. George Crocker left yesterday for
Castle Craigs in her private car, carrying
along with her the delights of her own
private French chef. They will spend the
summer in California.
J. H. Fiickinger, the Santa Clara fruit
packer, is at the Imperial Hotel waiting
for his son, A. F., who is on the way from
California. Fiickinger, pere, is keeping an
eye on the fruit market here, knowing full
well that California fruits can always find
a market bere.
I met Billy Carnes coming out of the Si.
Cloud Hotel the other day. It looked
strange to see him without Ross Johnson,
bis San Francisco side partner. Billy is
here on a visit to his relatives— Franklin
Bartlett, one of New York's leading law
yers, and Conrad N. Jordan, the United
States Sub-Treasurer iv this village. He
!«ays that all the time be handled Mumm's
champagnes on the Pacific Coast he never
ran across such bad red liquor as they sell
here in New York.
\V. C. Ralston, the ex-secretary of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
Scene in the Wonderful Stone Forest at the Base of Mount St. Helena, Shoving a Mammoth Petrified Redwood Tree.
Mining Association, is at the Hoffman
House, and, barring an occasional run
into Wall street, he can be found tftere a
good many hours out of the twenty-four.
W. 08. Macdonough, the owner of Or
monde, arrived here the other day with a
string of horses, and is ready for the
swiftest thing that steps.
George E. Lyons, formerly a San Fran
cisco artist, and S. E. Moffet, a writer,
have arrived here and are both at work on
the Journal.
Henry Gillig and Frank linger floated
into the Waldorf the other evening from
San Francisco and almost straightway
went off to Larchinont, the swell yachting
resort of New York. Those two fellows
seem to be without a care.
Mrs. William Dargie of Oakland has re
turned from AVashington, whither she
went to visit the family of ex-Congress
man Hazelton of Wisconsin and also to
attend the wedding of Miss Mabel Stew
art, youngest daughter of Senator William
M. Stewart of Nevada.
Charles Francis Forbes, a former min
ing man and resident of San Francisco, is
now at the head of the agencies of the
Mosler Safe Cdmpany. Mr. Forbes has
the proud record of having sold the largest
bill of safes iv the history of the business.
The deal consisted of disposing of 100
safes to the Mexican Government five
year 3 aeo. California records oat here j
are an every-day occurrence, which ac- ;
counts for the matter having been over- i
looked so long.
Manager Kirkpatrick of the Palace
Hotel is enjoying himself with Manager
Bolt of the Waldorf. Nothing to spealt of j
appears to be too rich for either of them.
Theodore Wores, the California artist,
who has made so much of a reputation
here in New York, is sjhortly to leave for |
Japan, where he will resume his studies j
among the people he paints so well. He |
wilLdoubtless pass through San Francisco j
and the Bohemian Club will have some
thing to say to him on tuat occasion.
Northrup Coles is here hob-nobbing j
with Billy Barton and looks to be the j
best-dressed man on Broadway. He has j
his eye on some asphalt deals, the result I
of which will not be immediately known j
to anybody but Northrup.
Mrs. Fremont Older, wife of the manag- ;
ing editor of the Bulletin, is visiting i
friends here and will remain several
weeks.
The engagement of Charles Baldwin and
Miss Ella Hobart upset some poDular be
liefs here concerning the lucky man. It
was thought to be simply impossible to
touch his heart, but the fair Californian
seems to have done it. The whole thing
was so sudden. Six weeks ago Charley
was at the Waldorf keeping it all to him
self.
J. A. Kahler, at one time manager of
The Call's art department, is mixing up
very profusely with the artistic end of New
York. He arrived here with his beautiful
blonde mustache carefully dressed like a
full-fledged and well-dniled Austrian offi
cer, but one fair day he appeared minus
the adornment and he now looks like a
theological student. Alas, his standing
on Broadway went with it.
Joe Grismer will soon hie himself to San
Francisco with his new plays, "The New
South," "Humanity" and "The Cotton
King." Sam Thall, a well-known San
Francisco theatrical man, is doing Gris
mer's advance and attending to it that the
name does not die out.
By the way, Lady Sholto Douglass is
here, but I fear from her audiences at one
of the vaudevilles that the occupation of
having the Lord upon her hands has some
what unfitted her for anything very re
markable in the theatrical line. There is
one thing, however, we must not forget—
she is still a Lady. Robert H. Davis.
A BELL-SHAPED MOUNTAIN.
Strange Freaks of Nature in Finlan-
son's Canal Near Alaska.
The following picture 19 drawn from a
sketch by Colonel W. H. Bell, U. S. A. It
represents a mountain over a thousand
feet high that occupies the center of a pas
sageway through Finlanson's canal on
the route to Alaska. Steamers can pass
on one side of it, but the shores are then
so near that they can be almost touched
from the vessel's deck. The shape of this
mountain is so symmetrical that it has the
exact appearance of a gigantic bell placed
in the center of the channel-
Monster Rock in Finlanson's Canal-
THE KING OF
THE RAT-CATCHERS.
Strange Secret Power of
Joseph Peoples Over
the Rodents.
They Peek From His Pockets
and He Handles Them as
Safely as Canaries.
His Story of How He Rids Hotels,
Ships and Warehouses of the
Little Animals.
A red-faced man about 35 years old, of
medium height and dressed in a corduroy
suit, was at the Grand Hotel yesterday.
From the Grand he went to the Occidental
and Baldwin, and back to the Quaker j
Dairy restaurant on gutter street. A
crowd followed in his wake, and others
seeing the crowd, and not knowing what
it was all about, trained along after the ■
man also. It soon became evident what
caused the furor. From out of the pockuts
of the cordufoy coat peered innumerable
reads of live animals. One was perched
on the shoulder of tne red-faced man,
while from the right sleeve of his coat I
dangled a long tail, the fac-simile of a rat- i
tail iile, except that there was a coil to it, j
for the tail was, in fact, a rat-tail, and the
various small animals peering about, ro
dents.
The man was none other than the
strange Englishman, who has been heard
of at different places on the coast as Joe
Peoples, the king of the rat-catchers. lie
Is a voluble, confident talker, and is full
of strange tales as to how he makes rats
disappear. For that is where he derives
his pecuniary benefits, occasioned by the
display of the rodents exhibited aforesaid.
About two years ago Peoples arrived
here from his home in Portland and set i
i out to eradicate all the rats from the great
i buildings of the City. He was unknown
i and his engagement was brief, but he
! managed to get $100 out of Fred Dexter.
the erstwhile manager of the Baldwin, for
: attempting the cleaning out of the rodents
in that big caravansary.
Peoples convinced Dexter that the rats
would, after he had made a few passes at
| them, be constrained to drop down from
j the upper floors and come up from the cel
| lar and foregather generally on the oilice
I floor of the institution; then they were all
to be conveyed out on the Powell-street
side and conducted to North Beach, or in
troduced to the waters of the bay from the
foot of Market street.
It was a great scheme and Peoples in
j veighed loudly as to what he could do,
and Dexter stood by and listened apace.
The end of it wa3 that Peoples charmed
away the good red gold in the hands of
Dexter and then set forth to accomplish
his mission. He got some rats, it is said,
but it doesn't appear that he could muster
platoons and brigades of them. Enemies
of his have even darkly hinted that some
of the rodents expired between the tim
bers of the hotel, owing to the effect of the
baleful drug that the rat-catcher had
strewn broadcast. It is said that for some
days the departed made their presence felt
about the institution that the manager
was bathed in gloom. But Peoples was all
business and insisted that that contract be
carried out.
"I have been in the business of ridding
ships, docks, hotels and other places of
rats for a great many years," said Peoples
to the crowd which surrounded him.
"Don't be afraid of these rats you see
here— they won't bite you ; I got these just
a little while ago. They were as wild as
any that you ever saw. It all depends on
how you handle them. I can take any of
them, and in a little while they will be
just as tame as any canary bird you ever
saw. Anybody can handle them, too.
"I have taken a lot of contracts since I
arrived here. I've been the rounds of the
hotels and I am going to work in a lot of
tnem. I've already cleaned the rats out
from Captain Tilden's bonded warehouse,
and also from the Yoio mill. I have just
come down from the Baldwin now. I'm
hoping to get a job to cJean out the rats
up there. My price from a hotel is about
$41. You see, I am taking contracts all
around, and if I get enough contracts I'm
going to move my family down here. I
have cleaned out a great many public
buildings on different parts of the coast.
Among them are lbe buildings of the Ta
coma Warehouse and Elevator Company,
the warehouse of Lily, Bogardus & Co. of
Seattle, Ihe steamer Danube of the Cana
dian Pacific line and many other places."
The rat-catcher king has an odd mode
of procedure. He begins on the top floor,
he says, and works down, sprinkling his
secret preparation everywhere that a rat
can hide. The preparation gives a pecu
liar smell, like a mongoose or a ferret, and
then the rodents seek pastures new. Ac
cording to liis graphic tale, if the patron
cares to stay until evening he can see
throngs of them scampering out of the
building to reach a place of safety. Joseph
recounts that he never a?ks for imme
diate remuneration for his work. He says
he is content to wait for his pay till he
thins the rats out.
"I can nearly always get all the rats in a
building or in a ship collected out of their
several hiding places by the general
sprinkling of my powder," said Peoples.
"But there is another way I have with ob
durate cases, and the way I do it is this:
If there are ancient rats, cunning, and
with exceeding great knowledge from
many experiences, which refuse to be
lured from their holes, I take some of the
tame rats which I always have about me
and daub them over with phosphorus.
You send these phosphorus - coated rats
out through a building and they gleam
through the dark places and different cran
nies liKe animals made of tire. This just
about scares the living lights out of these
ancient rats and they make haste to get
out of there. Never having seen rats made
of fire before, they are good and well
scared. They get out and up to the sur
face, and that's all I want.
"I once had a funny experience in
Portland. I had a contract with a man to
clean out all the rats in a building of his
for $20. I went to work and got rid of the
rats and was figuring how I would use that
twenty, when I met the man and he took
$5 from his pocket and handed me. 'That's
all I've got,' he said, 'you see I went into
the hands of a receiver this morning and
I can't pay any more.' But I learned
afterward the man had plenty of money,
but he wouldn't pay me any more, so I
had to conjure out a way of squaring the
matter. I have two kinds of powder, both
of which are useful according to circum
stances. I took some of this powder and
sprinkled it about in greater or less quan
tities, putting the greater quantities in
I and about the building that I had just
j cleared of rats. In a little while I had
i cailed ail the rats of the neighborhood to
this building, and they were swarming
everywhere. Just about this time the
boss came down and took a look at the
place. I thought he would have a fit. He
ran his fingers through his hair and was
the picture of anguish. 'What is this,
Peoples,' he said to me, 'that you have
been doing here? Here is nothing -but
rats, rats, rats, nothing but rats. I
thought you were going to clean them all
out.' "
" -So I did,' I said, 'but you didn't pay
me. Give me $40 now, and I'll make
them all disappear again.'
"He. hated to do it, but he had to toe
the mark eventually. I got rid of the
rats, and he paid me the money. I think
I can get some contracts here to clean out
the rats in different places. There are a
great many rats here. It is one of the best
towns in that way I know.
"For one thing it's a great wheat-ship
ping port. Wherever you can find a
great port of this Kind you find a superior
quality of rats. The rodeats travel to and
fro, and visit many lands. They ride on
the ships from here to Liverpool, to Dub
lin, to Havre, London and to all the great
centers of the world. The rats that you
see in San Francisco have not only voy
aged across the ocean many times, but
have been up the Clyde, the Thames, the
Rhine, the Necker and the Seine. Then
again, they have, like as not, been up the
Danube, the Volga and most anywhere
else you can think of. Some of them
have toured the Cape, and, I presume, not
a rat of any particular age who has ever
had a taste of life at sea has omitted to
travel around the Horn and see New
York.
"For the reason that the rats of San
Francisco know so much it takes a man
who is well up in legerdemain to do any
thing with them. A rat is not to be
taken in by everything and everybody
who comes alone."
COBURN'S WHITE ELEPHANT.
A Big Hotel on Pebble Beach That Is
Tenanted by Rats.
One of the largest and best appointed
hotels ever built in California was put up
by L. Coburn on Pebble Beach about twq
miles from Pescadero in San Mateo. That
was over three years ago and the structure
has not yet been thrown open to the pub
lic, but is standing alone in desolate gran
deur, the home of bats and owls.
The reason the hotel has not been opened
is due to a combination of circumstances
capable of many different interpretations.
The Man Who Owns the White Elephant.
It is even wrapped up in the history of
Pescadero. It seems that ever since the
place was first laid out the people of the
pretty little town nestling among the hills
have looked upon Pebble Beach as part of
their possessions. The land was of no
use for agriculture, but the people made
many trips to the place during the warm
months of summer and got advantage of
the sea breeze. San Mateo County sup
ported the road, to it and in due time the
citizens asked Congress to set Pebble Beach
aside as a National park. This was no
sooner done than Coburn stepped in tad
said the land belonged to him, as he hid
bought it many years ago as part of an old
Spanish grant. Of course there was a big
lawsuit, but Coburn went ahead and built
his hotel, saying he was going to open it
at once and kill the little town back in the
bills. He won the suit against the Gov
ernment, but found that he could not close
the county road over the bills as it bad
been a public highway for over twenty
years. That is, he could not close it un
less the road should not be used by any
body during a period of ten days.
The fight with the townspeople then
commenced, and is still being waged re
lentlessly. A certain amount of all shore
line, unless occupied by buiMings, is pub
lic property, so Coburn could not keep the
people off the pebble beach any more than
he could keep them from using the road
over the hills. He then built a road of his
own, much longer than the old one, and
invited the people to use it and let him
close the old one.
Mr. Coburn was asked if he would give
the new road to the county if the people
would give up the old one. This he re
fused to do, but said tne people were wel
come to use the new one as much as they
liked. The people, however, decided that
if Mr. Coburn would close one road he was
likely to close another, and decided to
hold on to what they had.
The fight has been going on now for
nearly two years. Citizens of Pescadero
positively refused to even walk over the
new road. Each day Coburn's man closes
the old road, but somebody from town
goes out with an ax and cuts a passage
way through, so that it is kept open con
stantly.
In the meantime Coburn \3 trying to get
the Supreme Court to close the old road.
So far he has failed, and declares he will
not open the notel until the people come
to their senses. Mr. Coburn says the peo
ple of Pescadero are obstinate fools and
the people say he wants to run the county.
The people along the coast who know
anything about the hotel bave named it
Joseph Peoples, the King of the Rat-Catchers, as He Appeared With His Rodents
at the Quaker Dairy Restaurant.
"Coburn's Folly," and say that nobody"
could live there if the place were opened in
the grandest style. The surroundings are
certainly bleak and desolate, except for
perhaps a few hours during the warm
days of summer.
The spot on which the hotel is built is
about as inviting as Point Bonita as a
place of permanent residence. Barren
rocks line the shore and the hills back of
the hotel are nothing but wild land. The
hotel is the only house for over a mile.
The hotel building is really a substantial
and tasteful structure. It is three stories
in height and contains over 200 rooms. A
wide veranda runs all around the first
floor, and the whole building is painted a
pure white. The interior is quite preten
tious. The halls are wide and the stair
ways are in hard wood. All of the rooms
and good-sized, well lighted and supplied
with pipeu for hot and cold water. In
fact, there is nothing lacking about the
hotel to make it a modern caravansary.
It is said to have cost $150,000.
There is only one man in charge of the
big and empty hotel. His name is Pat,
and he says he is there to protect the |
property from being set on fire. His
rooms are in the stables, but he patrols
through the building at night and keeps a
sharp lookout. It must be a most un
pleasant job, for even in the daytime it
almost gives one the shivers to walk
through the echoing halls and hear the
wind howling dismally and the melan
choly beating of the waves on the beach.
Many of the windows on the ocean side of
the hotel have been broken by birds flying
through them, and afterward nailed up with
boards, This does not quite keep the
wind out, and it sweeps through the halls
and stirs up little eddies of dust. The
sound of it through the upper part of the
building is weird and ghostly, especially
when mingled with the cries of some of
the flying creatures that have made their
homes there.
It would be sure death to bathe on the
beach in front of the hotel as the swell is
always very heavy. The beacn is also
covered with jagged rocks that rise from
the sand only a few feet apart. But so that
tiis guests could have the advantage of sea
bathing CoDurn built a dam across a creek
over a mile Irom the hotel. His idea was
to let it be filled when the tide came in
and then close the floodgates, leaving a
large lake that reaches far back into the
hills. The place really would be most dc
s rable for bathing, and if the hotel had
been built near by there is no reason why
it would not have made a most desirable
summer resort.
THE REMARKABLE
PETRIFIED FOREST,
Sonoma's Wonderful Vege
table Fossils vOf
Giant Size.
A Picturesque Array of Mam
moth Redwoods Turned to
Solid Stone.
The Great Natural Cariosity That
Les at the Base of Mount
St. Helena.
In the beautiful Sonoma foothills of the
Coast Range, at the base of Mount St.
Helena, is a fossil forest of conifers which
might well be considered the Eighth Won
der of the World. The place, being off the
main lines of travel, has comparatively
few visitors, and of late years is not even
accessible by stage.
There is a guide living at the entrance
of the forest. For a small fee he showed
us all its wonders and pointed out many
a beauty that we might not otherwise have
seen. Once inside we found ourselves in
the midst of gray lava outcropping!, and
climbed single file up smooth steps worn
in the slanting bed. The place is over
grown with gnarly trees and chaparral,
though we saw some unusually large ma
drones near the entrance.
Farther on he plunged us midway on a
sharp-angled scarp, where he paused to
smite with his hatchet a huge section of
redwood, "it sounds like pot metal, an' Is
heavier than granite. Here's two red
woods side by^eide that's so brittle they've
broke o' their own weight. You tee how
they all lay the same way, from north to
south, jes' as they fell when the 'ruption
from Helena struck em. This hull forest
of fifty acres was covered with lava sub
stance as was belched out, and it hez done
the work. Some says it was in Noah's
flood, but scientists says them trees hain't
never saw water. Dr. Morse from Massa
chusetts come here an' was jes' disgusted
with himself 'coz he couldn't tell nothing
•bout it. He brought all his instruments
so he could examine thorough, an' when
he got through said he knowed 'bout ex
much ez when he come."
These fossil trees are in two tiers in a
parallelogram a mile in extent from east to
west, and about a quarter of a mile from
north to south, the roots being invariably
toward the north. They lie at an angle of
from five to thirty-five degrees, the butts
being on the lower ground.
More than twenty years ago a Swede
named Charles Evans was the first to dis
cover this remarkable collection of petri
factions, and seeing its value "got his
sheepskin for the claim," as our pioneer
guide worded it. Since then a small fee
has been charged for admittance.
Although petrifactions occur in various
places on this coast there is nowhere found
anything to compare with these in Sonoma.
One can only wonder and admire, being
assured of the fact that here are found vast
numbers of primordial conifers, all giants
in size, which in some prehistoric age were
overthrown by volcanic force, and the
main body of the forest still lies under
masses of scoria and tufaceous mold.
NINETTA EAMES.
HEW TO-DAT.
From U.S. Journal of Jfrdirhu.
T^O Prof .W. H.
U\. A who makes a special-
gH g irC7t y °* E P'! e P s y> ha
M Eli 011^ doubt treat-
JL JL wkJtd and cured more
cases than any living
/y *4 Physician;
/ Jm h* s success
I 11 1 £1/1 I s astonish.
VIUCU behave
heard of
cases of 20 years' standing cured by
him. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with a large bottle of ; his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise anyone wishing a. cure
to address ..
?rof.W.H.PEEKE F.D.,4CedarSt.,N.Y. -
2526
A GOWN OF LILAS
SILK AND DIAMONDS.
Justly celebrated is the taste of the Austrian women, so the court toilettes which
have been designed for the "Millennium Exhibition" being held in Buda-Pesth will
suggest ideas which will be utilized by the leading dressmakers for the next six
months. The Crown Princess Stephanie wore at the court ball a gown of lilac silk,
covered with diamond-studded tulle" and finished with garlands of lilacs. Princess
Louise appeared in a velvet creation of a cherry hue embroidered in silver. It is
made a la pompadour.
Another fair Princess selected emerald-green velvet, magnificently embroidered
with gold, the design being very quaint, and imagine another gown of rose-colored
satin covered with gold flowers held in a silver net.
A star ly Archduchess wore a splendid robe of pale blue moire embroidered with
palms in silver. Her ball dress was a rarely beautiful conception of pale-gr*en silk
sprayed with exquisitely painted roses and trimmed with priceless old Venetian point
lace, the lace which the old Austrian nobles used to purchase by covering it with gold
1CC Gorgeous is the Countess Tassilo Festetics 1 toilet of white satin and silver embroid
ery made a la Marie Antoinette.
One of the fairies in a "Midsummer Night's Dream" might have been pale with
envy could she have seen a frock of white satin dotted with gojd points and having a
deep border of gold embroidery. The bodice is a glimmering mass oi the rarest gems.
A spray of the most glorious adorned the wearer's abundant locks.
A handsome dowager wore a mauve shot silk, combined with velvet. The passe
menterie was composed of gold and large pearls.
A costume which excited admiration was of a rare stoade of rose-colored velvet,
round the skirt of which were garlands of white lilacs. Another, which I should
have preferred, was of a rich Duchess satin, yellowish in hue and entirely embroidered
with silver.
A youthful Countess was a dakitUy pretty picture in a glace silk turquoise, blue
color, veiled with white tuile and white roses. And beautiful was a gown of white
tulle' and pearis over shell-pink silk, with yellow Gloire de Dijon roses and Parma
violets.
Many more costumes were mentioned by this correspondent, but in reading the
descriptions I t-ee most of the handsomest gowns were elaborately trimmed in gold,
silver and iewels. Al--0 note what quantities of lace were utilized. One gown was of
unusual artistic beauty on account of the embroideries ot steel with which it was
adorned. So we may expect to see, on all handsome evening toilets, embroideries of
all descriptions in the precious metals. Velvets will probably be much worn and all
shades of crimson will next winter probably be in the market, as for some time past
it has been banished.
The great Felix distinguished himself by sending some truly magnificent dresses
to Moscow for the coronation, so I shall give a brief description of four of them. A
dress of white moire was run with threads of silver, the long skirt being also embroid
ered with crystal beads. Tbe bodice had a deep collar cut in tabs, also embroidered ;
the court train was of white satin, covered with point d'Angleterre, it was three and a
half yards in length. Another trown was of a mauve and white broche nacre, with an
extremely rich appliwu-' of point de Bruges on the skirt; this same lace formed a small
Figaro jacket with a bouffant of gauze, held in place, apparently, by buckles of dia
monds.
A yellow satin frock had the skirt beautified with Venetian point outlined with
diamonds which completely covered the bodice. A simpler confection was of a pink
and white pompadour silk, around the skirt of which was a flounce; the bodice was
completely veiled with moussehne de soie and Valenciennes lace.
He aiso '-ent a cloak of white moire cloth elaborately embroidered with seed pearls
and trimmed with rare Brussels lace. An immense lace ruche surrounded the neck.
A SUMMER DUESs OF GRASS LAWN.
SMARTLY
This season in Paris every fashionable
woman bas a tailor suit, made in the sim
plest manner possible, but so smartly cut
that at a glance you can see that a master
of his art has cut and designed it; but a
Frpnch woman invariably has an arti u tie
touch about such a toilette to relieve any
possible air of stiff ness or mannisbness,
and at present the necessary results are
produced by the dainty sunshades and by
hats that are positive dreams of beauty.
The hideous nightmare structures, over
loaded with flowers, birds, lace and rib
bons, are things of the past. Toques are
much liked with the light-colored frocks,
and the best milliners are showing crea
tions composed principallyof lilacs ; violets,
both white and purple in color, are much
seen. Indeed, it seems to be an established
fact that violet 3 are always in style. Stock
in combinations of mauves and pinks are
liked.
The newest shape in hats is perfectly
round and flat, not very long, but suf
ficiently so to shade the eyes, and it, like
all uur chapeaux, must be worn very
much tilted over the face, so arranged with
the assistance of a small black velvet band
in the interior of the crown. Straws of
every possible color are used in the com
pu.-itio/i of these hats, and flowers are
i>':iccd halfway round them at the back,
underneath the brim, which retains its
natural position, and is therefore not
caught, up in any way. The front is
adorned with ribbon or lace bows inter
mixed with flowers, and an aigrette of
black feathers, usually three in number.
A good hat is a green tullo and shot straw
with n full cream-colored lace accordion
pleated and t:;ffeta ribbon, shading from
chartreuse to heliotrope and a bunch of
iris.
A young here is a picture in a
chapeau, which has a brim of gold satin
straw and a crown of cream tulle. It is
trimmed with cherries, green wings and
white glace ribbon.
A Gainsborough hat of drawn black
tulie has, around the crown, a box-pleated
edge of lace, a group of black feathers; a
bunch of roses and tulie strings completes
a hat worthy to be worn by a dark-eyed
belle.
Bathing suits are being seriously con
sidered by many of us at thii season, and,
having just read in Vogue some such ex
cellent remarks on this subject, I here
quote them for the benefit of all about to
make such a purchase.
A gown will accompany a debutante to
1 c Monte of white satin, with a bodice
,lv draped across the figure. Long
ends of satin ribbon fall from "the waist to
the hem frin ed with lilies of the valley.
Around the skirt is a ruche of mousseline
de soie. and the sleeves are of the mousse
line, caught up with bunches of the lilies.
A ruche of the lilies and mousseline sur
round the square-cut neck.
Bating <|)O''tj.
What we can never doubt is, that all
vagaries in bathing costumes are vulgar,
and not to be for a moment considered.
The yachting colors, blue and white, are,
in addition to black, the ones a woman of
good taste will always select for her bath
ing suit, and she will have it made very
well — extremely well — of fine Jersey cloth,
but simply, modestly. She will have her
stockings fitted and attached. She will
have her neck and amis covered, that her
skin may not be injured, and she will fold
pretty silk kerchiefs about her head,
and look what she is, a charming, well
bred woman, who never steps beyond her
own s?lf-respect.
Black, when a woman is not too syl
pnide, is, perhaps, the most seante of all
costumes, and for women of embonpoint
there is no argument in the matter — they
should never appear in anything else.
Slight women look best in white. It gives
breadth to thp outlines of the figure. Blue
is always pretty and becoming, but is
often spoiled by white trimmings, which
lor the first wearing may be becoming
enough, but look diniry after one drying.
I Trimming of all kind is in bad taste. The
I figure needs to be clothed in a solid color.
The secret is in a proper fit, which few
ever pay attention to. If one is badly
made physically, the best thing to do is to
wrap oneself in a mantle and slip into the
water unseen. No bathing suit that ever
was made will hide defects, or make
crooked iimbs straight, reduce ungainly
outlines, or put grace where there never
dwelt so peerless a gift.
After many experiments I have come to
the conclusion that for general utility and
effectiveness nothing is better fora bathing
dress than one of a very fine black alpaca.
Remember that you can purchase a really
beautiful quality, which is very wide, for
from $2 50 to $8 f>o per yard. Of course, it
has the effect of silk and is in every respect
superior to any other fabric in this respect,
that after a brief stay in the water flannel
clings in a most unbecoming and aggra
vating manner; but aipaca sheds the
water at once. Ido in all cases advocate
j black braided with white — just a little
white to relieve the costume. Last season
some of the pretty bathers wore over their
tresses gayly coforrd handkerchiefs, but
after a few moments' contact with the
salt water they were completely ruined, so
really a black one or one of white silk is
most useful.
Black and white continues to be regarded
wiih the greatest favor, and where bro
cades or tissues are employed for a robe,
the results are, in many cases, simpiy de
lightful. For example, veil a white glace
with mousseline de soie, which is run
with real black lace insertion and frilled
with black lace. Thesleevesof the mousse
line can be treated in the same way, and
the bodice draped to suit the ligure. Such
agown should be extremely chic. Violets
should be worn with it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
THE NEW ENEVING DRESS FOR GENTLEMEN.
Some startling innovations are reported j
from New Yonc. For instance, several i
men have been seen wearing with their i
Tuxedo coats waistcoats of black satin,
and "gaudy" waistcoats of every con
ceivable fabric are being worn with
! frock coat, lounge suit, and even
with evening dress. What these changes |
are leading up to it is difficult to predict i
positively, but it would not surprise me to
see a revolution in evening dress. Men
have discovered how comfortable and be
coming knickers are to many of them,
and not a few of the leading tailors
I in London are striving to have knee- i
breeches worn and colored cloths of the j
finest texture are suggested for the com
position of such suits, and if they are ever j
accepted it will be but a step to velvet, j
Each fall this change is agitated and thus j
far social leaders have been too conserva
tive to consider seriously so great an inno
vation. That it would in all respects be a
welcome one is open to question. I have |
had our artist present you with an illus- j
tration showing the ideas on this subject
of a well-known London tailor.
Patent leather shoes are not appropriate
with a lounge suit.
Now that golf is increasing in popular
ity and every other man rides a bicycle, it }
would be well to remember that "High- j
land gaiters are worn with knickers when
playing golf, but not when riding a bicy- I
cle. This is not an arbitrary distinction,
but based on good sense. In fact, no arti
cle of dress should be without its reason j
and its time and season. When playing j
golf, climbing over hills in rocky and stub- I
HOW BACHELOR GIRLS LIVE IN BIG CITIES.
Apartment life for women wage-earners
in great cities is a problem not yet solved.
At first thought one would imagine that
proper accommodations for self-support
ing and self-respecting women would long
ere this have been the natural outgrowth
of the influx of women into busiin-ss and
the professions, but I find on investigation
that the contrary is true, writes Mary C
Francis in the Boston Post.
Women as a sex are proverbially eco
nomical. The struggling young art or
musical student, the un Hedged newspaper
woman deluded with vain hopes of the
magazines, the great army of eager, aux
i ious aspirants of all ranks and professions,
! invade Gotham year after year, live in
dingy hall bedrooms, and work on bravely
and sometimes hopelessly. Worst of all,
too many economize in the matter of food.
If the average American woman yet
needs to be taught one thing more than
another it is. that the drain on t c physical
system caused by coping with the con
ditions of life in great cities must be re
plenished by proper, nourishing food.
Here again the question of expense,
proper cooking and service intervene, and
thus handicapped by ler sex and the
questions of sufficient li^ht, ventilation
and sanitary provisions the woman wage
earner in any large city has the problem
of life made doubly difficult for her. Add
tc this the element of loneliness that ob
tains in a center of commercial activity,
where the greed for the dollar has dwarfed
much of human sympathy, and rellect
then on the life that thousands of women
lead on a slender salary or a precarious in
come of uncertain amount.
She is pure, she must live, she must
bly ground and all the unevenness of an
open country, it is quite manifest that
gaiters are not only serviceable but neces
sary. When riding a bicycle they serve no
purpose under the sun except to make the
rider look ridiculous."
Also note: "There is one difference be
tween tennis and golf in regard to dress.
There is no recognized smart reception or
evening dress for tennis. When a tennis
player puts aside his flannels he dresses
for the evening or the afternoon in ordi
nary dress. When a golfer finishes his
game and goes into a reception-room of
the clubhouse or joins in a dinner or
luncheon, there is a dress suit, just as
there is a hunting dress for evening or
dinner. The dress suit is whatever the
individual cares to make it, except as to
the coat, which is almost invariably a red
jacket, cut with rolling collar, buttoning
high in the front with gilt buttons
marked with the initials of the club of
which the wearer is a member. In minor
particulars these coats differ, but chiefly
in the collars, which are of black or
white or dark green. The buckskin waist
coat would seem to be bad form in any
event."
Ushers at weddings wear gloves of white
glace kid, which may or may not have
black stitching, but it must be very incon
spicuous if preferred. Boutonnieres of
lilies of the valley have been much liked
and promise to remain popular.
Colored shirts for men are in great
vogue. Blue is the favorite. Blue and
stripes are most liked. Shirts in solid
blues, browns, pinks, yellows, heliotropes
i succeed, she must remain honest and
j self-respecting. What, then, can she do?
I How will she live? How does she live?
Although the facts in this article relate
I only to New York City, the principle ot
i the subject is equally applicable to Chi
l cago, San Francisco, Philadelphia, Cm-;
cinnati, and all large cities. Comparatively
limited statistics from these cities show
conclusively that no adequate provision is j
made in any of these places for woman .
wase-earners. In Cincinnati, for example, I
the greatest effort made thus far in this!
| direction has undoubtedly been made by '
j the Y. W. C. A., an organization which in i
; every city looks alter the welfare of young ;
! women, but they are seriously hampered .
| by lack of funds and a proper building.
The small university settlement is yet an:
experiment, and there is no apartment i
house or hotel for women or any accom- j
| modation whatever beyond the ordinary j
j boarding-house.
It is estimated that there are in New ■
York City alone 50,000 unmarried women !
j whose earnings are less than $10 each per
week. The greater percentage of these
have neither home nor family, and must
live as best they can on that income. It |
is diflicnlt to fix an ordinarily accurate es- j
timate of self-supporting women in all de
grees of professional life, but of women
permanently or temporarily located in •
and buffs are to be had. When the mate- I
rial is striped the pattern, of course, runs j
up and down. The cuffs match the shirt, |
but the collar must be white, either |
straight standing or turned down all !
around, or it ma3 T have deep wings at the
throat. "Two buttons are the vogue."
In England the most fashionable shirts
bare soft fronts, and in some cases have ;
both coliar and cuffs of white stuff. All j
silk, cheviot, madras and flannel have
white cuffs attached. Blue and pink j
shirts are also considered smart in Lon- |
don, and the soft-bosomed shirts will be
the only ones worn when traveling by
those who make a study of being com- ■
fortable, but declares an authority that
far and away the smartest summer shirt is
a plain white, very thin, figured French
lawn. The figure is woven into the goods,
and, of course, is white alsd. These shirts
arc not ready made, and can only be ob
tained on order, and very few haber
dashers make them. They are much more
expensive than the colored shirts and are
much more attractive.
Four-in-hands are tied in sailor knots
and club ties in double knots. Cotton ties
having patterns are not so popular as
those of one color.
Tne latest walking-gloves are of gray
j suede.
The only fashionable soft bat is the
i Hamburg, in brown or black. The correct
i Deiby hat has a high crown and narrow
\ brim.
White silk waistcoats are not considered
| in the least stylish, those of duck or fine
! Marseilles being the thing. C. C.
New York City— art and music teachers.
lawyers, doctors, newspaper women, ,
I writers, teachers of physical culture, elo
; cutionists and many others — there are not
less than 100,000 without any home life
other than that which they are able to
'• make for themselves. It must be noted '
i that many included in this estimate earn
£i>od salaries and are in prosperous cir- ;
j cumstances, but in New York City the ;
' problem of living relates almost as much ■
I to an ordinary income as to actual poverty.
Driven to escape in some manner from j
1 an unpleasant environment many a bach- i
! elor giri dies from the botirding-house and
; eagerly seeks the other extreme. She rents ;
i a studio or a bare room in the top of some
skyscraper and proceeds to live the life of |
a semi-bo. lemian, "for all the world like a j
man !" This means that ahe makes coffee i
and boils an eger over the gas or on a tiny
stove for breakfast, has an appie or an
orange for lunc:i, and very likely the all
but inevitable 25-eent table d'hote dinner.
This type of bachelor {>irl has three or I
four girl friends, all fixed about as she is j
herseif. They sometimes drop in of an !
evening, and they discuss possibilities and j
ways and means without arriving at any j
detinite conclusion. On the evenings when
they do not drop in the girl bachelor
mends her clothes or makes a spring hat,
while 3he wishes ibat she were rich.
THE SPANISH DUSE
CLOAK IS IN VOGUE.
tons This Tit c garment will be extremely useful during the coming season.
in in ere in! jacket is composed of accordion-pleated shot si.k the shoulders
being trimmed with a gold embroidery, studded with sequins and edged with chiffon
Ued wth b?ws of black satin ribbon. More simple, and equally stylish is a jacket of
plain facecloth, revealing a veat of white pique elaborately hemstitched around U. .
yOk VdJ-kf«'the races lately designed for a matron noted for her taste in dress, is
made of shot green, pink and mauve glace silk, with a bodice which bas braces of em-
S-oidered grals lawn The over sleeves are trimed with frills of the same and at the
back below the waist, is a pleated frill of watered ribbon, displaying the three colors
of the shot silk, and brought round with long ends to tie in the front.
Ravissante is a long summer cloak of eau de Nile mousseline de soie, made ro
wear with or without a silk slip. The slip matches in color, is as soft as marcelhne, and
lies with narrow ribbon at the armholes and in the back of neck when worn. Incrus
tations of yellow lace are set around the bottom. A lace cardinal's cape to match in
color covers the shoulder*, with ruff of green mousseline finishing the neck. Phases
of mousseline intermixed with lace, trim the fronts, which hang loose. Nothing more
captivating than this Undine vision have I seen.
For years French women have appreciated dust cloaks (they are really very per
fectly cut ana tit dusters composed of fascinating fabrics), and at last Americans real
ize that they are not only a great convenience, but almost a necessity, as to look well
gowned we must be guiltless of dust and soot, even if we have just arrived from a
long and tedious journey. No woman East is more particular than Mrs. John Jacob
Astor who is assuredly one of the best-dressed women to be seen in her set. Indeed,
unless you have a well-trained maid, you will find it no light task to always have
every minute detail of your toilet as it should be to stand Madame Fashion's criticism.
"Now a word about capes. New ideas are constantly being carried out with rare
success- for instance, mentally contemplate one of white glace silk entirely veiled with
a trellis work of grass lawn traced with gold thread and edged with ruches of black
lace or mousseline de soie. White capes-that is to say, those having a white founda
tion-are enjoying a great vogue, as well as those of gauzy white stuff over colored
silks Laces a"re frequently used, as well as grass linen so decorated with embroideries,
laces and insertions that they can scarcely be recognized. One of our rarely lovely
belles takes this month to Newport a sortie de bal of white satin, covered by a deep
cape of yellowish real Brussels lace, completed at the neck by a ruche of creamy white
rose petals So large are many of the ruches that they closely resemble small capes
and are certainly becoming to tall and slender figures, provided, of course, that, they
are of good fabrics which have been handled artistically, but deliver me from the abom
inations of cheap net, and yet cheaper lace. Such things spoil the style of any good
eown with which they may be worn.
Our tiny sunshades are decreasing in size most rapidly, and it is predicted that if
I they keep on we will soon be using the wee bit affairs of silk and lace so much iiked
three generations ago. They had ivory
handles which doubled up, thus permit
ting our great-grandmothers to carry them
in their pockets. Now they are exquisitely
pretty, and never has so much taste been
displayed either in the silk coverings or
trimmings or the handles. Some lovely
ones in white, with flowers of every hue
painted or printed upon them— convolvuli
poppies, primroses and Japanese tulips are
the favorites, and each sunshade has a
handle that harmonizes with the colors ol
the flowers and a knob mcrusted with pre
cious stones.
NEW TO-PAT.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
♦ . ' * ;
ISPECIALCLOCKSALEI
* -■■ ■ * ' • ■■ • ' ■ ■ ♦
I These dainty, pretty Porcelain Clocks &
I are all the rage now. Nine handsome i j
I styles, regularly $2 75, $3 and $3 50, go -J,
♦ on sale until Wednesday night at $1 75, '
♦$1 90 and $2 10. Decorated with Blue V
♦ Delft Marine Scenes, Dresden Flower <■ j
Sprays or Cupids. See them in the .<f j
&, window. . . m i
♦ «
J THAT BIG CHINA STORE- J !
♦ A Quarter of a Block Below Shreve'g. ♦
£ WANGENHEIM, STERNHEIM & 00., %
J 528 and 530 Market St., J !
{27 and 29 Sutter St., J
♦ '■". BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
♦ • • ■ ■ : • «
**********************
'^^^
22 Geary St., Neap Kearny. -
PRIESTLY'S
BLACK
, GOODS.
Being: the depot for Priestly 's Cele-
brated Black Dress Goods, our patrons
are always assured of reliable fabrics,
as well as the most recent designs and
styles.
JUST RECEIVED.
PRIESTLY'S FANCIES^.... $1.00 Yard
PRIESTLY'S FANCIES... $1.25 Yard
PRIESTLY'SFANCIES $1.50 Yard
PRIESTLY'S FANC1E5...... 51.75 Yard
PRIESTLY'S FANCIES $2.00 Yard
Goods sent C. O. D.
Samples forwarded.
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
THESUCCESS IOF THE SEASON
THE LADIESIRILL BOOM
—OP the
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
- OPEN UJSTIIi MIDNJUHT.
•L J ILI irMiLiLiLC^TLLi
■pEMOVES SUPERFLUOUS HAIR BY ELEC-
XV tricity at $1 a sitting; first sitting free; no
*car6left; moles, warts, e f c, also removed.
HEW TO-DAT.
1 > —-~- , —
[. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
\ MAGQIONI KID GLOVES.
NEW GOODS
ON
SPECIAL SALE !
Ribbons,
Gloves and
Ladies Skirts.
Don't waste time and money in shopping
when you can secure such values as these
RIBBONS.
'' 8500 yards Fancy Silt Ribbons, 5 inches
wide, in the very latest patterns in Dres-
den, Changeable, Ombre and Figured,
regular value 75c and 85c per yard.
Special - 50c per Yard.-
These goods should not be confounded with
inferior qualities, as they are superior
goods of the BEST make.
GLOVES.
Continuation Sale of our well-known La-
dies' 4-Button Celebrated BNNBLfJ KID
GLOVES. ■ V.*..r
Special - $1.25 per Pair.
All colors— sizes. " Every pair fitted to
the hand by experienced fitters and guar-
anteed.
j SKIRTS.
; Ladies' Grass Linen Skirts, extra wide, two
ruffles, edged with Van Dyke braid.
/
Special - $1.25 Each.
Ladies' Toile dv Kord Skirts, extra wide,
wide flounce, trimmed with wave braid.
Special - $1.25 Each.
Ladies' Mohair Skirts, in fancy colors, large
variety, lowest prices.
i . See "Chronicle" and "Examiner" for values
■ in other departments.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
hewmanTlevinson,
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STORE— 743 and 744 Market
Street.
FREUD'S CORBET HOUSE.
JUST RECEIVED— A LAROK INVOICE Of
Long-Waisted P. U. Sans Kivul Coraets, -
C. P. a la Slrene Corset*,
Celebrated Itoytil C. T. Corset*.
I Elegant X. T. French Cornet*.
Unrivaled HVerly Cornets,
• Bicycle Corset*.
The Reigning Fashionable LOUIS XT •
PARISIAN t'OKSET nod THE
OLGA COKSKT.
■ '•> H
o I I
CAUTION — Havlnar no agencies or branch
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment. -
; Mail orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN OUR ADDRESS
•M.PREUD-«b JSO2NT,
742-744 narket St. and 10-12 Grant Avo.ifovelties in
Oc/encej jfrt and
J&'terature.
Milking Cows by Machinery. » tal spirals and producing a liquid cone
An illustration is shown of a machine several centimeter? in height. Above this
recently natentori t nr mi H- t. cone a great number of little drops accum
cTrnTr Lt f™ «n»l""ng a cow. It lat vhich , ali back in spirals . Thia at .
comprises a frame mounted on rollers. It : traction at a distance is even more strik
is placed under a cow, and the teats of the ing if the water is slightly heated. The
animal are placed in ihe milking device, vapor then forms a hollow tube, of which
wlien the working of the crank arms by the hollow part is distinguished by its
t tie operator acts through a series of rods dark color and its geometrical regularity,
and gears to draw off the lacteal fluid into It shoots forth from tho water toward tn9
receptacles provided for it. _small mill, causing light objects, such as
i-s <>f straw which are Moating on the
Hliqui'.i, to be thrown up.
I Such is the experiment which in 1887
Hwa» made in the open air at the great
Hworks of the Weyiier & Richmond Com-
Hpany.
Improved Sprinklin?-Wagon
In the ordinary sprinkling-carts in gen
eral use the water simply flows from the
bottom of the tank through the spraying
device. As a consequence the pressure is
greatest when the tank is full aud so little
when the tank is three-quarters empty
that the water is not thrown any dis
tance.
To overcome this William A. Koneman
of Chicago, 111., has inventeo. a very sim
-Ile apparatus. It consists of a sta;;dpipe,
the full height of the tank, placed on the
back end and connected with the spraying
device. Within the tank is an endless
<ham of buckets, driven by the motion of
the wagon as it is pulled along the street,
that ra;se the water from the tank and
dump it into the standpipe. If the stand
pipe is kept full it follows that the pres
sure must be even and constant.
Novel Electric Railway.
James H. McGurty of Jersey City, N. J.,
ia the inventor of an elevated electric rail
way system calculated to transport mail
and express matter at a high speed and
BtiU be unaer the control of operators at
the different stations it passes.
The car travels on two tracks. It is sus
pended from one and rests upon the other,
both of them being attached to brackets
on poles. Above the car is a current wire
and a trolley wheel that carries the electric
tluid to the motors within the car.
A series of electro magnets keeps the
brakes light apainst the wheels when
there is no current on the wire. When
the current is turned on the braKes are au
tomatically unset and the car starts off.
In front of stations there are switches
which make it possible to throw the cur
rent out of certain sections of the trolley
wire. When the car runs into this "dead"
circuit, the brakes close automatically
and bring it to a standstill.
Shawl Strap Fire Escape.
Every traveling man can now carry a
fire escape with him as he goes from place
to place. The invention of Rinehart I.
llenuan of Covington, Pa., not only makes
this possible, but his apparatus can also
be made to do duty as a bundle carrier, so
that it really takes up no room at all.
The contrivance can of course be made
in different sizes. ' The upper portion con
sists of an oblong box with a reel on the
inside, on which a flexible ladder is wound.
From two of the lower corners steel hooks
hang down that are intended to act as a
support to the handle and also to be used
to grapple the edge of a window-sill.
To use the appafatus as a bundle carrier
the flexible ends of the ladder are to be
wrapped around the package. The reel
Combined Shawl Strap and Fire Escape
for Traveling Men-
is kept from slipping by a ratchet on one
end that holds it firmly after tne desired
amount of the ladder has been run out.
As a fire escape it is only necessary to
catch the steel hooks on the window-sill,
pay out the ladder to the ground and
climb down.
To Clean Sbips' Bottoms.
Patrick Rellly of Philadelphia, Pa., is
the patentee of an apparatus calculated to
pave ship-owners many big drydock fees.
It is intended to clean a vessel's bo;toin
while she is lying at anchor, whether
loaded or unloaded. The contrivance con
sists of double flexible frames made to
to the curvature of the vessel's
hull. Mounted within each of these is an
endless train of cleaning-brushes, in
tended to travel from one end of the
flexible frame to the ofner. The brushes
are driven by a chain, to which
motion is communicated by a sprocket
wheel at the tipper end of the frame.
Power, of course, can be produced either
by a steam engine, for lartre vessels, or an
ordinary crank, turned by a couple of
men, for small vessels.
To use this apparatus, it is adjusted
beneath the vessel at the bow. The
brushes are put in motion and travel down
the aide of the vessel to the keel, where
they make a turn to the outside of the
frame and return to the top again, to re-
T eat the motion. While this is goiDg on,
the frame is slowly moved toward the
stern until the whole under portion of the
vessel v scrubbed off.
Foundations of Iron.
A new way of constructing a solid
foundation for a tall building has been
tried with success in Berlin. It was
necessary to find a solid base sufficiently
strong to carry a building weighing more
tnan 10.000 tons. The plat of ground
upon which the building was to stand was
adjoined on both sides by high buildings,
which prevented the possibility of digging
in any depth for a foundation. The only
way out of the difficulty was the sinking
of a caisson in the center of the plat, upon
the cemented top of which a hollow form
of cement was built. Into this form
molten iron was poured, tilling up the
space, and upon this castiron foundation
plate the understructure of the building
now rests, while the side walla are sup
ported by a cantilever structure. The full
weight of the Joad upon this castiron
foundation is estimated at more than
2000 tons.
* Reproducing Cyclones.
Professor Cornu recently delivered a lec
ture at the Royal Institute on the "Phys
ical Phenomena of the High Regions of
the Atmosphere," which is reprinted in
>ature. During his disconrse he per
formed several very interesting experi
ments, reproducing in miniature cyclones,
whirlwinds and other atmospherical dis
turbances.
The excitement of the gyratory move
ment (which in nature has its source in
higher regions of. the atmosphere) is pro
duced by a small mill placed three meters
above a reservoir of water tbree meters in
diameter. When the small mill is made to
revolve (400 or 500 revolutions a minute)
tne aerial whirlwind sucks up little by lit
tle the surface of the water, which is seen
to be agitated and to be forming ceatripe
A Wonderful Telescops.
Great interest was manifested at the re
cent meeting of the British Royal Insti
tution in the new field-glasses and stereo
telescopes shown by the Zeiss works at
Jena. These instruments possess remark
! able features different from anything pre
' viously known. The objects sought in
I their cHsigti are (1) to obtain a consider
ably larger field than that possessed by an
opera-glass of similar magnifying power,
without the use of ordinary telescopic
eyepieces, and (2) to enhance the stereo
scopic effect of the-images seen through
the telescopes by placing the obiect-glaßses
of the binocular farther apart than the in
terocular distance of the eyes, or that of
the eyepieces.
Two types of glasses are mad*— field
I glasses, with magnifying powers from four
to eight diameters, and stereo-binocular
telescopes, with powers of eight to ten
diameters.
In the stereo-binocular telescope the ob
ject glasses can be moved through a wide
rauge. They can be put so far apart side
ways that it is possible to stand behind a
good-sized tree, with a glass at each side
of it, the observer being thus hidden
while he clearly sees all before him. Also
it is possible to put the two object-glasses
I close together and look over a wall which
j is higher than the observer himself. The
i value of this arrangement iv military
I matters is too obvious to need mention.
| It is the realization of the Irishman's ideal
lof seeing round the corner. A theater
glass, made on tnis principle, would be
much appreciated when large hats are in
fashion with ladies.
Practical Bee-Smoker.
Charles F. Street of San Mateo ia the in»
ventor of a simple and practical smoking
apparatus for beekeepers. It is always
ready for use and can be easily carried
from hive to hive by the operator.
The apparatus consists of a smoke-gen
erating chambor, conical in shape and
open at its apex. On one side of this is a
bellows with a tube, that turns upon itself,
leading to an air inlet near the opening.
The tube does not enter the smoke gener
ator direct, but discharges into the :nlet
in such manner as to leave the end of it
free. This assures a plentiful mixture of
air and also prevents suction when the
bellows is opened to fill it.
To use this apparatus the smoke-produc
ing (compound "is lighted in the conical
generator and when there are plenty of
fumes th • apex is inserted iuto the hive.
The bellows is then opened and closed
To Smoke Out Bees Automatically,
nntil sufficient smoke is forced inside to
accomplish the purpose desired.
A Wooden Bicycle.
A wooden bicycle alleged to have been
built in 1858, and to be the first pedal
action machine constructed, is on exhibi
tion in the window of a bicycle firm on
Broadway, New York, aud is exciting con
siderable attention.
Trre wheel, which is reproduced, has
| many novel features despite its antiquity.
The owner discovered the wheel in a small
town near Utica, X. V., and, appreciating
its worth, purchased it.
E. I. Horseman Jr., who is a well-known
bicycle rider, informed Tne World re
p(»rter yesterday that while the wheel is
quite old and has no doubt suffered some
roueh usage, it is in good condition. It
weighs 108 pounds, nearly 54 pounds
heavier than the average bicycle in use to
day. An ingenious and curious part is
the frame, which is a piece of iron curved
to fit the wheel.
The steering gear, while not elaborate in
either finish or design, is Tery strong. A
large iron coaster is attached to the forks
above the front wheel. The saddla is a
large affair, being of heavy wood, eighteen
inches long and twelve inches wide, and is
adjustable, as are also the pedals.
The diameter of the front wheel is thirty
sir inches, and the rear wheel twenty-eight
inches. The wheels are made of ash.
This bicycle, which is regarded as a
novelty now, is valued at $500. When
wheels of this design were in use, cycling
trips consisted of snort rides, which were
sufficient to exhaust the enthusiasm of
t. c most ardent rider. The cyclist's cos
tume is to-day radically different from
those in use in 1858. In those days the
owner of a bicycle was content to ride in
his ordinary attire, but the modern bicycle
and the up-to-date suit are entirely differ
ent from the above picture.
About Heiium.
The London press comments with vary
ing opinions on Professor Kayser's discov
ery in respect of helium. Associated in
small quantities with argon, which in turn
occurred with its apparently inseparable
companion nitrogen, helium has been
found Issuing as a stream into the air in
the gas springs of the Black Forest;
hence, according to Professor Kayser
to whom the discovery is due free
helium must be found in the
air along with argon. Exception
is made to this position, on the ground
that many parts of the world, as in Britain
are not favored with fissures in the earth
or with springs which are constantly
pouring a stream of argoniferous gas into
the air. The spectroscopic lines, says Pro
fessor Kayser, though very faint, are dis
tinct enough to show that its presence iv
the air is a matter of no doubt. Professor
Ramsay, the actual discoverer of helium
as now known to the scientific world
states that the most searching attempts
to demonstrate the existence of helium as
a normal constituent of the air — or, at any
rate, that sweeping across Britain— have
failed entirely.
A Western man has invented a thing he
chooses to call "a saluting device." By
merely pressing a button the wearer of
this can be certain his bat is raised at
least six inches, twisted from side to side
and again restored lo bis head. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1806.
An i:astcrn Man's Invention for Milking Cows by Machinery.
Improved Street-Sprinkling Wagon That Always Throws Water a« the Same
Pressure.
Elevated Electric Trolley Car for Transporting Mail and Express Matter.
Apparatus for Scrubbing Off the Bottom of Ships While They Are at Anchor.
A Device for Making an Artificial Tornado-
▲ WOODEN BICYCLE MAD£ IX 165&.
HE WOULD BRING
BLACK TRACKERS.
How the Duke of Fife's
Cousin Would Catch Cal
ifornia Criminals.
Dunham Should Have Been
Taken Two Hours After He
Left His Horse.
A Way for the Southern Pacific to Stop
Train Robb ry— Should Keep
Trackers at Fresno.
How \o catch the train-robbers and other
notorious criminals like James Dunham,
the Santa Clara raUrderer, Blanther, the
earlier murderer, who seems to be steering
for Cuba, and other terrible offenders who
at times infest California, has at no time
been regarded as an easy problem by the
Southern Pacific Company and fhe police
force of San Francisco and other cities.
There is a man in this town now who has
a theory as to what could be done, and he is
a man of vast experience. For a number
of years be had a squad of black trackers
under bis command in North Queensland.
He says it is the easiest thing in the world
for the railroad and the officials to trail
down the desperate criminals. Get
a squad of black trackers, he says; with
these ha is willing to guarantee that no
desperate character can here commit a
crime and get away, unless he manages to
do bo aboard ship, or by a to him fortunate
circumstance in getting an early passage
out by train.
Had we had some of the skilled black
trackers of Queensland here when the
two bandits robbed the Oregon and Cali
fornia train, and besides killing a brave
Sheriff, got away with $50,000 in coin, we
would have speedily apprehended the rob
ber who survived. Had he been able to
hide his coin as he did at the time of the
robbery without interruption, no guileless
tramp like Harms could, he says, have
come along, found the money and got
away successfully, as Harms tlid.
The gentleman in question is J. J. Brook,
a nephew of the Duke of Fife. He was for
five years in North Queensland, in charge
of a crew of the black trackers. He car
ried a great deal of gold from the mines
across the desert to the cities. He usually
only had four or five men with him, and
robbers could have held him up and de
spoiled him of his wealth at any t iiae they
chose. It was no trouble u> do thac. In
fact some of these robbers told Mr. Brook
that that was the easiest thing to do in the
world. But it was after the money was
stolen that the trouble came. They could
not possibly elude the black trackers, who
glued themselves like Nemesis to their
footsteps.
There was no such thing as shaking
them off, go where they would, over
sandy deserts, rocky defile, into the for
est and jungles. They might walk in the
water, but the place where they went in
and the place where they came out was
perfectly known to these black-skinned
men who toiled under the tropical sun
and who had been trained from infancy
and who bad the blood of skilled trackers
for many generations behind them to aid
them in their work.
"The frequency with which desperate |
criminals have escaped in California has j
frequently astonished me," is the remark j
which Mr. Brook made in summing up |
the matter. "Here is this latest liend, j
Dunham. The man might just as well {
have been captured as not and at once.
From the very moment that he left his
horse in the deep valley near Mount Ham
ilton it ought to have been no trick at all
to have captured him. If 1 bad had a
squad of these native trackers of North '
Queensland and got them there any time
within twenty-four hours from the time
his horse was found it is as certain as cer
tain can be that be would have been
quickly caught. If the black trackers had
been with the officers when the horse was
caught two hours would not have been
more than were necessary before the mur
derer could have been taken."
The theory of Mr. Brook, though he is
somewhat modest as to recounting the
whole of it because, as is understood, of j
restric; ions put upon him at the time he i
was in the employ of the North Queens- J
land Government, is that a dozen or so of j
the most skill d black trackers should be |
brought here and kept for just such emer
gencies as those that have been recounted.
These native black truckers are accus- i
toraed to a very hot climate. It has been
suggested that a place like Fresno would
be admirable as a permanent living place
for them. There they could Jive much
after the same manner, if they chose, as j
in their own country.
"I have had a great deal of experience
among the black trackers at one time and
another," said one of the gentlemen yes
terday. "I think people here, although
they have heard much aoout the powers of
these native blacks, do not by any means
know the phenomenal skill that the
best trackers possess. It is a peculiar art,
and the natives, who are the wildest and
the farthest away from civilization, pos
sess it in the most. Civilization seems to
dull this intuitive, almost supernat
ural, knowledge that they possess in re
gard to tracking. You must re
member that from their earliest infancy
they are taught to watch the track of
every little bird, insect and animal. It is
the way they make their living. Their
lives depend upon it. Each child has to
learn to track an opossum, wallaby, or
whatever else it may want to satisfy hun
ger. This makes the natives wonderfully
acute. They can not only tell a track
when they see it, even where you would
not suppose there was a track, but they
can tell how old it is and arrive at all
kinds of pertain conclusions in regard to
it. A little bent twig, the turning of a
blade of glass, the angle at which a leaf
rests, and a hundred other things of that
kind is a whole alphabet to the black
tracker.
"An ordinary man steps on a stone, for
instance. We'll, you look at the stone.and
you don't see anything, The trail is lost.
But a black tracker comes up and looks at
the stone, and be sees there, perfectly out
lined, the whole impression of the foot.
He's got a little black, beady eye that sees
like a microscope. Perhaps he sees sand
on the stone, and he blows it away with
his breath, and he then looks" again, and
he sees that other sand is packed down by
tne middle of the sole of the foot firmly,
and he knows in sizing it up how old that
track is. All he has to do is to follow it
along.
"These native trackers are a timid
people. They will trail your maa to the
MKOLA TESLA, the Magic Worker in Electricity, in His Laboratory.
bush and they will go all round it and see |
if there are any tracks leading out cf it. |
If there are any they will see them and go i
on following them up, but if there are not '
any out they'll come back to you and say i
'Your man is in here,' and then they will !
turn over the job to you. This is the !
work of the black tracker. He doesn't;
fight, but he fixes the job for the armed i
men who are with him.
"Why, take the case of this man Dun- !
ham — that is something to be thought of. !
If a squad- of ten of these trackers— they !
always go in squads of ten— had been put i
on tne trail of that man when his horse
was found he couldn't have got away — it |
would have been impossible. They wonlrt |
travel faster than he could possibly travel.
They po on the run, they go on the dead ,
run, and they would soon tire him out. ;
These ten travel one behind the other, and 1
NEW TO-DAY.
An absolutely safe dentifrice, popular with refined people for over
half a century. - • - - AH Druggists.
i£Sl& UyuS&flr j/ r^HJii\ JgkjjreS^ lf&3ff'^Cs£jtf itwlPr jElg 0m 'vffw
J^jeth^Sheath.
A sample of liquid Sozo loni by mall, provided you mention this publication and send three cents for
postage. Address the Proprietors of Hozodont, Hall & liucKEi-, Wholesale Druggists, New York City.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
! BIG REDUCTION W RATES BY RAIL
j SUNDAY...... .....:..... ...JUNE 7,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8 p. m.
ap t\ ft— lncluding Berth in JPullman Tour-
V) 0 1 U U i*} Sleeper. '
™ ...: AM0 ....
' First-class tickets,' including berth in djjl A.OO
FullmanStandard Sleeper. . «DIU
S ! EC L 'N^TrC 5 ;.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pa*
Fencers ac intermediate stations, nor will tickets ijj
sold or baggage checked to such points.
jTgfJP- Through Ticket* for Puirefc Sound
point* on Sale at Reduced Rate*.
Fur further information a .ply at '
613 MARKET BTKKKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco. .
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOOD-MAN,
Oen. Traffic Mgr. Oeu. Pass. Agt.
SOI'TIIKSN PACIFIC COMPAJiT.
(t'AUIFIO SYSTEM.)
TrMlna leave »nil lire tliio to urrive at
■AM FRANCISCO.
c r .> v — Fnow M\T 3, 1396. — ab b r
*O:OOa Nile*, San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8: 15a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogilon and Hast.. ■ 8:45»
7:00 a Benicia, Vacavil.'e, Kumsey. Sacra-
mento, and Hedging via Davis.... 6:43p
7:00 a Martinez, Ban Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:15*
8:3Oa Nile*. . San. Jnso, Stockton, lone,
• . Sacramento, Marysvillo. lied Dluß
ami Sundays exccptedOrovillu.... ■l:15p
. •8:30 * Peters ami Milton. «7:13p
0:»Ua Los Angeles JRxjtrcss, Fresno, Santa
liarbara end )<<>* AuguK-s 4:45*
O:OOa Martinez and Stockton.... : . 10- 1 5a
O:OOa Vallejo «:Isp
l:OOpKilcs, Ban Joso and Llvcrmore i*:-l~»\
•1:OOp Sacramento River Steamers *!»:OSJi>
f 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations f7:45*
4:001' Martinez, Ban llamonf Vallejo,
Kara, G'alistoga, El Verauo and
■Santa Kosn • 9:15 a
4te«j> BcnJcia, . Va<»T>lle, Woodland,
JCiiiglits Landing, filarysville,
< ii i > v i 1 1 « • and Sacramento 10:45 a
4:30r Kiles, San Jose, - liverruore and
Stockton 7:15*
4:SOp Mcrcel, Bcrenda, ■ Raymond ((or
Yo?emit<j) and Fre5n0............ 11*40*
ss*«i> New Orloans I^xih-cbij, I'restio.Rakera-
. Held, Buitd l»iubava,l.os Augclcn, ■
. ■-. Betniug, El l'aso, New Orleans and
East.... 10:11 a
s>oop Santa Po Route, Atlantic Express
.-- • forMojare and East 10:15 a
.Vallejo , 11:1.1 a
6iOOi« European Mall, Ogilen acd ICust.... O:15a
O:UOi> ll.ivnnnls, Miles Hail Jose 7s I.la
}7:00r Vailejo 17:45*
7:UOp Oregon J'Jxpvcs3,Sacraniento, Jlar «-
-villc, Redding, Portland, r-.ijict
| •■- bound and Kast ....,..: 10545 A
SANTA <:KHZ DtVlslOM (Narrow t'«uci-,.
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:»3*
SilSa Nt!war!c,Ceii'.evvi!lo,Haii. lose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations S:s«p
•2:15? Newark, Ccnter»ille, San Jose, New
Almadcn, Felton, Iloulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and ' Principal Way
5tatJ0n5...........,..........i.....*11:2©A
■ 4:15p Newark. Snn .lose and I.ob (ia105.. .. O:5#A
COAST IH VISION (Uiinl & Towiimikl Sis.)
*6:45 a Han Joso and Way Stations (New
AlraadeM Wcdneudaysonly)........ »1:45r
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion tor San Jest 1 . '
Santa Cruz, Prtclfio Grove, and
Principal Way Stations $8:35*
8:13 a San Jobo, Tres Finos, Hanta Cruz,
Pacillo Grove. Paso Roblcs, San •
Luis Ul)ispo, Guadalqpciuiri Prin-
cipal Way Buttons 7:C3p
t9:47A Palo Alto and Way Stations t*:4sp
1O:IOa San uiidWny 5tati0n5.......... 5:0 Op
11:45 a Palo Alto and Way Stations....... a:3op
■ *2:3Ur>San Jose, Oilrny, Tres.Fiuos, Santa
Cvt Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
*•■ Grove *10:40 a
•:t::iOp SanJoße and Principal AVay Stations »:I~a
♦I:3Op San Jose and Way Stations »8:00 a
!>:3op San Jose and Way Stations • *B:4Sa
<J::tOp San Joso and Way Stations... 6:35 a
f11:45p San Jobo and Way 5tati0n5. ........ t7;4»p .
' HAN LKAaimo'AMi HA¥WAIU>S LUCAL.
i*»:OOa "I ~" ( 7:1
- 8:0Ua : - . t9:45A
l£S» A Melrw, Seminary Park, lariat
'"[Sop ' Fltchbarff,S. Leaadr 8 - *££*
3:00p I M d J *****
4:00p f . 1 5:43p
5:00p . ITimrii. -6:13p
O:3Op utjnvxu. 7:43p
7:»0p 8:45 P
fl:00p ._ . . ' ~ 0.--13P
■■- 9:00p » Runs through to Nile*. .. lo.SOr
tfll:lsp J * FromNUes. (. ttl2:Oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAD mSCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 '■ r : 0:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:flO »2:00 t3:CO
•4:00 - ■■: }S:QO V *6:00 p.m. -■
From OAIUHD— Foot or BrosdMT.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.M. 112:00 *l:00 13:00 *3:30 t4:CO
•3:00 p.m- ■ ■. : .:■■ ■ '-'. ■■--- -■ ■■-••■ ;
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ' ■ . ". •
• Sundays escepted. ■ t Saturdays only.
. '■■■■.- X Sundays only.
~ " M f'" > P'" lt'^*'7 '"■l Satuxdaj niehts only.
if the front man for a moment leaves the
trail the next man catches it up and goes
right on, and it he doesn't do it the next
one does. Every one of them has his
eyes glued to the eround and goes at a dead
run. It wouldn't have been possible for
Dunham to have got away under such
circumstances.
"There was Son tag and Evan9 ; how many
months they bothered the people of this
State, and how many Sheriffs and deputies
were after them. How lone they were
able to hide up in the neighborhood of
Samsons Flat. Think of the money
and the loss of life thai in one way or
another have been sustained at the hands
of desperate men. .The solution of the
problem is in the employment of the black
tracker. The cost of getting a dozen of
them, say, and bringing them here from
Queensland and keeping them on regular
pay, would not amount to as mnch in
years as is entailed by the cost of pursuing
a single great criufcnal."
. RAILROA.D TRAVEL.-. '■ ; _■•-.'.
SASFPiIwIiRTHPT
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DA YS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:33
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1:53
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7-.30, 9:30. 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:31
5 :00, 6 :20 P. M.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK 'DAYS— 6:IS,-' 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a m.-
V 7 i? 5 n l d%ys% 8 r rdays - Extra ' * i
at 1 :55 p. m. aud 6 :35 p. m.
SX;: IfoO. Y 6^S 7 p 36 K. 9:i>; " U:l ° A - M ' ; 1A0 ' 3:4 *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc same
schedule as above.
JL-e«ve~ Tnpffppt Arrive
San Francisco. : £ p,n 2. \ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- Le. 1 ,?^.,,,. j Strx- I AVkkk
Days. I days. PAYB . | Days.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, ! 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:80 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, j 8:05 PMi 10:10 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, j 7:30 pm 0:15 pic
~ ~ I Fulton, I > ~T~
7:30 am • Windsor, | 10:10 AH
Healdsburg,
GeyaervlUe, \\
3:30 pm 7:30 ami Cloverdale. i 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■'" • I'i'Ma. • - . •■ ■
7:3oam( Hoplaud & 10:10 am
3:3opm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 6:lspm
7 :30 am : i 10:10 am: .
■■■" 7:30 am Ouerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 .:...-. j _?' :15
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pu and . 6:05 pm 6:15 pic
! 1 r. ... Glen Ellen, i ;
7:3oam|7:«oam| se ba9 , onn i 110:40 am! 10:10 am
M ;6:OOPMi ! ' > ? stop 1 [ 6:03 PMJ 6:15 PM
Stages connect at Santa ROM for Mark Wm
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skasfijs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for -Highland
Springs, KeJseyvllle, Soda Bay and l^keport; at
liopland for Lakeport and Uart'ett Spring-;; »t
I'kiaii for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blun
Lakes, Ltinrel Dell Lake,. Upper Lake, i'omo, Potter -
Valley, John Day's, Llerley's, Bucknell's, San
tie Irin Heights, Hullville. Booneville. Green-
wood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, {.'sal, AVlllets, Canto, Covelo,
Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoed
rates. -
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all. points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C WHITING. . It. X RYAX.
■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrive 4>£si&srP&£!MK&l
m Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRbSS
To Chicago via A. & P- Direct Lino
Leaves every day at sp. M.. carrying Pullman •
Falace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and St. 1 5 > AVrA FE ROUTE EXCUR- •
The FouUiar s.-v.iTA IE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-data upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room
Ticket OCice— 644 Market street,
Chronicle Building.
SORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saustklito Ferry).
from San Francisco, coranv March 29. 1898.
WEEKDAYS. .
for Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, »8?00
*9:15 10:16, 11:45. a. X.: 1:15, 3:iO, 4:15.
6:16, *H:00, ij:3sf. M.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dM» .
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 P. M. . • .
■ .SUNDAYS.
JPer Mill Valley and S&n Raxaet-*8:00, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:30 A. m.;*»l^:Bj. ♦! :30, »2:15, *4:00,
6:30, 6:46. 8:80 P. M. Extra trip to Sauialltoa*
11 :00 a. m. , .
Trains marked • run to Baa Quentln. •♦13j30 !
. r. M. does not ma to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 F. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
SAO a. M. Sundays— Cazadero end way stations.
9t09 *< M. Buaslayi-roiat R.ej Vi ana way slfttlQa* .
2728
Tjhe ZRide of Uwenty-Four Ohio ffioys in SSlue to Chattanooga and to 7/eath.
In April, 1862, General O. M. Micthell,
commanding the Union forces at Hunts
vil.'e, Ala., called for twenty-four volun
teers for the performance of an extra haz
ardous duty. The object was to penetrate
the enemy's lines, reach some point on
the Georgia State Railroad between At
lanta and Chattanooga, seize an engine
and by a retrograde movement toward
Chattanooga dash over the road, cut tele
graph wires, tear up the rails, burn
bridges and in every possible way destroy
the enemy's main line of communication,
and by thus shutting off assistance and
supplies, force the rebels to evacuate
their stronghold in the city of Chattanooga.
It was one of the most audacious expedi
tions ever conceived by tno Union forces
during the war. Its very wildness threw
about it the glamour of romance, while the
purpose it sought to accomplish promised
the most gigantic and overwhelming re
sults to the Union forces, with the most
sublimely direful consequences to the Con
federates. Indeed, had the expedition suc
ceeded, this one act would have been more
disastrous to the rebel cause than the an
nihilation of Beauregarti : s army at Shiloh.
All those engaged were enlisted men
from the Second. Twenty-first and Thirty
Uhose Who Z/each and TJhose Who Study at the jCick School of 9/fechanical j{rfo.
Vhe 7/fost Completely Equipped 9/fanual
Tjraining ~ School in the United
States"sts Second %/ear.
The California School of Mechanical
' Arts, founded by James Licit, who left |
$540,000 for that purpose, closes, on the s;h
of June, the second year of its existence.
Practically but eighteen months have
elapsed since the school was opened and
of these six months were spent in or- '
ganizing the classes and learning from
practical demonstration the capabili- ';
ties of the students and the best
course to be pursued in conducting the
school so as to secure the most favorable
and lasting results. At the opening the
equipment of the school was far from com
plete. There has been added from time to
time such machinery and apparatus as
were demanded, but on tbe opening of the
school on the 27th of July next,
there will be no department left in
complete in this respect. Tbe black
smith, forging and machine shops have
been supplied with the very best tools that
could be procured, while the department
of physical science has been furnished
with such splendid apparatus that only
the great universities can surpass it. Fronji
the annual report of tbe principal of the
school interesting details of the re-
suits ■ have been gathered. Two hun
dred and tbirry-six pupils are now
in attendance, and when the scnooi
year opens in July 125 more will be added
to the present numbers, of whom seventy
five will be boys, one-half to be chosen
from counties outside of San Francisco.
The demand for places is so great that, if
desired, the freshman class could easily be
doubled. The requirements for entry
have been made so very stringent that
only a pupil who is in real earnest and
capable will be admitted.
The faculty for the next school year will,
be as follows :
George a. Merriix, 8.5., principal ana
'eacherof theoretical mechanics.
Miss Emma Hkfty, 8.L.. English.
Mrs. Sophia A. Hobe, history and govern
ment.
Oedrgeß. MOLT.ER, M.A., mathematics.
Miss Caroline W. Baldwin, 8.*., D.S.,
physics.
W ii.liam H. Hoixis, 8.5., chemistry.
Miss Eda Menzkl, free-hand drawing, design
tny anl carving.
Oliver S. Goodskll, mechanical and archi
tectural drawing.
Felix Peano. modeling, designing, and archi
tectural ornamentation.
Miss M. L. Crittexdes, sewing and cooking.
tiiWARD T. HXWXTT, carpentry and pattern
making.
I. L. Mathis, forcing.
Matthew Arnold, molding and machine-shop
practice.
Tv at the school has demonstrated its
practical utility no person who has ob
seived the results achieved by the pupils
can possibly doubt. The machine-shop,
molding and blacksmithing departments
afford surprising ocular proofs of the
readiness of the average American boy in
learning trades. Much of the work of fit
ting up tbe departments is the handiwork
of the scholars, fresh from the City
schools, few of whom ever handled a tool
in their lives.
The prime object of the school is to
teach trades. It aims to give each student
a thorough knowledge pf the technique of
some one industrial pursuit from, which
he may earn a living. It offers, however,
something more than the mere equivalent
of a workshop apprentice. It gives sys
leniatic courses of instruction in English,
mathematics, science, physics and tbe
arts, an intellectual training as well
as practical, and with this equip
ment the chances of ultimate pro
motion in the trade he . selects is
almost assured to the pupil. The first
two years of the course are prepara
tory, the balance of the course must be
devoted to one specialty. On graduating
the attentive pupil needs but a brief pre
liminary experience in a workshop to fit
him for filling the duties of a first-class
mechanic.
The average annual expenses of a pupil
for material, tools and necessary parapher
nalia will not exceed $20. There is no
charge for tuition. It is satisfactory to
J»now that the income of the school is in
excess of it? expenditure. This year the
surplus will be over $8000.
Tne trustees of the Lick School in antici
third regiments, Ohio Volunteer Infantry,
who bad been selected on account of their
well-tried courage and discretion. Only
two of the number were apprised of the
details, the others knew nothing more of
the movement tban that it was* filled with
perilous adventure. They, however, com
prehended enough of its importance to
feel -that success meant to them honor,
fame and promotion, while defeat was
almost certain capture, horrible prison
punishment and probably ignominious
death.
Clothed in the dress of citizens and pro
vided with revolvers, they made their way
in parties of twos and threes, seeking by- ]
ways and passing over mountains and |
! through their fastnesses, at last reaching j
! Chattanooga without their real characters
being discovered. Here they assembled,
and it was found that twenty- two of the
daring volunteers had reached the ren
dezvous. These tock passage on a train
leaving Chattanooga, and by midnight of
April 11 reached Marietta, Ga., where,
without attracting observation, they re
mained until next morning, when they !
; boarded the train for Chattanooga. Big
I Shanty is a station not far north of Mari-
I etta, and here, while the passengers, the
pation of a favorable decision locating the
Wilmerding School in San Francisco have
suegested to the trustees of the latter De
quest the propriety of a joint arrangement
whereby reciprocal advantages may be ob
tained by pupils of both schools. If the
Wilmerding School could be built on
a block adjacent to the Lick
School, all the facilities possessed by the
latter — and they are said to be ample for
both schools — would be at the service
SIUDENTS AT WORK IN . TH£ MACHINE-SHOP OF THE CALIFORNIA SCHOOL OF MECHANICAL AUTS-PORTRAITS OF TWELVE OF THE INSTRUCTORS.
THE SAIN" FRAISCISUO UA.LII, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
engineer and crew were at breakfast, the |
intrepid Ohio boys detached the locomo
tive and three cars from the' train and,
opening wide the throttle, dashed away at
full speed toward Chattanooga. Their
plans were so carefully prepared and so
promptly executed that before the amazed
people at Big Shanty could recover from
their astonishment the daring wreckers
were out of sight. Not stopping to^ cut
the telegraph lines the disguised vol
unteers threw coupling hooks which
grappled the wires and tore them
from th 9 poles, thus cutting off
that source of danger. They were now
upon the field of the perilous operations
proposed by the expedition and were to
commence the work of destruction by
burning the railway bridge over the
Ettawah River, bat before this could be
accomplished the wreckers suddenly en
countered unforeseen obstacles. Ac
cording to the schedule of the road but
one train was to pass them, wbareas they
met three, two of which were military
specials, and these in passing caused a
delay of an hour to the Union lads, the
latter recognizing the former's right of
way, thus escaping detection for the time.
But by this delay the first train south
of the Wilrnerding scholars, while
the Lick scholars would enjoy
all the facilities that its neighbor
afforded. The new school could offer
courses of teaching that the old does
not, while in the field of mechan
ics the Wilmerding has a large
scope that the Lick does not touch. By
joining forces, it is argued, a wider course
of study could be afforded pupils, and the
expense of equipment and maintenance
could be materially reduced.
The advantages of mechanical schools to
the rising generation is almost beyond
estimate. The experiment has been tried
in many of the European countries with
the most fjatterine results. In Sweden
particularly the Government has about
concluded that they are of as much if not
more importance than the grammar
schools.
The California. School of Mechanical
Arts, it is claimed, is the most completely
ward had reached Big Shanty, learned of
the raid and was. returning in pursuit of
the darine wreckers. These saw the
failure of their enterprise and their own
fate if capturea. Hastily tearing up a
few rails they steamed forward, seeking
safety in flight. Their pursuers replaced
the rails and fairly flew after the run
aways. An excitini: race of 100 miles at j
high pressure— the speed sometimes reach- j
ing a mile a minuter-exhausted wood and
water in the fleeing engine, while the
rebei train gained unon them every
mi«ute. The fugitives saw the in
evitable aud, abandoning their tram, took 1
I to the woods, each one endeavoring to
save himself, and thus fate frustrated the
j grandest coup d'etat ever attempted by
! the Union forces to inflict a fatal blow
upon the enemy.
An alarm was sounded and the whole
population thereabouts turned out to cap
ture the courageous adventurers. For
this purpose trained bloodhounds were
put upon the trail and the entire twenty
two were captured. Private Jacob Parrott,
Company X, Thirty-third Ohio Infantry,
was the' first to suffer. Refusing to reveal
the engineer's name or the name of his
comrades, he was lashed on bis bare back
J equipped of any similar institution in the
j United States. The following table shows
j the cost of fitting up each department:
! Eng1i5h....'....".....'.. $461 87
I Mathematics 334 27
History 348 05
Physics .......... 1,545 08
Chemistry 1.347 18
Freehand drawing and designing. 1,384' 93
1 Mechanical drawing • 724 76
.Modeling.. 939 84
I Cary ng 400 51
Sewing.. 639 87
Carpenter-shop and pattern-r00m.^.... 3,450 69
Bl;icksmllh-shOD 3,365 75
, Foun-lry .-.. 2.55S 78
i Machine-shop 7,000 00
| Cooking i 500 00
Unclassified — Office-fittings, steam
heallug plant, blackboards, engine
I and boilers, etc 7,688 51
Total •. $32,725 07
Men and women of to-day are morally
responsible for the men and women of the
future. The economists, the scientists,
the philosophers admit this as well as the
churches. And that this truth is realized
is shown abundantly orKittle according to
with a rawhide. Three times this torture
was suspended to give him a chance to be
tray his companions, but he steadily and
firmly refused to make any disclosures,
and at last his tormentors, weary of their
brutal work, abandoned their efforts as
hopeless.
The entire number were taken to Chatta
nooga and there confined in a single room
but thirteen feet square in the negro jail.
Here they were kept about three weeks,
and their sufferings from lack of room and
air can be imagined, in addition to which j
they had barely enough food to keep them
from dying, while "an unlimited supply of
vermin prevented them from sleeping.
When liberated from this vile dungeon,
twelve of their number were taken to
Knoxville, Term., where seven of them
were tried before a court-martial charged
with being spies. Ttieir counsel contended
that the accused were in the performance
of a military duty recognized by the rules
of war, and that being dressed in citi
zens' clothing no more subjected them to
the charge and punishment of spies than
was the Confederate General Morgan when
he raided in similar dress to destroy the
Union lines of communication.
After tbe trial all were taken to Atlanta
the provisions the present generation in
this or that city is making for the future
generation. In this respect San Francisco
has no need to take a backward seat, save
from modesty. Her public schools rank
with the highest, and what is more, there
j are enough of them and they are con
tinually growing to meet the demands of
the growing population. And not
! least of these — perhaps, indeed, the great
est — is this new manual training school
that has just closed what may be called its
first working term.
There are many boys to whom the or
dinary course of study is irksome, but
i these same boys can hardly be kept away
from tinkering with a piece of machinery
or patterning some contrivance in wood.
i As a result they are only too anxious to at
tend a mechanical school, when they
would be "playing hookey" from ordinary
! studies. This fact was never made more
j apparent than when the manual training
in the belief that they would be held as
hostages, and later exchanged with" their
ten other comrades whom they found i
there, they having been laken direct from |
Chattanooga. On the 18th of June, 1862, |
however, their prison doors were opened j
and the death sentence of the seven tried i
at Knoxville was read to all. These were j
told to make a hasty farewell to their j
comrades. Not a moment's time for |
preparation was given, but tied together j
they were tumbled into a cart and carried j
to the scaffold where they met death like
heroes.
The remaining fourteen prisoners ap-
prehending a like fate attempted an escape
in October following, in which eight
evaded recapture. Six of these safely
reached the Union lines, two were never
heard of, and the other two were retaken
and sent to "Castle Thunder," Richmond,
where they were held until March, 1863,
and then exchanged.
The name of thtise heroes who met an
ignominious death upon the scaffold
should be known to every lover of the
Union. Sergeant Andrews, the recognized
leader, was condemned as a spy and
hanced at Atlanta, June 7, 1862. Privates
Martin Ross, W. H. Campbell, John Scott,
Xjwo hundred and Tjhirty^Six of San
Francisco's bright 2/oung !People
jCearning 7/seful Occupations*
school was established in connection with
the Washington University in St. Louis
about twelve years ago. It was found
within a very few weeKs that dozens of
boys were glad to work at mechanics who
previously would do nothing but play ball
or go fishing.
The experience is that boys and girls,
when given work to do with their bands,
as well as brains, quickly become inter
ested in it and need no prompting.
Perry G. Shadricke, G. D. Wilson, Samuel
Slavens and S. Robinson met a Hie fate
ten days after. Privates W. W. Brown,
William Knight, PZlihu Mason. John R.
Porter, William Bessinger, Robertßuffum,
Mark Wood and Alfred Wihon, all of the
Twenty-Rrst Ohio Volunteer Infantry;
William Pittinger, Second Ohio Volunteer
Infantry, and William H. Reddick, John
Wollam, D. A. Dorsey, M. J. Hawkins and
Jacob Parrott, all of the Thirty-third Ohio
Volunteer Infantry, escaped the felon's
doom, and subsequently all but two re
joined their regiments through escape or
were exchanged for rebel prisoners.
The daring courase, the Spartan forti
; tude, the fidelity to the trusts of conirad ■■-
ship, the unselfish patriotism and the su:-
I ferings of these martyrs should make their
I names and deeds lont; remembered by
those who are to-day enjoying the fruit of
theirs and their comrades' services in tl>e
! Union cause. Frank Elliott Myeks.
Carmelita — I wonder why Miss Prim never
wears bloomers?
j . Grace — She hasn't the breadth.
i Carmelita — I never thought her views were
narrow.
Grace— Well, she doesn't walk on her views,
. does she?— New York Press.
The students in attendance are:
FIRST YEAR CLASS.
Abrahamson, Budolph Akers, Stephen
Barnum, Frank Y. Biote, Fred
Bates, Walter D. Brace, Winfield E.
Beach, Chester Burns, John
Beiil, Kay C. Buscb, William H.
Bendel, Cornelia S.
Clark, Alfred ■ Copeland, William IT.
Curry, Charles E. "
Mnsraore. Luie H. Duperu, William A.
I Ed? r. Theodore Eichbaum. William &
Elliott. Robert N. . . .Elliott, Georce.F.
Kuan, Thomas P. Eoff, Jesse K.
Fisher, Sydney Flock, Charles F.
Folsom. Albert M. Foster, George L.
Gawthorne, Harry B. Gram, Robert S.
Henning, Clarence J. Henne. louls F.
Hooper, James E. Hubbard, John D.
Ingrim, Hoss C.
Jacobs, Alfred H. Jordan, Lewis 8.
Johnson, Ernest Jumper, Harry W. .
Johnson, Harry S.-
Knox, George R. Krohn, Theodore V.
Land en. Philip H. Locke, Franklin H.
Locke, John G. t -: •■' i
McAllister, Frank P. Mark wart, Arthur H.
McCabe, Alfred T. Matson, Walter J.
McCalluui, Harold H. Meininger, George 3.
.McCarthy, Richard H. Morrison, Sidney K.
McCoy, Charles P. Murdock, Charles P.
Marcus, Frank G. - Murdock, Hamilton
Nathan, Paul Norton, Charles F.
O'Brien, Walter D.
Parent, Xorris Philbrook, Carl A.
Pray, Robert R. - Pritchmrd, Charles P.
Ranclett. Charles A. ' Rosenthal, Harry
Rellly, Wlliani T. Rowell, Samuel E.
Richmond, Lester C. Rutledge, George B.
Ronald son, James A.
Schlueter, Robert E. Eobey, Arthur W.
Schmidlin. Martin A. Squire, Harry D.
Sellori, George C. Stove, Steams H.
[ Thompson, Frank E. Tupper, Walter Jr.
1 Trost, Carl Vellguth, Erwin W.
White, Josiah Jr. Wlndt, Albert
Wilson, Willard G. Wilson, Roy A.
Adams, Lottie M.
Baker. Ethel C. Booth, Ira M.
'Bendixen, Alma C D.
Chaquette, Edith ' Clancy, Eva
Davis, Lottie E. Dillon, Gertrude E.
Delahanty, Ray - Dinsmore, Carrie B.
Diehl, Lena E. M. Dabois, Blanche M.
Elliott, Daisy N. • '
Fink, Alice M. Foster, May C.
Ginet, Rosalie M. Grinnell, Edna M.
Gray, Fannie C.
Hares. Mary F. Hubbard, Mary C.
Henderson. Irene E. Hughes, Florence
Hutcbinaon, Isabella P.
Jenkins. Pauline C. Jones, Margaret
Jeffres. Viola V. Ingrim, Delia J.
Kern, Ross E. Kinsey, Kate
Lowenberg, Dolly E. McDowell, Ada 3.
Mabeney, Ella J. Marks, Minnie M.
Peters, Dora B. Richardson, Agnes E.
Schoelhorn, Antoinette Small. Alice V.
s-eott, Mary E. Sullivan. Mary F.
Sherwood, Edna M.
Thistleton, Mabel L. Tolchard, Bessie M.
Thompson, Aneta
Upham. Marie E. Vassar, Sara M.
Wakefield, Edna M. Winterbottom. Lizzie M.
Waller, May J. Wei lenberg, Lucille 8. .
Wiener, Adelaide M. : : ."y
SECOND TEAR CLASS.
Abeel, James M. Adams, FranK S.
Best, Clarence L. Brooks, Benjamin
Boa«. Charles S. Buescher, Arthur
Bottomley, Charles M. Buzzlnl, Martin Jr.
Boushey," William 5.
Case. William A Compton. William H.
i Castle, James B. • Crlm, William H. Jr.
Cantrell, George M. Curler, John £..
Clarke, Alfred H.
Daly, Irving H. Donohue. Eugene A.
Deane, Keith K. Drucker, Arthur E.
Dickie," Ren wick Z.
Farrell, Thomas J. Flack. James M. '
Ferijusson,. Robert T. - Forbes, Harold A.
Fields, Herbert B. _. . 
Gill, James S. | Goldsmith. Edmond *
Glllmore, Joseph B. Uruss, Francis J.
Glenuan, Albion H. i _._
Hacicley.RoyC. Hammond, William A.
Hennig, Joseph P. Isaacs, Frank
T. . An rharlesP Jordan. Edward B.
Jensen. Charles t■ . - - T T ripl , A dolDh
Jo^TaV^^ & SSSW^Xum W.
Levensaler, Jesenh 8. . Long. James E.
McDonald. Dewitt 1* Moore, Clare
BCcKee, Ernest L. M?, rr ay Timer L
Marcus. Henry . Murray, E.mer L
Ort. Edward G. U . ' . Overstreet, Louis T.
Orr. pdward P. Overs.reet Lou.s T.
" V. KalDha Plnkhara. John F.
PKUcr^v f'ercv L. Pullen. Lebbeus J.
l»oiiak. Berthold C. »
Rice Albert E. Roberts, Humphrey R.
Penn'ish. Louis R. Silver, Adolph P.
Scott, Ear! B.
"«murr, Charles R. Stevenson, Albert T.
Soule Edward F. • Stevenson James W.
Spreciit. Richard C. Stoll. Carl W.
Tns<>ell, Edward C. Tillman, Clarence K.
Taylor, Arthur Turner, Wallace F.
Thomson, , William H. .■ ■
Vantrlght. Frank Virtmann, Hermann
Warren, William T. . White, Robert D.
White, Maurice A. ' '.. Wise, Alexander
Young. Perl A. .... Zlnn, Otto Charles
Cousins. Edith • .
Del Valle, Rebecca . Duperu, Cornelia A.
Goennell, Leslie A.  . .'
Harrison. Agnes H. Hel.ie, Rose M. ; .
Helje, Daisy H. Howard, Elva
Kinsey, Martha Kohlberg, Edith F.
Klinck, Fredericka E.
Morrill, Rita A. ' Potter, Louise A.
Re». Florence T. . Rice, Mabel A.
Redlick, Fannie G.
Trigg, A. Wiener, Grace B,The lucky stone for June is agate.
This stone is a quartz formation and may be
easily cut or sawed.
It is used for making cups, rings, seals,
hnndles for knives, sword hilts and a great
variety of trinkets.
Moss agates p.re very beautiful and seem to
contain petrifactions of real vegetable form.
Excy.
Flower for June.— Wild rose; its senti
ment, Simplicity. Some writers state
that the name June was given to this
month in honor of the goddess Juno.
Others that it was derived from the name
Junius or Junius Brutus. It originally
denoted the month in wnich crops grew to
ripeness.
We Know what it means to us, don't we?
Ah, yes! It means the happy month in
which comes the glad day when our books
are laic, aside, and we hie away to moun
tain or sea shore "to just have a jolly
time."
There, I've been wondering why so very
few answers to last Sunday's questions
have been sent in ! Of course, it's because
you're having your examinations and are
too tired out to try to solve puzzles. So 1
shan't give you very hard ones to-day and
shall expect a great many of you to suc
ceed in solvincr them.
)r\ Jone.
Roses by the garden wall,
Poppies red and lilies tall,
Bobolinks and robins— all
Tell that June is here.
Morniugs fragrant, clear and cool,
Dragon- flics by way side pool.
Children "tired to death" of school—
Tell that June is here.
Emma C. Dowd.
)\ WW <?Urr?
Yon must either serve or eovern,
Must be slave or must oe sovereign.
Must, In fine, be block or wedge,
Mutf be anvil or be sledge.
GOTTSE.
RITA'S ROGUE.
[Continued from last bunday.}
And strangely enough it was the thought
of the money which caused her to feel a
pharp pang of compunction. Was it quite
fair to take advantage of this poor man's
helpless condition to band him over to the
law and a long confinement, perhaps for
life? Rita's tender young heart ached at
the thought; perhaps if his surroundings
had been different this man might have
been a respectable member of society
instead of one of its outcasts, and as Rita
returned to her household tasks she
thought of him only as an unfortunate
fellow-being, whose sufferings she could
relieve. By the time her guest awoke she
had determined to say nothing to Ben
just then of the convict's identity.
Later in the afternoon the man became
very feverish and restless, complaining of
a great pain in his wounded knee and also
In his bead, and Rita did what she could
to relieve him, but she was glad when
about 9 o'clock he fell into a troubled sleep
and a few moments later she heard the
clatter of Ben's horse's feet. She ran to
meet him and told him hurriedly of the
events of the day, wondering whetner Ben
had seen the notice in the postoffice. for
her brother crew very pale while sbe was
speaking and his voice trembled as he
neld her in his arms and called her abrave
little woman. He shuddered as he thought
of her peril.
"And do you mean to say," he ex
claimed, "that the scoundrel is actually
asleep in my bed, and that you have been
here alone with him all day?"
"Hush, deaf!" said Rita, softly, as she
led him into the house; "you must re
member he is a poor, wretched, suffering
"Rita was crying softly and the kind old doctor laid his hand on her bowed
shoulder."
IN CHILDHOOD'S REALM.
man, and that it was I who wounded him.
Under the circumstances I could do no
less than I have done, and, although the
poor fellow says little, I believe him to be
sincerely grateful. Just think, Ben, dear,"
sbe whispered, burying her face in his
shoulder, "how terrible it would have been
if I had killed instead of only wounding
him. I should never have forgiven my
self, even though it was in self-detense.
But," she suddenly interrupted herself,
"you have not told me about your inter
view with Jenkins."
Ben shook his head lugubriously.
"There is very little to tell," he said,
sighing. "Jenkins has seen some land
farther north which he likes better than
mine, and he only stopped off here to tell
me so. So, I fear, little woman, that we
shall have to give up the idea of your
going to Paris, for the present at least, or
until I can raise $1000 in some way."
Of course Rita told him she was notyery
much disappointed, although her voice
trembled a little. And then she softly
stole into the chamber of the sick man,
and, as he was apparently sleeping, she
made Ben go to bed as quietly as possible,
promising to take some rest herself. But
all through the long night of wakefulneßs
and pain the wounded man was conscious
of a gentle presence ministering to his
wants with tender solicitude.
Early next morning, when Ben went in
to see his strange guest, he saw at once he
was very ill.
"Rita," he said, "I must go at once for a
doctor. That bullet must be taken out."
Bat the sick man raised himself on his
elbow, in apparent alarm.
"2<o, you don't," he said. "I don't want
no doctor foolin' around here."
"But," said Rita, who thought she un
derstood his alarm, "it is absolutely neces
sary that the bullet should be removed,
and you know I cannot do that." And he
raised no further objections, only mutter
ing, "If you say so, I suppose it's all
right."
Immediately after his breakfast Ben
started in search of the nearest physician,
a busy man and hard to find in that Coan
try of magnificent distances, so that it was
late in the afternoon before the two men
arrived.
Throughout the long day Rita kept her
faithful watch beside the couch of the
wounded man, grieved at the sight of suf
fering which she was so powerless to
relieve and filled with contrition at the
thought that she had herself caused it.
Once she was constrained to cry, "Oh, I
am so sorry ! Indeed I did not mean to
hurt you, but you should not have threat
ened me a 8 you did."
The sick man ceased groaning and
looked up at her as she stood beside him,
her face quivering with pity for his suf
fering.
'Now look a-here, little one," he said,
speaking with seme difficulty, "don't you
never say another word about that. You've
been an angel to me, and I believe you're
the first person that ha»n't treated me like
a dog since I can remember anything.
And I ain't a-going to forget your kind
ness to me, you can bet yer life on that."
He closed his eyes for a few moments, and
Rita thought he had fallen asleep and
was moving away when he called her.
"Look a-here," he said, taking hold of
her dress, "I've got something I want to
tell you, and inebbe it may belpyou some.
Last night I heard you and your brother
talking, and as far as I could make out
you want some money for something,"
He paused a moment and asked Rita for
some water. Then he went on speaking,
this time in a hoarse whisper.
"See here," he said, "I know where you
can get a thousand dollars," and as Rita
instinctively drew back he added quickly,
"Oh, it's all square and honest enough.
You needn't be afraid of that."
He paused and drank some more water.
THE SAN If BAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
"/ty^^lStafltano*
and then he whispered so low that Rita
had to put her ear quite close to his mouth
to catch his words:
"There's a reward out for me and my
chum, and you can claim it for handing
us over, don't you see?"
"Never!" exclaimed Rita, emphatically.
"Never!"
But the sick man interrupted her eagerly.
"What's the difference?" he said. "As
soon as the doctor comes I mean to hand
myself over, anyway, and you might a3
well do it as me and get the reward. You
see, this last tramp across the prairie has
knocked all the spirit out of me, and my
chum, too, and we made up our minds
while we were hiding there in the grass
yesterday and waiting for your brother to
clear out, that if we didn't get what we
wanted here we would go on to the nearest
town and give ourselves up, and we agreed
if one was caught the other one would go
along too. I have only to whistle and
he'll come fast enough, for he's almost
dead from walking and starving."
Just then there was the sound of horses'
feet.
"There comes Ben with the doctor," said
Rita. "But before they come I want to
tell you something. I knew who you were
before you told me. I saw your picture
yesterday in the postoffice.
She had not time to observe the effect of
her announcement on the convict, for Ben
and the doctor were entering the room,
and for several hours Rita could think of
nothing but the pressing needs of each
moment as she assisted the physician in
the tedious and painful operation of prob
ing the wound. When this was accom
plished and the bullet had been success
fully removed the patient was so restless
and feverish that Rita again took her
place by the bedside, in spite of the doc
tor's assurance that she needed rest. She
only said : "I shot him, and I shall take
care of him while he is here."
For days the sick man was too ill to be
removed without endangering his life, and
I whither could they send him? Rita puz
i zled on this a good deal, and she had also
| on her conscience the other convict whom
she knew to be hiding somewhere in the
i neighborhood. But at last tier patient set
i tied the matter in his own way.
One morning the good old doctor came
out of the sickroom looking very grave.
; He found Rita alone.
"I think," he said, "that our patient
could be removed within a day or two with
' out risk, and I have been asking where he
wishes to be sent." He paused a moment
and then continued, looking keenly at
Rita, who had dropped her eyes, "His an
swer was a strange one, Miss Rita. He
said, 'Ask Miss Allison, she knows who I
j am and where I ought to go.' "
There was a painful silence which Rita
knew that she must be the first to break,
but somehow the words seemed to choke
her.
"I understand your silence," said the
physician at last, "and I believe that I re
spect ana like you the better for it. You
need not speak, for I suspected from the
very first the identity of your guest, so
you see you are not betraying the poor
fellow. And besides," he added pityingly,
"he is anxious to return to jail."
Rita was crying softly and theTcind old
doctor laid his hand on her bowed head.
"'I was a stranger and ye took me in,
naked and ye clothed me, sick and in
prison and ye visited me,' " he raid, sol
emnly. " 'Truly, I say unto you, inas
much as ye have done it unto one of the
least of these my brethren, ye have done
it unto me.' "
Months lat°r, when Rita Allison was
painting pictures, in Paris, there would
sometimes steal across her canvas another
picture, duller in tone than the one upon
which she was at work — a picture of a
gray-ti&ired man in a prison uniform, who
limped as he walked, breaking stone in a
gray quarry under a leaden sky.
THE DONALD SERIES
FOR
TINY BOYS.
Donald's mamma was lying on the
lounge. Donald was beside her and I was
at his feet just about to take my noonday
nap.
Donald's mamma had promised to read
to my little master. I was glad, because I
knew the music of her voice would lull me
to sleep yety soon, so I settled my tiny
black nose down between ray paws very
comfortably and was just about to enter
slumberiand when I caught the name of
"Rags." I started, closed my eyes and
was once more almost asleep when I heard
it again; then again. Of course Donald's
mamma must be talking to me, I thought.
So I sat up straight and said, "Bow, bow
wow." My goodness! how I felt! Neither
Donald nor his mamma paid the least bit
of attention to me. Ob, no; the reading
continued just the same.
After 1 had recovered from the effects of
being thus snubbed, and as I was by this
time very wide awake, I thought I'd listen
to the story. I soon learned that the name
"Rags" wLich I had heard belonged to
some other dog, and that Donald's mamma
was readme a story about bint. Oh, it
was such a sad story that it made Donald
creep down close beside bis mamma and
nestle his head against her loving
heart, while the hot tears of sympathy
ran down his dear little cheeks, and her
voice was so choky-up that she could
scarcely finish the story. Why, would you
believethat it even made me cry?
U was about a poor dog named "Rags,"
whose master had died, leaving him a
"Nobody's Dog."
But of course you all read it, or had it
read to you, for it was published in "Child
hood's Realm" of The Sunday Call, so I
need not repeat it here.
Do you know I have been a "Nobody's
dog" for 'most two weeks?
Would you liice to know why?
Well, the very next day after Donald's
mamma had read that story Donald came
out in the yard and said to me: "Dear
doggie, I'm going away for one week.
Please be good, and do not run out on the
street if the butcher's boy leaves the gate
open. Doggie dear, don't you know I love
you, and 'twould break my heart if any
thing should happen to you while I'm
away? Dear, funny, ugly little Rags,
please, please be good, and stay at borne"
I licked his face and wagged my tail,
then — he had gonel
Oh, dear, how lone the time has seemed!
tf o one to frolic with — no one to take tie
for a walk or run! Just stay in this old
back yard from morning till night!
Of course I've had lots to eat and drink,
and Donald's mamma, many times a day,
says "Poor Rags"; but what good does
that do?
How 1 wish he'd come backl
Why, don't you know I howl and roar
and scratch at tlie door, but do not receive
the least attention. I just have to hang
my tail between my legs and sneak off to
my bed like a really truly "nobody's dog."'
Listen! What's that I hear? Donald's
j mamma saying. "I've a letter from my
boy, my sunshine, my joy!"
(That's true; he is the sunshine of this
house. Even the bird has not sung a note
since he's been away.)
"He writes:
"Dear Mamma— l don't want to come
home Saturday. I'm sorry to miss saying
good-by to my Sunday-school teacher. I
hope she'll have a fine time in the East.
I'm jiavin' lots of jolly fun. Please let me
stay 'nother week at grandma's. "Your
loving kid, Donald."
Did you ever? Stay away from me an
other week! While here lam at home, a
mere shadow of my former self. This set
! ties it. I am, without doubt, "Raps," an
j other "nobody's dog." M. W. R.
Please draw a picture of Donald bidding
his dog good-by. Please draw Donald's
face true to life. "Rags" i 3 a small dog;
a mixture of sky-terrier, black and tan
and rat-terrier.
A Spring Opening
and
Consequent Drop in Furl
Aot°l<'<>sVarV°JaGat.
■9 Alice Claire McDermott.
As you have never seen nor heard about
us 1 will "break the ice" by telling where
we live and all about ourselves.
We were born in a box, on a shed, in the
rear of a large* nonse. Our mother is «
large black and white cat. I have one
brother Tom and sister Eva and my name
is Genevieve.
One Saturday morning two little girls,
who live in the house, came over and
found us. and they now claim to be our
mistresses, which, I suppose, they are.
They found one of my brothers dead and
they buried nini.
Well, now, I suppose you would like to
hear of my brother's mishap.
These little girls took Tom and Eva and
I out in the sun. Wr. Tom and I were
very curious, and we walked to the edge of
the shed and peeked down, but Miss Alice
caught me, and as she went to catch Tom
he fell over. My sisier Eva was with Miss
Genevi«>ve, but Alice put Eva and 1 right
to bed and they went looking for Brother
Tom, but returned without him. Poor
Eva and I felt very lonesome without him.
The next day Miss Genevieve found Tcm
and he was not injured in the least, with
the exception that one of his eyes was
sore. Tom and I are living there yet, but
Eva was given to one of the neighbors.
All a Matter of Taste.
A certain African King who came to
this country was one day, soon after his
arrival, inTited to a garden party. His
host thought that he would give him
something to eat unlike anything which
he had ever tasted before, so he bought
him a strawberry ice.
"Isn't that good?" he asked the black
man.
"Yes, it am berry nice," was the reply,
"but did white man ever eat ants?"
The favorite food in his country con
sisted of white ants pounded up into a
jelly and baked, and the strawberry ice
was so very good that it reminded him of
this delicacy.— Chatter Box.
Got the Coin First.
Tramp— Remember, boss, 1 was once just like
you.
Alfty (giving him a dollar)— How did you get
so different ?
Tramp— Oh, I was too proud to live on my
father.— Truth.
L<"ttW 6U PeAAlcy
Listen, children, and r will tell
Of the little old man who baa dreams to sell.
This little old peddler is bent and brown:
His chin turns up and his nose turns down;
You would think him first cousin to Santa Claus
If ever you looked in his face, because
He has the very same twinkling eye.
Bat never a child of all that buy
His dreams has seen him, for when he knocks,
No matter what the time by the clocks,
The lids of the children's eyes shut down,
And shut they must stay till he's out of town.
He comes when the stars begin to shine,
Calling on t! "I have dreams In this pack of mine.
Here's a dream of sugar plums— lsn't it sweet?
And caramels, fit for the king to eat!
Here's one of a dolly that laughs and cries,
And a puppy that barks ana ro'ls Its eyes,
Here's a dream of a drum and one of a tree
That bears apples and raisins and nuts! And see-
Here's one that you'll like, of dear little 80-Peep,
And the boy In the haystack f»st asleep!"
Listen my dearies! I think I hear
His step on the threshold. Isn't it queer
That grown-up people can see right well
This little old peddier with dreams to sell,
While the children cannot. Your eyelids fall—
J hear his step coming down the hall!
And opens his pack in the drowsy gloom.
Your eyes shut fast— and he's here In the room,
Chooie your dreams, my dearies, and give to m<;,
For #ach dream that's chosen, a kiss as fee,
And I'll pay, in a way that suits him well.
This little old man who has dreams to sail.
Kben E. Beifoed.
THE LETTER BOX
Sebastopol, Cal., May 31, 1896.
Dear Editor Call: As I have never seen any
letters from oebastopol and I have never writ
ten any I thought I would write to you. My
Aunt Eliza has been taking The Call ever
since she has lived here. I enjoy reading the
"Child's Realm" very much, aud I think it is
very good of you to print it. Before I lived
here I lived in Eureka, Humboldt County.
My mother has a millinery-store Here. We
have been having very hot days here which
will make the cherries sweet.
There is a beautiful grove close to Sebastopol
where we have picnics. It is the Morris Grove,
and whoever don't go there misses lots of
beauty. There are so many pretty trees around
Sebastopol.
My Aunt Eliza has a very nice flower and
vegetable garden and I have one of my own.
Please excuse mistakes. Well, I will close.
Your new friend, Aba Bbttegge, age 11.
San Francisco.
Dear Editor: I like the children's page very
much. I enjoy reading the stories, puzzles
and letters. I think they are all very nice. I
don't like this weather at all. This vacation,
if nothing happens, we are going to Napa. We
are going to stay on a fruit farm. I hope you
will fto to the country too, and have a nice
time. lam 9 years old, and I am in the first
line on the roll of honor, in the third grade.
I attend the Golden Gate School, and my
teacher's name is Miss Provost. This is my
first letter, so I hope it will De published In
The Call next Sunday. Good-by. Your little
friend, Inez Edith Underwood.
Altavtlle, May 27, 1896.
Dear Editor of the Call: I will write to you
again. Our school is out. We bad a picnic.
We had a good time. In the evening we had
a dance. We had a good time dancing. At 11
o'clock one of our mother's houses burned
down. All of the men and women were
frightened, and I was frightened. My sister
went to the mountains with a lady friend of
ours, and I am lonely. One of my little school
mates is going to write to you.
Mrs. Editor, my kittens have got so they
play. I have lots of fun with them. I let them
out on the porch. I can think of no more, so I
shall close my letter now, hoping to see it in
The Sunday Call. From your Jriend,
Lottie Condo.
Warm Springs, May 27, 1896.
Dear Editor: We take The Call. My sister
reads me the children's page every Sunday,
and we think it is fine. lam a little boy 9
years old. I have three pigeons, one rabbit,
one sheep and a dog. His name Is Snip. I live
in Warm Springs, near Milpitas. I saw a
steam carriage go by our ranch. Good-by.
Fkank DunnVai.pey.
Simmlee, May 23, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little boy 8 years old.
My papa takes The Call. I live on the Ca
rissa Plains, San Luis Obispo County, it is
very pretty here in the spring with all the
wild flowers, for there are so many different
kinds. There ar6 lots of cattle on the plains
and not many houses. I have two sisters.
Ethel is 6 years old and Adaie is 3. As this is
my first letter I should like to see it printed.
George Mathew.
Haywards, Crl., May 28, 1896.
Dear Editor: We take The Call. I like to
read the children's letters, and thought I'd
write you one. i am 8 years old. I ro to
school and am in tne second grade. I have to
walk one mile, and found it pretty hot this
week. We find ripe blackberries on our way
home. If you print this I'll write more next
time. Kuel Kansen.
- South Sajt Francisco, May 24, 1896.
Dear Editor: 1 am a little girl 11 years old.
My papa takes The Call every Sunday morn
ing, and I am very glad that he takes it, be
cause I enjoy reading the "Childhood's
Realm."
I go to the South San Francisco school. I
am in the fourth grade, and my teacher's name
is Miss Morrison. This is my first letter to
The Call.
I have never tried any of the puzzles before,
but I think I shall try them soon.
Josie Desmond.
Seattle, Wash., May 28, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call. We
like it very much. We get it every day. I
have been reading the letters of the other chil
dren. I thought I would write too. I am
going t© school. lam In the third grade; I ex
pect to be promoted to the fourth grade. Our
school will close in nbout a week. I have one
kitten ; I call it Nellie. My mamma has seven
teen canary birds and one parrot. We have a
little dog, too; we call him Cricket because he
is so small. I read the story in The Call
about the boy taking his hoe and pail to dig
clams and then sat on his pail and couldn't
find It. I think that was a very good story,
only I think he better not sit on his pail next
time. I hope you will find room on the page
for my letter this week. I shall look for it
every day. Your little friend.
Earl Stambaugh. age 8 years.
Sebastopol, May^l.
Dear Editor: I have been thinking for some
time that I would like to be one of your little
letter-writers. I am 9 years old. I go to
school every day and like my teacher very
much. Sometimes I think I'd rather stay at
home and play with my dollies and other
toys. I have two doggies to play with. One I
hitch to my little wagon for a horse and the
other rides on the seat with me. The dogs'
names are Jack and Tit.
Last night our old cat caught four of my
pigeons, so I want my papa to set a trap for
her to-night, but he says we would then have
four dead pigeons and one dead cat. But I "
don't care. A cat that will catch pigeons de
serves to be caught too.
Our fruit is beginning to get ripe. I am so
glad, for I have been longing for. some nice I
ripe fruit.
Now, please, dear Editor, do not throw my J
letter into the waste basket. I do wish so
much to have it printed, and next time I'll
try to do better. Good-by. From.
VOLA MOEAN.
NICASIO, May 21, 189 G.
Dear Editor: As I was fortunate enough to
have my first letter to The Call printed I
thought I would write again and tell of some
of our pets. We have three colts named
Janet, Gertie and Charlie, a pet deer called
Vcva, two kittens and a shepherd dog named I
Topsy. - The colts will eat bread and apples out |
of my hand and follow me all over the yard. |
The deer we keep tied, as we have not had it
very long. The kittens are like all others,
very playful. I think 1 like Topsy the
best. She will drive home the cows, speak
when we tell her and she calls me
every morning so I won't be late tor
school. I go to the Nicasio School. My
teacher's name is Mrs. Jacobs, and all the ]
children like her very much. I am in the ;
fourth grade, and expect to be promoted in I
July.
I do enjoy reading Childhood's Realm. I
wish it came every day. as I find it hard to
wait for Sunday. Your little friend,
r.£ ; -%v "';. Charlie B. McNeill, 9. years old.
.LULLABY SONG.
Bylow, bylow, my pretty wand'rer,
Tired and sleepy, with eyes drooping low,
Comes from the Melds strewn with daisies and
clover,
OS Into dreamland, go, oh, go.
Hushaby, lullaby, with small hands folded.
Gently sh«» murmurs her evening song—
Lo! She has covered her starry blue peepers,
Off into dreamland, gone, oh, gone.
Bylow, bylow, hovering o'er her,
Beautiful angels their loving watch keep, -
Spreading around her the garments of puritfi
And in far dreamland, sleep, oh, sleep.
BEFBAIK.
Oh, sleep, sleep,
Sleep, sleep,
Sleep, sleep.
My baby, sleep.
, Mak Frank Kuff.
You Bet, Cal.. May 24, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call.
My father takes. The Call and I read the
'■Childhood's Realm" every week.
I am 12 years of age. I go to school here,
and my teacher's name is Mr. J. T. Hennessy.
I have two sisters and two brothers. My
cousin also lives here; she has been here three
years. Our school closes on the 29th of this
month.
Well, I shall close hoping this will be pub
lished in next Sunday's Call. Yours truly,
•'.-'■ ' Dora Goodinq.
Not the True Gold.
Teßcher— Have you learned the Golden Rule,
Tommy?
Tommy— Ye9'm. It is to do to other people
like they would do you.
. It's Hard Work.
"Louise, where does the intellectual exercise
come in playing whist?".
"Oh, in getting other people to pay attention
to the game."— Chicago Record.
What Family Group Is This? Can My Young Readers Tell?
TIIE YOUNG THIEF.
A Captive Mocking-Bird.
There conies from Louisiana this pa
thetic story of a captive mocking-bird. It
had been taken from a tree when a nest
ling and kept caged all winter. One day
early in spring the bird's cage was put out
on the porch, and pretty soon '.wo full
grown mocking-birds came chirping and
chattering, evidently holding conversa
tion of an exciting kind. For two days
this was repeated, and on the third the
young bird was found dead in the cage.
On the floor were some poisonous. berries,
evidently brought by the old birds, and
the supposition is that they poisoned the
captive because they could not make him
free.
PUZZLES
Correct answer to questions and puzales of
May 31 :
1. Turkey.
IT. Cologne.
111. In their legs.
IV. N.— North.
E.— E»st.
W.— West.
S.— South.
News.
V. (a.) Ear.
(6.) Xest.
Earnest.
VI. A friend in need is a friend indeed.
VII. Because his tale (tail) comes out of nil
head.
Corrected answers to all or a majority of
puzzles for May 24, received from Her
man Borchers, Lucy Moeller and Gussie
Wheeler.
For May 31, from John Morrison and Zae
Hall.
Questions and Puzzles for Jane 7.
I. When was the American flag adopted?
11. What important event took place on June
15, 1215, in England.
111. When did the Battle of Bunker Hill
occur? • ••
IV. When. was the "gift of corn" made?
V. lam always seen in April. .Change my
first tWo letters and I am April's gift to May.
Change again my first two letters to one letter,
and I am found among the leaves of June?
[Selected.]
VI. I pull yonr carriage everywhere,
The stars and stripes I proudly bear.
Due north am 1, and yet I dwell
In one of Europe's lands as well?
[Selected.]
VII. Take an adjective of three letters mean
ing "a"; prefix a letter and have a "sound";
prefix another letter and have a "hard mass" ;
prefix a word meaning happy, and have the
name of an English statesman.
Con. by Lucy Moeller.
VIII. Why is death like a tmcan tied to a
dog's tail? Con. by Zae Hall.
2930
THE SAN FRANCISCO
If the Daly season had lasted two weeks
instead of three it might have been written
down a bright and shining success. For
the first two weeks the houses were big,
and the company was on its mettle, but
last weefc the cheaper rate? of the P'rawley
company drew away many of the Daly
disciples, and seeing the audiences grow
smaller by degrees, and beautifully less,
was evidently depressing to the perform
ers. It is true that "Twelfth Night" was
excellently acted on Monday, but as the
week progressed the troupe grew jaded
and careless, and "The Great Double
Bill" was an exhibition of how slovenly
good actors can be when they are not
tuned up to concert pitch. With the ex
ception of Clarke, the members of "The
Belle's Stratagem" caste had fortrotten
their lines, and needed the efforts of the
prompter as badly as those cock-sure
amateurs who trust to remembering it all
on the night Even the great Ada Rehan
had neglected the little detail of refresh
ing her tired memory, and after flounder
ing through part of one of her opening
speeches she gave it up as a bad job, and
began all over again.
All this was to be regretted, because a
company that has the name, and asks the
prices of the Daly troupe, cannot afford to
be slovenly, under any circumstances.
Considered as a whole, however, the season
just passed was a success. The best vale
dictory we can give Mr. Daly is that he
will find some stronger plays than those
wishy-washy adaptations from the German
— "Gucki." and "The Last Word"— and
that fortified with them, he will speedily
return to us.
It is too soon to judge the strength of
the new Frawley troupe, for "The Two
Escutcheons" brought forward only a few
sample members of the big troupe which
Daniel Frawley seems to have behind him.
Apparently Frawley is aiming more at
satisfactory all-round performances than
at astronomical displays of large stars, sur
rounded by small satellites. . The star
system has ruined opera in this country,
and is threatening to ruin the drama, so
that Frawley is to be congratulated on
having none of it.
The Eastern papers are getting up sen
sational articles headed "Theatrical Dis
asters." "Breakers Anead for Manacers."
etc. According to these organs, ruin
stares the theaters in the face, and it is
only a question of a short time before half
the big theatrical managements in New
Vo>-k go down, as Abbey, Schoeffel &
Grau have gone down. "It is folly," says
the New York Herald, "to pretend not to
tee what is clearly apparent to every man
ager in the country, what is known to
every actor and stage hand in the pro
fession — that the theaters have been losing
money right and left, and that unless there
is a determination amone the managers to
look the trouble squarely in the face, find
the cause and effect the cure, the season
of 18yt>-97 will be more disastrous still, the
failure of Abbey, Schoeffel & Grau will be
duplicated in other high quarters and
managers and actors will face widespread
disaster."
The Herald ha? interviewed a number of
mauagers to discover, if possible, the cause
of ihe trouble. The replies given are many
and various. A. M. Palmer blames hard
times; William Lederer lays the fault at
the door of the cheap theater; T. Henry
French says dear theaters have made the
mischief, and William Harris of the Gar
rick Theater considers the bicycle the root
of the whole trouble. He is not alone in
this opinion, for a number of other man
agers consider the insidious wheel the
worst enemy they have to contend with.
Augustus Pitou, however, pretty nearly
hits the nail on the head when he says:
"My opinion is that a good deal that has
not been up to the proper standard has
been offered to the public, and the public
would not have it at any price."
Columbia Theater.
The Frawley Company will give the
first San Francisco performance to-mor
row night of "Brother John," a comedy
drama written for William H. Crane by
Mi-s Martha Morton, the lady wljo won
the New York Herald's prize for her play
"The Merchant."
"Brother John" is said to have been
suggested by some lines by Cotton, stating
that all true joys must spring from home,
and that the people who roam are but
foois. The rhyme is rather jingling, but
the sentiment i* all rieut, and around it
the autnoress has built a comedy drama
that was a success in New York.
The character who gives the title to the
play, Brother John, is an unsophisticated
Yankee, who manufactures nats at Bethel,
Conn. He is wealthy, and his family,
wearying of rural existence, persuade him
to let them take a cottage at Long Branch
and attempt to make a splurge m fashion
able life. Brother John consents and the
ladies are sent to the seaside under the
care of his young brother, Bobby. The
contretemps that befall them there form
the basis of the play. The following is the
cast:
John Ilacket Macklyn Arbuckie
Manufacturer of the celebrated Hactcet iiats
Bobby Hacket William Maltland
His brother.
Harry de Rayter Daniel Frawley
A man of the world.
Edward Kid George W. Leslie
In love with Sophia.
Mr. Yon SpraKue William Enos
Captain Yon Spragut- Tyrone Power
Of ihe Old Guard.
Wolf Hopkins Hairy Carson Clarke
From the fnctory.
Beck Hacket Miss Phosa McAllister
John's sisier.
Bophla Racket Miss Blanche Bates
Hetty N. Hoi an Miss -Margaret Craven
Forewoman at tlio factory.
Maggleßolan Mis* Hope Ross
John's cashier and booxkeepi-r.
Mrs Yon Sprague Mrs. F. 31. Bates
Helen .Miss Lansing Rowan
Her daughter.
Marie Miss Gertrude Klliott
Baldwin Theater.
"In Mizzoura," in which Nat C. Good
win mates liis appearance at the Baldwin
on Monday nipht, is a picture of humble
Southern life drawn by Angustus Thomas,
the author of "Alabama." In New York
p.nd Chicago it enjoyed long runs.
As Jim Radburn, the Pike-County Sher
iff, Goodwin has to bear the burden of
most of the humorous as well as of the
pathetic scenes. The scenery is said to be
a fac-simile of the original which exists in
Pike County, Mo., and the management
pretends to have made every effort to
lifi tue local coloring from its surround
ings and place it on tne stage. One bit
of realism, the tiring of a disabled wheel,
is said to have proved very effective.
Tlie story of the play is as follows:
Goodwin, as Jim Radburn, thi Western
Sheriff, loves a backwoods girl, and pays
for her education. When slie comes home
she falls in iove with a flashy young man
from the city. The father of the girl and
the Sheriff are rival candidates for the
nomination for the State Senate. Because
the gir! upbraids him for opposing her
father, the self-sacrificing Sheriff drops out
of tne race. The city man, the Sheriff's
rival, turns out to be a train-robber. He
is arrested, Dut escapes through the aid of
the Sheriff, after he resigns his office, his
motive being to please the girl he loves,
even at the expense of his own feelings
and better judgment. The train-robber is
afterward shot, however. The girl learns
the truth, is deeply affected by the nobility
of the Sheriff, and there is a suggestion of
happiness to come when the curtain falls.
Daring his second week Mr. Goodwin
will be seen in "A Gilded Fool."
California Theater.
The members of the new stock company
for the California Theater are expected to
arrive in this city on Tuesday direct from
New York, where they have been rehears
ing at Hoyt's Theater. Among them will
be: Herbert Kelcey. J. T. Sullivan, Wil
liam Beach. L. R. StqckwelJ. Elfie Shan
non, Olive Oliver, Winona Shannon and
Lizzie Hudson Collier.
The season commences on the 15th inst.
and th« opening production will be "The
Home Secretary. " by R. C. Carton, the au
thor of "Liberty Hah" and "The Squire
of Dames." Kelcey, who acted the lead
ing role in "The Home Secretary" at the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
Lyceum Theater, was considered to have
found a thoroughly congenial part. The
play, however, calls for quite a number of
good exponents, and will therefore afford
an opportunity lor displaying the full
strength of the company.
Tivoli Opera-Houae.
Dellinger's romantic comic opera, "Lor
raine," will be produced at the Tivoli to
morrow night. It was first performed in
Vienna some years ago and made an im
mediate success. The mrtsic is tuneful
and rather martial in character, though
there are many numbers in which the
martial element eives place to a more ro
mantic and lyric sentiment.
The book is said to contain plenty of
sparkling lines and good situations which
hinj;e around the following plot: Lor
raine, a young French soldier of noble
ancestry has been reared by a farmer in
ignorance of his true position. He visits
the court of Louis XIV and there meets
with a number of comic and romantic ad
ventures, which include his impersonating
the King and falling in love with Mad
eline, a young lady who, with her uncle,
is visiting the court by royal command.
Miss Marie Millard, a young prima
donna who ha? made quite a hit in the
East, will make her first appearance in
this City as Madeline. The occasion will
also mark the reapDearance of Miss Louise
Koyce, John J. Raffael, W. H. West,
Ferris Hartman, Martin Pache. W. H.
Tooker, Fred Kavanagh, Anna Schnabel
and Irene Mull.
After "Lorraine." the summer spec
tacle, founded on Jules Verne's story, "A
Trip to the Moon," with specially pre
pared costumes, ballet, etc., will be pro
duced. This will be followed by a season
of grand opera.
Grand Opera-House.
"Brother Against Brother," Frank Har
vey's latest melodrama, is to be produced
at the Grand Opera-house to-nieht. It
has never before been seen on this coast.
The story is thrilling enough to delight
even the most inveterate lovers of melo
drama. It deals with a terrible revenge
which is practiced on one Anthony Rad
ford. By means of false certificates he is
persuaded to believe that his wife is dead,
and under thi3 false impression he mar
ries again. For some time he lives in
ignorance of the true state of things, then
vengeance falls, and he discovers his sec
ond wife to be no wife at all, her son is
illegitimate, and the nameless boy who
had become the manager of his works is
his real son and heir.
There are a number of other unravel
ings to the plot; the eldest son suffers in
silence, and refuses to rob his half-brother
of his name; the half-brother commits
numerous misdeeds, finally setting his
father's foundry on fire. In the end,
Jasper Crane, who has planned the re
venge, is horrified at the results of his
work, and saves old Radford from ruin.
"Brother Against Brother" will be acted
by the stock company, and will, as usual,
be carefully staged.
At the Orpheum.
The usual excellent bill has been pre
pared for the Orpheum this week. Some
of the most attractive of last week's per
formers are to be held over, and several
new stars will be added to the bill.
The great attraction of this week, how
ever, will be the first exhibition in this
City of Edison's vitascope. This appar
atus resembles the kinetoscope in some re
spects, but it throws the pictures life-size
on a screen.
Craven Benefit.
Migs Margaret Craven will be tendered
a testimonial benefit on Friday next, the
12th inst, at the New Auditorium. For
the occasion the young actress has selected
the play of "Frou-Frou," in which she
will assume the leading role. It is stated
that the supporting company will be a
capable one. A large number of school
teachers have already bought tickets for
Miss Craven's testimonial.
Macdonough Theater.
There is great interest in Oakland over
the appearance of Ada Rehan and the
Daly troupe at the Macdonough Theater
next Tuesday.
"Mls» Jerry. "
A novel form of entertainment will re
ceive its first production in this City at
Metropolitan Temple to-morrow. It is
entitled "Miss Jerry," and consists
of the reading or a play, accompanied
by a rapid succession of pictures
thrown on a screen to illustrate
the text. The pictures dissolve into one
another at the rate of three or four to the
minute, and as the figures have all been
photographed from life, and are life-size,
the effect is very realistic.
The performances of "Miss Jerry" will
take place to-morrow, Wednesday and
Thursday at Metropolitan Temple.
Miss Don M. Cann has been engaged by
Manager James H. Love to sing popular
ballads in the first production here of
"Miss Jerry. 1 ' This will be Miss Don's
farewell appearance, as she goes East to
accept an engagement
Dramatic Brevities.
Loie Fuller will start west in three or
four days with her entire company.
Martha Morton has written a new com
edy for Sol Smith Russell, which he is to
produce at the beginning of his next tour.
Oscar Hammerstein has engaged Camille
d'Aryille for his new opera which opens
the regular season at Olympia.
Joseph Grismer and Phoebe Davies will
be in the cast of "Humanity" when it
comes to the coast this season.
LadySholto Douglas continues a feature
at Tony Pastor's.
Carrie Roma closes her engagement at
the Tivoli to-night and leaves for New
York to-morrow.
Raymond Roze, a son of Mme. Marie
Roze, composed the music for Beerbohm
Tree's recent revival of "King Henry IV."
Charles W. Swain, comedian of Moros
co's Grand Opera-house, closes his second
year at that house to-night. He intends
to remain in the City.
Joseph Bennett tells of a recent per
formance of "Julius Caesar" in which the
song sung by the boy, Micius, in Brutus'
tent was "The Heart Bowed Down," from
the "Bohemian GirL" Nobody laughed.
The next steamer to Australia will take
Nat C. Goodwin and his company to the
land of the kangaroo. Mr. Goodwin will
open his season there with "A Gilded
Fool."
John Drew follows Nat Goodwin at the
Baldwin. He will present R. C. Carton's
success, "The Squire of Dames," and other
plays during his engagement of one week
only.
One of the first productions Sir Henry
Irving will make next autumn is "Cymbe
line," which he intends to brine out at the
Lyceum Theater in London on September
19. He will play lachimo.
New York is to have still another roof
garden at the Grand Central Palace. It
will be opened to the public for the first
time on June 23 under the direction of L.
R. Mostaniz.
Mrs. Arthur Bourchier, known to play
goers as Miss Violet Van burg, a member
of Mr. and Mrs. Kendal's company during
their first American engagement, will ac
company her husband to this country
and play the title role in "The Chili
Widow. 1 *
As an instance of the demand for Edi
son's vitascope, it may be mentioned that
on Wednesday of the past wees one of the
Edison agents sailed for Europe, bearing
with him three machines destined for
Turkey. The Sultan of Turkey himself
will be at the inaugural performance of
the vitascope.
A novelty in stage mechanism is going
to be introduced in anew play which Scott
Marble has just finished for Davis and
Keogh. It is to be a "dissolving scene" on
the ?ame principle as Kellar's dissolving
woman. An entire scene will dissolve in
full view of the audience and without
darkening the lights and be replaced in
stantly by another entirely different scene.
I.omaitre'* Vanity.
Frederick Lemaitre, the well-known
actor, was afflicted with an abnormal ten
dency to pride and self-esteem, even fora
man of bis profession. His despotic bear
ing toward the employes at the theaters
often led to an exchange of angry words.
At the fiftieth performance of a play be
would expect the musicians to exhibit the
same eagerness to hear him as on the first
night. He expressly forbade them to read
their papers in the orchestra during the
intervals of playing, as had been their
custom from time immemorial. Fred
erick pretended t:iat the practice "inter
fered with his play."
Now, the leading clarionet at one of the
houses obstinately refused to submit to a
prohibition which he considered no actor
had the right to enforce, and went on
reading as usual. Frederick protested,
swore, raved and asked the name of the
recalcitrant clarionet-player. Just at that
moment the musician passed through the
greenroom.
"Is that you," cried Frederick, in angry
tones, "who has had the audacity to read
in the orchestra during my great love
scene?"
"I?" said the clarionet. "What a foul
slander! You have been misinformed, M.
Frederick — I was asleep!"
Pen Recommendations.
The Victim— But they say fountain pens are
not to be depended upon.
The Canvasser— Absurd, my dear sir! We
have testimonials from the two champions of
the world ana from fourteen other prominent
pugilists.—
■ — • — *■ — ♦
Kalamazoo, Mich.. is famous for celery. See
Thomas Slater's advertisement on page 32.
• — * — ♦ . . • .
In Persia a nobleman's wealth is judged
from the number of his slaves. „ .
NEW TO-DAT.
An
Attractive
Jl\ LLI Civ LI V W - '
Combination
to an intending
. assurer : — The
strongest Company —
The largest surplus —
The best policy.— See
the new Guaranteed
-Cash Value Policy of
THK KQUITABLE
LIFE ABBUIUKCB SOCIETY,
ISO Broad wat,
K.T.
.
■_'''..'■". "'.v!;-'"'!''. '-'.y^.7 ■''■.:-''.'"■'■''■ ■'■'■ .''■]':. y-'C: -.','.' : :V : ~''''.^'.'. ■
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE:
Crocker Building, Market, Montgomery
and Post Streets. '
NEW TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS. :
"MISS JERRY."
Alexander Black's Picture Play, « .;.
. METROPOLITAN TKJIPLE
Monday, Wednesday - and Thursday Evenings,
June 8, 10 and 11.
MISS DON M. CANN, VOCALIST.
PRICES-25C, sOc and 75c. ,
Reserved seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Monday night, specially "■ reauced « prices ■ for
pudlls of public schools.
SEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS. _^_^_-^^^- L _- ,^^
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
1^ at the | I TWO WEEKS— BEGINNING 1 1 l II T Q
BALDWIN To-morrow (Monday) Sight, JUNt-0
THE DISTINGUISHED COMEDIAN.
NAT. C. GOODWIN,
And His Superb Company, in an Elaborate Production of
"EN" MIZZOURA"
By AUGUSTUS THOMAS, Esq., Author of "Alabama."
A COMEDY-DRAMA MASTERPIECE ! BRIGHT! BREEZY! BRILLIANT!
Regular Prio°s — 2 5c to $1,50,
ti MONDAY, JUNE 15 Second Week NAT. C. GOODWIN,
A. GILDED FOOL," Eto.
I p. at THE I ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY!
I W4LIrORMIA.^ Commencing Monday Evening, June 15,
SFEOIAXj SP»BOIA1j
SXJ3VEIVtJ3H. AT JSTJnVtJVtUn.
SEASON prioes:
A GOOD RESERVED SEAT ON THE LOWER FLOOR FOR 50c.
SUPERB DRAMATIC STOCK COMPANY
INCLUDING
MR. HERBERT KELCEY, MISS EFFIE SHANNON,
MR. WILLIAM BEACH, MISS LIZZIE HUDSON COLLIER,
MR JOHN T. SULLIVAN, MISS WINONA SHANNON.
MR. L. R. STOCKWELL, MISS OLIVE OLIVER, .■."' ~'\
ETC., ETC., ETC. ETC., ETC., ETC.
Under the Direction Of L. R. STOCKWELL.
Opening Play, Monday, Jane 15— Exquisite Production of the Great
New York Lyceum Theater Success,
"THE HOME SECRETARY"
To Be Followed by "THE IDLER," "A BUNCH OF VIOLETS," "THE GREY MARE."
NOTE ENTIRE f— j~\ mi—
l6w.£ oOc AND 75c
PRICES NOTHING HIGHER. '+*'*** ■ V^ V^
Balcony, sOc and 35c; Gallery, Reserved, 35c, Admission 15c.
Mntinocs 25c and SOo. 3XTo Higlior.
JW Seats for the First Week Ready at the BQX-oflta> TH AY, June 11.
SAN FRAMCO, V^^S^^VVRMV LOS ANGELES,
Established 1886. N^JF VyVMr^V^| Established 1894.
O'Farrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
GUSTAV WALTER, Director General.
wools. Commencing monday, (Time 8,
. A GRAND SEW BILL OF NOVELTIES ! [
S THE VITASCOPE i
— — Mu^-.i aju—mju, j— ■_■■ i-mijMiiiii _._— J^,._
w The Sensation of the Nineteenth Century!
\j\ Which We Are the First to Introduce in San Francisco. m^
\. It Is a Wonderful Development of Instantaneous Piiotography by Means of a Powerful ._
Electric-Machine, JToducing Every Motion of Keal Life with Marvelous Fidelity.
'' **•••••*•••••••*•••••* *•••••••**•••••••••••♦ J
r . * FRAULEIN J J THE CELEBRATED >*^
C I ALMA HERZOG, 1 I ™«^^ I S
t The Celebrated Wnicnerlan Prlma * { VIRTUOSI, * /-\
f^^ J Donna Soprano Asso'nta. Direct 1 J H*M IIIIIWWUI !j [^
; .£. from Dresden, Germany. J. T From Antigua, Guatemala. j^ V ■«/
r - ********************** ********************** /^\
•••••• ********** ******
hr* TWEiWY-FOUB | niVPSj and P()ST * ITRm^DR *r1
£* HIGH-GRADE !"„„„ „ ,J,,* high-grade m
r"^ 1RTI«T« I I Triumphant Tonr In Europe J II»TIWI\1 *" *
l^ AhllSlN! J and the East. * ARIIMS ! ' ■
**********************
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JUNE 7.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any sent. 10c: Children, 10c, any part.
jfe'^»«slsp|iL rniCDLAfIDtR.C-OTTLOr> ft c?- Us?riAnonArwo:R4---
X^fisl >ffifli^i^SE The I ' ast Performance To-nieht of
/ I^^ wMP^jH ' — "THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS," •
£±~ v ■BrTjr^Ljj^W By the Acme of All Dramatic Organizations,
m iSm THE FRAWLEY COMPANY!
fSfw 1 ' [jy^^^Sr San Francisco's own "Home Company."
C[^^^^^^--^ Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING, for ono
ji^^/|L "BROTHER JOHN." ■
Wm. H. Crane's Greatest Comedy Success.
j j44&W%£y^£j£tt&%?w-//?>^ Better than "The Sena. or." Complete new Scen-
_j^tßKMmjfiMKf^^^///y j <L s^ el and Ac essories. A sp'eiMid t ast,
•flfflMmllf'Hn^ A Our Popular Prices: Niftht-Orchestra.f 1; Dress
I lliiMrTM nv§M%?%B9*Ctm&yS • Circle, first four rows . $1; J toss Circle, six lust
I jffflllif I / /^^j\7<?, ' s%yyCt rows, 75c: Balcony, first, seven rows. 50c; Hal-
'lWTll / / £%%4%% / Jz%%}%C<yC* cony, seven las- rows. 25c; Gallery, '25c; Box
v 1 111/ ill/ / o%f!c%y^f%2Zz2s2rS '. and Loge Seats. $1. Matinee— orchestra, 75c:
1 /7//// I / Mwyy^&4ZzZs?s>42!&^ • Dress Circle, first four rows, 75c ; Dress Circle, six
l/|///r I &%Z6&P<ZP2i^r r last, rows. 50c; Balcony, first seven rows, 60c;
' (, \l pp/Jifz^T^^ Balcony, last yen rowg, 25"; Gallery, 25c; Box
7 lAS*^^'^ * na lx> - e Seats, $1. Monday, June 15. "The
• jp^ charity Ball." First appearance of Miss Madge
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO Sole Lessee and Maaa^w
COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 8,
Superb and Elaborate Production of Frank Harvey's Latest Triumph
BROTHER AGAINST BROTHER!
Positively the Initial Presentation on the Pacific Coast of This Stirring
Melodrama. - » V,
Sensational Fire Scene! Comedy!/ Jew Scenery! Pathos! A Foundry in
Operation.
A GREAT PLAY BY A GREAT AUTHOR.
NO ADVANCE IN OUR POPULAR PRICES.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mis. bBKKSTiSK lißKLtsu. Proprietor &. Manama?
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
Of Audraa's Favorite' Opera Comique,
OLIVETTE!
AS POPULAR AS HI Rt-TOFORE.
EVERY NUriBER REDEMANDED.
TO-MORROW EVENING— •:
l.ellinger \s Komantic Work,
"LiORH.AIN'JE: !"
First Appearances of • /
Miss Marie m illakd and Miss Louise Royck, .
LOOK OUT FOR
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON!" '
Popular Prices— 2so and sOc.
SUTRO JBATHS.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, June 6 and 7,
A MARINE NOVKLTY !
GRAND MATCH RACE !
WATER BICYCLE vs. CANOE
Illustrations of Deep Soa Diving by Miss Pearl
Woodward. Exciting Swimming Contests. Mar-
velous Aerial Diving by Miss Isidore Foote.
Admission— Adults. 10c: Children. sc.
SUTRO>BATHS.
9 KVENINGS ONLY i
Commencing Saturday, ' June 6, 1896,
MAGMFIC NT ELECTRIC DISPLAY!
BEAUTIFUL PICTURES 1
Marvelous Mechanical Effects!
STORM AT SEA !
Prominent Points of Interest in the United States
••••i; ■"•! ' and Kurope. ■ " '". -" '
General Admission— Adults, 10c; Children, sc.
THE CHUTES!
i
Open To-Day From 10 A. M. to
11 P. M.
JAPANESE DAY FIREWORKS
At 3:30 O'clock. "
ADMISSION .'. 100
CHILDREN, Including merry-go-round ride, 5o
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
Next Tuesday— One Night Only,
ADA REHAN^anf the Daly Company
In "The school for Scandal/ " m P Hn T
-Box office open to-day. Choice seats on sale
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
. (RAIN OB SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. n.
ADMISSION 81.00.
Take Southern racine trains ac Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. ?£.
Fare for round trip, including admission to graaJ
stand, $1. lake -Mission-street elecirio iiu» direct
to track.
A - B - I «SSS,? KI * w - a LRA KE -
tresldant. B«rotaty.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Australian Coal getting scarce.
Silver unchao cd.
Bank Clearings lose 61.4%.
Wbeat futures advanced again.
Choice Feed Barley rather firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye d nil.
Hay steady.
Beans neglected.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Vegetables quiet.
Butt.r, ( hees« and Eggs unchanged.
Prunes very dull.
Cherrry season closing.
Peaches and Apricots steady.
Poultry nominal.
Provisions unchanged. *
Increased receipts of Wine.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $15,233,940.
•gainst $20,046,303 for the same week in 1895,
a loss 01 51. 4\. The enormous loss last week was
really finltlous, as the clearings for the same week
in 1895 were abnormally swelled by the settlement
of the Fair estate wheat, which was a transaction
involving millions.
WINE AND BRANDY RECEIPTS.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port dnring
the first five months of the year were^as follows, as
compared witn the same period in 1895: Wine,
7.2-i5,000 gallons, against 6,769,000; Braudy. 94,
--955 gallons, against 88,680.
Explanation.
tT»« arrow flits with tb» wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum tetnpermtur» for the
Jays; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
nJnlall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
Uses, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Ihe
word "hleh" means hieh tarometric pressure and
U usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low . pressure. and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows"' usually first api>ei;r on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in tho iuterioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb- ■
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California" coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. Th« reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result-
WEATHER BUREAU BEPORT.
United States Depaktmext op Agricul
ture, Wbaiheb Bubeac, San Francisco. June
6, 1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 62.12. last season 46.33; Red Bluff 22.43.
last season 20.71: Bun Francisco 21.25. last season
25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.70, last season 26.04; Los Angeles
9-35, last season 16.10: San Diego 5.93, last season
12.20; Yuma. Bß, last season 8.01. -
. The following maximum temperatures are re- ]
ported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 58. Red Bluff 84, San Francisco «0.
Fresno 88, San Luis Obispo 82, Los Angeles 76,
tan .Diego 64, Tuma 98. • .
ban ranciscadata— Maximum temperature £8,
minimum 62, mean 60. ■
The pressure is highest this evening on the
coasts of Oregon and Northern California and low.
(•st in Dakota and Arizona. Fair warmer weather
prevails throughout the entire region west of the
Rocky Mountains and south of Washington. A
moderate norther prevails in the interior valleys
of Caliiornla, which will continue during Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
■ ending midnight, June 7. 1896:
Northern California— Fair; warmer in the in
terior Sunday; brisk, northerly winds; a moderate
norther. • ■. ■! . - ,
Southern California — Fair: warmer In the, in
terior Sunday; fresh northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair Sunday. • ' .
Arizona— Fair, warmer Sunday.
ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday: fresh
to brisk northerly shifting to westerly winds in
the afternoon. _. „ , ,
W. H. Eahhon, Forecast Official.
NEW TOBK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 6.— lt was a narrow
and professional market at the Stock Excuange
again to-day and naturally the dealings possessed
no significance. Less than 50,000 shares were
traded in. At tne opening the market whs firm on
f urtner covering by recent m.ort sellers, who were
imbued with the idea that the. St. Louis conven
tion will adopt a sound currency plank. Sugar
uas the strongest stock at the opening and ai
vanced ».o 126 on the recovery in the price of rar/
sugar, according to cable advices. Liquidations in
this market have ce^»e<t and accordingly an ad
vance In the price of retintrd is lookei for. Near
the close the stock was raided down to 123%. but
at the decline brokers usually acting for their
Wall-street Interests came in with buying orders
and a rally to 124Vfe followed.
The genera! railway list advanced yg@s/^ per
cent at the start. Toward tne close, when me de
mand from the shorts abated, jTrices sagged and
the improvement noted was generally los..
Northern Pacific preferred and Reading were
weak, the former declining Ito 14 : * i anu the latter
fvatoHT/g. The weakness of the issues is due 10
sales by holders who don't desire 10 pay further
assessments Speculation closed quiet, with
prices a fraction lower on the day.
\ Bonds were lower. Sales aggregated $305,000.
Chicago and Erie firsts fell 1 to 108, Oregon Im
provement first sixes 1 to 82^, St. Louis South
western firsts '£ to 68.
in Government bonds $100,000 registered fours
of 1907 sold at 108.
Grain.
FLOUR — Dull,, unchanged; Winter wheat,
low grades, $1 70; do fair to fancy, $2 40; do pat
ents. $3 70: Minnesota clear, $2 46: do straits,
$2 95: do patents, $3 45: low extras. $1 70; city
mills, $4 05; do r-etentß. $4 li); rye mixture. #2 50;
suptrnne, $1 95; tine, $1 70. Southern flour, dull,
easy • common 10 fair extra, $2 20; good do, $2 80,
Rye flour, quiet, steady: 82 40.
I OKNMEAL-Unchanged. steady: yellow West
ern t2 oft: Brandvwine, f i 16.
RYE— Quiet and steady; No. 2 Western, 40y2C.
'BARLEY — l.'uchanged: ungraded Western. 38
' BARLEY MALT— Unchanged ;Weslern.4B@sßc.
WHEAT— Firmer, qnlet: i. o. b., 76a/ g c to ar
rive: ungraded red, 67@77c; No. 1 Nortuem. 70% c
10 arrive.
Options fairly active, and opened firm at %o to
Sic advance on reports from Kansas of a de
crease of 29 per cent from last month, with cables
higher, West higher and local covering; fell V*c;
rallied lc toiV*c with the West, and closed nrm
Hi IVic to l%c over yesterday. July
and September most active. >o. 2 red, June,
67y a c: July, 67% c; September. 65Vsc: i>ecem
becbl?N-Dnll,nrni; No. 2, 33% c, elevator ; 34V c
, "options were dull and s'eady; unchanged. July
1 and September only traded in. June, 3»%c; July,
a4V»c; September, Sbß/^c. BPW
OATS— PuII, steady. . ■
Options dull, nominally V B c up. June, 23V»c;
J siloi <! pflcfcs'? r 'Xt). 2, 23c: No. 2 white, 25c:
NO 2 Chicago, 28% c; No. 3. 220: No -3
white, 288/ 4 c: mixed Western. 23@24c; white
Western aud white tate, 24%@28c.
FEED* BRAN— Unchanged. oaioi6oc.
JIIDDLI.NGs— Unchanged, 60^(J5c.
Unchanged: fteu.eoc
j'roviMions.
BEEF— Steady, dull; family, $8 50@9: extra
FINANCIAL. .
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEBLOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1934.
I.KAN<-'H of'KICK
623 Market SU, Palace. Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
J. 8. FI'KDY, Manager. ~ ,
Orders instantly executed on latebl > market quo-
tations. Reference Ist >**t'°' ial »"?K{ S. I.
CHICAGO. PKIVAXE WlitK >*.W \UU.K.
mess. $6@7: beef hams, quiet, nominal, $14 60:
tierced beef, quiet, steady ; < Ity extra India mess,
$11@:2; cut meats, dull, weak: pickled bellies,
12 pounds, 4C; do shoulders, 414 c; do hams, 9@
9%c.
LARD— Quiet, steadier; Western prime, $4 60:
city, $4 o.>fc£4 10; July. $4 65. Refined quiet;
continent, $4 76; South American, $5 15; com
pound. 3%@4%c. -■■■"■■:■".'
PORK-Qniet, steady; old mess, $8 25©8 75:
new mess, $9($ T J 50.
BUT'I Eh— quiet, fairly active: State
<Ial»v, 10r*15c; do creamery. ll@15y?c: Western
dairy, 9fii)llc; do creamery, 11%(516%c: do
factory, 8(S>llc; Elglus, 15% c; Imitation
creamery, lU@l 2c. •
CHE K>E— Moderate «*demand; State large,
new, 6%@63 / 4c; do small, new, 4@7c; part skim,
2@4%C; full skims, l%fiVc.
EGuS— Fancy, firm :■ moderate demand; State
and Pennsylvania, 13c: Western fresh, 11%@
12% c; do per case, $2 10@3.
TALiLOW— Quiet, nominal; city, 3V4c: country,
3VB@3i/ 4 c.
COTTONSEED OIL— Firmer, demand firm;
crude, 19@20c; yellow prime, 25c; oil grades,
24 1/2® -sc.
Rj-.siN— Steady; strained, common to good,
$175.
TURPENTINE— DuII, steady: 25%@26c.
POTATOES— Quiet, unchanged; Southern, $1
ittS so.
" RlCE— Steady, quiet; Domestic, fair to extra,
3&53 /4 c: Japan, 4<jjj)4i/ic.
MOLASSES— steady, quiet; New Orleans open
kettle, pood to choice, 27@37c. --'.--.
COFFEE— Quiet, unchanged; July, .sll 40@
11 50; September. $iO JO: October, $10 20- Spot
Rio dull, steady; No. 7, 131/4 C. , ;
SUGAR— Steady; raw, steady; fair refining.
31/ic; couirifuzals, 96 test, 33 /4 c. Refined, fairly
active, l-16c higher.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, BV-24<>iOc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, %* to, 12©13 c: do unpedea.
6%(aßc.
fRL'NES— Four sizes, 6c.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel. 3&814 C:
do three- crown, 4@4.%c: do iour-crown, 4y 2 ft»£»c;
ao London layers, 9Oc(g,sl.
HOPS— Steady, quiet; State common to choice,
2i^raßc: Paci lie Coast, Siy2@2^&
WOOL— Unchanged.
. Merchandise.
Pin IRON — Moderate demand; American,
COPPER-Unchanged; lake. $11 40@ll 50.
LEAD— domestic. #3@3 02%. >
TIN-Quiet: straits, $13 35@13 45.
PLATES— Quiet. : -;> v
bPELTEK-Flrmer: domestic, $4 10.
r CHICAOU MARKETS.
CHICAGO, III* June 6.— Wheat opened in a
whirl this morning, with prices ? + c to lc above
where they closed last evening, and throughout
the session the market exhibited but little abate
ment of the firmness prevalent at the start. The
Kansas State report giving the condition of wheat
in that State at 69, as against 97 on the first of
May, was by all odds the most potent agent in
producing the strength seen In the market. In a
general way the unanimity with which State re
ports have been giving deteriorated conditions
affords the tone a sustaining quality, and the pros
pect of a bullish Government estimate im.xt
Wednesday keeps the temper of the trade at a
high teasion. Large export clearances from both
coasts forme week— 3,2i<9,ooo bushels— were en
courag.ng to holders.
1 eoeipisat Chicago were twenty-four car*, and
93.763 bushels we- c withdrawn from store. The
Northwest had 477 cars against 253 a year ago.
L.'st SUurdny was a holiday, consequently no
comparison is possible. Liverpool" cables were
1 /a@ : /4 (i higher -. Closing Continental advices
quot«-u all markets holier. The advance In Paris
was from 5 to 30 centimes, at Berlin % mark, at
Antwero 37y a centimes- Exports at Atlantic
ports were fair at 302,978 busheis. In the last
half hour there was quite a flurry, prices rising
li/fee over the highest quotation recorded at the
opening. July wheat opened from GOVgC to 60VaC,
•old between 60c and 62y B e. closing at bl^c,
2Vjc higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts
for Monday. twenty cars.
CORN— Was quite as indifferent to the strength
of wheat to-day as i: was yesterday, and prices
for the first hour, with the exception of a few
moments at tli c opening, were scarcely more than
steady. Large receipts, 508 cars, and the promis-
In; ou. look for the next crop, were matters exer
cising an Influence paramount to even the usual
speculative sympathy with the leading market.
; Withdrawals from stores were larse at 886,467
: bushels. Liverpool cables were firm and i.4d
higher. Export clearances were 229.623 bushe.s.
The final boom in wheat force I shorts, in corn, to
cover, and on the buying whioh took place a mod
erate advance was noted. July corn opened at
28% c, sold between 2S@2Bi 8 e an d 28%@29c,
1 closing at 23% c, i<fe@s,BC higher than yesterday.
Estimated receipts for Monday, 475 cars.
: OATS— Lacked life and energy. Like corn, oats
were rather inclined to resist the influence of
stronger wheat market, and lor practically the
a me reasons. Large receipts, 439 cars, and crop
news of a very encouraging sort tended to prevent
prices from advancing. Withdrawals from store
were large at 465,676 bushels. Export clearances
were 79.802 bushels. July oats closed %c higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday,
320 cars. ,
FLAX— Was firm. Cash,79^@Boy 2 c; June and
July, 81c; September. 83V&($o4c. Receipts were
19 cars.
PROVISION- — Product gave signs of further re
vival to-day.- The market was not active, how
ever, and the early strength failed to be sustained
later. At the close July pork was a shade under
yesterday, July lard 2 Vic higher and July ribs
2Vj@s chlgher.
BL'iTErt— Trie butter market continued firm
to-day with practically the same conditions as
have been prevailing. Offerings were moderate
and the demand good. Creameries, seconds, 11®
13c; dairies, extra. 13c asked; ladles, extras, 10
(gJOVijc; firsts. 8y 2 @9^c; packing stock, 8$
by 2 c; °- her prices unchanged.
*/GGS— Were moderately active. The demand
was fair with offerings equal to tne require
ments- Prices unchanged. Fresh stock, 10(<&
101 2 c-f* dozen. w
MONEY— Was 6% on call and b®7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 70c premium,
Closing. Prices^
WHKAT— June. 61%o; Ju1y,61%@62c; Septem
ber, 623 / 4@62%a •
(OK.N-Juue, 281 8 c; Jnly, 28-' 4 c; September,
29y 8 c;. . •-—
OaTS- July. 18V*c: September, 18V8C
PORK— July. $7 -ft V%: Meptember, $7 4a
LARD— JuIy, $4 32 V 2; September, «4 47i /a 
lillib— July, *a»5; September, 94 10. '
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111,, June 6.— ate re
ceipts of cattle were too small to make a market
to-day and prices were nominally steady. The
run of bogs was small and firmness was the result
in the market for that animal. . Prices were 10c
higher. '1 he sheep market was slow and easy.
CATTLK — HecetDta, » 100. Fancy beeves,'
$4 20&4 30; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $3 95(&llO: good to choice steers. 1200
1 to 1600 pounds, S3 90&4 00: medium steers. 1000
to 1 60U pounds, 93 60(a,3 65: common to talr steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. 83 30(£3 45: feeders.
800 to 1200 pounds. 83 55@3 90; cows and heifers,
extra, $3 25&3 1 ■>: cows, fair to choice, *2 20(&>
3 10: cows, common to fair. $1 sO@3'J 10: Texas
grass steers, $2 40(53 10: Texas fed steers. fi 90
&3 80: Texas cows and bulls. $2 1O&S00: milkers
1 ana springers, per bead, 820&135: common to
choice stocKers. $2 80@3 50: bulls, cnoice to extra.
*2 «o®3 00: bulls, poor to cnoice. *2 00@2 75;
calves, good to choice. $4 60&5 £0;- calves,
common to good. $3 255J4 SJ.
HOOH— Receipts, 11,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $3 00(K3 37%: common 10 choice
mixed. OS 10C<c3 40; choice assorted. *3 45($
3 50: pigs. $3 00&3 4a
bHEtP— Receipts. 4000. Inferior to cnoice,
f2 50l&4&0; ituubu, 93 50&6 36.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, 111., June 6.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction today,
realizing the following prices: Royal apricots,
$2 25®2 eO; seedling apricots, $1 60®2*60: civ
ilian plums, 91 75<S1 90 per half-crate; Alexander
peaches, »l 40®l 75 per box.
Porter Bros. Company sold at open auction to
day California fruit as follows: Apricots Royals,
$2 4U@'J 55; seedlings, 91 40@l B'i. Peaches—
Alexanders, »1 90. Plums— 1 lymans, $1 60®
1 80. Cherries— Oft condition Blgarreaus, 90@U5c;
Tartarians, hO@9sc.
NEW YORK, June B.— Porter Bros. Company
sold at open auction to-day California Cherries
,as follows: Tartarlans, part oS condition, $1@
1 1 40; ligarreaus $1 local 15.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds. Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. ■ U'y'-'.i.
Money on call Is iya@2X. Prime mercantile pa
per, 4 Vs@s& Bar silver, 6b6/ a c Mexican dollars,
s»J^c. .sterling Exchange is quiet, with actual
business in cankers' bills at $4 87i/4®4 87y a
for sixty days and $4 88V*@4 88V% for demand.
Posted rates. $4 88®4 89. Commercial - bills,
$-1 88i/4@4 86%. Government bonds were steady;
state bonds- auil: railroad bonds dull. Silver at
the board was steady.
CLOSING STOCKS. • '
Am Tel A Cable.... 93- Norfolk A West 4%
Atcblson ...14% Preferred 10%
Preferred 21% Northern Pacific... 4%
Adams Express... .l4B ■ Preferred. 14Vn
Alton, Terre Haute t-0 Northwestern; 305%
American Kxpresslll Preferred....... 149
AmerlcanTooacco. 64% S. Y. Central 96
Preferred 98 N.Y.,Chicago<fe-.L. 12
BavStateGas 27% Ist preferred 70
Baltimore <fe Ohk).. 17% Yd preferred...... 31
Brunswick Lands.. VjN. Y.«fc N. H. 176
i?nffalo, Roch AP. 19 N". Y. ft, New Eng. 40%
Canada Pacific 62 IN. V.. Susq A W.. . hi^
Canada Southern.. (o'4i Preferred. 24
Canton Land...:... 60%!OntaNo ........... 12
Central Pacific 14% 'utario A Western 14
Ches. A0hi0....... Oregon lmprovmnt 1
Chicago Alton . 16% Preferred
Preferred.. )70 [Oregon Navigation 14 '
Chicago, B. A — 77% Oregon Short Line. - 5 '
Chicaao E. 111... 4) PaciflcMall. .:..... 25%
Preferred.... ....99 'Peoria, D. A Evans «
Chicago Ga5........ 6*»y 8 Pittsbur^ A W. pfd 15
Cleve<fc Pittßbnrg..l63 . Pullman Pa1ace.. ..168
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. .'. iy a
Consolidated Gas..ls4y a ' Preferred. 14
C. C. C. ASu Louis 38"A Reading ...... 9%
Preferred 82 RioGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 87 j Preferred 40
Preferred..'.. ;... 100 Keck Island 703/ 8
Cotton Oil Cert .... 11% Rome WatAO«den.l]6
Commercial Cable.) so St. i- AS, W...... 4%
Dei. Hudson 127 Preferred 10%
Del. Lack* Westrn. 163 -*t. Pau1............. 76%
Denver AR. G.;;.. 12V; Preferred. 128
Preferred. ....... 47»/, *. Paul A Dulutb. 23
Di5ti11er5.. ......... 17Vfe Preferred......... 85
General Electric... 33 >t. Paul A Omaha. 4iVe
Krie. . I* Preferred 123%
Preferred 34 P. M. A M...... lia
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
Fort Wayne........ 163 . iSilver Certificates. 68%'
Great Northern pfdllß southern Pacific... 19
Green Bay R. R...:. 8%
Harlem .....295 1 Preferred......... 28^
Hocking C0a1...... l%!sn>tar Refinery ....1245/ g
Hocklne Valley....' 16Vi Preferred 103%
Homestake. ........ 3\i |Term. Coal & Iron. 25%
H. A Texas Cent... 1 Preferred. 100
Illinois Central 93 Texas Pacific...... 7%
lowa Central SViIToI.A.A-iKN.Mich.: — -
Preferred......... S'i^JTol. A Ohio Cent... 83
Kansas* Texas... 10% l Preferred......... 70
Preferred... 24 iTol.St.LouisA K.C. 5 <
Kingston & Pern,,. 8 i Preferred.......... 5 -
Lake Erie A Westn 18 Union Pacific 7y 8
Preferred 70% U. P. Den A Gulf.. • 3
Lake Shore 151 ■U. 8. Cordage...... 6i/s
National Lead..... 25^ Preferred 9%
Preferred .85% Guaranteed ...... 20
Long Island. ..-...;. 7« U. 8. Express 40 •
Louisville & Nash. 49% V. S. Leather By±
Louisville Na&Ch 9 Preferred...:..... 636/ 8
Preferred. ...20 U. S. Rubber. 21»4
Manhattan Consol.lo6y 8 Preferred. ....... 81%
Memphis* Charts. 15 lUtica &B. River. .160
Mexican Central... 10 . <Wab. b. L. A Pac. 6%
Mlchiga 1 Central- 95% Preferred 16%
Minn S. L Wells-Fargo 97
Preferred Western Union. .. 85%
Minn A St. L com. 17 * Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 78 " Wheeling AL. E.. 9%
:- 2d preferred . - . : . 47 ' Preferred . . . . ,. . . 34
Missouri Pacific.... 23»/ 8 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 54%
Mobile* Ohio 19% W. U. 8eef......;.. 7%
Nashville A Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 9
National Linseed.. 15 1 Preferred......... 22,
N. J. Central 106% Brooklyn Traction. 24
North. American... -sVi'iirie 2d pfd 20%
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 4s, registered 108 M' X T 2ds ......... 58V 9
• Do 4s. coupon.... 110 Do 4s 8i!y 3
V 8 4s new, regstnll Mutual Union 65... 114
I Do is, coupon ...11.6% > J Cent Gen 55.;. 119
Do Vs.. ....... 94 V* Northern Pac lsts.ll7^
Bo 55........:....11»V4 D02d5. .......:.. .114%
- 1 o ss, coupon. ...1131,4 Do 3d a 723/ 8
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l 37
Do 1897 10J I Do deb 65...... 108
.Do 1898 10) OR A N 15i5.......112Vb
Do 1899 100 StL<s:£ronMtGenss 80 .
Pacific -is of '95.... St L & 8 F Gen 68.112
DC3-65s ....'......109V45t Paul C0n5015... .131*4
Ala Class A4s 107 St PCA Pa ls!s.:.118 ■
Do Class 84, 55.. 106 | Do Puc Cal 1 sis.. 11l
La Consol 4s 99V 8 Southern R R 65... 92Vs
Missouri funding. Texas Pacific lsts. 85Vs
N Carolina con 65.. 124 Texas Pact tic 20
Do 45. ....... .....104 Union Pac lsts '86.1033/4,
60 Carolina 4Vis... 106 West Shore 4s lU6V4
Term uew 3s 84 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 66
Va funding debt... 59% R GrandeWest lsts '763/ 8
' Do registered Ches 4 Onto 65....107y 4
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchison 4s 79
Do trust roptsst. 6 Do'-!dsA..\ ... . 4iy 8
Canada Son; h2ds.. 104%G H A S A 6s .. .105
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95.102 I Do2d 75.... ..:... 100
Den& P. G 15t. .'...11l H * Tex Cent 55. .109
Do4s-... 91 Do con 85.. .......102
Erie ads 643/4' Reading 4s 79i£
Kansas Pa Consols 74 Missouri 65.. ;..... .100
Ks Fa lsts Den divll 1 14!
FOREIGN MARKETS.
whs;at IK LIVERPOOL -
LIVERPOOL, Eso., June 6.-The spot market
in firm. Cargoes steadier at 26s 3d buyers, arrived.
fl-titbkij. ' ''
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
5s iy a d: July, 6s iy 2 d; August, 5s iy a d; Septem
ber, 5 s lVad: October, 6s iy Bd.8 d. «
SECURITIES. ' . i... !r'
LONDON, F.NB.. June 6.— Consols, 113 5-16; sil
ver, 3is/gd; French Rentes, lOlf 77^c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange-, 60 days — $4 881/4
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — . 48»y«
Sterling Cables .......#..... — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight. — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ■ 15
Fine silver, *f* ouuee — 68%
Mexican Dollars 54% 55
P RODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS,
WHEAT— Futures have again advanced, in sym
pathy with higher Eastern and foreign markets,
but spot Wheat continues depressed, as the ship
pers are not In the market. No 1, 98 3 /ic@sl OIV4;
cboice, $1 02%; lower grades, 95@t«7%C; extra
choice for miliiug, $1 07y 2 @l 15 V OU.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 3oo
tons.- $1 01%; 600, $1 02; 700, »$1 02%; 100,
$1 01%; 700. $1 01%.
Reoulab Mobniijo session— December— l6oo
tons, $1 02 Vi; 1300, $1 02% 300, $1 02 Vs. *
BARLEY— Continues dull, though bright Feed is
rather firm, with a sale of 100 tons tit. Lite top
figure. Feed,7o<g)7ly4C ? ctl; choice, 7ay 2 @73%c;
Brewing, 77V2(g.86c.
•a."; CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 2oo
tons. 71»£c: 100, 71i&c.
Beoular Morning Session— December— 2oo
tons, 71 Vie.
OATS— Tnere Is nothing selling at the moment,
as the demand is satisfied. -No change in prices.
Milling, 85@87i^c * ctl: fancy Feed, 87Vi(art2V 2 ;
good to choice, fe;ci<..(g.B7 1 1 '; common to lair, 75<g»
80c; *iray, 80@85c; surprise, 92i/ 2 c@^l t* ell.
CORN — Dull and unchanged. I.artre Yellow,
87V>®90c %< ctl;'6mall Round do, 97V^c; White,
b(J(^/Vsc %> ctl.
75@76V4c * ctl.
BI'CKWtiE A 1 — 85@90C ■& ctl.
FI.OUR AND . MIIiLSTUFrS. _
.' FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,.
$3 75@3 85 V- bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55&3 65;
superfine, $2. 75@3. ■'
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, 20 60@21 '$. ten.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol- |
lows, usual discount to the trade:, Graham Flour, |
2»,ic: Rye Flour, 3i/4c; Kice Flour, 7^c; Corn
meal, 2&4@3c; extra cream do, 3Va c ; Oatmeal,
384 c: Oat Groats, 4^c: Hominy, 4®4VjC; Buck
vin«at Flour, 4c; Crocked Wheat, 3V 8 c; Farina,
4%cr Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 41,4 c;
Pearl Barley, 4Vac; Split Peas, 4" /4 c ; Green do,
61/4 C 3* ib. . .
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFB.
BRAN-*15@16 ? ton.
MIDDLINGS— *I6 50@17 50 f» ton for lower
grades and Slg@l9 ?! ton for the best.
FEKDBTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal lit the mill. $20 per ton; jobbing, ¥21:
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 $ ton.
HA — First cutting of Alfalfa Is not Quotable, as
It Is hot, wet and not, merchantable. It is really
not Hay. Prices for other descriptions are steady.
New Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 60 "f, ton; new
Oat, $7 50@8 "# ton : new Burley, $6 50<a7 50 %>.
ton.. Old Hajr is quoted as follows: Wheat. $H@
1160 '$ ton: Oat, *7@9: Wheat and Oat. $i-@ll;
Barley, *7(a,3 50 $ ton; Clover, $6@7 50 %'. ion:
Compressed oat. $6 50@8; Compressed Wheat, «7
@10 50; >tork, $t^.7 per ton.
STRAW— Weak bale. '.
BEAN'S AND SEEDS. •
BEANS-Coatlnne dull, with ample offerings.
Bayos are quotable at 90r@$l $ ctl: Small
Whites. $1 25@1 35 t ctl: Pea, $1 20® 1 30 $ ctl:
Large Whites, 90c@*l «ctl: Pink, 85(g)95c; Keds,
$125; Blackeye, $175: Red Kidney, nominal:
Llmas, 92 50@2 70: Butters, $1 40(g>i 60 for small
and $1 25® 1 50 for large.
SEEDS— Mustard is quotable at $1 50@
225 "%, ctl: Trieste, $2(5)2 10 ~s, ctl: Yellow Mus
tard. $1 40@l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary,
•$ lb; Alfalfa, 7Vi@9Vi * Ib: Rspe, 2Vac»tt>;
Hemp, 3y«c Ib.
DRIED PtAB-$l 25@1 40 ctl for Miles and
$1 25®1 45 for Green..
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New I otatoes, in sacks, are quot
able at 85c@$l 10 *0 ctl: new Early Rose In
boxes; from the River, $I@l 25: new Burbank
Seedlings, $1 10@l 36; Oregon Burbankg, 65@90c:
Early Rose, 6&fa,75c: Petaluma and Tomales, 66®
75c % ell; Humboldt Burbanks, 70©80 c * ctl.
ONIONS— Weak at 26@35c ~f> ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 683 boxes As- !
paragus, 124 boxes Rhubarb and 390 sacks Peas.
Quotations show very little change. . .
Summer Squash, $1 75@2 %4 box for Pay and
$1<i3.1 2S Ib small toxes; Eps Plant, 10c '"& Ib;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25@1 76 ff> bx; Cucum
bers, 50c@l f. dozen: Asparagus, 60c@$l %l box
for ordln«ry and 81 2"J>@2 lor extra*. Rhubarb,
sO'#sl fi box; Dried Peppers, 7@Uc; Ureen Pep
pers. «-@l(lc f! Ib: Green Peas, sU@76c f. sack for
common and $I@l 25 for Garden; btiiug Beans,
for Los Angeles and 7@9c ft Ib for Winters;
Horse Beans, 40@50c sack: Dried Okra, l'.'iAc;
Cabbage, 46@60c %». ctl; Garlic, 4@6c Jb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Steady at previous prices.
( •rkamkuy— 14y 2 @l6c: second*, 13@
14c #Ib. w
Dairy— Fancy, 13@18yac; good to choice. 12®
121/30; lower-grades, ll@lli^ic. - , i
CHEESE— Weak and plentiful. Fancy mild new, 1
6V2C 't* Ib; common to good, s(B>6c; Cream Ched
dar. 9c: Young America, 7@Bc 1* Ib; Western, 10
toll.-: Eastern, 12@12y a c. ;• • -
EGGS— Cheap are weak, but choice are firm.
Eastern Eggs. ll@12c: store Eggs, 1 Ki/.1l i- 3
ranch Eggs, 13®15o: Duck Eggs, 14®15c^doz.
. POULTRY AND GAME. *
POULTRY — Liva Turkeys' are quotable at
12y @14c# Ib for. Gabblers, ll@l2V4c for Hens:
Geese, $ pair, 76c@fl 25; Ducks, $3@4 ■$ down
for ola and $4@5 for young: Hen*, $3 &*.!(s
$4 50: Roosters, young, $6 :>0@B: do, old, $4(&
4 60: Fryers, $5 50f«6: Broilers, $lfes for Urge
and S2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25(&1 50 %* doz
for young trnd old.
GaME— Nominal. '
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
2957 boxes, selling at 61®75c for White, 60@76c
$) box for Black, and Hsc@sl for Royal Anne.
Cherries in bulk, 1 iA@7^e %i Ib for Wh:te and 6®
tJi/ 2 c for Black and 8c for Roy hI Anne. The season
Is d; awing to a close, much earlier than usual,
owiiu to the shortness of the crop.
Peaches. 75<-tosl 25 >'. box.
Plums, 76c(g»»l crate.
Cherry P.ums, 4(!@tioc box •
Ripe Apples from Australia, $'i 50®3 V box. •
Green Apples, 80@75c %i box 1 1 small and Cl@
1 60 In large boxes and 50c "f, basket.
Green Pears. 30®75c box and "^Bc ft basket. •
Pringle Apricots sold at 7oc ~& box; Royals, 85o«
$1 50 "p* box. . _■---' . ■-•.-..: , . .?■••.. . ,
. BKRIUES— Receipts of Strawberries were 361
Chests, selling at $B@l2 V- chest for Longworths
and $o@7 for large berries. . -■■ . : , . ■■/..-,
Gooseberries, 2®2 Vie $ Ib In . bulk for ordinary
and 3@4c 9 Ib in bulk for large. ...
Raspberries, 40@t>5c %< drawer; Newcastle
Raspberries, *1 25t0l 50 14 crate.
Blackberries. H75 crate. V ..;,.;
; Currants, 3@& {■ cheat.
CITRUS FRUITS— Limes ftre scarce. Choice
Lemops are firm. Oranges are in smaller suppy
at $I@l 75 ¥ box for Seedlings, $3@4 <jj» box for
Navels, $1 50@2 60 for Malta Bloods and $1 25r<0
225 for Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, 75c@
$150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6@7; California Limes, $1 ¥ bx;
hananas, $I®V! * bunch; Pineapples, $3®6 %»
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes are about the dullest
of all Fruits at the moment. The following prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange : . . .
Carload Lots- Apples, l%@2c fi Ib '. for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4%c for evaporated:
Peaches, b@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 6y 2 ©
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc %*
lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2y 3 c for un
pressed: White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c #Ib
for evaporated Waives, 3%@bc "f, Ib for quarters;
Prunes, S@3Vic; Plums, 3VaC Ib for pitied and
iy a @2c for unfitted ; Nectarines, 3%@5c %« Ib for
prime to choice and 5%c for fancy. .
Jobbing Evaporated Apples. 4@4y.c
« lb: sun-dried; lVa® 2c = Peaches. 3i/2@sc and Be
for fancy: peeled in boxea,'l2y 2 e $ n, ; Prunes, 3%
for four sizes, 5c for 40($50's and 4y ? c for
o<a6o's; Apricots, 6yaCft9c for prime to choice,
lOwll for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 3y 2 c;
While i l?s, 3®sc: Pears, 8c $ Ib for evaporated ;
halves end 4@7y3C for quarters; Plums, 3y 2 @4c
for pitted and l@iyao forunpitted: Nectarines,
46250 « Ib for prime to choic?.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES-Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f- 0. b. San Francisco: . Four
crown, loose, 3 s /ic; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown.
2Vac%t!b; seedless Sultanas, 3y 2 @33 / 4c; seedless
Muscatels, 2U>@'<S a /i e : 3-crown London layers, 70c
"A box; clusters. $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters,
12 10@2 25 penal clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried
Grapes, %4 Ib. . : " ♦ *.
'JoßßiNa Prices— Four-crown loose, 3%@4c; 3
crown, »%c'|l tb; 2-crown, 2%@3c. Seedless Sul
tanas 4c 91 Ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, $1 50@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, •
. NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc V Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c V Ib for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7y 2 c $ Ib for Lungue
doc and; 8V 2 @loc lor paper-shell, jobbing; Pea
nuts, 6V2@7c tor Eastern and 4%(a»5y 2 c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuis. s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
C@lo • « lb; Cocoanuts, S4 50@5 %( 100.
ilONE\— Is quotable at 10@12c V Ib for
bright ana B@9c fi Ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6<aisysC $ Ib: light amber ex
tracted. 4Vi@4 /4 t " dark amber, 4c; dark, si@3c
BEESWAX— 9 Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 6c
Ib for heavy, 7c f. Ib for light medium, 9c fk Ib for
light, 10c for extra liaht and 12c * Ib for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie Ib: Cali
fornia Hams, 10c $ Ib; Mess .Beef, $7 50(^8:
extra mess do, $8 sO(ai9; family do, $10; extra
prime Pork, $8 s<\gj9; extra clear. $14 $ bbl;
mess, $12 1* bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c 9 to.
LARD— Kasteru. tierces is quoted at 6V4C ■$ Ib
for compound and 63 /4 c for pure; pails. 7yac:
California tierces s Vic tor compound .inn 614 c tor
pure: half-bbls, oVlOoVisc; 10-lb tins, 7y*<-'; do
5-tb, 7% j* lb. " ' • •
COTTOLE.NE— e©674c in tierces and 6» 4@7%c
* Ib in tins. •:■■■ . -.
HIDES, TAL.LOW, WOOL, AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 7(a,7i- 2 ; culls and brands. (i@6y»°:
medium, 6@(J l / 2': culls and brands, s@si/ic: liiclit.
6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides.. s@sV a c; culls
and brands. 4© ••".<•<:: salted Kip, Bo «i Ib; salted
■Calf, 7@Bc: sated Veal. 6c; dry Hides, 10^@llc:
cullsand brands, B@BVic: dry Kip and Veal, B@t)c:
culls. 7c: dry Call, l&c: culls, 10c; Uoatskins,
20@38c 1 ach; Kids,- 6c; Deerskins, good summer.
30c: me num. 16@--'Bc: winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings- 10©15 c each: short wool. 2>j@
arc each; nu-aium. 41/,aisoc each; long wools, 50®
60c each. Culls of all kind < about \ 3 c less. . •
. TALLOW— .so. 1. rendered, 3i4(g)3y»c: No. 2.
3c; reflneJ, 5y x @ssic: crease, 21/2 C V Ib.
WOOL —Va ley regon, ' 9@ioy 2 c •"# Ib: do
lower grades. B@9MjC "f- tt>; Nevauu, 6@9c lb;
bun Joaquin and southern Coast, six mo inns, 4©6 c;
San Jouquin, lootiiill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
.loaqii.u, year's . fleece, 4V%ffl6^c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective, s@tfy 2 o f* ">.
xIOPS-iy»@3c %« ib.
G£N£KAL BIEKCHAN.DISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bacrs, spot, ?4 25; June-
July delivery, $4 37y 8 ; San Quentio, 9± 'JO; Wool
Bags, 24y a @26^c.
COAL— Harrison's circular says: "During the
week there have oeen nine arrivals from the Coast
collieries with 21,930 tons of Coal, nothing from
any foreign ' source. These !Uht arrivals .of late
are causing material reductions of stocks in yard,
which in many cases an» becoming very apparent.
The total quantity 01 Coal due 10 arrive here in the
next 30 days, from England and Australia, will
not exceed 18.000 tons, and from the same sec
tions about a simitar amount for the subsequent SO
days, so that the total amount that can possibly be
looked for does not exceed 36,000 tons 10 arrive
prior to August next. It is a very long time since
our present position has been duplicated, and the
consequential result will be that our market will
be entirely bare of all|forelgn - steam Coals, except
Swansea Anthracite, of which there is a full sup
ply at present on linn J. With the above figures
beforeus.it becomes an assurance that we shall
later on be forced to rely upon British Columbia
entirely as our basis of supply, and as the. control
of the entire output from . there in in the hands or
only two firms, consumers may be made to feel
their power over the market.' Or course any ma
terial advance by t&em may Ibe checked by a re
newal of Newcastle shipments, if the labor co -
plication there should be compromised at an early
date." ■■.--< ■ :■■ ' ■ '■-'■
Wellington Is quotable' at 98: New Wellington,
$8 '& ten; Fouthiield Wellington, 97 50 f> ton;
Seattle, $5@5 BO; Bryant, *5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo. »7 50;
Cumberland, $11@1'2 in bulk and $l':VgiM in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite V.gx, $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: cannel, $7 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Peasant Valley, $7 60; coke,
$11 (sl2 in bulk and $13 '£ ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net caiti: Cube, <. rushed, Powdered
and line Crushed; all 6Vsc; Dry Granulated, 6 Vie;
Confectioners' A, 6ygc:' Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra
C. 4-"»iu: Golden : C, 45/j»c; half-barrels, V4C more
than barrels, and boxes ygC more.
1 - Golden, ln'bbls, 15c; Blackstrap, 10c
$ gal. ■
SAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed, stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, s@s Vic; second do, 4 Va@
434 c: third do, 2 @4c ft Ib.
v EAL— 6@6c; small, 6@7c "& lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6Vj»<ai6c: iSwes, SViC i* Ib.
LAMB— (spring Lamb. 6@BVSsC V !h.
PUKK— Live Hogs. 36 $ ib for large and 314 c
for small and medium: dressed do, 4 Vs(3>sVic ~$ u>.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 2,550.Hay. tons 226
0reg0n...., 800 Butter, ctls 322
Wheat, Ctls. 65.483<;heese, ctls 64
Barlej.ctls 1,066 Eggs, doz.. 11,910
Oats.... ....'.< 90Hideg.n0..;...... 897
Oregon 770 felts, bdls . 765
Corn, ct15......... ' * a6»: Wool, bis 142
Rye, ctls.... 348 Wine, gals. 17,100
Potatoes, sits..... -1,760 Leather, roils 87
Onions, sks Quicksilver, fisks 432
Bran, sks " ~ 630 Lime, bbls. 120
Middlings, 'sks... 160!
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Kobp Tynan (nee Jtffers) to Mary E. Foley. lot
on north line of Grove street, 82:6 west of Ouavla,
W 87:6 by N 120: gift.
Edwin Daqfortli to Francis O. Danforth, lot on
south line of Broadway, 109:6 east of Bu
chanan, E 28 by 8 137:6; gift.
Charles, William and James Varnl to Nicola
Varni, lot on east line of Mission street, 38 north
ot Twenty-fifth, N 27 by £ 65; also lot on east
corner of Huron strelt and Geneva avenue,
8E 237 by >E 240, block 5, West End Map
1: blso lots 1 to 4, block 10. same; also lot on
north line of Filbert street, 68:3 west of Mason,
\V a»:ll by N 120; $10.
James Burke (administrator of the estate of
Peter Burke) to Abram Van Slyke, lot on E line tf
Diamond fttreet, 124 N of Nineteenth. N 25 by E
125, subject to mortgage; $2400.
Jnllus, Antonla F. and Charles J. Bandmann (by
G. W. lane, commissioner) to London and San
Francisco Bank (limited), lot on X line of Front
street. 68 N of California, X 26 by X 77:6;
$2»,600.
Jacob and Lln» Heyman to John Pearson, lot on
E line of Prospect avenue, 76 N of Esmeralda
street, N 25 by E 70, (lift Map 3; $10.
Charles F. and i-.nima Moon; to Lena Christen
seo.lotonW line of Allen street. 125 N of Jeffer
son, N BO by W 70, lots 1095 and 1097, Gift Map
2; $700.
William Hale to Jacob Heynian, block
bounded by BsrneraldH, Prospect and Chapultepeo
streets And Virtinia avenue, Gift Map 3; $10.
Fanny Burnoll (administratrix of the estate of
John H. Burnell) to Frederick B. Burnell, lot on S
corner of (J street and Ninth avenue Mouih, 8W
200, SE 226, NX 100, NW 76. NX 10J, NW 150.
block 191, South San Francisco Homestead and
Kailroad Association: $8000.
Frederick B. Burneli to fanny Burncll, same;
also personal propsrty Albion Brewery; $10.
Lawrencn and Catherina Compai^no 10 Henry
and Mary Wright, lot 1. block 55, University Ex
tension Homestead; $10.
ALAMKPA COIT.NTY.
Wells, Fargo ifc v. o. to J. M. Bartlett, lot beginning
at interaction of R line of Knox avenue with Hie
parallel with Telegraph avenue and distant 460.81
W of Telegraph avenue, 1 hence X 50.225, B
142.431, W 50, N 146.08, being all of lot 13 and
W 10 feet of lot 12. Knox ParK. Oakland: $10
Alice tf. Nlchn son to Patrick .1. Brophy, lot on
NX corner of Lincoln avenue and <;»k street, N
100 by X 8a being lots 18 and 14 block B, Clin
ton Mound Tract: also lot on W line of npruce
street, 100 N of L'ncoin avenue, N 40 by w 132,
beiug lot H, hlocu H, Mmc, Kaat Oakland : 810.
Btin Francisco aud Oakland Mutual Loan Asso
ciation to Emma Brodien and F. K. John on, lots 8
and 9, block F, Parsons Golden Gate Tract, Oak
land Township: flO
L H. and Harriett H- Moise to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $10. ,
Builders' Contracts.
J. Schoenfeld' with F. Wagener, . brickwork on
lot on B\V corner of Geary and Lark in streets;
$4798; t*alfleld& Kohlberif, architects.
J. Schoeufeid wl'to John >'urnrss, carpenter
work on same; $9175; architects same.
J. Schoenfeld with Pilas A. Chase, floors, etc.,
same; 9 cents per foot : architects same.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Stocks touched the highest figures of, the week
yesterday. Cbollar sold up to $3 95. Con. Cal. A
Va. to 93 20.' Hale A . Norcrosa to $315, Mexican
10 91 25, Opblr to 92 25, Polos! to $190, sierra
Nevada to $1 20, and so on. Trading in Chollar,
Hale <fc Norcross and several other stocks was
heavy on the noon informal session.
The sugar srocks were higher. Hawaiian touching
$20 25 and Hutchinson 525.
The Silver King tssessment falls deliuquent in
board to-morrow.
Charles W. iiaskell, superintendent of the Sa
vannah mm«, Wadera County, reports to the Gold
Mining Exchange that the work' at the mine Is
progressing well and that ore prospects are good,
the general average being better than usual.
Work on level 1 is being rushed to strike up
raise from Na 2. Work will then be well cut out
for a large amount of good milling ore. in the
Wide Awake the ledge is very hard, aud progress
is slow.
The official letter from the Savage mine for the
past week states: "The ore yield for the week whs
110 carloads, of -the average assay value of $63 81
per ton. shipped to the Nev da mill 135 tons of
ore and milled 2(JO tons, average battery of same
fceings37 69. We have bullion on hand at the
mill of the assay value of $6859 58. We have
r. sumed work in the main bOiuh drift on the 750
level. Considerab c repair work and timbering
has been done in tne shaft and throughout the
mine. Brunswick lode— No. 1 shaft has attained
a depth of 25 feet below the 800 level, and we have
commenced to-day from the bottom of the joint
incline cutting out a chute for the 300 station.
The joint north drift. 200 level, has been advanced
12 feet, in clay, 1 orphyry and quartz."
The weekly report from the Conceal. & Va. !s as
follows:
ltiso level— Completed timbering, making re
pairs and easing timbers in south drift on ninth
floor (first floor above sill floor of this level) and
resumed work in face of drift run south from end
of stope. Total length.3o4 feet. Face in porphyry
and quartz of low assay value.
1750 level— From thirteenth to twenty-first floor
and north end of stogies on old grouud of former
workings have extracted during the week I'JO tons
of orc\ average assay value of which, per samples
taken from cars in mine, was $12 37 per ton.
From north end of stope on nineteenth, twen
tieth and twenty-first floors on east side of old
stope timbers there is from two to three feet in
width of ore, assaying $40 per ton. From upraise
carried up from northwest drift from main west
drif: from C. & C shaft (5U feet ar.ove sill floor of
this level) a northwest drift Ims been advanced 60
feet through porpbyiy and quartz formation of low
assay value. Samples tor assay takeu from face cf
this drift average *8 and $10 per ton.
1600 level— No work lias been doueon this level
during the week.
1000 level— West crosscut 1, started at point
m north drift 560 feet north from Con. Virginia
shaft station, has been advanced 25 feet, total
length :565 feet, passing through porphyry and
clay separations and narrow lines of quartz, assay
ing* 50 cents per ton.
Total extract!' n of ore for week amounted to
120 tons, average assay value of which, per sam
ples taken from cars when raised to surface, was
$42 30 per ton.
On Monday, June 8, will commence shipping
ore to Morgan mill.
Mining assessments falling delinquent in June
amount to $110.7J0, an unusually large amount.
Nevada mines call for f 44,7-0, Californ'a mines
for $49,500, an Arizona mine for $25,000 and a
Lower California mine for $1500.
Following Are the Highest Prices Daring
the Pasi Week.
i:()Ai;i) sales.
Following th» smj 10 ma Baa Francises
Btocit Board yesterday:
REGULAR MOHNTVO BRSBTOV rnMVKNTIV'I 9:30.
100 A1pha. ....22|75Crch011r.. 3.60 500 Poiosi ..1.75
21,0 Ande5......53i3M) ...3.65 »50 siivas,'..l.6s
1008e1cner...77 200 C P0int.. .69 50 1.70
350 79700 AC... 1.60300 5eg8...r.19
100 B <fc £..1.55 1400 H&>i .2.83 -JOO si NT ...1,16
50 80die.....t58 800 .....2.80 20 1.10
800 Bullion... 35 400 ...2.90 30* Uni0n. .1.05
100Cb11nge...47 700 Mxcan.l.'JU 550 V Jackt..6s
100 Conn.... 1.60 -50 Occidtl..l.6oi2oo ;.:;.. 04
450 CUdcV.,.3.10600 Ophlr. .2.10100 ...........61
250 3.05:300 F0t05i..1.70l- - - . :
following went tue bates m ilia PaclUa Stooic
i-oard yesterday :
BKOHLAK BFiISION-— 10:3'!, .. : '
100 Aloha 100 C0nn... .1.15 100 00h1r...2.!i0
100 Alt*. 20 500 Con Im...OHiSOO 0vrmn....31
700 Andes. 200 P;...7« 600 ....:.;.;.., 80
100 .. 5i 1000 U 0. 1.00 200 .......S3
100 ............54 200 ......... 1.65.400 P0t05i.. 1.70
100 8e1cher.. .76 200 1% 500 ....... 1.75
100 7»|250 ..1.6i)500 .:..... 1.771/3
400 8<ft8....1.5i.j.'00 H&N...2.7f>10U 1.671/,
300 1.57^.8 50J 2.80 100 ....... 1.72Va
300 .........l.boa^o.. 2.70100 ..;:.;.... l.bo
300 80d1e.....69 100 ...2% 100 ;.-;..-.v1.82%
300 Bullion... H6JBOO 2.SK, 10J 1.9U
700 35 200 2.85 100 ....1.85
10.1) ..V..:... 34 450.' 2.95 200 .... 17/$, !
200 550 ........'3.15 100 Savg.l.67y a
1100 ....: 40300 ....... 2.97 V 2 6i10 1.70
100 Bulwer . . . 31 800 3.00^00 ;1.72W,
600Caleda l*-'6O ..3.10 1060 1.75
100 Cnallng.. . 50*00 Ju1ia. ..... 101100 .:.;-..... 1.65
250.0h011.... 3.60 200 Justice.. 500 »corplon..oß
950 3.60 600 K. muck. .o6 400 9 NY....1.10
650 3.65 700 i1exn... 1.16 200 1.15
50 3(yß|<oo 1.20 200 H /8
150 3.66 100 1. 22J^, 600 811 HU1....0?
100 3.57% 700 X C..12 MO Union Ul.lO
100 3.70 200 0cc1d.... 1.65 60 ....... ...iy ß
100 .....3.95 100 .....l.eu 50 l.la
200 CCV.... 3.05 ! 100 1.67Vi20U V Jacicet..6l
700 3.10 100 0ph1r.. .2.00 200 62
400 3V5300 ..X......2.10 100 .....66
100 S.O7Vj>IOU - .!«.22V2100 65
600 ........ 3.151 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 6— 12 k.
Bid.Asked.\ Bld-Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 21- 23 Jack50n........ 40 —
Aita. 19 ! Jolla 13 15
Ande5.......... 62 53 Ju5tice....:. ...11 13
Kelcher. ...82 84 Keu'.uck — 06
Best &Be!oherl.6s 1.60; Lady" Wash 04 ,05
Ben ton C0n.... .20 — [Mexican 1.20 1.25
Bodie  70 7i|M0n0.... — 07
Bullion.. 38 40 Nevada Queen. — 05
8u1wer.. ...."... 31 33 Occidental. ...1.65 1.70
Caledonia. 12 130phlr. 2.20 2.25
Cbollar.. 3.80 3.90 Overman 34 36
Con.Cal.«feVa..3.lO 3.16 P0t0ai......... 1.85 1.90
Challenge Con. 47 " 80 Savage ..I.7t' 1.75
Con. Imperial.- 02 03 Seg. lielcber... 19 20
Confidence J...1. 45"' • — ; Svndlcate. . 04 05
Con New York - ' lOj.-sllver Hi 11. ... - 06
Crown Point... It 74i*ierra Nevada. 1.10 1.15
Ea.sisierraNev — Union C0n..... 1.05 1.10
Exchequer...^"—.- 13 Utah...."....... , 17 19
Gould .fe lurry. 1.60 1.65 Yellow Jacket. 64 66
Hale <tNorcrs 3.10 3.15 '*'
COLD MIMING i \eii.\v<;;:.
100 Amalie 2,65200 Lockwood. Con-. 35
500 260*00 .... 34
700...:.; -..;•.•.•. r..~' 255 ' Providence
>1 Champion Bid ......60 00
Bid 20 00 100 Savannah....... 39
Asked.... .:. 25 00 100-.. ....\...\ - 40
300 Kdpa 36 100 ......... - 41
lOOGranl 13400 42
100 ........ .: • 14100 ...........:....- 43
Kennedy 300 44
8id.... .............. 10 00 300 Bebastopol 60
Keystone. 300 48
Bid :..... 6500 Thorps .........
600 LockwoodLon.. 36 Asked 70
LOCAL KKCi:IUTIE9L
Bid 50 Spring Valley Water 98 60
Asked San Francisco Ga5................... 93 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. June 6-10:30 a. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Jlid. AtketL\ Bid. A iked.
US 4s c0up.. 108% _ US 4s reg...109y 8 —
.DonewissuelltJ 116Va ; < , ■
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. — 113 Paeßoll M6s. — —
Cal Elec L — 122% Do 2d Is 6j... — —
CntraCW6s»s 97 P*ORy6s.los 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 • 96 P»tohßy6». — 107
EdsnL«P6s - 123% Pwl-st RR6«. •— . 1161-%
FACHkR6s.IO4V<j — Reno, WUL - 106
Geary-stßss. — 105 Sacto PAL. — lOv!^
LoaAngL6s.,— 100 |Sh&NPR 55. 100 10X»4
DoGr,teedfl* - 103 |SPRKAru l'ti% 96%
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRRCaI Oa.lOd^Jlll
DoHyCons»..lo4 105 HPRRQaI 6s. — —
NatVln«slat 95 100 sPHrRCaIBs. 998/gIOO
NevCN«R7s. H5 105 sVWate «s.. — 119%
NPCRR64.IO3 110 SVWltMls.. 988/ 4 —
Rv 68.103 107iAStktnO&E8s — . 100
XBy Cal sb. — 100 Suns.TATOs 100 —
Oak Gas ss:. 101 104%Sotter-5tR5«.107% — ■ .
2d is 65.. - 106 VisallaWC6s - 9Z
Omnibus os. — 1-0 ;I >',
WATKK STOCKS. :
Contra Costa 37 y % 39 iSan J05e...... 75 100
Marln C 0.... 50 — (Sprng Valley 9«% 99
GAS STOCKS. :"
Capital 20 27 iPacinc Llcht.46»4 47%
Central . .95 • — 'Ban Fraticsco 93% 94 ■
Oak GL* H 62V4 5234 Stockton - • 21%
PaoGaslmp. — 86Vs . '
S . INSURANCE STOCKS. '
Fireman'sFdl6s 180 |Sun .....25 60 :
COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. . '
Amerß&TC. - ■'. - LondonP&A.l3BVilßo
Anglo-Cal../. 51% - London***'. - -iiy^
Bank of Cal.. 238 242y 8 Merch Ex... 12 —
Cal DATCo 65% ■■—■■■•■ Nevada...... - —
Fir.itNaionl.l7B 182Vi|S»t&er Co. - -
Grangers...'. —. . — , I •' ■ . . -
; -. ' SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
nerS&LCo. 1413 1500 ;Sav<feLoan.. — 100
Hunibis.ftL.lloo 1450 iSecurily H6O 200
Mutual — 40 Union Trust. 7so 800
SFSftvUnion — 485
BTBICBT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 110 iOakßL«*Hay — 100
Geary- st. — 55 IPresldlO 7 —
Murket-M.... 4SV4 44y 4 Sutter-»t — —
POWDEK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — IM/g Giant C0n.... 24 24i£
Eastern D... — IS-V2 Judson U.,.. — —
California.... 75 — Ivigorit. 60c 95c
: . MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. — 100 iNatVinCo.. — — .
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 24^
Cal cot Mills '"—■: — Pre Aux A 1 '■ -
Cal Dry Dock - . — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Kdison LlKhtll9S/ B i2o ■ Pac Roll Mill - - —
Gascon Assn. ; — — jParf PaintCo 6V4 i 7 Va
Lead Co. 95 — iPacTr nsCo. — 24
JTawC&SCo.. 20*4 20% Pac T<fcT Co. 55 70 j
Hutch SPCo 24% 25 Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerKxAssn.loo 110 |Unlted C Co. - 25
' SALK8 — MOSXIN'U BK&tltJN*
"Board— ......
,10 Edison Light A Power Co ....'.. 119 75
40 Hutchinson a P C 0.... 24 69
50 do -do : , 24 *2Vt
50 do do 2i 87Va
160 do do 25 00
75 do do, b3: ; 26 CO :
26 do do. b5.... 25 00 .
25 Hawaiian Commercial 20 00 .
50 do do. b 3.... 20 00 '
50 Oakland Gas, b 10. 62 60
1 SF Gaslight 93 50
30 do do .....' 94 01'
25 SV Water 98 87*£
$5000 S V 4% Bonds ..i;. ......... 98 87y a
Street— :: , • . .
' 60 Edison Light & Power C 0............" 119 76
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
C. P. coast ax d geodktkj sciivjcr TriJß)
BuLT-KTrN PDBI.ISHRD BT OFFICIAL V
AUTHOIUTY OF THE SUPKRINTJCItDKXT. )
Sunday June 7.
Sunrises 4.47! Moon rises 1.53 am
Sun sets 7.31 1 Moon sets
June-1896.
:>otk— in the above exposition of the tides the
tarty morning tides art; given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence a? to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, ana the last or right
hand column give* the last tide of the day, except
when tn it- are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractlve
from Ih° f!P"th »'tpii hr up ch*r« |
HYDROLOGICAL BULLETIN.
JbKANCH H YDROdEA fltlo OFFICR. U. S. N. \
Merchants' Exchavor. V
Ban Francisco. June 6. 1891 J"-'
The time ball on Telegrapn Htli was dropped
exactly at noon to-«lay— i. c., at noon of the 12Utn
meridian, or exactly at 6 r. m., Greenwich tlma.
A. F. i"KCHTKL-t:i.
Lieutenant V. a. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Alii veil .
SATURDAY. Jnne 6.
Btmr Whltesboro, Jonnson, 14 Hours from
Greenwood; rr ties and lumber, to L E White Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen, 72 hours from New
port; ballnst to Caspar Lumber Co. - .
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 18 honrs from Cas
par, lumber and r r ties, to Caspar Lumber Co.
StmrLaguna, Peterson, 19 hours from Bear
Harbor; r r ties, to t'ollard * Dod^e.
Stmr 8t Paul, Green, 70 nours from Newport, etc ;
pass and mdse. to Good all, Perkins & Co.
Br bark Almora, Tnompson, 109 days from Hull,
via South Shields 166 days; mdse, to Meyer, Wil
son & Co.
Hark Kate DavenpOrt, Reynolds, 10 days from
Port Blakeley; lumber, to Renton, Holmes <& Co.
Bxin Chebalis, Simonsen, 26 days from Hako
date: 13.019 bugs br mstone, t>S l, Jones A Co. •
Bktn Monitor, TurlofV, 1 1 days from New What
com; 260 M ft lumber, to Cbas Nelson.
Brl« Courtnev Ford, MacLeod. 17 days from
Kahulul; 10.500 bass sugar, to Allen & Lewis.
»cbr John D Tallaut, Hoffland, 110 days from
Kahutol; 15,700 bags sugar, to Allen * Lewis.
sohr Sparrow, Dart, 6 days from Eureka;
lumber, to J R Hanify.
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, 16 hours 'from Albion;
78 M ft lumber, to J S Klin ball.
schr Lizzie Vance. Hardwick, 8% -days from
Port Gamble: limn er. to Puget Sound Mill Co.
Schr Annie Israeli, White, 9%duys fm Tacoma;
lumber and laths, to Hanson & Co. Oakland
direct.
Schr Queen, Edwardson, '10 days from Port
Ha Hock: lumber. 10 W J Adams.
Bchr Alice Cooice, Penhallow, 21 days from Ka
hulul: 21.300 bags sugar, 148 bbls molasses, to
Allen & Lewis.
Cleared.' »
SATURDAY, June 6.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Nay Co. • .  ■> '-V
StmrMtneoia,Pillsbury, Comox; Pacific Imp Co.
Stmr Bertha, Hays, Sand Point; Alaska Com
mercial Co. -' • .' ■■"■■• ' ' ■•
. Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
* Stmr Alice Blauchard, Dunham. Portland: NP 8
8 Co. •-; • • ::.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Goodall, Perkins
A Co.
Bktn S G Wilder, McNeill. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond&Co. ■ . -
schr Equator, Rand elm, Chfgnik Bay; Joseph
Hume. . bfitKHS
Sailed.
SATURDAY, June 6.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Jeanle, Mason, Herschel Island via Port
Clarence. ■ • . •
Stmr North Fork. Hansen, Eureka.
StmrGeo Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Bertha. Hays, sand Point. ' ,
Btmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka.
Stmr Alice Blanc-hard. Dunham, Portland.
I Stmr Del None, otockfleth, Grays Harbor.
- Stmr Albion. Lunaqulst, Westport.
; sh p Sp«r:au. Polite, Seattle. •.
Schr Otllllie Fjord, Segathorst, Grays Harbor.
• ' Schr Bobolink. Nelson. Mendoctnn. •
Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, Grays Harbor.
Scbr Elvenla, Johnson. ■ .•
Schr Arthur I, Krog, Nehalem River. • .
!*clir Ma .Sctinauer, Nie'sen, Port Clarence.
' bchr Eureka, Wlrschuleit, Coquille River.
■ OhiirttTH.
- The Br ship Cardiganshire is chartered for wheat
to Europe, 25« —is 3d less direct; Br ship Celtic
burn. 27s 6d— ls 3d less direct— August loading.
The Br ship Aii.-ti-aiia loads wheat at Portland
for Europe. 265; bktn J M Griffith, lumber at Seat
tle for Honolulu:; ship John A .Uriggs, lumoer at
Port Blakeley for Cork, 655. " . .
Telegraphic.
POINT I.OBOS, June 6-10 p. v.— Weather,
hazy ; wind NW ; velocity. 20 mile*.
Spoken.
May 22— Lat 49 N, lons 24 W, Br ship Andre ta,
from Oregon, for Queensiown
May 10-Lat 31 N, ion? 39 W, Br bark Powys
Castle, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
lioinoHtio Ports.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 5-Schr Sailor
Boy, from Redondo. ■"-■.. ' 
COOS BAY— Sailed June 6-Stnar Arago, for San
Francisco. ■ • . .
■ PORT X) AMBLE— SaiIed June 6— Scbr Hueneme
for San Pedro. . : • • '
EUREKA— Arrived June Q— Stmr Pasadsna, fm
San L'odro. • ' ■ . ' ' ' ;
COOS BAY— Sailed June 6-Schr ; Western
Home, for >an Francisco. n^MJU'irgMn'JVWPHBfMII
COLLINS LANDING-Sailed Jnue B— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
- FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 6— Stmr Rival,
hence May 5. . -; ~ : '/..'- ; ' ,
Balled June 6-Stmr Noyo. for San Francisco.
LOMPOC— Sailed June|6— Schr Nettie Sundbor?,
for !San Kranctsco.
ASTußla— Sat)«wT June tf— Br bark luverness
shire, for Queensiown.
BOWKNh |LA:s'JJiNG-Sailed June 6— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
MENOOCIXO- Arrived June 6-Schr W S
Pheips, hence May 30.
Foreign Port«. '-■ t ''s? '-•.,.-
NANAIMO— SaiIed June 6-Ship Eiweli, foe
San Francisco. • ' ' •
* FALMOUTH-Arrived June B-Br ship Ban
nock burn, from Oregon- Br ship Cape York, hence
Jan 16 . ' .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June s— Br ship Eaton
Hall, from Tacoma.
QVKEXSTOWX-Arrlved June s— Nor* shin
Hiawatha, hence Feb 6; Ger bark J,\V. Burmeis
ter, from Oregon: Br bark Gifford, from Tacoma;
Br Dark In veramsav, hence Jan 11.
HAMBURG— MaIIei June ' 3— Br ship Pass of
Brand er, tor Santa Rosalia.
*ISLI3 OF WIGHT- Passed June 2— Br ship
Manchester, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived June 6-ichr Prosper,
from Port Blakeley.
1 importation*.
NEWPORT— Per St Paul-405 bxs oranges, 208
bxs lemon?. 6 sks chili peppers. •
Hueneme— l bx raisins, 1 b.t tobacco.
Ventura— ll pkgs household goods, Ibx grocer
ies, IB bxs drugs, 67 bxs oranges, 65 bxs lemons, 1
bx bu.ter.
East ban Pedro— 3 bxs curios, 1 bdl curios, 1 balo
hose.
San Pedro— lo sk s chili peppers, Ibx coffee, 307
sks corn.- s . - ; .- . ■ •
Carpentaria— s sks cbi:i peppers. •
Santa Barbara— l cs syrup, Ics clothing, 2 pkgs
paper ba:s, -19 bxs lemoas. 1 bale rubber goods, 1
bx ten. 1 pkg paper, 22 bxs oranges.
Gaviota— 3 bxs butter.
Port Uarford— l iron furnace, 49 butter, 11
cs cheese, 1 os dry goods. 1 bx beeswax, 6cs eggs,
1670 sks beans, 431 sks bran, 4 bxs Ash.
Cayucos— l sack Ics dry goods, 69 bxs butter, 8
cs eggs, 14 dressed calves.
San Simeon— 6 tubs 55 bxs butter, 7cs egas, 1
cs cigars. 11 hides. 4 calves. . -
Monterey— 6 mat? rice, 1 galvanized tub.
Con«itnem.
Per St Paul— CampodonicoA Malcolm: G F Bow
man; McDonough dt Runyon: LSciuenaACo; \V
Cluff <fe CO; Evelethkfe Nash: Minuker vfe Wel
b^nfcs; L G Breaovich <fct'o: X R Stevens A Co; D
W Shell in er; Gould & Jmidin: Dauon Bros; Cut
ter <fc Mosely j Gray <fc Barbieri ; Bowers Rubber Co;
Andres Goozalrts; Pacific OdAsl Syrun Co: i-amuel
Bros & Co; X !i Emerson; Aljen <k Lewis; Gordan
Jt Co; American Kiscmt Co; Levl Spie.-el & Lo; A
J Blmmel&Co; R H Davis; C.A Fay: Page «fc
Co: A Ftt-isbn»ckor; Jones <S Co: W T CHrrotl; A
Levy <S*Co: Goodyear Rubber to: Standard t)i!Co;
American Union Fish Co; Wbeaton, Breon A Co:
Murk Levy A Co; Wilson Bro;: John Tavlor A Co;
J Ivaiicovlbb ifct o; H N Tilden ct Co; C Adams;
Hills Bros: H Dmard; Hilraer. KrodholT A Schulx:
Brigham. Hoppe&Co: Dodge, ■'Sweeney A Co : C O
Han <s Son: J P Thomas: Witzel A Baker: F Crt
<fe Co; Ross* Hewlett: L D Stoiif >t (i>: I'nion Ice
Co: Dallou Bros; De Bernard! & Co; a Wyss;
Marshall, Teggurt A Co; M T freitas A Co: Harris,
BrolACo: Lanstlev A Michaels: Getzßros&Co;
FBHaigtu: sinsheimer Bros; E R Stevens A Co;
Erlanger <fc Giiliuger: Murjihy. (irant ACo-.WUIar.l
Bros: O B Smith A Co: ChaS Montgomery A Co;
C E Whitney A Co; Dairymen's Union: G Mlglla
vaca; Goodall. Perkins & Co: Western Meat Co:
FBHalght; H Kirchhiaun & Co; \V B feuuiner
A Co.
For Lair Shipping Intriltprnce fife Fourteenth Pno'.
OCTSAW STEAMSHIPS.
ASTORIA ANlPpßpil
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS. AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
fetats of California sails Jnne 2, 12 anil 22
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and '11
From Hpear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
tOOPALL, PEKKINB <fe 00., OJenl. Supts.
*'. i. L'ON.NOR, ' Ueneral Asent.
.. 630 Market street.
PAQFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
— -TO—
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND. .
XPlx-0-t Class . . . /. dO.OO
Second Class .6500
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Streak
GOODALL, PERKIXS A CO.,
Goiipral A (rents.
PACIFIC coast STtmSfllP COffIPAIY
STEAMERS WILL KAIL FROM Aflg>
__ Broadway wharf, bau Francisco, as •*^&^?r
follows: ; ••" -- ; ■
. For Mary Island. Lorlnsr. Wrant^L Jnneao. Kll-
lisnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), a; a a. v., June 3,
IS, 18. v:8 July 3, IN, is. •_•?.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
fend, BeatUe, Tacoma, Everett, A nacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellinirham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
June a '. la. ix. 25.--.2rt. ana every flfttt
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlta
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Seattle with U. N. lty., ay Port Townsend wlta
Alaska steamers. -■
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. m., June 2. a. 10,.
14 1-22.2' a i and every fourth (lav thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucoi.
Port Harfont (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, Sau Pedro. East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jum»
4. 8. la, 16, 2y, 2-1. -8 and tvery Jour;a day there-
after. - : , ' • . •
For San Diego, stopping; only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port . Lot
Angeles, Bedondo (Los Anueles) and Newport, 11
a. m.. in '■ 3. 6. ]«, 14; .8, 22, 21$, 3U ana every
fourth day thereafter.'- ■
For Knseuaria, San Jose del Cabo, Mazattaa, Li
Paz. Altata and Guayniai (Mexico), s:r. Odz^bA.
10 a. k.. June 2, 27, ana 26tuui eac.'i month there-
afr r. ■ • . > -
Ticket office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
street.
. i GOODALL, PERKIXS A CO., Gen'l AcentV
10 Market »v - San Francisco. .
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRISBATL AUTiqDB
: French Lln» to Havr<».
/IOJtPA>"Y'BiPI£R/NEW).42>'uRTH
\J River, foot of .Morton st. Traveler* by w&sjjp
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ».ii
j the discomfort of crossing the channel baa small
I boat. New YorK to Alexandria. Kgyp:, via Path
first-class t>'J: second-cluss, $116.
i A TOT' i! A INK. Capl. Saatelll....May 'it, 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May 23, 8 A. it.
LA GASUOUNE ...Ju c UP, 7 a. X,
LA .nOi. -MiU..,.» July 4. 6 a. vi.
LA GAfOOONK..... July 23. 11 a. M.
LA NOR f/ iXDI", .... August 1, sa. H.
LA BOURGOONE. Cnpt. I>b >."i? . June 6, 7 a. K.
tfjf For further particulars apply to
. .■ . ... ■- A. FORiiKl', Apent.
fso. 380 . j r) .., Green, New Yor*.
I J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agen'.s. ft .Moutgiaiarr
| »venue. San Francisco. .
_ .
OCEANIC S.S. CO. jPV v days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, L* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, . !i » T
AUSTRALIA. %J? $.S. AUSTRALIA.
s.S, AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU on y. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra es. :
H. f. ALAM^DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 p. if.
Line ;o COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. • ■
J. I). BPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Acts. I
• 114 Mo-itKOmerv it.
Freight Office. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
WHITE .STAR IKE.
United States and Royal Mall Steamers
. '-• :• V - nmn
New York, Queen stown & Liverpool,
S>AlLl>'U EVEKV \»KHh. «
CABIN, AND t'PWARtv ACCORD- js^a
ins; to steamer and accommodations SMmHB
select*!; second cabin, 35 and «40; M««,.taiil
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from Kngland, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway %nd Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
Milling dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market streak
■•tor (imd Hotel. , g. vv. FLETCHER. •
■ General Agent tor Pactflo Coast.
ROYAL MAIL STEAS_PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIXWALL AfjO^
fortnlßhtly for the West Indies and "»rMMg
Southampton, calling eh . route at . CTbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. .
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mall 8. 8. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
• Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
I "Cherbourg, Southampton. ''-First class, $195; third
class. $97 60. For further particulars apply to
Class, ♦»< paRROTT * CO., Agents,
306 California at,
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No.' 3, Washington St.,
At 5 I*. if, Daily. ■
Sunday at 7 P. AI.
tgr Accommodations .Reserved by Telephone. '
•, :-• :.■ ;■. . b'JL'jiAJttJBKS: - • _
T. C. Walker, ; ; J. I), refers,
Alary. Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nov. aud Impu C»
fALLEJO, HIRE ISL4ID; -*BEHCU, PON
COSTA AM CROCKKTT.
STB. MONTICELtO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:Bo a. »
■• »ad.4 P. it ; Saturday, 10:30 a. St., 3:30 r. «l
H^K-only. Sunday-» r. 1C : . .
*♦ r. v. only.
Landing, Mission 1. Fitrt.
3132
ELECTRIC-CARS
NEED PROTECTION,
Alexander McAdie of the
Weather Bureau Sees
Danger.
FLASHES ON THE WIRE.
They May Strike a Car in a
Lightning Storm and Cause
Damage.
FOLSOM PLANT BURNED OUT.
Pacific Coast Systems Not Provided
With Proper Guards — Insurance
Men Anxious.
When Alexander McAdie, who is re
puted to be the best posted map in the
Weather Bureau on lightning and its
associated phenomena, came to. San Fran
cisco he felt that his specialty in meteor
ology would have little or no opportunity
for development. The Pacific Coast was
•so popularly believed to be free from light
ning the only prospect for the enthusiastic
young scientist was one of making fore
casts for an unappreciative public and ex
perimenting with Pacific Ocean toss.
The day of his arrival in San Francisco,
however, he was greeted by a vivid tnuu
derstorm. It was merely toy lightning
and thunder when compared with what
he had reveled in back East, and did not
rise in his mind to the dignity of a storm.
With the passing of time Mr. McAdie
realized that there was much for him to
do in his particular line.
Investigations have proved that his
work can be of inestimable value to elec
tricians of the Pacific Slope, and indeed
accidents through lightning withfn a year
or two have impressed upon him the im
portance of reaching a better understand
ing with regard to thunderstorms west of
the Rocky Mountains.
The necessity for this knowledge, it is
said, has grown of late with the introduc
tion of electric street-car systems ana elec
tric power-generating plants with their
high potentials, complicated machinery
and network of wires. Ignorance of the
method? of grappling with lightning
has been betrayed in more than
one instance, and now electricians
and even insurance companies are
applying for information on the subject.
They have gone so far as to apply to the
Weather Bureau expert for his advice.
"Recently," said he, "the electric-power
plant at Folsom which supplies Sacra
mento with power and light was burned
out by lightning. The lightning struck
the wires connecting Sacrampnto with the
works and was carried in upon the lines.
The result was the plant at Folsom was
burned out. Such a thing had not been
looked for, of course, but it came when
least expected. This indicates that elec
tricians must not neglect all possible pre
cautions for the safety of their works.
"Now, I believe it is a fact that no elec
tric-car sj'stem on the Pacific Coast is pro
vided with the proper precautions against
danger by lightning as those beyond the
Rockies are fixed. Insurance companies
have taken op this matter and are investi
gating its possibilities. East of the Rock
ies all electric cars are provided with
'choke coils' and lightning arresters.
"The coils are properly named, as they
serve to choke lightning on the wires from
iloing damage to the car and its passen
gers, and the arresters stop the stroke.
But here we have none of these appli
ances, I suppose because no danger is ap
prehended.
"Is there any cause for fear from this
source?" he was asked.
"It depends entirely upon the intensity
of the storm,' was Mr. McAdie's reply.
"As a rule the lightning is not intense
enough here to do damage. And yet an
electric- storm may come along here some
day and the lightning strike where least
emected. Of course it is not advisable to
create uneasiness in the public mind. I
am speaking now of possibilities, though
we have more than one instance of dam
age to electric systems on this coast. 1 '
TWO GIRLS DISAPPEAR.
The Human*- Society . Seeking Minnie
Murray and Lena Jacobs, Who I.*
caped From the Sheltering: Arms
Minnie Murray and Lena Jacobs, aged
respectively 13 end 16 years, disappeared a
few days ago from the care of Sister Julia
at the Sheltering Arms Home on Harri
son street.
The case has been given to General Me-
Comb of the Humane Society, out as yet
not the slightest clew has been found to
indicate the whereabouts of the girls.
Minnie was reprimanded for some in
fraction of the rules just previous to her
disappearance and was punished by being
compelled to forego an afternoon's outing.
The same day she escaped from the home
accompanied by the Jacobs girl, who came
from Sebastopol, Sonoma County.
Minnie would be pretty well known in
the City, as she has been "more or less un
der the control of the society for some
time. Letters of guardianship had been
procured for ncr by Sister J ulia, who took
an interest in the girl and desired to take
her away from her father.
"Some years ago," said General Me-
Comb, "'the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children carried the case into
the Superior Court for the purpose of get
ting the child away from the custody and
influence of her father. We were success
ful and Minnie was placed in the Shelter
ing Arms."
THAT CHOSEN FENDER.
It Is Said to Have a Remarkably Good
History In Many Eastern Cities.
The Hunter fender, which was recom
mended for use on the streetcars of this
City by the Health and Police Committee
of the Board of Supervisors, meets with
general approval on tbe part of such of
our citizens as have visited Eastern cities,
one of whom said : "It is in use in
Cleveland, Cincinnati, Toledo, Dayton,
Covington, St, Louis, Chicago and many
other large Eastern cities. Its history is
that in no instance has there been either
injury or death where it has been in use,
but it has proven itself to be a lite-saving
device in every emergency. The principle
on which it is constructed appears to be
simple and correct. Provision is made to
protect people from injury by the first
concussion.
"A cluster of steel springs immediately in
front of tbe car is so arranged as to merely
shock a person when struck and to throw
him out of harm's way. If this should
fail and the victim fall, a scoop-like spring
underneath the car picks the body up and
saves it from further injury. The people
of San Francisco will be pleased to know
that a device has at last been adopted that
will save them from wholesale destruction
and wi'l naturally commend the wisdom
which has selected a fender which has
proved its efficiency by successful trials in
80 many of the large Eastern cities."
NEW TO-DAT. _^ - _.
y ' ' r - » — - ; •■■-_••• . ■ ■; • .. ■ ■ •"• -;.••■ .. • ■■ ■■ : ' ■ ' x
xf? W®D 1 FOUR IMPORTANT EVENTS 1 ?
_IP '^M 1 MARK THE OPENING OF I %
% M '■■.■•■ I ' A GREAT WEEK. I • . 8
9 m*lsL *'\* *M \ J 6<MX>oo<><>o<><>oo<X><KX>oooo<>oooo6 <X><><><><H><><><>OO<X><>OO<><>O<K>O<K>6 <X>OO<XK><XXXX>o<X><>O<><><>OO<X><XH>^ hqu m s a e^ls p t RS I I
I *WflMd&r WIND=UPSALE SPECIAL SALE I an j housekeepers- ||
I- «feSS_f\ xHrr/ I — of the — AX l■s e ° — of — ESS 8 ? EVENT I % sheetSwcases. g I
6 'SS^fl^Y MAYER CLOAK f f COLOREn DRESS | | Hn^7> v I . i^^T^Tr^^ I 9
6 &&sm^ I STOCK. I I GOODS. HOSIERY.- I pHfcETSandCASES. 2 X
V O<>O<XX>CKKH><X)<X>O<>CKKK>o<iO<><><>of ■■ ■ SoOOOOOOOOOOOhOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 6<><>oK><X><X><><><>O<X>o<K>oOoO<K><><>o3 $00«<><>0<><><><K>0<XK>000<><>000<>006 (J)
IIF THE PRICES QUOTED BELOW SHOULD Mil YOU INCREDULOUS WE CM ONLY SIT AS WE ALWAYS SAY— "COME AND SEE, HANDLE, COMPARE," |
t MAYER STOCK. DRESS GOODS. • HOSIERY. ______ SHEETS AND CASES 1
I " MAYER ' STOCK; DRESS GOODS. SPECIALS. HOSIERY. jSHEETSAND CASES :|
®® r/ *.''- U>.' • • . mtM.im.unmvrnwnnap «^o «» PILLOW CASES, 45x36 inches, torn by <$($
|xf 39 LADIES' BLAZER JACKETS, tan, CQC HEAVY TWILL MIXED TWEED ' "-£il____ '' ' __ LIA VI^%,Z^'Ji?I T finifhprt uirhP hand, dry ironed, well hemmed, fine lAC ••
§K» blue and black. Commencing this sale *JU SUITINGS, full 36 inches wide and OCC : T — — Glove. Nottlmcb'mLace il! Waco yarn, 1 h7» i, hed,^ Kiche- ICC muslin, in every way satisfactory for 1U ft®
*f they were 75c. Keduced to Each all wool, sod all season for 45c; ZO A ■ pique stitched! LACE Curtains, 36 . ™«ul_r «?Mk?n_^ ImS3 SS 15 15c-Special sale price... Each*«
«® special sale price. ...;.; Yard KID » row embroider- rrRT . TVS | '"^ea by S aOC prfce....;...... .? „ . . .f *. . . f .^. . *- . . ff. . . Pair • >*&* '.V.;- ft®
®| 29 LADIES' JACKETS, double-breasted - . . T «^o d bacK, colors CURTAINS aSd lenT? P c 48 • PILLOW CASES; 45x36 inches, hem- •: g>|
WS effects, light aad dark colors. Com-dgi. , FANCY CHECK ALL-WOOL SUIT- GLOVES tan, bra «n ana . . ciai:. ....'..... "EACH LADIES' BLACK LISLE HOSE, fine stitched and-ends. tprn by hand, heavy "I OIC *S
®A menclng this sale they were »1 50,^1— ings, 35 Inches wide, all staple «ICO ;I|*^ _??_ -6% very 50° . ' —LA quality, Hermsdorfl dye, high spliced ore muslin, the kind you expect. at 162/ 3 c 1Z 3 '•
®@ now • Each colors, worth 40c; special sa c ZO , . ferial PAIR : . Pure Para Hub- j • heels, double toes, regular 40c kind, . Lk> -Special sale price. Each|s
(•>(•) . . price • Yard , 3pec ber, 1 inch special sale price Pair . r : .- ; . £Jis>
%®. 19 LADIES' CAPES, 34. inches long, ■ r ; : r . • . n ._„_„ w . ld 5\ olor . s '— PILLOW CASES, no dressing, torn by hand to d/A
<9M _B»Kbt and dark colors. Our price at©9.35 ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT SUITINGS, our OCC • * KIJIM . • fiJ'lit blue red LA.DIES' FANCY COTTON HOSE, the insure a perfectly straight hem after washing. §£g
%lfiL commencement of sale $8 50. i»rlce<fl)^ regular 50c line, all new this season, OO 24 inches wide. A a«*TTC and ye I low kind that suit at 35c, black boots, . fine muslin-Special sale prices: g^g
«<g to close Each 36 inch: special sale price, :.. Yard CHECK yard will hold a _ _•• JiLAS - 11 '' "alue'sVica re ' opera colored tops, military ribbed, Op:C 45x38% inches ; 17 1-2cEach £yg
■*-■', -= ■ • ■ quart of wet. 11 C . . , yard sale O spliced heels an i toes, a fine stocking, -.0 50x401/2 inches. .~..;J.. 20c Each S3
II 49^» D SS;JSLf6OSS.« M . a li aS .95 NOVELTY SUITINGS, an Inline 38 CAC TOWE_ING .•g^ecg.!f YARD P^' • YARD J^^J^L^^^ ' ™* "-«>%•»«•"■ = •»!-•• J=_eh ||
|| n.enciug this sale they were ,2 50,* 1— 1 " Yard" ] .., .—- Cove red with ~ LADIES' MACO COTTON HOSE, extra PILLOW CASES, 54x36 inches, regular ICC If
S« now *- acn ■ Heavy Italian . fine quality, silk finish, fast black and ' 20c kind, hemmed and torn by hand- ID Svg
5«33! —— " _______________ — — — cloth, boned all new tan shades, plain or Kiebelieu O,"^C snoriii ««!(• nrir« Fimh /f(/<
®* -69 LADIES' JACKETS, in tan and blue, 9. 95 FRENCH SERGE, black and navy, bleached,- 62 .C. P. ' with real ribbed, high spliced heels and double -J«-> opeciai saie price _acn (•){•)
®<0 double-breasted, some all silK lined. worth 8&c full 50 inches -vide and CAC TABLE inches wide, _ whalebone, toes, special sale price Pair ' -
®A They were $3 50, now Each made of the finest grade of wool; O\J . heavy German QQL CORSETS long waist, n BLEACHED SHEETS, heavy sheeting, torn by *.*
®S) ' special sale price Yard DAMASK linen, regular soc jtJt/ drab only, J> 1 .00 ladies 1 FRENCH LISLE HOSE, hand, no dressing, all ready for use-special ••
<S 17 PLUSH JACKETS. Commencing© X .95 -■ quality, special. ■ . * AKU wer* $_ 50, «JT 1 -— extra quality. black and tan shades, _„ »a{e prices: , /S
V this sale they were «7 50, now <t)O A VERY HEAVY TWILL STORM _TC : 1 B P eclal EACH plain or Kichelleu ribbed, spliced QOIC 72x90 inches 42c tach y
O Each . SERGE, 60 inches wide, in black and DO ' . ' m blacic and heels and toes, good value for half 003 81x90 inches «C Each *X
V navy, worth 90c; scecial sale price...- Yard BegoU- la^cyart. ' drab? snort a dollar, SPECIAL^ALE price Pair 90x90 inches. "."VVrr 49c Each V/
0 THE FOLLOWING TWO ITEMS ARE KICVOLE "duck finish, LATHES' length, long [«_-»-_._»._ «.m nnTTnn trneu "SHITPTs hpnntltph«i .nnd n»iip nf hl«»rh«i O
1 FRESH NEW GOODS BOUGHT FROM ALL OF OUR DOLLAR BLACK AND 7 CC &££% Shed* do.s and 81° CORSETS £&_*£«* q u^y nar^ribbedS OCC * H ™£*nt£stoft*£%s*^&^ X
2AS KASTEHS MASUFACTUKKE AT F__ /T _*? LUJS S ( '^, '»" 55 ™ sIITINGS smpes, spec.al vlkd CORSETS P^L, „„ S and Tan sh'adesVsizes « I to 8%. -?O lainchei^i^llltlffilX
A SACBIFICE PRICES. inches wide; srecaUale price Yard S_£__M»W£2 P ri <* ■ — Pair 63x90 inches *«c EacU X
v/ ' _, ■ " ■ -. $1 50 special! X VCH '— : ■ 81x90 Inches «- Kach \J
X r- . • ; $1 o», special ! '. t>ov«» T?r a _ rnTTnN HOSE narrow 90x90 Inches. ••.....5 Each JL
Q 78 LADIES' SUITS, in bl*cfc and navy OniIUTDV nilOTMimO llflTinr ' , Nottlngh , m , --., — BOY * w ) d , C orduroy ribbed l spliced lieels 90x99 inches. 65c Each Q
X S2H3&&KBS COUNTRY CUSTOMERS NOTICE. MOTO _, p_Mß| w IMB 33 ESSSHSH. 25 c»»B«___«is_.._-._. .6
V bkirt 5 yds and lined throughout wither. oo LKGGINS and black, were IJ _.A_JC yaws white 10 price ........ Pair size, Marseilles patterns, extra heavy, QQC I
0 cP OurCK-toVcfes0 u r C K-t0 V cfe $ .l^.! 8 . 3 * & _5: •We have an efficient Mail Order De- _—_ fl 25. special .■■[ " PAIR CURTAINS a'n&u^l^T^.BO .'" ''— "" ' M" $1 35 •»»""-*«- i? eh 0
A •.■/.'•■ - partraent to serve your every need. uar $2 qual- 1— CHILDREN'S MACO COTTON HOSE, .. Price.. tach X
N_ 67 LADIES' BOUCLE JACKETS, very Order advertised goods as early in the .. ; L lty. special. ■■ PAIR . a high quality . hose, Mace- cotton, nar- ma FSSPRfIds"7BxBB inches <n. Iso id
A ' -: : k ■ PARASOLS dies, regular 85c, DO H'DK'FS very elabor- I^2 '— — : : . : — — — ■ A
Jf ' '■ ~~" — ~~ ; : . . , — — ' special ■ EACH ate, special.. EACH ,«« V V .'•*."•"'■.
gm ______ '96 Novelties — ii -^**^"*fc
%# _^ ¥_T >_k _^^ Sm Orris Root Butter- HAIR Side Combs . *r f f Sf S f♦*
#_ I / _r _^_T _^ -r _r TOILET milk, a high- . and one Hairl / /. // f f^f jfi.
%9 V^ /_f X_r _r _}__X^ e rade tollet lv2 ' ORNAMENTS Ornament. V/ /_ // X Y^T V
6 *-—Tf~S*> pf* f sfr~V~>ym /• SOAP b^^r^io 0 £ h orth set 3sc: 19 C /^^>//a> r£" / />K>7h- / o
\ <Z^(Z^CCOvUZT. ! MADk-Rx"cT- 8E CUytAyy /w, |
X / incorporated. 937 = 945 MARKET SI. \/ ' INCDKPOMTED ? ! :r7; ;X
$0000000000<)00<<MX><><>00<><>0^
CALIFORNIA'S FESTIVAL.
Grand Preparations for the Cel
ebration at Mon
terey.
Queens of Beauty, Warships, Fan
dangoes and Bullfights the
Attractions.
Tbe committees having in charge the
arrangements for the celebration of the
occupation of California are meeting with
great success, and it is expected that by
July 7 old Monterey will be made more
attractive than ever before in its history.
Nothing will be spared to present all the
old-time scenes such as greeted the eyes
of the early American settlers in this State.
Some idea of the preparations were given
yesterday by Director-Generai Harry A.
Greene, who is at work night and day in
the cause. He said :
The celebration of the occupation of Califor
nia by Uncle Sam promises to be a great affair.
The latest decision of the people of Monterey
County for Goddess was in favor of Miss Grace
Burr, who will have the honor of represent
ing Monterey County in the ceremonies of
laying the corner-stone of the S'oat monument
and in hoisting Old Glory on the same pole on
which was first unfurled the stars and stripes
fifty years ago. Mrs. J. L. Laird, one ot the
treat-granddaughters of Admiral John D.
loat, has arrived in this City trom her home
in Philadelphia to attend the celebration.
Miss Kittie WertzbaugUer is in the lead for
Butte's Goddess, and in Yuba County the con
test seems to be between Miss Mabel Coombs
and Miss Oda M. Farren. Either of these
young ladies is qualified by her beauty and
general appearance to be a goddess. The
friends of the various county beauties are be
coming more earnest as the 7tn of July ap
proaches.'
A large fandango hall is being constructed
on the main street in Monterey, where old
time native tttuta will be employed and every
one may dance to his or her heart's content.
No admission will be charged for any enter
tainment*. Suitable landings for small boats
are being built for the convenience of people
visiting the warships which will be at anchor
in the bay.
A young lady is to be selected from Monterey
and one from Pacific Grove, who will carry a
large golden key in the grand parade of July 7
to suggest that the freedom of the cities named
is offered to all.
Mln Daisy Smith of Monterey is in the lead,
with Miss Rose Abrego a close second, in the
contest for the city's representative. The
country papers are printing a coupon in each
issue, good for one vote, and the interest Is
becoming exciting. Handsome headquarters
have been fitted up and decorated on Alvarado
sireet, Monterey. The furniture therein is all
of ancient make, having been brought to this
country before 1840 from foreign parts and
loaned for the occasion.
Director-General Harry A. Greene is ar
ranging for additional accommodations,
by steamers and tents lor tUe visitors, and
attending to other important matters.
S. H. Daniels, secretary of the general
committee, leaves to-day for Monterey to
consult with the local committee and also
to fit up the quarters which have been en
gaged for the California Pioneers, who will
keep open house for their members. Many
Native Son Parlors have notified their
intention to participate in the parades.
Ex-Mayor L. R. Ellert, president of the
finance committee, will call upon San
Francisco's patriotic citizens to-morrow to
secure their assistance. The management
is determined that none shall be robbed by
overcharges. No advertising will be al
lowed in parades or on me programmes.
Miss C. C. Vivian of Sacramento has de-
Bigned a striking poster for distribution.
It shows a young Indian girl in simple
pown and bare-footed, holding a dancing
bear by a garland of California poppies.
Beneath is printed:
184H— California's Jubilee— lß96. Monterey
July 4 to 7, 1896. *
Among the other features will be one
tbat promises to be not only unique but
dangerous. In these days a genuine bull
fight would not be permitted, but a sub
stitute has been made. The management
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 7, 1896.
will find the wildest fighting bull that the
State can produce. Instead of torturing
the beast with small darts, spears, etc.. the
toreadores will vie with each other to see
who can put the most rings, with colored
streamers attached, over his knobbed
horns. The final act will be to place a
beautiful wreath orer the animal's necK
instead of driving a sword into him.
P_rk Music To-Day.
Following is the choice programme prepared
for the open-air concert at Golden Gate Park :
'■Junior Hrompnaiie March 1 ' A. (J. Kaufman
i Indicated to '97 class, Stanford University.)
Overture, "Koaamuiule" Schubert
"Scenes Alsaciennes le Dimanche Soir". .Massenet
"Tentazioni Valzcr' Boloenesl
I'otpourri of the _ate Popular Songs of the Day
Beyer
Overture, '-L'Etoile dv N'ord" Meyerbeer
Trombone quartet, selected
A'.essrs. Tobin, ."cheiner, Itellman and Pruefer.
Selection, "Pagliacci" Leon C'avallo
Descriptive, hum ing scene Bucalossi
March, "The Iron Cross CL Horn
TROUBLES OF MRS. LEVIN
She Got a 'Rabbinical Decree of
Divorce From Her
Husband.
Then He Beat Her and She Was Ar
rested for Disturbing the Peace
and Being Insane.
Mrs. Lena Levin has been declared not
to be insane, but her marital troubles will
probably force her into that condition.
She was arrested about a week ago for
disturbing the peace and was released on
bonds. The case was called in Judge Con
lan's court two or three times, but she
failed to appear and a bench warrant was
issued for her arrest.
Yesterday morning she appeared in
court, but she was in such an excited state
that the Judge ordered her into custody,
so that she could be taken before the In
sanity Commissioners on Tuesday for
examination. Her attorney, William
Tomsky, took her before Judge Hebbard at
once, instead of waiting till Tuesday, and
he decided that she was perfectly sane.
Tomsky then gave bonds for her appear
ance in Judge Conlan's court, and she was
released from custody.
Mrs. Levin came here trom New York
with her husband, who is a tailor, about
three mouths ago. They did not live hap
pily together and five or six weeks ago
she cot a rabbinical decree of divorce from
Rabbi Markowitz. Such a decree is rarely
asked for, as it has no effect unless sup
ported by a decree from the civil courts.
When the husband became aware of
what she had done he beat her and she
swore out a warrant for his arrest on the
charge of battery. She went with the po
liceman who had the warrant to the house
of Samuel Adelstein, a music teacher on
Geary street, where she believed her hus
band was livine, but they were refused ad
mittance. Mrs. Levin got an order to
search the house and when she went back
sne claims that although she could not
hnd her husband she found a suit of clothes
belonging to him. This excited her and
she made a disturbance, which resulted in
her arrest.
All efforts to hnd Levin have been nn"
availing, as he is hiding to evade service of
the warrant for battery.
Was Untrue to Him.
George O'Brien was yesterday granted a
divorce from Matilda O'Brien on statutory
grounds. W. Asnton was mimed as corespond
ent. Judge Hebbard made the decree.
The l':in iiiptim Estate.
Marie L. Harrington has applied lor letters of
administration on the estate of her late
husband, Joseph W. Farrington, The properly
is valued at $3000.
STREETCARS FOR MAILS.
Will Soon Be in Service on
Three Routes in This
City.
They Will Be Handsome and Stately
in Raiment of White and
Gold.
Before the end of July San Franciscans
will be enjoying the sight of cars in rai
ments of brilliant white and gold gliding
over the three main arteries of the street
car system of the Market-street Railway
Company. They will be in the exclusive
service of Uncle Sam, and are to be used
to facilitate the distribution of mail mat
ter in this City and its expeditious trans
mission to outside points.
Three of these cars are now in course of
construction at the carshops of the com
pany at Twenty-ninth and Mission streets
as the result of a conf rence and agree
ment made between Postmaster McCoppin
DESIGN OF UNCLE SAM'S STREETCARS.
and Manager Vining of the Market-street
Railway.
These are to be experimental cars in
reality, and are to be operated over three
routes as follows:
Along Market and Hayes itreets, taking in
stations B and H.
Along Mission street and the South San
Francisco lines, taking in stations C, E and L.
Along Sacramento and Clay streets, taking
in stations A and r'.
All will have a common terminus at the
branch postoffice now in course of con
struction at the foot of Market street,
where, after these cars are in operation,
the great bulk of the work now being done
at the main office will be performed.
• Whije the mail section equipment of the
cars will be alike they will vary somewhat
in reference to their motor equipment, as
one car is to run on narrow-gauge cable
lines, one on broad-gauge cable lines and
the third on electric lines.
They are to be painted a brilliant white,
with gilt lettering and ornamental border,
and will pr. sent a striking, chaste and
handsome appearance.
Tney will be about twenty-six feet long,
five feet at each end being devoted to the
gripman and motormah respectively, and
the remaining sixteen feet being utilized
for the mail clerks, pigeon-holes for the
segregation of mail matter while the car
,is in transit and desks for the clerks.
Each car will cost between $'2500 ana
$3000, and in addition to Jthe necessary
mail clerks* will carry only the gripman
and motorman.
The basis of compensation has been de
cided upon, but will not be made public at
this time.
It is expected to have the three cars in
readiness for service durinp the latter part
of July. Should the service prove satis
factory additional cars will be added as
the necessities of the matter require.
Kolled Down an Embankment.
William Lee, a longshoreman, while drunk
yesterday afternoon rolled down an embank
ment at' Montgomery and Chestnut streets, a
considerable distance. He was picked up and
take- to the Receiving Hospital, where it v h
fouud that his only injury was a taceca
wound of the scalp and nose. His cloihii.^
was torn coming in contact with rocks.
IT WOULD NOT DRAW.
A Chimney In Berteling's House Had
No Outlet and Caused Much.
Trouble.
L. A. Berteling, the Kearny-street opti
cian, was not satisfied with fiats which he
rented to tenants. The flats were of an
older day and did not give entire satisfac
tion. The astute landlord engaged an
architect to design improvements that
would transform the house into an up-to
date residence, or, rather, couple of resi
dences. Then a contractor came along.
He 9aid he was hungry for the work, for
it was directly in his line, and Berteling
accommodated him.
The work went on nicely until at last
the flats became "modern," with orna
mental glass, iancy woodwork and all the
other appurtenances of nowadays inside
the four waits of a house. It looked beau
tiful. Mr. Berteling smiled. He was
pleased at the change, and felt still hap
pier when a prospective tenant came along.
Now this tenant was of a practical turn
of mind. So was the landlord, and to
gether they proceeded to test the drawing
qualities of the kitchen chimneys.
"It does not draw," the tenant remarked,
as smoke filled the house from a smolder
ing fire.
'•And it did not draw," added Berteling,
after being smoked out of the flats.
Another contractor was engaged to alter
the chimney, and he found that it had no
outlet. More than that, he discovered
three flues leading into a hole in the wall.
The original contractor presented his
bill for $1966, which was repudiated until
the second man's bill of $600 would be de
ducted. The parties could not agree, and
now there is an attachment on the prop
erty for $1966, and a suit pending between
Contractor Pavert and Berteling in the
Superior Court.
Met Death in an Elevator.
J. Morishita, a Japanese employed at the
Bay State oyster-house, 13 and 15 Stockton
street, was caught in the sidewalk elevator
yesterday morning and crushed to death.
Morishita has been in the habit of boarding
the elevator in the basement and riding to the
sidewalk above, opening the covering when it
came within reach. He attempted the same
thing yesterday, but the trapdoors refused to
work, and before he could reach the guiding
rope he was caugtit between the floor of the
elovator and the trapdoor. His cries brought
some of the attendants to the scene, but they
were too late to render any practical assistance.
Young People's Union Service.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock there will be r
grand union services of the Young People's
societies at the Christian Association Hall.
Mason and Ellis streets. The union meeting
will be addressed by S. M. Sayford of Boston,
one of the most prominent evangelists of the
United States. Special music. All young
people invited.
A little camphor dropoed on the hand
kerchief and closely held to the nose will
ofttimes break up a cold in the first stages,
lie peat the operation frequently.
FREE ACCESS TO SHELVES
Success of an Experiment at
the Mission Branch
Library.
Librarian Clark Intends to Introduce
It Elsewhere as Far as
Practicable.
The experiment of giving the public ac
cess to library shelves, which has been
made for some time past at the Mission
branch of the Public Library, has proved
a pronounced success; so much so thai
carpenters are now busy at the library,
1131 Valencia street, making alterations
and putting up shelves so that patrons of
the library shall have free access to all
books.
The Mission branch, which was the first
of the branch libraries established, has ;
now been successfully conducted for the j
past eight years, during which time its cir
eolation and number of books in the |
library have constantly increased. The
success of this branch, w_ich originated as
a private subscription library and was aft- i
erward turned over to the City, gave rise !
to the policy of the trustees in establishing I
branches in various parts of the City, i
There are at present five branch libraries, 1
wliich keep on hand a considerable num
ber of books, and serve as distributing
stations for books from the main library, j
Several changes have been recently
made in the various branches. The North
Beach branch, which has a monthly circu
lation of about 3000 books, has lately
moved to more commodious quarters on
Powell street. Within the past week a
branch has also been established at 720
Harrison street. This branch, situated in
a thipkly populated district of the City,
has met with such success that it promises
to Decome the busiest of all the branches.
Chief Librarian George T. Clark, when
seen yesterday, declared that the experi
ment of giving the public access to the
shelves had proved a great success at tbe
Mission branch. Said he:
"The result of throwing open the shelves
to the public has been the circulation of a
better class of books. When a reader hus
to be guided solely by the catalogue he
rarely goes outside of a certain circle of
authors with which he is familiar. When,
however, he has an opportunity to browse
at will he runs across a better class of
books than he otherwise would. The li
brary has suffered nothing from it, and
probably in the future the shelves will be
opened to the public at other branches,
and as far as possible at tne main library."
FRED YATES COMING.
• ~~~
He Will Get Here in Time to Attend
the Midsummer Jinks of the
Bohemian Club.
Fred Yates, t whose success as one of the
i leading portrait painters of London has
been fairly established, will visit San
Francisco this summer. He writes to
William Doxey that he will sail for New
York June 23 and there fill an engagement
which will probably take ten days of his
time. Then he will start lor California.
He will first visit Los Anceles, where his
father resides, and then come to San Fran
cisco.
Fred Yates began his career as an artist
in this City and gained local renown for
the excellence of nis work in the line of
painting portraits. Several highly-prized
cartoons in the Bohemian Club were
painted by Mr. Yates. He went abroad
ten years ago, and since then his work has
| won distinction in the Royal Academy
| and the Salon. He will reach this City
| about the time appointed for Holding the
I midsummer high jinKs of the Bohemian
» Club.
[ ||^_^Sj||L3i^l|]
| ofetfiySlr i
fcyiM
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
| his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
\ Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
; ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare? O-vi
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
©©©©©©©©©©©©©
SVITAUTYinMFNS
• _Z_kßBBtflniil_
%S&sS*&'t§i Failing Sexual W
®-Sf&ti"yi>\ -S% Strength in Old or/7\
■Sj _*/<B_ t :*■ Young -Men can be\fir
_ 2»- Jtffjyg^^ vir> QUICKLY and PERMA-/^
V s.// l iS^ r^>SiS: JUENTXY cured by xneKga
_S __/^l^_»'-J?_^S^ to a healthy, vigorous^
S MMM*KK Nervous 0
SiiP Debility |
S^lSWr Weakness Z
W AaHSW Varicocele ' g
• l i__Vs_l and all wasting 1 diseases, fej
VSi/ 1, 'F—^Tiin •ho» ld write to me for »tititf.~"
• IhavefcecnßclowOy^&jßjj^V^©
studantforniunyyoors f.V^}^»^S»* '.jJ. >^
(^oftiiehul)jf(;tof weak- jf VJ|W(|i>t - __ __l
Wness in men. the fact %j3&*y^kC-£r
2kis I was » sufferer my- ~&^^&:'2tE3 r mlm\
Bself. Too bashful to 2rT&/fc'vS^
®men or reputable phy- _Sl/j_N_/9w_y\ fcS|
/Jfcmen or reputable BXMTILJn/i^Mi\ — M
WBicians. I investigated /smmfM^\ W
®the subject deeply and <&» I W'&vffl/L Wl A
discovered » simple K»f/^S_*ffl^/ W
®but most remarkably Vt££i2s£. _jJM**^ _^
successful Remedy _fl
©that completely cured ■Mr v JhUj'SMtiL !2f
•me. and fully enlarged me TMfflflmi LV tiSk
from a shrunken, Rtunt«d ffljMti/JWjfth SB
©condition to natural size *' i V7i9U\n- y *(ir >Tk
and strength. litantOTsry f/Jr\\>M feol
•~~jounitorold to know r/JT V'l ?!»[
nhontit. I take a personal V.l\ \i r|
interest in snch coses, ar. d \.\l f|l .'KB'
®no one need hesitate to el Avi ' /?3|
write me, as nllcommnni- «f» - Vi «B
® cations are held strictly w l^r
confidential. 1 send the recipe ot this remedy 5 m
absolute! v free of coot. |Do not put it off, hnt~My
writs mr fnlly at once, yon will always bless/?!
tgr the day you did so. Address, • SB?
»•; THOMAS SLATER, Boos -383 __>
Shipper funoul Kala-iuoo Celery, KaUmatno, Blth.C 9
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
INSECT BITES.