VOLUME LXX1X. NO. 170.
Captain Lees Thought to
Have Secured the
Rings.
GEORGE DODGE'S STORY
IS OBTAINED.
Was With the Murderer on the
Morning After the
Crime.
THEY PARTED AT BROADWAY,
IN OAKLAND.
Blocdy Garment Found in Blanther's
Room— He Threatened to Kill
Some One.
In police headquarters it is denied, but
notwithstanding there is very good reason
to believe that the rings stripped from the
ringers of Mrs. Pnilippina Langfeldt by
her murderer are now locked up in the
safe in the office of Chief of Detectives
Lees. They were secured from a pawn
s-hop. Tne description of the man who
pawned them, as given by the pawn
broker, tallies exactly with that of J. E.
planther, the book agent, who spent the
evening of Friday with the murdered
woman.
Together with oiner evidences brought
to light yesterday the suspicion that was
directed against Blanther bas turned to
conviction that he is the murderer. The
police are upon his trail and his arrest
may be expected at any moment.
The search for the murderer was direct
ed yesterday upon well - defined lines.
Wanther is known to have slept to his
( wn room at 822 (icary ?treet on the night
of the murder, after the murder.
The police yesterday found his trunk
still there aud a satchel already packed.
In the satchel was found a nightshirt
spotted with blood.
Since leaving his lodgings early Satur
day morning he has not been seen there.
On that morning about 9 o'clock he called
upon George Dodge, a young architect
who has offices in the Merchants' build
ing.
Dodge was about to start for Oakland
and Blanther, apparently in high spirits,
walked with him, saying that he, too, was
going to Oakland to remain a couple of
days. They crotsed the bay together,
talking tbeosophy and kindred things,
and parted at Fourteenth street.
That is ttie last that is known of Blan
ther's movements after the murder. The
police learned this and of Dodge's inti
macy with Blanther on Friday and there
fore began a search for him.
It was to Dodee, as they learned, more
than to any other of the friends of his
prosperous davs that Blanther turned in
hi= financial distress. Dodge loaned him
f mall sums of money and invited him to
his mother's house when he was hungry.
Dodge encouraged him to write and helped
him to try to sell the product of his pen to
newspapers of the City. While others of
his former friends passed him by Dodge
continued his acquaintance, visited and
even slept with him at his Geary-street
lodgings.
For two or three nights immediately
preceding Friday Dodge had stayed with
the desperate man at his Geary-street
room at night. Friday night he slept at
home, as he had an engagement to go
yachting on Saturday with tue Encinal
Club.
He did not get home from his outing
until early Sunday morning, ana when he
sat down to breakfast had not heard ol the
frightful occurrence? of Friday night in
which his friend, whom he nad left the
morning before, had been the bloody actor,
in amazement he heard of it from his
mother's lips.
Dodge, as stated, had himself become
the object of the search of the police that
they might learn from him of Bianther's
habita and haunts.
All the early Hours of the night before
and up to 3 o'clock in the aiormng the
house had beeu besieged by detectives and
newspaper men seeking an interview with
him. It had even been rumored that
Blanther was out in the yacht with Dodge.
Mrs. Dodge sent a telephone message to
police headquarters, as she had promised
to do, and Captain Lees and Detective
Byron rang the bell at the Dodge residence
a few minutes later.
They hurried him away to police head
quarters before he ad finished his meal.
They wanted his assistance immediately.
He lent it. In company with the detect
ives he led the way to I'.lant tier's late lodg
ings in Geary street, and there they found
important evidence. A satchel already
packed contained a blood-stained nipht
shirt. The murderer of Mrs. Langfeldt
had cut himself and had left his track of
blood in the UDper hall of the Kleineberg
house and in the lower vestibule at the
steps. Here, then, was the other end of
the trail in Blanther's own rooms.
A little black trunk was in the room also.
This was broken open and some clothing
and a quantity of papers, manuscripts,
etc., were found. Among other things
were a number of medals which Blanther
had declared were givan to him by the
Austrian Government for meritorious
actions. There was also a photograph of
Blanther, full length, standing, his breast
covered with the medals.
The police took possession of what of
these effects they deemed of any assist
ance to them in identifying the man.
On a ceiiier-table lay a note, unopened,
written by George Dodge himself, saying
that he could not keep a certain engage
ment with him made previous to Friday
night.
But Blanther had not been there since
he leu, dressed in Lis best on Saturday
morning.
The police, accompanied by Dodge, vis
ited all the haunts frequented by Blanther,
including his former loading- house on
Hauht street. A tour <->i the Austro-Hun
garian district of the City was also made.
Detective Ray Silvey was posted at the
Geary-street lodging-house by consent of
the landlady. She, Mrs. Henley, took to
her bed, prostrated by the horror and ex
citement of the affair.
The story of Blanther's life in this City
developed, chapter by chapter, as the
police exploited it.
It wa^ learned that he came here orig
inally we!! supplied with money. He had
had a position somewhere in the Kast as a
civil engineer, and after he ran through
with his money it was his principal desire,
as expressed to his friends, to make his
way East, rie made a trip to Portland a
couple of months as;o, but met worse Iuck
there, and was giad to be able to get back
here. His money he squandered in com
pany with a well-known Grary-street
woman and at tbe races. He claimed to
be expecting passes to tbe East, and upon
their arrival he said he would be able to
return to the position he formerly occupied
there.
G. A. Dodge Tells of How He Met
and Parted With Blanther
After the Murder.
There is, perhaps, no other man in the
city who has been so near the suspected
man as G. A. Docile. He has been a par
ticular friend of Blanther since tb« letter's
advent in this City, one who knows all
the man's idiosyncrasies and propensities.
He saw him, talked with him, laughed
with him and bade him pood- by at the
Seventh-street station, on the broad gauge,
in Oakland, on Saturday morning. His
last words to Dodge on that occasion
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, MAY 18, 1896.
J. E. Blanther, the last man helieved to have been in the murdered woman's company, recently submitted for publication in
The Call an article, of which this is a fac-simile page. On its being rejected on the score that it was not news he remarked that
he would go ana kill some one and that an account oi the crime would possibly be accepted :
Cuba,
The Pearl of the Antilles.
Seldom, and possibly never, with more right or justice have the people of the United States taken a greater interest in the wel
fare of their neighbors, a nation depressed by the tyrannic yoke of royalty, on a laml of riches hardiy surpassed. From the weekly
news-sheets' columns of the country town up to the greatest uaily Dapers of our large citie? we can follow regularly the accounts
expressin? the true sentiments of our people and reports about Cuba, either made there for the press and mutilated by scissors and
ink to suit the bureau of revision or manufactured in Key West, Fla., guided partly by imagination, partly from heaisay. It will
therefore be of great interest to our readers to get some news from a reliable source from the pen of an Austrian captain, who
enlisted in the ranks of the army of liberation and frequently sends a letter to the writer, sume of the passages ol" which he will add
to the history of the island.
were: "Well, I will see you again, yes?
Good- by."
Mr. Dodge said last night to a Call re
porter: "My relations with Mr. Blanther
were as the papers have stated. He is a
man with whom I have t>een thrown in
close contact, mainly on account of
his misfortunes.
"Friday evening at about 7 o'clock we
went to dinner with a couple of friends— at
the Maison St. Germain, on O'Farrell
street. Blanther was in a cheerful and
complacent mood. After chatting pleas
antly through the dinner we separated at
about 8 o'clock outside of the
restaurant on O'Farrell street. He
left saying: 'I must leave you,
as I am invited to visit at a
friend's house on Geary street.' I did not
see Blanther again until Saturday morn
ing, when I found him awaiting me at my
office in the Merchants' Exchange build
ing.
"He ha<l been accustomed to visiting me
at the office daily since his latest return to
the City three weeks ago. He was dressed
with his customary neatness and looked,
if anything, more cheerful and more free
from care than I had seen him for some
time. He was dressed in a black diagonal
suit, dress shirt and white evening tie.
"The papers stated he had evidently cut
his hands with ti e razor. Saturday he
wore a glove on his left hand. This struck
me as being unusual, as he always before
had had the custom of carrying his gloves.
"We talked on various subjects, princi
pally on bis prospects for the future. He
spoke hopefully regarding the outlook of
returning to an old position wh ch he had
filled for many years in the office of the
New York Central Railroad as civil en
gineer and draughtsman.
"He was expecting a pass from the man
agement which would enable him to go
there. He wae expecting 10 leave here be
fore the 26th inst. He had endeavored
before to Induce me to accomoany him.
"We walked down California street
toward the ferry depot to take the 10:30
boat to Oakland. He bad told me that he
had an engagement in Oakland and would
return Monday. I also having an engage
ment in Alameda agreed to accompany
him.
"On the way over he was constantly
cheerful and reverted in his conversation
to the pleasant dinner we had enjoyed the
evening before.
"At Seventh-street station he left the
train, saying, 'Weil, good-by; I'll see you
again. Yes? Good-by. 1 That is the last
I saw of Mr. Blanther.
"I met Mr. Blanther daring his pros
perity at the Hogan residence about three
months ago," continued Mr. Dodge. "I
was attracted to him. We became very
good friends and discussed literary mat
ter;) togethe r.
"It was then he toid me of what a writer
he was, saying hii productions nad been
accepted in Harper's Magazine, Seribner's
and others, and were bringing him a large
income. He paid he wrote over the pseu
donym *X. Y. Z.' He has written articles
for newspapers, and was a prolific writer,
working day and night. One time in tiie
full tide of his prosperity, about two
months ago, he suddenly disappeared. I
saw him again tnree weeks ago. He said
he had been to Portland. He returned in
straitened circumstances.
"I gave him what little assistance I
could toward making him comfortable.
He was of an extremely proud and sensi
tive disposition and wouJd go sometimes '
two days with nothing to eat and say
nothing to his friends about it.
"He was disappointed many times here
by having his productions refused by tiie
newspapers. One circumstance I rertieni
ber especially.
"I had gone with him to The Call
to get an article published in that paper
which be had written about Cuba. We
were sent away with the advice to get
some news if we desired acceptance. On
the street he turned to me and said : 'I'll
tell you what we should do. I will kill
somebody and then we will write the story
and it will be accepted.'
"His mind seemed to run on morbid
subjects, and in his conversation he would
frequently recur to the subject of death.
His literary style was somewhat peculiar,
similar 10 a degree to the writings of Ed
gar Allan Poe.
"I consider him by no means an adven-
The Flower of the Russian
Army Awaiting the
Coronation.
VLADIMIR IN COMMAND.
His Legions Sleep on the Field
Where Napoleon Massed
His Troops.
PREPARATIONS FOR THE FETE
All Who Attend May Eat and Drink
Without Money and Without
Price.
MOSCOW, Russia, May 17.— The day
has been a beautiful one and an endless
procession has been passing through the
streets since early morning. The city is a
mass of color.
Yesterday there arrived the Khivan
embassy with the Khan and his two sons
at their bean. The Khan's suite was a
numerous one. The Emir of Bokhara,
with a large followine, arrived on Wednes
day last. Prince Henry of Prussia, who
represents Emperor William; the Grand
Duke of Hesse and Prince Ferdinand of
Roumania, accompanied by their suites,
arrived to-day. Infantry guards the lines
of railway right into Moscow. The city is
filled with strange guests, and the whole
world has come, apparently, to grace the
great occasion — the coronation of the Czar.
Immense preparations are being made
for the popular fete, which is to be held on
the Hodynsky Plain on May 30. This
large plain is opposite the PetrofTsky Pal
ace and baa beeu the scene of the fates for
the people that have always marked coro
nations. Flanked on two sides by the ex
hibition buildings and the racecourse it
stretches away indefinitely into the coun
try.
It was here that Napoleon massed his
troops before marching into the city of
I Moscow. Russian troops, drafted here
! from the various garrisons for the festiv
ities, now occupy a large part of the plain,
which resembles a vast camp, and the life
incident to an encampment of 150,000 sol
diers is exhibited in all its phases. Stretch
j ing away for more than a mile are the snow
white tents of the army corps of grena
diers, the guards from St. Petersburg and
; detachments from vari ous quarters of the
empire.
Not all have yet arrived, but it is
learned that before the Emperor's arrival
there will be in this encampment, includ
ing the soldiers on duty at the various pal
aces and fortresses in and about Moscow,
! eighty-three battalions of infantry, thirty
squadrons of cavalry, seven sotnias of
Cossacks and fourteen batteries. Of these
i vast forces the Grand Duke Vladimir holds
'■ the command. It is on this plain where
1 they are now encamped that this mighty
force will parade before the Emperor on
the last day of the festivities— June 7.
On tbe part directly facing the palace,
the large, grassy plain has been inclosed
by Venetian mast, upon which are hung
the' usual bunting and shields, bearing the
arnjs of various cities and provinces of
Russia. "Within this inclosure booths, ta
bles, open-air theaters, merry-go-rounds,
circuses and swings are being erected.
Hundreds of wooden booths, hastily
ertcted, dot the entire circumference of
the inclosure, and will be loaded on Satur
day week with bread, cakes, sausages, meat
pies and other delectable dainties dear to
the Moujik heart. At every booth there
will be a larere hogshead of ale or beer, and,
in some cases, mead, and every one who
joins the festival may eat and dririk to h-
heart's content without money and with
out price. No strong drinks, however, will
be supplied, as Russian Moujiks filled with
vodka are not likely to be conducive to the
peace of the capital.
At present hundreds of workmen are
getting ready for the great popular enter
tainment which will represent the hospi
tality of the city. On the fide nearest to
the palace the imperial pavilion has been
built, from which the Emperor and his
guests will witness the merrymaking of
his subjects. This pavilion is in Russian
style of the fifteenth century, and has two
stories and is surmounted by an enormous
cupola. The facade is most elaborately
decorated. It is flanked Dy two other
pavilions for distinguished visitors and 8t
a greater distance tribunes capable of seat
ing between 4000 and 5000 persons bave
been erected.
Enthusiastic Crowds With the Cear and
Czarina OodtptfdU •
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia. May 17.—
The Car and Czarina started this evening
for Moscow. They took witbj them their
infant daughter, Grand Duchess Olga.
The departure was made the occasion of a
most elaborate display. The streets from
the palace to the railway station were
lined by enthusiastic crowd?, who wished
godspeed to their Majesties.
Rear- Admiral Thomas O. 6elfridge, com
manding the American warships in the
Furopean station, has left Cronstadt to
attend the coronation ceremonies at Mos
cow.
LONDON, Exo., May 17.— The Telegraph
will to-morrow say that the Czar on the
occasion of his coronation will abolish
(*-* -v form of corporal punishment in the
Dp re. It is expected that he will pardon
thousands of the convicts in Siberia.
Weyler's Order Forbidding the
Shipments of Tobacco
Denounced.
Foreign Merchants Lodge Protests
With Their Consuls— Cuban
Defeats Reported.
HAVANA, CrBA, May 17.— The foreign
merchants here engaged in the export of
tobacco have lodged a protest with their
respective Consuls declaring that the
decree of Captain-General Weyler forbid
ding the export of tobacco from the island
is prejudical to legitimate business. The
Consuls have informed their Governments
of this action and have asked for instruc
tions.
A Government column has had six en
gagements with several bands of rebels
near Trinidad. The .:isnrgents' loss was
twenty-six killed. The Spaniards lost
four killed and wounded.
Iii the province of Santiago de Cuba Ma
jor Cadina has routed 8C0 rebels, killing
twenty-eight of them. The troops lost
one killed and eight wounded.
The command of Colonel Landa met 800
rebels near Punta Brava, province of Ha
vana, and attacked ihem. Thirteen of the
insurgents were killed with machetes. No
mention is made of any Spanish loss.
The Steamship Three friends Sails
From Jacksonville.'
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. May 17. — A
large quantity of arms and ammunition
consigned to Cubans bore disappeared last
night from the warehouse in which they
were stored. The steamship Three Friends,
which took the Collozo expedition to Cuba
in February, has . also disappeared. ■ It is
said the munitions of war are aboard the
Three Friends, and that the latter is again
bound for Cuba. [:'.** -■-?;*:';■ '** -'?"■ ■'■■
Senator Morgan'* Speech Styled a
Shameful islander.
MADRID, Sfau*. May 17.— The Govern-
ment has ordered that an inquiry be held
to determine the truth o»- falsity of the
statements that the Cuban rebels are
using explosive bullets. Directions have
been given to exhume the bodies of sol
diers killed in battle, if it should be neces
sary to do so to ascertain the fact.
The speech made by Senator Morgan on
the subject of a joint resolution recogniz
ing the Cubans as belligerents has caused
creat indignation here. His statements
referring to her Majesty are regarded as a
shameful slander.
The Judge's Impeachment Again Sought
by the Washington Reform
Club.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 17.— The
Washington Keform Club will forward to
the Department at \Va3hingt0n to-morrow
charges against Judge Augustus J. Ricks
of the United States bench in this city.
This club is the same which brought the
previous case against the Judge, which
nearly resulted in his impeachment.
The present complaint grows out of hi3
sentencing a postotfice clerk to a fine of
$J00, when the statute provided $500 as the
minimum. Delehante, the man con
victed, is connected with prominent fami
lies, and influence wao drought upon the
Judge, who gave the prisoner six months
to pay his tine in, and ordered the clerks
to keep the case from the newspapers.
An Entire Block of Twenty-Six Buildings
Consumed at Blue /stand, a Vil
lage Near Chicago.
CHICAGO, III., May 17.— At an early
hour this morning an entire block of
twenty-six buildines in the village of Blue
Island was destroyed by fire. Amnng the
places destroyed were the Union Hotel,
Concordia Hall. Bine Island Public Li
brary anil vari«m« stores and residences.
In all thirty-five people were burned out.
Some of this number lived over their stores
and lost everything they had.
There was a panic in the Gnion Hotel,
but all of the guests escaped injury. The
fire started in a drugstore on one corner of
the block, and all of the surrounding build
ings being of wood they easily caugnt and
burned like tinaer. The damage is be
tween $150,000 and $200,000.
The Transvaal Ruler Favors the
Release of Imprisoned
Reformers,
Final Action in the Case of Hammond
and His Companions to B
Taken To-Day.
PRETORIA, Socth Africa, May 17.—
In an interview regarding the ultimate
fate of the members of the Johannesburg
reform committee, now in jail here, Presi
dent Kruger said that nobody desired
more than himself to expedite the de
cision as to the final sentences that would
be passed on the prisoners. A majority
of them had on Friday petitioned the
Government to be allowed to pay increased
fines instead of being imprisoned lor two
years and then banisned for three years
from the Transvaal. President Kruger
added that he was in favor of this propo
sition.
Tbe delay in deciding the matter arose
from the difficulty in discriminating be
tween the signers of the petition and
the others who had refused to sign*it.
Personally he wanted all the prisoners to
be released. He promised that the execu
tive would take rapid action in the matter
to-morrow, and declared he was confident
that the executive would indorse his view.
The President is extremely distressed
because of the suicide of Mr. Grey, who
was one of the prisoners. Great indig
nation is felt by the English residents
against the district surgeon for not watch
ing him to prevent his killing himself
after it became known that he was iDsane.
Five physicians warned the district sur
eeon a week apo that Mr. Grey had de
veloped homicidal symptoms.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Cyclones Lay Waste Vast
Tracts in Kansas and
Kentucky.
HUNDREDS OF BUILDINGS
DEMOLISHED.
Inmates Who Escape Death
Left Without Shelter From
the Storm.
APPALLING LOSS OF LIFE IN
MANY TOWNS.
A Downpour of Rain and Hail Adds
to the Misery of the Home
less.
HIAWATHA, Kakb., May 17.-Word
was received here late to-nicbt that a cy
rlone struck the towns of Reserve and
Falls City about 8 o'clock. The wires to
these points are all down. Six surgeons
and several helpers have gone to Reserve,
where fully ten people are known to be
hurt and dozens of buildings destroyed.
Two farmers on horseback brought the
word from Reserve. They say the damage
is frightful.
The cyclone started in the northern part
of Clay County, seven or eight miles
south of the little town of Palmer, and
passed in a northeasterly direction through
Riley County and into Marshall and
Nehma counties. It crossed the Blue
River at the junction of the Missouri Pa
cific and Union Pacific railroads and
passed near the town of Axtell. The little
hamlet of Bodaville, in Riley County, was
entirely swept away. To-night several are
reported killed there and many injured,
but nothing can be learned definitely.
At Spring Valley, some six miles from
Barnes, the storm demolished a church in
which 150 people were worshiping. Many
were injured. The pastor, Rtiv. Mr. Mason,
suffered a broken leg. Surgical aid was
asked for from Barnes and neighboring
towns. The storm formed about 5 o'clock,
almost in the track of the one that visited
this section three weeks ago.
.Yearly Fifty Dwelling* Destroyed at
Frankfort, Kan**
FRANKFORT, Kass., May 17.— A cy
clone devastated this city at 5 o'clock this
afternoon.* It came from the southwest,
and was preceded by a heavy fall of rain
and . hail. • The funnel-shaped cloud came
in an opposite direction from the wind
that was prevailing and traveled slowly,
thus giving people ample time to go into
cellars. This warning undoubtedly saved
many lives.
Several farmhouses were destroyed be
fore the storm reached the city, but as far
as learned at this time no one was hurt.
Nearly rifty residences, besides barns and
outbuildings, were totally destroyed in
this city. At least 200 people are home
less. Henry Kennedy's nose was broken
by a flying board. P. Cudmore was hurt
about the head and Mrs. Moran and child
were badly injured.
The Methodist and Christian churches
are total wrecks. Many buildings are
slightly damaged. The storm passed on
! the northeast. Its track is about eighty
j rods wide. It is reported the storm did
' treat damage near Bigelow and Vleits.
The entire western Dart of this city
(Frankfort) is razed. Some miraculous
escapes are reported.
Their House Hemolished and JSot «
Inmate Escape*.
BENTON, Kt., May 17. — A cyclone
passed over the southwest corner of Mar
shall County about 1 o'clock this morning.
It demolished one house at Elva and
killed the five occupants, John Anderson,
aged 80; his wife, aped 55; a son, aged 17,
and two daughters aged 12 and 10.
The storm came out at Graves County.2
At Simsonia two stores, two churches, a
schoolhousie, several farmhouses and
barns were destroyed, but no loss of life is
reported there. Five colnna were sent to
Elva and the Anderson family will be
buried in one srave.
Jinny Casualties in (In- City and Sur
rounding Country
SENECA, Kans., May 17.— Five people
were killed and several injured by a
cyclone, which devastated this part of the
country, at 6:40 o'clock this evening. The
dead are: Two children of M. R- Connell, j
two children of M. E. Voorbees and a son
of Peter Assenmacher.
At Oneida, Kans., eight miles east, four
people were killed, three ot ihern in tbe
araily of James Sliearn.
Part of the town of Baileyville was de
molished.
At Seneca the cyclone was followed by a
storm, hail as large as walnuts falling.
About seventy houses were totally
wrecked. The opera-house was Bwe|>t
away. A new $40,000 schoolhonse was
wrecked and the courthouse completely
demolished. There are few aoii3es in the
city that are not more or Jess damaged.
The entire north part of the city is covered
with debris. The lo?s in this city will be
about $200,000. The cvclone lasted about
ten minutes.
At Oneida the damage is heavy. Great
destruction is reported in the country
northwest of there. The news of the storm
is being sent from a field south of this
city, nearly all the wires being down.
One Hundred nnti five Victims of the
llecent Cyclone.
SHERMAN. Tex., May 17. -Six people
injured in Friday's cyclone died here to
day. Their mimes are: — Jenkins, aged
16 (every other member of the same fam
ily killed outright); Nellie .Slogan, aged 5;
Charles Weddle, Mrs. Lyman and child
and an unidentified woman.
It was learned this afternoon that the
Dooley family, consisting of fattier, mother
and four children, living on Gray.* Hill,
were blown away in the storm, and as none
of them have been heard from, it is be
lieved all are dead. The spot where their
house stood was swept bare.
The death Jist now reaches 105. L. H.
Montgomery, a furniture-dealer, whose
family, consisting of a wiie and three chil
dren, perished, is now confined in jail, a
raving maniac. The people of Shernjim
have buried their dead and are takins care
of the wounded, but funy 700 people in the
chy and county are left destitute.
News is received to-rus>ht that at Carpen
ter's Bluff live are dead and eight seriously
injured. The relief committee left Deni
son at 9 o'clocK this morning and has been
laboring among the dead and dying all
day. The loss is so much greater than
was anticipated that floats have been
pressed into service to supply the stricken
district with bandages, medicines and food.
Building* Blown Down and Trees Up
rooted by a. G-ale.
CHICAGO, III., May 17.-Dispatches
received to-night from interior points in
Illinois report much damage dune by a
heavy wind and rain storm last night. At
Galesburg the telegraph and telephone
service was demoralized. At Peoria trees
were blown down and great damage done
to buildings under corstruction. An
engine on the Burlington Railway ran into
a corncrib which had been blown across
the tracks at St. Augustine and was de
railed. The engineer was badly hurt. At
Pekin lightning wrecked the new St.
Paul's Church, uprooted trees, blew down
fences and unroofed houses. The country
contiguous to Toulon was storm-swept
and many farmhouses were wrecked.
CHICAGO, III., May 17.— The Balti
mores hammered Griffith's curves as they
pleased in lo-day's game, and gave the
Colts their worst defeat of the season. The
crowd was a record-breaker, and almost
19.000 persons saw the slaughter. Score:
C bleat os. 0 100OOOOO— 1 4 6
Bsltiniores. 102 02 6 10-13 16 3
Batteries— Griffith an! Kittridge; Hoffer and
Robinson. Umpire-Sheridan.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 17.-Fraser was
an easy mark for Washington to-day. Mer
cer split a finger by catching Hassamer's
liner in the filth, and German took his
place. After that Louisville only got one
hit. Attendance 9000. Score:
Kt- I»uls 113000100-6 6 3
Wasbmg'O'ia 0 2 10 2 13 3 1—13 17 5
Bakeries— Frazer ana Dexter; Mercer, German
and McGuire. t'mpire— Hurst.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 17.— After the
visitors had scored nine runs in their half
of the first inning, the locals won in a
walk. The features of the game were the
battine of Burke, Miller and Hoyt, and
the base running of Miller. Attendance
12.000. Score:
Cincinnatis- 10343 500 *-l6 18 3
Brooklyns 90 1 0 0 000 0—10 17 6
Batteries— Fluher an.1 Peltz: Harper, P«yn<?,
CJrim and Burrell. Umpires— Keefe and Weld
man.
Lot Angela Hints in Training for the
Coming Contest*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 17.— Pigeon
fanciers are looking forward with interest
to the coming race between Los Angeles
and San Francisco birds. The local
pigeons of Girton, Crawford and Zahn
have been put into training. The birds
are liberated at different points on the
road, so as to accustom them to the route
and add to their muscular development.
Last Wednesday they were liberated at 8
a. m. at Lang, iorty-four miles from here
by rail. They arrived in twos and threes
until all were home. The first arrived at
9:35 a. m. Considering the high moun
tains crossed in the trip the tim« is con
sidered good.
To-day the pigeons' were liberated at
Tehachapi (distant 120 miles by rail) at 8
a. m. by C. I). Chamberlain. The first bird
arrived at 11:55 a. m.
The California Homing Club, of which
H. Whitman of Alameda i» secretary, has
arranged to have races among its mem
bers while training their birds toward Los
Angeles. They are as follows: Mav 17
from Salinas, May 31 from Prso Rooles.
June 14 from Santa Barbara and July 4
from Los Angeles.
Examiner » of Han Francisco Prove
THrtnatlvea A'oriefM at Hateball.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 17.— The
Santa Cruz Electrics defeated the Exam
iner baseball team of San Francisco this
afternoon at Vue de l'Eau Park, in this
town, by a score of 47 to 0. They played
seven innings.
Tne Examiner team had been adver
tised as great ballplayers, with a record of
seventeen games to their credit, but they
proved themselves to be novices at the
gam*. The Santa Cruz boys are amateurs,
and their work so far this season has
shown well. To-day's victory would have
been of greater «i>ooura«rement had the
Examiners showed any particular skill.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 17. — Puget
Sound Norsemen held a erand celebration
on Vaabon Island to commemorate the
signing of the constitution eigluy-two
vfurs ago to-day, which is re arde<i as the
beginning of the modern life of the Nor
wegian f>eople. The exercises were con
ducted under the auspices of nine Norse
clubs of Seattle, and from 4000 to 5000 peo
ple from S-jattlp, Tacoma, Everett, Sno
nomish. Port Townsend and Victoria were
present.
Unusual Interest in the
American Presidential
Campaign.
FEARS FOR THE RESULT
McKinley's Success and the In
evitable Return to Protec
tion Is Dreaded.
WHAT LEADING PAPERS SAY.
Sequel to the Crusade Against the
Socialists— Bismarck's Continuous
Stream of Visitors.
BERLIN, Germany, May 17.— The ap
proaching Presidential campaign in the
United States is creating unusual interest
throughout Germany, particularly in the
manufacturing centers, in consequence of
the prospect that McKinley will be suc
cessful in securing the nomination in the
Republican Convention, with more than
e*en chances of bis election. Mr. McKin
ley's success in the election next fall is
greatly dreaded here, as his election would
be regarded aa an inevitable return to ex
treme protection in the United States.
In an article on the subject the North
German Gazette ascribes Mr. McKinley's
renewed popularity in the States to the
fact that the masses are realizing by ex
perience that the Democratic party during
their present administration of the Gov
ernment have been unable to achieve the
economic wonders which were so freely
promised in the last Presidential cam
paign.
The Vossische Zeitung laments the deep
wounds which McKinleyism has inflicted
upon trade and exchange, and expresses
fear that McKinley's chances of success
are only too brilliant.
The Berlin Poet discusses at length the
possibilities of a reaction from the present
drift of McKinleyism in the United States,
especially if Mr. Cleveland should allow
himself to be persuaded to accept the
Democratic nomination for a third term.
The Altdeutsche Blatter, a journal most
advanced in colonial jingoism, waxes
wroth in behalf of the German planter,
JtJulow, and against the action of the
American Chief Justice of Bamoa, H. C.
Ide. in refusing to deal with certain com
plaints nihde by Bulow against native
Samoans because the charges were lodged
in the German language, which Judge Ide
does not understand. Pursuing the sub
ject, the paper remarks that the Germans
in Samoa pay more than two-thirds of
Judge Ifle's salary, and demands that the
German Government intervene to the end
of securing fair treatment for Germans
coming under his jurisdiction.
The startling crusade against socialists
inaugurated last November by Herr von
Kocller, the Prussian Minister of the In
terior, upon which occasion the houses of
many prominent socialists throughout
Germany, including the residences of
several leading Socialist members of the
Reichstag, were raided and many impor
tant documents and large quantities of
socialist literature seized by the police,
together with subsequct arrests of social
ists and seizures of letters, books, etc.. are
having a sequel in the Berlin courts in the
trial of forty-seven socialists under charges
of lese majeste, sedition and the like.
Among the defendants in these trials are
Herren Auer, Bebel, Singer and Gerisc.'i,
prominent members of the Socialist party
in the Reichstag.
At the opening of the trial, which began
i.n May 15, the Judge remarked that {the
question at inane was whether there bad
been any breach of the laws governing as
sociations and warned the defendants he
would not permit any poliiical declara
tions in the course of the proceedings.
The public prosecutor declared that the
documents which had been seized by the
police iu the bouse of defendants proved
the existence of a secret organization
which was in communication with
various branches through secret agents.
Herr Auer denied the truth of tue public
prosecutor's assertions, and the trial was
adjourned.
The charges against the accused social
ists are based upon the Prussian associa
tions law enacted by the Prussian Diet in
I860. The conviction of the defendants is
extremely doubtful, but in any event the
case is likely to arouse attention to the
various laws relating to associations which
are enforced in different parts of the em
pire, and lead to the framing of an im
perial law which will remove the vexatious
complications which exist in Prussia and
other sections of the empire.
The Socialist members of the Reichstag
have decided that Merren Bebel, Lieb
knecht and Singer be selected as delegates
to represent the Socialist party in the
coming international labor congress in
London, during which a special conference
of the members of various parliaments ai
tendinc the congress will be held for the
purpose of deciding upon a plan of action
to be pursued in common for the protec
tion of the interests of labor. Herr Lieb
knecht is already in England, and his col
leagues will shortly follow him there.
Prince Bismarck still continues to be in
fair health and high spirits and receives
visitors at intervals as formerly. It is
necessary, however, that the number of his
visitors should be greatly restricted, for if
he should receive all who express a desire
to call and pay their respects to him the
time of the aged ex-Chancellor would be
wholly occupied with receptions. A party
of Mecklen burgers visited the Prince at
Friedric-hruhe on Saturday and presented
him with a small model of the Friedrich
Franz monument. The ex-Chancellor
chatted in a lively manner with bis visit
ors and related many reminiscences con
nected with Mecklenburg.
Eugene Wolf, the explorer, has just pre
sented Prince Bismarck with a collection
of curios and natural mementos which
he gathered in Madagascar. The Prince
has onlered the collection to be exhibited
in a tent in the park at Friedrichsruhe.
Prince Bismarck lately excited the dis
content of the inhabitants of the Duchy of
Lauenburg by his action in connection
with the time-honored Mayday celebration
in the duchy.
The day has long been a legal church
holiday, when prayers were offered up in
the churches for a good harvest. The fes
tival is called tue "Hagelbittfeier." and on
that day all farm labor is forbidden.
Prince Bismarck, for alleged economic
reasons, procured the issuance of a decree
repealing the prohibition of farm labor on
the festival day, but the usual services
were held nevertheless. The future of the
holiday now depends upon tne support of
otner landowners than Prince Bismarck.
The Emperor and Empress on May 13
paid a visit to the new chateau erected by
Duke Ernest Gunther of Schleswig-Hol
stein, brother of the Empress, at PrinKe
nau. Their Majesties were welcomed by
the local officials and the veterans' unions.
The chateau and the houses in the town
were gayly decorated in honor of the im
perial visitors. The Emperor and tue
Duke afterward enjoyed a day at deer
stalking.
The rector and the senate at the high
school at Karlsruhe have declared against
the practice of dueling and issued a mani
festo warning the students that auy viola
tion of the prohibitory order will be pun
ished with the uiniOBt severity.
The Emperor Una promulgated an order
forbidding any one henceforth 10 include
a copy of the Cologne Gazette among the
newspapers brought to auy of his castles
or residences or to have a copy of that
paper in his possession while within the
precitiCt3 of such castles or residences.
This prohibition ia evidently in conse
quence ui the recent publication of articles
in the Gazette which were inspired by th«
officials of the Foreign Office and directed
a/ainst the Emperor's military ana civil
Cabinets.
Bob Kneebs. the American horse-owner,
who is in jail here awaiting the result of
his appeal from the judgment of the court
convicting him of having entered the mare
Bethel in races on the German trotting
tracks under the name of Nellie Kneebs,
has renewed his petition for release from
custody pendinc the rebeacing of bic case,
wiiich was ordered by the Superior Court!
The petition was rejected, ana Kneebs will
nave to remain in jail until his case is
decided.
ROME, Italy, May 17.— Great damage to
growing crops and other vegetation bas
been done by hailstorms which prevailed
to-day in several places in Italy. A severe
thunderstorm passed over Parma and four
persons were killed and five injured by
lightning.
Admits That His Views as
Regards Silver Have
Changed.
NOW TOR GOLD ALONE.
Willing to Stand Upon His Rec
ord as Secretary of the
Treasury.
FOP.MER SPEECHES EXPLAINED.
Favored Increased Use of the White
Metal, but Opposed Free
Coinage.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 17.— The Cour
ier-Journal tins morning prints a letter
from Secretary of the Treasury Carlisle to
Hon. John H. Johns of Prestonburg, Ky.
It is in part as follows:
Treasury Department, >
Office of tub Secretary, >
Washington, D. C, May 12.)
Hon. John II. Johns, Prettcnburg, A'j/.-Mt
Peak Sir: Your favor of Aprii 28, in whuh
you state that in the discussion of the cur
rency question with your free-silver friends
you find that their strongest arguments seem
to be that I had made a speech in favor of the
free coinage of silver on one occasion, was duly
received, but my oihoiai duties and other im
portant matters have so occupied my time that
no opportunity could be found to answer you
until now.
The report that Imade a speech In favor of
free coinage of silver was circulated for the
first time about three years ago and has oeen
kept constantly in circulation by the advocates
of free coinage ever since, notwithstanding the
well-known lact that the only speech I ever
made upon the subject and which ia printed
in the official records of the proceedings of the
House of-Kepresentativcs shows clearly that I
was opposed to that policy.
Perhaps it will not b« improper, In answer,
ing your letters, to state briefly what my posi
tion upon the question of free coinage then
was, as shown by the speech of February 21.
1878, which 16 the one from which garbled ex
tracts are being made by the advocates of that
policy; and In doing this I distinctly disclaim
any purpose to vindicate myselt against the
charge of inconsistency, because in my opinion
such a charge, whether true or false, Is of no
consequence whatever in the discussion oi tbia
or any other question.
The fact tbat a man is wrong at one time in
life constitutes no reason why he should be
wrong always, and even if it were true that I
had advocated the free coinage of silver eight
een years ago I would have been a political
coward if 1 had refused on that account to fol
low my honest convictions and oppose such
policy when satisfied that it would be injurious
to the country. 1 am more anxious to be right
than to be consistent, and if the gentlemen
who quote garbled extracts from an old speech,
made when the conditions were entirely dif
ferent from what they are now, can convince
me by fair argument that any of my present
opinions upon that or any other subject are
erroneous I will not hesitate to abandon them.
Tbe speech made in the Jlouae of Representa
tives on February ai. 1878, i» the only one to
which tbe advocate:, of free coinage ever re
fer, and that was made in opposition to free
coinage and In favor of striking out a free
coinage provision from a bill and inserting In
place of it a section requiring the Secretary or
the Treasury to purcnave not less than #S,
000,000 worth nor more than $4,000,000
worth of silver bullion each month and coiu it
Into rtandard silver dollars on account of the
United Btntes Government and giving the Oov
ernnient the benefit of the gain or seigniorage,
Instead of giving it to the owners of the bul
lion, as would be the case under a system of
free coinasre. At that time the silver dollar
had dropped entirely from the coinage by the
act of February 12, 1873, and such as had been
coined previous to that date were legal tender
only to the extent of $5.
By the act of 1874 the difference between the
value of a stiver dollar and the value of a gold
dollar, at the ratio of 16 to 1, was only about 7
or 8 cents, and I, together with many other
getulemen who were opposed to free coinage,
then believed th»t the small difference be
tween the value of the two dollars would be
removed if the United States should resume
the coinage and use of silver aa full legal
lender.
On the 5Ui day ot November. 1877, * motion
was made in the House of Representatives to
suspend the rules and it passed a bill which,
among other provisions, contained the follow
ing clause :
And any owner of silver bullion may deposit the
same at any Unite t States coining mint or assay
office to be coined Into such dollars for his benefit,
upon the same terms and conditions as gold
bullion deposited for coinage under existing laws.
Finally, after a long discussion in the Sen
ate, the bill was amended by striking out the
free-coinage provision and inserting in its
place the following:
And tho Secretary of the Treasury is authorised
and directed to purchase from time to time silver
bullion at the market price thereof, not less than
$2. U00, 000 worth per month, nor more than 94,
000,000 worth per month, and cause the same to
be coined monthly as Taut as no purchased; and a
sum sufficient to carry oir. the fore^oin* provision
of this act is hereby appropriated out of any money
In the treasury nut otherwise appropriated. And
any gain or seigniorage arising from ihls coinage
shall be accounted for and paid into ihe treasury
as provided under txlstiug laws relative to the
subsidiary coinage.
The bill, with this amendment, was sent
back to the House for the concurrence of that
body, and on the 21st day of February, 1878,
while it was under consideration, I made the
speech which has been so often referred to
during the last three years by the advocates of
free coinage and a few sentences from which
they have frequently published. In this
speech I said, among other things, the over
loaded taxpayers of this country, already stag
gering and sinking under the burdens im
posed upon them by unwise legislation, would
have been subjected by that provision to a new
exaction of several millions of dollars an
nually to pay for coining the bullion of capi
talists at home and abroad. I cannot become
the advocate of such i system, either as to gold
or silver, and although iny vote was given for
the bill as it passed the House under a suspen
sion of the rules, with this feature in it, I did
not approve of it and then hoped that it would
be amended in the Senate.
My position upon this subject is briefly this:
I am opposed to the free coinage of either gold
or silver but in favor of unlimited coinage of
both metals upon terms of exact equality. No
discrimination should be made in lavor of one
metal and against the other, nor ihould any
discrimination be made in favor of the holders
of either gold or silver bullion aud against the
great body of the people who own other kinds
of property.
A great Governmeut should treat all its
citizens alike, and whenever it attempts to do
otherwise it will engender a spirit of discon
tent which, sooner or later, must disturb the
harmony II not the peace of society. It is
scarcely necessary to say that a gross dis
crimination would be made between the two
metals if tne owners of silver bullion were per
mitted to have 51 or 52 cents worth of t-ilver
coined and stamped as a dollar when the own.
ers of gold Dullion were required to present
100 cents worth of gold in order to have their
metal coined and stamped as a dollar. The
two metuls are coined upon terms of exact
equality only when a dollar's worth of silver
is contained in the silver dollar and a dollar's
worth of gold is contained in the gold dollar
and when no more la charged for the coinage
of one than for the coinage of the other.
In the speech referred to I showed that the
ratio established by the coinage actoi 1792
overvalued silver and drove gold out of circu
lation. .
In conclusion Mr. Carlisle says:
After a careful review of the speech of 1S78
I think it would be a perfectly fair interpreta
tion of it to say:
First— That I was opposed to the free coinage
of silver.
Second— That I then believed the restoration
of the standard silver dollar to the coinage of
the United States and a larger use of that
metal in this country wouid not only arrest its
depreciation, but would ultimately restore it
to a parity with gold at the racio of 16 to 1.
Third— That when parity at this ratio had
been restored I was in favor of coining both
metals upon terms of exact equality.
Fourth— That I was opposed to the total dis
use of silver as legal tender money in this
country.
Fifth— That I was in favor of an international
monetary conference to consider the adoption
of a common ratio between gold and silver
for the purpose of establishing; internationally
the use of bimetallic money and securing
fixity of relative value between these metals.
Upon some of these propositions my opinions
have undergone a complete change and I have
made no attempt to suppress or conceal the
fact. My official course as Secretary of the
Treasury, and my speeches upon the subject of
the currency are sufficient, I think, to show
quite clearly what my present opinions are,
and it is not necessary therefore to restate
them in this letter, which is already much too
long. Very truly yours, J. Q. Carlisle.
Warner Miller Predicts Trouble
at the Convention of Demo
crats.
Neither Silverites Ncr "Sound" Money
Men Will Relinquish Their
Claims.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. Y., May 17.— Ex-
Senator Warner Miller, one of New York's
"Bijt Four," was in the city yesterday.
Speaking on the political situation gen
erally he thought Cleveland could have
the Democratic nomination if he wanted it.
He made the interesting prediction,
however, that there would be a bolt at the
Chicago convention and that two Demo
cratic Presidential candidates seemed as
sured.
"If the pound-money men," said he,
"carry the Convention, then almost cer
tainly the Western and Southern dele-
Kates will walk out and refuse their sup
port to a sound- money man.
"If, on the contrary, the free silverites
carry the convention or a straddle plat
form is a '.opted, the Eastern men will
have to go out to preserve their dignity
and self-re»pect. In any event, a bolt is
certain."
Hit Figure* Give to MeKinUy him Hun
dred Votes. §K5|
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.-Gen
eral Grosvenor gave out his final bulletin
to-night. In it be said:
".Last week closed the election of dele
crates to the St. Louis convention and Mc-
Kinley was indorsed by all the States
whirb expressed an opinion during tbe
week— Washington, Wyoming, West Vir
ginia and North Carolina. The free silver
SUtes, of course, refused the indorsement
of McKinley and their delegates are unin
atructed as to persons, but they hav« re
ceived peiemptory orders as to principles.
There are now elected 918 delegates, but
four in Arirona, four in New Mexico and
four in Oklahoma mast depend upon the
futur* action of tb« National Convention
for seats in that body, the offic al call
authorizing them to elect only two dele
gates in each of the Territories.
"The following States have elected ei'.her
solid McKinley delegations or delegations
with a majority of McKinley men, so thai
it may be conceded tuat McK.nley's fol
lowers will control tbeae Sates, to wit:
Alabama, Arkansas. California, Connecti
cut, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Illinois,
Indiana, Kansas. Maryland, Michigan
Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, N- -
braska, New Jesey. North Carolina,
North Dakota, Ohio. Oregon South Caro
lina, Soutn Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont,
Virgin la, Washington, W st Virginia.
Wisconsin, Wyoming and the Territories
of New Mexico and Oklahoma. Only
three of these States have contests for the
entire delegations, and throwing them out
there would be left twenty-nine McKinley
States and Territories to elect members o'f
tbe committee ou credential*."
Among the Most Important Are
Measures to Regulate
Immigration.
Labor and Capital Miy Be Given a
Day — Appropriations to Keep
the Smate Busy.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 17.— The
programme of business in the House of
Representatives dej ends largely upon the
develODments from day to day, so that a
forecast for the week, especially of the
order in which measures shall be consid
ered, cannot be given.
To-morrow, under the rules, will be sus
pension day, and Dalzell (R.) of Pennsyl
vania will ask for the Committee on Ways
and Means the passage of the bill which
is known aa the "package bill." This pro
vides that pacfcastes of imported mer
chandise weighing less than 100 pounds
and valued at less than $500 may be trans
ported in bond over the Canadian railroads
to their destination.
Scranton (R.) of Pennsylvania has given
notice that be will ask the House, imme
diately after the rending of the journal to
morrow, to reconsider the vote by which
it refused some day:* ago to order to a
third reading the bill to provide for the
election of a Delegate to Congress from
Alaska.
An effort will be made to lay that mo
tion on the table in case Scranton presses
it, but should that fail the subject will be
open {or discussion and may occupy a
good portion of the day.
Should there be anv time left after the
House has disposed of the motions to pass
hills by suspension of the rules, it will
probably be given to the Committee cm
Immigration for the consideration of bilJs
reported by it. This committee will prob
ably have Tuesday's session. It will pre
sent the McCall bill to regulate immigra
tion from Europe, and the Carliss and Ma
hany bills, intended to relieve the cities on
the Canadian bonier of the competition of
labor from Canada which does not find an
abiding-place in the United States.
The Committee on Rules is inclined to
give the Committee on Labor a day for the
Phillips commission bill and the Erdman
arbitration bill, the latter embodying the
proposition of the then Attorney-General
Olney, proposed at tiie last session of Con
gress and which it is understood the labor
organizations approve. The Phillips bill
appropriates |")00,000 to enable a commis
sion to make an exhaustive investigation
into the relations between labor and capi
tal.
The Appropriations Committee intend
to keep the Senate hard at work on appro
priation bills during all of the week.
The fortifications bill will be reported to
the Senate to-morrow. Considerable of an
increase is understood to have been made
to this bill. When this comes up Gorman
will offer an amendment, providing for an
issue of fifty or one hundred millions of
low-interest bearing certificates, and will
make another speech bearing upon the
financial condition of the country in con
nection with the appropriations that are
being made. This certificate amendment
will in all probability cause a discussion
that will run over two or three days, but
it will not be permitted to indefinitely
postpone the final vote on the appropria
tion bill.
SPRINGFIELD, III., May 17. —Carl
Kloppenburg, cashier of the bank at
Buffalo, who was found gauged and bound
in the bank after the robbery of Jast Thurs
day, and his brother Joe, who works in
Ryan's drugstore in this city, have con
fessed that they robbed the bank. The
Kloppenburgs are well known in this city
and quite wealthy.Suffering Armenians Given
the Choice of Dread
Alternatives.
FORSAKE THEIR FAITH.
Sixty Thousand Profess the Creed
of the Persecutors and Are
Spared.
TTJKKISH LUST NOT APPEASED
Christians Tremble at the Wrath of
Abdul Hamid— The Kilis
Massacre.
OMAHA, Nekr., May 17.— Mrs. A. K.
Peller of North l>end, Nebr., has received
mail advicee from a friend in Aintab,
Turkey, which are of particular interest at
this time in reflecting the feelings of a
downtrodden race — the Armenians. Tne
name of the writer is withheld, as it might
endanger life. Extracts from the letter
•re as follows:
AIXTAB, Turkey, March 19.— It is now
more than live mouths that j;word and
fire, famine and cold have been doing their
fearful work among us. Not less than
200,000 of our people, largely men and from
influential and productive classes, have
fallen victims of the fury of our perse
cutors. More than 60.000 of our number
have, under threats of instant death, pro
fessed Islam. Thousands of our sisters
and daughters have been violently carried
off to the harems of Turks and Kurds.
Not less than 5000 of our principal men,
including many Gregorian t>riests and
Protestant pastors and teachers, are lan
guishing in Turkish dungeons, arrested on
utterly baseless charges and given no op
portunity to vindicate themselves.
Nor do we see any signs of marked im
provement in our condition. It is truo
massacre and open plunder have been for
bidden, but our Moslem neighbors are
still maintaining a fiercely insulting and
threatening attitude toward us as a race,
and even were they constrained to aban
don their bloody purpose the fanatical
fury of the Moslem people, among whom
we live, having been so fiercely inflamed is
quite sufficient, even against any feeble
efforts the Government might be con
strained to make, to complete the work of
destruction already so far accomplished.
Three possible courses of action are open
to us: First — We can surrender all that
our fathers have clune to during their
many years of oppression and suffering;
we can abandon our faith, profess Islam,
and lose ourselves and our children in the
mass of our Moslem masters. Second —
We can go on patiently dragging the
chains of our oppressors and bearing their
intuits and abuses, wasting away our lives
and our strength in ignoble servitude.
Third — We can seek in other lands and
among liberty-loving people new homes
and new hopes of enterprise and hope.
Some of our people have already tried
to adjust themielves to the tirst condition
named, but even now their wails of an
guish and remorse that are making their
lives an insupportable burden warn us
that death is a thousand times to be pre
ferred to a life so basely purchased. The
Becond alternative is no doubt still open
to us; we can repudiate all our claims
and aspirations for manhood, we can sur
render all hope of progress and tate up
again the old servile iife of the past. We
should p rbaps be allowed to retain our
name, our traditions and our faith, but
how dwarfed, cran«ped and corrupted!
Meanwhile other and Christian lands
open hospitable doors to us and extend us
sympathy and generous aid, and bid as
welcome to share with them the heritage
of Christian liberty and civilization.
Will our Sultan permit us to emigrate?
He evidently regards us as a dangerous
and pestilential people in his empire.
Pwather than further disturb the peace of
hi? subjects by continued efforts to crush
and destroy us, wilJ he graciously permit
as to withdraw and leaye him and his
people to the undisputed possession of
this land?
Aloreofonr blood certainly cannot be
needed to appease his wrath, and as for
our property, we will be content with
whatever his magnanimity will allow us.
We should be glad if arrangements could
be made by which we could secure for our
future use some reasonable part of the
property we leave behind.
Tne farts concerning the massacre at
Kilis are these: Kilis has a population of
about 20,000, of whom some 2CKJ0 are Ar
menians and 1000 Greeks and Jews. The
rioting beiran without warning or apparent
cause at about 10 o'clock on Friday morn
ing and continued until 2 p. m. on Satur
day. One hundred and two persons were
killed, of whom one was a Greet and three
(one a priest) Catholics. Forty were
vrounded and thirty professed Islam.
Nearly all the Christian shops and abont
150 houses were plundered. All along the
road Armenians were in the greatest ter
ror, and we found one of the principal
khans on the Aleppo road had been plun
dered, and expressions of hatred of Ar
menians were frequent and ominous.
Abdul Batnid Cause* the Arrest of Hun- i
dred* of Armenians.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, May 17.
— The Sultan has not yet recovered from
the fright into which he was thrown by
the news of the assassination of the Shah
of Persia. The arrests which began almost
immediately upon the receipt of the intel
ligence have continued during the past
two weeks, until now more than 1500
Armenians have been taken into custody.
Of this number fifty-two have been exiled
to Anatolia.
Notwithstanding the fact . that so many
Armenians have been arrested the agita
tion against the Sultan is rather a mong the
young Turks than the Armenians. A
number of young Turks have also been ar
rested and sixteen of them have been sent
with the exiled Armenians to" Anatolia.
Seventy-three Turkish students at the
m ilitafy college at Kuleliah have been ar
rested, "but the reason therefor is " not
known. ,
The students of the Armenian college at
Galata "have each been sentenced to
twenty years' imprisonment for having in
their possession subscription lists for the
relief of the Armenians in Zeitoun.
_______________
Great Mortality at Alexandria—
Fleeing From the Scourge.'. ■■
ALEXANDRIA, Egypt, May 17.— Sev-
enty-three new cases of cholera and twenty
deaths were reported here yesterday. For
the week there were 216 cases and 161
deaths. Every steamer leaving the port
is packed with people fleeing from the
scourge.
CAIRO, Egypt, May 17.— Eleven fresh
cases of cbolera were discovered here yes
terday. The deaths numbered nine.
Palace of Emir Malekis at Bicla Blown Up
and Two Hundred People
Killed.
LONDON, Eua., May 17.— A dispatch
from Lagos, on the West Coast of Africa,
says that the palace of tho Emir Malekis
at Bida has been destroyed by an explo
sion and 200 people killed.
Iiro Xcu> Xorkera Knocked Overboard
ami 7>rotened.
JERSEY CITY, N. J., May 17.— A party
of six men, all residents of New York
City, came to this city this afternoon to
take a sail in the cabin catboat Edna of
the Oceanic Yacnt Club, owned by Elmer
Cockran of New York. Mr. Cockran was
one of the party, and two of the others
were Richard Kelly ana Martin Gilday
whose addresses were not Known. When
the Eana was off Rodin's Reef the boom
jibed, and Gildav, Kelly and a third man,
whose name was not learned, were knocked
overboard. The latter was rescued, but
Gilday and Kelly were stunned and sank
immediately. Tne bodies were not re
covered.
Two Firemen and a Guest Said to Have
If /(.HI / ifC.
ATLANTA. Ga m May 17.-The Mark
ham House was destroyed by fire to-night,
causing a loss of $300,000. Two firemen
are reported to have been killed, and one
guest or servant was seen at the windows
after the hotel was wrapped in flames.
Whether this person escaped ia unknown.
The fire started in a restaurant on Decatur
street, aud quickly spread to Patterson's
livery stable. The hay in this building
was ablaze in a few minutes and gave the
flames such an impetus that the city's
entire department could not for two hours
stay their progress. The block is bounded
byLIdyd, Decatur and Collins streets and
on the south by the railroad tracks.
Tributes to the Memory of the Late
Colonel VockerW.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 17.— The re
mains of the late Colonel John A. Cocke
riil, a former president of the New York
Press Club and a well-known journalist,
wno died in Egypt on the 10th ult., lay in
slate at the Press Club rooms to-day. The
club was appropriately draped, and Moral
offerings from the Herald, to which jour
nal he was attached at the time of his
death, the Elka Club, Congressman Harry
Miner, Masonic clubs and even from in
dividuals and societies in foreign coun
tries were displayed in the greatest pro
fusion. The interment will be at tit. Louis.
Mo.
A. Schooner la Sunk in Collision and
Fire Are Drairnrd.
CHICAGO, III., May 17.— The steamer
Onoko ran into and badly wrecked the
schooner Mary D. Ayer off Gross Point
this evening. The Ayer was being towed
in bv the City of Duluth when she sud
denly collapsed ana sank. The captain
and four 01 the crew were drowned. A
boat from the Duluth rescued two men.
Tlie names or the drowned are: Captain
William Williams, Mate Chris Matson,
Henry shira, seaman; Tom , seaman;
Fitz , cook.
The saved are: William Greer and Alex
ander Siern.
PARIS, France, May 17.— At the Seine
Velodrome to-uay Worin.a French bicycle
rider, beat John S. Johnson in a match
race. The distance wus 2000 meters.
Its Strength Demonstrated by the
Recent Test With the
Monterey.
No Indication of Settling or Weakness
in Any Portion of the
Structure.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 17.— The
board appointed by the Secretary ol the
Navy to test the new drydock at Port
Orchard, Pu^ret Sound, of which Captain
Nicoll Lndlow, U. 8. N., was president,
has made its report to the department.
The board began its work by critically
examining the dock and all its accessories,
then tested the pumping plant, which
worked well, though a little below the re
quirements, which they think probably
due in a great meapure to the quality of
coal used under the boilers, and inexperi
enced firemen.
They examined the cracked casing of No.
3 pump and decided that a new one should
be supplied. The leaics around the dock
were those usually found in wooden docks,
but not excessive, and these decreased
after the ship had been in dock twenty
four hours.
The Monterey, with a displacement of
3848 tons, was docked twice, once at each
end of the dock, and both before and after,
as well as during the time she was in the
dock, levels were taken on all parts of the
dock. There was no indication of settling
or weakness in any part of the dock,
though the ship was in the dock twelve
days.
The drainage system worked very effi
ciently, though it indicated the necessity
of having a very complete system of iron
screens over all inlets to the sub-floor
drains to keep out the innumerable fish.
The sheet piling extension in front of the
brick discharge culvert, which had been
injured (one of the results of a break in
the coffer-dam some months ago), did not
discharge properly and will have to be
repaired.
The caisson did not fit the inner stone
proove,consequently did not land properly.
This the contractors will have to remedy
by cutting the groove deeper in some
places. Some of the blocking was washed
out ol place in filling the dock and will re
quire to be refastened.
1.0S ANGELES, (Jal., May 17.— The
latest death report of the Soldiers' Home
near Santa Monica is as follows:
Isaac C. Dodge, late first lieutenant of Com
pany I, Thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry; ad
mitted in November, 1895, from San Francisco;
age 62. Died from heart failure.
James Winter, late of the 0. S. N'., admitted
in Muy, 1894. from Downey, CaL; age6tt. Diea
from heart failure.
Jacob H. Long, late of Company G, Eighth
Michigan Infantry; admitted in February
1893, from Fairbanks, Ariz.; age 08. Died'
from Dneumonia.
' August Schwall, late of Company I, Fifty
se.venth Illinois Infantry; admitted in Novem
ber, 1894, from San Jose, Cal.; age 61. Died at
Ban Jose while on furlough.
Struggle for Supremacy in
the Presbyterian
Assembly.
PEACE NOT IN SIGHT.
Rev. Dr. Withrow to Be Pitted
Against the Conservative
Candidates.
THEIR STRENGTH IS DIVIDED.
The Theological Seminary Question
Will Be Revived at Saratoga
Springs.
NEW YORK, N. Y., May 17.— The peren
nial quarrel in the Presbyterian church
over the old and new methods of Bible
study is to have a fresh airing this week
at Saratoga Springs. There, on Thursday
at high noon, opens the one hundred and
eighth session of the General Assembly of
the Presbyterian Church North, and the
pains and distresses engendered by the in
terminable Brings case are to be again en
dured. This time, from the present out
look, there is a promise of a season of
greater severity than the' church bas yet
experienced in its long and bitter succes
sion of accusations, trials, deliverances and
communications, of which Dr. Brig^s,
Union Seminary and the Bible have been
the subjects.
The dawn of peace which was promised
at the great memorial love feast at Pitts
burg last year is not at hand. U nexpected
developments in unexpected quarters have
levealed new resources in possession of
the liberal minority in the church.
Some of the heavy fighters of other as
semblies are chosen 'commissioners this
year and they have their battle planned
for them. Both sides are now canvassing
to gain possession of the organization of
the assembly, and the canvassing proceeds
on lines very like those made familiar in
political functions of the day. Strange to
say, the minority ban been time ana a^ain
on the point of capturing the assembly
by shrewd maneuvers in the canvass for
the raoderatorahip. These tactics are again
in play.
Last year, at PittsDurg, the conserva
tives, outnumbering the liberals four to
one, saved their cause at the last moment
by uncovering the schemes of tDe New-
York Presbyterian bankers to secure the
defeat of Dr. Booth. This year action
began at Chicago. As in the past two
general assemblies the candidate advanced
on the liberal side as the champion of
peace and work has the higG rank of a
busy and successful city pastor.
As before, they propose, in opposition
to the conservatives, a man with the repu
tation of foundne^s in the faith and
stanch conservatism. Such a man in
1804, and again in 181*5, receiving the vote
of every liberal in the assembly, gathered
such strength from the conservative side
as to bring him within a few votes of the
uioderatorehip.
Rev. Dr. John L. Withrow of the great
Third Presbyterian Church at Chicago is
named for that office by Editor Gray of
the Interior (newspaper) as a representa
tive of the "progressive" type in tne
church. In an editorial announcing Dr.
Withrow's candidacy, the Interior de
scribes the theological quarrel in the
church as a difference of type of man, not
of doctrine, and calls upon the church in
the coming as«embly to disregard this
difference, and to recognize, in the inter
ests of the efficiency and happiness of the
church, the equal value of both divisions
in the common cause.
Coming from this source the candidacy
of Dr. Withrow has alarmed the conserva
tive party beyond measure. They see in
it a repetition of the fight of last year,
when Dr. Page was forced out from the
conservative side to stand as the repre
sentative of the liberals.
"It is a well-laid plan and I fear it will
succeed," said one of the oldest and most
experienced campaigners. ''If elected,"
he continued, "Dr. Withrow will place no
barrier in the way of undoing all that the
assembly has done for truth in the past
five years."
Editor Gray and the Interior may be
classed as resolutely and unchangeably in
opposition to the settled course of the con
servative party in the church. He op
posed in his paper the trial of Dr. Briegs
and Dr. Smith, the deliverance in regard
to the errors in the Bible and the disap
proval of Uuion Seminary. His nomina
tion of a candidate, whoever he might be,
would in itself arouse the conservatives.
But there is more to cause uneasiness in
this qu»rter.
Dr. Wlthrow cast his vote in the Chi
cago Presbytery to receive Rev. Frank V.
Vrooman as pantor of the Kenwood Church
in that city. Mr. Vrooman s reception by
the Chicago Presbytery created a furor in
the West that was equaled only by that
caused by the ±$riggs case in New York
City. According to his own statement,
publicly made at a meeting of the presby
tery, he "did not expect to find a rational
being who believed in every article of the
Westminister Confession of Faith." He
denied a full and clear belief in the
Doctrine of the Trinity as is commonly
accepted, and stated unequivocally hia
disbelief in the inerrancy of the Bible.
After an examination of his belief by a
full presbytery, Mr. Vrooman was re
ceived after an avowal of his belief in and
acceptance of the confession wnich Le had
previously discredited, one of the votes in
bis favor being that of Dr. Withrow. This
action of the presbytery has resulted in a
complaint and a protest which may find
for the case a place on the calendar of the
General Assembly. Since the action at
Chicago Dr. Wit brow's vote has been the
subject of explanation and an apology in
the public press.
"I was actuated with a desire to avoid
contention," are his words. "I recognized
his lack of technical training, but his wish
to be with us offset the errors i believed he
would outgrow. I thought it would do
less harm to receive him than to create a
contention in the Presbytery over his re
ception."
It is this nction and this explanation of
his action that is the basis of opposition
to Dr. Withrow on the part of the leading
conservatives. "He would be a man pli
able in the hands of the crafty liberals,"
is the comment of a conservative.
Dr. Frank C. Mont fort, editor of the
Herald and Presbyter, will stand as the
candidate of the Western conservatives.
There is not a shadow of a doubt as to
wfeai Dr. Moatford would do were he in
the moderator's chair. He is a conserva
tive of the conservatives. His family
name is enough to settle the faintest sug
gestion of doubt on that score.
Personally, as editor of the Herald and
Presbyter, bis Influence _ has been constant
and unceasing on the side of the old order
of theological belief and Biblical study.
He has been through the thick of the
fight at Cincinnati in the Smith case. The
New York conservatives would be satisfied
to rest their trouble with Dr. Briggs and
the Union Seminary in his hands.
But there is another conservative above
the horizon— Dr. David E. R. Breed of t he
First Church, Pittsburg. Dr. Breed will
not abate one jot or tittle of the strictest
orthodoxy in pulpit or seminary. He
stood as a forlorn hope of the conserva
tives two years ago, amid the almost solid
liberal delegation from Chicago, in the
desperate fight on the Theological Semi
nary question at Saratoga. Dr. Breed,
moreover, is a man 01 great strength of
character and fine personal appearance, af
fable, agreeable and popular. Being a pas
ior and not an editor would give him ad
vantage over Dr. Montfort in such a con
test, for the ministers of the Presbyterian
church are not overfond of their editors.
One factor in the contest is the strength
of the Western home missionaries, who
come in force to the assemblies. The can
didates for moderator chosen by the lib
eral side have been men of strong mission
ary spirit, and this vote has been cast usu
ally on their side. With two such men as
Dr. Montfort and Dr. Breed to divide the
conservatives, there is much ground for
the hopeful view of Dr. Withrow'a chances
indulged in by the liberals.
The attitude of the New York Presby
tery toward the General Assembly is sure
to awaken a bitter contest at Saratoga.
That attitude can best be described as de
fiant. The Pittsburg assembly ordered
the New York Presbytery and, in truth,
all presbyteries to not receive students edu
cated at the Union Theological Seminary,
because that institution persisted in its
contumacious treatment of the assembly.
The New York Presbytery as - well
as other presbyteries not only dis
regarded this order, but they criticized
and condemned the action of the assembly
in issuing thi* order as unwarranted and
unconstitutional. The conservatives are
prepared to view this act of the presby
tery with fiery eyes when they reach Sara
toga. , ;
The New York delegation, which is
almost solidly arrayed against the New
York Presbytery in this action, is greatly
discouraged at the outlook. They expect
a bitter tight and they anticipate a losing
fight as well. "A reverse may strengthen
us" — the words of one of the leading New
Yorkers— is their only consolation/
Equally important with the selection of
a moderator will be the consideration of
the low financial status of the great benev
olent boards of the church. The home
and foreign mission boards are practically
bankrupt, and such has been their con
dition for two years. They came before
the assembly last year with the enormous
debt of a half million of dollars.
To raise this sum the boards had.hy
pothecated every scrap of stocks and bonds
in their possession, the accumulations
from legacies of many years. Beyond this
their real estate possessions on Fifth ave
nue were weighted with heavy mortgages,
executed to raise money to build the great
Presbyterian palace on that thoroughfare.
Not a cent of credit was available to either
board, and a plain statement to that effect
was made by the treasurers at the Pitts
burg assembly. A grand committee was
appointed to raise a $1,000,000 memorial
fuud for the benefit of the boards. This
committee has been at work the past year,
and the result of its labors will be made
known.
The tneological seminary control project
also comes up again, having been re
submitted to the seminary boards for
further action. Such action has been
taken, and the committee will assemble
to-morrow at the Adelphi House, • S.-tra
toga, to digest and prepare a. report. The
report cannot be foreshadowed at this
writing, but it will be in line with the pre
vious action on the same subject, recom
mending further supervision and control
by the assembly of the temporal and
spiritual affairs of the Presbyterian theo
logical seminaries. .--
turer; neither waB he acting as an agent
for Ajpleton's 'Modern Art' publica
tions. He bad some of these art works
on band, which he had bought at
the exposition at Chicago and wanted
to rair-e a little money by selling them. If
he committed this crime insanity must
nave prompted him to it. This is at least
my opinion.
"He would frequently become very de
spondent and threatened more than once
to take his life. He seemed to have at
times a suicidal mania. I have often wor
ried, fearing he would do something of
this desperate nature.
"His religion was of the Buddhist and
theosopbical order. He would sit in my
office and enlighten me on the mysteries
of these cults. He attended the meetings
of the Theosophical Society on Post street
reeularly.
"He visited quite frequently the National
Guard rooms on Ellis street and was quite
a favorite with the boys.''
When questioned about a nightgown
found in Blanther's valise yesterday by
the police, which appeared spotted with
blood. Mr. Dodge said: "The nightgown
that was in the valise in Blanther's room
I saw some two weeks ago. I saw those
spots then, and Blanther called ray atten
tion to them, saying: 'This might be
taken for biood, but it is some acid that I
spilled on it.'
"He was a pronounced goldbug in his
political views, and often expatiated on
that subject by.the hour.
"The note of mine found by the police
yesterday (Sunday) in Blanther's room, to
the effect that I could not meet a certain
engagement, was written by me some
days ago, and went to his house by mv
little brother. It related to some writing
that he had asked me to <Jo with him.
"Speaking of his peculiar literary ability
he wrote a story entitled 'Jailer,' -which he
had endeavored to have published in the
Argonaut, but unsuccessfully.
"This story evidenced the strange turn
of hi« thoughts. The story begins before
the creation and continues in allegorical
style. The character Jailer is death.
"I have always been led to believe that
there was some woman who controlled his
actions, and who was at the bottom of his
extravagancies. I never heard from him
who this woman was, as he was not the
kind of a man that would bandy the name
of a woman about. I also believed he was
on good terms with the woman when he
left me in Oakland.
"Judging from the results of the crime
the instinctive feeling I have always held
as to his morbidness on the subject of
death and his capacity to do some desper
ate act has been confirmed. 1 have a faint
hope, however, that it may be proven he
is not the guilty man."
Whereabouts of the Rings — The
Murderer May Take His
Own Life.
Captain Lees on Saturday night at
tached the utmost importance to the ring9
taken from M rs. Langfeldt's lingers after
the murderer had iinished his bloody work.
He was particularly anxious that a sketch.
of tbe rings should be published in the
newspapers as in the event of the mur
derer disposing of them the person pur
chasing them could at once communicate
with the police and give a description of
the man who sold or pawned them.
It was assumed that if Blanther was the
murderer of Mrs. Langfeldt he must have
been driven to the deed by dire necessity,
and the fact that he took the diamond
rings from her fingers led to the conclu
sion that he did so with the intention of
selling them to procure funds to leave a
city where he could not find remunerative
employment.
A sketch of the rings was drawn by the
jeweler, who made them for tne mur
dered woman, and yesterday morning
copies were made and given to detectives
with instructions to visit every pawnshop
in the City with the object of ascertaminz
if the murderer had pawned them. What
success attended their efforts could not be
learned, but from Captain Lees' smil
ing countenance yesterday it was apparent
that ne had a trump card up his sleeve. To
all inquiries, however, the wily Captain
said that he had no information to impart.
It might nave been from some definite in
formation about the rings or something
of as much importance that he had dis
covered while searching Blanther's room
at 828 Geary street, or from the letters
which were found in Mrs. Langfeldt'a
room and a portion of which were trans
lated into English by a German linguist
yesterday.
Has Blanther left the City? This was
the great question at police headquarters
yesterday. Detectives Byram and Wren
were, it is supposed, close on his trail, but
they reported at police headquarters last
night without him. Detective Gibson was
also close on his trail yesterday, but like
the others was disappointed. It was re
ported last night that a man answering
Blantber's description had engaged a
room at 131 Montgomery street on Satur
day night, but Gibson, who went there
late last night, found that the man was
not Blanther. It was the general impres
sion that Blanther had aot left the City
and all the boats leaving the ferry and the
trains leaving the Oakland mole were
closelv watched by detectives in the hope
that he would attempt to get away.
But he did not make his appearance.
From the fact that tie had hinted at
suicide to some of his acquaintances, there
is a strong belief that he will not be cap
tured alive. The police are satisfied that
he is the murderer, and his absence from
his room at 828 Geary street and other
circumstances lead irresistibly to the con
firmation of that suspicion.
Captain Lees was so anxious about the
capture of the murderer that he did not
seek hi«> bel, but personally hunted up
evidence against the murderer and was in
a hack the greater part of the night. He
was in his oirke all day yesterday and did
not leuve till last night. Chief Crowley
was also on hand last night and early yes
terday n>orning and was kept posted as to
the movements of the force searching for
the murderer. Several of the detectives
I did not have a wink of sleep and
were on duty all day yesterday and
some of them up to a late hour last
night. There is the keenest desire on the
part of every member of the force under
Captain Lees to capture the murderer and
that consummation is expected a, any
moment.
Captain Lees Smiles and Says It Is
Like Hamlet's Whale in
the Clouds.
Captain Lees spent all of Saturday night
in wakfful study 01 what Mrs. Langfelt's
muraerer could look like. His vigil wore
on tlie old man's good nature and made
him cross until he read the morning
papers, in which, and especially in tha
il lustrations, he found something to make
him laugh.
"This brings me back," said the captain,
"to many years ago. It was in the days
when there was no water service in this
City excepting by water-carts, with their
ten-gallon buckets hanging behind. The
driver of one of these wagons and a
butcher who is here now were two sus
pects. A woman of the half-world had
been murdered and the evidence at first
sight implicated both.
"Subsequently, as the meshes became
entangled, the butcher was seen to be in
nocent, but the water-carrier's guilt be
came more apparent. This fellow, how
ever, had gone off to Virginia City, where
he murdered another woman, and, being
caught and convicted, he was hanged.
"But, this is not what I started to say.
"At the time of the Marie Smith mur
der in this City some German or other for
eign scientists had sprung the proposition
that a dying person's eye retained an im
pression of its Ia3t view, esDecialiy when
terror or horror was an element at the last
moment. In other words, a person being
murdered, and looking at the murderer,
would photograph his countenance and
general make-up in the retina of the eye.
It was said that by developing this won
derful results could be obtained.
"Well, I tried it. I got Drs. Gray and
Rowell and lots of others. They were the
most prominent pnysicians here and men
who would be prominent anywhere. They
prepared the eye of the woman to be pho
tographed."
As Captain Lees strung out the story
ilrawing upon his reminiscences his entire
frame shook with merriment at his recol
lections.
"Well," he continued, "you would
hardlv imagine what we saw in that mur
dered woman's eye.
"Sure as gospel there was a perfect pic
ture. Jeff Davis, beyond a doubt, was the
murderer, according to the negative, or I
never in my life saw a correct picture of
him.
"By turning the negative at a slant an
other likeness appeared, and for the mat
ter of that the lights and shades made
any picture the fancy would call for."
Under these circumstances and the fact
that the murderer of Mrs. Langfeldt must
necessarily have stood at her back while
cutting her throat, photographs of a flee
ing murderer secured from the dead
woman's eye must be drawn greatly from
imagination. So thinks Captain Lees.
Rev. Dr. Dill.- Tell* of Hit Experience
in the Hawaiian Islands.
Rev. Dr. Dille of Central M. E. Church
has just return d from Honolulu after a
six-weeks absence from this City. Dr.
Dille went to Honolulu to dedicate the
First M. E. Church there. He says that
the church is out of debt and has a mem
bership of nearly 100. On April 28 he
and a party of twelve visited the volcano
of Mauna Loa, which was in eruption, and
he says that the siebt war, well worth the
hardships of the journey. In the center
of the crater were two four tains of molten
lava. One of these was at least 150 feet
in diameter and it reached a length of 400
feet. The other was smaller, but the flow
of both was continuous for days. While
on the mounta ; n the party was caught in
a regular blizzard and .'mffered intensely
from the cold.
In speaking of the political situation at
the islands. Dr. Dille eaid that there is still
a great desire for annexation on the part
of the Government with the Uaited States. ;
CountessWachtmeister Says
Men Create Their Own
Hell.
HINTS OF SECRET FORCES
Dr. Allan Griffiths Says Men
Are Reborn on Earth
Many Times.
TWO THEOSOPHICAL LECTURES
An Argument for Cremation on the
Theory That tne Astral Body
Haunts Graveyards.
Ttie advent of the Countess Wachtmeis
ter of the Colonel Olcott faction of the
Tbeosophical Society has caused a stir
locally.
There were two largely attended meet
ings last night, one in Beethoven Hall,
addressed by the Countess under the hos
pitable wing of Golden Gate Lodge, and
one in Red Men's Hall, a few doors east,
where Dr. Allan Griffiths of theTheosophi
cal Society in America spoke to an equally
large and appreciative audience.
Before beginning his lecture Dr. Grif
fiths was asked to explain the difference be
tween the two factions of the seekers after
truth. He paid that the Theosophical So
ciety, of which Mme. Blavatsky was the
founder, was lirst organized in New York
City. J. Q. Judge, the predecessor of
President Hargrove, was the first vice
presideiu and secretary of the American
section. Judge was a great power because
of bis superior skill and judgment in draw
ing men and women to him, and he made
the American section a great organization
among the followers of the "Ho, ab
oriente, puos"— the light from the east.
When Madame Biavatsky died, Judge
stepped into her shoes, he beinp eminently
■well qualified for the position by reason of
his occult knowledge and his intimacy
with the adepts or Mahatmas who con
template the affairs of this life from the
snowy summits of the Himalayas, in
Thibet, where Abbe Hue saw so many
miraculous phenomena.
"Judge was much higher than a mere
student," said Dr. Griffiths in an inter
view last night. "He was the highest
chela.
"Colonel Olcott was only an exoteric
member, not an esoteric or student of the
occult. His knowledge of occultism was
what placed him at tht- head of the order.
Judge worked without salary ami never
used his power to benefit himself."
"Karma and Reincarnation" was the
theme of Dr. Griffiths' discourse. It w:is
up to ihe standard of his able efforts and
was liberally apnlauded.
Beethoveii Hall, in the Hotel Savoy, was
jam rued with people. Alter all the chairs
were taken several rows of men and
women were obliged to stand against the
walls. The Countess Wachtmeister is a
portly lady, on the shady side of 40. She
lias a full, rich voice, which she uses to ad
vantage, and she speaks in the accent of
an educated English woman. Her subject
was "D -ath and After," and it was han
dled from the theosophical point of view.
She spoke of having heard Dr. Spurgeon in
lioniion deliver a sermon on hell, in which
he pointed out the horrors of that place so
vividly that women trembled and burst
into tears.
She said that no one dreaded death so
much as the person who believes in the
existence of hell. People may create their
own hell on earth by vile and wicked and
malicious thoughts and people the space
around them with devils born in their own
minds. Thoughts are entities that will re
turn to torment the person from whom
they issue.
"We sorrow for the dead," said the
speaker, "but they do not sorrow lor us.
They yearn for the time when those they
loved on earth may meet them."
The seven parts of man intertwined with
the body were then described by the
speaker. The astral form, said the speaker,
could, at the command of a magnetizer,
leave the body oi the magnetized and
travel to distant points.
Some theosophists, of their own voli
tion .could go into a trance and send their
astral souls whithersoever they chose.
The speaker favored cremation as a
cleanly and sanitary method of disposing
of the bodies of the dead. It would also
prevent burial alive. A theosophical rea
son in favor of cremation, she explained,
was that until the gross material body had
disintegrated the astral form hovered
about the place of interment in the shape
of a bluish mist.
34
Its Beautiful Harbor Sur
rounded by Evergreen
Forests.
MANY FINE BUILDINGS.
Park Drives, Electric Roads,
Fire Brigade, Water Sup
ply and Churches.
SHIPPING, FISHERIES, MINES.
Steamship Lines and Railroads Are
Important Factors in the Port's
Prosperity.
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 14, 1896.—
When it is considered that Vancouver has
still to celebrate the tenth anniversary of
her incorporation and when further the
fact is recalled that until the completion
of ihe Canadian Pacific Railway the entire
province of British Columbia was to great
extent practically inaccessible and un
known, a brief notice of the city and sur
roundings may at the present time be of
interest.
Geographically situated 49.17 north Van
couver's latitude is midway between
that of London end Paris, to which
section of the European coast its
mean temperature and climatic conditions
£re by no means dissimilar, while its long
itude of 123 east is within 100 miles of mid
distance between London ana Hongkong
on the great circle of the earth.
Vancouver is built on the south shore of
Burrard Inlet, one of the finest and best
sheltered harbors in the world. The ap
proach from the Gulf of Georgia, which
separates the mainland from Vancouver
Island, known as the Lions Gate, has at
all staees of the tide sufficient depth of
water for the largest vessels afloat: the
narrows extend about a mile by the
grandly wooded shore of Stanley Park,
when Ihe harbor opens out to a width of
three miles, capable of affording anchor
age room for the entire British navy.
Five miles from the Lions Gate the
shores again contract, forming the second
narrows, beyond which the inlet divides
into two branches— the south arm. extend
ing to Port Moody (twelve miles), •while
the north arm, a favorite resort of pleas
ure-seekers, penetrates the land between
lofty mountains to a total distance of
twenty-threo miles, the soundings in the
upper reaches exceeding in some places
100 fathoms.
The city proper occupies a peninsula
•whose ridge has an elevation of 230 feet,
and this, combined with a subsoil of hard,
blue clay, affords a splendid natural drain
age, while the southern portions of Fair
view and Mount Pleasant are built on
rising ground of a similar nature.
On the north shore of the inlet, behind
the township of North Vancouver, the
mountains rise ridge upon ridge, attain
lne within a distance of ten miles an alti
tude of nearly 5000 feet; on the west the
Joftv range on Vancouver island, distant
about thirty miles, fornis a screen from
the storms of the Pacific Ocean, while to
the south and east the snow-capped peaks
of the Olympians and the Coast Kange
deck the horizon — a prominent feature
being Mount Baker, Wash., 10,680 feet.
The entire county is clothed with dense
evergreen forests of pine and cedar right
up to the snow line, so that for picturesque
scenery and surroundings Vancouver has
few rivals among the commercial cities of
the world.
The city has an unlimited supply of the
purest water for all purposes, and an effi
cient and well-appointed fire brigade; the
lighting is by electricity, and there Is also
an excellent' supply of gas; it has well
pavea and macadamized streets and an
efficient electric tramcar service.
Vancouver, having in its vicinity excel
lent quarries of granite and sandstone, can
already boast of many handsome build
ings, prominent among which may be
mentioned the Postofhce, Custom-house,
the Banks of Montreal, British North
America and British Columbia, Inns of
Court building, occupied by the Imperial
Bank; tlie Hotel Vancouver, Vancouver
Opera-house, Hudson Bay stores, fc«ir
Donald A. Smith and Lefevre blocks. The
courthouse occupies a prominent and cen
tral position. There are four well-built
and common public schools and a large
central Fchooi. The places of public wor
ship are: Episcopalian four, Presbyterian
three, Methodist three, Congregational
one, Reformed Episcopal one, Roman
Catholic one, Jewish one.
Stanley Tark, with iig drive of eignt
miles through the primeval forest, is now
attaining world-wide fame, while the elec
tric tramway to New Westminster (twelve
miles), again through the forest, affords a
speedy connection to the Fraser Valley.
Vancouver is steadily but Burely becom
ing the chief distributing center for the
province, and as population and demand
increase so may industries and manufac
tures be expected to follow.
H. Bell-Irving, president of the Van
couver Board of Trade, in his annual ad
dress just published makes the following
observations:
There has been a marked extension of
the salmon-canning business during the
past season. A good pack has been se-
cured and fair prices have been main
tained. The successful results of the
Fraser River salmon-hatcheries having
been demonstrated, it is hoped the Govern
ment will lose no time in undertaking
similar work on the Skeena. Shipments
of halibut continue to be made in fair
quantities, showing the value of our deep
sea fisheries, which afford opportunity for
great development. Professor E. E. Prince,
bead of the Dominion Fishery Depart
ment, visited the fisheries of the province
during the season, and the result of his
visit 13 likelv to be beneficial. It is under
stood Mr. Prince is in favor of extending
the operaiions of the hatcheries to northern
waters.
Tha development of the mines in the
upper country has been remarkable. The
experimental stage has now passed and
capital is being freely employed with suc
cessful results. Kootenay in particular
appears destined to produce great wealth.
Ttie population in that country has largely
increased and considerable activity is be
ing shown by rival railway companies in
pushing their lines into the heart of the
mininp districts to secure the trade. The
hydraulic mines in Cariboo have shown
encouraging results. The output of min
erals, exclusive of conl, has increased in
value from $785,000 in 1894 to about $3,000 -
000 in 199").
The total output of coal for British Co
lumbia for the twelve months ending De-
cember 31, 1895, amounts to 939,654 tons,
showing a decrease as against the previous
year of 73.299 tons, attributed partially to
the increasing importation of Welsh an
thracite to the California market, and to
the use of natural oil as fuel* The busi
ness has remained practically stationary
during the past five years.
Large quantities of fruit continue to be
imported! which could be jjrown in British
Columbia, but as increasing attention is
now being paid to fruit cultivation, and
the best methods of marketinp, this will
be an important industry in the near fu
ture.
Beyond ordinary repairs and improve
ments, work on railways has been chiefly
confined to the mining country of. West
Kootenay. Under the management of the
Canadian Pacific Railroad in that section
there are now in operation the following
lines: Kevelstoke to Arrow Lake.dS'a
kusp and Slocan to Sandon, and the Rnb
son ana Nelson. The others are the Kaslo
and Slocan and the Nelson and Fort
•Sheppard, the latter operated by the Spo
kune and Northern. The Trail and Ross
land line, a narrow-gauge road, is nearly
completed. The principal lines projected
are: The Crows Nest Railway to Nelson,
which will open up East Kootenay and
bring coal to the smelters; the line from
Slocan crossing the Slocan Lako to con
nect with the N'akusp and Slocan; and the
line from Rosslaud to Boundary Creek and
the Kettle River district, intended finally
to be continued into Sonthern Okanogan.
The shipping of the port continues to
increase In a satisfactory manner. The
tonnage in port will average for the past
twelve months in round numbers about
four times that of Victoria and twice that
of Nanaimo. There has also been an in
crease in the shipping on the Fraser River;
a new feature being that of recent years a
large number of vessels have loaded
salmon direct at the canneries, thus avoid
ing expense a:id delay of lighterage.
The magnificent steamers of the Empress
line of the C. P. R. make Vancouver their
home port, and sail every three weeks in
summer and every four weeks in winter,
carrying her Majesty's mails, and receive
year by year the increased patronage they
deserve. These swift boats were built
under admiralty supervision and form part
of the Royal Naval Reserve.
The steamers of the Canadian and Aus
tralian steamship line make monthly sail
ings to Sydney, via Honolulu and Fiji.
As regards local lines, the Union Steam
ship Company and the Mainland and
Nanaimo ruake Vancouver their head
quarters; the Canadian Pacific Navigation
Company run a daily boat from and to
Victoria; the boats of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company of San Francisco call
regularly every five days; there is a
steamer plying between Vancouver and
Puget Sound ports and between Vancouver
and Columbia River, while there is a reg
ular pteamsh?p communication with the
northern waters of British Columbia.
Vancouver possesses a magnificent and
perfectly sheltered harbor, accessible for
vessels of any draught, and with adequate
wharfage facilities, the charges for wuarf
age being levied on the cargo and paid by
the receivers. Although not yet possess
ing a drydock, there is an excellent beach
on the north side of the harbor, where iron
vessels can be safely beached for the pur
pose of being scraped and painted, the
rise and fall of the tide (13 to 15 feet)
being sufficient to permit this being done
in a satisfactory manner. Shipmasters
visiting the port all concur in praising the
natural advantage which enables them to
rid their vessel of marine growths in such
an inexpensive manner and with perfect
safety.
George Jones, a McKinley Boomer,
Disappears From His
Home.
Despondent Becaus? His Candidacy for
Delegate to St. Louis Was
Defeated.
PORT TOWN8END, Wash., May 17.—
Port Townsend Republican politicians are
much concerned over the disappearance of
George H. Jones, who was a prominent
candidate for delegate to the St. Louis
convention on the strength of bis boast
that he was a personal confidant of Mark
Hanna and a warm acquaintance of Major
McKinley, and would be a dispenser of
Federal patronage for the State of Wash
ington in the event of the election of the
Ohio man to the Presidency.
Jones has been in politics here for sev
eral years, and during the past two years
has been chairman of the county comni.t
tee, but at the recent primaries, on the is
sue of his candidacy for delegate to St
Louis, his faction was overwhelmingly de
feated in this county.
He then set up an opposition conven
tion and proceeded with his canvass, but
when he learned last Monday that it
would be impossible to get his irregular
delegation seated at Everett he became
despondent and began drinking heavily.
He has not been seen nor heard from
since that day by any of his acquaint
ances here, and his wife is almost frantic
with prief.
During the last session of theLigislatnre
Jones disappeared in the same mysterious
manner and was not heard from for two
weeks.
J. JO. SpreekeU and B. M. Shortridge
VUit the Seaside Town.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., May 17.— John D.
Bpreckeis and Samuel M. Shortridge ar
rived in the city this evening from San
Francisco after a few days' stop at Los
AngeleB, where they were entertained by
leading Republicans. A number of local
politicians met the gentlemen to-night at
Hotel del Coronado, but the discussion
was entirely 01 a general nature. Mr.
Spreckels declined to be interviewed and
Mr. Shortridge, answering for both, said
their visit to San Diego was not connected
with politics.
"Mr. 8preckels comes here pimply on a
short business trip," he said, "as you
know he has large interests here. He has
no need to come to Southern California
on political matters, aa the late conven
tion left nothing to be desired in that re
gard. Mr. Spreckels was loyally sup
ported by Southern Californians in his
tight to secure the supremacy of the
cleaner element in California politics."
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., May 17.— At the
meeting of the Democratic Central Com
mittee yesterday the following were
elected delegates to the State Convention:
Dr. 8. L. Blake, Hon. John McMurray and
Fred Beaudry. The deiegntes ■were In
structed to oppose woman suffrage.
Endeavorers Hold Services
in Many Houses of
Worship.
PRAISE GOD WITH SONG.
Events in the Life of Christ
Musically Illustrated by
an Orchestra.
ARMENIA NOT FORGOTTEN.
Hospitable Garden City Residents and
the Press Thanked in Reso
lutions.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., May 17.— The exercises
of the State Christian Endeavor Conven
tion opened this morning at 7 o'cIock with
a senior prayer-meetinc, led by State
President-eJect Guy "W. Campbell, at the
First Methodist Cburen, and at the same
time a junior prayer-meeting, conducted
by Miss Nason, was held at the First
Presbyterian Church. At the several
churches throughout the city denomina
tional rallies took the place of the regular
ruorning services, and there was a large
attendance of delegates at all of them.
Tbe First Congregational band of Oak
land gave a sacred concert at 2 p. m. in St.
James 1 Park, and rendered a fine pro
gramme. The concert was followed by
an evangelistic address by Rev. W. T. El
sing, after which the band went to tbe pa
vilion. There a special evangelistic ser
vice was conducted by Rev. John H. El
liott.
Id the afternoon also, the junior socie
ties gathered at their respective churches,
and at 3 p. m. m»rched to the Baptist Tab
ernacle, which was filled to overflowing
with the children and their friends.
Addresses were delivered by Rev. James
B. Orr of San Francisco, Miss Belle P.
Nason and Francis W. Reed. There were
many testimonials frcm the juniors and
special music by the junior choir of the
First Christian Church orchestra. In the
evening the session closed with a praise
service, and the following programme was
rendered.
Events In the life of Christ, musically illus
trated by the First Congregational Church or
chestra, Oakland.
The birth, "It Came Upon the Midnight
Clear."
The entrance into Jerusali-m, "The Palms."
The lament over Jerusalem, "Jerusalem,
Thou That Killeth the Prophets" (from St.
Paul.)
The crucifixion, "There Is a Green Hill Far
Away."
The resurrection— "The Resurrection."
The ascension — "Unfold, Ye Portals," from
"The Redemption."
Devotional service, conducted by A. J. Frost,
D.D., San Bernardino.
Evening prayer.
Vocal solo, "The Holy City," B. Frank Butts,
Trombone solo and orchestra.
Closing consecration service, Evangelist John
H. Elliott, State President Giles Kellogg.
"Come, Holy Spirit," orchestra.
Postlude, "Sacred Fest March," orchestra.
Resolutions were adopted on the Ar
menian question, liquor traffic, the selling
of liquor within the walls of the State
Capitol, Sabbath observance and the fol
lowing:
Appreciating the power of the press as an aid
in every good work to which it will lend its
influence, be it
Kaolved, That this convention extend its
hearty thanks to the Journals which have so
kindly and correctly published reports of our
proceedings, and to our California organ, the
Pacific Coast Eudeavorer, for its unswerving
loyalty to our cause.
Resolved, That we highly appreciate the un
tiring efforts of our officers during the past
year, and pledge to those elected for the pres
ent year our fullest co-operation.
Eesolved, That the thanks of this convention
be tendered to the churches of this city for so
heartily co-operating with us in our meetings
and in tendering us the use of their houses of
worship, and especially to the First Methodist
Episcopal Church and its officers for the many
courtesies they have extended to ns; also to
the Epworth League of the city for their
assistance to the local committee in entertain
ing the convention and In giving up their ser
vices and uniting with us in Christian fellow
ship. Knowing something of the work of en
tertaining a great convention, be it
Resolved, That the local committees who
have planned and executed bo successfully,
and the citizens of San Jose who have so cor
dially received us into thoir beautiful homes
and done all in their power to make our stay
pleasant, have placed us under lasting obliga
tions of gratitude to them, and herewith
tendered our most hearty thanks.
Aged William Thompson Wholly Bereft
of Memory.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 17— William
Thompson, a feeble old man, was found
aimlessly wandering about the residence
of E. £. Hough, on the Trimble road,
about four miles north of the city, this
morning. Thompson says he resides in
this city with his wife and son, but could
not give the address of his home. He
says he started for San Francisco last
Monday, but lost his way and has been
wandering around since. He is 84 years
of age ana came to California in 1860 from
Pennsylvania.
The old man is roughly dressed and has
long white whiskers. He has no memory
and does not realize that he is in San
Jose. It is believed he has strayed away
from some institution.
Frotpeeta of a fair Crop and an In
create in J'rices.
SAN JOSE, Cau, May 17.— Indications
point to as large a fruit crop this year as
last, but no definite estimate can be made
until about the middle of next month, for
prunes have been known to drop as late aa
June 15 after a cold spring. The prunes are
farther advanced and larger than they were
at this time last year. A large area of
young trees will come into bearing and
this will add to the volume of production.
There are about forty carloads of dried
fruit in tbe various exchanges, but this
will probably all be disposed of before the
new crop comes in. The stocks in the
hands of dealers in the East are very light
and prices oueht to be firm and advancing
instead of laving a tendency to fall. At
present they are 3}*' cents to 4 cents per
pound.
Woman'* Right, Advocate* Begin the
Campaign in Han Jott. ■
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 17.— The mass
meeting to be held at theUnltarian church
Monday and Tuesday afternoons and
evenings in the interest of the woman BUf-
frage amendment are attracting consider
able attention. Rev. Anna H. Shaw, Miss
Elizabeth U. Yates of Maine, Miss Garrett
Hay and Mrs. Nico Beclc Meyer of Den
mark, all noted suffrage advocates, will
deliver addresses. Other speakers are Mi*s
LucretU E. Watson of West Side, Miss
°*F ah M - Severance of Pacific Grove. Dr.
F it* u Averv and Mrs « Elizabeth M.
Galbraith.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 17.— JohnG.Gray,
who was struck by a north side streetcar
at Third and St. John streets last evening,
died at the City Receiving Hospital this
morning. Gray's right snouider was
broken and his side terribly crushed,
three of his ribs being broken. Gray was
drunit at the time of the accident. He was
an Englishman and about 55 years of age.
An inquest will be held to-morrow morn
ing.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 17.— Ezra S.
Bradlee, an old resident of Banta Clara
County, died at his residence in this city
yesterday afternoon. He was a native of
Haverhill, Mass., 73 years of age. He
came to California in 1858, and settled in
thia city in 1869. For a number of years
he was engaged in the real estate and bro
kerage business. A widow survives him.
The body will be shipped to Portland, Me.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 17.- "Jack" Bar
ing, who was arrested on a farm about
seven miles from Martinez, was brought
to this city this morning by Deputy Sheriff
Headen to answer to a felony charge.
Baring, who is about 24 years of age, is
charged by Antonio Sorepa with deceiving
his 17-year-old daughter, Mary, under
promise of marriage.
Frightful Result of a Brakeman's Mig
•tep From a Moving Train While
Switching.
A misstep from a moving train resulted
in the death and frightful mangling of
Harry Ferguson, a Southern Pacific em
ploye, last night.
Ferguson, who is about 28 years of age,
has been employed for about four weeks as
brakeman at the Mission Bay yards of the
Southern Pacific.
About 11 o'cloc* last night he was in
charge of a cut of cars which engine 1013,
under the direction of Engineer George
Hunter, had just given an impetus toward
the yard and uncoupled from.
About ten minutes after the engine had
uncoupled the engineer and nis fireman.
Quill, observing Ferguson had not re
turned, walked down the track and were
horrified to find his body with the head
completely severed therefrom.
It was otherwise horribly mangled.
Coroner Hawkins was notified and Dep
uty O'Brien was sent to take charge of the
body.
From letters found in the pockets it was
learned that he had a wife in Idaho. Little
is known of him here except that he is an
old railroad man.
Two Footpads Get a Gold Watch and
Chain From a Laborer This
Morning.
Peter Sullivan, a laborer, who resides at
813 Hayes street, was assaulted by two
footpads within a block of bis residence
about 1 o'clock this morning. He was on
bis way home when the men came upon
him. and without warning knocked him
down and proceeded to beat him. They
secured his gold watch and chain and left
him on the sidewaik, where he was found
and taken to the Receiving Hospital. He
was found to be badly battered about the
head and he could give no description of
his assailants. The police immediately
commenced a search of the neighborhood.
The English actors who com? over here
are intensely English when they first
arrive, but they soon show their apprecia
tion of American colloquialisms by appro
priating them. A gentleman of this city
relates that some time aeo, in the New
York Club, he met Fred Wright Jr., the
comedian. Some one was telling about a
woman who had just married her third
husband.
"By the way," the gentleman asked,
"where is her first husband buried?"
"He was cremated," was the answer.
"And the second?"
"Also cremated."
"By Jove." observed little Mr. Wright,
"that woman has husbands to burn,"— St.
Louis Republic.
Rancher Butler Disappears
Without Leaving His
Address.
LIKEWISE MRS. M'KENN.
Scandal-Mongers Combine the
Incidents and Sagely Shake
Their Heads.
THEY WERE INTIMATE FRIENDS
Proof of Which Was Supplied When
the Woman's Husband Thrashed
Butler.
LOS ANGKLES, Cal., May 17.— The
good people of Long Beach are agog over
the disappearance of F. G. Butler, a prom
inent rancher and the agent for Wash
burne, Crosby & Co., flour manufacturers
of Minneapolis. Simultaneously with his
going the pretty wile of George McKenn
left her home and scandal-mongers pro
fess to find some connection between the
incidents.
Some time aeo George McKenn, for
merly a real estate agent of New York,
purchased a ranch near Whittier and came
with his pretty wife, who formerly lived
in this city, to California for his health.
He later purchased a borne at Long Beach
and then returned East. McKenn's wife
went to Beach City. Among her early
acquaintances was Mrs. F. G. Butler. The
latter woman's husband made the ac
quaintance of Mrs. McKenn who had, dur
ing the absence of her husband, gone
under the name of Mrs. Talle. When Me
Kenn returned he found a decided friend*
ship between his wife and Butler, against
which he entered a vigorous protest. De
spite this protest the friendship continued,
including visits to Los Angeles ana other
places together.
On one occasion a few months ago the
enraged McKenn met the pair together in
this city and proceeded to thrash Butler.
But the visits and the intimacy continued
until the last night of the fiesta, when the
injured husband met them again in com
pany with each other here and again
mauled the Signal Hill rancher.
Butler afterward paid McKenn's fine
and sued for peace. - A day or so ago But
ler disappeared and bis whereabouts is
unknown. Mrs. McKenn is also ab
sent, "in the East," her folks say. Mrs.
Butler is now with her parents at Vernon
in this city. Their name is McClure. 8be,
it is claimed, will soon institute suit for a
divorce. KcKenn is in this city, and
owinK to having placed his property in his
wife's name at the time of the purchase, is
without means.
Profetaor JSolden on the Board Ap
pointed by the 1'restdent.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 17.-The
President nas appointed the following
named gentlemen as the board of visitors
to the Naval Academy : Professor E. S.
Holden of California, Robert B. Howell of
Omaha, J. C. Richburg of Chicago, C.
Scott, Rosedale, Miss.; J. C. Tappan of
Arkansas, J. W. Weeks of Boston, Senator
Blackburn of Kentucky, Senator Hale of
Maine, Representative Robinson of Penn
sylvania, Representative Lowe of N*w
"iork and Representative Adolff Meir of
Louisiana.
• — * — •
it is claimed that the perfume of flowers
disappears as soon as the starch in the
petals is exhausted; and it may, it is said,
be restored by placing the flower in a solu
tion of sugar, when the formation of starch
and the emission of fragrance will be at
once resumed.Wreckage From the Missing
Bark Picked Up by
Indians.
CREW AND PILOT LOST-
A. Life Buoy Bearing the Vessel's
Name Cast Upon the
Beach.
WENT DOWN IN A STORM.
Driven by a Furious G?le Onto the
Rocky Shores of Barclay
Sound.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 17.— At last
sotoeihing definite ha9 been learned co:i
cerninj; the fate of the British bark Cadzow
Forest, which has been missing for several
month? and bas been rosted as lost. The
news received confirms the worst fears,
and there is now Bcarcely any doubt bin
fiat the bark was wrecked and all hands
drowned.
The Methodist missionary steamer Glad
Tidines, which has on board a crew of
Methodist and Salvation Army mission
aries who preach the Gotpel to Indians,
arrived in iort j-esterday from a cruise
jinione the missionary stations on Van
couver Island and the northern coast. The
little steamer on this occasion was not the
bearer of glad tidings, for the information
brought by its skipper seals the fate of the
Cadx iw Forest. While at China Hat, in
the Alberni district, Indians showed him u
life-ouoy bearing the name "Cadzow
Forest," which they had picked up on tht
beach the day before. The Indians also
Mated that a quantity of wreckage wa
strewn along the shore. They thought a
big ship had been wrecked, though they
couid not tfive any description of it. The
Glad Tidings had on board several mis
sionaries, who were on their way to the
British Columbia conference, and they
confirmed the «tory. The matter was re
ported to Captain Gaudin, the agent of the
Marine and Fisheries Department at Vic
toria, who will othcially announce the loss
of the Cadzow Forest to the shipping
world.
The Cadzow Forest left San Francisco
for Portland, Or., several months ago to
load grain, and was seen off the mouth of
the Columbia River bar, where it took on
a pilot. A storm came up and the bark
was driven out to sea and never seen again.
The Cacizow Forest, though a stanch bark,
had on but little ballast at the time and
was in no shape to encounter a storm,
especially such as suddenly spring up on
the Pacific coast durinc the winter months,
and so as time rolled on and no tidings of
her were heard shipping men shook their
heads and whispered that there was but
little hupo for those on board. The Do
minion of Canada Government steamer
Quadra was sent by the friends of the min
ing crew to search for the bark along the
rockv coast of Vancouver Island, but the
search was fruitless, and then all hope was
abandoned. There were twenty-two of
the crew, most of them known in San
Francisco among shipping men.
From the facts known it would appear
that the Cadzow Forest was driven by the
storm on to the rocky shores of Barclay
ifound, on the west coast of Vancouver
Inland, where many a pood vessel has met
disaster. The Columbia River pilot must
have perished with the crew.
The Cadzow Forest was a British bark oi
1068 tons, and was well known on the
coast, more especially last year, when as a
lumber bark it was commanded by Cap
tain Mclnnes.
The Battle-Ship Oregon Soon to
Visit Cities on Puget
Sound.
Lieutenant -Commander Delano Se
lect d as Executive Oificpr
of the Vessel.
VALLEJO, Cat,., May 17.— The flagship
Philadelphia and the monitor Monadnock
have left the navy-yard, to be absent sev
eral months-. Thev will probably go north.
Because the Monadnock was constructed
at the Mare Island Yard it will be an
object of interest to residents in the ciiies
on Puget Sound. They will also have an
opportunity of viewing the Oregon soon
aitf-r it is tinally ritted out at the navy
yard.
No money has yet been received to re
pair ships now at the yard. Many men
are registering their names in the employ
ment office, hoping to be among the first
to be called when orders are received to
commence repairs on the Baltimore anil
other ships. The Concord and Petrel will
require but a short time— two or three
monihs — to be refitted.
The Alert will remain on the lower coast
for some time to come. A shipment of
nearly 150 packages of stores was made to
the vessel, which is now at La Libertad.
J. M. IfUsaps, formerly County Treas
urer of Glenn County, nan accepted a posi
tion :i< :ime clerk in the department of
construction and repairs, to til! a vacancy.
Another gentleman had been appointed
to the pace, but it was found that on the
day he should have reported for duty he
was in attendance at the Republican Con
vention at Sacramento. The fact was
reported to Secretary Herbert, who forth
with rescinded the former appointment
and named jhe incumbent.
For the lirst time in many months a
discharge occurred in the ordnance de
partment last week owing to lack of funds.
Orders have been i-sued that on June 1
Captain H. L. Howison will relinquish
command of the Mare island Navy-yard
and be assigned to special duty in connec
tion with the new Q'leen of the Navv, the
battle-snip Oregon, and on that date Rear-
Admiral W. A. Kirkiand will take com
mand of the navy -yard.
Lieutenant-Commander F. H. Delano
has been selected as the executive officer
cf the Oregon.
A week from Monday Chief Engineer
George F. Kutz will be detached from the
department of steam engineering and
placed on the retired list June 25, at which
date the chief will have served forty years
of active service in the navy.
A Death ac lallejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., May 17.-Kugh Daily,
long a resident of this city, died at the
County Hospit8l this morning. For many
years Daily operated a line of Btages be
tween Nortii and South Vallejo.
Delegates to the Supreme Circle, Compan-
ions of the Forest, Will Convene
To- Day.
URIAH, Cal., Way 17.— About eiphty
dele/rates to the tenth annual session of
the Supreme Circle, Companions of the
Forest, of the racific jurisdiction, arrived
to-day. The Companions of the Forest are
an auxiliary of the Ancient Order of For
esters. The session will open to-morrow
at Odd Fellows' Hal).
The present officers of the supreme cir
cle are Mesdames Minnie Aafaer, tirand
supreme chief ; E. MoLane, sub-chief: If.
l'.oehrn, supreme treasurer; EL R. Roy,
Bopreme secretary: Eate Howard, supreme
right gr.ard ; K. Humbert, supreme left
guard; Mary Boyd, supreme inside guard,
und O. Miller, supreme outside guard. A
few amendments to the eeneral laws are
to be made, and the principal business to
be transacted is the election of officers for
the ensuing year. Mrs. McLane. at pres
ent sub-chief, will in all probability In'
unanimously elected grand supreme chief.
Several candidates are mentioned for the
othoe of supreme secretary, but it is gen
erally conceded that office will en to Mrs.
K.. M. Flynn of Social Circle No. 118, who is
now junior past supreme chief. At this
session a resolution lookinp toward a reduc
tion of the per capita tax from 50 to 40
cents will be introduced.
A reception will be tendered the visiting
delegates to-niorrow evening by Circle
(Jueen of the Redwood of this place.
liinrournged (totd-Sreker* Return on the
, Steamer Mexico.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 17. — Eighty
passengers, possibly one-half of them dis
appointed gold-seekers, returned from
Alaska on the steamer Mexico, which ar
rive! in port at 6 o'clock this morning
from Juneau and Sitka. Cooks Inlet, ac
cording to the Mexico's advices, is still
packed with ice jams and very few, if any.
of the gold-hunters who left Puget Sound
ports for the Turnafjain Arm had suc
ceeded in reaching their destination at
the time of the vessel's departure from
Sitka. However, the route into the Yu
kon is unobstructed and many hundreds
of miners have found their way in from
Juneau.
The Veteran Reformer Bid* Her Bible
Clan* ruj.il, \.ii«-ii for a
Season.
Mr?. Sarah B. Cooper had a very large
slathering of men and women at Native
Sons' Hall yesterday, many of whom par
ticipated in the class lesson. Before the
opening Mrs. Cooper announced that she
and her daughter, Miss Cooper, expected
to leave on Tuesdav morning for Louis
ville, Ky., to attend the biennial meeting
of the General Federation of Women's
Clubs, to be held in that city from May
'26 to 30. The federation is composed of
over 50m clubs, in this and other coun
tries. Mrs. Cooper is treasurer of the fed
eration, and goes on under official au
siiices.
She will speak twice at the parliament
in Southern California en route. After
the meeting of the federation Mf«. Cooper
and Miss Cooper will visit kindred in
Chattanooga, Tenn., where the former is
to speak several times. Returning by the
way of Chicago and the State of Washing
ton they expect to reach home about the
16;h of June, in time for the normal kin
derearten graduating exercises.
The ie&son of yesterday was on the
"Parable of the Pounds." It dealt with the
faithful and unfaituful stewards. It was
rhown that a faithful use of every capacity
opened fresh avenues of usefulness. The
difference was not in the amount with
which one I. as to work, but in the indus
try and fidelity witn which it is used. To
be true to small trusts is to be prepared
for larger ones. Great occasions do not
make great men; they only reveal gr^at
men, who have made themselves ready for
the occas on. Every day the message
comes, '-Occupy till I come!" To do
what we can is the highest principle of
life. Rev. Mr. Nash will take charge of
Mrs. Cooper's class till her return.
He Finds Serious Fault With Some of
the Statement* Blade by Cor
oner Hawking.
San Francisco, May 17, 1896.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: In
this morning's issue of The Call appears an
alleged interview with Coroner Hawkins in
regard to the suit for damages instituted
against him by the widow of the late Jens W.
Sonderup, in which the Coroner is alleged to
have *aid the undertakers informed him that
I had paid the expenses of the funeral
of the said Jens W. Sondemp and that
I had told him (Hawkins) at the time
of the man's death that the family did not
contemplate instituting a damage suit against
the raiiroad, bin d>-.<ir.-d that tne man might
be buried qoletly without an autopsy.
In regard to the first allegation I wish to say
that the body of Mr. Sonderup was placed with
the undertakers, Messrs. Gautner <fc (iuntz,
by the widow herself , and that I have not con
tributed a single eeni toward said funeral or
in any way pledg--d myself to be responsible
in any way for the expenses thereof.
In regard to the second allegation I wish to
8*y tlmt a suit for damages iu the sum of
*2(i o(»O against the Bontbern Pacific Railway
Company was pending in the Superior Court
at the time of Mr. Sond< nip's dcn'h. and the
alleged statement made i>- us false as the death
certificate filed by ihe Coroner in the Health
Office. Respectfuliy submitted,
C&AS. <i. KUHI.MAN, M.D.
A Lady's Screams Prove the Cause of
it Pickpocket's Apprehen
sion.
A rather daring pickpocket was neatly
apprehended last evening at about
6 o'clock by Officers Dinan, Sil
ver and Hutchins. The man, who
Rave his name at the station as
Charles Williams, but is otherwise known
as Collins, attempted to take a purse from
the pocketof Mrs. who resides at 1602
Post street, as she was passing the French
Catholic Church on Bush "street, near
Stockton. Mrs. Daniel screamed and the
fellow ran into a neighboring lodging
house,where he was followed and captured
bv the officers. He was charged with grand
larceny.
» ♦ — «
Golden Gate Union Will Welcome Re
turning; Delegates.
Golden Gate Union of Christian En
deavor will bold a "convention rally" this
evening at 7:45 in the First Presbyterian
Church, corner of Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street. All the endeavorers in
the City will be present to welcome the re
turning delegates from the State conven
tion, as well as to meet and greet Miss
Belle P. Nason and her company of young
worKers. Miss Nason is the State "super
intendent of junior worK, and under her
efficient management that branch of en
deavor work has prospered wonderfully in
every part of California. She will be one
of the speakers of the evenine. and will
brine; the first news from San Jose, pre
senting especially the junior and interme
diate phases of the Christian Endeavor
movement. Reports already received
from the delegates who went from San
Francisco are brimful of. enthusiasm
which they hope to impart to the 2800 en
deavorers of Golden Gate Union, and give
them a foretaste of what the convention of
1S97 will mean. The numerous societies
in the union are preparing most enthu
siastically for the rally, and will be repre
sented by large delegations.
Thirty - Seventh Annual
Festival of the Organi
zation.
A DAY AT SHELL MOUND
Rifle-Shooting for Cash Prizes
One of the Chief Attrac
tions.
SCHUETZIN KAISER HONORED.
William Ehrenpfort, the Oldest Man
in the Club, Carries Off the
First Prizs.
In 1859 a number of German- Americans
formed an organization of the social,
fraternal and military order, which was
called the San Francisco Schuotzen Verein.
Yesterday was the beginning of a two-day
festival to celebrate ttie thirty-seventh an
niversary of the organization. Captain
L. Siebe of Shell Mound Park has for
several days been preparing for the event,
ana no pains were spared to make the
shooting, bowling, dancing and general
merry-making a erand success. This
verein forms an interesting chapter in the
early history of San Francisco. It was the
first and only independent company
called into active service during the late
war.
Two days after the assassination of
President Lincoln, Chief of Police Burke
accepted tho proffered services of the
Schuetzen Verein and placed the company
in the old Alta publishing office to protect
it from the lawless element that threatened
to demolish the paper and presses. It
was with a manifestation of deep emotion
that Captain Schmidt of the regular
troops relieved the volunteers, for tie was
one cf the first captains of the latter.
From the past to the present this verein
has not in the least lost its popularity, and
its last act of American patriotism was to
march under the American fla:r, which
floated yesterday on the breeze with the
company's new State flag. ;"•'■'
This flag was purchased bv a committee
consisting of A. Browning, ft. Finking and
Charles Thierbach. Before starting out
yesterday morning Mr. Browning, who is
one of the oldest members, presented the
new flag, which is a beauty, with a short
and appropriate address arid a little later
the verein's new State Has* and Old Glory
were kissed by the same breeze. The ex
pectations of the members were fully real
ized, for Shell Mound Park was alive with
friends and members by noon. Great in
terest was manifested in the target shoot
ing and the verein oecupied half of the
twenty-six stands.
Among the riflemen was one to whom
all lifted their hats in respect. He was
Fritz Uagemann, the Scbuetzen Kaiser or
Emperor. This title was won twelve
years ago at • the twenty-fifth anniver.-ary
of the verein, at which all the German so
cieties and clubs were represented. In
keeping with an old Fatherland custom
there was eagle shooting and the con
ferring of the title of shooting king. :
Beinc the twenty-fifth anniversary, the
title was raised to Schuelzen Kaiser. Al- i
though there were many riflemen who
aspired for the honor and shot hard to dis
member the eagle on the pole, it was
Haeemann's bullet that found the right
spot, and he urought down the remaining
wing, the tail and the body. At that time
the German war had just come to an end,
and the Crown Prince was affectionately
called by his friends "Our Fritz," and this
name was at once bestowed upon Fritz
Hngemann.
Aside from the honor the winner re
ceived the beautiful silver wreath, which
is seen in the accompanying picture, the
highest medal and the choice of over 150
valuable prizes. The man who bears the
title of Schuetzen Emperor is also exempt
from all club tines, is not compelled to
carry a rifle and is not obliged to march
with the officers when the club turns out
in a body. While all due honors were
paid to the Kaiser jesterday, he will ap
pear in all his glory to-day, it being the
anniversary of the date upon which he
received his title.
Of the two days the most important
will be to-day, when the eagle-shooting
will take place, for with it will go the king
prize, and a larger attendance than yester
day is expected.
There was one man yesterday who was
honored almost as much as the Kaiser.
He is William Ehrenpfort, a veteran
marksman of 69 summers. It was tie who
carried off the highest prize for shooting
on the company's target, making 71 out of
a possible 75 points. The younger shots
had to take a back seat when confronted
with "Grandpa" Ehrenpfort's score of 24,
23, -4. On the company target there were
seventy-four valuaulc prizes and the fol
lowing shows thirty winners and their
scores in the order given :
W. Khrenpfort 24 23 34—71
D. J. m-ise 22 24 "21-67
N. Ahrens 17 25 24—
A. Juneb'.ut 21 23 21-65
H. (StelliiiK 23 24 17— 0*
A. 11. Tap" %. 22 18 23—63
F. AUin,.r 21 22 19-62
Fred Brand 23 18 20—61
A. Bertelsen 21 22 18-61
1* Kltz<!au 25 22 14—
O. I.emfce -it 10 22 CO
G. llenzel 24 14 22-60
A. Huber 21 18 21-60
L. rondel 20 22 18— t,U
0. IVin 21 23 16-60
t\ Koch. 18 19 22—59
F. I". Schuster ...20 19 20—
H-il'it.'r 28 21 15-59
John Tliode... 18 20 20—69
I), von <]• r Mehfien 15 24 10—58
K. Wtrtholmer 20 19 1»— 58
J. Ut.schiu 23 19 16—58
W. Glinde.Tiaun..... 16 20 21— ,i7
H. 1 node 17 21 19—57
J. Tiedeinann IP 13 21—56
H. Zeeber : 16 16 23-55
C Thierbach 18 18 19-65
D.H. Faktor 18 is 18—54
A. Langf 18 21 15—54
.N. Kemelsberger. .....22 18 14—64
There was a hot competition all day on
the point target, for there was about $400 to
be distributed in prizes. The prize-winners '
will not be made known until the Company !
can compare scores and the results will
be made known on Thursday evening at
the social and distribution, which will he '
held in California Hall, G20 Bush street.
Among those who made large scores on
these targets, six shots to a score, were
the following:
H. H. Burfeind; 12, 11, 11; \\\ Remens
perger, 9; P. Bruuotte, 13; O. Lempke, 11- u.
Alters, 11; II. Plngeniann, 10; <;. Schultz 9*
F. P. Schuster, 14, 12, 12, 12; N. Ahr.ns 'l.V
10: D. B. K»ktr>r. 11. 13, 10, 12; L. Bendel 11
<:. Thierbfich, 11, 10, 10: W. Gllnderaaun. ll'
it), J2; A. Sirecker. 10..12, 12, 12, 13; k'
Wertlieiiaer, . 11; F. Attiimer, 10 A. Juneblut'
10, 10; P. Zecher. '.); U. Finking, 9; J. Utschie'
11,13,12, 12,:12; Judge Bahrs, 13; II Hell
ben;, 12; A. Lemare, 10. ■
First bullseye in morning, H. H. Burfeind
last in forenoon, Judge Bahrs; first in after
noon, A. H. Pape; last in afternoon, D B
Faktor.
Among the guests was John Hauerwaas,
one of the best marksmen of the Los An
geles Turner Verein.
■ •. - " ■ — ♦' 1 .
A Large Number of the Musket
Shooters MaKe Their Monthly
Records.
On the military range at Shell Mound
Fritz Hagemann, for Twelve Years the Schnctzen Kaiser of the San Francisco
Schuetzcn Verein.
[Reproduced from c photograph.]
yesterday the military marksmen held
forth in goixllv numbers. In this respect
Company F of the Fifth, of Oakland, is
always in the had. Every time this com
pany has its record shoot the attendance,
on an averat:*'. is larger than that of any
other company in the guard. On it.s roll
are many young members who, while not
able tocornvete with the more experienced,
are still making cood progress under the
instruction of the officers. The scores
yesterday stood:
J. E. Sutcti 35. U. G. Axx 31, G. F. Wal
ters 2, F. Beholzc 2, John Baker 29, Morse 26,
P. T. Johns:, 34, A. W. Blakely 20, F B. Wil
son 24, A. 1'. V Wilson 35, MeV'rudden 35, L.
BiiUlster 27, Mi Kenon 22. W. M. Unda 84,
Lieutenant I,. B. Wcnk 24, J.S. Karney L8, 3.
K. Ring 40, sum 21>, (;. a Hanson' :$»;, F.
Barker 30, 1'. >■ Madge 83, E. O.
Williams 21, A. 11. Harltridfre 15, G. \.
Beott 29, K. II. Sto king ;;;i, J. McGolre39,
SiTK'-ant H. K. !la:v.y 41, R. Hanson 4i.
Mitchel :».">, Corpora] Wethero 42, \v. 88,
P. winutc 28, A. J. Huru.nl :io, Covalt 4">.
I'etei>on 'Mi. Hnnson 85, K. J. Adami 2S, C. V.
Estey 43, E. P. Welle 80. W. W. Kowe 83, M. U.
Hinl 28. H. Parsons 2s, i>. c. Prestos 37, K. H.
>haw 82, H. Horwegs 7, 8. J. Su-anson 36, T.
M. Smit.'i 2'i. C. A. Clongfl 11. W. P. Gri.fen 37.
K. W. Miller ;v.i. Q. W. Scott 28, C. 1'. Griffin 31,
Bergetnt J. I>. Kennedy 42. »'orp<>ral K. \V.
Snow 24, Hnwiaixi 17, \V. .). Wilson 2">. I'. H.
Bray 21, F. R. Carter 7, L. G. Dariing 42, Lieu
tenant Cobbiedick 44, A. Seers 37.
Company I shot two records for April
and May. The scores were as follows:
AdiT. scores— M. J. Sfaeehun 36, H. Lemen
t\ -i 36, Bucking 34, B. J. GllUa 43, Beydens
■z;i. sunderlanrt 25, F. K. Moore 41. BtrippeJ
■i-, Captain RicLter 40. Ahlborn 41, Li> ;.:■;,
am Tobin 46, H. Hall 43, J. I>. McCarthy 39,
Berrv lit. Von Buden 43, William Meyer 33.
May score— H. Lemcntyre 40, She">han 41.
Moore 4<>, Tobln 43, Captain Riehter 40, Gillis
10, Bnnderland 24, llali 43. McCarthy 39,
Strippe] 4'2. Ahlboru 41, Bucking 34, Berry 21,
The scores of Company A of the Fifth,
regular monthly medal shoot, were a9 fol
lows:
W. .1. Downle 42. Corporal Poulter 43, Me-
Cormirk 41, C. Puckftt 40. 0. \V. I'uckoit 4O.
. C. H. Kllis> 41, G. Jahnipen 3S, JamkprSS, B.
It. ilunt 3H. A. Jahuiten 3O. K. I'atrey 34,
Deed* 24, Bvran 2!>, Brink 29, DicKi-on '2<i,
I Thompson 80, Botkiht 30, F. Ptter-ou 39,
Bodwell 42, LitOeleld 31, McKilhcan 17.
The members of the Knights of the Red
Branch Rifles made the annexed scores on
their monthly medal shoot:
Captain J. Sheeny 42. Corporal J. J. Poger
son 43, Corporal D. KiiRsell 36, Ed Lee 24, M.
Connelly 23, Lk-utenan' M. Mannix 34, D. J.
Murphy 31, P. I>onohne 88, .John Fay 3S, J. II.
Hogan 36, P. Killeen 39, Junies Rogerson 36.
John Tracy 40, P. Hallinan 19, W. H. Shorten
"7, John Uiirns 24. A. Slarron 15, T. M addon
31. I*. McKeon 33, J. Loughrey 16, Jhiir-
Smitli 40.
niord.Mi, Coast Champion, and Nealon
Defeat Bonnet ai.d Donnelly,
Amateur Champion. -
The handball courts were crowded yes
terday and the spectators were treated to
I several interesting and closely contested
games. At the San Francisco court the
attraction was a match between John Rior
: dnn, the coast champion, and J. C. Nealon
and T. F. Bonnet and P. T. Donnelly, the
amateur champion. It was stubbornly
' contested from start to finish, and Riordan
and Nealon won the final game by only
i three aces.
At the Union court the event of the day
; was a match between R. Lenihan and J.
\ Harlow. the ex-coast champion, and J. J.
; Feeney and Jerry McMan us. .Ler.ihanand
; Harlow won in three straight games, but
by narrow majorities.
. It was said yesterday that Bonnet had
challenged Harlow to play a return match
in two weeks* and that Harlow was willing;
also that Harlow will soon challenge Rior
i dan to play a return match for the cham
i pionship.
Following were the carries played yes
terday :
San Francisco court— P. Ryan and M. McNeil
i were defeated by W. Manning and G. McDon
ald, 21— 16-21,21— J. Collins ana M.
Edwards defeated Austin Hcndy and T
Kyan, 21-18. 15—21, 21—20. D. Con
nolly and P. Ryan defeated \V. Man-
Ding and O. McDonald, 21— 12—21
21— J. White and J. Sullivan defcaed
! J. NnRle and M. Hanniberry,21— 12, 14—21
21—20. J. McKvelpy and A I Pennoyer were de
| feated bv P. Kelly and P. Hutchinson, 21—13
16—21,21—18. K.8bM and R. Shields defeated
T.Suilivaii and D. O'Brien. 21—17, 19—21, 21—
20. \V. Kyau and D. Prin^lo defeated- J.
McCarthy and J. Kenny, 21— 17—21, 21—
' 19. John I^iordan, coast champion, and J. C
Nealon delected T. F. Bonnet and P. J. Don
nelly, the amateur champion, 21 — 15 21—13
21-16, 21— M," 21— 18. --*■-■''
Union— Matt Nally and J. Moore defeated P.
Fay and M. Rogers, 21— 13, 21—15. Tom Jor
dan, and William Kehoe defeated P. F. and
M. Rogers. 21— 13, 21—15. George McGuire
and Professor Lynch defeated C. Johnson and
P. Johnson, 21— 20, 21—18. P. Sullivan and
R. Roady defeated R. Patterson and P.Boyle,
21— 21— 16. George Ackerson and William
McManus were defeated by A. Balzner and A.
McKennoy, 21—18, 21— Ben Chapman and
T. Lenihan were defeated by J. O'Donnell and
J. Howard. R. Lenihan and J. Harlow de
feated • J. J. Feeney and Terry McManus.
21— 21— 16, 21—20. ■
« • »
The Rev. Father Vaughn of the Gregory Mis
sionaries, an English Catholic priest ana
brother of Cardinal Vaughn, preached the ser
inon last evening in St. Mary's Church. The
text of his sermon was: "The Growing Want of
Religion in London. " He delivered an inter
esting review of the condition of the puople of
the lower class, not. uniy in Lonaou, but in the
great cities of Eugland.and declared that while
England has always been a Christian country,
it is becoming d-i-Christianized because of trie
lack of religious teaching. He spoke of the
work of the St. Gregory Mission, which he said
is to work among the destitute, the vicious
and the criminals and save them through
religion.
B Company of the First
Regiment in Active
Work.
TACTICS DEMONSTRATED
Problems of a Minor Order
Worked Out by the Mili
tiamen.
IN ACTION FOR FIVE HOURS.
First Serious Operations of the Newly
Reorganized Guard in San
Francisco.
"Call it the battle of Ingleside." some
body suggested after a band of militiamen
had skirmished over the sanddunea and
scrubby hills oat near the Ocean House
yesterday.
"Rather the batte of Nowhere," replied
the spectator.
"Nowhere," it was called, though a
brave fight was made and the brawny young
fighters hud been in action for Jive long
hours or more, borne of the hours were
long, indeed, but one was very short, when
the bugle called all to a hearty lunch un
der a clump of trees. The neutral ground
presented quite another kind of battle. No
sham, no blank cartridges. Simply a
wagonful of tempting food and 100 hungry
young fellows attacking it from all direc
tions and mainly in open order. Ihe lun
cheon was an important feature of the
event, for the boys had been put through
good hard service, and a taste of rough
campaigning was not mere play.
It vu tho first sorious active movement
oince the National Guard was reorganized
in fc^an Francisco aud showed that the men
in command meant business.
The City Guard, B Company, First In
fantry Regiment, N. G. C, formerly B
and D companies, wa« the fighting force,
divided against itself and one-half using
all its cunning and military skill to gain
advantage over the other part, which in
turn fell back on its knowledge of tactics
and its cleverness to win. They plodded
and marched, crawled and rolled, counter
marched and feinted among a villainous
collection of hills, hollows, dunes, this
tles, prickly shrubs and more or less
stunted trees. And all this to tight on
one side for a blue flag and on the other
for a red one. Judges of tactics declared
| it a very creditable and satisfactory dis
| play; and as for the enthusiastic soldiers
themselves, they held it was the proper
thing, even if it did prove a strain on
their energies. More than one of them
remarked if that were to be the system
under the new order of things Califoruia
was going to have a crack National Guard.
B Company received orders at the
armory early in the morning dividing it
into two equal parts for the purpose of
making a small demonstration of prob
lems in minor tactics. Each party had
written and sealed orders to report at a
se;ected station at a certain time. One
: section was niven a red flag and marched
by itself to a place of hiding in the hills,
unknown to the blue-tia^ men. Each had
a guide in the secret, and when the com
batants had reached their positions Lieu
tenant B. B. took command of
the reds and Lieutenant A. F. Kamm of
the blues. Then scouts were Mnt out by
each to find the enemy. These scouts
went by devious ways, lest the location of
their own forces should be discovered.
They in turn gave way to reconnoiterers,
who were deployed as matters began to
appear interesting.
The scouts were sharpshooters and oc
casionally wonld take a pop at an enemy.
Firing became more frequent as the skirm
ishers bobbed up from behind dunes of
sand or clumps of brush. The effect was
realistic and much enjoyed by the spec
tators. Meanwhile the reserve of each
\ .-arty was in hiding until the proper time
to move appeared at hand for either one.
The scheme was to get position and
thereby gain advantage over the enemy,
and in attempting these maneuvers
marching and flanking were done. The
opposing forces were 5000 yards apart at
the start and could not see each other
until they advanced quite a long distance.
Once they drew near tiring changed from
desultory shots to volleys, and the melee
was sugeestive o/ a genuine, bloody battle.
MaJorT. B. Cook, who was judge of the
tactics, declared that neither side got an
advantage, though the work of both was
satisfactory. The efforts to keep out of
sight were commended.
A re'A well earned was taken for lunch
eon, after which the company fired in vol-
leys at silhouette targets. Tie men were
formed variously and fired advancing, re
treating, etc., with the result that the
targets were "killed" about rhty limes over.
Captain George Filmer of the company
was a non-combatant, but had general su
pervision of the tactics. Lieutenant-Colonel
Du Boce, Major I. B. Cook, Captains Miller
and Cunningham, of the First, and ils
former commander, Colonel Bush, were
present.
Result of the Kunning at Ocean View
and Ingleside Parks Yester
day.
The reopening of Ocean View Coursing
Park drew a large crowd of local grey
hound enthusiasts yesterday and the pre
dominance of betting men kept the pool
box busy making out and cashing pools
from the moment the stake opened until
the flag went up for the last race. The
talent succeeded in picking the winners
in all but a few races, and the flay passed
off most satisfactorily. The hares were a
fast lot and kept theUogs very busy catch
ing them. Following is the result of the
run-down:
J. O'^heas Active beat P. Litter's Abbey Lass,
W. Murphy's Fireman beat If. Welche's Bell
ringer, C. Evans' Dashaway beat E. O'Brien's
Nellie C, J. O'Shea's Firenzi beat J. T. Han
non'f Marguerite, J. Segeraon's White Chief
beat W. Paw's Lady Claire, J. M. JlcLaughlin's
Ben Brush beat P. Farrell's Unknown. T.
Neenau's Pop Larkin beat B. Thompson's Can
did, T. Flynn's Captain Jim beat C. Evans'
Mascot, I). Chilla'a Hat>ny Day beat M. easter
ly's California Violet. A. Adams' Lucky Dog
beat J. Tracy's London, T. Walton's Bobolink
beat W. McComb's Locomotive, J. Sexsmitli's
Mission Boy beat R. McCnbe's King Carlo, D.
Tolaiid's Twilieht beat W. M. McComb's Black
bird, J. O'Shea's Fearless beat W. J. Hynes' Joe
Terry, J. O'Shea's Tullamore beat J. P. Han*
non's Foxhall. J. Segerson's Gold Hill a bye.
First ties— Fireman beat Active, Firenzi beat
Dashawav, White Chief beat Ben Brush,
Captain Jim brat Pop Larkin, Happy Day beat
Lucky Dog, Mission Boy beat Bobolink,
Twilight beat Fearless, Tullamore beat Gold
Hill.
Second ties — Firenzi beat Fireman, White
Chief beat Captain Jim, Mission Boy beat
Happy Day. Twilight beat Tullamore.
Third ties— Firenzi beat White Chief, Twi
light beat Mission Boy.
Final— Twilight beat Firenzi.
Prizes— $20, $15. $7, $7.
Judge, Ed Canavan; slipper. John Cranston.
Next Sunday a sapling stake, the win
ner of which will receive a silver cup in
addition to the money stake, will be run.
On the same day an all-aped stake will
be decided, the management adding $25
to the $2 50 entrance money.
Ingleside Park was the scene of a
twenty-four do» stake yesterday, in which
Spinaway proved the winner after a gruel
ling course with Flashlight.
The betting was up to the average and
the favorites won in the main. Following
is the result of the run-down.
Spinaway beat Wee Nell, Reliance beat Jim
mie Rix, Napoleon Jack beat Tom Boy, Ilene
beat Rosa B, Valley Maid bent Ju<?ge, iskyball
beat Mollie liawn, True Blue beat Cousin
Peggy, Joe Bowers beat Typewriter, Rollalong
beat Karthquake, Flashlight beat Laurel Leaf,
Cooniassie beat Ironclad, Lightweight beat
Famous.
First ties— Spinaway beat Reliance, Napoleon
Jack boat Ilene, Valley Maid beat Skyball.
True Blue beat Joe Bowers, Flashlight beat
Rollalong, Coomassle beat Lightweight.
Second ties— Spinaway beat Nacoleon Jack,
Valley Maid beat True Blue, Flashlight beat
Coomassie.
Third ties — Spinaway beat Valley Maid,
Flashlight a bye.
Final— Spinaway beat Flashlight.
Prizes— $30, $20, $14, $7, $7, $7.
John Grace, judge; James Grace, slipper.
In the Medical Museum, Washington,
there are two skulls cracked like a couple
of eggshells that have been knocked to
gether. They formerly belonged to a
couple of Virginia negroes, who butted
each other to death because a woman
couldn't decide which of the two she liked
the better.
In many deaf and dumb asylums the
inmates are called to dinner by the use of
a drum. All know when it is being
beaten.
5CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Doily and Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier..
Daily and Sunday Call, one yenr. by mall. . . 6-00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mull.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mail.. 1-50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall. 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation If
go, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It inisa you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ; Main—
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. comer sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2818 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
„ . OAKLAND OFFICE :
£08 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY MAY 18, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
In the present campaign of education
experience has done the teaching.
The early adjournment is off. Coneress
seems to have caught its second wind.
The greatest my stery of the season is
what the Democrats are to harmonize for.
It is pretty hard just now to teil the
difference between a Democratic politician
and a howling Dervish.
Gorman seems to hare gone so com
pletely into retirement that he has practi
cally wiped himself off the slaie.
It is about time for the Eastern gold
bugs to explain how "Western niining
canip States'' can beat them building
snips.
It ia time to remind the people that
Decoration day should be a solemn
memorial observance and not an idle
frolic.
The Tennessee Democrats have de
clared for a National income tax, thus
standing pat on a hand that doesn't count
in this game.
There is so much smoke emanating from
tne Junta leaders a natural suspicion is
aroused that they do their talking through
stove-pipe bat.*.
The Republican Executive Committee
can be coumed on to assure victory. It is
made up of men who know how to win
and are bound to do it.
The Junta leaders were counting on big
chickens from tbe eggs of official patron
age, but Cleveland's civii service order
hatched them with an ax.
It would be a good enough j )ka on
Grover if the Democrats would go right
along and nominate somebody else with
out giving his fatness a chance to decline.
From the way things are goinR now it
may be the delegate from Alaska who
casts the deciding vote at St. Louis and
names the next President of these United
States.
There is a chance that Hill Will make a
fight ior the Democratic nomination this
year in tbe hope that it will be considered
a self sacrifice entitling him to another
chance four years from now.
The chief object in life to the scientists
of Texa9 should be to devise a means of
making cyclones come at the right season,
harvest the crops instead of tne houses
aDd deliver them in Chicago instead of
scattering them all over the wild prairies.
It is fairly pleasant to hear the Queen
Regent of Spain speek of the correct and
friendly conduct of our Government to
Spain, but the people would like it better
if the administration were a little more
correct and friendly toward the Cubans
who are URnting for independence.
It is worth noting that in all the rivalry
for the leadership at St. Louis there has
not been a bitter word spoken by the par
tisans of either favorite against another
and no matter who is nominated, the
whole party will support him cordially
from the first day of the campaign to the
great victory on election day.
The proceedings of Congress are rapidly
becoming of such little interest to the peo
ple in comparison with the Presidential
campaign, that unless the bond deal in
vestigation should begin at once or the
funding- bill contest be precipitated the
public will soon cease to care whether the
session ends this month or continues all
summer.
A contractor has offered New York City
1245,000 a year for the exclusive privilege
of picking over the collected rubbish, ex
cluding the garbage, ashes and street
sweepings. As be is likely to get it, those
who have made a living by rubbish
picking will be thrown out of employment,
and thus will another small industry pass
into the control of capital.
The talk in the Democratic camp is
mainly about Carlisle, l*attison and Rus
sell, but there are some expert politicians
in the East who have not ced the great
activity and vigor recently displayed by
the gold-bag wing of the party, and have
drawn from it the conclusion that the
Becret council of the leaders has been
moved by Whitney and the Standard Oil
barrel.
Dim's Revieu- in noting the export of $5,
850.000 of gold for the week ending May y,
tays: "It does not matter wnether the
gold ia required for Kussia or anywhere
else, it wouid not go from this rather than
other countries if there were not balances
to be met." Tnat is an exact statement of
the situation, and as long as we have the
Democratic tariff it will remain un
changed.
If the South Africa Company is found
puilty of abetting Jaraeson'b raid into the
Transvaal Cecil Rhodes will not be the
only man to puffer, for the chairman of
the company is the Duke of Abercom and
the vice-president is the Duke of Fife, son
in-law to the Trince of Wales, and there
are several more dignitaries hardly less in
rank who would have to pay a part of the
indemnity demanded.
The personnel of the new executive com
mittee of the Republican State Central
Committee guarantees not only an active
campaign in California, but a sweeping
victory for t e State and National tickets.
The committee is composed of workers in
whose judgment and ability the rank and
file have full confidence. Nothing so stim
ulates a party to enthusiastic participa
tion in campaign work as assurance that
the leaders know their business, and that
j they nay be relied upon to perform to
> completeness every duty that is imposed
! upon them. In that respect the party's
organization is now amply fortified at
every point.
The admitted fact, too, that the new
I committee fully represents the whole
I party and will have no difficulty in har
| mouizing the several factions is a matter
i for Bincere congratulation, for the very
■ essence of a political party's strength is in
j oneness of purpose in winning victory over
| the enemy. The welfare of the party
I should bo the first consideration of
the leaders, and when it is impressed
upon tne minds of the rank and
file that the executive head of the party
is workinc for the promotion of the party's
best interests on principle, there should
be no fear of apathy or lukewarmness
anywhere, and it is because those essen
tial qualities of true leadership are pos
sessed to a conspicuous degree in the new
committee as u whole and as individuals
The Call most heartily congratulates the
party.
But the executive committee can only
devise, plan and layout the work of the
campaign. That it will do that thoroughly
and well there is no doubt whatever, but
the final victory rests with the rank and
file. The rank and tile must execute in
detail the plans of the committee, and in
proportion as that is done will victory be
assured. It will not do for the rank and
file to content themselves with simply a
victory in November. It must be a victory
sooverwhelming to the Democracy that not
onlv will it not soon rally for another trial
but that the moral effect of such a pound
ing may be felt by Kepubl cans in all the
States, and thereby be encouraged and
strengthened to resolve that never a^ain
shall the commerce and the industries of
the country be put in jeopardy by a Demo
cratic administration.
Nothing could be wider of the trnth than
the assertion of the Democracy that pro
tective legislation is legalize] favoritism.
It is a self-evident fact that the effects of
legislation, be they good or ill, do not ex
haust their influence until every business
interest is involved. Ihe unwritten as
well as the written laws which qovern in
all the avenues 01 trade interchange could
not if they would build up one industry,
or strengthen the position of another, and
exempt all others from participation in
the consequences of such favoritism.
Th- re is necessarily mutual dependence
between all business enterprises in a
country like the United States, where no
one enterprise greatly predominates. This
is not altogether an agricultural, manu
facturing, mercantile, mining or mechan
ical country, nor does either one of these
vocations conspicuously transcend any
other. In their direct and personal ope
ration each one is wholly ini1ei>endent of
every other, but it is very different when
they come to dispose cf the product of
their effort.
The farmer is free to sow and reap in bis
own way, but w. en he comes to market
the product of bis fields be must first
gather up the threads that bind him to the
distant consumer, and j-hdu!d the strength
of the thread which binds the consumer to
the source from which he gathers that
which enables him to buy the farmers'
produce be weakened or broken, not only
is the market of the farmer closed, but all
the facilities that are employed by him to
reach the distant consumer are crippled,
and not only so, but all intermediate in
dustries and individuals are involved.
The Democratic party says it would be
better for the farmer to continue bis jour
ney in search of a consumption marke'
across the ocean to Europe, because the in
dustry wbicu makes a Lome market for
his produce is protected against foreign
competition at the expense of the farmer.
Assume, then, that free trade prevails and
the home market is destroyed by reason of
the suspension of the in-iusiry which cm
ployed operatives who made the market
for the farmer's produce. To reacli con
sumers in Europe he ie now obliged to em-
Ploy additional intermediate forwarding
and transportation agencies which swell
the cost of marketing the yield of his
fields. But that is not the most discour
aging condition of supply and demand
which confronts him between his barn
and the European consumer. When he
offers his breadstuff and provision in, say,
the Liverpool market he is told that prices
arc fixed by the cost of raising cereals and
provisions in Asia and South America.
Thus does free trade bring the American
farmer down to the level of something
worse than the pauperism of Europe.
That is the truest economic principle, so
far as the farmer and his market a:e con
cerned, which most reduces the distance,
and bence the cost of transportation, be
tween himself aud the consumer of his
produce. The closer he can induce em
ployers of men to establish their enter
prises to his fields the greater will be his
profit?. This economic truism does not,
however, apply only to farmers. It is
necessarily the fundamental principle of
true political economy, and until it is per
manently adopted the Nation's prosperity
is bound to be spasmodic and unstable.
The federation of the six leading orders
of railway employes is significant, the
more so oecause the resolution which
brings these great unions together refuses
to identify the organization with the
American Railway Union. It is not un
derstood that there is or will be a purpose to
antagonize the effort of tne Railway Union
to secure more satisfactory relations be
tween employer and employe, but to de
mand arbitration instead of resorting to
strikes when employers refuse to do full
justice to their employes. It is expected
that other labor oreanization« will follow
the lead of this federation of railway em
ployes and rely upon the sense of justice
of employers and public sentiment to ad
vance thewr interests, and resort to the he
roic remedy, the strike, only after every
other means and measure has l»een entirely
exhausted.
The numerical and moral strength of
this new federation of labor unions will lie
better appreciated when it is known that
it includes the conductors, the trainmen,
theengineers, the firemen, the telegraphers
and the switchmen. Undoubtedly it will
be the most poweriul labor organization in
the world, both as to numbers and for in
fluence for pood, when its machinery is in
full operation. The leaders in this move
ment do not pretend to say this or any
other labor organization couid always
avoid the striKe remedy, for when the issue
between employer and employe is nar
rowed down to wheie labor must either
maintain or abandou the underlying prin-
ciple and basis of the rights of labor, it is
then unavoidable.
As capital prows less greedy, and labor
Decomes more thoughtful, cause for revolt,
the one against unwarranted aggressive
ness on the part of the other, obtains less
and less. The natural relation between
employer and employe is becoming better
understood. The employer is be inning
to understand that faithful and enthusias
tic interest in the work of securing success
for his enterprise comes of the recog
nition of the importance of the skill of
his employer to him; that it has rights
which cannot be denied or trampled upon
without the injurious consequences of
such attacks upon it being reflected in the
quality as well as in the quantity of the
product of his enterprise. He is beginning
to see that the incentive to faithfulness of
service is recognition of the natural rela
tion between employer and employe,
which is mutual effort to secure the best
possible results that the condition of all
directly concerned may go from good to
better and to best.
It is to i-ecure such relation between
employer and employe that these six
powerful railway labor unions have united
in one federation, and the almost bound
less ramifications in the public transpor
tation service of the country, together with
the great conservatism of the organization
will, no doubt, exert so muc i influence for
good in the labor world that both em
ployer and employe will be benefited in
every way. At the very outset the feder
ation, in insisting that the rights of its
members fhall be respected by the railway
companies, freely admits that the railway
companies have rights which members of
the federation are bound to respect, and
hence, generally speaking, no differences
would be likely to arite which could not
be amicably adjusted and harmonized by
arbitration. This is a long step in the
direction of relegating labor strikes very
far to the rear.
The Madrid order that postpones the
execution of the Americans who were
convicted of piracy by the Cuban authori
ties for being on the Competitor does not
necessarily mean that they will be taken
out and shot to death later on. It simply
means that if ihe Washington Govern
ment does not tell Spain in so many words
to turn them loose or get ready to fight
the United States, the Spanish Minister of
War and Marine will find that the pro
ceedings q£ the court-martial were regular
and order General Weyler to go on with
the orieinal programme. Hence the lives
of the men under conviction hang upon a
thread, both ends of which are held by
I'ret-ident Cleveland.
The Competitor is the first privateer, so
called, that the Cuban authorities have
caught, and since the capturing party
made preat haste to destroy the ship's
tapers, it is possible that she was not en
gaged at all in carrying munitions of war
to the rebels. But whether she was or
not. the Spanish 'Government should be
iven to understand that the execution of
t he three Americans now under sentence
of death for beinc on board the Competi
tor would be immediately followed Lv tne
landinc of United States soldiers upon the
island of Cuba.
It is a little humiliatinp to the pride of 1
our people that iS pain's prompt action in
ordering the postponement of the execu
tion was more beeiUM a British Mibj-ctN
life is involved than because of any action
on the part of this Govemm"nt, and this, i
too, in the face of the fact that both houses
of Congress liave already pa-sed a resolu
tion recommending the recopnition of
Cuban belligerency, but tnen Compress
is a Repubiiran body and the executive
end of the Government is Denn"- r:\tic.
Spain knows whom and whom not to fool
with.
It is Inspiring to observe the alertness with
which Stockton is moving to make the most of
• its superior geographical ana commercial situ
ntion and of the benefits which will accrue to
it from the cheap transportation guaranteed
by the Valley road. The Independent, second
ing the suggestion made by some of Stockton's
leading citizens, is urging that a smelter be
established at that city. After showing the
superior position of the place our contem
porary *ayB:
The revival of mining must soon call for In
creased capacity for the reduction of ores and the
Inert as • \\\\l continue iti<!.lkiit-ly. The Having In
freights between this city and San Francisco
would of HspH recommend the establishment tipre
of an enterprise, while lbs ease With which the
ores can be brom-ht nere la another inducement.
Home may object ; hat the people here have been
pretty well drained la aid of other enterpriser*, but
they should remember that everything done In aid
of hnch enterprises goes to form investments that
will amply repay the effort and outlay. If foreign
coal has to be used a* fuel It mutt 1 e remembered
that It Is cheaper to bring it here by the river than
to send ore thither, and the fact vhat foreign coals
have been delivered here almost as cheaply as in
San iranclsco forms another argument in favor of
a smelter being erected here. It would be greatly
in the Interest of others as well as miners, because
more quantities of ore would be brought hither by
teams, v. hi -;h could as well continue their haul to
Stockton during the most of the year as to stop at
the few railroad termini to which the ore must
now be hauled. A smell here would also greatly
aid la arousing the people in the ruining regions 10
hasten the building o> electric railroads into the
mountain regions, who-e streams that are now
scarcely utilized would furnish the rower to gen
erate electricity.
The rapid development of the fruit industry
in the Sacramento Valley is witnessed by tin
Oroville JiigUter't assertion that 20,000 fruit
trees ot various varieties have been planted in
the vicinity of that town this spring. And it
says there are others in different parts of the
county who have planted a large number.
Woodland has a new and novel industry. It
seems that the coffee plantations of the South
Sea Islands are infested with a destructive
little beetle, and honco the remedy for the
pest was sought and found in California, ac
cording to this news from the Woodland Demo
crat:
The mammals that Infest the dark recesses of
some of the old and deserted dings Of this city
are not altogether useless. j It is known that they
are Insectivorous, but the farmers, fruit-growers
and gariencrs In thin vicinity have never dis
covered Any plan for utilizing them.
F. W. \Vuruaeker arrived in this city Monday
evening with a commission from the coffee
planters of the South «ea Islands to procure as
many bats as possible. As soon as he made his
mission known a number of boys immediately
began a search for them, and at this rr in • he has
8f-rur.fi 100 or 300, for which he has paid -.'i
cents each. >
*- 7
The Sacramento Record-Untcn makes the
following important announcement:
One of our well-known citizens, who has success
fully promoted other public organizations in the
city, is now forming a company, the object of
which will be— according to its prospectus— to es
tablish here a new line of business that would at
tract many business men to our city.
The corporation is to be known as "The Central
and Northern California Mining and Land Bureau
of Sacrum
The principal business will be the promotion of
legitimate mining enterprises, with such other
auxiliary and Incidental undertakings as the es
tablishment of a complete atsav office and labora
tory for the assay and analysis of ores and miner
als, and in addition thereto a small testing stamp
mill. • '
It will undertake expert examinations of mining
properties by competent and reliable men, and will
aim 10 be the means of communication between
Ouyers and sellers of : mining properties. Its pro
moter* do not propose to set up a call board, or en
courage speculative dealings,' but will keep within
the limits of strictly legitimate business.
The land department will aid in disposing of ag
ricultural, horticultural and viticultural properties
by placing them with : correspondents East and
Weil (agents , ami brokers), making . lands a
specialty; in the same manner mining properties
may be placed through the various mining ex
chants and brokers connected with them.
It is proj o<«-d to Incorporate with 10,000 shares
at tb« par value of $1 eacn. A meeting will be
called for UM purpose of effecting a permanent or
ganization at an early day.
The following news item, luruished by the
\entura Independent, carries its own sugges
tion, not only to those who miftht enter the
field against the Chinese mentioned, but also
to those who are not aware of an inexhaiist
able source of food that lines these shores:
For the pant three months strollers along the
beach, had they been observant, might have no
ticed three Chinamen delving in and out
anioiiu the roekR, bringing to the surface long,
strlnKy plpces of nioss which they placed above
high-water mark. Monday morning a third of the
results of the three months' labor was shipped to
San Francisco In the shape of twenty-six gunny
sacks packed lull of dried sea moss, valued at. ,*55
per ton. This moss when thoroughly cleansed
makes a very nutritious soup, which forms no In
considerable part of the high-priced menu card at
Chinese banquet*. Th* Chinaman from whom
these facts were gathered informed the writer that
'•Onlee time caichein moss early time morning
tide catcheoi go out," which means that for two
hours' work at odd times during the past three
months thesa industrious Mongolians have
cleaned up something like $150.
The Visalia Times print" highly encouraging
information from the new oil fields on the
western side of the t-au Joaquin Valley. It
says:
Mark Lavallu is over from the oil wells on the
West Side. He says the o.KlooK there is brighter
than ever for the oil city. A 'J5-ton car.ank of
crude oil left there this morning. Fully thirty
miles of that country is located. Thelocalions are
mostly made by people who hope to realize on
thoir holdings by keeping them until they are iu
demand.
One company alone has seventy sections located.
A surveying party of teu has been al work for the
past six or seven months and have work enough
ahead for the n*.\t three years. This company is
la earnen and have several good-paying wells.
The wells are sunk go that on« engine can pump
thive wells at oue time. Three drills and appa
ratus are kept at work and they expect to sink a
new well every ten days. When they find a well
that is satisfactory they leave the derrick standing
and bore elsewhere. A new boring apparatus is
now on the way from Los Angeles.
It has only been about two months since active
work commenced and six «rood-payini? wells have
been developed at a depth of from 050 to 443 fee .
They are all on sections 17 A»d 80. Operations
will soon commence on section 28, about two
miles f.mlier BOUth.
A small refinery is doing good work. Its capa
city is from four to seven barrels in a four hours'
run. When distilled It makes kerosene of 84 per
cent purl y. The refinery pays 5 cents per gallon
or 92 £>0 per birre! for the end* oil. Fresno alone
uses 17.000 gallons a month and the refinery has
orders now for most of that amount.
That some kind of contest is going on be
tween the Southern Pacific and Sauta Fe is in
disputable, and the following from the Ban
Bernardino Times-Index may throw some light
on its character:
Engineer Vaughn has returned from his survey
in? trip across the desert, bis party coming in
yesterday, and after a short stay proceeding to
Los Angeles. The party made »be trip from Vic
(or through to the Co orado ver in sixteen days,
and mu if (he necessary maps and run the neces
sary lines for a work survey.
There lias been no secret about the work in
which the surveyors were • n^agc-d, since' the
Times-Index published three weeks ago thai En
gineer Vaughn bad been here In consultation with
Chief Engineer Ferris, and ilia; he was supplied
with .**ama Ke money. The latter company is
simply serving notice on the Southern Pacific
tba: if the latter buys in the Atlantic and Pacific
at the sale in July u.>xt then the Santa J-e will
build a direct line from Southern California
through to a point where a Junction can be effected
wltn its own system.
his could be done at Silver City, in Southwest
ern New Mexico, and the distance over whirl) the
line must be built will be a little more ; ban 400
tulles. This line would run far enough south of
the Atlantic and Pacific to open up an entirely
new country.
_ _
Vaughn ani hi« wen ran lines from Victor to
Parker, on the Colorado liiver, about fifty miles
below .\e.''!I*-8. The part. cut .rail vuu:u^» to tills
city and couuiy in the construction of h- niw
line to thpfuct (hit It \v. ul.l .11 through the rich
ml nlrivr ilistm is ens of this City and make them
at o:.ci- easily accewslbl*.
The following from the AUm*da Eneinal will
bo yraufyintf newa to thf c ored people of the
State:
it is said that • philanthropic gentleman of
BanU Cruz hi>» made a cenrrous oiTi-r to ibe Cali
fornia African M. K. cliurcb 01 a site for tin- •■ruc
tion of a home for the colored people of the Pacific
Cons'.. The church agent has been looking for a
site of from twenty to thirty acres, accessible to
steamship or railroad, upon which ii la proposed to
erect buildings at a co,i of fio $30,000 to
if 50,001). The home will be for the fol owing pur
poses: A placeof refuge foraged ministers, rescue
borne for fallen women, a Pacific' Coast correc
tional institution and headquarters for church
work, an Episcopal resilience and Protestant Bpla
copal hcAdqucrters, an educational Institution for
Hie youth of the chi'j-i h ami race and particularly
fur the p<1 cation or tin- ministry, a summer school
of (raining for the hnsiiao workers and a home
of res..
The Visalia Delia thus outlines a situation
in which a bright promise for the future of
California is made:
Some day California will have eood roads. The
grange, the press Mini the wheelmen are agitating
It. Political parcii'H mention ti In their platforms.
The -Hue hai n commission chanted with giUier-
Inn nnd disseminating iurorniatiou regarding the
natter. The people discuss it more and are be
coming a unit In their deslrn for hotter thoro.ig&
fares. The present state conventlonof the County
Supervisor- give it a prominent place In their dis
cussions and show an Inclination to do something
more than talk. The good roads crusade is a
Ecod one to stick to and right on, and there should
be no let up until we have a well-conducted
road system under able management wblcii will
give ns and maintain for us highways that may be
traveled by loaded I earns all seaaons.
O. H. Blank lias assumed control of that
sterling papjr, the St. Helena Sentinel, and
announces that "the Sentinel \v\n continue on
the same azgresslve line-, but as far as is con
sistent in a progressive and lire paper it will
endeavor to be as free as possible from person
alities. It will be Independent, outspoken and
fearless in the broadest sense of the phrase."
The Taooraa Union has indued an able and
comprehensive special edition in celebra
tion of the county fair.
The Sanger Herald has commenced its eighth
volume with its share of the prosperity and
hope possessed by its reader*.
Not satisfied with having absorbed the PerrU
ValUy Record, the Riverside Enterprise has
taken in the Searchlight, and is now properly
talking about its large circulation.
Upon its entering its mature forty-fourth
year the Yreka Union promises to remain as
steadfast an exponent 01 Democracy in ; the
future as it has been in the past.
The Escondido Advocate, though it has just
completed its fifth year, is claiming: the dis
tinction of being the oldest Populist paper in
the State.
The Herald, a weekly German paper, has
made its appearance at Fresno under the
editorial direction of Mr. Maret, who shows
himself to be both able and fearless.
As the Solano County Courier has completed
its first volume it has stepped regularly into
the ranks and proposes to stay there.
Says the 1.0s Angeles Civic JievUw: , It is pro
posed by some gentlemen, who presumably
have more money than experience, to recus
citate the lately defunct Daily Journal and
launch it on the troubled sea of journalism as
an alleged independent paper, and as such is
expected to 6eouro the support of Populists
and the labor organizations. The editor-in
chief is to be ex-Governor Lionel A. Sheldon,
who was chief undertaker in the previous
venture.
G. A. Helmore, an experienced journalist,
who for the last five years Has beeu associated
with The Call, has assumed the editorship
and business management of the old and
stanch Tuolumne Independent under its pub
lisher, J. C. Duchow.
The fact that the Mountain Rcgitter, pub
lished at Downievitle, Sierra County, has en
tered upon its forty-third, volume and has
prospered all that time Indicates the age and
success ol one of the most important mining
centers in California.
The Pan Jose Herald has appeared in a hand
some new dress of type, and this indicates that
it is enjoying tho probperity it so richly de
serves.
A man on alieht sorrel horse, the horse ar
rayed with saddie and bridle embossed heavily
in silver, and the man wearing blue clothes
and a white slouch bat, have been among the
features of the Palace Hotel driveway for sev
eral days. The man and horse have drawn a
crowd every time they appeared,
The horse is a seven-year-oil, known as
Canute, and of native growth. II is owner and
rider is Dixie W. Thompson. Both are of Santa
Barbara, and both appeared there in the recent
flower show.
The saddle and bridle alluded to have been
manufactured largely from Mexican dollars.
The saddle is of typical Mexican pattern,
with a high pommel, well-hollowed seat, and
the most elaborate of trapping*. The leather
is stami>ed witn elegant designs, and the whole
thing is a complete, costly ana elaborate equip
ment and artistic deilpn. The work was done
at Santa Barbara in 1839. The saddle Is
studded over with silver ornaments. Tne
leather facings (ire net thick with buttons and
rosettes; the pommelis encased in silver, the
corners 01 the aprons are lipped with silver;
the stirrups are faced and udsed with silver
half an inch thick, elaborately chased and
carved.
The &addle-tree is hung with silver rings,
fore ami alt, to answer all the requirements of
th" vaqueroin lacing U|> his riata. The girth,
which passes under the horse's belly and
ci ehes the saddle in place, is woven of hair
(ruin horses' manes by a native artisan, and is
JuUy eight inches hroa<l. with a taps e hanging
at IU middle. The -add e, the bridle and all
it 1 - appointmiii:* Rre marvels of beauty. Tue
r«- i 11 -. martingale and whip are composed ol
soiid silver in woven strands. The headstall is
covered with fluted silver, with luree engraved
silver rosettes at the stdts with decorations
of flowers and heads of wheet, with an elabo
rate nose piece with silver engraving. The
Mde pieces are of silver, massive and ornate,
with a silver chain under the horse's jaw.
Th» bridle, reins and access. .ries weigh about
twelve pounds and are worth sf-250. The sad
dle slid bridle t>. nether an- said to be worth
bromflQOOtO (1500. Mr. Thompson is very
proud of the outfit. The horse is signally jren
tle audkiud of di^orftlOB.
J. L. de Bevoise 01 Portland is here.
Senator E. C. Voorhcis of butler Creek is in
town.
I>r.C. A. Burleigh of Forest Hill is at the
Grand.
Dr. F. K. Ainsworth ol Los Angoles is at the
Grand.
Lieutenant E. H. Klu^e of Crefeld, Ge rmany
is in town.
P. A. Buell, the manufacturer, of Stockton, is
at the Grand.
A. M. Beeeherof the United States Navy is
at the Palace.
Sf nator R. Linder of Tulare is spending a
few days here.
I. Masker of Peoria, 111., is staving: at the
Cosmopolitan.
L.Anderson, ft merchant of Shanghai, is at
the Occidental.
H. G. Hewktt, the well-known ranch owner,
of Willows, is here.
H. E. Vale, a mining mnn of Angels, is here
for a few days' stay.
William H. Devlin, the attorney of Sacra
mento, is at thf Lick.
J. L. Whitney, a raining man of Jamestown,
is a recent arrival here.
P. B. Arasteag of Acampo was one of the
arrivals here lust night.
R. P. Oliver, a wealthy business man of
Denver, is at the Palace.
J. W. Hewston, the general goods dealer, of
Courtland, is in the City.
C. 8. Van Roy and wife, of Sacramento, are
guests at the Cosmopolitan.
James V. Weaver, a prominent resident of
Los Angeles, is at the PalACje.
Superior Judge Stanton L. Carter of Fresno
registered last night at the Lick.
Robert T. Devlin of Sacramento, ex-State
Prison Commissioner, is in the City.
J. E. Dooley, a business man of Salt Lake,
Utah, is among the arrivals at the Palace.
Commodore William H. Skerett of Vallejo
was among yesterday's arrivals at the Lick.
J. H. Mlnott and Harold Minott, of New
York, were among vesterday's arrivals here.
J. G. Wright, the division superintendent of
the Southern Pacific, arrived last night and is
at the Palace.
TI. Ishikama and wife and H. Xoiruchi and
wife, prominent tea merchants of New York,
are registered at the Cosmopolitan.
Secretary i. Sterling Morton of the United
States Department of Agriculture, and party,
returned last night after two or three days at
Monterey, Santa Cruz and other nearby places.
Among the arrivals at tbe Cosmopolitan
Hotel are George D. Pyne and J. G. Farrell, ol
Virginia City, delegates to the Twelfth Grand
Council of the Y. M. I., which meets at Hay
wards.
"O. W. Baldwin, a retired business man of Lo«
Angeles, is at the Grand, accompanied by his
•wife. They have just returned after an ex
tended trip to the Hawaiian Islands and utner
places.
Alexander P. Brown, the wealthy retired
merchant who arrived here a few days ago,
after a visit to the grave of Bishop Heber in
tho island ot Ceylon, will leave to-day for a
week's visit to the Yosetnite.
H. P. 6 tarbuek, for several years professor
of law in Cambridge University, and who has
been for some time at Bant* Barbara for his
health, is in the City. He bas decided to re
main at Banta Barbara and practice law there.
He— I am told that your admirers' name is
legion.
She (blushingly)— Oh, no. his name is Jones.—
Lewlston (Me.) Journal.
••If you're a good boy"— the barent began.
But the young man interrupted:
"Excuse me, but I know what you are going
to 6ay. I have a new proposition to offer. If
you are real kind to me, I'll let yon take me to
the circus instead of Uncle Richard or Aunt
Jane, or the gentlemHU who lives next door."—
Washington Star.
That dreadful boy. Her admirer— Well. Reg
gie, bow's your sister's cold, eh?
Her Little Brother— Oh, that's all right. But
she's got a jolly big corn.— Moonshine.
Irksome Ike— Say, Sammy, how'd yer like to
be an angel?
Samuel Fewcloze — Not er bit. Think of the
work it'd take to keep yer wings flappin.'—
Up- to- Date.
March of science. Ardent Lover— If you
could see my heart, Belinda, you would know
how fondly
Up-to-Date Girl (producing new camera)— I
intend to see it, Hirain. Sit still, please.— Spare
Moments."
Oh. the girl who wii« da the chafing-dish
Is nttt9 i of all the realm:
No matrimonial baric will sink
If she is at. the helm.
Her p!oss>' i-urls full o'er her brow
In many a r njj'.et fair,
And the nrebtti that she serves you are
Like precious jewels rare.
Oh. the girl who wields the chafing-dish,,
."■ho is a ctaiuty maid;
She leaves all o.her winsome girls
Completely in the t-hude.
\\> like US si- her Ivor* hands
The chailn^-disb caressing:
We like to taste the toothsome bits
Her lingers Have been dressing.
Ob, the sirl who wields the chafing-dish, '
She truly is ■ quern; !
In drawing-mom or on the street.
Wherever she la seen.
Mi« la so love y all the men
How low b-Tore her shrine.
And each 01 heradmirers says:
••Oh, would thai she were mine."
■■ —Puck.
General Booth is said to bo very fond of mu
sic. His favorite melody is a tune called "Oh,
the Voioe to Me so Dear.' 1
General Gordon, it may be interesting to re
cali, wanted Cecil Rhodes to accompany him
ia old days to the efouiiau.
Gladstone has written such a vast number of
letters during his life that his autographs
bring only sixpence in the English market.
At a ball in Vienna the Baroness Bourgoing
introduced the novel fashion of wearing an
eyeglass oa a chain of fine diamonds. She
used this eyeglass with stunning effect
throughout the evening. '
Sardou is now 64 years old, wrinkled and
half bald, but in his elastic step and brilliant
eye as youthful as a boy. He is said to have
earned $1,000,000 Ir.m his plays. Yet. his
first play wa* a dire failura
Dr. F. J. FurnivfilL, who is an eminent au
thority on the English language and literature
of the Eiiznbeihan i'ra, says that Shakespeare's
name was pronounced "Shahkspair," the "a"
having the sound of "a" iu ''iatUer"»and the
"eare" sounding as "air."
Alfred de Mus?ett's sister refuses to have any
of Uis works in her possession published, as
she says they will not ndd to his fame as a
poet. She likewise refuses to let his letters be
seen, amoup which is the correspondence be-
tween the poet and George Sand.
The Ruimpe is an important feature of a
girl's summer wardrobe. The one shown here
is gathered to a waist and drawn into the neck
bund with gathers. The Bishop sleeves maybe
very long, or mny be drawn up by means of a
tape to form a Miorler puff.
For wearing with dresses of wool guimpes of
batiste in the natural linen color are very
styiisn. fcmbroidered batiste is used for very
dressy gowns.
Plain white lawn, batiste, dimity, cambric,
etc., are all pretty with trimming of narrow
\ alenciennes lace or Hamburg embroidery.
For wear with white pique dresses pale yel
low, blue or pink dimity over batiste "are
charming. Embroidered ruffles of the name
labncmake a dainty neck aud waist trimming.
Ouirnpesof soft eilk, guch as China surah or
loulard are used with wool dresses.
F°r young girls' evening wear silk, muslin,
chiHon, crepe de chene or any of the pretty
crepe silks may be used.
Entrances— O. 8., City. The fire ordinance
of this City and County regulates entrances
and exits into and out of places of assem
blage. r
ENCYCLorEDu-D. F. L., City. Tnere is no
authorized edition of the encyclopedia you
mention in your communication that brings
the articles down to the present date.
Presidential Elections— B. B., City. At
Presidential elections the voters cast their bal
lots for Presidential Electors, who in turn
choose the President of the United States.
Buena Vi9TA Park— W. J., City. Buena Vista
Park was one of the outside land reservations,
and it became City property through an act of
Congress and subsequent legislation by the
California Legislature. This was in 1866-1863.
The only conditions arc that the land so re
served shall be used for tne public.
Impop.ts and Exports— B. F. H., City. The
following shows the amount of exports and
imports from and to the United States from
1890 to June 30, 1895. Statistics for 1890
have not yet been issued:
I Exports
Year.-- | Foreign. Imports.
1890 12.584,8 6 789.310,409
1891 12, 'J10. 627 884.916,196
1892 14,546,137 H27.402.46U
189H 16.634,409 866 400,92:3
1894 22,935.635 654,994.62'J
1895 14,146,366 731,969,965
Ventura— E. C, Oakland, Cal. San Buena
ventura, which has been abbreviated to Ven
tura, is the county seat of Ventura. It was in
corporated as a town in 1866, and is situated
on elevated land at the mouth of the Ventura
River, distant from San Francisco by water
311 miles, by rail 501 miles. It is southeast
from Sau Francisco, on the lire of the Ventura
division of the S. P. R. R., 28 miles east of
Santa Barbara. 50 miles west of Sau? us Station
and 83 miles from Los Angeles. liis distant
about 370 miles from Monterey. It has a pop
ulation of more than 3000, has a number of
churches, public schools, banks, an opera
house, gas and water works, and several news
papers. There is a stage line from Ventura to
Isordhoff and Hueneme. Xordhoff is 15 miles
irom Ventura.
The Willows Lake— W. H., City. In the
very early days there was a lakelet near what
was in later days known as "The Willows," a
place of public resort in the vicinity of Twen
ueth and Mission streets. It was more of a
pond than a lake, and it had an outlet in what
was called "Mission Creek." The spot ia
marked on a map by La Perouse, who landed
in Monterey in 1786 with an exploring ex
pedition, and who, reaching the old Mission
Dolores, made a map of the country around
the Mission. On his map, which is in the Odd
Fellows' Library, this small body of water is
set down as '-La Laguna de Los Dolores." On
the same Diao what is now called Mountain
Lake is down as "Laguna del Presidio"' (Pre
sidio Pond); what was known as "Washer
woman's Bay" is down as "Pequena Laguna"
(Little Lagoon); Yerba Buena island appears
as "La Isla del Carmel" (Carmel Island); Fort
Point is mark-a as "La Punta dei Angel de la
Guardia" (Point of the Guardian Angel), and
Point Pedro is down as "Puntade los Almejos"
(Mussel Point).
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
» ♦ — •-—
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's."
Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business bouses and public men by the Pros*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
One of the most successful mining men ol
Colorado is said to be Count James Portales, a
member of a famous old German noble family,
■who has been in the West about twelve years.
Ue is a skilled metallurgist.
Take the Northern Pacific to All Points
East.
If you are going East call at 638 Market street.
Ban Franrisco, and get our figures. Finest servlca
in the Northwest. All trains vestlbuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist cars
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleeper*
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent.
"Mrs. Wlnglow'8 Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect sue
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allayi
Fain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists la every par: of the world. . Be sure and aslc
for .Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CoroxaBo.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, %!>tt
and mild, being entirely free from the mist) com
mon fur: tier nor h. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, lucladlr.:; fifteen days' board a: tna Hotel 4 A
Coronado, $60: .onser stay 92 60 per day. Apply
4. -New Montgomery st.. Han i'raicisc*
'•Po that Is Hades," mused the wraith of the
funny man. "Ah, yes, I have several warm
irieruls there."
At the moment Charon had his hand* full
with the helm, else there is no telling what
might hiivp happened. — Detroit News-Tribune.MOSDAVr^^ MAY 18, Ib96
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Tny-ATEn.--The Countess GuckL"
California Tukateb— -a Trip to Chinatown."
Columbia rnum-"lllii Harum scarum.-
Morocco's Oi-kka-Housk— -Jack Cade '•
1 ivoi.i Oi-kra-Housk.— '-Uncle Tom s Cabin '
Obphkum— High-Class Vaudeville.
nd^e8°^1nsJe7, EATICB(OAKI ' AND) - rrimrose
Sonto t oxky Island— Bathing and Perform
tloc^U of the pI^T DalJy at Ha ' Sht ilreet ' one
Bay District Tback— Baces.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Ckiz Mountains.— The
>;rst -* ni ? lve raa«y } x ursion and Family Picnic
cf V? '"'El 1011 Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
betd on Thursday , -May 21, at Glenwood Pant.
AUCTION iALtS.
Bt.F. T. Keelkb— This day (Monday), Rare
Oriental Curios, at 194 Kearny street, at '£ p. m.
ByH. J. Lkitholtz- This day (Monday), Car
pets. Ari Goods, eta, at -.21 Market st.! at 11
o clock.
'•y. s ' BAR C"-This day (Monday), Furniture,
at 319 Sutter sireet. at 10:30 o'clock. Also Fur
niture, at 6'JO (,oiden Gate avenue, at 1 o'clock.
«,^qiV VlNl T-Tupsday. Mav 19, Furniture
at 1811 Suter street, at 11 o'clock.
By J. (X Mvthkb- Tuesday, May 19, Furni
ture, at 521 Kearny street, at 11 o'clock.
-r, E y,. EASTON A 1- i.drii>ok.- Tuesday, May 19,
Keal tstate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By O'Fakbku A Co.— Monday. May 25, Real
Estate, at 11 Montgomery st-, at 7:30 p. m.
By Shainwai ii. Bitkbek & Co.— Wednesday,
■May 27, Real Estate, at salesroom, *21B Mont
rcmery street, at 12 o'clock.
Fair Monday; warmer.— Local Forecast Offi
cial McAdle.
The A!ame<1a-Pacinc cricket match played
yesterday resulted in a victory for the Pacific
Club.
Peter Brown, on ex-convict, has addressed a
letter to Governor Budd, alleging certain grave
irregularities at Ban Quentin.
la the California Yacht Club regatta on the
pay yesterday tor the Walter cup the race and
trophy were won by the Edna, closely followed
by the Flash.
Ben Harris, the messenger-boy who fell down
an elevator shaft in the Ottiriger House, was
buried yesterday. Kumors of foul play have
been disproved. »
Coast Champion P.iordan and ,T. C. Xealon
defeated T. F. Bonnet and P. T. Donnelly, ama
teur champion, in the San Francisco Handball
Court yesterday.
There were opposition meetings last night of
the two factions of Theosophists, one headed
by Dr. Allan Griffiths ana the other by Count
ess Wachtineister.
Rev. A. M. Russell replied to Father Yorke's
remarks concerning him yesterday at the
Metropolitan Temple, and also spoke on the
subject of "Where i Id Romanism Come From?"
The American bark Hollywood, which ar
rived from Honolulu Saturday, met with a
three days' storm near this coast which blew
away most of her sails and did other damage
to the vessel.
Father Barnum, B. 3., of the Alaskan Mission
appeared in Ec-quiniau dress yesterday in the
puiplt of St. Mary's Cathedral an preached
, about the missions among the Esquimaux and
Indians of the Arctic.
B Company, First Regiment, N. G. c., fought
a sham battle on the sand dunes near the
Ocean House yesterday, and put in five hours
of hard campaigning. This event was the
first active movement since the guard reor
ganized.
Bert Joy, a bicyclist, living at 2052 Folsom
street, collided with a bugey yesterday after
noon on Golden Gate avenue and Laguna
street, driven by Matt Casey and Thomas
Swift, resulting m Casey being wounded in the
foreneaaand Joy badly bruised.
The French branch of the Poeialist Labor
party held Its Bret annual picnic at Harbor
View I ark jreaterday. There iu a good at
tendance and a pood time. The Au.-trian
•-an Francisco ai
Jote united in au outing at Germania Purk.
This morning Judge MeKenna will listen to
fifti iftvits pro and con 0:1 the motion of the
Zeno Mauvais Music Company to dissolve the
temporary injunction against them, restrain
ing- them from printing or distriburiap the
popular ','coon" song., "Man Augeline." There
is a dispute between two local colored men
concerning the- authorship.
A Fine Regatta Yesterday Be
tween the California Club
Yachts.
Defeat of the Record-Breaker Phce
nicea by the Flash — Accident
to the Surprise.
The California Yacht Club sailed yester
day for the Walter Cup with the Edna,
the winner of the race and trophy. The
following vessels competed:
Class A— Thelma, Rover, Edna.
Class B — 'Whirlwind, Mascotte, Surprise,
Hope.
Class C— Flash, Phcenicea, Sea Fox,
Swift, Mirth.
The winners in their respective classes
■were the Eina, which made the course in
1 hour 44 minutes 15 seconds; the Whirl
wind in 2 hours 3 minutes 59 seconds;
the F.ash in 2 hours 12 minutes 21
seconds, all corrected time.
The Thelma was 3 minutes and 5 seconds
and the Rover 4 minutes and 30 seconds
behind the Edna. The Mascotte 3
minutes 57 seconds; the Surprise 41
minutes 59 seconds; the Hone 32 minutes
18 i-econds behind ihe Whirlwind. The
PhoenioBS was 1 minute 34 seconds; the
£ea Fox 37 minutes o'» ? econds: the Swift
34 minutes 19 seconds behind the Flash.
The yachts got away in good shape, ly
ing down in the strong* wind. TLere were
no fancy canvas spread and no reefs
taken, as the firm, steady breeze gave
them all they desired under all plain sail.
There was a pretty contest between the
Edna and Flash ; in other words, nip and
tuck between the two. Both vessels have
won the cup twice, anu this race was to
decide the permanent possessor ol the
prize. However well she was sailed the
plucky little Flash saw her bigtrer com
petitor finish twenty-eight minutes and
six seconds ahead of her.
Captain Jack Lancaster had his wife
and a party of ladies aboard to help the
Edna win for keeps, and doubtless these
fair passengers made the wiiids blow fair
and strong for his yacht.
The Flash, howe.er, has the consolation
of beating the new boat Phcenicea, the
record-breaker of Japan, one of the ob
jects that sent the cup-winner out to race.
The timers were E. N. Walter and
Colonel Babcock; the judges E. P. Moore,
K. D. Wheeler and R. K. l'Hommedieu;
the referee Cftarles O. Yale.
After tne race the fleet anchored at the
mouth of Oakland Creek. When tliey
started home several mishaps occurred.
The Surprise, getting under weigh, fouled
her jibsiieets, and, dragging her anchors,
partially lifted, drifted on tne south jetty
rocks, smashing her bowsprit, boom, star
boani rail and carrying away the star
board riecin^.
The Rover and Phoenecia foulea tbeir
sheets and dragged their anchors also on
to the jetty rocks. They were finally
warped off afier some hard work for their
crews.
General Mauuel L. Barillas, formerly Presi
dent and dictator of Guatemala, visited the
Cliff House yesterday with a party of friends
and took lunch there. Those wuh him were
Mr. and Mrs. 1'edro Bruni and daughter, Mr.
and Mrs. Florentine Souza and daughters, Jose
A. Barillas, Armando Kibas, Mrs. Vivian and
J>r. iiosal. Mayor fcutro extended nn invita
lion to General Barillas and his friends to
visit him at his residence, but his time was
limiteil and he sent his res ects for the com
pliment and said be would be pieHsed to call
ut his earliest opportunity hereafter.
In 54 cases out of 100 the left leg is
stronger than the right.
The American Bark Hollis
wood Arrives From
Honolulu.
LOST MOST OF HER SAILS
She Is Navigated Safely Into
Pert by the Captain's
Daughter.
A WHOLE FAMILY OF SAILOES.
Mrs. Knight Prefers a Cape Horn
Storm to a Ca ifornia Coast
Breezi.
The American bark Holliswood, Captain
Knight, arrived Saturday, twenty-three
days from Honolulu, after a rough expe
rience. She had light but favorable winds
until almost within sight of this coast,
when she got a taste, and a strong one,
of the gales that have been huniinine;
over this side of the Pacific.
Last Wednesday morning the bark got
into the ooast storm belt and began to get
a heavy blow from the north-northwest.
Captain Knight was steering east-north
east for San Francisco, consequently with
the wind about four points on his port
bow he was pretty close-hauled. He had
to carry all the sail his sticks could bear
to make all tbe northing possible. All the
light canvas was taken in and the ship was
under lower courses, topsails, jib and fore
stavsail. That afternoon t;ie mainsail
flew into ribbons and soon after every rag
of it ripped clear out of the bolt ropes.
Early that evening the foresaii went and
later on the lower ioretopsail and miz
zen staysail followed it away into the
dark to leeward.
The vessel was almost without sail and
the crew tried to bend a new foresail.
They got the big new piece of canvas up
on deck, but the sea was running so high
and the water corning over the weather
bow in such volume that the men tin
driven fiom their task. All nignt the
stanch bark labored with what sail .-Lv
had ii» the greatest peril.
The captain's wife and daughter were on
board; also Mrs. Harriet Ca-ule-Coleman,
Mi*s Carrie Castle, Miss Kate Gilbert,
Mis* Lela Craig and John H. Curtis, pas
sengers irom Honolulu.
The cabin skylights, though protected
by strong shutters, were broken in by the
boarding s-eas, and the s-ix Jadies parsed
that awful n:ght wading through the
wa t-r in th^ir staterooms below.
All next day the storm continued, with
tie wind veering to the northwest. The
seas Binauhed the forward rail, a small
boat on the house and the wind destroyed
what light canvas it couJd get hoid'uf.
Bails SQUgly furied were blown cloar out
of their gaskets as cleanly as ii cut away
with a knife.
Notwithstanding the cale and high seas,
the good bark stood up to iier work, and
Friday evening tiie Farallona were lighted
dead ahead. Captain Knight ran in under
ihe island and waited for daylight. Next
uiorning he 6ieered for the Golden Gate
and, refusing a pilot or u;g. sailed into
port with his chart spread out in the
whetlhouse.
"This is my first visit to San Francisco,"
said Captran Kmg t yesterday, 'but I
don't think I shall ever forget my »-x
j>erience off this port, for in all my sea
life I never met with such a blow and with
such high seas. With my entire family
and four lady passengers aboard as well
as my crew and ship, you mav well
imagine how anxious 1 was. A storm on
the California coast 13 something for
navigators to respect.
'•I see that one of the papers has quoted
me as speaking lightly in Honolulu just
before I sailed of the speed and work of
the island packets. This yarn is utterly
without foundation. 1 am" too old a sailor
not to know that a sailing vessel is at the
mercy of the wind, and will make just
such a passage as the breeze will let her."
Mrs. Knitht has made thirteen trips
around the Horn and four around the
Cape of Good Hope and now thinks she
has had enough of the sea.
"After the gale of the last few days I
feel tfcat I would prefer the stormy Horn
with all its dismal horrors. I don't be
lieve I will ever get this saloon and the
staterooms dried oat," said she, looking
hopeiessly around the apartment, where
the sunshine, streaming in throuph the
window-, was trying its best to make the
place look cheerful again.
G. B. Knight, the captain's son. is the
first officer of the bark, and Mrs. Ida
Robinson, the skipper's daughter, is the
navigator. She is well educated, and being
a widow without a family of her own, pre
fers to go to sea with her parents and
brother.
She has been in the Holliswood for four
years and has sailed her in every ocean on
the working the barK through many
a wild voyage. So well did she set the
course through the gale of last week that
when she made the California coa9t the
vessel was right abreast of the harbor
mouth. Before the lour lady passengers,
overjoyed at their escape from the gale,
left the Holliswood they presented the
fair navigator with a neat bronze medal,
containing a srnail mariner's compass with
the inscription, "To ihe lady who brought
the shin into port. 1 '
The Holliswood has a cargo of sugar
consigned to J. D. Spreckels & Bros. In a
f w days she will haul alongside of tne
refinery and discharge. Mrs. Castle-Coie
man and her party will travel through the
State before returning to their nonie in
Honolulu.
Result or a Collision I'etween a Buggy
and a Bicyclist.
Matt Casey and Thomas Swift, 214 Perry
street, were driving along Golden Gate
avenue yesterday afternoon, when their
buggy ran into Bert Joy, who was riding
his bicycle, at Laguna street. There was
a general ruix-up and Casey and Swift's
horse took fright and bolted. It ran
toward a tele^rapn pole and Casey jumped
out. The buggy collided with the pole
and Swift was thrown out, alighting on
bis forehead, which was badlv cut.
Swift was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where the wound in his lorehead was
dressed by Dr. Fitzgibbons. Joy, the bi
cyclist, refused to go to t&e hospital and
was taken to his home, 2652 Fo!som street,
in the patrol waeon. He was badly shaken
up and complained of pains in his shoul
ders and back.
Congenital deafness is said to be on the
increase in this and other countries, on
accountof t e intermarriage of deaf mutes.
When Baby vras sick, ve gave her Castoria.
When she was a Ci . . 1 • J, she criod for Castoria.
When Ebe became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
Father Barnum, S. J., Preaches on
the Jesuit Missions in
Alaska.
The Northern Race Takes Kindly to
the Straneers — Sisters Amid
the Ice and Snow.
The srectade of a priest clad in pray furs
the same as Esquimaux use to keep their
bodies warm was presented m the pulpit of
St. Mary's Cathedral at late mass yesterday.
From a short distance in the dim light he
appeared more lite a dweller of the Arctic
than a distinguished and scholarly priest.
The fur hood was thrown hack upon his
shoulders, but the coat was buttoned close
about him. A brass crucifix hanging in
front was the only sign that the preacher
was a soldier of Christ.
He was the Rev. Father Barnum, S. J.,
one of the Catholic missionaries in Alaska.
His discourse was confined to the labors of
the Jesuit fathers in Alaska and the Catbo
lic missions there. The subject was in
troduced by a reference to t.e command
of Christ to his apostles to "^o forth and
tear:, all nations.'
'•Ihe apostles went into the world teach
ing all things revealed to them and their
disciples have never ceased until to-day
there is extended around the world a chain
of Catholic altars where the divine sacri
fice of the mass is offered to God.
"Until a few years ago," said Father
Barnum, "the great empire of Alaska was
an unknown land to missionaries. It was
the noble prelate, Archbishop Seiners,
who first planted the cro-s in Alaska
among the Esquimaux. He gave the mis
sion into the hands of the Society of
Jesus. To-dav there are twelve mission
stations, ten fathers of the Society of
Jesus and seventeen sisters of the Society
of St. Anne, spreading our holy faith in
the arctic. The missions are divided
among whites, Esquimaux and the Indians
on the coast.
"The Ala.-kan mission is one of our own,
an American mission at our own doorn!
You cannot imagine the misery of the
desolate, dreary arctic solitude where the
Esquimaux dwell. Only once a vear have
we communication with* the outside world.
In July the ice breaks up and a steamer
comes in from San Francisco. But then
we have the solitude, the ntter silence, the
desolation and loneliness of the arctic
region for another winter. The terrible
cold, frequently as low as 80 below zero,
we have to endure without any of the
scientific appliances you have here— steam
heaters, stoves, etc. We must stand it off
as best we can. In the few weeks of sum
mer we gather all the drift wood ourselves
along the coast, but we can never get
enough to fully supply us for cooking and
heating during the long winter.
"Our log huts we built ourselves, and
you may imagine what kind of houses
priests, who are not carpenters, could
build. Our clothes are such as you see on
me, but this is a make-believe. We must
wear three such coats as this one, several
Btockings and bunches of grass in our
boots. We never get butter, milk or the
many articles of iood we were accustomed
jo. Beans and rice form our standard food
with the products of the country, fish and
seal, after we get used to seal meat. But a
man has to serve a hardy apprenticeship,
to be witnout food for a day or two before
he can get usea to a chunk of seal. Still
seal meat is very welcome to us.
"The Esquimaux eat all their food raw.
They are a SDlenoid people — intelli
gent, docile, kind-hearted, devoted to
their children, but when one of them
grows too old his frienas smother him
not through any mercenary motive, but j
oecausi* tiiey don't want their old people
to suffer. They put hia body on a mat,
roll it up ana cover it in some corner of
the ice, where it lies until some polar bear
comes along. Each i>olar bear Berves for
a family vault in the neighborhood he
ranees over.
"1 never yet saw a sign of ill humor
a mongihtm. They coax their children
but never jmnish t em. We always
find parents willing to have their children
baptized and to be taught their prayers.
In the beginning they did not know what
we were there for. They took us for trad
ers and when we refused their skins they
were surprised. Now they know us and
call us priests."
The Blossoming of the Girl
With the White Dude Hat
and Shirt Waist.
Stn Jose and San Francisco B?nevolent
Societies Have a H:gh'.y Successful
Outing at Germania Park.
All hail the girl with the white dude hat
and the masculine sh'rt waist. Hail, too,
the youth with the broad-brimmed straw
and the yellow shoes. He may not be as
pleasant to look upon, but he has come
and we might just aa well hail him. For
the jiicnic season is with as.
At Harbor View yesterday there were
scores of picnicker?. The breeze blew in
strong from the ocean, but the girl with the
Julyii rcb^ only to-sed back her crimps and
clutched at her skirts while her escort got
a death grip on his new dollar bat. A
breeze by the oc-an side on a sunny day is
not altogether disagreeable. It is so sug
gestive of health and vigor and of the
beautiful broad expanse of endless blue
beyond the Gate that the young man who
slaves in the fetid atmosphere of shop,
store or oh'icc all the week feels his chest
expanding as he breathes in the rare
elixir. And his fair companion knows
that the zephyrs apply a daintier rouge
than can be purchased of the apothecary.
Out on the bay a little white yacht scuds
along the white spotless water.
The French branch of the Labor Social
ists' Society held forth at Harbor View
Park yesterday. They area jolly crowd of
French men and women, though jolly, of
course, is not just the word in tne latter
case. The men somehow look as if they
would only be in their element with their
feet ensconced under a festive board laden
with good things, including plenty of dark
bottles, and with napkins tucked under
their chins. And that means that they
look like a crowd of jolly good fellows who
enjoy the good things of life. They were
not a hilarious crowd, however. The ma
jority of their gathering of 500 or bOO was
composed of lamily groups, who strolled
about the grounds or stood down by the
beach and watched the ships and the
pleasure craft on the bay.
At Germania Part there was a gathering
of about 15'X) — about all the grounds could
well accommodate. The Austrian be
nevolent societies of San Francisco and
Jose were having a reunion. The San Jose
society is very strong numerically, and in
the history of the order not a member has
ever missed a picnic without a better ex
cuse than would be required to relieve him
of jury duty. About 600 came up from
San Jose yesterday, and that included
every man whose name ends with "itch"
within a radius of fifteen miles of the
Garden City.
One of the attractive features of the Aus
trian outinc was the tombola drawing.
Over 150 prizes had been donated hy
friends of the society, ami these were dis
tributed^by rattle. A. fccanatich, the jovial
president of the San Francisco society, raf
fled off the tombola tickets. He enticed
his Slavonian brethren into taking their
chances with the ivory with the sang froid
of a born spieler.
The affair was decidedly successful. As
at Harbor View Park, there was an absence
of rowdyism, which reflected great credit
upon those managing the affair. The
committee in charge consisted of E. L.
Lindwall George Capriviza,
Anton Cunicich, L. J. Radovich, A. Fran
covich, August Kiselicb and P. A. Go
gheneiz of San Francisco, and A. Baroje
(chairman), Vlaho Zicovich and A. An
ticevich of San Jose.
There were a few private picnics in the
vicinity. Among others a number of
Norwegians enjoyed trips to the Ocean
side as a fitting tinale of their celebration
of the eightieth anniversary of Norwegian
independence. The main celebration was
held at Saratoga Hall Saturday night and
yesterday morning. The programme con
sisted of a farce, under the direction of
Halfdan Groetschitr. This was followed
by a banquet, with appropriate toasts.
The Society of Christian Endeavor of the
First Cougreirational Church heidits regular
meeting last night at the residence of D. \V
Kolger, 191(5 Franklin street, because tne
church since the pastor was deposed has been
closed to all meetings. Dr. C. O. Brown and
Mrs. Brown were present during the simple
services of song and prayer, participated in by
about bcvtni y persons, mostly young people.
Rev. A. M. Russell's Ver
sion of the History of
Catholicism.
ITS GROWTH GRADUAL.
Denounces the Claim That It
Sprang Full Fiedged Into
Existence.
RESP£CTS TO FATHER YORKE.
That Gentleman Taken to Task for
His Remarks Concerning the
Protestant Clergymen.
Rev. A. M. Kussell of the Hamilton
square Baptist Church was the drawing
card at the Good Citizenship meeting at
Meropolitan Hall yesterday. His address
was preceded by the customary prelimi
naries and a patriotic vocal soio by Miss
Emma Russell.
In his opening remarks Chairman Quit
zow said:
We are pleased to welcome you here again
to-day. We realize the fact that our growing
strength is creating alarm among the enemy
to free thought, enlightenment, patriotism
and broad Americanism.
Somebody's bull has been gored, judging
from the bellowing of some obscure advocates
of superstition and enemies of progression.
They cannot bear the searchlight of intelli
gence turned upon them, and their malicious
spirit is aroused when the truth is spoken of
them. They nre constrained to nckiouiedge
our success and that the masses of the intelli
gent people are being convinced of the justice
of our principles, and that in aiding us to sus
tain our humanitarian teaching they are as
sisting in t!>e furtherance of the greatest good
to the greatest number.
This is a movement of the people — one that
will re'.ieve ihem of the oppression of design
ing ecclesiastical and political slavery, and
which will teeore to all the right to exer
cise end iol.ow the dictates of their own coa
scivuee.
The opponeut, who can only resort to vilifi
cation, to the use of filthy epithets, and who
stigmatizes all that is said as a lie, because he
cannot ir.eet hi.-, antagonist with sound argu
ment, will be compelled to receive the just
censure of his fellow-man.
Why are the advocates of a lost cause so
ineeused at the advancement of the right, so
agitated at the present time? It is because
they read the writings on the wall; they real
ize that they can uo longer deprive the people
of their just rights; that the people will
think, and that by thinking they will recog
nize who are their true and unselfish friends.
The present political enliehtenment of the
people is a thorn in the side of ilioe who have
so long deceived them, and bare reaped a
golden harvest as the fruits of their deceit.
Thev realize that the day of retribution is at
hand and that they can no longer thrive on
their ill-gotten gains.
When the source of their vast revenue is cut
off you will see the dishonest deceivers of the
masses leaving the monasteries, parochial
schools and pretended places of worship and
turning State's evidence, resulting in a full
presentation of the evidence on the part of
honesty and good-will to man, and bringing
with it the restoration of the free and untram
meled enjoyment of all the benefits secured to
the American people by the Constitution of
our country.
Another cause of congratulation is that we
have actually captured the Catholic Chnrch.
It was not ?o long ago that they refused to
permit the remains of «n old soldier to be car
ried into their church because it was wrapped
in the American flap, but now they are beg
ging to have our old veterans taken into their
edifices, and even ask them to bring along
their fife and drums, and insist upon the
American flag being used to enwrap the cas
ket. To this change of heart wo have con
verted them by sound argument.
Rev. A. M. Russell was tiien introduced,
and began by sayinp:
Before taking up the subject proper of my
address I think I should be as poJite as Mr.
Yorke has been and nm pay my rejects to
him.
He says I am utterly unknown and very
ignorant and that he has taken it upon him
self to do me the service of making me
known.
Now, if I am such a poor, little, weak thing
wouldn't' the gnat giant crush me under his
paw, or is he masquerading under a lamb's
skin, and when he opens his mouth does he
not betray what he really is?
Forhishieh talents I have the greatest re
spect; for his billingsgate 1 have the most
supreme contempt. It smells of the
markt-'.
About three weeks aeo I came here to try
and help the Catholics. Wouldn't he now
give one Sunday afternoon to he'.p the cause
of the A. P. A. by coming here and speaking
to you? I am sure he ought to and I am sure,
too, that he could tell you many things of which
neither you nor I have at present any knowl
edge. Hecou.d bring many things out of the
dark and into the light which would en
lighten us.
It is a dastardly thing to have secret so
cieties, iuch as the A. P. A., but it is all right
in the CAse of the Y. M. I.
He then threw up to me my poverty. In
this connection 1 cannot help thinking that
he and his kind would not be so rich if they
had not so many dextrous— what shall I call
it (appealing to the audience)?
"Highway robbery," shouted a voice in
the gallery.
"I will take the words suggested," said
the speaker, and then continued after a
pause, "of the living and the dead."
He then referred to a published report
that Bishop Ireland had lost |1,COO,000 in
aland speculation as substantiating his
claim that the priesthood of the Catholic
church were seeking to enrich themselves
at the expense of their parishioners. He
continued :
My lecture is simply on this topic, "Where
did Romanism come from; or the history of
the great Roman Hierarchy?"
The Roman Catholic church stands to-day
about the best orgunized body in the world,
and Mil' has any amount of wealth, but it does
not belong to the common people. The idea
that a Bishop should lose $l,OOO.000 in a
land deal shows how well they are intrenched.
They have millions and millions stored away,
and all in the hands of the prieta and higher
church officials.
The Roman Catholic ehnrch is not the
church ol the New Testament. The church of
the New Testament has no head except Jesus
Christ. The church of the New Testament has
no rites of a spectacular nature : has no bowing
to images, has no confession except to God.
Neither has it any purgatorial fire. It has hell
fire, but the Catholics have added an extra
furnace.
There is no temporal power or authority vested
in any one by the New Testament, and if Rome
were religiously right she would not be politi
cally wrong.
When you hear any man say that the Roman
Catholic church came full-fledged from Jesus
Christ you may put him down as a fool or a
knave. Romanism is the result of a vast
aggregation of circumstances extending
through many centuries.
The speaker then described in detail the
evolution of the Roman Catholic church
and the priesthood in connection there
with. He declared that priests were made
a part of the machinery of the Roman
Cotholic church to conciliate and attract
the Jews and pagans, and that '"patronage,
power and persecution" have been the in
bpirine motives of the church and its ad
herents.
Rev. Mr. Russell then denounced as in
excusable and unchristian the practice e
attributed to tlie l.'atnolic church authori
ties of exhibiting the coat in wnich Christ
was said to have been crucified and tiie
cross on which be expired. He stated that
this was done simply to pull the people and
to make profitable traffic out of these ana
similar aliened holy relics of the Savior.
What There la iu Store for Those
Who Want Amusement
To-XIght.
The Daly season opens at the Baldwin
Theater to-nipht with Ada Reban in the
"Countess Gucki," translated for her, and
dedicated to her, dv the author. The plav
represents Austrian society life.
The management of the California Thea
ter will this evening present thataninsine
farce-comedy, "A Trip to Chinatown."
Harry Conor and other members of the
Hoyt company will appear in this play.
Swatz's comedy. "MissHarum Scarum,"
will bo put or. the stage at the Columbia
Theater this evening. The principal roles
will be assumed by Miss Amy Lee and
Frank Duane.
The old-time historical tragedy of "Jack
Cade," which is always interesting, will
be offered at the Grand Opera-hou-e to
night with Edmund K. Collier in the prin
cipal role, supported by Mrs. Lisle Leigh.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin," as an opera, will
be produced at the Tivoli Opera-house this
evening. William H. West will appear as
Uncle Tom and Wash Norton, an old-time
minstrel, will take part.
The programme at the Orpheum Music
Hall includes the names of a large num
ber of artists who succeed in amusing the
audiences. To-night Hurry Le Clair and
Ed Leslie will appear in burlesque and
comedy.
The attraction at the Macdonough in
Oakland this evening will be a perform
ance by the Primrose & West minstrel
troupe of natural ami made-up blacks.
This company will play but two nignts
there.
• — * — •
Celebrated In Kisay and Song the Foun
dation of the Great Methodist Society.
The California-street Methodist Church
was gay lasr m>ht with the colors and
emblems of the Epworth Leaeue. Widths
of red and of white bunting were draped
aloiiL' the balconies. The choir rail was
outlined in the same colors and in lront of
the altar was a beautiful large Maltese
cross wrought in both red and white
flowers, while the altar itself was covered
with other floral decorations.
It was an anniversary celebration of the
founding of the Epworth League, a young
people's society of the Methodist church,
which in its sev. n years' existence has
grown to an enormous membership of
| 1,350,000 persons, divided into 21,000
leatruos, scattered over the world wherever
there are Methodist churcnes.
A musical and literary programme was
furnished by Epworth Leaguers, to whom
the church had been surrendered for the
evening. Following is the programme in
part I
Solo, Miss Kerns; paper. "Our League, " the
Rev. J. H. Northern; paper, -'Our Pledge," C.
A. Maydweil; paper, "Our Colors.' 1 Charlie
Grillitns; paper, "Our Badge." Mi?s S. E.
Powell; paper, "Our Motto, 'Look Up, Lift
Up,' " Miss A. G. Patterson; "Wnat It Means
to Be a Loyal Leaguer," Ava Coleruan o£ the
PresMio Barracks; remarks by the Rev. Mr.
Goodwin, the pastor.
The A!!a Gun Club held its woekly shoot at
inanimate targets yesterday at thy Seven-mile
House.~ The conditions were twentv-five b'ue
roefcs, known traps and unknown anglvs. The
following hits wore mncle:
1'. Sweeney 8, J. J. Xoonan 11, F. Walpert R,
L. Holden 18. J. Dwyer 16, 3. Sohulken 8, F.
Dwyer 13, F. McLaughlin 15, C. Buss 21, J.
Cull 23.
78
The Action of the Board of Trus
tees of the Odd Fellows'
Home.
Red Men's Celebration of Tammany
Day— Work of the Foresters.
The A. 0. U. W.
Order of the Eastern Star.
Grand Patron Merritt was to have visited
the chapter at Gilroy last week, but he was
prevented from so doing by business engage
ments. Of seventy-two engagements made he
has kept all but two— a remarkable record.
On Thursday he will visit Valley of the Moon
Chapter at Sonoma. On Saturday he will pay
a visit to the chapter at Anderson.
Deputy District Grsnd Matron Mrs. Bertha
Lorilzen will visit Ban Jose Chapter to-morrow
night
Steps are being taken in Wiunemucea, -Nov.,
to organize i> chapter In that place.
The grand patron visited Fidelia Chapter at
Yuba City last Tuesday.
Next Thursday night Golden Gate Chapter
will hold a district meeting 'and at the same
time celebrate the anniversary of its institu
tion in 1869.
Independent Order of Odd Fellow*.
The directors of the Odd Fellows' Home at Ther
malito met last Friday and elected the following
officers for the ensuing year: C .N. Fox of Oak
laud, president (re-elected); William II. Barnes
of San Francisco, vice-presidenl (re-elected); A-
F.Jones of Orovllle, director, a. U Bartlett and
nis wife were continued in oilico, the former as
superintendent and the latter as matron of the
home.
The officers discussed the proposition to create
theofli'-eof hospital stew.irl, as the needs of me
institution demand su-h an official. The president
was authorized to procure for the home games such
as dominos and !otto for the benefit of the in
mates. The board will add to the home a cold
storage-room In the basement, it also con em
platrs tbe extension of one of the wings of the
builrtinetor the purpose of providing moreaceom
mo.latioiis. as at present the home is almost
crowded to its capacity, even with' the dormitory
established in the attic.
I be (ill Odd Fellows' Home of Vermont will be
dedicated on tbeSOtb lust. I: is located at Luel
lew, twenty-five miles from Rutland, and is th«
pjft of Jam'en ■-. Gill of Boston, who is not a mem
ber of the fraternity. Its value is estimated at
£25,000.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The action of the recent <Jrand Lodge in offering
premiums to members introducing candidates in
the lodges has already produced good results. Up
to last Friday the grand medical examiner had
passed on fifty certificates of applicants-
Next Saturday evening at a meeting of Golden
Wist Lodge Grana Master Vinter, who will De ac
companied by other grand i (Beers, will present
the lodge « handsome banner for having during
1895 added to its list the greatest number of new
members. Past Master Workman I- M. Me-
Malion. under whose management this Increase
occurred, will be presented a tine gold badge, voted
him by the Grand Lodge.
The corporate, directors will meet to-morrow
night to select an official organ. The board win be
call d upon to consider six proposals.
The amendments to the constitution of the
grand and subordinate lodges of this jurisdiction
have been roved by the supreme master work
man.
■>n Thursdiy evening. May •_•><, Pacific lodge
will hold an open meeting for members of the
order ami frieuds. wli< u iv*; Grand Master Work
man Roger* will lecture on the "Economic Law of
the S'rmon on the Monn:." This lodce a: its last
held meeiing initiated i niimb.-r ot' candidates.
The drill tt-.im of Pacific Lodte w.u on the even
ing of the 28th visit Valley i.<<l.-.- and Illustrate
the work on ten candidates, i';.st Urand Master
J. W. Ward is the capiuin of the team and Deputy
(irund Master Workman loi.uii acts as master
workman.
A meetise will be held In the hall of OaK Leaf
Lodge io-iii{.'lil lor the purp > •■■ of organising a Past
Masters' Association of .\ anie !a County.'
< -ii Monday evening < 'ak Leal Ixxli;e So. 25 gave
the grand recorder, D. >. Hir^liberg— of which
lodge lie is a member— a surprise by placing upon
the walls of the new A. U. U. W." hull a life-size
crayon portrait of tU ■ brother. The picture is the
work of Miss HarrLs, daughter of Joseph Harris.
who for tii ■ ''ii years has been the receiver of uaK
Leaf lodge, and the irame, which Is of solid oak
and which has carved upon It wreaths of oak
leaves, was made by Past Master Workman Wil
liam i ' g.m.
Degree of Honor.
Last Thursday evening there was a large meet
ing in Norm Temescal of silver 8 ar Lodge, De
gree of Honor, and Temple Lodge of the Work
in -i). A goxl programme of song, music and
speech was presented, and It proved an enter
taining one. Simiiel Boo h, grand receiver,' de
livered a leiture on '-Great Fortunes," and showed
that no matter how much, a person has of wealth
II .i •■< no harm to be Insured in the Workmen, as
one never knows when a fortune may be swep".
away. Mrs .M. J. Steward P. (J. (1 H . delivered
em address, at cr which the grand receiver pre
sented to Stiver star a fine por rait of me lady
who preceded him. .Mrs. Stewart. Ui-anl Ke
i " -lit r D. -. llirsiiberg also delivered an address.
The niet'lln : of the super or Lod^e of i e 1'••
cree (>, Honor hits bee n i-ostponed from the loth
to •■>■ I2tt of June. The representative*! from
< a tfornla are Mrs M. J. Stewart, \V. H. Barnes
and I), S. Hirshberg.
Improved Order of Ke«> Men.
i is. .ola Tribe No. 71 received a visit from Great
Sachun A. Jackson last Monday. Jie was ac
coruianied by tlie great chief of records. Past
Great Sachems B. F. Josselyn and I're.ik. Brandt,
li(-;).ity Great Sachems P. L. JU.ff, J. M. La. ■:,.•>
anil M. .1. Knirfleld and a large delegation from the
tribes of this City. Pohonacnee Tribe >o. 30
•luenchert it- council fire and visited Osceola in a
body. A pale-face had been captured and the
pdopt ton. degree whs conferred nixm him by the
tribal team in «-x< •■ lent form. The creat sachem
in Ins address congratulated the members upon
their excellent work and the prosperity of the
tribe.
Arapahoe Tribe conferred the adoption degree
during the great sachem's official visit on the 8th
Heep and entertained a creat many visitors on
that occasion. This tribe is very prosperous.
St. 1 many day xvas celeoraied last Tuesday in
the wigwam of White Kajrli- Tribe. It was the day
of .he great chiefs* visitation toihe tribe, In re
sponse tc a request of (he great sacnern that the
members of the tribes In these banting grounds
meet with mm in this v.Igwam to celebrate the day
i. gnat many visiting chiefs were present. The
large bull was tastefully decorated, and with its
Krien bows and trees et about a number of tee
lies represented an Indian vil.age in a forest
scene. A paleface wan adopted aDd four applica
tions received. I he i;reat sachem made a very
pleasant "long talk" a>id rejoiced witii i lie mem
bers in the prosperity Of the tribe. Great Chief of
Kecordis C. K. U. reman made the address of the
day. He gave a review of the h:«:ory, the life and
deeds of Tammany and bis people, the causes that
enabled the i»ri Men of the northern continent to
main aln their liberty and democratic form of
government in unbroken line for centuries before
the wlvent of the- palefaces.
.Optionee Tribe conferred the adoption degree
upon ten j-a'.efaces and noted upon elebt applica
tions for memoership during the oflicial visit of
i he great chiefs. This tribe has more than doubled
its membership thus far during the term and is
now the leading competitor for the great council
award.
Charles Hr/.i'tj Jr., chief of records of Tribe 53
a! Yreka. is on a sojourn in these hunting grounds
and will remain for several- weeks. ........
Mrs Minnie Newton, wife of County O!erk .New
ton of Siskiyou County, and Pocahontas of lone
Council No. 11 at Yreka, is on a visit here with
her sister. Miss Kits lashtjursj. They will make
a (mental visit to I'ocaiiontas councif No. 3 i». of
P., in coni|i.my with MUs Addle Payne and Past
t^ach ins CMarles Hcrziig and A. K. Payne this
evening, i ..■ greet chiefs will be present' and the
r.clnjiCOD degree will be conferred.
I i.i !._::. I of Mo: ti-zuiua -No. 15 had an excep
tions.Jy line Catherine last Wednesday. Great
1'r ( ihe ess Carrie M. Johnson, accompanied by a
lar^e delegation from Alfure;a council, made a fra
ternal visit. _^
.:*_■ Foresters of America.
The following standing committees have been
announced by <;ra;i<t Chief Hanger Vellage: Print
ing a..d supplies— C Jl. Breraer, H. B. Veliage and
S. A. While. By-laws' of subordinate courts— J.
Samuels, B. L. rorster and ( '. H. Bremer. Finance
coin mi' toe of K. C— J. s. \v. Sannden; K. S. Har
rison and K. liold-n. Grand auditing— John
lice nan of No. 66. .-ol Peiser of No. 20, (J. C. Berg
of No. 21, <!ran<l arbitration— J. L. ICcCormtcli of
■ ii. 3M, .1. M Lackey of .No 55, i-;n.il I-anipeof No.
15. .'. Illlain Kartells of No. 17, K de .Iu i.- of No
iai». <-eorRe Heal me of No 21 and I. L. David of
No. :■!". 'I rnnsportaiion— J. C. Howe of No. 13, B.
Bercovlcfj «i No. 3S Bad (J. A. Trautner of No 27.
The results of tin: session of the urand court held
at Wataonvi If- -•■ m to mees with the ajiproT-1 of
Dearly all tilt- i. embers of the order.' Among the
amendments to Hie laws are the follow in;j: Pro
viding for Hi.- apiouument of a presiding officer
in grand court meeting! in the event of the ab
sence or disability of both the grand chief ranger
and grand Hub- chief ranger: making the
grai-d . ricoidin^ secretary a member of
the .visiting board and: providing . for
the appointment of district deputies as
members of fie visiting beard in places where
no grand officer is located: authorizing the grand
chief ranee'' to investigate subject matters when
fitK-s have been oppose.l by depu.ies; substituting
•Huberts' Hn 1 di urder" as the parliamentary
Manila] tor "l uslilne's Manual ': makloii ihe rirat
iii" <• ii.K nigUM III he ni'ii: bs of June and I^eceni
b«r of each year the nii;lH« for the election of olli
errs: that th bond of a trvbRrrer in a subordinate
court shall not be ii .ss than 7*260; prohibuing a
treasurer of a subordinate, court trom having under '
his control more than -J6 percent of the. total
funds, and In no " event to have more ! than the
amount of his bond: making it obligatory upon the
red' rdiag secretary to enter as part of the records
he Itemized n'celp'.s ::nd expeii:Iitnif>s; precluded
jti(.u;"-»rs need not appear in person - tor reinstate-
nient; prohibiting precluded members from re
joining the order as new members until after
the time in which applications tor reinstatement
n.;iv be made: providing for methods of appeal
and the collection of tines in courts other th; to
wnicb the aggrieved or fined member belongs;
authorizing Hie presiding officer to fix the date
when arbitration committees are to assemble:
making i: obligatory upon members with a medi
cal roll card to pass medical examination before
the curd is accepted by another court when pre
senting same for the first time; providing that Hie
selection 01 (be next place of meeting shall have
precedence over the nomination and election of
officers: providing for an audit of the Grand Court
books every four months instead of semi-annually :
members residing continuously for more than one
year away from th»-ir court sliall place their name
upon the medical roll of the nearest court and fail
ing to do 30 will forfeit the right Of obtaining medi
cine and medical attendance.
The new regalia for the officers hns been re
ceived. The collars represent the tricolors. The
body is red silk, edged with white and blue. The
insignia of office depends from a stag's bead, an :
is of silver and very neat in design. It is expected
that the regalia for members will be received
shortly.
Independent Order of Foresters.
Court Diana bold a large meeting last Thursday
night, and after receiving two applications listened
to ■ very instructive address on forestry by High
Counselor Perry. Interesting addresses were nlso
made by visiting members of other courts and by
members of the sitting court.
UOUXt S. quoia held m rousing meeting in Santa
Cruz on the evening of the 8th inst. to recvive a
visit from High Chief Ranger McKlfrcsh. Unde
livered an InstrucMvp lecture on the objects of the
order, and it is predicted that his visit and talk
tin re will result in great pood to the order in that
section of the country.
i'ii the 9ih the high chief ranger visited Court
Wild wood a f Boulder Creek. This court reports
103 members in good standing. The court held an
open meeting, at which \V. B. Rodgers, C4. !>., pre
sided.
i. ourt Ix>s Angeles, with its membership of 495,
is the banner court in the order. The members of
the orderin this Htate are working to make it the
stroriKest of ail organizations.
Court Seal ito.'k at a recent meetiii" was
honored by a visit from the high chief ranger, the
high counselor and J. S. Harvey, district deputy
of court Golden Km. Kacb of the visitors and a.
number of members spoke in an entertaining
manner, and the members expressed a determina
tion to advance the interests of the court. Last
Monday night several candidates were initiated
and a number of applications were received. The
courts report good progress.
Native Sons of the Golden Wc»t.
Grand President Gesford lias appointed the fol
lowing committees of the Grand Parlor: Finance —
D. 1.. Fitzgerald. W. I), Shea", Henry UebtenaMIn;
printing and inpoliea— E. Mooser, R. W.
Marti and, W. A. King; laws and supervision —
Eocene P. Bert. E. C. Schnabel, Ben F. Woollier.
11. G. Richards, Frank J. Muraskj-; state of the
order— A. \V. Hill, C. K. Emerson, W. K. Baclrr,
T. 51. Church, John Tatham: appeals and griev-
ances— Georce E. de Golia, F. H. Kerrigan, J. J.
Wvatt. A. F. Miller, B. >. Herrington: petitions—
(Jeor^p A. Oakes. F. 1". \Vehe, P. T. Dubriug; re
tums—William I. May. Louis NoinieimiRiui. K. (.'.
(.'lKsebro; literatim — Jnmts II. l'onrt. J. J. Me-
Mabon, a. \v. North, \v. v. Smith, A. W. F«ldler;
leRislaiion— II. G. W. Dtnkelspiel, .1. K. I'arraher,
\V. B. Cope, A. F. Kraily, c'. M. L'asaln; ritual—
Frank L. Coombs, Janus 1). l'heian. ML A. l>orn,
ewta F. Bymgton, J. 1.. Geary; Lt»nsport*tton—
lieorge Ii. S. Dryden. <5uy 1». Hull, Joseph Cnm
mloci
Special committee on celebration of the fiftieth
anniversary of the raising of the American ting at
Monterey, July 7, 1846, by ComniO'lore ~loat: the
discovery Of cold in California, and the treaty of
< i'.iadalupe Hidalgo— Henry C GeMord, .lames I).
Phelau, M. A. Dorn, I'. K. Zabala. C M. VVooatar.
Special committee on celebration of the liuieih
anniversary of the raising of the Bear Flag at Bo
noma on June 14. 1MB— F. T. iiuhritiR, llemy
I.nu»:e<lt, llobert P. Hill, D. C Martin, C. M. Bel
shaw.
The parlor of Sausalito is to be reorganized.
Native Daughter* of the Golden West.
Since the latest publication in this department
the following named native daughters haw oet-n
elected delegates to 'hi> (Jrand Parlor: From
lamella Parlor of Anderson. Mrs. Mmi'l Ander
son: Eschol I'arlor of Napa. Mrs. Dell Stockman;
Bonlta J'arior of Redwood City, Miis Jennie
Kt-lly: Olivina Parlor of Alvani.to, .Mrs. .Nellie
Foley: Mariposa Parlor of .Mariposa, Miss Isabel
fr'arnsworth: Las P.uinas Parlorof Ventura. Miss
Edith R. Bonestel: Joaquin P.irlor of Stockton.
Mrs. l^iia H. Mi'ls; Marguerite Park r ot" l'lacer
viile, Miss Louisa Sheppard and Mrs. Katf T.
Brings: Amapoia Parlor of sutter Creek Laura
Jane Frakt-s: Golden late Pi-.rlor of san Fran
cisco, Miss Rose Day, and Miss Freda von Staden
as alternate.
l.a Kstrella Partor No. 89 was instituted- in
Native .-ons' Hall on last Tuesday evening. It is
the first parlor instituted In that building. The
instituting officer was Deputy District Grand
President Mrs. C. S. Baker, assisted, by Deputy
District Grand President Mrs. Julia It. Utelnbach,
Grand Vice-President Mrs. Mary Tillman, (irand
Secretary Mrs. Georgie C. Kyan and Grand Trustee
Mr- Belle Conrad. The worlc was none in an ex
cellent manner. • The officers chosen will be pub
licly installed this evening by the chief instituting
officer in Coloma Hall. N. S. G. W. building, when
inemljers of th" ora.T and members of the Native
irons' parlors will b« welcome.
The members 01 Amapola Parlor of Sutler Creek
have been seized with the patriotic desire to pos
sess a fine flag, and to thai end they have derided
to present to the citizens of that place and vicinity
a drama entitled "Kebecca's Triumph." next Sat
urdav night. The net proceeds of th" entertain
ment will be devoted to the flag fund. The leading
characters will be assumed by Mrs. Frances Vinci,
Mrs. Adelle Litgow, Miss Daisy Payne ana Miss
Kose Green.
Miss Lily Reichling, the founder of the order and
a member of Ursula Parlor No. 1 of Jackson, A ma
dor County, accompanied by Grand Vice-Prealdent
Mrs. Mary Tiliman, paid a Visit to Golden -tat-
Parlor of this City on the evening of the 16th inst.,
and they were most cordially received. After the
parlor had transacted its business refreshments
w«-re served and a pleasant time was had. The
leap year party recently given by this parlor was a
grand success socially as well as linaticiully.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
On the evening of Thursday, the 28th, Alex
ander Hamilton Council will hold an open meiiing
to its friends to enable them to listen to au iir^u
men: on woman suffrage, l»r. George L. Fltdl and
George \V. Fox being the speakers who will pre
sent the two sides of the question.
Paul Revere Council will give nn entertainment
a'ld ball in Hhattuck Hull in Berkeley on the 28th
inst. Professional talent has own secured.
On Weiiiiesiiay evening Abraham Lincoln Coun
dl will piv< asocial smoker in the uaiuiLiet-room
In B. B. Hall, pa riotic addresses will be
delivered.
The councils of Alameda will meet in the hall
of Monroe Council to-night.
state Councilor schiKTtzer will visit the council
in Placerviile on the -/Sin inst.
Colonel i>. S. Butler, J. P. s. C., of Los Angeles
was in I his City ou u visit last week.
Joseph Powell, National organizer, will oncaniz^
councils in Idaho and Wyoming by the middle of
June.
Independent Order B'ne B'rith.
The general commit l«e and the presidents of the
IocrI lod^e- met yesterday und concluded all thear-
run merits for the memorial service to be held in
B. B. Hall on the evening of the 21st in (it. In re
spect to the memory of the late Baron de Hlrsch.
The vocal music for the occasion will be under the
direction of K. J. Stark, cantor of the Temple
Kmanu-El. Admission will be by card only and the
doors will be closed at a quarter past 8 o'clock.
The ball in which the service is to be held will bo
appropriately decorated under the supervision of
ii. tiultstadt. The programme as decided upon
unless something should occur to cause a chance,
will De as follows: Anthem, remarks by Grand
Presi dent E. i. .Wolfe, music, prayer by the Hev.
Mr. Nieto. music, address by the Rev. Father
Yorke. music by Ihe choir, address by the Rev.
Jacob Voorsanger, music, address by the Rev!
Horatio istebbins, music oy the choir, closing re-"
marks by Grand ' rator I ausky and benediction
by the Rev. H. M. Levy. *
Grand President E. I. Wolfe is making arrange
ments to visit the lodges in the southern part of
the State during June. He will call on Yosemi
1 o1ge at .Merced. Orange and Tropic lodges
at Los Angeles, Paradise Lodge in San Bernardino
ami Lacker Ledge in San Diego. .
The order has been making considerable progress
In Germany District No. 8, which has headquarters
at Berlin: has twenty-nine lodges with a member
ship of '-'733.
To-morrow evening the grand officers will pay a
visit to Montefiore Lodge In Onkland.
Young Men's Institute.
Last Thursday evening Mission Council cele
brated its eleventh anniversary by a ball at Mis
sion Parlor Hall. It was a full-dress affair, and
was a great success.
The lecture to be given under the auspices of
Korromean Council has been postponed until the
4th of June.
At its meeting on the 7th inst. Santa Cruz Coun
cil initiated eight candidates, and at its next meet
ing will initiate sixteen more. •
Pioneer Council held high jinks ami enjoyed
lamales at their hail at ad quarters last Thurs
day night.
On Thursday night Bermineharn Councilgavean
enjoyable entertainment in Union-square Hall,
there being a large attendance. , . ■
At the district meeting, hold in the nail of Igna
tian Council, the topic under, discussion was the
sick-benefit system. The. next meeting will be
l.i lu in the hail of San Francisco Council.
Washington Cooncll will give a social in Alcazar
building on the evei.ing of the Via of June. ■ i
. .
Lading of the Grand Army.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of the O. A. R.,
has settled down to business Again since the ad
journment of the convention and is ready to stand
by the new officers. The circle will hold Its me
morial service on the evening of the 25th Inst. in
the. Native Sons' building. The annual picnic of
the circle will b « held at Shell Mound Park on
Saturday, tin- "i.-^ ins;. A large crowd and a bc-oJ
time is anticipated.
The annnul meeting of the Woman's Relief
Corps Association was held in this City on las!
Monday. The monthly meetings of the l>oard will
be held on the first .Monday of tac.i month. . The
following were elected as officers of tin- bout i of
directors . lor the ' ensuing year; Cora Merritt,
president; Oeraldlne K. ' -triable, vice-president •
•arab J. Farwell, secretary; 'Mary Secord, treas
urer: Agusta Toner, Adeline' K. Osgood, Lettle
Winans, Mrs. Snofford ■ and Kate M. . Howard,
directors.
The following members of the <«rand Army were
elected as an advisory board: T. C. Masttller, U.
Mason Kinne, Henry C. Dihble and ;<ol Cohen of
San Francisco: Thomas Kelly, L. Finegau. San
Jose, and W. R. Thomas of Oakland.
The follon-itift are (be present members of the as
sociation; F.lizabt ih U'Arcy lvin:ie. Kate M. How
ard. !?an Francisco: Cora Mernlt, S:>rah J. Far
well. Adeline K. Oscood, Irene E. Gibson, Oak
land; Henrietta Morrison. Carrie 1- . Atkinson, |
Berkeley; Lottie Wloatu, Petainma: Ueraldine B.
Fri.shie, Menlo Park; Mary Accord, Annie Lewis,
San Jose: Laura J. Perry, Mrs. Hpslfonl, .Santa
Cruz: Ellen Bogle, Vnllejo; 'Augusta Toiler, Caro
line Hancock, Sacramento: Jennie L. Southworth,
Inez IStuUi, iMocktou; aura M. Wyckoff, Ukiah.
United Ancient Order of Druids.
Last Wednesday evening C. Leister, D. D. G. A s
installed the Officers of iSijcel Grove. The same
night J. Bordocavp, I). D.G. A., installed the offi
cers of Celtic Grove of South San Francisco.
On Thursday iiighi tlie oiHcers of | Hesperian and
Golden .-tar groves were publicly installed in Wash
ington-square Hall by EL J. <;ro".er, D. D. G. A.,
tin- worK being done in a v ery impressive manner.
After an address on the alms of the order by J. A.
l>evoto, D. D. G. A., the floor was cleared . for
dancing. The sama night J. Pattugara, D. D. G. A.,
installed the otlicers of Concordia Grove. After
the installation the members were entertained by
G. Alegretti, the treasurer.
At its last meeting V'asco do < Jam a Grove re
ceived two Plications and conferred the second
and third degrees.
Laurel (irove was <>ntertfiinpd with a collation by
the picnic committee last Friday.
Past Arch W. U. Kowell and A. P. McCarthy of
Washington Grove, Eureka, Humhnldt County,
wire in the City last week in attendance on the
Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows.
Perseverance Grove will picnic at Fairfax on the
24th.
Knyal ArcHiium.
Argonaut Council, keeping up with the spirit of
advancement, on last Monday vacated Its quar
ters which it had occupied for twelve years and
moved into larger rooms on a floor below in the
same building. The council's meeting-room now
is in Eastern Hall.
El more K. Swing of the Welsbach Commercial
Company of Philadelphia, formerly grand regent
of the State of Ohio, recently filed his transfer and
was admitted into Argorau.. Council. Amon-.;
those who have recently been admitted are:
James M. Long, vice-president of the Lone Refin
ing Company; B. K Strum thai of Kohlberg.
Strauss A Frohronn: S. C.spinney, H. D. Hunt, K.
A. Doolittle ant! James Malcolm!
The picnic which has lie-n spoken of for anni
versary day has been declared off. There will be
Instead a musical and literary entertainment.
The newly organized council will meet in Native
Sons' Hall for business on Thursday night. B.
Stone is the organizer.
Son» of St. (ieorgc
The Grand Lodge of the Pacific Coast jurisdiction
will convene in San Francisco next July. It is the
intention of the members of. the order In this City
and Alameda county, to give a warm reception to
the representatives and to provide liberally for
their entertainment.
The Grand President, William George of Grass
Valley, is expected shortly to pay <n official visit
to the lodges in this vicinity, the members of
which are anxiously awaiting his coming.
The ninth annual picnic of the order will take
place on May 30 at t unset Park. Santa Cruz Moun
tains. Committees representing Burnaby and
, Pickwick lodges Of tins city, Albion of Oakland
and Derby of Alatneda, are hard at work making
the 'arrangement* for what promises to bo the
most successful picnic the order has yet held.
National Keserve Association.
The biennial meeting of the Supreme Lodge of
this order will be held on the '24th and following
days of next month. The following is * list of
caniMtfa'es for Supreme representatives to the
supreme Lose: P. , A. McPherson, deputy
I supreme president: i. T. Carothers, A. F. Abbott,
A. 11. Walker, G. K. Bandit, L. M. McKenney of '
this City, G. W. Coffin of Alameda, W. p. Geary,
H. A. .\'a-=tell and P. W. Wuthe of Oakland. R. D.
Baker of Berkeley, C. A. Wheeler of Monrovia, H.
G. Watrous and II. W. Ballot Sncraniento, J. • C.
Keys of Stockton. T. W. Doraan of Kre-ino, Daniel
I'ti nan of Bakersfield ant W. J. Hamilton and
Lewis Miller of Los A nojeles.
A strong effort will be made to capture the
representative from the North by the members of
ban Francisco.
Order of Fend on.
Assessment No. 25, called May 1, will be de
linquent on the 31st.
The action brought against the order by Insur- |
ance Commissioner Illgclns has been withdrawn, J
as an examination' ha . satisfied him that the
affairs of the order are carried on In a legal
manner.
Golden Gate Council of this City will give a
literary and musical entertainment in Bad Men's
Hall to-nl^ht. This council Initiated three candi
dates on the 2Utb of April and two on the till insl.
Alpha Council No. 40 was organized In Butte,
Mont., recently, and since then it has received
thirty-eight applications for membership.
During the past two weeks fifty-three applica
tions have been received at. the office of the su
preme secretary.
Du'itit 189b twenty-five councils were Insti
tuted. The indications are twice that number
will be instituted during the current year.
Deputy supreme Councilor T. Wilson < 'arrico Is
organizing councils 1:1 Houston, l^alvtston and
I.auora. Tex.
During March and April the order allowed
twenty-four claims for sick, funeral and pension
benefits. .-■ \ :;■
Knight* and Ladies of Honor.
Grand Protector Landen reports two lodges In
the course of organization in the interior.
The past Brand protector spent last weelc in Sac
ramento ai d while there visited the lodges. He
reports much activity in that section.
Equity Lodge of this. City Is arranging a recep
tion to the public on next Wednesday evening.
Aurora Lodge will give one of its ei.j.iyable
socials this evening in aid of some of its needy
mem tiers.
The banquet committee for the entertainment
of the members of the Grand Lodge met last
Tuesday in the hall of Pacific Lodge, settled Its
business and adjourned sine di«.
American Legion of Honor.
Myrtle Council, after listening to an explana
tion of the proposed association of councils at its
meeting last Wednesday night, approved the plan
and named delegates.
Last Thursday there was meeting of the d.-le
gates from twelve of the fourteen councils which
have indorsed the plan of th» united councils
in Bad Men's Hall, on Post street. The Grand
Council's membership commit wai also repre
j sented hi the meeting. There were abouffony
| present and Grand Commander Ft I ben jiresldod
I The committee on laws for the new organization
presented its report, which, after a few altera
tions, wan adopted. The following nam«?d were
elected officers of the new organization: W. A.
I Ltunilas of Bohemian Council, president; Mrs
null- Thomson of Myrtle Council, vice-president;
Sarah B. Jenkins, also of Myrtle Council, secre
tary; J. H. Baker of Golden Shore Council, treas
urer, and Kobt Drosa of Protection Council,
sergeant -nt-arms.
The object of the organization Is to encourage
councils in their work and extend the membership'.
WEATHKK KUKKAU BEPOKT.
United States Dki-artmknt of Aoricui-
TtKE, W'KATHKB BlRKAl-, SAN FRANCISCO.
May 17. 1896. 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 56 69, last season 41.91: K ed Bluff 21 74
last season 26.25: San Francisco 20.84, last season
25.41: Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Ob spo 17.64, last season 25.93; Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.04; San Dieeo 5.92, last
season 12.16; Ynma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations In California durlnz
the past twenty-four hours: Kureka 54. Red Bluff
| 68, -an Francisco 69, Fresno Ti, .San Luis Obiapo
68. Los A nsrles 74, -'-an Dlt-co 66, Yuma 94.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 69
minimum 46. mean 52.
The following rainfall is reported in California
during the past twenty-four hours: Eureka, .14.
The pressure hat risen during the past twelve
hours over Oregon, Washington and Idaho. It has
fallen slightly in the valleys of • California. An
area of hi^li pressure a pears to ,be developing off
the nor hern coast.- The hlRbest pressure within
the limits of observation Is 30.14 Inches at Kureka
Fort Canny and Tatoosh Island. The barometer is
iiill low over the plateau region and eastward. It
is also low In Arizona, the pressure at Yuma belnc
I 29.C8. .-:■.-. .
■ The temperature has remained about stationary
over the entire country wast of the Kocky Moun
tains. It will probably rise slowly Monday over
the Pacific .Slope.
Kain has fallen during the past twenty-four
hours in the northern part of | this Slate, in Oregon
ami in small quantities at one or two Inland sta
tions.
i Conditions are favorable for settled fair weather
1 along the Pacific Slope Monday.
Forecas mud.- at >an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. May 18. ?896:-
Northern California — Fair Monday; warmer:
fresh northwesterly winds. ■ -.
Southern California— Fair Monday; warmer in
nor; h western portion; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday; warmer in northern por
tion. ■,.:.-.. ''.. ':-.--
Utah— Fair Monday:' warmer In northern por
tion Monday and in whole State Monday nlsht.
Arizona — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
I warmer; fresh wester, winds. • .
IALKXANDF.B (J. McAniR, -'. '
■..A'.'.k' Local / or-iast Official.
May, 1896.
I — -Tl!~Zl £fa- jfr. S»- aioon-a PhMM.j'
1 2 ■- ~—— _i
| - •• /f"\LaatQuan*r.|
I " ~ . "|^- / May 4. i
3- 4 5 | 6 : 7 8 j 9—^ ■- 1 J
" , I /US' >>>«• Moon.
10 j 11 J 12 j 13 1* I 15 16 *£/ May i2.
■I 17 18 | 19 | 20 21 22 23 j /-^Flrat Quarter!
-_-____ _ _ . sJJ, May 19.
; 24 25 26 I 27 28 2& 30 T— — .
— ; : — : 1 (£} Full Moon.
31 ■ ' ■ | 'A/ ■' May 26.
Dates of Departure From Sun Francisco.
8TEAMKB | 'XATIOV. : SAIIA | PIER.
Colombia... | Panama Ma.vl8.lS! m P M 3 S
Columbia i Portland .. May IH.lUAMPler 24
UtyPuebla, vMc <t IV Sn.i May 19. Dav Pier 9
Kllttl .... Newuor: May 19. 9am Pier 11
.4: .-en i-'oos uar. . Mav-JO.ll'AH i fieri*
>eott Kei Kiver.... Mav'JO. 9a-j I'ipr 13
t-' h >na China Japn. JIay'JO, 3pm|PM8 S
Barn* itosa.. | -an ]>i ei? o..... M;iv_'1.11am | Pier
Arcjita...... Oregon ports.. May'Jl. 9aw Pier 24
ABIancnani OreKon t>ort3.. May'J2. 6pm Pier 13
1*1 -None .. Orays Uaroor. May
eiat-or Ca. Porilana . May23.10AM Pier 21
<*< I'aui New dor May23. Basi Pier 11
Australia I Honolulu i May •_•:•(. 10a m Oceanic
Jarnnon... aciulna liar. May23. - 0pm Pier —
walla WkIU Vic * Pet snd Mny24. Paw Pier 9
arEAMER I FROM I dui
•f* 4 ™ - I Coot Bay .May 18
SanMareo Comox.. May 18
Willamette I Portland May 18
BaniaKoia. Nan Die«o_ May 13
■^eipic China and Japan May 19
North .'"oru..... HumboidtBay May 19
AliceBlancnard Fortland May lit
neon* Crescent City May 19
alia Walla — Victoria «». Putret Bonna I ..May 20
einteorcal..... fortland... . I. 'May 20
Del None Gruva Haroor... ! ..Ma.- 70
Pomona. Humboiat Bay.... May 20
Farallou 1. ' Vaanina Bar May *1
StPaul Newport. May 21
ban Bias Panama..... May 32
Crescent City... ; Crescent City- May 23
Lorona San Diego. May 23
•■sunol (irays llaroor May '24
Columbia Portland May 25
Orizaba. Mexico May 25
Umfttilla Victoria A I'mro'. "our' ..May ¥5
V. 9. Coast amp Oeodftio sr»v«r Tid«^ .
BfLLETIN POBUsnED FT OFFICIAL ■■ , V
Authority ofthjc Sufgr.rxTKNDtN'T. )
Moiidnv May 18.
Snn rises 4.55 Moon rises
Sunsets 7.1? Moon set* am
May— 189<».
> 11^1 Feet IH21 Feet llUll K«et 1_5£ Feat
Icl.H W L U| It \V| L. Wj
17 1.1a 6.2, 9.00 —0.8 4.54 4.1 9.00 3.1
18 2.19 4.6 9..V2i-0.5' 5.3* 4.3 10.24 2.8
19, 3.41 4.4 10.47 i — 0. i 6.17 4.7 1.4 2.4
20 5.22 4.1 11.51 0 3 6.56 4.9
L W i Feel , II \v Feet i L W : Fee: II \V Feet
21: 0.57 1.71 6.56 4.0 12.46 0 8 7.34 £>.O
22 1.50 1.0 i 8.10 4.2 1.3» 1.2 8.10 6.3
23 2.46 0.2 1 9.24 4.4 1 2.3d 1.0 8.46| 5 7
>otk — In the a Dove exposition of the tides tlia
♦•rly morning; lidos are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tha
order of occurrence im to time. The second tim«
column gives the. second tide of -the day. the third
time column the third tide, 'and the last or riifht
hand column gives the last (Ida of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometime*
occur*. The heights given are addition* to ths
soundings on . the . United Htates Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus s.«n — ) precedes the
hol^ht. and then the number a: von li siibtrac-tlv*
f»r\-., i !>,. ,!,..,; h -I ••..,, y, x . tie riiiro
Arrived.
SUNDAY, May 17.
IT S attar Albatross, Drake, 2 days from Santa
Barbara.
DSstnur I'nadilla, Welis, 14 hours from Por:
Harfonl.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, 58 hours from Tllla
tnook: lumber, to Trucked Lumbpr Co.
Stmr Kureka, Japan, 78 hours from Newport
rni! way ports; puss and indse, 10 Goodall. Perkins
& Co.
Stnar Gipsy, Li-land. "J6 hours from Mum I.and-
Ing and way port i: urolucf. to Goodall. Perkins A
Co.
Arcata, Cousins. 84 hours from Portland,
via Coos Bay and Eureka; pass and m<tse, to O C
«fc N Co. .i^-.:;,/, EC
l'r sliip Cardiganshire, j Taylor, li days from
Sydney: 'il'lit tout coal, to J J Moore A Co.
Scar Corinthian, Zaddart. 14 hours from Point
Arena: 120 cords wood, to Bender Bros.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 3 days from Coos Bay;
lumber and laths, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Srhr Abbie, Hanson. 9 days lrom fort Bragg;
160 M It lumber, to Union Lumber Co.
t>chr Nettie Low. Low. 9 hours from Point
Keyes: 40 bis butter, to J II .\>wbauer& Co; 100
rs cream, to l'o nt Reyes Creamery Co.
Schr Nettie sundborK, Johmon, 30 hours from
Mondocino: 95 M ft lumber, to M<-n<locino Lumber
Co.
Schr Esther Buhne. Andtrson, 18 days from
Honolulu; sugar, to J D Spreckels A Brot Co.
Bailed.
SUNDAY, May 17.
Ptmr National City. Andresen, Usal.
Btmr Whitisr.oro. Johnson.
.-:mr Corona. Hall, siui Im-ea
Simr Pomona, Damn. Kureka.
btmr Waahtenaw, Crosrup, Tacoma.
Bktn J M Griffith, Arey.Port Ha.llock.
Brl(t Geneva. Piuls«»n, Unalnska.
S.hr <.<>tnma. linssom. Coos Bay.
Srhr I~-iura Pike. Johnson. Kureka.
Schx s I)ank'lsoii. Vogcl, Hiuslaw River.
schr Lena L. Wymans. ■ , ■
Telegraphic. .
'1X1 ■mbos. Mar 17—10 p. — Weatbsr
hazy, wind N\V: velocitv .10 mile*.
Domestic Ports. x
VENTURA -Arrived Mav 17—^tuir Loomls
bence May 16: stmr Newsboy, from San Diego.
Sailed May 17— stmrs Geo Loomis an:l News
boy, for ><in Francisco. •
BAN PE DUO— Arrive! May 16-Stinr Lakme,
from Tacoma: schr Louise, from Umpqua.
hailed May 17— simr Titlamook, for ban Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH — Passed May 16-=chr Lrman D Fos- !
ter. from shanghai, for Port Townsend: bktn John i
smith, from Shanghai, lor Pnget Sound: slmr
Umatllla. hence May 14. for Victoria. May 17—
Schr No'<oniis. from Tacoma. for R.dondo: stmr
City of Everett, hence May 12, for Nanaimo; Br
bark Woolhara, from Bhanxhal, for I'uget Sound.
TACOMA— Arrived May IB— Sclir Zampa. from
(•uavmas. .•»*.*' '-•:
j coos hay — Arrived May 17-Stmr Faralion.
hence May 14, via Eureka.
Sailed May 17— H.iur Ailc* Rla:ichard, for San
Francisco: schr Vega, for san Diego.
NAVAIIRO- Arrived May 17-Stmr Navarro,
hence May 16.
i.KKKNWooD-Salled May 17— Stmr Green-
wo ■!. for S:m Francisco.
BIHLKR* POINT— May 17— SchrMarv
Ktia. hence May 14; schr Five Brothers, hence
May 14.
EURKK A— Sailed May 17— Slmr Weeott, for
San Francisco.
CASPAR— Hailed May 17-Stmr Jewel, for San
Pedro.
USA L— Sailed May 17— Stmr National City, for
Kurelca.
KORTflRAGO-Salled May 17-Simr Koyo, fo
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 17-Schr Meteor,
for San Pedro. . .
REDONDO-Arrivea May 17— Schr Sailor Boy,
for Portland.
RE ATT Mi— Sailed May 18-Bark Emma F Her
ri man, for cod fishing cruise.
Arrive*] May 17— Stmr Mexico, from Ala-ska.
Movement* of Tr »nn" V i t'tt' i St-» rniiri,
DELAWARE BRKAICWATKR- Passed May
17— Stmr WwRland. from Philadelphia, for Liver
pool.
NKW YORK— Arrived Mav 17— Stmr La Nor
mamtle. from Havre; stmr Tnonr.lna. from Ham
burg; stmr Pnissla. from Hamburg.
HAVRE— Arrived out May 17— Stmr La Bour
gotcne.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 17— Stmr Umbria,
for New York.
HOUTHAMPTOX-?atl»<tMay 17-Stmr Alter,
for New York.
I ALTAR- Passed May 16— Stmr Fulda, fin
(Jcnna. for New York.
LIZARD— Pained May 17— Stmr Scandla, from
New York, for Hamburg. ,
TORY IS LAND- Passed May 17— Stmr Ethio
pia, from Glasgow, for New York. ■
Importation*.
BLANCO- Per Glpey— U os <>trgs.
Hanta Cruz— 5 en cheese, 000 . bbls lime. 47 iks
spools.
Hoquel— 1 forge, 1 chest tools, 1 wrench, 1 pkg
md«ie.
Pigeon Point— 85 c* cheese.
Amesport— 123 ska barley, 67 sks beans, 6 bxs
chi' ■%••. 0 bxs butter.
NTS W PORT -Per Kureka— 57 bxs oranpes.
Kast San Pedro— 75 cs canned fish, 6 bbls s»U
fish, 7 sks condensed vogetabl05.
.San i'edro— 25 bis oranges, 3 bxs lemons, 5 bxs
salted fur*.
Ventu-ft-26 sks seaweed. 1 roil copper. )0 pkss
1 cs hardware, 3 en esses. '.! bx* butter, 1 os oorsi't*,
«9 bxs lemons. "2 sks meat, 30 sks abalone shells.
10 bxs oranges.
Uavlota— 4 bxs butter. '
Port Harforil — 1 bx hooks. 14 eijes, 2 pkgs
tndse, »7 bxs butter, 3 bills hides, V'BO sks wheat, 'i
bxs fish. , i . .
Cayucos— 30 hbls 1 tub 88 bxs buttor, 6 cs egg*,' 3
dressed calves. '
San Simeon— -J tubs LL bbl 64 bxs baiter, 1 hx
CH.stl.nss. 1 cs *>«*«. 1 Ml forks. :
Monterey— 114 Mil hides and pelts, 6 nks beans.
Coimisrnen*.
l'er Glpsv— Dairymen's Union: O B Smith A Co;
Norton. Teller .t Co; Wljenton, Broon & Co; Atlas
Iron Works: I; It Stevens * Co; H Cowell & Co;
HI>utarJ; Martin. usier Co: San Francisco
brew«rle«: Brichani, Hopped Co; Herman .looat;
Hammond A Bron ; Kntprprlse Brewery; iiarter.
Hayes & Co; UenaaaUFmil Co: Mau. Sart:er &
Co: Buffalo Brewery: Hares <fe Co: O'Neill Bros
& Calla«han. -aSfieg»*s<«H8i)*«MsM^J^^C«^»MK
Per KureSa-Grnv A B»rl>ieri: O B Smith & Co:
BriCham.Hoppe & Co: CO JVnnell A Co: Charle*
l»-?« n: If Liobi-s A Co; l>vi Si'l^eel * Co: !>-<v!s
1'arklne Co: Sehw eitzer A- Co;- Gurcla A MaKKinl;
Holbrook, Merrill A-Stotson: Wood, Curtis &Co; II
!- ■iTiiciFi A Co; Wbeaton, Hrcun •& Co: Stamlar!
I- mil Co: CA Parkin; Getz J>ros-i Co: . A Levy;
Amer Acid A Gbr co: I Dodi;c, Sweeney * Co;
J Ivaacovlch &<;o: «J O Whcfl»r: K Cavanangh:
rtaker it Hamilton: Pbiltiiit-lpliin. Brewery; Chicago
Brewery: Marshall, Teifgart A Co; Wiuel & linker;
Norton. Teller di Co; W C Trice J: Co: K Uri * Co;
H N Tilden Hills Bros; Western Meat Co: s
•Strauss; Will A J'lnck: C K Whitney it Co; W
Menk^: Hllmer. Ilredhoff A Scaulz: Hawley Bros;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Btaalncer * Co: A . Wywi
Mejrerfleld, Mitchell A Co; American Union Kish
Co: Southern I'aclflc Milling Co:' Standard Oil Co:
Smith's Cash Store; [>■ Bernard! & Co; J tie Costa:
Wleland Brewing Co: Kowalsky <V Co. ■- ; > .Unusual Activity Among
the Democrats of Ala
meda County.
HENSHAW FAVORS FRICK
Great Expectations From the
Davis • Friend Organiza
tion Tuesday.
NEED OF MUNICIPAL PRIDE.
Sme of Mountain View's Beauty
Should Have Been Placed in
Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
DOS Broadway, May 17. j
The activity displayed by the Democrats
of this county laat night is a powerful
arcuraent in favor of harmony in the Re
publican ranks. The little courtroom on
Eighth street, wbich has always been able
to accommodate the Democratic County
Committee, was altogether too small last
night to hold committeemen and proxies
and it was necessary to adjourn to Ger
mania Hall. It was thought by many
who have systematically underrated the
Democratic party in Alameda County till
they believed their own estimates that
the meeting would be very chilly. Instead
it was one of the warmest lield since the
last county convention. Committeemen
came in from all over the county and
prominent Democrats mustered in force,
and it does not need a prophet to foretell
what the result would be in the event of a
hopeless split in the Republican ranks.
Fortunately such a crisis seems in a fair
way to be averted. In fact, according to
the leaders of both factions, next Tuesday
night's meeting will turn the tide of Re
publicanism from doubt to certain success.
The interview with Hon. William R. Davis,
published in to-day's Call, was a surprise
to the rank and file of the part}- and its
sentiment was hailed with general satis
faction.
Whether it means an increase of
strength for Judge Frick in his Congres
sional fight is not known, but a story is
being told, and with authority, thatthe
friends of Supreme Judge F. W. Hensbaw
are energetically working for Frick.
During the last State campaign Congress
man Hilborn made a speech in the north
ern part of the county in whicn he re
ferred in very complimentary language to
every candidate on the ticket with the ex
ception of Judge Hensbaw. This was
rioted and commented upon at the time
and it has rankled ever since. Now the
opportunity seems to have come to return
the compliment, and it is i.ot being dis
carded. The coming meeting of the
Davis-Friend- Pardee organization will
have a direct bearing on the Congres
sional fight, though no programme has yet
been formulated regarding the terms of
the compromise between the two factions.
The project to place a piece of statuary
in each of Oakland'8 parks should be en
couraged, but with tbat indifference chron
ically manifested toward all such efforts
by those who have the means ft is not
likely that the proposed statues will soon
make their appearance. The rapid life
and death of all schemes relating to what
might bf. termed general improvements
Las long ago become monotonous. Mil
lionaires have made wills and died and
Lave provided for colossal mausoleums at
Mountain View, but not one has done as
much as Dr. Cogswell of iron fountain
fame. It seems a strange remark, but it
is nevertheless true, that the most beauti
ful place in this county is Mountain
View Cemetery. In the city, or within a
mile of it, there is not a single vestige
of evidence tending to snow that
there was ever a public - spirited
man in Oakland. Were one-bun
dredth part of the artistic effects of
the cemetery distributed over the city it
•would be the prettiest place on the coast.
There is not a public museum, nothing
can be found in the parks but grass and a
few trees begged of past Mayors ; the only
place where a large meeting or exhibition
can be held is at the big barn, formerly
the Tabernacle, and no one who places
any value whatever on his horse would
have him domiciled in it for an hour.
The new scheme is to erect in each
park a statue of the great man
■whose name it bears— Franklin, Jeffer
son, Lafayette, Lincoln. There are many
tombs on the bill, half of the cost of
which would carry out the whole
plan, and although the dead cannot
rededicate their money this is no reason
■why the living should not profit by their
ancestors' mistakes.
It is a great mistake to suppose that the
newB of a county is of no value outside
ihe territory to which it relates. If the
commercial and political news of any dis
trict is not disseminated wherever a
great newspaper goes it is but one-half
as useful and valuable as it might
be. A merchant of Ban Francisco who
resides in Oakland recently procured
a copy of the Examiner in San Francisco
to look for something relating to Oakland.
To his surprise not a word could he find
and on inquiry he discovered that the
Oakland news of that paper was only
printed in those papers that circulate in
Alameda County. It Is taken out of the
preat mass ut papers that circulate in San
Francisco and elsewhere. This would
-ff-in to be rather a slight to Alameda
County, whose residents desire that their
commercial standing and general welfare
shall be heralded before as many people as
The Children's Home at Temescal is in
need of substantial help. All the years it
lias been in existence it has always been
conducted in a manner that commanded
public respect and sympathy. The ladies
who have given their time and efforts to
maintaining and sustaining it now find
themselves with a difficulty facing them.
Owing to competition a company whose
shares of stock have hitherto paid a hand-
Fome monthly interest has not produced
any dividends for eome time. This has
crippled the financial condition of the
home and the outlook for the coming year
is anything but bright. There are over 100
Jit le" ones in the home and there is an
opportunity for a display of charity
toward the "least of lhese" that cannot
help but bring its own reward.
S. W. B.
OAKLAND, Cal., May *7.— Charles
Jirown reported to the police to-aigbt that
he bad been held up eany this evening on
the San Leandro road between the Three
mile House and High street by four men.
He says that he was relieved of a check
for $100 payable to himself and $50 in cash.
He was handled very roughly bv the rob
bers. '
Active Work Being: Done In Local
Pythian Circles.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 17. —Oakland
Lodge No. 103 at its convention of May 8
conferred the amplified Knight rank on
Esquire Bennet and received two applica
tions for membership, and at its last ses
sion received one more application and
acted upon the two formerly received.
Piedmont No. 172 on last" Monday night
received one application by card, which
was filed and referred to a committee of
investigation.
The degree team which sprung into ex
istence in Live Oak No. 17 a few weeks ago
is rapidly approaching perfection. Much
credit is due to its manager, P. C.Sloan,
for the proficiency of its drills.
After the close of Oakland Lodge last
Friday |night, Alameda Council No. 1, Or
der of the Grand Orient, went into session
and conferred this impressive degree on
many pilgrims and received several appli
cations.
Calenthe Temple No. 6, Rathbone Sis
ters, at its session of May 7 received one
application by card, aad one reinstate
ment and initiated one applicant. On last
Tuesday ni^bt the temple received an offi
cial visit from the prand chief, Sister
Weldon. On Wednesday niRbt, May 20,
a; Tythian Castie, 1- Franklin street, the
temple will give an exemplification of its
decree work, to which all members of the
Order of Knights of i'y thias are cordially
invited.
\n Interesting Meeting to Be Held at
the A. Bl. K. Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 17.— There will
be a mass-meeting next Tuesday evening,
May 19, at Bethel A. M. E. Church, Pow
ell street, between Jackson and Pacific,
San Francisco, under the auspices of the
Old People's Home Association, which is
composed entirely of colored ladies, who
are striving to build a home for the aged
and infirm of their race. The cause is a
worthy one, and the meeting should be an
overflow. The ladies have, by untiring
persistency, succeeded in accumulating al
most money enough to erect on their
Beulah site, which was donated by Mr.
Montgomery.the Salvation ph ilanthropi&t,
the much-needed building.
The meeting will be addressed by Mrs.
Dr. KelloKg Lane of San Franci s co and
Mrs. Alice V. Stockerol Oakland. Thomas
Pearson, "The Mascot," will, with bis
usual fervor of earnestness, give a full de
tail of tue workings of the association
since its inception; also the amount of
money collected and expended. All are
cordially invited to attend.
Night Trowlers Make a Profitless Raid
on an Oakland Residence.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 17.— The resi
dence of Samuel Hibbard, 118 Thirteenth
street, was entered last night bv burglars,
who secured but little booty. A gold
watch and few other articles were trfken.
Most of the jewelry, etc., was locked up in
a safe, which was not tampered with.
Mr. and Mrs. Hubbard are out of the city
at present and the house is in charge of
the boys, who returned at 11 p. m. and
found the house had been burglarized.
The thieves effected an entrance by forcing
a back door.
Production of Shakespeare's Im
mortal Comedy, "As You
Like It"
Testimonial Concert to Theo Vogt
Forty Hours' Devotion at St.
Joseph's Church.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 17.— Sutro's gar
dened heights and Palo Alto's vine-clad
walls are not in future to be considered
immeasurably superior to Alanieda's
stately homes and flowered parterres. '
Alameda is flattered, for in the garden of
Captain R. R. Thomson, on High street,
will be given, on Friday, May 29, Shakes
peare's immortal comedy, "As You Like
It." for the benefit of the Alameda
Women's Relief Society.
Taken ah in all, the surroundings will be
more in consonance with the atmosphere '•
of the play. Rosalind will be personated :
bv Miss Georgie Elliot, who filled this role
when the comedy was presented twice be
fore in the open air; and as most of the
cast have appeared previously in the play,
a highly successful production may be pre
dicted.
The whole will be produced under the
direction of Mrs. Julia Melville-Snyder.
The characters will be taken as follows:
Duke Seuior Georpe Murdock
Duke Frederick Dr. J. J. Medros
Jflques Fred Maurer
Le Beau Louis Butler
Oliver. Mr. Phillips
Orlando A. P, Leach
Charles the Wrestler Al Lean
Adam I. r. Allen
Touchstone Philip Di bert
Corin Louis Butler
Sylvius Mr. MeManus
Rosalind Minis Georgie Elliot
Celia Mis* M inn it* Terry
Phoebe Mr*. Phoebe Maurer
Audrey Miss Maud Kuisell
Municipal League,
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 17.— execu
tive committee of the Municipal League
met at the residence of Mr. G. W. Plum
mer on Friday night and decided to print
in leaflet form, with other matter, for dis
tribution to every voter in the city the
plea published in The Call of May 15. To
meet the expenses of printing and the cost
of Expert Naylor's report each committee
man subscribed $5 there and then, and
other donations wiil be made by members
of the league. '
Testimonial Concurt.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 17.— The pro
gramme for the testimonial concert to
Theodore Vop;t at Armory Hall next
Wedntsday evening is as follows:
"Marche des Escrlmeurs" Q. Mazy
Orchestra.
Ode to the Moon Seymour Smith
Ladies' Choral.
(a) I'arsucaile l* Qreeh
(6) Alia Folaccs l.udwlg von Beethoven
Orchestra.
Violin solo— Romanza Th. Vogt
John Marquardt,
"Bock-a-Bye" Neidllnger
I n.i.i-i 1 i.'horsl.
Harp solo. "Chimes of Sydney" J. Marquardt
Mrs. John Marquardt.
Valse, "Tales of the Vienna Woods '
Johanu StraaM
Orchestra.
Barytone solo, "Where'er You Walk" Handel
Donald de V. Graham.
Serenade Th.Vogt
Philomela Quartet.
Violin solo, "Faust." fantasie P. Saraaate
John Marquardt.
"Marche Triotnphale" Th. Vogt
Orchestra.
"The J'ragon Flies" Oraben Hoffman
Ladiea' Choral.
H. J. Stewart, orpanitt of Trinity Church,
San Francisco, will act as accompanist.
Forty Hours' Devotion.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 17. — At £t.
Joseph's Church to-day was commenced
the forty hours' devotion in honor of the
blessed sacrament. Solemn high mass
was celebrated at 10:30 a.m., preceded by
a procession. In the evening solemn
vespers were celebrated and a sermon
preaclied by Rev. J. F. Byrne of St.
Mary's Cathedral. To-morrow there will
be high mass at 9 a. m. and in the evening
a sermon by Rev. J. 1'uilen of St. Kose
Church, San Francisco. The devotions
will close with high mass on Tuesday
morning.
Ready for the Descent of
the Y. M. I. (fraud
Delegates.
WILL LAST ONE WEEK.
Business Sessions Will Alter
nate With Grand Parades
and Balls.
LECTURES BY FATHER YORKE.
The Week's Proceedings to Commence
With a Grand High Mass at
the Pretty Church.
HAYWARDS, Cal., May 17.-Not a
single bare telegraph pole, nor an un
adorned flagstaff, nor a sidewalk over
grown with weeds, nor a yard of un-
sprinkled streets can be found in the town
to-day, nor will any such be found during
the whole ol next week.
Haywards bas declared a general holi
day for several days in honor of the
numerous delegates to tne Grand Council.
Y. M. I., which will convene here on Mon
day. The Btreets are j.ay with bunting
and flags, the stores are decorated and
flagstaffs are bending from the breeze as
they bold out the National colors. In the
center of the town is the arch of welcome,
a pretty structure covered with floral and
patriotic decorations.
Everywhere is life. The children are
looking forward to the event with that
expectancy that renders them too excita
ble to be any longer obedient, and their
elders are anxious that the town shall be
seen to the very best advantage. All are
buny, and the sound of hammers aa the
tinal touches are given to decorations can
be heard all over the land. The young
ladies will attack the church to-morrow
evening and will uee flowers and ferns in
such an artistic fashion that the house of
God will look as it never looked before.
The arcb is between Main and Castro
on B street, and will be the first thing to
catch the eye of the visitors as they alight
from the electric-cars. At night it will be
brilliantly lighted with electricity and will
be the prettiest feature of the decorations.
The official programme was published
to-day, and the week's business and fes
tivities are finally fixed. They are as fol
lows:
Monday— General reception on arrival
of delegates to the Twelfth Grand Council
Y. M. I. headquarter?, secretary's olhce in
the Villa Hotel. All delegates will be
met on the arrival of each train by the
reception committee and assigned to iheir
rooms.
There will be a grand open-air concert
ir the evening at 8 o'clock sharp on the
veranda of the Villa Hotel on Castro
street by the Oakland concert band of six.
teen pieces.
Tuesday, 9 a. m.— Delegates and mem
bers of Golden State Council, Y.
M. I. No. 115, will assemble at N. S. G. W.
Hall and form in line and march to All
Saints Church, where high mass will be
celebrated and a sermon delivered by Rev.
P. C. Yorke. The choir will bo composed
of the Valerga family and the music will
be furnished by an orchestra of sixteen
pieces. Admission to the church by ticket
only. After services at the church the
delegates and members of the institute
will again form into line and march to
N. S. G. W. Hall, where they will be dis
missed. 2 p. M.~Cal!ing the session of
the Twelfth Grand Council to order in
N. S. G. W. Hall oy Grand President .7.
Lynch. 9 p. m.— Grand ball tendered to
the delegates by the members of Golden
State Council No. 115, at N. 8. G. W. Hall.
Those wishing invitations con procure
them from any of the members of the
local council.
Wednesday— 9 a. M., session of Grand
Council and adjourn at 10:30 a. m. ; 11 a. m.,
grand parade of social and civic societies;
2 p. m., exhibition drill by Company C,
League of Cross Cadets, on B street, be
tween Castro and Main; 3 p. m., dance at
ST. S. G. W. Hall (free to all); 8:30 p. m.
high jinks at N. S. G. W. Hall (admission
by ticket).
Thursday— 9 A. M., session of Grand
Council; 2 p. m., open-air concert by Oak
land Concert Band of sixteen pieces on
band stand, B street, near corner Main;
9:30 r. m., banquet tendered to delegates
at Villa Hall (admission by ticket only).
Friday— 10 a. m., session of Grand Coun
cil ; 2 p.m., open-air concert at band stand,
Thirteenth street, near Market; 8 p. m..
lecture at N. S. G. W. Hall by Rev. P. C.
Yorke.
Saturday— 10 a. m.. sesion of Grand
Council; adjournment.
There will be over 200 delegates from all
parts of the State and in addition there
will be hundreds of friends, but Haywards
| has made preparations.
The committee on reception have made
arrangements with the electric road com
! pany to run extra cars whenever needed.
There will probably be thousands of peo
ple present to witness the grand parade,
which will be a very imposing cageant.
On the night of the grand ball, Tuesday,
there will be special late cars. The follow
ing hint taaB been issued for the conven
ience of delegates and their friends:
'Take the cars of the Oakland, San Lenn
; dro and Haywards electric railway, which
j leave Seventh ami Washington street",
! Oakland, on rvery half hour and hourdur
! ing the day, returning from Hay wards »t
'■ ten minutes past every hour and half
[ hour during the day, and at ten minutes
, past every nour during the evening."
A Throng; Attended the Services and
Kinal Interment of the I'ioneer.
The funeral of the late David Merton
Reavis, the t.ioncer of Butte county, who
died a few days ago, took place yesterday
from the Masonic Temple, Post and Mont
gomery streets.
The services were under the auspices of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M.,
and were very simple and appropriate.
There was a large attendance. The in
terment was at the Masonic Cemetery.
Mr. Reavis was the owner of the noted
Reavis ranch in Butte county. He was a
native of Missouri and was a little over 65
years oM. He wbb the husband of Anna
E. Reavis, and t e father of James J..
William A. and David If. Reavis Jr., and
Mr?. F. D. Holt. He Jived very many
years in California and had a wide circle
of friends. The funeral took place at 1:30
o'clock.
The Pacifies Beat the Champions
and Get Into First
Place.
The Fielding on Both Sides Was the
Feature of the Con
test.
Local cricketdom was enthused, for the
first time this season, over the cup contest
between the Alameda and Pacific clubs,
j played at the Alameda ground yesterday.
' Contiary to general expectation the match
resulted in a comparatively easy victory
for the Pacifies by 67 runs.
Captain Ilogueof the Alamedas winning
the toss sent his opponents in. From the
very start the men of scarlet and black
! played a strong offensive and defensive
; came. Mutch, who opened the ball with
, Myers, put up a quarter of a century in
ereat form, and his lead was nearly fol
lowed oy Pocock, Wiseman, Harbour,
George Theobald «nd Severs, the team
netting in all the very respectable total of
! 140 runs.
HoRue and Gardner initiated the batting
for Alameda. The former carried his bat
for a well played 37, the latter compiling
22 before falling to a well-timed catch by
( Tiedemann. > T o ono else made any stand,
! and the champion team — less one member,
j who, in a fit of childis » pique chose to ab-
I sent himself— were disposed of for 73 runs,
j leaving the Pacifies victors and in the lead
■ for first place.
The feature of the same was undoubt
edly the superb fleidin^ on both sides,
Tiedemann's catches of Gardner and Bird
in the deep field were simply magnificent,
and Hood's catch of Harbour was a gall
ing one. The pftme was witnessed by quite
a big crowd of spectators. The score:
PACincs.
K. A. Mutch c. and b. Word Jr 25
John Myers b. Ward Jr 3
H. C. Caaldy c. Hogue b. Wart Jr 0
O. Thcoba <l b. Ward Jr 15
U. WiscmuD 1). Wnrd Jr 4j«4
K. D. Severs c Hood b. Gardner 14
O. B. \Vis»»un out 1
H. K. I'ocook c. »nd b. Peel 23
J. U. liarbonr c. JIooii l>. Peel ig
T. J. A. Tiedemann c. Peel b. Drlffleld 7
tt. J. Hufferdlneno: oat 3
Kxtrae 11
Total 140
Bowliog analysis !
Balls. Bans. Maidens. Wickets.
WardJr 184 512 7 6
Drlffleld 48 18 3 1
Peel 8* 25 5 a
Hogue 11 0 0
AUMSDA8.
n. B. Hocue not out 37
Cecil Gardner c. Tiedomann b. Casaidy 32
J. J. Morlarty (ab«ent) 0
H. Ward Jr. l>. i'asidy 0
K. Hood D. C'aaldy 5
H. Blrdc. Tlwlemonn b. Caaidy 2
J. J. H. Peel b. Ca-aldr 1
H. C'ronin c. Wiseb. Caaidy y
C Bnure a Casidy b. Hufferdlne 0
V. C. Driffleld b. Hufferdlne 0
O. l.:imb 1>. Caaidy 1
Extras 8
Total 73
Howling analysis:
Bails. Buns. Maidens. Wickets.
Casidy 90 H4 2 7
Hufferdine ;....4H 19 0 2
Beren W 13 2 0
Pococlc 18 5 1 0
•— « — • _
In 1793 Dr. Tborton of Philadelphia
published sn essay on "Methods of Teach
ing the Deaf and Dumb."
Two Members of a Pleasure
Party Lost Near Ala
meda Point.
Four Sailors Meet Disaster on Their
Return From the Yacht
Races.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
&08 Broadway, May 17. 1
S. H. ron Schmidt, cousin of Captain
von Schmidt, William Naujok, R. P. Mor
rison and a Swedish sailor went sailing in
a yawl belongine to Captain von Schmidt
this morning, intending to go to the Cali
fornia Yacht Club races. At about 5
o'clock the men started down the creek
homeward bound, and when near the old
mold at Alameda Point the boat capsized.
William Naujok swam to the Alameda
shore and R. P. Morrison of San Francisco
clung to the mast and was picked up by
the ferry-boat Alameda. The other two
men are* supposed to have been drowned.
Naujok and Morrison both say that they
saw the men go down, and since they
have not been seen or heard from it is
feared that the men are dead.
When Captain von Schmidt waB seen by
a Call reporter to-night he said: "I do
not know whether or not the meu are
lost, but am loth to believe that my cousin
is drowned, for he is an expert swimmer
and boatman, and to think that Naujok,
who can barely keen afloat, reached shore
safely makes me think all the more that
Sam is safe; but then he lives on the
dredger, and since he has not returned yet
ur sent me word, I am in doubt as to
whether he is really drowned.
"It has been suggested to me that the
men had a little refreshment in bottles on
board, but my cousin is not a heavy
drinker."
Members of the Islam Temple Are Ar
ranging for an Excursion There*
The members of Islam Temple Nobles
of the Mystic Shrine are arranging an ex
cursion .o Alaska for their families for
July, and already have over fifty booked.
They leave here on July 3 by rail to Ta
coma, and from Tacoma they take fie
steamer Queen, visiting Wrangel, Juneau,
Glazier B&y, Sitka and other points of in
terest, to De gone about three weeks.
The committee having the affair in
charge consists of Courtland S. Benedict,
Jacob Z. Davis and Victor D. Duboce.
They have encaged nearly oil the upper
deck and part of the salon deck, and will,
figuratively speaking, have possession of
the steamer. Arrangements are being
made to take a string band and have a
series of entertainments en route, as well as
study the pleasures of their party in many
other ways.
The attempted suicide of Mrs. Sophie Swan
son at Bay View on Saturday has brought
forth the sad history of a destitute family.
Mrs. Swanion hud not been deserted by her
husband, as was stated, but on the contrary,
the poor man has been trying In vain to find
employment by which he could contribute to
To-Dqv's Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In race* where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m.. mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a bait furlongs; selling; three-year-olds: non-winners of two races in
1896.
Best I : : ; : |
Index. ■ Name. Lbs record. I Vim. Lbs Tk. I Owner. Pedigree. ; ;.f."
1186 Clara Johnson.. 1:07*4 ! 5f 99 H.. M. Johnson Kl Rio Key-Valerie
1192 Virgie A 100 1:01% St 94 1 F... B. Ward Ip. True Brlton-Bljr Bertha
119-' Chevlo.... 102 j j C. I. Thacker Sid-Sacramento Belle
1199 Cadenza 105 no I .... ! Pueblo stable Flambeau-Irish Lass
1066 Veva 100 1:02% 5f 108 V... Davenport stable... Imp. Greenback-Lily W
1164 Bis: Chief 107 1:09 6i/ 3 f 94 F... Niagara stable \ Apache- Horn
1140 Sylvia. 100 | F. Trowu Imp. Wafrmr-Fabecla
1192 Ilajah 107 norec C. K. Clawson Hindoo-Fair Lady
1179 'Maaoero 107 no rec O. l'acheco Peel-Ursula
1191 SIs.toLoteryfllly 105 no ret ; M. Kerr Ip.TrrdeWind-S!sterLot«ry
1192 .Marionette , l''O 1:14%. 6f 101 F... Ingleslde stable Imp. Mariner- liaranette
1092 Veragna 102 :56 i 4% f 108 F... Avenue stable...... Sinfax-Parlisana
SECOND RACE— 61.x furlongs: gelling; non-winners since .November 7, 1895.
— -
( | Be«t
Index. I Name. Lbs record. Din. Lot Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1188 Bwiftsure : 109 1:081,4 5% f 98 P.. A. H. Fmall Coloma-Laura D
1189 .Rose C 105 i no rec O. Pacheco. rmji. ChestorrJela-D. Maid
1186 America 100 D. J. Tobln Red Iron- ualry Maid
918 Quarterstaff 112 C. I. Merchant I Friar Tuck-Sister R. Ryan
1198 Flashlight 118 1:41 |lm 88 P.. Hope Olenstk fm... isnrlnam-1 aura Winston
1114 iPolaski. 109 ! Owen Bros Capt. Al-Gold Cup
1197 Warrago 107 1 1:40% ! 1 m 101 F.. Garden City Stable. i Warwick-
1189 Grades 107 1:08 6% f 104 F.. Musto & Kuyz Prince Norfolk-GUror Belle
730 Moss Terry 109 1:09% 5% f 126 P.. J. Blue Powbattan-Znma
1187 Svencali 107;l:14Vi *6 f 107 Fa. J. O. Bay ley Verano-Kxperiment
1181 Bert 109 J. L. Crooks Asterllx-Hannah K
1191 'Rocket 109 norec E. Kaufman (Cyclone-Negress
1191 *ymp. J-aat. 109 , Austin A Co I Fair Play-Sympathetic
1189 LonnleB. 107 ! F. F. Maley Imp. l.on<1on-Lm>lla
1187 Chinook 107 I William Dixon j Imp Blackbird II-Charlty
1187 Wanford 109 J. H. Crow 'Gen Kim-Miss Hayden
1194 .Carroll Cook.... 1107 no reel E. O. Griffin i Ed Corngan-ldalene Cotton
THIRD RACE— mile; selling: non-winners since October 1 ,1895.
— _ . ______
_ l s«st | j i
Index. Name. Lbs ' record. | Dist. Lbs Tk. | Owner. Pedigree.
1177 i All Smoke 108 | L. Stephens Imp. Silk Gown-Ordnance
1199 Jeromes 114 I : P. Weber Joe Danlels-Sweetbrier
1187 Rotation... 107 1:10 6% * 94 P.; W. EarD Surinam-Mistletoe
1096 Bellrlnger. Ill Cliff stable Troubador-Bosque Belle
800 Pecksniff 114 J. M. Buckley Imp. Mr.Pickwlck-Henlopn
1177 Jens 114 ....: W. C. Ewell Argyle-Glenleclc
1189 TamalpaU Ill 1:10 Of 104 P.. Mr*. Anderson Joe Hooker-Una
1187 RapiUo..... 107 no rec ! R. Kaufman Cyclone-
1179 Verdette 110 no rec j. J. J. Murphy VIcl-Lucy Long
11HJ» Catalogue 107 U. W. Tryon Gano-Josle C
1176 Hello. 110 p. P. Johnson aid-by Reveille
1179 Capt.- Spencer.. Ill P. O. Lynch Bramble-Daisy Hoey
1140 Jennie W ...109 1:15 6f 107 F .. C. P. Sanders Bonnie Ban-Keliclte
1189 Arno. 107 1:0214 of 101 P.. Murphy <£ Butler.. Cyclone-Wanza
1187 Miss Garvln.... 105 ■ 1:42*4 1 » 86, P.. S. P. Cappa... Fellowohrm-Sallie Hampta
1186 Garcia... * Ill i H.Elliott ; Wlldldle-NlghthawK
1179 ! Soda Cracker... Ill norec | |.... ! La Siesta stk farm.. Prnce Norfolk- by Joe Hookr
FOURTH RACK— Seven furloncss selling. '
— — . , Best - [ '■ ! -
Index. Name. Lbs Record Slat. Lbs Tk. ' Owner. Pedigree.
1193 WalterJ 104l:30Vi7t 110 H.. F. McDermott...... Imp. Tree Briton-LIMe 8
1195 Starling 1011:29 |7f 98 F.. T. Flynn.., Day Star-Laraminta
(1201) Rulnart I 107 1:0814 6% f 105 F..IG. Rose St. Carlo-Queen Alta
(1190) Peru 104 1:32% 7f 106 P.. Al Morine.... Oano-Carmellt*
1201 Governor Budd. i 95,1:16 Of 98 P.. Woodlawn stable.. Fresno-Kosa G
1190 Miss Ruth 102 1:42% lm 94 P.. A. It Martin Sobraote-Ruth
1173 i May Day, 106 1:41% 1 m 104 A. P. Miller John A-Lowena R
(1183) Red OleD 109 1:29 7f 110 F.. i Cambridge stable.. Glen Elm-Red Girl
1196 Oregon Eclipse 103 1:18% 8 f 113 P.. J. Bobbins Joe Hooker-Luln Klgsts
1193 Morven , 103 1:151,4 6f 128 \ F.. | White * Clarke... ■■ | Imp. Cheviot-
FIFTH RACE-SIx furlongs: selling. , ,
___ - I ___ , . . j i j j .. . "
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst . Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedlgreo. .•-' f. - : ..\-
(1170) Miller 107 1:181,4 ; 6f 116 F... W. I* Stanfleld Loftin-Emma "
1198 Yankee Doodle. 100 1:14V» 6f 1071 V... Cambridge stable.. I Prince Royal- Manzanita
1172 | All Over i 110 l:29V£:7f 110 F... S.C. Hildreth...... illanover- Deceit
1199 Howard......... I 97 1:281^ 7 f 103 P... R. E. Dolan ! Tyrant-May ette
1201 Perhaps.. 97 1:16% 6f 112 II.. Alma Dale stable .. Kosciusko-May Vlley
.1147 Major Cook..... 97 1:13 lit 104 P... ! Livingston stable., i Bulwark-sister to Violet
1180 Toano 107 1:14% 6f 106 F... Wm. hloombaugb . Longfellow-Sol ara
1175 ! Chartreuse I!... 88 l:U7i^7f • 101 P... J. C. Humphrey Imp. Cheviot-Imp. Zara
(1195) Rlcardo.... .... 97 1:16V*;oi 105 j H. . 3. F. Capps.. i Wild idle- Blue Bonnet
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling; non-winners since November 27, 1895.
_ _ _ I B<-st ] : i j j : : ~ ;
Index.' ' Name. Lbs] record. Dlst. - iLbs,Tk.| Owner. Pedigree.
1101 Reno ( 118 1:08 I 0% t 101 ! F. . ! P. Weber ..: Jumboo- Sooner
1189 Zobalr........... 114 .:.. ! j J. c. Humphrey... St. Savlour-Niehtbawk
1186 Mt. Air 109 1:12 »8 f I 98 F. . W. B. Dodd i Imp. Brutus-Young Jute
1176 Sleeping Child.. 107 1:14 *6 f 100 F. . < W. D. Randall Ip.Chldof M«-Krii.OoBrgh
1194 |JoeCotton Ill 1:0834 BW, f 109 P.. Berkeley stable. ... Winters-Cotton Nose
662 lEmpra Norfolk. 107 1:08 51^ f 107 F. . G. Rose Emp'r Norfolk-Savannah
........ Daisy A.. 107 — .... jR. Stipe. ........... Little Alp-Kittle Dean
879 I Miss Gentry.... 109 1:08 B^a * 106 P.. W. L. Stan field.... ! Chesapeake-sunshine
1134 Leouvllle 109 1:42% 1 m 107 P. .! Archbld&Lo ttrdge l-<*onatas-Villette
893 Oakley... 114 1:41% 1 m 98 F. . F. Phillips... ..... Sir Dixon-Mlss Annl«
1187 Louise : 107 William BIhler... Three Cheers- Belle of Lake
.:...... W...... 109 ........ ..-.. ... .... .... J.Weils............ Imp. Chevlot-MUtletoe
978 UncIeSam 110 ........ C. H. Lead better.. Light foot-by Dashaway
1186 Yreka. 107 1:01% 6 I 98 P. J William Stewart.. Flood-Imp Bridget
1191 i Lucky D 1107......... ........ ;••• ••-. IE. J. Appleby Prince Norfolk-KittleLamb
1190 Navy Blue...... 107 1:14% 61 102 P. . J. Rogers .......... Blue Wing-Bay Betty
1187 Rode«ap:.. 107 ....... •;••;••• •••• •••• ]J. M. Buckley..... IHrrv O'fallonMttie Wlker
1187 IVernon ....107 1:09 6%f 91 P. . E. Hinkleman Powhattan-Verna
........ Durango 109 1:01*4 at 104 F. . B. F. Hobart ...... | Duke Norfolk-May D
1099 Little Tough.... 109 1:08% 6% t 101 P. . A. W. Lindsey Glea Elm-Unknown
1188 Bravura 1105, .... .... Puebla stable....;. Wlldidle-Why Not
1197 San Luis Bey... 109 1:42 1 m lyl P.. el easanton stable. Epr. Nrfolk-MlIleMcC'aLst
268 i Bob Tucker 107 1:02 Sf 105 P. . J. J. Stern Bob Miles-Sonora
North........... 109 .... .... 1 Davenport stable.. Prince Norfolk-by Lelnster
■ SEVENTH BACK— Five and a naif furlongs; selling;; three-year-olds; non-winners of. two races
In 1896. • . . "
■ ■ • | Best i i • j
Index. ; Name. Lbs record. DIsu Lhs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
1105 Jim Bozeman.. 102 ........ ........ .... .... Mrs. E. starkey.... Major Ban-Bessie
1193 Easel............ 105 1:17 6f 99 II. .' Woodlawn stable.. 'Ben All-Kzza
1029 MoDtallaUe 110 1:3214 7f 107 11.. 'Livingston stable.. Montana-Fusillade's Last
1164 Encino. ....;.... 110 1:171,4 6 f 96 Fa. iincino stable Imp. B utus-May D
(1149) Montgomery. .. 107 1:17% 6 f 102 F... Burns&Waterhouse Hanover-Blessing
1100 Road Warmer.. 107 l:01i/a Bf 108 P... B. Ed sail Frank Khoades-Belle
1192 Perseus...... ... 107 1:86 |7f 96 H.. Cambridge stable.. Imp. KlngGallop-Nanka '
1192 Imp. Endymlon 102 :55»i 4% f lOOiF... P. L. Harris.. ...... Enierprise-Sapientla
824 Duchess 1 105 1:01% 5f 91 F... J.C.Humphrey.... Ed Corrigao-Cbarlotte
1171 Tonlno. 107 1:09% 5% f 86 F . Alma Dale stable.. J. H. Feriton-Li7.7.1e B ' "
1140 Card well........ 106 1:00% 51 110 F...W. Earp...... ...... Rathbone-Victoria
910
Auction Sale To- Morrow of the
Gas Company's Prop
erty.
MUCH INTEREST MANIFESTED.
A Light Week's Business Reported by
Dealers — Review of the
Records.
Within the next two weeks two different auc
tion sties will be held whicti will serve to
demonstrate whether there is any special de
mand for properties that are considered es
pecially desirable for manufacturing or simi
lar industrial enterprises. The first of these
sales will take place to-morrow and will be
conducted by Easton, Eldridge <fc Co., at their
salesroom, 638 Market street. The property
to be- offered is owned by the San Francisco
Gaslight Company, and consi>ts of forty-one
lots fronting on First. Fremont, Beale, Howard
and Natoma streets. In this section of the City
many factories are located— in fact, the prop
erty is practically surrounded with mechan
ical industries, and there is every indication
that this portion of San Francisco will become
more and more a manufacturing center with
each succeeding year.
As an Investment or for immediate use it
offers many inuucements to those who desire
to invest in property of this character, and it
remains to be seen how well it will sell.
Kaston. Eldridgc <k Co. report a great deal of
inquiry about the sale and anticipate a good
attendance to-morrow and brisk bidding.
'1 he other sale of manufacturing property
referred to is that of the Pioneer Woolen Mlill,
which will take place Wednesday, May '27,
under the direction of .Shainwald, Buck bee .i
Co, 'he sale is peremptory, and the property
will be sold without limit to the highest bid
der. This is an admirable situation for the
location of some large manufacturing enter
prise, and it will perhaps be put to such use in
the future. There was a time when the Pio
neer Woolen Mill was looked upon and
pointed to with pride as a leading manufactur
ing enterprise of the State.
A variety of circumstances combined caused
the mill to" shut down some time ago ami lince
then nearly or quite all the machinery has
been removed, ft would seem that it should
be possible to conduct profitably in this City a
large woolen mill. In Oregon there are five
large mills in active operation and they are
all said to be making money. California is a
great wool producing State and with an abun
dance of raw material, and the whole country
for a niarkei. it would seem as if a mill could
be operated here with profit as well as in Ore
gon. It was but recently that a mill at Albany
in the latter State received an order from
Amsterdam. Holland, for 800 bales of blanket-.
The real estate market for the past week
offered no new developments. About the only
business of consequence reported was trans
acted in the auction-rooms. Several firms re
port a number oi good-Mz<*d deals pending,
with good prospects of closing same.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were ninety-one mortgages recorded
last week, aggregating !?32O,69tJ. The princi
pal ones were:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society.
$1 1.000 for one year at 6y 3 per cent, on property
on the northeast corner 01 O'Farrell and Leaven
worth streets, east 45 feet by north 80: by John
Smith, $12,000 for two years at 9 per cent, on
the estates of Matthew and Susan Crooks; by the
Hibernia Savings and Loan (society, $30,000 for
one year at 6V2 percent, on the property on the
northeast corner of Battery and Vallejo streets,
north 183:4 by east 187:6; by the Union Trust
Company, $78,000 for one year at 6V» per cent, on
property on the west line of Kearuy street, 122
feet south of Post, west 90:5, north 60, east 30.
south 20. east 60:05. south 40; by the Mutual
Savings Bunk. $1810 lor one year, $4810 for two
years and $4310 for three years, all at 7 per cent,
on property at the northeast corner of Valencia
and Hermann streets, east 71, north 49-10VJ*
west 68:83,4, south 49 :10i/ .
The releases granted last week numbered
forty-six, aggregating $203,133. * The larger
ones were:
By the Hihernia Savings and Loan Society to
Richard and Martha J. Larriinore, $17,01(0 on
property on the south line of Union street.
171:10% feet east of Powell, east 28:6 by south
137:6, on the southwest line of Montgomery ave
nue, 171 .10 1 , 2 feet east of J'owell street, south
37:4y west 9 Inches, south 43:6, eaat "20:3, north
46. noribwest to beginning, and on all of their in
terest In 50-vara lot 391; by the same to Bertha
Spitz, $40,000 on property on the northeast line of
Tenth street, 225 feet northwest of Howard, north
west 200 by northeast 113:4; by the same
to Gustave and Armani! Callleau $11,500 011
property on the north line of Host street, 63:9 feet
east of Larkin, east 69:9 by nor. 137:6: from
the same to James Stantou $40,000 on property
on me southwest corner of Post and * Kearny
streets, south 6-:6 by west 60:5 and 50:6: lroiii
the same to Marcus B. Levy $22,500 on property
on the southeast corner of Seventh and Na:oma
streets, northeast 75 by southeast 50; and by the
Security Loan Association to Gabriel Cohn $12,
000 on property on the west line of Buchanan
street, 26 feet north of Sacramento, north 25:2*4
by west 109.
There were 126 transfers recorded last week.
Ten building contracts, the particulars of
which were published each day in The Call,
were filed last week, the aggregate being
$'263,133. B
AUCTION SALES.
Monday evening, May 25, O'Farrell <£ Co.
will offer fit auction 100 building lots in the
Excelsior Homestead. The lots are all level,
and they are located in a section of the City
that is growing rapidly. They are directly on
the line of the Mission-street cars, and are but
twenty-right minutes' ride from the City Hall.
Th^y will be sold on very liberal terms, viz :
$1O on the fall of the hammer and the balance
in monthly payments ot $10. It is the first
time in the history of the City that such ctieap
building lots located directly'on a car line tha'.
runs to the center of the city were ever offered
at auction and on such easy terms. In view of
this a large attendance at the sale is antici
pated.
G. H. Umbben & Co. are preparing a cat
alogue of miscellaneous properties which they
will offer at auction June 8. The leading
offering of this sale will be the old French
hospital property on Bryant street, between
Fifth and Sixth, It is 275x275 and has been
subdivided into small lots and will be sold on
reasonable terms. Other properties to be
offered at this sale include several places be
longing to the Mullen estate, embracing par
cels on Golden Gate avenue, Fulton, Oak and
other streets.
Last Saturday Easton, Eldridge <fe Co. held
an auction sale for \V. J. iiingee of sixty lots
in the Hiliegass Tract, Berkeley. There was a
good attendance and thiriy-seven lots were
disposed of for a total of $22,600. The prices
realized were good considering the present
condition of the market.
The entire frontage on College avenue, be
tween Parker and Derby streets, consisting of
fifteen lots, 40x159.44 each, sold at Drices
ranging from *t>90 and $670 resi.ectivelv for
the corners, to .*4!X>. .$510, $5'io, $54o'and
$580 for the inside lota. The lot at the south
east corner of Pi\rker street and Benvenue ave
nue sold for $850, and four adjoining lot*;
$790, $670, .$600 and $550 respectively. The
lot at the southwest corner of I'arker street
and Benvenue avenue sold for $08O, and seven
a«ljoiuiug lots fronting on Benvenue avenue
Bold at prices ranging from $600 to $510. A
lot at the southeast corner of I'arker street
and Hillegass avenue sold for $925, and three
adjoining lois fronting on Hiilegass avenuu
brought $825, $710 and $680 respectively
The northeast corner of Derby street and Hiile
gass avenue sold for $640, and four adjoining
lots fronting the avenue brought $580 to $560
each. All the lots are of uniform size belnc
40x159.44 each.
O'Farrell A Co. will hold their next auction
sale of miscellaneous properties June 4 in
stead of May 28, as heretofore announced.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
E. S. Tucker, connected with Madison &
Burko, has returned from his wedding trip to
Honolulu.
Jacob Heyman reports the sale of a lot 25x
114 on Twenty-third street between Douglass
and Hoffman for $950; also two lots on
Twenty-ninth street for $500, nnd fourteen
lots In Outside Lands block 229 for $250 each.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the sale in
their country department of hinds in the Mc-
Mahan ranch as follows: 66.32 acres, im
proved, to Oscar C. Sehulze of Pixon for $8000;
lots 168, 177 and 188, unimproved, to .1. E
Mehorn of Sacramento for $2025; lot 182 to
George F. Brown of Fort Bragg, and iota 204
and 142 to Charles Murray 01 the same place.
Last Thursday the deed was recorded trans
ferring to Jeremiah and John J. Mahoney the
Howard-street PresDyteriaa Church property
on Mission street, between Third and Fourth
The new owners intend to improve the prop
erty at once by erecting thereon a five-story
building, which when completed will be occu
pied by Thomas Day & Co.
The days of the Center Market, at the corner
of Sutter street and Grant avenue, arc num
bered. It is soon to be converted into a large
dry-goods house, it having been leased for that
purpose by D. Samuels, proprietor of the Lace
House, on* Post street.
The premises will undergo extensive im
provements before being occupied by the new
tenant. Another story will be added, and
when all alterations are completed It is ex
pected that Mr. Samuels will possess one of the
tandsomest dry-goods stores iu the City.* The
effect of this move on property in that neigh
borhood will be beneficial and may induce
other property-owners in that locality to make
needed improvements.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the following
sales :
The thr*e-storv brick building on the west side
of Graut avenue, 40 feel north of Sutler street. lot
4"x80 bus been sold by Mr. BHbcock to James T.
Fitzgerald. $26,000: lot 22:6x87:6, with Improve
ments. on the southeast corner of Sacramento
street and (Jolden court, $4200; lot 25x90, and
flats, on the east line of Valencia street, 60 feet
north of Twenty-fourth, $5000; cottage and lot,
"5x120. on the east line of Fifth avenue, 155 feet
Miutli of l'oiut L.obos, $3000; lot 29:3x100, and
improvements, on the west side of Broderick
street. 92:0 south of Bush, $8100; lot 25x120. on
tueeast line of Kleventli avenue. 125 feet north
of California street, $H0l): lot 60x120, on the west
side of Tenth avenue. 100 feet south of Jjilce
afreet, $1690: cottage and lot 25x100. on the north
aide of Ku:le»ige avenue. 10& teet east of Alabama
street, 9500. and cottage and lot, same size, ad
joining for *600.
At the sixtn annual meetingof the Guardian
Loan Association held last Wednesday even
ing the following officers were elected: Presi
dent, A. J. Bartnett; vice-president, S. Feder;
treasurer, Daniel Meyer; attorneys, Reinstein
& Kisner; secretary, .Sol J. Levy; directors, A.
J. Hartnett, Albert Meyer, Henry lckelheimer,
JoeepB Weil, William Little, S. Feder, 1". N.
Aronson.
The lollowing table shows the condition of
the shares for the month of May in the years
noted:
7! ' a m > . o 65 te|
5 £ £ 2 B 8. •§ 5
<* 2 B "" 3
I: of * I "2 . <! a
* fi. • • ** i S £. n
: ' Fit : 1 P ■■■". ";;.J . ' B.
1st.... 1890 101Vis,*-;0.300 $16 DO $88 00 ! ?81 00
3d..... 1»91 34 6.800 10 IS 70 13 65 06
3d 189a 56 11,'JOO 5 63 53 63 50 81
4th.... 1893 45 9,000! 2 42 38 4«* 37 21
5th.... 1894' '27 6,400 16' 26 16 24 68
6in... 11895 243£ 4,900 25 12 25^ 12 12
?ales recently made by Will E. Fisher <fc Co.
are as follows:
Lot li6xl'2O, on the east line of Twelfth avenue,
126 south of Point Lobos, $800; lot 40x117, on
the west line of Dolores street, 155 north of
Twenty-fourth. $2500: lot ::5xl2O, on the west
line of Klevt'iith aveDue, 70 north of Clement
street, $900: lot 25x122:6. on the w-fs'. line of
Folsom street, 200 south of Twenty-fourth. $2170:
a cottace and lot on the north line of Twentieth
street, between Diamond and Castro, S-J500; lot
25x1 'JO, on the east line of Tenth avenue, 100
south of Lake street. $700.
The Ham Block, situated southeast corner
Center street and Sliattuek avenue, Berkeley,
containing five stores and nineteen rooms
abDve, was sold by Joseph J. Mason, the real
estate man of Berkeley Station, to Mrs. Terilla
V. Wripht, wife of Captain J. T. Wright of Oak
land. Captain Wright has considerable other
property in Berkeley and has great faith in the
future of thst place. Other recent sales made
by Mr. Mason »ire a vacant lot on Shatiuck
avenue, adjoining the above biock, to J. B.
Squires of Wright; a lot on Hamilton street,
near Delaware Jo Mrs. Barclay; a lot on Web
ster street near Telegraph avenue to George F.
Smith; a house and lot on University avenue
to Mrs. Boswell;' a house and lot on Haste
street to Mra. Winn, and a house and lot on
Blake street, near Ellsworth, to Mr. Robinson.
Olympic Club Wheelmen Enjoy a
l>ay's Outing Across the
Kay.
The Olympic wheelmen turned out some
sixty stro.ig, under Captain Fawcett, yes
terday, in response to an invitation from
the Acme Club of Oakland to partalce of
their hospitality under the greenwood
tree. Starting from the quarters of the
Acmes at 9 o'clock Captain Swain of the
Oakland Club and hiy merrie men led the
way to Temescai Lake, a spot beautifully
situated in the hi'ls about rive miles frorii
Oakland. In order to reach this, however,
a circuitous route of about fifteen miles
was taken, over almost untraveied paths,
but none the less interesting on that ac
count.
Reaching the lake the visiting clubs were
royally entertained Dy their hosts. Tne
lunch yet before them would have tempted
a party of dyspeptics, and full justice was
done to it. The afternoon was spent in
visiting the waterworks, Bituated on the
lake side, and in various athletic games.
The return was made by a direct route,
and on reaching Oakland the two clubs,
forming a long line, riding two abreast,
were the subject of much favorable com
ment. The visitors were escorted to the
boat by their hosts, and separated after
declaring the day the most enjoyable of
the present season.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th« San Francisco Cam^
"10 Market street, op«n until 12 o'clock everj
algnt In the year. . -
BRANCH OFFICES— 830 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark in street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
' W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, op«a
QDtil 9 o'clock.
3518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.1112
General Muller's Brigade of
State Troops May-
Come Here.
FOURTH OF JULY WEEK
Column of Regulars, National
Guard, Marines and Na
val Reserve.
FIGURES OF TRANSPORTATION.
The Southern Pacific Agrees to Reduce
Round-Trip Rates to Two-Thirds
of Single Fare.
The National Guard troops of the Third
Brigade are anxious to hold their summer
camp of instruction at the Presidio of ban
Francisco and on July 4 join the Second
Brigade troops in a grand parade in tins
City.
The subject has received the serious
consideration of Brigadier-General War
field and Brigadier-General Mailer,
commanding respectively the Second and
Third Brigades of State troops.
Permission to encamp the regiments of
General Mulier's brigade on the Presidio
must be obtained from General Graham,
the post commander.
An interview of the three officers had
been appointed an hour or two before
General Gratiam started for Santa Bar
bara on the battleship Oregon, but as
General Muller failed to make connec
tions the subject was not then taken up.
Saturday last General Graham returned
and negotiations will be reopened at once.
The interior troops will be able to provide
their own subsistence at the Presidio from
Wednesday, July 1, until Monday. July tj.
A fund, however, must be raised for trans
portation, but on this point General War
field sees the way clear to carry out the
plan of campaign.
X. H. Goodman, general passenger agent
of the Southern Pacific, has agreed to give
round-trip transportation for two-ibirds
of single-trip lare. For example, if the
fare from Fresno to £an Francisco snouid
be $ti the company would carry a guards
man to Pan Francisco and return for $4.
La Fresno, Modesto, Stockton, Visalia
Sacramento, Woodland, Auburn, Marys
ville, Colusa, Oroville, Chico, Nevada City,
Grass Valley and other cities where com
panies comprising the Third Brigade are
located, there is a lucal sentiment in favor
of home parade of the respective companies
on July 4, but this is not thought to be
strong enough to weigh against the ad
vantages in instruction which the troops
would gain by six days' encampment near
the United States troops on the Presidio
reservation.
This is a matter that rests largely with
the commanding officers. Should Major-
General Dimond direct a division encamp
ment, or the concentration of two brigades
at San Francisco during the first week in
July, the order would be obeyed, but trans
portation would have to be provided.
The last Legislature was obliged to ap
propriate so much money to defray the
expenses of the strike campaign that no
provision was made for transporting
troops to the annual encampment this
year, hence public enterprise must be re
lied on to provide the necessary funds.
Again, it has been a custom long hon
ored among the interior regiments of the
National Guard to consult the line officers,
and for that matter the enlisted men, as to
preference in locating the summer camp
of instruction. General iluller, in talking
over the proposed camp at the Presidio,
finds the desire among his troops almost
universal.
The commander-in-chief,Governor Budd,
and Adjutant-General Barrett recognize
that encampments adjacent to the United
States troops in garrison would be of great
service to the guardsmen.
The military display on July 4 should
be the finest ever seen on the peninsula.
It is true that the garrison of regular
troops at the Presidio has been dimin
ished numerically by the detail of four
troops of cavalry to patrol the Sierra
parks, and there will be further reduction
by detailing two light batteries of the
Fifth Artihery to participate in the Sloate
monument celebration at Monterey. Still
seven companies of the Fifth Artillery re
main in the harbor, wiiicb, together with
nine companies ol the First Infantry at
Angel Island and Benicia, should form a
superb column of regulars.
The guard regiments of the Second and
Third brigades, re-enforced by the
mounted company of the First Brigade at
Salinas and the Second Brigade Signal
Corps, ought to maKe an effective dis
play.
Another division composed of the com
panies of the Navai Battalion, re-enforced
by marines and sailors from the United
States cruisers in the harbor, should con
stitute a superb feature of the grand
column.
An author some time ago received a
singular compliment. A burglar broke
into his house and found t:.e manuscript
of a novel, which he touk, leaving the
following note: "Sir— I began to read
your novel, and I was so deeply interested
in it that 1 was obliged to carry it away,
but it will be faithfully returned when
finished." The manupcript was duly sent
back, with a really clever critique on* it.
"Opium and other drugs may be had at San Qucntin at all times," said Peter
Brown, the Ex-Convict.
[From a photograph by Levy.]
That Convict-Made Granite
Pedestal Was Carted
Away.
WILL USE OTHER STONE
A Narrow Escape From Drown
ing at the Sutro Baths— A
Timely Rescue.
FISH AT STRAWBERRY HILL.
Black Bass and Yellow Perch Placed
in Golden Gate Park Waters.
More Chryscphore.
The Grant monument, the granite ped
estal and the granite foundation in Golden
Gate Park, which has been the cause of
much talk and newspaper comment, have
disappeared from ttie place near the
museum where it had been erected.
Early Saturday forenoon a force of men
with trucks and a derrick appeared at the
site on which the much objccted-to monu
ment had been erected and without delay
placed the derrick in position, lowered the
Dust and placed it on one of the trucks, then
the pedestal followed and after that the
foundation stones were also loaded on the
trucks and it was not long before the
whole outfit was out of the limits of the
park.
The Park Commissioners declare that
they did not have anything to do with
the placing of the statue in position or
with its removal. The only thing they
had to do was to grant the memorial com
mittee a site on which to erect a monu
ment, and th ey would not have had any
thing to do with it until it was formally
turned over to them by the committee.
The removal was because the commit
tee, in view of the complaints made, re
fused to accept the work. The committee
will secure other stone upon which the
bust will be placed.
M. Braverman of Visalia, who owns the
recently discovered ledge of thrysophore,
the apple-green gem that since the an
l.ouncemein in The Call of its discovery
has attracted universal attention, has do
nated to tl.e Park museum fourteen speci
mens, showing the jrem in its crude state,
cut into slabs, cut into small blocks ready
for polishing, and gems in the polished
state. This collection is said to be the
most beautiful and valuable in the world.
The Fish Commissioners have presented
to the park a number of suniish, black
bans and yellow perch. The ba^s were by
Superintendent McLaren placed in one of
the large pools on Strawberry Hill, and
the other fish were planted in "the pool in
the western part of the park.
The new track for the cyclers will be fin
ished in about six weeks.
Despite the cola day, there was an im
mense crowd at the park, and thousands
listened to an excellent programme of
music, the most attractive number being
a symphonic poem illustrative of Burger's
ballad "Leonora," which was well rendered
and loudly applauded.
For some time past some wheelers have
made themselves very obnoxious in the
vicinity of the band stand. They would
yell while the band played, and pelt
passers by with clods of earth. A week
ago yesterday one of the number was
arrested, but upon trial was acquitted, as
the officer was sworn out of court. There
was a threat that tiiere would be a renewal
of the trouble, and to prevent it. Captain
Thomson placed officers in citizen's dress
where the turbulent were in the habit of
congregating, but they aid not have oc
casion to make any arrests.
A. Baribelet, a sculptor and artist, has
been at work for some time in the Park
Museum repairing a number of exhibits
tuat are intended for the annex, and which
in transportation w»»re either damaged or
broken. With putty, plaster of paris,
cementB, paints and varnishes, he makes
the repairs, replaces the missing pieces, and
the work is so well done that it is im
possible to discover the additions from the
original.
At Sutro Baths there were at least 12,000
people to witness the burning of the Re
public and the rescue by the crew of the
Hollywood. During the performance a
ship s boat— manned by Peter Johnson
and George Cartlige, who had been
sailors on the original Republic — was sent
out to "save" some of those on the sink
ing vessel. Their boat was surrounded by
a number of young swimmers, who shook
it and finally capsized it, throwing the
two men into the water. One of these
could swim but little and the other not at
all. The former clung to his companion,
and both disappeared below the surface.
Matt Gay and Ed Rosenbaum, of the life
saving crew of the baths, went to their
rescue, and when they brought them to
the surface Johnson was unconscious. At
first this was thought to be a part of the
performance, but when it became ap
parent that it was almost a tragedy the
vast audience loudly cheered the rescuers.
In the endeavor to assist the rescued
men when they were taken on the plat
form some one threw a chair to one aide
to make room and in so doing struck and
smashed the nose of a man named Martin.
Judge McKenna Must
Decide the Important
Question.
RIVAL COLORED SINGERS
Charles Sidney O'Brien and
Burt Williams Contest
For Laurels.
NO LACK OF AFFIDAVITS.
Opposing Music Companies Will
Storm His Honor With Scores
of Depositions.
I'll take along my razzer,
Dat"s for JiiumieFrazer,
For he am fa coon what's
i.wiue to steal mah ADgeline.
That's the way the song runs. The af
fid avits of the Zeno Mauvais Music Com
pany run otherwise. According to the
trend of about thirty of those formidable
documents which Judge McKenna will be
called upon to hear this morning the party
who not only intends to steal "Man An
geline," but actually has stolen it, is the
Schlamm ifc Broder Music Company.
These two organizations are the largest
music publishers en the coast and the
serious ciillieulties which have arisen be
tween them are due to the rival conten
tions of two colored men as to who wrote
the popular "coon" song, which has out
rivaled "The .New Bully."
Charles Sidney O'lirien is the colored
composer whose claims to the authorship
of "Mah A*ngeline" are championed by
the Mauvais Company. O'Brien ia a comi
cal little man of exceeding blackness. His
appearance on the street suggests that he
had just stepped from an end chair at a
minstrel performance. O'Brien says he
wrote "Mah Angelina" away back in the
'80's, and that he sung it with more or less
success at the Midwinter Fair. Among
other places, he says, he with two other
colored singers sang the song at the '49
Camp. This contention is borne out oy
James 11. Love, one of the camp mana
gers, and by a negro known as tht- Black
Diamond, who is now in jail. This fact
does not particularly prejudice O'Brien'b
case, however, as the Black Diamond is
said to have given the other tide an affi
davit also.
The Suhlam-Broder Company banes its
claims to the song on the alleged author
ship of Burl Williams. Williams is a big
ger man than O'Brien, but not a whit
blacker, albeit burned cork would never
change bis complexion. Williams, ac
cording to affidavits galore, which will be
introduced to offset those in support of
O'Brien's contentions, wrote the song
while working at the Midway Plaisance,
on Market street. The Mauvais people
have an affidavit from Edward Human,
proprietor of the Flaieance, that William*
never worked there prior to 1894, and so, if
O'Brien sang "Mali Angeiine" at the Mid
winter Fair, Williams' claim crumbles.
The Schlamm-Broder company's attor
ney, John M. Chretien, says they will
have no trouble proving that O'Brien did
not sing the song at the fair. To prove
this he has affidavits of the members of
Cassasa'B band, who were constantly on
the alert for catchy aira, and also from the
three gentlemen who were associated with
Love in the management of the '49 Camp.
Thej' declare neither O'Brienn or any
other colored man ever sang there.
There seems to be a serious difference of
opinion as to the- accomplishments of the
rival songwrights. The Mauvais people
do not hesitate to say that Williams is a
black personification of ignorance, who
has followed the highly intelligent and
much-traveled O'Brien about until he had
succeeded in partially memorizing the
words and air of "Man Angeline." which
he has had published as "Dora Dean."
The publishers of "Dora Dean," for it is
under that name the Schlamm-Broder
Company Droduce the song, say that the
colored man with the Hibernian name
cannot sign his name, much less could he
write such a song as he lays claim to.
To these and many more much-sworn-to
contentions Judge McKenna must listen
patiently to-day. The matter comes up in
a motion to dissolve a temporary injunc
tion which the bchlamm-Broder Company
obtained some time ago, Should the
moving party be successful the matter will
be set for trial, and before the matter is
finally settled it will be contempt to
whistle "Man Angeline" or "Dora Dean"
within possible hearing distance of Judge
McKenna's chamber.
The total number of practitioners in the
United Kingdom, which at the beginning
of the year 1876 was 22,200, has now risen
to over 30,000.
Peter Brown, Ex-Convict,
Says Emphatically That
It Is.
INFORMS THE GOVERNOR
The Chief Executive Is Asked
to Investigate Alleged
Irregularities.
REPORT OF INSPECTOR WILKINS
Confirms Much That Brown Has Stated.
Trouble Is Snd to Be With
the Guards.
Some days ago Peter Urown, a negro
sailor just released from San Quentin,
where he spent live years for killing a
shipmate, addressed a letter to Governor
Budd alleging many irregularities in the
State's great criminal institution, not the
least of which was the free barter and sale
of opium. This letter, with the names of
the oilicials directly accused omitted, reads
as follows:
Ban FbaxgOCQ, May 9, 1896.
To Hit Excellency Jiiiiifx If. Jludd, Governor of
th< StatcoJ California— DBAS Mi:: Asa recent
inmate of the State prison at San Quemin I
ilesirt- to call vour attention to a few of the
practices indulged in by some of the men in
charge. First allow me to Mf that I was sent
to San Quentin five years for killing a sailor
named Krown. Had 1 been properly defended
I would have been exonerated, as I acted
purely in self-defense. Like all convicts, I
appreciate thut my word does not go for much,
but just the same all that 1 say is true.
I will pass over my personal treatment, which
was harsh and cruel, from beginning to end,
and get down to the fact*. Prisoners without
friend! at San Quentin are subjected to the
most inhuman treatment. If they don't happen
to stand in with the guards they are forced to
undergo the tortures of the dungeon ou tho
slightest provocation. Men are butchered
there lor nothing. I know of one or two men
who were killed and nothinsr was even said
about it. The favored prisoners are allowed to
carry knives, Duild fires in their cells and have
all the opium they want. They did not like
me because I was not an American. Mr.
and Mr. are ratpoiuible for all the trouble
there. I do not think Warden Hale knows
anything about it. 1 think, in justice to the
prisoners at San Quentin, that this tiling
should be investigated. If you want my per-
Mjiial experience there I will give it to you.
My address is 722 Bush street. Yours respect
fully, Peteb Brown.
Prison Inspector James Wilkins now
comes forward with a statement which
corroborates in a general way the Allega
tions made by Brown. At a meeting of
the prison directors held last week Mr.
WilKins made & report, of which the fol
lowing is a part:
"I have closely questioned the best-in
formed officials and the prisoners addicted
to the fatal habit, and from the evidence
given no one should deny for a moment
that a large supply of opium is constantly
on hand within the walls and easily acces
sible to those who wish to u-se it. I might
add that the same unfortunate condition
of things has existed under all administra
tions of tnis prison, as long as I have Deen
acquainted with it.
"Strenuous efforts have been made by
the Warden and his officers of late to sup
press the traffic. Yet the fact remains
that there is still opium in the yard, and
plenty of it at that. As a result of my
inquiry I am reluctantly forced to the
conclusion that there are employes of this
institution base enoueh to sell the drug to
the prisoners. When I make this asser
tion I do not wish to appear as casting a
general stigma on the reputation of the
officials at San Quentin prison. The ma
jority I believe to be honorable men, who
would scorn such a rascally transaction as
heartily as any one could."
Brown, the ex-convict, in his letter to
Governor Budd, eliminated all the harsher
features, but to a Call reporter he told a
horrible story of inside prison life, which,
if only true in part, will be sufficient to
land some of the very men now doing
guard duty behind the bars.
"It would take whole pages to tell of the
inhuman treatment accorded some of the
prisoners at Hau Qnentin," said Brown,
"and of my own experience there I could
tell more than you would care to publish.
If a man stands in with the guards he is
secure from all harm, but woe unto him if
he offends them in any •way. I was not
liked by the keepers and I suffered accord
ingly."
"Two men were killed at San Quentin
during the five years I was there and noth
ing was ever said about it. The only pun
ishment meted out to the murderers was
thirty days In the dungeon. I came very
near being killed myself by a cellmate, who
was prompted to do the work by one of
the guards. It all came about in this way.
I had a friend from this City come and see
me, and because I refused to tell what con
versation passed between us the guard be
came angry. He threatened and cajoled
by turns and incidentally made my situa
tion more uncomfortable by throwing me
in the dungeon on the slightest provoca
tion.
"Finally one night my cellmate, a man
named Richardson, attacked me with a
knife, and bad I not been the stronger of
the two he would have killed me. As it
was I was laid up in the hospital for sey
eral weeks. For his unprovoked attack on
me Richardson was sentenced to a few
days in the dunpeon, while I had six
months taken off my good behavior time.
"The favored prisoners are allowed to
carry knives and build fires in their cells
and, in fact, do pretty much as they please.
Opium is to be had by any who has the
money to purchase, the profits being di
vided between the guards and those who
dispose of the drug. I bad not been in
prison a week before this same fellow
Richardson offered me some of the opium,
savin i?,he could get all he wanted. After
that I kept my eyes open, and found that
what he said was true. Opium and other
drugs may be had at San Quentin at all
times.
"All the trouble there is due to the two
men, whose names I have given to Gov
ernor Budd. I am sure that Warden Hale
knows nothing about the rascality going
on there, though be has only to keep a
close watch and see for himself. A negro
has very little show at San Quentin. One
of the men killed shortly after I entered
the prison was a negro named Jackson.
The murderer was given ten days in the
dungeon and there the matter ended.
Messenger Boy Harris Walked
Darkly to a Fearful
Doom.
No Light on the Landing at the
Mouth of the Elevator Well on
the Top Floor.
The funeral of Ben Harris, the district
messenger boy who fell down an elevator
shaft in the Ottinger House at 310 Stockton
street, took place yesterday afternoon from
the residence of the parents, 1413 JacKson
street.
Wi;en the hoy was found unconscious
with a fractured skull at the bottom of the
shaft at half-past 12 o'clock last Saturday
morning, it was believed that he had been
made the victim of foul play. This belief
was strengthened yesterday by a report to
the effect that the boy had gone upstairs
to visit an attractive young woman named
Gipsy Ashton, and that he might have
been thrown down the elevator by a
jealous admirer of tlie fair Gipsy.
It was reported also that Dr. Fitzgibbon,
one of the surgeons in the City Receiving
Hospital, had found signs of asphyxiation,
as though the deceased had been choked
before he had gone down the shaft. Dr.
Fitzgibbon informed a Call reporter yes
terday that when he examined young
Harris he found that his breathing was
very much impeded by potato salad and
meat which the deceased had eaten a short
time before.
The shock of the fail had caused nausea
and the particles of food had lodged in
the larynx of the boy, causine partial
strangulation, and Dr. Fitzgibbon was en
gaged about a quarter of an hour in pick
ing out the pieces of food so as to enable
the dying boy to breathe freely.
George Reed, also a messenger boy and
Harris 1 chum, had just pone off duty at
midnight and they were about to take the
cars for home when a sporting man, who
eats at Marchand's and is known to the
boys as Louis, gave Harris a dollar for the
purpose of engaging a room for him at the
Ottinger. Harris and Reed thereupon
went to the messenger office on Sutert
street to get the front door latch key of the
Ottinger House, which was kept there in
common with the keys of other lodging
houses in the neighborhood for the con
venience of belated guests and transients
who might want a room.
Reed waited for his friend outside the
door of the Ottinger House for about
twenty minutes, as near an lie could judge,
but the time no doubt seemed much
longer than it actually was, he waiting a
little impatiently. His friend not coming
out, he went away.
From tne statement of persons living in
Ben Harris, the Messenger Boy Who
Walked Through an Open Door to
His Death.
the house, it appears that young Harris
knocked at several doors in quest of the
Jandlord. The landlord not being at home,
the boy was directed by a lodger named
Babcock to the janitor's room on the top
floor. He went upstairs to a small landing
and walked across this in the dark
through the open door of a freight-elevator.
The elevator was used by the Taylor
Furniture Company, which has a store
house on the same floor. Harris' family
say that thev may sue the furniture com
pany for damages for having left the ele
vator door unlocked.
There were no other rooms on this floor
and there was no light burning. The boy
probably mistook the open doorway of the
shaft for a little hallway and walked
into it.
Jncapiode Santi, living at *>34 Bay street,
was in a playful mood yesterday morning on
Francisco street and knocked the pipe out of a
fellow-countryman's mouth. He was warned
not to do It again, but the warning was un
heeded, and he was shot in the left hip. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was found that the wound was merely a flesh
one. The police are searching for the man
with the gun.
Martin Mullaue, a tailor, went to see his wife
at 324 Fourth street yesterday afternoon, when
she picked up a knife and eat him on the left
wrist. The wound was iln-ssert at the Receiv
ing Hospital. Mullane's wife deserted him
some time ego, and he went to try and get her
to return.
David V. Waldron's Story of
the Extent of the Sugar
Yield.
Wharfs and Railroads Needed to
Facilitate the Shipments — Going
Direct to New York.
David V. Waldron of Los Angeles, who
has been on a long trip to the Hawaiian
Islands and who has visited all the islands
of the group, is at the Grand. Mr. Wal
dron has been absent four months.
He saw the crater of Kilauea, and visit
ing the island of Olaa made arrangements
toward starting a coffee plantation. He
will return there this fall.
Mr. Waldron thinks some of these
islands very fascinating. The people he
met, too, it seemed to him were the finest
he ever saw.
"There are big opportunities down
there," he said. "There is a tine opening
for building a railroad. It is expensive to
land the sugar. The little boats have a
very hard time. Hilo, on the big island of
Hawaii, which has 2500 to 3000 inhabi
tants, is Foon to have a whaif. If there
was a railroad along the coast it would
help things amazingly.
"The sugar business is far more exten
sive than I ever dreamed it was. Tho
size of the plantations and capacity of the
mills rilled me with astonishment. I saw
150 tons of clean, white sugar sacked from
one mill, it being the result of but one
day. The green cane which had been. put
in produced this enormous amount in
that short time.
"A great deal of sugar is shipped direct
from the inlands — that is, from the out-of
the-way piaces— to New York. The
big ship Rio s»ot a large cargo at Hilo
while I was there. If it was not such an
expense to handle the sugar, because ol
the absence of wharves and railroads in
these places, more money would be made.
"As it K however, the plantation
owners are making a great deal of money
this year. This is owing to the great yield
there and the fact, that there is aimost no
crop in ruba."
Mr. Waldroa formerly owned ten acres
in what is now largely trie best part of Los
Angeles. He will go home in a few days.
Gus Mooncy, well known in political circlei,
and James A. W hite, a colored janitor, quar
reled in the saloon, 1053 MarKot street, yester
day morninij. A rough-and-tumble fight fol
lowed, during which White was cut in the -^
neck and Mooney was wounoed in the scalp
Thev were tn.ken to the Receiving Hospital bv
Policeman T. W. Handley, where their wounds
were dressed, and then to the City Prison
where Mooney w.is booked on the charge of ail
sault to murder and White with assault with »
deadly wt ,pon. "