VOLUME LXXIX.- NO. 42.
POWERS ARRAYED
AGAINST ENGLAND
Combined Effort to Compel a
Surrender of African
Suzerainty.
KRUEGER WILL APPEAL.
Germany in a Position to Know
That Nations Will Support
the Transvaal.
PREPARING FOR THE WORST.
Twenty-Two Members of the Reform
Committee Arrested for High
Treason.
LONDON, Ex©., Jan. 10. -The features
to-day of the troubles ou< of Dr.
Jameson's raid into the Transvaal are the
practical refusal of the t . to sur
render their arms, and the arrest at
Johannesburg of a number of members of
the National Reform C mmittee on a
charge of high treas< a. Among tin
prisoners are s< ie leading resi
dents of Jouanne-L ire, including Colonel
Rhodes, brother of Cecil Rhodes, ex-Prime
Minister of Cape Colony, who is said to be
ill at Cape Town. It is believed here that
Cecil Rhodes will bring all his influence,
which i. c very powerful, to bear to secure
tiie release of his brother.
There is no single man who has done so
much to develop South Africa as Mr.
. : i bin carrying out his plan 3
many enemies, but it can
that he is the most
rful man in that part of the world to
day.
Behiru him is a large majority of Afri
and though he may have nominally
! from active parti ;ipation in poli
the impression prevails thai in any
final settlement of the Transvaal question
he will have to be taken into considera
tion.
At present nothing is heard of his plans,
even if he has formulated any, but those
who know the man and the power he
wields will not believe tbat the present
trouble will cause him to diverge from the
ambitious path he has for years been hew
ing for himself. He may be for the mo
ment compelled to abide the issue of the
present troubles, but that he will later
again take a hand in shaping the destinies
nth Africa there can scarcely be a
doubt. He has always been a man of ac
tion, not words, and his future policy will,
once decided on, prooably not be known
until it is put into effect.
The arrest of the members of the Na
tional Reform Committee does not cause
any ureat anxiety regarding their fate, as
it is generally believed that in no event
will any severe punishment be inflicted
upon them.
The report that Dr. Jameson had been
released turns out to have been premature.
President Krueger, in reply to the message
of Queen Victoria, >ays he intends to turn
Dr. Jameson and the other English pris
- who took part in the raid over to the
British Government for punishment, but a
dispatch from Johannesburg states the
surrender of the prisoners will be made
conditional on the abrogation of the Anglo-
Boer convention of 1884, which gives Great
Britain suzerainty over the Transvaal. If
such a condition as this is imposed by the
Boers it is quite certain that Great Britain
will never agree to it. The Government is
determined to uphold the convention in
al! Us terms, and although the Transvaal
Government may urge that Dr. Jameson's
raid made the convention null and void it
is pretty safe to say that Great Britain
will never accept this view of the matter
unless she is compelled to do so.
To abrogate the convention now would
be to acknowledge that the reported atti
■:" Em] eror William anent the Trans
vaal is correct and the temi>er of the
-'a people to-day is not such as to
ailow the Governor to concede this, even
were it disposed to do so. As a matter of
fact the Government will make not the
test concession in the matter to Ger
many, but is prepared or preparing to
maintain what it believes are its rights by
force of arms if necessary.
Never before has the isolation of Great
Britain been so completely dr.ven home
in the minds of the British people. Hither
to they have been accustomed to believing
that should Eneland become embroiled in
a war with a foreign power she would find
sympathy, if not actual aid, from some of
the European nations. Now it i 3 known
tliat in all Europe she has not a single
friend, and many believe her enemies are
only awaiting an opportunity *o attack
her and deprive her of some of her vast
possessions.
A dispatch from Berlin to-day, if it is
true, shows that there is some sort of
understanding between the cowers as to
the action to be taken by them relative to
England. This dispatch state* that unless
Gr<-at Britain accedes to the demands of
the Transvaal, which includes the abroga
tion of the treaty of ISB4, Germany will
urge President Krueger to appeal to the
European powers to support him in his
demands. This, if it means anything,
means that Germany is in a position to
know the powers would support the Trans
vaal, and the only way in which such Bup-
port coul'l be given, unless England re
ceded from her position, would be to
declare war upon Great Britain. That this
will be done few persons believe.
The situation is a complicated one, nnd
the more it is studied the wider the vista
of its possibilities becomes. But, with the
hands of all the powers against her, Great
Britain is waiting to see from what direc
tion the first blow will be delivered. Should
an attack be made upon her she will be
found not unprepared.
In every direction measures arc being
taken to ward off possible dangers and the
nation is rapidly putting itself in a posi
tion where, if events warrant such a course,
it will itself be able to deal the first blow.
The greatest activity is being displayed at
the dockyards where the torpedo-boat de
The San Francisco Call.
stroyers which are to be attached to the
channel fleet and flyintr squadron are be
ing prepared to go into commission. It is
believed orders have been sent to the Brit
ish Mediterranean fleet now at Salonica
fur certain vessels to be in readiness for
other service. Were it necessary to send
further vessels to Delagoa Bay or to re
enforce the Cape of Good Hope squadron
the vessels now at Salonica could quickly
reach South Africa, as they are not far
from the western entrance of the Suez
canal.
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain started
to-day from London to the Isle of Wight,
where he will visit the Queen and lay be
fore her Majesty the full details of the
situation ;iml explain to her the naval and
i military preparations that are underway.
Much interest is felt in the Cabinet coun
■ cil whicn, it is said, has been summoned
■to meet to-morrow. It is believed that
; Lord Salisbury will then lay before his
i colleagues ;i full exposition of recent
events and secure approval of the Govern
| ment's policy.
Though on the surface the situation ap
j pears to be threatening, those best quali
; lied to judge still view matters optimisti
cally and declare The clouds will soon
blow over. This view is borne out to a
great extent by the course of events in the
Exchange, where, despite the alarm
and rumors of war, the markets to-day
were quiet and steady. Even in Kairir
mining share*, which would be disastrously
a fleeted by a war or at least by hostilities
in the Transvaal, there were fractional ad
vances, showing that speculators have no
fear of trouble.
TO HACK UV THE BOERS.
J.ttropenn rowers Heady to Rally to
l\ '.rtietjer'M Support,
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 10.— A special
cable dispatch to the Sun from London,
says :
The development of the European
crisis becomes hourly more interesting.
The absence of all news regarding the in
tentions of both the Kaiser and the Czar
receives a peaceful interpretation in most
quarters.
"It is doubtful if events take a really de
cisive turn for several days; then we shall
have a decision in which St. Petersburg,
Paris and Berlin will all be represented.
We shall learn then whether the Conti
nental combination for the overthrow of
British prestige includes war in its pro
gramme. There is a strong disinclination
in France to support Germany in the pres
ent quarrel.
"If Russia had been the aggressor
against England there would havo been
prompt and hearty support from both
Germany and France. French embar
rassment, however, has probably been re
moved by President Krueger.
"There is the highest authority for say
ing that the Boer President has submitted
to the British Government his demands
for redress on account of the recent inva
sion.
"If Great Britain refuses to satisfy them
President Krueger will appeal for assist
ance to the Continental powers. Germany
will then no longer be the leader of the
qouni, and there are strong reasons for
believing that Russia, France and Ger-
many would act in concert in complying
with the Boer request.
"It is not yet known positively what the
Boer demands are, but it is certain they
include more than a mere money in
demnity. It is known that President
Krueger has received from Europe strong
encouragement to demand the complete
i independence of the Transvaal, and he
| has probably done so."
WILLIAM TO VICTORIA.
The Emperor a Jirply Probably Accept
able to the Queen.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 10.— The Telegraph
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Berlin, stating that Emperor William re
ceived by special messenger on January 8
an autograph letter from Queen Victoria.
The Emperor's autograph reply is now in
the Queen's hands. It is understood that
the Emperor remarked to his entourage
that he believed the terms of his reply
would be acceptable. The writer of the
dispatch affirms that the letters referred
to the political situation, and that his
Majesty, in his reply in brief, general
terms, proffered his hand to the English
people. The letter, it is said, also confirms
the assurances given by the German Min
isters that the Emperor had no intention
of casting a slur on tne dignity of Eng
land.
riiESJHEST KItUEUEK'S KEVLT.
Will Turn Ot'rr t/m I'visonera at the
I' roper Timr.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 10.— The Govern
ment has received a cablegram from Sir
Hercules Robinson, Governor of Cape Col
ony, embodying President Krueger's reply
to the message communicated to him by
Mr. Chamberlain expressing the satisfac
tion of the Queen at President Krueger's
decision to turn over the British South
Africa Company prisoners to officers of
the Imperial Government. The reply is
addressed to Governor Robinson, and is as
follows:
"I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of the telegram received by your
Excellency from the Secretary of State for
the Colonies requesting you, by command
of her Majesty, the Queen, to inform me of
her message in which her Majesty ex
presses her satisfaction at my decision to
hand over the prisoners to her Majesty's
Government. As I have already informed
your Excellency, it is really my intention
to act in this sense so that Jameson and
ttie British subjects under his command
may be punished by her Majesty's Govern
ment. 1 wili inform your Excellency of
riiv final decision in this matter as soon as
Johannesburg shall have reverted to quiet
ness and order.
"In the meantime I request your Ex
cellency to assure the Queen of mv high
appreciation of her words ana in proffer
ing her my respectful trood wishes to ex
press my thanks for the same.
S. J. P. Krceoer."
A dispatch from .Johannesburg says the
Standard of that place publishes the state
ment that the release of Dr. Jameson and
those of his followers who were taken
prisoners by the Boers will be made con
ditional upon the abrogation of the con
vention of 1884.
Xeu> HHnistru Formed.
CAPE TOWN, Africa, Jan. 10.— A new
Ministry has been formed by Sir Jordan
Bprigg, who succeeded the Hon. Cecil
Rhodes as Prime Minister.
Setuml Huililin/j /turned.
MICHIGAN CITY, Ind., Jan. 10.-The
city high school building was totally de
stroyed by lire this evening. Loss, $50,000;
insurance, $30,000.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 11, 1896.
"LET GO MY MUTTON!"
MACEO BECAME LOST
The Cuban General Almost
Captured While Seek
ing Gomez.
PROGRESS OF THE WAR.
Main Forces of the Insurgents
Said to Be Surrounded by
the Spanish.
WIRES CUT BY THE REBELS.
From Havana Come Reports of the
Frequent Defeat of the Strug
gling Natives.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 10. —Reports are
in circulation here that prior to the pur
suit of his command by the Spanish
column under General Prat Antonio
Maceo, the rebel leader, accompanied by
an escort, approached an expert guide in
the province of Pinar del Rio and asked
to be conducted to the headquarters of
Maximo Gomez, obviously having lost
track of the latter's whereabouts. While
the parleying with the guide was going on
Maceo was surprised by the firing of Gen
eral Prat's guns and made haste to escape,
otherwise he would have been captured by
the advancing Spaniards. As it was he
was cut off from his command and forced
to abandon his own troops.
A number of engagements have taken
place in the province of Pinar del Rio to
day. It is believed that the main forces of
the rebels under Gomez and Maceo are
surrounded and cannot escape.
General Suarez Valdez telegraphs
officially from Gunanajay that the col
umns commanded by Colonels Navarro
and Axizon have dispersed Maceo's force
on the Regalado and Begona estates, in
flicting heavy loss on the rebels. Five
men belonging to Navarro's column were
wounded. Colonel Arizon's loss is un
known. The rebels retreated in the direc
tion of Cabanas, whence Colonels Navarro
and Arizon are pursuing them.
It is said that Gomez is on the south
coast marching westward. Telegraphic
communication with many points west
has been interrupted by the rebels cutting
the wires.
A dispatch from Banes in the province
of Pinar del Rio says that on January 8 a
force of 500 Spanish troops composed of
cavalry and infantry pursued for two and
a half hours the. rebels under command of
Leaders Antonio Maceo and Zerrin San
chez. The insurgents refused to engage
in battle with the Government troops and
disbanded. Their killed they Mt upon
the held, but carried away with them
many wounded.
MATANZAS, CITBA, Jan. 4 (via Tampa,
Fla., Jan. 10). — The steamship Julia has
arrived here with the Havana infantry
regiment of 800 men and twenty-seven offi
cers. They bring with them 120 horses
and mules to expedite service in the field.
As soon as possible the infantry will be
mourned, thus enubling them to cope with
therebel3, nearly till of whom are mounted.
On the 28th of December fully «<joo rebels
were in the central provinces of Cuba.
LOSS OF THIJ SUGAR CROP.
How Spain's Revenue Una Jieen De
creased by the War.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— In re
sponse to a cablegram to Havana, sent by
Senor Dupuv de Lome, the Spanish Min
ister, inquiring as to what effect the de
struction of the sugar crop would have
upon the Government resources, the fol
lowing dispatch was received to-day:
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 10.— Sugar does not
pay direct taxes. Sugar only pays ti port duty
or permit to load of 75 cents per ton. If the
total sugar crop were lost, and the average ex
portation of 000,000 tons were Impossible, the
lost to the treasury would be $450,000, less
than 1 per cent of the war expenses.
Cadenas.
Senor <ie Lome, iv giving this informs
tion, said that it could be proved by in
quiring of those interested in the suirar in
dustry in New York, Boston and Phila
delphia, and poinfed to the fact tiiat the
rebels in their efforts to ruin the island by
burning the canetields of Spaniards,
Cubans and foreigners have deprived the
Spanish Government of less than half a
million dollars of taxes.
EI'ISCOI'A 1.1 Ays OBJECT.
TJir. Church Dors Sot Approve of the H»l
- Marriage.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Jan. 10.— Rev. F.
W. B. Jackson, acting rector of Trinity
Episcopal Church in Newport during the
absence of Rev. Dr. McGill in Europe, was
asked to-day if he had been requested to
perform the marriage ceremony for Mrs.
Alva Vanderbiltand Mr. Beimont.
The cJergyman said he had heard from
New York that some talk nad been had
about a ceremony at Nevtport, and that.
Mrs. Vancierbilt suegested Trinity Church
at the place. The clerg3 - man said he
"could not perform the ceremony on
account of the parties having been
divorced — doubly divorced." He thought
there was no way for the couple to secure a
marriage ceremony in the Episcopal
church except it could be shown that
both Mrs. Vanderbilt and Mr. Beimont
secured the divorce on grounds of in
fidelity and that both were guiltless.
Then the rector of Trinity Church could
perform the ceremony.
BBZJO VP X BROKE H.
Arrest of T.aipyera for Forcibly Taking a
Sole.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 10.— F. H. Drury
and Otto K. Barnett, members of the law
firm of Raymond it Omohundro in the
Monadnock building, were arrested to-day
and charged with assault with intent to kill
and robbery. C.F.Jacobs, real estate broker,
accuses them of holding him up in the
Major block, which is in the heart of the
business district, and robbing him of a
note for $700 at the point of a revolver.
At the station the note was found on Bar
nett, minus the signature, and he assaulted
Jacobs again, getting a sound thrashing
in return.
TAKEN FROM THE GRAVES.
Bodies in lowa Cemeteries Stolen
by a Band of Daring
Ghouls.
Officers of the Medical Department of
Drake University Say the Corpses
Were Shipped to Them.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 10. — The
police to-day discovered in the medical de
partment of the Drake University two
odies, those of Mrs. Rachael Townsend
and Alexander Bell, which had been buried
in the Saylorville Cemetery within ten
days and taken from the graves by ghouls.
The graves were discovered to have been
tampered with, and officers were notified.
They found the ghouls dad dug down at
the head of each grave, broken open the
coffins, dragged out the bodies and refilled
the graves. The two bodies were positively
identified.
Three other bodies were found in the
dissecting-rooms which are supposed to
have been takon from other graves in the
same cemetery that appeared to have been
entered; but no examination has been
made to prove this. There is no trace of
the robbers, the authorities of the school
claiming the bodies were shipped to them.
Other craves have been discovered to
have been tampered with in other country
cemeteries in the last two months, and the
officers have been for a month trying to
discover a gang of ghouls which they be
lieve have been robbing graves in consid-
erable numbers in rural burying-grounds.
lilackburn lirnominated.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 10.— Senator
Joseph C. Blackburn was to-night renomi
nated for United States Senator by the
Democratic joint caucus on the first bal
lot. The vote stood : Blackburn 37, Mc-
Crenry 13, John Young Brown (i. Four
Senators and nine Representatives were
absent.
Mother and Itatighter Perish.
LYNN, Mass., Jan. 10.— Mrs. Lemoire
fand her daughter Annie were burned to
death this morning. Their residence took
tire while the father and son, who subse
quently escaped, were both drunk.
JUSTICE WAS SWIFT.
An Assassin Surrounded by
a Posse and Riddled
With Bullets.
WOULD NOT SURRENDER.
Fought the Pursuing Officers
Until His Life Paid the
Penalty.
SLEW AN AGED FATHER-IN-LAW
Was a Brutal Husband and Swore
Revenge Because His Wife Se
cured a Divorce.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 10.— At Ransom
ville this afternoon Robert Clapsaddle, an
aged farmer, was brutally murdered by
his profligate son-in-law, George H. Smith,
ana three hours later a posse meted out
swift justice to the assassin, riddling his
body with a score of bullets.
About three years ago Smith's dissolute
habits and brutality caused his wife to
obtain a separation from him. Smith
nursed the idea that Clapsaddle had in
duced his daughter to make this move,
and just after the separation proceedings
were begun, he beat the old farmer in a
brutal manner. He was sent to prison three
times for this and other offenses, but the
terms of his confinement were short.
About eighteen months ago Smith's di
vorced wife married John de Clute, a
farmer, living about four miles from the
Clapsaddle house. Smith swore revenge
upon old man Clapsaddle for alienating
his wife's affections, but about this time
he was convicted of perjury on swearing
falsely against Farmer John Moore, whom
he charged with smuggling Chinamen,
and was sent to prison for a year.
As he was taken from court ho swore to
kill Clapsaddle when he regained his lib
erty. His term expired November 1, and
since that time he has led a vagrant's life.
Early this afternoon he went to the house
of his father-in-law, whom he found read
ing a paper, and without a word of warn
ing tired a bullet into his head, killing him
instantly.
The murderer then fled across the field
and the alarm being soon given a posse,
headed by a Deputy Sheriff and a Con
stable, gathered and started in pursuit,
being increased by additions as the chase
proceeded until it numbered more than
threescore.
Smith's course lay in the direction of
De Olute's house, the home of his divorced
wife, and ihe posse, fearing he meditated
further murder, hurried in the same direc
tion. They had gone about two and a
half miles when Smith was sighted in the
distance about a quarter of a mile from De
Clute'a house.
When the hunted murderer saw the
posse closing in upon him he changed his
airection and sped toward the house of a
farmer named Brown, which he reached
just as the posse came up.
Turning in the doorway of the house
Smith fired a shot at his pursuers, shout
ing, "The first man who follows me in
here will be killed." The posse sur
rounded the house, and Farmer Brown
came out and told them that Smith was
secreted in a clothespress, which had a
window looking upon the yard. A rush
was made for this window, but Smith,
thrusting his arm out of tne opening, fired
another shot, which broke the arm of
Elmer Clapsaddle, a relative of the mur
dered man, and the crowd drew back.
Deputy Sheriff Wolf called upon the
murderer to surrender, but received no re
sponse, and fearing that Smith was pre
paring for another attacK he ordered the
posse to fire. Two Bcore of rifles and shot
guns rang out and poured their contents
into the wall of the house. The sound of
a falling body and a groan followed the
volley, and the posse on entering the house
found Smith on the floor, bleeding from a
I dozen wounds and unconscious. He was
taken to Ransomville, where he died late
to-night.
Farmer Clapsaddle was one of the most
respected men in Niagara County.
BLEW OPEN A BANK VAULT.
Seven Daring Robbers Who Were Compelled
to Retreat Before Securing Any
Plunder.
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., Jan. 10.— The
Farmers' Bank at Verona was entered
early this morning by seven unknown
men, but so far as can be learned now they
got ho money. At 1 o'clock, as the night
watchman, Mr. Cantrell, was making his
rounds he was confronted by a man with
a drawn revolver, who commanded him to
throw «v> his hands. He was struck on
the head and knocked senseless, bound
hand and foot, and the robbers proceeded
with their work. The heavy doors lead
ing to the vault were blown open and
badly damaged. The safe was also at
tacked and blown open, the safe falling
face downward.
It is believed the robbers were frightened
away tefoiv they succeeded in turning the
safe over. 11. R. Graiumer heard the ex
plosion and went out. He was greeted
with a shot and a command to get back by
one of the robbers, tlie ball barely missing
him. When a posse was organized the
gang was gone, having hastily left without
securing anything, according to the bank
officials.
FORGED WAREHOUSE RECEIPTS.
Sequel to the Failure of Bart/ey, Johnson &
Co. and ihe Belle of Nelson Distillery
Company.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 10.— Forged
warehouse receipts to the amount of $100,
--000, it is alleged, have appeared as a se
quel to the failure of Bartley, Johnson &
Co. and the Belle of Nelson Distillery Com
pany. It is also alleged that there has
been an overissue of warehouse receipts
for probably $125,000 or more made within
the last eighteen months by a member of
the Bartley, Johnson & Co. firm and secre
tary of the Belle of Nelson Dislillery. The
assignee refused to give out any official
statement at present, and the news of the
alleged irregularities was a surprise to all
the associates of the accused man. About
$70,000 of this paper is believed to be held
by Louisville bankers and individuals and
$35,000 on Chicago and New York.
WITHOUT A GO FK RS OR' B WARRAXT
Proceedings to Secure the Execution of
Marsh's Murderers*
TOPEKA, Kan?., Jan. 10.— The proceed
ing which seeks to secure the execution of
the death sentence in the case of the mur
derers of Mayor Marsh of Kinsley without
a warrant from the Governor has been sub
mitted to the State Supreme Court. Asso
ciated with County Attorney Dye* in the
proceedings is Frederick Dumont Smith,
who has made a thorough study of the law
bearing on the case. Mr. Smith said:
"The case of the murderers of Mayor
Marsh has received more attention than it
perhaps merits, as the crime itself was not
more heinous than many others. The un
usual interest is due to the fact that in
this case capital punishment in Kansas is
challenged in a way that will set the ques
tion at rest."
THREE BODIES RECOVERED.
It Is Thought That Some of the Entombed
Miners Yet Live.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 10.—
The bodies of Superintendent Sheldon and
Miners Hancock and Meade have been
recovered in the Anna Lee mine, which
caved in nearly a week ago at Victor. The
Portland Company refuses to admit any
thing, but as the doctors at the mine have
been buying medicines of a stimulating
character, it is believed in some quarters
that some of the imprisoned men were
found alive. The work still continues, but
is very dangerous.
LEAVING THE SYNDICATE.
Other Banks Will Follow the
Example Set by the
Chemical.
It Is Expected That There Will Be
No Trouble in Disposing of
the Bonds.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 10.-The with
drawal of the Chemical Bank from the
Morgan syndicate was much commented
upon in banking circles to-day. There is
more than an impression that a Nassau
street bank, which is also a large holder of
gold, will serve notice of its intention to
withdraw from the syndicate either to-day
or to-morrow.
The withdrawals by no means endanger
the success of the loan, no matter what
the result may be, so far as the syndicate
is concerned.
Not a few bankers believed that there
will be further defections before the time
for filing subscriptions has expired. The
demand for cold from intending bidders is
good, and no difficulty is experienced in
obtaining a small premium for the metal,
say l A P er cent.
It is expected that the Importers' and
Traders' Bank and several of the largest
insurance companies of this city would
make individual bids for the new Govern
ment loans. One of the insurance compa
uies, it is thought, will bid for $10,000,000
of the issue.
Gould Inheritance Tax.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 10.— Surrogate
Fitzgerald to-day signed an order fixing
the amount of the inheritance tax to be
paid by the heirs of the late Jay Gould as
follows: Georee J. Gould, $90,771: Jay
Gould, $5000; Helen Gouid, $95.407; Edwin
Gould, $92,157; Howard Gould, $95,152;
Frank J. Gould, $98, 175, and Anna, now the
Countess de Castellane, $97,122.
May Cause Another Strike.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 10.— The
probability of another strike of the motor
men and conductors of the Union Traction
Company was not lessened by develop
ments to-day. The men claim the com
pany is violating the agreement upon
which they returned to work on the occa
sion of the first strike. Meetings were
held to-night, but it was decided not to
strike to-day.
Death of Pilot Medium.
BATTLE CREEK, Mich., Jan. 10.— The
celebrated stallion Pilot Medium, for
which the owner, Walter Clark, had re
fused $90,000, died here at noon suddenly.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
SURVIVORS FROM
THE LOST EALING.
Nine Men Reach Canso After
Terrible Exposure in an
Open Boat.
ENSHROUDED IN THE^E.
Few of Those Who Reached
Port Can Recover From
the Hardships.
MANY PERISHED ON THE WAY.
Captain Meek of the 111-Fated Steamer
Among Those Who Succumbed
to the Cold.
CANSO, Nova Scotia, Jan. 10.— A boat
from the wrecked steamer Ealing reached
here just as night and a furious snowstorm
were closing in on the coast. The boat
contained nine survivors of the wreck in a
deplorable condition and the story they
tell of their sufferings since Monday even
ing, when their ship was wrecked, ia
thrilling. The sad particulars can only be
gathered from them with difficulty, as all
are severely frostbitten, some unable to
talk, others in delirium.
From Second Officer Thomas, although
his sufferings are intense, was gathered
the following particulars:
The ship struck about (5 p. m. Monday in
a dense vapor, hiding everything from
view. They were unable to see land or
lights and were going at quarter speed.
An hour afterward it was necessary to take
to the boats, as the ship was settling fast
and the sea was very heavy. They were
unable to get the starboard boats clear, as
the ship listed to .starboard.
The port boats were cleared, and Cap
tain Meek, with the first engineer, second
officer, boatswain and fourteen others, got
in the largest boat, while the first officer,
second and third engineers and three sea
men took the smaller boat. For several
hours they hung by the line to the wreck,
the smaller boat astern the larger one,
spray and vapor covering the boats and
«nen with a sheeting of ice.
Toward daylight they saw the foremast
of the wreck go by the board, and the ship
settled after it. Then the sea began
breaking heavily around them, and they
were obliged to let go in the hope of reach
ing shore. They soon lost sight of the
small boat, and concluded that she could
not have lived in the sea that was running,
and her crew of six had probably perished.
The large boat, in charge of Captain
Meek, was unable to pull to shore and lost
its spar and rudder in the effort to make
sail. They were obliged to drift before
the eale and two of the men succumbed to
exposure during Tuesday night. The
captain and Fireman Wilson died yester
day morning and later in the day the first
engineer and three others expired. To
day at noon, as they caught sight of land,
the ninth of the crew, an apprentice
named Gilroy, died.
AU the dead were consigned to the sea
to keep the heavily iced boat from sinking
and make room for the living to work. It
is scarcely possible that the rest of the
men can recover, so far gone are some of
them.
JACQVES ST. CEHE ARRESTED.
Accused of Being One of the ltlach-
mailers of Max Lehautty.
PARIS, Feaxce, Jan. 10. — In connec
nection with the blackmailing of Max
Lebaudy, the youne millionaire who died
recently while serving his time in the
army as a conscript, the police this morn
ing searched the residence of M. Rosen
thai, who, under the norn de plume of
Jacques St. Cere, has charge of the de
partment of foreign politics in the office
ot the Figaro.
Afterward M. Rosentbal was taken
before Judge Meyer at the Palais de Jus
tice, who lenghthily questioned him.
Judge Meyer then conferred with the Pro
cureur de la Republique, and afterward
ordered that M. Ro«enthal be imprisoned
on the charge of attempted extortion.
AFFAIRS OF HAWAII.
Releasn of Eight Political Prisoner*
Front Oahu Jail.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Jan. 2 (via Vic
toria, B. C, Jan. 10.) — On New Year's
morning the eight remaining political
prisoners were released from Oahu prison.
They were Guillioks, Ward and Bowler,
with Wilcox, Wise and three natives.
Each of the men had sent letters to the
executive earnestly expressing the sense
of their error and promising loyal support
to the Government. General satisfaction
is expressed at this result.
Captain Anderson and Passenger Gaile
of the captured opium schooner Henrietta
have been sentenced to eighteen months'
imprisonment and $500 tine. The cook and
three sailors each ot three months and
.$ r ioo fine. An appeal has been taken on
technical points.
The Gazette Company has destroyed its
issue of the December number of Julian D.
Haynes' Hawaiian Magazine because of
its "immoral and indecent" contents.
On the 28th Kate Field inspected Pearl
harbor in the Hennington's launch.
Demi S'oinwvays in the Titnk.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 10.— In the tank of
the steamer Hermann, which arrived at
Hull from Buenos Ayres to-day, was
found tifteen stowaways. Six of them
were dead and the remaining nine were in
an insensible condition and would have
died in a few hours.
Relief fur Anneni-tns.
CONTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Jan. 10.—
A committee has been formed under the
presidency of the Sultan for the relief of
the sufferers in Anatolia. Assistance will
be rendered to all persons in need of it,
no matter what their religion may be.
Siifl<h-n Heath of a Writer.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 10.— Walter Clark
Nichols, who arrived last night from New
York City commissioned to write up Crip.
ple Creek for Harper Brothers, was found
dead in bed at the St. James Hotel at noon
to-day. The cause assigned is heart dis
ease.2
THREE SET SPEECHES
They Take Up Most of the
Senate's Four-Hour
Session.
WHITE URGED CLOTURE.
Jones of Arkansas Argued the
Silver Substitute for the
Bond Bill.
PRITCHARD TALKED ON TARIFF.
A Concurrent Resolution Congratulat
ing the People of the Trans
vaal Republic.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— There
were speeches delivered in the
Senate to-day on as many different sub
and they occupied practically tne
whole of the tour hours that the session
Lasted. They were made by the Repub
lican Senator from North Carolina, I'ritch
anl. ami by the two l>emi>cratic Senators
from California and ! White and
.lout.-. Pritchard's Bpeech (his maiden
one) was in favor of a higher protective
and it gave Hill (D.) of New York
an opportunity of pointing out the anom
aly of the State of North Carolina hav
ing recently, by one combination, elected
two Senators, one of whom (Butler) had
ed the other day that he had joined
,sts because the Democratic
had been false to its pledges of tariff
m, while the other (Pritchard) now
idvanced protectionist
llow both of these Senators
could be gratified Hill was unable to per
ceive. White's speech was in favor of
:iii amecdent of the Senate rules a*
would enable the majority to close debate
and force to a vote any pending mea-ure.
Jones is the member of the free silver
majority of the Finance Committee who
ha? charge of the substitute to the House
bond bill. He expressed his belief that
• ._o substitute would bring
relief to the country as no other measure —
either an increase of tariff duties or the
sale of bonds would; and he stated his
intention-, in reply to an inquiry, to press
: LI to a Bpeedy determination.
A concurrent resolution was offered by
tbe late chairman of the Committee on
:n Relations, Morgan (D.) of Ala-
Dama, and was referred to that committee
without discussion, conveying the earnest
congratulation of the people of the Tinted
States through their representatives in
press to the President and people of
the Transvaal republic on tueir success in
establishing a free representative govern
ment republican in form, and in defend
ing their rightful libertie-.
After the transaction of some routine
morning business Pritchard (R.) of North
Carolina addressed the Senate in advocacy
of an amendment intended to he offered
by bim to tbe emergency tariff bill. The
amendment is to impose or increase duties
on clays or earths, lime, marble and stone
and their manufacturer, chromic ore, iron
ore, timber and lumber, leaf tobacco, live
animals and agricultural products.
Hill ( D.) of New York replied to Pritch
ud'g speech, although he did not, he said,
intend to open up a tariff discussion. It
was somewhat difficult for this Congress
to gratity the people of North Carolina.
That State had Bent recently to the Senate
two distinguished gentlemen, elected sub
stantially at the same time, by the same
body and by the sann.- combination. One
of them (Butler), in his speech the other
day, had arraigned the Democratic admin
istration for being false to its pledges of
tariff reform and had given that as his
reason for leaving the Democratic party
ami joining the Populists. Now came the
other end of tbe combination and said that
the people, ot North Carolina were extreme
high protectionists and wanted the re
nient of the McKinley act. He
(Hill) did not know how both of these
iSenators could be gratilied. 'Laughter.]
On motion ot Hale (R.) of Maine, it
was ordered that when the Senate adjourn
to-nay it adjourn until Monday next.
White (I).) of California, then ad
dressed the Senate in advocacy of his own
and Senator Hill's resolutions to amend
the rules so as to establish the cloture
system. In the course of his speech,
White gave several ludicrous instances of
how in the recent history of the Senate,
action had been checked by the infliction
of unending speeches under a rule which
the Senate tolerated "in defiance of senti
ment and sense.' 1
Morgan (D.) of Alabama, a member
of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
offered the following concurrent resolu
tion, and had it referred to. that com
mittee:
toed by the Senate, the House of Repre
sentatives concurring. That the people of the
United States of America, through their repre
sentative in Congreaa ass-eniblea, convey to
the President and the people of the republic
of the i ransvaal their earnest congratulations
upon their success in establishing free repre
sentative government, republican in form,
and iv their opposition to any foreign power
that denies to them the full enjoyment of
those rightful liberties. The people of
America, having realized through the favor of
God and of nations the blessings of govern
ment based upon the consent of the governed,
entertain with confidence the pleasing hope
and belief that the principles of self-govern
ment will he securely established through the
Influence of the republic of France in her colo
nies, and of the republics of Liberia and
Transvaal, founded by th<: people in Africa,
and that those republics will foster and give
linn support to the peaceful progress of
Christian civilization in the new and vast field
now being opened to the commerce and insti
tutions of all the nations oi the earth through
out that great continent. That the President
of tne United States is requested to communi
cate this action of Congress to the President of
the republic of the Transvaul.
The House bond bill, with its free silver
substitute, was then taken up, and Jones
(D.) of Arkansas, having charge of the
substitute, addressed the Senate in its sup
port. He expressed the belief of the ma
jority of the Finance Committee that the
substitute would bring relief to the coun
try. The sale of bonds as proposed in the
House bill could, he said, accomplish no
good result, and would, in his opinion, be
productive of much evil. The laws now
on the statute- boons would with the re
vival of business produce ample revenue.
The change needed was not in the revenue
laws, but in the financial condition of the
people at large. If a means could be de
vised ot relieving the present embarrass
ments there would be no difficulty about
the condition of the Government or of the
revenue*.
Jones finished his speech at 3:50 p. m.,
having occupied au hour aud a liua iv its
delivery. It was listened to with manifest
attention and interest on the Democratic
side of the chamber, but the Kepublican
Senators paid it scant courtesy.
An inquiry was made by Teller (K.) of
Colorado, as to the degree of speed pro
posed to be made with the bill and as to
what time was to be given for its discus
' sion. Jones replied that so far as he was
■ personally concerned he proposed to defer
i to the wishes of the friends of the bill in a
1 great measure. He would be glad to have
the bill pressed as rapidly as possible and
to have it passed at the earliest possible
day. But he had no desire to cut off any
j Senator on either side who wished to dis
i cuss it. And, in view of the fact that he
! had been assured by a number of Senators
1 that they wanted to speak on the bill, but
j were not ready, he might say that he
would not ask for a vote for at least several
days.
At 8:50 the Senate adjourned until Mon
day next.
A?IEXJJJJ\G THE JtULES.
| Some of the Proposed Changes Defeated
in the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— The
discussion of the amendments proposed to
be made to the rules of the House by the
Committee on Rules, upon which the
House entered to-day, for a time appar
ently threatened to extend over a week's
session. But it was only a diversion. Hep
burn (R.) of lowa proposed an amendment
making it obligatory upon the Speaker to
recognize a member who addresses him in
accordance wit!) the rule, and said that the
prevailing practice smacked too much of
the schoolmaster in t lie chair of the
House.
The motion was antagonized by Hender
son (R.) of lowa, in charge of the commit
tee report, on the ground that no other
custom was practicable than that which
obtained of permitting the Speaker to de
tenu ire who should be recognized and who
Bhonld not.
Bell (Pop.) of Colorado expressed his
gratification at Hepburn's motion, illus
trating what he claimed to be the unjust
effect of the present practice by asserting
that not since the session opened had a
Populist member been recognized by the
Speaker. He denounced the committee
assignments made by the Speaker, de
scribing the present organization and
management of the House as that of a
"body of bosses; a body of tyrrany."
At the conclusion of Bell's speech Hep
burn raised a general laugh by dramatic
ally withdrawing the amendment.
Henderson (It.) of lowa reported the
changes in the rules recommended by the
Committee on Rules, and the House pro
ceeded to consider them seriatim. The
first amendment was one specifically
directing the cierk to pay officers and
employes their salaries, a provision
adopted from the rules of the Fifty-second
and Fifty-third Congr<
The next amendment struck out the
provision requiring the sergeant-at-arms
to give a bond in the sum of $50,000, and
was agreed to.
It was proposed to amend rule 2, in ac
cordance with the rules of the last Con
gress, so as to permit the Committee on
Rules to sit at any time and to prelude
any dilitory motion upon the consideration
of a report from the committee (save one
to adjourn) until the report was dis
posed of.
Crisp (D.) of Georgia said that when that
rule was proposed in the b ifty-second Con
gress gentlemen upon the Republican side
expressed themselves earnestly in de
nouncing it as the methods the Democrats
proposed for gagging the minority. He
was in favor of the rule then, was in favor
i of it now, and he only wanted to con
gratulate the Republicans upon having at
last reached that point where they were
i willing to admit that a Democratic rule
was a proper method of procedure.
' [Laughter.]
SpeaKei RepJ— l imagine that the feeling
is mutual. [Renewed laughter.]
This rule indicated the committees that
had leave to report at any time. They are
those on Rules, Elections, Ways and
Means, Rivers and Harbors, Public Lands.
Territories, Enrolled Bills, Invalid Pen
sions, Printing and Accounts, besides the
committees having charce of the general
appropriation bills.
Walker (R.) of Massachusetts, endeav
ored to secure the same privilege for the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
Bailey (D-) of Texas, for the Committee
on Coinage, Weights and Measures. This
led to a wide discussion of the relative
importance of the several committees of
the House, but by an aye and noe vote
of 111 to 183, they rejected Bailey's amend
ments, Democrats and Populists voting for
it, and Republicans generally against it.
On Walker's amendment to insert the
Committee on Banking and Currency, the
vote was: Ayes 112, noes 100. As in the
former vote, Democrats and Populists
voted for the amendment and Republi
cans, with few exceptions, in opposition.
The adoption of the proposition of the
Forty-seventh Congress to regulate the as
certainment of a quorum was discussed
upon legal lines by several lines.
In response to the views of Bailey of
Texas, who maintained that a bill must re
ceive the affirmative votes of a majority of
the House in order to pass, Speaker Reed,
who took a brief part in the discussion,
said if Bailey's position was correct, he
mu?t hold that no bill could pass the
House receiving less than eighty-nine af
firmative votes. The discussion continued
until 4 :15, when the House adjourned until
to-morrow.
for Bxniiizns' guidance.
Statement of the Treasury Jiepartment
a a to Inter eat on Bond*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— The
Treasury Department to-day, for the guid
ance ot intending bidders to the new $100,
--000,000 loan, made public the prices upon
February 1, 1898, of United States four-per
cent bonds, maturing February 1, 1892,
corresponding to certain realized rates of
interest to the investors: Two and a half
per cent, 130.8749; two and three-quarter
per cent, 124.9234 ; three per cent, 119.3229;
three and one-sixteenth per cent, 117.H74'.>;
three and one-eighth per cent, Uti.6471;
three aud three-sixteenths perccnt.lls.339l ;
three and]a quarter per cent, ll4. os(Xi; three
and live-sixteenths per cent, 112.7814;
three and three-eighths per cent, 111.5310;
three and seven-sixteenths per cent, 110.
--2992; three and a half per cent, 109.085G;
three and nine-sixteenths, 1U7.5900; three
and live-eighths per cent. 108.7121; three
and eleven-sixteenths per cent, lOj.5 r »l*j;
tliree and three-quarters percent, 104.4082;
three and thirteen-sixteenths per cent,'
103.2816; three and seven-eighths per cent,
102.1716: tiiree and fifteen-sixteenths per
cent, 101.0778; four percent, 100.0000.
21 O OFF! CIA /> AD VX CBS.
The A'avy Department Awaits Further
JVetea From the llaltimore.
WASHINGTON, I). C, Jan. 10.— No offi
cial advices have reached the Navy De
partment concerning the terrible expe
rience of the cruiser Baltimore in the
China Sea which resulted in the death of '
two men and injury to seven others. The
news of the calamity came to the de
partment in a United Press dispatch and
the Navy Department expects official ad
vices by the next mail steamer from Hon
olulu, which point the Baltimore reached
in safety. Her delay in reaching San
Francisco has been commented on for sev
eral days at the department, but no bint
was given of the apprehension, felt.
■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY Jl, 189 G.
THROUGH SAN CARLOS
Efforts of the Southern Pa
cific for a Right
of Way.
NO HOPE IN CONGRESS.
President Cleveland Would Cer
tainly Veto the Bill a
Second Time.
AFTER THE PRODUCTIVE LANDS.
Arizonans Anxious That Most of the
Reservation Be Opened for
Settlement.
Washington, p. c, Jan. iq.-the
Call correspondent to-day investigated
the report that the Southern Pacific was
trying to condemn a right of way through
tin' San Carlos (Apache Indian) reserva
tion, Arizona, for a branch railroad with
out compensation to the Indians. No such
bill has yet been introduced in Congress.
The proposed road is about 140 miles in
length, from Bowie (on the Southern Paci
fic) to Globe. In the last Congress a bill
was passed condeming a right of way with
out jiaying the Indians for the land, but
this was vetoed by President Cleveland.
It is understood that the railroad will
not repeat its attempt to pass this bill
through Congress, as Cleveland would
veto it again, but the railroad is bringing
pressure to bear on the Interior Depart
ment. The Apaches were located on San
Carlos reservation merely by executive
order, according to ex-Governor Murphy,
delegate from Arizona, and the Interior
Department can segregate their lands and
open the same to settlement if it chooses,
but Murphy has deemed it best to have a
bill passed by Congress directing the Sec
retary of the Interior to segregate these
lands and open the surplus acres to settle
ment.
The reservation embraces about 4000
square miles, and Arizona people, who are
clamoring for its segregation, claim that
the Apaches only occupy about 500 square
miles, the best part of which is in the
bottoms of Gila River.
They want seven-eighths of it opened to
settlement. Delegat" Murphy has intro
duced a bill for a survey of th<> reservation
by the Interior Department and a segrega
tion of the lands occupied by the Indians
from those acres unoccupied and providing
that the surplus lands be open to settle
ment. Delegate Murphy says the northern
part of San Carlos reservation contains
rich coal, copper and other mineral
deposits, which would be valuable to
whites but not to Indians.
This is the territory which the Southern
Pacific wishes to tap. They will make no
further attempt to get their right of way
from Congress until they have failed to
induce the Indians to give their consent
for a consideration. It is understood that
the Interior Department will send an in
spector to San Carlos to ascertain the feel
ing among these Indians.
It is altogether improbable that the
Interior Department will arbitrarily
( without the consent of Congress) grant
this right of way, and it is equally im
probable that Congress will pass any such
act with a certainty that the President
would veto it. So the railroad must gain
consent of the Indians before they can
build a road through the San Carlos
reservation.
CAMIXETTI'S <lOOI> WORK.
Maguire Ttllit of the Efforts to Defeat the
Juutling Hill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.—Chair
man Powers of the House Pacific Roads
Committee has notified Representative
Maguire that he would be given a hearing
in opposition to any funding scheme.
Maguire will introduce in the House, as a
substitute for any funding bill that may
be offered by the committee, the bill in
troduced by Representative Caminetti in
the last Congress, with some modifica
tions. He does not have any idea what
bill the committee will report, but it will
be some sort of a funding scheme. Maguire
said to-night:
"I am glad to see that The Cai.t, has
editorially recommended that Mr. Carni
i:etti be selected by the committee of fifty
as one of the representatives to come to
Washington to oppose the passage of the
funding bill, because, in my opinion, no
man can be sent from California who could
render us more valuable assistance in that
behalf than Mr. Camineiti. His work in
defeating the funding bill in the Fifty
third Congress wa3 of very great import
ance, and I have never lost an opportunity
since that fight to commend his efforts.
To select him now as one of the committee
to go to Washington in this matter would
not only be the best thing that could be
done for California, but it would be a tit
tine recognition of his valuable services in
the past in the 3ame matter. Mr. Cami
netti was not only zealous and untiring in
his worK against the funding bill and other
schemes of the Southern Pacific in the last
Congress, but he wag self-sacrificing as well,
and in order that the case of tne Pacific
Coast may be strengthened by being fully
and connectedly presented, repeatedly re
frained from speaking, and gave to me the
time to which he was entitled on the floor.
"He realized, of course, that if each
member of the delegation should speak
during the five minutes' debate a series
of disconnected fragments would be made,
rather confusing than enlightening the
House; whereas if one member of the
delegation were given all the time he could,
even tinder the five-minute rule, make a
tolerable presentation of California's ob
jection to the funding bill. The arrange
ment and my selection for the purpose of
making tne argument was the secret of
my prominence in the fight against the
fnnding bill, but it is due to other mem
bers of the delegation that it should be
understood by the public. Without dis
couragina the work of any other member
of the delegation, I think that Mr. Cami
netti's fight against the funding bill in the
Fifty-third Congress was particularly effec
tive, and that his constant and zealous
efforts deserve the recognition suggested."
SJEXATE FIXAXCJi COMMITTEE.
The Tariff Bill to Be lteported as It Came
From the Jlmts- .
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— There
will probably be no meeting of the Senate
Finance Committee until next Tuesday,
the regular meeting day. The Republican
members say that at that time they ex
pect to report the tariff bill just as it came
from the House. They understand that
Junes of Nevada will no longer insist upon
the imposition of the additional 15 per
cent on raw sugar. Allison and Aldrich
of the committee are both out of the city
for a few days.
BOWERS' BILL APPROVED.
An Amendment to the Plan of Giving
Itights of Way-
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 10.— The
House Committee on Public Lands to-day
reported favorably Representative Bowers'
bill to amend the" act approved March 3,
1891, granting a right of way upon public
lands for reservoir and canal purposes by
adding thereto the following:
"Section 2. That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and thereby is, authorized and
empowered under generai regulations to
be fixed by him, to permit the use of right
of way to the extent of twenty-five feet, to
gether with the use of necessary ground,
not exceeding forty acres, upon cublic
lands and forest reservations of the United
States, by any citizen or association of citi
zens of the United States for the purpose
of generating, manufacturing or distribu
ting electric power."
i^n California and elsewhere small towns
and cities located in valleys can utilize
electric light and power at minimum cost
it allowed the right of way across Govern
ment lands in the foothills of the moun
tains, as this bill permits. Secretary Hoke
Smith says:
"I see no objection to the amendment
suggested by the Commissioner, providing
that right of way through forest reserva
tions may be authorized under regulations
to be adopted by the Secretary relative to
the use of grounds for the purpose of gen
erating and distributing electric power.' 1
J'EATI'JtES OF THE TAItIFF JLAW.
Arguments Made Before the Hays and
Cleans Committee!
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— Mr.
Summerville, a member of the Board of
General Appraisers, addressing the House
Ways and Means Committee on the ad
ministrative features of the tariff law this
morning, favored amending the law re
; gardini* the assessment of additional
duties so as to take from the Secretary of
the Treasury the power to remit penalties
assessed for undervaluation. He would
limit the additional assessment to 100 per
cent of the appraised value of the mer
chandise.
T. S. Sharretg, also a member of the
Board of General Appraisers, suggested
that the law be amended so as to allow the
board to determine the value of such poods
by the price at which they were freely
offered for sale in the United States. The
committee then adjourned until next
Wednesday.
PILOTS FOR WAR VESSELS
Secretary Herbert Does Not Favor
Their Employment by
the Navy.
Navigating Officers Are Now Taught
to Become Familiar With
All Home Ports.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. ML— Some
time ago San Francisco pilots petitioned
the Navy Department through Senator
I'crkins that Government vessels be em
powered to employ pilots on entering or
leaving the port of San Francisco as freely
as if in a foreign port, or according to the
practice of foreign vessels at our own ports.
The entire California de legation indorsed
this petition, but Secretary Herbert to-day
replied as follows in a letter to Senator
Perkins:
"The regulations of the navy now pro
vide that captains of men-of-war shall
take pilots when they consider it neces
sary, but they require that officers shall
pilot their own ships under all ordinary
circumstances. This may be considered
the settled policy oi the Navy Department.
The reasons for it are many. First, the
piloting of ships gives an officer self-conti
dence, teaches him to rely upon himself in
difficult circumstances and makes it nec
essary for him to be familiar with the
entrances to our home ports, which is
most important; second, were our officers
dependent upon the services of pilots in
time of war it might be possible for a pilot
wiio was hostile to our interests to gain
control of one of our vessels and by running
the ship ashore do great damage to the
Government. This is not meant in the
slightest degree to reflect upon pilots,
whom it is the policy of the department to
encourage as far as it legitimately can, but
the danger of such a thing is self-evident.
The department does noi believe it is the
practice of other governments to employ
pilots more freely on vessels of war than is
done in our own service.
"The English Government allows to the
navigating officer of his vessel who pilots
his ship into port the pay which would
otherwise go to a pilot, and this is con
ceived to be for direct encouragement of
their officers to assume this responsibility
and to become familiar with the channels
of their own ports. However, it should be
noted that the regulations leave the cora
rn and ing officer of the ship perfectly free
to determine when the service of a pilot is
required. Such pilots are sometimes taken
when entering San Francisco Bay in
thick weather, but in clear weather the
facilities of the entrance to this harbor are
such that it would be impossible for the
department to consider the employment
of a pilot a necessity. To require or to
allow commanding officers to take pilots
at any and all times would tend materi
ally to injure the habit of self-reliance,
which is naturally one of the first qualities
of a good officer, and would prevent his
thorough familiarity with the entrances to
our harbors, which is deemed by the de
partment to be its duty to encourage so
far as is in its power."
SITES lOIt FORTIFICATIOXS.
The lljrpenditure of a Million Dollar*
.Required at Once.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.—Gene
ral Oraighill, Chief of Kngineers, laid be
fore the Senate Committee on Coast De
fenses yesterday detailed estimates of the
money that can be profitably expended by
the Bureau of Engineers during the pres
ent and next liscal year at the ports of
New York, San Francisco, Boston, the
lake ports ana at the Atlantic coast ports.
He also gave a statement of the condi
tion of work at the present time at each of
the ports named, from which it appeared
that at but very few of them had any work
been done, owing to the lack of appropria
tions. The question of sites for the forti
fications was then taken up by the com
mittee. It was stated that at least $1,000,000
is required at once for the purchase of
sites for fortifications.
To Prosecute I'eralta-Rcnvii.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.—Attor
ney-General Harmon has appointed Mat
thew G. Reynolds, Department of Justice,
a special Assistant United States District
Attorney for the Northern District of Cali
fornia, to prosecute James A. Peralta-
Renvis for perjury.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Jan. 10.— At the
close of business to-day thn treasury gold
reserve stood at $56,100,164. The with
drawals of gold at New York to-day
amouated to $1/520,000.
BRYAN HAS A PLAN
Says Democratic Senators
Could Compel Free
Coinage.
HOW TO FORCE CONSENT.
One Method of Blending the
Tariff and Silver Bills
Into One Measure.
CAN OVERRIDE THE PRESIDENT.
The Nebraska Editor Declares That if
Republicans Refuse the Party-
Will Be Injured.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 10.— The World-
Herald will to-morrow morning publish
an open editorial letter to the silver Demo
cratic Senators, signed by the editor-in
chief, Hon. W. .T. Bryan, in which he pro
poses a unique plan for union to secure
free coinage. He says:
"Circumstances have placed it within
your powei to compel Republican leaders
to consent to free coinage or admit that
their love for the gold standard is greater
than their affection for a protective tariff.
The Republicans, having a two-thirds ma
jority in the House of Representatives, can
assist in passing over the President's veto
any bill which can command two-thirds of
the votes of the Senate. The Populists,
with eleven Democrats, can give the Re
publicans a two-thirds majority in the
Senate. The Republicans of the House
have passed a tariff bill which they say
would be a sure cure for our financial ills,
if the Senate and President would only
consent to its becoming a law. The Senate
will doubtless pass the free-coinage bill re
ported by the Finance Committee, but
even if it should pass the House the Presi
dent would veto it.
"Desperate cases sometimes require he
roic treatment. Are there eleven Demo
cratic Senators who believe that the imme
diate restoration of bimetallism, even bur
dened by the tariff legislation proposed by
the House— unnecessary and, unjust as it
is— would be better for the country thaii
the present tariff schedules embarrassed
by bonds and the gold standard? If so I
suggest that they, together with the live
Populists (who would doubtless favor the
plan) offer to furnish the Republican .Sen
ators enough votes to carry over the Presi
dent's veto a bill combining the tariff bill
passed by the House and the silver bill re
ported by the Senate Finance Committee.
If the Republicans of the House agree to
such a bill the President cannot prevent
the restoration of silver to its ancient place
by the side of gold, nor can he prevent the
enactment of a tariff law which the Re
publicans of the House have declared to
be a sufficient remedy for the present treas
ury difficulties.
"If the Republican leaders refuse to ac
cept a tariff bill when coupied with a free
coinage bill it will be an admission that
the maintenance of a gold standard is, in
their opinion, more important than a pro
tective tariff. In other words, you can
compel the Republicans to accept free sil
ver or reject their own tariff measure. If
they accept we shall have the free and un
limited coinage of silver and gold. If they
refuse the Republican party will be rent
in twain."
siiith, mi: nvJiAx kixg.
lie lias Decided Sot to Establish a Ite-
Jittery in ICngland.
NEW YOHK, N.Y., Jan. 10.— William
H. Chickering of Oakland, Cal., arrived
from Europe on the Majestic Wednesday
and is registered at the Holland House.
Chickering is a well-knowji lawyer in San
Francisco. He went abroad in September
last as the legal adviser of Frank H.
Smith, the "Borax King" of the Pacific
slope.
It was generally reported that the object
of Smith's visit to England was for the
purpose of breaking the borax trust in
London. This was aenied by Lawyer
Chickering yesterday. Nearly all the
mines from which borate of lime is pro
duced in this country are owned or
controlled by the Pacific Coast Borax
Company. The greater part of the stock
in the company is owned by Smith, and
the mines now being worked are situated
at Daggett, San Bernardino County, Cal.
"For some time past," said Chickering,
"Mr. Smith had been contemplating es
tablishing a refinery at Liverpool or some
other point in England, to enaole him to
refine the raw material, which could be
shipped from these mines on the Pacific
Coast, and sell the manufactured article in
Europe. He alsocontempiated organizing
a company under the laws of Great Britain
for the purpose of handling the product of
the American company, and it was with
a view to examining these matters that
Mr. Smith went to Europe. After exam
ining into the condition of the borax mar
ket in Europe he was satisfied that it
would be better for him to sell the raw ma
terial to the outside refiners than to equip
and carry on his own refinery. He is now
in the south of France, and has not sold
any of his borax stock, nor was nis trip to
England in connection with his railroad
enterprises in California."
rnosECVTiox of bolz,in.
Placed in Jail on Two. Charges of Em
bezzlement.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 10.— Mayor W. J.
Broatch, who was inaugurated Wednes
day, notified the Assistant City Attorney
this afternoon to prepare a complaint
against Henry Bollin, ex-City Treasurer,
charging him with embezzlement, and at
5 o'clock Bollin was arrested. There were
two complaints, one relating to an item of
$35,000 in the school fund, and the other
an item of $2000 from the city. As soon
as other complaints are prepared they will
be tiled against him. The total amount
of the defalcation is $115,000, but criminal
action cannot be brought for the whole
amount. Bollin was taken to the City
Jail and placed in a cell and no attempt
was made to bail him out.
SULVIIiE OF SHIFT.
The Officer Had Ao Bud Habits and
Struggled to Support a Big Family.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 10.— Much sym
pathy is expressed in the army for Lieu
tenant Swift, who committed suicide at
Fort Robinson. He served through the
war in the telegraph corps and was an
expert. When the signal corps was reor
ganized he was transferred to the line.
He had no bad habits and struggled to
support his family of ten and a daughter
and her two children, who are also de
pendent upon him. If he took any funds
it must have been to eke out his pay as
second lieutenant to provide for theml
Harriaon'u Summer Hesort.
ROME, N. V., Jan. 10.— Ex-President
Harrison, who spent a portion of last sum
mer at Dodda Camp, First Lake, Fulton
Chain, was so well pleased with the North
Woods ttiat he has bought of Dr. Sev.-ard
Webb about twenty-five acres of land at
that point, where First and Second Lakes
join, and will build a cottage, which he
expects to have ready for occupancy next
summer.
VERY OUJSEIiOI S XHIEf BS.
Willing to Jtctum the Jturden Jewels to
the Owner.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 10.— The Times
this morning says: It was announced yes
terday that I. Townsend Burden had been
in communication with burglars who on
December 27 stole from his residence dia
monds and jewelry worth over $50,000. He
offered a reward for the return of the sto
len property. In rep4v the thieves offered
to return the jewels provided $5000 was
paid and there was no attempt to arrest
them.
Assurance was given that the jewelry
had not been broken up, and that it would
be returned in the condition it was when
stolen. The suggestion was made that
one of the small stones would be returned
to show tnat the senders of the letter were
in a position to do as they agreed. Burden
caused a personal to be inserted in a news
paper yosterday calling on "Layer ,"
which'was the "signature of tne writer, to
give proof by sending a piece of jewelry or
settinE;. He* had received no answer to his
personal last night. He said he would
make sure he was dealing with the right
parties before going further.
SUIXG FOR THEIR SHARE.
Sons of Ferdinand Helm Seetc an Account
ing.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 10.— F. A.
Heim and George M. Heimof Los Angeles,
Cal., brought suit through their attorney,
W. R. Bacon, in the Probate Court to-day
against the estate of the late Ferdinand
Heim, the millionaire brewer, who was the
head of the Heim Brewing Company.
The plaintiffs are the sous of Michael
lleim, brother of the late Ferdinand Helm.
They assert that their father and Ferdi
nand Heim were equal partners in a busi
ness which resulted in the large estate
which Ferdinand Heim left at his death.
They say that Ferdinand Heim continued
to conduct the business without a division
of interest after their father's death, ami
they ask for a hali interest in all of Ferdi
nand Heim's estate.
The estate includes property in St. Louis
and East St. Louis, the: large brewery in
the east bottoms and ranches and other
properties in California.
NOT PREPARED FOR WAR
Venezuela Alarmingly Deficient
in Cannon and all Kinds
of Ammunition
Suggestions Are Made That Europeans
Be Added to This Country's
Commission.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 10.— A cable
dispatch to the Herald from Caracas, Vene
zuela, says:
It is learned on excellent authority that
the supply of cannon and ammunition in
the possession of the Venezuelan Govern
ment is so small that even with careful re
striction in practice it is likely soon to be
exhausted.
Where in one instance manifests upon
their face showed that the Government
had bought 50,000 cartridges, examination
proved that only 4000 were in store. It is
believed that there is a dangerous leak
somewhere. The cartridges are said to
have been obtained from a man named
King.
The arrest of political suspects continue.
LONDON, Eire., Jan. 10.— In an inter
view to-day N. G. Burch, the Venezuelan
Consul here, said that if the United States
wisiies to make the Venezuelan High Com
mission unassailable it should appoint one
or two European members, because of the
necessity of an exhaustive study of Euro
pean archives.
It is obvious that a war would be very
disastrous to Venezuela, even were the
latter backed by the United States. He
did not believe, however, that the United
States would be so ill-advised as to make
Venezuela the scene of war, for in that
case the protection of the United States
would bej disastrous to the country's inter
ests, whatever might be the result of the
conflict.
The Chronicle will to-morrow publish
an interview with Lord Playfair, in which
he suggests that a conference be held be
tween American and English delegate?,
for the purpose of denning, the Monroe
doctrine and of carrying through a system
of arbitration.
PARIS, France, Jan. 10.— The Ganlois
publishes a report of an interview with
General Guzman Blanco, formerly Presi
dent of the republic of Venezuela, in which
he says:
"I have absolutely retired from politics.
The allegations that I am concerned in an
insurrection in Venezuela is an absurd
calumny, circulated by persons who are
my enemies. Moreover, in the struggle to
maintain the integrity of our rights, all
parties in Venezuela are merged into one
national party, which rightly supports
President Crespo."
Grants to Railroads,
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 10. — The
Secretary of the Interior to-day approved
the following grants of lands to railroads:
To the Northern Pacific, 53,558 acres in the
Vancouver and Spokane Falls district,
Washington; 241,218 acres in the Lewis
ton (Mont.) district; 23,383 acres in the
Vancouver (Wash.) district, 73,552 acres in
Washington; 79,342 acres in the North
Yakima and Walla Walla district, Wash. ;
18,661 acres in the Spokane Falls district
to the Oregon and California Railroad
21,813 acres in the Roseburg (Ore.) district
NEW TO-DAY.
Loss of Manhood.
pURED IN TWENTY DAYS DV DR. EDI-
*- SON'S ELECTRIC BELT AND VITAUZEK
or money refunded. ■ _
It cures loss of sexual N?^ #g£IS«V
power, seminal loss at •s^?^Er i^S^W
stool or with urine; it /xl <^'sb : *M
stops nighily dreams \] "t* 1 "7*. Jr
and loss of vitality, V ( x^**' V
cures vai'icocele, rheu- L \ .' ' 1 ts^.
matism, kidney and t li \\
bladder trouble. Dr. if _=^**" f^\ f\
Edison's Electric Belt \&SO^ T . I l v '\f"-\
and Vitalizer Is Ka- ' / / fhvtr \
ture'a remedy. They. \/j/ J
give new life to weak- . \l//^a£fsaL^/
ened organs. The cur- -- *
rent of Dr. Edison's '-53^
Electric Belt is felt in- |g§L ( //'/(I £
stantly upon appiica- S :^^^J> Ip 4 J\ \y%[
EDISON'S ELEC-^^^«. M m, A»
TRIC r.ELT AMI -^^Sffla
VITAMZKR cured "<%&»**
me of nervous debility in thirty days. My cage was
a very bad one, and the effect and cure was siniDlv
wonderful. W. M. HAWLET, 711 Jones street.
From every part of the country come thankful
letters written by those who have been lifted into
vigorous health and strength by Dr. Edison's Elec-.
trie Belt and Vitalizer. A bottle of Vitalizer sent
free. Send for circular. For sale by
GEO..DAHLBENDKR. A CO.,
Druggists, -14 Kearny street, Pan Francisco, Cal
VICTORIA REJOICING.
Safety of the Australian
Steamer Miowera
Assured.
SURVIVED HEAVY GALES.
The Liner Sighted by the Warri
moo Near the Hawaiian
Islands.
HAD LOST THE STRATHNEVIS.
Proceeded on Its, Way After a Vain
Search for the Disabled
Freighter.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 10.— The Cana
dian-Australian steamer Miowera, which
broke towlines off Cape Flattery while
attempting to bring the disabled steamer
Strathnevis to port, and about whose
safety grave apprehensions have been felt,
is safe.
The Warrimoo of the same line arrived
this morning. She reports that she passed
the Miowera 100 miles south of the Ha
waiian Islands. The Miowera reported
that after her towlines broke she stood by
in the vicinity for fifteen hours searching
for the Strathnevis, and then, being un
able to find the big steamer, proceeded on
her voyage, which had already been greatly
delayed.
It will be remembered that after towing
the disabled Strathnevis for several days
the towlines broke in a gale off Cape Flat
tery. The Miowera signaled to the Strath
nevis that she would stand by her all night
to help her if possible. When morning
broke the Miowera was not in sight and
when the Strathnevis was subsequently
towed into safety by another steamer her
captain reported the disappearance and
said that something might have happened
to the Miowera. The discovery a few days
aco of one of the Miowera's lifebuoys,
with considerable other wreckage, near
Cape Flattery caused a feeling of much
anxiety among shipping men.
The Miowera arrived at Honolulu at
noon on January 31, seven days overdue.
She reported the efforts made to save the
Strathnevis, essentially as they have al
ready been told, up to the night when the
two steamers parted. The report says:
"We got her within about forty or fifty
miles of Cape Flattery, when a very heavy
westerly gale was experienced, and ■while
attempting to tow the steamer seaward
one hawser parted at 12:30 a. m. on De
cember 23, and the other parted half an
hour later. During the night the steamer
was lost sight of. After keeping in the
vicinity for fifteen hours, the gale and
tremendous sea continuing, we were to
tally unable to do anything further toward
the safety of that vessel. The circum
stances were such that we had re
luctantly to head the steamer seaward
for our own safety, after having gone in
shore as far as safe with the sea theu
running.
"Then, tfhen all hope was abandoned,
we proceeded, en route to this port, ex
periencing a rough and blowy passage.
Nearly forty-eight hours were lost on the
19th and 20th. The last seen of the
Strathnevis was in a squall at 4 a. m."
NEW lODAT.
More than one way of losing money.
What Bret Harte said of the "Heathen
Chinee" is true of the "Cheap Tailor."
No wonder they're in partnership! "For
tricks that are vain," etc., this amphibious
animal— half tailor, half clothier— takes the
belt.
If your money is too good for "Celestial"
support let us show you what clean and
full-blooded style and quality a little
money will get you in American goods.
All-wool, perfectly fitting suit, $7 50 (with
'made to order" wool over your eyes
would pay $10 and $12); elegant Suits, $10
to $16.
Try us on mail orders.
CALIFORNIA'S
BEST
will generally
bear comparison
* with the world's
finest. It is so
with her best shirt
—the STANDARD.
Californians may
point with pride
to this home pro- .^A^
duct, for it has tTr^TSi
i a j «• t«ao« 7
only one stand- || ■«**>)
ard of excel- : | JMjHL )
lence — Per- I rTr-i
fection.— vTI^IPIJI i
Neustadter Bros., Mfrs., S.F. > i^J'^f •
8K PX*J Gibbon ' sl)i spensary.STATE CAPITOL NEWS
The Apportionment of the
School Fund Made
Public.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
Militiamen to Vote for Lieuten
ant-Colonels and for
Majors.
EXAMINERS PASS UPON CLAIMS.
Public Funds Likely to Be Invested
in the New Issue of Gov
ernment Bonds.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 10. — The
following apportionment of the State
school moneys has been made by S. T.
Black, Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion. Accordinc to his report the total
number of census children between 5 and
17 years of age entitled to receive school
money is 323,130; amount per child, $6 15;
amount apportioned, $1,957,249 50; amount '<.
an apportioned, $l'J7u 73. The apportion
ment* follows :
A.ameda *173,171 70
Alpine . r.U4 SO
A id ad or 16.70340
llutte 25,879 'M
Calaveras. 10,180 155 !
Colnsa. 13,40085
Contra Costa 22,718 10
l>el Norte 3,437 85
El Dorado 12,988 SO
45.663 75
• ■it-nil .... *."*.'.".! !.!.!]'.'..'. 8 856 00
Hamboltlt 3.4.624 15
I :i\ ,> 5.91 25
Kern 17,79] »5
Kings 13,253 -■">
L»Ke ....... ....■•••■•«•.... ■ 10.: —0
■ 6,987 20
Los Aiipeic5..' .'.'!.......".".'.'.".*..'.!...... 210.606 75
Mailers 9,268
Mario 10,62960
Virlpoßa. 6,617 40
Memlocitio 29,722 95
Merced 12.410 70
Mudoc 8,0! 8 05
Mono 1.8 15
Monterey 32,004 60
Napa 21,697 20
Nevada. 26,026 HO
Orange 29.667 60
Placer 20.169 70
l'lunias 5,89785
Riverside... 25,84230
Sacramento 49,6 30
San H.-nito 12, 39 85 I
Sail lit-rnarilino 37.693 35 '
Kan l>i--i;o 50.134 80
San Francisco 430,! 90
San .lomium 45,159 45
San Luis obispo 31.77090
San Mateo 17,902 65
Santa Itarliara 29.083 35
Santa Clara 85,097 . .">
S:inta Cruz 34,089 -;.">
Shasta 21,924 75
Si erra 6,190 i. il
Siskiyou 19,175 70
Solano 1:7,404 40
Sonoma F8.733 75
Stanislaus 14.1tr9 60
Gutter . 171» 50
Teliama 16.168 35
Trl nltv 4,403 40
Tv tare • 33,855 -.-.
Tuoimnne 9,729 30
Ventura 22,090 80
Yolo 22,09080
■* aba 12,576 75
Total .$1,987,249 50
In connection with the foregoing. Super
intendent Black has issued the following j
report from Controller K. P. Colgan:
Jloti. Samuel T. Black: In compliance with
law, I hare the honor to report as follows: The
securities held in trust by, the state Treasurer I
for the support of common schools consist of
bonds of the State of California aggregating
$1,526,500, together with bonds 01 various
counties of the State amounting to $2,127,550,
which are described as follows:
state funded debt bonds of 1873. 6
per cc n t .$1,526,500 00
Fresno County bonds. 6 per cent 51.000 00
(ilonn County bonds. 4^ 2 )..-r cent... 69,000 00
Ilumboldt County bonds. 9 per cent. 25.000 00
llumbulrtt County bonds. 7 percent. 25,000 00
Inyo County b. ads, 5 percent 42.000 00
Kern County bonds, 6 per cent 106,000 00
Lake County bonds. 5 cent 47,800 00
Los Angeiea Count v bonds, 4Vi per
cent.. 235,000 00
Los Angeles County bonds, 5 per
cent 210.00000
Mitrln County bonds. 5 per cent .... 48,0U0 00
Mendocino County bonds, 41 2 per
cent 65.50000
Merced County bonds, 41^ per cent.. 800 00
Mono County bonds, 5 per cent 6,000
Monterey County Ijond-s 5 per cent.. 75.000 00
Placer County bonds. 5 percent ..... 000 00
tiacramento County bonds, 4 ; 3 per
cent ...... 262,00000
Sacramento County bonds, 6 per
cent 13,10000
Kaeraoiento County bonds, 4 per
cent HO.OOO 00
San Diego (.ounty bonds, 5 percent.. 140,300 00
.-;ill DlegO County bonds, 41/3 per
cent ". " 93,000 00
Ban Joaquln County bonds, 5 per
cent 83,000
San Luis < ibis] County bonds, 5 per
cent 16,000 00
San Luis Obispo County bonds, 8 per
cent 30,000 00
Santa Clara County bonds. 6 per cent 24,500 00
Santa Clara County bonds, 4 per cent £>3,0t'0 00
Santa Cruz County bonds. 41-: per
cent .. 114,000 00
Shasta County bonds, 5 percent 60.000 00
Tehama County bo ds. 6 per cent.... 37,000 00
Trinity County bonds, 5 per cent 20,750 00
Total (securities held In trust for
school fund $3,654,050 00
The money in the State Treasury belonging
to the State school fund, subject to" apportion
ment is ,988,920 25, as follows:
Amor.! : unapportioned July 2, 1895. $1,427 82
deceived from property tax 1,498,040 77
Received from poll tux 213,475 20
Received from interest on lands 35,645 32
Received from interest on bonds 125,211 52
Received from tax on railroads 44.141 87
Received from tax on collateral in
heritances 70,922 05
Keceived from sales geological re
ports 17 50
Total $1,990,822 05
Less amount paid on restitution of
interest on lands sold, not the prop
erty of the State 1,96180
Net amount subject to apportion
ment $1,988,920 25
K. P. Coi.gan, Controller.
REGIMESTd 7, EL ECTI O\S.
Guardsmen Soon to Vote for Lieutenant-
Colontl* and Major*.
SACRAMENTO, Cat., Jan. 10.— The fol
lowinc letter issued from headquarters
to-night is the concluding move in the
perfection of the latest sytem in the reor
ganization of the National Guard of the
It was concluded best by both the
commandes-in-chief and adjutant-general
that the first move in reorganizing was to
elect colonels and after the men had set
tled down to regimental organization to
order the election of lieutenant-colonels.
In furtherance of this idea the brigadiers
will receive the following letter by the
next mail :
By the formation of battalions into roe;
ln each of which a colonel lm
duly elected, the purposes of the board pi loca
tion and organization, a»«et forth In General
Orders Nos. 17 and 18, C. 8., this office, nave
U Into effective operation.
It la the desire of tne coininander-in-ehief
that t: ■ : be no furthey delay In com
pleting the regimental organization. To this
end be directs that brigade commanders will
immediately order elections lor licutenant
colonelsand majors in each regiment oi their
tlve brigades. Attention la invited to
sections 1984 and 1985. Political Code. Very
respectfully, ADJUTANT-GKSKBAL Bakrf.ti.
J'l N-V/.s JOKJtAS'S CLAIM.
Examiners Endeavoring to Arrange a
Just Settlement.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 10.—Attor
neys T. Curl Spelling and Alexander Laid
law appeared before the State 'Board of
Examiners this afternoon for the purpose
of urging the rights of the claim of Dennis
Jordan against the State in the sum of
$79,000 for work performed in erecting tbo
State Prison at Fo'.som. It is desired to
gain the countenance and recommenda
tion of the Hoard of Examiners in favor of
this claim, which is to be presented before
the next Legislature. The claim has suc
cessfully sailed through five different ses
sions of the legislative bodies, only to be
pocketed on the shoals of gubernatorial
vetoes. The only adverse criticism against
the claim is because of the number of ad
ditions which nave been tnade to it in its
checkered passage, and it was this fact
that gained for it the gubernltorial veto of
the present executive.
After considering the pros and cons of
the matter it was referred to Secretary
Markley, who was instructed to ascertain
the amount legally due Contractor Jordan
from the State, for there exists no doubt
but that there is legally due him a large
amount.
The Kovalev claims came up for con
sideration, but as some of the claimants
were not armed with legal exponents the
matter was postponed until the next meet
ing.
Secretary Markloy was instructed to
correspond with Secretary Carlisle and
ascertain the modus operand! of purchas
ing $2000 or $KOOO worth of United States 4
percent bonds, there being a large amount
of State money lying idle at tne present
time.
GRIEF OF A SEATTLE MAN.
Believed to Have Committed Suicide After
Learning the Fate of Relatives in
Armenia.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 10.— Crazed with
grief, having received a letter this morn
ing from his aged mother informing him
that his brother and brother-in-law had
been murdered, the writer and daughter
narrowly escaping death at the hands of
thirsty Turks in Armenia, Jules
Phillippo, "an intelligent Armenian, dis
appeared from the Riaito store, where he
was employed, and the supposition is that
lie has taken his own life.
.etter conveyed the further in form a
t on that out of a population of 3000 in an
interior town more than two-thirds of the
inhabitants had recently been massacred.
Mrs. Phillippo'a property, valued at s3o,ooo,
was destroyed.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Dismissal of the Proceedings
Brought Against Justice
Dwyer.
The Rose Fair to Be Ruled by a Fair
Poetess — Burglars Admit
Their Crime.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 10.— The pro
ceedings instituted by W. L. Frost to oust
W. H. Dwyer as Justice of San Jose town
ship, on the grounds that he had collected
excessive fees, appropriated public moneys
to his own use ana neglected the duties of
his office, were dismissed by Judges Rey
nolds and Lorigan, sitting in bank, on the
ground that there was no intentional
wrong done and that the charees were in
sufficient to constitute impeachment pro
< eedings.
In discussing the testimony given in
the case the court held that there was a
lack of evidence to show criminal intent
or malfeasance in otiice. In reducing a
line after judgment the Justice erred, but
he did not protit by it, and it was similar
to many other errors committed by Justices.
The collection of $4 upon the tiling of a
case when the new fee bill prescribes a tee
of $:2 was not of itself a criminal act, since
the same matter was causing litigation all
over the State. Moreover, it l.c should be
removed for this and the Supreme Court
held the new fee bill unconstitutional,
Dwyer would be out of office and the court
could not reinstate him.
A > to the fine of $."> 45, alleged to have
been collected and not turned into the
County Treasury, the evidence failed to
show more than a faulty system of book
keeping. The clerk of the court had
marked the line suspended, but the Jus
tice (and he was supported by other tes
timony) said he reported it collected. The
other line complained about had been paid
in. The Justice showed this to be so and
claimed that he paid it in when he re
ceived it, the delay being caused by delay
in collection.
The Judges agreed and held that if any
thing was demanded the complainant had
: i i i »:•:€* recourse at civil action or through
the District Attorney or Supervisors, and
that the Superior Court was not war
ranted in removing Justice Dwyer on ttie
evidence.
CA R-\J VJkJL J't.AT URES.
A J'oeteta Instead of a Queen Will Rule
the Revelers.
SAN JOSE, Cat-., Jan. 10.—Arrange
ments have been made for a polo contest
during the carnival week of roses in May
between the Eurlingame and Riverside
polo teams.
Friday, May 8, of carnival week has
been set apart as Educational day, and the
exercises on that day will he under tne
direction of Stanford University.
It is poposed to have a carnival poetess
instead of a carnival queen and action in
the matter will be taken at the next meet
ing of the committee.
Rurglara J'lrad (iuilty.
SAN JOSH, Cat..,' Jan. 10. — Thomas
Jones and John Shaffer, who robbed the
cabin of Manuel Facheco, near Alviso, a
short time ago, when arraigned this
morning in Judge Lorigan's court entered
a plea of guilty. They asued to be sen
tenced at once^ but, owing to a dispute as
to whether the crime wes burglary in the
first or second degree, sentence was post
poned until Monaay.
Sentenced for House- Tireaklng.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 10. —John E.
Burke, who, in company with Samuel
Francis, looted the residence of li. V.
Morehouse in October last, was to-day
sentenced to three years in San Quentin
by Judge Lorigan. After the conviction
of Francis, Burke withdrew his plea of not
guilty and pleaded guilty of burglary in
the second degree.
Sues for a Diroree.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 10.— Cora Lee Ber
nal to-day began suit in the Superior
Court against Raymond Bernal for divorce
on the ground of desertion. They were
married in San Francisco in 1892.
Drowned at Santa Monica.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Jan. 10.— The
body of Archibald Mcßeth was washed
ashore here this morning, it having evi
dently been in the water at least a week.
Mcßeth had been a member of the Soldiers'
Home for some time, and had been absent
without furlough for the past two weeks.
'1 hr Coroner's jury brought in a verdict of
accidental death by drowning.
Echo of Oie Carson Scandal.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 10.— Joseph Lange
| via, the principal witness in the trial of
James Heney, the latter having been re
cently convicted of stealing bullion from
the United States mint, was to-day placed
in the County Jail to be examined to-iuur
row as to his sanity.
Jl'ayned by nu Albuquerque Judge.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mi;x., Jan. 10.—
Judge Collins this morning appointed
Churles AY. Smith receiver of the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad, the appointment to
take effect February 1.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
SANTA YNEZ HOMES
Land on a Mountain Range
Open to Prospective
Settlers.
FARMS FOR THE MANY.
Virgin Soil That Will Laugh a
Harvest When Tickled
With a Hoe.
CHANCE FOR HOMESTEADERS.
Something About the Unoccupied
Tracts Brought to Notice by
"The Call."
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 10.— The
United States land office at Los Angeles
has been besieged with inquiries regarding
a certain tract of Government land close
to Santa Barbara and open to entry, which
was described in The Call several weeks
ago. Many requests for information have
also reached the local office of The Call
in this city.
It had long been supposed that all de
sirable Government land in this vicinity
was tiled upon years ago, and the an
nouncement that there was still a chance
for people to establish homes upon the
public domain ana close to civilization
caused a wave of excitement. Several
settlers have already availed themselves of
the opportunity offered. On the other
hand, ''land sharks" and surveyors, who
have either had their eyes upon this tract
or who do not propose that people shall
have the chance of settling anywhere
without paying fees into their pockets,
have asserted that the statement was un
reliable and highly colored, and that, as a
matter of fact, this tract consisted of bar
ren, rocky md worthless land, incapable
of cultivation.
Tin: ('ail correspondent has visited this
land and is prepared to speak authentically
of its character. It is situated on the top
of the Santa \'nez range, at an elevation
of 1500 to 2500 feet. A half mile from its
eastern boundary are excellent roads lead
ing down into the valley. The range Bat
tens notably in this vicinity, and while it is
true that a considerable quantity of the
land is "on edge," consisting of steep and
rocky hillside or abrupt srtilches, and that
ti. ere are other barren and stony tracts, a
considerable auantity is level or lightly
rolling, with deep, rich soil. No other
range intervenes between it and the ocean,
and the view from all points is picturesque
and beautiful in the extreme. There are
many springs of water, although to supply
a large population it would be necessary or
desirable for settlers to combine. The
frost rarely touches he re; the land is ex
posed to the sunshine and the climate the
year around is delightful. In fact the
summit of the Santa Ynez will at no dis
tant day be known as a great sanitarium.
There is a rich growth of oak and cha
parral on the tract. In every K">o acres
there are from two or three to forty or
fifty acres of the best tillable land suitable
for growing any variety of deciduous tree-
fruits, berries or early vegetables. Olives
would thrive almost anywhere.
The drawbacks to settlement are the
lack of connection with a road, the need of
developing a water supply, the altitude
| (which latter has its compensations), and
the distance from settlements. No one
should go upon it without being prepared
to make the necessary improvements and
to wait several years for an income from
the property.
An Eastern surveyor, a resident of Santa
Barbara, who lias carefully platted the
tract and is acquainted with its character,
will locate actual settlers upon it free of
charge. Considerable valuable land in
close vicinity to this has been dishonestly
acquired by dummy settlement, one man
alone having come into the possession of
1000 acres m this manner. Such parties
are naturally interested in keeping out
honest settlers.
yox-i'AßrisAy reforms.
Vroinincnt Mm Combine to Work for
Purity in I'olitirs.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 10.—
Consternation in local politics has been
caused by the announcement that a non
partisan political club has been organized
with some of Santa Barbara's most promi
nent citizens at its head. Those who are
hungrily looking for otiice at the forth
coming elections, or planning to signalize
themselves by gieat political service at the
next National election, are dismayed at
the prospect that a power as formidable as
is this unexpected element has entered
the arena and threatens their control.
As a matter of fact this organization
does not number an office-seeker in its
personnel, but is made up of men who are
dissatisfied with, the careless manner in
which iocal politics have hitherto been
abandoned to wire-pullers and olfice
seekers, while the better class of citizens
has looked indifferently on, rarely exert
ing itself to go to the polls and never
interfering with corruption and self
seeking in the interests of good govern
ment. The men who have come out of
their retirement to form this club number
some of the leading bankers, professional
and business men, and they not only pro
pose to begin work at the primaries, but
to see that the very best citizens are called
out. Trie result of this movement will
probably be a series of surprises and the
smashing of slates.
OIiJECTED TO A DOG.
Why a Hotel Manager Lost Distinguished
Guests.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 10.— W.
J. Reynolds of Philadelphia, a retired
capitalist, accompanied by the Misses
Charlotte and Kate Davis of Philadelphia
have arrived in the private car Coronet
from San Diego. The car is magnificently
furnished in hard woods and upholstered
in velvet, plush, and a line piano is one of
its adornments. Adclina Patti used this
car during one of her farewell tours of the
United States.
Mr. Reynolds and party arrived here at
noon with the intention of remaining sev
eral days. Their stay will be shortened
through inability to secure accommoda
tions atthe leading hotel, the management
refusing to permit a dog belonging to one
of the young ladies to be domiciled in a
room with its owner.
lIOLLIXTICIt AFJTitAY.
foreman I.ynn. of th* Miller Ranch
Hacked With an Ax.
HOLLISTER, Cai.., Jan. 10.— William
Lynn, foreman on Henry Miller's ranch
here, was attacked by P. L. Goba, a dis
charged employe, early this morning.
While Lynn's hand was resting on a
wagon wheel, Goba his thumb
off with an ax. A second blow cut the
wrist, and a third shattered Lynn's skull
over the left tern pie, making a wound seven
inches long. Seven pieces of bone were re
moved. Lynn is still unconscious, and
his recovery is considered doubtful.
Goba is in the county jail. Lynn is well
known on the Southern racing circuit as a
trotting-stable owner.
CAPTURE!) AT PETAZUMA.
Officers Apprehend the Trenton JPostofftee
Robbers.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 10.— The two
men who robbed the Trenton postoffice
Wednesday night were captured here this
afternoon by Marshal Collins and a posse.
They had come into town presumably to
get something to eat and were recognized
by a boy who worked in a store at To
males, in Marin County, which was looted
by the pair.
One of the men is an American named
Norton and the other a Mexican named
Morrel. They are supposed to be the
burglars who robbed a store at Freestone a
few" weeks ago, securing $f>oo in cash.
When captured they had a horse and buggy
in their possession, and the officers are en
deavoring to ascertain where the outlit
was stolen.
JAIZJEIi AT HOLLISTER.
The Trader of a San Juan Burglar Gang
Captured.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Jan. 10.— David
Giraldo was lodged in the county jail this
afternoon. Early this morning he was
detected tampering with the safe in the
Taix butcher shop at San Juan. Taix fired
two shots at him but mijsed. By the flash
of the pistol the prisoner was recognized.
San Juan has heen subject to a long
string of burglaries this winter, and Giraldo
is supposed to be the ringleader of a
thieving gang. When searched, a com
plete outfit of burglar's tools and two
pistols were found upon him.
ARIZONA ROUTE CHANGE
Colonel Crocker Outlines the
Plans of the Southern
Pacific Road.
He Admits That the Statements Pub
lished in "The Call" Were
Correct.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. 10.— Colonel Fred
Crocker and J. Sloat Fassett, ex-Collector
of the Port of New York, left Phcenix in
Colonel Crocker's private car to-night,
their destination being San Francisco.
Just before the train pulled out Colonel
Crocker consented to an interview, the first
since his arrival in Phcenix. lie and Mr.
Fassett expressed themselves as much
pleased with the climate of the Salt River
Valley and the commercial possibilities of
Phcenix, Mr. Fassett stating that he might
invest some money in local enterprises,
probably irrigation.
When asked about the proposed change
of route of the Southern Pacific system
Colonel Crocker admitted the truth of the
statements published in The Call, but he
said :
"We cannot tell how soon. The en
gineering difficulties to be encountered are
t:rt':H, and it will require some little time
to build it. It is true that this proposed
change would make the route to the coast
fifty miles longer, but we presume this will
be mure than compensated by the added
scenic features.
"We recognize of course that financially
it is better for the Southern Pacific to run
through this rich country rather than
through the desert, as n does at present.
"We propose to Start a surveying party
over the proposed route late in the spring,
or as. soon as the snow is off the moun
tains. We did not intend this information
to become public property at this time,
but since it has been published I can see
no harm in admitting ttie truth of the
statements "
JAILED AT LOS ANGELES.
Claims of a British Subject That
He Was Incarcerated With
out Cause.
Sensational Charges That Threaten to
Result in International Corre
spondence.
LOS ANGELES, Cai... Jan. 10.— British
Vice-Consul ('. White Mortimer is making
an investigation of a case involving dam
ages, and which may result in interna
tional correspondence. The affair arises
over the treatment a British subject
claims he received in the Los Angeles
City Jail.
J. L. Fitzgerald, an Irishman, claims
that about 7 :'.iO o'clock on the evening of
September 15 last he was arrested at First
and Main streets, on what charge he does
not know. Fitzgerald desired to ascertain in
order to secure witnesses at hand then,
but the policeman refused to enlighten
him and commenced to heat him. Fit/.
gerald admits that he resisted and claims
the ofticer had no right to take him to jail
unless he informed him on what charge.
When Fitzgerald was placed in the
patrol wagon he claims he was kicked,
beaten and knocked about. He says a
policeman kicked him in the face. At the
City Prison he was thrown into a cell and
tola he was crazy. He was knocked upon
the head by a trusty, bound and gaeged
and cold water thrown upon him. lie was
left in this condition, he claims, for rive
hours. At midnight the jailer came to
him and took him to another cell, where
he was placed on a mattress. The next
day he could not speak and his whole body
was a mass of bruises ami cuts.
MEDALS FOR TTTIiA.BE COUIfTT.
Awards Received at ihe Cotton State
Exposition.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 10.— Senator R.
Linder of Tulare has received a letter from
Philip Baier, who has been in charge of
the California exhibit at the exposition in
Atlanta, stating that the Lewis Creek
ranch, in this count} 1 , received a gold medal
for navel oranges, and also for lemons and
limes. This is good news for Tulare
county, as Porterville received a silver
medal for oranges and Visalia the only
gold medal given ior peaches dried and
in jars.
liAKERSFIELIf COSTE3IPT CASK.
./ai;...« Huntington Arrested for Talking
to a Juror •
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 10.— James
Huntington, an old and respected citizen,
was arrested here to-day for contempt of
court. He had met two jurymen, who are
trying a man named Woodrough for re
sisting an oilicer, and spoke to them con
cerning the case. His remarks about con
victing the man were jokingly made, but a
few hours later the Sheriff arrested him on
a bencii warrant, and he was put under
$500 bonds to answer to-morrow.
The Fearlfuia at Santa Crux.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 10.— The tug
Fearless, Captain ilaskell in command,
was in port a short Vime this morning.
With Mr. and Mrs. ("Vans Spreckels on
board. The boat remained in port only a
short time and thea went to Aptos.
SANTA ROSA STRIFE
The Opponents of County-
Treasurer Woodward
Satisfied.
MONEY TWICE COUNTED.
Funds Taken From the Banks to
His Office Under Police
Escort.
ARE AFTERWARD RETURNED.
Suitable Arrangements for the Custody
of County Cash Will Now
Be Made.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 10.— The
auditing committee provided by law to
make a monthly count of county funds
has made a double count of Sonoma
County's money. Thursday it was count
ed and the result sworn to and accepted
by the committee. On that day much of
the money was in various bank vaults in
the city and the committee visited each
banking institution where public funds
were deposited and went over the deposits.
After the matter was settled objections
were raised by the Treasurer's opponents
because the money was not actually pro
duced and counted in Treasurer Wood
ward's office. The officials of the various
banks in which the public funds were
placed for safe keeping requested the
Treasurer to allow a second count, to be
held in his office, to allay any possible sus
picion in the minds of the public that the
banks did not have the money in their
possession. This morning, under the es
cort of the city police force, all heavilj
armed, the major portion of $22ti,670 96
was taken from the banks and carried to
the Treasurer's office and a second count
made. The statement of the count reads:
Gold $210,970 00
Silver 1,100 96
Currency 14,600 00
Total $226,670 96
After the count the money was resacked
and, under a strong guard, taken back to
the banks again and deposited as special
deposits; in the same manner, the Treas
urer claims, as was done previous to the
present trouble.
The Treasurer has made application to
the Board of Supervisors for relief in the
premises. He prooosed two plans. One
was to hire men to guard the county vaults
if the money was to be kept there, and the
other to authorize him (the Treasurer) to
make suitable arrangements with the
banks for the future custody of the funds.
The board is now in session, and will take
action on the matter before adjourning.
A wild rumor is current that a man
prominent here in politics has promised a
member of the auditing committee the
nomination of Sheriff on the Democratic
ticket next election if he would push the
money case against the Treasurer to a
finish.
An attorney who rendered legal services
to the Treasurer's opponents attempted to
secure his fee from his employer Thurs
day, but was refused his compensation
until the county money was counted in
the Treasurer's office and not at the banks,
as was done the lirst time. This fact and
the rumor regarding the nomination for
Sheriff were doubtless powerful factors in
the determination to hold the second
count.
The suit that hns been pending against
the Treasurer has l^een dismissed.
J?jc-Suj>errisor Fool Dead.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., Jan. 10.—Ex-Super
visor Pool dieil to-day at noon at his
home at East Windsor. He was a native
Of Kentucky, (>.'J years of age, and one of
the oldest settlers in the county, locating
here in the early fifties.
YAKIMA COUNTY HOMESTEADS.
Land That Will Provide Thousands of People
With Homes to Be Opened to
Settlers.
NORTH YAK IMA, Wash., Jan. 10.—
The local land ollice has an application
from the Commissioner of Arid Lands for
the segregation of 77,180 acres of land in
Yakirua County to be withdrawn under
the Carey act. Much of the best land in
Yakima Valley— or, more properly, be
tween the Yakima and Columbia Rivers —
is included in the application, all of it be
ing carefully selected and classified, with
an abundant water supply arid a prelimi
nary line for an irrigation canal which
wilt be the largest in the- world.
The acreage included will furnish homes
for, in round mini be rs, 40,000 people, al
lowing each family 20 acres, which is a
generous estimate for irrigated land. In
addition to this about 30.000 acres of State
selections under other acts are covered by
the line of the canal as run.
The work of selecting the lands and
making a preliminary line for the canal
has b en quietly going on since the exist
ence of the commission.
ASHORE NEAR CARMANAH
An Unknown Four-Masted Ship
Thrown High Upon the
Beach.
Heavy Seas Prevent Assistance Being
Given by a Steamer Which
It Signaled.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 10.— The steamer
Princess Louise left last night for west
coast points. She arrived at Alberni this
evening, and reports a large four- masted
ship ashore twelve miles west of the Car
manah light. The crew signaled for as
sistance, which could not be given on ac
count of the high seas. The snip was on
shore and breakers were outside of her.
There was no danger of her going to
pieces. Her masts were ail standing, with
topsails still set. Telegraphic communi
cation to Carmanah light is interrupted.
Captain John Irving, commodore of the
Canadian Pecific Navigation Company,
wires from Alberni concerning the ship
reported ashore:
"The ship was headed to the westward,
apparently inside a reef, as we saw seas
breaking "heavily outside her, though no
sea? appeared to be breaking over her.
Her bows seemed to be down about level
with the water and her stern high up. She
was painted lead color on top and red
below, square- rigged on three masts, top
sails and staysails still set and all four
masts and yards intact. It was gettin. j
dusk and she signaled the Louise with
flashlights. It is quite close to where the
Michigan was lost about two miles to the
eastward. A heavy sea was running all
the time and it was getting dark. We
could do nothing for her, as we had to take
care of our own steamer."
SI7KA IX XO DAXGEJB.
Threa letting* of an Vprlsing Confined to
a »tit Renegade Indians.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Jan. 10.- A
resident of Alaska, arriving on the steamer
Al-Ki yesterday, is authority for the state
ment that the report sent out from here
and Portland relating to the possibilities of
an Indian uprising in Sitka, as a result of
the recent brutal murder of an Indian
Marshal ihere, were exaggerated. The
authorities acted promptly in punishing
the offenders, and they were all safely
under lock and key before the genera!
public knew anything about the crime.
The sensational talk about life for a life
was made by the lenegade contingent
which hangs around rumshops and re
fuses to make an honest living. Among
the better class of Indians there was no
excitement, the people knowing that the
law would be enforced in the case against
the prisoners. The trial has been set for
an early date; meantime the prisoners are
in jail with the other offenders.
VANCOUVER'S SEXSATIOX.
Arrest of a Prominent Math on a Charge
of Arson.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 10.— Robert
Barker, a real estate agent, has been ar
rested here, charged with burning a block
on Granville street.
Barker put a bailiff in the house of a
tenant, and the tenant in revenge swore
that Barker had paid a bad character $50
to burn the building for the insurance,
and afterward, finding that he (the tenant)
knew all about it, attempted to bribe him
to leave the country. The case has caused
ereat excitement in the city, as Barker is
widely known in the province, having
accumulated a large amount of property
in the big boom of five years ago.
TRAGEDY AT RIO VISTA
Joseph Dadami Ends His Life
With a Bullet From
a Rifle.
Domestic Troubles Believed to Have
Deranged the Unfortunate's
Mind.
RIO VISTA, Cal., Jan. 10. — Joseph
Dadami, proprietor of the California Hotel
at this place, committed suicide this morn
ing by shooting himself witn a 22-caliber
rifle, the bullet passing through his heart.
Previous to the shooting he stabbed him
self several times in the breast, but did not
succeed in reaching a vital spot. At the
time of committing the deed lie was un
doubtedly out of his mind.
Dadami's domestic life has of late been
unhappy, and about two weeks ago his
wife left him, going to San Francisco and
taking with her, so it is said, a consider
able sum of money. Dadami took her
action very much to heart, and his deed of
this morning is the Bequel.
The deceased was about 36 years of age,
and had resided in this vicinity for several
years. The funeral will take place Sunday
next, and will be under the auspices of the
local lodge of Knights of Pythias, of which
he was a member.
jpuget soryirs zoss.
Lumber Trade With South African Coun
trie* falling Off.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 9.—
The revival in the lumber business of
Fuget Sound, which has been on during
the past fifteen months, steadily increas
ing during that time as a result of the
opening up of the South African country,
is seriously threatened on account of the
Transvaal trouble. Millions of feet of
lumber have been shipped from Puget
Sound to Delegoa Bay during the past
year, and there has been a steady increase
in the shipments each month.
The first indication of the probable loss
of the Puget Sound trade in this direc
tion came a few days ago, when a firm of
lumber agents here" notified that the
correspondent at Johannesburg would not
be able to make any more charters until
the threatened trouble in the Transvaal
subsided. The news is causing a feeling of
depression in lumber circles here, and is
regarded as significant of considerable loss
to Western Washington.
South American wars five years ago '
brought almost total stagnation in Pnget
Sound lumber circles, and the present
revival was caused largely by the South
African trade. A few cargoes go to Cape
Town, but the majority go direct to Dela
goa Bay, which is the natural port of
Johannesburg and the Transvaal country.
In addition to sailing vessels engaged in
this trade, several big tramp steamers, car
rying more than 2,000,000 feet of lumber
each, have carried lumber to Delagoa Bay.
" J
JIMMY DIME DEFEATED.
Bested by Eddie Connelly Before
a Big Crowd at Cleve
land.
During the Third Round the Amster
dam Lightweight's Right Arm
Was Broken.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Jan. 10.— Eddie
Connelly of New Brunswick and Jimmy
Dime of Amsterdam, N. V., met in the
28-foot arena of the Cleveland Athletic
Club to-night in the presence of 3000 peo
ple, who paid $2 50 each to see these clever
lightweights battle twelve rounds for a
purse of $12«3O and a side stake, the amount
of which will not be stated on account of
the laws against state tights. The betting
was in favor of Dime, and about $7000
hinged on the result of the contest. Con
nelly tipped an even 133 pounds and Dime
was one pound lighter. After two prelim
inary scraps the stars made their appear
ance and shook bands at 10:0tJ p. m.
Round I— Connelly was the aggressor
throughout. Dime landed a light left on the
stomach. Connelly jabbed on the nose with
his left, getting a hard right in the wind in
return. A rally followed with no damage to
cither. Dime ii"ut a terrific right on the wind
again and took a left in the face. Both missed
several bad swings and the round closed with
the men starring.
Round 2— Connelly led his right and missed.
A rally came next and both men exchanged
two hard rights. Dime landed his left on the
mouth. Connelly led left for the wind and fell
Dime then put a terrific right on Con
nelly's jaw and the men clinched. .Connelly
missed a left swing and a moment later landed
his right in the wind taking a right in the
lace. The round closed with a light exchange
and the fighting thus far had been very
Round 3— Only clever ducking saved Dime
from being knocked out in tnis round. Dime
landed a staggering left on Connelly's mouth,
and Doth exchanged lett facers. Dime jabbed
Connelly on the nose and knocked him to his
knees. When he arose he got a hot one in the
month. Connelly began to make things Inter
esting and landed several hard lefts in the
wind and over the heart, but missed the
swings with the right that would have ended
the right. Dime landed a right on the nose
and brought blood. The round ended with
Connelly ducking a right swing from Dime.
When Dime went to his corner a call was
made for a doctor, who found his right
forearm broken, and the referee accord
ingly declared the decision in favor of Con
nelly.
ARRIVE AT SEATTLE
Missing Men of the Big
Strathnevis Reach
Home.
PICKED UP BY A TENDER.
They Had Found a Refuge at
the Destruction Island
Lighthouse.
STORY OF THEIR ADVENTURES.
The Disabled Steamer Towed Away
After They Had Landed Upon
the Shore.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 10.— Purser Mc-
Donald and his companions of the Strath
nevis are safe. The party of five, consist
sisting of McDonald, Third Officer Bain
and three Japanese, which left the dis
abled steamship at 11 a. m. on December
24 on a small boat for Destruction Island,
and who were many days ago given up for
lost, are now in this city. " They wero
picked up from the island yesterday after
noon by the lighthouse tender Columbine.
All are well. The Columbine arrived in
Seattle this afternoon.
While not harrowing or heartrending,
the members of the life-saving crew, who
left the disabled liner at a time when over
200 people seemed doomed to certain
death, tell an interesting story in detail.
Of their purpose and experience Purser
McDonald said:
"Having been abandoned by the Mio
wera, whose lines parted, we hoped to reach
shore and get cable connection with
Townsend or some other r>oint and
ask for a rescue boat, as it seemed
that it was only a question of
time when the vessel would go to
piece 3on the rocks. The wind blew freshly
and we had unbroken water until within a
mile of the island. Though the coast is
rocky and most dangerous we succeeded
in making through an opening on the
south side and got ashore three hours after
leaving the Strathnevis, seven miles out
to sea.
"Finding the lighthouse-keeper we asked
him if it was safe to signal the ship to
drop closer in, so that by means of small
boats the lives of those on board could be
saved. At the same time we requested
that he get up steam on his foghorn, so
signals could be transmitted according to
a code arranged before our departure be
tween CaDtain Kuttie and myself. How
ever, about this time the foe lifted and wo
saw the Mlneola and a few minutes later
another vessel, presumably the Costa Rica,
alongside.
"We knew then that the Strathnevia
was safe, so thereafter we looked more
especially after our own welfare. AYe de
cided to remain at the lighthouse that
night and the following day endeavor to
reach the mainland by boats, but from the
next day on until a few hours before our
rescue storms prevailed, the wind blowing
such gales that no vessel could get near."
NEW TO-DAT.
At 1 s I Jff I ~j
1 TO 1
OFF
AT OUR
STOCK
TAKING
SALE!_
saipleluot ations :
1600 pairs Hand-turned and Hand'
welted Button for Ladies, assort-
ed varieties, all $6, $5 £| J jr ft
and $4 goods, reduced \l nil
to ip IiUU
Laird, Schober & Mitchell's Hand-
turned Button, pointed toe and
tips, sold elsewhere (ft J /f|ft
at $5.00. During the \/3 ||S|
sale U^IUU
French Dongola Button
tip, square and point- ftJ "f||
ed toe, worth $2.50, \ I 11 1
reduced to - - - -VI I I U
Wright & Peters' French Stitched
Louis XV heel, button, hand-
turned, cloth top, Afj S\(\
square toe and tips, \s £181
reduced to - - - -VlflUU
Heavy Goat School Shoe, splendid
wearer :
MISSES', 11 to 2 - - $1.20
CHILDS', Sto 10) 3 - - 05c .
GUILDS', sto 7), • - • Soc
*
Come early. Get your pick of
styles and sizes. You'll be repaid.
Kasts
738=740 Market Street
34
EVENTS AT FRESNO
The Famous Wootton Case
Recalled by a Suit
in Court.
WAR OF THE CHINESE.
President Lee Won Suey of the
See Yups Trying to End
the Strife.
MONEY EXPENDED FOR BRIDGES.
Supervisors Demand That a Canal
Company Reimburse the
County.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 10. — Suit was
brought to-day by Bherifl Jay Scott
st Thomas Wootton for $1250.
Thomas Wootton now has charge of the
estate of his brother, William Wootton,
the wealthy rancherwho mysteriously dis
appeared from Reedley over a year ago.
i disappearance led to the arrest and
conviction of Professor Sanders upon a
ciiar.L'e of forgery, and it was the general
belief that when Sanders was convicted of
baring Wootton's name to secure
! ossessi in of his property he was virtually
found guilty of having murdered the aged
rancher.
Sheriff Scott, acting in conjunction with
the late dtctective, A. B. Lawson, took
-.. ol Wootton's property after his dis
appearance, in addition to making vigor
arch for the missing man. Scott al
leges that the services of himself and Law
son were worth $2500, and now he sues for
his share.
TO ESIi A. CIIISL'SE WAR.
President I.cc Won Suey of the See I up*
i "in m and a Unit.
FRESNO, Gal., Jan. 10.— Lee Won Suey,
president or t^e See Yup organization of
Chinese companies, arrived from San
Francisco 0:1 this evening's train. Suey, I
in an interview with a Call correspondent
to-night, stated that his mission to this
city was to put a stop to the difficulties be
tween the See Yups and Sam Yeps, which
have been the cause of numerous dis
turbances in Chinatown for several weeks
past.
The trouble in San Francisco over the
Tai murder case was communicated
to this place, and local Chinese entered
into a light with as much vigor as was dis
played in the Bay City. The two com
panies set up a boycott against each other,
and the fieht is "still on. Suey says that
he will tell the See Yup people to cease the
warfare, and he believes that his influer.ee
will be sufficient to get his people to do so.
Then if the Sam Yepa persist in the fight
recourse to the law will be had.
Suey deprecates trouble between his
countrymen, although he says that his
company has not suffered from the boy
cott.
MIST PAI FOR BRIDGES.
Treano County* Claim Against a Canal
Company.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 10.— The Super
visors <>f Fresno County have announced
their intention of compelling the canal
comuanies not only to keep in repair
bridgea over their canals, but to pay for
bridges already built by the county and for
repairs in the pa^t. Bills amounting to
more than $8000 have been made out
against the Fresno Caaal and Irrigation
Company, which is the largest in the
county. If this law holds good it will ma
terially lessen the road taxes in Fresno
County, as the building and repair!
canal bridges costs the county thousands
of dollars annually.
Merriam Will Get -Vo Pay.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 10.— It was decided
to-day by Judge Webb that Supervisors
have no right to employ special counsel
when the District Attorney is pre
pared to attend to the business.
C. C. Merriam wa«? hired by the
-visors at a salary of $125 per
month to advise the board in rebuilding
the Courthouse. District Attorney Snow
protested. Merriam sued for his salary
and to-day lost his suit.
Cnugftt in the Act.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 10.— Augustus
Britton hurled a brick through a larce
plate-glass window of Warner's jewelry
store, on Mariposa street, at 4 o'clock this
morning and seized a quantity of fancy
silverware from the showcase. He was in
the act of decamping when arrested. The
silverware was scattered all over the side
walk, but was recovered. Britton is about
20 years of age.
I)ena Mucks Confiscated.
FRESNO, <"w.., Jan. 10.— Game Warden
Bowel! to-day intercepted and confiscated
a large number of wiM trucks killed in tlm
county and about to be shipped to the
San Francisco market. They were taken
from tin- car.- at Mendota. The law forbids
the shipping of wild ducks out of Fresno
County to market.
SOLANO HUNTERS ROUSED
The Injunction Suit of the
Ibis Gun Club the
Cause.
Why the Club Incorporated Under
the Laws of the State
of Colorado.
VAI.LEJO, Cal., Jan. 10.— The late in
junction suit brought by the Ibis Gun Club
of California, but which has incorporated
in the State of Colorado for the purpose of
getting thrir case into the Circuit Court in
San Francisco, has caused considerable
comment from the residents and authori
ties in Solano County, and in fact all over
the State of California.
This little trick of the Ibis people is
looked upon by some of the authorities,
and the people in general, as a slur on the
Superior and Supreme Judges of this
State.
It is a weilknown fact that all wild
game is State property, propagated and
protected by the State Jaws of California,
and in an interview with V. V. 'Harrue,
one of the leading sportsmen of Solano,
he asfced the representative of The Call,
on behalf of this section as well as for his
own information, 'what right or authority
has the State of Colorado to dictate to the
authorities and people of California as to
what they shall do with the game and
swamp and overflowed lands?"
He says the hunters here are not looking
after the gume In Colorado, but they are
fully competent to look after the lawci of
this State. The present game law reads
that the swamp and overflowed lands con
not be preserved for shooting purposes,
and every one knows that the wild game
belongs to the State and not to the Ibis
Gun Club.
The people in Solano County are organ
izing a sportsman's protective associa
tion, which will be composed of some of
the leading citizens of the county. It is
intended to have a membership of 500,
and the chief aim will bo to support the
late decision of Judire A. J. Buckles of the
Superior Court of " Solano County, and
also to be properly represented in the Cir
cuit Court on the 3Oth inst. to show cause
why these temporary injunctions should
not' hoid <.'ood, and to alto be in a position
to meet all opposition from Bach combina
tions as the Cordelia, Teal, Ibis and Tnle
Bell shooting clubs.
Among those interested in the Solano
County Sportsman's Protective Associa
tion are such weli-knuwii men as Dave
Hart, ex - Assemblyman Charles Dur
ner, Supervisor B. J- Devlin, Joim Stev
ens, Senator Joseph Jloyt and .1. Smith
from Benicia, Dr. W. G. Downing, E. E.
Long. J. Bryant, Ed Dinkelspiel, John
Wilson, E. D. Perkins, Dr. P. Lister and
Joe Cerklefrom Suisun, Assistant Er.gi'ieer
8. Arnold. I. N. : Assistant Surgeon
Whiting, I". B. N. ; Assistant Surgeon
Smith, U. 8. N.; Supervisor .1. 11. Mc-
Cudden, City Trustee James McCauley,
Mayor Frank O'Grady, V. V. Harrier, J.
1). Maire. Dave Be ve ridge, W« Mitchell,
visor Edward McGettigan and others
from Vallejo. who are deeply interested in
sporting matters.
The canvasback shooting along the
Napa River has been excellent for (.lie past
two weeks. Sculling is excellent at pres
ent, and is about the only way to get Dig
bags this late in the season.
The hunters hereabouts have read and
heard the story and looked upon the pic
ture of the man who said that he had shot
1865 ducks this season, and they give him
tiie credit of shooting away that number
of shells, but they credit i im '■ "*h about
one-quarter of that number of I.
PORTLAND BOYS' CRIME.
Youthful Anarchists Arraigned
for Attempting to Destroy
a Schoolhouse.
Confess That They Placed Dynamite
Cartridges in the Desks of Its
Pupils.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 10.— Fire youth
ful would-be anarchists, ranging in age
from 9 co 17 years, were up before Munici- i
pal Judge Smith to-day for robbing a j
powder-magazine and scattering dynamite
cartridges around the Failing School and
under the sidewalks. The leader of the '
gang, William Kessler, alias "Mount
Hood," admitted that he had got the
smaller boys into the robbery. The other i
boys are Jim Backenstos, Willie White,
William Dolan and Roy Kose, trie latter a
mere midget of a boy.
To the Chief of Police Backenstos and
Kessler made the astonishing declaration
that they had distributed cartridces about
the Failing schoolhouse, going so far as to
place the deadly missiles in the desks of
the pupils. Principal Rossiter's prompt
action undoubtedly prevented a terrible
calamity among the pupils.
At the conclusion of the hearing Kess
ler, Dolan and White were sentenced to
six months each in jail, but the sentence
was suspended later, and they were sent to
the State Reform School. What will be
done with young Rose and Backenstos is
not yet decided upon.
MARIPOSA MINING NEWS
County Supervisors Indorse the
California Gold Mining
Exchange.
An Amendment to the Laws Relating
to Locating Claims Is
Desired.
MARIPOSA, Cal., Jan. 10.— The Board
of Supervisors of Mariposa County, at the
conclusion of its monthly session, before
adjourning, passed the following resolu
tion :
Whereas, It is reported that a corporation
■ called the California Gold Mining Exchange has
been formed in San Francisco with the object
of promoting the development and working
to the best advantage the gold mines of the
Slate oi California nu<l whereas, there is a
: vast area oi auriferous country of Immense
value in Mariposa County aa yei undeveloped,
therefore be it
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors of
Mariposa County hails with satisfaction the in
auguration of the California Gold Mining Ex
change in so lar us It may bring special atten
tion to bear on the mining and corporation
laws, and any amendments thereof; take cog
nizancfl of the wants and requirements of the
various gold-mining districts and suggest
methods by which these wants may be sup
plied and the mineral resources of 'the State
more effectually developed, ami generally BUg
gesi and consider questions which will tend to
advance the mining interest, and it is further
Resolved, That a copy oi this resolution be
truiiMuitted to the president of the Goki Min
ing Exchange oi California.
.!. \. Adair, attorney-at-law and editor
of the Mariposa Gazette, addressed the
Board of .Supervisors and in strong terms
pointed out the desirability of amend
ment in the existing laws relating to the
location of mining claims. Since the Ist
of January claims have been located broad
cast by individuals who are strangers to
the district and Who have neither the in
tention nor the means to do any work.
One man is said to have located oetween
thirty and forty claims on the north side
uf the Merced River. The legitimate pros
pector or investor, mining on Government
lands, has the greatest difficulty in secur
ing a location without first compensating
the alleged claim-owner. Hopes were ex
pressed that The Call would use its po
tent influence in exposing the abuse and
advocating an amendment in the existing
law.
SAXTA CJtVZ SALMOX RVX.
Hundreds of lif-ep-Sca Fish Fall Prey to
Fishermen.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 10.— The bay,
in a spot a few hundred yards square oft'
the lighthouse, is black with tishing
smacks. There is an almost unprecedented
run of salmon and the fishermen are hav
ing irreat sport with them. Big schools of
the silver or kine salmon have been run
ning all the week. Five years ago the
fishermen made some light catches for
several day? at this season oi the year, but
this species of salmon in these waters
usually run in the late fall and early sum
mer months. The lish bite eagerly and
are gamy. Between 400 and oU'J were
caught to-day, weighing from eight to
forty-livo pounds each.
Thest.- fish are not to be confounded with
the steelheads, which are running up the
streams to soawn. Three hundred steel
heads have been speared at the mouth of
the San Lorenzo River in the past few
days. The other lish are the deep-sea
salmon.
IS TKOVBLE AT MADERA.
Uenrv Miller JLikrly to lie Cited for
Contempt of Court.
MADERA, Cal., Jan. 10.— The injunc
tion against Henry Miller, the cattle king,
restraining him from entering upon the
lands held under lease by Kutner £ Huff
man, and which he ignored by forcibly
taking possession of the lands, was to-day
sustained by Judge Conlcy. Miller will
probably be cited for contempt of court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
DODGED ALL QUESTIONS.
Secretary Searles of the Sugar
Trust Refused to Make Any
Answers.
STOOD ON STATUTORY RIGHTS.
As He Was Under Indictment His
Position Was Sustained by the
Court.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— The
District Attorney put Secretary Searles of
the sugar trust on the stand to-day in the
Chapman trial, but as soon as he asked
the first question Mr. Searles drew from
his pocket a written statement, which he
proceeded to read, as follows:
"Under the advice of my counsel in
respect to mv constitutional rights and
with all respect to the court, I decline to
answer this question and all others relat
ing to the transactions of which I hare
knowledge in the indictment of this case,
for the reason that 1 am myself under in
dictment in this court for an alleged mis
demeanor growing out of thesa very trans
actions.
"I have been guilty of no offense against
either law or morals in vox conduct pre
ceding; my being called as a witness before
the Senate committee. I feel it my duty
to stand upon my personal constitutional
privilege."
Tue District Attorney promptly de
manded that the witness be required to an
swer his questions, which he declared did
not relate to the proceedings of the Senate
committee; but if they did have such a
bearing, section SGOoi the Revised Statutes
would protect him.
Judge Cole sustained the defense, and
Searles was not required |to answer on the
ground that he was under a similar indict
ment. The case was then adjourned to
Monday next.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Army Officers to lie Examined for
I'romotion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 10.— The
following officers will report to Lieutenant-
Colonel Samuel B. M. Young, Fourth
Cavalry, president of the examining board
appointed to meet at Presidio of San
Francisco, at such time as they may be
required by the board for examination as
to their fitness for promotion, and upon
the conclusion of their respective examina
tions will return to their proper stations:
Second Lieutenant Harry R. Lee, Eleventh
Infantry; Second Lieutenant Edward T.
Winston, Fourteenth Infantry; Second
Lieutenant George W. Kirkman, First
Infantry; Second Lieutenant Sidney A.
Cloman, First Infantry, and First Lieuten
ant Benjamin W. Leavell, Twenty-fourth
Infantry.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Antonio Christian,
Watsonville; Thomas Shelly, San Fran
cisc t; William J. Ruddick, San Francisco.
Additional — Thomas Hollis (deceased),
Baa Francisco. Increased — Phillip Lang,
San Jose; Joseph Lanning, Yallejo. Orig
inal widow — Elizabeth Holds, San Fran
cisco.
The following Postmasters have been
appointed: Coulterville, Mariposa County.
J. 11. Kerrick, vice T. B. McCarthy, re
moved; Indian Gulch, Mariposa County,
Nicholas Solari, vice J. B. S-morile, re
moved ; La Cresenta, Los Angeles County,
11. 11. Moffett, vice A. N. King, resigned;
Volcano, Amador Courfty, Miss Albina
Cassinelii.
HEriSIOX OF liAXKIXG JLAtTS.
Contemptated in a Sill Introduced by
Senator Kelson.
WASHINGTON, D. U, Jan. 10.— A gen
eral rev:?ion of the banking laws is con
| templated in a bill introduced this after
noon by Senator Nelson of Minnesota. It
j provides for decreasing the capital stock
'■■ of bank's in cities having less than 5000
inhabitants.
All banking associations are to deposit
with the Treasurer of the United States
! interest-bearing bonds amounting to one
', fourth of their paid-in capital stock,
and upon making such deposit they
will be entitled to receive circulat- i
ing notes equal in amount to the
par value of the bonds so deposited, the
i Secretary of the Treasury being authorized I
to have printed the extra notes thus made
j necessary. These notes are to be made
payable in gold coin. All National banks
i are required to keep on hand at all times a
■ sum m gold coin equal to 5 per cent of
their circulation.
The banks in the cities of Albany Bal
timore, Boston, Cincinnati, Chicago,' Cleve
; land, Detroit, Louisville, Milwaukee, New
Orleans, New York, Philadelphia, Pitts
burg, St. Louis and San Francisco are re
quired to keep on hand 2,3 per cent of their
deposits in gold coin and money notes, and
i banks in ail other cities 15 per cent.
Sentiment Against Jane May.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 10.— A small
audience greeted Mile. Jane May last night
on her return engagement here. Soon
after she began the 3uit against the Rev.
Dr. Pullman of the First Methodist Church
for $25,000 for alleged slanderous state
ments made about Mile. May it was de
cided by the managers of the theater to
secure a return engagement of the actress
in the belief that it would in a certain way
test public sentiment in this city. But if
it were such a test it showed that the peo
ple were auainst the actress, as the audi
ence was small.
Hunts the Convention.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Jan. 10.— At thfi call of
the Business Men's League a large meet
ing of prominent citizens was held this
evening to take steps for securing the
Democratic National Convention for this
city. A lengthy resolution was adopted,
"That St. Louis wants the Democratic Na
tional Convention of 18!)'J and intends to
have it." The chairman called for sub
scriptions, and in a few minutes $30,000
was secured. To-morrow will close tfie
canvass for money.
Explosion in a Tunnel.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Jan 10.— An
explosion occurred in the Swift tunnel, on
Carbonate Hill, near Gillette, to-day, in
which a miner named lienschett of Pueblo
was instantly killed, another badly in
jured and a third is missing. A shot had
missed fire and tne accident occurred as
the workmen were attempting to relight
the charge.
Harrison Will Arfjue.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ixd., Jan. 10.—Benja
min Harrison left his home for New York
this afternoon and his secretary said he
was going to consult with other attorneys
in the California irrigation cases. From
New York the ex-President will go to
Washington to argue the cases in the
United States Supreme Court.
Smothered a Crying Child.
KENTLAND, Ixd., Jan. 10.— Albert Tol
lis, a farmer, murdered his eight-months
old child. The infant's crying annoyed
Tollis so lie placed his handover its mouth
and smothered it. Lynching ia feared.
After Twenty- Five Tear*.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 10.— David H.
Dickinson, for twenty-five years a promi
nent wholesale marble and granite dealer,
assigned to-day to Malcolm J. Browne-
Liabilities, $00,000; assets, $100,000.
Republicans of Wisconsin.
MILWAUKEE, AVis., Jan. 10.— The Re
publican State Central Committee, in
session here to-day, decided to hold their
State convention is Milwaukee, on March
LOCAL OARSMEN.
Ambition* Scullers Who Arc in Train-
ing — College Crew in
Evidence.
If nothing unforeseen nappens to
dampen the ardor of the oarsmen, the
prospects for a lively summer season of
boat-racing now look decidedly good.
Frank Fraser, a prominent member of
the Stockton Athletic Association and of
the Stanford football team, is one of the
principal promoters of aquatics at Palo
Alto nnd he is quite sure an ardent inf
terest in rowing will be developed among
the student* this year.
About two years ago interest in boat
rowing at Stanford was at a high pitch,
and a race with Berkeley wan then ar
ranged, but both universities found it a
dillicuit matter to procure a racing barge
from the local clubs and the affair fell
through.
Berkeley has been seeking a match with
the Olympic Club in four-oared shells for
some time.
The Alanieda Boating Club has elected
the following officers- President, Sansome;
vice-president, J. Lancaster; secretary,
William Henchman; treasurer, George
Greigli; captain, T. Schumachi; vice-cap
tain, George Mervy; janitor and collector,
J. Hartman.
This election practically does away with
the proposed Washington's birthday
regatta, much to the chagrin of the local
oarsmen, who had been in training for the
event for several weeks.
The elected officers cave as their reasons
for not holding a regatta that the tide on
the day in question would not admit of the
holding; of a regatta, and, secondly, that
the club has just been put on its feet
financially and it wouldn't be prudent to
incur the expense of a regatta just n»w.
Four new members were elected to the
club as follows: F. Ayers, W. t-tienhitz, G.
Ayers and Al Webb.
The ladies' crew of the Pioneer Rowing
Club are becoming such adepts in the
handling of a barge that the club has
tendered them the use of one of the racing
boats, which is lighter and faster than
their present heavy boat.
Julius Mellow, one of the old-time oars
men of the Dolphin Club, intends to enter
the next regatta with Thomas 15. Keenan,
who possesses one of Peterson's old shells.
The club is talking of selling its four-oared
lapstreak barge to the Stanford students.
The ladies' annex question has lost caste
with the members.
A new uniform has been adopted by the
Dolphins consisting of a blue silk rowing
shirt and blue sweater with "D. C." on the
breast, and a blue cap with white band. It
is proposed to hold single-scull races next
month.
To vary the programme of the regatta
already mentioned swimming races have
been arranged, and the entries a re as fol
lows: First class— J. Attridge, J. Mason,
J. Cronin, Jack Coughlin, Adam Schup
pert and Pete yon Hadlen. Second class—
T. J. Sullivan, E. Sullivan, George Sulli
van, Joseph Will, Al Laib, W. O. Patch
and Al lionarrt.
The South End Club now has three good
senior crews and two junior crews. Wil
liam McCausland came near swamping his
shell last Sunday. In taking it from the
water he fell on "top of the craft and dam
aged it severely.
An interclub regatta will be held by the
club on the 14th inst. and the following,
crews will participate:
First crew— John Mahoney, Tim Fitz
patrick, Frank Tobin and John O'Gara.
Second crow— Ed Slattery, Ed Tobin,
Al Fritz, Frank Duplisseu, and Charles
Itatto, stroke.
Third crew— James Pallas, Dan Con
nolly, Charles Cutter and Jim Fickett.
Fourth crew— Ed Barry, Al Smith, Dave
Campbell and George Bates.
ANGEL ISLAND FUNCTION
Annual Reception of Garrison No. 126
of the Regular Army and Navy
Union.
Garrison No. 126, Regular Army and
Navy Union, gave an annual reception at
Angel Island last Thursday evening. In
vited guests from the military in and about
San Francisco were largely in attendance.
Ihe programme had been carefully pre
pared and in addition to music, speeches,
recitations and song, the installation of
officers for the ensuing year was made a
feature.
Colonel D. Geary, San Francisco, who is
a general officer in the union, conducted
the installation exercises, at the close of
which he treated the audience to well
chosen remarks telling in part of his ex
perience as a military man. He noted the
great improvement that had come to pass,
not only in the regular service, but also in
the militia within the last few years. He
was followed by Captain John J. O'Con
nell, First United States Infantry, who
congratulated Colonel Geary on his great
information regarding all things militant,
and said that the National Guard of Cali
fornia certainly had an able exponent of
her prowess. Captain O'Connell, who is
himself considered one of the best in
formed army officers about San Francisco,
made many comparisons between the ser
vice a? it now is and what it was ten years
ago. He spoke of the physical, intellec
tual and moral advancement and conclu
ded that it was all due to the strict enlist
ment laws recently enacted. He brought
the personnel of nearly every civilized
army in the world in comparison and
proved the superiority of the American.
Chaplain John H." Macomber spoke at
some length on the morale of the army of
to-day, and said that the regular forces
would in the event of war be a nucleus to
the formation of an immense army. He
was proud to bear testimony to the steaiiy
advanco in morality and thought this
condition would spread among the com
panies, regiments, battalions and corps
which might in the near future be gathered
around the 25,000 men who now wear tlie
Nation's blue.
At the conclusion of Chaplain Macomb
er's remarks all were invited to partake of
sapper, wnich had been prepared in the
dining-room of the Union Hall. After
refreshment an entertainment was given
in the main hall. The First Infantry
orchestra under Professor W. G. B. Erd
ma&n lurnished the music, which with
songs by the Angel Island Glee Club,
recitations and readings made up an enjoy
able proramme. At tt^e conclusion of
these exercises the hall was put in order
for dancing.
Among those present were: Lieutenant
F. A. Wilcox, Captain J. .1. O'Connell,
Captain Charles G. .Starr, Chaplain John
H. Maoomber, Dr. William K. yon Ra
desky and wife; George K. Edwards, sig
nal corp.w, U. S. A., and wife; Richard
Backstield, San Jose; Captain Stofer, San
Francisco; Arthur Purvis, quartermaster
sergeant, and wife; Beach It. Douglass,
quartermr.ster-sergeant IT. S. A.; Rich
ard Hush, I*. £. A., and wife; John
Hcssler, commissary-sergeant U. S. A.,
and wife: Mrs. Charles Pearsall, Miss Kate
Pearsali, Miss May Hessler.
The officers who were installed last
night were: Commander, W. O. B. Erd
mann; senior vice-commander, John Wil
son; junior vice-commander, John Sulii
van; adjutant, John \V. Frazier; pay
master, Edward Close; quartermaster,
William Vh; chaplain, Arthur Smith;
officer of the day, Lewis B. Leach ; officer
of the guard, Jeremiah Cahill; officer, G.
Schlotterbeck.
An odd instrument has Just been in
vented combining a fan and an ear-trumpet.
The deaf lady, when she wishes to hear
what is being'said, folds up her fan into a
shape somewhat like the paper packets
used by grocers, and applies the small end
to her ear.
THE COUNT DE TOULOUSE
He Is Busy With Many Schemes
and Has Numerous
Callers.
A BIG SYNDICATE PROPOSED.
He Says He Is Charmed With the Cali
fornia Ladies and May Stay
Till March.
Count de Toulouse Loutrec of France,
who for over a year has been building a
section of the Russian railroad in Siberia,
lias been holding a sort of levee at the
Gailhard House for the last day or two.
The nobleman is so glad to be out of Si
beria, where, as he expresses it, t ere are
none of the beautiful femn-es to be found,
that his joy is fairly bubbling over.
He brought back loads of gold with him,
which he made by throwing dirt up in
heaps along the Russian line, but he
thinks he earned it all.
The Count has a lot of big schemes on
hand. At first be thought be would go on
to Paris and put them through there, but
now he doesn't know but he can make
them win in California. He will give the
matter a try here, anyway.
Several railroad contractors have called
on the Count. They had understood from
him that there were snaps in the building
line in Siberia, and desired to participate
in them, if the statement could bo veri
fied.
"I want to induce all the Californians
possible to go over and take contracts,"
said the Count. "I do this in a purely
philanthropic spirit, believing they can
make lots of money.
"I am also trying to form a syndicate, of
which I shali be one. to take a larger con
tract than the one I have had, which was
for but 120 miles. There is plenty of profit
in building the read. If i can accomplish
my purpose in forming a syndicate here I
won't go to Paris.
"Everything is very high in Vladivos
tok and elsewhere in Siberia. You can
ship all your old things over there and get
money for them. One thing we need in
railroad grading is some of the improved
machinery you have here. In Siberia all
the work is done by hand. We pay for
.Russian labor 50 cents a day and for Chi
nese 40 cents.
"I am now in correspondence with
bouses at St. Louis, Chicago, Boston and
other places in regard to American ap
paratus for grading purposes. I have re
ceived a number of telegrams in reply.
With these modern appliances much more
rapid work can be made in building the
road and it will be more prolitable to.those
who do the work.
li l shall not leave here for Siberia till
March. By the time I get there a good
deal of the frost will be out of the ground
and I can resume my contract.
"All kinds of manufactured goods there
are very high. The country is very fertile,
and on the route of my contract, between
Vladavostock an«l Chabarowski, it is very
fertile. Grapes and other products, which
thrive so well in California, do almost
equally well there.
"The peoole are mostly Russian peas
ants. There are very few aborigines, and
they are not exactly Tartars, as might be
expected. They are not at all inclined to
, be industrious, and therefore do not cut
much of a ficrure.
"Some of the wealthiest people are the
descendants of the old convicts. They are
good citizens. There are a good in any
Russian capitalists over there. Asfortlie
mines, they are quite undeveloped. There
is a good opportunity there to secure them,
or, at least, to work them and make money.
"I am not an experienced mining man.
j I am by profession an engineer of bridges
and roads."
Dr. Maximilien Schumann, the Belgian
explorer and naturalist, who is to explore
Thibet, and the Count were old acquaint
ances in Europe. Dr. Schumann and he
have had several lone talks. The latter is
I anxious to get all the information he can
! of the French nobleman relative to the
wild regions of Asia.
F. Erlckson, one of the contractors on the
I Pacific Coast Railroad below Guadaloupe,
is in the City, and has conferred with
Count de Toulouse in regard to going to
|»Siberia and taking a contract there. If he
j should decide to take a contract he would,
1 so he said yesterday, ship all his scrapers
and apparatus of various sorts to Vladi
-1 vostok, thence to the interior on the
'• division to be graded.
Count de Toulouse is meantime enjoying
j himself largely while things develop. The
! nobleman is »> feet 4 inches in height, and
j has a mustache which is much admired by
the ladies, for whom the Count has such
winning word 3.
CALIFORNIA'S VICTORIES
J. A. Filcher Tells of the Medals
Won at the Atlanta Ex
position.
The Exhibit Has Already Created a
Demand for Products of the
Golden West.
From time to time glowing accounts
have been published in The Call of the
success achieved by the California exhibit
at the Atlanta Exposition. Many medals
have been won and the excellence of the
exhibit has turned the attention of the
people of the East to the many natural
advantages of the West. It is to J. A.
Filcher, manager of the California State
Board of Trade, that is due the credit for
the success. No one took hold of the
matter or seemed to realize the importance
of such a display until he put his shoulder
to the wheel.
Mr. Richer in a recent letter to Tfik
Call gives considerable gratifying in
formation upon the subject. He writes as
follows:
Editor San Francisco Call—l would like to
give it) the peopio of California through The
* ai.i, a clear and concise enumeration of all
the prizes ami awards made 10 California at
the Atlanta Exposition, but it is impossible
for the reason that the diplomas have not till
been made out. and taey alone will show the
correct list. You published some time ago the
list as taken from the published report here
but that, I know, contained home errors In
the lirst dash California got away with about
seventy-hve premiums, at least three times as
many as any other State. Of these thirty-four
were highest in their class and carried" with
them gold medals.
When our citrus fruit was exposed sent in
at my request, from Porterrille, Orovillc Sac
ramento and Auburn, the Horida people de
clined to enter into competition, and the re
sult was that the Judges, with ex-Governor
Bullock at their head, inspected our elegant
display on the '20th of December, and gave to
California some twenty-odd more premiums,
and at that, sixteen of them, rumor says, nre
highest in tdeir class, and curry fold medals
We are anticipating, therefore, at least 100
premiums out of this exposition, and about
half of them as high as oould be given. Even
the exhibitors have named our space the gold
medal corner, but none of them, excepting
possibly the representatives of some other
States, are jealous, for the unanimous verdict
of all who see California's magnificent display
here is that we deserve all we got
The exhibit made by the California State
Board of Trade is admitted by exhibitors aud
visitors to be the most beautiful and most ar
tistic on the grounds. Whatever the attend
ance maybe the California State exhibit is
always Crowded. On big days it is jammed.
The fine appearance of our display ;iud the
great superiority of our products have brought
forth showers of flattering comments and ex
citi d a wonderful interest in our State.
The importation of California produce has
increased tenfold in Atlanta since we came
here, and evidence of a corresponding increase
is manliest in otner Southern centers, to say
nothing about the effect produced on the nu
merous visitors trom all the Stat s north of the '
Ohio and cast of the Alleghany Mountains.
The great muss of the visitors to this exposi
tion had only a vague idea of California and
its greiit productive capacity, and fewer of
them had a correct idea of our true climatic
character. Aided by our exhibit we have been
able to impress the truth, and the results must
be in a very large measure beneficial to our !
State. All say they would like to go, hope to
gp or are going to California, ana out of so
many inclining that way there is no ri>k. in
sayiiig that, many will sooner or later act on
the desire. I find nlso th:it among the rich I
Southerners— and there are many such— a trip
to Europe has been the popular excursion.
Hundreds such have told me or said in my
hearing that the next triD they made they
were going to California. Captain Lowry,
president of the Lowry Bonk, told me only to
day that our exhibit and our talk had given
liira a bud case of the California fever ai.d he i
supposed the only way to eet cured was to |
make the trip.
Everywhere and everyday we are confronted j
with evidence of the interest created in our j
SSt.ite by reason of the work here, mid whatever
the harvest may be, it certainly promises
abundant.
When the State Development Committee
dropped the demonstrating of the proper !
method of cooking our dried fruits the State
Board of Trade took it up and has carried it to
the close of the fair. This lias been of great j
good in stimulating a demand for this one of j
our important products.
In self-defense the Atlanta grocer finds that
he has to keep California dried and canned
fruiis in order to keep his customers. The
lectures carried on here by Mrs. McCann may
have done some good, but it is questionable.
The lady is a fluent talker, but is not as thor
oughly fortified about our State as one in so
important aud critical a position should be.
A slip of the tongue or a minatatement te de
tected by some one in the audience and made
the most of.
Then in this Southern country a woman on
the rostrum is not considered so'much in place
as possibly in some other parts of the Union.
A womanly woman and a manly man is the
bent oi Southern ainbitiuu, and I am not sure
but the standard is worthy of approval.
On the whole, however, the part played by
California here has been prominent and very
satisfactory. We in charge are enthusiastic
over the results that iiave attended our efforts,
and this enthusiasm and groat satisfaction
over the showing we have been able to make
seems to be participated in by every visiting
Californlan. I doubt if you can find 0:10 who
has been here but will tell you California heads
the roll at Atlanta. J. A. FILCHEB.
A COMMERCIAL EXHIBIT.
The State Board of Trade to Make a
Novel Showing of Manu
factures.
The Slate Board of Trade is to have what
must prove a novel, attractive and valu
able addition to its exhibit when it opens
its rooms at It! Post street on February 1.
The manufactures and trades of all the
States west of the Rockies, of the Sand
wicii and the Samoan islands and of
Alaska are to be represented. In this way
San Franciscans and those visiting this
City will learn the things they can gel
without cailins: upon the effete East. This
novel feature will have a room to itself ana
be known as the '"commercial exhibit."
Everything tne showing of which may
be conducive to the growth of commerce
will be given space. There will be shown
the different clays for pottery and the
wares produced from them. These will be
accompanied by an account of the locality
where each is found and the exient of the
deposits. Sands for glass-making and
building stones will be treated in v similar
manner.
Manufactured articles and the raw ma
terials will he shown, with a history id
their production. There will be an ex
hibition of pavements and of the sub-
Btancea employed in their construction.
Woods of all Kinds will be given a special
department and the uses of the different
kinds exemplified.
Men having products of the Pacific
islands for sale will be requested to send
samples to the Board of Trade rooms. In
this way a complete and valuable showing
will soon be prepared that will mark most
plainly the value of commercial relations
with the outside islands of the South
Pacific Ocean.
The board is contemplating a new fea
ture to insure the presence of complete
and artistic exhibits from the various
counties. The idea 13 to have a spirit of
competition enter into the preparation of
these exhibits. This will be effected by
giving cash premiums or diplomas to the
counties making the finest displays.
Another idea is under consideration
which, it is though t, will uot only widen
the scope of tne work done by the Board
of Traae, but will also serve to keep the
interest of the general public keen. This
is to take up the consideration of one in
dustry each month and offer a prize for
the one who will present to the board at
its monthly meeting the most logical and
sound suggestions as to how that trade
might be bettered through the Stute.
NEW TO- DAT.
7
Weak Kidneys, Lumbago,
Rheumatism and Sciatica
Are Cured by
dr. MiiUMa electric belt!
A strong current of electricity is felt
by the wearer every moment this belt
is on the body. It can be regulated by
a new patent regulator so as to make
it as strong or as mild as you want it.
, THE DULL, ACHING, TIRED FEEL-
-Mng that comes after standing long
on the feet; the sharp pains which shoot
along the spine, and the weakness in the
loins are evidences of relaxed, weak
muscles, which can be contracted and
vigorous strength given them by
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
It conveys a steady, soothing current of
electricity into the weakened muscles,
giving them a healthy nerve power, which
revives them. It makes them strong. It
j is curing hundreds every month. Sec whp.t
this man says:
MARTIN (Wash.). August 11, 1895.
Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir: Yours of the nth
at hand. In reply I will bay that when I got
your Belt my bank was in a fearful shape. I
was so bad that 1 could not stand up in the
morning to dress niyse'.f. I had not worn the
Belt a week when I began to change, and I am
now entirely cured and do not need the Belt
any more. It has done me more pood than pea
can tell, and I feel doubly paid for the cost.
Yours respectfully,
C." W. Murray, Conductor N. P. R. R.
IT cures Tame back
In from two to eight weeks. If you suffer
j try it. It will save you many aoctor's bills.
Book with full information free. Address
SaISDEN electric co.,
632 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours, 8 to 6;
evenings, 7to 8:80. Sundays, 10 to 1.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nH.AKI.EB H. rHILLirJS, ATTORNEY-*.?
\J I*w»1 * w » n <* >ot*ry Public, 638 Market «L, oppo.
Wone&7O.
WOULDJE MEN
And "Has-Beens" Are the Melan*
choly Fates of Too Many of Our
Younger Generation.
»
If you have erred in youth, if your eyea
I lackluster, if you have used your system
up, if you nave disordered your liver 01
misused your kidneys you should take the
Great Hudyan. You can get it for certain
diseases, bat you must first make applica-
tion to the Hudson Medical Institute.
Hudyan cures certain forms of liver and
kidney affections, impaired vitality and
loss of strength. Hudyan is efficaciom
where other remedies have failed.
-
Hudyan will &,.; 'H'j shattered nerves
stop the wasting jjjv. i;vs Hudyan is a
away of tissue S'lXxij power when
and will build up I^Viiifjjjg rightly used,
the nervous sys- 3!tt":lj!a3 You must send
tern. II v d a n wj!:liK|S for circulars and
strengthens, in- !J!Hj«$S testimonials of
vigorates and B'iy-jfi* the Great Hud-
tones the entire Bs:jjis van - Write to
system. Hudyan si il[' sag the
cures certain 5$ US ■
forms of lost ipiSS HUDSON
manhood, certain Ri'V'RS MEDICAL
peculiar cases of ffiL-J^S INSTITUTE.
■ f
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets.
LIVER— When your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should lake at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver trouble*,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives — use up their kidneys, li you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make tha
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
Bent free. __ _
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI*
noticelo^bids!
Notice Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and sale of
bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
fire and other municipal purposes, passed and
approved the 17th day of December, 1895,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
first Monday in January, 1896, and are to bo
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1897. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
| urer of the said town of Lincoln, in the said
town of Lincoln, Placer County, State of Cali-
| fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
I attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be received by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any timo
from the date of the first publication of this
; notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 1896, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
j tees of paid town to the highest and best bid-
j der for cash in gold coin of toe United States.
! The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
; serve the right .to accept or reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that i- for less
i than the face value of said bonds. Sai.i bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bondsol the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty, botu
inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must be
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
! of the Town. Treasurer of the said town of
: Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
i bonds, to whom the same are' awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
■ the purchase price payable to the said town of
: Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
i on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver Bald bonds, take up and payf or
1 same as delivered; and that a failure to take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself,
' and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and consiJered as liquidated
: damages; and said undertaking may be sued
; upon immediate in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. A deposit
: in the United States postoffice of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver said
bonds signed by the said clerk of the said town
and witn the seal of said town ailixed, ad-
dressed to the purchaser of said bonds at his
| place of business or residence as stated in his
bid for Eaid bonds, piepaid, shall be deemed
and taken to be notice to the purchaser from
the date of such deposit, and there shall also
be embodied in said undertaking the pur-
; chaser's assent to the form and sufficiency of
] such notice. ■
Dated December 31, 1895.
I F. L. Sander,?, Town Clerk.
NEW WESTERN HOTEI
KEAKNY ANT) • WASHINGTON ST=i i»if
• modeled hud renovated. KINc: \v u '.\ ' , f
Kuropean plan. Kooms £>0c to (*l sober d£ ft
to *8 p« week, $S to $30 per mouth: twi*bathi-
liotand cold waier every room; tiro * lea in %Its *THE DANCE OF THE WEEK
Successful Meeting of the Friday
Fortnightly Club Last
" Night.
BALL GIVEN AT MARE ISLAND.
Presidio Hop — The Sabin Cotillon.
Numerous Private Enter
tainments.
The dance of the week was the meeting
of the Friday Fortnightly Club at Lunt's
IJ all last eveninjr, which proved to be one
of the most enjoyable gatherings of the
season. The party was chaperoned by
Mrs. Salisbury, Mrs. Blanding and Mrs.
Pierce.
Allan Garwood Wright was the
leader ; and it was his first attempt
at cotillon leading, and if he does
as well with the next his success as
such is assured. He had for his part
ner Miss Jessie Glascock. one of Oakland's
prettiest belles and a great favorite on this
side of the bay. Huber led the orchestra,
and there were live figures, several of them
new, danced. The first was the figure
eieht: then the debutantes' march, driv
ing figure, marching figure, forming or
dissolving arch and the New Year figure,
the latter being quite pretty. The ladies
in the first set were Miss Olascocic,
Miss Daisy Van Ness, Miss Kale Salisbury^ Mi->
Susie Blanding, Miss Sophia Pierce. Miss Kertha
Smith," Miss Williams, Miss Hannah;williams,
Miss Ida Belle Palmer. The other participants
in the cotillon were: Miss Mary Bell ■ '■•■• in,
Miss Eloise Davis, Miss Kip, Miss Mary Kip,
Miss Palmer, Miss Ida Gibbon. Miss Davis
Miss Hobart, Miss Genevieve 'Wind. Miss Me-
Kutt, Miss Salisbury, Mi^s Jessie Hooper^ Miss
Landers, Miss Ma! Stubbs, Miss Juliette
Garber, Miss Alice Hag Miss Ruth McXutt,
Miss rcado, Miss Ames,*Miss Kose Hooper,
.Miss Romietta Wallace, Miss Gertie Carroll,
Morton I:. Gibbons, Louis C. Mas a, L. E. Van
Winkle. Charles Femaldi Southard Hoffman,
E. M. Greenway.l H. Sheldon: E. T. Hoiighton,
Percy King. Dwight Hutchinsoii, Douglas
Waterman, Temple Smith; Lieutenant W. K.
Smedberg, Lieutenant M. F. Davis, Lieutenant
John \V. Joyes, John Barnes. Thomas Taylor,
II P. Dutton. Maxwell McXutt, Georire Davis,
11. F. Dutton, George de Long, Philip Tomp
kins, Bryant Grimwood, Harry Scott. Walter
S. Hobart. Kay Sherman, Lloyd. Breckenridge,
and many others.
The next meeting of the Friday Fortnightly
will take place January iU. The cotillou Will
be led by E. M. Grcenway. The '• ip-year co
tillon. 0:1 February 13, will be led by Miss
Hobart.
Mis< Virginia Inapof Carson, Key., who is
the guest of Miss Sabin, has been the recipient
of much attention during her visit here.
Among the many entertainments given in her
honor was Miss 1- ranees Carrey's tea on Thurs
day last. Those invited to meet the guest of
honor wore: Miss Mary Bell Gwin, Miss Grace
Sabinl Miss Kose Hooper, Miss Emma Buticr,
Mi>s Tinie O'Connor, Miss Graham. Mi- Bliss,
Miss Louise Harrington, Miss Helen W. Boss
and Miss Lizzie Carroll.
At their residence, 1414 California street, on
Thursday evening last, Colonel and Mrs. James
F. llougatou entertained Mr. and Mrs. Henry
L. Dodge; Mr. and Mrs. Drury Melone, Mr. and
Mr*. Charles '. Hooker. Mr. and Mrs. A. L.
Tubbs and Judge and Mrs. John Currey.
Judge arid Mrs. McKenna entertained a num
ber of friends at dinner on Tuesday last at
their Franklin-street residence.
Mrs. George A. Pope gave a tea yesterday to
about '200 of her lady friends. "She was as
sisted in receiving by Daisy Casserly, Miss
Anna Head, Miss Genevieve Carolai , Miss Me-
Kenna, Miss Clara Taylor, Miss Eyre and Miss
Edith Mcßean.
'I he Saturday Evening Dancing Class will
give their fortnighriv dance this evening at
Lunt's Hall.
Mrs. W. L. A she gave a luncheon on Monday
at the University Club in honor of Mrs. Harold
Sewell (ree Ajshe).
A very enjoyable dance was criven by the
•captain and officers of tne United" States steam
ship Adams in the s:nil loft at the Mare Island
Navy-yard, last evening, which was large. y at
tended by society belles of this City ami Oak
land. The dining-rooms were beautifully ar
ranged, the guests being seated nt three round
tables. The decoration of one was yellow, the
second green and the third pink. Dinner was
announced at 7:30, ring the service of which
Huber's string: orchestra played all the newest
ar».l most popular air.%
One of the handsomest dinner parties of the
season was tnat given by Mr. and Mrs. William
iham Kip on Tuesday evening last at
their handsome residence, 001 Eddy street, in
lionor of their second daughter, "Miss Mary
' Kip. one of this season's most beautiful anil
charming debutantes. After dinner dancing
was inaugurate.! and kept i.;. until 12
o'clock. Mr. and Mrs. Kip and their guests of
honors were: Miss Graham, Miss Smedberg
Miss Taylor. Miss Boss, Miss Ethel Tompkins,
Miss Gwin, Miss Breeze, Miss Harriet Graham
Miss Schneelv, Miss Clementina Kip, W. L.
Ivan, Peter Donahue Martin, Lieutenant .1
F. R. Landis, U.S. A.; Lieutenant C. P. Sum.
merall, I". B. A.; Lieutenant John W. Jove* U
B. A.; Lieutenant M. F. Davis, U. S. A.; Lieuten
ant J. C. McKinstry, U. 8. A.; K. H. Greenway,
W.O.Forbes, Charles E. Schneely.
The hop at the Presidio on Tuesday last was
the jolliesi aflair of the season, and crowds of
the girls were there from the City. A great
many of the men were from town also. This
hop seemed especially for the Philadelphia
officers, for they were nearly all present, and
the girls had a beautiful time, and were such
belles that on account of there being so many
more men they had not only to halve but quar
ter their dances frequently. The music was
good and the floor as perfect as has always
been the case at these beautifully managed
dances.
Among some of the guests present were:
Miss Williams, Miss Hannah Williams, Miss
Edith Mcßean, Miss .Mariquita Collier, Miss
I ranees Collier. Miss Emma Butler, Miss Ber
nie Drown. Miss Emily Carolan, Miss Gene
vieve Carolan, Miss Cora Smedbere, Miss Kip
Miss Mary Kip, Miss Helen Smith, Mis« Bertha
Smith, Miss Sophie Coleman, Miss Marjorie
Miss Graham, Miss Harriet Gra
ham Miss McCrea. Miss Delia Mills,
Miss Mollie Thomas, Miss Juliet Tompkin-,
the Misses Ripley, Miss Clara Huntington, Mlts
Biaekmorc,' Miss Mamie Stubbs, Miss Helen
Wagner, Miss Findley, Miss Woolwortb
< hancey Boardman, Danforth Boardman W.
11. Heath, Colonel W. K. Smedberg, Walter S
Hobart, W. ]). Page, Louis C. Masten C L.
Davis. Charles E. Schneely, Lieutenant Landis'
General J. W. Forsyth. G. T. Cameron-, Thomas
JI. Breeze, L. K. Van \\ inkle, Lieutenant D. W
Kilburn, Bryant Grimwooa, Genera] and Mrs
William M. Graham, Major and Mrs. Darling"
Colonel and Miss Young, Miss Lottie Ames"
Mr-. Barclay Henley, Lieutenant and Mrs
Kuhl Lieutenants Lock wood, Jayes, Davis
isiiiniiicrall, Fleming, Bmedberg, Rutherford
and many others.
The Misses Juliette and Hannah Williams
gave a beautiful luncheon on Tuesday last at
the University Club, 111 honor of Miss Mary B.
Kip. Those invited to meet the guest of honor
wen:
Miss Kip, Mis« Carrie Taylor, Miss Smedberg
Miss Wallace, Miss Woolworth. Miss Mcßeun,
Miss Graves, Miss Sarah Collier, M. Mariqnita
Collier, Miss llobart. Miss Eyre, Miss Van
Nets, Miss Emily Carolan, Miss Genevieve
Carolan, Miss Bertha Smith, Miss Findley and
Miss Aileen Goad.
A very pretty and enjoyable cotillon was
given last evening by M.-- Grace Sabin at the
residence of her parent-, Mr. and Mrs. John J.
fc'-'.bin, 2828 California street. The dance was
given In ijoiior of Miss Virginia Belknap,
<iti lighter of Judge Be Ik n up of Carson City, Xev.,
v. iio is the guest of Miss Sabin. r. <• Babin
.house has v larce ballroom which was used for
the occasion. There were five national figures,
the favors for each being symbolical of the
countries represented, which were America.
Kjishi, Ireland, ranee and Germany. The co
tillon was led by George Gardiner of Oakland
and Miss Bel knap, the guest of honor. Supper
was served at the conclusion of the cotillon,
which was followed by general dances for an
hour or two.
Among the guests were: Miss Virginia
Belki.np, Miss Bertie Bruce, Miss Jewett, Miss
Delia Mills, Miss Leila Burton, Miss Minnie
Burton, Miss King of Portland, Or.;. Miss
Florence Gardiner, Miss Edith Bishop, Miss
Sarah ]:ice. Miss Beririe, Drown, Miss Alice
Cnwi-ii, M i.-.s Frances Currey, Miss Alice Sprague,
Miss Fay Kainbo, Miss Florence Stone. Miss
Helen Siubb«; Messrs. Percy King, Percy But
ler, George T. Cameron, George B. De Long,
George liner. Lieutenant W. T. Haan, G. ,
~Br<'\v:«, Albert E. Conner, Walter ( rowell.Hu
b.-rt Kiel, Henry Dutton, Robert McKce, Wil
li^ut Humpreys, Franklin Brooks, William
McNeil, Wiijjam McJ>ne, John Reynolds, Guy
Ci.ehrarj, Archibald Kice.Willard »') man.
The.next meeting of the Friday Night Club
Will mke p!nce on Friday, January 17, at Odd
Fellow-,' Hall. It will be a t»U i» ud ■ . The
officers of the army and navy are requested to
wear their uniforms, i"i the members of the
Burlitigame Club their pink cont4>. be
cotillon will be led by Miss Bailie Maynard,
who will have as her able assistants Miss
liager and Miss Surah Collier. X<» invitations
will be issued to any resident of the Stile, and
must be presented at the door. Those I
members who have mislaid their tickets must
iiriu.i; tneir visiting-cards, which can be sent i
into tlie manager for Identification.
Mr. and Mrs. (.'hatincey 11. Winslow enter
tained twenty of their friends at dinner at
'heir borne, 1801 Van Ness avenue, on Wednes
day last.
Mrs. David Bixlerwlll entertain a numbpr I
of her friends at a rausicale to-morrow, Janu
ary 12, at her residence, corner of Pierce and
Onion streets. Among those who will pa
pate are Mrs. Car m lchael-Carr, Sigmund
; iuis Heine and Miss Newland.
Mi-s Cura Smedberg entertained a large
number of friends at tea on Thursday last nt j
her home. 161 1 Larkin street.
Mr. and Mrs. William Haas"gave a dinner
party on Thursday evening at their borne on
Larkin street. Covers were inkl for twenty
four.
iiev. and Mrs. R.C. Foute entertained a small
number of friends last evening at their resi
-2123 I lalifornia street.
ert Cabrera >va- the truest of honor at a
dinner given by his friends as a sort of fare
well prior to his departure for Guatemala. The
guests assei les Mr. Cabrera were
Charles Car; y, James Sweeney, William Davis
and Edward Denigan. ,
Theengafirement is announced of Miss.iennie
F. Masten, the younsesi daughter of N. K.
Masten, and Edwin C. Kwell, who is connected
with the U. S. Crocker Company.
Ine . , need of Miss Bell
Elkln, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. ].. Klkin of
.: is announced of MissJosie
hrend oi Los Angeles.
Theyv lay, January 12, at 1701
Gearv street, fron 2to U o'clock.
\ru York was the time and
n'edding of Abraham Stern
. Meyer, daughter ul" Kugene
1 Meyer, who i - connected with the London,
; Paris and American Bank in New York, and
• y with the same company in this City. I
■ are now probably en route |
for tir- ■
A prettj wedding was solemnized on Wednes- :
I i»-t tit the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. S. Dannenbaum, 1030 Octavia street, !
when . : eldesi daughter, Miss Adele Dan
:;;. was married to David M. Fletcher j
by the Rev. l»r. Jacob Voorsanger. The parlors I
handsomely decorated with heather, I
irange luituches and orange blossoms,
irmiug them into a bower ol floral love- '
Da .- were arranged to appear
i avenue in some tropical climate wiih :
and ferns. The sisier of the bride, Mii-s
Huldah, was maid of honor, and Henry
er acted as best man for the
groom, i'tie bride looked extremely handsome
wn of Ivory white satin trimmed with
>se lace, and she carried a bouquet of'
valley. The maid of honor was '
: in an imported dress of white organdie
with lace insertion. Her bouquet whs com
of tiny roses. The invitations t" the
tvedding were restricted to the relatives and
iiuimKte friends of both families. A
100 guests were in attendance. The;
couple an- at present enjoying their honey
moon in Southern California." On their return
they will remain temporarily with Mr. and
Mr-. Dannenbaum.
i >n New Year's eve one of the prettiest wed
dings • •' the season took place at the residence
Ol J. B. Emmal, - Jt;(;:5 Howard street, when his
daughter. Mi<* Valeria Emmal, was married
to Charles Patten, city inspector for the S] ring
Valley Water Company. The halls and triple
parlor had been handsomely decorated for the
. on, tiie former with ferns principally
and the latter with callas, ferns and
In the bay-window was a canopy of
white ribbons, hydrangea blossoms and
smilax, under which the wedding ceremony
was performed. At 8 ;>■•> o'clock about 150
bad assembled whei the beautiful
of Mendelssohn's "Wedding March" an
nounced the approach of the wedding party
entering the iront parlor in the folio win R
order: First the officiating clergyman, the Rev.
Dr. luile of the central M. E. Church, Dr.Baird
and Dr. M. Colburnof Grace M.E. Church; then
i ame the (.'room with his best man, N. W.
Spaulding Jr. of Oakland, a cousin of the
.. Through the third parlor entrance
came the maid "f honor, Leonia Lloyd, fol
lowed by the brid", leaning on the arm ol her
The wedding party immediately took
up their positions under the, canopy, where
the simple and impressive ceremony was per
formed, followed bj the hearty congratulations
of the many friends present. Late in the even
ing a double male quartet m:
ections. A delicious collation was
served in the dining-room, which had been
decorated in holiday effects, sprays of holly
branches intermingled with branches of
oranges and orange blossoms weresuspi
from the chandelier, m. i < • i everywhere possible
flowers were arranged, transforming the room
I into a veritable bower.
The bride, a petite blonde, was attired in a
dress of white brocaded satin en train. The
veil was caught on the coiffure and shouMcrs
with orange blossoms. She wore a diamond
siar in her hair, the gi:t of the groom, and car
ried a bouquet of hyacinths and ferns. The
maid of honor wore a delicate peach blossom
silk and carried a bouquet of J'i.>
and ferns. ]n her hair she wore a bandsi me
pin, the eift of the bride. At midnight Mr. and
Mrs. Patten took their departure amid a show
er of nee and old slippers in the time-honored
custom, accompanied by New Year's greetings.
The wedding tour was st>ent at the Vendome
and Del Monte.
wedding of Miss Hatne J. Haiamon to
William I. Fagerberg was solemnized on the
I 31st ult., the Rev. Herman Gercke officiating.
Henry Lachtrup of Sacramento and Miss
Mamie Schroeder of tins City were united in
matrimony by the Rev. Herman Ciercke on the
6th inst.
Miss Helen E. Manning, formerly of '.)-l
Powell street, was married on the sth inst. to
C. F. Premiss of Orland, Glenn county. They
W in the laiter place, which will be W.ei'
home for a while. Mrs. Prentiss expects to
: the ir.ontn of March in this City.
wedding of M. N. Winans of Sacramento
to Miss Nellie M. Hogan, formerly of Stockton,
place on New Year's day at the residence
of the bride's sister, Mrs. F. A. Wasley, \i'-'>
Adeline street, Oaklaud. The house was
prettily decorated ami Rev. lamer Akerly per-
Conned the ceremony, which was witness
the immediate family only. The bride anil
<r — i the iay ''.ir.y in the evening,
departing the next day for their future home
ramento.
: -nrprise party was tendered Mrs.
H. Roberta at b i ■■• Texas street on
iy evening, December 31. At mid
! the lmlies exen Ised their leap-year pri)
and escorted their partners to supper. The
evening's entertainment consisted of Bfnging,
i dancing and Kames, which were kept up until
; the New ¥ear was well advance'!. Among the
present were: Miss Hannah I:
John Easdale, N li-- Lois Bennett, John kelson,
Miss Carrie Adams, Alfred Gunn, Miv Maggie
Johnston, Mr. lloyt, Miss Matilda Johi
Mr. Petterson, Miss Sadie ( alhoun, Frank Up
ton, Miss May O'Leary. Robcri Nelson, Miss
Mamie Hedstrom, Bennie Heastrom, % -i;->
Vdams, Miss Jennie Gunn, Miss.
Nellie Ward, .Mi-s Julia Upton, ''Irs. Roberts.
Unite an enjoya-Me time was had on Tuesday
evening, January 7, at Excelsior Hall, ii:{i;>
Mission street, on the occasion of the twelfth
installation party of Colonel ('arr Post No. ■!<>,
Department of California and Nevada. The
senior past post commander installed the fol
io winsrofficers: i'< -t commander, John ONeill;
s. v. c, Frank T. Miller; J. V. C, Hugh Shells;
chaplain, John Massey; Burgeon, BlwinKel
ley; quartermaster, Timothy • lurran ; officer of
the day, iames 11. Rlley; officer of the guard,
D.J.Donlan. Alter the installation ceremo
aies the g tests were entertained with h •
and varied programme excellently ren<
and which was as fol ow»: Piano special ties,
Mrs. t'raukii* vocal solo. Miss Potts;
, Miss Clara hex; recitation, W. 11.
; piano solo, Miv Teresa Sullivan ; song,
Kaiie Clifford; duet, MUies Grace Curran and
I Alice Leahy; piano, M iss O'Connor and sister;
\ soiil', "Faded coat of Blue." captain K. U. Han-
Ion; recitation, Master \Vait»-r Riley; sone,
'■sieigo Bells Rinsing," Miss Annie Rothberg;
s<jiig, Thomas Fitzslmmons; recitation. Pasi
Commander George W. Arbuckle; song and
| dance, Wyatt mni Sliver. These over, the
guests retired to the iianquet-room, were the
j tables fairly gr< aned with the delicacies of the
. And when all were satisfied patriotic
remarks were made by a number of visiting
comrades. Captain James H. Rlley acted as
master of ceremoo
Amusicalewas given at the home of Miss
Hannah Edwards, 714 Buchanan street, Satur
day afternoon, a classic programme was ad
:. :.-i,,!.-p-.i by her young pupils on the
piano, after which n dainty BUpper was served.
a ' : enjoyable surprise iiarty was ten
dered L'liomas Dougherty on New Year's eve
ftt the i Idence oi his parents, 1713 Howard
'Hie evening wa« pleasantly upent In
, dancing and games. The gathering,
numbering about thirty young people, did not
break up until an early hour in the morning.
ihe Hellenic Mutual Benevolent Society will
give Its anniversary ball at Union-square Hall
to-night. An unusually elaborate programme
i.- promised.
The Alabama Social Club will give their
seoond grand ball at K'nai B'rith Hall on Sat
urday evening, January 18.
The Palms souvenir ball will take place Sun
day evening, January 26, at Union-square
Hall. 421 Post stn
Pa .. Loderi No. 815, K. or L., will hold a
i istallation of officers on January 14 at
32 ' i rY::. ll Mreet. Following the ceremonies
tiiere will be music aud dancing. Refresh
will be Berved.
The Forestic Friends will hold their second
annual masquerade ball at California Hall,
620 Bosh street, on Saturday evening, Janu
arj 28.
The Mystics' opening party of 1890 will be
beld at union-square Hall on Tuesday evening.
Miss Grace Hecht of this City is now back at i
school in Haiti more. She did not return to
this City during vacation, but stopped with
friends in Boston.
Mrs. E. Silverstone has returned from Walla
Walla, Wash., and will be at home third
w inesaays, Hotel Lennox, 628 Butter street.
Ihe annual meeting of the bi>n:ii of man
agen and the society of the Ban Francisco
Nursery for Homeless Children will be held
at the rooms of ihe nursery, 570 Harrison
street, on Tuesday, January 14, at 10 a., m., for
the election of ollicera.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
MONEY ROLLS INTO BANKS
Managers Say They Are Aston
ished at the Evidences of
Prosperity.
NEW DEPOSITORS COME DAILY.
Despite Reduced Dividends the Savings
Banks Are Doing More Busi
ness Than Ever.
"There is a general atmosphere of pros
perity and content iimong the masses of
the people. Never in my experience as a
banker bave we received so much money
and paid out so little comparatively at the
lirst of the year aa at present."
Such was the pleasing comment \ijion
the local financial situation at the open
ing of 1890', given by Robert J. Tobin,
secretary of the Hibernia Bank, yesterday.
A similar prospect was presented by
managers of other savings banks, show
ing, after all, that in spite of the reduction
of dividends to '6% and 4 per cent money
lias been pouring into the banks with a
new and altogether unprecedented in
crease in volume, and that the only infer
ence under these conditions can be that
San Francisco has entered upon a reien of
prosperity and plenty.
Among those people who gave finance
any attention it was quite generally con
ceded tnat the reduction of rates of interest
on savings-bank deposits would cause de
positors to withdraw their money and seek
more profitable investments elsewhere.
Such, indeed, was the conclusion reached
by many real estate brokers and not a few
banking men. But theories have not been
sustained by facts in thi9 instance, for the
savings banks were never more prosperous,
nor in all probability did they ever con
duct business on a, more conservative
basis.
In any line of investment the burden
some tax imposed this year would be a
serious obstacle for the small capitalist or
the thrifty wage-earner to meet. Whether
in real estate dealing or in the purchase of
securities— bonds, uiortcages, etc.— the tax
of 2.2") per cent would face him, and with
that amount deducted from the interest in
most cases a bar? margin over the new
rate of savings bunk dividends would be
possible, while very frequently the net in
come would fall below the interest offered
by the banks.
So tlie people of small means have stood
by the savings banks, and in the new
order of thines— the growth of prosperity
and content mentioned by Mr. Tobin —
thousands of wage-earners and others with
small incomes are once again finding
themselves in circumstances conducive to
laying aside money in various sums with
the savings banks.
Loveli White, secretary of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union, reviewed the situa
tion with the air of a man very well satis
fied with the world in general and pros
pects for bis institution in particular.
"The increase of small depositors has
been greater since the tirst of the year than
for a long time past," saul he. "There has
been a disinclination on their part to in
vest and a rapid increase in the number of
depositors, snowing there is no distress
among the working people.
"We never had such a rapid increase as
since January 1, 1896, as to the opening of
new accounts. When dividends in tho
years 1882 to 1885 were the same as now
declared the sav^nys banks maintained a
steady gain.
"The reduction of interest will not cive
a man money unless he has it, and the
small depositors cannot buy property, al
though the property may yield good re
turns. Then, very few people buy property
in a depressed market, but in a rising mar
ket. The reduction of interest may have
the effect of turning attention to real es
tate purchases. That will come later when
they think of it.
"So far there has been no withdrawal of
deposits incident to decrease of divide
nor lias there been any failure to deposit.
in these latter days "people don't hoard
money; it must be" somewhere, and the
Bavings banks are the custodians of mod
erate means without much respect to rate
of dividends. By and by the large deposi
may be expected to consider the ques
tion of withdrawing money and investing
m real estate or otherwise; but there cer
tainly will he nothing spasmodic about it,
and it is not at all likely that the aggre
gate deposits of savings banks in this City
will at any time be reduced.
"The man buying property may with
draw money fro.n the saving bank, and
tne chances are that that same bank fir
some other bank will get back this money
at once.
"It js a mistake to suppose that money
in the savings Imnks is locked up, for that
money is actually in circulation, though
nominally in bank. Money out of the
bank <>r in Bate '!et>ositories"or elsewhere
is in effect boarded and its use is lost to
the public. A diminution of depositors in
the aggregate instead of helping real
(state would be the worst disaster that
COQld befall it, as comparatively few pur
chases are made for cash, a loan from
ga banks being made in a majority
ol cases of purchase.
"in periods of depression returns for use
of money arc small. Tne savings banks
can handle money of depositors :u 25 cents
on $100 dollars, exclusive of taxes, taking
the chances of loss. No individual with
lev- than (100,000 capital can handle his
own money so cheaply. Hence it is thai
money will remain in the nank«, however
small may be the dividend, for money so
deposited will yield better returns than
when handled by the owner."
.Mr. White concluded by stating that in
the six days of this month on w Inch banks
were open 192 new accounts had been
opened with his bank — an average of
thirty-two a day.
"We he.-an paying dividends on Janu
ary 2," said Robert J. Tobin of the Hibprnia
Hank, "and since then the bank has taken
in more money than ;vas paid out. Tins
is a really remarkable showing for the be
ginning of the year, when dividends are
paid. Business Is increasing with unpre
cedented rapidity, and has been during the
pasi year at the rate of 250 new accounts a
month.
"It is an unusual condition of affair?.
Never in my experience did we receive so
much money and payout so little as at
the present tune. Now. this is a season of
closing accounts, but we bave been open
ing accounts at the rate of ten to twenty a
day in excess of those that are closed
though as a rale there are more accounts
closed in tlie first ten days of this month
and of July than in any other months of
the year. The inference is, the masies of
the people are well off. There is a general
atmosphere of prosperity and content
ariiiuiL 1 tlie people.
"Our interest is better paid now than
ever it was. There linve been no foreclos
ures to speak of, and with something like
£25,000.000 loaned out on mortgage we
haven't over $1 "-0,000 overdue interest.
After all that is the touchstone of the
financial condition of the people. For
illustration, take a landlord and his ten
ants. In hard times the tenants don't all
pay promptly, for they cannot, while in
prosperous seasons they are always prompt
with their rent."
Cashier Storey of the Mutual Savings
Bank said that more accounts than usual
were opened in his bank s-.nce January 2,
while the money drawn out was not so
much as for the corresponding periods of
former years.
Prom other savinps banks exactly simi
lar statements were received. The German
Bank had received a large number or new
accounts, and while comparatively tew
calls lor dividends were made, numerous
deposits were rolling in so rapidly that the
managers were astonished at the evidences
of prosperity.
A RABBI ON ARMENIA.
Rev. Slyer S. Levy Lectures ( 7 pon the
Unfortunate A'iotims of the Turks.
Rev. Myer S. Levy delivered a lecture
last evening in the Geary-street synagogue
before a larsre congregation on "Armenia
and the Armenians." He introduced the
subject by stating that a circular calling
for a mass-meeting to raise a protest
against the outrages in Armenia had been
sent him with a request that it be read to
his congregation, and so he thought it an
opportune occasion to speak upon those
people who have come before the civilized
world as patient and unoffending victims
of the Turks and the Kurds.
A succinct review of Armenian history
was given by Rev. Mr. Levy in the lirst
part of his discourse. He said that Ar
menia was once a very extensive country,
but Turkey. Russia ami Persia cut it into
pieces. Its history went back; to the time
of Noah ; its physical character was that of
a vast plateau more than 7000 feet above
the sea. terminating in that wonderful
peak— Mount Ararat— on which the ark of
Noah rest el.
"The Jews, ever lovers and preservers of
peace," ho added, " are offering now their
mite to those suffering and unfortunate
beings; and we are not those who would
bring vengeance for vengeance, strife for
strife. We are proud to say we have suf
fered like this nation, and we are glad to
raise our voices in condemnation of these
outrages. We pity these people for their
suffering and pray that religion may not
be the handmaid of the torch and the
sword, but that, peace may be theirs."
SHIPS IN THE FAIRWAY.
Mate Ned Oliver Refused to
Move When Ordered to
Do So.
Threatened to Shoot Any One Who
Attempted to Put a Line
Aboard His Vessel.
The question of vessels anchoring in
| the fairway led to a lively row on the
: water front yesterday. At one stage of
! the argument a gun was produced and
i Assistant Chief WJbarfinger Short fled be
{ fore it. He did not like the look in Mate
I Oliver's eye and he retired to obtain re
enforcement.
For some time past the Chief Wharf
i inger has experienced tjreat difficulty in
j keeping the fairway between Oakland and
San Francisco, and more particularly be
tween Tiburon and Sausalito and San
Francisco, clear of vessels. The pilots
would bring deep-water ships in and drop
them anywhere there wus a safe anchor
age. In consequence the ferry-boats dur
ing a fog had to run under a slow bell, and
very frequently collisions were narrowly
averted. This state of affairs was drawn
to the attention of the Harbor Commis
sioners and they at once notified the pilots
to stop anchoring vessels in the fairway.
; They took no notice and were again
warned, but they seem to think they own
the buy. On last Thursday night they
: anchored the ship Edward O'Brien, from
New York, and the barkentine Omega,
j from Chile, right in the way of the Ti
j buron ferry-boats. The captain of the
: Omega said tie would move when raquest
ed, and as soon as he was passed by the
doctor be hove up his anclur and was
■ towed to Mission Bay.
Things did not go quite so smooth!}" on
the Edward O'Brien. As soon as" she
(Mine to anchor, the crew deserted, and
Mate Oliver, the son of the captain, only
bad three men aboard when Assistant
Chief Wharfinger Snort went out to the
: on the State tug Mark bam.
Aver hail insc the ship 8b ort shouted, "You
arc in the fairway of the San Rafael steam
ers and must move."
"Who are you. anyhow?" wr.s the answer
; that came back from Mate Oliver.
Short produced his authority, and told
• the mate that if he did not move his ship
at once he would put a towline aboard and
take tb<- O'Brien tn Mission Bay.
Oliver disappeared for a few minutes,
and when he again put in an appearance
Ue was armed with a shotgun. After
\ cocking it, he called out to Short: "Now,
go ahead and put your hawser aboard, but
I tell you that the lirst man that attempts
j to board tins ship will lose the top of his
! head." Then the Assistant Chief Wharf
| inger relired to obtain further instructions.
j President Colnon was hunted up, and he
! got Chief Engineer Holmes to measure off
i the fairway, in order to make sure that the
Edward O'Brien was breaking the law.
Mr. Holmes' opinion was that the vessel
was several ship's lengths in the way, and
I President Colnon then said, "Don. t run
any risks, but move her."
Short was rather dubious about the sec
ond order, but he gathered up twenty men
alonK the water front and again Parted
for tii(' O'Brien. When Oliver saw the
J'orce of men be gave in, and after a wordy
warfare the ship was mined to an anchor
age where there will be no fear of ferry
boats running into ner. The captain and
mate are now amenable to tti>- law for dis
obeying the orders of the Chief Wharf
inger, and President Colnon says lie will
see that the/ are prosecuted. The iaw
against deadly assault, assault to murder,
: threats against life, assault with deadly
: weapon and ail that may be regarded ask
dead letter unless District A torney Barnes,
Sheriff Wbelan and Assistant Wharfinger
Short and other officers take the necessary
Bteps to have the belligerent sailor prop
; erly punisned.
Mate Oliver is well known in San Fran
cisco. Three years ago be was bare in the
ship Louisiana and was arrested tor beat*
ing and wounding the sailors. The men
could not make out their case and he was
discharged, tn this instance he will have
the stute Bfraiost him, and the efaancea
! are that he will be lir.ed a nominal sum as
| a warning to others.
CATHOLIC PULPITS.
Archbishop Rtordan Will Pre:ich at the
< :ii ii<Mirai To- Morrow.
Archbishop Riordan will preach at the
10:H0 o'clock mass at St. Mary's Cathedral,
on Van Ness avenue, to-morrow.
The E.edemptorist Fathers O'Shea and
Lindner, who have been holding missions
in the Catholic churches of the City for a
month iiast, will begin missions at St.
James' Church on February 2 and at St.
Prancifa' Church on Fabrnary 23. They
are exceptionally able preachers, and
draw large congregations wherever they
appear.
At St. Mary's Church, on California
street, to-morrow evening, the Rev. Father
Wyman will preach a special sermon on
"1 he Apostolate of St. John, the Evange
list."
liev. Terence Caraher will deliver a
lecture on "Calumnies Against Catholics"
:u Metropolitan Hail on the evening of
January 22.
Governor Junes' Condition.
Governor John E. Jones' condition is some
what variable. He wus pronounced better
yesterday for a time, and then word was sent
out that he was about the same as formerly.
Notwithstanding tne seriousness of the Gov
ernor's malady, he is yet at times able to walk
about. He walked a little, yesterday on the
sixth floor, where his room is situated, and
finally seated himself in the sun, where he re
mained for a little time and then returned to
the room.
Hascball.
The baseball annex of th»- Ormonde Club has
issued a phallenge 10 the Atlantas to play next
Sunday. A closely contested game is expected,
as both ciubs hold a clear record, neither ever
having met defeat.
FAMILIES ARE RULED OUT
Commission Men Agree Not to
Sell Single Packages to
Householders.
THE RETAILERS DEMANDED IT.
Formal Agreement Signed Yesterday.
Another Good Argument for
a Free Market.
Hereafter, if the agreement just made be
tween the commission men and the retail
ers be lasting, San Francisco families will
be denied the privilege of going down on
the '"street" and buying a box of apples
or oranges, or perhaps a bunch of bananas
or a sacic of nuts.
The agreement has only just been per
fected, and it remains to be seen whether
it will be binding on all the parties con
cerned. These are, on the one hand, the
wholesale fruit and produce dealers of San
Francisco, and on the other band the re
tail fruit and produce men.
The agreement is between the Retailers'
Protective Association or Union as a body
and the fifty or more commission-houses
as individuals. The initiative was taken
by the Retailers' Association, which sought
to enter into a solemn compact with the
Commission Merchants' Protective Asso
ciation as a body. But the constitution
and by-laws of the latter body prevented
any interference with the individual busi
ness methods of its members, which made
it necessary for the retailers to canvass th«
situation from house to bouse and secure
the separate signature of cacti linn.
There wa< some difficulty in securing all
the signatures, but yesterday the last
name was secured, that of Allison &, Co.,
and when a (all man started out to buy a
single box of apples yesterday most of the
big downtown bouses refused the sale. It
is still an open qneation, however, whether
the agreement will Jiold good for any
length of time.
It will certainly work a hardship on both
the wholesaler and the families that have
been in the habit of buying their frim in
boxes from the commission-houses.
For a long time; the retailers have com
plained that their trade was being injured
by the fact that commission-houses were
Belling fruit and produce to individual
persons in single-package lots and usually
at the same rate as that charged the re
tailer tor several packages. And finally,
when the Commission Merchants' Pro
tective Association was formed last Octo
ber and regulations against the credit sys
tem were formulated, the retailers set about
their task of straightening out this pro
miscuous selling tangle.
Some of the conmiissfon-houses were in
the habit of delivering single packages in
their respective neighborhoods in the
evening when the downtown stores had
closed. It was this fact more than any
thing which hurt the retail trade, for it
depends most largely upon the smaller
saies in less than package iots.
Some of the commission men held out a
long time before consenting to sign the
agreement. The firm of Allison <fc Co. was
one of these. Mr. Allison had knowledge
of the fact that some of the retailers had
been receiving consignments from the
country, and he refused to agree not to
sell to families until the retailers agreed
not to receive consignments. Finally this
clause was incorporated in the agreement,
and then the Allison firm signed it.
"I suppose the agreement is fair enough,"
said Mr. Allison yesterday, 'but I tlnnic it
is directed more against those few commis
sion men who u-ed io turn an honest
penny on the side by delivering single
packages in their neighborhoods at night,
than against the few families that like to
come down here and buy their fruit by the
box. I have one or two customers, men of
influence and means, whom I don't pro
pose to refuse when they ask me to sell
them a box of oranges. Ti!C mere sale is
nothing to our hou*e, but yet it is some
thing to accommodate a man with whom
you have business dealings perhaps in an
other way. In fact, I hardly think any
body who wants a box of oranges very badly
will find it very difficult to secure one from
the downtown commission men."
Nevertheless, a great many houses did
positively decline to sell a single box of
truit yesterday to one who was not known
as a retailer.
"Of course, it is going to work a hard
ship in tie summer lime," said Mr. Lo
bree, of the firm of Jacobson «!t Lobree, "if
the agreement holds good that long. Take
Saturday afternoon, for instance, when wo
are load.-d down with strawberries that
will not keep till Monday morning. I don't
know what we are going to do with them
unless we are permitted to sell them to
families. We will have to throw them
away, I suppose."
"Allot which is the best argument in
; the world for the establishment of a free
market, " saiu another produce dealer.
"That's what is needed in San Francisco,
which is about the only large city in the
' United States thpt docs not have a free
market. With a free market ail these per
i plexing questions would solve themselves,
and the customers, which means the great
public at large, would be immensely bene
fited, [n looking at these economic ques
tions we usually forget tne interests of the
consumer, while in fa<-t his interests are
the otily interests that are worth consid
ering or that should be considered in a
republic."
THE TAMALPAIS CLIMB
Trolley-Cars Will Be Used In
stead of a Cable Sys
tem.
A Winding Road Around the Mountain
Finally Decided Upon by the
Company.
The engineers of the mountain railroad
—the Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais
scenic road— began Thursday on tlie loca
tion survey of the route, having finished
the preliminary survey. The road will
start from Eastland, where the power
house in to sumd, and will continue along
the creek in the direction of Biithedale.
From there it will turn back toward Mill
Valley and so wind up the side of the
mountain to a point under the third spur.
The grade will be much easier than at
tirst appeared, as its general averaee is by;
feut to the Hundred, and at no place will it
be steeper than ~,). 2 per cent. The distance
traversed will be something over seven
miles, wbicii will be made in about three
quarters of an hour from the starting
point, and of course much faster on the
homestretch on the down grade.
The intention to make a direct cable-line
to the top of the mountain has been
abandoned, and the electric trolley system
will now be adopted. The capacity of the
cars will be for sixty persons, anu "on Sun
days they will connect with each train ar
riving at Eastland.
The best system of brakes will be used
to i-'uard against any possibility of accident.
It is difficult to imagine anything more
picturesuuc than the line of country this
road will open, find deep canyons, rushing
brooks and wooded plateaus lie along the
route, which may be made the location for
many a mountain home.
The company will be incorporated in a
few days. Among the leading share-
I holders are Sidney E. Cu.sh.iug, A. E.
Kent, Alfred Borel, the Scotch syndicate
and others. Louis Janes is the secretary.
Seventy-live thousand dollars has been
already subscribed, and a contract for
rails, amounting to $20,000, has been
signed. It is estimated that the road can
be built f0r 5125,000, which is far below the
original computation.
The fare will bo placed at |1 25 from the
City to the summit of the mountain and
return. The company will erect a tem
porary house for refreshments on the
mountain, and anticipate the rirst cars
Will be started at the end of July.
THE MARINE ENGINEERS.
Delegates to the Washington Conven-
tion to Work for Legislation.
The organized marine engineers of this
City are taking a very active interest in
efforts to secure legislation from Con)
favorable to their craft, and delegates to
the Washington convention have already
been selected who will use their influence
in the lobbies of the National Capitol.
These delegates are National Vice-Presi
dent J. J. Scary, superintendent of the
California Door* Works, ami Chief Engi
neer F. A. Jones of the stea-aer North
Fork. They will leave for Washington on
the 11th inst., and the National eathering
is to be at Willard'a Hotel there on the 20th.
Besides these gentlemen the following '
oflicers have been elected by the Marine
Engineers 1 Benevolent Association and in- !
stalled. George R. Kingaland, president;
Thomas Malcolmson, first vice-president;
Mictiael Condon, second vice-president ;
Frederick Nixon, treasurer; William
Warm, recording and corresponding aec
r-tary; Frank Bragg, financial secretary
and business manager; Edward Brady,
chaplain; Joseph Doian. conductor; Wil- |
liani H. Wiggins, doorkeeper; Charles
iSchoppe, outer doorkeeper, and W. R.
Martland, J. E. A. Miller, John R. Fo
J. J. Crofts and Edward Mahoney, trus
tees. J. V. B. Perry was selected alternate
in case either of tue two delegates were
unable to attend the National convention.
BOYCOTTING A THEATER.
The Musicians' Union Declare
War Against the People's
Palace.
Fines Will Be in Order— A Bar That
Paid No Rent and Yet Has
a Deficit.
The annual meeting of the Musicians'
Protective Union of San Francisco was
held at 39 Fourtn street yesterday after
noon. The financial report for the year
I*'.'") was as follows: Receipts— Cash on
hand January l, $527 T7: secretary's re
ceipts during year, $3630 23; bar receipts,
$3466 20; received by trustees from bank,
$600; total, $8286 20. Disbursements—
Otiice expenses, fklll X>; bar, $4045 15; in
terest, $'S2 18; total, $8078 68. Balance in
treasurer's hands January 1, 1896, $207 52;
balance in bank, $466 69. Total assets ol
the union now, $1)74 21. Office ('.elicit fur
the year, $34:> 30; bar deficit $578 95.
The oilice deficit was tbe ordinary an
nual expense of the union, but the bar
shortage was appalling. How the receipts
could amount to $3456 20, and the disburse
ments to $4045, without rent and water to
pay, which are included in the office dis
bursements, was something the musicians
cannot get through their heads. To tie
sure the bartender's salary was $1120, the
liquor and cigar bills about $1200, the beer
bill $648 LO, fitting up the bar and ball
$206 To. Still the deficit appeared a need
less fact.
However, the matter was fin oily disposed
of by leasing the costly bar at a monthly
rental to two members of the union.
The following officers i"r the ensuing
year were elected and installed : President,
E. \V. Kent; vice-president, J. A. Keo'_'h;
secretary, Sam J)avis; treasurer, T. Eis
feldt. Trustees — I. Frank, A. Paulsen arid
A. Rusteberg. Executive committee—*;.
Bennet, L. llauser, C. Henke, IJ. .Jaulus
H. Kropp, William Klein. C. Miltner, £.
M. Rosner; sergeant-at-arms, J. Spencer.
Charles Sci.uppert, P. Oaschlin, J. Dunn.
I. D'Arc.v and (J. Henke were appointed
permanent delegates to the Council of
Labor.
[Jpon motion an assessment of $50 was
levied upon every member to create the
fund ordered to be raised by the National
League of Musicians of the United S;ates
from all the uniois. This is the ii percent
assessment fund for the families of deceased
musicians.
The matter of the refusal of Manager
Phillips of the People's Palace Theater to
employ union musicians was considered.
It was stated that Phillips hud pi r
emptorily declined to receive the c m
mittee sent to him and expressed nil
as abie to defy the union. It was ordered
that a committee of two be appointed by
the union and the Council of La!
asked to appoint one of three per<<>ns tn
carry on the boycott against the People's
Palace. It was nNo ordered that any mem
ber of the union seen entering tne place or
found patronizing that theater in any
manner should be fined. Addresses were
made by a number of speakers, all advo
cating a strong, sharp tiirlit against Man
ager Phillips, to be continued till he em
ployed union musicians in bis orchestra.
In the evening the Labor Council re
solved to give the union all moral support
possible until the proprietor of that place
agreed to employ only union musicians.
In Favor of she Hlborata Itnnk,
The case of the Hlbernia Bank against Louis
Blank et si. was decided yesterday by Judge
Murphy, Judgment being rendered in favorol
the plain tlfl axainxt illatik, an<l dismissing
ise as to other defendants. The suit u>h
to foreclose a mortgage on a valnable tract ol
land owned jointly by the defendants.
Josephine was far from being the beauty
that she is commonly supposed. l\<:r
nose was too lotifx, lier chin was small and
receding, her eyes were rather obliqne,
iier teett" were brown and decayed and her
breatli very bad. Her trait was not easy
and she hud a foolish giggle tnat spoiled
her conversation.
NEW TO-DAY.
viiiAi.
We will give $20 for any case of
Catarrh that cannot be cured by our
treatment, price $2 SO. Trial treat-
ment free.
OUR PRICES ALWAYS THE LOWEST.
HOT-WATER BOTTLES:
-'-quart. 65c; 3-quart, 70c; 4-quart goc
fountain Syringes, Wood box:
2-quart, 70c; 3-qnart, 80c; 4-quart 90c
Quinine I'ilis, 12 grains, per 100.... ' 25c
Quinine l'Hls, 3 grains, per 100 ;; 35 C
Munyon's IJeinedies, 16c, 30'j and 60c
Scot's Kmulslon and Hood's ."rarparilla 65c
Pink Fills and Syrup Figs 35 C
TKOBSJSS, others ask $5 to $10, our pricn*.'.
• *1 75 to $5 00
Galvanic or Faradic Batteries, from $5 to. . .$25 00
Obesity Beit!) $<j .» 5
Electric Belts, from $5 to ....".$25 00
silk Stockings $3 50
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
853 IVlarlx.ci Street,
South Bide, bet. Filth and Sixth. -
NEW TO-DAY.
*-~^~-— — ; — ' ■ > — -—
HOSKSTTESTIMOEMSFROJI
WELIrHOffS PEOPLE
ARE POSITIVE PROOF
That Mun\ oil's Improved Komcopa Uiic
lleraedics Cure Catarrh, lihenma*
tism, Dyspepsia and the Most
Obstinate Diseases.
Ask Tour Druggist for Munyon's Guide
to Health, Select a 25-Ccut Remedy
and Cure Yourself.
Mr. A. Melsted has this to say of Mun-
yon's Remedies: "For years 1 have suf-
fered with acme rheumatism, which has
affected me in various parts of the bod)*.
I have tried many so-called 'cures,' but
never realized any" benefit. I have spent
hundreds of dollars with doctors, and had
become quite discouraged, when the Her-
ald made its free distribution of your
'Rheumatism Cure.' I determined to
make one more effort to get, relief, and,
contrary to my expectations. 1 had not
taken more than three doses before I began
to improve, ■and before I had finished tne
little vial every ache and pain had disap-
peared. I cannot .>-ay too much in praise
of these wonderful little pellets.
"A. MELSTED,
"116 and 118 West Second street, Los
Angeles, Cal."
I Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. I'rice 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all form ■ of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price Uf>c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops ighs,
night sweats, allay soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price L'oc.
Munyou's Kidney rure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groin? and all
forms of kidney disease. Prices 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the
symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such as
depressed spirits, failure of memory, rest-
less and sleepless nicht*, pains in the
head and dizziness. it stimulates and
strengthens the nerves, and is a wonderful
i tonic. Price "Joe.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
1 in three minute . I'rice ! <■.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms ol piles. Price 25<j.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
and all liver diseases. Prices 2">c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
[ boon to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
i guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
utes and cure in live days. Prica.'oOc each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price "2~>v.) eradicates
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
I Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price $V.
Munyon's ; Remedies at all druggists,
• mostly 25c a vial.
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "<iuid<? to Health," a valu-
able little medical publication that should
be in every home.
Personal letters to Professor Munyoo,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
disease.
/jt^Kx
s M \
&m. i 1
DOCTOR WE ANY;
WELL KNOWN" BY HIS LONG RESI-
»» dence and successful practice on the
Pacific Coast, guarantees a prompt and
perfect cure of every case he undertakes.
Thousands of genuine testimonials on tile
in his private office. Poor treated free on
Friday afternoon?.
NERVOUS I>Ki;iLITY,
Impotency, v eakness of sexual organs, loss
manhood, night emissions, exhaostihg drains
win eh ii tit one for study, business or marriage,
treated with unfailing success. Get cured and
be a man.
PRIVATE, .
Urinary and kidney ailments, sexual dis-
eases of every sort, blood, skin and constitu-
tional diseases, rupture, piles, varicocele and
hydrocele quickly cured without pain or de-
tention from business.
WRITE
At once if living out of the city. Thousands
1 cured at home.' Book on Special Diseases sent
free ' '■■'•• sc"tiln(f tn«*ir.rronbie-.
Office Horns— i> a.m. to 12 ■.. 2to 5 and 7to
8 P. at.; Sundays, 10 a. M to 12 .v. only.
V. L. SWKANY, M.D..
737 Market Street. >. • .. Cal.
4F>iRNYS\ *'
ISTHKVKHV BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUH
J- eyes anil lit them to Spectacles or Eyeglassei
with Instruments ■>( his own iuveution, whun
superiority has Lot been equaled, ily success Uaj
been due to the merits of my worlc
Ullice Hours— l 2 lv i p. m.
RIGGS HOUSE"
Vva.ssla.laas'toxi., 23. O»
The Hotel "Par Excellence"
Of the ISatiOßal Capital. First class in all appoint
mems. U. DBWITT. I'reM.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
: . DON'T PAY
* 30 or ?4(> for a:i Klectrio
W^i^^-d^Wk Belt whMl we will soil you
f-^f^' J "i ■-:- '\f^-£f<a , fgx tit or one at from
JEW J> " -rv^'^< ' -r\ iiitii you examine 1)1:.
rEt^P^^^rwt*" 'lKlti'KS. Has current
jt- r- T \' -\^V" regulator and all latest im-
'•"'■CvJi' pruvements. Pamphlet
'J%V ir^e. Call or address DR.
< v ' ? HEECE A <S. 701
• Sacramento street. San Francisco. < .1!.
'£u/llir "*/ 1 1 Boro Taroit, i' ■-,'■■■■■'■_ Copper- |j
IUJ Colored Spow, Aches, Old Sores. E
fflUlccra la MoutU. 11-ir-FaUiu'g ! Write COOK
aSKMr^T. CO., 3O? Masonic Temple,
(*?, ChSciifxo, 111., tor proofs of cures. Cupl-B
•Jatal. 5030.000. Vr'oret cases cured in IC9
.jgfco 85 days. 100-pa»e book, free. U
56
Ss'jltl (yV r«uiljsf|j
CHARLES JW. SHORTRIDCIt,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
rally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. . $0.1 5
Daily and Snnday Cam . one year, by mail — tUX)
Sally and Sunday Call, •-•■* months, by mail.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dallj and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Tflepnone Main-1863
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
51 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntu
C :?0 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 I.ark.a street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and llissiou streets; open
LI TV. 9 o'clock.
£M 8 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock,
lit KlnUi street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Boems SI and 32, M Park Bow, New York City.
DAViD U. FOLTZ, Special Agent- •
SATURDAY JANUARY 11, 1596
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The Kaiser does the talking, but it is the
Czar who has the sayso.
Other issues come and go, but the fund
ing-bill fight Btays with os.
Russia keeps the peace in Europe, and
Europe calls her barbarous.
Huntington is the only potentate left
who has not received an ultimatum.
England and Germany talk of war. but
the Stock Exchange doesn't believe them.
The Transvaal, Venezuela and Cuba de
porve sympathy, but Armenia requires
help and protection.
Europe talks of war and keeps the peace,
but the Turk talks of peace and goes on
with his slaughtering.
The next big war will rearrange not the
map of Furope only, but that of all the
world, outside of America.
The third-term movement is by no
means a good thing, but Grover has lots of
bondsmen to push it along.
It might be worth while for the Demo
crats to renominate Cleveland just to give
the people a whack at Lim.
From the way Congress is working, this
promises to be the ahortest long session
we have had in many a year.
From the difficulty the British have in
understanding the Monroe doctrine one
would think it was a good joke.
The bond issue may be called a popular
loan, but it will be poured out into the
swill-barrel of the syndicate hog.
1 d the Cleveland shadow all other Demo
cratic candidates for the Presidential
nomination appear as dark hor-
The Kaiser -would willingly make a toss
up ol peace ur war if be only knew whether
hi*- end of it would be beads or tails.
Spain will not accept the resignation of
< tempos, and if he is ever to get out of his
]>osition lie must surrender it to Cuba.
The clean-up on the water front will im
prove the entrance to the City, and by and
by we may get the <ity itself cleaned up.
Big as are the Cleveland bond issues
they are not big enough to cover the deficit
and hide the weakness of the Wilson
tariff.
Cleveland denies that he made any bond
arrangement with Morgan, but ail the
Banie Morgan knew Cleveland, and ar
ranged for bonds.
If the Democratic leaders do not wish
the third-term movement to carry their
next National Convention, they had better
begin to get there Eli and head it off.
The willingness of the orators in Con
gress to talk about the Monroe doctrine,
instead of our financial condition, is al
most pleasing enough to be called hu
morous.
If the Weather Bureau is right in at
tributing the lack of rain to a Nevada
"high" it is about time for us to bring Ne
vada over to Truckee and put her on the
toboggan Blide.
Cleveland may be right in claiming the
administration was always in favor of a
popular loan, but he can never claim that
the people were ever in favor of an ad
ministration loan.
In his latest verses the new poet laureate,
Austin, refers to the ocean as "England's
territorial seas," but as a matter of fact it
is on the land that England has been
making her territorial seize of late.
It would be folly in the Senate to attach
a silver rider to tne tariff bill, for the tariff
bill is intended oiiiy for an emergency,
whereas if we are to have any silver legis
lation we want it enacted as the perma
nent policy of the country.
Norman's bubbling delight over his dis
covery that American statesmen favor
submitting the Venezuelan dispute to ar
bitration is one of the humors of the sea
eon. Arbitration is what America has
been demanding all the time.
The only man who lias conic out of the
South African muddle with credit ia
President Krueger of the Transvaal, and
be lias deserved honor, for he has shown
himself to be not only a brave leader in
battle, but wise and magnanimous in
victory.
Although the anti-funding bill conven
tion has been called to meet as early as
next Wednesday there can be no doubt
it will be sufficiently well attended to be
thoroughly representative of the Stare.
The time to prepare for it is short, but the
emergency is pressing, and delay would
have been dangerous. It is an occasion
that calls for prompt action and the people
of California will show energy and resolu
tion enough to meet it and master it.
The credit given tv Tin: C&IX by the
Bulletin yesterday for the story of Mrs.
Tunnell reflects a credit on itself, as it not
only exhibited the true courtesies of jour
nalism, but attested that the Jhillctin has
too high a reputation for gathering news
to need any resort to taking information
from its contemporaries without acknowl
edgment. The action of the Bulletin is the
more notable as many papers fail in this
respect, and for that reason it deserves the
fullest recognition and appreciation,
THE COMING CONVENTION.
The fart thai only one of the three
Mayors of California cities responded in
person to Mayor Sntro's call for a prelim
inary meeting to arrange for holding a
convention of delegates appointed by the
Mayors Of the State is no indication of a
lack of interest in the railroad fundine
bill, as the two who did not appear sent
notice that they would abide by the deci
sion of those in attendance and that their
sympathies were with the movement. As
time is pressing the notice for the conven
tion is short— Wednesday of next week
has been selected as the date for the con
vention. The basis of representation is
one delegate from cities or towns. with a
population ranging from 1000 to 51)00 and
:tn additional delegate fur each 5000. These
ales are to be appointed by the
Mayors of the respective municipalities.
The character of the memorial which
this convention is to address to Congress
is a foregone conclusion, as there is a una
nimity of opinion in California against
the passing of a funding bill, except it
might be prudent to say in those indi
vidual cases where railroad influence has
been able to determine private and otiicial
opinion. If such a pro-railroad sentiment
exists to any considerable extent there is
no present evidence of the fact. The pop-
ular avalanche of opposition to any fund
ing scheme has completely overwhelmed
the railroad influence in California.
The holding of the convention will be for
the purpose of giving formal expression,
by representatives of the people, of the
practically unanimous belief that a fund
ing bill would mean the ruin of California.
The strongest words in our language
would be none too forcible for use in urg-
ing the importance of making the conven
tion thoroughly representative of the
State. It should express all that Califor
nia thinks, feels and means on this sub
ject. It should make clear the will of the
people, manifest their resolute determina
tion and show forth the energy with
which they intend to make their fight
against the monopoly from now on until
it ends in victory.
It should be a strong convention. From
every county, from every city and town
there should come to it the men whose
words mean business, whose influence is
potent, whose action has force and
whose leadership is recognized by the com
munity. Such an assembly would gain
the attention and compel the respect of
3 a~tern Congressmen who remain as yet
ignorant of the effect the funding bill
would have on the industry, the commerce
and the development of this section of the
Union. It would impress the minds of
the careless, win over the indifferent, and
materially aid our Congressmen in the
contest before them.
It is useless to multiply worJs on a sub
ject so well understood. Instruction is
needed by Fastern people, but among
Californians nothing is needed save a de
termination to do that which every one
Inows should be done. The long" fight
against monopoly has reached a crisis at
last. Failure at this juncture would en
tail on the Pacilic Coast evils greater than
can be now estimated. The convention
must meet therefore determined to make
the fight resolutely. It must be vigorous,
bold, independent, aggressive. It must
speak and act for California in such a way
that Congress will know that all Califor
nians stand with it.
OBSTACLES TO COMMERCE,
Professor George Davidson, whose abil
ity cannot be questioned, has made an as
ioisi-bing report to the central body of citi
zens organized to advance the interests of
California. His special task was to ascer
tain and report upon the menaces to navi
gation which exist in and about the harbor
of Fan Francisco, lie has done his work
thoroughly and presented a mass of facts
which even Congress cannot ignore.
lie has made a list of twenty-four dan
gerous rocks which threaten our ocean
commerce and which have already caused
a list of casulties of astonishing length.
lie shows that the losses which have been
thus entailed are immeasurably out of pro
portion to the cost necessary to remove the
rocks, and that in some cases a small frac
tion of the loss from a single one of the
many wrecks which the rocks have caused
would havej been sufficient for the removal
of the obstacles causing it.
In his delving into the records he has
learned that 348 wrecks have occurred be
tween Bodega Head and Santa Cruz, 317
between Point lieyes and Halfinoon JBay,
and 224 within the harbor of ISan Francisco
and within five miles north and south of
the heads. Notwithstanding the millions
that have been thus lost the Government,
according to Professor Davidson, has ex
}>ended only $100,000 in the removal of
dangerous rocks from this viei nity and has
not devoted a cent to that prrpose since
1874. Worse than that, the Government
has lately announced that there is no
necessity for appropriations for removing
these menaces to navigation.
It seems almost incredible that the
Government is thinking of abandoning
the telegraph line from Point Reyes to San
Francisco, when Professor Davidson shows
that the losses from wrecks at that point
foot up nearly $1,000,000 and that San
Francisco is the only place from which aid
in the shape of tugboats or otherwise can
be summoned in case of a wreck.
Every neglect of the harbor of San Fran
cisco means the strengthening of the rail
road monopoly which now holds the State
in its grasp and which is seeking diligently
to defeat the Nicaragua canal project, pass
a funding bill, prevent an appropriation
for the improvement of the interior water
ways of the State, monopolize isthmian
transportation and impose extraordinary
charges on the overland shipment of Cali
fornia products. The possibilities of the
Cape Horn route will never be fully de
veloped until the harbor of San Francisco
and its approaches are made perfectly
Bale, and it is now the duty of our people
to see that this is done.
SILVER AND THE TARIFF.
In the debate in the Republican caucus
on the emergency tariff bill, Senator Tel
ler is reported to have said that for one he
proposed to assist in placing a free-coinage
amendment on every tariff bill until such
a measure became a law. He would not
only vote to put one in this bill, but he de
clared it to be his intention to endeavor to
assist in having such an amendment
placed on a tariff bill in the next Congress
if the Republicans controlled both
branches of the Legislature and the execu
tive.
If the Senator from Colorado was cor
rectly re ported it is nut probable that he
will have the support of any considerable
number of silver Republicans in the policy
he proposes to adopt. It is undoubtedly
true that public prosperity depends upon
a return to the bimetallic system of money
as well as to the protective system of tar
iffs, but none the Jess the two issues are
distinct in every respect and should not be
confounded in legislation. They occupy,
moreover, very different positions in the
domain of practical politics. A reform in
the preseut tariff is attainable now. A
thoroughly protective tariff is assured as
soon as the people liave a cuance to install
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 2 SCO.
in office a Republican President. Mone
tary reform occupies by no means so good
a position either at present or in prospect.
To fasten the two movements together
would be to retard protection without ad
vancing bimetallism, and no good stales
manlike reason can be found for support
ing such a policy.
The error of Senator Teller's position is
the more serious because of the pressing
necessity of tariff reform at once and the
restoration of a completely protective
tariff at the earliest moment possible.
The greater portion of the difliculties in
which cur finances are now involved are
due to the defects of the present tariff.
Under its operation we have the double
evil of deficient revenues and an adverse
balance of trad*.-. By reason of the one we
have to run the Nation into debt to pay
current expenses and by reason of the
other we are forced to export gold to settle
the debts due to foreign nations for the
excess of imports. To redress the defects
of the tariff and get rid of these evils the
emergency bill now before the Senate was
passed by the House. It should be passed
for the relief of the country with an equal
promptness by the Senate, and on Cleve
land should be thrown the responsibility
of rejecting it if he dare 3.
The need of returning to a comprehen
sive protective system as soon as possible
is not less urgent than that establishing
an adequate tariff at once. The emer-
gency bill would benefit the National
treasury as soon as it was nut into force,
but it would only by indirection serve the
industries of the people. To restore to
the country that full measure of prosper
ity it enjoyed under Republican tariffs
another such tariff adapted to tne changed
conditions of the time must be enacted.
Our manufacturers and workingmen are
threatened now with a competition from
Japan far more menacing to the welfare of
home and industry that any we have
known before. Absolute and thorough
protection is therefore the imperative neea
of the time. It should be sacrificed to no
other interest whatever, not even to so
great and beneficent a measure as that of a
return to bimetallism. On that platform
all Republicans can stand and must stand
if they wonkl stand unitedly and securely.
Let us hear no more talk of ''bimetallism
or nothing." The Republican party is the
champion of "protection and bimetallism"
and he only is loyal to the party who
serves both of these causes with an equal
lidelity.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
For the Sunday issue of a great news
paper such as The Call there is an extra-
ordinary expenditure of energy to secure
and present social features that shall
prove as entertaining and instructive in
themselves as they are co mplementary to
the general character of the paper. As
nothing trivial or flimsy is given admis
sion to the weekday columnsof The Call,
and as everything which the paper pub
lishes is intended to be instructive and
helpful, and in its purely artistic charac
ter, whether literary or pictorial, must be
elevating, its special Sunday features have
a wholesome value. To this may be added
the qualification that Thk Call la a Cali
fornia newspaper and is therefore the
most convenient means for informing the
Fastern friends of its local readers con
cerning the attractions of the .State.
In last Sunday's issue appeared a num
ber of pictures furnished by San Francisco
artists as their ideals of the peculiar fea
tures which distinguish the State and
which are worthy of the attention of
painters. The contributors were all men.
To-morrow will appear a series of illus
trations of a similar character by women.
It is common knowledge that the women
painters of the State are numerous and
powerful, and that they have ideas of their
own.
The story of the old Comanche, the
famous monitor which arrived here in
sections in the hold of the Aquilla in 1863
will be told in to-morrow's issue.
The subject of fires has been made to
serve for a symposiu-m in the form of in
terviews with representative citizens, be
ginning with Chief Sullivan of the Fire
.Department. It is a curious fact, as de
veloped in these interviews, that very few
citizens, including Chief Sullivan himself,
have decided what they would do in case
of file in their own homes.
"Miss Russell" gives some bits of advice
which will prove of great interest to lovers
of horses.
"A Itobbery on the Middletown Grade"
is the title of a highly dramatic story by
W. C Morrow, in which the ordinary fea
tures of a stage robbery are complicated
by the introduction of an idiot on the
scene.
A feature of The Sunday Call which
has proved exceptionally welcome is the
page entitled "Novelties in the llealm of
Science, Literature and Art." It will ap
pear to-morrow.
Besides all these will be the literary de
partment, devoted to book reviews and
current literary gossip; fashions for both
sexes; a full account of social happenings;
Bab's letter, which has a special interest
for women; the week's review of the the
aters, and special telegraphic letters from
the centers of political disturbance in
Europe.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
Of Fuiversal Application.
Alamela Telegram.
A great international sermon might be
preached on the text, "Thou shalt not steal."
Lively John Sherman.
Seattle Post-Intelll^encer.
John Sherman may be too old to run for
President, but his activity in Congress does
not indicate that he has suffered any great loss
of either mental or physical power.
The Shore Line at Sea.
Btockton Independent.
There Is no likelihood of trouble with Britain
over the Alaskan boundary unless that Gov
ernment tries to measure ten marine leagues
inland from the islands instead of the shore
which it probably will not do '
Feeding the Son-in-I-aw.
BodiP Mining Index.
The Southern Pacilic Railroad Company is
gobbling mineral land by the thousands of
acres at a grab. But poor old Collis must have
something to stulf into the ever-gaping sack of
that imported son-in-law of his'u
Those Latent English Kighta.
Alameda Encinal.
It lias been admitted by the English diplo
mats that they did not '•strenuously" claim a
new boundary In Alaska until gold deposits
were disxoverod there. The latent rights oi
Kiißland are becoming so numerous that a
definition of them should not be delayed much
longer.
STREETCAR TRANSFERS.
Another Effort for a Reform Ig Soon to
Bo Made.
At the last meeting of the Merchants'
Association the committee on street rail
way transfers, consisting of A. 8. Baldwin,
W. G. Poane, Hugo D. Keil, W. 8. Kohl
berg, F. A. Swain. A. S. Hallidie, C. E.
Dnscoll, S. W. Dixon and Frank Maskey,
was increased by adding a number of gen
tle men outside of the association.
This committee will meet Mr. Vining
superintendent of the Market-street sys
tem of railways, and confer with him con
cerning the reduction of the transfer traffic
and the extension of the limits of trans
fers.
Lngineer McCullough of the association
has prepared a directory und guide of the
City Hall.
PERSONAL.
George 9. Mills of Olympia is here.
I. Lowengast, a banker of Portland, is at the
<>i cidental.
B. K. Block, a wine merchant of Paoramento.
is ai the Lick.
Stute Controller E. P. Colgan has arrived
here for a short stay.
William B. Fisher, a wealthy business man
of Denver, is at the Palace.
R. B. Butler, the vineyardist of Fresno, princi
pal owner of the Fresno Kxpositor, is in the
City.
John McMurray, a wealthy miner of Weaver
ville, who has been on a visit to the East, is at
the (iraud.
L. P. Sage, the wealthy California pioneer,
who is owner of the Coneress Mineral Springs,
is at the Lick.
Bishop Morris of the Episcopal Church of
Oregon arrived here from Portland yesterday
aud is at the Palace.
Dr. David Starr-Jordan, president of the Stan
ford University aud of the Acadamy of Sci
ences, is at the Occidental.
A. N. Gilbert of Salem, formerly a member of
the Oregon Legislature and now superintendent
of the Oregon penitentiary, is in the City.
J. H. Porter, a wealthy mining man of Red
ding, is at the Kuss. He brought down a large
and handsome piece of rock from one of his
mines, which shows the quicksilver fairly boil
ing out of it.
Admiral Beardslee of the United States flag
ship Philadelphia sailed for San Diego on the
steamer Mexico yesterday, accompanied by
Mrs. Leardslee and Mrs. Edmundson, wife of
Captain Edmundson. The Philadelphia will
start for San Diego in a day or two.
Sir AudleyCootof Australia, who has been
in this country for some time in reference to
the trans-l'acilic cable, left for Washington
again yesterday. He says the Hawaiian cable is
the one he is now bending all his energies upon,
but that ere long there is no doubt there will
be a complete cable system between Japan, Aus
tralia, Samoa, Tahiti, Hawaii and San Fran
cisco.
Thomas Hill, the noted artist of Yosemite,
who some weeks ago went North with the in
tention of painting Mount Baker, returned
here yesterday and is at the Palace. It rained
so much tha: Mr. Hill could not see the sun,
and he had to give up his project for the time,
lie remained in Portland, where he has many
friends, and enjoyed a vacation there. lie
thinks now he will do next to no work till
spring.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 10.— Among recent
arrivals are: Miss Johnson, Brunswick; H. C.
Tibbits, Grand Union; W. 11. Wiester and wife,
Marlborough; J. a Curtis, St. Cloud; A. Stern
and wife, Holland; E. is. Westcott and wife,
Grand Union.
EDUCATING FROGS.
There is one queer fact which Dr. Ernest
Lederle of the Health Board Eeems to have-es
tablished by his recent experiments with throe
Staten Island frogs, and that is that the little
animal, while capable of receiving instruction
in a limited degree, has a very short memory,
says the New York Evening Sun. When he
first got possession of the frogs, several months
Training tho Frogs.
ago, they were so wild that If he went near the
jar in which they were confined they would at
once dive to the bottom and- crawl to the
farthest corner. They gradually became ac
quainted, and one of the trio became so tame
that the doctor could hold him in the palm of
his [hand, while the creatuie croaked vigor
ously as a token of the pleasure he experi
enced. The little fellow would sit on the brick
island and snap live water bugs out of his mas
ter's hand.
It required about two months to educate the
most intelligent of the three to this point, and
a second had just begun to croak while be was
held in the hand, when Dr. Lederle was called
out of the city in connection with his duties as
a chemist in the Health Department. He was
absent four days in the western part of the
State. 4
When he returned the first thing be Inquired
about was how the frogs were getting on. He
found that they had been well cared for and
fed regularly on water bugs, but when he tried
to take them up in his hands and mate them
croak as they once did he discovered that they
were as wild as on the day when he got them
from the boy who captured them in the Staten
Island pond. It was evident that even the
most intelligent one hud quite forgotten all
that his owner had done for him.
The course of education had to be gone nil
over again, even from the primary department.
The second course, which was opened at once
upon Dr. Lederle's return, was successful; and
this time it took ten days to tame the green
little pets. In that time they were brought
back into pretty good form, and would make
that peculiar guttural sound which tho word
"kerchunk" is falsely suppos ed to represent.
Dr. Lederle at first had intended to use the
frogs for experiments with certain poisons;
but when be discovered that even this ap
parently brainless member of the animal king
dom had intelligence enough to learn to know
its friends he made up his mind to continue
the experiment up to the limits of the crea
ture's capacity. It struck him as a scientific
man that tne discovery that the frog could
forget was conversely a proof that he also had
the faculty of memory to a certain degree, and
that this was by no means the least interesting
of his discoveries, lie made up his mind that
he would not sacrifice the frogs to the interests
of science.
"It is evident, too," said the doctor yester
day, as he fondled one of the educated frogs,
"that they have the sense of identity. They
will allow no one but myself to pet them, nor
have 1 ever seen them croak lor any one else."
A MAD MONARCH.
It would make the European chessboard a
much less interesting object If the game of
politics were played without Emperor William,
who is a species of electrical eel with a crown
on its head. This mechanical passage at arms
of the diplomats, togetß>r with the alarming
side moves of the powers, keeps the world of
finance on the gui Vive, when it would other
wise lapse into a lethargic state. But for Em
peror William's idiosyncrasies how dull would
be the routine of state watching state, and the
long, slow checkmating which has gone on
ever since there were countries to be jealous of
one another. Thanks to this erratic Hohen
zollern, with the blood of the Georges in his
veins, there is something beside the monotony
of kingly reigns in this history for the future.
The Kaiser is tainted with the family malady,
but not to such a degree that he is considered
irresponsible for his actions. His mind is not
■without intelligence, and his clief mental fail
ings are the somewhat negative ones of exces
sive conceit ana a superlative restlessness,
which he does not seek to control. Both traits
throw him into a whirl of extravagances. The
ODserver, with much less temptation, not to
say power to gratify it, wonders at this want of
balance in a man of marked ability, and
perfunctorily classes him among those lunatics
who are constantly met with in the
sanest relations' ol life.. A mere spider
web line separates these two conditions
which William II represents. He is as mad as
the .March Hare in "Alice in Wonderland,"
and he is as sane as a New England professor
of physics,, and between whiles he is most
amusing to everybody save his own household
and the majority of the German people. Those
who suffer from these vagaries can find no en
tertainment In such a strange ruler. They
would prefer less of surprise and more of the
conservatism which dignified their monarchs
of old, while at the same time they clamor for
those radical changes made necessary by. this
wild young man's ideas of divine right.
The German Emperor, as he appears at this
distance, is an archaic tyrant garbed in
modern dress—a sort of materialized thumb
screw placed oil a nation (struggling to think
and act independently of traditions. One 9f
the evidences of his mental unbalance is his
excessive extravagance, which, a writer re
cently said, for the deluge of debt and lia
bilities is only paralleled by the reign of his
ancestor, King George IV of England. It a}>
pears that this extraordinary recklessness is
the more noticeable from the fact that
until now the Hohenzollerns have been
noted for their thrift, which went to
the other extreme, and obtained for
them a reputation for penuriousness. With a
salary of £5,000,000 for filling the duties of
emperorship, William is yet over head and
ears in debt, which hi.s creditors cannot collect
by any process of law, the trademan's claim
against loyalty being referred to the minister
and grand ma-ster of the household, from
whose decision there is no appeal. It is true
that an expensive family has to bo maintained,
and six boys, young as they are, constitute a
tax on the civil list, but the "father does not let
the children make a very deep hole in his
pocuet as yet. He burns liis money in other
ways. But where it all goes is a puzzle to
the nation, which has provided the Emperor
with palaces, three yachts and a couple of rail
road trains, one of which is said to be a palace
on wheels. Besides these bagatelles there are
several hundred uniforms, and as his Majesty
is self-appointed colonel to some fifty different
regiments he probably needs them all, as well
as the pay, which he does not disdain drawing,
to say nothing of the forage allowance for some
200 horses.
Whom tue gods wish to destroy they first
make mnd. home one. and it was not Foult
ney Bigelow, of course, has irreverently likened
Emperor William to a circus. Butheis more.
He la must amusing, he shocks old-time preju
dices and paves the highway to the new order
ol belief in republics.— Boston Herald.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Marrying Age— R. B. H., City. The average
marrying age of men in the United States is 27
years and 4 months, of women 21 :3; in (ler
many, men 29:7, women 27:1 ; in France, men
'30.-, women 24:9.
Points in Casino— R. J. X., City. If when
four men play casino A builds a 9, B plays a 4,
C plays a 5 and D a jack A has the right, with
a 9 spot, to take up nis build and the 4 and 5,
as those two make a combination of 9.
The Queen's Powee-S. J., Oakland, Cal.
The sovereign of England cannot herself
make any alteration in the existing laws, but
she may refuse to sanction alterations sug
gested by the two houses of Parliament.
Tuequoise— W., Alameda, Cal. It is said that
tho reason so many Russians wear tur
quoise as an ornament is their belief that the
gem is a talisman against a cruel fate. The
Hindoos consider It a preserver against violent
death.
Weight of Guns— J. 11., San Bruno Road,
City. With an exception or two, the heaviest,
guns on battle-ships are as follows: United
States, 61 tons; England and Italy, 68 tons;
Russia, 5G tons; France, 40 tons, and Germany,
36 tons.
Dividends— J. MeG., City. The question
asked is not one of general interest, and being
purely a personal one cannot be answered in
this department. The information you desire
you can obtain by calling at the office of the
company.
"Vikgixius"— T. M., City. The tragedy of
"Virginius" was written by James Sheridan
Snowies in 1820, and the first to appear In the
title role was John Cooper, Glasgow, the year
the tragedy was written* The part was after
ward made famous by Macready.
Mast and Money— a. S. R., City. The reason
for placing one or more pieces of money under
tho bottom of a mast on a ship at the time it
is stepped is that there are many who believe
that when this is done the vessel will never be
wrecked, and further that it will drive evil
spirits away. Sailors are very superstitious.
A Physician's Address— Constant Reader,
City. If there is a physician in San Francisco
"who makes a business of straightening noses,
moving in outstanding ears and otherwise
perfecting the features, his address cannot be
given in Answers to Correspondents for the
reason that this department does not advertise
any one.
Battle at Alkie— S. S. C, Georgetown, E
Dorado County, Cal. The following from the
"Record of the War of the Rebellion," pub
lished by order of the United States Secretary
of War, shows the exact datu of the action at
Aldie, West Virginia:
Headquarters Cavalry Corps, i
Ai.niK, June 17, 18(53— 5 v. m. \
I arrived at 4 :30 and found a brigade of Fltzlint;h
!.<-e just into Aldie. I attacked at once, and by a.
have taken lifiy prisoners, whom I urn
sending Id. There Is no infantry this side of Blue
ltiJge; iliat is certain. A. Pt.kaSantox,
Brigadier-General.
i IKN"KB iii WlliliTAMß, Act insj Adjutant-General.
P. & — The light is Btill going ou.
In another dispatch, dated the 18th of June,
the brigadier-general calls attention to the
fact "the action of yesterday" resulted in the
capture of nine Confederate officers and fifty
four enlisted men, besides a number killed.
The Feuerals had six officers and forty-six men
killed, nine officers and 12.1 men wounded, and
six officers and 113 men captured or missing.
The liu'ht was by Kilpatrick s brigade.
The I'kesidency— R. O. G., City. The answer
to the question, "If an American and wife dur
ing a three years' trip abroad have a sou born
to them, is that son eligible for the Presidency
of the United Btates?" Is to be found in the
constitution, which says: "No person except
a natural born citizen or ariti/.enof the United
States at the time of the adoption o£ this con
stitution shall be eligible to the office of Presi
dent." It has been asserted that "natural" in
that section means "native," and that as chil
dren of parents wno are now or have been
citizens of the United States art', though born
out of the limits and jurisdiction of the United
States, considered citizens thereof, a son born
to citizens of the United States while travel
ing abroad would be eligible. If such a citizen
were ever elected his right to the office would
no doubt be contested, and the Supreme Court
would have to construe the meaning of the
term "natural born."
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Lord Lonsdale's hobby is to collect whips.
Some in his possession are worth over $500
each.
Dr. Georpe Mac Donald, whose health ot late
has been fairly good, is now at work on another
story.
Kaiser Wilhelm i 9 said to be partial to a
queer mixture of kirschwasser and American
whisky.
Nearly one-half of the National House mem
bers are college graduates, and the same is true
of the Senate. Some 63 per cent of the Repre
sentatives and 68 per cent of the Senators are
lawyers.
The Turkish Government has made over
tures to M. Turpin, the inventor of the explo
sive known as melinite, to go to Constantino
ple and make experiments with his new engine
of destruction.
A French Canadian couple, Louis Darwin
and his wife, now living in St. Paul, recently
celebrated the eightieth anniversary of their
marriage. The husband is 107 years of age
and the wife is 101.
Knackfuss, the painter, explains Kaiser
Wilhehn'fl extraordinary picture of "Civiliza
tion in l'eril." He says that the Buddha and
the dragon do not represent an impending inva
sion of Mongolians, but indifference for Chris
tianity and anarchy.
Andrew Carnegie has announced that he
will give $50,000 a year for the embellishment
of the museums and the art pallery in Pitts
burg bearing his name. The only proviso
that he attaches to the gift is that two or more
pictures by American artists be purchased
each year.
Dr. Mary Walker is now living on a farm
about three miles west of Oswego, N. Y. She
is a familiar figure on the streets of the town,
to which she drives nearly every day. She
always wears a full*suit of black broadcloth,
witn Prince Albert coat ana silk hat, and walks
with a cane.
The summer house of Emanuel Swedenborg
was sold recently to Dr. Arthur Hazelius, the
founder of the Northern Museum at Stock
holm, and will be removed from its present lo
cation to Skanscn, a branch of the museum.
There were many American and English bid
ders for this little house.
La Tarrasse, where the Czannvitz is to stay
during his sojourn in the Riviera, is on the
shoulder of the mountain between Nice and
Villefranca. To go there one passes by the
1 .. If you want a sure relief for *»ains in the back, side, chest, or
7 limbs, use an 7
i i\iIGOCK S Plaster I
j r^llCviwlV & Plaster
7 Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and Lmita- ; \
|P tions is as good as the genuine. t l(
small farmhouse and garden of Michael Gari
baldi's uncle, which was inhabited for some
years by Gambetta's father.
Mr. Kaibfleisch of Rochester is a vestryman
ot Christ Church iv that city and the ticket
agent of the New York Central Railroad.
While he was in his office the other day a man
came to the window and said he wanted a
ticket to Christ Church. Mr. Kaibfleisch
thought he was being made the victim of a
joke until the man added, "Christ Church, New
Zealand." He could not be accommodated
with a ticket to that place, and he bought one
to Timaru, New Zealand, which is about 14,000
mi!es from Rochester.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
"How do you manage to make yourself so
popular with all the old bachelors?"
Widow — I ask them for their advice.
He— And do you manage it the same way
with the young ones?
Widow— Oh, no; with them I ridicule the
advice the older ones give.— AYoonsocket Re
porter.
"Please look here a moment, Miss Grogan,"
said the gentleman whose mission in life was
to hourly entertain the admiring public by
dislocatiug his neck.
"Phat is ut, Mr. Smith?" returned the beauti
ful Circassian Princess, pleasantly.
"Ib ma head on straight?"— Harper's Bazar.
Miriam— Don't you thiak my new hat a poem,
Ned?
Ned (critically)— From its height, dear, I
should, instead, compare it to a short story.—
Judge.
"We have no use for bear stories," said the
editor. ''Our readers demand something
spicy."
'•Well," said the man with the manuscript,
"this story is about a cinnamon bear.' I—Sport1 — Sport
Afield.
The Thin One— Dear me I You are losing all
your outlines.
The Fat One— And you are getting to bo
nothing else.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
•'Plenty of presents at your house, I suppose.
What ones did your boy like best?"
"Those that our neighbor's boy received."—
New York Recorder.
Thus departed Hiawatha
To the land of the Dukotas
To the land of handsome women;
And in ninety days returning
A divorcclet he brought with him.
To his wife he gave the ha-ha —
Sent her back unto her ma-ma,
Ju the outskirts of Chicago.
— Nebraska State Journal.
LADY'S BELTED WAIST.
A charming model for throe fabrics is here
shown. It may be made without the lining.
The pattern is r.ut with the back in one piece.
The front is laid in a box-pleat on either side.
It opens at the top to show a plastron, from
which rcvers of the latest shape turn back.
The sleeves are particularly effective, made of
striped materials to show the fdlds at the top.
A -white lawn with i>ink stripes would be
exquisite, trimmed with while plastron, and
revers trimmed with yellow Valenciennes la.cc.
Another charming way of making up striped
materials is to use the material crosswise for
the plastron, the stripes in the body being used
up and down.
A waist of blue-colored heavy linen after this
model might have revers and plastron of white
lawn.
Blue duct could be made very effective with
the revers and plastron in blue and white
striped or plain white duelc.
Forcrepou or light >vools ttie most stylisn
and summer-like trimming is Hux-colored grass
linen or batiste, which could be used for tru
revers and plastron. These miuht be trimmed
with narrow valenciennes lace or insertion.
AIDED THE LIBSARY.
Trustees Acknowledge the Generosity
of airs. Hearst and Mr. Flood.
At a meeting of the trustees of the Mer
cantile Library, held January 7, the follow
ing resolution was unanimously adopted :
Resolved, That the thanks of the trustees of
the Mercantile Library Association be and are
hereby tendered to Mrs. Phoebe Hearst and J.
L. Flood for their generous donations to this
library, and that they be declared elected
honorary members of this association.
At the last meeting of the trustees of the
Mercantile Library Association it was an
nounced that Mrs. Hearst had donated
$5000 and Mr. Flood $1000 to the funds of
the library.
* — ■♦ — * . — .
STATE FLORAL SOCIETY.
Officers Who Will Oversee Its Manage
ment for the Ensuing Year.
The California State Floral Society held
its regular monthly meeting at the Y. M.
NEW TO-DAY.
Be Sure
Your
-Light-
is right, then go ahead.
Don't expect your cigar to smoke well
if you don't light it evenly and thoroughly
and keep it lit. The best tobacco, the high-
est skill, the utmost care and years of
experience makes the
—New—
Estrella
the perfection of cigars, but all this counts
for little when cartessly lighted— one cigar
is as good as another then. The New
Estrella is in new sizes and new light
colors, from new crop leaf.
2 for 25c. loc. 3 for 2Jc.
EBBERG, BACHMAN A CO., WHOLESALERS
C. A. building yesterday afternoon and
elected the following officers for the en
suing year: President, Professor E. J,
Wickson; vice-Dresident, L. O. Hodgkina;
corresponding "secretary, Mrs. W. H.
Smyth- recording secretary, Professofl
Emory Smith ; treasurer, John Henderson j
accountant, F. A. Bruns; directors, John
Hinkle and Mr?. Austin Sperry. Exhibi
tion committee-Professor Emory Smith,
manager; Mrs. 0. D. Baldwin, secretary;
Mrs. Amos Mecartney, Mrs. W. S. Chand
ler and Mis. B. Harris.
The society will hereafter make the
Palace Hotel" its regular meeting place,
where an exhibition of wild flowers will ba
held some time in the month of April.
PUPILS OF EVERETT SCHOOL,
Interesting Exercises to Mark the Open
ing of Eureka Valley.
Wednesday the pupils of Everett Gram
mar School held exercises in commemora
tion of the nineteenth anniversary of the
opening of the first school in Eureka Val
ley.
Interesting papers were read by mem*
bers of the eighth grade class showing
the change in this locality; also by Al
bert Elliott, Almia Thompson, Ethel Ham*
niond, Ninita Bruce, Robert Belser, Allis*
tor McKenzie and Molly Jrwin of the*
ninth grade, ana by the principal.
* — « — •
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
» * — •
Towhbend's famous Broken Candy, 10c lb. *
» . ♦ >
Mixed Candies, 10c lb. Townsend'?, Palace. •
» — • — ♦
Special dale choice cream-mixed candies 150
pound, worth 33c. Townsend's. ! * ';
» — ♦ — •
Special information daily to manufacturer,
business houses and public men by the Pros*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
• — — •
Barry's Star, 5 Cents.
A rousing protest against the funding bill >
Dr. Brown discussed; Civic Federation scored J
Menzies-Gunst decision reversed ; etc., etc. *
• — «. — • — ,
He— Do you ever have any hops out in your
town?
Country Cousin— Oh, yes. Pa raised ten
acres of 'em this year.— New York Eveninaj
World.
TroN-afair trial Hood's Sarsaparilla fulfills :u%
chiims made for it. It is the one true blood purifie
hence its success in alleviating pain and curing di ;•»
ease after other remedies have failed.
CHICAGO LI3IITKD.
VIA SAMA KE ItOUTK.
A now train throughout begins October 23.
Pullman's finest sleeping-cars, vestibule reclining
chair cars and dining-cars. Los Angeles to Chi
cago, via Kaunas City, without change. Annex
cars on sharp connection for Denver an 1 St,
Louis. Twenty-seven hour 3 quicker than Ui*
quickest competing train. The Santa Fe haj be«t»
put In fine physical condition and is now liie iw;
transcontinental railway.
To neglect tnenairisto lose youth and comelK
ness. Save it with I'arkkr's Haib Rai.iam.
I'.uiK bb's (itNiiKK Tonic cures inward pain.
Ws recommend the use of Dr. sie*prt's Angos*
tnra Bitters to our friends who suffer with dyspep*
sia.
"Brown's Bronchia; Tp.nrrtEs" are of Rrea^
service in subduing Hoarseness and Coughs*
Sold only in boxes. Avoid imitations.
"I left a letter on my table when 1 wont out»
Where is It?"
Valet— l hope you won't mind sir. I though^
it would do nicely for my sweetheart, so 6
posted it to her. Your Christian name is the>
same as mine.— Tit Bits.
NEW TO-DAY.
REAL ESTATE
FOB SALE BY
Bos. lap 4 Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Keal Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
IXIOV TRUST BUILDIvG, COR.VER JIARKET.
NEW PROPERTY.
Clay st., near Davis: brick building; rents $150
good frontage; only $28,000.
Third St.. near .Mission; brick building; leased.
at $145; $22,500.
Pacific aye., near Octavia; fine residence IS
rooms and modern: first-class order; fine viewr
11,500.
Leavenworth St., near Post; 27:6 feet front and
good building; $13,000.
Shot well st., \V. side, near 22u; 56x96:6, am*
two cottages 5 rooms and bath each; rents 830 1
line street; only if 5000.
Eighteenth St., bet. Sanchez and >Toe; 25til4i
$1200. '
small INVESTMENTS SOUTH of
MARKET STREET.
Ninth St., near Mi—ion: good business block; 3
Bata and lot 25x70; store should be put there
$13,000. * .
Reduced to $4100; 6th : t., bet. Bryant and Bran-.
nan: 25x85; rents $35; ground rent under lease
Howard >t.. W. side, bet. 6th and 7th; 28x90; 2-
story, double store, and ttat of 10 rooms above »
rents about $700 a year; $8750.
Sixth st., W. side, near Bryant; 60x85 and ::-
story; 2 stores below and 6 tenants upstairs; rentt
low, $69; $9000; ball can remain on mortgage.
Must be sold to close an estate; ma c offer-
rents $74; pries asked $8500: 6tb st., neat Koi^
som: 25x75 and 8-story building; 2 stores below,.
Rents $100; $12,500; store property; Howard
St., near loth.
WESTERN ADDITION HOUSES AM>
LOTS, $5000 TO .-$lO,OOO.
Post st., bet. Polk st. and Van Ness aye.: 27 6xv
120 to reur street, ana very good 2-story residence »'
$10,000.
< bean; only $5000; Bush st., near Fillmore;
27:4x137 :0 and 2-story and basement house- SI
rooms, 2 baths; in line order.
Clay at., north side, bet. Fillmore and Steiner;
-axiO2 and good 2-story; 7 rooms and modern,
conveniences; $5000.
Octavia st, west side, bet. Broadway and Va»
llejo; 25x112:6 and 2-story of 8 rooms; in very
good order: flue view of bay; street bitumil
only $0000; easy terms.
$60li0— Very fine house and lot; 25x100; Mr*
Allister st., near Baker: very easy terms: only
$1500 cash required.
$7000— 8 left; new houses, just finished; 0 room*
and all modern conveniences; tine view of ban
only $500 Cash and terms as rent if desired- Bu-
chanan St., nr. Green; short blocks from Pacific?
aye., 1 block from Union-st. cars and 2 blocks from
new line on Fillmore st.
Clay st., bet. Scott and Devlsadcro; flats writ
built and cost $4000; rents $57 50 and lot 25x125 ]
56500; tine neighborhood.
Octavia st. anil Hickory aye. ; corner and 2-story
and basement house In good order; bet. Oak and
FeU; *5125.
Sacramento St.; bet. Broderick and Baker: 27:6
x 127:8, and very fine 2-story, well finished in nau
ural wood, finely papered and frescoed; 8 rooms
and modern conveniences; only $7175; street In
ord"r; cable-cars pass.
Clay st., N. side. bet. Polk and Van Ness; 50x;
137:6. and 2-story house on part of the lot; balance
vacant; can be Improved to pay 8 per cent net.
CORNER AND INSIDE WESTERN AD-
DITION LOTS, ALL PRICES.
Pine and Buchanan. N\V. corner; 65x81:3; both
streets sewered and Pine bituminized; $10,000}
make offer.
Corner; 35:6x100; $3100: corner Fillmore an<*
Filbert: stone blocks on Fiilmore and Filbert st.
sewered ; a very desirable cheap corner.
Reduced to $4100; Grove and Lyou corner;
37:6x100; for business or residence.
Gojgh-st. lots; 25x112:6: $4500 each; between
Grove and Fulton; street bituminized.
Cheap; "Waller st., north side, a few feet from
Market St.; lots 25x137:6; only $3500 each.
DevisaUero .st., near Washington; 25x110* re
d need to $3750; street paved; electric cars pass*
fine lot and neighborhood. •
i Very cheap lot; 37:6x96:3; on Lacuna, near
Waller: one block from Market st.; only 83750.
llJr< DA I UYT^X
Jyik SPECIAL^
I'm Saturday, Jan. 11th. To-day only.
I « Sonoma Preserve Co.
In Strawberry or Raspberry
LM Pure Fruit Jam, in useful
Im screw-cap jar, 15 cts.
I ft! Complete lists at your command
1 Largest Department store.
1.3 Smiths' Cash Store,
W 41 4, 41 6, 41 8 FRONT ST., S.F.
-i.\M AKY 11, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
TAimvi-v Thkateb.— of Eve."
Caijfornta Theateb—" Macbeth."
Colcmbia THKATKii-"Tlie Lost Paradise."
Morosco's OPKitA-ll<>rsK--ThP Fugitive"
Tivoli Opera-house.— "lxlon:or, The Man of
the » hoel.'. 1
< m. — High Mass Vaudeville.
1,-BovFr.e Ai.cA7AK.-"My Precious Baby."
fBCOTTHK Cht-i -Daily »t HalgUt street
c» c- l!ock <ast of tho Turk.
' i *, ii v Coast Jookky n.rn. — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Tv John H. Fbkkch. —.This day (Saturday),
■WutciiPs. Jewelry, etc, at 221 Montgomery st.,
a- 10:30 a. m.
By Vox Rhein Co.— Thmsdnv, January 16.
Real Kstnte, at ii, 513 California street,
at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
side suspects were discharged by
o w.
[ing committees of the Grand Jury were
Lay.
• c more of the Eilis-street poolsellers
I yesterday.
J. D. T. McGaughey, the Flayer of Dr. Plouf,
charged with forgery.
White vs. Charles I. White. Defendant
- ; .'• a month for support of chil
:
■ Mnrphy was knocked down and robbed
I : Is on Clementina street yesterday
R. Spring Is suing the Piedmont Bath
Company for $59,000 due on three
S6ory notes.
iriiinen at Ingleside yesterday were:
Minnie I, Key del Bandidos, Chartreuse I,
Olive and Braw E
Weather Prophet Hammond thinks the end
Of the dry spell is at hand, and that we will
have ram before Sunday is past.
>udy but probably without rain" fl
ira • - "f to-day's weather accord
ing to A. McAdie, forecast official.
Marion Brogi is saing the Market-street Rail
way Company rorsso,ooo damag< s for injuries
received on one of the consolidated lines.
Mrs. Fannie B. Heineoke lias filed »n answer
ni'.'i cron-complaint to the complaint for di
vorce recently filed by Paul Heiuecke, her htis
band.
The Occident scores the women in the Urown-
Davidson case. The Jewish rimes an.i Obser
alls upon lir. Brown rindicate his
honor.
The .T.:n!or Order United Ami riean Mechan
observe the anniversary of the birth of
Washington by a parade and literary enter
tainmi
Attorney-General Fitzgerald's closing argu
ment in "the injunction case brought by the
Southern Pacific Railroad against the Railroad
Commissioners.
i Ibrary As-oi:nt:on of Central California
ting at the Mercantile
. • ted its officers for
irth Bank i.s suing the
amount of the raised
ker Bank cashed last
: :i(sn.
Protective Union yesterday
- I lai ing a boycott on the
■ . wnere noa-union mv
i ployed.
A. W. Seley, is charged with absconding
■ (2000 from the Suss House, had his
examination before Judge Low
:.; . and was kt>;ti for trial.
San Francisco, Oakland, Stock
- . ramento have issued a call for the
ling bill convention which is to t.e
' : poll tan Temple one week from
I
•< ten-stamp quartz mill, made in
with Hi! \h<; necessary hoisting
auxiliary shops, is one of'the recent
■::s to the museum of the State Mining
K';n.-rt':.
Ex-Foreman Buchanan of the Fire Depart
"W he was tried and convicted by
the Fire Commissioners, ana how the funa for
- a;.il orphans is handled for political
At the rop-nlar moetinj? of the Union Leasrue
rday afternoon a lett<-r was
•■ I H. Ditnond. in which he
■ > withdraw as candidate for
L. I. Pease, a young Oregonian, who lately
traveled along the Lower California coast from
neat Tia.'uanato Ensenada, being forced to
kill his horse and nearly losing his life, is at
the Palace.
- Elizabeth A. Heydenfeldt has been cited
ear before Judge Coffey and show cause
why stie should not be ••ompelled to return
part of her inheritance to the estate of Solomon
". H.-vdenfeldt.
The Republican Executive Council had an en
meeting last night. Many new
members were *worn in. and word was received
of the support and approval of the County
I ; cc.
:ir.fi county Attorney CresweH has ren
■inion that Miss C. K. (ampbellis
•■ retired on a pension under the
act passed by the Legislature, having com
plied with the provisions of the measure.
United States District -fudge Morrow decided
the controvi ■• Frederick A. Kunns of
ere Compagnie d'Assur
i'ol ving a question of marine
c company yesterday.
S. C. Heil _■ ■ f Portland, manager of the
Norths cult of theaters, and L. J.
'o<\ in some
ot the ■ re here to lease one. of the
local theaters, anl failing in this will build one.
When the State Hoard of Trade opens at Hi
Post street on February 1 it is to have a "com
mercial exnibit" of all things appertaining 'o
the manufactures mid trades of the Pacific
States, Alaska, the Sandwich Islands and
Samoa.
Judge Trontt ha ■ H t Madison Bab
cock, as appoinn- : -.1 of Education
Bab
• Young's suit for
lace was sustained without leave to
At tho meetinpof the Trail:- Association yes
terday it was decided to make a fight apa'iiist
the 0. K. a:;d and N. <
Coast, that is takine :■■ inward from
md at si a ton to thi . : >, in iran
cisco merchants.
The suit of the City against ex-Tax Collector
■ n for the amount of p. ■ ■ r t ace
iiih:< accounts, has beendei l< lin O'Brien's
ia\(.r. The verdict exonerati Q an y
« h«rs, r <- grhlcb the discovery of the i ■ repancy
bi cui'lit upon nim.
The Junta, nr "regular Democrats," want to
have the nexi Democratic State Convention
far away from ten Francisco bo that the
b, who, it is claim". l by the
jit ion iir-_- nearly all too poor to pay rail
way iares, rn'ist stay at home.
In the controversy between the Panford
estate and the Savings aud Loan Society over
the title to the Los Meganoe rancho of 13,000
n Contrß <'us:n County, Master in Chan
cery Heacock reports tbat the estate owes the
society about (225.000, and recommends that
the property go to Mrs. Sanford on payment
«,f the mortgages and interest.
TWO BIG FORECLOSURES.
The K«ttate of Louis Blank and Other
Defendants Lose Valuable
Land,
Judgment in the case of the Hibernia
Bank against Louis Blank and others has
been rendered, and the mortgage for
$72,000. with $0000 interest, has been fore
closed.
Sonic years ago Blank and a number of
friends bought up a lot of land facing on
the east side of Castro street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. There was
enough to make ninety 12.5-foot lots, and
the idea was to cut the tract up and sell it
in small subdivisions. The land belonged
to Mrs. Moses Hopkins, and cost the syn
dicate which purchased it $120,000.
Of this amount $72,<KX> was borrowed
from the Hibernia Bank, and this money
with wiiai the syndicate had was pnid to
Mr*. Hopkins." The remainder, $15,000,
was secured by a second mortgage, the
172,000 to the Hibernia Bank being secured
by a first mortgage.
I tie syndicate was swamped with the
interest, for there was no capital behind
it, and the suit for foreclosure was finally
ht by the Hibernia Bank. Mrs.
Hopkins pat in a cross-complaint, and the
judgment or yesterday affects both. The
judgment forecloses the bank mortgage of
$81,000 and aixo the second mortgage of
Mr-. Hopkins for $IVOO.
Blai k w.-ts the defaulting cashier of
the B'nai B'ritb lodge, who committed
suicide a short time ago.
AT LIBERTY ONCE MORE
The Ingleside Suspects Dis
charged From Custody by
Judge Low.
CHEEHING IN THE COURTROOM.
A Large Number of Witnesses Called
by the Defense Clear the
Prisoners.
The three boys— for so they may be
called— Gardner," Middlemisa and Welch,
who were accused of the robbery at the
Ingleside track on Christmas day of last
year, are now free. From the beginning
the case of the prosecution looked weak.
The final proceed. ngs in the case took
place in Judge Conlan's courtroom yester
day afternoon, Jndge Low presiding. The
room w:\s densely crowded, and as the
examination proceeded the crowd grew
larger and the interest mure nrirked.
Policeman Shadric Campbell was the
Brst witness examined. He repeated in
substance the testimony given by the
- policemen relative to the appre
hension of the defendants at the Olympic
Salt Water Pumping Company's pier on
the night of December 2G. He said Middle
miss did most of the talking when ques
tion, until told by Gardner to "dry up."
Captain Lees testified that he had seen
Gardner and Middlemisa at the pier ou
the night of December 20, and had driven
back to town with Middle miss in the same
t ugßy, Gardner returning in the patrol
wagon. Middlemisa stated to the cantain
thai Welch was waiting for him at the San
Francisco saloon. He also complained to
the witness that his arrest would be a se
vere blow to his family. On reach inn town
the witness questioned Gardner as to his
possible share in the robbery. Gardner
said he could prove that he" was in the
theater at the time the affair took place.
Policeman Crockett stated he had been
detailed on the night of December 'JH to
look for Welch at. the Ban Francisco sa
loon. Ho found him there, and toid him
Captain Lees wanted him. Welch asked,
'■\\ bat dots he want me for, the hold-up?"
Mr. (iesford, in opening the case for the
defense, stated, with considerable fullness,
the f.icts educed by the testimony, and
said the prosecution had altogether failed
to connect tne defendants, with the rob
bery.
I'oliceruan fjtoddard was the first wit
ness for the defense. He suited that
shortly before 6 o'clock on the evening of
Christmas day he saw Middlemiss Dear the
racetrack. The defendant was drunk at
t lie time and the witness accompanied
him into town. Middlemiss had said the
olh'cer's star bore the number 41H. A.- a
fact the officer's number is 415, but when
Middlemiss saw it the ligures were indis
tinct. Since then, the witness said, the
numbering had been "fixed."
"You haven't been lixed yourself, have
you?" queried Judge Low, rather in
cisively.
Claude Hirschler. conductor on the
car by which Middlemiss and Stoddard
are s:iid to have returned to town, said
Middlemiss was very drunk when be was
helped aboard by the officer. The car
started for town at 5:50 o'clock in the
afternoon, and the witness last saw Mid
dlemiss getting on an inbound Mission
street car.
William Sparling, an employe at the
racetrack, testified that he was on the
same car with the oflicer and MkMlemiss,
buth of whom lie recognized when con
fronted by tli^m in court. He rode on the
Mission-street car with Middlemiss as far
as 1 bird street, where he helped hint out
and lost sijrht of him.
George Fischer said he was in the San
Francisco saloon at 7 o'clock on Christinas
evening, and remained there about two
boars. About 7:15 Welch entered, and a
quarter of an hour later Middlemiss came
in, being very much under the influence of
liquor.
John W. Getz said he had known Mid
dle:.* iss for some months. He had seen
him on Christmas night at 7 :15 o'clock at
the San Francisco saloon. Some men in
the saloon called his attention to Middle
miss by saying, "Look at that guv carry
ing his load on one side." MiJfllemiss
was staggering and seemed to lean very
heavily toward the right side.
The next to occupy the witness-stand
was Joseph Middlemiss, the youthful
member of the trio found with Gardner
on the Olympic pier. He said ho was born
ill San Francisco twenty-three years ago
and had never been arrested before.
Shortly after noon on Christmas day he
met Welch at the San Francisco saloon
and, after a while, went with him to the
races at the ingleside track, where they
remained until after the last race. The
witness had drunk much more than was
good for him and when he and Welch en
tered a car to return to town the witness
was put off by the conductor. A police
man helped him on another car and he re
turned to the San Francisco saloon, where
he found Welch.
At this stage a, recess was taken until
7:30 in the evening, when William 11.
WYsling, proprietor of the San Francisco
saloon, testilied. He said he saw Middle
miss in the saloon about 20 minutes after
7 o'clock on Christmas evening.
('harks Mnnson of Eureka said he was
well acquainted with Middlemiss and had
seen him at the junction of Fifth and Mar
ket streets about 7 o'clock on Christmas
evening.
Daniel Phillipot said he sat with Gard
ner at the Columbia Theater during the
matinee on Christmas day. In the even
ing he and Gardner met again anil passed
the evening together, with Welch and a
man named Mulvey, parting company
about 11 o'clock.
William Fowler. William Tighe, John
.Howard and several other witnesses testi
lied to Gardner's presence in the City on
Christmas day.
Gardner then took the stand and said he
had come from PJureka about two months
ago, and resided with his sister in Ala
inoiia. He was never arrested before on
any charge.
"Welch then told his story. He said he
had never occupied a room with Gardner
at the Branch House. li is remark to the
otlicer who arrested him at the saloon
was, he said, merely in jest, as every one
was talking about the hold-up.
The case was submitted without argu
ment. Judge Low then rose and said:
"During this preliminary examination I
have endeavored to give "the prosecution
every chance to make out a case against
these defendants. As for the defendants
themselves, i have permitted them to re
main in custody, under a grave accusation
of crime, until they might clear themselves
of all suspicion of guilt. It appears that
they have cleared themselves, and I have
no right to allow them to be detained any
longer."
Cheer upon cheer resounded throughout
the courtroom as the Judge took his seat.
WAS GIVEN TOO MUCH.
Mrs. Heydenfeldt May Be Compelled to
Return Some of Her In
heritance.
Under an order to show cause Mrs. Eliza
beth A. Heydenfeldt must appear before
Judge Coffey on January 23 and show why
she should not return something over
$50,000 worth of property, which was dis
tributed to her from Solomon 0. Hevden
feldt's estate.
The citation was petitioned for by Julius
Jacobs and Charles Asiiton, executors of
the Heydenfeldt will. They distributed
the property to nor under the terms of the
will, but when it came to an »pjM a] they
found she had received more than the »Su
preme Court decided was her share. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
property was demanded of her, but she j
showed a marked unwillingness to surren- !
der it, so the petition to the Probate Court
followed.
Another suit was filed in the civil court,
the object being to recover the amount of
an insurance, policy erroneously distrib
uted to Mrs. Elizabeth Heydenfeldt. The
policy was for $10,000 and was made pay
able to the surviving widow and minor
children. The executors of the ■will took
the $10,000 from the insurance company
and patting it with the estate distributed
it under order of court to the widow, Mrs.
Elizabeth Heydenfeldt. The Supreme
Court declared this an error, and further
that the $10,000 was due to the five chil
dren of Mrs. Elizabeth Heydenfeldt, one
eighth to each, the two children of Mrs.
Katerina Heydenfeldt, one-eighth to
each, and toMrs. Elizabeth Heydenfeldt
one-eighth. The civil suit is to compel
Mrs. Heydenfeldt to refund the seven
eighths of the insurance policy which the
executors must distribute to the other
claimants. The suit is brought by Lester
Jacobs, who has charge of the litigation of
the HeydenfeJdt estate.
Jordan in Poetry-
President David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University gave a reading from various poets
last evening at the Girls' High School. A full
house greeted the reader, principally students
of the school. He read irom the standard
American poets, threading for his audience
alike the rugged gems of Walt Whitman, the
weird thoughts of I'oe p.nd the tender senti
ments of Longfellow. The trumpet tones of
THE WELL-KNOWN BRITISH SHIP RIIODERICK DilU, THAT HAS BEEN RUNNING TO SAN FRANCISCO FOR
TWENTY YEARS, AND HER POPULAR COMMANDER.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
warlike verse claimed much of his attention,
nrnl the patriotism of his hearers was shown in
the loud applause that followed his rendition
of the lines to the warship Hartford In the
battle of Mobile.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Will Be Celebrated by the Junior
Order United American
Mechanics.
There Is to Be a Parade, Literary
Enter tainment and Patriotic
Addresses.
The Junior Order United American
Mechanics are making arrangements to
celebrate in a patriotic manner the an
niversary of the birth of George \\ ashing
ton, which occurs this year with its usual
regularity on the 22d of February.
This day is the one set apart for celebra
tion by the Junior Order of American
Mechanics in all parts of the United
States. The various councils in this City
and those in Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley will unite in outdoing even the
excellent programme of last year. There
will Dea street parade of members of the
order. Odd Fellows' Hall has been secured,
and patriotic addresses will be delivered
by speakers to be chosen in the near
future. There will also be literary ever
cisos by some of the best talent obtainable.
The Daughters of Liberty, an auxiliary of
the order, will take part.
Advices receive.! at headquarters in this
City are to the effect that arrangements for
the celebration are being made in every
place in the Ktate where there is a council.
Los Angeles, San Diego, Redlands and
Newcastle will have independent celebra
tions.
The following is a copy of a circular that
lias just been issued by the committee
having charge of the approaching celebra
tion:
To nil Patriotic Citizens : This committee con
sists oi delegates appointed by the above or
ganization for the purpose of celebrating
Washington's birthday in an appropriate and
a patriotic manner. The Junior Order oi
United American Mechanics was organized in
<iermanto\vn, i'a., in 1853, and now numbers
about 300,000 members.
It is a patriotic, fraternal and beneficiary or
ganization, whose objects are to kindle the
spirit of patriotism and encourage fervent de
votion to the institutions of our glorious coun
try. It numbers among its memtjers gome of
the brightest and ablest men in American pub
lic lite.
True Americanism should revere the mem
ory of the immoru-l heroes who secured for our
country independence and liberty. Chief
among those Heroes we love the immortal
Washington, and cannot ignore or forget the
day that, gave birth to him who led in the
achievement of that Independence.
Imbued with these sentiments this organiza
tion, finding that the anniversary had been
neglected, inaugurated, one year p.go, and car
ried into effect, a patriotic celebration in
honor of the rather of his Country. Encour
aged by the success then achieved, we again
upp-ai to all patriotic citizens for their sym
pathy »nd rapport In celebrating the day in a
proper manner.
This committee have decided to celebrate the
anniversary of February 22, 1806, with a suit
able street parade, to be followed by literary
and musical exercises. In this noble and pa
triotic effort we cordially invite you to partici
pate, and respectfully urge all patriotic Citi
zens to assist us with contributions and their
hearty co-operation, so that this may be an
anniversary to be remembered in the annals
of our City.
Any communications or contributions may
he sent to \V. 8. Fenn, 'JOO Sansome street, San
Fran Cisco, Cat, Authorized collectors of con
tributions win he supplied by the committee
with proper credentials. By order of the com
mittee. Markl.ani:, i hairinnn.
Chai-.i.es \V. Baker, Secretary
\v. B. Fenn. Treasurer.
The above circular is hereby approved. H.
C. Sr.baertxer, btate Councilor of California, Jr!
Attest: George E. Terry, State Council Secre
tary.
Last year the members of the order cple
brated the day for the first time in this
State. In the East it was observed in many
of the lar^e cities-. In Pittsburg, Pa.,wbere
there was a procession, there were 14.000
Juniors in line.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Voyage of the Rhoderick
Dhu Marred by a Fatal
Accident.
HER MATE LOST OVERBOARD.
Captain Healy to Be Tried by Court
martial on the Revenue Cutter
Bear.
The hest-known vessel and one of the most
! popular masters in port is the British ship
Rhoderick Dhu, Captain Howe. She is one
of the famous Waverlfy line, all of which
! are named after one or the other of Scott's
; heroes. The first time the Rhoderick Dhu
! came to San Francisco was in 1875, when
j Captain Calvert was in command. In 1885
! she came here again from Newcastle,
i N. S. W., and in 1892 Captain Howe
; brought hi r out from Liverpool in 119
: days. Since that time she has come regu
larly to Ban Francisco every year, and last
Thursday again put in an appearance after
a rather lengthy passage from Liverpool.
During the voyage a fatal accident oc
curred, which cast a gloom over the entire
ship and from which the men have not yet
recovered. It happened on October 30,
when a furious sale was blowing and the
decks were washed continually by tre
mendous seas. While helping the men,
and by his presence and aid keeping up
their courage, Second Otticer Gerald Scott
Coney lost his footing and was washed
overboard. Lines and life-buoys were
thrown to him, but a return wave dashed
him pcainst the ship's counter and he
must have been instantly killed, as he
sank out of sight a few seconds later.
Coney was a member of the Royal Naval
Reserve and this was to have been his last
i trip on a merchantman. His father and
mother both died within a few months of
each other and left a considerable fortune
to their children. Lord Charles Beresford
} took a great interest in the young man and
tried to persuade him to remain in Eng
land and join the navy. Captain Howe
urged him to remain by his ship, and he
made the ill-fated voyage.
Coney was an apprentice on the Rhoder
| ick Dim and learned all his seamanship
from Captain Howe. The two were close
friends and, in consequence, the captain is
very much grieved over the fatality.
Although well on in years the Rhoderick
Dim is still one of the smartest-looking
clippers in the bay. Captain Howe has
everything aboard as spick and span as it
would be in a yacht and his men look hale
and hearty. l"n!ike other vessels in port
there has not been a single desertion from
the Rhoderick Dhu and when the fact was
pointed out to the mate he laughed and
said: "Why, we couldn't drive them away
! with a clv!). They know when tiicv are
I well off." The ship will discharge at
Spear-sireet wiiarf, after which she will
load wheat for Europe.
The barkentine Jane L. Stanford has ar
rived at Melbourne, Australia, in the fast
time of sixty days from Puget Sound. She
loaded lumber at Port Blakeley and the
captain told the manager of the sawmill
that he would make the run in sixty days
or better. He just managed to keep his
word.
The revenue cutters Bear, Perry and
Rush will dock at Main-street wharf next
Monday for an overhauling. While there
the inquiry into the charges against Cap
tain Healy will be held on the Rush. The
general opinion is that Captain Healy will
be exonerated and will take the Bear out
again on her next cruise to the Arctic.
Two of the principal witnesses against him,
Lieutenants Danies and Schwartz, have
been again in trouble in Sausalito. In
company with Lieutenant Meyers of the
Rush they started out to enjoy themselves,
and as a result they were unable to climb
down the ladder into the boat when the
fun was all over. Two of them lost their
hold and fell on a sailor named Burns.
The latter was badly hurt and now says he
is going to prefer charges against the oili
cers.
The cruiser Philadelphia Bails for San
Dicsro at 10 a. at. to-day. Target practice
and ail kind? of drill will be gone through
in the Santa Barbara channel, and after a
stay of six weeks in southern waters the
cruiser will return to San Francisco.
The steamer Alameda of the Oceanic
line sailed for Australian ports yesterday
with an unusually large cargo" and the
following passengers:
For Honololn— Mrs. Alvord, George C.
Browne, Dr. E. Bragdon, YV. W. Callingham,
Daniel Con way, Alfred J. Crane, Miss Anna B.
< lnj.[nTion, Hon. W. R. Castle and wife, R. 11.
Draper and wife, George de la Vergne and
wife, Andrew Dempster, Mrs. J. Eflinaer, child
and maid, W. R. Farnngton, Mr-. R. Mason,
Harry Mason, George 11. Newton and wife, a.
S. Orr, F. F. Prentiss, W. C. Parke, .lames Ran
kin, George Russi, H. A. Strohmeyer and Mrs
Stowell.
For Apia— W. 11. Swift.
For Auckland— llev. C. M. Browne, McKay
Tnji[), wile and three children.
For Sydney— W. H. Banks, wife and son,
Mine. Belvallie, A. .!. Bomlurant, Mrs. Andley
Coote, James Duncan, George Goodland, T. B.
Hulme, w. Peter, Charles a. Peterson. Otto
Trilling, M. C. Thompson, Mrs. Webster
The Pacific Mail Company's Afridi also
sailed for Hongkong via .Yokohama. She
took no passengers, but lias aboard over
5000 tons of cargo. She did not venture to
sea, ns the bar was breaking, but came to
un anchor inside of Fort Point.
There was near being a conflagration ati
section 3 of the seawall yesterday. The
barkentine Newsboy discharged n quantity
of sulphur there and a number of the Tele
graph Hill boys set it on tire. It took
Wnarfin^er Sullivan and half a dozen men
nearly two hours to put the smoldering
mass out.
The steam schooner Protection lost her
anchor at Little Main street yesterday.
She was docking and the captain ran her
too close in shore. There was a flaw in
the shank of the anchos and when it came
in contact with a mooring pile it snapped
short off. "Nick" Fitzgerald, a well
known character on the front, dived after
the missing portion during the afternoon
and finally succeeded in getting a rope
around it, after which it was hauled on to
the wharf.
The Italian ship Casabona arrived from
Glasgow yesterday, after a long passage of
. liT days. From September 29 to October
i ~~ she was becalmed to the South Atlan
tic, ;md in rounding the Horn she encoun
tered a number of icebergs. Early in No
! vember a white bark with her foretopmast
gone ami part of her rigging damaged was
seen, but her name could not be made out.
| Fears weie entertained fer the safety of
I the Casabona at one time, and 30 per cent
reinsurance was paid.
The men who sailed from San Francisco
; on the British ship Dunsraffnage evidently
had a pretty hard time of it. They accuse
j the captain of beating them with belaying-
I pins and keeping them without food.
; They refused to work, and when the ship
reached Liverpool were arrested on a
i charge of mutiny. They were found guilty
and given the option of a fine or a month's
imprisonment. Asked what they would
do the sailors exclaimed in a chorus,
''We'll do the mouth."
ENTITLED TO A PENSION
Attorney Creswell's Opinion on
a School-Teacher's Appli
cation.
Miss Campbell Complied With All the
Provisions of the Retire
ment Act.
Tn response to a request from the Board
of Education that he give his opinion on
the claims of Miss C. E. Campbell, a
teacher, to be placed on the list of the
teachers' pension fund, City and County
Attorney Creswell has rendered the fol
lowing opinion :
The facts show that the School Director to
whom Miss Campbell banded her resignation
was to deliver it to the board on or about April
15, 1895, unles3 in the meantime some net of
the Legislature should be passed under which
•■iic could be retired on a pension. The net of
March 26, 1895, was such an aes. Therefore,
when Miss Campbell, on April 12, 1895, in ac
cordance with tin- terms oi the pension law.
notified the board that she agreed to be itotind
by ami desired to receive the benefits of its
provisions, the board had the power to re
tire her on ft pension either at her request
or on its own motion, and should have done
so without taking action on her resignation
upon it appearing to the board that she was
incapacitated for further teaching and had
served as a teacher in the public schools for
over iweuty-flve years. On July 20, 1895, Miss
Campbell hied berpetition to be retired on n
pension, and, In my opinion, the Board of Edu
catiou has Ui<> power to now retire her, so that
the schoolteachers' retirement fund commis
sion might place her on the pension list upon
her compliance with all the provisions of the
on act. If a pension should be paid to
Miss Campbell under the act of March 20,
18'.)r>, it would come from the teachers' pen
sion fund and not from the funds of the School
Department."
Miss Campbell entered the oepartment
on February 5, 18G7, and resigned March
14, 1895, the resignation to take effect on
April 15, 1895. At that time it was antici
pated that the Legislature would pass a
pension act, and Mi«s Campbell stipulated
that in case such a course was pursued be
fore the resignation took effect she was to
be allowed to retire under its provisions.
The act was approved on March 2<>, 1895,
and on April 10 following the resignation
was presented at the meeting of the board
i-.nd accepted, to take effect five days
later. Shortly afterward Miss Campbell
tiled a notification with the board that she
would be bound by the provisions of the
act, and on July 20 following put in her
application to be retired under the net.
It is expected that she will be granted
her pension in accordance with the opin
ion of the City and County Attorney.
"CHIMMIE FADDEN."
The Author of the Famous Sketches
Mill Koad This Afternoon.
Edward W. Townsend, journalist, ana
author of the famous "Chimmie Fadden :>
sketches, will give a reading from his
favorite creation this afternoon in Young
Men's Christian Association Hall. Quite
an interesting programme has been
arranged in connection with the event,
and the author will be introduced to his
audience by SaznnelM. Shortridge.
The musical part of the programme is
in charge of Musical Director H. J.
Stewart. Donald de Yore Graham and
J. E. Birmingham will assist in this part
of the entertainment, the whole of which
is to be given under the auspices of the
Mercantile Library Auxiliary. The enter
tainment will commence at 8 o'clock.
Will Investigate Davis.
A conference of the members of the Board of
Health was held at I>r. Fitzgibbons' ofiice last
nieht. when it was decided to investigate the
charges made against Chief Market Inspector
Davis. He is accused of passing diseasen meat
aud ialsifying his report.
Dr. Morris, Dentist, has removed to the
Q elaa Building, rooms 30, 3J aud 31. •
NEW TODAY. w^.^.-_._.^-
I<gMp}»*41 <gMp}»*4 " Pure and Sure."
BAKING PIOWDER.
Biscuit, cake, pot pies and buns,
Dumplings, puddings, Sally Luns,
Muffins, -waffles, griddle cakes,
The very best it always maKes.,
WILL BUILD A THEATER.
That Is What Manager Heilig
Will Do if He Cannot
Lease One.
WILL BE A GREAT TEMPLE
Must Protect Over $500,000 in Northern
Theaters if He Has to Invest
$150,000 Here.
S. C. Heilig of Portland, manager of trie
Northwestern circuit of theaters, is at the
Palace. He has come to San Francisco
with the object of either getting control of
one of the theaters or building one.
T. W. Enos, one of the owners
of two of the theaters which Mr.
Jleilig manages, is with the aforesaid gen
tleman. He has been looking up the busi
ness end of the theater situation here,
such as the costs of taxes, insurance, light,
water and license in case they decide to
build a theater here.
All their investigations in this way have
been satisfactory.
For some time the people who have
devoted time and money to tne theatrical
business in the North have felt that they
were getting the short end of things.
They have a lot of theaters on their
hands, and to protect themselves they feel
that they must get a better show with
some of the talent that comes to San Fran
cisco but is not allowed to go North unless
a larger percentage is granted to Hayman
<fc Co. than they feel they can afford to
give.
Lately the Northwestern circuit lost May
Irwin ior this season, and also the '!)2 com
pany. Other attractions had also been
kept here for the same reason, when the
theater patrons of the North would have
been glad to have had them come there.
Mr. Heilig manages tive theaters, namely,
those at Portland, T^eonia, Seattle, Olym
;>ia and Astoria, and the Spokane theater
is desirous of coming underthe same man
agement, so it practically means the whole
upper country.
The Markham Grand at Portland is an
elegant theater, as are those at Tacoma,
Seattle and Spokane. They are as fine as
the best theaters in Fan Francisco. The
Tacoma and Seattle theaters are owned di
rectly by the capitalists whom Mr. Enos
represents. Mr. Enos has long been a
banker in Tacoisa.
"We've got Tolly $350,000 invested in
theaters in the North," he said, "and we
feel that we must protect our interests
there, even if we have to build a theater
here. In case we decide to do so we have
the money in sight.
"If we build a theater it will be finer
than anything in San Francisco now, and
will be modern in every detail. It will be
a theater alone, and nothing else. There
will not even be a bar. The people who
would put up the money wouldn't have
that.
'We can bnild a great deal cheaper now
than we coulrl three or four years ago.
The labor and material are both much
cheaper. "We would probably put up a
building costing $125,000 or $150,000. A
better theater can be constructed now for
$125,000 than for $160,000 a few years ago."
What the Northern theater-owner* want
to do is to make a little money. Atone
time the Tacoma Theater paul 13 per cent.
Now, owing to their inability to always
get talent that is booked through New
York agencies, their profits have fallen
till there is nothing in the business, and
sometimes they make a losing.
If they had a theater here they would be
independent of Mr. Hayman or any other
manager, and then could bill their people
through the North and make money every
where. Manager Pleilig says the best
theatrical people, as well as the actors, like
to go >iorth. The theater are excellent
and the people appreciative.
The trouble is the heavy percentage that
is demanded. The idea now is to lease a
theater here, if it can he got, and if not
then serious thought will be given to the
buildine of a theater. There appears to
be no doubt that unless there is a theater
leased the City will have another theater.
Mr. Enos has looked over the City con
siderably. He believes another theater,
especially of the kind contemplated, and
with good talent, would pay. Anyway,
he says, even if it loat a little, he would
make it back in the North.
The theater would be erected in one of
the best locations on the north side of
Market street.
The gentlemen have been here several
days, and have made a careful study of
the situation. They speak conservatively,
but evidently with serious intent. Al
Harman, who leases the Baldwin and
California theaters, and a string of others
in the East, and who thus far has very
largely controlled the situation here and
in the North, is in the East. Mr. Bouvier
has lately gone there, also.
Manager Heilig and Mr. Enos will re
port what they have been able to ascertain
hereto the others interested as soon as
they return. To save what money they
have invested, or rather to make
their big capital already in, pay a
reasonable protit, it is nDt improbable they
will build the theater here. It is lease or
build the way matters now stand. Mr.
Friedlander seems to have no disposition
to let go of his Columbia Theater, which
he has brought to a condition of handsome
pecuniary protit. The only other chance
would be, therefore, for Mr. Hayman to
give up the Baldwin or California to Mr.
Heilig.
This he might be loth to do, but friends
of Heilig and Enos, who know the money
they could bring to bear in the situation,
say it raeuns that or the new theater.
EARLY MORNING FOOTPADS.
John Murphy Knocked Down and
Bobbed of Watch and Money.
John Murphy, who Jives at 407 Clemen
tina street, was knocked down and robbed
near his home yesterday morning ut about
2 o'clock by three men. He was found ly
ing where he had fallen several hours
lat^r, still in an unconscious conditi
and was taken to { lie Receiving Hospit
where three bad scalp wounds were dressed.
He slated that w en on hU way homo he
was ::i proached by three men and struck
with a ciut by <>r.c of them and lost
sciousness. When taken to the hospital he
found that he was minus a silver watch and
chain and $13 50 in cash.
Cook's Contempt Ch«p.
Carroll Cook was not sentenced for con
tempt by Judge Wallace yesterday. Instead
the case Hpnin.-t him tins been put on
servo calendar, to be taken up when ttie case
<>ihi< client, l'rnnk Ray, charged with robbery,
l.v* been finally decided, fhe jury before
which Ray was tried disagreed, and he mui>t
be tried again, nn<l while the client la still
under trial the court < i il unfair to
the attorney under sent 1 1 tempt.
The <iiso will be restored to the regular calen
dar on not; •■.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
$Sor yA.LCAT'AP
1/CA.TI2STEJE! TO-DAY .A.T S
; Mutinee prices— loc, 15c, 25c. No higher
: Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 350, 50c.
The Funniest Comedy on Ear:h.
MY PRECIOUS BABY
THE USUAL SUNDAY MATINEE.
| WEDNESDAY POP ICE CREAM MATINEE.
Next Saturday— OF NEW YORK.
. rKItDLAnDLfUOTTLOD a n>- i t rwiAaWJ ■ • •
THE
FOUND LOST
PARADISE
TO BE THE BEST PLAY
EVER PICES KN'L'.D BY THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY
New Scenery! New Costumes!
SJK kTS-15c, ;.'.->.-, 800 and 75c.
Monday Next 'THE SENATOR"
CALIFORNIA THEATER
a i. Ji a v:.i an it Co. (Incorporated) Proprietor!
America's Representative Tragedian, MR.
LOUIS u-^^.3VTE!SJ !
Matinee To-day and Sunday Night,
4 *-^7"I^JLGH3\rXTJ® "
: TO-NKJHT ••MACBETH'*
i Next "IVeek— Second and Last Week of
MR. LOUIS JAMES
Monday and Thursday '-51 A KM lON "
Tuesday "OTHELLO"
Wednesday and Sunday "M ACUETJi"
■ Friday K veiling and Saturday Matinee
"KOMEO AND JULIET"
Saturday Night "HAMLET"
BALDWIN THEATER.
Alllayiiax& Co. (Incorporated) . . Proprietors
MATINEE TO-DAY !
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
Last 3 Times
The Charming and Brilliant Artiste,
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And Her Own Splendid Company, Presentin"
"DAUGHTERS OF EVE"
NEXT WEEK— 3d AND LAST OF
MARIE WAINWRIQHT
Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday and
Thursday Night*, "THE I, ..VE CHASE"
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee, "CAMILLE"
Saturday and Sunday, "AN UNEQUAL MATCH"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mxis. hKNuatiSK Kbkliso Proprietor .£ Jilanajsi
EVERY VH3NT2STC3-
I ~ THE SECOND EDITIOI —
Of the Brilliant Spectacular Bur-
X . lcsque, X
0 NEW SONGS! . 0
JJ NEW DANCES! t\T
i NEW LOCALISMS! I
NEW SPECIALTIES!
TUESDAY KVEMNG, JANUARY 14.
25TH PEKFORMA
SPECIAL SOUVENIR NIGHT!
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in Am?rlca.
WA_LTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Tom Craven's Famous Comedy Drama,
THE FUGITIVE!
SEE The Mills By Moonlight
and. " -nlistic Shipwreck Scene.
F.veni:-.* rßicE.«— 2sc and 53i
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10c
Usual Blatinees s-uuniuv and Similar.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stoclctoa anl Pa rjlt.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), JAN. 11.
Parquet, any seat, -sc; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, any part, 10c.
Tremendous Success of Our New People).
MASON AND HEALY,
DELTORELLO BROTHERS,
DL'CKOW AND BUSH,
CARON AND HERBERT,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
A N I>
A MAGNIFICENT COMPANY.
SHOOT THE CHUTESI
FROM 1 TO 5 AND 7 TO 10:30 P. M.
(WEATHER PERMITTING),
| HAIGHT STREET, NEAB THE PARK.
; TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON
HOLTUM,
The Cannon King, Will Catch Cannon
Balls Fired With K«-»I Powder, •
AND THE (.lAN I .
MARTINEZ,
Will Give Wonderful Exhibitions or
Strength,
ADMISSION—- 10 CENTS
Children (including a Merry-Go-Kound Bide), 103,
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(KAIN Oil SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. I*l.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
Take Southern racitic trains at Third and Town-
! send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare for round trip, including admj33ion to grand
stand. $1. 'Jake Mission-stree: electric line direct
to track.
A. B. SPBEUKELS, W. S. LEAKE,
President, . Secretary.
78
BOWMAN AND
FATHER YORKE.
The A. P. A. Champion Dis
cus es the Power of
the Pope.
POLITICS AND RELIGION.
Declares the Catholic Church Is
Intolerant in Civil Mat
ters.
SYLLABUS OF POPE PIUS IX.
Father Yorke Answers Rev. Charles
W. Wendte on the Foundatioa
of the Church.
W. H. Bowman submits the following
letter . the Vorke-Ross-
Bowm ray :
Office <-f tup. - Patriot, »
• LO, 1 M>t>. i
To : - . ■ w. mk:
Thnt ' . : j.-'.pal
Llowing facts
■
(an wearing a religions
' 'ftl orfrani
i for the a
tiout:- ■ r, and artfully dis-
By political
- she managed at
er of the world in
her bai \ ■ \ boastfully
c natioiis to bow
c rißhts of inde
i of re
:-.i their oatn of ai
■wned and uucrowned
monfi- . sapped
. ignorance, and shackled, tor
.:id burned all who dared oppose her
. : power. In the
r.»Dio of St. Peter she has unsneathed the
double sweru. the symbol of ecclesiastteal and
. ■ .-er, and giin; forch to uphold the
claims of the triple-crowned monarch of the
Pope, as a king, wears a crown,
has a ; . a. national cabinet, an
imperial court, a system of jurisprudence and
admin slice, and hi < >d the
governmental prerogative of coining money.
As h:. vereign the Pope has
always maintained, when possible, an army
and navy. That tbe Papacy claims the
to set itself above civil law is an indisj
: ;:e whole ). .. Papacy has been
(iTH- of arroeant assumption and lawless dcs-
In h;* famous "Syllabus of Errors," written
- 1864, .P0pe Pius IX declares the
modern views of civil government to he false.
Now, what h-.- i u\. v -nor cannot be
■-d by the church. Furthermore, the
:e of what he condemns as an error ha
must hold to be the truth ; hence it is lawful
to place such In the form of an affirmative
: and declare it to be w hat Rome
- a- truth. We will give- five <>f the
.- contained in the "Syllabus" in
itin and Eneli^h and then support them
ithoritiea
•re we i;uote the syllabus we will give an
extract from a book written by one of Rome's
accomplished scholars' in the United
"The Life ol Pope Pius IX.' 1 by John
•jilmary >:ieH. I). I>. He Bays: "On the Bth of
L 864, he published the encyclical
:a Cum,' condemning a host of errone
les which he had from time to time
censured, p.::d of which a summary or syhe
pended. Th< re was nothing new to
the Catholics iv this; but when modern liber
alism and infidelity were confronted by this
mass i rine, which struck
ai -ome itu ■ ;heoryof the time, ail
rose in am.- The Pope, whose decl:n::;K
jo-.vtrmade him but yesterday one of whom
they spoke -Nitii a kind of pity, became sud
denly the great enemy of human prog
♦ *
"The next topic i« a series of errors concern-
Ing the chnreh ai . The syllabus in
fact lays down that the t hurch is a true
and perfect society, absolutely free, enjoying
her own pc :uliar and constant rights."cou
icrred upon her by her divine foun<ler,and that
ii is not roi'ipt'tt-nt for the civil powers to
define what tbe rlcbu of the church are, nor
tnits in which they shall b»- •
[Tnis makes the church superior to the state. —
H. \v. r,.] '-it lays down, moreover, that the
churth, in the exercise o! its authority, does
pend on th a or consent of the
civil govern! tent, (uict tne episcopal power In
lependent upun the state. "
places I'ope anl priest above civil law.—
if. W. v.l "The Pope, in these decisions,
claimed tnat the ehunh ha>l power* to del
what vva< the true relieiou ; to restrict < a
writers, evei i:i treating questions n<
lutely delined as article.-i of faith; to employ
force; to acquire cud pos^es^.' [Tiii.i proves
thai the military ■■r f . r aiiizat;ons of t:ie church
are subject t<> i;.-r order in ihe attainment ol
: >ree.— H. W. B.]
"The (iirett ai^i :r; iirett temporal power of
t!ie church was affirmed, and the chsrre that
the popes had usui ■: princes, or
erred in defining faith or morals, was
lately denied. Prom U pies thus laid
down others flowed— the rixht oi the chnreh
in certain fini'oral affairs, as for instance iv
regard to r-jarriage ami the education cf chil
dren, the right oi tlit i :ute bisiiops
without the consent of the stat»-." • • •
"The assumption that ::■ ad no limit
to its ]io\vt-r was denied by the Pope * * *
All state action attempting to define thedulies
church in the teaching vi faith, the ad
ministration of thi - snts, or tiie diHec
tion > Ion." [This
grants thi^ tto leach the tem
poral powei of the Popeaa an art cleoi faith,
to set aside evil a« in t:.t marringe covenant
and to make their faiili in the hiiulhbie pre
: lie fope a matter of conscience.—
•■ right of the state to regulate the edu
cation of « hristian youth, to the exclusion of
the chnreh, • • * is explicitly denied. So
ninny end stranee were the lalse doctrines set
afiopt, thai tue Pope fell it necetsary to con
demn the proposition that kings and princes
trisdiction of the church.
The proposition that the absolute separation of
cburch aua state wa< the only pioper course
i cd." [This is ihe decision of the
infa!.. i 11 ;he Komish church and
ah of the prti s:s in America have to indorse it
or turn heretics.— li . YV. B.]
"The Pope maintained that human laws
should Conform to the law of God and that :
they receive their power from God and that
the decision in regard to their conformity lies
with the church." [This would place all legis
lation under ecclesiastical supervision. No ,
law would be valid unless sanctioned by the i
church.— ll. \V. B.] Tie Pope denied, doc
matically, by these decisions that the compati
bility of the temporal royalty of the Pope with
the spiritual powers was an open question
among Catholics, or that it would conduce to
the happiness or liberty of the Pope to deprive |
him oi temporal power.
In regard to states that had always been
deemed Catholic the theory had been zealously
propagated thai it was no longer right to hold
the Catholic church as alone established; that i
all religions ought to be allowed full scope.
Thin as a general principle, universal In appli
cation, was condemned. i
The syllcbus clews with a reprobation of the !
proposition that the Human Pontiff ought to i
adapt his policy and the church to what is •
styled prog ■ liberalibm and modern civil- :
ization. [Pages 279-28
Mich is the interpretation of the famous !
syllabus by a Reman Catholic. The book bears
the imprimatur of Cardinal McCloskey and the ]
indorsement of nine bishops and archbishops
We will now quole Forneof the leading prop
ositions from the syllabus:
SYLLABI'S KRROKCM.
Syllabus comploclens: The syllabus of the
pra-clpuus ncslra? je'.ctis: principal errors of our i
rrrore* fjul iM'.ilr.nnir in nine, which are siißina- !
Alincutionibus Corsln-jttzed in the conslstorial
torir.libus, in Eocycl Ids, I allocutions, encyclicals,
:•:!;*<!<)•• Apostolicis Let- and other apostolic let
teris Huneiissimi Dominliiers of our Most Holy I
Nostri lii Paps IX. | Father, Pope Plus XI.
". V-* IV. ERRORS CONCERNING
v. KRRORF.S DE ii.i.}- Tin; c i iicn AND HER ;
HIA QUK IVH JiVS. Hlliitl'S.
19.' E<cclesla non est ; la. The church is not a
vera perfectuque societas true and perfect and en
iii.\>ii- libera, nee pallet tirely free society, nor
solspropiis et <ons:anti-|dOfs she enjoy peculiar
bus juribus slbl ." dXTinojEDd perpetual rlclits con
h'.iotunclutori-collatls,S''«litVrre<i upon her Jay her 1
civjlifl potestatis est dofi- iiiv.oe Founder, but It
mre <jna» k:\ik ecclrsia? ;■; srtal ■ to the civil
iuraaclimiu-s, Intraquos power to define what nre :
radeiu jura ejeeruere the : rights and limits
•<iueat. with '.vliiilj the church
may exorcise authority, j
Alice. Singular! qu.idam Allocution Sin 1 ulari:
9de. embns 1H54. qundam, Jhh December,
1854. ■
Alloc. Multis eravis- Allocution Multisgravl- j
bnsque 17 decembns 17th December,
1860. 1860.
Al'.oc. Maxima quidemi Allocution Maxima
Junil Ist}-.', Iquldem, 9th June, 18«2.
'-'It. IJerleshisticapotcs-l 20 The ecclesiastical
tas snam auctorlintenj; power must not exercise
>•'.• rcere non debet ab- its authority wi lion; the
sque clvilis gubernl i permission and assentvif
vim.,.l el assensu. the civil government.
Alloc. Menilnit unus- Allocution Memlnlt
qnnicu- 30 septenibrisiuuusqunique, 30th sej
-1861. teniber. I*6l.
24. Kcciesia vis infer- 24. The church has not
endae potestatern nonjthe power of availing
habet, n< iue pote3tatem|herseif of force, or an/
is lam temporal em di- direct temporal power,
r- ' ■ m vel in llrectam.
Liu. Ados:. A<» ppo3- Apostolic letter. Ad
tolls 522 aueusti 1881. npojloHcse, 22d August,
hS>l. -
27. SacriEccleslieinin- 27. Tbe ministers of
istri Romanusqae l'o;ui- the church, sad (he llo
{►■■<: »b ouiiii rerum tern- man Pontiff, oil hi to be
porallum cum ac do- absolutely excluded from
minis aunt ouinius ex- all charge and dominion
cludendi. over temporal affairs.
Allnc Maxima qui-j Allocution Maxima
dem 9 .i::ui 1861. jqu'.dcm, 9th June, 1862.
30. Cccloslae et per- 30. The Immunity of
soiiHmm eccloslasi'ca-the church and of ecde
nun luituunitas a jure stastical persons derives
civillortum habuit. Lii:.jits orisin from civil law.
A post, Mul iplices inter Apostolic Letter, Multl
-10 lanii 1851. iplif e.s inter, luth June,
1861.
VI. Errores de Pocie-j VI. Krrors about civil
ta:e civili turn in se, turn society, considered both
In suis ad ecdesiam rela in itself nnd in its rcla
llonabus spectata. tion to the church.
42. In case of conflict
-42. In confllctu legura ing laws between the two
utriusque protestatis jus powers, the civil law
el vile pnevalat. ought to prevail.
Lit l. A post. Ad «!>OBt- Apostolic Letter, Ad'
ollcie '22 augusti ISSI. Apostolicie, 22d August, :
1851.
From these assertions of Pope Pius IX there
has been deduced the four following proposi
tions as the affirmative teaching of Rome:
Proposition I— The Romish church has a
right to exercise its authority without any
limits set to it by the civil power. (The affirma
tive of error 19.)
Proposition The Pope and priests ought to
have dominion over temporal affairs. (The
affirmative of error 23.)
Proposition B— The Romish church and her
ecclesiastics have a right to immunity from
civil law. (The affirmative of error 30.)
Proposition 4— ln case oi conflict between
the ecclesiastical and civil powers the eccle
siastical powers ought to prevail. (The affirma
tive of error 42.)
This syllabus of errors appeared in the New
York Freeman's Journal, November 27, 1869,
and iv the New York Tribune of January 21,
ISGS. That the Church of Rome holds and
teaches the doctrines set forth in the four
propositions mentioned above is not a difficult
task to prove. We will cite the statements of
Popes, councils, priests and editors with the
testimony of history to prove that Rome acts
upon the above-named principles. In a book
written by R. G. Hassard, entitled "Lite of Pius
IX," and published by the Catholic Publica
tion Society, with the indorsement oi the
Vicar-General and Chancellor of the archbish
opric of New York, the following comments
: are made upon the encyclical and appended
syllabus: '-Treating first of the. relations be
tween the church and the stale, the encyclical
reminds the bishops that the principles of
'naturalism' in politics, which makes no ac
count of religion in the regulation of
civil society, is contrary to Catholic doctrine.
The modern idea that the bert Government is
one which treats true and false creeds alike,
aud leaves to all men not only complete liberty
of conscience and worship but the unrestricted
privilege of propagating whatever opinions
they please, is a dangerous error." (Page 105. )
"Treating more particularly of conflicts actual
or possible between the civil and ecclesiastical
law the encyclical declares that the authority
of the church is not subordinate to the civil
authority; that its decrees do not require the
sanction'of the civil power; that it is entirely
independent of the secular authority ; that it
may extend to secular concerns, an i 'its scope
is not confined to faith mid morals, but binds
the conscience even when it refers to other
matters connected with the general welfare of
the church." (Page 100.)
In support of proposition 1, in regard to
the sot reignty of the ecclesiastical power,
Cardinal Manning, in bis book, "Independence
of the Holy t-ee," says: "The church having v ■
divine liberty as the witness which God has !
constituted in the world to deliver his revela- i
tion, and being the sole fountain of that knowl
edge, has within its sphere a sovereignty, and
that sovereignty is one that is exempt from all
control of human authority. No authority ol ]
earth can intervene to dictate to the church
what it has to teach, or within what limits
it shall leach. There is no authority to deter- ;
mine whether the cnurch shall teach this or
that doctrine. It is, therefore, not only ex
empt, but supreme, and being supreme, there
can be no appeal from it. It is the highest and j
final judge of what is the faith and .
what is the law of God, and when science and j
politics come into contact with that faith and j
that law, it admits of no appeal from its own '
decision to any tribunal out oi itself, to any i
judge .■: appeal in the past or luture." (Pa?e ,
687 One pttge 603, speaking of the historic
continuance of papal supremacy, he says: !
•'Everywhere it claimed to be independent <r {
all civil powers, and within its divine office !
supreme."
Speaking of the Falck laws in Germany he
says: "No Catholic without sin against God
can obey these laws. Every man who obeys i
them cease- in that moment to be a Catholic." j
(Page 548.] Again he says oi the church: j
(1) "It holds its commission and authority from !
God alone. (2) It holds in custody the faith '
and law of Jesus Christ. (3) It is the sole in
terpreter of that faith and the sole expositor of !
that law. It has within that sphere a power to .
legislate with authority." (Page 533.)
Again (on page 22) he says: "Rome is sover- ;
eign because it is independent; it is independ
ent because it has no master upon earth. The
vicar of Jesus Christ is the source of its lib
el ty and the guardian of its sovereignty. I all
it temporal power if you will— the thing is the i
same, the freedom, the independence, the •
sovereignty of the kingdom of God upon >
earth, in ail the world and over all mankind, !
resting upon its center in the patrimony of the
church, within which the shadow of no other
sovereignty can intrude without violation of
the supernatural order of grace."
For lurther proof we turn to another Roman
Catholic publication entitled "Abridged
Course of Religious Instruction — Apolo
getic, Dogmatic and Moral," for the
use of Catholic colleges and schools,
by the Rev. Father F. X. Schinppe, of the
Society of Jesus; translated from the French '
third edition; new edition thoroughly revised
with the imprimatur of H. £. Manning. Lon
don: Humes & dates, 1880 On page 278
we read: "The civil laws (of Christendom) are j
binding in conscience so long as they are
conformable * • * to the rights of the j
Catholic church." Ou page 279: -'Human laws!
are susceptible of dispensation. The power to
disnense belongs to the sovereign Pontiff." j
On page 293 It is affirmed: "The church, by
virtue of the power of binding and loosing,
which she received from Jesus Christ (an un
mitigated lie!) may for just reason dispense
from vows or commute to other good works.
She can also dispense from a promissory
oath. This power belongs to the Pope and
bishops, who exercise it either themselves or
by their delegates." On pages 97 and 98 it is !
taught that rationalism, or rather atheism of i
the state, consists, in the exclusion from the |
civil government of &A religious influence;
above all that of the true religion of the church
of Jesus Christ. Or, in other words, the sepa- •
ration of the state from the church; absolute !
independence of the state with regard to the
church, which means the oppression of the j
church by the state."
In Brownson-s Review for January, 1854, the <
following statement was made: " "She (the '
church) bears, by divine right, both swords, :
but she exercises the temporal sword by the i
hand of the prince, or magistrate. The tem
poral magistrate holds it subject to her order.
to be exercised in her service and under her i
direction."
In a little tract on the subject of "The Pope's
Temporal Power," and stamped with this
badge of authority : "Printed for the Catholic j
Publication Society, office 9 Warren street.
New York," the author says: "No temporal
prince, whether emperor, or king, or president,
or any legislative body, can have any lawful
jurisdiction over the Pope." "The Pope gov- |
ems the church in the name of Christ and as
his representative. His divine office, there- j
fore, makes him superior to every political,
temporal and human government."
As the papal bull, Unem, .Sanctam, has I
been accepted by a general council and was is
sued by an infallible Pope, it must be consid- I
erc-d an author! Catholic document. It
is also indorsed by Pope Pius IX in the encycli- i
cal that contained the syllabus. This is what
it says: "Either sword is in the power of the
church, that is to say, the spiritual and the
material. The former is to be used by the
church, but the latter for the church. i
The one is in the hand of the priest,
the other .in the hands of kings
and soldiers, but at the will aud pleasure of j
the priest. It is right that the ten.; oral sword
and authority be subject to the spiritual power.
Moreover, we declare, say, define and pro- i
nounce that every human being should be |
subject to the Roman Pont to be an article I
of necessary faith." (Da Pin's Ecclesiastical I
History, vol. XII, p. 7, Romish authority, |
Protestant authority; Hallam'n "Middle Ages,"
chap. Vii, p. 303, and Bowling's "History of
Romanism," p. 358.)
A complete justification of the whole of this j
infamous "bull" may be found in a Roman
Catholic work by Hergenrother, entitled
"Anti-Janus." (Note— The book "The Fope
and Council," by Janus, that he reviews, is, to
our mind, the most able refutation of papal
claims ever issued from the press.) The dis
tinctive principles of this "bull," and now a
part of the canon law of the church, he sets I
down as follows:
First, "it is necessary to salvation that every
man should submit to the Roman Pontiff":
second, "this is a necessary c sequence of the !
dogma of papal supremacy"; third, "it con
demns the assertion of the stat< of any power
over church property"; fourth, "the temporal
power of Christian princes docs not exempt
them from obedience to the head of the I
church"; fifth, "the material sword is drawn j
for the church, the spiritual Dy the church"; ,
sixth, "the material sword must co-operate j
Ti'.E SAN Fit Ay CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, IS9G.
with the spiritual and assist it": seventh,
"the secular power should be guided by the
spiritual aa the higher"; eighth, "the spiritual
has the pre-eminence ever the ma
lerial"; ninth, "the temporal power is sub
i rdinated to the ecclesiastical, as to the
higher'; tenth, "the temporal power, if it is
not good, Is indeed by the spiritual" ; eleventh,
"to the ecclesiastical authority" (that is, to
the Pope r.nd his hierarchy) "the words of the
Prophet Jeremiah apply, 'Lol I have set thee
this day over the nations and over kingdoms,
to root up and to pu'.i down, and to waste and
tn destroy, and to build, and to plant'";
twi lfth, when "the temporal power goes astray
i: is Judged by the spiritual"; tnirieenth, "for
obtaining eternal happiness each one is re
quired to submit to the Pope-; fourteenth,
"the supremacy of the Pope even in temporal
things"; and, fifteenth, the Popes "recognize
human authorities in their proper place till
they lift up their will against God."
In a future article we intend to prove that
the Papacy in the United States has acie.l upon
these principles. H. W. Bowman.
FOUNDATION OF THE CHUECH,
Rev. Cnarles W. Wendte of Oakland Writes on
the Subject.
The Rev. Charles W. Wendte, pastor of
the First Unitarian Church of Oakland,
writes to the Examiner on three points of
the controversy. The following is a sum
mary of his contentions:
First— claim of the Roman Catholic Church
to have an exclusive and divine right through !
Christ's institution and Peter's selection and I
primacy as the first Christian Bishop in Home to
rule over the souls of men and assure their salva
tion in this and nil worlds.
Second— J lie doctrine of civil government held
by that church as contrasted with our American
and secular theory of church ami state. i
Third— The comp.-.rative trmh and excellence of
the liotnau Catholic and' Protestan: theories of
religion and church government as shown prac
tical^ In the lives of individuals, states, nations
and races of men.
The first claim is based on a certain mysteri
ous passage in the New Testament, a passage
whicn, by the way, is to be found in but one
of tue four gospels. It reads: "Thou art Pe
ter fPetros), and on this rock (Petros) will 1
build my church."
But these words nre capable of various inter
pretations when considered in the light of
other passages. Elsewhere In the New Testa
ment Christ is called "the only foundation
which can be laid" (Corinthians I, :iii:2) the
"headstone, of the corner" (by Peter himself in
Acts iv:2), as if the apostolic writer.-, were
quite unaware of any such exclusive distinc
tion having been conferred on Peter. Accord
ing to Mark (iii:10) and Luke (vi:l4) the be
stowal of this name Peter upon Simon took |
place on an earlier and different occasion.
Jesus no doubt depended greatly on Peter to !
spread the gospel. But this does not imply l
that Jesus depended wholly on Peter. He was j
no "rock" in the eyes, of the Master. He ful- j
filled in a great degree, however, the expecta
tion and prophecy of the Christ. Largely
throngh his devotion and labor the mother !
church at Jerusalem was founded. But in the ;
later history of the apostolic church his in
fluence seems to have waned. In the Jewish
branch James, occupied the foremost place and
in the Christian Pnul was far more conspicu
ous.
In the Bible the word church is never used
to signify a hierarchy. There was no such life
long office as Bishop in the early church. Ihe j
Church was a congregation. The :irsi church ;
officers mentioned in the New Testament— the '
deacons (Acts vi:2-o)— were ordained by all the I
Apostles in common, not by Peter alone. So,
again, when earnest teachers are needed in
Samaria (Acts vil:li), the Apostles exercise
then collective authority and send Peter and
John ihither.
Still more significant is the testimony af
forded by the council or synod of Apostles
mentioned in the fifteenth chapter of the Book
of Acts. Peter does not preside over it, as he \
would naturally have done if he had been
recognized as Primate. He defends his own
course like a private member of the congrega
tion, and James is the one who proposes the
compromise which is finally adopted by the '
Apostles, elders and congregation, in settle
ment of their differences.
The Catholic church has always claimed that
Peter, after a stay of ten years as Bishop of
Antioch, departed for Rome, where, after reign
ing for twenty-live years, he suffered with Paul
a martyr's death.
If Peter was in Rome he must have left
Jerusalem for Antioch immediately after
the crucifixion of Christ* and remained i
in Asia Minor for ten years. But this
is an impossibility, for we learn from
the Books of Acts and the Epistle to
the Galatians that Peter was in Jerusalem for '
many years after the crucifixion. Paul finds i
him here (Galatians 1:18) three years after
his ■.version, and he tells us (Galatians ii:l- i
11 thai it was not until fourteen years after
this (3 plus 14 equal 17) that Peter went to ;
Antioch, and then not as Bishop, but on a
missionary visit #nly.
Again, if Peter was for twenty-five years a 1
Bishop in Rome and was put to death there in j
68 A. D.. he must have gone there as early as
tae year -43 of our era. But turning to'the :
New Testament we rind that Peter was in I
prison at Jerusalem in the year 44. In the j
year 50 Paul meets him in Jerusalem. In the!
year 58 Paul writes his great Epistle to the
Romans. Now, it is strange thin in all this i
epistle there should not be a single allusion to
Peter. Trie last chapter is made up principally
of greetings to Paul's acquaintances in the
Eternal City. Some twenty-six different per
sons are mentioned by name, but Peter's,
Paul's fellow aposTle, is not once referred to. i
Is not this inexplicable and inconceivable, if
Peter was really in Rome at the time, and, as
is claimed, was founder and Bishop of the I
church there! Why, indeed, did Paul feel
called upon at all to write his letter of counsel
and admonition to the Romans, if they already
had an apostolic and authoritative teacher like :
Peter abiding among them? This considera- I
tion alone goes far to settle the question.
Two years after writing this epistle Paul
comes himself to Rome (80 A. D.) to stay we
know not how long. The Boole of Acts closed j
with Paul's captivity there. But neither the
Book of Acts nor Paul in the epistles he wrote
from Rome make any mention of Peter, which
is inconceivable if he was abiding there at the
time and the acknowledged head of the
church. In the first Epistle of Peter, v. 13 we
find a salutation from "she (the charch
is in Babylon." Roma i Catholic theologians
interpret Babylon in this message to !>e a con
cealed reference to Rome. But this is merely
an assumption. We know that Babylon was
Bull a considerable city in Peter's day and that :
the apostle's activity was displayed in that •
very region.
In conclusion the Humming up may be as fol
lows: First— St. Peter was never invested with I
any extraordinary spiritual authority over the
other apostle*. Second— Even had be been
thus invested there is no reason for believing i
that this supposed authority was to be trans
mitted to hie successors, the notion of such
transmission ing purely an assumption on
the part of the Roman church. Third—
Peter was never Bishop of Rome. Fourth— St'
Peter never could have resided in Rome for
the length of time claimed by the Roman
Church. Fifth— He was) hi all probability
never in the city of Rome at any time.
Taking the negative of these conclusions we !
nnd the shaky foundation upon which the |
towering superstructure of the Papacy Is built. i
The power oi the. Popes is on the wane, as may j
be proved by a glance at the forlorn condition j
ot the church in Catholic countries. Surely
this decaying antique cannot be the church of
Christ against which the gates of hell cannot
prevail.
In the Roman communion many fine exam- i
ples of Christian character may be found: but
the whole history of the Papacy shows how !
dangerous is the policy which concentrates
absolute and irresponsible power In the hands
of mere men. It is the duty of every Protestant
minister to expose the fallacy of Roman hier- I
archical pretensions. Beyond all doubt
Catholicism is losing ground, in this country
and our free American institutions are prepar
ing the way for its transformation or perhaps
its overthrow. "
This review has not been undertaken for the !
purpose of glorifying the Protestant sects at
the expense of the Catholic church, but for the
sake of true Christianity, the welfare of which
will be brought about by the downfall of the
spiritual and temporal sovereignty of Rome
In the gospel >>: Matthew (xviii:lß) we read
that Jesus committed the power to bind and I
loose, to retain and remit sin, not only to i
Peter, but to all the disciples. "Verily. 1 say
unto you, whatsoever ye bind on earth shall
be bound in heaven, and whatsoever ye loose i
on earth shall be loosed in heaven." What
ever weight of authority we may attach to this
mysterious passage, one thing is assured, the :
keys of heaven are in the hands of no one '
privileged mediator between man and (.oil
Every disciple is a priest of the Most High;
every pure soul is God's temple, every honest
thought, every virtuous action and holy j
prayer brings us into immediate and intimate
relations with our Father in heaven, promotes
our present felicity and opens the kingdom of
heaven to all believers.
 . '•£: '" Charles W. Wendte,
Minister First Unitarian Church of Oakland. :
Oakland, January 9, 1890.
THE EAELT CHSJSTJAN CHURCH.
Bey. Father Yorke Eaplies to Eev. Charles
W. Wendte.
Father Yorice's latest contribution to
the controversy is as follows:
_ , January 10, 1896.
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: The Rev.
Dr. Wencte of Oakland has thought it well to
undertake a reconsideration 01 some of the
more important points treated during the
present controversy. Dr. \\>ndte prefaces his
letter with a little homily on the bad temper
and bad words which have characterized the
discussion.
i do not intend to defend the propriety of
every expression I may have used in letters
written always in great haste and often with
many interruptions and annoyances,' hut at
the same time f am not prepared to apologize
for any. The best hurler always sits on the
lenee. and no one can give better advice for
the proper management of a light than the
looker-on.
If Dr. Wendte had to deai with the men I
nave been compelled to notice his plumage
might not now be so unruflleci. It he had
j been met not with arguments but with forgery.
I with misrepresentation, with calumny, aye,
and even with obscene sneers and insinuations
against everything and everybody he holds
near and dear.it is possible that he might
have been able to maintain the calm and dig
nified tone with, which a professor pulpitcd on
an iceberg might address a young ladies' semi
nut y. It is possible, if Dr. Wendte has the
temper of an angel. I haven't.
However, this is neither here nor there. I
am dealing now with Dr. Wendte, and all I
huve heard of him leads me lo the belief that
he is both a scholar and a gentleman. I hope
to reply to him as courteously mid as calmly
as he has criticized me. If, in the course of
these letters a>;y expression should escape me
calculated to annoy or hurt him or any Prot
estant 1 apoloeize for it beforehand. l>r.
Wendte has judged me harshly in supposing
that lam anxious merely for" "partisan tri
umph. I assure him that however much np
penranc.es may have misrepresented my posi
tion my sole desire is not victory, but truth.
THE STATE OF THE OJBSTION.
In my explanation of the teachings of the
Catholic church concerning civil allegiance I
made a slight sketch of the argument which
leads from the idea of revelation to the dogma
of infallibility. My object in making this
sketch was not to elaborate the details, but to
define the links in the chain. One of these I
links was the statement of fact: "Our Lord
constituted St. Peter the ruler of his church." i
j The next link was another statement of fact:
I "The Pope is the successor of St. Peter." Dr.
Wendte tries to break these two links and his
letter was written to prove—
1. Peter was never invested by Jesus Christ
with any extraordinary authority or spiritual
supremacy over the other disciples.
'J. Even if be hail been so invested there is
nothing to show that this authority was or ]
could be transferred to succeeding generations
of disciples.
3. Peter was n n ver Bishop in Rome.
4. Peter never abode in Rome for any such
term as is claimed for him in the official dee
larationa of the Roman Catholic church.
5. Peter was mall probability never in Rome
at all.
1 intend in this letter to examine the proofs
offered by Dr. Wendte to substantiate these con- I
elusions ana see how far they bear out his con- j
structions. Let me say, however, in the begin- I
ning that in this argument I use the Bible
! merely as a human composition. I leave out !
. tbe question of its supernatural character and
consider it simply as a history, like C'jesar's ■
Commentaries or Xenophon's Anabasis. 1 I
take for granted that it is substantially coi- |
rect— as correct as any other authentic record j
of the past. The questions with which we nave \
to deal are nil questions of fact and to substan- ;
tiate questions of fact we only require credible :
testimony.
I— THE M PF.EMACY OF ST. PETER.
In my summary of Catholic teaching I stated
that Christ constituted St. Peter the ruler of j
his church. To substantiate this assertion I i
alleged the following proofs:
(1) Christ built bis church on Peter.
(•2, Christ gave Peter the symbols of royal
authority in the church.
(3) Christ gave Peter the royal power of bind
ing and loosing.
(4) Christ gave Peter the oftiee of confirming
the brethren.
(5) Christ gave Peter the commission to feed
i the lambs and sheep.
Dr. Wendte has not thought it well to con
sider the arsuments (2) and (5). He diverts the
main force of his reasoning seainst argument
' No. (I). He deal with argument No. (8) in a
j paragraph, and he dismisses No. (4) in half a
sentence. To these he adds various considera
tions which militate not against the proof, but
against the fact Itself. This is not the order
followed by Dr. Wendte, but I think it is the I
■ •. rest way to put the matter, and to my
mind clearness is the tirst requisite in a con- 1
I troversy. I will therefore deal with the first |
tion of fact in the following order:
a. objections against the proofs alleged to |
substantiate the fact.
1. The argument from the Rock metaphor is !
of no value, because:
(a) Peter is not the only Rock.
His name Rock was given on a different
occasion, and therefore has no special slgnifl- '
. . Peter was the Reck simply because he I
took a leading part in spreading the church.
Peter was not the Rock, because Christ
. rebuked him and because he denied Christ.
'J. The argument from the commission to
confirm the brethren is of no weight, because
nothing was meant but St. Peter's natural
: fervor.
3. The argument from the power of binding '■
; and loosing is of no weight, because all the j
; disci;. ies received the sam» Dower.
B. objections against tbe fact itself.
(1) Our Lord himself expressly provided
j against a primacy.
(2) The uneient church was not organized on
n nlerachical basis, and therefore there was no
; room tor v Pope.
CS) The whole history of the apostolic church !
shows no trace of trie primacy of Peter 1 ■■
Ihe apost k-s exercised tneir authority in
; common.
(b) Peter did not preside at the council of
\ Jerusalem.
(<•) Paul withstood him face to face.
:he fourth gospel glorifies Johu, not
Peter.
I— THE BOCK FOrNr>ATION\
Dr. Wendte says < mcerning the argument
I in favor of St. Peter's primacy, deduced from I
:h' famous text of St Matthew:
''This claim Is usually based, to begin with,
on a certain mysterious passage, which, by the
way, is to oc found in but one of the four
s. It rends: 'Thou art Peter (Pi
i ana upon this rock (Petra) will I build my
: church.' "
statement of the case calls for a few
i remarks. In the first place that the fact is
oned In only one of the four gospels is
utterly devoid of significance. Xo scholar
now Imagines thai the four gospels were
\ written f o r the purpose of setting down all
thatour Lord did oi said, and that we are to
rtance of the doctrine by the
-of times it is mentioned. Each of tho
gospels was written for a certain set purpose
ia instructive that it is in the gospel
! I to -how to the Jewa that i
iphecles bad been fulfilled, that tbe reiini
1 oi David \\u- to be succeeded bj the reign
of tii- bon oi David, that the earthly scepter of
Judah was to give way to the spiritual king-
It is significant that this gust. el gives
organization i : the kingdom or heaven
and the worda of the Christ, which declare
how and on what it is founded. Ido not sup
latDr. Wendte denies the authenticity
of this incident, and if It is authentic that is
( ail that Is i.ci essary lor the argument
In the second place the claim of the Pope to
macy It n< ; usually i.a^ed on this pas
sage. The other arguments which J cave are,
1 ns far a.s my r< -. urged by th<
-t as often us this one. To my ■
I mind the strongest argument which can be
Oi the (.apal supremacy is the
pupal supremacy itself. The. church to-day ia
tier own witness as she was when the apostles
■ set out for the tirst time from the upper |
chamber in Jerusalem. She is now as she was j
! then, the city seatod on the mountain-toe. '
\ She is the standard lifted up to the nations
] that all may know where is the appointed
i rendezvous of the kin?.
| In the third place, 1 cannot imagine why Dr.
Wendtn should call this s mysterious passage.
1 know there is a school of writers who aim to j
I explain away everything thnt tells against
] them and get rid of an obnoxious text by
• smothering !t la smoke. However, I do not!
| expect Dr. Wendte to resort to such tactics, i
He stands for ••an honest and impartial review
: of the Bible testimony," and an honest and
, impartial review scouts snch adjectives as !
i "mysterious." Remember, we ere dealing !
; now with the Bible, just as if it were the "His- i
I torr of the Gaelic V\ar"; or, "The Retreat of the I
Ten Thousand." Profane scholars would lin- i
ger to scorn the man who wonld attempt to j
■•-'■aj.p from the p'.sin meaning of a text In
| these books by dubbing it "mysterious." Let
■ us have ai much honesty as secular and j
; worldly men, and if a point Is made against us ;
lei as not evade it by running our heads into a !
iea.p.
c r absolutely nothing mysterious in |
this text of Bt. Matthew if it is taken in its
natural signification, aa Catholics take it. If
(plain li by the prejudices which
arose 1500 years after it was written w<> will
Bnd it obscure enough. If we try t;> ni^ki- l|
it oar preconceived theory that Peter was not i
head <.t the church it will prove a veritable
crux. Bui permit me to state that, this-i* not
! the honest and Impartial way to review the I
Bible. What the Pope* may have done or what !
: the Cat no! it- church claims «-;:ould have no in- i
tluence on our interpretation of any passage. !
If tin- passage hai a certain obvious meaning, i
, that meaning should be held, no matter what
; may have happened after the book was written, i
, If we follow this coinrnon-sense rule we j
; shall (inri no mystery in Christ's promise, but |
if the text is to be wrested to fit our prej::; . s
then we shall discover it to be Jusi as mys
i terious us that other text which, like the king
dom oi heaven suffereth violence, "This is my
body, this is my biood."
A calm and impartial review of tho incident,
n- related in the Gospel of Bt. Matthew, will
dispel all ideas of mystery. 1 quote from the j
re vlsftd version : "Now when .ie.-us came into '
the parts oi Caesarea Pbillipi be asked hisdis- I
Ciples, saying. Whom do men say that the Son of i
man is? And they said, Some say John the;
Baptist, some Elijah, and others Jeremiah or
one of the prophets. He saith unio them, But
whom say ye that 1 am ? And Simon Peter an
owered and said. Thou art the Cferlst, the sou
of the Living God.
"And Jtsus answered and said unto him:
Btawed art thou, Simon Bnrjonah, fur flesh
and "v ooii iiatti not revealed it unto thee, but
my Father which is in heavy. And 1 aiso say
unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this
reck i will' build my Church, and the pales of j
• JiHdes .shall not prevail against it. I will give
i unio thee the keys in the kingdom of heaven,
aud whatsoever tt.ou shait bird on earth shall
be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou
shall loose on earth shall be loosed in lieaven.
Then charged he the disciples that they should
tell no man that he was the Christ."
Let any honest and unprejudiced American
repeat this pe.s-nge aloud, and then he will eer
taialy agree with Dr. Wendtc chat it is very
mysterious if it means nothing at all.
But let us consider for a moment Christ's
words in their natural context aid in their
natural signification. He is a great teacher
who lias been going up and down the province
ot Galilee preaching and doing good. The
whole population is stirred to its depths.
Some are in his favor; some are
bitterly opposed to him. One crias
out that he is the son of David.
Another sneers, "He is a Sameritan and hath a
devil. It happen! that on a certain occasion
he withdraws with hii chosen companions to
the mountain solitudes. These are the twelve
he has selected to carry on his work. Thar,
work is the formation of the kingdom of
heaven. No doub: the questionings which
were distracting the people found an echo in
the hearts of the disciples. They, too, were
wondering who was this man. So'onedayhe
turns to them and puts the question straight
to them, "Whom do ye say that I am," and cue
of them, Bimon, the sun 01 John, speaks up:
"Thou are the Messias. Thou urt he who
is to come 10 restore the kingdom
to Israel." And Christ answers and says
to this disciple, "Thou art a rock, and upon
this rock I will build my church and the gates
of hell shail not prevail against it. He speaks
in metaphors. He imagines his church as a
i city. It is not a city in peace. The shadow of
| the cross has fallen on his soul; be is a
sign which shall be contradicted. His church
i shall ever be beleaguered by his enemies. The
! gotes of hell shall encamp over against it. I
I Around it shall wage the eternal war between
i good and evil, between light and darkness. '
Through all the coming centuries here
shall be the thickest of the fight.
When, therefore, fie lay the foundations i
lof the church he must lay them broad i
and deeD. None knew better than lie how nec
essary it was to reach the rock. He had spoken
i of the house l.uilt on the sand und had told
bow the rains had fallt n and the winds had
I rated, arid the ri-od hud lifted up their voice, ;
and how the house had fallen because it whs
built upon the sstnn. He had spoken too of tho
house built on the rock. In vain had the ruin
lashed it ; in vain had the storm wreaked its
fury on it; in vain had the torrents hurled
themselves against it. It -stood unshaken be
cause it was founded upon the rock.
And now he whs about to build his church.
Against it shall come not wind or water, but
| the very gates of hell. In all their pride, in ail
their cunning, in all their brute strength, in
hII their ungovernable fury, they snail rntre.
; Firm and strong must that church be to with
stand their assaults, and linn and strong the
I Lord builds it upon the rock.
I "On this rock will I build my church, and
| the. gates ot hell snail not prevail against it."
Now, what does all tins imagery mean?
! After all, the church is not a building, and St.
i Peter is not a rock; the church is a. society,
and St Peter is a man. Evidently this man
wus to have a certain office in the society. The
object of th»t officer is to hold the society
together against its enemies, and to hold it
together in such away that these enemies Bhall
I neier prevail. Such an office in a society
| made up of men implies jurisdiction— implies
oversight. Otherwise how snail they be held
together?
Dnletß a general has supreme power over his
men he cannot mass them to the best advan
tage, be cannot punish traitors, ne cannot re
ward the brave, he cannot keep his men to
gether ur.d present a united front to the
| enemy. It is the same with tne church. Un
less 1-eter has supreme power he cannot carry
out the duties of his onice, for his office implies
that he sustains the church and brings her
victorious over all the assaults of her enemies.
THK OBJECTIONS.
Such, then, Mr. Editor, is the plain and ob
vious meaning of these words oi Christ.
Mr. Wendte, however, is determined to make
I them mysterious, and to do so quotes Scrip
: lure against Scripture. Let me state th«t the
gentle art of upsetting one text by means of
: another is not at all difficult of acquisition.
A good concordance and a little ingenuity will
: disprove the dec.ilogue and justify the seven
j dtadiv sins. Every one knows the old story
.oi the bibilcal obligation of suicide. The
' irascible o:d ma:i who was pestered by the
lirst young scripture-reader turned on him
suddenly: Sir, it Is written in Matt, xxxvii; 4,
that "Judas went away and hanged himself."
j It is also written Lukex: 37, "Go thou and do
likewise.'' History does no; relate the sequel,
] but 1 am afraid that Dr. Wendte has been
adopting some such system of exegesis in his
endeavors to mystify S. Matthew.
(a) FETER NOT THE ONLY ROCK.
"These words,' says Mr. Wendte, "are
capable of various interpretations when con
sidered in the light of other passages. Else
where in th" New Testament Christ is tailed
I 'The only foundation which can be laid,'
(I Corinthians, iii: 11) the 'hetidstone of
the corner' (by Peter himself In Acts iv: 2), as
if the apostolic writers were quite unaware of
any such exclusive distinction having been
conferred on Peter."
] mus; confesti, Mr. Editor, that I cannot un
! dt-rsiand what light these texts can throw on
| toe passage from St Matthew, Christ in ad
dressing St. Peter does not call him a founda
tion. Be calls him the rock on which founda
tion aud all is laid. The metaphors used by
St. Peter and by st. Paul are entirely different.
Surely Mr. Wendte distinguishes between the
ground on which the cornerstone is laid and
the ccnemone itself. In the epistle to the
Corinthians, St. Paul is rebuking nis trouble
some converts for their unruly
They have formed factions about" various
teachers. The apostle exhorts them to
■ ase to hed the mere person of
the men who baptized them or taught
them. The work of regeneration is the sum;',
whether Paul planted or Apollos. They ure
as a building— he lays the foundation, another
puts up the walls. There is only th(
foundation of each man's spiritual life— Jesus
cur;-.;. On tins foundation et\ch one builds
. n work— gold, silver, costly stones, wood,
hay, stubble.
Now , I may ask Dr.Wendte what in the name
mmon-sense iius this passage to do ui:h
the u-xr from Matthew? There Christ speaks
of building his church foundation, and all on
; here St. Paui speaks of each individual
Christian as rearing his spiritual life upon v.
foundation already laid— namely, Christ. How
does (his latter prove thut Peter wus not the
only rook .'
I The second text is taken from St Peter's
speech before the council. The apostle de
clares: "He it known unto you arid to all the '■■
people t hat in the name of Jesua Christ of
Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised \
from the dead, even in him doth this man
Btand here before you whole. He is the stone
which was set at naught by you, the builders,
which was made the bead oi the corner."
Again I ask Mr. Wendte what bearing has
this text on the rock on which Christ built his
church. The meaning oi the apostle is that as
the despised stone was put in the place of
honor, so the rejected Christ was now glnr;tiod.
I Therefore, concludes Mr. Wendte, St. Peter
was not the only rock on which Christ built
his church. If this is the result of an honest
and impartial review of the liiWe testimony,
•nay the jrood Lord deliver us from such
honesty ami impartiality.
(b) THE GIVING OF HIS NAME.
Mr. Wendte continues: "According to Mark
lii:l6 and Luke vi:l4 the bestowal of this
name upon Simon took place on an earlier and
different occasion." Surely Mr. Wendte did
not take the trouble of looking up the texts.
The two passages lie quotes are the lists of the
names of the apostles. Luke begins: "Simon
whom he also named Peter and Andrew
his brother." Mr. Wendte wishes us to
infer from this that our Lord changed
Simon's name on that occasion. The
list ends, . "And Judas Iscariot, who
also betrayed him." Are we to infer that
Judas betrayed him there and then? I am
surprised that Mr. Wendte should descend to
such puerilities. In none of the*e lists is it
declared that Christ chaifged Peter's name
when the Apostles were called. In all of them
his new came is given, but we must remember
that the gospels were written long after the
death of our Lord. Just us Judas' treachery is
mentioned by all long before it occurred, so
Peter's exaltation is mentioned by all long
before the promise was made,
(C) PETER WAS THE BOCK, BECAUSE HE SPREAD
THE CHURCH.
"Jesus, no doubt," says Mr. Wondto, "de
pended greatly on Peter to spread his gospel
and build up his cause on earth."
If he did, all I can say is that he took a very
queer way of expressing it. Christ says that
fie will build his church on St. Peter and Mr
Wendte declares that St. Peter built the church
himself. Of course no one denies that St.
Peter was a builder of the church, but we must
not mix our metaphors. It is one thing to be
the rock on which the city set- impregnable, it
is another thing 10 spread that city's fame
abroad. One man may be described by both
metaphors, bat that lie is one does not prove
that he is not the other. That he extends the
city's domain does not mean that he is not the
city's impregnable defense. And when Christ
says St. Peter was the rock his laying is not
verified by the fact that Peter preached the
gospel. Surely Mr. Wendte would not turn the :
Apostle into a sort of evangelical rolling stone.
(d) pbtsb was NOT THE ROCK.
Mr. Wenate has admitted that Peter was the
rock; he feels bound in revenge, I suppose, to
prove now that be is not the rock. "Peter was
no rock." he says, "in the eyes of his master
when shortly afier Jesus felt called to rebuke
him in the terrible words. 'Get thee beuind
me, satan,thou are an offense unto me; for thou
suvorest not the things that be of God, but
those that be of men.' Again, Peter was no
rock, when in the high priest's house he de
nied his Lord out of sheer cowardice."
Of course he was not. The words of Christ
were a promise concerning the future. He did
not say "1 build," but "1 will build." The
church was not to be built until after there; ur
rectiou mid the rock was not prepared until
the church was about to be erected. Th.-refore
the rebuke administered by Christ and Peter's
subsequent cowardice prove only thai our Lord
did not build upon Peter's natural gifts 01 ex
cellencies, but upon a rock which be himself
would prepare in his own good lime. Such
then, Mr. Editor, ere the reasons which Dr.
Wendte has brought against the argument
from the "Metaphor of the Rock." How weak
and conclusive they are -'an honest arrl r.n
jartial review" will show. Three of them
have absolutely nothing to do with the text
and (be fourth misconstrues its meaning. To
morrow I hope to end this letter. Yours truly,
P. C. Yokke."
FUN IN OLD CLOTHES.
Borromean Council, Y. 31. 1., Gives a
Unique Party iii the Mission.
There was acurious gathering last Thurs
day evening in the ball at 2131 Mission
street, and it was intended that it should
Ibe curious. Borromean Council No. 129,
l Young Men's Institute, gave an old-clothes
1 party in honor of the newly elected oiii
cers.* These are :
President, N. J. Foey; first vice-president,
R. J. Dowdall; second vice-president, p. F. Dil
lon; recording secretary, K. E. Fazaekerley ;
j financial secretary, George F. Lynch; tiens
' urer, C. R. tiegan; inside sentinel, T. Mc
i Mahon; outside sentinel, T. J. Panzini; exec
j utivc committee— J. C. R. Corrigan, J. J. Corri
gan and J. A. (jaftican.
It was an old-clothes party in every
sense of the term. T c visitor who failed
to conform to the rules was made to no
to the dressing-room, rumple his hair
and turn his coat in?ide out or he ejected.
' Faces that had not been shaved for a week
! were in favor. The ladies were not to be
I outdone, for they attended the affair in the
most tattered and torn garments they
could rind. One of the features of the
I evening was the "Hobo march." Be
i tween the dances the members of tiie coun
! cil entertained by songs and reci'ations,
mostly of a humorous 'nature. The affair
was under the direction of K. E. Fazacicer
ley, K. J. Dowdall, P. F. Dillon, H. T.
: Gaffney and N. J. Hoey.
COL. MACDONALD`S WRATH
It Was Aroused by the Brilliant
Armory Coup of Three
Companies.
They Moved to Market Street With
out Leave and Now Are
Yanked to Gough.
Colonel "William Mac Donald issued an
order Thursday which means that he will
stand no nonsense, and now the three
companies of the old Third Regiment, who
quietly packed up and moved to the arm
ory at Tenth and Market streets without
leave or con>ultation with the colonel of
the regiment are sorry they did it.
His order issued last riieht, the third
orders he has given since taking command
metaphorically takes the three smart
companies by the back of the neck
and lands them in the armory at
Page and Gough, where they don't want
to co. He declined to say anythine
about his order last night and did it in a
quiet tone that was tinged witb> deep
indignation and resolute determination.
Since the reorganization the armory
question has been a burning one. The
three companies on Golden Gate avenue
knew that they would have to move soon.
They wanted to move, but didn't want to
go to Page and Gough streets. It was sup
cosed that the settlement of the armory
question would turn out that two more
companies of the new regiment would be
sent to the Nationals' armory, on Ellis
street, and the remaining eight concen
trated at Page and Gough street?. It is
now practically certain that this will be
done.
But there was a possibility that the ar
mory at Tenth and Market might be
chosen instead of the one at Page and
Gough, and the companies who made the
surprising coup thought t;,at if they really
got to Tenth und Market they might be
able to stay. So, without paying a word,
all their effects were suddenly ru-hed over
to the coveted quarters, Company E tak
ing possession of the old regimental offi
cers' headquarters.
The rest of the guard were astonished
at the audacity of the move. Colonel
Mac Donald was astounded and wroth. It
was held to be not only a violation of reg
ulations, but a gross discourtesy to the
commanding ofh'cer. The coio'nel had
about ready for issuance an order arrang
ing the companies as described at Page
and Gough and Ellis streets, and the fact
became known by rumor, hastening the
move which forestalled the order.
Colonel Mac Donald didn't go ahead
with that order. He got out a new one
yesterday directed solely to the new Com
panies, whose accoutrements were still
on the floors of the claims tl.ev had
jumped. It directs that these throe com
panies, A, E and H, of which the re
spective captains are Jobn P. Connolly,
Edward Fitzpatrick and Frank B. Warr
en, move to the armory at Pa^e and
Gough streets before February 1 and take
their State property along.
The officers and men of the three com
panies heard of the order las-t night and
didn't feel so well. "I suppose the order
will have to he obeyed," ssiu Captain
Fitzpatrick. The captain explained that
tiie move was made by virtue of orders.
The orders wore verbally given by Briga
dier-General Wartiold to Lieutenant-Col
onel James F. Smith a month ago ani
verbally transmitted by Sruith. Buy before
yesterday it waa decided to obey these
orders, in the absence of any others.
The Tenth and Market" quarters were
desired because oi the location and because
the company quarters there are larger and
more attractive than the ones at Page and
Gough streets. It is a moral certafntv
that companies F and X of the old Second
will soon go to Ellis street.
A FINE PAINTING SPOILED.
Phelan's Gift to the Native Sons In
jured in Packing.
When J. D. Phelan was one of the Cali
fornia World's Fair Commissioners he
purchased at Chicago a beautiful painting,
which he intended to present to the
Native Sens for a drop curtain for the new
stage in the N. S. G. W. Hall. The pic
ture wa« thirty by twenty feet in size and
was the production of Thaddeus Welch, a
California artist. The subject is, "The
Golden Gate as Viewed From Goat Island."
The painting attracted much attention at
the World's Fair and it cost Mr. Phe'an
$8000.
Or. Tuesday it was found that the Mint
ing had been ruined by the careless per
sons who packed and shipped it two years
aco. Instead of winding the canvas Ton a
roller these bunglers wrapped it around a
4 by 4 inch s. aniline and every four'
inches the canvas is cracked so that it is
doubtful if it can be used. The package h:*s
been at Mr. Phelan's home since its arrival
two year? a*o. It was intended to open
the bnilding on the 26tb hist, and the loss
of the drop (•.main is a sad blow to those
interested. Efforts will be made to see ; f
it can be artistically retouched and pressed
out smooth again.
SELEY HELD FOR TRIAL.
The Absconding Cashier of the Bum
House Admitted to Bail.
A. W. Seley, the ex-cashier of the Kuss
House who absconded with over $2
the funds of the hotel, was examined before
Judge Low yesterday. Colonel Young afid
Captain Callundin of Morse's Detective
Agency were cailed as witnesses. Colonel
\ouns stated that Seiey intended to plead
guiliy to the charge and this was not de
nied by the prisoner. He was held in $0000
bonda for trial before the Superior Court
Rain Is Comine.
leather Prophet Hammond thinks it vill
rain before Sunday. There is a disturbed at
tnosj.herlc condition which, he says eivi's
more promise oi rain than there has been dur
tog the entire dry spell we have nad. While
SU A 1 . yCt wl" 10 ** Recast rain for Sun
day, he feels conlident it will come by then
LOTS MAY NOT BE SOLD
Report of the Street Committee
in the Cemeteries
Matter.
THE ASSOCIATIONS PROTEST.
Right of the Supervisors to Legis
late Questioned— Legal Measures
May Result.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday to report in
favor of the proposed ordinance prohibit
ing the further sale of burial lots in the
cemeteries within the City limits.
Representatives of the various burying
grounds were present to protest against
the measure being fayored. For the Laurel
Hill Cemetery Association Giles 11. Gray
appeared and presented a strong plea for
that organization. He urged that i' the
sale of lots were cut off the larger portion
of the income necosary to keep tne ceme
tery in order would be lost to the associa
tion and the burial ground would fall to
ruin and decay.
He claimed that if any fault was to be
found with the sanitary condition of the
cemetery it devolved upon the Board of
Health and not the Board of Suuervisors
to remedy the matter. He maintained,
however, that Laurel Hill Cemetery is
conducted with a view to following the
latest sanitary methods to the fullest
extent.
John F. Cowdery appeared for the Odd
Feliows' Association. He produced tsta
tist.es calculated to show that cemeteries
are apparently conducive to the good
health of the residents of the districts in
which they are situated. He called atten
tion to the fact that in the Twelfth Ward,
where the cemeteries are situated, the
death rate is lower than in any other sec
sion of the City.
Mr. Cowdery produced an affidavit to
the effect that at a recent gathering which
the advocates of closing the cemeteries
claimed was a big mass-meeting only
twenty-five persons were present, includ*
ing the newspaper reporters and the pro
prietor of the hall. This he claimed showed
that the majority of the Richmond prop
ert>-owners were not in favor of closing.
He called attention to the fact that the
proposed legislation would not, apply to
the City Cemetery, and that it would re
sult in unjust discrimination. Sanitary
considerations, he *aid, could not accaunt
for the measure, as in the lota airpady sold
in the Odd Fellows' c metery 20,000 bodies
could be buried, and that tne only result
would be to prevent the sale of the sixty
lots not yet disposed of.
The Ricmnnnd property-owners were
represented by Chanes H. Hubbs, who
argued at lengih that the cemeteries were
detrimental to the health of the district,
and that while statistics mi ht be brought
to show that the Twelfth Ward has a lower
death rate than other portions of the City,
it was not oecause the cemeteries were
located there, but because of its naturnl
advantages. He claimed tha; the property
of Pachmond should also be considered, as
the proximity of the burial grounds kept
people Jrom locating there.
W. W. Allen also spoke in lavor of the
measure, claiming that from a legal point
of view the board had every right to pro
hibit the sale of lo:s. After a short con
ference the committee decided to advocate
the adoption oi the measure, and will so
report at the next meeting of the board.
Supervisors King and Dirnond opposed
the lavoring oi the ordinance, and there is
prospect of a lively fight before the meet
ing of the board on Monday next.
The cemetery associations will also take
steps to test the right of th- board to pie
veiit the sale of lots in case the ordinance
is finally passed by the Supervisors.
Advanced in Astronomy.
Professor A. E. Leuschner of the rniverslty
of California will give an illustrated lecture,
entitle.'! "Some Recent Advances in Astron
omy," at the Mechanics' Library, 31 Fos: street,
Saturday evening. This is oneof the .Mechan
ics' Institute's c-.rjrse of lectures, and will be
free to members oi the institute and their
friend 1 ;.
NEW TO-DAY.
SAVED FROM MCOTIffi
Father and Son Set Free at
Ashville, N. C.
little Charley Fogleman Used Tobacco
Sinue Babyhood, and Hi* Father
Smoked and Chewed for the Past
Twenty Years.
"Is that true?" asked the News man at
Pelham's Pharmacy as he laid down a let-
ter in the presence of a dozen interested
customers.
"Yes, it i?," promptly answered the pro-
prietor. "It was written here on one of
our letterheads and signed by J. C. Fogle-
man, who lives at No. 5 Buxton street.
We all know he is a man of his word."
"I am glad to hear it. You will agree
with me that it is almost too good to be
true. This is what the letter said :
"Office of Pelham's Pharmacy, 24 Patton
avenue. Asheville, N. C, September 12,
1894— Gentlemen My little boy, now 8
years, began chewing tobacco* when 3
years old by the advice of our family
physician in the place of stronger stimu-
lants. Four or five weeks ago I began
piving him No-To-Bac, which I bought at
Peiham's Pharmacy, ana to my groat sur-
prise, and.it is needless to say, my delight,
No-To-Bac completely cured him. He
does not seem to care for tobacco and in
very much improved in health, eats
heartily and has a much better color.
"Finding such remarkable results from
the use of No-To-Bac I began myself and
it cured me, atter using tobacco in all its
various forms for a period of twenty years.
"I take pleasure in making this "plain
statement of facts for the benefit of others.
(Siened) J. C. FOGLEMAN."
"What's that?" asked Chief of Police
Hawkins, whose manly form attired in the
new. police uniform, like Solomon in all
his elory, came to trie door.
"Why, No-To-Bac cures !"
"Cures? Why. I should say so. I have
used it myself. ' It cured me."
"Would you object to making a state-
ment of the' fact for publication?"
"Certainly not, " and the Chief wrote as
follows:
"Asheville, N. C, Sept. 25. IS&l.— Pelham
Pharmacy — I bought one box of No-To-Bac
from you some lime since. After using
No-To-Bac 1 found I had lost the desire
for tobacco. I was cured.
"I have used tobacco— chiefly chewing —
for eight (8) or ten (10) years.
"H. 8. HAWKINS."
Everybody looked astonished and won-
dered what would next turn up.
"Suppose it don't cure?"' someone asked.
"Then you get your money hack," re-
. plied the druggist. "No-To-Bac is made
by The Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago,
Montreal and New York, and as sterling
in character as in name. By them every
druggist in America is authorized to sell
No-To-Bac under an absolute guarantee to
cure or money refunded. They always do
the square thing. Here, read their famous
booklet, 'Don't Tobacco Spit and Bin .ke
Your Life Away."
MONEY TO I All' PROMPTLY WITH
approved ..rul i:.s:aie
and improvements, for repay in a DKFI.Mr£
>•' I.. i KKi. of monthly Installments to suit bor- ;
rower. ApplvtothcCALlFO .NIA GUaRaNTEj*
I.NVKhTMK.N 1 CO.. 320 Montgomery St., B. •*■IT MAY GO TO SISKIYOU
The Junta Wants to Take the
Democratic State Conven
tion Far Away.
TO SHUT OUT BOSS DELEGATES.
. [l [a Claimed, Cannot
rd to Fay Heavy Rail
way F.>res.
Th-- nVht between the Junta and Back
ley's Democratic forve* gives promise at
presen of being carried to the uttermost
i f the State, or at least to that point
st away from San Francisco having
capable of uccuramoda ing the State
Convention, and hotels or
houses with enough beds, food and ••in
cidentals" for tli-- delegates.
"I i may be in Siskiyou, or the Needles,"
was ihe joculai remark of a prornin nt
ader yesterday. "15akers!i> id
i trood piace on account of the
distance from Ban Francisco; but any
I would do provided it be removed far
enough from here to make the. cost of
getting there a serious problem for the
lmcitiey men to face."
The idea of holding the next Democratic
State Convention faraway from San Fran
cisco was first mentioned by Max Popper
at a casual meeting of Jui . • .leaders a day
or two ago. it was instantly taken up
with avidity, and the Junta men forthwith
set about considering plans for carrying it
into execution! seeing what appeared to be
a really promising means of harassing and
lighting their enemies through their
pockets.
It was evident at first glance that ex
penses of lontr railway rides would be a
serious obstacle in the way of numerous
Biickleyite delegates to the State conven
tion, since a great many followers of the
boss were known to have been merely
political adherents out of fat berths in the
City Hall, and consequently in a poor way
to think of a journey to Siskiyou, or the
Needles, or Bakersh"eld. For that reason
the whole scheme in political warfare has
become popular with every man in the
Junta camp, who are already rubbing their
hands gleefully in contemplation of the
effects of their r
Since the moment the idea was broached
it has dove. oped all alonti the line into a
spi purpose, and now the matter is practi
cally seitled that the Central Committee
will b» on to hoi i the convention
afar from i1)l> metropolis. That this call
meet with favorable consideration is
to be beyond question, because the
■. claims to have the chairman of the
State Central Committee on
c, and sufficient influence as well to
attain the desired end.
- y. " resumed the anti-boss man,
"we are considering Fresno or Los^ngeles
as tbe next meeting-place of the Demo
- ate Convention. Buckley's fci
lowing cannot afford to pay railway fares
er of these places, so if they "art- to
eir way must be paid by Buckley
few of his friend:!, which "we regard
at all » likely proceeding the way
affair> look at present. Time was when
Buckley could go down to Fourth and
1 . ■vv :;?>f-:i.i streets and get all the passes he
wanted for his lambs to any town in Cali
-.: but the times have changed since
at the railroad offices. Old 'I3;iuk' is
..number down there, for under the
new management he can't pet a pass for
f. So it would be a case of Buckley
X tickets for nearly all his delegates
•..em stuv at home if the con
vention were held far off."
The Junta is working hard on its enroll
ment at the headquarters in the I-'lood :
ing end claims to have a large ma
jority oi legitimate names, including the
t• -t Democrats in San Francisco. It is
further claimed now ;hat the Junta can
control the State convention in its tem
porary organization. That is. the chair
in an of the Democratic Central Committee
is friendly, and he can appoint friendly
rary officers, who in turn can name
ad ly committee on credentials; and
with such a committee the Buckley dele- j
rmng the rifrht to sit in tiie con- ;
vention can be crowded out into the coid.
In face of .-., : . this tbe Backley party of the
local . itic party declares it will I
- its rights— even in the courts.
BUCKLEY FOUND THE WAY.
How He Ended War With the Hasard of
•■.Jim" O'Brien'a Hat.
I ickley, who is out of politic-,
i himself a Solomon Wednes
day nijiht by the way he settled that fierce
Dundon-Goecken primary row in the
Thirty-second District with Jim O'Brieu's j
hat.
The two factions had defied all efforts of
the primary committee, and James H.
O'Brien in particular, to lix up a com
promise ticket for the primary, that Demo
cratic harmony might prevail and the
Buckley wing of the party be blessed.
On Tuesday night when the factions
met for a third attempt to select even
election officers the war was so fierce that
Arbitrator O'Brien gave up in despair.
On Wednesday night they were to meet i
for another attempt to obey the orders to
agree on something. It was so evident
that there would be no agreement that it
was found necessary to accept the last re
sort and appeal to the Kinpr.
Before 9 o'clock Buckley, his nephew
and chief lieutenant, Billy Harrison, and
James H. O'Brien rolled op to the Third
street meeting-place, opposite South Park !
The Dundon and Goecken factions |
could pet as far an agreeing to take twelve j
delegates each to the new general com- '
mittee, but they stuck on the odd man j
which would give a factional majority. '
Kven Buckley, the master of concilia- I
tion and compromise, could do nothing, !
and in disgust he had himself led down to j
the carriage. But Dundon rushed out and j
with pleading got Buckley to try once I
more and he went back.
Finally he got Dundon and Goecken and
their friends to agree to a gamble. They
were to put an equal number of names ;
into a hat, and Buckley should draw one.
That name should go into the ticket as the
twenty-fifth, and each side should stand
by the result whatever it was. Three
Goecken names and three Dundori names
finally went into O'Briens hat and were
shaken up.
The sightless boss benign a put forth
his hand as Billy Harrison moved the hat
under t!:e white fingers, and out came a
slip.
The name on it was "John Sullivan."
He was a Goecken man, and Goecken was
jubilant.
The war was settled, and unless it
breaks out in a new place before to
mirht there will be one ticket and out- J
ward harmony at the primary.
The peace that was effected in the
Thirty-fifth between Colonel JoiinO'Byrne
and Larry Dolan and their friends lasted
about hix hours, in ! now it seems a lore- :
gone conclusion that there will be a hot '
factional contest and two tickets in that
district to-morrow night. The faction-* are :
*o "i'tr that they propose now to have,
separate ballot-boxes and separate elec
tions: In that case each side is expected ;
to pn;! about 000 votes, and then more
trouble will follow.
hi- i «-«. Kill i a**.
H"Ma*eo! Henry Miller and others for a
writ .jf mandate tv tsSp«l the County Clerk to
me eeruin ,a; er* i,. t; X -: ease of 1). J. ially v.-\
«f:irv Silieret hi., mTdar the fee oiil of 1895;
o a rV"h!!i? M J irJluu;tirv 14 '"• BJSaS«BtSSs:
coinejjpycsteraay.bul .■.)ie:i li w«s called it
was decided to arsue it on Tuesday. The nc
tion is one to determine under which fee bill
the office of the County Cleric should work—
c one ol LB6o.tif 1893, or the last
one. pas* ■! L 895. Delmas .t Shortridge repre-
Mr. Curry and Mastlck <£ Mastick repre
sent the j laintiffs.
TKE OPIUM CAME BACK.
A Cargo of thn Drug Seized by the
Hawaiian Customs Officials
a Second Time.
The brie W. G. Irwin, which arrived
from Honolulu last Thursday, brings the
counts of the seizure of the smuggling
Henrietta from Victoria with 1460 pounds
of opium on board.
The vessel wa< ti-t seen lying at anchor
at Waianae, a small bay op the island of
Oahu, opposite Honolulu, and reported to
; v autnorities. on the night oi Decem
ber23sbewaa boarded t>y the police offi
cers and the crew of mx persons arrested.
Next day she was taken t Honolulu and
her cargo removed to the Custom-house.
The packages of onium were all recog
nized as a cargo seized by the officials nrar
Honolulu aboui six months ago. As it
coul.t not be disposed of by Government
in Honolulu ii was taken back to Victoria
and sold for $1 per p >und. It is now
known to have been purchased by its for
mer owner, who reshipped it to t c islands
by th.- Henrietta. The drag is worth
about s6 per pound in Honolulu; conse
quently the 1460 pounds of t c drug is a
good nignt's work for the officers. How
ever, as it cannot be disposed ot in the
islands by the officials, the difficulty of
tret ting rid of it at a profit confronts the
Hawaiian Government a second time.
Like the persistent "cat," it "came back."
GRAND JURY ORGANIZED.
The Foreman Has Appointed
Eighteen Standing Com
mittees.
Members Will Have One Week to Con
sider the Work to Which They
Have Been Assigned.
The Grand Jury met yesterday after
noon, and Frank Maskey, the foreman,
announced the standing committees. Be
fore the jury convened there was an in
formal session on the subject of imposing
a fine for non-attendance of members.
Messrs. Theodore F. Payne and John Lan
ders, who were assigned to important com
mittees, and of whom the District Attor
ney and others expect much, were not
present yesterday.
The jury will not hold another session
until next Friday. Time will be given for
the committees to survey the field of work
to which they have been assigned.
The last Grand Jury left some important
work unfinished, notably that relating to
the School Department. The chairman of
the Board of Education Committee of the
present Grand Jury is Frank P. McLen
nan, and his assoc.ates Alpheus Bull Jr.
and C. L. Haskell.
This jury has not indicated a desire to
proceed with haste to the consideration of
any matters, but the inclination to go slow
in the beginning does not signify that in
vestigation of public affairs will be neg
lected.
Following is a list of the standing com
mittees:
AsseFsrir, Auditor and Treasurer— John Lan
ders, <•■ H. Dmbsen ami T. I •'. Payne.
B.iard of K<i neat ion arid Public Schools—
Frar.k P. McU'uuau, Alpheus Bull Jr. and C.
L. Haskell.
Coroner, Morgue and Public Pound— John F.
Ciine, Louis Feldmaun anil I*. F. Butler.
Courts, Superior, Justice bt;<l Police— P. McG.
Bi.-rii, John Landers mid 11. 11. Henclce.
County Clerk and Justice Clerk— C. 8. Lau
meister. J. J. O'Farrell and Alj.heus Ball Jr.
Corporations, Water, Gas and Gas lnsin'ctor—
C. O'Connor, C. B. Laumeister and A. 1\ Price.
District Attorney and City ami County At
torney—A. F. Price, E. E. Cheever and G. H.
I'mtisen.
Dives and Social Evils— E. E. Cheever, Jacob
Hartenstein nv.d J. ,i. O'Farrell.
Fire Department, Fire Alarm and Fire Mar
shal—Edward Mai lev, A. 1-. J'rice and P. F
Butler.
■ rambling, Opium Dens aril Lotteries— Jacob
Martenstein. !. F. Payne and H. H. Hen eke.
Ith Department, Almshouse, Hospital
an.i ( ity Physician— l. F. Butler, Louis Feld
mann and E. K. Cheever.
Mayor, City Hall Commission, Board of Su
pervisors and State Officers in the County— s.
J. O'Farrell, C. O'Connor and Frank p. Mc-
Lennan.
Public Library, Home for Inebriates and
Magdalen Asylum — Alphens Biul Jr., C. .l
11, John F. Ciine.
Police Department, Police Patrol and City
Physician— Louis Feldmann, Frank P. McLen
nan and John Landers.
Recorder, Election Commission and Public
Administrator— C. L. Haskei], John F. rime
P. McG. i;ean.
Sheriff and County Jail— T. F. Payne, Ed
ward M alley and Jacob Martenstein.
Superintendent of Streets, County Surveyor,
Parks aud Squares and Golden Gate Park— G.
i H. I'm risen, C. 8, Laumeister and C. O'Connor.
Tax Collector and License Collector— H. H.
I Ilencke, I. McG. .Bean and Edward Malley.
Frank Maskfiy, foreman; Frank I. McLen
. nan, secretary.
PREACHERS ON VENEZUELA.
Comments of Ministers on President.
Cleveland 'g P roe] a mat ion.
It may seem to some like a small affair for |
our Government to interfere in the little mat- 1
: ter of a dispute about a boundary line away on
the eastern shores of South America, but 'the
way to protect the rights of this continent
i against foreign aggressiveness is to begin at the
borders, and ail we have asked is that the mat-
I ter in dispute be submitted to arbitration.
i This demand must be insisted upon at what
< ever cost.— Rev. 11. W. Thomas, Independent,
Chicago. 111.
A war between England and America about
I this Venezuelan matter would be wicked. To
fight for lib?rtv i.« just and righteous, but the
well-nigh universal sentiment of the present I
| day condemns war when entered upon simply
(or so-called glory or for any but the weightiest
j reasons. Such a war as that which Is now
j threatened would be an offense against civil
i ization. War is barbarous and opposed in its
! spirit and Its results to the great interests of
I mankind.— Rev. E. J. Mlllington, Baptist, New
ark, X. J. .
i There is virtue in protecting the weak,
whether man or nations, and by that indirect
i path the place may be reached where we shall
i say "Peace, Peace," and there is pence. At all
| hazards the cause must be eradicated, and God
bless America in all righteous attempts to
I effect this result. The sound of cannon may
i not seem like the forerunner of peace, but it
I may be the very tuning fork for the keynote of
i this heaven-born music— Rev. Cortland Myers,
i Baptist; Brooklyn, N. Y.
War is a cruel, hateful wrong. War is hell.
The political demagogues shouting for war
will lie branded by the second sober thought
i of the American people as the criminals of live
I nineteenth century. When these men had an
opportunity to fight for their own land, when
the Stars and Stripes were trailed in the dust,
they neat substitutes. A war between England
and America could never be terminated until
i one or the other were in bankruptcy or had no
more men to fill the ranks.— Rev. 'Madison C.
, Peters; New York.
Patriotism is love of country, and should not
that love, true to its nature, seek to gain the
best for its land ? And if the bestcan be gained
by peaceful diplomacy, without the death and
dtsulatioii produced by war. is not that the
proper coarse as well as the wisest policy? The
most costly price- any country can pay ior any I
! desired object is war, and it should see to it |
that the object is worthy of the outlay, since
; even victory gained in the interest of an
ignoble cause is clouded for all —Rev.
James S Ramsay. Presbyterian, New York.
I Thin country, thank God, has no need to j
! demonstrate * Its honor. It :• a nation of
heroes. It was founded in a spirit of heroism,
• ami its wnole hisiury has been a manifestation
, if heroism; and its honor has breti established
• ag«iii and again in a hundred fierce and
■ desolating Until. No man that knows the
; mea lvi <>i the word honor, the meaning «if
■ the rd chivalry, the meaning of the word
; heroism Tdoubts that tin-* country is equal to
; the ask of enforcing righteousness at the can
non' 1 - mouth, if ■'.<•■ .iii. .ill n let our message
: be >>■ v word of i •]. iota word of anger, not
, a wo .1 oi !;<»t':. no: a word whose far off and |
uwfu! <N>riH i !i'c.'iiee!> shell b- desolation to tens
,-f ihouvujas "f liomea and woe t > tens of
tnous&ntjxot tnaris but rather Chri <'- word,
: the ' wvrils oi . ' i»juc(i to nil tli<; children of
: incTi.— lif»v. Jomrjih | bnrn, Pr< sbyttrlan, In
i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
CAPTAIN LEES "FOILED"
He Fixes His Eagle Eye on
the Man With the Chin
chilla Overcoat.
FAILED TO GET HIS ADDRESS.
Artist John Stanton Is Mistaken for
the Man Who Forged the Ne
vada Bank Check.
"Foiled !"
That's v.hnt Captain Lees thought last
Tuesday night, even if he didn't say it.
It appears that the captain, who is at
the head of San Francisco's detective force,
made the one great mistake that all great
men are expected to make before they die.
He ran across his Waterloo on board a
Valencia-streetcar, which he had boarded
in front of the Palace Hotel. He iiad swung
himself on the nind step with that profes
sional swing known only to lirst-class detec
tives and stood for a moment in the door
way seeking for the dim contour of some
great criminal who might be concealed in
the car. His classic brow congested itself
one Meeting moment and then t lie calm,
serene expression of indifference spread
itself gradually up from the point of the
captain's whiskers to the apex of his
frontai development. Turn down the
lights.
He had spotted a crook.
In one corner of the car sat a gentle
man warmly wrapped in the :olds of his
chinchilla coat. His face 'bore that resign d
expression which Captain Lees says is a
sure sign, and his eyes looked out through
the opposite windew into the shop win
dows across the street, yet no glad smile
camped on his face. 8 owly the «reat de
tective formed a plan of campaign, and,
when it became full grown and able to
vote, he fixed his eagle eye on the man in
the coat and approached him with a tirm
and steady tread.
"If you please, sir," he began, "I would
like your name and address."
"if you please, sir," responded the man
in the coat, "I dun't care to give them."
"Do you know who L am?"
"No.""
"I am Captain Lees, the detective."
'•Indeed? I never heard of you." And
the man in the coat settled back com
fortably and lixed his eyes again on the
passiiic shop windows, while tbe captain
bit is toothpick in three pieces and
dropped off at City Hall avenue, where he
met an assistant, and to him expressed the
belief that the Nevada Hank forcer was on
board, and the said as istant Hawkshaw
of the embryo variety was detailed to "go
forth and rind."
The new bloodhound on the trail of
crime wafted himself into the car and sat
next to the man with the coat, who con
tinued to look out at the shopwindowa for
some sign-board snowing where Captain
Lees, the great detective, did business.
Finally the gentleman in the coat got
off and, passing up the garden of the resi
dence of John Stanton, left the paralyzed
detective standing outside wondering iiow
his chief jrot John Stanton, the artist,
mixed up with the man who lifted $20,000
from the Nevada ilank and why he in
sisted in thinking a chinchilla coat was
the trademark of a check-raiser.
Captain Leos in the meantime is doing
the best he can to tind where the check
raiser is, but it is s>aid that he is not yet on ;
his own trati and that all he has caught
so far in ihis case is a hard "josli 1 ' from \
his immediate friends.
REPUBLICANS ORGANIZING
The Executive Council Takes in
Many Enthusiastic New
Members.
Preparations Started to Secure Per
manent Quarters for the Or
ganization.
There was a large and enthusiastic meet
ing of the Republican Executive Council
last night in Department 11 of the Superior
Court. At rollcall 152 members answered
to their names. Nine new members later
took the obligations of the organization
and were added to the list of members.
Judge M. Oooney presided. 0. A. TolJe
was made secretary. The committee of
live sent to confer with the County Cen
tral Committee reported that it had been
received with the greatest consideration
and that the central committee under
stood the scope of the work of the Council
and approved its methods.
P. Hammond was informed that it would
not be wise to form another club in the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District, since
there was one alieady there, and the coun
cil did not approve of more than one dis
trict organization. It was decided to
notify the vice-presidents of all district
clubs* to canvass their districts thoroughly
to insure that each club should have as
large a membsrship as possible.
The club then accepted the following
delegates:
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— James Cnr
lett, M. W. Littlefield, Joseph Shearer; Thirty
fourth District— E. \V. Knslin; Forty-second
District— A. R. Smith, Henry C. Sehertzer, J. C.
Skinner; Eleventh Ward Clnb— 3. M. Williams,
in place of Joseph Tobin; Forty-ttrst District-
Henry A. Bteffens, in place of H. Kmart; Twen
ty-ninth District— T. W. Fleming, 11. Quigg
and E. 11. Lutgens.
General J. G. Giesting the Senatorial
organizer, retired from the presidency of
the Twenfv-sccond Senatorial District
Club. Colonel George Stone toot his
place.
General R. A. Friedrichs, one of the
committee on National Convention, re
ported about his work. He said that he
stopped at Chicago on his way home, and
tound that the central organizations there
were giving their delegates severe repri
mands for having broken faith with San
Francisco and thus giving the convention
to St. Louis.
J. H. Robbins, Joseph Shearer and O. A.
ToJie were appointed a commit cc to look
for suitable quarters for the council. Mrs.
Addie L. P.allou of the Women's Republi
can State Central Club asked the members
to inform their wives of a meeting of her
club, to he held in the parlors of the Bald
win Hotel on Wednesday afternoon.
Chairman Mooney closed the meeting
with a spirited address as to the purposes
of the council, which, he explained, was
not for a campaign, but for all time, and
would, by affiliating with the clubs of out
side counties, soon form a strong, perma
nent organization, that would insure a Re
publican victory in the State whenever
good men were put on the ticket.
LOS MEGANOS RANCHO.
Report of Chancellor Heacock in Favor
of tho Sanford JCstate and Against
the Savings Society,
The report of Master in Chancery Ilea
cck in tiie United States Circuit Court
suit of Administratrix Josephine ]„. San
ford iisrainst the Savings and Loan Society
was Hied yesterday. It is in favor of the
plaintiff entirely.
In this controversy the title to the Los
Meganos Rancho oi 13,000 acres of land in
Contra Costa County, known also a.s liie
Marsh Ranch, was involved. James T.
Sanford began a suit originally against the
Savings and Loan Society to redeem the
property From the mortgages of the so
ciety in May. R592. The property had
been mortgaged for $150,000, and subse
quently $70,000 was advanced by the so
ciety to clear the titles here and there to
the property. An interlocutory decree in
favor of the Sanford side was entered in
November, l->!>;s, and all Mastex lieacock
had to do was to make an accounting.
He linds that the net amount due tothe
Savings and Loan Society is about $225,000.
The gross amount was about $246,000. The
proprietorship of the "River Property
was not considered at all, as it did not en
ter into the case. Judge Heacock remoin
mends that the property be turned over to
Mrs. Sanford on the payment of the mort
gage principal and interest, which he fixes
at 10 per cent instead of 12 per cent.
LIBRAKIANS MEET.
They Gather at tlio Mercantile Library,
Bead Paper* and Elect
O flic erg.
There was an unexpectedly large at
tendence last»night at the annual meeting
of the Library Association of Central Cali
fornia held at the Mercantile Library.
There were not only those immediately
connected with ihe administration of
libraries present, but there were also a
large number who came because they were
interested in the progress of libraries.
The programme, of the evening included
two papers. Professor A. B. Snow of Stan
ford told of "The Relation of Libraries to
Higher Education." His paper was a
thoughtful one, and was listened to with
deepest interest. Professor W. A. Merrill,
the librarian at the University of Cali
fornia, related some of tiie odd and amus
ing incidents that had occurred to his
knowledge during the long period of his
work at Berkeley. His paper, which
labored under the title of "Some liib
liothecarial Kxperiences," was highly ap
preciated.
There was a brief intermission. The
election of officers for the ensuing year
was then taken ui>.
WHOLLY WITHOUT SOUL
Attorney • General Fitzgerald's
Opinion of the Southern
Pacific.
He Insists That the Directors of the
Railroad Speak for the Cor
poration.
The suit of the railroad company to en
join the Railroad Commissioners from re
ducing wheat ami other rates is still pro
gressing before Judge McKenna of the
United States Circuit Court. Thursday
afternoon Attorney Herrin, for the South
ern Pacific, terminated his argument in
behalf of his end of the controversy on the
side of the inadmissafaility of the Congres
sional committtee's report opon the Pacific
and aided roads.
Mr. Herrin's argument was taken up
yesterday morning by H. S. Foote, the
United States District Attorney, who lines
himself and the Government to the same
notch made by Attorney Herrin and the
railroads he represents.
In otlier words, Mr. Foote, instead of
making the present suit a triangular con
troversy, wbicb everybody expected it to
be when the Government filed its inter
vention papers some t»n days ago, has
quietly gone into the affair with the rail
road as against the Railroad Commission,
providing be may doze away the tedious
hours of the hearing and that Mr. Herrin
will look out for their joint interests.
Making a resume of the situation as it is
now, the Railroad Commission stands as a
defendant against both the Unicfn States
and the Southern Pacific Company.
The GoTernment claims that the com
plainant or its scion — the Centra! I'acitic —
is its debtor, and any action to reduce the
f reign t rates of the Litter might jeopardize
any < hance of a full liquidation of the
obligation. Hence, through Attorney
Foote, the Government is standing in with
the railroad to prevent any such reduc
tion.
The particular point which has boon at
Issue Tor the past few days is clearly cut
by either sule m tha contending factions.
Herri ri declares that when the Congres
sional committee investigated the work
ings of the railroad, and Senator Stanford
and the other directors of the corporation
testified that the road's building expense
was more than it should have been by
many hundreds ot thousands of dollars,
this testimony was only the individual
expression of opinion of these gentlemen
and not the voice of the corporation.
Hence such testimony contained in the
Congressional committee's report was not
entitled to judicial notice.
Attorney-General Fitzeerald, on the
other hand, ably backed by ex-Judge
Hayne, takes a stand that the Govern
ment being dissatisfied with the action of
the railroad, sent a committee to this
State to investigate its methods.
The railroad, he contends, when given
its franchise upon certain conditions, such
as transporting troops and mail, imper
fectly carried out its contract. Likewise
that the railroad company performed such
acts which were calculated to jeopardize
tiie interests in the Government's claim,
and in the endeavor to gather evidence
on these subjects, the Government caused
a committee to visit this £tate, not to in
vestigate Messrs. Stanford, Crocker, Btubbs
and others|&s individuals, but as the repre
sentatives of Ihe railroad corporation.
"How ei^e could a coi poration be inter
rogated?" asked Attorney Fitzgerald. "It
has no soul or physical existence. It is
only through its directors that it can be
made subject to proper and legal interro
gation."
The case was continued until next Tues
day.
WILL NOT BE EXTENDED.
Supervisors Decide to Report Against
the Petition of Sixteenth-Street
Property-Owners.
The petition of certain property-owners
to have Sixteenth street extended did not
strike the Street Committee of the Hoard
of Supervisors favorably at the meeting
yesterday, and an adverse report was de
cided upon.
Mayor Sutro was on hand to take part in
the debate against the proposed extension.
He called attention to the fact that the
same project was brought up severul years
ago, and had been adopted by tne board.
In consequence the City had trone to a
great expense. Later the Legislature had
passed an act winch nulliiied the old
street-extension law and disposed of this
matter.
Judge Slack's recent decision declaring
the repealing act uncoi.stitutional had
the real estate speculators, who Were
the ones principally interested in Die mat
ter, an opportunity to push their project,
and they were taking this means of do
!!!'_- SO.
If the board decided to do the work it
would lay the City liable to pay the $71,000,
which the unpaid expenses of the Six
teenth-street Commission amounted to,
as v. ell as $:iOO,(KX) or more to complete tne
Work.
He advocated that an appeal from Judge
Slack's decision be taken to the Sapreoae
Court. It was shown, however, that if the
committee took no aci ion beyond report
ing unfavorably upon the petition the bur
den of the expense of forcing them and
thus bringing up the whole matter wouid
d volve upon the interested panics, and it
\\.is decided to let the matter rest where it
is for the present.
FIGHTING FOR LOW RATES.
The Traffic Association's Stand
Against Competition From
Portland.
INFORMATION FOR MERCHANTS.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company Inimical to Local
Interests.
The Traffic Association held a meeting
yesterday at its office, 314 Pine street, and
took a determined stand for the merchants
of San Francisco in all dealings with
Oregon ana the Northwest as against the
opposition recently presented from Port
land, Or.
The question of opposition lines along
the northern coast was discussed by the
association's executive committee at con
siderable length and with much interest
by every member present, and at the close
a resolution was adopted to support the
competing steamers which were operating
in the interest of California shippers.
"It was the unanimous sentiment of the
association that the opposition lines on
the coast now operating to north coast
ports be supported," Traffic Manager
Curtis stated at the close of the meeting.
"We have found that Ban Francisco
merchants have been able to do a great
deal of business in the Puget Sound and
other northern port* through the medium
of cheap rates offered by these lines, and
a motion to support them as much as pos
sible so i hat we might* be abie to maintain
our prestige up there was passed.
"The point was noted that the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company has
started the steamer South Coast to carry
freight from Portland, Or., to ports along
the coast between that city and San Fran
cisco at $1 a ton. Tnis draws business
down the coast from Portland, and it is
not viewed at all in a friendly light by the
merchants of i^an Francisco. The ques
tion was informally discussed at the meet
ing, and us the result of this consideration
1 shall notify our merchants of the low
rates that can be secured by patronizing
the steamers Empire and Alice Llanchard
from !Sau Francisco to Portland and other
north coast ports, and also the reduction
of rates consequent ui-on the combination
of these steamers' rates with local railway
rates out of Portland to points in that
vicinity. The rate un the two vessels to
Portland is $1 a ton, which with the local
reduced railway rates in Oregon makes a
lower through rate to many important
interior points up there than the through
rate by water and rail of the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Company to the same
places.
"The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company is viewed as not friendly to the
merchants of San Francisco: it isa Port
land concern, working altogether in the
interests ot that town."
"Then the Traffic Association is virtually
in a fitrht with the Oregon corporation?"
"That's what it means," replied Mr.
Curtis. "We are fighting them on this
question just as we would do battle with
any other railway or transportation com
pany that did not treat San Francisco
fairly. And we are working in the in
terests of the steamers Empire and Alice
Blanchard just as we have worked for the
Yaquina Hay route, which offered good
inducements to San Francisco merchants
to ship their goods to Southern Oregon,
and through the medium of low rates ena
bled our merchants to transact a profitable
business in t. at territory.
'•The question of the Panama route and
its advance in freight rates was brought
up, but action was" deferred pending the
receipt of infor: ation from thu Pacific
Mail Company. We want t.o Know what
the Mail Company will do with rates be
fore we go into the matter thoroughly.
But we propose to find a way ont of the
difficulty when the time conies for action.
So far we can see ihat practically the only
solution of the problem is the clipper ship
route, which can very well handle tnelow
class commodities that form the bulk of
the Pacific Mail steamers' freight between
this port and New York."
MILLING IN MINIATUEE.
A Model of a Ten-Stamp Quartz-Mill
With All the Appurtenances.
A enrio has been presented to the State
Mining Bureau which will possess great
interest for all who are curious about gold
mines. It is a miniature of the ten-stamp
quartz-mill at the Rising Sun mine in
Placer County. Though the scale is only
an inch to the font, every detail has been
introduced, so that the mill will possess
considerable educational value.
The hoisting works, engine ■ rooms,
stamp-mili, concentrators, carpenter-shop
and blacksmith-shop are ail in t leir proper
places. Cars, men and the various tools
und appliances arc put in so that the ob
server can follow every step in the extract
ing of tlip gold from the quartz.
The model is a little over 12 feet in
length, the original beinir 145 feet lone,
it was made by N. J, Young, the builder
of the mill. It became the property of J.
Z. Davis, who has presented it to the Min
ing Bureau.
NE"W TO-DAY.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The, many, who live bet-
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principle.? embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas-
ant to the taste, the reireshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax-
ative; effectually cleansing the system
dispelling colds, headaches and fevera
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession because it acts on the Kid-
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak-
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug-
gists in 50c and SI bottles, but it is man-
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will now
accept any substitute if offeree
NEW TO-BAY— DRY GOODS.
CLEARANCE BARGAINS
-JE*CZ^L
TODAY'S TRADE!
OUR GREAT MIDWINTER CLEARANCE SALE continues
to-day with the following and many other equally choice and de-
sirable lines offered FOR IMMEDIATE CLEARANCE at
CUTS IN PRICES THAT WILL FORGE A RAPID SALE!
LACE DEPARTMENT I
At SO Cents Ea.oli.
BLACK NET RUFFLES, edged with white luce and ribbon ends, reduced from $1 25.
At 1 . OO Ea.on.
YOKE COLLARETTES of lace and ribbon, in all shades, reduced from $1 75.
At Ela,ola.
LACE COLLARETTES, Vandyke points, trimmed with Net-Top Venise Lace, reduced
from $3.
At 43.50 Baoh,
BLACK HANDRUN SPANISH SCARFS, 'l\i yards long, reduced from $7 50.
.A . *1 .OO Eaoh.
BLACK CHANTILLY DRAPERY NET, 45 inches wide, all silk, reduced from $3.
At SO Centq a, "yard..
DOUBLE-WIDTH CHENILLE DOTTED TUXEDO VEILING, in all colors; special
values.
LADIES' KID GLOVES I
At S~ Cents.
1500 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIBE UNDRESSED KID GLOVES,
in dark, medium and tan shades, also black, former price $1 25, marked down to
65c a pair.
At V 5 Cents.
1500 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, in colors and black, former price $1 60, marked down
to 75c a pair.
At SO Cents.
1000 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES <lar&e buttons to match gloves), all shades and
sizes, former price $1 50, marked down to 'JOe a pair.
At SO Cents.
1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH MOUSQUETAIRE GENUINE FRENCH KID
GLOVES, in colors and black, former price $1 50, marked down to 90c a pair.
At SSI. SO.
500 pairs NOVELTY UNDRESSED KID GLOVES, 16-button length, embroidered in
tinsel at wrist and tops, colors tan, fawn, mode and pearl, formerly sold at |5,
marked down to $1 50 a pair.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEARI
At 1 5 Cents a. Pair.
97 dozen CHILDREN'S HEAVY RIBBED BLACK CASHMERE WOOL HOSE,
double heels and toes, fast black, worth $-1 a dozen, will be closed out at 15c a pair,
all sizes. >
At SS Cents a. -Pair.
159 dozen CHILDREN'S REAL FRENCH BLACK RIBBED MACO COTTON HOSE,
double heels and toes, guaranteed fast black, sizes s>£ to 8%, worth $6 per dozen,
will be closed out at 25c a pair, all sizes.
At 15 Centd a, Fair.
154 dozen LADIES' RIBBED TOP BLACK COTTON HOSE, spliced heels and toes,
Hermsdorf black, also black boot and colored top combinations, worth $3 per dozen,
will be closed out at 15c a pair.
At 35 Cents a. Fair.
123 dozen LADIES' 1-1 RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels and toes,
warranted fast black, worth $6 per dozen, will be : closed out at 25c a pair.
At SO Cents Each.
69 dozen LADIES' HYGIENIC VESTS AND DRAWERS, non-irritating, always soft
and more durable than the ordinary knit, natural color only, worth $1, will be
closed out at 50c each.
At 5O Cents a Sviit.
57 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED COMBINATION SUITS, merino finish, high
neck, long sleeves, white and natural color, worth 90c, will be closed out at 50c each.
At 5O Cents a Fair.
17 dozen BOYS' CAMELS-HAIR DRAWERS AND PANTLETS, all wool, broken
sizes, worth $1 25, will be closed out at 50c a pair.
L CORSETS ! CORSETS !
At &1.00.
65 dozen LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, firmly and closely boned, perfect fit guaran-
anteed, patent loop eyelets, black and drab, regular price $1 50, will be closed out
at $1 each.
RIBBONSI RIBBONS!
At 1 S Cents.
200 pieces BLACK ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-GRALN RIBBON, No. 16 214
inches wide, will be closed out at 15c a yard.
JAPANESE TIDIES, TABLE SCAEFS, ETC.
At 75 Cents.
100 JAPANESE SILK TIDIES, hand-embroidered fringe ends, value $125, will be
closed out at 75c each.
At 35 Cents.
FANCY TABLE SCARFS, with fringe, value 60c, will be closed out at 35c each.
At SO Cents.
FANCY MANTEL SCARFS, 2% inches wide, trimmed with fringe, value $1, will be
closed out at 60c each.
At S5 Cents.
75 HEAD-RESTS in figured silk, value 50c, will be closed out at 25c each.
FRAMES, HOLIDAY GOODS, ETC.
At 1O Cents.
FRAMES in plush and imitation leather, value 23c, will be closed out at 10c each.
-A.T -ELAJUjTE* JE»JE\JLGJSS. '
THE BALANCE OF OUR HOLIDAY STOCK OF PLAQUES. CALENDARS,
JEWEL BOXES, etc., will be placed on our center tables and closed out at half
price. ;, % :■ ■*
MEN'S FURNISHINGS !
At 1 5 Cents.
92 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' SILK SCARFS, in Tecks and Four-in-hands, satin lined
regularly sold at 25c and 35c, will be closed out at 15c each.
At 1 5 Cants.
122 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE CASHMERE WOOL SOCKS, iv sanitary gray,
vicuna and fancy mixed colors, extra good value for 25c, will be closed out at 15c a
. pair.
At 5O Cents.
76 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS (odd sizes), regular price $1, will be closed out at 50c each.
At. 5O Cents.
65 dozen MEN'S UNDYED WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted
not to shrink, extra vaiue for 85c, will be closed out at Sue each.
s
At T B Cents.
55 dozen MEN'S CAMELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS extra well
finished, worth $1 25, will be closed out at 75c each.
At Sfel-00.
43 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN LAMBS-WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW
ERS, warranted thoroughly shrunk, regular price $1 50, will be closed out at $1 each
fM/jSp*^^ MURPHY BUILDING* /
Iwl w Market Street corner oJ Jones, /
f# [W liiQlKOt OilOui, uuliiul Ul olliluu, /
S^3ST FB.AKTCISCO.
910
THE WORLD OF SPORT.
What the State Athletes Are Doing
and Anticipating.
The Sacramento Coursine Club will hold
its annual meeting to-morrow on the
plains near that city. Many members of
the Interstate Coursing Club of this City
will leave to-day so as to be present nt the
meeting.
The wheelmen will have a few runs to
morrow, but nothing of any particular
importance is on the sla.tr-.
Sportsmen are making the best of the
few weeks that remain of an open season,
which will terminate on February r>.
In boating circles very lively times are
ngr. The oarsmen of the various
3 are in training for the regatta, after
which will follow several special match
■
Handball, rifle-shooting anil athletic
bi orts in general are sliowing strong signs
of improvement and next summer will see
very lively times in all brandies <>f sport.
THE WHEELMEN.
Five-Mile Race of the San Jose Road
Ciub To-morrow.
The indications are for pleasant weather
to-morrow, and if so the wheelmen will en
joy another day's excellent riding in mid
winter, for the park roads are in splendid
condition ami even in the country they are
ridable almost everywhere. Cyclists should
u-.ke advantage of theseconditionsaud ride
to-morrow, for the air is bracing and an ex
tra sweater thrown over the shoulders is all
that is needed for protection against a
chill. Put plenty of lubricant on the
chain of your wheel nowaday.-, that it may
run easier, and don't think that the oil
yon put in those bearings last fall will do
now. The chances are it has turned into
gum, and the introduction of a little ben
zine into the bearings before oiling will be
There is but one road race for to-morrow
— a five-mile event of the San Jose Club.
McFarlan i will be on the scratch mark,
and as the East San Jose course is said to
be in good condition, i.c should make fast
time.
There will be several club runs to the
park to-morrow, the Pacifies, Libertys,
liay Citys. Olympics, Imperials, Califor
nias and >;m Francisco Road Club all
heading that way.
The regular monthly meeting of the
league of officials will be held this even
ing at the rooms of the Bay City Wheel
men.
It is said that R. 1., l.iin;. The well
known cias* B racer of ihis City, will ride
on the Nationa the coming
season. Allan Jones will .
tin path again, the racing spirit in him
being too strong to be downed. T. A. Grif
fiths ;> another flier m ho lias been kcej ng
in the background for an entire season, but
will appear in class B in events at all the
1896 nit'--ts <>n the coast.
There is another transcontinental cyclist
si at band. John H. Watts leii Fall
River, Mass., several months ago, caleu
to reach ix re Xuveml er3o. He was
at Fr< - ■ L'hursday, and left that
evening f>ir tin's City.
Two big cycle shows are held in the East
during January of each j ear and they rep
resent the interests oi most of the bicycle 1
iirms oi America. Beginning January 4 :
id ng to-day the Chicago shov. has
commanded the attention of the p
Uu January 1> the >e\v York show will I
begin and iast for one week. Taking into
1 lie i ompetition in tins
country to-day among firms makine bi
cycles the attempts of one to outrival the
other in attractive features are a show in
themselves. Many new and handsome
patterns, the advance models tor tl
outputs, have been exhibited at the ( bi
eago show for the Hrst time, a visit lo
th«- cycle show is always entertaining as
well as instructive. Kach manufacturer
has a corps ol efficient employes to com
ment on the features of wheels and
hibits, and the opportunity for inspection
results ;n giving wheelmenan idea of t he
mechanism of the bicycle, the varieties
and kind-, the endless number of which
makes it seem marvelous lhat a rider ever
could make up his mind winch would best
suit him.
The board of ofiicers. of the North Cali
fornia Division, League of American
Wheelmen, will iioid its monthly met I
evening at the rooms of the Bay City
Wheelmen. The visiting committee of
the league called on the Olympic Cyclers
last evening and convinced that live body
of wheelmen that it was greatly to the ad
vantage of cyclists to join the league.
'J lie • out applications by
the handful, and it is likely they will all
be enrolled within a week. The visiting
committee is meeting with splendid suc
cess, having already secured a large num
: members from the San Francisco
Koad Club and Olympic Cyclers, tbe only
two cl tiled upon thus far. Jt will go
tt. the i Cycling Club on .January
L'". the Alameda Cyclers and Diamond
Cycling ' h bol Alaim-da <in January 27,
the Olympic Club Wheelmen on* the
28th and the Liberty Cycling Club
on February 4. Cluos desiring the
rei-mitm.: committee to call upon
them and explain the advantages and
desirability of rider- joining the Leag
American Wheelmen should set a date at
once and address 1!. W. Spaldinjr, cUair
n-.zr. membership committee, 1 17 Crocker
building. City. The visiting committee
consists of Hon. Frank H. Kerrigan, chief
consul; Henry F. Wynne, vice-consul and
chairman of road improvement committee;
Stanley G. .-'cover:!, secretary- treasurer;
Hon. Fran'.: H. Durine, attorney for tiie
division; 11. M.Welch, representative in
California of the National racing board,
and H. W. Spalding, George H. titratton
and j. F. Burke, the membership commit
tee. All are interesting speakers, and in
short, spicy talks they cover tne ground
thoroughly, and, as Judge Kerrigan says:
"With such good material, such a splendid
and deserving cause to work: for, it is little
wonder we are cordially received and
listened to and have met "with such phe
nomenal success in securing members."
League members who have not received
their road-books can obtain the same by
addressing the secretary, Stanley G. Sco
vern, 1590 Fulton street," City. He baa a
large supply on hand, but they are only
Obtainable by joining the league.
Ed N. Radke, a well-known wheelman
of Santa Cruz, passed through tne City
the other day en route to the Truckee ice
carnival.
The Oiympic Club Wheelmen will hold
their annual election of officers next Tues
day evening. There has been no opposi
tion to the nominations already made, as
published in Tmk Call, and the club is
assured an excellent set of officers for the
coming year.
Items about Zimmerman, the world's
champion cyclist, are always interesting.
.Mr. Zimmerman, personally, is one of the
most charming fellows one might meet.
Hi' is tall, loosely thrown together, and
s ouches in his walk. An inter"*tin;» con
versationalist, he never fuils to win
friends, who become the more loyal allies
tho hetter they learn to know Zinimy.
One peculiarity of his is lie never wears a
li.it or cap, either on the track or ro_id.
Jli" favorite dissipation is to chew the
end of an unhghted cipar, and lie often
races with one in his mouth. He is mod
est, unassuming and altogether a perfect
gentleman.
Cycii:i<; papers do not seem to thrive on
this coast. The Pacific Cyclist existed
here last >ear, but foolishly into a dis
pute with The Call's cycling correspond
ent and shortly afterward suspended
publication. Then a paper called Cycling
was started in San Jose, but it never
amounted to much, and the nevvs that it is
now extinct was so much expected it was
no surprise, ft was edited by Joseph 15.
Carey, who is captain of the Garden City
Cyclers. There was to be a new paper
started in Stockton called The Bloomer,
but 1 have not as yet seen it. John P.
Burns and- Howard Smith of the Olympic
Club are trying to float a new paper here
called the Western Wheelman, but the i
dealers have given them little en con rage- j
mi'iit and they certainly could get no sub- ,
scribers. Cycling journalism is a peculiar |
thing and is not nearly as easy as so many j
suppose. To keep posted on every event |
that takes place on the Pacific Coast, and j
many affairs throughout the world, to at- |
tend every race meet, road race, social or !
other cycling function, requires a vast |
amount of time. The scribes for the daily
papers, who attend strictly to the news
getting part of the business, have barely
time to gel it nil and their items must be
ud to date. But the class papers must
have advertisements as well as news, and
the dealers are hard to approach when you |
want to fret ads from them. Still the j
Eastern cycling press flourishes, and The !
Bearings, Referee, Wheel, American
Wheelman. Cycling West, L. A. Y\\ [Julie
tin, American Cyclist and others are said
to be large-paying properties, so there
seems no reason why a good paper or two !
would not do we!! here. Cycling West of
Denver and The Olympic are now on the
ground here, and the Pacific Field in the !
South. They are all doing well. It has I
been said that The Bearings of Chicago
paid a net profit of $50,000 per year to its
owners. This is not surprising after look- j
iii£ at the last issue, in which there were j
L M »7 pages of ads at an average of $30 per
page. It is a weekly now, but will shortly !
appear as a magazine.
K. C. Steams, a member of the racecom- i
mit ice of the Cycle Bo;',rd of Trade, has
offered a suggestion regarding the con
TUF ROCHE BROTHERS, A FAST TANDEM TEAM OF TIIE IMPERIAL CYCLING
CLUB.
[From a photograph.]
ducting of National championships to de
cide each year the crack racing man of
America. It has been customary with the
league to specify several races, which are
contested in different parts of the country
and at different timesduring the season.
These championships generally consist of
a '|uarter, half, one, two and live mile race.
;iii'i are usually divided between several
performers- In 1895 Bald got the quarter,
half and one, Nat Butler the two and
Charley Murphy the live. Class A men
• an compete against the l'.'s in champion
ship events, but are seldom speedy enough
to win them. It is a hard matter to tell
the champion, and it will he more so next
year if the three-ciass rule is adopted. The
American public should look with favor
upon a championship event in which
amateurs, class B riders and professionals
partii ipate.
The San Francisco Road flub will have
two runs to-morrow, if the weather is
agreeable. One will start at 7 a. M. under
Lieutenant Schmolk for San Jose. The
second will leave the clubrooni 1 - at 1 p, it.
for the park and beach. The club's road
riders are already preparing themselves
for the twenty- five-mile road race in Feb
ruary. N. Ackerman, formerly of Petalu
ma, (ieorge Hamlin, formerly of Sacra
mento, and many other sturdy scorchers
are already in active training for the event.
J lie club will enter a strong team in the
relay race in April.
At Springfield iast fall Sanger was the
professional hero, while Bald won the
laurels in class B. There was some doubt
in the minds of spectators as to which was
the faster of t fie two. Sanger won by a
greater margin, to be sure, but Bald had a
more capable lield of competitors, gan
ger's speed on this occasion was sublime,
and he tore home to the wire in such ad
mirable style lhat the crowd went wild
with excitement Thus it may be seen
that the professional class may turn out
just an speedy riders as may be found in
class B. Witness such men as Arthur
Zimmerman, John S. Johnson, Walter
Sanger, Harry Tyler, Peter Berlo, George
Hanker, Wilbur Knapp and others.
Tuere have always been first-class ama
teurs, and to assist in deciding who is en
titled tothe championship the L. A, W.
racing board should agree upon an event
in which the best riders from the three
classes may compete. The prizrs should
be medals or cash, according to whether
an amateur or professional proves the win
ner. Mr. Steams believes that the mile
event is the proper distance at which the
speed qualities of the riders may be demon
strated, and favors three of such races in
various parts of the country during the
spring, summer and fall seasons. (And I
might add, parenthetically, why not one
in California in winter?) "Then the much
discussed question as tothe real champion
of America each year would be decided
conclusively.
The directors of the Bay City Wheelmen
will hold a meeting Monday evening to
settle upon a date for a hop at the Palace
Hotel maple-room shortly, for members
exclusively; also to provide accommoda
tions for their football players, who are
numerous and enthusiastic and demand
recognition. They will probably be given
the whole of the basement of "the club
house. The einb members are much
amused at the inaccuracy of certain pre
dictions made by a local cycling scribe as
to the Hay City relay team for 1890. They
call attention" to the fact that the club
numbers among its members such flyers as
Tom W. Cooper, Karl H. Kiser, Charles
M. Mnrphy, W. M. Randall, Charles 8
Wells, W. A. Terrill, K. L. Long, T. &
Hall, T. A. Griffiths, Horace Slater, W. YV.
Hatton, Fritz Lacey, H. ]•;. McC'rea and
Kmil Dlbricht, who are among the fastest
class B riders in the United States. Then
in class A they have H. B. Freeman, F. L.
Day, A. J. Me'nne, Emil Languetin, S. B.
Vincent, Harry F. Terrill, Archie Reid A.
L. Holling, H. V. Ready. H. A. Goddard,
Austin Kari7.ee and King Rhys. With
more than the requisite ten men in either
class to choose from, the delicate humor of
the scribe who attem jits to select their team
for them is directly apparent. It is more
than the board of directors can do, for
with such <•> galaxy of talent to work from,
they feel it is impossible to say that any
one is faster than another. But President
Kerrigan says the Bay City's are going to
win the relay race of 1896, and he is in a
position to make a good estimate of the
probabilities.
Peter J. Berlo, at New Orleans recently,
on the new quarter-mile cement track,
which Harry Terrill wrote his lriends here
was so fast, broke the following (lying start
professional records, paced by a quintuplet
or five-seated machine: Three miles,
50:404-5; four miles, 7:. r >o; live miles
9:512-5. He rode a half mile in :50 flat.
The pleusure and bcnelits to be derived
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
from cycling depend almost as much upon
the manner of breathing as upon muscular
strength. The easier a person breathes
the easier he may ride; but by easy breath
ing should be understood lone. regular res
pirations, avoiding any approach toward
short, quick breaths. Those troubled with
nasal disorders are often compelled to
breathe through the mouth, and when
riding at a good rate of speed rapid inhala
tion is almost unavoidable. This manner
of breathing is always injurious, and is
more than apt to lead to heart or lung
trouble. Here rapidity of movement is
not in itself sufficient to bring about this
'•shortness of breath,'' as it is familiarly
known, but must be accompanied by in
tense muscular effort in order to produce
it, and hence may he attributed directly to
general muscular fatigue. When a rider be
gins to feel a weariness of this kind he
should at . once reduce his pace, or dis
mount and rest, making at the same time
a practice of breathing through the nose,
with slow exhalations through the mouth.
Precautions of this character enhance the
pleasure and enjoyment of wheeling, and
add greatly to ihe benefits that are to be
derived from t tie exercise.
The annual election of officers of the
League of American Wheelmen, which
will take place at the general meeting of
the National Assembly in February, prom
ises to he most exciting. The fight for the
presidency is going to be strong, and will
probably be divided by three candidates—
A. C. Williston of Maryland, the incum
bent; Sterling Elliott of Boston, editor of
the L. A. W. Bulletin and Gootl Roads;
and I. S. Potter of New York, chief consul
of the New York division and prominent
in cood roads' work. All three stand
about equal chances of election.
Spalding.
THE ANGLER.
Good Catches Made In Russian
River— Santa Cruz Salmon.
Anglers who fancy the rather slow but
yet exciting pastime of fishing for steel
head trout are at the present time enjoy
ing excellent, sport in some of the rivers
winch empty into the ocean. Russian
River still continues to afford ample
amusement to those who are availing
themselves of the opportunities of hook
ing and playing some of tbe game fishes
which are loating in the deep pools of the
stream and waiting an opportunity to
ascend to the higher waters.
Last month the steelheads were caught
principally oy means of trolling, but
anglers who have recently returned from
the happy fishing-grounds state that a red
fly baited with a shrimp is the most kill
ing lure. Occasionally .salmon roe proves
to be a tempter.
As the indications for a rainstorm nre
favorable it is safe to say that the sport
which has been enjoyed for six weeks or
more on the Russian is near tbe end.
The Paper-mill Creek, which in past
seasons contained many large tish at tins
season of the year, is almost as low in
water now as it was in the months of
July and August last. Doubtless hun
dreds of large .steelheads are at this writ
ing loafing in Tomales Bay, where they
will remain in deep water until the arrival
of Ihe long-expected freshet. .Some small
tish have been caught in the deep pools
near the "White House" and "Sandspit,"
and in all probability some of the large
trout pass in and out with the tides, and
may be taken by anglers if the latter should
be on guard when the fish are on the run.
A letter has been received at this otlice
from R. K. Penny of Duncans Mills stat
ing that the Deputy Fuh Commissioners
who are at present located at Duncans are
giving more attention to angling for steel
heads than to the capture of fishermen
who are seining the river. Penny is par
ticularly anxious to draw Deputies Wilson
and Cox over the coals, but the records of
these deputies prove beyond argument
that they are more dreaded by "the net
fishermen" than any of the deputies now
in the employ of the commission.
In reference to an article which ap
peared recently concerning a raid that was
made by Wilson on some fishermen who
were ?eining near the mouth of the river
Penny says:
I defy this man Wilson to prove that ever a
gun was shot off at him, or that he was ever
obstructed in any way while sneaking around
in the dark at a business which, if justifiable
at all, could be done in the open light of day.
No, sir, he was never shot at; bad he been
he would not be here, enjoying himself at the
taxpayers' expense. Two or three years ago a
full grown hoodlum (not a fisherman) shot
holes into a boat tied to the bank, and Wilson
took credit in the papers as standing bravely
up, like Oliver Hazard Perry, at the battle of
"Lake Erie," while bullets were flying thickly
about him. He knows as well as every citizen
here that at that time he was two miles away.
To be a Fish Commissioner is a sinecure; who
lias a better time? They fish the year in, fish
the year through and tish the year out. This
man J. I. Habcock comes here often; what
does he do? Nothing but fish, yet we poor fish
ermen must not criticize. Babcock is vigilant;
Babcock is an honorable and conscientious
commissioner. Ore^-n Watson, another deputy
is also extremely vigilant. He lives on Austin
Creek and he sees that no one fishes that
stream but Green: and Green is not very par
ticular whether it it is the close season or not
Babcock, in the line of his official duty, would
do well to watcti Green a little, yet Green is an
honorable and conscientious commissioner.
Now, Mr. Editor, this fish business is all mag
nified and exaggerated. You and your readers
only know one si.le and judge us wrongly. The
facts are distorted and put us in a bad light
No one wishes to violate the law. No one,
would they take a sober second thought, but
what would see that it is an unjust law, and I
trust the next Legislature will- so modify it
that all may have the benefit of a food lish that
can only be caught at this season of the year.
Tnere has been this season not over fifteen or
twenty different individuals with hook and
line patrolling this river in this vicinity for the
steelhead. While every stream that empties
into the ocean, from the Bering Sea to the Gulf
of California, is teeming with millions of them
and an inexhaustible supply still back in the
old Pacific, yet they are kept for the benefit of
the sportsmen who are but few, while the
thousands in your City are deprived of an ex
cellent and cheap food fish, which God in his
abundance placed in the sea and decreed that
they were for the benefit of man.
The following anglers visited Duncans
Mills last week and returned with fish:
Myers 1. Wilson 7. Fitzgerald 1, Marcus 2
Butler (>, Cross 4, McFarland 5, "Uoc"
Simpson 1, Charles Green 1, Babcock 3.
Dr. yon Hoffman, Otto Aluser, Nat Tur
ner, John Gallagher and John Butler left
this week for a final whip at the Russian,
ami their friends will be greatly disap
pointed if they return without many
lishes.
The members of the San Francisco Rod
and Gun Club have been notified that their
next banquet will be held at the popular
sportsman's resort, l(i Market street, on
the evening of Tuesday, the 21st inst.
Some of the anglers and sportsmen of the
club who had not provided either fish or
game for banquets of the past arc re
quested To muKc a showing of feathers
and lish on this occasion.
The following telegram was received on
Friday by Henry Skinner of E. T. Allen
Co. from J.;R. Chase of Santa Cruz : "Jack
son and Buck caught 54 salmon to-day;
Burkland 44, P. Gable 28. B. Cook 17. The
salmon were all caueht by deep-sea fishing
and I expect great sport will, result until
the departure of the lishe3.
DUCK AND SNIPE.
Excellent Shooting Is Reported
From Delano, In Kern County.
The reason advanced by the residents of
Suisun, whose principal' outdoor enjoy
ment is duck shooting, for the marked
scarcity of birds in the marshes during the
past three or four weeks, is the cold snap
which froze the ponds and compelled the
game to find other and more favorable
fields for food and shelter.
Thousands of ducks, including canvas
back, blue bill, sprig and teal, can be seen
any day feeding along the east shore of the
bay, but they generally keep well out of
range of gunshot.
Canvasback are very numerous near Old
Sausalito, and hunters who were shooting
last Sunday in the vicinity of the old
Sausalito railroad bridge, bagged quite a
number of those royal birds as they were
flying m from the bay. Ed Ladd was
among the fortunate sportsmen, he bagged
nine canvasbacks and some small oirds.
Justice Carroll, Dr. Hildreth,E. B.Metz
ger, \. 8. Valencia and George Racine re
turned last week from a hunting trip to
Delano, Kern County. The sportsmen
grassed 325 ducks, principally mallard and
sprig, and report having seen countless
numbers of English snipe, which they did
not fancy shooting at as long and larger
and less difficult game to hit was plenti
ful. Judge Carroll is contemplatin" a
near future journey to Delano, which place,
he contends, is a paradise for sportsmen
who are fond of duck shooting. Some
years ago the Judge was passionately fond
of cottun-tail rabbit hunting, and doubt
less he could relate, when in a humor for
story telling, many pleasant hunting ex
periences in the wilds east of Berkeley.
The secretary of the Sportsmen's Pro
tective Association has announced. that a
general meeting of all sportsmen inter
ested in duck-shooting will be held at the
Knights of the Red Branch Hall on Tues
day evening, the 21st inst.
"The object of calling this meeting," said
Director Btitui, "is to bring together as many
people as possible who are in lavor of having
marsn lands open to all persons who have a
predilection for duck-shooting. A legal battle
is now pending between the clubs commonly
known as preserve clubs and the sportsmen
who believe that the game, and especially wild
ducks, should not be claimed by any particular
club as their exclusive property.
"The so-called preserve clubs are composed of
wealthy sportsmen, ami unless the protective
association has the support of the hunters who
are being yearly cut out of their shooting
grounds, every inch of marsh land within a
radius ot 100 miles of this City will be leased
by wealthy sportsmen, and. of course, the men
of limited means will then have to whistle tor
a place upon which to lire a gun without being
exposed to arrest and Imprisonment. Incase
the association should fail to conquer their
opponents because of a lack of support on the
part of many hunters who do not attend oi:r
meetings, I hope those who have neglected to
avail themselves of the present chance to be
come members of this association will not
shout wolf when the sheep have disappeared
Now is the time to act if at all."
The sportsmen of Vallejo, Benicia, Sui
sun and Martinez will hold a meeting in
Benicia next week, when an association,
which will be known as the annex to the
Sportsmen's Protective Association of this
City will be formed. Already 235 names
of sportsmen who are interested in shoot
ing and who are opposed to the inaugura
tion of duck-shooting preserves, are in
possession of a prominent sportsman of
Benicia. Clubs antagonistic to marsh land
preserves will be established in many
counties of the State.
The sportsmen who have been enjoined
from trespassing on the Ibis Club mud flat
preserves in Suisnn marshes have engaged
the services of two of the leading attorneys
of this State to defend them.
Charley Cate smiled blandly when he
read Hoffling'a adventures among the
wild ducks of Alameda County.
"If 'II off' killed as many ducks as the
paper has credited him with," said Cate,
"he must hare a duck ranch where only
the trreat Al himself can shoot as he
pleftses."
The cold weather has driven the English
snipe south, and as a consequence Messrs.
Cooper and Thorn are sad. One good
shower would bring a return of the good
shooting that was enjoyed during the early
months of the season.
It i« hoped that some of the gentlemen
wljii are interested in the preservation of
the English snipe will call a meeting some
time in the early part of February and ap
point a committee to visit the Supervisors
of this City with the object of closing the
season for English snipe on the 16th of
February, on which date the duck and
quail will come under the protection of
ihe State game law.
English snipe, the gdmest of all wild
fowls, was ignored by the sportsmen who
assisted in framing the present game laws.
They might as well have included the
mudhen in the game laws as to omit the
English snipe. The latter being a difficult
turd to kill, owing to its erratic style of
night, the intelligent body of lawmakers
possibly thoiiL'ht that if they did not in
clude it among the other game birds of
less value in every way nothing serious
would result to the long-billed beauty of
the marsh.
KENNEL AND FIELD.
Sportsmen Who Expect a Wetting at
the Bakersfield Meetings
The sportsmen who are interested in
lield trials are looking anxiously forward
to the meeting which will commence near
Bakersfield on the 20th inst.
According to the present weather outlook
it is feared that the Field Trial Club will
happen i:>to a good storm. For some reason,
only known, of course, to the clerk of the
weatner who handles the key of the Hood
pates, it invariably pours just about the
time the trials are beins: held, but it is
hoped that the next trial will bring about
a change of the weather experienced in
past years, and that the sun will smile
gloriously on tlie gathering of sportsmen
who will attend the near-future meeting
of the club.
Owing to a fancy for English setters
which has taken deep hold of a majority
of sportsmen who are interested in field
triais the once popular pointer is sadly in
the minority among the entries of 'this
year, but the owners of the slick-coated
canines are, nevertheless, very conlident
that their charges will be well up in the
front among the successful contestants
when the final rounds or series will be an
nounced.
The Pacific Kennel Club had some im
portant matters to transact at a nieetin ■
which hau been called for last Wednesday
evening, but for some reason unknown to
the officers there were not enough men
present to form a quorum, and, as a con
sequence, the meeting had to be post
poned until next month.
The St. Bernard Club met on Wednes
day evening last, but notiiing of any im
portance was transacted, as the represent
atives present decided to wait until they
would learn what the Pacific Kennel Club
should do regarding instructions which the
secretary of the club recently received
from the secretary of the American Ken
nel Club. The St. Bernard Club will con
vene again on Wednesday eveninp, when
a full attendance is expected. The St.
Bernard Club of this City seems to be well
thought of by the American Kennel Club,
and it would not surprise many men who
have an interest in the breeding and rais
ing of good stock if the St. Bernard Club
bad a very important voice in the man
agement of kennel matters on this coast in
future.
The following report of the committee
on rules was read nt a recent meeting of
the American Kennel Club, and that part
of it of interest to Pacific Coast fanciers was
adopted as read. It is as follow*:
The San Francisco meeting recommended
t.uit rule 5 be rescinded. Under the present
rule no .show can be held Onder American Ken
nel < lub rules at which the prize money is
less than fsoo. This rule has been found" to
discourage the holding of shows in small com
munities or in a sparsely settled territory, and
as it is clearly one of the objects of the club to
fDcourage the holding of dog shows through
out the country, the committee recommends
the adoption. of this amendment, so that by it
all shows given by American Kennel Club
members will be recognized and their awards
made records the only qualification being tsat
a certain cash prize list must be offered to per
mit the show to provide challenge clnsses. By
these amendments the shows ere divided into
three classes :
First— West of 9."j dog. west longitude, or to
be more plain, all States west of and including
North and South Dakota, Nebraska, Knnsas, In
dian Territory and Texas, can hold shows under
our rnles without any qualifications other
than four first wins in the open classes to make
a dog eligible for the challenge class, and
three first challenge class wins to make a
champion.
Second— A prize-list of $500 must be offered
to permit a show hold east of 95 deg. west
longitude to provide challenge classes.
Third— A prize-llstof $100<> must be off ered
at a show held east of 95 deg. west longitude
to qualify a dop to win the title of champion.
Finally your committee recommends an ad
ditional rule toreaa: "Xo dog; whelped after
.January 1, 1890, can be a competitor for any
prize offered at a show held under American
Kennel Club rules that has been cropped." As
this amendment hns been so thoroughly dis
cussed in the press and otherwise no further
comment is considered necessary by this com
mittee. Respectfully submitted".
Jakes Watson,
h. t. Foots,
F. 8. Webstke,
H. F. SCHKLLHASS,
A. P. Veedenbcbg, Committee.
COURSING.
Fast Greyhounds That Will Run In
Sacramento To-Morrow.
Almost every true lover of coursing in
this City, who enjoys seeing the fleetest of
small animals pursued by a brace of thor
oughbred greyhounds over an open plain,
will journey to Sacramento to-day so as to
be on hand to witness a grand meeting
which will be held to-morrow near Sacra
mento under the auspices of the Sacra
mento Coursing Club.
Tne sportsmen of the Capital City are
well aware that their dogs will have to
meet opponents of particular conse
quence on this occasion. The breeders of
this City have not forgotten the terrible
beating their dogs received some years
ago on the same lields as will be visited
to-morrow, and they have prepared ac
cordingly fo- the turning of tables on the
sportsmen of the Capital City.
It is hoped that the Jocal'talent will re
turn crowned with successful laurels. If
good dot's can accomplish the trick San
Francisco should go to the front on this
occasion. The drawing, which will take
piace in Sacramento this evening, will ap
pear in the telegraphic department of The
Cam, to-morrow, and the result of the
meeting will be fully described in Mon
day's paper.
The dogs booked to run in Kerrigan &
Casserly's park to-morrow are:
W. McGovern's Little Jim vs. Sf. 'Welsh's
Can't Win, J. Tracy's JOC vs. George ParKtn-
BOn's Marvelous, Kay Farm kennel's Stamboul
vs. Kay Farm kennel's Mission Boy, T.
Nunan's Yreka vs. M. Traynor's Valley
Maid, C. Evans' Dashaway vs II Hull's
Butcher Boy, T. O'Brien's Little Bob
vs. K. Toner's Menlo Maid, Donald
Ss Roberts' Sea Spray vs. M. Traynor's
Valley Boy, T. Bntler's shsie vs. D. Tweedie's
White Bustle, A. Merrill's Dat! vs. Villa ken
nel's Tempest, A. Merrill's Faster and Faster
vs. W. Dubbs' Smart <iirl. L. Stewart's Lady
Clare vs. J. Smiths Elcho, W. L. Trade's Lucky
Dog vs. A. Merrill's Jennie G,P. Ryan's Mag
pie vs. F. Browne's Kitty Pease, I'otrero ken
nel's Lilly vs. 8. Stewart's Belmont, J.L.Han
nan's Foxhall vs. Villa kennel's Electric, L.
Tierney's Evening Star vs. M. Welsh's Wizard.
HANDBALL.
Young Players Should Be Given
Opportunities to Practice.
The banquet hold la<-t Saturday evening
at the Occidental handball court was the
result of much good in advancing an inter
est in the game on this coast. It is
through such gatherings that a splendid
sport, such as handball is, is made popu
lar.
As an impetus to the game the different
courts should give entertainments at least
once a year, as at these meetings the very
best of fellowship prevails. There 13 no
reason why handball should not be among
the most popular and deserving of indoor
pastimes. Its success depends altogether
on how the managers of the courts con
duct matters in general.'
The young men who have a fascination
for the game should be encouraged and
afforded opportunities occasionally to
practice. Every lad who takes a fancy to
handball cannot afford lie price chareed
the seasoned players, but if the managers
of the courts would permit the younger
heads to practice when the courts are not
encaged, in a few years hence there would
be a plethora of good plovers, and that is
all that is required to make the sport pop
ular, because the admirers of athletic pas
times will flock to see well-contested
games.
As matters stand at present, the games
played on Sundays are generally contested
by men who play every week in the year,
Give the rising generation of athletes a
chance to become familiar with the game
and the future success of handball on this
coast is assured, it must be remembered
that the old horse cannot run forever;
new blood must be forthcoming.
The games which are slated to take
place at Phil Ryan's court to-morrow are:
J. Collins and J. White to play M. Edwards
and K. Murphy; W. O'Donnell and C: Cahill to
play E. Manning and F. Mitchell; J. Kodsers
and I. Ryan to play M. McNeil and G. McDon
ald; J. Nelson and H. Moffctt to play D. Con
nolly and J. Slattery; J. Condon and W. Wil
liams to play G. Ilutchinson and M. Dillon.
SWORD AND FOIL.
Sargeant Davis Answers a Challenge
Issued by a Russian Swordsman.
In last week's sporting department a
challenge appeared from Mr. Solms, the
manager and backer of the Russian swords
man, Professor Malchin, to Sergeant Owen
Davis of tiie Presidio. The Litter sends
the following reply, which seems very
business-like and should bring forth a
favorable response from theßussian|swords
man:
Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.,»
Jan. 8, 1890. (
Sporting Editor Morning Call, San Fra/icisco,
Cat.-— Sir: In the issue of your paper of the 4ih
inst. a challenge has been issue<l to me by Pro
lessor Malchiu through his manager, Mr.
Solms, for a broadsword contest for $1000 n
Bide, the contest to consist of three attacks
moan ted mid three on foot.
In reference to this challenge I beg to state
that in all of my 121 contests I have never
heard of such a challenge as the above. The
number of attacks, mounted and dismounted,
would not in my opinion be a contest at all.
It would be nothing more nor less than a pre
liminary to a contest. Therefore, if -Mr. Sol ins
wants to match his protege against me I am
willing to meet him under the following con
ditions:
The contest to consist of twenty-nine at
tacks, under either the English or French cav
alry rules governing mounted contests, the
one making nic first fifteen points to be de
clared the winner.
lam willing to fence him with the broad
sword or rapier, mounted or ou foot, for $500
a side, he to have his choice oi weapons and
rules to govern; or I will fence him for $500
aside mounted and i?."> 00 a side on foot (two
separate contests), he to' have the preference of
the manner (mounted or on foot) of fencing he
would prefer for the first contest.
If this offer is acceptable to Mr. Solms and
his protege, and he means business, he
can, by addressing a card or telephone mes
sage to me at my given address, meet me at
your office any day and at any time, within
the next thirty days, as I prefer to do all my
business through your paper.
Thanking you for the anticipated favor of
publishing this letter and apologizing to you
ior the intrusion on your valuable time, Ire
main, respectfully yours,
Sergeant Owen* Davis,
Champion Broadsworusman, U. S. A.
Stabbed by a Chinaman.
John O'Brien, in a quarrel with a Chinaman
over drawings from lottery tickets, was stabbed
in the abdomen yesterday morning. O'Brien,
who lives on Commercial street, a short time
ago bought ten lottery tickets from the China
man. In the drawing he won $18 50, but the
Chinaman would pay him only $10 and a
quarrel ensued. The wound is not considered
serious.
Smothered In a Cot.
The death of Agnes Crook, an 11 months
old child of Oliver Crook of JWIJ'j Alabama
avenue, yesterday morning, was reported to
Corouer Hawkins. She was smothered in her
cot.
ELLIS-STREET HARPIES.
Three More of Them Have Been
Taken From the Belfry
to Jail.
CYCLISTS CAERY THE ODDS.
The Chief of Police Says That He
Will Continue to Arrest the
Pool-Sellers.
Three more pool-sellers were arrested I
yesterday. The police are keeping up >
their good work and show a determina
tion to break up tlie nefarious business.
Officers Sylvester and Byrne yesterday i
afternoon made a descent on the old rook- [
cry on Ellis street known as the "Belfry,"
and captured Thomas McQuade, I. L. Bet
zel and M. Levy. On Tnursday policemen
in citizen's dress had bought tickets in
four places on Ellis street, and in each
case the races had been run before the
tickets were sold, and in one case the re
sults had already been announced by wire ;
to the proprietors. So they had good cvi- j
dence to convict, in spite of the Wallace |
decision. "When the officers came to meke j
the arrests yesterday one of the places had !
closed.
Two of the men arrested were clerks |
only, in the ernpJoy of the poolroom pro- i
prietors. On the trial of several of the
cases that have been up the accused pro- I
prietors have claimed that they had given
no orders to sell tickets, except within the j
limits allowed by the Wallace decision, j
ana if their orders had been disobeyed !
they could not be held responsible. It was
for this reason that these clerks, the men
found in the act of selling tickets in open
violation of the law, were arrested.
Chief Crowley has already had most of
the proprietors taken in and they have j
either been convicted in the police courts
or are awaiting jury trials.
Those convicted have appealed to the ;
Superior Court, and they have been expect- j
ing the Chief would ue satisfied for the j
present and that they might go on plying i
their iniquitous business without further
molestation for a time. In this they were
mistaken. The Chief says he is going to j
enforce the law as long as it is in the
statute hook«.
Already several of the smaller places j
have closed and the proprietors gone out '
of business, but there are large profits in j
the business and most of the planes can
stand the heavy expenses they are put to
by the onslaught that has been made on
them. Legitimate profits of pool-selling
honestly conducted would hardly carry
them through, but then they are not sup- ;
posed to be conducting business in that !
way to any great extent.
However, not many of them will be able
to stand the strain if the Chief keeps on j
arresting them as lie is doing.
The proprietors of the downtown pool
rooms are lighting nan), however, to keep
their doors open. The action of Edward
Corrigan in leasing the only telegraphic
wire running from the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club's track at Ingleside, has entirely ;
i shut out the avenue through which the
gamblers could get their news, and yester- !
day, as on the day previous, the pool- '
rooms could post no authentic odds, nor j
could they announce the winners of the ;
various races until hours after the}' had
passed under the wire.
That these downtown dens, where boys j
; and women are allowed to wager their i
earnings, are undergoing a tiard ordeal is a [
matter of congratualation in which the
police, the courts and the respectable ele- |
ment of the City are sharing.
Mr. Corrigan's action has shut out the
poolrooms of the State and as far as Den
ver from getting; the news of the races ex- j
ceptins* from private messages sent from '
the main office of the telegraph company
by individuals. Such messages, however, 1
are of absolutely no value to poolrooms, j
as they give but results, and that hours
after the races have been run. No odds
can be sent on that might be of any value i
for speculation purposes.
The telephone company has an instru
ment at the Ingleside track, but it, too,
is leased, so nobody but the Jockey Club or
friends hnve its use.
But there is a telephone at the Ingleside
Inn, a saloon a quarter of a mile from the
track entrance, and another at Barney
Farley's wayside resort, still farther away.
These two instruments cannot be con
trolled, and are at the disposal of patrons.
It is over these 'phones that the down
town poolrooms receive what meager news
that comes to them.
A half-dozen boys on bicycles wait at
the entrance to the track and carry mes-
Bagea from there to the telephone men
waiting for them at the instruments in the
two resorts.
That is the way the news reaches town —
not by any telegraph-wire tapping or by
other means, such as rewiring from San
Jose, Stockton, Denver or otuer outside
cities, where pool-selling is permitted.
OLYMPIC CLUB BOXING
Several Hundred Members Wit
ness Some Lively Fisti
cuffs.
Smith and Sullivan Met in a Four-
Round Bout and Knockdowns
Resulted.
Although boxing is frowned upon by a
large percentage of the higher class of citi
zens it is nevertheless a fact that fisticuffs
are the only indoor sport that is well patron
ized by the members of the Olympic Club,
who always gather in strong force in the
club's gymnasium whenever an exhibition
of fisticuffs takes place.
Several hundred members witnessed
some special boxing bouts that took place
last Thursday evening, and they all retired
well satisfied with the fun.
The first event of the programme was a
four- round bout between B. Hogan and J.
Eeilly, both of the Olympic Club. Hogan
was knocked down in the first round by a
right-hand swing on the jaw. The remain
ing three rounds were all in Reilly's favor
who used both the right and left to good
advantage. Hogan's best forte was duck
ing and dodging. The decision favored
l'eilly.
The second match was between F H
smith and J. Sullivan, both of the Olym
pic. Sullivan has had several years' expe
rience in boxing and his friends expected
to see him, in the language of the profes
sional 'put it onto Smith" before the end
of the bout, but they were disappointed
Smith is one of the cleverest boxers the'
club nas had in many years and he did not '■
fear Sullivan in the least.
In the opening round Smith caught :
Sullivan in the left eye, and the receiver
fell to his knees. After this timely warn
ing signal Sullivan raised his left shoul
der in the hope that his chin would be
guarded from attack, but Smith got over
the obstruction in his own peculiar style
and warmed Sullivan's cheek with stiff
right-hand punches.
In the second round Sullivan "got a
bloody dom and was knocked down
cleanly from the effects of a swin-'ine left
hand smash in the neck.
The third was also Smith's round, but
the fourth was slightly in Sullivan's favo
ns Smith was growing weak. It was the
nrsttime in his experience that he received
a blbody nose and a good punching in the
ribs, out the punishment was all received
while the contestants were clinched and
smashing away at close range.
The judges," Sum Hughes and P. If.
Ward, were unable to decide the bout and
fhe referee, James Smith, thought the best
thins to do in the premises was to order
an extra round, which he did.
At this juncture President Eaton rr>«e
from his seat and announced that the
rules of the American Athletic fjnion
do not permit of a fifth round and the
club must consequently adhere to the
laws that govern fisticuffs. The judges
and referee again consulted and then gave
their decision in favor of Smith, who un
questionably won the bout under the ama
teur rules. In a finish contest Sullivan
would defeat Smith in all probability, as
he appeared to have the best stamina.
The final e%-ent was a good-natured slog
girir match between J. W. Keay of the
Olympic Club and <;. Bates of the San
Francisco Athletic Club. It was difficult
to say which of the two men scored the
greater number of misses, but Reay was
given the decision for having scored a
majority of hits. This ended a good
evening's sport.
The timekeepers were F. K. Butz and C.
F. Morel of the Olympic Club, and C. A.
Keud of the San Francisco Athletic Club.
OLYMPIC CYCLERS.
Officers and Directors Elected at
the Sleeting Held Last
i.\ piling.
The Olympic cyclers held an enthusias
j tic meeting last evening and the large at
: tendance of members indicated that the
club is in perfect harmony and a thriving
! condition.
The principal object of the meeting was
to elect directors and officers for the ensu
ing term. With but two exceptions the
old board was re-elected, and there is no
change in the officers. The directors for
the ensuing term are: J. F. Coffey, J. H.
Sheehan, S. I. Blake, T. 1.. McGinniss. I".'
R. r.utz. Lloyd Conkling, Dr. O. B. Burn«
Charles F. Morel, W. D.Shea. '
The officers are: J. P. Coffey, president;
J. 11. Sheehan, viee 7 president; T. B. Mc-
Ginniss, secretary; S. I. Blake, treasurer;
F. R. Butz, captain J. F. Cooney, first
lieutenant; George W. Conroy, second
lieutenant.
It was decided to invite the Olympic
Club wheelmen to a joint run with the
cyclers at some near future date.
A special meeting will be held Friday
evening, January 24, to receive a commit'
tee from the League of American Wheel
men, which will address the club upon the
desirability of its joining the league.
A "mugwump"' in electrical engineering
is a carbon designed for use either with an
alternating or direct current.
NEW TO-DAY.
( \
\
\ - -
\ ~'""" \
J BICYCLES. \
\ Columbia Models. 40, 41, 42, \
) $100. ?
\ Columbia Tandems - ... $1.30 \
\ Combination or Diamond. /
\ Hartfonls— sBo, $60 and $50 \
C» ft»" Responsible ' Agents wanted In i
/ unoccupied territory. S
) TOPE maai™tiri\g CO., , l
\ 344 Post St., S. F., Cal. \
STEARNS
BICYCLES!
Marvel in Strength!
Beauty in Outline!
Perfect in Workmanship!
Cnapproaclied in Finish!
STEARNS!
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street.
DBf IIY, BOMS & CO., City Agents.
THE -S^^^^^
MOUNT
FOR =^-3 -m
THE WHITE RIMMED HUMMER IS THE COMER
HOOKER & CO.
Retail Store- 1640 Market Street.
Cyclery—Cor. Page and Stanyan Streets.
Wholesale Deo' t— l6-18 Drumm Street, S. F.
COAST AGENTS FOR
1896 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED.
i 1895 Models Will be Sold for
$85.00.
COME WHILE THEY LAST.
1896 Ramblers $100.00
1895 Kamblers.... 55.00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F.
427 S. Spring st., Los Angeles.AFTER THE FIRE
COMMISSIONERS
Ex-Foreman Buchanan Ob
jects to Their Tri
bunal.
DENIED HIM COUNSEL. ■
He Was Tried and Convicted
Outside of the Regular
State Courts.
THAT FUND FOR THE WIDOWS.
He Says It Was Handled by the Heads
of the Department, and Not
for Charity, Either.
"While America is defending Venezuela
EX -FOREMAN BUCHANAN OF ENGINE 9. WHO HAS SOMETHING TO SAY
REGARDING Till. FIRE COMMISSIONERS.
[From a photograph.]
against England she might give a little
attention to the San Francisco Fire Com
■ritT.--, who accuse men of feitin:.- 5 ;
in fry them without permit
them to be represented by a lawyer.
That's what they did to me," said ex-
Foreman Buchanan of engine 9.
••I was simply found guilty and dis
missed without being permitted a counsel.
It happened right in this City, a portion
erica, the land of the free. etc. Why,
less things than that have plunged coun
tries into war, but here in this City the
i-ire Commissioners take the law into
their hands and sit as a court.
"Here is the way they did it: On the
7th of December, IS&S, Hoffman & Alex
ander's wholsale clothing-house caugnt
tire, and among other engines No. 9, of
which I was foreman at the time, answered
tiie alarm. Six days alter that I reported
Engineer Kennedy for neglect in not keep
;nu r a cover on the hose. On the next day,
■n days after the fire, Kennedy re
ported that he had seen some clothing on
the apparatus that looked as though it had
been taken from the fire on the 7th. He
• at it was stolen, and the Commis
sionera forthwith tried us for petty larceny
on the 26th of December. There were five
of Ub altogether— Wil.iam 11. Cronin, John
- Collner, Thomas Mul
downey and myself.
"I asked the Fire Commissioners to
have the case laid over until the man who
had made the charge would get out a
proper complaint through the proper
authorities, and that we be tried in the
Superior Court just the same as otner
people. They refused to listen to such a
proposition, although I told them that if
we were tried in the manner laid down by
thejlaw of the State and found euilty
they were then at liberty to dismiss us
from the service of the Fire Department.
To this proposition they turned a deaf ear,
and i finally- asked if we would be per
mitted to have our own attorneys. This
was al *o refused and the trial proceeded.
"1 called ten witnesses, all of whom tes
tified that there was nothing of the kind
charged in the complaint of Kennedy;
that they bad observed and that they had
feen no clothing that did not belong to
the accused. On the other hand Engineer
Kennedy and Driver Cain testified that
they saw a bundle of something on the
apparatus that appeared to be clothing.
They had nothing, mind you, as evidence
to prove this charge, not even a collar
button, but their word was taken as against
ten others, and Cronin and Holmes were
found guilty as charged and immediately
dismissed from the service. Now that is
not the end. Wait until you hear me out
and you will get an i:i:-ight into how a man
can be persecuted. At that trial the rest
of us were exonerated, but in a short time
after that 1 was charged with two more
offenses. One was not changing the wet
hose for a dry one, as is the custom after
nil fires. The other was for not reporting
the men who were alleged to have taken
the clothing. How could I report them
when I did hot know and did not believe
that they took the clothing? On the
charge of not changing the hose I brought
in to the Fire Commissioners the books of
the clerk of engine 9 and proved that I
did change the hose and that it was done
immediately after the fire. On the charge
of not rej>orting the men who stole the
clothing I was dismissed, probably be
cause I did not believe they were the
thieve?. Is that the way for a body of
Commissioners to do business with men
who happen to come under them? It may
appear to the laymen that I was not alto
gether straight and that they wanted to
get rid of me, but it was not that at all,
but because I fought them on the proposi
tion of converting the Widows' and
Orphan's Fund into a political fund. That,
sir, and nothing else was the cause of my
dismissal from the Fire Department and I
can prove that they wanted to get rid of
oie for that reason and that reason alone.
"I have been in bad odor because I have
been the only defender of the fund and
because I have ta&en every occasion to
fight for the widows and children of dead
firemen — men who died in their attempts
to save property to the citizens of San
Francisco. I wiil explain to you how the
fund is created. In case of the death of a
fireman from accident or natural or other
causeßweall chip in $1 apiece and give
the total amount to the widow or his
orphans, provided he has any. There are
about 500 firemen in this City, each of whom
is expected to, and does put up his dollar
in case of the death of any of the firemen.
Dp to the death of Chief Scanuell this
rule, which was thought to be a good one.
was in force and the widows received the
revenue.
"The amendment afterward nut through
by Chief Sullivan cut the amount from
$500 to iJi'JQO and it prevailed for some time.
1 must not forget to state, however, that
the firemen continued to put up $500 on
each death and the balance left each time
went into the reserve fund until it got to
be somewhere in the neighborhood of
$7000.
"When the driver of my company died
I got up at ttie next meeting of the Board
of Foremen and dia the very rare thine of
asking that his widow be voted $150 extra
over the regular $200. I stated that the
family was in distressed circumstances
and that they were in need of all the
money we could give thorn, lour months
I after the death of Driver Teasoo, whose
widow got $150 extra, one of the extramen
— Thomas McCarthy — died, and his fam
ily needed assistance worse than Teason'p.
I went again before the board and begged
tluit something more be given Mrs. Mc-
Carthy, as she needed it the worst way. 1
took considerable pains to set forth the
fact that I had known them all for some
time and that this case was worthy of un
limited charity. The result was 1 got the
■extra amount, but it was anything but
pleasant to the heads to give it up. On
i>:ht.T occasions other members of the Fire
! Department did the same thing and the
! heads then took steps to stop the whole
i thing by passing an amendment setting
j forth the fact that under no circumstance
should more than f'^Xi be given a widow of
a til eman.
"This proposition may be all right from
the outside, but all the same we are ex-
I lo and do pay in $1 each on the
':<-;!!li of every '.ireman. It is simply a
ca-eof giving*soOO and only $200 of it is
turned to charity. The firemen, who are
fair ana frank about the matter, are very
much worked up over tin's manner of
handling the fund, and no man who has
any regard for hi< dead companion's
widow likes to see her deprived cf money
that was intended for her.
"In the case of the Page-street fire, when
three men were killed, we subscribed about
$1500, yet only $tiOO of it went to the three
widows. The other $900 went into the
reserve fund, which was used for heaven
knows what, and the families of the dead
iiremen did not get what was intended- for
them.
"During the whole twenty years of Chief
Scannell's reign as the head of the Fire
, Department nothing of that kind was ever
; heard of, and if he was alive to-day every
: widow would get the full amount. Not
long ago a paper was brought around to
the foremen asking them to si^n it and
1 thus authorize the heads of the Fire
Department to expend something like
17000 for the purpose of employing special
i counsel. This 'special counsel' was em
ployed about the time the Legislature *wxs
in session, and the firemen who put it up
I are wondering where it went.
"Do you suppose it would be possible
for anybody to think that the Fire Com
missioners thought it a good plan to get
rid of me because I opposed taking that
money from the widows and orphans?"
Foreman Buchanan looked out of the cor
i ncr of his eye ana puffed on the cigar be
i tween his teeth.
"Let me give you another sample of
| how true Chief Sullivan in to his dead
! superior, David Scannell. When Assistant
Chief James Keilly died. Sullivan, who
succeeded him, immediately made a mo
tion as Chief of the department, acting in
that capacity during Scannell's illness, to
erect, with money from the reserve fund,
a monument over Keilly's grave. Inside
of sixty days after lleilly's funeral the
j stone was in place and the firemen bad
! paid for it. Shortly after that the brave
! Scannell passed away, and Sullivan, who
i took his place, thought nothing of nim.
I Last Decoration day. when we were out to
| the cemetery, I noticed that Dave Scan
j nells grave had no monument over it, and
at the next meeting 1 protested against
such treatment of the best Chief San Fran
cisco ever had. I said in my remarks
that we ought to erect a monument to
'Dave Scannell, dead nearly three years,
| before the newspapers observed the ab
; sence of one, as it would reflect discredit
upon tne firemen who pretended to be his
friends. The result of this is known to
' the people of this City, as next Sunday a
i handsome stone will mark his resting
! place, but it will De through no action of
j Chief Sullivan.
"Certainly, we propose to settle this case
|of dismissal in the right courts. We have
] employed an attorney to Hue the Commis
sioners for back salary and reinstatement,
to say nothing of a suit for damages to our
reputations. We intend to see whether or
not the Board of Fire Commissioners are
better legal bodies to handle the law than
the Superior Court. lam not so anxious
about that as I am about the money for
the widows and orphans, whom the "fire
men want to see treated properly, regard
less of any views the Chief or any other
member of the board of Fire Department
heads may have. All I want is justice to
all hand.s, and particularly to the wives
and children of the dead heroes who died
doing their duty."
LABOR COUNCIL.
Organization of an Association Having
for Its Ottject the Collection of
laborers' Wages.
The Labor Council met at 1159 Mission
street last evening. It was reported to the
council that hundreds of complaints were
coming from workingmen who had diffi
culty in getting wages due them. In
many cases the sums were so small and
the employers, generally small contract
ors, being so irresponsible financially, that
the employes could not afford to attempt
the collection of their debts by an action at
law. After a consideration of the subject
a workmen's defense association was or
ganized, similar to those now in existence
in other cities. By this method the mem
bers combine with the object of making
bad debt collections without needless ex
pense.
The council adjourned to meet Friday
evening.
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
BABCOCK IS TO REMAIN
Judge Troutt Holds He Is the
Real Superintendent of
Schools.
HE WAS LEGALLY APPOINTED.
Power of the Board of Education to
Fill Vacancies Under the Con
solidation Act.
Judge Troutt has sustained the demurrer
of Madison Bubeock to the suit of Charles
B. Young, in which Young endeavored to
have Babcock removed from the oilice of
Superintendent of Schools and have him
self declared the incumbent.
The suit was brought by the people upon
Young's relation. The complaint alleged
that after the death of A. J. Moulder on
October 14, 1895, Young was duly appointed
to the office by the Board of Supervisors
on November 4, 1895, but that since that
act the defendant, Babcock, had usurped
the oince. The demurrer to this complaint
was submitted by Babcock on the ground
that tacts sufficient for a cause of action
had not been stated. In support of his de
murrer the defendant cited the Legislative
act of April 27, 18G5. which provides that
in case of a vacancy in the oflice of- Super
intendent of Schools the Board of Educa
tion may appoint a person to fill the,
vacancy until the next regular election
wucn the oilice shall be filled by the peo
ple. The defendant contended that this
act had not been repealed, and hence the
appointment of Y"ung by the Board of
Supervisors was without warrant in law.
Responding to this the relator, Young,
cited the county government act of March
11, 1883. This act in subdivision 21 of sec
tion 25 says that the Boards of Supervisors
of the various counties have the power to
till by appointment all vacancies which
may occur in any elective county or town
ship office, excent in those of Juilge of the
Superior Court and Supervisor. Section
231 of this county government act declares
that all previous acts and parts of acts in
contiict with it are repealed.
It was argued by counsel for Young that
the county government act was a generul
law and hence was applicable to the City
ami County of San l'rancisco, to some ex
tent at least, and that it conferred upon
tli.> Board of Supervisors of this City and
< ounty, as well as upon those of the
various counties, the power to appoint the
successor of a Superintendent of Schools
who dies before the expiration ol his term.
Tiie question raised was, therefore,
whether or not the act for the government
of counties applied in the City and County
of San Francisco, or in another form, the
old question of whether in the eyes of the
Legislature San Francisco is a city or a
county.
In commenting upon this point Judge
Troutt says in his opinion :
The City and County of San Francisco is a
continuation of the old municipal corporation
tnown as the Cityol San Francisco by virtue
of the act of April 10, 1530. commonly known
consolidation act. This act defini
iries > I Bald < iiy and County and trans
ferred all ihe propertj . of both, the
gaid corporation of the City of San Francisco
and tin' County of San FraD Cisco, to the said
cit> and County, formed by the consolidation
of both. The constitution provides that till
lavs in force at the time <>f its adoption, and
not inconsistent therewith, shall remain in
force and effect until repealed by the Legisla
ture. Hence the aforesaid consolidation act
whs not repealed by the adoption oi tbe con
stitution in 1879. But it is beyond dispute
that the Legislature has the power to pass a
permanent law whica will affect the charter oi
this City ami County without its consent
\\> lind that thu general provisions of the
al ( Nlr ac to the control of the City
schools by the Board oi Education are applica
ble to this City and County, and that it is nut
governed by the consolidation act alone.
The court then. cites the duties of the
Legislature as laid down by the constitu
tion, in making general laws for the gov
ernment of all counties and for the classi
fication and government of cities. In obe
dience to these requirements, he Baid, the
Legislature passed the act of March 13,
ISB3, entitled, "An act for the organiza
tion, incorporation and government of
municipal corporations." and also the
county government act. The Supreme
Court, in reference to this a?t of March 13,
declared that it rested with the peo
ple to determine by their votes if they
would organize under the act or frame a
charter under the "fifteen freeholders"
clause of the constitution, or by non-action
abide Dy the charter as it existed. Contin
uing on the suggestion conveyed in that
decision, Judge Troutt says:
A~ i! appears that toe aforesaid act of March
13, 1883, referring to municipal corporations,
was held to affect this City and County only in
the event that trie people of the City and
County should determine by their votes to be
come organised thereunder, why should the
county government actof March 18, 1883, be
held to aitect this municipality when no action
ha< been taken by the people in regard to such
act? Evidently it should not.
Furthermore 1 am satisfied that the afore
said subdivision 'Jl of section 20 of the said
county government aft should be construed as
conf< rring power to till certain vacancies only
upon the Board of Supervisors created by said
H<;t, and not upon the Hoard of Supervisors
created by the consolidation act. Conse
quently, notwithstanding the views of the
learned counsel who appeared for the plaintiff,
and who most ably and admirably urged their
construction of the statute, I am of the opinion
that the county government act in question
did not repeal the Aforesaid act of April 27,
1883, and that therefore the Board of Educa
tion of this City and County still retains the
power to appoint a person to fill a vacancy in
the office oi superintendent of Schools.
Accordingly the defendant's demurrer Is sus
tained, without leave to plaintiff to amend the
complaint, and judgment will bo given in
favor of the defendant.
WAITING FOR NEW RATES.
Shippers Watching the Pacific Mail's
Dictum— Clipper Ships Again.
The Pacific Mail officials stated yester
day they were not in a position to say
when the advanced freight rates via
Panama would become effective. In fact,
they were not prepared to quote the ad
vanced; rates, and it will likely be some
days before the new schedule is issued for
the delectation of merchants and producers
of California!! articles of commerce.
The transcontinental rates as advanced
and adopted on low-class commodities by
tbe Southern Pacilic Company have been
published in Tin; ( .'all, and now the inter
est of shippers is directed toward the new
tariff of the Pacific Mail Company.
There is a differential rate of $.'} a ton in
favor of the water route, and it is generally
believed by railway men that this stand
ard will be maintained under the new
order of things.
It is an open question if tbe low-class
commodities, such as wine, iron, etc., that
have come under the corporation's ban
can afford the additional tax. In not <i
few instances the advanced rate may com
pel shippers to cease exporting to the
East, since the small margin of profit on
those articles prohibits the payment of
high freights. The only possible way out
of the dilemma is the clipper ship line, to
which the Traffic Association will at once
turn it 3 attention in the interest of Cali
fornia merchants and producers.
Amateur Press Association.
The forty-lirst regular meeting of the Golden
State Amateur Press Association, President
McCarthy in the chair, was held last night at
Forresters' Hall on O'Farrell street. Sixteen
members were present. After transacting the
usual routine of business these officers were In
stalled: Harry C. Morris, president; rieor^e A-
Hinkel, vice-president: Miss L. Lohmeyer,
recording secretary ; Leon M. Voorsaucer, cor
responding secretary; Franklin ('. Mortimer,
treasurer; William A. Day, oflicial editor.
After the meeting a very interesting enter
tainment was gives consisting of recitations,
literary readings acd vocal solos. Following is
n list of the members present: Miss Ethel
Neal, Mi<s J.tiura Lohmeyer, Daniel T. Mc-
Carthy, s. r. Bush, F. C. Mortimer, 11. C. Slor
ris, William A. Day. \V. Radius, H. Block, R
Fancompre, F. P. Scully, c. L. Asmus-sen Wil
liam Leiuey, Leon M. Voorsanger.
M'G AUGHEY IN TROUBLE.
The Slayer of Dr. Plouf Charged by I
Mis .Employers With For
gery.
J. D. L. McGaughey, the slayer of Dr.
Plouf, is being sought for by the police
with a warrant charging him with forgery.
The charge is made by John T. Brennan,
manager of the San Francisco Paving
Company, for which McGaughey has been
acting in the capacity of solicitor for
street-paving contracts.
Manager Brennan says McGaughey was
engaged on commission to secure signa
tures of property-owners on Grove street,
between Baker and Lyon, to a petition to
have the street paved. McGaughey pre
sented a petition containing the names of
three-fourths of the property-owners and a
contract between them and the company
for the paving of the street. Thereupon
McGaujrney was paid a commission of
$100. Subsequently, when the paving
company was ready to begin work,
Brennan learned that all the
si_M;utures were forgeries. He sought Ma-
Gaughey for the purpose of exacting an
explanation, but he could not find the
solicitor.
McGaughev and his wife sailed yester
day in the Walla Walla for Victoria.
HOMER WILSON NOT LOST
A Berlin Sensation of the Disap
pearance of Two Men
Exploded.
Count Novossiltzoff Not a Nihilist, but
Claims to Be a Wealthy
Nobleman.
In a cable dispatch from Berlin yester
day it was stated that quite a sensation
had been created in that city by the mys
terious disappearance of two American
gentlemen named Homer Wilson and Pro
fessor NovL
This item of sensation lacked somewhat
of the full force of a dark and deadly mys
tery by the locating of one of the dis
appearing persons in the Mills building in
this City by a Call reporter yesterday,
who met and conversed with Homer
"Wilson, and from whom the following
account of the disappearance of himself
and the Russian Count from the German
capital was obtained:
"There was nothing mysterious about
our appearance in or disappearance from
Berlin," said Mr. Wilson.
"My acquaintance and trip with Profes
sor Novi occurred in this wise: I had
been well acquainted with Count Novos
siltzoff, or Alexis Nowy, the name by
which he is known as an American citi
zen. 1 had business in Europe, and know
ing that Nowy was about to go to Russia,
we traveled together as far as Berlin.
Here Mr. Nowy became Count A. Novos
siltzoff, and here lie met his nephew, Gen
eral Trotzky, who is the military general
of the first province of Russia joining Ger
many, with the capital atWilna. Here
by the aid of General Trotzky the Count
was to obtain a passport to visit St. Peters
burg, where he claimed to have sufficient
influence to enable him to recover his
estate, valued at $3,000,000, which had been
confiscated by the Czar over twenty years
ago.
"Before Count Novossiltzoff left Berlin
ho left his daughters in my charge. These
I placed in an American boarding-school,
where they will be properly looked after
until the return of their father from Rus
sia or the arrival of their mother, who has
suddenly disappeared from this City.
"So far as my sudden 'disappearance'
from Berlin goes this can hardly be mys
terious, because I left in company with
ael Hovarth and Lieutenant Garfield,
vi the Russian army, and we all arrived in
this City on December 21, 1895.
"At the present time I do not know the
whereabouts of Count Novossiltzoff. Prob
ably he is in Russia. He carries with him
gilt-edge credentials signed by the Secre
tary of Ktate and the Judges of the Su
preme Court at Washington.
"The last I saw of him was on Novem
ber 10, when he left me in Berlin, and I
have no reason to believe that anything
serious has befallen him. lamat a loss to
understand to what the Berlin correspond
ent could attribute our 'mysterious disap
pearance.' There is nothing mysterious
about our movements.
"As regards what has been said about
the Count being an impostor, I know of
my own knowledge that his wife drew
from the Olympia bank, in the State of
Washington, the sum of $80,000 coming
from the estate of her husband.
"This and other matters connected with
him have impressed me with the belief
that what he says about himself and fam
ily is the truth. He is not a nihilist and
has never been charged with any crime
against the Russian Government. Hi 3
banishment from Russia was of a personal
nature with the Czar. The late Czar,
Alexander I, fully restored him to favor,
but died before the confiscated estate had
been returned to him. It is to Ret this
property that he ia now in Russia."
ON MARINE INSURANCE.
Decision of Federal Judge Morrow in
the Case Against La lfonciere
Cumpugnie d' Assurance.
United States District Judge Morrow
rendered a decision yesterday of great
importance to marine insurance com
panies. It was in the admiralty suit of
Frederick A. Koons and Hapgood & Co.
of Portland, Or., against La Fonciere Com
pagnie d'Assurance of France. This is a
libel to recover $1110 30 aa a balance due
on insurance of 500 cases of salmon.
An insurance policy for .%'WOO was made
to Hapgood & Co. of Portland, Or., on
500 cusbb of salmon in July, 1892. The
month following the salmon was shipped
on the bark Belle of Oregon for Mew York,
but the vessel, encountering a storm
down the coast, sprang aleak and put into
the port of San Francisco in distress on
September 21, 1892. On discharging the
cargo here it was found that it was very
much damaged and 392 cases of salmon
were sold for $1415 85. The market value
of the salmon if not damaged would have
been $6 80 a case in New York. It was in
sured on a valuation of $6 a case.
The libeJants contended that the los 3
sustained by the forced sale at San Fran
cisco was a salvage loss. Against this the
insurance company insisted on a 50 per
cent basis of adjustment. Judge Morrow
decided that the settlement of the adjust
ment on the basis of the salvage loss was
in accordance with clause 3 of the policy
and therefore Rave judgment in favor of
the libelants for the amount demanded.
Failed to Provide.
Louis H. Fletcher, a contractor who resides
at 114 Collingwood street, was arrested yester
day on a bench warrantissued by Judge Camp
bell. Fletcher was arrested some time ago on
the charge oi failure to provide for nil Jive
children nn<i was to have been tried on Thurs
day, but failed to put in an appearance, hence
the bench warrant.
Aery Rich Indeed
In the elements that supply the hn man system
with bone, muscle and bruin substance is a circula
lation fertilised with the supreme tonic, Hostet
ter's Hiomach Bitters, which begets thorough as
similation and disehtion, and gives a healthful
impulse to evrry function of the body. Dyspeptic
and weakly persons give stroug testimony in i'.s
behalf. Ho do those troubled with biliousness, ma
inria, rheumatism, constipation and inactivity of
the kidney ■.
THE CONVENTION CALLED
Mayors of Four Large Cities
Issue a Stirring Mani
festo.
TO BE HELD NEXT SATURDAY.
Delegates to Be Divided Into Three
Classes, and No Proxies Will
Be Allowed.
The call for a State convention, which
the opponents of the funding bill trust will
resuit in the crushing of that measure
when it i 9 brought up for consideration be
fore Congress, was issue:! yesterday, signed
by Mayor Sutro, Mayor Davie of Oakland,
Mayor Baggs of Stockton and Mayor Hub
bard of Sacramento. It is as follows:
To the Mayors of the Cities and Town* of Califor
nia and to the Chairmen oj the Board* of Super
visors of the Counties The?eqf— <;kntlemen : mat
Huntington arid other railroad magnates are
now trying to force Congress into passing a
funding bill Ja a patent fact.
Ii t bis in Iquity shall be consummated either
the United States will ultimately give the < en
tral Hiicl Union Pacific Railroad companies
$80,000,000, and thai cancel a justdebtdue
the people; or if the bunds ut<- redeemed, then
California in particular, together with the Pa
cific Coast Btates, will be compelled to pay
these $80,000,000 In the form of increased
freights and fares.
If a funding scheme is passed it will be a
governmental condonation of a most gigantic
I crime. Such legislation precludes for years all
; transcontinental railroad competition and
i leaves us in the grasp of a single godless mo
nopoly. Believing that we should make a final
struggle against neater slavery, and that the
good citizens of this State are opposed to- any
Funding scheme, we have taken the liberty of
inviting yon to aid in calling a state conven
j tioii.
The purpose of that body shall be to express
the united opinion of the citizens of California
against this vicious legislation and to send a
memorial to Congress, protesting against it as
an outrage on our riehts as American citizens.
So inspired, we ask you to appoint one or
more reputable citizens as delegates to a State
(■'invention, to be held at San Francisco, at the
Metropolitan Temple, at 1 V. m. f on Saturday,
January 18, 18915. The delegates shall be ap-
I portioned as follows:
First— For cities, one for each 5000 people, to
be appointed by the Mayor.
Second— lor towns, one ior each town having
over 000 inhabitants and less than 5000, to be
appointed by the Chairman of the Board of
Trustees thereof.
Third— For counties not containing incor
porated towns or cities, one for the county
having at least 500 inhabitants, to be ap
pointed by the Chairman of the Board of
Supervisor's.
These appointments to include all the cities,
towns and counties in the State of California.
! M the delegates cannot attend in person they
are requested to send resolutions containing
an expression of their views. Please make
I your appointments at once and issue creden
tials to each delegate.
No proxies will be allowed.
As the time is short and precious the demand
lor action is argent. In the name of our grand
State we respectfully demand your co-opera
tinu in this hour of danger to our honor, and
feel conlident that your response will be
prompt and patriotic.
January 9, IS9<>.
ADOLPB Sutro, Mayor of San Francisco.
J.L. Davie, Mayor of Oakland.
H. M. Baogs, Mayor of Stockton.
C. H. Hubbard, Mayor of Sacramento.
Mayor Sutro was not in a sanguine mood
yesterday over the prospects of the tight
against the bill. His lack of confidence
was occasioned by the receipt of the fol
lowing telegram "from the agent of the
committee of tifty, who is now at the Na
tional capital, in response to a query as to
how matters are progressing:
Washington, D. C, January 10, 1896.
Adolph Sutro, Han Francisco: lluntington is
not here now ; doesn't need to be. Half House
I and Senate are his attorneys. Great reason
i why he may expect to win. Only chance
j aga"inst him in tiie Senate.
While expressing a fear that the plans
of President Huntington of ihe railroad
will prevail during the present session of
Congress Mayor Sutro insists that the right
must bo carried out to the bitter end and
that the more gloomy the prospect of de
feating the bill appears the harder the
committee of fifty must labor in the cause.
SILVER CONFERENCE.
Coant Secretary Keeney leaves for
Washington in Advance of the Other
Delegateg From X his State.
George P. Keeney, Pacific Coast secre
tary of the American Bimetallic Union,
left Thursday for the East, in advance of
other delegates, to attend the conference
of the silver leaders to be held at Washing
ton, D. C, January 22. George W. Baker
and Thomas J. Clunieof this City, Colonel
John R. Berry of Los Ar.gelea and other
prominent leaders in the cause of bimet
allism have been invited and will probably
be present at Washington on that date.
Mr. Keeney will do considerable political
work on his way, and has been invited to
be present at St. Louis January 17, when
the meeting of the National Committee of
the People's party will be held. Before he
left he said:
The conference at Washington will probably
consolidate all the different movements and
organizations favorable to the remonetization
of silver, and thus ratify the meeting and ac
tion had at Chicago December 14, 1895, reports
of which were published in the press dis
uatches. The indications are also that the
People's party may nave a representation at
Washington in the form of a conference com
mittee, looking to united action with the sil
ver party in some form during the coming
Presidential campaign. Many eminent men
will be present, including General A. . I. War
ner, Senator Stewart, General J. C. Sibley, Sen
ator Marion Butler, Senator Tillman, Paul Van
Dervoort, National chairman, and H. 0. Tau
beneck of the People's party— all representing
the leading thought of the Nation in favor of
monetary reform and a reconstruction of our
financial system. The tendency toward unify
ing all reform elements Into one great move
ment is evidently spontaneous and very rapidly
growing.
Mr. Keeney will be absent several weeks.
Meanwhile his office in the Mills build
ing will be in Chairman George W. Baker's
hands.
MRS. HEINECKE ANSWERS.
The Wife Tells a Tale of Brutal Cruelty
I'rmii the Husband.
Mrs. Frances B. Heinecke has filed an
answer to the complaint of her husband,
Paul Heinecke, for divorce, and has also
fiied a complaint of her own in which she
asks for a divorce on the ground of
cruelty.
In her answer Mrs. Heinecke denies
that she used vulgar language to her hus
band, or that she ever struck him, and
she further denies each and every one of
his allegations against her, and asks that
his complaint be dismissed.
In her complaint she alleges acts of the
most brutal cruelty, whicn continued, she
says, from jusi after her marriage in
March, 1891, until recently, when they
separated.
She says her husband is a gripman, and
is earning $2 40 a day, and she asks the
court to compel him to provide for her, to
dismiss his complaint and to grant her a
divorce, allowing: her to resume ncr
maiden name of Frances Chriatman.
THAT FORGED CHECK.
It Causes a Suit Between the Crocker-
Woolworth and the Nevada Banks.
The Crocker-Woolworth National Bank
is suing the Nevada Bank for $21,988, the
amount of its loss upon the raised $12
check cashed by A. H. Dean on December
17, 1395.
The circumstances of the forgery are all
set forth, and the amount sued for repre
sents the difference between the actual
value of the check and its apparent value.
eiulf uu I LnfiO UuUi
Mrs, Grinnell Credits Her Vigorous Old
Age to Paine's Celery Gompound.
% ■ ■
It is an uncommon thing to learn of per-
sona reaching the age of Mr<. Emyle Hyde
GrinnelJ, and years of good health such as
hers come only to those who make use of
the very best means of keeping well.
No one will wonder that the bright-eyed
old lady, whose mind to-day is as alert and
clear as ever, should be anxious for others
to try Paine's celery compound.
Mrs. Emyle Hyde Grinnell was born in
Bennington, Vt., July 6. 179»J, and is to-day
living with her granddaughter, the wife of
Martin Fowler of Colchester, Vt., a beauti-
ful town near Fort Ethan Allen. Her
father was a farmer and hotelkeeper, and
she lived upon the farm until her mar-
riage. Mrs. Grinnell has none of the in-
firmities of old age. She rises at daylight,
works about the houre, and when the
weather will permit walks outdoors. Her
eyesight is so good that she threads a
needle and spends many hours crocheting
and doing fancy work. She keeps abreast
of the times and is remarkably well in-
formed upon many subjects. She declares
that she does not feel any older than she
has for years, and if people half her age
enjoyed such good health as she they
would consider themselves fortunate. She
has seven children, four boys and three
girls, two of whom are living to-day.
Mrs. Grinnell writes:
Colchester, Vt., Oct. 11, 1895.
"Paine's celery compound has been my
health preserver during the last few years.
Whenever I have an ache or a pain a few
doses of this medicine gives me relief and
strength. Few women, even though much
$«^for4 ROOMS
CONSISTING OP
FURNITURE
PARIOR.BEDROOIOIHIHG-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard 50 Cents
Oil Cloth, per yard 85 Cents
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces *25 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror S&5 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogues Mailed Free.
<Jj=- Free Packing and Delivery across the Bf r. -.. _.■ ( '
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TERM
OF THE URBAN SCHOOL, AT 2124 CALl-
fornia street, will begin on MONDAY, Jan. 6,
1896. Mr. 0. Brier will begin his lectures on Phy-
sics early In the coming year. A department for
very young boys will be added to the school.
.NATHAN' W. MOORE, Pricnlpal.
£ The fIERCURY 3
Souvenir
&££. ©• • © i» |to^, " >/vy^
g." Sunshine, Fruit NOW REA D Y 3
*ZZ and Flowers... IXUW KCAUY. -^©
®&»^» -*^>>^|
£^y Contains 325 pages, 9x12 inches, -^^^
J^ and is ILLUSTRATED FROM 939 PHOTOGRAPHS. ~ /v^®
Hundreds of beautiful half-tone engravings, showing
©a«r>^- the aspect of the county from January to December. ~^^g>
€B*^^ rr< ' ?' '■''-*■ -^>*^
ffc-~- The Fruit Industry Illustrated
Ota^>^- And described— the most valuable treatise upon the -~~^
®££^ Santa Clara County Fruit Industry that has ever been - /v^©
jj^- . published, giving details of the business from nursery ]^2
If- -- to market, with crops, prices and profits. -^/^}
«*~ A Work of Art, -^-«
&b/v- , ; -JN/^rfi
®w^^ Suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate - />^®
j^^"| Christmas present. There is scarcely a question that !^2
q^-_ could be asked concerning Santa Clara County and its "^S
Qv- - resources that is not fully answered. -^-^
O*^ . . 000000000000 -^«©
#l^a- Ttte Mercury Boayenlr will bo sent,. exprcseßge prepaid, -'vq)
©I^^- to any part of th» United States at the following rates : Bound in -'•^D
Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.25 per J-"^-^
gTT copy. Bent to any part of the United State*, postage prepaid, at "CCS
2J^\[ the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 800 per copy; "C^S
h/^ mr . bound in leatherette, $1.35 per copy. The BouTenir is sold over Z^S
the counter at the Mercury office at the following prices: Bound -sn^^
«3b^^- In Bristol board, 50 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.00 ->/v^
Oh^-v^- per copy. -~t^>q
Sj^ 1 Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, -^^*
&t/NA. San Jose, California. |-^^i
I younger than I, enjoy as good health, fotf
i my appetite is natural, my sleep refrrsh-
ing, and I can walk quite a distance with-
out feeling tired. People are surprised at
jmy vigorous appearance and activity,
j which, I believe, is the result of my osing
Paint's celery compound. It has cured
me of constipation and is of great help to
me when over-tirtd.
Gratefully yours,
Mbs. Em v: Hyde Giunnell."
Paine's celery compound is especially
valuable for recruiting the strength and
spent energies of men and women advanced
lin years. It is the one preparation consid«
j ered worthy the name of a true nerve fond
I and blood remedy by physicians through-
j out the country. * It is prescribed by them
in every State in the Union to tone up tho
sybteru, regulate the nerves and restora
; health and strength.
Nothing in the past has ever approached
| it in power of building up weakened nerva
j tissues and giving strength to the tired
j body. In severe cases of persistent head«
; aches, dyspepsia, neuralgia and sleepless*
i ness, due to nervous feebleness, Paine'3
j celery compound has a record of rapid and
lasting cures that embraces every city and
townin thewidesweepof the United States.
Its remarkable power over disease lies in
its active replacing of worn-out parts by
new, healfhy ones, and in its healing ami
purifying action amonc the most minute
tissues of the body. It searches out the
weak parts at once, and sets 10 work to
build them up. The tired body feels the
strengthening effects of Paine's celery
compound forthwith.
Give the nerves a chance to recover, and
I the entire body will regain its health and
i strength. Take Paine's celery compound.
, THESICCESS OF THE SEASO\
! THE LADIETcBIIL BOOH
OF THK
PALACE HOTEL.
•DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPKS U>TII, BEEDNIQHT.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for th'»
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, n:id a
I preat remedy for diseases of the kidneys nnd blad-
der, a great Restorative, invigoraton'md Nervine,
Sells on its own Merita— no long-winded tesci-
! monials necessary.
NABJSB, ALIS ft BRUNE, Agents.
| 323 Market St., 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OK THE MARKET.-.
Mexican Dollars lower.
Sterling Exchange weaker.
shipment ol $147,432 to China.
silver unchanged.
Wheat still higher.
Barley easier again.
Outs and Corn Brno.
Bran n,ain m.rked up.
liny steady and unchanged.
Flour stiff.
Beans neglected.
Potatoes steady. On ons higher.
butter linn I
Poultry easier.
Uatne about as before.
- dull.
-
»;rain Bags nominal. Hops very firm.
WKATHKB B1 Xl Al IJKPOKT.
Umtkd States Department of AQRicri/-
TDBK, WkaTHKB r.iKi at. Sax vrisco, Jan
uary 10, 1896, 5 )•. it— Weather conditions and
genera forecast : -
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with -those of the same date last ear:
Kureka 15.90,' last season Ti.'Zo\ Bed Bluff 6.66,
last season 17.12: San Kranciscol 4.10. las: season
i:>. 67; Fresno J.ll. last season 7.16; San Luis
cbispo 4.00,"1a5t season 15.32; Los Angeles 1.71,
last season 6.M; san Diego 1.57, last season 3.20;
> uma .32, last season 2.21.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations ie California to day : Eureka
56. Red Bluff 60. Ran Francisco 59, Fresno 62. In
dependence 80. San Luis Obispo 78. Los Angeles
80. «go 70, V lima 78.
San Francisco dtta— Maximum temperature 59,
minimum 47, mean 53.
The area of high pressure which has been central
over Utah, Nevada and Southern Idaho since j
January 4 continues, although there has been a
slight fall in the treasure Another area of high |
barometer has moved upon the north Pacific Coast,
and will probably re-enforce the first-named high
area. The pressure has fallen slightly along the
California coast and has ri.-eu decidedly along the
Washington and Oregon coasts. Cloudy weather is
reported this evening generally over Cll i torn in and I
Nevada. North of these States the weather h:is ;
been clear. The temperature remains about sta
tiontiry over the entire country except Western |
Washington, when; il has fallen - - illy.
forecast made at, San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight January 11. 1896:
Northern California— -Cloudy weather, and prob
abiy without rain: stationary temperature; north
erly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy: prot ably without
rain: stationary temperature; light easterly winds.
Nevada — Cioudy; cooler in northern i Or 1"::.
Utah— Cloudy;* slightly cooler in nor; hern por
tion.
Arizona— Cloudy In southern portion; stationary
temperature.
>a:i Francisco and — Cloudy weather, but
probably without rain; stationary temperature;
northerly winds.
A. M Ai'iK. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOIJK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW VOBK, N. V.. Jan. After a some- |
what irregular opening the stock market de- ;
veloped strength.' and at the close of the day the !
Reading issues registered pains of %@2V4 per cent. !
The firmness of the market was due to the ease I
with which money on call can be borrowed on ,
pledge of ordinary s;ock Exchange collateral and 1
the light engagements of sold for export to Europe 1
10-morrow. The withdrawal of the Chemical I
Hank from the Morgan syndicate did not affVct the |
market in any way, neither did the rumors of j
other port an: defections. The streat has settled '
down 10 the eelief ihat In the end the Government
will secure the toid it requires, whether 1 be ;
through the agency of a combination of bankers or ;
by popular subscriptions.
At the opening the market was irregular, the rail- '
way issues snowing weakness while the industrials i
were in demand at a higher range, the day wore
along, however, the entire list moved up in unison '
and better prices were recorded than for some j
time past. Sugar advanced a couple of points on ;
favorable advices trom Germany regarding the ex- |
port bounty question. Leather preferred rose on j
;the denial by President Hoyt that the company
was in the market :is 1 borrower or money.
The jump in Chicago Gas to ■ '•:■'>-. was lon a wild '
rumor that the reorganization certificates were j
ready for delivery and that the pa<t due dividends '
on the stock will ulso be declared at oner. In the j
railway lists the Anthracites, the Grangers, t. c i
Louisville auJ Nashville and Western ■ on I
can : anywhere from ! : to 2 per cent. In the ;
laM hour Leather prelerred ran on" toSS^ji on reali- I
zations. bin the general iiSt held the early advance '
and closed firm in tone. The total sales were |
159.500 shares.
Bonds were strong. Sales footed up ?1.525.000. .
Atchlson adjustment tours when issued rose 2 to I
44' do general fours certificates, 1 to 72V 2 ; i
Chesapeake and Ohio consolidated fives, 1 141 to I
106 V4: Kansas Pacific consolidated sixes certifi- j
cates, Ito 71 : Kansas and Texas seconds, 1% : " |
58; Oregon Shor: Line consolidated rives certifi- 1
cates, I 1 „ !'.> .'"6: Reading firsts preferred^ 2Vi to '
21%; do seconds, 1V 2 to 9; do thirds. 234 to b%; |
do general fours certlncates,"!!^, to 4.
In Government boiuis 910,000 coupon lours of I
1925 brought lit: i and 910,000 coupon fives, 114. j
■ rain. ;
FLOUR— steady, unchanged. Southern \
flour — Unchanged, quiet. Rye flour — Dull, steady, !
£2 40@2 86. Buckwheat flofir, *1 25&1 30. Buck
wneatT 38c.
LHJHN MEAL— DuII, steady: yellow Western,'
$ 2 26(5,2 30; Brandywlne, if 2 25.
KYI-:— Nominal. .
BAKLEY— Unchanged.
MALT— Unchanged.
WHEAT -Spot market wss active for milling,
3gc lower, closing steady. No. 2 red. store and
elevator, GBVa@6B%c; afloat. 700.70Vic: :. o. b., ;
tj9'«i'(i.7o : *4C: ungraded red, U7fa.7lc: So. 1 north- j
c-rn, 6h V 2 c.
Options wen less active end weak a', unchanged ;
prices to ijc decline, following the West and on
local realizing. May most active. No. 2 red. '■
January. 675 H e; February ," 6B3/ 8 c : March, 69Vic:
May. t>Si v » ; June and July, 6ti : ,2 ■■.
CORN— Spot dull, easier. No. 2, 35V»c elevator: i
36 1 2 c afloat.
Options were light and steady at l /nC§\~>c decline
with the West and following wheat. "lay most !
«ctive. June,'3s3Ac; February and May, HbVkc;
July. 36V4C " '
OAT.-— spot dull, firmer. Options dull, steady. '
January and February, 'lie : May. 243.' 5 c Spot
prices: No. 2. 24 Vic; No. 2 while. 25% c; No. 2 ;
Chicago, 251.4 c; ..11. 3, 23 1 '» c; No. ,-i white. ]
25c: mixed Western, 24 V;®25Vi2C; do white I
.and do white State, 2 j@2Bc
KKKP BKAX- 57 1/2^62 i, 2 c. • ;
MIDDLINGS— 67 I / *>(a6sc." Kye feed, 60@62y 2 c. |
Provisions.
BEEF— Quiet, firm, unchanged. Beef hams. dull, |
916 50; Merced beef steady, unchanged. Cut
meats firm, quiet, unchanged.
LABl)— Quiet: lower. Western steam. if.") 75: 1
city. .fr> 35: January. «5 75; May, 96 071 2 ;
refined, uuiet. continent. $tt 15; south America
$0 40; compound, $4 35@5.
POKK - - .ii :0.
BUTTEK — Moderate demand. State dairy,
ll'@22c; do June. 16@'2.c: do creamery, IS
($ m 2ic: Western dairy. ll(g,18c; do creamery, 18 '
(<*2sc: do June. 16A121V2C; do factory, 10(h 1 7c: '■
Kleins, .c: Imitation creaVnery, l-Kdilflc: roils. 9 |
(£I2C.
fcXJfJS— Much lower; niiite Uheral simply State i
Mid Pennsylvania, lHtg,'j'2<r. Southern, j9(5,20c: '
icehouse, 16 1 2 (<S-9c: do. per case, J4@4 25; SS est
ern fresh,' lß@2t)ci limed, 17(g>17Vic.
TALLOW— Quiet. City. «%c: country, 3%c.
COTTONSr.KD OIL— . steady. Crude, 24@
241'jc; yellow, prime. 2b@JSi/..c;do',off grade. 271 A !
( a27i. r . »
i.'i-in — Quiet. Strained, common to cood. 1
Si tin.: 1 621 i. h • !
TUJtPKNTINK— Quiet, 31rq,3] ' :,c.
Pi ITAII IE??— Weak; Sweets, ,*-.'"x.4 76.
RlCK— Firm, unchanged.
MOLASHKS -Fairly active. New Orleans, open '■
kettle, unchanged; choice, 27(g.37c. ;
COFFKE— Quiet. January. ,?13 60; March, 1
$12 9()igil3; .lime, .$ 1 2 3(><g.* 1 2 35; September :
911 80: October, Vl] 75; December, $11 :">((£
II 80. Spot Rio, dull; No. 7. 14c.
SUOAK — Haw, dull; fair refining, ! x c; i
centrifugal, 96 test, ; + c(Hehned. dull; off A, i 1 .,
©4. r 'f)c; mold A, 5V M c: standard A. 4"' 8 c; Confec
tioners' a, 4«ic: cut loaf, By»c: » cruslred, 5V B e;
powdered, sV*4<- ; gmnula ed, 4%@5c; cubes, SVgc. |
Fruit and Prod ' ;
CALIFORNIA Flit" ITS-Apricots-Ba?s, 10y 4 S
\ !t C.
PKACHES— PeeIed, 16c: impaled, i f'tßyoc.
NEB— Four sizes, f.V R §):,i,4c. , . !
KAISINS — Loose Muscatel 3 - crown, :i(s '
B Vic; 4-crown, 4!&4V*c; London layers. 85c(a» I
$.25. , - ■ - •
ALMONDS — Paper- shell. ll@12c: do, soft- 1
fchell, 9Ca9V2C.
WAL.M I; Standard, tsi«(g,7c; do soft-shell, j
fcl/zfelOc.
--i Quiet, unchanged; London market un
changed. I
WOOL— Fair demand: firm; unchanged. ;
M# i-.li:mi<l
PIG [BOX— Dull, unchanged. ' ' ' ■'.
COPPER— puII; nominal. Lake. 89 80&10
LEAD— Kasy. Domestic, $3. 1
I'LN— Straits, $13 25@13 30; plates
quiet.
MM.i.iKi;- Nominal. Domestic, $3 9034.
CHICAGO MAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, 1n.., Jan. 10.— The war spirit had '
thoroughly cooled down this morning and wheat !
under the altered conditions 0 e.ned weak and
lower with scarcely any buying disposition to tie
found. The Russian shipments for in-; uei-K were [
authentically given a) 2,416.000 bushels, causing
additional weakness, tortne reason that they wen
estimated Ht 800 000 bushels when th« world's ■
si. ij, incurs were figured on Tuesday. With the !
disinclination to buy 10-day there was also very :!
little press arc of. offer! a 1, the market In const- j
quence b"iire inasomewhai quiet state. Receipts;
wrse 62 cars hi Chicago ami l:-(t>.51Q bushels were
withdrawn from store. Northwestern arrivals!
were 052 cam. a ninsi 319 last Fr.d;iy nnd 197 it j
year ago. I.iv. 00. clll -■ were quiet and un
changed, lixpori clearances aggregated 341, '.-31 I
tiiishels. including wheat and Hour.- Paris closing |
< a. iles wore lower May wheat opened from "'< : sic '
to . : '9. r y^c. sold between -V,; ~ H <- and 09 ' r ■ closing »t •
fii - r .« a: '•■'.>'■< 4 r '/# (% vii.ii- yesterday, Estimated re- !
oeipts for to-morrow 53 cars. • !
colt -Opened lower and displayed no abl;it3' to I
recover later. it was merely a question of By in path !
with wheit and ii.i- weak i.-ess of the finer grain be
spoke the same fei Una ill the coarse. Keceipis
were 610 cars and 3b.H6» bushels were taken from j
store. Liverpool cables were quiet «nd unchanged. I
J-.xport aran • - wort; 446,896 bushels. May corn ]
opened al 23c, 1 lined to 28% c, closing at VB%c, I
V*c under yesterday. Estimated receipts for 10- j
morrow 510 oars. ]
OATs-Lowii quotations were established in I
oats simply through the Influence of the her ,
market. Only a light business was transacted.
Receipis were 128 earn tod '.'OOO bushels were
taken from store. There was a rally Inter in the ,
session, aborts coven freely. The close was a j
■ hade under yesterday for May. Estimated receipts j
lor to-morrow ISO cars. -..'•.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 92i,4@93c; May,
96V B e, Hecelpts were 35 cars.
PROVISIONS— Buyers In product were few this
morning and quite a time elapsed before any sales
could be effected. Prices declined from the close
of yesterday," no encouragement being obtainable
from the irds, where bogs were lower, n<ir from
grain," which was weak. The close was 10c lower I
than resierdav for May pork. 5@7V 2 c lower for ;
May lard and 7%c lower for May ribs.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— 57c; May, 698/ B @S9S4c;
Ji.lv. 6oy B @e:>i4c "
January, 263/ 0 c; May, 28y 8 c; July,
'-'ST/gC.
OATS— January. 17V 2 c; May, 19*ic.
PORK— January, *9 60: May, 39 f>2y 3 .
LARD— January, $5 47V-2: May. $5 80. '
January, !?4 80; May. *4 s?i ._..
MONEY — Was tirni at 6 percent on call and j
6<a7 percent on time loans. New York, exchange j
sold at 80c premium.
Lives' ock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lit-, Jan. 10.— Trade
in cattle to-day was slow and prices a verged 10c
lower than yesterday. The supply was light but
the ■ land was indifferent. Hogs declined 6c.
owing to the poor demand ana large supply. Trade
was slow. Business In sheep was light with the
feeling heavy. Lambs were lower.
CATTLE— Kecelpts, 6500. Common to extra
steers, $3 30fd.5: stockers and feeders, $2 sO@
3 80; cows and bulls, SI 75(£3 80; calves, $3 -6
(£K76; Tt-xaus. $3 60<*4 35.
Receipts, 37,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 8503 87y>; common to choice
mixed, $3 60(0.:-! 90; choice assorted, $3 75©
3 85: light. $3 65@.:1 87y ; pigs, f2 75(a)3 80.
SHEEP— 15.000. inferior to choice,
?'<: 26(£3 75; lambs, $3 40@4 75.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE,
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 10.— R. G. Dun A Co. \
will gay to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
Liabilities in failures for the first two days of Jan- j
vary amounted to $918,795, of which $240,407 I
were of manufacturing and $678, of trading j
concerns. Failures for the week have been 431 in :
the United States against 420 last year, and 53 in
Canada against 54 last year. The new year be- j
gins with such uncertainty that business is .
somewhat retarded. The proposed sale of bonds \
offers ground for confi fence In the future, but no
one is able to determine what its earliest effects
may be In the money market, and for the time it j
is a case ■■•. hesitation rather than hopefulness.
Speculation in products has not been active.
Cotton is unchanged, although the receipts for the
week have not been very large, but some slacken- :
ing ears in the foreign demand. Wheat is
about le higher and corn the same, without dis
tinct reason iii either case. Wheat receipts at
Western points were almost double last year's —
2,50, ,702 against 1,305,704 last year— but Atlan
tic exports were a little larger than last year, Hour
included— 2,Bß7,93B bushels, against 2."010,755 a
year ago. corn receipts are about a quarter larger
than a year ago, while Atlantic exports are about '
sour times as large.
The movement of stocks has been downward,
notwithstanding fair reports of earnings, which
show an increase of 8.8 per cent over last year.
The industrial situation has not materially
changed. There is much hesitation in the iron j
business, with some advance in Bessemer pig be
cause of the expectation that Connellsville coke
and lake ore will bo'.h be dearer, and yet finished ■
products of iron and steel are on the whole quoted i
it little lower and the nail association is still in ses
h!ou to determine whether.it will abandon the
effort to maintain a fixed price. '
That branch of business is extremely slow; noth
ing is doing in rails, and while there is a. rather
better demand for sheets and plates and. several ,
;;ood orders are reported lor structural works, i
angles are quoted a shade lower. Everything
turns on the contracts for ore, which are still un- |
settled,' hut the great excess in production of pig- i
iron ovir the present demand is no longer denied,
and ii is expected that quite a number <i the fur
naces will presently discontinue production.
In hoots and shoes the average of prices is a
shi.de lower. Leather is n little lower, but hides
are on the whole about 5 per cent stronger at Chi
cago with scanty offerings. The demand for boots
ami shoes falls tar behind expectations, and many j
of the shops nave closed for a time, Sales of wool
were 1arge— 6,699.300 pounds for the week against
5,235,71 last year, alrliongh a large par: of the
purchases is of a speculative character. The open
ins of woolen goods show a further tendency io
ward lower prices in spite of the prevalent belief
that higher prices would be realized before long if
the revenue bill which passed the House should j
become a law.
The cotton mills are generally running, though
not all with full force, and some are piling up goods [
without regard to the immediate demand, which is |
comparatively slack, as they apparently believe I
; that the short supply of cotton this year will in
j sure them profits in the end, as it has during the
1 past half year. Nevertheless goods have decidedly
i weakened in price, quite a number of changes |
| having been recorded durin . the past week.
| 1 lie volume of domestic trade indicated by pay
| inputs through the principal clearing-houses shows
■ the usual large increase of 14.6 per cent over last
J year, but in comparison with the same week 1.
] 18^3 shows & decrease of 13.1 per cent, Part of j
i Hi is difference must be attributed to the shrinkage
■ in prices, but there is also without doubt a con
siderable decrease in the distribution of goods to
iiual consumers.
BANK < 1. TAKINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. Bank clearings
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
January 9, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
-•'■ Percentage
Cities. Amount. Inc. Dec
New YorK 5712.426.737 26.12 j
Boston 97,108,913 60 ;
| Chicago 103,449,<<85 6.4 j
Philadelphia 83,274,744 26.0
St. Louis... 27,330,483 6.8
Pittsbure 10,086,379 23.0
Cincinnati 13.991,500 7.3
Baltimore 18,079.725 8.4 I
San Francisco 14. 230,833 22.4 |
Kansas City 1340,427 24.0
New Orleans 11,461, 4.2
Louisville 6,729,083 1.6
I Detroit 7.850.661 58.2
Minneapolis 8.273,258 4*.4
I Cleveland 6,295,228 8.3
| Providence 5,865,900 2.1
i Milwaukee 5,138.925 1.1
■ indianaDOUs 6,393,580 19.2 .......
i Buffalo 6.2U1.464 17.9
j St. Paul 4,483,493 17.8
■ Omaha 4,772.534 4.8
j Denver 3,376,298 I.VB
Los Angeles 1,499,872 3.7
Portland. Or 1.453.5119 17.8
| Tacoma 517,574 6.4
Seattle. 552,411 18.7
bpokane 494,400 20.5 ....„•
Totals U. 8 $1,235,662,556 18.6
| Outside of New York
City 523.2.5.818 9.8
.DOMINION <■'.- CANADA?
Montreal $12,782,1K7 10.4
I Toronto 10,315,913 38.3
| Halifax 1,687.130 35.4
1 Winnipeg 1,640.306 40.0
i Hamilton 904,831 11.6
Totals $27,050,41:7 1a.4
NEW STORK STOCKS.
! Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
J Shares.
j Money on call easy at 4(a6%; last loan at 5%
I and closing offered at 6%. . rime mercantile pa
! per, 7(aß • J-ar silver, te-'Vic. Mexican dol
! lars. 62* 4 c. Sterling exchange is steady, with
' actual ii»ness in tinkers' bills a: »l «7y.@4 87 4
for sixty licys ann St *83,;@4 8914 for'dertfand.
I Posted rat»R, $4 88®4 K9l/4. Commercial bills,
$4 -t; 1 44 871.4. Government bonds higher; State
bonds qu et: railroad bonds firm. Silver at the
j board was neglected.
CXOBINn STOCKS.
; Am Tel Cable.... 93V 2 : Norfolk 6 Wes . lS/ 8
I Atchison 143g : .Preferred 6i /3
j Preferred 2 North American... 4'
I Adams Express... l4o [Northern Pacific.. 3
' AKon.TtrreHaute. 56 Preferred 11
j American Expres3.l ll Norm western 9 " c /8
; American Tobacco. 79 I Preferred 141-Va
i Preferred lOOVijN. Y. Central 96
I Bay State in |N. Y. Chicago A3. L 11
! Baltimore <s. Ohio.. 3s | Ist preferred '.5
i Lrunswicfc Lands.. V« id (.referred 11
Buffalo. Koch ct P. 16 N. V.A N. 11.. , 177
! Canada Pacific... 5- 1/2' N. Y.»t New Knj. 46
j Canada Southern . .8 .; N. Y.f:usq<fe \V... B'/4
I Canton l^nd 60^'n Preferred 23-%^.
I central Pacific... l-4»/a ; Ontario. .. 71,,
(iiis. A Ohio i •■■., Ontario A- Western. 18
I Chicago A1t0n..... 1"3 Uregon lmprovmu 2]i/a
i Preferred 170 1 Preferred
! Chicago, it. it il — 7«V 8 Oregon Navigation^ IS
I Chicago AX. 111... 42 i.j Oregon Hbort Hue. 5%
i Preferred 95 'Paeitic .Mttu 26
; ChlcagOMas l't>Vs Peona. D.<fc Kvans. 'iVm
i Clevedi PittsburK.l6o Pittsburgh W pfd. 18"
Consolidation Coal, '-.Si/ a I'ullman 1'01ace. ..152V a
Consolidated <Jas..l4 l 1 /.^ Quicksilver is..
j c. c. C. & St. Louis. . -ri- r . h Preferred 14
I Preferred 83 Keaainc.. ;i
! Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 23 I: io(J ramie 17
I Preferred : 8 1 - Prelerred 40
' Cotton Oil cert l>. r ;s i:ock Isiana "'^Vs '.
i Commercial Cable. I.^o KomeWa AO^denllu "
j J;el. Hudson 1 J4I/2 L. «fc H. >V 414
i Del.ljickAWeaiernl r >9 : -. Preferred }•
:- Deliver. x. It. X, li ■.. ft- I'aul 673/.
Prefe'rrea *j 1 Preferred lJ:>i/ 2
I Distillers l.V',s-i. Paul A Duluth. 2 1 '"
• 1 h.-im Electric... n:-\\ Preferred...;..... 85
1 Kne iS"s/ 4 St. Paul & Omaha. JiVa
Prelerred ai>i., Preferred :...120
j lor Wayne lriO ,t?t. P. j\i. A m 110
; 1 ■!• Noraierupra.lJO 'silver Certincat.... 67
! Green Bay 1,2 i&ouihern Pacitic. • 'i.
1 Harlem.... 280 Kmuiern ±t. X BVs
; Hocking Coal -' ' ... | Preferred.; 25i/ 2
: Hocking Valley... 16 f-upar Kenuery....lO3. r^
! lioniCf.ak-f ...... -... ' Preferred. . 97^2
j 11 . A Texas Cent-. Iy, 1 enn. Coal & iron. 35 '", '
Hlino.s Central.... PI Preferred 100
I lowa Central 7-, 1 exos l'Hcihc . +7%]
j Preferred l'o TOI.A.A.A X.Mien.
; Kansas a Texas.. _ :»>: , 1 01. & Ohio Cen.:.. 30
j Preferred Ui- 4 Prelerred... 65
Kingston & Pern... .3 ,lol.«t.Louts A-K.a 6
Lake Erie & Wea'.n l»*4 Preferred. . 10
! Preferred 87«4 Union Pacific. A
LaKe Shore. ..;".. 18H ,U. P.; Den. A Uult 8
tonal Lead 25 U .S. Cordage... . 5
I Preferred S4 | Preferred '..'.'. »y a
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
I I.onclslana 8S i Guaranteed 19y 3
Louisville a- Nnsli. 43^ U. S. press 88 ;
Louisville JN'aJtCn. 8 0. 8. Leather 95/ 8 j
Preferred 17 ! Preferred 5h5/ 8 '
I Manhattan Consol. !'vv a L". S. Knbber 27
! Mempnis «t Churls. 15 Preferred 85V»
I Mexican Central...' 9 Utlca>fc B. River.. 150
1 Michigan Central.. 9f>y 3 Wab. S. L. &Pac.. 8« 1
i Mlnn&U-L — — j Preferred 15% i
Preferred — . Wells-Farco 95
! Minn. & St. Loom. 17 Western Union.... 81
I Ist preferred 73V' \\ is Central 3y 2
2d preferred 41 1 -, Wheeling &L. E.. 10V-
Missouri Pacific.. .. 24 1 Preferred 35
Mobile Ohio 21 y 2 Am Cotton Oil pfd. (!2i/ 2
I KashvilieChatt.... 66 AY U Beef 71/4
National Linseed.. 19' ' 2 L I Traction- 16
K. J. Central 98 Ann Arbor
<I. -'NH T,, N ,,«.
I' S 4b, rep iOSVi'JI X T2ds... . 68
Do, 48 coupon... Do, 45... . .. 88% I
V s 4snewreg.....llK 'Mutual Union 65... 116 '
Do, 4s coupon. ..llti N J cent Gen 65. ..113
Do. Vis 96 Northern Pac lsts. 11 4
Do, 5s 11214 Do, 2ds 101
\ Do. 6s c0uD0n....112i/ 2 i Do, 3<» 8 69
Cherokee 4s. 1896.100 -N on west Consols. '
Do. 1897 100 i Do, deb fis 107y 2 I
D 0.1898 100 iO & ls;s 105 I
Do. 1899 1.0 SiL&lronMtGensß SO
Pacific 650i'95.... si LA SF Gen 68.100
D. C. 3-6 5s 110 Paul Consols . .123
: Ala Class A 4 110 i-t. P. C. A- Pa lsts.ll 2
Do. Class 84, ss. 109 i Do. Pac Cal i«3..107
: LaConsol4s. Ati Hou them It. It. ss. 89
Missouri funding I Texas Pacific tirau 8;-i l /-i
X Carolina con 65..12n Texas Pac seconds. 111-
■■ Do, 4* 102 UiiionPaclstof96.lo4
!Fo Carolina 4V 2 5... 104 ! West Shore 4s .104V2
Teuunew;is 87 Mobile A Ohio 45.. H8
Vh funding debt... 60 I! OranaeWest lsts 72
]'°. J C dies A O 5s lO.i/i
Do, deferred 65... 5y 3 i Atchlson 4s 7".
; Da trust rcpts st 61., Do. 2ds a .... 21%
Canada South 2ds.. 101 Gll<£s A6s 104
«en Pac Istsof '95 100 \ Do, 2d 7s "*10(t
Den.fcßGlst 114 H & Tex Centss!.iO7
o '* B »4 I Do.con6s 104
f-rie Jds 65 Reading 73V' 2
Kansas Pa Consols 71 Missouri Us 100
Ivs Pa lists Den div!o6y 2
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Jan. 10.— spot market
is lower at 5s 6d. Cargoes are firm at 28s 3d ar
rived.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, 5s 4d; February, 5s 4y 2 d; ilarch, 5s sVid;
April, 5s sy d; May, 5s 53id.
SECCRITIES.
I LONDON. Exo., Jan. 3 0.-Consols, 106^; sil
ver, 30 9-16 d; French Rentes, loif 37Vac.
EXCHANGE AND BILLION.
i Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight." — 4 89
sterling Cables 91 89V 2
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, $ ounce — 663,1 !
I Mexican Dollars 53*4 53i/
TREASURE SHIPMENT;
The Alfridl took out a treasure list of 8147,482,
consisting of $145,090 in Mexican Dollars and
$2392 in Gold Coin.
- ■'.■ ♦
PRODUCE MAKKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— It is now admitted by both buyers and
sellers that, extra choice descriptions are remark
ably scarce all over the State. In fact, even those
districts that produce extra choice Wheat have
been pretty well cleaned up by the recent abnor
mal demand, both for Australia and local account.
These conditions have resulted in an advance to a
point considerably above the parity of the Euro
pean markets, and quotations are still slowly ris
ing, while the demand (or extra choice grades
shows no abatement. in affirmation of this state
ment we report a sale of 3600 ions extra choice at
SI 18%, deliverable at San Francisco, and li is re
ported on good authority that .$1 20 was refused
for 250 tons more. This pronounced rise in the
liner descriptions has carried the lower grades up ■
1 In sympathy, and the market for all kinds is stirT
: at the imnroved quotations. Wheat Is now higher
than for two years, at least, and shows no weak
ness whatever. No. 1. $1 14/0.1 07 V 2 ; choice.
.$1 083-i@l 10; lower grades, 90c@$l 021/2! extra
choice tor milling, 91 15@1 1834.
C.M.I. BOAKDSALKB.
Informal Session- — 10 o'clock — May— l4oo
tons, $1 07y 2 : KM). .51 07%; 400. SI 073 8
Recjitlar .Mob.ni.no Session— May— l2oo tons,
$1 073/2-
Afternoon Skssi in— May— l4oo tons, $1 07 V*.
Spot, storage paid — 100, .*1 05.
BARLEY— The market was easier again yester
day- ■ Feed, 6b3.ifd.7oc; choice. 71Vic; Brewing,
75(£82y 2 c; Chevalier, $1 10&1 20 lor No. 1 and
Tsi(o,)fl ji ctl lor off grade.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— May— 3oo tons,
703/ 8 c; 200, 70 Vie
Regular Mousing Session— May— loo tons,
i 70 Vic; 100, 703 c.
Air rsoon session— loo tons, 70>4c
: BCO. 70c; 500, 70'
1 OATS— Are firm at the improved prices, with
Blender receipts. Milliner are quotable at 76@85c
>ctl: fancy Feed, 85<S90e ** ctl: good to choice,
I 75@88c; common to tnir, 60f070c- Gray, 77y 2 (&
85c; lied, for seed, $I@l 10; Black, for seed. $ 1 10
@1 30: ditto for feed, 75f<S85c; Surprise, 9Sc@9l.
CORN— The market Is firm, but no higher. Large
Yellow, 87V*@8Oc; small Bound do, HIU.'clDQc;
While, >-J» ',■-;>(■ ft ctl.
RYE— 7s®Boc c - ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at 85c@?l ft ctl, ac
cording to quality.
I I.Ol'R ANI» MILLSTrFFS.
FLOUR— Very stiff. A further advance is more
than likely, considering the continued advance in
Wheat. Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 550366; Bakers' extras, $3 ib@i 65; super"
line. $2 40f§2 60 fj bbl.
CORN MEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19 50@20 ~H
ton: Cracked <'orn. 820 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-Ib sacks are as fol
j lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
; 2%c: Rye Flour, 31/4 C: Rice Flour, 71.,-; Corn
i meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, :'.',■••:" atmeal,
33/ic: 'at Groats, 4y c: Hominy, 4(n,4ij<jc; Blick
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c: Farina
4i/i>c: whole Wheat Flour, Sc; Rolled Oats, 4 >■•><••
I'earl Barley, 4 Vi@4i/2c: Split Peas, 43/ic; Green
do, 5 Vie if) Ib.
HAY AND lEKOSTIFFS.
BRAN— Higher again at $13 50@14 ft ton, job
bin;; rates.
MlDDLlNGS— Unchanged at $16@19 for lower
grades up to $ 20 60 f> ton for the best.
FEEDBTtJFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 ~$ ion:
: OlLake Meal at the mill, $21 ft ton; jobbing.
$22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
11 aY— The market is steady, but no further dis
position is shown to advance it. Wheat. .*>B@l2 50
--i Oat. Sfg,lo 50; Wheat and Oat, S7 50&11 60 *> ton-
Barley, if>7@9 60; Alfalfa, $6@o; Clover. i£G<g,B :
Compressed, $7 50@ll; Stock, $6t07 50 ». ton.
STRAW- 3S@Boc ?l bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Neglected, unchanged and nominal.
Kayos, $I@l 15 fj ctl: Small Whites, $1 25®
1 40; Pea, .$1 50(6)1 CO; Large Whites, .$1 15@1 30;
Pink, 90c@»] 10: Reds, $1 35@1 50; Blackeye,
$1 7.V0 1 B6; Red Kidney, $1 6A@l 75; Limas.
$2 4(j '_> BO; Butters, $1 tiO@l 7.1 %i ctl.
-1.1. D.-i- Brown .Mumard ouotabieatSl 95@^08:
Trieste, f2(0,2 v.O; Yellow Mustard, $1 40<«.l 60
-->lax. $1 7O@l 1 6; Canary, aV4®3y 2 c •% Tib; Al
falfa6V4@BVac ft it,; Rape. isji<gfjc V lb; Uemp,
4c >. It,.
ORIKD AS— Quoted at $1 2601 60 » ctl for
Nilos, $1 20(9l 30 lor Blackeye and $1 25(»l 57
for O'reen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— chance to report. Volunteer
New Potatoes, 1 1 ■_.((•■ i-"-. 4 c p. Ib; Sweets, $1 orj@2
j ctl for Rivers and 92&3 '25 '$ ell for Merced; Sa
linas Burbanks, t50(&90c «* ctl ; itiver Bnxbanka 25 i
(g)3sc * sack: Oregon Burbanks, 40@70c: River I
Reds, ..'lictlO'- t- ctl. W
I ,ONJONS- tUgher at BBc l * ctl; Cut Onions.
bs@76c 0 ctl.
\ ' KGETABLES— The few Ray Tomatoes left are
I hardly worth quoting. Dried Pepper? are quot-
Bble7@lOo ft U<; ix>s Angeles Tomatoes. 75c@$l
T*. box; i.neii Peas. 4(g,7c; string beans. lU®l6cf
Dr.edi^kra, 121/jjc; Cabbage, 60c ~t ctl; Garlic, 4
(g.4', c V Hi; Marrowfat Squash, $20 '$* ton.
POll.'lltY AM* GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is weaker all around.
Lire Turkeys, 11(g.12c for Gobblers and ll(o>12c
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 12%@14c; Geese,
ft pair, $1 r,Oia,l 75: Ducks, $5 50t07: Hens, *4©
6: Roosters, young. $4 'Mia.:> SO: do, old, $4fa)4 50-
Fryers, $4 f.O; Broilers, $4(g,4 50 for large ana
$.1 60 lor small; Pigeons, $1 50&2 a dozen for
young and $1 for old.
I ».-\M —Quotations show very little variation
Quail, $1(0,1 12y 2 dos; Mallard, $2 5003 50: Can
: vasbacii, $3@7;d].rlg, $1 50^2; Teal, *1 2S@l .'.o
--! idgeon, ? l(g)l 60: Small Duck, 76cwi«l ; Hare. 7.ic
! $1: Kabbits, 91 25@1 50 for Cottontails and 76c®
9J for small: (.my Ueese, $2@2 50; White Qeese
91; Brant. *1 25@1 50; Honkers, S3A4; English
Snipe, $2@2 60; Jack Snipe, $l(u>l 25.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS. ,
BUTTER— Firm at the Improved prices.
t'KKAMKKY-- Fancy, i.'7(a2Bc; seconds, 25@26c
ft 11,. • • .
■ I'AiiiY— Fancy, 25@2tic; good to choice, 21! y @
i 24c; lower grades, 18@22c. , • • . ; :.. >
! CHEESE— Fancy mill new, ll@liy 2 c f n,;
j special marks hiylier still; common 10 good, B@loc
V lb: Cream Cheddar. ll@12c; Voun America
1 1 .1 |2c; Western. ll@12c; Kastern, l'_'fg>l3c V. It,
1 GQs— Continue weak, with Increasing stocks.
* ancy F.asiern, 24@25c; cood to choice Eastern,
2 (g,'l*c; seconds, 21@22c; store Eggs, 21@24c;
! ranch Eggs, 25^,30c ft doz. **;• . '
UK IE.. I KUITS, KAI>.NS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Nothing whatever going on.
The following prices rule on the Fruit Exchange:
I Carload L,, is Apples, '_'i /a @3cß «■ for ((nar
j tered, :3(a3y 2 c V Ib lor sliced and 4i/i(§,sc V- ib
i for. evaporated; Peaches, i(g,'y .#. v,. and 2 $
I Cc %>. & ior fancy; peeled in boxes. 12@13c #
I D>; Prunes, 4c lor the four sizes, 6@6y» V Ib
for 40@50's and 6c y it for 50@C0's; Apricots, 73 2
@9c for prime to choice and 10(gHlc $! Ib for fancy
1 Moorpark; Figj, black, :<n ;>, ■ :„ ■> it, for pressed
and 2&2y 2 c for undressed: White Figs. 3y~@4c
'f. Ib lor pressed in sacks and s@6c in boxes; Pears,
1 7c $1 lb for evaporated halves, 4®«JVic |* Ib for
quarters;. PI urns, 4@4y>c V> ft. for pitted and 2 ® :
'ii 2 c forunpitted; Nectarines, s@fcic 1b for primo '
to choice and vy 2 c for fancy.
Jobbing Prices— Apples, 4@4y.>c: Peaches, 3@ j
4c and 5c for fancy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12y 2 c; I
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6@6i,.,e for 40@50's i
and 5c for 60@60's; Apricots, 6<g,9y 2 c for prime to i
choice and li;@llc for fancy Moorpark; Figs, I
black, i:: 4 2 c: White Figs, 3ffisc; Pears. 6y 2 c \
for evaporated halves and -Maiby^c for quarters; I
Plums. Hi ...• ■„(• pitted and l@lV«c lor unpitted;
Nectarines. 4@sc $ ft for prime to choice.
RAlsins AND DBIED GRAPES— Prices are
as tollows, carload lot-, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c f. box; four-crowr., loose,
.i-'-j,!- fth: three-crown. loose, 2l<jc; two-crown,
-(&2 1 /ic: seedless Sultanas. 33.4@4c: seedless Mus
catels, 2%@23ic; clusters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa
r s i" > $2 1O(«2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 60
@2 (5; Dried Grapes, 2y 2 c # lb.
. Jubuixg Prices — Four-crown loose. ,3c; 3
crown, (a.2i .„•: 2-crown, 1.%@2c; Seedless Sul
tan ns, 33/i<o;4c:Sfed]c.ssMusc!iiels, 2y 2 c; 3-crown
London layers. 85c@$l; clusters, $1 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, f 2 26; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried Grapes, 2i/,c.
N Chestnuts, 6@Bc <p Ib: Walnuts. 7®Bc
9 lb for No. 1 hard and 9@9y 2 for softshell, fob- i
bin:.- lots; Almonds, 6@7^>c lor Languedoc and [
81/o^lOc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 3y 2 ;
4c %< lb for California; Hickory nuts, s(abc;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
B®9c; Brazil .Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc %i lb; Cocoanuts.
$4 50(^5 V 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c ~$ lb for
bright and B<a;9c f lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, b(d:^/ 2 c ¥ ft.; light amber ex
tracted, 4i4@4Byic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2<&3c.
ni-:i->UA\- •*4...7 c V lb.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITsI
ORCHARD FRUITS-Persimmons, 40@760
box; Apples, 75c(g,$l for good to choice, oO{|i6sc
for common to fair and 51 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— DuII and unchanged. Cali
fornia ( ranges, $i 25@1 75 V- box for Seedlings
and $1 50@2 60 for Navels; Japanese Mandarins,
$I@l 25 %4 box; Lemons, $I@l 50 for common
and S2(gi2 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$6(&6 50: Bananas, $1(0(2 't> bunch; Pineapples, $2
@5 't« dozen.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— further change. Bacon 6c
for heavy, 7c for light medium, 9c for light. 10c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, liy 2 c 9 Ib; California Hams,
10c; M ess Beef, «7 f bhl; extra mess do. $8: fam
ily do, ?9@9 50: extra prime Pork, $8 ?. bbl; ex
tra clear, if 14 yt bbl; mess, $13 %* bbl: Smoked
Beef, 9V 2 @loc "ft It-.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6c %*
lb for compound and 7y.»c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, Slot; for compound and 6c for pure;
half-bbis, 4 c; 10-ib tins, 7c; do 51b, 7(d7Vic «* lb.
COTTOLENE-7c in tierces and 7%c ~? tb in 10
--lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AXit HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers,
7c ¥ culls and brands, 6c; medium, 6c; culls and
brands. sc; light,. sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow
hides, o<a,s VuC ; culls and brands, 4@4V 2 c; salted
Kip, 5c t* Ib; salted' Calf, 8c P lb: salted Veal.
6c: dry Hides, lOi^llc %* lb; culls and brands, 7i<«
7y 2 c; dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls, 6yaC: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins. 20(3)350 each; Kids, sc;
Deerskins,- good summer, .l!sftf3oc: medium. 15@
25c; winter, log 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@ j
20c each; short woof, 30(5,40c each; medium, 40
(£.soceach; long wool, (30®70c each. Culls of all
kinds, about i ..i- less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3S,i@4c; No. 2, 3@
3Vic; refined, 6 %c'; Grease,' -'-'■ %* lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: llumboldt and
Mendoclno, 7(5,9c: San Joaquin and southern, 3(g) j
6c: free Mountain, 6(a.7c; defective do, 4(g»6c lb.
HOP.-J- Nominal, at, 4@6c ■$ tt>.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— No demand whatever. Calcutta Grain
Bags, June- July delivery, $4 10@4 15; Wool Bags,
24(<526c. . . . - -V",
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 V ton;
New Wellington, $8 IS ton: Southfleld Wellington,
.$7 60: Seattle, $S(SB 50: Bryant, 96 50; Coos Bay, i
$5: ' Wallsend, *«.■>(): Scotch, *7 50; Brymbo, j
*T 50: Cumberland, $13 50 111 bulk and Sift iii sks: ;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ?18; Welsh An- '
thracite Egg. : Uannel. sß; ltock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 CO; coke, $10 50 in !
hulk and $12 60 "jft ton in sacks.
KICK- Chinese mixed, $3 2*@S 86: No. 1.93 65 !
fi3 7 •• extra No. 1, $3 91% 4 10; Hawaiian,
*"3 87y 2 : Japan, $3 55@3 60: Rangoon, $3 10 %* !
ctl.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Retinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crusheo, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, sc;
Confectioners' A.4-'^--; Magnolia A, 4S/ S c; Extra
C, 4i.4c; olden C, 4y 8 c; half-barrels, i^4c more
than barrels, and boxes ' ■■•• more.
SYICUP— In bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c i
* gal.
SAN i KAN CISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue very firm. Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF -First quality, sVn<j£tic; second quality,
4V.@sc; third do. ;ii 2 ri£4c %« tb.
VJh.AL— Large, Q@bc; small. 6®7c %i lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@t}i, 2 c: Kwes. 6c •-» lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. - ; yearlings, 7c ~$ !h.
PORK— Live Bogs, 33/j .!..'..„<■ for large and 31,4
@33.gu for small: dressed Qo", -1 1 -jj.oif) '-, c -gi lb. . : ,
RECEIPTS or INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour.qr. «ks 20,693| Pe1t5. bdls.._ 4,726
Wheat, ct'.s 72.5( 0 Wine, gals. 52,300 ,
Barley. ctl* 52,02 ti' Butter, ctls 74 :
Corn, ctls 275 Cheese, ctls 6t> |
Potatoes, ana. 1,302 Eggs, doz 1,380 ;
Onions, sks 391, Lumber. M feet... 10 1
Hmt,, Kks 620 Leather, rolls 72
Middlings, ska 220! Wool, bis 81
Beans, sks. 3H7(Buckwheat, sks... 80
Hay. tons. 355; Paper, reams 2,100
Hides, no Chicory, bb15...... 15
FAMILY RETAIL MAKKET.
Butter is rather dearer. . Eggs are . weakening at
wholesale and the retail price will probably soon
be lower.
Meats. Game and Fish show hut little change. !
Hens and Roosters are slightly dearer.
Fruits and Vegetables sell at Ihe usual prices.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
coal— r eb ton.
Cannel —(a 10 00 1 Pleasant Val 9 50@10 00
Wellington. —14 10 OOlSouthfield
New Wei- Wellington — (3) 9 50
lington — —raid 00 Scotch —to 9 50
Seattle 7 00® 7 50 coos Bay... 7 00® —
Castle Gate. 9 50(0,10 00
IJAIKV I'IUIOUCE, ETC.
Butter, fancy, "[' [Cheese, Eastern... 15@20. j
square —id 6o; Cheese, Swiss 20^30 ;
do, r 1 roll 5.Va» — j Common Eggs .26(a)27 \
do. choice 50(a. —I Ranch Eggs, V dz. _r«)35
Ordinary ao 45(§ — ! Eastern Eggs 25fcu30 )
do, Pickled 40&4 5 Honey, comb, i ,!b.l2(ais
Cheese, Cal -tols| extracted.... B©l2 i
MKATS— POUND. '
Bacon 10®17 Pork, fresh 12@15 !
Beef, choice 12(o,l"> i Pork, salt 12#15
do, good 8folO:Pork Chops 12fa.l'>
Corned Beef 8@ —I Round Steak B@lo
Ham, Cal 13516 Sirloin Steak... — [
do, Eastern 1:,.., —j Porterhouse, d0. ..17(^20 !
Lard 16 Smoked Beef —(5,15 1
Mutton B@lC Pork Sausages.... —@2o ;
Lamb B(S>12I  Veal 10©15
Spring Lamb 20(A — |
POULTRY. AND li.IMK.
Hens.each 50® 66 Hare, each 15® 20
Young Roost- Wild Geese, ea 25® 40 i
era. each 60® 65jCanvasback, . ...-.i m
Old Roosters, , a pair. 1 «o@l 50 ,
each 00® 60 Mallard,^, pair 75<jj) 8.". 1
Fryers, each... :-t5-a. 40 Sprig, t< pair.. 50® 6'J ,
Broilers, each.. 2r> ( 35 Teal, ft pair. .. 40® 50
Turkeys, -', lb.. I5(o, 17iU idgeon. «Pr 40@ 50 i
Ducks, each... 60® 75 SmllDuck.t* pr 'M<(n — j
Geese, each 1 50&1 75 Quail, ¥ doz... — ®1 60 ]
Pigeons, $ pr.. 50® 75iEnc Snipe, %)dz2 50@3 00
Rabbits, %< iir.. 35® 40,C'ommon d0....l 50@l 75
>Rt:iTH AND NUTS. .
Almonds, 'i? lb 12^15 Limes, f> rloz 10(S15 |
Apples, # 11, sfoJ 6 Oranges, » doz 25Ca)50
Bananas, %i doz... 5 Pears, t* tb 4® t;
Cocoanuts. each. . . 12 Persimmons, 1* lb. 6@ 6
Cranberries, 'r 1 qt. Raisins, V lb s«iils j
Grapes. t» lb 6(g;10 Walnuts, %i lb 15@ —
Lemons, 3 doz 16®20>
VKOETABI.B3. '
Asparagus, ft lb...2sr«!4o:Le.ttuec, 'f, ...15(320
Artichokes,'t*doz7sfaH 00 Mushrooms, "# 1b..25@35
Beets, >• doz 12@15 Mr'fal Squash,^ lb 5® —
Beans, white iSlb.2%® 5 Onions, lb 2® 3
Colored, 'r 1 1b...2y 2 5 Parsnips, t» a0z....15®20 ;
Lima. -f. lb 4® 6 Potatoes, "$, lb 2® 3
Cabbage, each 5(a.10 do. Sweet. "$, tb. . 4(5) 5
Cauliflowers, each. f>(a. 8 Radlshes.'y.dzbchs.l2®ls
Celery, $) bunch... ;"«: -'Sage, '?■ !b 25^y36
Cress, i?.dzbunchs.2O(ffi2s String Beans, V l»..15(a)2O
Garlic, f lb S,', 6(9 B Thyme, $ tt> 20®30
Green Peas, E * 1 a Turnips, r> d0z....15®20
Lentils, i* tb 6® HiTpmatoea, tb.... 5,a.i0
FISH— I'l.R POUND.
Barracuda.... (a —shad 121/2® —
Carp 10 Sea I lass —<a —
C* 4BBo .....12fo*-!smelts 15*20
flounders I0tol2;Soles. lt)®l2
J 'out — - Skates, each 10©12
Herring B(3l lo Sturgeon 12<S>15 !
Kingflsh — raiOTomcoil - (( i.'jo I
Mackerel -«« -'Clams, gal . — ®15 |
do. Horse — ®— Do, hardshell, "<$ ' 1
Perch loro: - 00 50@- '
1 omnano -.(& — Crabs, each. 12J3 15 ;
Rockfish. ißfia — Do, sofUhell, 'r 1 dz.25@35
Salmon, smoked. ..2o® — Mussels, f qrt 10(al5
Salmon, fresh, 12®1 5 Oysters, Cal.W 100.60® —
Shrimps *alOD"o, Eastern, ~& dz.25®35
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no particular Change yesterday ex
cept in Oc Identai, which run up to 96c under
heavier trading, several of the south End and
middle stocks were «!ao rather firmer. Private
reports from these mines were rather favorable
than otherwise.
After the afternoon board the market was lively.
Occidental ran dp to $1, Choliar to 85c, Best &
Uelcher to 98c, and so on. the whole list being
stronger.
The Marln County Water Company paid a quar
terly dividend of 76 cents per share yesterday.
The "First National Bank paid a semi-annual
dividend of $5 per share yesterday.. '
The following dividends were paid by local cor
porations • yesterday: Market-street Kail way
(quarterly) BO cents, and Spring Valley Water,
toan Jose Water and -Pacific Gas Improvement (all
monthly) 50 cents per share.
 Bullion valued at $1875 has been received from
the Mayflower r.ravel mine.
-•At the- annual meeting of the Bullion Mining
Company b3,49l shares were represented, and the
: following oflteers elected: Thomas Cole, presi
' dent; Charles Hirshfield, vice-president, and A. K.
! I. Harmon, Charles H. Fish an.l William Ban
: nan, directors. R. K. Grayson was re-elected sec
! retary.and his financial statement showed a credit
UmwKß- Daring the past week 10 tons of ore
i were extracted troiii the stope above the '-'HO level,
. estimated at about $20 per ton. South drift from
crosscut No. 4, 200 level, was extended 12 fee:;
face shows 2 feet of ore, prospecting from $7 to
*I.> per ton, a part of which is beiru saved. Mope
from crosscut No. 2, 200 level, continues to yield
some good ore. Have opened a slope above main
south drift, Bulwer level. 158 feet south of waste
chute; the vein is small, but the ore is of good
quality. - v .-. '
BOAKD SALTS.
' Following wer» the sales in the San Franclsao
StocK Board yesterday:
RKnn.ARWOTINTVTSVSSroN- COMVf KVr:I V » ATI: 30.
200 Andes 22,900 0cc1dnt1... 79: 300 Scorpion. o3
100 8e1c&er....29 200 80 100 s e 8e!.... 10
! 100 301400 0ph1r.... 1.46)300 S INC v 65
j 800 B A 8.... 90:300 0vrmn.... 191-00 Cniou C..43
550 Ch011ar....69 500 Potcsi ....57i250 44
450 CC&V..2.45 100 Savage- .-28 250 V Jacket.,4::
400G<fcC 47 30 25200 43
200 Mexicn...6l |
AKTKRXOON SESSION'— •!:^l.
200 AlDha 27,100 Conti.. ..1.10 500 Occidtl... .96
800 Alta 11:200 C P0int.. .'.'4:300 95
300 Andes ..23 100 Exchqr....Oß 160 Ovrmn. ...20
lOtlßi ii....92i100 G i C 491250 Poiosi 50
50 200 HAN... 1.30*200 Savage.... 3l
500 Ch01Uir....7.'>200 Justice. ...0.',j100 8 Nev 55
100 76 100 Mexican. .l)3*2oo Union C...44
800 I CV 2.461200 62 100 ■> Juciit...4(s
-00 2.50 150 0phir.... 1.451
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Sxaituh sn«i<l[nx-l'l:?l.
800 Alpha 2000 Con 1m.. 02 1200 0ccid....91
600 Alta 103000 03 400 93
800 Andes 22 300 C P0int,.... 24^00 92
600 23400 2&800 Ophir... 1.45
700 8e1cher.. ..29500 Kxcliqr.. .08601) 0vrmn....20
800 30 300 O & C 49600 Poiosi ..;..57
200 BAB 901600 ... 6H200 58
800 91 300 HJtN 1.27V' '100 59
400 921200 1.3U500 60
200 Bodle 40 200 ..1.32 V- 200 Savage. ...29
600 8u11i0n.... 19 500 Ju1ia...... .02 400 30
700 Caleda.. . .09 600 Justice.. ! soo Scorpion. .o3
400 Chaise.. ..3o 800 Kentck....O6 800 S lite M...10
GOO Choiiar....7 - / 500 L Wa5h....02 800 SNev 56
600 500 Mexican..6l 600 57
I 1600 75700- 63 1000 Hi 11 ..02
800 74 MuOOccid 78 800 Union C...45
900 CC&V... 2.45500 80 400 Utah 06
250 2.47y 2 ;400 83 900 V Jacket..43
250 2.f>U;1200 85800 45
150 Conn.... 1.15600 89 400 46
500 ON V 06400 90200 ...47
AFT X R .V ( >: > s rO V — Z.M.
400 Alpha 24500 Ca1eda....09 1000 Occidtl..99
200 25,300 CCV..2. 17 ' .. 600 1.00
800 27 400 2.50 200 Ophirl.47V2
300 Alta 11800 2.55 400 1.60
400 Andes 23 300 Conn" ...1.16 500 1.52 V.
500 25^000 C 1mp.. . 02800 Uvermii...2!)
800 Belcner... 30 2000 03600 21
600 B<t B B2 500CN V 08 400 Potosi 68
400 93 -100 C Point... 24 300 60
300 94 300 25 400 61
■100 97 600 Exchqr....oS3oo 63
600 98400 G & c 50 200 Savage.. 3o
200 Bodie 41700 61100 .... 31
j K'O : 40 300 300 32
1200 8u11i0n. .18600 H<£N ...1. 30 4011 35
200 19400 IJfe&OO 36
2008u1wer....1l 500 Julia. 10i)0 Scorplono3
400 Challnge..3O 2000 Justice.. 04 ! 500 s B«fe M...10
100 32 800 Kent tick. .OK 100 s JS"ev 66
-00 3MOOO L Wash. 500 . .. 60
1 400 Chollar ...73 300 Mexican..63 300 .. 61
600 74 300 63800 M Hi 11.... 03
200 77600 ;....66 ! 500 Uni0n... .45
600... 78700 Mono 06600 49
•500 ho »00 Uccidt1.... 941500 Utah.,... 06
500 83.400 95500 . 07
200 84 400 96900 YJacket..46
600 85500 98300 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 10-4 p.m.
Bni.Atkrd. •"••'- BlA.Ank'A
Alpha Con 29 28 Jackson — 40
I .Alia 10 12 Julia 02 03
! An<lf3... 24 26 Justice 04 06
1 8e1cher........ 30 31 bentucK. OB 07
! Best & Belcher. 97 98 Lndy Wasn.... 01 02
; Bentoncon — — 43 Mexican.; 66 67
1 BoUle 40 42 Mt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion 18 19 Mono 05 —
I Bnlwer „ ;0 12 Nevada yueea. 04, 08
Caledonia ; 08 lOiOccideutal 98 1.00
Challenge Coo. 32 34 Ophir 1.50 1.66
Cboliar 81 83 Overman 19 20
Con. Cal. & Va.2.55 2.6jjl'o;osi 61 Hi
Con. Imperial. 02 03>avase 33 35
Confidence 1.15 1.26 Seg. JSelcher... 10 11
I Cou.Si'ew Yoric — 06 sierra Nevada. 69 62
I Crown Point... 24 26- Scorpion 03 —
l-.aistS!erraNa» — 04 Sliver Hill 02 04.
Exchequer 08 09 silver King.... 20 —
l.urekaCou — " Syndicate 02 —
t>ould Ji. Curry. 63 641 Union 48 49
Halo it .Norcri.l.3s 1.40 Utah 06 07
lowa 02 04]Veil?w Jacket. 4,6 4a
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FIUWAY. Jan. 10-2 c. it.
UNITKD STATES BINDS.
Bill. Asked. jii<U Asked.
CS 4s c0up. .1071 — |U S4a reg...lO7V<i —
KIBOI i.i.an Korjra RON!)*.
Cal-ntCbless. 10934110 Do. 2d Iss 83. — —
CalKlecl.6s.lo6 108 |P &O Ky 65.107 —
CntraCW6s. — 10014 I'iVCh 6s. 102 —
! Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 iPwl-st.KR6.-*. — 116y a
, KdsnL&P 65.1061/4108 Reno. WlxfcL — 105
F&CHKK6B. IOSI/2 — KiverWCo6a — 100
, Geary-5t1155.105 106 IsactoP A 1,. . 100 10231
I I.OS Ariel- 6s. — 101 |SF*NPRUSBM)()ViI<)I '
Do,Gnted.6s. — 101i:..sl-KUAri/.63 94' 96
! Mkt-stCble63l2o 122 '.BPltlt Ca165..110 —
I 0ti55..1073 /8 108 i/ 2 ISPKHCiUSs.. — 971^
NevCNgKßs. — 100 ' SPBrRCal6s. 96 97i/ 2
N PCHK6S.IO3V2 — 'SVWaterts.. - 122
N U.v Cal 63.100V2 — |bVWater4s... — 99
XllyCalss. - 103 StktnG<tE6j — 103
' Oak Gas os..]Oii.{ — SunstTA.T6s. — 100
; Do. 2d iss ss. 101 V'o — SutierstKss. — 110
Oiunibus6s..llß34ll93/4 \lsalia\VC6s — 92
PacKollM6a_ — — j
water STOCKS.
: Contra Costa. 40 47' San Jose 75y 2 «6
MarinCo. — 49 53 |Spring Valley 97' 98
BAB BTtICKS.
Capital '.'s■:> — Pacific Light. 45 48
: Central 95 — Sun 1- runcsco "IS;, 717' v
j OakGLAH. 51 — I Stockton. .... — 21*2
PacGaslmp. 77% bOVi' ,
INBURAKCK STOCKS.
FlremansFd.lso — (Sun 66V3 —
COMMKRCIAI, BANK • -rones.
■ AmerßifeTC. — — London! 1 * A.1275i130
I Anglo-Cal... 691/2 62 ILondonASF. — 30
Bank of Cal.. — 233 Merch Ex.... 12 —
CaISD&TCo.. 57y 2 M Nevada.. — —
! FirstNationl.l76 IK2I/2' father B Co.. — —
; Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS
■ GerS&LCo. — 1510 jSavitLoan.. — 150
i HumbS&L.IOOO — Security — 255
• Mutual 35 4ly i Union Trust. — 830
! bKbavUnlon — 490 |
STRKKT RAILROAII STOCKS.
California 105 — Oak.SUfellay — 100
(ieary-st 60 70 Presidio 6 —
I Market-5t.... 441.4 4iy Sutter-st — —
POWDKB STOCKS,
; Atlantic D... 16 — [Judson.. —
I California.... — 93 Vigonu.. '.".'." 60c 1
i Giant .... 17y 3 18y 2 '
j M LI AN i ill's STOCKS.
I Alaska Pkrs. 97 100 OceanicSSCo — 20
i BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 _
i CalCotMills.. — - Pac Borax... 98 100
I CalDrvDock. — — A c Ida S Co. — 30
, Edison Light. 955/ 8 96 Pac Holl Milt 2Ji/, 40
• GasCon Assn. - — Parfl'alntCo. — " a
1 HawC&SCa. 8 Bi,4PacTran3Co. — 26
HutchSPCo.. 123,4 13i/4PacT<fc'i'Co 50 —
! JudsonMfgC. — _ SunsetT&T.. 40 —
! AssnlOO 110 lUnltedOCo.. — 25
i : MORnI.VO SK.H^t<)>t.
Board— 2s Hawaiian Commercial, 8y 8 .
1 Street— l2s Howaiian Commercial, 8y 8 ,
AFTERNOON -KSS-ON.
Board— loo Hawaiian Commercial, 8; 100 SF
I Gaslight, 71 ■«.,.
Street-100 Contra Costa Water, s 30, 44
■ REAL ESTATE* TRANSACTIONS.
Robert, Bright to Mary Craiir, lot on S line of
Pine street, 87 1. of Polk, E2sby 8 WO: gift.
Mime to same, lot on NE corner of Polk street
1 and Broadway, M 61:3 by X 101:6; $10.
f Gustav Friederieh to Frances K. Crane, lot on N
llui-of Sacramento street, 151 A E of Van Ness
; avenue. X 52:8 by N 127:8%; $10.
I Anna.M. and Frederick Oe.verndlek (or Overn
: dick) to Joseph Henry, lot on X li c of Kills str el
I 109 E of Van Ness avenue, E 28 8 by X 100- $.'>
Edward 11. and Alice K. Hanson to John D
lallant. lot on NX corner of Jackson and Steinei
! streets, X 37:6 by N 117:81!: .$lO.
Nelsaud Christine Wind'to George Nelson, lot on
! S line of Tonquin street, 120 W of Broderick W
i 37:6 by SU 12:6; $10.
James Keegan to .Mary Keesan, lot on x lino of
Clipper street, 152:8. w of Sanchez, \V 50 by n
:. also lot on (SK line of 'l ehama street. 425 "s\V
of first; SW 37 :ti by sk 7. . : also lot on E line of
I Virginia street, 160 Sof Main, 860 by E 100. lot
! 7, b ; 03k 518. salt marsh and tide lots; also lots 4, 5
, and 6. block 6-14. Haley purchase .\V of Hudson
I Tract; also lot on NW corner or Marshall and
Crsnt streets. N 110 by W 100; also property in
, other counties; gift. ... . ■
Henry I. limits to John F. Bruns. lot on NW
i corner of Pacific and Bansome streets, N 34:4y 2 by
I W B7:6; $10. "
- Occidental Loan Association vs. Edward J. Rey
; nolds, B. Sturman. Oregon Improvement Com
pany and Charles 11. Alien (by C. B. .Lauinelster
Sheriff) to M« Meyer, lot on s line of Jackson
1 t " > «> *SSOO W of Leavenworth.W 34:41. by d
Mathisn and Jeanette Meyer to William «nd
Etta McDermnti, same: $10.
Mary K. Wrlsht and Margaret W. Bowne to John
D. rallant, lot on SW line of Steuarl street, 275 SE
of Market, SK 45:10 by SW 187 $10.
El Dorado Loan Association to James J. and Pan
! line W. (TXeill. lot on V. line of Fourth avenue.
j 100 X Clement street, X 25 by W 120; $10.
Stanford Addition Land Company to Kobert Dal
ziel and William Mo ler, lot 45, block 130, Suiinv
side Addition No. 1; 910.
Sol and i)on\ Getz to Catherine Hughes, lot 377.
Gift Map i ; $10. ■, ■-:.'. ■•;.
William M. ar.d MaryK.de Wolf to James H.
Cunningham, lot 8. biock 13. Mission and Thirtieth
Streets ' Extension Homestead Union; 10. ■ • •
itehrend and Anna Joost to Ueorve G. Moron, lot
on. 12 line of Falcon avenue, 107:8 •- of Moss, .-5
26:11' E 88, X 25. W 97:11 I , , being lot 5, block 3.
Bubal vision 1, Mountain Spring property; $5.
i Golden Gate Lumber Company vs. Louise a
Fancher (by It. I. Whelan, Sheriff) to 0. H. Greene
wald, lot 2, block 169. University Extension Home
stead; also lot 12, block 332, O'Neil »fc Haley
Tract; 100. , *
AUMEDA COUNTY.
J. West Martin to Oakland Investment Com-
I pany, lots 1 to 15, 18 to 27, block A; lots 12 to 16, i
I block B; lots 1 to 3, block C: lots. 1 to 8, b ock D;
lots Ito 9, block !■.: lots 1 to 12, 16, 23, 24 «nd X 1
80 feet of lot 16, the s 15 feel of lot 23 and S 30 i
feet of lot 2f>, block F; lots 4 to 7, 11, 12, 13 and 9
20 feet of lot S, block G, Stanford Tract, Oakland ;
| also property described in de. d from Oakland In
vestment Company to j. West Martin, and re
corded 425 d. c !s. .58, ivin.- N of sub
portion of Stanford Tract, Which is as follows: Be
t ginning at W corner of pal t. 23, Uaucho V. and 1).
Peralta; thence along line between plats 23 and
19, NE 2662 to common corner of said plats to s
line 01 plat 17; thence SK. 813:9 to W line of
Pleasant Valley Tract: thence s\v 1669:2, S\V
814:9 to beginning, Oakland Township; £10.
Doralheu carlisch to Faniiic W. Clement, (wife
of K. X. '. lot on X llneol Webster street, 25 Sof
Kau'le avenue, S 5*6 by 101, lot 11, block X,
Shepharvison property at Mastlck Station, Ala- I
meda; $10. 1 •• - .
Estate 9f Louis Landler. . insolvent (by B.C.
.Tones, assignee), to Verbs Buena M. B. and" L. As
sociation, all interest in lot on s line of san Jose
avenue, 256 Eof Walnut, E 50 by S 150, lot 13,
j block P, lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $125.
T. J. and H. C. Carroll et *1. (by com miss oner)
to Commonwealth M. B. and I. Association, lor on
N line of Par* (or Thir.y-fifth) street, 702:6 E of
San Bablo avenue, E 75 by N 111', lot 1, 2, 3,
M.itch"ll Tract, Map •_', Oakland; ?-!662.
W. B. Mandeville to Vlctorine de Labrousse, lot
on W line Of Oakland avenue. 35 N of Moss
avenue. .\ 30 by W 126:25, lot 11, block 11, Flint
Tract, Oakland;. sloo.
J. 1-. Vogler to Margaret A. Vogler, lot on N line
of Park avenue, where same Intersects West
Horton street, dis'ant 2282 W from West San
Pablo avenue, N 175. W 133, 8 50, X 79:6, S 126, i
E 58:6 to beginning-, being a subdivision of plot 6, '
P.anclio V. and D. i'eralta, Oakland Township: i
also io on X line of Auburn avenue (or Forty- I
seventh street), 372 E of San Pablo avenue, X !
129:6, N -JOS, W 120:8, 8 206, portion Of lot 3, '
CORgeshall Tract, Oakland Township; also lot on i
line of rark avenue, 53:6 w or Morton street, W
63 by N 125, lot 2, block 25, Emery Tract, Oakland
Township; SI.
Mary .1. Veitch to James E. Crane, lots 2 to 5, |
block E, Broadway Terrace, quitclaim deed, Oak- I
land Township; $;'>.
William and Elizabeth Kirchner to Antonio |
Avila, lot on W line of Shattuck avenue, 126.24 N
of Merced, N 35. W to W boundary line of lot 14,
block B, Brnmagim Tract, thence S to a point
which would be intersected by a line drawn W
from point of commen ement and parallel with
Merced avenue, thence E to beginning, portion of
lot 14, block B, Brumagim Tract, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Hugh H. and Mary E. Dobbins to J. George i
Gardner, lot on N line of Rose street, 150 W of
Spruce, W 50 by N 127, block 14, Berryman
Tract, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $10.
H. M. and Mary S. Allen to H. Hauser, sub
divisions 1 and 2 of lot 6, bloc; 24, Daley's Scenic
Park Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Fred G. and Ella Weston to C. P. Kern, lot on S j
line of Jones street, 290 \V of Telegraph avenue, ;
W 60 by S 100, being portion of lots 12 and 14,
corrected map of Jones Tract, subject' to mortgage
for $3000, Oakland; $10.
' A. K. Severus to Eldri Johnson, lot 8, block I/, J.
| K. McKlrath Tract, Oakland Township; •s.">.
Pacific States S. L. and B. Company to Frank A.
Silva, lot 17, block B, J. W. Crawford Tract, Oak
land Township; $1600,
Laurent HuersteJ to Thomas S. Malhewson, lots |
1 and 2, block 40, town of Encinal, Alameda: $10.
Thomas S. Mathewson (administrator of estate
of Thomas D. Mathewson) to J. J. Farrell, same,
Alameda; $100.
Thomas S. Mathewson to same, same, Alameda; j
$10.
I J. G. and Thomas D. McCralth et al. to same, lot
I 3, block 40, lands adjacent to Kncinal, Alameda,
quitclaim deed: $10. <■ '-.':. ' •
John J. and Sarah E. Lyon (by sheriff) to H. T.
Armstrong, lot on S line of Slitter street, 140 X of
Lowell, E 40, S 16005, W 40, N 159.47, lots 5 and
i 14, block E, .1. E. McElrath Tract, Oakland Town- '
j ship; $1000.
Builder's Contract.
Julius S. Morris with John Maunders and James
Button, to erect a one-story building on the SE
corner of California street South and Second av
enue; $2200.
♦ —^^
HOTEL AERIVALS.
I . GRAND HOTEL. .
Mrs Parker Kan Jose J Humphrey, Portland
! \Y F George, Sacramento Miss Humphrey, remind
| S li Th'jman it w.Mex Cy !•' a Roy, Providence, R 1
s B Foster, Chicago J Cohn. Los Angeles
D W Hershev, Woodland Prof E S Vraz, Brazil
1 Mrs M Lansing, Chicago T G Reanus.Jaeksonville
I X Thea, Auburn B Slack. Sao Luis Obispo
Dr T I) Blodgett. Tulare John McMurray.Weavlle
s Poilu-mus & w.i Miss. l H Vvalted.Dunsmr
OG Woodward, Id II M Butler. Fresno
j J M Ough, Cal V C Richards. Cblco
• I, Aver, CaJ John Talt, Stanford
i !•: Hunger, Dutch Flat A Robinson, Gilroy
■ IV Flint, Sacramento E V Houseworth, Arbkle
.! X Roberts, San Jose 11 W Parks, Marysville
.1 1- CH sen, .Nevada City PA Daggett, Spokane
RT Foster, Boston Mi s Ella Smith, Peon
<> a Bowen, Olympia. I) M Watson, Portland ■
II T Holmes, Muss B M Holmes, Mass
T E Rich, Mass .! G Blake, Seattle
1 MrsM A Adams.Olympia C M. Hart tram, firayson
i .1 B Gardner, Los Angeles I-' X Mariner, Chicago
Mrs F E Mariner, Chcgo B V Hayden, Portland
XT Clark, Berkeley E I) Warren, Ukiah
W P McFaul, N V W H Galbraith. Ma Cruz
.1 ¥ Oevendorf, .San Jose A L Burbank, San Jose
M Rummelsburg, Colusa R T Devlin * w, sacto
J J White, Fresno C Bedford, Fresno
BUSS HOUSE.
Miss s Drew, Boulder Cx JP Milleri, Boulder Creek
A Lamonr, .San Jose F Dixon, Marble Valley
(i W Itoblnson, l'.lko J H Porter, Reddiug
'I 11 Williams, Ind W 8 Brown, Ind
C F Lerch, Ind .1 H Kill, Port Townsend
T Silva, Pleasanton J s ton, Pleasanton
J X Jones. Little River <; N Noel, Virginia City
E F Kennedy .Oregon Cy T Wilson, Ashland
C Scot!, Portland F Hartcuau <& w. Uiovllle
G McCloud, Msson.s F. I) Bowman.Gibsouville
Mrs Benton, Santa Clara W C Badger, Salt Lake
.1 s Grau, Suit Lake • Mrs N J Burnett, Eureka
E Toilless, Rio Vista .1 W Lunden, Boston
J M Stapp. Stockton A E I Hike. I>avlsvllle
X O'Grady, Han Mateo D S Benton, San Jose
W A Conulan. Stanford J 11 Gilbert, Coulterville
.1 Harper, Mcl rose J C iiaulin, Oakville
Mrs Cragbill, Rio Grande Miss Cochran, Rio Grande
a E Osborn, Eldrldge A Johnson, Usal
O Charles, Fort Boss A E Larke. I>avisville
a Robinson. Stockton W H Dunn, Yountville
E T Anderson. San Jose EG Ecgebard&w.Wnbgo
C P Clark, .Santa Bosa C A Cook, Watsonville
L B Seymour, Petaluma T Curran, Por.land
C .i McGowan, Anderson T E Mole, San Jose
T J Albright, Mono
'.-■ ' ■ LICK HOUSE.
A s Sanborn, Oakland .1 Hawks, Napa
.1 H Miller, Stockton J P Kelley, Sacto
J Bessenburgb, Oakland <;<; Mills, Olympia
XT Purser, Healdsburg F French, San Jose
J D Nelson, St Louis M Hayne, Cal
C.l Kellv, sono .a CO .1 I'helps, Xupa
X Sanderson, Merced F Farrar, Santa Cruz .
F Brooks He wf, Chicago Mrs W II Lash, Or
F Cox, Sacto J H McLeod, Or
.1 Sutherland, Shasta B X Block. Sacto
P. 1- Saunders, Salt Lake J 11 Page, Portland
.1 Bogers. Marin Co 1 Copeland, Uacto
11 B Seeley & tarn, N V
PALACE HOTEL!
R M Schoßeld, V A R L Benson, Chicago
R V Wilson, Kelmont £ P McC'ormick, Salem
AN Gilbert, salt -in A Ekstaus, Portland
T Hill. Oregon W .-. Hill. Oregon
Mrs .1 T Washburn, Or Master U'ashburn, Or
.1 L F.lain. Milton li Verrington & w.Carson
J 11 Fllckinger, San Jose H Claisse, Masatlan
J Sparks, Nevada B Wilson, Los ADsjeles
Mrs X U Young, L Ang C Henne, Stanford
Mrs M Martin, Stanford Miss <i Hunan, Hollon
B D Davis, Sacramento Fi* Dunan, Bolton
W B Fisher, Denver Bishop Morris.w&d.Ptlnd
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L L Rosenthal. Chicago T.I Crowley, San Bafael
.1 C Rouse, Antioch .1 Puller, Davlsvllle
J H Brown, DaviavQle W F Johns, Uavisville
Benjamin, Vallejo .1 Mitchell, Port Costa
W (4 Witter, San i arlos T Frawley. ■* V
A M Miller Jr. X V , Mrs I, sheperd. Chicago
H P Barker, Ltvermore WJlaedmaiKtw.l'onland
.1 Hae.in.an, Portland II A Schuman St Helena
E LeHinswell, Oak J Swart z, N V
II E Kent, Pacific Grove
NEW WESTERN UOTEL.
B L Pisher, Alameda J R Keelv. Alcatraz
M D llanlon, Boston C BiiKer/Chicago
A Hacketi,B;mr Alameda C G Payiou N V
tN- 1 ! 11 ,"- l>o " 1 ? nd Mrs ' ; rilllth <fi dr, Portlnd
[[.] ham, Colo c' ■■ (.'leaver, Springfield
W >. Baker, La A Firth, La
OCIA.N SIKAM,.K.S.
Dates of Departure h rom San Francisco.
'KAXIB. | DiSTIS'ATIOS j
SA l IX.
P I X It.
Arcata ! Coos Bay Jan 12.10 am 1 L'ler 13
Arnco. .... ■ 1:00s Jiav Jan 12.10 a Her 13
ABlanchars] t'ortland Jan la, am i-ierls
t.ureica — Rcwoor .,.. Jan 12. Pier. H
Homer Coos J3ay .lan 13. s mi Oceanic
iarauon.... i aouin* llav.. Jan 13. 61-M Put'
Pomona Humboldtßay Jan 11. -r>i Pier 9
Plate or Cai ; J'orilanl Jan 14.10 am Pi(«r24
bantaKosa.. ; San Die^o j.lun 11.11 ah Pier 11
Umatilla.... Vie I'gt Sml i .lh.ii 15, 9 a m Pier 9
J» - »i" Newoor: ...... Jan lii, J»am Pier 11
1 orn China*, Japan Jan 18, Spm i* m ss
C0r0na...... San Dioeo Jan 18.11 A Pier 11
«oliimhia... fortlana lan 19.10 am . Pier 24
Sl'hAMKili 1O AKRIVJi
<TI amkr | From " j" i,™
Peru j
11ine0ta. ........ |
a rcaia
Costa Klca
niatillu ■
State of Cal '
Homer.... i
bania Uosa.
City crt Panama
F itrallon j
Wellington.. ..
Geo W Elder....
Australia.
P0m0na. :.....'.. j
btl'aui i
Cur or Kvereti
North Fork i
SAactctnaw
Willamette Vai.
San Benito.. . . ■
City of Sydney.
Columbia.
Empire
Mexico....
City of Puebla.. '
Mariuosa i
Crescent City... I
Willamette.... |
Point 10i8iu,.,, I
Eureka. ;
Araco. . !
Han Bias:. ' .■; I
I Del N, in,.
China and Japan. nn 11
I'lßComa ! ; Jan 11
Loos Bay Jan 11
departure Bay...- Jan n
v ictoria <t I'uKet Sound ..Jan 11
Portland...., !.. Jan v
loos «ay ..Jan li
7, an Dleco I. Jan Vi
Panama ...lan V i
I Yamuna Bay .. Jan la
Departure Bay ..Jan IS
Portland ..Jan i 2
: llonoluln !..Jan 13
iHuinbouU 8ay.... j.jHn 13
Newport. '..Jan 14
i'anaoia ran 14
I H u m bold t Bay. ..Jan 15
V omox Jan 15
.Mexico Jan 15
racoma ..; • Jan 15
Panama .: Jan- 16
Portland Jan 16
Portland...-. ..Jan 16
San Du-50... ..Jan It;
Victoria iS J'uifet Mound ..Jan 16
Sydney Jan IB
Orescent Ci:v ..Jan 16
Departure Bay Jan 16
k^ravs UarDor ... ..Jan 17
Newport...; Jan ] 8
Com Bay .'.Jan 1H
I Panama ..Jan 18
liravk Marhor j... ..Jan 18
SUX AM* TiI)K TABLK.
p
. Lame.
p 8.14 a
.<>\V WATKR.i BUN. IKOOK. ■
Small. Larpf/Rises Sets Klscs
1.58 a! 3.47P1 7.25 5.11 4.5-lA
3.004| 4.3ttW 7.261 6.12 5.66 a
v
THE CALL CALENDAB.
JAXT7ABY, 1896.
80. :>i.
6 6
12 13
19 20
26 27
7
I
14
Tu.
W. Th.j *"r.
1 2 3 j
8 9 10
! !
16 16 17 .
22 23 j24 |
39 SO ISI I
Ba.
*:
—
11
i
i . _ i
€J-ast Quart
January '
<jrj>. New Moon.
*>&/ January li
Moon's Phases.
«
■
—
First Quartet
\2J January 22.
21
25
I I
I I
! I
Full Moon.
3D January 30.
I 28 !
IIYDIKHiKAPHIC IJULI.KTIX.
Branch HYDRnORAMIIC OFFICE., U. S. N. "»
Merchants' KxciiAvrjß. ! >
San Francisco, January 10. 189«. )
The time ball on Telegraph HiH was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— L, <•., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 f. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechteleb,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
.-nl.'-riM. iMjfcl.i.itii;M;ii.
Arrived.
FRED AY, January 10.
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, 69 hours from Newport
and way ports: pass and mdae, to GoodaU. Perkins
* Co.
Simr Navarro, Hardwtck, 6!5 hours from New
port; ballast. 10 Gray & Mitchell.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Dunham, 70 hoars from
Portland, via Coos Bay; pass and mdse, to Nor:
Pacific steamship Co.
Ital bark Casabona, Cuneo, 16;-! days from Glas
gow; 1760 tons coal, to Henry Lund * Co.
Bktu Omega, Barring on, 43 days from Junln,
Chile; 7455 bags nitrate of soda, to Hal four, Guth
rie & Co. •
Sciir John A. Hellquist, r>y 2 days fm IXumboldt;
432 M ft lumber, to Geo L Sweet.
schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen, 15 day* from
Kahului; 'J.V.'S baits sugar, 18 nicies. 1 bx mdse, to
Alexander & Baldwin.
Schr Mary Buhne, Ramselius. 6Va days from
Eureka: lumber and stave bolts, to Clias Nelson.
Schr Nettle Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes: 40 bxs butter, to J II N«wbauer& Co.
I JSchr Confianza, Vogel. 6 days from Hum
boldt; lumber, to San Francisco Lumber Co.
Clearctt.
FRIDAY, January 10.
Stmr Alameda.Van Otendorp, Sydney and Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels A: Bros Co.
stmr South Coast, ilansen, Portland and way
ports; 0 X A N Co.
Br stmr 'Afridi, Goldlng, Hongkong and Yoko
hama; O*O - S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka; Good all, Perkins
& Co.
.Stmr Mexico, Hall, San Diego; GoodaU, Perkins
&Co.
Br ship Cuthona, Munmulr, Sydney: Williams,
Brown it Co.
Br hark lnveramsay, Crombie, Queenstown; Kp*
lunger Co.
Sailed.
FRIDAY, January 10.
Stmr Alameda, Van Otendorp, Sydney and
Honolulu.
stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and Port
Town send.
stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
stmr Aleatraz. Dettmers.
stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson, Newport, etc.
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pomona. Doran, Eureka.
Strnr Mexico, Hall, San Diego.
Schr Eclipse, Giittonnsen, Eureka.
Sclir c T Hill, Rudback, Grays Harbor.
Schr W s Phelps. O'Farrell, Bowens Landing.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Lauding. •
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— January 10-10 px-Weathet
hazy: wind NE: velocity 20 miles.
Char
The brig W G Irwin loads mdse for Honolulu;
bktn City of Papeete, mdse for Tahiti and Marque
sas: snip Henry Villard, sugar at Honolulu for
Philadelphia.
The Ital bark Casabona was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, 27s 6d— Is 3d less
direct.
SpoKen.
Per ship Moel Try van— Nov B— Lat 56 B. loan
64 30 W, l?r bark Glenogle, from Taltal, for United
Kingdom.
Nov 10— Lat 56 30 S, lons 67 W. Brship Knight
of the Thistle, from Ccquimho, for Carrizal.
Dec 17— Lat 3 N, lons 116 W. Br ship Star of
Benga , from Santa Rosalia, for Anaphe.
Dec 29— Lat 31 40 N. lonic 134 W, Br ship Marl
posa. from Tacoma, for Melbourne.
.Domestic Ports.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 10-Stmr Whites
bom, hence Dec 9.
SaNTA BARBARA— SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr Scotia
, for Hnerieme.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 10— Ship Columbla.hno
Dec 29.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 10-Schr Comet,
: from San Pedro: Br bark Grasmere, from Astoria;
i schr Okanogan, hence Dec 28.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 10— Schr O 51
Kellogg, from Port Los Angeles; schr Gem, hence
Dec H.
VENTURA — Arrived Jan 10— Stmr George
: Loomls. hence Dec 8.
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived Jan 10— Brk Cbas
B Kennev. from San Diego.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 19— Bark Tidal Wave,
from San Pedro; brig Courtney Ford, bence Deo
20
ALBlON— Sailed Jan 10-Schr Be3Sie X, for San
Francisco,
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 10— Ship Yosemlte and
bark Wllna, from Departure Bay, for Sari Fran
cisco.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Jan 10— Ship Two
: Brothers, hence Dec 31. for Nanaimo: Ger ship J
h biscboff, from Antwerp, for Pucet Sound; bktn
C C Funk, hence Jan 4, for Putcel Sound.
Sailed Jan 10— Bark Columbia, from Port Blake
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Excelsior,
from Port LosAnceles.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan Stmr Novo,
hence Jan 9.
■ Sailed Jan d— Stmrs Rival and Albion, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Jan 10— Stmr North Fork,
hence Jan 9.
Eastern Forts.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Fiance, for
Colon.
Foreijjn. Ports.
YOKOHAMA— sailed Jan 9— Br stmr Hankow
for Tacoma. --..-.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 30— Bark Ceylon, fm
i Nanaimo.
sailed Dec 28— Bark Martha Davh, for San Fran
cisco.
To sail Dec 6— U 8 S Baltimore, for San Fran
cisco.
Movements of Tran«-.\tlantio Ste-imars.
NKW YORK— Jan 10-Stmr Paris, from
Southampton; stmr Weimar, from Bremen; s.mr
Bur^undia, from Marseilles;, stmr Norwegian, frm
'Glasgow.
i QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out Jan 10-Stmr Lu
| cania. ■
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out Jan 10— Stmr
Braunschweig.
HAMBURG— Arrived out Jan 10— s;mr Patria,
GENOA— sailed Jan B— Stmr Columbia, for New
York.
HORTA, AZORES— Passed .lan 10— Stmr Wll
helm 11, from Genoa, for New York.
DOVER— Passed Jan 10— Stmr Italia, from
i Hamburg, for New York.
1 importations.
COOS BAY— Per Alice Blanchard— s eds stave
' bolts.
Astoria— ll2 salt hides, 2 bdls pelts.2 pkgs mdse.
Portland— so sks glue stock, 22 pksi mdse, 48 cs
bacon, 9es lard. 25 ndls hoops, 1 cs catsup. 1 hbl
kraut. 1 bbl cider, 10 bbls wine, 25 cs books. 314,
sks potatoes, 11 bbls oil, 178 bxs apples. 27 ska
dried fruit, 10 sks oats. 39 tidls board-;. 9 pka rope
reels. 500 cs salmon, 124 . M ft lumber. 50 M laths.
SANTA CKUZ— Per Eureka— 3 bis fish.
San Simeon— 2s bxs butter, 3 sks quail. 6 cs eggs,
Ics dry too, is. 29 sks oats, 1 pkg mdse, 1 plow, 1
horse. 2i/ a b *» nan, 29 dressed calves. 3 sks aba
lones.
Cayucos— B pkgs mdse, 41 bis butter, 5 cs eggs,
46 dressed calves. . '.: >
! Ventura— ss bxs lemons, 70 bxs oranges. Ica
| liquors, 4 pkgs mdse. 5 cs eggs.
Santa Barbara— 1 bx oil, til pkgs mdse, 40 bxs
lemons.
Gaviota— sß sks crawfish, 10 hdls dried fish.
Port Marford— 6 pkgs mdse, d bxs fish, lo cs eggs,
i IS bxs butter, 7 ca cheese*
Los Angeles via San Pedro— 1 bx mdse.
Los Aneeles via East sun Pedro— 9 pkgs mdse, 8
i cs paint, 30 bxa oranges.
Hueneme— 1 bx hardware.
San Pedro— l79o s'- s (parley, Ibx basket* •
East San Pedro— 4l bis oranges.
Newport — 164 bxs oranges.
Consignee*.
Per Alice Blanchard— California Glue "Works: A
! Schilling* Co: Dodge, Sweeney* Co; Cal Wine
Association: Chas Hurley a- Co; E U Stevens 4 Co;
Fisher Packing Co: O A J Davis; Italian-Swiss
Agricultural Colony: J C Wtldlne: Prescott Co;
Leonard A Ellis: Jansi-n, Rose * Heney: Wash
: burn Moen Mi/ Co: McDononsrh * Runyon;; L
Engroos; Moore, Ferguson tfc Co; CC Pennell & Co;
VV B Sumner it Co. • . •
Per Eureka— L Scatena * Co: i: Ii Stevens & Co;
McDonough * Runyon; II Dutard; J Cain & Co;
CO Pennell & Co: c" X Whitney A Co: Waterhousa
A 'Lester: Dairymen's Union; Wilson & Baech tel :
California Paint Co: Dibert Bros: Hills Bros: II 3
Crocker it Co: Wood. Curtis * Co: Allen & Lewis;
L Spiegel * Co: Dalton Bros: J d<» Martini & Co;
' Dalie.mand * Co: L « Srcsovich <t Co: A Paiadinl;
C A Parkin : Gets Bros. * Co: •' Ivancovlch & Co;
I A Levy ,V Co: American Union Fish Co: H Dutard;
j Haas Bros: 0 Camilloni * Co; M T t-'reltos A Co;
Wbeaton, Breon A Co: Brigham. Hoppe * Co: B
Eean: Reluv, Woliers ■'. Co; Bass, Sanders * Co;
CJS Whitney A Co: Dodge. Swwiw * Co: FI rl
& Co: Martin, Feuslerdt Co; II Hwkmati ACo: J
Schweitzer* Co; Norton, Teller A Co: Pac Coast
Fish co: Witzel * Baker; H NTilden & Co: J Mel
zer* Co: J Hoffman; -Kilmer. Bredhor? A Schulz-
Cal Bottling Co: Standard Oil Co; O B Smith <fc Co;
Ross it Hewlett; De Bernardl * Co; L Gendotti:
Kowalsky * Co; L D Stone Co: Gould A Jaudin;
Chas Montgomery «£ Co- Campodonlco it Malcolm •
Levl, Strauss* Co; Baker* Hamilton: .1 11 Kes
sins: H Klrchmann * Co: Marshall, Teggart A Co
-1 C Nauman; Hammond * Brod; Western Meat Cos
j 8 H Frank & Co: J II Schwartz; V M VergUlo
-1 liHlmiiiNim iii ill I
For Lot-- >' genet Src. Siftfnth Page,
P OFFICE FURNITURE
. AND FIXTURES.
C- F. WEBER & CO.,
300 to 806 Post St., cor. StocktonInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
A CARELESS OMISSION
An Important Question Affecting
Every County in the
State.
NO MONEY FOR REGISTRATION.
The New Great Register Must Be
Compiled by the Clerk Without
Extra Help.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
Broadway, Jan. 10. \
The supervisors r-nd County Clerk of
Alameda County made a discovery to-day
will prove of unusual interest to
ev< ry county in the State. Unless a way
cun bejfound to circumvent what is claimed
a careless omission in the county gov
ernment act passed by the last Legislature,
. Jordan will have to get out a new
preat register without any financial help
the county such as has been supplied
in the past.
I revious to the meeting of the last Leg
islature the county always caid for re
rocistration independent of the appropria-
Eor the County Clerk's oHice. This
lone under sectio:i 1113 of the Politi
(al Cede of California. The last Legisla
ture repealed the section and while out
lining the duties of the clerk made no
1 rovision for assistance.
"Ti. - that I can purge the Great
Register of all names on it that did not
■V'.>u-;i: the last election," said Cleik Jordan
to-day. "The poll lists have not been
i urned, as usual, but were preserved by
.< rk for just such an emergency as
has arisen. There are about 8000 names
that need to be taken off the register,
I. ere I am met with another
difficulty, Suppose the election boards
did not do their duty and mark
their lists correctly, how aru I to Know
whether certain parties voted or not?
The Supervisors have ordered a new great
•r and it is my duty to get it out,
bey have made and cannot make any
appropriation for the work. lam in doubt
wliethei to start out to make an entire
rapon or to purge the existing one.
I see for an appropriation
is in the Election Commission bill.
"This authorizes the Supervisors to con
te themselves an election board and
to certain matter?. Next Mon
day we will make a test case. Ttie Super
visors will appoint a deputy to assist on
th«- great register, and after a few days he
will pres n a warrant, which the Auditor
will • sign. He will then be man
and the case will go to the
1 ourt. If the election law v de
. there is no hope of help,
••if the citizens will only appreciate the
ion and begin to register now it will
• bo hard, as we have seven and a
half months in which to do the work. It
rly an oversight in the new law, but
remedy for it before the meet
ing of the next Legislature."
I.rtdy K«litor.< .Named,
OAKLAND, Cat... Jan. 10.-The ladies'
i the Oakland Enquirer on Wash
g\ m's birthday is to be under the gen
eral supervision of an executive committee
sting of Mrs. > C. Sanford, Mrs. M.
.-v Bartlett, Mrs. Lv.li.t A. IVescott, Mrs.
- I and Mrs. 8. C. Horhind.
The editor-in-chief is to be .Mrs. Alice
Sleeker, a lady highly educated and one
exceptional literary am'lity.
iU'>r will be Mrs. S. C. Borland,
who will hand c the staff in an energetic
Mrs. Olive K. Gifford is to be the
iger, and is a lady in every
wi y qualified to take the position. Mrs.
Henri Fairweatber, a well-known musical
lady, will be the musical and dramatic
critic. The other appointments have not
yet been made.
Andrew*' Victim Dies.
OAKLAND. Cai.., Jan. 10.— Thomas
Lamb, the ex-convict, who was shot
Monday forenoon by Officer Lee
Andrews while attempting to escape after
I ' -i ed under arrest, died at tne Re
_■ Hospital shortly before 2 o'clock
this afternoon. The cause of death was
peritonitis, induced by tne action of the
• I upon the intestines.
Cbief of Police Lloyd was notified of the
but saw he would take no action.
The Coroner will hold an inque-t. The cir
•ancer- will be fully gone into before
him and it will devolve upon the jury to
lir.il as to the shooting. Officer Andrews
feels keenly the result of his shot, but in
sists he only d:d his duty and only after
repeated warnings.
Had Senator Moffltt's Charm.
OAKLAND, <"v... Jan. 10.— Officer Keefe
arrested Michael Gizer and Fred Wagner
at an early hour this morning. Gieer waa
tup.uKh Wagner's pockets when the
officer appeared on the soene.
A smull watch charm was found on
Gizer en raved "F. .!. Moffltt, Aug. 17,
1871, Oakland, Cal." It is made from the
metal of the old City Hall hell after it
went through the tire, and was given him
by his father some twenty years ago. The
Morh'tt residence was robbed something
like a year ago, and it. is supi o^ed the
trinket was tatcen at that time. Gizer says
he found it at Redwood Peak.
Troubles of the Bacons.
OAKLAND. Cai.., Jan. 10. — Some
months aL-o Mrs. Mamie C. Bacon com
menced action against her husband for
ort and maintenance of herself and
the family, consisting of several children.
Bacon was charue l with having deserted
his wife and left her without any means of
support. Her attorneys to-day "ca.ised the
suit to be dismissed without prejudice.
>.'n reason is assigned.
The Bacons an; heirs of ihe late Henry
P. Bacon, the wealthy Oakland capitalist.
The estate is in the bands ol a corporation
known as ihe Bacon Land and Loan Com
pany, composed of the heirs. Frank
Bacon, the defendant, is the head of the
company, and resided in the old residence
of ex-Governor Haight in Ahimeda.
The Kbell Society.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Jan. 10.-The Ebell
y gave another session to consider
ing what is necessary to the prosperity of
Oakland to-day. M^rs. W. A. Jacobs had
charge of the meeting, and was aoly as
sisted by Miss Mollie Conners, who read a
! ti er on ■Some Elements of Success,"
Dr. Myra Knox on "Streets of Oakland,"
Hi ia Nary Lambert on "Oakland's Public
.Mrs. J. G. Lemmon on ' Public
.Mrs. H. (t. Thomas on "Musical
; i," Mrs. G. W. Bunnell on "Oak
laud :is a Port of Entry," Mrs. D. W. Gel
wicks on "Artistic Oakland" and Miss S.
W. Horton on "Immaterial Prosperity
Necessary to Material Prosperity."
Theobald Muut Pay.
OAKLAND. CAI*, Jan. 10.— The first
steps to collect the judgment of $150
against Robert W. Theobald have been
made. He was convicted of criminal libel
three yrars ago when at the head of the
Humane Society and fined $150. He ap
pealed and the lower court was sustained,
but nothir.g has ever been done to secure
the money. Theobald's libel consisted of
charges that Dr. Carpenter was a fre
quenter of resorts along the San Leandro
road that were disreputable. No one in
authority seems to know why Theobald
has been allowed to disregard the judg
ment of the Police Court.
Jke Bottomly's Plan Fulled.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 10.— Isaac Bot
tomly.whois serving a sentence of 175 days
for being a princinala at dog-fight, made an
attempt to get free to-day, but failed. He
was sentenced October I*s, 1895, by Justice
Clift. A writ of habeas corpus was sued
out to-day and made returnable b a fore
Judge Greene at 2 o'clock. Bottomly
alleged that the law under which be was
convicted was unconstitutional. After
the hearing he was remanded to jail.
A Chinese Tramp.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 10.— Ah Lee was
brought to the County Jail to-day charged
with sleeping out. He had <»n seven
blouses, three pairs of trousers, two suits
pi underclothing and three pairs of socks.
He has the honor of being the first Chinese
tramp ever arrested in the county. He
says, "Me no have money; me no work;
me no care."
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland office San Francisco Call, (
908 Broadway, Jan. 10. S
A. Malmoro is the first scavenger caught with
the cover of his wagon up. He was taken into
custody this afternoon.
The prelirainnry examination of John Ber
zial for the snooting of Richard Foley will take
place in I'leasanton to-morrow morning at
10:30 o'clock.
The change ramie in the meeting night of
the Merchants' Exchange will not take effect
1 until next week. The next nieetiiisr will be on
Friday, the 17th.
The Oakland Consolidated is planning to ex
tend its lines to North Berkeley. The expen
diture* upon the extension will reach $150,000.
Both brunches will be independent of each
other.
An attachment lor $3500 was placed to-day
npon the new hospital of J>r. Myles .Taylor at
Tnirtieth street and Telegraph avenue. If. N.
Glenn levied the attachment, which was served
by Deputy sheriff Will White.
It lias been finally decided that the mock
trial ni Uncle George Bromley, which was
originally set for .January 17, shall take place
on the loth, and the Maodonoueh Theater has
been rented for the evening of that day.
Charles A. Fuller of this city haR been sued
for divorce by Clara H. Fuller, who claims her
husband deserted her in Vernon, Conn., in
August, 1892. They were married in 18S3.
The suit was brought this month in Yernon.
The Coroncr'fi jury in the case of Henry
Leitsens, the aged German who was found
detiil in his bed at his home at Seventh t^reet
and Dwight way in West Berkeley, found that
death was caused by general debility, due to
old age.
A contract has been placed on record by
which Niehaus Brothers of Berkeley are to sup
ply the millwork for the grand stand of the
Calfornia Jockey Club fit the Oakland trotting
park for $3100. The work is to be completed
in sixty days.
John A. Logan Circle No. 5, Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic, will hold a picnic
installation on Tuesday evening, January 14,
in the new hall, corner of Clay and Eleventh
streets. The ladies will have with them the
department president, Mrs. Eva J. French, and
Past Department President Sister Anderson.
In response to a call from Chairman Mnuta
len there will be a meeting in Judge Allen't,
courtroom, at the southeast corner of Eighth
and Broadway, to-morrow afternoon at '2
o'clock, of the Republican County Central
Committee, when another attempt will be
made to determine who will act as chairman
of the organization.
Since the first of January the East Oakland
electric railroad has been run by power from
the Piedmont road. At that time the power
house oi the comp any was shut down, not to
be used any more. Mr. Yandercook says that
it will be cheaper for the company to buy
power from corporations which have to manu
facture large amounts of it than to maintain a
power- house.
HARMONY IN THE FORCE
Police Officers Aie Warned
Against the Dangers of
Gossiping.
The Record for Raiding All Kinds
of Gambling Dens Broken by
Chief Lloyd.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 10. J
The instructions given to the Police De
partment yesterday and the closing of the
rehearing of the charges against Officer
McCloud have had a marked effect on the
officers, and Cnief Lloyd anticipates* no
iurther trouble. For more than three
months outside influences have been at
work and every attempt possible has been
made to drag politics into the depart
ment and the department into politics.
This was made very manifest during the
reht-aring of McClouu, and to a smail ex
ent it has served to create a feeling of un
rest among certain officers of the force.
Chief Lloyd was asked to-nierht if his in
structions to the officers were of such a
nature as to lead them to suppose that
several of them were in danger.
"Nothing of the kind was mentioned,"
said the Chief, "and any such report is
false. Now that the rehearing of McCloud
has been concluded, there is perfect har
mony among the force, both the patrolmen
and their superior officers. A great deal
has been reported about this department
that is not true and not just to those con
cerned. It has all come from the outside.
1 am convinced both Captains Wiison and
Fletc er are thoroughly reliable and I
have confidence in the individual mem
bers. While I cannot tell you what I said
to the men confidentially, I did tell them
very definitely that all eotsip in the de
partment must cease. I '-autioned each
man not to discuss the merits or demerits
of his brother officers and told them that
no one need have the least fear if he sim
ply did his duty. A great deal of tne
opposition to the department has come
from the element who have no regard for
the law. Tbe record for the past three
months shows that more raids have been
made on all sorts of gambling and lottery
dens than ever before in the history of tue
department.
"It has not been restricted to Chinese by
any means. We have brought In dozens
of colored and white folks, and those that
liave not confessed their crime by forfeit
ing their bail have almost invariably been
convicted.
"I am convinced that every officer is
anxious to maintain the dignity of the de
partment, although I am meeting with
opposition in quarters from which I
should expect help. I believe the force is
more efficient to-day than it has been for
years."
Captain Fletcher's testimony at the re
hearing was not correctly reported yester
day and it placed him in a lalse light. "I
said there was a division in the depart
ment," said Captain Fletcher, "but I said
it was not against the Chief. Bo long as
Chief Lloyd has been in office I have never
once heard a word against him from any
one- The division could be better de
scribed by the man who asked me than by
me. I have been on this force many years,
and it was never more active than it is
to-day."
I'ire in a Coffee Concern.
A small fire occurred early last evening In
the three-story brick buildine at 139 Natoma
street. It broke out in the joists of the floor
between the shoe factory of Herman L. Lesser
&. Co. and the coffee-roasting establishment of
A. I*. Adams & Co., doing a little damage by
smoke to the coffee in the. latter concern, but
nothing to speak of in Lester ifc Co.'s. Alto
gether the damage did not amount to over
$lUO owing to the promptitude of the Fire De
partment and the tire patrol. The alarm was
turned in from box 201, corner of First and
Mission streets.
'•Trundling the Trolley."
The warm weather of the past few days has
served to keep the boats at the water chutes
on Haigbt street busy afternoon- and evening,
and until half-past 10 every night the bril
liantly ilium nated grounds are well patron
ized. Tomorrow afternoon two wonderfully
strong men— ll oil um, called the "cannon
king,' 1 and Augustine Martinez, a phenom
enul lifter of heavy weights— will give an ex
hibition of strength. A sport new to the
Pacific Coast, dubbed "trundling toe trolley,"
will also bo inaugurated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
FOR HIS PET PLANTATION
Professor Hilgard Objects to a
Driveway Being Made
Through It.
AND HE GIVES HIS REASONS.
But Other Prominent Residents Want |
the Improvement— The Special
Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 10.— Professor j
Hilgard, head of the department of agri
culture at the university, strenuously ob- i
jects to the making of a driveway through j
his plantation according to the plan of j
Regent Reinstein and Superintendent Me- !
Laren of Golden Gate Park. He protests
against the conversion of the center of his
long-cherished experimental garden into a j
tramway for butcher carts and bakery !
wagons, for I c saya it will be many years j
before the population of Berkeley has in- |
creased sufficiently to justify the making j
of such a passageway for the accommoda
tion of those who desire to pass through
the grounds in their carriages. "A vastly ;
greater majority," says he, "of those who |
come to the buildings from the local trains !
and from the eastern part of t:,e town near i
the old entrance, do so on foot, and will j
PROFESSOR HILGARDS AGRICULTURAL GARDENS. THROUGH WHICH HE
OBJECTS TO HAVING A ROADWAY MADE.
continue to do so until Berkeley has
reached that stage of advancement when
cabs and carriages are common conven
iences. But back of all this is the idea
that the making of a roadway from Cen
ter street to the football grounds means
the spoliation of the garden which he has
been seventeen years in developing. His
corn patch was cut up once before, and to |
have a second break made in the progress
of his experiment*- with cereals and garden
truck is more than he is willing to submit
to without tirst having entered a protest.
And this protest he has registered with the
committee on buildings and grounds.
Many of the most prominent and influ- |
ential citizens of Berkeley, especially those
living to the we°-t of the university
grounds, are highly indignant at tho idea
of not having the proposed driveway.
They say that the original plan for a 80
--foot V-shaped entrance to a 45-foot road ia
just what was needed to make an imposing
approach to the buildings. They claim
that it is the natural entrance to the
campus, and that when the walks and
drives are laid out on the gentle western
slope in front of the buildings, and the
beds are green with grass and trees and
flowers, the sight cannot be fully appre- ;
ciated unless the approach is from the
western quarter of the grounds. They say,
further, that the digging up and trans
planting of a few agricultural specimens '•
ought not to stand in the way of a perma
nent Improvement to the grounds and a
source of lasting accommodation.
The Special Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 10.— The ord
inance calling the special elections for
school and wharf bonds was finally passed
upon at an adjourned meeting' of the
Town Board last night. The passage of ;
this measure is the last step to be taken in
the matter by the Trustees, and the issues
are now before the people of Berkeley.
Should the measures carry an ordinance |
will be at once passed authorizing the is- j
suance of bonds.
Inquiries have have already been made
by prospective purchasers of bonds.
President of the Board Richards stated j
last night that hf had every reason to be
lieve that the3 r will sell for a premium.
The Ordinance Committee proposed sev- j
eral minor changes in six of the town ord- I
inances, and suggested the reprinting of j
them in book form.
Progressive Club Movements.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 10.— The West
Berkeley Progressive Club unanimously j
decided at its meeting last night to sup
port Trustees Durrell and Hoft in their en
deavors to open up Sixth street. This
thoroughfare is one of the most populous |
in West Berkeley, and the clv b believes !
that an electric road will undoubtedly be !
built along that street in connection with
the San Pablo system as soon as a through
passage way is made. The club elected |
the following officers for the ensuing i
term: President, Charles Hartley; vice
president, James Paine; secretary, W. K.
Dickieson ; treasurer, C. Hoff ; serjeant
at-arms, Fred Rawson.
The Baseball Season.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 10.—Immedi
ately alter the opening of the spring term
at the University of Cal ifornia, which will
he next Monday, plans will be outlined for
the coming baseball season. Captain
Johnson of the '!«; Varsity team will be in
Berkeley on Monday, and together with
Professor Clapp and Manaeer Friend will
arrange for the forthcoming series of Inter
class games for the silver cup. won last
year by tbe class of '98.
Later in the season will come the games
with the Atliliated Colleges and with Stan
ford.
Lecture by Professor Leutchner.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 10.— Professor
Armin 0. Leuschner of the department of
astronomy and geodesy at the university
will lecture in the library building of the
Mechanics' Institute of San Francisco to
morrow evening. His topic will be "Some
Recent Advances in Astronomy."
IN THE AID OF CHABITY.
Annual Keport of the Alameria German
Ladies' Belief Society.
ALAMEDA, Cat.., Jan. 10.— The German
Ladies' Relief Society has published its
annual report. This shows that the so
ciety had cash on hand at the beginning of
the year to the amount of $42U 47. There
was received during the year in fees and
contributions $833 83. The amount ex
pended in charity was $601 05, leaving a
balance on hand of $650 t>s. There is a
membership of 115 ladies.
The following officers have been elected
for the new year: President, Mrs. Th.
Helmken; vice-president, Mr 3. T.Ansel;
secretary, Mrs. F. Fiala; treasurer, Mrs. L.
Rascheu( re-elected). Mrs. L. Oesterreicher,
the retiring president, received a vote of
thanks for her untiring efforts in the so
ciety's behalf.
£iection of Officers.
ALAMEDA, Gal., Jan. 10.— The follow
ing lodge elections have taken place: Sun
set Encampment of Odd Fellows— Past
chief patriarch, Peter Jorgenson; high
priest, (J. Wittman; senior warden, E. A.
Randlett; junior warden, C. H. McCurrie;
tr-asurer, 11. P. Wichman ; scribe, W. S.
Dryden; guide, Thomas Lynton; first
watch, C. H. Wever; second, William
Higby; third, Peter Ohristensen; fourth,
John Larkin; first guard of the tent, G. J.
Stoll; second, O. S. Lindon; inside sen
tinel, E. L. Miller; outside sentinel, G.
Fox.
Pawnee Tribe, Improved Order Red Men :
Sachem, E. Dunn; prophet, William
Keegan; senior sajramore, J. W. Rue;
junior sagamore, M. Gee; chief of records,
Fred S. Morton; keeper of wampum, J. R.
Richardson; collector of wampum, \V. \V.
Goggin; medicine man, Dr. G. C. Zeyn.
Concordia Stamm, U. 0. R. M. — Past
chief, L. C. Buslach; O. chief, R. 11. Putz
man; U. etiief, \V. Dannheim; B. chief, P.
Braemer; secretary, William Bruinmer;
treasurer, J. L. Ansel ; warrior, M. Bechtel ;
inside watchman, J. Meyer; physician, Dr.
K. Stelzer; trustees— T. W. Leydecker,
Henry Mohns, A. Heeker.
Association Election.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 10.— At the sev
enth annual meeting of the Encinal Build
ing and Loan Association the following were
elected directors: J. F. Forderer, Charles
S. Neal. Frank Otis, E. B. Dunning, F. H.
McCormick, Henry Sevening, F. W.
Voght, George G. Fabens and Stanley
Stephenson. Joseph F. Forderer was
chosen president, Henry vice
president, E. Minor Smith secretary, E.
K. Taylor attorney and the Bank of Ala
meda treasurer.
Items of Interest.
Two women had a quarrel on Santa
Clara avenue, near Park street, yesterday.
One slapped the other in the face and was
arrested in consequence. Tne complain
ing witnpss afterward repented and
wanted to withdraw the complaint.
The two Justices of the Peace are
anxious to get courtrooms near the City
Hall, for when the Polce Department is
moved they will be too far from the base
of operations m their present quarters.
Biz of the eight chickens captured from
the thief who jumped from the narrow
gauge train on the trestle before daylight
Thursday morning have been claimed.
The thief was never seen by the police
after his jurnti and it may be that he fell
through the trestle and was drowned.
O'BRIEN WAS EXONERATED
Judgment Rendered in His Favor
in the City's Suit for
Recovery.
Excessive Stamping of the Assessment
Rolls Responsible for the
Discrepancy.
Thomas O'Brien, the ex-Tax Collector,
who was sued by the City for the amount
of a $5200 shortage in his accounts, had a
verdict rendered in his favor last evening.
The case has been on trial before Judge
Dougherty, who was sittinc in place of
Judire Daingerfield since Monday. The
charge was that O'Brien's books showed
the receipt of over $5000 morn than had
been turned into the treasury by the tax
office, and the City made O'Brien person
ally responsible for the amount. The
shortage was not discovered until some
time after James Block, O'Brien's suc
cessor, was installed in tho office, and
then as a number of the books of the Tax
Collector's office had disappeared it be
came a matter of extreme difficulty to de
termine w ere the money was.
The claim of the City in the case was
that the Tax Collector could not impeach
his own records; if he had made a mistake
he must point out the mistaue; otherwise,
the books must be best evidence. It was
this auestion as to which book was best
evidence which caused considerable argu
ment between counsel.
The evidence went to show that when a
taxpayer appeared at the window the
cashier called off the amount of his tax to
a blottt-r clerk, who entered it up. The re
ceipt was then passed to another clerk,
who tore off the tag and i>ut it on a
spindle, returning the receipt to the tax
payer. Every night the cashier and the
blotter cleric, witn the aid of the tags.
made up accounts, and then O'Brien took
the day's casti receipts and turned them
into the treasury.
The tags' were assorted every evening by
a set of cashbook clerks, and the amount's
were entered in the cashbooks. These
cashbooks were proved by the records of
the blotter clerk and the tags, and from
the cashbook the clerks went over the
duplicate assessment rolls and stamped
paid opposite tne names of those who had
done so.
These assessment-rolls showed receipt 3
of $fi2oo more than the Treasurer's ac
counts, and it was upon that fact that the
suit to recover the shortage was based.
The City wanted to go by the assessment
rolls and the stamps. P. P. Dunne, coun
sel for O'Brien, maintained that the cash
book was the one to be used in the case,
and after taking it under advisement for a
night Judge Dougherty decided yesterday
morning that the cashbook was the proper
proof.
The items in the cashbook were followed
one by one, and everything was found ab
solutely correct. It was shown that the
errors had been made by those who
stamped the assessment-roll from the cash
book, and that exees-ive stamping — mark
ing paid the names of several who had not
paid — was responsible for the discrepancy.
The jury was out only about rive min
utes. A verdict against the City was then
returned — one which completely exon
erates the ex-Tax Collector.
ANXIOUS TO FIND SCOTT
A Bogus Evangelist Who Forgot
to Return a Stereopticon
Outfit.
HE C&ME FROM ARIZONA.
Mr. McMurtry of the Associated
Charities Would Like to Know
Where He Has Gone.
Oakland Office San Fraxcipco Call,)
<JOB Broauway, Jan. 10. f
A. J. McMurtry, a Christian Endeavor
leader of the Second Presbyterian Church,
is very anxious to meet "Rev. Mr. Scott of
Arizona." Several others would also like
to meet the "reverend."
Nearly three months ago Mr. Scott
"borrrowed" Mr. McMurtry's stereopti
con outfit. For over two months he has
been missing, and so has the lantern ap
paratus. Inquiries have been made in
the East and up and down the coast and
Mr. McMurtry is now convinced that the
clergyman from Arizona does not intend
to return with his outfit, or else he must
have met with foul play. The lantern
owner, however, says that the man from
Arizona is not the kind that becomes the
victim of foul play.
"Scott came here some months ago,"
said Mr. McMurtry to-day, ''and told me
he was an evangelist at work among the
miners in Arizona, and that he was sup
ported by two Christian Endeavor societies
in Massachusetts. He intended to give a
few lectures, he said, and raise money with
which to buy « lantern to illustrate them.
He told Rev. 11. H. Rice of his ulan, and
wanted to borrow that gentleman's valu
able outfit. Mr. Rice declined, and recom
mended him to me, and I was induced to
loan him my outfit. I was interested in
his work, as he was a very plausible talker,
and as a Christian brother I thought I
was doing the right thing by him in lend
ing him my outfit. It was to be returned
at once, but, when a few days passed and
it did not come home, I thought Scott was
probably lecturing through the country,
and I tried to locate him. He had dis
appeared completely, and I have not been
able to discover a trace of him since.
"I have been making investigations, and
I am convinced now that Scott l<as been
doing tins kind of work many years. 1
have learned that Scott has no claim to the
title of 'Rev.,' as tie has never been or
dained, and that he commenced his studies
years ago at Oberlin College, but
was convicted of stealing books and
expelled. Since then he has appeared
in different places, and wherever he has
been people have been sorry that they
made tiis acquaintance.
"Rev. H. H. Rice recently received a
letter from a minister in Los Angeles who
knows Scott's record, and that leaves no
doubt as to what we might have expect' d
from him. But the advice came too late.
He got the best of us Presbyterians in West
Oakland, because we did "not know him.
He lectured at Mills College with my lan
tern and was handsomely treated ihere.
There are some boarding-bouse keepers
who would like to see him and settle a few
accounts.
"Scott obtained my lantern in a very
slick way. First, he just goi enough to
use the Slides with in a g?neral way. Then
lie came back for different attachments
and finally obtained the whole outfit. It
was a lantern that I used in the East in
connection with the horticultural and
viticultural departments with which I was
connected, and was very valuable.
"I have also found out that Scott got
into the pood graces of the Congregational
Church of Petaluina, and then when a
building fund had been, raised it went the
way of my lantern. People should be put
on their guard against such adventurers
The amount of harm they do to the legiti
mate work of Christianity is not easy to
estimate."
BOOKS SHOW A SURPLUS
The Exposition Netted a Profit
oi Three Thousand Dol
lars.
A Majority of the Directors Are Mem
bers of the Merchants' Ex
change.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 10. f
The directors of the Oakland Exposi
tion, whicn is now a permanent incorpor
tion, have decided to hold a large exhibi
tion next fall even though at that time
the projected building may not have been
erected.
In order to increase the floor space the
directors liave obtained^ a lease to the
ground on which the annex stands and
will build as many annexes as the exigen
cies may demand.
Now that the books of the exposition
are about closed it is known that the affair
was a marked success in a financial way.
There will be a net profit of about $1800
and an annex that cost $1200 and which is
paid for, suitable for renting purposes.
This really represents a profit of $3000 on
the two weeks, »nd as the affair was con
ceived and opened within twenty-nine
days the directors feel that they are justi
fied in feeling confident of the future.
The argument is maae that the Tab
ernacie was a jam of people every night
and that hundreds more would have at
tended had the place been larger. As the
most expensive part of the programmes
was the special prosessional events and as
these would be no more expensive with
twice the attendance the prospects are
very roseate.
'•We are not in a hurry to gel, subscrip
tions to the corporation," said Vice-Presi
dent Keith to-day. "We have the facili
ties for our next show and can take our
time aoout a permanent tmilding. Of
course, the manner in which the city is
growing adds each year to the demand for
the exposition and the necessity for a big
showhouse.
•'Such a house cannot be designed and
built in a hurry. It will cost about $100,
--000, and people who invest in it will want
10 be satisfied that they will get a fair re
turn on their money. The profits of the
comparatively ?mail and very limited
show we have just had. will pay a divi
dend of 3 per cent on $100,000. I do not
say this to boon! the stock, because we
have no reason for doing so. We do not
want a building for a year anyhow, and
we are negotiating for a site. VVe expect
to have many sites offered, because the
instant the institute is erected, the sur
rounding property will increase in value.
Many lots have been suggested, but we
feel that location is a big element of suc
cess in such matters, and we are doing a
lot of thinking.
"An attempt has been made to show
that the exposition has been claimed as a
venture of the Board of Trade as
against the Merchants' Exchange. This
report needs no more attention than a ref
ence to the fact that six members of the
eleven who constitute the exposition di
rectorate are members of the Merchants'
Exchange." . -'
EBELL SENDS tfHAXKS.
Expresses Gratitude to the San Francisco
Associations for Help.
■ Mrs. H. O. Trowbridge has forwarded
the following letter of thanks to the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association:
. Oakland, Cal., Jan. 7, 1596.
L. R. Mead, Secretary Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, San Francisco, Cal. — Dear
Sir: The exposition and all work connected
with it having been brought to a close, it re
mains my pleasant duty to express to your
: highly respected organization my very sincere
: thanks for your generosity in permitting your
i delegate, 8. 11. Tacy, to assist me with his most
j capable services during the two weeks of the
j exposition, as well as the days immediately
; preceding its opening.
My duties as chairman of the Ebell Society's
committee, as well as of the committee on en
tertainments and programmes for. the expo
i sition, were so numerous and varied that I
should certainly not have been able to do them
justice without the timely and tireless assist
ance of Mr. Tacy, and I cannot say too much in
expressing my gratitude for such assistance.
To what a large degree your association thus
contributed to the success of the exposition
has been fully appreciated by our executive
committee as well as myself.
I also have to thank you for having taken
such generous action in regard to my suggestion
! concerning the giving away of a souvenir book
mark to such as signed a pledce giving the
preference to home products. The badges pre
sented by yourselves were indeed a handsome
souvenir, and, having been so generally appre
ciated, will no doubt continue to remind their
holders of the pledge they represent.
In conclusion, I assure you of my most
earnest and heartfelt interest in every detail
of the most excellent work your association is
carrying on so successfully, and beg to be in
structed of the very first "opportunity where I
may be of assistance in a cause, the vital im
portance of which' cannot be sufficiently ap
preciated. Very sincerely yours,
1-ii.LiE D. TP.OWERIDGE,
'resident Ebell Society.
In Case of War.
It will be a supreme satisfaction to put
killing — and most effective killiuc, too —
upon an economical basis. There will be
another satisfaction, that there need be
no high-bred Slid aristocratically educated
specialists in the glorious art of killing
people. A good farmhand, skilled in husk
i ing corn and capable of extracting i'OO
! rails a day from the rough, may rank as
: high as Napoleon. It is nowcostingon an
| average $79,000 to kiil a man in war on tue
modern methods, and the saving of even
50 per cent would leave an immense legacy
ito t he survivors. — Pittshnre Dispatch.
KEW TO-DAT.
Creates
and
Sustains
.Vigor and Energy
THE IDEAL TONIC
When everything else has failed
try it to prove merits
established
during 30 years
: Mailed Free.
: Descriptive Book with Testimony and
j Portraits
: OP NOTED CELEBRITIES.
Beneficial and Agreeable.
Every Test J'roves Reputation,
Irtid S«fcstltnt!ons. Ask for ' Tin M.iriani.'
At Druztrists and Fancy Grocers.
MARIANI& CO.,
oceah steamships:
FAOFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPASI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class $8.00
Second Class S3OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 lei Montgomery Street.
GOODAI.L, PKRKI3TS '& CO.,
Cieueral Agents.
ASTORIA Al PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails..; January 9
Suite of California sails January 14
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. COX M OR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM ./?«S_
Broadway wharf, Ban Francisco, aa saeaSGC
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlnsr. Wrangel, Junean. KII-
-lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), a: 0 a. M., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO, Port Town-
send, Scuttle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. B, 10, 15, -20, 25. 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
th« C. f. it. .R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with' G. N. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldi Bay) sir. Pomona, "2 p. M., Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, '26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East Sau
Pedro (Los Angeiest ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
4,8. 12, 16, 20, 24, aS, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stoppln; only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Kedoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M., Jan. 3, 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enspuada, san Jose del Cabo, Mazatian, La
Paz. Altat* and Guaynuas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley. 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treet.
UOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
GOIPIfiinEGEIERILETRimTLAITip
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH JBfgP^
V.' River, fool of Morton st. Travelers by cSas^E
this line avoid both transit by English railway unit
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 9160; second class. $116.
LA BRETAGNE; Capt. Rupe
January 11
'LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Bauilelon
.....January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, dipt. I'oirot,
limitary 25, ..".
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf I
....February 1
JJ3T" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZi & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ' ASPINWALL Jtoffk.
for; nightly for the West Indies and <*fS£3t
Southampton, calling en route at C-rbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
- Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. . First class, $195; third
•Ims, ♦97 60. For further particulars apply to
VARROTT & CO., Agents,
__ ; 306 California it.
YALLEJO AW .HARE ISLAND.
STB. MONTICELLO,
Daily, except Sunday— lo a. it, 4r. «
Sunday— p. it.
L»ndlnar, Mission I, Fl«r a.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
mm STEAMSHIP CIIPiIT.
r-KSfrqaz* Coolgardie gold field*
>rfjw'T 1 0 sfc*. (Freemantle). Anstra-
lla : $--° fir3t cla3 *
£&& nUN nt | $110 steerage. Lowes;
/•ssr.^s^^s^<B»r rales t0 - Ca etovvn '
BS/ M?^t» \B^ Australian steamer,
Hi/ O^wLe^Mlia Honolulu and Aucli-
. r^W Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, I'ues-
Ppeciai. Parties Reduced special rate 3 for
parties Feb. t> and 1  18 Ai.
Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight ot!ic», 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKKLS & BKUS., General Agents.
~ STOCKIST STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St,
At 5 P. Mi Daily, Except Suiulay.
Kg- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STKAMKK :
T. C. Walker. ,T. D. Peters,
3laxy Garratt, City of Stockton,
Telephone Main SO5. Cu. Nay. and Impt. Co
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
SOCTHKKS I'AIIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SVSTIiM.I
Train* l«»c null are line to rive nt
.VAN I'UANCIStO.
leave — ' FIIOM November 20, ISOS. — ARRIV
6:3Ua HajTvards, ar.d Way Stations.. 10: 1 9a
7:«0a Atlantic J-.:pre?3, (i™ilen and Mast.. H:4r,r
7:00 a Benida, Vacavii;e, Ituir.si y. Sacra-
mento, and Bedding via Davis.... 7:15?
7:30 a Martinez, San li.;mon, Nona, t'alia.
toga and Santa Koe« 6:13p
S:3Oa Kites, San Jnsc, Btoektou, lone,
Sacramento, MorysTlHo, Re«l lilult
and Sundays excepted UroTlllc. ... •*:lsp
•8:30.\ Peters and Mil ton *7:13p
»««Oa Han Leandro, Ilr-y^ards & Way St'ns 1 1 : 13 a
9:OOa Los Angeles Kxpress, Raymond,
(for Yoscmite), Santa liarbara
and Los Ausclcs 4:-13p
9:OO a. Martinez and Stockton lO*Ma
10:OOa San LcaDdro, Kjyirards and iles . l:-£5p
l-:0O:i Sau Leaudro, Ilaywarda & Way Sfns 2:1-5*
l:OOp Nilcs, San Joooand Livcrmcre 8:13*
•I:OOp Sacramento llivrr Bteamen *»:»0p
f 1 ::sOr Port Costa nod Way Stations t?:43r
:t:OOp San Lcacc:ro, llaywaid3i: V.'ay St'ns 5:45p
■l:OOp San Lcaudro, liayw£rd3t WayiU'ns C:4sr
4:UOi- Martinez, Kail Ramon, Vallcjo,
Napa, Calistoen, £1 Verauo and
Santa llosa *(ISa
*!••* Denlcia, Esparto, Woodland.
" Knights Landing, MarysviUc,
Oro?U)o and Kacnimcuto 10:t3A
4:80r Nilo.i, San Joso, Livermoro and"
Stockton 7:l»p
5:OOp SanLe'.ndro, Hayward3& Wny St'ns B:4Sr
3:3Ui- New Orleans Express, I Bakers-
Held, Santa li:ulnra, l.os Aukcll-s,
I)cmi:ic, El l'aso, Xsvr Orleans end
East 10: I3a
3:30r Santa Wo Uoute, Atlantic Impress
forfllojavo aud East 10:43 a
6:oOpKuropeau Jlail, Ogdcii and 11u5t.... 0:15*
O:OOp IlstytviirilM, Nil<saud SanJosa 7:I»a
J7:o(»i> Vallcjo i 7:43r
7:00p Orecou Kxpress,bacnunento, Marys,
ville, rtcddinif, Portland, l'ngtt
Sound and Kast 10:43^
7:00p San Leandro, Uayvrards& Way St'ni 1 0:5 Op
9:00p SanLeandro.ll:iywards£WayStns ttlSzOe*.
; «Jlo:*sp "Sunset lixoited," Fresno, Lea
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
anaEa-t SI it lip
j ft11.;15.' -iarilenndro.llqyvrardsftW'aTSfns ~:15a
I SANTA (IMZ DIVISION (N'arroir oan?f).
Jl:l!>.\ Newail[,Ceiitervillf,S;iii.loao,Feltoii,
r.ouldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:5»i
•a:l3p Newark. Ccntcrville. San Jose, New
Alraaden, Fclton, Uoulder Orfck,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations • 1 1 :20 a
4il3i> Newark, San .loea andl.os Catoi..;. 9:."« a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion Ban Jose and
j \V>y Stations }7:20p
coast IH VISION (Tli'ml a Tokiisiihl Sis.)
0:43 a San Jose ami Way BtaUims (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) l:13p
■:13a San Jose, Trea I'inos, Hmtii Cruz,
l acill« Orove, Taso Ruble?, Sau
Luia Ol.ispo, OnsdalupeandPrlu-
cipal Way Stations 7:03p
10:40 a San Jose and Wny .Stations Ii:OOp
11:43 a Palo AHo mid Wny .Stations 3:30 l
*2:3Up,Sau Jose, Cilrny, Tres riuos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and I'acilic
Grovo MO: lilt
•U::i«p San and I'rincipnl Wny Stations !>:47a
•4:rjOi- San Jose and Way Stations •8:00*
S:3or Kan .inso and Way Stations # «:I«a
«:::Oi>Kau Jose aud AVayN! aliens «::!.•>
♦ll:4Sp Pan .losopikl W»yßt»tlon« r~:4Bt
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiN FRIKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 0:00 11:00 a.M. tl^KI *2:00 J3:00
•i:00 t5:00 '6:03 p.m.
Froia OHKlaSD— Foot of Broadway "6:00 8-00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *1:00 {2:CO *3:CO ti:CO
'S:S3I'.M. _______^
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. ♦ Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
i f\ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
and Saturday* 6 Sundays and Tiiursdar*
SAW FR.4IVCISCO & PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAY _ 7:40 - 9 — 11:00 A M- 13-3JL
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trl»
and 11 Hf P ' *' aaturd *>' - ■ Bxtra Tips at 1:50
BONDAY&-8:6o, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 33a
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:55, 9:30, 1110 am-
af^l^Sva^^^^ 8 -^^
BU^ D^\^- 8:10> 9:40 ' 11:1 ° A - >«•; 1:40, 3:40.
o :uu, b:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam«
schedule us above. «•"»•
San Francisco. $£{?$ San Arrive "
San Iraaosco. oct 28, Rnn
SIS A. StJjr * [WJ.JC-
Days. 1 days, "ga-'nat'on. DAYa^ Days
7 :40 Ail 8 :00 am | Novato, j 10:40 am 8:50 Alt
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, B:05 pm 10:30 am
t:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Fulton, ~~~
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsbur;,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am j Clovcrdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 fm
I "t-leta7 ■
7:40 am Hopland <&
8:00 AM Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pat
7:40 am ! 10:30 AM
8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:30 fm
3:30 pm I 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am; Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 ea 5:00 pm and 6:05 pm: 6:16 pm
I j Glen Ellen. |
7:40 am 8:00 AMI Seb -. tonol 110:40 am: 10:30 AM
3:3opmls:oopm| benastopol. I 6:05 pm l 0:15 pk
Stages connect at San Rafael for Kolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Spring*
Kelseyville, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Brae?, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Jon*
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureita.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket! at reduce*
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to ail point* b«»
youd San Kafael at half rates.
Ticker offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldln*
U. a WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
; Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agent.
TKifi«33sSfe^*\ A. \ 1 d nf 1 n
*^tIdIILIC
S Atlantic
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and srrlTf
rg^Jg^^QYyX^l at Market-Street Ferry.
SANIA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & p. Direct Line
£afa V c ce P 8 £Tp ry daya 5 3:30 p - M - carrying PuUmaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chica?a
Denver and St. y Loul s ? UtCUaDSe - Aanel CMi tot
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-cars,
under Harvey s management. Connecting train*
leave San Francisco at 9 a. h. and 3:30 p. m. daily
The best railway from California to the East.
I*ew rails, now ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
" Chronicle Building.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
I (Via Sauaalito Ferry).
From San i ranuisco, beginning October 27, 1803.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael-7:30, 9-15, 11:01
A. M.: 1:45, 3:45, 5:15, ii:HO p. it.
8«u Quentin— 7 9:16 a. m. : I:4b, 5:16 r. H.
Extra trips lor San Hsuhil on Mondays, Wedne»
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San QuenMn—
>8:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. M.. 1:30,3:00,4:30, "8:11
r. m *l)oes not run to San Queniln.
THBOUOH TRAINS.
7:30 a.m. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way stations.
t;(K) a. m. suudayii-roini Bejres ana way itASloaa
1314
BOOKS KEPT THE COIN
The Talent Was Worsted in a
Battle With the Men in
the Ring.
TWO FAVORITES IN FKONT.
Tod Sloan Managed to Finish Behind
the Money With Two Heavily
Backed Choices.
The attendance at Ingleside yesterday
was swelled by many who have heretofore
been betting their money in the down
town 'dens," but not relishing the pros
pect of a ride in the patrol-wagon, con
cluded that an admission charge was pre
ferable in the long run to a tine, and so
journeyed out to see for themselves how
their money was lost or won.
The favorites met with only moderate
success, but two of them scoring. The
erratic mare Minnie, a Montana produc
tion, for once was not left at the post, and
captured the opening race with odds as
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
•yuentv-sixth Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Fin;.
'Track Fast. Ingleside Track, Francisco, Friday, January 10, 1896.
f) I 1 ' ! ' >-1 lAi XK ~ 1 ive 'urlongs: selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions: purse $400.
Horse. BKP. weißlit. 81
14
«A
=?*
«tr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
: He
Op.
Liim.
Cl.
499 'Minnie I, 5 100 1 3 ; 2 3
4V"7 jl'nc«Ttainty, a.. 105 9 1 ; 1 h
487 Kathleen, a 100; 7 41,
083 Huntsman 5 10-.' 5 5h
60S Geo Dickerison, 6.108 4 3 2
480 : Modesto, 6 102 1 Hi.,
462 Mlddleton, 6 102 2 7•'
Asbll Kc!ipse,4. 98 6 11 '
482 !Addi~ •1.4.. 96 10 12
505 Ira. Autonomy, 5.105; 11 914
ROB !He Hell, a 100: 8 ... . 81
465 • Valparaiso, 5 1021 12 10
505 [Cynioor, 5 105! 13 ! 13
1 2
2 »
7 1
4h
3 2
8 1
.-) y 2
114
, ill.,
10 1:
61
12 1
13
1 4
2 2
6 4
5 2
32
9
4 In
10
11
s **
12 %
13
1 5 jcochran 10
2h H. Shields 40
3b Martin 3
4Va I'ipKOtt 5
ft 2 Hozema7i 6
6y 3 T. Walker IK
7 i) McCla ri 10
8 5 R. ls..m 6
9 1 3 Kowan 8
10 6 Staepard 10
113 J. . horn 5
12 10 Sullivan j!5
13 Coady [10
6
8
10
3
8
20
15
6
18
25
6
40
25
(;r>od start. Won easily. Winner, W. Singleton's b. m., by Begent-by Cariboo.
Time, 1:02 V - At
Pv 1 Q BECX)ND BACK— S>Ix furlongs; selling; conditions; allowances; purse f 400.
Index. Horse, weight. St. 14 y 3 »i
494 IRey del Bar.didos.lo7 7 7h 5 3
512 ? Pique 97 4 ! lh 22
474 Callente 102 6 ■ 5h 3U
494 jLizzie 11 107 2 2h Hi
'••^ JocK 102 3 ' 62 72
447 Walter J 107 1 4 1 41
442 iFree Will 97 - .... 82 82
4PI Heartsease 97 10 10 10
478 Virci.' A 100 5 34 62
»b5 , Charlie Boots 105 9 92" 9
Fin. I
I
Jocupys.
Bettinir.
Op. Cl.
3 h
2 1
4 h
1 ii
7 1
6 2
53
10
81
9V2
1 4 Coady
2 h Piggott
3 3 T. Sloan
4 4 Garner
5 4 T. Walker
6h Shields
71 2 shf-pard
8 6 Cochran i
i 9 i Lamle ■
i 10 Cliorn I
2 13-5
7 8
5-2 13-5
4 &
8 12
15 30
20 100
10 9
20 60
7 9
-tart. Won easily. Winner. Lone stables eh. c, by imp. True Briton-Emma Collier.
ime, l:15io. ■ nutes.
519 THIRD UACr: - Ull<> niile : selliug; three-year-olds and upward; penalties; purse $400.
Horse, age, weipht. St.
V*
hi
3 A
j Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
498 Chartreuse 11, 5.. 91 3 1 •_> 12
603 ;.Morven, 5 93 4 a 2 2 3
383 AH Over, 4 93 2 C' ■, ' 6 1
BOS 'Montana, a 103 7 7 2 3 1
507 Gussie,4 9t> 5 5 1 5h
(492 ( ity ■• rl. 3 78! 6 4h 7V*
487 Remus. 5 98 1 3 2 4u"
510 iFivd Gardner, 5.. 104 8 8 8
12 13
2i2 a 3
41 % 4 4
4' 2 3 h
52 5 1
8 8
72 7 3
6 1 64
I 1 3 Garner 11-5 9-5
2 3 K. Jones 10 21
3 ' 2 Donnelly '11-5 4
4 6 T. .Sloan tj 1 1-2
5 4 iKowau 30 100
6 4 Reidy ;15 &o
7 2 Lanile i 8 20
8 Thorn | 3 4
<;ood start. Won easily. Winner, \V. 08. MacdonougJTs eh. f., by imp. Cheviot-imp. Zara
lie. 1:411 4. At post 18 mil
52( * • •-, K ?4oo KAI K ~ Six furlo "es; selliDg; four-year-olds and upwards: conditions; allowance!;
Index. Horse, age, weis!.-
-379 Olive, 4 99, 5 3h
455 Tim Murphy, a...! 01 1 .. .. 11,
493 Clacquer. 6* .101 4 'iy~
(419) Podiga, 6 101 11 11
(431) Gallant. 4 101 i 7 7h
(498) Circe, 4 10a 8 4 1
429 robey, 4 98 a 6h
449 ;Zaracoza. 6 102 10 ! 10
419 Road Runner, 6.. IOS 0 ;u:,
511 Hiram Argo, 6. ..104 2 51
607 i Adam, 4 . 98: 6 810
Vi
Va
/i Str.
4 2 4 V 2
111 1 Vi
«■ 5*
9 3 6
&Vb 5 V 3
2 1 22
85 8
11 11
10 2 10
6 h 7
7 3 9
lh Garner. ■ 2 8-5
2 2 T. Moan I 4 6
3 1 E.Jones 6 20
41/2 Shepard 30 100
5 6 IPigffott 4 8
(i 6 Coady 5-2 16-5
7 4 to hran 15 25
8 3 I Sullivan SO 300
9 h J. Walker 10 60
10 6 Chora 10 20
11 T. Walker i 8 15
Fiu.
Jockeys.
I Uetting.
!Op. Cl.
Good star:.
minutes.
'on
inner,
Corrigan
Apacl
At post
52 1 FIFTH IlAt ' K ~ Kiv(l furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse $400.
Index.
Dorse, agp, weight. St.
V*
3 ,2
%
I Jockeys. Op BettinK - ( .i
[Chorn S 5
Mcriain :-iO 60
U'iSKOtt 10 15
v nderson . .. 30 60
Bergen no 40
Rowan 16 15
T. moan :s 11-5
H. Martin... 10 7
Donnelly 4 7
Shields." 4 5
Keiily 7 20
Garner 10 13-2
410 Braw Scot, a 105 1 ... . 1 1/ 2
tvj Solodad, a loa 5 11
497 < ;ui-!i Km. 6 li>2' g j gh
i>oi Crackajack, a 108 7 Sh
435 iv.-ksnirt, 5 105 6 . 7
SOI Myron, 4 a* 4 I 2 h
1874 Romulns. 8 105 !> lo
oianita, 4 l<<-_> n ]■<
J'j:<6 Boreas, 4 mi B ..... 8
LowenaC, 6 106 2 I 5U
Fort una. 5 KM) 10 11
- Melan ■ . b 103 12 9
4
1 1
3 h
2 h
l
11
8
6
12
10
4
■->
9
10
7
8
12
11
I?
3 2
4 2
5 V 3
?£
9%
10 r
11
ttart. Won driving. Winner, B. Schreiber's gr. g., bj imp. Midlothian-Helen Scratch. Time
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ingleside Track.
In riires where the horses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearm
iistnr-re are given. iwai un»c»
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling.
Index.
Name.
Beai "
Lbs record. I>ist. Lbs
Ik.
397 New Moon 84 DO rec W. I). Knndall.. Hyder All-N&monl*
441 Yemen 105 1:02 5 f 109 11. B. Bchreiber . ""I Alarm-Hlra
*7» Caatanette 81 1:02 Vi 6f 97 F... Laurehvood farm... Duke Norfolk- armen
471- .te&'S g« 1:07! » &Vaf »6F..:Od.U«aW« - Pergerin -I.ady F<mter
4<i H»rryO 89 no rec . .... F. O'Rourke Imp Trade Wind Dollr v
511 IKmrrs Norfolk 94 1:08 5Vj! f|lO7iF... G. Rose ..:. [IV.V.Y. J-Im^ero? Norfolk "avfnna
472 jSxviftsure 98 I: ( JKi 5Vs I 98 F... A. H. Small .. Y.Y.Y. Coloma-Laura D VaDna
i 1 '.^ Repeater 92; 1:18% 5i/ 2 1 102 Fa K. Corri an Rupture Ventra
367 l-Mustosa 95 liiO 5V f 108 11. I). R. Dickey liJhMor-bv Ben Wade
.'.'_'.( i nnvasbacic 83 110 rec „ Z. Abrams Kpliowrhurm Th«
482 RoWn Hood 1.. 99 1:09% 5 f io« H. .N. S. BSkV.V.V. /.'. Fo ester Maratanl
277 Isabelle 99 :6^ •% 1 105 j F. 8. B. D0dd...... Cycone-Sa He Brown
•"•:»•> Idßearer". 95 1k)3% 6? 107 U.. P. Phi.lips . i,,, Wagner Cole
612 Cloverdale. 86 no rec E. Co.rigan ; Bramble- Clover ®
SECOND RACE -f}lx furlongs: sci.lng: two-year-olds.
Index. j
Name.
BPSt I I I
Lbs record. Dlst. LbsiTk. 1
Pedicree.
"| •■• ri '»l« J2?jii. lBl^ rif HO F... Neil*cooney Kosdosko-May Valley
(|f|) W&Biiiiii: o RiK « ib, fcMRSfa l u rt^kb^£ to
r : m""" 1 '; 1 /' 1 ;' JJ'I I:<n '- 5f 96 F... n. A. Jlonlg Brambl,-KKta
|| |SJ&:: IS ata « - ioo ,r:: k^i^E: : 5 3fffiSSS3SSaSLi
508 FerrigllHrtmi.ii 103 l:0H' 2 5% f 115 11.. B. Schrelher Imp. Wo'xUa-.Hls'lionOTa
THIRD i'.ACK-six fnrl(.nj;s: Baldwin Hotel stakes.
:.]
Nnme.
. Bept j
Lbs record. Dlst. I
Tk.
Pedigeo.
490 Libertine [122 1:18% 6 1
3PB Handsome 105 1:13% tj f
477 Ferrier 110 1:131/416 f
(487) Mainstay 1 105 1 -.13% 6 I
(M) 5) Installator Ill) 1:111.. ] m
.'. 14 Roma 102 1:45 " 1 m
[478 [mp.Santa Bella (6 1:14 \*6t
(408); Crescendo | 99 1:11% -Of
477 ißellicoso i 105 1:12% 81
620 Gallant 105 ! 1:32% 7f
(428) Pat Murphy.... !lO2|l:lB% •; i
477 limp. Star Kuby.i 105 1:17 J6f
»?f S" "?-■ 0 - Brown * Co.. Leonatus-Falalse ' ~
iii v" ni C M rlsan ■••,•;■••• Hanover-!mp. Cinderella
J?S £•"■ L-T, Jlonte stable... Falsetto imp. Cinderella
in? S"-' ?i kton B J able -, Ilup " Mariner-Queen Km ma
or ••• .'"Woodstock frm Imp. Brutes-Installation
i??! 1 H. ' « "i", 001 ' stocKfrm Imp. Brutus-Beauty
110 >a. W.O'KMacrtonougti st. CerMmp. Maiden Belle
V ik ,-■• l!1<? D]o stable Flambeau-imp. Janet N
; 99 Fa. Pueblo stable Peel-Imp. Janet N
oq \\- A - *■ *X> recke j s Fello-.vcharm .Ten. BeTsbaw
Lfg g- A - B. hpreckels Imp. Kyrle Daly-Maggie R
HO H.. G. B. Morris & Co.. Hampton-Ornament
FOURTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth miles: handicap; hurdle.
iDdc.T.
Name.
i Best i
1 Lbs I record.! Dlst.
Lbs
kl
SOS Col. Welghtmani 146 3:02 ii. 2 m 12G 11.. A. B. Blakeley.... WartelJow-U>«sie P
■'"'■> Me«tor 188a:48W I■■■ m 130 H. K. Farrar False!t(>Wood?arir
(MR) Burmah 136 2 16% 1 « I m 125 F. W.OB Macdbnogh B^a"^ai?Lady
SO? onin.; J! ISO 1:54 *1 m 135 F.. F. F. M cv . - Imn London Wo
•"I ! , ke V- I?" I '°/" <> ; harden City stable; Major Ban-Jlls^ Flush
515 ?. ™ p! mOre --- l.s -j:-j-.' 1> 4 ... 14 F. J. Brenoc£ Ton, o, i, ii sad I
!i? Vo'mV rre"'' c "' l^nWA McCuilogh&Flem Bramble-UalKv Hoey
«7 'sHverado isoi South Park itable. Sampson-Unknown 7
HI , > ;' v " a<lo Win " ; K. Corrienn Huthorford-Josie C
438 jClccro |I.HO| ! .p. Hildreth Longfellow-Belle Knight
FIFTH RACE— One mile; purse.
Index.
Name.
i liest I
Lbs rei;ord. (
.
Dist.
Lbs Tk.
i
Owner.
Pedigree.
••V72 ModSSrfo^*"^ \?r ■i-VB «f ii» i."- 2\F\ Hare None Such-Meaaow Lass
•lYJiiloaerocio JOi l.lb of 105 r...'(». B. Aiorr ■<£ Co Imn sirAfnilrM.Proa'n..
.^IjKpS"^:::::: ill i « ! "Vn iS f- ft \ : ""^ '*- :: SSSB'?"
<O i-- tvfrvr « |. iil? /ji"'-" 11 J?2 t" •, L "'"" c Hindoo-Francesca
ill ZVIL'JL JiS I*JI m 2 p*' ,V c ' Mon W stable.. Faisetio-imp. Cinderella
_ 105 H< 1.4J 1 m JO.i t^^J. Rose Springbok-Tbe Xiece
r.dex.
Name.
j ! IV si i
Lbs I record. Pist.
I.hs
Tk.
Pedigree.
418 Arctic 111811:131,4 *H f
501 [Gold Bus 96 1:0314 1 5V»f
394 Beatrice 9011:0134151
377 Clauae Hill 86 uoiec.i
603 F.y 99 i:««ijsf
(477, I). -rfnrKilla 115 1:11% 6 f
511 Don Gars 98 1 ;07*/216y 2 *
601 Midlo 86 1:08% 5% '
491 Toami 108 1 :oc>^i ft 1.3 f
1522 Mollle : 90 1:41 7 f
302 ;. Mo til tor 9211:01 It I
(5»8) Joe Hill IUS 1:01% .'> f
*16 JLeonville. | 9tfjl:(K£ ,5 1
130 F... Welcome stab: e
I'M F... J. Hunter...
10.1 F... C. 11. Dnrkee
f. O. Brown <fc Co .
11)1 X... Elkton stable.
104 I-... (i. K. Srnilli. .
I(>4 1... W. Harp
105 X... Barns AW'terhoiige
111 F... Win. Mloombnugh .
j 92 H.. J. Bobbins
. 97 F... California stable .
H 3 !•'... Joe HUI
i 110! F.. . , Archibalds Lottrdg
i Robsou-Greenleaf
!PUtsbiirg-Mollie s
[St. >aviour-Mlss Mitford
Imp. Dec ivi-r l/seful
; K«-veille-F!isillade's Last
Onovdaga-Klarnore
'Itathbo.'it -Miss Melbourne
Imp. Midlothian- Klectrlc Lt
Longfellow-Salara
Imp. >iariner-('iintenßC
■Imp. Sir Modred-Vinalia
Kingston-Lndy (iolden
iLeonatus,VUleie
good as 20 to 1 against her, being the long
est priced winner of the day.
There were thirteen starters in the open
ing five-furlong dash, with Huntsman
rnlinir a3to 1 choice. Idle Belle, Minnie
I, Kathleen and Uncertainty were all more
or less supported. Minnie and Uncer
tainty raced out in front when the flag fell ;
the mare, gradually drawing away from
the old horse, beat him out five lengths.
Kathleen, full of run at the finish, was
third.
The next event, a selling affair at seven
furlongs, resulted in an easy win for the
Lone stable's dashing colt Rey del Bandi
dos. Caliente, with Tod Sloan up, car
ried the bulk of the coin, going to the
| starting point an 11 to 5 favorite. The
field was sent away to a rather ranged
start. Lizzie H was first away, leading
] the bunch into the stretch, followed in
' close order by Pique, tne favorite and
I Walter J. Straightened a>vay for the wire
! Rey del Bandidos came from the rear with
a rush, and won in romping fashion by
three lengths. Pique lasted long enough
to beat tne favorite out a nose for place.
The wanner was second choice in the
betting.
Eight started in the mile dash, with the
Macdonough entry, Chartreuse 11, a heav-
i ly backea S to 5 choice. All Over, who
j opened favorite, receded to *to 1. The
betting about the others, with the excep
tion of Montana, was dull. After some
delay at the post the flag fell to an exeel
ientstart. The favorite wa9 first off, and
never very hard pressed, won by three
lengths with Morven in the place, about
the same distance in front of All Over.
Olive, Ed Corrigan's speedy Apache filly,
' landed the coin in the fourth race, a six
; furlong sprint, starting an Bto 5 choice.
i Four of the original entries were scratched,
' leaving eleven to face the flag. Circe, Tim
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
Murphy and Gallant of the other starters
commanded the most support. With his
101 pounds in the saddle old Tim cut out
the running, and led until less than a fur
long from home, where the favorite col
lared him, and in a drive won by a short
naif length. Ciacquer ran a good race,
finishing a close third.
Some great plunging was indulged in on
the last event, a five-furlong dash with
twelve starters, the plungers endeavoring
to even up losses. The first rush was made
on Romulus, a perfect raft of coin cutting
his odds from fours to 11 to 5. Then, in
turn, Hermanita, Levena C and Melanie
were plujrged. The hooks kept all of the
coin. Solidad, a 100 to 1 shot, led until
within eighty yards of the wire, when
Braw Scot passed him and won by a
length. Catch 'Em was third.
BALDWIN HOTEL STAKE.
A Crack Field of Sprinters Will Face the Flag
To-Day.
The feature of to-day's great racing card
at Ingleside track will be the rich Baldwin
Hotel stake, bringing together one of the
greatest fields of sprinters that ever faced
the flag in California. The distance is six
furlongs.
Foremost among them is the great Lib
ertine, holder of the mile record of 1:38%
over a circular course, who forced Vinctor
to break the coast record in their sensa
tional finish one week ago to-day. The
sturdy bay is carrying top weight, 122
rounds, ami to win has a hard task before
him. Crescendo, the crack son of Flam-
I beau, is in at 99 pounds, and with a boy up
i that can manage him his chance is a rosy
one; indeed, it looks as though the one
that heads him home will pluck the silken
| bag from the wire.
The slashing big chestnut's great per
formances in the East are too fresh in the
; public's mind to bear of rehearsing.
Dainty Santa Bella, Mr. Macdonougti's
j English-bred miss who has annexed so
many stakes, will have a host of friends
with her 96 pounds up and Tod Sloane to
do the piloting. Imp. Star Ruby, the
statuesque English horse, is in at a weight
that mak s him a dangerous quantity.
lie is a very fast sprinter, and the dis
tance just suits him. With Ferner, Hand
some, Mainstay, I natallator. Gallant, Pat
Murphy, ]>elhcoso and Roma completing
the field, the event should be one worth
going many miles to see.
Tiie balance of the card is one of rare
excellence and a big crowd will be in at
tendance.
Track and Paddock Items.
The fourth race on the card yesterday
was declared off.
R. Doguett, a younger brother of
"Sam," arrived from New Orleans on
Thursday, where he had been doing some
clever work in the raddle. He can ride at
104 pounds.
Starter Caldwell fined every boy in the
opening race with the exception of Coch
ran, who rode the winner, Minnie 11, for
disobedience at the post.
Joe X ran yesterday in the colors of the
Westchester 'stable.
Esperance bled after coming out of the
hurdle race on Thursday.
Ed Purser had a swell bet down on Rey
del Bandidos, in which colt he owns an
interest.
Will Wallace thought himself lucky in
getting aboard Romulus at the top price.
The following very complimentary letter
of California racing was received by Secre
tary Leake of the Pacific Coast Jockey
Club from E. O. Hopper, secretary of the
Western Turf Congress:
"Your racing in California is pood — in
fact the best that has taken place in the
country during the winter months. In the
poolrooms here they bet on them lite they
do on races during "the spring."
After a thorough examination into the
cause of Thursday's accident, in which
young Slaughter was injured, the stewards
have concluded that while Willie Martin
was responsible for the fall it was the re
sult of carelessnea rather than purpose to
injure either Collins or the boy that rode
him. Both Garner and Bergen, who rode
in the lace, state that Pepper was clear of
Collins, but a cut on Pepper's left leg does
not bear out this statement.
Concludinp the stewards in their decis
ion say: That while we do not believe Mar
tin willfully cut Collins off, we think that
carelessness which places in jeopardy a
human life deserves some punishment,
and we have suspended Martin for a pe
riod of thirty days. Martin may ride any
of Tat Dunn's stake engagements in the
meantime.
The stewards also suspended Macklin for
thirty days, as a punishment for striking
Jockey Garner in the second race on
Thursday. Earner was also lined sso for a
too free use of his whip.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cait^
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
sight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6\V. corner Sixteenth and Alission streets, open
until 8 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 0:30 o'cioclc
NOTICE ttV MKKTIJSGh.
Sp^s=* YOU ABE R,Teapr:nTi?TTT.T.v ;."—
»-*>■ notified that the Exempt l'ire*Js>g&<S>
Company will participate in the cere- BS_Bl9
monies of the dedication of the monument in honor
of our late fellow-member, DAVID SCA N.\ ELL,
on SUNDAY, January 12, in the company plat at
the Laurel Hill Cemetery. You ar • especially re-
quested to be at the hail of the company, Brenham
place, at 12 o'clock sharp, in company uniform—
coat, pants and fatigue cap. Should it be stormy,
see notice In daily p .pers of Sunday with reference
to postponement. By order of the company
, _ GEORGE T. BOHEN, President.
J. J. Guilfoyle, Secretary.
VpSB 1 MEMBEBS OF ST. JOSEPH'S BEN-
L***^ evoient Society— Yon will attend the semi-
annual meeting of the society on SUNDAY, Jan-
uary 12, at 2 p. M., for the election of officers
11. J. Brown-, Sec. W.M. MI'KASKV, Pies.
BK^S 3 DUTCH MINING AND MILLING COM-
*>-*» pany— The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH MINING AND MILL-
ING COMPANY will be held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68, Stevenson build-
ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery
streets, San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY the
21st day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
lor the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such other business as may be brought before the
meeting.
San Francisco, January 11, 1896.
„ „ G. TRIfTENBACII, President.
M. Claussen'iub, Secretary.
KB" ANNUAL M EETiNG— THB REGULAR
I**** annual meeting of stockholders of the
Oc«anic Steamship Company will be held at the
Office of the company, 327 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAy, the 21st day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday. Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
EP^Sp" NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
■>-*' the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Horsefly Gold Mining Company will be held at
Its office, 610 Clay street. San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 14th day of January, 1896, at 3
o'clock P. M. By order of the board of directors.
« -, „ EDWARD P. FLINT, President.
R. T. Ward, Secretary.
gPr~g=~P AND ferries B. B. CO.-
cb^&' The regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will beheld at the orlice of the company. 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's nlace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.", for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON, Secretary.
office— llll Union st., corner Sharp's place, San
Francisco. Cal. ■ • '
Jtgg= ANNUAL MEETING-THE ANNUAL
«*^ meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
cial Insurance Company of California will be held
at the office of the me •Insurance Company,
limited, of Manchester, England, 439 California St.,
Safe Deposit building, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January, 1896,
a; the hour of 12 o'clock, in accordance with by-
laws. .
CHARLES A. LA TON, Secretary.
San l-ranclsco. December 31. 1895. .-
«1VII)KN1> NOTICES.
jr^S» DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GERMAN
**-£>■ Savings and Loan Society. 526 California
street. For the half year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the ratfc of
four and twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per
cent per annum on term deposits, and three and
fifty-Hve hundredths (3 55-100) per cent par an-
num on ordinary deposits free of taxes, payable
on and after Thursday, January '_', 1896.
GEORGE TOIRNV, Secretary. ,
I CHURCH NOTICES.
IKS' HOWARIi^.METiSbTjIST^PIS^OPAL
i-*" 1 " Church, between Second and Third streets,
two blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case,
D.I), pastor; Martin Sehultz, musical director:
\\. *. Gibson. Sunday-school . superintendent.
Hours of public service: 11 a. m and 7:30 p.m.;
Sunday-school at 12:30; prayer meeting Wednes-
day evening; Epworth League 6:30 Sunday even
ing. Morning subject. "A Bright Morning, a
stormy Day and a starless Night"; evening sub-
ject, "The Fast Young Man or the Gambling
Mania. Pastor's residence, 212 Powell street;
telephone, black 1131; church telephone, black
001.
Rr~S=" SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
<-** Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sis.— Rev. John Stephens pastor. Residence, 309
Halght st. Preaching at 11 a. M. and 7:30 p.m.
he pastor will preach at both services. Subject
at 11 a.m.: "The Restoration of Peace": at 7:30
p. M. : i '•The Greatest of a Great Trio." Sunday-
school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins superin-
tendent. Epworth League service at 6:30 p. m.
1 be public cordially invited 10 all the services of
this church. Se:its free. Ushers In attendance.
I rayer-meetlng Wednesday evening 7:45 o'clock.
FPSIF*,, UNION-SQUARE FREE BAPTIST
»>-*' Church (open communion), 1227 Bush
street, near Larkin— Rev. William N. Meserve.
pastor; Rev. Isaac Belknap, associate. Preaching
Sunday morning, 12th, by the pastor. Subject:
"A Definite Aim in Life." Associate will preach in
the evening. Sunday school a! 12:30. Juniors
at 5 o'clock and Y.P. S. c. E. at 6:3^ Two
o'clock meeting in the lecture-room e\Wy day.
free for all. Rev. Mr. and Mrs. iselknap are parish
visitors, and at present are engaged In a house-to-
housa canvass. Midweek meeting Wednesday
evening.
S£~§=> FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
ur^zr cor Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st ,_
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor; Rev!
Edwin H. Jenks, co-pastor. Morning service at
11 o'clock, Dr. Mackenzie will preach. Evening
service at 7:30, the Rev. Mr.Jenks will preach.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Young People's
society of Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m.
Prayer-meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p.m. All are
welcome to these services.
Ijjr-'-gp FIRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
I*-^ Church, Golden Gate avenue and Polk
street— Services 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Rev. M.
M. Gibson, D.D., pastor. Young people's service,
6:30 p. m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Subject for the morning: "A Religion Not to Be
Ashamed Of"; even ng: "Backbone." Stran-
gers welcome. Seats free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
J!P~p=» MISS FBANCES BERNHARD 17a
i»»- sy Sixth, room I— Genuine massage treatment.
jj£s|p» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
•»>-»' Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 6580.
er^§= CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
■ * fully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurhne Baths.
itLMf WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
l *~ o ' scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages cuaranteed. C. ROSSI t V CO., 242 Sutler,
jlt^S 3 BOOMS WHITENED. $1 UP; PAPER-
Ur^" rd $3 50 uo. 3171 Third. George Hartman.
Drr^=> CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
i^-^ Chiropodlejjistitute, room 9, 906 Market.
ft^S=> ANDONED CHILDB E X A DMI TT ED
<-l^ o ' into St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
from July 1, 1894, until December 31, 1895: Wil-
liam Flnsterbosch 5 years, James Doran I years,
Grace Doran 2 years. Johannah Moesch 4 years.
i.d Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbuscb 3 years,
George Lombard 4 years.
CT^S= NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
ur-jy the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society has admitted to their institution the
following orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
from June 30, 1895, to January 1. 1896: Edith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. Newton. 5 yrs :
M tie Campbell, 5 vrs.; Ethel M. Moffatt. 5
yrs.; Paul Duering, 2 yrs.: George Grass, 6 yrs ;
Willie Coo s, 11 yrs.; Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.:
Willie A. Newton, 2 yrs. : James O. Morritson, 4
yrs.: Frederick a. Moffatt, 6 vrs.; Carl Smith.
12y yrs. ; Edmund l:. Bedford, 10 yrs. ; Thomas
Semler, 7 yrs. ; Delbert D. i aley, 4 yrs.
S!^3p» MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
ur-'-' 8, second Boor; genuine massage treatment.
ig^qs= MBS. Wallace, 109 POWELL st.,
■ Lg-.&' room 23: genuine magnetic treatment.
SITUATIONS WANTED-*
■y O u3To~g e rm'an " WOMAN wish A
X situation for cooking and housework in small
American family; city or country. Address E. R.,
box 61, Call Office.
V OUNG GIRL, TO DO HOUSEWORK, $10. 20n
X Sheridan st.
y" OUNG SUE DISH GIRL, USED TO SEWINO,
X wants a place ill a dressmaking establishment.
Address 1042 Army st., city.
WKDISH GIRL WANTS A SITUATION AS
O second girl or chambermaid In a private, re-
SDectable family. For good reference call at Fulton
Hotel, room 19, 3 Fulton st., Sao Francisco.
\\T ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS COOK AND i
M second girl: wages $20, $25. Call 406 Minna.
UT ANTED— POSITIONS IX ONE FAMILY BY j
'* two Eastern girls: one as working housekeep-
er and one at waiting and erivork. Address
EasUrn, box 11, Call Office.
T^REssMXKEirwTsTiTis engagements IX
XJ families; $1 25 per day; cuts by tailor system;
riresies made over; children's also. Address 1703
Jessie St.. near Eighteenth.
WIDOW, EXPERIENCED IN BUSINESS, !
» » wants chamberwork in hotel, or to clean a few j
offices. Address MRS. ROOS, room 113, 715 How- :
ard st.
pELIABLE YOUNG WO MAN WISHES POSI- j
! -lt tion to do light housework, chamberwork or
assist In kitchen, hotil or bor.rding-house. Call or
address 329 Fourth s . for 2 days.
WAN III) SITUATION" FOR YOUNG GIRL
to assist in llirht housework or take care of I
Children. Apply 411 Ims si., basement.
Uf ANTED— Bi a MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
woman, a situation as good cook in a private
family. Apply at 620 Minna, near Seventh.
j iy ANTED— POSITION as SEAMSTRESS;
j '» is a first-class dressmaker; has good refer-
j ences. Address 1324 Sacramento st.
WANTED— POSITION AS WORKING
'» housekeeper; private or hotel; or would go In-
to business with reliable party. Address MRS. 1-.
K. WAGENKR, I klah. Cal.
pESPECTAIfi.E WOMAN WISHES DAY-
J t work of any kind. Plea«e call at 1316 Bryant.
"yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 11 Kearny, r. 27, first floor.
RELIABLE Woman WANTS TO GO OUT BY
the day, washing, ironing, housecleaniiig. 829
Hayes, nr. Fillmore (basement).
O.MAN WILL DO ANY KIND OF PLAIN
sewing; gentlemen's clothes cleaned and
pressed. 11l Fourth st., rm. 15.
\y\' RELIABLE WOMAN; IS GOOD COOK*;
J ' will do light housework; will work for moder-
ate withes: city or short distance in country: no
postals. Call or address 27% Fourth St., upstairs.
0 EXPERIENCED' RELIABLE GIRLS FOB
— housework with very best of re:erences. Ap-
Ply ill Washington st., Oakland.
WANTED— BY EASTERN NURSE, TO CARE
'» for invalid or elderly person; best of references
given and required. MRS. a., 771 Fourteenth st.,
Oakland.
yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
X as housekeeper. 203 Powell St., room 5.
WANTED— BY A RESPECTABLE, COMPE-
» » tent woman, position as chambermaid in hotel,
or second work In a private family. Call or ad-
dress 119 Silver st.
POSITION WA N EXPERIENCED
X nurse would like a position; prices reasonable.
Call or address 36 Caseili aye.. bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth sts. :■ '_■■ •" , ■:'■'■
T ADY QUALIFIED TO HOLD aNY POSI-
I Ll tion of trust as housekeeper, governess, com-
panion to invalid, or would take charge of a resi-
dence injubsenceof owner; best of reference given.
Address B. 15. 8., box 16, Call Office.
yOUNiJ i.I 111. WISHES PLACE AT LIGHT I
X housework or attending bakery. Ca 1 or address
1317 Mission st.
Y\riDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES PO8I-
'» tion in lodging-house or small fanily. Apply
2C2y 3 Turk St.
XTOUNG WIDOW NTS A SITUATION AS
■1 type-writer. 873 Marketst., room 13, 2d floor.
pEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES A POS I-
XL tion as companion to elderly lady or Invalid
; daughter In country or city; Spanish and English
j spoken: best of references given and required.
| Call at 870 Adeline st., bet. 2 and 4 p. M., Oakland.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 III!!) ST., Nil.
»» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night;
$1 SO to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus to anil from trie ferry.
SITUATIONS « AVifci>-9lALfe.
"I7<OR A COOK, WAITErT^aTimTjrTbLACK^
X smith and laborers send your orders to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
1 > C. G. COO SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X .branches: short notice. 14 Geary. Grant 46.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
<-se employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
pHINESE and JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
W office; best help. 414y O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
W ANTED— POSITION AS COLLECTOR: CAN
• ' furnish real estate bonds or give cash security
and furnish best of references. Address F. 11.. box
59, Call Office.
Col< ) i : i ■": i > MAN WANTS SITUATION AS
VJ porter, waiter, watchman or any other kind of
work. Call or address 619 Ellis St., In rear.
S" INGLE MAN, 43, EDUCATED, REFINED,
O pleasant-mannered, wishes any useful employ-
ment, however humble; expert accountant; accus-
tomed to handle horses; strictly sober anil reliable:
no objection to country. S. M.F., box 160, Call.
T7l l RST-CLASS ' PAINTER AXD " POLISHER^
X strictly sober, wishes situation in hotel or insti-
tution; steady place more an object than wages.
Call or address 58 Sacramento St., Mariners' read-
ing-room.
WANTED-WORK YOUNG MAN (GER-
»' man) to do chamberwork. wait at table or do
kitche.i work. Please address 11. VIELITZ, 631
Sacramento st . room 86.
yOUNG MAN LIVING WITH HIS par-
X ents desires a position In blacksmith or wagon-
making shop; two years' experience. Address
221 < Enclnal aye., Alameda. Cal. ■
SO BE R INDUSTRIOUS PROTESTANT
k^ rancher; wants steady place: can milk, plow
and do teaming; «20 per month. Address P. R.,
bjx 155, call office. ,
S~ TRONG BOY WISHES POSITION; HAS EX-
> J perience In candy trade; willing to doany work.
Call or address 476 Jessie at.
FITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
■\\rANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
» » man) to (Jo chamberwork, wait at table or kit-
chenwork. Please address H. VIELITZ, 631 Sac-
ramento st., room 86.
npiIOROUGH EXPERIENCED ENGINEER
x and machinist wishes steady employment;
wages low. Address T. E., box 102, Call Office.
■yOUNG man OUT OF EMPLOYMENT
X would like work of any .kind; sober, honest and
obliging. Apply j., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
BARBER ; FIVE "MONTHS 1 EXPERIENCE,
JJ wants position. Ad. Barber, box 54, Call Office.
0 ITU ATI- IN BY A YOUNG MAN, WITH THE
O best references; reliable and correct habits; can
do any kind of work; coachman or lake care of
private place; can paint, barber and milk; handy
with tools. Address J. M.. pox 53, Call Office.
yOUNG M , A £ WA TO LEARN COOKING.
_J L _Address_G :^._F :L box 117, Call office.
SITUATION" IN A PRIYATK FAMILY TO
take care of horses and cows and do general
work, by a middle-aged man from the East. Ad-
dress P. G., box 146, Call Office.
WANTED-BY RESPONSIBLE MAX, -V PO-
' ' smon to collect for reliable parties; wages rea-
sonable. Address S. 8., box 122, Call office.
DANE, THOROUGHLY UNDERSTANDS
X./ horses, cows, garden and general work at city
or country residences, wishes situation; references
J. r«., 416 Broadway, city.
WANTED -SITUATION AS GARDENER;-
-*» can milk, drive, handy with tools; references.
Address J. L., box 59, Call Office.
WANTED— BY A MIDDLE-AGED MAN, TO
'» care for horse and garden, who thoroughly
understands his business; can milk and make him-
self generally useful; best of references. Address
A. 8., box 78, this office.
y OUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION ON PRI-
X vate place; can take care of horses; can milk,
drive, handy with tools: first-class reference-
speaks German and English. Address G. E., box
54, Call Office.
rpo NURSERYMEN AND ORCHARDISTS-
-I- Newly arrived experienced nurseryman wishes
to get employment; willing to start with low
wages. Address, in writing, M. P., box 21, Call.
OITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN AS
kj foreman on ranch, nursery, or as gardener on
a private place; 18 years' experience and good ref-
erence. Address S. W., box 64, Call Office.
ELI ABLE YOUNG MAN.WELL ACQUAINT -
Xt ed with city retail grocery tfnde, wants position
as drummer; can give references and security if
required. G., 208 Mason st.
SITUATION WANTED — AS MAN ABOUT
to place; city or country: wages $20 per month.
Address \\\, box 16, Call Office.
"yOUNG MARRIED MAX, WITH 15 YEARS'
X experience in furniture, carpets and all
branches of house-furnishing, wants position. D.,
care Hotel Savoy.
"yOUNG MAN LATELY ARRIVED FROM
X Ireland sires situation as clerk in an office or
work in a store. Address D. KELLY, 22 Sharon st.
POSITION WANTED as PORTER OB
X watchman or clerk In hardware-store; best ref-
erences. Room 87, 628 Montgomery st.
AS ARRIED MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
! •IX watchman, night or day; good security given,
Call or address H. FRANKLIN, 514 Sanchez St.,
nr. Eighteenth.
GARDENER — PERMANENT POSITION
yj wanted by a professional gardener with 12
years experience in this State in caring for exten-
sive private places; highest references given. Ad-
dress E. G., box 122, this office.
<S?QfJ A MONTH — FIRST-CLASS BAY-
».tP«JV tender must have work in .loon or whole-
sale liquor-store: good references. Address 24V 2
Garden st., city.
Boy! age 16, wants work in or
around store; good references. Address 37
Ritchst., -• :
Y l ' I : S E OR VALET TO INVALID GENTLE-
-i-i man; long experience; highest medical and
private references; speaks French, German, Eng-
lish. Address Nurse, 315 Stockton st.
PRACTICAL MINING MAN DE.-IRES POSI-
-1 tion as manager or foreman at a quartz mine:
understands bookkfeping, min;n^ensinetring and
assavlngand all underground work. Address J.,
box 59, this office.
FEKAUS HELP AVAMKI).
candinTv i AN^^o^K7~s3^r^swEDTsn;
k- ' cooks and downstairs girls. $25; cook and down-
stairs girl, who can cook German style, small
family, $25; a number of neat, American, German
and Scandinavian house it's, $15 to $25; young
second girl. $15; 2 young nurseyirls, $12 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary St.
VfEAT YOUNO WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK;
i-i Eureka; $25 and fare paid; see parly here, 10
a. M. to-day. C. R. lI A NSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
G1 BEEN GERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL: SEE
T party here; $20. CR. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
pHAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS, COUN^
\J try hatel, free fare, $20; restaurant waitress,
$5 a week; waitress, city, $15; waitress, country,
$15; cook, small country hotel, $20. C. B. HAM-
SEX CO., 110 Geary st".
\\T Aff RE SS7~C Ty7s2O; YOUNG KITCHEN-
'» girl, hotel, near city, $15. 0. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
CUIAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS, COUN
vJ try hotel, $20; chambermaid assist waiting,
$20; 2 waitresses, same house, city, $15 each.
MURRAY ifc READY, 634 Clay st.
BENCH. GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN
JC girt to cook: sniHll American family; city; $20.
MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay st.
rpWO FIRST-CLASS GERMAN COOKS FOR
I- small families in city, $35; also a first-class
French cook, $40. Apply MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutter st. ,
WANTED— A WAITRESS FOR INSTITU-
»' tion. $15. Apply MISS PLUNKKTT, 424
Sutter st.
p KRMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK FOR
VJT family of 2, $20. Apply MISS PLUNKETT,
424 Sutterst.
/COMPETENT FRENCH OR GERMAN
VJ nurse tor infant, $j5. Apply Miss I'LUN-
KETT, 424 Sutter st.
"UT ANTED— A WAITRESS AND PARLOR
»' maid for small American family in city, $25.
Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutler st.
\UAXTEO- WAITRESS FOR FIRST-CLASS
»» boarding-house in city, $20. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 sut-irst.
p E i;.MAN OK FRENCH LA 1) V MAID, $25 :
vJ second girl, $25; nurse, $15: 20 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
assist, flO to $15. Miss CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
Q YOUNG GIRLS FOB A STORE, $4 PER
*£ week. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
TVTEAT GIRL AS COMPANION, $10. MISS
1\ CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
WAITRESS; SLEEP HOME: PRIVATE
II boarding-house; $15. MISS CULLEN, 105
Stockton st.
p ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN HOUSE-
\Jf work girl; 2 in family; $30. MISS CULLEN,
105 Stockton st.
171 BENCH SF.coND GIRL; $25. MISS CUL-
T LEN, 105 Stockton, st.
W ANTED— KICAN FOREMAN FOR
»» mine; 2 German or American miners, $2 50
day; boy to drive milk wagon, $10 and found; but-
ler, $35, and others. Apply to J. F. CBOSETT <fc
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
"WAITRESSES FOR LOS ANGELES AND
'I vicinity: excellent hotels. MARTIN'S Em-
ployment Agency,. 749 Market st.
\\' ANTED— RELIABLE COUPLE ON SMALL
ii private place: wife good plain cook and
general housework; man must understand care of
carriage horses thoroughly and be generally use-
ful: small wages; good steady home. Address,
with references, 1., box 95, Call Office. Oakland.
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. APPLY
361'JJ/a Sixteenth St., nr. Noe, or at DR. HAL-
PRUNER'S office, 850 Market St., between 10 and
12 o'clock.
I R I . TO ASSIST IN I,IOUT HOUSEWORK;
must sleep home. Apply in blacksmith-shop,
114 Dm mm st.
rpAILORESSES ON BOYS' CLOTHING:
x steady employment; good wages. A. GIRY.
635 Kearny st.
WANTED— FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
»i work. 1613 a Sutter St., 9to 12 o'clock.
ANTED— NEAT YOUNG GIRL TO DO
light housework; two In family. 506 Jessie st.
RELIABLE GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
it and assist with children. 2006 Sutter st.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK; MUST
sleep at home. 720Lagunast.
WANTED— YOUNO GIRL TO wash NAP-
ii kin 3; wages $20. Apply 517 Montgomery st.
"LMNISHER ON CUSTOM COATS. 627 iVA-
-L toma st.
OUSEKEEPER WANTED; NOT OVER 35.
H. X., box 53, Call Office.
I ADY CANVASSERS; GOOD PAY. 110
i Geary st.
SWEDISH AND GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
O Office, liy 3 Autonla St., off Jones, nr. Ellis.
WANTED— A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
>> general housework. 213 Lancton st.
■V OUNG GIRL FOR~LI<;-1 HOUSEWORK:
X 2019 Pine st., bet. 9 and 11.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
ANTED — WAISTS TO CUT, FIT AND
1 1 drape for 2 weeks at $1 60. 1222 Pine st.
j GE KM AN SERVANT GIRL WANTED. 463
VJ Natoma st., cor. Sixth.
"W ANTED — DRESSMA TO LEARN
" how to cut regular tailor system : only reliable
system ; no models, charts or squares used. COHIS,
Ladies' Tailor, 316 Sinter at., city.
"CiXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON WHITE
XJ shirts. GREENEBAUM.WEIL&MICHELS,
531 Mission st. , .
W" ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
' * term commences this mo. Room 51, 121 Post.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
-LX Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
•-00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 £0 to $6 per
week ; free bus to and trom the ferry. *
DURING THE SALE LADIES' WOOL SUITS
$3 90. .N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
HAI RDRESSING, 25c AND 3£>c; MORNING
and ev'g classes; 10 lcssons,sl 50. 1248 Mission.
HELP WANTED-Contlnued.
Wantet>^h?piTs~f?)r~l>hl^
linery: positions found; terms reasonable.
234 Taylor st. j
T AWJtENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DREbS-
JU cutting school. 1231 Market st..Det. Bth and 9th.
DRESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. tailor
system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
ti Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 26c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f">e bus ro and from the ferry. ■ ■' ■' -"'
MALE HKLI- WA I\ISI>.
3 COOKS, $30, ?40 ANTj'S^oT^rsTToRT^ORDER
cooks; choreboy; baker, country. MURRAY
& REa I)Y, 634 and 638 Clay st.
OOK— A KANT; NEAR CITY; $60.
' C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary si.
EAD COOK, $12 A WEEK; _ WAITERS,
country hotel south, $25, room, etc MAR-
TIN'S Employment Agency, 749 Market St.
TIT ANTED— CLEAN, TEMPERATE, ELDER-
'» ly man wi o understands the care of carriage
horses thoroughly and to make himself generally
useful about the house; small wages: steady
place. Address, with references, H., box 102, Call
Office, Oakland.
WANTED—SUPERINTENDENT for gold
' » mine in California; only parties with large ex-
perience and bt-st Of references need address.
P. O. box 2046, city.
WANTED — A GOOD BOY, GENERALLY
» ' useful; live with his parents. Call bet» 11 ana
3 o'clock. 410 McAllister st.
T>A RTY WITH $100 OK MORE TO ENGAGE
X in raising chickens, pigs and vegetables. Apply
at Call office. ,
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238y 2 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— 2 BARBERS~FOR SATURDAY 7
and Sunday at 137y2 Fifth st.; chance for a
steady job.
pOOD BARBER. 630 FOURTH STREET.
ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 30 EAST ST.
BARBER SATURDAY AND SUNDAY;
steady. 629 Union st.
ARBER, FIRST CLASS, FOR SATURDAY
-1-* afternoon and Sunday. 202 Fourth st.
BARBER WANTED EVERY SATURDAY
evening and Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
UABBEB FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST.
~D ARBER WANTED. 626 FOURTH STREET.
WANTED — BOYS BETWEEN 15 AND 17
' ' years of age. 206 Kearny st., room 5.
pOAT-MAKER FOR COUNTRY. REISS
V BROS.. 24 Sutler St. .
QHORT -ORDER COOK WANTED AT 43
O Second st.
GOOD BO' .TBLACK. 128 1 /. O'FARRELL ST.,
VJ corner Powell.
/ iA\ V A 88 EB S-GOOD PAY. 110 GEARY ST.
WANTED— YOUNG MAN ACCUSTOMED TO
*T restaurant work. Apply 1805 Height st.
MOZART, 819 ELLIS— ROOMS 25c TO 60c
-LX night, $1 26 to $5 week; reading-rooms.
\TEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
-i-> 25?- up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
YE W WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET".
-l-> Third and Fourth— furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
QALOON PARTNER; PAYING CORNER; EX-
-0 perlence not necessary; some money. 633
Howard st.
fToSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
IV furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
WANTED— WORKING PARTNER WITH
' » $50: Inside work. X., box 131, this office.
1 (\(\ MEN '" GET A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
•Ivy clean towel to each; bay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14y 2 Montgomery aye.
VKW RAND," 246 THIRD; " 200 SUNNY
-•-> rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
\\T ANTE D— PARTNER IN GOOD PAVING
n business: small capital; good investment: ad-
vertiser is a butcher and suusagemaker. 335y 2
Fourth.
TpOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
X" try 13% Grant uve.; coffee a specially.
AN CAPABLE OF INTERVIEWING BUSl-
ness men. 423 Spreckels building.
|7_B s r l r 7 CLASS OPERATOR OS CLOAKS
X? wanted. BOTWIN, room 34, History building.
BEST E IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
J-) shoes, 126%, opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth st.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
i-( Hair BARBER-SHOP AT A SACRIFICE;
■± must be sold by the 17th; owner leaving city.
Call 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHB.
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE— 4 CHAIRS;
best stand in city. 19 Fourth st., near Market.
X(WI MEN TO GET A STYLISH & DCRABLB
O V/L'shoe made to ordir at $2 50. 959 Howard s f .
MEN AND BOYS— GOOD CHANCE TO
make money fast and respectably. For par-
ticulars call or address 632 Market St., room 10.
Post office box 2299. •
EST MEAL oN EARTH; WELL COOKED: 8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
SEAMEN FOR SYDNEY, NEW YORK AND
other ports. Apply 10 Steuart st., upstairs.
"\| EN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
iX is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
rpi-IE RAILROAD HOUSE, 633 COMMERCIAL
1 st., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
\\rjlAT CHEER HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
'* st.: 200 rooms; best in the city: single rooms
20 and 25c a night, #1 it week: meals 10c.
Air INCH ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a ni_ut; reading-
room; free bus to and from the ferry.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKl'-
reiarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant are. S. FUCHS.
11/" ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
» » their wages to place accounts with us; law and
commercial collection: no charge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY 110 sutler, r. 4.
1 lIH - Mi;N '" TAKE LODGING AT IUC, 1!) C
.l"'v/ and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
"TO" ANTED— MEN TO GET "BOTTLE SHARP
" steam beer. sc: bottle wine. sc. 60S i Clay St.
MEN'S 1/2-SOLING 50c: LADIES 1 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T INDELI. HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOW'ARD-
XJ single firmshod rooms: 75c week, 15c night.
Ij A RBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
IJ ment. secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 667 Cla>.
■\\' "ant la borers AND MECHANICS
" 10 know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150
l«rne rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
Or ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, A DAY; $1
» » week: rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers- 36 Clay st.
T 1 RE _ BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
F also a bottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
1 I : I'- 1 ■: COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 S _ SOME:
V single rooms 15c, 20c a night, *1 a week.
BEST IN ClTi— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; SI, SI 25, $1 60 ]—r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and LeidesdorfT sts.
|||||M _N'BH_<JI iMI-HAMILIisth >KN.-)OA1_
•3 nearly new. -'5e to *] 25. 562 Mission st.
TRY ACME HoXsK, 957 market s>T., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: 51 a week.
u st OUT: NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
O ing shoes: call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 562 Mission Et., bet. First and Second.
AGKXTS WAHTKD. ')
ADY^AGIfiiNTS TO HANDLE FINE LINE
ladies' articles; can make $25 per week; exclu-
sive rights. C. C. Company, 131 Post st.
CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
v^ wants cood agents to work its accident and
Rick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secretary, Murphy building.
FURNITURE WASTED
pASH PRICE PaTdT^I^InTtURE. J A~-
COB SCIIWEBDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
ABSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
A second-hand furniu.io and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co.. 813 Market St.: call or send postal.
IU>O q.-- WA.NTKD.
WANTED — GOOD ROOMS ANiTboaRD
with a nice family north of Geary st. ; will pay
$100 a month for man and wife. Address NB'
box 72, this office. '
W I T Kl>-MISCEL_,ANJiOUS.
WANTB I > • W l l .< ■( .x .V < . I KIis^AI'TOJIATIC
f » sewing-machine. S. M., box 51, Call. All^
W ANTED To RENT-POULTRY RANCH- 5
>» to 10 acres. Address a. 8., box 54, Call Office.
ANTED- YOUB WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
»» repairing: best work at half the regular pric-
DEJ.-SS. watchmaker. 126 Kearny st.. third floor!
OELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW"
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth st,: send postaL
I-ODGI\«.HOIISJES jroi. BALE.
«21 0 10 - K1 , )<)M HOUSE; GOOD LOCATION;
•! _<_v/. nearly new. *;,,'- ;, - .*
18 rooms: best corner in city. 1 Ron
14 rooms, on Geary st. . 's^n
80-room hotel, with bar: *6' ____«■*.""._,' 3,500
20 rooms, sunny corner: must 5e11..;....... 700
52 rooms to exchange for real estate 1.6J0
10- room house: very central _5O
$50,000 to loan on furniture:
H. C. PECKER, 1206 Market st., cor. Taylor.
POMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL WISHKs TO
426 S°ho t e weTi a ]t. hOUSeWOrIC a d cookln «- Address
TJOUSEr72 ROOMS: MUST SELL; A BAl£
XX gain: owner eavlng town. 307 Four 11 st.
©(-: Pif) ■ NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE 12
r«Jin; v - rooms on Market street: all rented and
paying well. Business Exchange. 873% Market.
.^ k) ()U : £ «I*G-HOUSE FOR SALE. NR.
r^rlpp.^^^S^rd 1 . furnlshed r °°"' 3;
60 " 00 . , WELL FURNISHED. NKAR
u\/ Sixth and Market, clearing over $100 a
month. SPECK _ CO., 602 Market st. *
BUSINESS CHAXCES. /;
<2»Onn SAL()ON:"^ULT~vX£uE STOCK ;
«ipZUU. fixtures given away: block off Market:
amount death. STENB ERG & TREIBER, BSJ
Market st. .
VKERY COFFEE PARLOR: VERY BEST
-D location; finest fitted-up place in city ; has very
large counter and outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial untU
satisfied- owner has 3 places: must sell one at sac-
rfnee T STENBERG & "tKEIBEK, 632 Market St.,
opposite Palace Hotel. ■ ■
fll« " r\ PARTNER RESTAURANT AND
tIbOOU. chophouse near transfer point: big day
and night trade; guarantee clear $75 monthly :
full investigation: trial before buying. BTEN ,
BERG TREIBER, 632 Market st.
Ci9Ori RESTAURANT NEWLY FITTK I)
»Jb_,UU. up: rent and water taken out In board;
no night or Sunday work; receipts »10 dally, big
bargain. BTENBERG TREIBER, 632 Market St.
Q-\ 7 - PARTNER IN A PAYING CASH
«3)l/0. business in this city: S**y° r 2 |f / B
monthly: can be increased. JOHNSIO.N, -b' -2
Kearny st. ; .
©.inn route CLE ARIN G $100 month ly.
*s>-tUU. JOHNSTON <fc CO., an 3 Kearny st.
...1,),!,, ONE OF THE FINEST SALOONS
t^_._.UH. on Market st. paying over all ex-
penses $350 monthly. JOHNSTON CO., -b l /.
Kearny .st. ____
€! (An GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRI-
•Jp^tUU. flee. JOHNSTON. 26 1 _ Kearny st.
C*Qf\li RARE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND
OOUW. dairy business: old established; good
trade: profits $125 a month; can be Improved.
JOHNSTON. 26y 3 Kearny st.
\\rilEN YOU~ARE~DISOUSTED WITH OTH-
" ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. REIDY _ CO., 13% Sixth st.
OLD ESTABLISHED LODGING-HOUSE, IN
connection with fine saloon: doing gooa busi-
ness; fine location. HKIHY & CO., 13y Sixth St.
If OB SALE— BUTCHER-SHOP AND SLATGH-
-1 t-r-house in flourishing country town, 40 miles
from city; doing large business; icehouse, horses,
wagons, etc. R I D Y & CO. , 1 3 y a Sixth st.
171 OR SALE— FINE RESTAURANT AND
JO dining-room doing good business; tine fixtures;
excellent location. J. RKIDY & CO., Sixth.
"VTOTICE — HAVING SEVERAL BUYEBS
±S willing to invest !n legitimate business, parties
desiring to sell apply to HEALY A CO., 23 Kearny.
Qt'Tnfin BA~KERY~FdR~SA'LE = BAKING 18
*3r_.UUU. barrels per week: 2 horses and wagon,
5 living-rooms: will give a trial: rleiirlng per
month. Apply HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
OOQAA CORNER LIQUOR STORE DOING
»J>_.OUU. a business of $30 per day, clearing
$250 month: you can have month's trial: finest of
liquors and cigars. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
inn PARTNER WANTED, IN LIGHT
•_* iUV'. business, that will pay you $25 weekly.
• ©9 fifl BAKERY. AND NOTION STORE,
! tJpOUv*. clears $15 wklr: present owner 3 years.
j (JT.-1 m BUSINESS THAT WILL PAY YOU
tfr>loU. $10 to $12 weekly, for lady or gent.
STANLEY, 9 Geary, room 2.
<Z»^(\f\ PAYING CORNER GROCERY AND
»55OUU. bar; living-rooms; rent $25; must sell;
offer wanted. BARRETT _ SKIFF, 865y 3 Mar-
ket st. ;
pANDY-STORE; NO. 1 LOCATION; FINELY
VJ fitted ; doing good business ; best reason for sell-
j ing. BARRETT & SKIFF. 866V3 Market st.
'■ CMfiA COFFEE SALOON AND CHOPS;
.^IUV/.viciiiny Market and Sixth; finely fitted;
bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF, 865y g Market st
j (J|J n A GROCERY AND BAR. BEST POSSI-
tJp'ixJU. sible location: 3 living rooms: death,
cause sale. BARRETT & SKIFF, 866% Market.
_f\(\ $400
tIDttUU Restaurant, clearing $100 per month.
Apply to DECKER, 120ti Market, street.
3jQnn SALOON NEAR KEARNY ST.; DO-
•JOuU, ing good busines; pool tablet and cash,
register: 10 rooms nicely furnished; low rent; a
big bargain. PIERCE & CO., 22 Kearny st.
<^7(jA A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY 18
«jp I v»U . open to one wishing to engage In a good-
pnylns: shoe bnsiners; stock and fixtures will be
offered at a bargain; fine location; everything new.
J. B. Ml Han, 609 Kearny st.
I/ 1 OR SALE-GROCERY BUSINESS ON main 1
I X street, Oakland; stock new and well assorted; a
! good chance to secure a well-established business.
r... box 175, Call Office, Oakland.
171IBST-CLABB SALOON FOR SALE; LOCA-
X I tion: trade: lease. Particulars address C. H.,
I box 119, Call Office.
N At COUNT OF LEAVING FOR CKIPt:.K
Creek my old-established The Mocha Cafe is
; for sale; a raying business is ciiaranteed, with
j cheap rent and long lease. Apply 621 Montgomery.
i IMRKT-CLASS SALOON AND LUNCHHOUBE ;
j J. a paying business for the right party. Apply
j Enterprise Brewing Co., or get particulars 6 I lor.
SAVINGS BANK DEPOSITORS— WHY LOAN
kj your money to tanks at 3y to 41/. percent
when I will pay you 8 for 3 to $5000, with good
security? principals. L., box 48, Cail Office.
Best saloon in potrero: lioe ken.
tucky st.; sell cheap: near Union iron Works.
OR SALE- CIGAB-STOBE, FIXTURES AND
stock: $70. 1111 Fillmore st.
pIGAR-STORE: DOING PAYING BUS in
\J 3 furnished rooms: low rent; bargain. 417
Hayes SU
ARDWARE-STORE, NEW AND SECOND-
hand, at half price, or lots to suit; call imme-
diately; a bargain. 646 Mission st.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks: can be bought
I cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
XkT ANTED— A GOOD MAN WITH $100 CASH
*» to travel for an Eastern ll<iuorhouse. Address
L. W., box 79, Call Office.
rpo BE MILD THIS WEEK AT A BARGAIN—
X Fine restaurant with latest Improvements;
j worth $500; centrally situated; near Market St.;
i owner toing back East. Apply Call Office.
PARTY WHO HAS A GOOD BUSINESS
X wishes the loan of ?800 to enlarge the business,
1 or a partner with $6000. Address Partner, box 44,
this office.
rPAMALE CAFE AND DELICACY STORE
X for sale cheap. 1125 Valencia st., bet. Twenty-
second and Twenty-third.
piGAR-STORE FOB SALE: GOOD LOCA-
\J tion, at a bargain. 1055 Market st.
TAT ANTED— TO~BUY A GOOD BRANCH BAIC-
"' cry, or would open one in a good locality.
Address W. 1.. I .. 817 Mission st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON: DOING GOOD,
profitable business. Call after 12 _ 406 Dv-
! pom st.
EOT BARGAIN IN CITY; OLD-ESTAB-
lished grocery, bakery, candy and notion store,
wl:h rooms: goo.l cash trade; low rent. Inquire at
! Call Office.
17OR SALE-GOOD-PAYING HOME BAKE KX\
X confectionery, icecream and candy parlor-
cheap rent 5 living-rooms. Apply rail Office.
p URANT-MARKET ST.; CHEAP: Dis".
Xl> agreement partners; make offer. Apply 29 6th.
L'OK SALE OR EXCHANGE-FIRS
X corner saloon; best local ton in city: established
over 30 years; fine fixtures and large stock;
would like to exchange for ranch or city proper; v
Address 11. F.. box 61, Call Office.
$•)')■, BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-"
*iP«j— U. tionery store: 4 living-rooms; rent SIS:
i no agents. 841 y_ Fiflh st.
0" LD ESTABLISHED COFFEE SALOON AND
restaurant for sale. Apply 223 Montgomery nv.
\^.).)- BRANCH BAKEKY AND CHOICE
! V — — *J. groceries; living rooms partly fur-
nished; a bargain. Call at .tore. 921 Howard st.
<% IHO BABE CHANCE FOR A YOUXO
j «jpXV/U. man: peddling route with general mer-
: chandise, etc, In a thriving country town near San
! Francisco; established five years; can be largely
Increased; owner invalid. Address T., box 88.
this office.
RUGSTORE FOB A SONG-PAYING BUSl-
nest, in good locality: fixtures complete and
rent low: but small capital necessary; we must
sell. Address M. jr., care of Call Office, Oakland.
J^KUIT AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; GOOD
X horse and wagon: family and transient trade;
j cheap rent. ] «>4a Market st., cor. Gough.
\i UST BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY 1-2 KX-
.ti press- wagons; stand cor. feansome and Sutter.
j J. G. FREDERICKS, owner.
j V\ r ANTED— PARTNER WITH SOME CAP-
i " ital.lady or cent, in light paying business. Ad-
-1 dress A. M. ROSS, P. O. box 1032, !-nn Jose, Oat
Good OPPORTUNITY FOR an invest-
i VJ" ment of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address K. D., box 43, this office.
QjQfinn Route for BALE; EVENING
tip O\J\J\J. paper; pays $160 per month. Apply
this office.
CARPETS, KTC.
TprRNITUR~_~FcrR S\ I.K. ™~— ~^~^
Three rooms furnished complete $47 50
Four rooms furnished in ok 8000
Roxbury Carpets (30 days Only), laid 75
: Brussels Carpets (30 days only), laid - 45
Heavy Lino cum (SO days only), laid 40
Floor Oilcloth (30 days only), laid ... 20
SIIIRHK A>II IK IK. VM 0-I 'J Stockton St.
t'ARFKI « I. AMNG.
JK. M ITCH E 1.1. AItI'KICLKAMN!, OoTTaSj
• 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ARPKTS THOROUuHLY CLEANED AND
I renovated same as new. a FERGUSON _
CO.. 23 Tenth st. Telephone number, south 38.
pITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
I \J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND BEN-
• ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
| "VrATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND REXO-
1N vating Works HAMPTON 4BAILLY: laylne
I xnd alterlns. 313-316 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244,
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Plone«rUar-
ret Beating Works, 353-7 Tehama; lei. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS, isi
I \J Gold"n (?at<» ay.: telephonf ras; 126.
STOUAGS ~
velrland freigiTt transfer ~ccP
Fifth and Bluxome sts.— Furniture and goods
; packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
j houses: low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388.
S~~ TORAOE OF FURNITURE. PTANOsTHOUskr
I hold goods, etc.. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
| WILSON " BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
-1 »T Storage; low rates; telephone South 762.HOUSES TO r.KT. ,
lONEsW/BET. JACKSON AND PACIFIC
«l Neat 2-story bay-window house; 8 rooms and
bath ; rent low 10 a' good tenant.
Bush, bet. Mason and Taylor-Fine 3-story bay-
window house; 9 rooms and bath; rent low to a
good tenant. , ,
Golden Gate aye., bet Hyde and Larkin—
bay-window; 10 rooms and bath.
Apply to C. s. CAPP. t CO., House Brokers and
Real Estate Agents. 413 Montgomery st,
911 OEARY-UOUSK 11 BOOMS AND
— 1 1 bath: rent reasonable; key at ■•"i ■'■-••
VTK. CORNER OF LAG! > AND ELLIS-9
j-> rooms; bath; modern improvements; rent sou,
water included.
OCSK 2225 FOST-S ROOMS AND BATH;
basement; large garden; stable; driveway.
CiQ HOWARD ST. LODGING-HOUSE OR
• > It hotel. 36 rooms>«so: s tons* a. ■"•
Sunny" HOI SI 01 8 rooms; modern im-
provements. 730 Capp St. : also lioom 5 , rooms,
bath and stable; 107 Gtrniama St.. I:l ' ir ''■■"■-"••■
Qi Q A REDITCKD FROM -•" X ICE MODERN
•?■•)''. home of S rooms. Auply 15 Graut aye.
HOUSE OF 6 BOOMS and BATH AND
yard'; 147 Valencia si.; rent $16. Apply 2838
Mission. •
0 A VFD— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
bbv renting* bouse froni BALDWIN As HAM
,y QN!> 10 Montgomery si. I
HT.NISHKU lIUI -• S.
/COMPLETELY AND ELEGANTIA' FUR-
\J nished - torn bouse. Particulars of WILL K.
FISHKR A- CO.; 14 Post st.
YTIKGANTLY FURNISHED; 6 ROOMS;
Vj adults: responsible; choice location: sunny,
niodmi. I4::i Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
■j ~i\~ \ MASON— 4 ROOMS; CABLE LINK;
J. I U«) $11 to steady tenant; ke\ at. Isou-e.
flfcOn PLEASANT COTTAGE OF~6~ ROOMS
V^ — *'• and bath: large yard. 8-8 Capp st,
C'SU>NY".ROOMS; RGE GARDEN, BARN,
O chicken-house. Thirtieth st., south of Noe.
CU ] - \ 8050 JON ES. BET. UNION AND i FlL-
r|M»>. Bert; neatcoUS«e; 4 rooms and bath.
Apply to C. s .CAPP A CO., House Brokers and
Ke»l Kstate -gents, 413 Montgomery st.
QlTi ' OT r AGE: 8 ROOMS;" MAPLE court,
O LV.'. oil Fourteenth St.. bet. Guerrero and Do-
lores. Apply to Cs. CAPP <S CO. 413 Montgoni-
ery «t.. House Brokers and Real Estatt- Atrents^
»2» 9 A SEAT COTTAGE: s 5 ROOMS; BATH;
'„ — " '• sunny yard. 2425 Post st.
>)')|i CENTRAL AVE.— COTTAGI : 5 R< tOMS;
~—\J bath; key at 2917 Bush st.
r^oiT age 7 Tkooms a xd'bTvjti. ! Ti: ish~
VJ ed or unfurnished, cheap. -.->-! McAlllsterstJ
"OUNN. COTTAGE!. Of ; AM' 5 HOOMt..
>j l'atn. basement and yard. 634 l*>tli.nr. Dolores.
IXATS TO 1.1. 1 .
ipR^sIDIoTirETGTFT^^^UNI?Y^uYpER
-1- liat : ii rooms, reception hull: open plumbing:
electric i;us lighting; fine view; separate Mice.
Kacrumeiito and I.uurel sts.
l/IK>l ll.' '■ I. i JiuoMS;. LARGE YARD;
J unfinished basement; $lt>: clean and In sooa
repair; <iuiet, attraciiw, private streot. DEMP-
STER. 86 Glen Park aye., oil Twelfth st.
•y LEG UPPE R FL AT ; ( 6 >•■ "iMs: BATH;
J j all modern improvements. 1006 Hayes St.,
facing Alamo squi r--.
QVXNY UPPEB FLAT: ALL MODERN* IM-
k~ prnvements: bay-window. 714 Ridley st.
1 ■ r.il FLAT— I>27 LAHKIX ST.~. 6 ROOM~S
U and bath: rent cheap to irood tenant.
C' 1 A UPI'liR FLAT OF 4 ICE CLEAN
"11. rooms. '.H.i Oak st.
IMI U R ~ROOM s7"IIAT TiTt H I D FLOOR; SO
. children: sl2 50: quiet, sunny, clean attractive
DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Par* aye., oil Twelfth st
QUNNYIFLATj3|BOOMB:IGAB.DEN:rALSO
0 one 4 rooms, bath: 913 and $16. 17Uti Pos. St.
T7IVE LARGE BOOMS. FRONT REAR
I yards, sunny; $25. -- Twelfth st., between
SJtssion an.i Howard.
■^"•J i B L» HAVES ST.. BET. WEBS
OJL"i« and Fillmore; middle bay-window Hal; 4
rooms and bath.
*23 50— 2054 Jones and Filbert sts., SE corner;
8 rooms and bath.
Apply to CL s. CAPP & CO., irou.se Brokers and
Real Estate Agents, 413 Montgomery st.
1 VIINJCWJ FINE ROOMS WITH 2 BATHS; ON
1 ~i second and third floor--: can be useil tosether
oraaSAi on Hayes «... let. Octavia a ? id La-
guna: also 2 neat flats, 5 rooms and bath each, on
Linden aye., bet. Hayes e:ni Fell, Octavia an i La-
Uiinast*.: rent low to good tenants. Apply to C.
S. CAPP & CO., 413 Montgomery St., House Brok-
ers and Real (.state Agents.
VTEW SUNNY FLAT; CASTRO CABLE:
X\ 5 rooms, bath; Bis 0. was $20; water free;
see photograph. S. D. HOVEYJ .608 California st.
T'XNY UPPER KLAT 7 ROOMS AND BATH";
ell modern improvements. b25 lluyes st.
<»1 C FOUR ROOMS; YARD; STONE SIDE-
vi"- walk. 2927 Sacramento st. cars.
~Y TsT COMPLETKD --' CORNER BAY'-wrx-
' ' dow flat; 6 rooms: bath. Cor. Mission and :3th.
"I UWI PA ItT OF HOI RENT.
JJ 908 1^ Post st.
"^.l 9~LOWF.rTI.\T. 3 lane i lace, OFF
•.I—. Pine St.. near Mason.
KfS REDUCED: ELEGANT NEW FLATS:
NE. cor. Haight aurt scotc its.: 6 and 7 modern
fcunnv rooms: keys 202 Bco I St.; l-o see them,
CENTER & SPADER, 30 Montgomery st.
VLEOAXT NEW CORNEB FLAT. 8 ROOMS
XJ and every Imaginable convenience; worth
while seeing. 1239 Pine su
VNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH.
0 1818 Bush st.
VJ-EW, SUNNY". 4-ROOM FLAT; MODERN
i-i improvements. 6 Tremont aye.. near Waller
St., Golden Gate Park.
II \: 6 ROOMS; BATH; YARD; BASEMENT.
J 327 Haisht St.
'"ij- -'' WEP.STER— SUNNY FLATS OF 6
— " ' I and 7 rooms; newly renovated: rent reas-
onable.
*Q 2srXXYFLATs; 3 ROOMS EACH. 37
t«pt/» Dore st., off Harrison, near Ninth.
I7,TPP£RFLAT;a7SHOTWELIiST.;}6IIOOM.a
\J handsomely papered; hath; basement; quiet
home for old people; ?23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
,r-LAT— UPPER ■FLAT. OF 4 SUNNY BOOMS
I and bath: : __«;■_> Eighteenth st-: rent*l3: new
building. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
J. | - FLAT "I" ft LARGE SUNN". ROOMS
«JTJO. and bath; water free. 814 Nineteenth
xt . bet. Noe and Sanchez.
<i ". F"LAT~«ji-'~5 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
•_ 1»). and bath: water free. 25 Ford 8.., bet.
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe and Sanchez.
} Elegant new flats, seventh sr., v~-
Jj low Rryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: -$8 to $16.
"v^AVED- DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a Hat from BALDWIN <fe HAM-
Mi.Mi I" Montgomery st.
HOL'SEKEKFLNU ROOMS.
Clara Street.
I Q CLARA— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
\LO housekeeping; bath.
Eddy Street.
(.1 7 EDDY— NICELY' FURNISHED HOUBE-
r 'l i keening rms; tine location; private family.
Kills Street.
A'\A ELLIS ST.— SUNNY UNFURNISHED
!•) 1 rooms; with or without carpet; gas range.
Fifth Street.
J9QI FIFTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS AND
*I— O2 kitchen furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
Fourth street.
♦>1 O FOURTH ST.— 2 NICELY* FURNISHED
Oil) housekeeping rooms; $8 up.
A 1 FOURTH*^- -i SNY F~U It XIS H E D
710 housekeeping room; cheap.
Fulton Street.
91 Q FULTON— ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
— 1 O piete for housekeeping; clean; gas; bath.
tieary Stieet.
— — —
IQI 7 GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
1 '"I 1 dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries; $24.
Howard Street.
"I 191 1 HOWARD ST.-2 LARGE SUNNY
X iila furnished rooms for housekeeping.
OA HOWARD— B LARGE SUNNY' ALL
t)v newly furnished housekeeping rooms.
1 1 A*) HOWARD— LARGE FURNISHED
- 1 '"1— housekeeping rooms; range: rent $10;
ulso unfurnished.
191 A. HOWAB D— B OR 3 .L.ARGE RUNNY',
Z_rtz-Z furnished or unfurnished, housekeeping.
Hyde Street.
QAQ HVuE ST.— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
'• rooms, suite or single; pries moderate.
'Jour* Street.
r ] 9 JOXES-8 SUNNY FURNISHED CON-
"- 1 -— nectlng rooms, including kitchen; grate.
-Mason Street.
Ql O MASON -BOOK AND KITCHEN FOR
*'*-*-> housekeeping; also other rooms.
Minna street. ■;■•.--■'
", lit M ' XNA "— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
''' bousekeeping; large yard.
Mission street.
9251 MISSION.— COMPLETELY KlRN-
<iiTTi,r. ls i.eu sunny housekeeping rooms; ex-
t • bath and porch.
i)SH !Sf? 8 I C ' N ~ a ( "'' '■' FRONT ROOMS; COM-
2^Plete_iorhouaek C eping; private.
1 055 IIXSI " N -LARGE FRONT ROOMS,
__^^^comple|^ for housekeeping; also others.
124 I MISSION -4 CONNECTING ROOMS
re^on»hi < P Onil>let€ly furnHbed: gas- private;
O'Farrell Street. ~~
437 Bunnv U r^ Ijl r LAK(iK - PLEAS ANT.
Bunny room, furnished for housekpog; 810.
HOtSKKKEPINO ROOMS - Continued. |
Post Street.
Q99 POST-TWO FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
<.'— — light housekeeping; fine rooms, with board.
>ixth Street.
931 SIXTH— NICE SUNNY' HOUSEKKKI'-
— .♦)■; ing rooms. _
Stockton Street.
I 70° STOCKTON— ROOMS, FURNISHED
.L i \K) complete for housekeeping; rent $10.
inon STOCKTON— 2 OR 8 NICE SU X
J.O_U rooms complete for housekeeping; cneap.
Third Street.
"I A<J THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
JL^IO rooms; complete; front; bath; gas.
♦_>»><> TH IR D — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
O_«- r sunny, front: also single; very reasonable.
Twelfth Street.
1 ICTWBLS,TH NICELY FURNISHED j
! 'It i housekeeping rooms; also .single.
Van N «>»»>. Avenue.
1 lOft VAX NESS AYE.— 6 NICELY' FUR-
L iUU niched sunny rooms and kitchen for
housekeeping. ■
KUUMB TO II i .
U.lily Street. j
f'ln EDDY'— LARGE, NICELY FURNISHED
U-Lc/ front bay-window and sunny back room.
i.ighth .•treet, j
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUsE, 28 BTH I
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished. !
iaq Xii :■ SUNNY Rooms FROM $5 !
LUo to $6.
Ellis street.
OOfi E LLI'P-N ICF.LY' FURNISHED SUNNY
»J«jU from suite or single room; grate and gas.
IfjiQ ELLIS -NEATLY FURNISHED DOUBLE I
'i_»>: :> .j single rooms; central. j
EJjLI' — SICKLY FURNISHED ROOM
~i •")' ' for gentlemen; $10 a month; gas; bath. ■
Fifth Streec. !
■ (\H FIFTH - PLEASANT UNFURNISHED I
IAM rooms to let. J
Folsom Street. !
09A FOLSOM, Nit. FOURTH— FURNISHED !
i— \' sunny rooms, if l a week. ..;;j
Geary Street. .
JQQ GEARY, COR. TAYLOR— OF 3
"100 connecting corner rooms; all sunny ;adapted :
for doctor's ollice; furnished or unfurnished. j
>. I I GEAR'S a LARGE PLEASANT ROOM ;
0 1 i- suitable for 2 persons; rent reasonable.
Grant Avenue. j
I 7 GRANT AYE., Nil. MARKET— NICELY' i
■ I furnished front suite. :
Howard Street. |
-ii i HOWARD, NR: THIRD— FUR- j
• u'l nished front rooms, en suite or single: also
housekeeping.
(.-•)l HOWARD- HOUSE CHANGED I
wt)i)2 hands; newly renovated top to bottom.
Hyde Street.
lAQ HYDE LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED]
■»''•) front room.
Jones Street.
907 JONES— THE VAX WINKLE: NEW
—\t i management : elegant sunny suites and !
single; newly furnished; bat 11, etc.; $10 to £30.
QA" JONES — TWO NEWLY FURNISHED
•J' U) sunny parlors: t;as nnd bath. j
heiirny stree.. !
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 137 KEARNY'— PLEAS- I
J\ ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: first clasj
m every respect: terms reasonable.
Langton Street. !
< 1 rfj NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
• _ i.«)U. room, with German family. 1321/3
I_ngton st.
l.nrkiii Street.
lOQ LARKIN— FURNISHED AND UNFUR- i
*r— O nished rooms to rent. :
'TO LARKIN — FURNISHED BACK PAR- \
O-L_ lor: suitable for one or two gentlemen.
Leaveuworth street.
9 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FOB LIGHT HOUSE- I
— keeping; *10. 512!/3 Leavenworth st. 1
Lewis Street.
9 FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS; $10. 16
_, Lewis st., off Taylor, near Post. ;
Market Street.
yOSKMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET. i
J. Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, ;>sc to ?1 : week. -:1 60 a $5; families;
I MARKET.- NICE SUNNY UNFUR-
-lUV/O nishetl rooms, suitable for offices. |
Mason Street.
j 1 7 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY !
"11 4 front suites, suitable for doctor's office.
I
Minna Street. !
>) - J MINNA — DOUBLE FRONT SUNNY I
Ou)tl room; $2 per week. !
Mission Street.
/< RAND SOUTHERN — BE. COR. 7TH AND
"JT Mission, reopened; thorougbly renovated :sunny |
front rooms; elegantly furnished or en suite"; '
stationary ivasnstauds and running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable, j
a I •> MISSION — NICELY' F V RNIS il l: I)
UIO rooms, 15c to 50c per night, $1 to $2 a
week.
7/SOMISSIOS SUNNY FURNISHED room
• "/O for respectable couple. i
Q1 c MISSION— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM; I
OxO suitable 1 or 2 persons: housekeeping:
SI 50 per week. )
Q9XI MISSION NICELY FURNISHED HUN- I
•J+.O'i ny double front rooms: grate; «a3; closet. |
Natom:i Street.
7"! Ql XATOMA— 3 LARGE SUNX\ ROOMS; j
4 lOs upstairs; sunny side; rent $10.
O'Farrell Street.
r~.C\± O'FARRELL — NEWLY FURNISHED
O\J~x sunny: running water: electric lights: ref.
£.9fM tT i FA"RUE 1.1. — TWO "pI'.VXY UNFUR- ,
uiiU2 nished rooms; one furnished room.
I'd Ik Street.
097 POLK. COR. O'FABRELL — NICELY i
O— I furnished sunny rooms; housekeeping if i
desired.
Tine Street.
m PINE— SINGLE ROOM WITH GRATE;
U-L-L other rooms ?4, 95 and $6 per month.
Seventh Street.
1 07 SEVENTH — FURNISHED ROOMS $1
10 4 week up; also housekeeping and transient. ]
Stevenson Street.
Z.t* £. STEVEN SOX — 2 UNFURNISHED
O\JU rooms; cneap.
Stockton Street.
A BURRETT, Nit. STOCKTON, NR. BUSH— ,
x Handsomely furnished suite of rooms: all 1
modern conveniences: reasonable.
A~\n STOCKTON— LARGE FURNISHED SUN- !
lit ny front room, $8: single, $6; 3 unfurnished.
"I Ql A STOCKTON— FRONT SUIT .SUITABLE :
-L OX _ doctor or dentist; nicely furnished; cheap.
Sutler Street.
QOQb BUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED i
O/LdfJ front alcove suit; also single room; grate; I
running water. |
QO9 STJTTER — THREE NICELY FUR- j
UOZj nished <unny rooms for couple or three '
gents; very reasonable.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEAR MARKET - LARGE
sunny front room; light housekeeping-
Third Street.
TVTIXCHESTER noTJsE-44 THIRD, near
"" Market; most convenient and respectable; 200 I
rooms 26c to 91 50 per night: *1 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room : reading r'm : >ree bus.
Taylor Street.
C 99 TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
*^^>— rooms: new throughout; thoroughly re- ;
spectable.
Turk Street.
lift TURK — ELEGANT SUITE; SUNNY |
11" parlors: unfurnished or furnished to order; i
board optional.
Pi/i'-i TURK— Si'TNNY SINGLE ROOM WITH
OjLfJ bath; private; $5.
Valencia Street.
QA^l VALENCIA — 1 NICELY FURNISHED
OVIt: sunny furnished room.
Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUPE, OPP. CITY HALL- FOR-
nished rooms, single or en suite; $8 and $16 up.
LEGAL MOTIVE*.
DEPABTMBNT No. D (PBOBATeT > v THE |
Superior Court, in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the mat-
ter Of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLEY',
deceased.
Notice is hereby given that TUESDAY', the 14th
dayof January. A. J).lB9tf, at 10 o'clock a.m. of said |
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of said
court, at the new City Hall, in the City and county
of Ban Francisco. State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the lime and place for proving the
authenticated copy of the will of said ELIZABETH
J.. MOXLEY', deceased, and for hearing the appli-
cation Of JOHN C. HUGHES and JAMES W.
McELROY for the issuance to them of letters t
testamentary.
Dated January 3, A. 1). 1596. •
[Seal.] * CHARLES F. CURRY', Clerk.
By F. B. HOUGHTON, Deputy Clerk.
JAMLs A. \VA VMIUE, Attorney for Petitioners. {
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
BOAKUIKG AND ROOMS. ;
7 \('\ fwBNTS - FIRST, OOK GUERERSO:
• n.\J very pleasant sunny rooms with excellent
board; reasonable.
4] f) HYDE— HANDSOMELY' FURNISHED
rlu front bay-window room, with privilege of
parlor and piano; first-class board.
ft 9ft KDDY-SUNNY SUITES, S4O UPWARD;
__ single, $20 upward; best board reasonable.
'Pill. VVINDERMERE, FAMILY ttOTEL, 1401
x \ an Ness aye., cor, Bush st.: everything new
and trash; excellent board; no Chinese employed.
MEW GOLDEN GATE HOTEL. 134 AND 186
J-i Fourth s;.; new furniture and carpets through-
out; table Orst class; terms reasonable: American
l'lan; free bus to and from depot.
"Of EL BERTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
-»-•- hotel: references given and required; all mod-
eni conveniences. ■
« ■l.'ll.lilii-N BOARDED.
nr ANTED— BY KESPE< lAHI.K ' FAMILY
»» child to board; mother's care; references
given: girl preferred age 3 years up. fleas; call
or address 138 Fulton st.
A MERICA"N*WC)MA~N WOULD I. IKK CHIL-
dren to board: terms reasonable. 1310 Bry-
ant St.. near Tenth.
\' OU CAX FIND REFINED HOME .Us ajw-.R-
--L lean family for child; $10. Address Reliable,
box 121, Call Office.*
VTURSE WISHES INI ANT OR OLDER CHIL-
->->drcn to board; reasonable. 2819 Sixteenth st.
1 OR~T WO CHILDREN TO BOARD, HAS •-
I daughter 15 years of age. 1505 Twenty-fourth st.
STOlll S TO I.i; i .
to llet^^pac^T?olb~mcTk^iith^and
1 electrician in hardware store. Corner Polk and
Baciamento sts.
OTORE, 10x26, SANDY FOR OFFICE OR AN V
0 small business; fine show-window; cheap rent.
316 Leavenworth st., near Ellis.
BA - ! . M.' NT~TO LET CHETp. COR. FIRST
and Market sts.
J^OR KEN'I LARGE FRONT UFFICE AND
part of store. ',••_'! mil 223 Market st.
OFFICES TO let;
Di > k roomT sixtST" f iTooiC
Mills building.
I, IM -i IX Mil. [KLEGANT SUNNY
1 flat of 0 very large rooms; bath, etc. ; arranged
for oilier and rooms; on Posl st., overlook-
ing Union Park; 2 blocks from Kenrny; long lease
and part, of furniture for sale; very cheap rent.
Address J. E. S., bos 115, this office.
PHYSICIAN, CENTRALLY LOCATED, WILL
L share Office; $17 60 each. Address P., box 6,
this oflice.
917 GEARY PARLOH FLOOR; SUITABLE
— 1 I for business: key at 217'/jj.
DESKROOM; CHEAP KENT. 508 KEARNY'
.st., room 8.
|7*REE I RENT (y a | MONTH) GIVEN GOOD
F tenants; cottages, flats, $5 up. SPECK & CO.
t ; O2 Market st
}r>LEGANT { OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKBLS
-i building, 925 Market: rents low; "no extra
charge for gas. janitor services or beating. Apply
st building or G. 'HMH< ■ N .V: CO.. Xi Moiug. si.
PIANOS. VIOLINS, IiTC.
PIANOS^ '
X Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms, 735 Market st.
~<S£-\ ,i / LARGE, EASTERN MAX K. UP-
VL' ! v». right piano. BRUENN'B, 228 Post st.
CHICKEKING, KNABE,STECK,VOSE,STER-
IIng pianos; see our n-w piano for 87: pianos
torrent. BENJ. CUKTAZ & sOX, 16 O'iarreli.
GREAT BARGAINS IN NEW AND SECOND-
hand pianos at MA UVAIS', 769 Market st..S.F.
A n 11.'.:; ANT I HICKERING PIANO will
.'\ be sacrificed at once by party removing from
the city: must be sold at once, therefore don't de-
lay calling. Room 21, Flood building.
M-. GNI I- 1(' i ; N T STEINWAY PIANO OF^
fered for sale by private party who must real-
ize cash at once. Room 10, Flood building.
AN UPRIGHT PIANO, GOOD TONE. DUR-
-fv able and only slightly used, worth $300, will
sell for about half that. Room 21, 803 Market st.
Gl : l AT BAR* A LMN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
Piano House, 216 Post st.
\V"M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
»» roll, room 1, lirsi floor: take elevator; pianos
i Dd organs sold for cash or installments.
VTICE UPRIGHT, SACRIFICED FOR $75.
-L> Km. 10, 809 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT PARLOR ORGAN; MUST
sell; nearly new. 313 Devlsadero st.
s~our~"xew~rext~c6ntract^ plan
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it; please call and
have ii explained. SHERMAN. CLAY .V: CO.,
corner Kearny and gutter sts.
<Q> ICC CASH OR IXSIWLLMEXTS; \\ E I . E B
<fl/X f l O. upright; perfect order, 1019 Van Ness.
J REMOVED— F. W. SPENCER* CO. T<>~33B
J I lost st., near Powell, sole agents Couover,
Colby and Spencer pianos. 338 Post st.
BECKER BROS., > 1 .FISCHER AND
XJ other Hrst-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER &
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
E\SV TERMS :;LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE.
I,'i.M: PIANO FOR SALE OR RENT CHEAP.
J- SCHMITZ.I6 McAllister st-.nxt Hibernia Bank
BYRON JIAUZY, 808 POST ST.— SOHMER,
Newby .'c Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, 7.1 rHERH, OLD* NEW
»• H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
OTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $285; SOMER,
0 $237; Wily, *125; squares, $35 and .$55.
HEINE. 410 Post st.
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
'» grade i l . L. Neumann pianos for the holidays*
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st.
HA I N 8 BROS.' PIANO — A SUPERB IN-
strument, surpassing any piano that we have
hitherto handled: we invite a critical Inspection.
A. L. BANCROFT it CO., 324 Post st.
OPKN~FOR BUSINESS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sal*
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCOTT,
929 Market si.. Spreckels building.
pHEAPEST-AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
L nlted States or Canada one year for Si 50, post-
a«e free.
_____
HOUSES.
H"^R^E^irX'r^i2JDT^jATrDTrrv^rs7^^
6 years old: dark; 16 10 17 hands: perfectly
gentle; good traveler; stylish: afraid of nothing.
Address L. is., box 116. Call Office.
HORSES PASTURED; t92 A MONTH; I GOOD
care and feed: send for circular. The ll>-<ta
ranch, 630 Commercial st.
"1 ,' (\ SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND II is"
J.OW ness: also wagons, buggies and horses:
contracting outfit; sand wagons aud scrapers. 112S
Mission st.
DX. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
geon for S. F. Police Department, Ollice and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A(} HORSES FOR BALE: ALSO WAGONS
-IV buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Mom
Market, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every \Ve"aet-
o;.y. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
"I SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS : fA.hu
\J\J kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, caret:
also '20 cheap horses. Flfteentu and Valencia -Hi.
FUUMTIIti; FOB 5A1.1..
H( ». KIUSKY,' FURNITURE AND BED-
• ding; new folding-beds, .19 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
ELEGANT BKOCATELLE PARLOR SET OF
6 pieces, 50: cost $160. 1121 Market st.
EDUCTIONS OX LARGE OTOCK, NEW AND
second-band; 400 carpet.*, good as new; oil-
cloth, 26c; parlor suits, $19 up: linoleum, 45c; 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles, 250:
ranges, $6; cash or installments; goods shlupei
free. T. JI. NELSON. 126 Fourth St.
UOR BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AR-
_ tides of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission st. •_ . .
FOR SALE-MISOKLLASKOIIS.
pABINET-MAKBR'S COMPLETeT "otnSpfr;
\J bench, tools, etc.; crystal chandelier. 1400
Van Ness a vi.
(~\ OLDEN GATE GAS ENGINE. APPLY TO
\J Browning A Bremer. gun store, 820 Kearny st.
BABY CARRIAGKS AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture: call and get our prices: costs nothing.
oset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell st., near
Stockton.
B~UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT
tan furniture at the. factory and save middle-
man's profit ; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY, 6] First, nr. Mission.
100 OHO SECOND - HAND BRICK FOR
X\J\J.VJ\J\J sale: second-hand lumber of all
kinds; cheap. Masonic aye. and Turk st., Fif-
teenth and Dolores.
BAB OUTFITS. MIRRORS.CASH REG IST] i-
IJ sealea.etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
\r*.W»9s, STRICTLY HIGH GRADE $105
i-> bicycle, $40. 1:., box 79, Call.
MONARCH CARD BLOT MACHINES 1-OR
sale or given away. KAHN it CO., 220 Cal. st,
BELLOWS, ANVIL, VISK. TONGS, SMALL
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
IjURE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
— press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102
Clay st.
TtTnCYCLOPEDIA BRITAXNICA, $25rivING'S
SU old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-'
1> hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., Vi California st.
CIOUNTCBB, SHELVING. BHOWOABKS
\J bought and sold 1121^ Market bet. 7th andgth
■^ I'.ICICLBS. ' "^ ~~
wTndSOR,. BICYCLES: STRICTLY HIGH
»» grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
£i_Kf _ u J,'i:, g 3"A r po l^*" 2 years. :A. L. Ay -
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET 7
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
AllUier and l'owell ai. car line*.
PERSONALS.
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
X at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., NE. cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50, Paris panels $3.
AGNES— WHY DIDN'T YOU GO LAST
-tV night? Got my hair dressed at C. LEDKR-
I it's parlors (successor to Mine. Spitz), 111 Stock-
ton st.: received best attention; was surprised at
price; only 25c; to-night sure. BESS.
II AN WANTS MAN OB MEANS TO en-
j ' 1 gage in business. Address M. M., box 100, Call.
PARTIES WHO SAW THK YOUNG LADY
1 thrown down by the Powell-st. cars near Pine
St., December 12 last, please call at the American
Exchange Hotel ana confer a favor on MISS O.
WALDBOP
T7IOR passage and freight direct to
.C the new gold mines in Alaska apply to C. D.
LA DD, 9 Third St., San Francisco.
DRESSMAKING BUSINESS; CENTRALLY
located; for sale cheap. D.M., box 53, Call Office.
DVICE FKKK; DIVORCE AND PROBATE '
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and i
Police Courts: terms reasonable collections, etc. G.
W. HOWE, at -at- law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton. ■
"PICTURE I- i! tMING COMPLETE WITH
I glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c-
11x14 and 12x16. 20c; 16x20, 30c; 20x24. 45c
JONES. 547 Mission St.
IMPOKTKD lI A VAN A. KEY WEST AND
X high-grade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar
1627 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
} EGYPTIAN HENNA, $1; HAIRDYE. PER-
J fectly harmless. Langley-Michaeis Co.* all
mists; Hnbbard'S g»3. ttauptli's, 1156 Market.
b •>>)>. FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
X STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
DANCING for "ballroom or stage
taught a: IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
pARTINGTON'S SCIfODL OF MAGAZINE
J. and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st. : •■■■ '
pOME, )l v Vi OUR FEATHER BEDS, PIL-
V,' lows tilled. 870 Mission, cor. sth. Q, McCABE.
35 1 A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
0 1 floor. 206 Leavenworth si.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN BVf.RV ROOM— WIN-
Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 2;') C to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $(5 per
week: tree bus to and from the ferrvv
RS. .*;. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS Ob"
Ypsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian TightH
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figures.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outllts; great reductions*
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
JOHK SMITH has REMOVED TO 887-389
O Slitter st., bei ween Stockton st. and (iran: Hve.,
where the bes) of coal can b<» had at lowest prices.
ONi: MORE CUT—
Oak oil Top Desks $14 to $35
I Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up
I Oak Bed Sets ¥17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up '
Stoves and Range* f 3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash 01 time payments- J. NOON
1017. 1015*. 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
T IIU-.KAi, ADVANCES ON DIAMOND'S,
XJ elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st,
.TAA/VBUSI NESS t| cards $i ;,.. : TELE-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." II ILL. 724 i^ Market I
SUITS MADE TO" ORDER" OF "ELEGANT
remnants for $10; samples and self-measure-
ment on application. LEON LEMOS; Merchant
Tailor, 3 332 Market St., San Francisco.
SECOND-HAND Art as NEW BARS,
showcases, counters, sheivingi, mirrors, desks,
safe.*), chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too-, be sure and see slock and get price* be- i
I fore going elsewhere. J. NOONaN, 1017, 1019, :
1021. 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth,
OLD BUILDING**! BOUGHT and SOLD: I
store fixtures, doom, windows, lumber, pipe, I
etc. : cheap. Yard 1166 Mission St., near Eighth.
'ffij'l 4 ) st ITS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
*4?J — NEUHAUS. Merchant Tailor. 118 Kearny.
1 M DAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome st.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS 1 AND LADIES
flothina bought. CQLM.-VN'. 41 Third st.
DBKBBHAKKBS,
D BESSES $2 AND IP. WItAIM'I.US 35c AND
up. 60534 Natoma St., upstairs.
DBADLEY, " SIS GEARY T. -ELEGANT
• • stylish suits made. $5 up; dresses made over.
DRK«SES err AN 11 II I TKD. $3: DRESSES,
popular prices; waists 18. 1 1 Geary st.
SUTTS Wi SKIRTs"7Sc; CHILDREN'S SUITS
t^ ?fl up. 559 Stevenson st.: lit guaranteed.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
M"~~SLE?~sTiRwTRT^rnTrTH7L^^
great clairvoyant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned to
I her old rooms in san Francisco; ladies and gents
60c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
Mr& RYNERSON, WORLD-FAMED L<>
i'L cater of mines and minerals. Room 20, 148
Sixth st.
PRESENT, PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. mm i.
■I LEGGKTTE, 811 Tehama St., near Fourth.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
0 the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5,8«.")'/2 Market.
Mm . MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
oast, present and future ;26c up. 764 Howard st.
PROF. LEON, THE RENOWNED PALMIST
clairvoyant: wonderful power; convinces you
when others fall. 533 Post, 9to 8: also Sunday.
Ml RAVENNA, SITTINGS DAILY:
i-'i names given, 25c up: systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 Howard.
M^ e7 DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
i present, future; consultations on all affairs; notb-
I mr except ed;. names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; tee $1: letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
UGU-iTA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
pLAIRVOYANT — CARD READING, 50cT
\J 406 Octavlast.: formerly I'2B Turk st.
spiritualism:
/CIRCLE TO-NIGHT AT MRS. COLBY'S. 122 i/ 2
) v' oak st. sittings daily.
EBT CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10. -. MME. YOUNG~
J- 605 McAllister St. sittings daily.
; |M.<l CLR< TO-NIGHT— CLEMENS. Mrs!
I X Cole; 10c. 528 Golden Gate aye.; sittings daily.
188 MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
picture of future husband or wife. 766 V. How-
ard st.
Di:. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 597 Ellis st.
A WONDERFUL POWER OVER DISEASE^
I -M. Mrs. Dr. W. Marundas' revealed medicines; |
never fail in rheumatism, paralysis, fits and all '
. nervous diseases, etc. ; it yon cannot call and seek i
, this wonderful medium write and inclose a lock of j
hair and $1 for a correct diagnosis of your disease' I
! true life ret.dinfr. 15.1i/2 Market St., opp. Van
I Ness aye., San Francisco, Cul.
AfRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant
■t'l innce medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
M BDICAI,.
ALL EM ALE IRREGULARITIES RE !
stored ill a lew hours; safe and sure relief at :
nay time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult -tree.
MRS. DR. EYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.{gg|
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
i regularity in one day, guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance; 1 low fees; regulator. *2
1370 Market. "
LAjyES — CHICHESTBR-e ENGLISH PEN-
nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best* '
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps far
; particulars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return '
! mall; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Company '
! Philadelphia. Pa. _ "
A BLESSING TO LADIES .nstaxt XX \
xx lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians
! In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
! method, superior to others; ladles will save time ;
I and money, be assured of honest treatment by i
I consulting the doctors before calling on others; '
1 patients who have beeu imposed upon are spe-
I cially invited: home in conlinenieni: treatment.
warranted; advice free, confidential. DR. and MRS.
DAVIKS, 14 McAllister si, near Jones.
new ri;i>eKSs-.\<> MEDICINE, tNBTRU
menls or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat- I
ter from what cause; restores always in one day; j
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician can be sent and used at home;
; all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 818 Kearny st.
PRIVATE ' HOSPITAL, 987 MISSION st.:
x patients receive best of care; terms moderate.
T ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULa'
XJ ling Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fail*
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
DP.. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
;Jones. Diseases of women and children. '
ABUSE CUBE FOB ALL FBHaX-S DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction cuur-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk si.
DL PR A E'H~ FEMALE I REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDSACO., druggists, 406 Clay st., sole ag'ts.
HOME, A FRIEN l) A D MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
Mils. DR. WEGENEK; PRIVATE HOME IN
•'« confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st. •
"A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
! A ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
' safe and sure: $'2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
IK IRREGULAR Ol* ANY FEMALE DISEASE
I see Mrs. Dr. t'uetz and be content, 254V a 4th.
lill! I>IM. AM) LOAN ASSOCIATION
/ONI' I N NIA L' BUILDI NO AN I> LOAN ~AS'
\J sociation— Home office, 222 Sansome st., S. F,
General savings it loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Eldridge V.Pr.; W Corbin, Sec.&Gen.Man
I"lN.\>Cl AI..
ANY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED 'on
your furniture, pianos or real estate; lowest
rat«: call and state your proposition or write- outa
•Vealllgs. J. TUONAN', 1031 Mijsiou iv '
CITS RKAC ESTATE.
C~crßK.Mls.
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR BALE.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business
property on Market st.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or In subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker St.; 55x
137:6 feet.
92600— E. side of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— san Curios Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127 :6 feet, on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
16000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
parK: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500-72-story 8-rOOmed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
■$-400— i ot on Duncan st., bet. ISoc and Castro: 25
x 11 4 feet.
$8500— Elepant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sis.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
— ~* -B. &.. H. — —
— $750
-—$750
-.$750
■760 IN PRIZES. ...
A BUILDING LOT FOR NOTHING.
In order to promote the farther im-
provement and development of the •
CASTRO-ST. ADDITION we are going
to make liberal inducements in- the
form of prizes to those who will build
bouse:, costing Over $750 before April 1,
1896. This offer applies to all parties
who have already purchased and to those
who purchase a lot. before February 1,
1896. Full particulars at the Office.
We desire to call tne attention of those
who have not seen the Castro-st. Ad-
dition the unusual opportunity for secur-
ing a home lot.
THE CASTRO-ST. ADDITION
is on the line of the Guerrero-st. electric
road, only 25 minutes' ride from the
New City Hall, and 5 minutes from
Thirtieth and Guerrero sts.
BUILDING LOTS range from $350
to $500.
THE TERMS are only $10 per month.
THE STREETS are all graded,
seHered and macadamized. Water
piped to every lot. All ready for imme-
diate building. .
THE BEST LOTS IN THE CITY at
the prices, either for a home site or as a
savings bank in which to put $10 a
month. ( all or send for map.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
■ 10 Montgomery st.
B. t £ 11.
ELEGANT HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 36X
"J 103:6; ea 1 si",- Devlsadero, bfet. Vallejo and
Green; cost $14,500: will sell :.i a 'Wrliice: make
oner. WILL E. FISHER ife CO.. 14 Post St. ;
T OT 25x127:6 ON 15TH AVK..BKT. D AND
Jj C sts., Richmond Tract, cheap; must be sold;
party going away. For particulars Inquire at 1.505
Mission st.
(OCA MUST BE SOLD; OFFEB WANTED;
»[p-««JV7. this lot Is worth double: 2 blocks south
of the park; cash or Installments; title insurance;
see owner at once. 9 Powell St., room 3.
t»l WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
♦T ' $100— Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
if 175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100; $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot '25x100; $1 SOweeklv: macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
(HAS. a. BAILEY, 46 Market sr., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
"I A REVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW itACE-
J.J track; low prices; easy terms. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., 848 Market st.
< I 9 C\i\f\ SOLID 3-STORY RESIDENCE;
•iPIi.UUU. 727 Golden Gate aye.: lot 25x
137:6. This is unquestionably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Billiard-room; frescoing, etc. Open
for inspection.
HOUSES BUILT* 150 TO $275 A ROOM; CALL
and examine plan 1149 Mission St.
MONEY TO LOAIS.
■VTOTICB OF $10,000 1O LOAN. — NOTICE IS
J-> hereby given that the sum of ten thousand
dollars, belonging to the Robinson bequest fund, Is
ready to be loaned for a terra of years, to be se-
cured by a. first mortgage on real estate In San
Francisco, California. All bids, with fall partic-
ulars as to terms, should be delivered at the
Mayor's office, new City Hall. The right to reject
any bid is reserved. ADOLPH SUTRO, Chairman
of the Robinson Bequest Commission. Dated Jan-
uary 7, 1896.
WHY PAY *5 ON THE HUNDRED COM-
*» mission to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the loaner without it and with-
out Charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture Of private families, which furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal; any amount from $100 to
$5000. 418 Ellis St.. room 22.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
J i mortgajiej, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 2 10 Montgomery.
3OANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
J city or country: furniture and pianos; business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle, building.
ADVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELftY, ' PC
V Columbia, Loan i Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.'
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2Dox3D MORTGAGES;
-t\~ estates, undivided interests, real ate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
1 ST AND 21) MORTGAGES; CITY OR COUN
X try; administrators' mortgages, interests In es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc, MURPHY, 028 Mkt.
\yfORTGAGKB, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
-IVL rants. SALOMON & CO., 828 Montgmry.r.214.
MONEY LOANED, 6^ PER CENT ON
mortgages. A. 9. JOHNS <t CO., 632 Market st.
ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
-iM other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market st.,nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
O.N FURNITURE AND PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal. Room 68, Donohoe b*d'g, 1170 Market
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. BOOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
LOST.
1 OST— ON WEDNESDAY~EV INNING? BTH
JU inst., either at Morosco's Grand Opera-house or
in goitjjr from there u!o:i« Third st. to Howard, ami
thence by lloward-st. car to Twenty-third ♦itreet, a
lady's blue corded-silk belt, with large silver buckle
and slide attached. Finder will be liberally re-
warded by returning same to 2710 Howard st. ::
T OST— IN THIS CITY, JaN. 9, ONE SQUARE
I 1 cold locket, monogram H. B. McA. cm one
side and diamond in center on other side; contains
pictures of 2 children. Return to McAVOY A
GALLAGHER. 20 Fifth St., and receive liberal
reward.
TOST— LADIES' SMALL GOLD GENEVA
JLJ watch and fob, between Broadway and Scott
st. and Sutler and Van Ness aye. Return to room
101. Crocker building, and receive liberal reward.
I ost- POCKETBOOK, CONTAINING COIN,
XJ ear-ring and keys, on Haigi:t-st. cars. Return
to roo nl. 1926 Market st., ant get ie\vard.
TOST — SMALL TAN COCKER SPANIEL.
X.l Return 419 Lacuna st.: reward.
T OST— LAItGE BRINDLE GREYHOUND.
J i Return 1027 York st., receive reward.
M~ONK~Y. BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
l'l papered and pained by the Co-operative Paper-
banking *■' ompauv. 635 McAllister st.
tJLJ VV A i lON AL.
Emklik. *!£eXvl££e j "will ri cktve^a
Xv limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
ing. 2300 Webster st., cor. of Washington.
|?NGLISJ§ BRANCHES TAUGHT; PrUVATE
Pi or class; all ages; moderate. MIS.-3V.A. DIL-
LON, Supreme Court buildluit, 305 I.arkin, rm.9B.
SPANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
► tllian and Parisian professors: 3 lessons week,
$3 mouth; also painting academy, (lowers specialty.
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations. Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room :^7.
T/-OCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM
V proves anil heautllies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
T/!RENCH,SPANISH,Etc. PBOF.DjcFILIPPE'S
-T Academy Of Languages; 320 Post; estab. 1871.
RS. MELVILLE-SNYDER lIASKKMOVEI)
to 520 Butter St.: teacher of vocal music (latest
Italian methods), piano and elocution; -ladles ana
gentlemen couched in operatic, Shakespearean and
other plays: appearances arranged.
M 138 BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 7 SACRAMENTO
-IM s'.. — Board. English. French, pi a 110, dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2 : kindergarten coach.
IJINGLIBH, LATIN. MATHEMATICS. ENG-
VJ liah literature 1* specialty. MISS ROULSTON,
724 O'l'arrell st. .
1 English literature and jTythology";
£j class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged : pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture, 1
assay: estab. '64. VAN HER NAII.i.KX. 728 Mkt.
(^ n • DENTS P PARE D" FOR~THE rNIVKII-
O slty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building. , -
B' OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal.
\riOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
taught, Prof. L. MERKI, '228 Geary ;reasonab|e .
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOICKEEP- '
J. ing, shorthand, etc. Stlehl's College, 723 Market.
PaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, "shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue. • ■
\TIGHTSCHOOL;tIEALD'S BUS. COLLEiiE;24
XI Post: commercial, shorthand. English; low rate?
j IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
gonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045% Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts. . ;
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123S
t^ .Market: fiend for cmi.. : day and evening session.
'. '• * SKVVING 81ACIILNES.
LITK^INrjS^^OUOHT, SOLnTExT!HANGED^
rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
COIjNTKY KEAL ESTATi,.
C ACKES, WITH NEW HOI'SK, BARN AND i
• ' hayshed; all under fence; for sale for $500; 2 j
miles from Brentwood, Contra Costa Costa County,
Cat. Inquire of L. GRANN ACER, Brentwood.
f'f\f\ ACRES IX SAN i.i [8 OBISf'O COUNTY;
v)UU all level; plenty of water; good range; very
desirable for stock; will trade for business in city
or city property. G. s., Eureka Delivery. 1146
Mission st.
THREAT SACRIFICE CASH; NON-RESI- '•'■
\X dent owner; unimproved residence and busi-
ness-property centrally located in Los Angeles.
H. 0., box 27, Call Office, San Francisco. r'-^i'
A 1 70- ACRE HILL CHICKEN RANCH; 25
-'V acres cultivable; 200 cords firewood; 2 miles
from school 5 from town; lovely shade trees; a I
sightly, pretty place: $500; half cash. I). 11. '
TWING, Sonoma City. Inquire 632 Market s>..s. F.
l/"i: SALE OR TRADE-160-A^RE ORAIN
J ranch : all fenced ; comfortable buildings; near
Tipton,iulare County: price .fGOOO. PHILBRICK
& CO., 2548 Folsom, near Twenty-second.
I^OR SA LE OR EXCiI AXGE— 24O ACRES;
S. level. (30 clear; nice orchard assorted fruits;
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling, barn,
etc.; nearly all fenced; close to large town; 10
hours from city: $3000: part cash, balance on I
time; will trade for city property or good business.
C. 8., box 77, this office. i
AKIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES i
ii. from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation.; $40 to $75Deracre; terms made !
to suit; send tor circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. . ■
RANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, tying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale.the principal station
of the Soul horn Pacific Railroad on the line between '
stccKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and Ban
Joaquiu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly I
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese |
Bloods. Th« property is under the immediate j
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist, j
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land. Including a perpetual water rlsht |
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved laud witn fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market Street.
»an Francisco, Cal.
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
Oakdale, Cat
4TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
years' credit. D. 11. TVVINQ. Sonoma City.Cai.
ENDFOR"OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER 4 WH ITTON. San Jose.
\ WEEK'S NEWS ■ for 5 CENTS — THE |
■QL WEEKLY CALL, in wraDper. for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
17' OR SALE^X^n3E~oTKXA^?D~^anFAGE
J- home; northeast corner; convenient to local
station, school, etc.: cost more than $5000; will
be sold for less than $4000. on very easy payments.
Apply to T. K. ANDERbON, 463 Ninth St., Oak-
land.
ARGAIN, HOUSE OF TITREE ROOMS;
l) barn, two chicken-houses, well of good water;
100 chickens, cow, calf and pig; Iot50xll0; price,
$750. Fruitvale i.and Company, Fruitvale station.
$1 f\fi LOTS AT FRUITVALE STATION;
±\J\J. come to day. LODGE A POWELL.
$O/\ MONTHLY ■ l-oi: .i-i.iiuM m i .»..!..> j
-jv/ plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gal i statn.
<fcl PkH LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
*UJXO\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down !
and $1 a week; selling fast; good improvements. I
H. B. PINNED', owner, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS I
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMr.D.V REAL I-STATE.
TpXCELIiENT MODERN HOMES AtTgREAT^
XJ ly reduced prices.
$2000— dwelling; oriel nal cost $2250. '
50— 5-room dwelling; original cost $3000.
$3250— 5-room dwelling; original cost ?H5OO.
$3000— 6-room dwelling; original cost S3&00.
o—6- room dwelling; original cost $3600.
$ 5100— 6-room dwelling; original cost $3750.
97500— dwelling; original cost 99000.
All new and modern on large lots and in good
locations; very small cash payments and easy in-
stallments. No reasonable terms refused. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1364 Park st., Ala-
meda.
CjO/k FURNISHED HOUSK, 5 ROOMS AND
<lr«J\J. bath; also 4 rooms partly furnished in
basement; 9 rooms in all; 2 blocks from narrow-
gauge station. Alameda. Cal. Address \VM. P.'
I ■ 'IK 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
Q^9^A~TIII-rBEST BARGAIN in ALA-
•.. •'— «^V. meda County; house of 7 rooms, all
modern improvements. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park
St., Alameda. •
ft 99ft A »50 CASH, $22 50 MONTHLY; 5
•.. — — V/V. rooms and bath: perfectly new col-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100: new
cottage.
$3000— 550 cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
*3260-$2OO cash, $30 monthly; 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500—9300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100; '
handsome colonial cottage; 7 rooms and bath.
\ ■.:< rsi: & I.KMMEL, Uav-st. station, Ala- !
meda, and 638 Market st., Ban Francisco.
CO fIA DOWN —ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM :
<iPJ-vU modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1600 '
Park St., Alameda.
< HUH! >'i-:w~a"xu modern house OF 7 i
<ig)-±\J\J\J. rooms and bath; lot 42x147:6: in
good locality; terms easy; installments. JOSEPH
A. LEONARD CO., 1364 Park St., Alameda.
BERK.KL.KI BJSAIi KSTATK.
* -f|n ONLY FOX THE FURXITURe",
'ID "/Uy^good-will thrown In; large boarding-
house, with good business : only half a block from
university grounds; given up on account of sick- i
| ness. .JO.-3. J. MASON, Dwight way station,
Berkeley. . . ..---... ;
SANTA CLARA COUNTY,
JtEAt, KSTATK.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
■ 19,100 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. 11. PHILLIPS, proprietor. i
&2 East Santa Clara st., San Jose, Cal. j
TO EXCHANGE.
17 OK SALE— IN" EXCHANGE FOR BOAKD, !
J completely and elegantly furnished house of i
8 rooms; price $800; or would sell on easy terms.
Address M., box 123, Call Office.
aNT i-: d-to EXCHANGE FOR INCOME
»» property in San Francisco, desirable unim- ;
proved residence and business property, centrally j
located, in Los Angeles; great bargain. H. 0,,
box 72. Call Office.
0 EXCHANGE IX ALAMEDA— HOUSE OF
8 rooms and bath; lot 50x110, Encinal aye., !
for nice lot near Golden Gate Park. Address R. 11., ;
box 60. (all Office.
DENTISTS.
rTTTkoki;;: \\ .~i/kkk.~ TinT^^NUiNK ;
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction i
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth !
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st. I
~I>AINLKSS EXTRACTION! 60c; CROWN
JL bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 y ears'
experience. H.LW.MMI, D.D.a, 815% Geary.
v SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
£l DR. 11. G. YOUNG, IMi Polk st.
D" R. 11. 11. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a. specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DX. 1.. T. (KANZ-KX TRACTION PAINLESS;
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grunt aye.
CROOME DENT ASSOCIATION, 7W MAR-
\J ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able Rgent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
inn •■}>.">; fillings inn $1 : extracting 50c. with gas $1. ]
1 <D»/7/A BKT FOB TEETH; WARRANTED AS
«V I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIM
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
T\ R7~LtfDLUM iiiu. 1443 MAiiKET HT.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plat"* made over like new; '
ieeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gos given.
/ miLToN DENTAL . ASSOCIATION. 80tt MAR-
X ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER,
DB. .i.!. LEEK; 1208 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays tilt noon.
All. WORK REASONABLE AND WART
ranted. DR. .[. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
ATTOKSiIVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE iKEK; DIVORCE AiiD^PROB ATE 1
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Court*; terms reasonable; collection*, *■ tc
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.StocHtoa
'j 1 J. MURRY, ATT'YAJSD COUNsiJDTTf ~vp
1 • law; advice free. 24- Sixth st., rooms 14,19. I
■\V"~W. DAVIDSON, ATTORN X Y-AT-LAAV,iaO i
» » • California si,, uus. 14-1S; advice tree,
PHYSICIANS.
TT.A7niTLil?cl.^'HVslcX^SUllG^3?^
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus bM«, 061 Mnrlct
MRS. DR. PARLOW, CHIROPODIST. 12«
Kearny; rm. 47, hrs. 11 10 5; res. ~ - Nicholas.
["Jemovkd^dr. c.~cTo^7)on~xell i'» 1208
Jt Market st. ; diseases of women a specialty.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
3!AHliIA<:i; i.ui:nm:\
The following marriage license were issued by
the County Cleric's office yesterday:
Charles L. Ludwlg and Bessi<- Bodge. 31 24.
George Benolci and Maggie Gallagher. ;-57— 22.
A. Vruess and Amelia K. Saonger, 27—19.
ire I L. Lawrence and Susie L.Wlse, 24—17.
T. F. McLatislin and Mamie Gallagher. 25-22.
mVOUCE i'::ii!'t,::i)!.M^,
Complaints Bled:
Edward a. foetheringham against Helen S.
Foetherlngliam.
Paul lleinecke against Fannie B. Heinecke, and
Fannie B. llelnecke, cross-complalnc.
Divorces granted :
Charles L, Ludwig from 8. Ludwig, for willful de-
sertion; l, ■ Judge Troutt.
Louis spltzfrom Leona Spitz, for infidelity: i. v
Judge Dougherty. ■
Florence G. Pierce from David W. fierce, on the
ground of defendant • conviction of a felony.
Willie A. Skaggs from Wilson W. Skates, for
neglect and fail ure to provide; by Judge Doug herty.
Plaintiff allowed custody of minor child.
BIRTHS— MARBIACES— DEATIisT
BORN.
KELLING— In this City, January 8, 1896, to the
wife of George (Celling, a daughter.
TERWILLIGER— In this city. January 8, 1896,
to the wife of X. C. Terwilliger, a son.
BIAKBIKD.
BUELL— NY ATT— In Oakland, August 20, 1595,
S. W. Buell of Brooklyn, N. V., and Bessie M.
Xyatt of Sun Francisco.
SCHRODER— In this City, January
8, 1896, Henry Lachtrup of Sacramento and
Mamie Schroder of San Francisco.
PERSONS— KELLY— In this city, January 8.1596,
by tin- Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. William M. Per-
sona and Laura B. Kelly, both of San Francisco.
STARK— WAGXER— In this city, December 25,
1895, David Stark and Dr. Bertha M. E.Wagner.
DIED.
Assalino, Caterlna Hansell, Caroline 8.
Binning, Arthur Ho^an, James
Callaghan. James , Jacoby, Dr. Leopold
Coleman, Hyman / Johnson, Mrs. Alice
Colernau, Hannah ' Kenny. Joseph
Cummery, Marie L. Kreiss, Lauretta L.
Ellis, Charles Lane, Dr. William T.
Ford. James B. Mendelson, Elkan
Gill, Charles . Mueller, Wilhelmlne
Greeley, Mary Xiemann, Johann P.
Oliver, Helen
ASSALIXO— In this city, January 8, 1896, Cater-
lna, dearly beloved wife of Salvatore Assalino,
and mother of Mrs. Annie A. Cerutti and Miss
Vittoria Assalino, a native of Italy, aged 53
years.
«s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clocic p.m., from her late
residence, 38 Twenty-seventh street, northwest
corner of Harrison street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BINNING— In this city, January 9, 1896, Arthur,
only and beloved son of Henry and Metta Bin-
ning, a native of San Francisco, aged 11 months
and 18 days.
«s~.t'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his parents, 663 Minna street, near Eighth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CALLAGHAN— In this city. January 9, 1896,
James, beloved husband of Johanna Callaghan,
and father of James Callaghau and Mrs. Mary
Passo:o, a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged
63 years.
#s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 331 Filbert street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, Vallejo street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COLEMAN— The setting of the headstone of the
late Hyman and Hannah Coleman will take
place TO- at. OßßOW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m..
at Hills of Eternity Cemetery. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to attend.
CUMMERY— In this city, January 9, ism;, Marie
Louise Cummery, beloved daughter of J. Giilett.
beloved mother of Mrs. 11. G. ii.i .v. , a native of
Pans, aged 47 years. [ Alameda papers please
copy. ]
if3~Frlends and acquaintances ar? respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tills DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of H. C Porter & Co., 122 Eddy street?
thence to the Church of Notre Dame desVlc-
toires. Bush street, near Stockton, for services at
9 o'clock a. m.
ELLIS— In East Oakland, January 8, 1896, ' 'haries
Ellis, father of C.J. Kills of Sacramento, aged
69 years and 9 months.
$3fThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his lain
residence, 766 East Thirty-fifth street, East Oak-
land, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Fran*
Cisco.
FORD— Enter.- I into rest, January 9, 1896, James
8.. beloved husband of Catherine Henry Ford,
a native of Randolph, M;is;.. aged 41 years.
[Lynn and Brockton papers please copy. ]
1 Funeral strictly private from his late resi-
dence, 1446 Leavenworth street, THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GILL— In this city, January 5. 1896. Charles Gill,
a native of Yorkshire, England, aged 51 years.
JB(3~Fnend3 and aconaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at ' :30 o'clock p. m., from st. George's
Hall, 317 Mason street, where funeral services
will be held under the ausi Ices of Pickwick
Lodge No. 259, Order Sons of St. George. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remain* at the par-
lors of the Western Addition Funeral Directors,
2428 California street, between Fiilmore and
Steiner.
GRKICLKY— In this city, January 9, 1896, Mary
Greeley, a native of County Mayo, Ireland, aged
74 years.
fttTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the San Francisco Undertaking Company,
1235 Market street, near Ninth, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. it. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAXSELL— In this city, January 10. 1896, Caro-
line S., relict of the late William E. Hansel!,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 61 years and
2 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral MONDAY,
January 13, at 2 o'clock p. if  from her late resi-
dence, 710 LarKin street, interment i. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HOG AX— In this city, January 9, 1896, James,
beloved son of Johanna and the late Matthew
Hogan, a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years
11 months and 9 days.
£S~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
Interment private.
JACOBY— Da Zuerich, Switzerland, December 20,
1895, at the age of 54 years. Dr. Leopold Jacoby,
brother of Phllo Jacoby. Mrs. Charles Simon and
Mrs. Arnold Pollak of San Francisco and Conrad
Jacoby of Los Angeles.
JOHNSON— In Etna, Cal., January 7. 1896, Mrs.
Alice Johnson, a native of South Africa, aged 28
years 2 months and 13 days.
KENXY— In this city, January 7, 1896, Joseph
Kenny, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
KRKIss — In this city, January 9, 1896, Lauretta
Louise Kreiss, a native of Bremerhaven. Ger-
many, aged 64 years : 11 months and 23 days.
[Nevada City iCal.) papers please copy. ]
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock p. M., from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. F. A. Potter, 2913 Folsom
street, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
Interment Nevada City, Cal. Please omit flowers.
LANE— In Adelaide, San Luis Obispo County.
January 10. 1896, Dr. William T. Lane, husband
of C. S. Lane, and father of Mrs. Edwin Smith,
Mrs. John Scott, Mrs. Samuel Seymour. Mrs.
Milton H. Sunderland an.l ■ James H. Lane of
Evansville, Ind., a native of Tennessee, aye.l 71
years.
MENDELSON— The monument of the late F.lkan
Mendelson will be set TO-MORROW (Sunday),
at 30 o'clock p. m.. Hills of Eternity Cemetery,
San Mate©. Friends an.l acquaintances art! in-
vited to attend.
MUELLER-In this city. January 9, 1888, WJI-
-helmine, beloved daughter of John and Julia
Mueller, a native or San Francisco, a?ed 7
months and 9 da)
ayFriends uurt acquaintances are resoeet-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. '.;., from the resilience
of her parents, 306 Seventh street, near Foisom,
thence to St. Boniface's Churcti, Golden Gate
avenue, for services at 1 :30 o'clocU p. m. Inter-
ment Ho'.y Cross Cemetery.
NIEMANN— In this city, January 9, 1896. Johann
Friedrlch Xiemann, a native of .Germany, aged
69 years 7 months and 23 days. '
OLIVER— In Hay wards. January 10. IH^li. Helen,
wife of A. V. Oliver, and sister of Mrs. F. M.
Smith Of Haywards,' Mrs. V. C. Bheppard of
Stockton and J. F. Culm of San Prate s and
Stockton, aged 33 years H months and 6 dttys.
Usf"Friend3 and acquaintances .irr' re-«r>ec-.-
fully Invited to attend the- funeral TO-MOH
(Sunday) from the resideui c in HaywaMs. in-
terment Lone Tree Cemetery .
unl'tkd'unTi'kktakeiis'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything P.c<juisite or First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telepl.one ~T-r*'.^L *;V l Liiif} > ' str|J - r .
NicAVOY & GALLAGHER, '
'FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAI.IIKR-t,
SO Fifth St., Opp. I.incoiu School.
. Telephone 3080.
in * * -
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
INSANMATEO COUNTY; NON-eECTABIAIfi
laid oat on the lawn plan; rpstual care; beuo-
-1 ttful, permanent and easy of access; see U before
buying » burial place elsewhere.
I City office, y City U*U ATwak .
1516
MRS. DAVIDSON
HELD FOR TRIAL
Judge Campbell Makes a
Strong Arraignment of
the Defendant.
THE OVEEMAN LETTERS.
Mrs. Tunnell Declares They Are
Forgeries and the Work of
Mrs. Davidson.
A BOSTON WOMAN A VICTIM.
She Entrusted the Sum of $4800 to
the Custody of the Alleged
Blackmailer.
Mrs. Davidson has been held to answer
before the Superior Court to the charge of
extortion preferred by Hew Dr. C. O.
Brown.
Mrs. Tunnell, the erstwhile friend of the
aged prisoner, declares positively that she
has no knowledge of i illicit re
lations existing between Miss Overman
and Dr. Brown. She clinches this with
the emphatic statement that the letters
purporting to bo from Miss Overman to
herself, as already published, are forgeries
pure and simple-
i in brief is the situation of the j
Brown-Davidson scandal as it stands to- |
day. One of the two women who it was
claimed could, in all probability, have
strengthened the charges made by Mrs.
-on affecting the morality of the
pastor of the First Congregational Church,
now makes a statement iv which she ex
presses an abiding faith in the honesty
and purity of heart of the reverend gen
tleman.
In Tin- Call of yesterday Mrs. Tunnell
practically admitted the authenticity of
the "Overman letters." To-day she de
clares that Mrs. Davidson is an accom
plished forger.
"I believed up to Friday, December 27,
nit.," she says, "that Mrs. Davidson was
a Christian. Since then the overwhelming
evidence has come out that she is the most
consummate hypocrite I hud ever known.
G. W. WILDER. MAN, PRESIDENT OF THE WORLD'S CHRISTIAN COOPERA.
TIVE SOCIETY, WHO TESTIFIED THAT HE GAVE .MRS. BADDIN A
BLANK APPLICATION ()! .MEMBERSHIP IN THAT ORGANIZATION.
Sketched in court by a "Call" artist.]
I believe Mrs. Davidson is a dangerous
person, and I trust she will be placed
where she will not have another oppor
tunity to ply her nefarious business by
playing on the creduiity of the innocent
and unsuspecting."
Then Mrs. Tunnell tells a remarkable
story. She briefly recounts her acquaint
anceship with the principal witness in the
case, and repudiates absolutely any knowl
edge of money given to Miss Overman, or
in fact anything which reflects on that
youn^ lady's character.
T: c court proceedings and other inter
esting developments in the case will be
found below.
ARE THEY FORGERIES?
Mrs. Tunnell Declares the Overman
Letters Were Never Received
by Her.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 10.— As promised
In last ni-rht's dispatch, Mrs. Ttinnell kept
her word and granted an interview to The
Cau representative to-day. After a short
conversation Mrs. Tunnell agreed to re
duce lier statement to writing, and did so,
us follows:
To tin 'all: Last evening :u 7 o'clock, when
the first Intimation readied me that there
were letters published from Miss Overman to
me, after a hasty glance at the fac-simile of
part of one letter, I said it looks like her writ
nip, and n few sentences read to me 1< d me to
believf they were, a tbiei or a forger is con
cerned, for since thai time I have read the
letter:-, mid Sad in them another evidence that
Mrs. Davidson Is an accomplished forger.
Tne letters as pu'.ii.-hed were never received
by me. in the last days the devil was to be
transformed into an angel oi light and deceive
it possible the very elect. I believed up to
Friday, December 27th ult., that Mrs. David
son was a Christian. Since men the over
whelming evidence came that she was the
most consummate hypocrite I had ever known.
Language fails «o exprei ■ mpi for one
who uses religion as a cloak. I believe Mrs.
Davidson is a dangerous p-r-on, and trust she
will b«- placed where she will i . < . t have another
opportunity ;o ply her nefarious business by
playing on the credulity of the innocent and
unsuspecting.
1 have known Mattie long and well ;i:id have
also knowii Dr. Brown tor a year or two and
have no knowledge of their wrongdoing,
criminally. I nave over held them in high
esteem and do still. They were near and dear
friends to me and to each other.
I have known Mattie in Spokane, Tacoma
anil San Francisco, and she kept the best of
company. She rentes! rooms of respectable
neighbors ot mine in Spokane. We were often
togetaer during the week and attended two or
three services together on Sundays. There are
so many false statements made in the papers
which 1 have longed to correct, but my
friends bave advised me to write to no one, not
even my children.
A way ha- Just presented itself to write this
without leading the reporters to this place,
and I mifst say, with Paul, it is a small ihinu
to be judged by man's judgment, but 1 am Mire
no one who knows me will believe the state
ments of a dissipated landlady, who .-ays I owe
room rent, <t auy one else who says I am even
tainted with spiritualism or any other ism.
i: ! had ! ; oi dreaded publicity and suffered
in Mleiire another woll in sheep's Clothing
would have been behind the burs in the per
son of J. Kmuison, who. like Mrs. Davidson,
the worse they behave the more they plend
self-righteousness in public by lo:>g "prayers
and testimonies and reading" the Bible at
restaurant ta
That book Bays you shall know them by their
fruits, not words. Mrs. Eaton was attracted to
Mattie and baa always told me to give her a
pressing Invitation to visit her, even if I could
not accompany her. If thn doctor sent money
by me I did not see it. Sometimes be pave me
some help for the poor. 1 believe £1 was the
most he uave me at a time. 1 never hinted it
was wanted, but he offered it voluntarily when
I would relate some sad case of destitution.
Mas. M. F. Tin nell.
THE PRISONER HELD.
Mrs. Davidson on the Stand Asrain.
Testimony Regarding the Lost
Mrs. Baddln.
Judge Joaoliimsen's courtroom was
the scene yesterday of the continua
tion of the hearing of the charge
of extortion against Mrs. Mary Abbot
Davidson by Rev. Dr. C. O. Brown. Judge
Campbell called for order at 1:45 r. m.,
only iifteen minutes after the time set.
The first matter to come up was the con
sideration of the record from Salera, Mass.,
reciting the conviction and sentence to
thirty months' imprisonment on a charge
of embezzlement of Mrs. Mary A. David
son. But before argument on this subject
was begun ex-Judge Louderback asked the
defendant to take the stand for further
cross-examination. Her counsel objected
on the ground that the prosecution had
completed her cross-examination on
Thursday. Judge Campbell, however,
overruled the objection of the defense, and
Mrs. Davidson resumed the stand.
Attorney Lioyd's assumption that the
record from Salem, Mass., showed the
defendant's conviction was objected to by j
Attorney Gallagher on the ground that
the record had not yet been made a part j
of the evidence, and ho intimated quite !
aPErily that Lloyd was talking for the !
benefit of the audience present and the
general public.
After considerable argument counsel for
the prosecution admitted that the offense
mentioned in the record was not a felony
nnder the statutes of Massachusetts, and;
so could not be used to impeach the cred- <
ibility of defendant. But he asked to in- j
troduoe the record for the purpose of cr.iss
examining the witness upon it, but of this j
privilege he was also deprived on the show
ing that the record which had been pro
cured by Deacon Morse for use in the pres
ent case was not properly attested, as it
lacked the certificate of the presiding mag
istrate of the Superior Court of Massachu
setts.
Louderback then resumed the cross-ex
amination of the defendant by asking her
what was the character of her "physical
and mental breach," as she described it in
her testimony. Slie replied:
I would like to define it, but I cannot tell.
Louderbaek— What was the disease?
Witness— lt was a rush of blood to the head.
Anything else?
It Hft'eeied my nervous system and caused
my blood to supperate unequally. It worked
on my nervous system, and "was probably
brought oii by hard work.
Did it come on in H74?
Somewhere about then.
And this rush of blood continued until
1889?
I presume it did, more or less.
Did you have that ru>h of blood on and off,
or was it one continuous rush?
I know that it made a blßnk of my mind.
Will you give us the name of your physi
cian?
I can't tell. lam only trying to tell the
truth.
You are a pious woman and—
Gallagher— Don't insult the woman. You
have no right to insult her.
Louderback— What was the name of your
physician?
Witness— l do not know.
Do you know whether you did or did not
have a physician for that rush of blood?
An object ion was made and sustained.
Did you have a physician at any time while
While you were troubled with the rush of
blood?
I don't know.
Did you go to the Centennial in Phila
delphia?
I don't know anything about It and have
told you it was a blank, and I shall stick to it.
Have not you told people that you did go to
the Centennial?
No.
During these years that you say were such a
blank did you give birth to a child ?
I know nothing, sir.
Did anybody tell you to repeat those words?
I do not know.
Did you ever obtain $4800, or any other
sum of money, from Sarah Jane Stevens in
Boston?
Mrs. Sarah Jane Stevens is a dear friend of
mine and she placed in my hands some money
at two different times. I did not give a re
ceipt. She gave it to me as a loan. I took it
as a loan because I preferred to taKe it that
way.
The Court— Have you a daughter ?
Witness— l have no knowledge of a daughter.
Louderbaek— Did anybody ever tell you that
you had a son or daughter ?
No, sir, no one ever told me. This language
does not Insult me. I understood your doings
yesterday when you were asking me about
what that paper (meaning the Salem News)
contained. I would like to have that paper.
it interested me very much.
About that i£4300. Did you ever give it
back to Mrs. Stevens?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 11, 1896.
MRS. C. E. THURSTON, THE EVANGELIST, AS SUE APPEARED ON THE
WITNESS - STAND YESTERDAY.
[Sketched in court by a "Call" 1 artisL]
In arguing on an objection made by the
defense, ex-Judge Louderback said:
We can judge of her condition of mind by
what took place iubsequent and prior to the
mental condition which prevents her from
recollect ins anything. The Btory ol how she
Obtained h sum of money fraudulently was
published in the Boston papers. It also told of
how s;he carried on other fraudulent transac
tions. We want to show that she was in jail,
and that perhaps her husband whs in Jail. We
want to -how that her statement about the
hank is not true, arid that she nas been sailing
a piratical craft all this time.
The objection was overruled and witness
answered as follows: "1 think you had
better ascertain from Mrs. Stevens.'
The court — Tan you answer the question,
Mr?. Davidson?
Witness— l did ; all that the lady desired, and
still hold ns much as 1 want of it.
Louderback — You havn't returned any part
of it. Why don't you give a truthful answer?
Gallagher— We object to counsel insulting
the witness.
The court— l am of opinion that the witness
is evading and will ask her to answer the
question.
Witness — Mr*. Stevens gave me that money.
She was my friend. £he offered me the money
nnil I took it and agreed to pay hrr a low rate
of interest. I paid her the Interest, imt not
not the principal. She has not asked for it.
Louderback — Have you risd an article in the
Boston Traveler of January 1, 1896, charging
you with having swindled Mrs. Stevens out of
this money?
Witness— No. She never asked me to return
her the money.
Did you not write her a letter about De
cember 10?
An objection to the introduction of this
newspaper account was sustained and the
witness was then excused.
The defense then called Alfred J. Clode
to the stand. He testified that he has
lived at 35 South Park since last August ;
that he arrived in this City about that
time; that he had formerly lived at Seattle
and that he had met a Mrs. Baddin on the
steamer Umaiilla the latter part of July on
a voyaye to this City. On being asked
to give a description of her he crave one
that tallies almost exactly with that given
by the defendant when on the stand Thurs
day. He further testified that she had two
children with her, a boy of 8 and a girl 4 or
5 years of age. He further testified that he
saw her again at Lilienthal's hop ranch
near Pleasanton, Alameda County, last Oc
tober. Some unimportant cross-exam in ;i
--tion followed, when witness was excused.
Mrs. C. E. Thurston was next called.
She testified that she lived at 802 Jefferson
street, Oakland, and has lived there for
three months; that she formerly lived in
San Francisco; that she knew Mrs. Tun
nell, Mattie Overman and Dr. Brown. She
then stated that the first time she met Dr.
Crown was at a hotel on Market street,
between Sixth and Seventh, and that he
was accompanied by Mattie Overman and
a Miss Ash bury. A determined effort was
made by the prosecution to brine out the
substance of conversations bad by witness
with Miss Overman and Mrs. Tunnell, but
it was frustrated by the rulings of the
Judge, who sustained the objections made
by the prosecution.
<i. W. Wilderrnan, president of the
World's Christian Co-operative Society,
testified that a Mrs. Baddin, accompanied
by two children, had made application to
join the society on the 23a of August, 1895,
but had never paid the $2 fee to make her
a member. His description of her tallied
with that given by Mr. Clode. He stated
that she was seeking employment and
gave him to understand she had come
from Tacoma, and that if she failed to find
employment in the City she would leave
town. On the application being examined
by Attorney Lloyd he claimed the signa
ture was I. E. Batidin and not J. E. Baddin.
Ernest Simpson, City editor of the
Chronicle, testified that "Mattie Overman,
early in September, came to the Chronicle
office to sell a story for $1000, but he was
prevented by the objections of the prose
cution from telling the nature of the story.
Detective Seymour was called in rebut
tal by the prosecution and related his un
successful search for Mrs. Jane Elizabeth
Baddin in the neighborhood of Sixth and
Bryant sireets and Fourth and Mission
streets. He failed to get even a trace of
her, he said. He further testified that he
wa.sseaiching for Mrs. Davidson for the
purpose of arresting her from the 22d of
December till the 28th, the day of her
arrest.
This closed the case, so far as testimony
is concerned.
Ex -Judge Louderback opened the argu
ment and in the course of his remarks
said :
Tiiis is a most extraordinary case in some re-
Bpects. A person comes into court to have a
blackmailer punished. If Dr. Brown had let
the maiter pass he would have secured silence,
but he had the moral courage to de;ermine
that this thing mus! be put a stop to. He said:
"It is my duty 10 prosecute this woman," and
comes here with that moral courage for justice
apainst this woman.
1 his woman says she went lo Dr. Brown as
his friend. Do you think that any sane man
wiio had done what was charged against Dr.
Brown in this case would have had his friend
arrested? What motive in God's world— what
motive would Dr. Brown have to arrest this
defendant lor blackmail? She told Dr Brown
and then wrote it down that she was the agent
for Mrs. Baddin. Her defense that she acted
as the friend of Dr. Brown is founded on false
hood, in tin- capacity of agent for Mrs. Bad
dm she took that money.
There has been the most deliberate perjury
in this caM\ This woman's defense is founded
on absolute falsehood. You never heard of a
biiickmailer that would not lie under oath.
That is the very essence of their business.
Let us take that picture. What does her
cross-examination show? She had the audi
city to state under oath, "I cannot tell whether
that is my picture or not." And she had the
audacity to state that she bad a breach In her
physical and mental system from lH74tolßßt>,
and don't know whether she ever gave birth
I > a child or not. She don't claim she wus in
an insane asylum or. ever had a physician or
took medicine.
lir. Brown told a plain, straightforward
nent— the truthful statement of a man
who had the great moral courage to arrest a
woman who tried to cast scandal upon him.
Attorney Guilfoyle followed, and in the
se of bis argument .^aid:
Counsel for the other side has stated it took
courage to have tins woman arrested. I would
like to call one instance to bis attention. While
the doctor \v«< upon the stand his attorney said
he was restrained by the rules of evidence from
answering certain questions we asked him. So
sane man would have done what ihe doctor
did on the 22d of November. He believed the
statement of the defendant and knew that it
was not false. The doctor acknowledged his
guilt by paying this money.
At this thrus' nt the prosecuting witness,
a peculiar smile wa<? .^ecii to i>!ay about the
tips of the defendant, who sat just back of
and between her two attorneys.
Continuing, Attorney Gailfoyle said:
The whole case ll thin. It is a matter of
veracity between a minister of the Gospel and
tliis woman. 1 claim that Uiat man who would
lay a mvi f"r the widows and daughters of his
congregation is not to be believed.
Applause followed, which was sumniar
ily checked by tue Judge, who exhibited
considerable an^er at the unseemly
demonstration.
I claim that tli" conduct of the doctor dur
ing ii;:* case shows that he waa guilty, and 1
claim tlmt his conduct in parting with his
wns not the courage of a man übo could
iiis innocence. He was afraid that the
thing would be noised abroad and that the
arrc-t of this woman and her conviction ami
punishment would vindicate him. That is his
on. Jf ]v' was the innocent man the
counsel claimed he would have thrown his
life open and would not have been
afraid to testify as to what the secret was he
v.u> airaid of.
Attorney Gnilfoyle followed closely the
line of argument that his colleague had
traveled. In conclusion he said :
Would an honest man permit himself to be
Shut Oil from testifying to the truth? Counsel
for the other Milt 1 said he did not want to pun
ish this woman, but wanted to rapport a prin
ciple. The principle was to prevent the whoie
truth from coming out, to prevent an investi
gation into the life of this prosecuting wit
ness.
Itouben H. Lloyd made the closing argu
ment. He said :
]t lias been asserted here that Pr. Brown has
two or three lawyers. That is not true. Dr.
Brown did not employ me. He had no means
to employ me. It is not necessary for me to
say who employed me. lam here on behalf of
the people. I am not here to pander to tne
people who come here to hear the salacious de
tails which w.re expected to come out. 1 have
an utter contempt for these people (taking in
the whole courtroom with a sweep of his eyes).
Thai is what they are here for. They have no
interest in tins case. They have no interest in
the good of the community. lam not here to
pander tothat element, we are not here to
try the doctor. There is a forum to try him.
Tli is woman is now before her forum. I am
here to try this woman. I am here to show
that this woman is guilty of this crime, a
crime greater than murder.
Counsel then made a reference to the first
demand for $1000, which Dr. Brown had
testified the defendant had made. This
elicited from the defendant repeated utter
ancos of "That is a lie."
When a reference was made by Mr.
Lloyd on the value to tiie doctor of hi 3
character the defendant disdainfully in an
undertone remarked for the evident benefit
of the spectators, "'Umph! 'Umph!
character!"
Lloyd denounced Mrs. Baddin as a myth
and claimed that the entry in the book of
Mrs. Davidson showing tliat Mrs. Baddin
had made a purchase there on the 10th of
December, ls<Js, was unreliable and un
worthy of any consideration, as it bore
evidence of having been manufactured for
use in this case. Continuing he said:
Defendant showed herself a shrewd and in
telligent witness. Sheis evidently an old hand
at the business. No one but an old hand could
have KO.ie on the stand and done as she did.
No virgin witness could do that. She is an old
warrior, as your Honor must be aware, from
your experience with criminals.
Referring again to the question of the
doctor's alleged misconduct Atto-ney
Lloyd plainly intimated that Dr. Brown
lia.-s decided to ask for an investigation by
his church people when he said: "There
is a proper forum for that, and it will be
beard there, too."
Quite a ripple of laughter was created by
the counsel's reference to the peculiar lo3s
of memory by the defendant in saying that
there was a rush of money in her pocket
simultaneously with the rush of blood to
her head.
Judge Campbell immediately on the con
clusion of the argument delivered his de
cision as follows:
In tins rase it is my duty under the code to
lust and whether or not a crime has been com
muted as charged in the complaint, and then,
II land that ( nine hus been committed, to go
lully into the evidence and see whether there
is sufliciem cause lo lind delendant guilty of
the crime charged in the complaint. I have
given a great deal of time and thought to this
case, for 1 don't believe I have ever had a more
important case than this before me.
lhe testimony In the case shows that the
money was received by the defendant from
tne complaining witness, how defendant re
ceived it, and H Is clear to my. mind that she
went deliberately to the doctor to extort this
in; ney and received the money.
Tm money that the compmining witness lost
is a mere trill.-. She conies into court to make
ncr defense and she attempts to take his good
name. It is a matter oi record that all blaci.
mailers try to blacken the characters of the |
men who will not submit to their demands. 1 ;
don't know ol any more detestable crime than \
that of blackmail. 1 want to encourage men j
to come into court with these easei. The only !
testimony that tends at nil to smirch the char- \
acter of the complaining witness is that which
the defendant herself gives. Her manner j
shows that she is a woman of i tlture, of edu- i
cation and refinement, but she has perverted
that education to a dangerous business. What
a jury would do I cannot tell, but if any twelve
men can listen to her story and not convict j
her J cannot understand, for it is plain that
she extorted this $500, and there is nothing
left for me to do under the law but to hold her
to answer before ihe Superior Court. 1 there
fore hold her to answer to the Superior Court
wilL bail at $5000.
HER BOSTON RECORD.
Mrs. Davidson Said to Have Se-
cured $4SOO From a Confi
dential Friend.
The Boston Traveller, under date of Jan
uary 1, gives the following interesting story
concerning the woman who was yesterday
held by Judge Campbell to answer before
the Superior Court to the charge of extor
tion:
Mrs. Mary Davidson, who is under arrest in i
San Francisco for alleged blackmail upon Rev.
CO. Brown of that City, had an interesting
career in Boston, and managed to get consider
able money from one person at least beiore she
left the city.
She was a member of Rev. Nehemiah Boyn
ton's Hock at the Union Congregational
Church on Columbus avenue, and later be
came prominent in Dr. Lorimer's congrega- j
tion at Treinout Temple, where she was '
apparently deeply interested in Sunday
school work. This was during 1890 and
1891. She used to room on North
ampton street, at the South Eud, in 1890,
and at tho time sold starch for a living. She
used to carry about a satchel containing her
slock in trade, and managed, through her elo- !
quence, not only to sell considerable starch at
a profit, but maue several valuable friends.
Among them was Mrs. Sarah J. Stevens, an old
lady ol 80 years, who lived at 17'J Northamp
ton street.
Mrs. Stevens became deeply interested in the
plausible Mrs. Davidson and her religious
work. The women became very intimate.
Mrs. Davidson, who professed extreme piety,
frequently used to cull on her friend and pray
with her. They prayed tor most everything.
Mrs. Stevens had considerable money in
vested in bonds, and when they were called in
and paid Mrs. Davidson learned of the amount
of ready cash possessed by her new friend.
Then she began to talk about going into the
dressmaking business with a Mrs. Brown, and
finally induced Mrs. Stevens to lend her !ji2B«)U
on her note at 4 per cent. The note was made
payable in ten years. A place was secured on
Tremont street, opposite the Common.
Then Mrs. Brown heard something about
Mrs. Davidson, and refused to become asso
ciated with her in business. Mrs. Davidson,
however, persuaded Mrs. Stevens that she was
ail right, and went into business on her own
account. Soon she needed more money, she
Baid, and borrowed tbe remainder of Mrs.
Stevens' cash, $2000, also on a ten years' note,
this time for 3 per cent interest.
.Friends of Mrs. Stevens remonstrated with
her, but she remained loyal to Mrs. Davidson,
evidently being persuaded that the woman
was above reproach. A Mrs. Wilson of Salem,
Who is now living with Mrs. Stevens in her
Northampton-street home, was particularly
averse to the intimacy with Mrs. Davidson,
but could do nothing to break it up.
Mr. Gibson of Lawrence, Kans., a brother of
Mrs. Stevens, who came to Boston for the
i. rand Army celebration in 1890, met Mrs.
Davidson, and went home convinced that his
sister had found a good friend in Mrs. David
son. Four years later he was compelled to
come here again to call for his sister, who hart
become a confirmed invalid, and has since re
mained with her.
Mrs. Davidson went to Chicago in 1893 to
tbe World's Fair, and then to San Francisco.
l!»r payments of the intereston the nines have
been tew and far between, and she still owes
considerable on that account. She has written
some very fiovrery letters, however, and here is
one of them:
San Francisco. 225 Geary street,!
December 10," 1896. /
S. OiUon, lioston — Dkar sjk: Your truly wel
come letter is most gratefully received as It has
been so long since 1 beard from our dear Mrs. Ste-
ALFRED S. CLODE, A WITNESS WHO TESTIFIED TO THE EXISTENCE OI
THE MYSTERIOUS MRS. BADDIN.
[Sketched in court yesterday by a "Call" artist.]
vena and you are so kind to tell me so much about
her. The dear Lord knows us all and what is best
for us, and very soon he will bring us together
in his blessrd kingdom, If we are faith
ful to ourcoveuarit vows. Of course, I cannot be
unmindful of my obligations to our deur Mrs.
Stevens, but I dio not hear from you and greatly
wonilereil why your reply was so long delayed. I
thought of everything, nni last I prayed about it,
that the Lord would let me know some way.
So my prayer is heard, and she stil! lives and
does not suffer, and I am so glad. How I would
love to come in this afternoon and bring some ripe
strawberries, so plentiful in the market here,
and new oranges and fresh flowers. My
home is Just opposite the Common, where
bunches of calla lilies are in full bloom,
and the grass is so green and sweet just after the
morning. The weather is cooler to-day than
usual, but like many of our days in June way back
Kast. still X love the East best, with its snow and
cold winters, because I love the people best there.
There Is so much evil here and excitement to
dlstruct the mind. Now as to the balance due
from the bank, you can present it when they get
ready to pay It," and it cannot be far off. I will
inclose fifty dollars (50), and to make
things as I once spoke of doing— l will
send you more next month, and with
Hod's help may I prove my gratitude to the dear
loving friends, as well as to our Heavenly Father,
who helped me in my hour of need.
My love God knows is in my heart for her, and
begs to express itself according to the means of his
grace, who will bless her for her kindness to me.
With much love to her and a blessing upon you all,
I am yours, Mrs. Mary A. Davidson.
The letter was addressed to Mr. Gilson, care
of Mrs. Stevens, at 172 Northampton street.
The bank referred to is the Second National,
whose president, Mr. Beal, is the receiver for
the Maverick National Bank, in which
Mrs. Davidson claimed she deposited
most of the money she borrowed from
Mrs. Stevens, and which she lost
temporarily through the failure of that
bank. It appears, however, that her de
posit was only about $750, much of which has
been paid in the usual dividends to depositors
from time to time. There are a few more divi
dends to be paid, it is understood, and the last
one of these has been assigned by Mrs. David
son to Mrs. Stevens in payment on the back in
terest on the notes.
Mr. William Ayery Carey of 23 Court street
has the matter in charge as Mrs. Stevens' at
torney.
Mr. Wilson called at The Traveler office this
morning. He said that he feared that Ins sister
would never get back her money, but that if the
interest was paid promptly it would be of great
service to her. lie finds it hard to believe that
Mrs. Davidson meant to deceive Mrs Stevens.
He wrote to San Francisco several times, be
ginning last winter. His sister has not heard
lrom Mrs. Davidson for some time.
She then wrote that "for various reasons"
she had changed her address, which used to be
Ellis street, ban Francisco, and hud not re
ceived any letters from t lie East. The interest
on the money amounts to $160 a year, but iliat
sum fails to materialize iroin Mrs. Davidson.
Neither note is due until after 1900, so
shrewdly did Mrs. Davidson tix things with
her aged friend.
Joseph E. Shaw, who arrested Mrs.
Davidson at Albany, N. V., writes the fol
lowing letter to Chief Crowley:
January 1, 189 G.
Chief nf Police, San Francisco, Cat.— Dear
Sib: i have been importuned by the police of
this city for information in reference to one
Mary A. Davidson, and have turned over to
them O^photograph of her and such informa
tion as was in my possession relative to her.
Some time in ISBU. while I wa- a member of
the Massachusetts district police, a case was
put into my hands to investigate in which she
was involved. I found that she was a
swindler to the extent of some several thou
sands of dollars.
She suddenly disappeared, and it was some
months before I whs able to locate her. 1
finally found her at Albany, N. V., ana brought
her back on a requisition, she was arrested
November J. 7,1886,, 1886, committed to the Salem
Jail on capias, and tried at the January term.
1887. She was convicted of selling mortgaged
property and sentenced to thirty months In
the House of Correction, which she served.
At the time she was arrested I knew her well,
had been in and out of her store a great many
times and done business ior her. She denied
all Knowledge oi me— denied thnt her name
was Mary A. Davidson, but '-aid it was Mary
Sturgis. 'She kept that up during me whole
time to the day of her bentenee, claiming that
her whole past was a biank to her; she had no
record of it, etc.
At the time of my investigations I looked up
ncr whole history. In my judgment she is
a very dangerous woman, unwurthy^of belief.
No credence should be placed upon anything
she says, when she is directly interested.
I should be very glad to render you any as
sistance in the matter 1 can, and if it was nec
essary and I could get released from my duties
1 would come to identify her and give what
ever testimony I could in the matter, for ex
penses. Very "truly yours,
Joseph E. Shaw,
Deputy State Fire Marshal.
The Boston Standard under date of De
cember ol contains the following concern
ing Mrs. Davidson :
Mrs. Davidson, who is under arrest at Sail
Francisco on the charge of extortion preferred
by Rev. CO. Brown, pastor of the First Con
gregational Church, is not known to the Boston
police.
Assistant Inspector Dugan has in his collec
tion of criminals, however, a portrait and de
scription of her. .^he is wanted In Lynn for
disposing of mortgaged property.
Sho hus a husband in Lynn, nnd a father and
sister in Bucksport, Me., her native place.
She lias turned out to be aeoulidence woman
of no small pretensions. Her escapade in San
Francisco has had the effect of calling public
attention to her again, and ttie police of the
State remember her as a 1- bird'' in her business.
A Standard reporter called on Chief Wade oi
tiie State police to get some facts about her.
The Chief had not charged his memory with
Mrs. Davidson's record, but referred the news
paper man to State Officer Shaw, who is now in
the Fire Marshal's office. Mr. Shaw has her
record down about as line as could be desired.
"Oh, yes," said lie, "1 know Mrs. Davidson
very well. She has cut quite a conspicuous
figure in her time. She came lrom Bucksrort,
Me., where she married Colonel Blood during
the early part of the war. She was a remarka
bly beautiful woman, and Colonel Blood was a
.strikingly Handsome man. It was said that
they were the handsomest couple that ever left
Maine. Her husband either died or was killed
during the war.
"Mrs. Blood went to Washington, where she
became a hospital nurse, in which calling, it
is said, she was very successful. Her quick ob
servation and her gentle touch and kiudly
manner made her invaluable as a nurse. She
afterward married Davidson in Maine.
"After the war she moved to Lynn, where she
went into the music business. she had a store
in Odd Fellows' building, Market street. She
dealt largely with Oliver Dltson it Co., and
took pianos from them, the firm holding a
lease of the instruments. She became involved
and a keeper was put in her store. All at once
she disappeared, leaving her creditors in the
lurch to the amount of several thousand dol
lars.
"Her sudden disappearance caused the im
pression that she had committed suicide. The
case was put into my hands and I finally
located her in Albany, N. V., where she was
engaged in soliciting insurance under the
name of Mary Sturgis. She Is a woman of great
resources, well educated, has a tine command
of language and is calculated to ingratiate her
self into the good graces of the best circles of
society.
"While in Albany she made the acquaintance
of a Mrs. West, secured a room at her house
and became almost as one of the family. 1
secured an indictment against her and got a
requisition for her, and in company with an
Albany officer vis\ted Mrs. West's to make the
arrest.
"Not being sure that Mary Sturgis was the
woman! wanted, I secreted myself and had
ihe Albany officer send for her. so that I could
see her without being Been, and in case she
proved not to be Mrs. Davidson, the other
officer could make some excuse and we would
retire. As soon as I saw her 1 knew she was
the woman i wanted. When I introduced my
self and told her my business, she indignantly
denied that stie was the woman, and said that
she had never seen me before, although I was
well acquainted with her.
"1 brought her back; she was tried and con
victed and sent to the House of Correction for
two years. When she found that her denial of
her identity would not work, she claimed that
she had been the victim of a sunstroke, and
thai from that time her mind had been a blank.
!?he did not know that her name was Davidson'
and failed to recognize all her old acquaint
ances. She claimed that everything in Lynn
was strange and now to her, and that she had
never seen any of the people with whom she
had been dealing for years.
•'1 remember having her in the Marshal's
office when a well-known lawyer, and one with
whom she was well acquainted, came in n e
walked up to her and spoke to her, calling tier
byname. She looked up in wcll-fcigiua sur
prise and said, '1 beg your pardon, sir but 1
have no recollection of having met you beiore '
When he told her he was Mr. Niles of Nllcs &
Chit, who had done so much business for her
she said in contemplative tone, 'Niles Niles'
really, sir, you must be mistaken. 1 have no'
knowledge of you.'
"Oh, she is a sleek one, and needs all the
watching she can get."
FRATERNAL COMMENT.
The Occident Scores the Women In
the Case— Jewish Times Wants
an Investigation.
The Occident, the organ of the Presbyte
NEW TO-DAT.
Good Shoes
Well made, made for comfort
made like hand-sewed — these
are Goodyear Welt Shoes. Both
sexes wear them. All shoe mer-
chants sell them.
Millions sold every year.
GOODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO., BOSTON.
rians on the coast, comments upon the
Brown-Davidson case as follows:
It seems necessary that The Occident, going
especially to Christian people, ! n !' u ld * !" **
now, though ar the beginning of the case, ol
what the daily journals call the Church
Scandal" in San Francisco. V\e writ- p w un
caution and without any attempt to P rt l '"8°
the results. On last Saturday week the Kcv.
CO. Brown, D.D.. pastor of the Hrst.Congre
gational Church of this City, caused the a ,rre si
of a Mrs. Davidson on the charge oi blackmail.
Several women thus far in the case have oe
come prominent before the public, lhis Jirs.
Davidson, who professed to be acting in behalf
of another, and demanded and secured money
from Dr. ' Brown to prevent the publicity
of a scandal; appears, as some one
expressed it, to be "too good to bo
good." She is pious and righteous
to excess, and though an aged woman ana
shrewdly intelligent, has a penitentiary record
in the "East. Another of this cluster, the
heroine, is a young woman, divorced, with an
unsavory record in Washington, who while re
ceiving the friendship of Dr. Brown is credit
ably said to have offered for sale to one of the
morning papers en Implicating article, bull
another is a woman pronounced in the affidavit
of a reputable attorney, a blackmailer, Bail
another, an Adventist evangelist, voluntarily
goes into print as a friend of the others ana
professes no shame in publicly stating that
she knew of the scandal and narrated II
in detail months before at her dining-table,
when there was present at least one man who
was not of her family.
Such are the women who thus far have ap
peared in connection with this sensation. We
may hope that Dr. Brown's good name, which
eretofore has not been tarnished, will escape
this snare.
The Jewish Times and Observer says:
Tbe proper step to dear himself of such grave
Charges against him is simply to demand an
immediate Investigation in li is church con*
cerninijthe truth ol the serious accusation
agaiiißi him. Going to the Police Court and
trying to convict the woman does not clear
him of suspicion In the eyes of the public II
guilty- a jury will convict her oi blackmail
and send her to the penitentiary, bnt let tha
whole matter be sifted in his congregation fol
the purpose of finding out whether there ex
;-<> anj cause for blackmailing. We advise the
rev. Tend gentleman to demand of his Bock an
immediate and impartial investigation for the
nurposeof establishing the moral side of the
scandalous affair.
DIAMOND HAS WITHDRAWN
Change in the Aspect of the
Union League Election
of Officers.
The Nominating Committee Will Meet
To-Morrow Noon and Name a
Substitute.
At the regular meeting of the board ol
directors of the Union League Club yester
day afternoon a letter was read from Gen
eral W. H. Dimond which changes some
what the aspect of the situation in the
league regarding the election of directors
and officers which takes place next Tues
day. The letter reads as follows:
Bab Francisco, January 10, 1896.
Hon. S. Jr. Backus, President Union League,
Club— Dear Sir: Although 1 have received no
official notice of having been placed on the
regular ticket as a candidate for director of the
club, I am informed that rach action was
taken, and that my friends have a' bo kindly
mentioned my name in connection with the
presidency.
While deeply grateful for the intended honor,
I desire to withdraw from the ticket in favor of
some member who has in the past been enabled
to give more attention to the interests of the
organization.
With best wishes for the future success of
the league, I am very truly yours,
W. H. Dimond.
The withdrawal of General Dimond
leaves General Friedrich, the present lirst
vice-president, as the only candidate ia
the rield for president.
The nominating committee will meet to
day at noon, however, and name a substi
tute for General Dimond.
Jerome Fargo's Estate.
The will of Jerome B. Fargo was filed lot
pronate yesterday, lie left all his estate to his
children, Jennie Eliza Flab, Fannie Josephine
Rom and Lulu Sp.rah Bonesteli. His executors
are < fclvin F. Fargo and Earl A. Fargo, and
they are directed to compromise all demands
arid flro given power to handle the estate as
theydeiinl.es!. The estate is supposed to ba
worth about 9200,000.
Reasonable, rapid, reliable printers and
binders. The Myscll-Kollins Co., '2i> riar. •
NEW TO-DAT.
When
Paderewski
HE WILL PLAY THE
STEINWAY
SHERMAN, "CLAY 4 CO,
Cor. Kcarny and Slitter Sts.,
Pacific Coast Representatives.
ABSOLUTE AUCTION SALE.
ON ACCOUNT OF
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
I WILL OFFER THE
Entire Stock and Fixtures
COLONEL A. ANDREWS
AT
The Diamond Palace, 221 Montgomery St.
OOHXSNCIHS
THIS DAY
Saturday, January 11, 10:30 A.M.
And Continuing Daily until all 1*
disposed of, the stock consisting of
The Finest Precious Stones,
Watches, Jewelry,
Silverware, Etc.
Sale absolute without limit or reserve
to close the business.
joh:* H. BENCH,
Auctioneer.