VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 97.
PREMIER CRISPI
FORCED TO RETIRE
And With the Leader Go
the Members of His
Cabinet.
FURIOUS OVER DEFEAT.
Throughout Italy There Is Great
Anger at the Abyssinian
Slaughter.
AN UPROAR IN THE CHAMBER.
Statesmen Openly Insult the Ministers
and Will Attempt to Impeach
Them.
ROME, Italy, March s.— Reports from
every city ana town of consequence
throughout Italy show that the excite
ment caused by the Italian reserve in
Abyssinia displays no signs of waning; on
the contrary in many places it grows
greater as the meager details of the defeat
filter through the press from official
sources.
Prime Minister Crispi and other mem
bers of the Cabinet have been compelled
to retire from office, that fact having been
announced in the Chamber of Deputies to
day, amid a scene that can fittingly be
described as pandemonium. The situa
tion in Rome is so critical that the troops
have been confined to their barracks, a
measure of precaution t.iat will enable
them to be hastily dispatched to any part
of tne city should their services be neces
sary to quell disturbances.
The university has been closed, the
authorities fearing that the hot-headed
students would attempt to make a demon
stration which in the present condition of
the popular temper might lead to serious
rioting. Despite the precautions taken,
however, there were several disturbances
to-night, but the police were able to
handle the crowds without calling upon
the military for aid. A number of ar
rests were made for disorderly conduct.
The popular indignation is directed
against Signor Crispi and other Ministers,
who, rightly or wrongly, are held to be
responsible for the disgrace that has be
fallen tue Italian army. As a matter of
fact, however, Signor Crispi did not at
3r i arpro^e the country's embarking
upon the hazardous undertaking of con
quering the ADyssinians, and it was only
the pressure exerted upon him that
caused him to support the policy of ex
panding th 3 Italian possessions in Africa.
This fact counts for little now and the
Prime Minister's enemies, of whom he
ha<= a great number, took advantage uf the
popular feeling to incite the whole Italian
people so far as to pour out the vials of
their wrath upon Signor Crispi and his
colleagues in the Ministry. Their success
was marked, and it is feared now, that the
storm tney raised will assume such pro
portions that it will indeed be a hard task
for the King to secure any man to under-
take the formation of a new Cabinet. There
is a probability that his Majesty will be
forced to request Signor Crispi to again
assume office, in which event there will be
a further and still louder outcry against
him.
The calling out of the reserves of 1872 to
serve with the colors has also added to the
dissatisfaction, and in some instances has
been one of the causes that have led to the
disorderly demonstrations. These reserves
are the men born in 1872, and the calling
of them from their employment will cause
serious loss to them.
Naples, Brescia, Palermo. Catania, Flor
ence, Venice and Sassari were the scenes
last night oi disturbances growing out of
the feeling engendered by the army's de
feat and the opposition to having the
young men of the country forced to throw
aside their means of earning a livelihood
to take up arms. Many people argue that
in view of all the circumstances of the
case it would be foolhardiness for Italy to
further continue her attempted conquest
of Abyssinia, but it is claimed by others
that it is absolutely necessary for the
country to carry out the campaign and
restore her tarnished prestige. They be
lieve that if a decisive blow is not inflicted
upon the Abyssinians the latter will
eventually drive the Italians out of fcry
threa.
The scene in the Chamber of Deputies
to-day was one to be long remembered.
Long before the opening of the Cham
ber enormous crowds of people tnronged
the vicinity and practically surrounded
the building. As tirme went on the crowds
increased andrthe excitement of the popu
lace grew more intense. The streets in the
vicinity of the Chamber were patrolled by
troops, who experienced, difficulty in mak
ing their way through the packed thor
oughfares. The members of the Ministry
in proceeding to the Chamber evaded the
crowd as much as possible. When Signor
Baccelli. Minister of Public Instruction,
arrived in the Chamber he was hissed by
the opposition Deputies and cheered by
those who adhere to the Ministry.
The sitting of the Chamber was of the
wildest character, the uproar beginning as
soon as the Chamber was called to order.
Hignor Crispi announced the resignation
of the Cabinet and stated that the resigna
tions had been accepted by the King. This
announcement was received with pro
longed and passionate applause.
The membejs of the Extreme Left
shouted insults at Signor Crispi, but the
Premier preserved his temper, and when
he was enabled to obtain a hearing de
clared with great firmness that the Min
istry, until the nomination of their suc
cessors, would retain office and maintain
public order.
The members of the Extreme Left gave
notice of their intention to introduce a
motion demanding the impeachment of
Premier Crispi and the members of the
Ministry.
The uproar continued throughout the
sittiiig with more or less volume and the
acenes of excitement and disorder were re
The San Francisco Call.
newed when the President declared the
sitting ended.
Meanwhile the crowds outside were
shouting, cursing, cheering, hissing, howl
ing and groaning. Ten arrests were made
by the ixjlice of men who hissed members
of the Ministry as they came out of the
Chamber, but the hissing and howling con
tinued iust tne same.
The Ministers paid no attention to the
crowd, but escorted by police entered their
carriages and were driven rapidly away.
To-night the demonstrations against
Signor Crispi became more energetic and
the outlook was very threatening. Great
crowds gathered in the streets, and social
ists and radical orators mounting steps,
boxes or anything that would lift them
above the level of the mobs passionately
harangued them, pointing out that all
the evil which has befallen Italy came
from the maladministration of the present
Cabinet. The Prime Minister and his
supporters were violently assailed and the
crowds were worked into a condition bor
dering on frenzy. At this point the police
in force intervened and broke up the meet
ings, not, however, without great difficulty.
.Later a crowd marched to the residence
of Signor Crispi and made a demonstra
tion before it. Every opprobrious term in
the Italian language was hurled at him,
but no attention was paid to the crowd by
those in the house. Then the mob
marched to the offices of the newspapers
that support the Government and shat
tered the windows with stones, bricks and
clubs. In driving the rioters away several
policemen were quite severely injured.
A Milan dispatch to-night states that
there has been another collision there be
tween the police and citizens. The police
used their swords and wounded nine per
sons.
Further advices were received this
afternoon from the Italian headquarters
in Abyssinia. These show that large
bodies of troops who were supposed to
have perished in the rout of the Italian
forces last Sunday are now coming into
the Italian camp.
The Shoans did not follow in pursuit of
the retreating Italians. The troops at
tribute their stampede to the fact that the
Askaris (native troops), under General
Arimondi, turned in the face of the enemy
and rushed back upon their supports.
The Abyssinians followed them in such
hot haste that they became hopelessly
mingled with the Italians so that they all
became packed in a defile, neither being
able to deploy. The consequence was
that there was a general panic among the
Italian troops.
After Signor Villa, the President of the
Chamber, had quitted the chair, several of
the members complained of his abrupt
closing of the session, which had pre
vented the Marquis di Kudini and others
from speaking in accordance with notices
they had given. The sudden ending of
the sitting also preventer! the submission
to the House of the motion of the mem
bers of the Extreme Left for the impeach
ment of Signor Crispi and the other mem
bers of the Cabinet.
One hundred and fifty Deputies, belong
ing mainly to the opposition, later met in
a committee-room. Signor VilJa addressed
them, explaining that his action was dic
tated by a desire to avert disorders.
The members present impressed upon
Signor Villa the deep indignation of the
country against the Ministers and their
policy. They declared the position in
Northern Italy was most serious, and that
a rising was actively threatened in Naples.
Signor Villa promised to inform King
Humbert, and to urge upon him a most
speedy settlement of the existing crisis.
The motion of the members of tiie Ex
treme Lett also embraced a demand for the
recall of the troops.
DEFEAT WAS JORESHADOWEIt.
One Italian Journal Predicted Just What
Han Occurred.
ROME, Italy, March s.— The Esercito
Italiano recently published an article al
luding to the possibility of defeat by the
Italian forces. It said:
"In a battle there are always a number
of factors which cannot all be foreseen
even by the most experienced. On this
basis we must take into consideration the
possibility of a battle, even though fought
under the most favorable conditions, being
lost by our troops. If we won well and
good. But if we should be defeated? On
our side there are 26,000 men against 70,000
men. In the case of a defeat will our army
manage to effect its retreat on the forts
Adigrat, Adiugri, Halay and Sanganetti?
"There is even a worse eventuality to be
faced. Such a defeat could result in the
complete annihilation of our array. We
must count on the eventuality of our whole
army falling into the hands of the Abys
sin:ans. In such a case we must prepare a
second expedition much larger than the
rir>t. When people make war they should
provide themselves with the means of car
rying it on superior to the manner of the
enemy. This we have omitted to do. In the
event of a reverse another expedition
should be put in the field in hot baste,
comprising 40,000 men, 100 elephants and
10,000 camels, and that instead of 20,000,000
of lira, no less than 200,000,000 lira should
be demanded of the Chamber of Deputies."
MRS. JtAA'SiSy- INTERVIEWED.
Think* the Story of Her Jlutband's Dis
covery a Canard.
BERLIN, Gkrmany, March s.— The Lo
kal Anzeiger publishes an interview with
the wife of Dr. Nansen, the Arctic ex
plorer, who, it has been reported, is re
turning from the north after haying dis
covered the pole.
S!:e is deluged with telegrams and letters
wiiich she is unable to nnswer. She un
derstood nothing about the question,
which she left to scientists.
Mrs. Nansen was cool and composed.
She declared that she was confident her
.husband would eventually reach the goal,
but she had no doubt that the recent story
that he had found the north pole was a
canard. Success, she added, could not be
effected so quickly and easily.
Moreover, the statements that had been
received were vague. There was nothing
positive or authentic about them.
In conclusion she said she derived the
greatest comfort and joy from knowing
the world's admiration and sympathy for
her husband.
TVHK AGAIXST B,ULGARIA\\
Eight Persona Killed in a Street fight
at Islib.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, March 5.
— A quarrel between two members of the
Municipal Council at Islib, European
Turkey--one a Bulgarian and the other a
Turk — occurred at that place to-day, re-
suiting in a street right, in which eight
persons were kiiled. A detachment of
Turkish troops from Usku Jiave gone to
Islib to preserve order, as it is feared the
disturbance will be renewed.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 6, 1896.
Political Chef — S. P. cabbage heads in the soup, eh? Well, that explains
the bad odor.
STONED BY THE
ANGRY SPANIARDS
Attack of a Mob Upon the
United States Consulate
at Valencia.
GUARD AGAINST ATTACK
But the Police Are Overcome by
the Howling, Hooting
Horde.
TERRIBLE IS THE DILEMMA.
Trouble With This Country Further
Complicated and May Culminate
in War.
VALENCIA, Btttnr, March s.— Spanish
hatred of the United States continues to
break forth afresh.
Renewed demonstrations were made to
day and a mob stoned the United States
consulate in spite of the precautions of
the authorities and the alertness of the
police.
When the mob formed its objective
point was the consulate, and extra prepa
rations were made to guard against an
attack.
But almost before the police were aware
of it a flank movement had been executed,
and the howling, yelling horde had
gathered in the street.
Stones were thrown which smashed the
windows of the consulate. The police
made a strong charge and dispersed the
crowd.
THE It IL EMM A TERRIULE.
Senor Segaata Says It Meant War or Ae
gotiation.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 6.-Senor
Regasta, the leader of the Liberal party in
Spain, has sent the following cablegram
to the Journal:
"As things look to me, the dilemma is
terrible. It means either war or negotia
tion, but we cannot desire war, and we
cannot negotiate respecting the situation.
Under the present circumstances that
would be impossible and dishon
orable. However, we will not lose
hope. A declaration of belligerency
would bear the most serious
consequences. Many Cubans would take
the field who are now restrained there
from by the fear that the United States
might abandon the cause of the insurrec
tion—as they did the last time.
"A declaration recognizing belligerency
would lead to the most serious daily
conflicts, first, because we would not
recognize insurgent's as belligerents,
and, second, because Americans would
not observe neutrality. The United States
has not even a law forbidding the sale of
arms to combatants in foreign wars, and
such conflicts on this question would
daily place both nations on the verge of
war. Should war come we shall cer
tainly accept it and fight as no other
nation does. I would then uncon
ditionally help our Government with
all my power and all my party.
This Government ought to have begun
long ago negotiations with a view to
obtaining the views and possible attitudes
of the Europeans nations in such a possi
ble crisis as this.
"Fortunately (he Monroe doctrine,
greatly exaggerated as it is, has as
sumed such an offensive form that
all the European nations are
now interested in refusing to
tolerate the idea of the absolute prepon
derance of the United States on the Ameri
can continent. European trade would be
sentenced to death if such a dom
ination was ailowed. Therefore it
is to be hoped that European
powers will not leave Spain isolated. They
will help Spain; if not from sympathy,
then it will be from their own interests.
"A united protest from the leading Eu
ropean nations cannot fail to im
press the American Government. In
fact, even the knowledge that
the Governments of Earor* are
in common accord upon the matter will
make the United States consider the con
sequences of its hasty resolutions.
"Sagasta."
STUDEJSTS TO BE PUXISHED.
Xot Permitted to Burn Our Flag Without
Prosecution.
MADRID, Spain, March s.— The student
who burned an American flag here yester
day afternoon nas been ordered to close a
year's studies. He will also be criminally
prosecuted.
The other students who were ar
rested for participation in the disorderly
demonstration against the United States
will be handed over to the police courts for
punishment.
BOUGHT Blc HEXRY B UTTERS.
Mexican City Street Railway Line* Se
cured by a San Franciscan.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mex., March 5.— C.
F. Meek of 807 Broadway, New York, this
afternoon purchased the Mexico City
street, railway lines, comprising about 1(30
miles, and resold the same to Henry But
ters of San Francisco. The price is under
stood to be seven and a half million dol
lars (Mexican). Butters, it is said, is
backed by London capitalists. "The lines
are to be equipped with electricity and
other improvements involving an amount
that will be equal to the purchase money.
EX CEPTI OXS O VER RULED.
Decision in the Atlantic and Pacific Lit
igation.
DENVER, Colo., March 4.— Judge Col
lier to-day handed down a decision in the
Atlantic and Pacific Railroad litigation on
the exceptions liled by various parties to a
roport of Special Master Marrol. The ex
ceptions were overruled and the master's
report confirmed in every particular. The
court also directed the solicitors for the
United States Trust Comnanv to prepare a
decree and submit it to the Federal Com
missioner. The attorney for complainant
was given ten days to prepare such decree.
WITH DYNAMITE AND LEAD
Desperate Defense Made by a
Murderer Whose House Is
Surrounded.
Hundreds of Shots Exchanged and the
Abode May Be Burned by the
Besiegers.
BELLEFONTE,Pa., March s.— At Wood
ward, a small hamlet twenty-five miles
distant, William Ellinger to-day shot and
killed John L. Barnes and Frank Geist
white, constables, who endeavored to ar
rest him on a criminal charge.
Ellinger then barricaded himself in his
house, and is holding a Sheriff's posse and
a mob of citizens at bay with a shotgun
and dynamite.
At midnipnt the besiegers numbered a
thousand. Hundreds of shots have been
exchanged. John iiusser was shot in the
neck.
Threats are being made to burn the
house, but Ellinger's children are with
him, as also is the body of Barnes. It is
believed that Mrs. Ellinprer has been shot
and mortally wounded, if not killed. She
was assisting her husband in resisting ar
rest by throwing dynamite with burning
fuses from the windows. Just as she
struck a match a number of rifle shots
rang out, and the woman was seen to
throw up her hands and fall backward.
That was the last time she appeared.
MERCHANTS NOW
CANCEL ORDERS
Spanish Dealers in Cuba
Show Their Teeth as
a Protest.
BURNED BY THE REBELS.
Towns in the Province of Pinar
del Rio Laid in Waste by
the Torch.
BATTLES WITH INSURGENTS.
•
Volunteers at Gibacoa Compelled to
Surrender the Fort to the
Patriots.
HAVANA, Cuba, March s.— All the mer
chants of Cienfuegos have agreed to cancel
the orders given to their correspondents in
the United States, as a protest against the
action of the American Congress on the
Cuban question. The merchants talked of
hol'dins a demonstration, but Captain-
General Weyler prohibited it. The Cham
ber of Commerce met here to-day to con
sider the question of taking similar action.
General Weyler advised the chamber to be
prudent.
There is talk of stopping the exportation
of tobacco in bales and to permit the ex
port of only the manufactured product.
General Weyler has placed restrictions
on the sale of petroleum, and has pro
hibited its sale in the interior towns, which
the insurgents visit.
The following towns in the province o!
Pinar del Rio have been recently burned
by the rebels: Cabanas, Babia, Honda,
San Diego de Nnnez, Santa Cruz de Los
Pinos, Palacios, Pasco .Real, San Diego de
Los Banos, San uJan y Martinez and Quie
bra Hacha.
The gunboat Line, which was carrying
rations to Jibro, on the south coast of
Camaguay, found chains across the en
trance of the harbor. The vessel was fired
upon by rebels, and she replied with her
guns.
Word has been received to the effect
that 400 mounted rebels attacked a convoy
of ammunition near Gibara, province of
Santiago. The insurgents were repulsed
with a loss of twenty-five killed. The
Spanish loss was one lieutenant killed
and seven soldiers wounded-
General Lachambre reports that troops
have reconnoitered in the zone of Jara
hueca and destroyed the huts on the farms
used by the rebels. The troops had an en
gagement with insurgents. The latter left
two dead upon the field.
The manager of the estate, Bernardo
Dnarte. and several of the workmen, were
killed during the engagement, and one
woman was found dead after the fight.
The volunteers at Gibacoa surrendered
the fort there to the rebels. The insur
gents took all their arms and then released
the men. J. Frank Clark.
WHAT WILL CLEVELAND DO?
Washington t>tate»tnen in the Hark at to
the Executive's I'htnt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— What
will the President do with the Cuban reso
lutions should they ever emerge, from the
conference committees and reach him?
The fact that it was an open secret that
the President and Secretary Olney were
disposed to proceed in a very conservative
manner in regard to Cuban recognition,
fully appreciating the many difficulties
surrounding the question, was stated in
the United Press dispatches of February ,
28 last and has since been repeated and
confirmed from other sources. It is well
understood in Congress that but for a
knowledge of this fact and a consequent
indisposition to embarrass the executive a
joint resolution instead of a concurrent
resolution would have been adopted by
both houses. It is felt by leading mem
bers of the House that the President can
be depended upon to do what is proper,
and that the action of the two houses in
passing resolutions favorable to the Cuban
insurgents gives him the' indorsement of
those bodies should he deem it proper to
issue a proclamation of belligerency.
But will he take such a step? That ques
tion was put to-day by a United Press
representative to a number of prominent
Republicans and Democrats in the House.
The Republicans claimed to have no
knowledge of the executive's intentions
and said the only person competent to
sneak, with intelligence upon the subject
was Mr. Cleveland himself. The Demo
cratic leaders were equally uncertain. In
their opinion the President will study the
situation carefully, and if he should be
satisfied from the official correspondence
that Weyler proposes to inaugurate a
reign of terror in the island, he will in
cline more strongly to accord the insur
gents belligerent rights than would other
wise be the case. It is not believed that
under any circumstances he will act upon
the matter for several weeks, should he do
so at all.
It is asserted that the opposition to the
resolutions would have been greater in the
House had not an aye and no vote been
taken. One Southern Representative of
marked prominence said to-day that the
Legislature of his State had passed a reso
lution calling upon its members in Con
gress to support any proposition expressing
sympathy with the Cubans, and that he
voted for tbe resolutions therefor because,
as he expressed it, he did not desire to fly
in the face of his constituents.
Other members recall the promptness
with which the Spanish Government ex
pressed its regrets for the outrages in Bar
celona on Sunday last, their payment of
tbe celebrated Mora claim some months
ago, the protection afforded by them to
American property interests in Cuba and
other evidences of a desire to placate the
United States, and regret that circum
stances forced them to take a position
which, in their opinion, places this Gov
ernment in the attitude of embarrassing a
friendly nation already impoverished
financially and struggling in the throes of
a civil war.
On the other hand the friends of free
Cuba are emphatic in their assertions that
Spanish rule in Cuba must be ended at
any cost.
LIFE JJV MORRO CASTLE.
Experience of a Former Portland ■ Gam
bler Who • Was Imprisoned.
PORTLAND, Or., March 5. — Frank
Westernian, formerly of this city, writes
from New York to a friend here that he
has just been released from a Spanish
prison .in Havana. He says that after
leaving Portland in 1889 he went to Mazat
lan, Mex., remaining there until [ 1892.
There he amassed a considerable sum of
money ? ran J{ '£ a gambling- house. In
1893. the v capital -of Cuba offering a great
opportunity to .sporting men, he went to
Havana, opening a gorgeous palace, in
which all manner, of games were profit
ably conducted. He . did so well that ; he
bought a half interest in a sugar planta
tion near Santiago de Cuba for $20,000.
His house became the favorite resort of
Americans, and later also for Spaniards
under military surveillance. There meet
ings were held unknown to him to further
the interest of the insurgents, and one
night in February, 1895, a file of soldiers
marched into his establishment and placed
every person in the rooms under arrest.
Westerman writes that he was confined
in a damp, vermin-infested cell in Morro
castle, and for the period of three months
after his incarceration he was not allowed,
to communicate with the outer world, and
until, then he ■ remained ignorant of the
causes of his arrest. The food given him,
he says, was unfit to be placed before a
hog; he slept on a bunk without bed cloth
ing, and the malarious atmosphere in the
prison made him deathly sick, ; but he
could get no medical attention.
' "When I was arrested ,'* adds the writer,
"I was deprived of all the valuables I had
on my person, with the exception of a val
uable diamond ring which I wore on my
little finger,' and • surreptitiously l thrust
into my mouth. 1 Early in May with that
ring 1 bribed a prison attendant who occa
sionally brought my swill food to convey
a message from me to Consul-General
Williams. Strangely enough, the fellow
proved loyal, and a month later the Con
sul was permitted to have a personal in
terview with me. I told him the truth in
connection with my case— that I was per
fectly ignorant of any revolutionary meet
ings have been held in my place, if such
were the case ; that I - was a • neutral resi
dent of the city, having no further inter
ests there than my business, and that I
had no affiliation with either ■ side of the
revolution. * Six months elapsed before the
Consul was able to procure evidence of
that nature f&r me, and not until the 20th
of January was I released.
! • ••The night of my arrest I weighed 220
pounds, ana wnen I emerged from my
living tomb I couldn't tip the scales at
more than 100." ■
The writer concludes his letter with the
statement that when he was arrested on
suspicion of aiding and abetting the revo
lutionary cause he was worth about $50,000,
all of which the Spanish Government has
confiscated. This, he says, includes his
sugar-plantation inte»sts. Notwithstand
ing that his release from prison was a tacit
admission on the part of the Government
of his non-participation in the revolution
still it refuses to make restitution.
Consul- General Williams has submitted
Westerman's claim to the State Depart
ment at Washington, and Westerman is in
New York, where he nas engaged lawyers
to press tiie matter as hard and speedily
as possible.
HEIILKKS A.RE IS DAXGER.
Signs of Ihe Collapse of a Big Hnstrvoir
ltd in.
SUN COOK, N. V., March s.—lnforma
tion from Barnstead, twenty-five miles
from Sun Cook, states that the dam at
Pleasant Valley, the outlet of the upper
Sun Cook Reservoir, which feeds the Sun
Cook River, is in imminent danger of col
lapse. The reservoir is three and a half
miles long, covering 12,000 acres," and aver
ages fifteen feet in depth. Dwellings nave
been vacated. .
Wholesale Grocer* , Assign.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., March 5.— The
wholesale grocery firm of McDonald &
Watt assigned to-day. The liabilities are
estimated at $80,000 to $100,000, with a§
sets oi $60,000 to $70,000.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HARTMAN ASSAILS
THE PRESIDENT.
Objects to the Utterances of
Grover Cleveland on
Religion.
INSULTS TO THE WEST
All Attempts to Check the Mon
tana Statesman Are
Made in Vain.
SUSTAINED BT THE CHAIRMAN
Laughter and Applause Greet the
Assertion That the White House
Needs a Missionary.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 5. -The
dry routine of debate on the question
of fixing the salary of a Federal
Marshal was interrupted to-day by a
rather violent scene precipitated by a
speech from Hartman (R. ) of Montana
resenting President Cleveland's remarks
in his Carnepie Hall missionary speech
Tuesday night, in which he spoke of "cor
rupt and unsafe States and uudesirable
Territories" in the West. Hartman de
nied the right of the President, as he said,
to insult these sections of the country and
the citizens thereof.
He had not proceeded far when he was
called to order by Powers (R. )of Vermont,
who said he did so because there was no
body on the Democratic side related to the
President by affinity or consanguinity
who seemed sufficiently interested to act.
The chairman, Hepburn (R.) of lowa,
ruled that the speaker was proceeding
within the rules, and Hartman proceeded.
Inspired by Powers, Hartman's remarks
were loudly opposed by Miles (D.) of
Maryland, and Sulzer (D.) of New York,
but they could not tear nim off. Tne for
mer appealed from another decision by
Chairman Hepburn, ruling that Hart
man's remarks were not obnoxious to
objection under tbe rule requiring debate
to be germane to the subject under dis
cussion, but all the Republicans and some
Democrats voted to sustain it, the appeal
being overwhelmingly defeated.
In the course of the incident, Grosvenor
(R.) of Ohio, who was endeavoring to get
time in which Hartman could finish his
remarks, became involved in a colloquy
with Sulzer. The latter objected to Gros
venor taking part in the affair, because in
a speech the other day he had admitted he
had no religion, and therefore Sulzer con
tended he was not qualified to discuss the
matter.
Grosveuor responded by denyine that he
bad said he had no religion, but he be
lieved he would rather stana under that
imputation than not to possess the slight
est modicum of common sense. This was
greeted with laughter on both sides.
Hartman finally concluded his remarks,
resenting, both on behalf of the maligned
and slandered States, the President's
statements and asserting that they de
monstrated that the greatest need for the
schoolmaster and missionary was in the.
White House. The Republicans gathered
about Hartman's seat while he was on his
feet and applauded him loudly, while the
Democrats encouraged Miles and Sulzer in
the efforts to prevent him from continu
ing his criticisms upon the President.
The bill making National military parks
public fields for military maneuvers and
drill grounds for the regular army and State
militia, under regulations fixed by the
Secretary of War, was passed.
The rest of the day was spent in further
discussion of the fee and salary amend
ment to the legislative, executive arid ju
dicial appropriation bill, most of the time
upon the section fixing salaries of district
Marshals. But one change was made in
the schedule proposed by the committee,
that of the Marshal of the Eastern dis
trict of Michigan, being increased from
$3000 to $4000.
Dingley (R.) of Maine offered an amend
ment reducing the general maximum com
pensation of the field deputies from $i r )00
to $1500 with authority to the Attorney-
General to pay $2500 for certain special
cases.
Milnes(R.)of Michigan proposed as a
substitute for the section fixing the
salaries of district Marshals, a provision
that all Marshals should be paid a dniform
salary of $4000, except those of the dis
tricts of Connecticut, Delaware, Southern
Georgia, Idaho, Eastern and Western
Louisiana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New
Jersey, Rhode Island and Vermont, who
should receive $2000.
Before considering the substitute the
committee discussed various amendments
to increase the salaries proposed, none of
which was successful, except in the case of
the eastern district of Michigan, where
the amount was changed from $.TOOO to
$4000.
A substitute for the section offered yes
terday by Ogden (D.) of Louisiana was
read. It makes two grades of Marshals,
"members of one to receive $3000 and the
other $4000. Ogden's substitute received
but two affirmative votes.
Milnes (R.) of Michigan urged the adop
tion of his substitute in a brief speech,
which was followed by a sensational and
entirely unexpected incident.
Hartman (R.) of Montana, getting the
floor, made a formal motion to strike out
the last words and said: "On the third
day of March, in the city of New York, in
Carnegie Hall, at a religious meeting, the
President of the United States cave utter
ance, or is reported by the public press to
have given utterance, to language which is
on the clerk's desk to have printed in the
Record, but certain portions of which I
now read and bring to the attention of the
committee:
" 'But it is not only as your fcilow-citi
zen,'(quoting the President), 'km as t'..e
chief executive officer of your Government
that I desire to speak, for I am entirely
certain that I serve well our entire people,
whose servant I am, when I here testify
to the benefit our country haa received2
through home missionary effort, and j
when I join you in an attempt to extend j
and strengthen that effort. * * * It must !
also be confessed that removal from old j
homes r.nd associations to a new and more
primitive home h.is a tendency among hon- j
est and respectable settlers to smother sent- •
pies and indifference* and to breed tolera- I
iion of evils to christianizing and elevating
agencies. These conditions, if unchecked
and uncorrected, fix upon the new com- \
munitv by their growth and expansion a !
character and disposition which, while
dangerous to peace and order in the early ;
sta/res of settlement, develop into badly j
regulated municipalities, corrupt and un- j
safe Territories and undesirable States.'
"Mr. Chairman, whatever may be my
individual opinion of ths President of the
United States matters not and it would
not be proper for me to state it here. For
the high office of President I have a su
preme regard. The legitimate function
of that officer is limited in our constitu- ■
tion and law?. Under the constitution and j
laws 1 deny the right of the Chief Execu
tive to wantonly, in public address or ;
otherwise, insult any of the citizens of any i
State of the Republic over whom he has !
been called to preside. He has been ad- j
vised that a majority of the citizens of
certain Territories were antagonistic to his
peculiar financial and economic views,
and under the cloak of a supposed relig
ious address, before a religious organiza
tion and with gross impropriety, and for
the purpose of preventing the right of
Statehood to which they aspire and are
entitled, gave utterance, as Chief Execu
tive, to this unfounded slander against
those citizens and States of the Republic
whose interests he is sworn to protect and
uphold.
'The percentage of crime in these States
Territories," continued Hartman,
"will not exceed that found in the State of j
New York, where tne President seems to j
think all virtue resides.
"Mr. Chairman," said Hartman, "on j
behaif of the citizens of the States and
Territories thus slandered and maligned
by tne Chief Executive, I here and now
repel the insult and respectfully suggest
that the greatest need in this country for
the work or the missionary, the school
master and the statesman will be found at
the White House." [Laughter and ap
plause.]
Hartraan, however, was not permitted
to conclude without interruption. He had
spoken but two or three minutes when !
Powers (R.) of Vermont, in a halting, in
quiring fashion, looking toward the Dem
ocratic side, rose to a point of order, say- I
ing: "If there is nobody on this floor;
that is related to the President by ties of
affinity or consanguinity, social or po
litical — "
Hartman (impatiently)— Mr. Chairman,
I want the point of order stated. I don't
propose that my time shall be consumed
in this way.
Powers— The point of order, Mr. Chair
man, is that it is not permissible here to
reflect upon a co-orainate branch of the
Government. The President is a co-ordi
nate branch of this Government and I
think the language of the gentleman from
Montana is not only
Hartman — I am not reflecting upon the
President, Mr. Chairman; I am reflecting
upon the sentiments which the President
utters, and I have a right, to do that.
Powers— l want a ruling on the point of
order, Mr. Chairman.
The Chairman — The chair does not feel i
that he is called upon to rule on that
point; that is to say that the remarks of
the gentleman from Montana come within
the rule. [Applause.]
Powers— l do not propose, however, to
be classed as an administration man.
[Laughter.]
Miles (D.) of Maryland— Mr. Chairman,
I make the point that the remarks of the
gentlemin from Montana are not relevant
to the matter pending before this commit
tee and I call for the reading of the rule
on that subject.
The chairman — The chair will state to
the gentleman from Maryland that in the
live minutes' debate tue largest liberty is
accorded to gentlemen to discuss questions
and they are not held rigidly to the rule
which he invokes.
There was much confusion at this point,
Republicans crowding about Hartmanand
some of the Democrats sustaining Miles,
who appealed from the decision of the
chair.
The question being taken the decision of
the chair was sustained.
The chairman — The gentleman from
Montana will proceed. [Laughter.]
Before Hartman had finished, the rive
minutes allowed by the rules had expired,
but he was continuing, nevertheless, when
the chairman rapped him to order and an
other scene, or rather continuation of the
previous one of confusion and disorder,
ensued.
Hartman — I ask unanimous consent for
one minute moro.
Several members objected.
The chairman— Does the gentleman from
Montana withdraw his formal amend
ment?
Hartman — I do.
Gfosvc-nor (R.)of Ohio — I move to strike
out the last two words, Mr. Chairman.
Sulzer— l object, as there is another
amendment pending.
The chairman— The other amendment
has bpen withdrawn.
Richardsou (D.)of Tennessee— The gen
tleman cannot withdraw it without unani
mous consent.
Sulzer— Can a gentleman withdraw an
amendment with unanimous consent? 1
object.
The chairman— To what does the gen
tleman object?
Sulzer— l object to the gentleman pro
ceeding. He is out of order.
Grosvenor— He is not going to proceed
out of order, I can assure the gentleman.
[Laughter.]
The chairman— The chair has said that
debate is in order.
Grosvenor — I think, eir, that mv friend
from Montana (Hartman) overlooks one
very important fact. When we get on our
feet in a deep religious frame of mind
[laughter] and it is a new field — when we
are plowing in virgin soil, aa it
were [Laughter.]
Sulzer— l raise the point of order that
the gentleman is out of order, because the
other day on this floor he said that he had
no religion. [Laughter.] Having no re
lipion himself, I submit that he is incom
petent to discuss the question of the re
ligion of any otner man.
Grosvenor— l never eaid that I had not
any religion; but I would rather be with
out a very large modicum of religion than
without tLe slightest intimation of com
mon-sense. [Laughter.]
Sulzer— l am sorry fcr a gentleman who
has neither.
Grosvenor — It is always unfortunate
when a gentleman is possessed of
such a knowledge of his own fail
ures that he constantly advertises
them to the public. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have been diverted
from the serious argument that I was
about to present, [laughter] and I yield
the balance of my time to the gentleman
irom Montana.
Erdmann (D.)of Pennsylvania— l object
to the gentleman from Ohio pledging his
lime.
Richardson (D.) of Tennessee— l believe
! it has never been don© under the five
i minute debate.
The chairman— The chair thinks it is
: often done. The chair recognizes the
; right of the gentleman from Ohio to yield.
Hartman concluded and soon after the
: consideration of the salary sections of the
! amendment was ended. Several efforts
' were made, however, to change the pro
■ vision fixing the compensation of special
I field Deputy Marshals at a per diem for
! the time employed to a salary definite in
! amount, but they were unsuccessful.
Ding ley (R.) of Maine proposed an
I amendment reducing the maximum com
! penaation to be allowed these field Deputy
Marshals from $2500 to $1500, except in
certain special cases, where it may be
'■ $2500, but shall not in any event exceed
three-fourths of the fees received. This
was agreed to after some debate over the
opposition of members of the Judiciary
Committee.
The committee, without having com
pleted the bill, arose.
Cameron (R.) of Illinois presented from
the Committee on Appropriations a bili
appropriating $9(5,000 to reconstruct the
bridge over the Mississippi Kiver at Rock
Island. 111., and it was passed.
The House at 5:20 o'clock adjourned
until to-morrow.
CARDINAL SATOLLI AT DENVER.
Will Investigate the Controversy Between
Bishop Matz, Priests and Members
cf the Church.
DENVER,! Colo., March 5. — Cardinal
Satolli visited parish schools, hospitals and
colleges and received calls and petitions
all day.and every moment from early mass
until a late hour this evening was
busily employed. The most important
petition was presented by a delegation of
wealthy churchmen calling the attention
of the Cardinal to the troubles arising out
of the years of controversy between Bishop
Matz, his priests and members of the
church in Denver. The oarochial schools,
the complaints of the priests and the de
plorable financial chaos of the diocese
were all reviewed, and the Cardinal was
asked to make a decision that would effect
ually end all these difficulties. Cardinal
Satolli said that he would be in Washing
ton on the 1-th inst., when he would lose
no time in examining fully the Denver
situation. He departs to-morrow for
Kansas City.
FOUND DYING IN A LOT.
Miss Mamie E. Sullivan, a Music Teacher,
Dealt a Deadly Blow on the
Head.
PATERSON, N. J., March 5. — Miss
Mamie E. Sullivan, aged 30 years, a music
teacher, was found dying in a vacant lot
at the corner of Park avenue and East
Eighteenth street at 9:30 o'clock last night.
She was taken to the general hospital
and died at 2:30 o'clock this morning.
Death resulted from a blow over the right
ear. While the physicians were tracing
the extent of the injury Miss Sullivan said
piteously, 'For God's sake, let me up."
County Physician Johnson says the assault
was not committed for robbery.
AFT£B JKIGHTEKS lEAKs.
Her. Joainh fish Will at Last Be Paid
for Ht* Services.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, March 5.—
After fighting for eighteen years Rev. Jo
siah Fisk, an old and almost impoverished
litigant, has won a settlement of judg
ments against the city of New Orleans for
services during the reconstruction period.
He was virtually a law partner of Presi
dent Lincoln, and President Grant in 1868
appointed him a district attorney in New
Orleans. His efforts at that exciting period
to investigate and punish all outrages
brought down on him the wrath of the
Ku Klux and he was forced to flee for his
life.
FIRE IN A BIG BUILDING
A Six-story Structure in New
York May Be Totally
Destroyed.
Manufacturers Suffer Seriously, and
Their Loss Will Be Some
thing Enormous.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 6-2:30 a. m.
Shortly before 2 o'clock this morning a
fire was discovered in the six-story brick
building, 3, 5 and 7 Laight street, rnn
ning through to York street. The first
floor and basement are occupied by the
Garvin Machine Company aud tne Radam
Microbe-killer Company. The upper floors
are tenanted by Bernard, Ulman &, Co.,
manufacturers of notions. At this hour
five alarms have been turned in, and the
building is a mass of flames. It is proba
bly a total loss. Rough estimates place
the damage at $700,000.
SOUTH HOLLAND'S ZOBS.
Destruction of the Town of Asperon by
lire.
AMSTERDAM, Holland, March 5.— A
conflagration started last night in the
small town of Asperon, South Holland. A
strong wind was blowing which aided
greatly in the spread of the flames and
rendered fruitless the efforts to extinguish
the fire. The greater part of the town has
been destroyed and it is probable that the
fire will not be extinguished until the
whole place is destroyed. A large num
ber of cattle have been burned to death.
So far as known at present no human be
ings have Jost their lives.
FIRE AT S\ELLIS6.
Hardware- Store and Barber- Mhop de
stroyed, Loss $6000.
SPELLING, Cal., March s.— The hard
ware-store of H. H. Herron, together with
an adjoining barbershop, was destroyed
by fire last night. The excellent work of
the fire brigade prevented the destruction
of the greater portion of the town, which
was at one time seriously threatened. The
total loss will amount to $6000, with 50 per
cent insurance. The origin of the blaze is
unknown.
Business Houses Burned.
DALLAS, Tex., March s.— The business
portion of the town of Kinne^ w^as visited
by a disastrous conflagration this morning,
which did damage amounting to about
$250,000. The Jesse Bhain bloex was '.orally
destroyed. The block was occurupd by the
Kentucky Store, Lewis & Ditto's grocery,
Targent's bookstore and several smaller
concerns.
fraud and Mismanagement.
CHICAGO. 111., March 5.-In the Cir
cuit Court this morning Orrin F. Plabe
filed a petition for the appointment ot a
receiver for the Crowned King Mining
Company, which owns property in the
Bradshaw Basin, in Yavapai County, esti
mated to be worth from $750,000 to
$1,000,000. The complaint alleges mis
management and fraudulent transactions
involving the misappropriation of more
than $300,000, which should have gone as
dividends to the stockholders.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
WOULD RISK WAR
WITH SPAIN
Chandler Favors Prompt
Recognition of the
Cubans. .
ACTION IS NOT TAKEN
Report Made Recommending That
the Senate Agree With
the House.
MORE DELIBERATION URGED.
Hawley Says the Nation Is in No
Condition to Enter a Conflict
With Europeans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— ln
the Senate to-day the conference report on
the Cuban resolutions was presented by
Sherman (R.) of Ohio, chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, the re
port being that the Senate recede from its
disagreement to the House resolutions and
agree to them as a substitute for its own
resolutions. The report was made a
special order for Monday next at 2 o'clock.
The fall text of the concurrent resolution
is as follows:
Resolved, By the Senate, the House of Repre
sentatives concurring therein, that in the
opinion of Congress a state oi public war exists
in Cuba, the parties to which are entitled to
belligerent rights, aud the t'nited States
should observe a strict neutrality between tht>
belligerents.
Resolved, That Congress deplores the destruc
tion of life and property caused by the war
now waging in that island, and believing that
the only permanent solution of the contest,
equally in the interests of Spain, the people of
Cuba and other nations, would be in the estab
lishment of a government by the choice of the
people of Cuba, it is the sense of Congress that
the Government of the United S(ates should
use its good offices and friendly influenco to
that end.
Resolved, That the United States has not in
tervened in the struggles between any Ku
ropean Governments and their colonies on this
continent, but from the very close relations
between the people of the United States and
those of Cuba, in consequence of its proximity
and the extent ot commerce between the two
peoples, the present war ia entailing such
losses upon the people of the United States
that Coneress is of the opinion that the Gov
ernment m «he United States should be pre
pared to protect the legitimate interests of our
citizens by intervention, if necessary.
In a bri&f discussion that took place
while the report was before the Senate,
Chandler (R.)of New Hampshire said that
in his judgment the resolutions were not
sirong enough, and that he was in favor
of action for the recognition and mainte
nance by the United States of the inde
dependence of Cuba "at the risk of war
with Spain."
Hawley (R.) of Connecticut, who had
voted for the Senate resolutions, intimated
that there were considerations which
should make Senators stop and think be
fore voting. Tne United States, he said,
had exposed itself to unfriendly criticisms
in Europe and it wa3 within the bounds of
possibility that this country would find
itself involved in war, not with one nation,
but with more than one. He ridiculed the
talk about an American army of five or
ten millions, and asked what those men
would do without coast defenses. Would
they march down to the sandy beach of
New Jersey and offer themselves as food
for the enemy's cannon? They could do
nothing else.
During the morning business Allen
(Pop.) of Nebraska introduced a joint
resolution authorizing the President of
the United States to issue a proclamation
recognizing the political independence of
Cuba and asked unanimous consent to
submit some observations at this time.
"Let it uo over," Hale (R.) of Maine in
terposed.
The Vice-President asked whether there
was any objection to Allen's request.
Hale did not object, but hoped that the
Senator from Nebraska would not ask
unanimous consent unless there was some
distinctively good reason why he should
submit remarks at this time.
Allen warned Hale that if he objected
there would be no unanimous conFent for
anything Hale brought in this session.
A spirited colloquy, participated in by
Allen, Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire
and Hale, followed.
"1 could have delivered my speech in
two minutes," Allen finally remarked,
with an air of disgust. "I now withdraw
my request for unanimous consent."
Sherman (R.) of Ohio, chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, present
ed the conference report on the Cuban
concurrent resolutions. The report is that
"the Senate recede from its disagreement
to the amendment of the House, and agree
to the same."
Hale (R.) of Maine inquired whether it
was Sherman's purpose to have immediate
action on the report.
Sherman disclaimed any desire to force
the report through to-day if Senators de
sired to debate it.- He had no objection to
the report going over, and he suggested
that it be made the special order for 2
o'clock on Monday next.
After further debate by Call (D.) of
Florida and Hawley (R.) of Connecticut
Sherman's proposition was agreed to, and
the conference report was made the special
order for 2 o'clock on Monday next.
During the proceedings in the House
early in the day the Senate's request for a
conference on the Cuban resolutions was
agreed to, and Speaker Reed announced
Hitt, Adams and McCreary as managers
on the part of the House.
ROUTINE OF THE SEA' ATE.
Poatponement of the Seating of JDupont
of Maryland.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 5.-In
the Senate to-day Mitchell of Oregon,
chairman of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections, continued and finished the
argument begun by him yesterday in sup
port of the committee's report declaring
Henry A. Dupont elected Senator of the
United States from the State of Delaware.
The matter went over till Monday next,
when Turpie (D.) of Indiana, representing
the minority of the committee, is to-pre
sent an argument on the opposite side of
the question. __
Allen's resolution declaring that United
States bonds and legal tender notes are re
deemable in gold and silver coin went
over until such time as he may desire
action upon it.
Hansbrough(R.)of North Dakota, ere- j
ating an art commission of the United
States was taken up, but objection was
made and the bill went over without final
action.
The Senate then proceeded to the pas
sage of unobjected biih on the calendar,
and passed about twenty-five of them.
Among the bills passed was Senate bill
to pay $43,858 to the heirs of the late John
Roach, for labor and material on the
United States gunboat Dolphin.
Also House bill to incorporate the Su
preme Council of the Thirty-third degree
of Scottish rite Masonry for the southern
jurisdiction of the United States.
After a snort executive session the Sen
ate at 4:35 adjourned until Monday next.
OF" XHTMMKBT TO THE COAST.
Petitions for Improvement of the San
Jom/uin Jiiver.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.—Rep
resentative Johnson to-day presented to
the House ten petitions from citizens of
San Joaquin County praying for appro
priations for improvement of the San
Joaquin River.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Nolton, Siskiyou County', Cal., and Jonn
C. Wood was appointed postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Wilton Brown Fin
ley, Kernville; Arthur Dowdell, San
Francisco; Calvin Hough, Los Angeles.
Mexican War survivor, increase — William
C. Reed. Bakersneld. Mexican War sur
vivor— Aaron Hood, Portersville.
Oregon: Original— Seymour A. Hosford,
Vernonia; increase, John B. Salsman,
Elmira.
Washington: Increase— John Cushing,
St-attle. Reissue— Elisha W. Elliott.Waila
Walla.
Miss R. A. Smith was to-day appointed
postmistress at Mountain View, Santa
Clara County, Cal., vice D. J. Murphy, re
signed.
The Senate to-day passed Perkins' bill
for a lighthouse and fo^-signal at Point
Arguello, Cal.
Senator White to-day introduced a bill
making Santa Barbara a sub-port of entry.
Representative Maguire made an attempt
to have the salary of the United States
Marshal for the Northern District of Cali
fornia increased from $1000 to $5000, but
after debate the amendment was voted
down.
D&AIXAGE OF TUE VALZEF.
Captain Gillette on Xavigttiion Along the
Sacramento Hirer.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— The
Secretary of War submitted to the House
in response to a resolution a letter from
Chief Engineer Craighill transmitting the
report of Captain C. E. Gillette on the sur
vey made of the Steamboat channel, and
from the junction thereof with the Sacra
mento River to the mouth. The river and
harbor act of 1894 provides for this pre
liminary examination with a view to the
improvement and enlargement of the
navigable channel and to increase the
capacity for flood discharge.
Captain Gillette considers that as far as
navigation is concerned Steamboat Slougn
is not worthy of improvement by the
United States, which opinion is concurred
in by the division engineer, Colonel Suter,
and by the chief of engineers.
Respecting the incapacity for flood dis
charge, Captain Gillette gives a resume of
the existing conditions and of the compli
cation connected with ttie problem which
involves the entire drainage of the Sacra
mento River Valley, and he states that the
problem is one that concerns the United
States, in that a solution adopted for drain
ace might be injurious to navigation, or
that works for navigation might be inju
rious to drainage, or the questions might
t>e solved separately at a cost greatly iv
excess of the amount required.
He considers, therefore, that further ex
aminations and surveys ana accumulation
of information will be necessary, and is of
the opinion that these investigations will
cost |8000.
I*ROF£SSOh RISrXG KAMEit.
May Be One of rAe Delegates to the
Chemistry Congren*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 5.—
Through the efforts of Senator Perkins
I H. W. Wiley, chief of the division of
! chemistry, Department of Agriculture,
| has laid before the Assistant Secretary of
Agriculture a proposition to have inserted
i in the agricultural appropriation bill $1500
j for the purpose of paying the expenses of
two delegates, one to be appointed by the
President, to attend the International
Congress of Applied Chemistry to be held
iv Paris next August. He has requested
the Assistant Secretary to urge that the
' appropriation be made. The name of Pro
• lessor Rising of the University of Caii
; fornia has been mentioned in connection
j with one of these appointments.
COAFIIUtED by THE sexate.
Among the Saval Promotions la That of
Caminoiiore Selfridge.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— The
Senate in executive session to-day con
firmed the following nominations:
Samuel Comfort of New York to be
Consul of the United States at Bombay,
India.
Arthur P. Greely of Now Hampshire,
examiner-in-chief in the patent office.
Also various promotions in the navy,
including those of Commodore T. O. Self
ridge, to be rear-admiral; Lieutenant-
Commander G. A. Bicicnell, to be com
mander; Passed Assistant Engineers J.
Edward Stacy Potts and H. T. Cleaver, to
be chief engineers, and Medical Inspector
T. H. Penrose to be medical director.
Grays Harbor Improvement.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.—Doo
little (R.) of Washington introduced to
day in the House a bill authorizing the
continuance of the work on the improve
ments of Grays Harbor, Wash., at an ex
pense not to exceed $500,000.
THE VALUE OF SIGHT
A Millionaire's Offer to the Man
Who Can Cause the
Blind to See.
Will Give $1,000,000 to Anyone Who
Restores to Him the Use of
His Eyes.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 5.— "1 will
give $1,000,000 to any man who will re
store to me my eyesight. I will walk out
of the store and hand him the keys."
So said Charles Broadway Rouss, a
multi-millionaire, in the office of bis ten
story granite building at 551 Broadway to
day.
Mr. Rouss' eyes had been failing for
some time, and day by day it was with
greater difficulty that he could distinguish
objects. To-day he declared they had al
most totally failed him.
"The only thing visible to me," he said,
"are the huge pillars. I can just discern
the hazy outlines of two," pointing to the
supports immediately before him. "I am
in.total darkness, yet, as I still see a light
mist. But my doctors say that in a short
time all will be night."
He is paying -the" penalty of twenty
years of overwork. Mr. Rouss, whose for
tune is roughly estimated at $10,000,000, is
now 60 years old. He was born in Woods
boro, Frederick County, Md,, fought under
"Stonewall Jackson, and after the war
came to New York penniless. A goodly
portion of the fortune he amassed has
been spent in benefactions.
PROTECTED BY
THE RUSSIANS.
European Hands and Brains
Engineered the Korean
Coup d'Etat.
THE KING IN THE PLOT.
With the Crown Prince He
Entered the Legation and
Issued Decrees.
TWO MINISTERS ASSASSINATED
These Peculiar Acts of Murder and
Diplomacy to Cause Trouble
for Japan.
TOKIO, Japan, Feb. 18.— The coup detat
in the Korean capital on the 11th of Febru
ary was the most carefully planned and
thorough affair of the kina that has taken
piace in tnat peculiarly restless country
for many years. It. is impossible to sup
pose that its direction was Korean.
European bands and European brains
must have played a chief part. There is
no longer any doubt that the first act of
the drama was the provincial emeute of
January. Diligently represented as a mere
popular outbreak, due to the people's un
willingness to obey the Government's hair
cutting edict, the uprisings thioughout the
country are now seen to have been planned
for the purpose of drawing the troops
away from the capital, and thus leaving
the coast clear for the conspirators. So
quietly and craftily were all the prepara
tions made that not the smallest indica
tion of what was in progress reached the
Cabinet Ministers or the Japanese lega
tion.
Broadly speaking, it was an anti-pro
gressive coup, having for its leader Kirn
JPyong-si, the head of the Conservative
party. The King was easily persuaded to
associate himself with the affair, on the
ground that full vengeance would De
wreaked on every one connected with the
murder of the Queen. The Russian Charge
d'Affaires also must have been fully cog
nizant of the conspiracy, and must have
promised -to further it by protecting the
King.
During the night of February 10 a de
tachment of 112 Russian marines, carrying
with them a field piece, entered Seoul.
The}- had marched up from Chemulpo,
having landed from two Russian men-of
war dispatched there a week previously.
There was no ostensible reason for the
coming of these soldiers. Everything, so
far as could be seen, was perfectly tranquil
in Seoul. But within a few hours of their
arrival at the legation the conspiracy
culminated.
The King and the Crown Prince pro
ceeded to the Russian legation. Secure in
that asylum, now strongly guarded, his
Majesty issued a proclamation declaring
that the country being perpetually dis
turbed by treacherous rebels, nothing re
mained but to seek the protection of the
foreign representatives. He also directed
that seven prominent statesmen, leaders
of the Party of Progress, be decapitated
and their heads exposed. Meanwhile,
orders had been secretly issued for tbe ar
rest and assassination of the Minister
President, the Minister of Agriculture, the
Minister of Home Affairs and the Minister
of War.
The first two, suspecting nothing, were
seized without difficulty and decapitated
immediately in front of the police head
quarters,whence their bodies were dragged
through the streets and finally burned out
side the city. The Minister of Home
Affairs and the Minister of War seem to
have effected their escape, but nothing is
known as to their whereabouts. A new
Cabinet was formed, the King issuing his
mandates from the Russian legation, the
compound of wnich was guarded, within
by Russian marines, without by Korean
troops. As for the every-day life of the
city, it suffered no disturbance. Only the
leading politicians ot the kingdom were in
volved.
Of the seven men whose decapitation
was ordered by the King, two were already
in Japan. How it fared with the rest re
mains to be discovered. Most significant
was the action taken with respect to the
provincial insurgents. The troopa dis
patched against them by the former Cabi
net were immediately recalled; proclama
tion was made that the people's true rea
son for revolt had been to avenge the mur
der of the Queen, and a general amnesty
was announced. Thus, within a few
hours, every adherent of the party of
progress, that is to say, the pro-Japanese
party, was driven from ollice, and the ad
ministration was placed in the hands of a
Cabinet headed by Kirn Pyong-si, the
leader of the conservatives, and composed
exclusively of anti-progre3sive, pro-Rus
sian politicians, the seat of Government
being transferred from the palace to trie
Russian legation. Strange to say, not one
of the proscribed politicians sought asylum
in the Japanese legation or consulates.
Neither was the coup d'etat accompanied
by rioting or anti- foreign demonstrations;
Russian co-operation averted anything of
that Kind.
The news of these events caused much
excitement in Japan. Unfortunately direct
telegraphic communication between Seoul
and Tokio was interrupted at the time.
The line runs overland from Seoul to
Fusan, and thence by cable to Japan.
Whenever an insurrection occurs in the
southern districts of Korea one of the first
acts of the rioters is to cut the telegraph.
They had done so several days before the
coup d'etat of the 11th of February.
Hence the only mean 9of communica
tion was by telegraphing first to Chemul
po, and then effecting a junction with
Fusan, 400 miles distant, by steamer. But
as one steamer only happened to be avail
able at Chemulpo her departure with the
first batch of telegrams created a break of
several days in the chain of communica
tions.
The House of Representatives in Tokio
had desisted from its daily sessions until
the 17th of February, being engaged in
committee work solely. But when the
opposition learned what had happened in
Seoul, they thought that they saw a chance
of striking a fatal blow at the Cabinet. It
is true that no accurate details of the
Korean coup d'etat were yet to hand, but
that did not seem to signify much. The
House met on the 15th of February, and
at once the opposition, by way of prelim
inary to introducing a resolution of want
of confidence, began to address questions
to the Government, accompanying them
by speeches of a moat uncompromising
nature. Their chief contention was that
whereas the war with China had been
undertaken for the explicit purpose of
securing Korean independence, as definite
ly announced by the Mikado'l NWript,
Korea did not now enjoy any semblance
of independence, her Kinjr and Crown
Prince Mtogj lodgti in the Russian lega
tion under the miard of Ru.-.-iau soldiers,
and her Cabinet gf!t»ttttfl holding their
conferences under the shadow of the Rus
sian flag.
It was plain that II the debate continued
ana if the resolution of want of confidence
were introduced, the laiitfuaf;eof the oppo
sition politicians might very gravely com
promise the empire's foreign relations.
Accordingly, just as one of the most de
nunciatory orators was approachiug the
peroration of his speech, an, imperial re
script was handed to the President, sus
pending the Diet's session for ten dayt.
By the expiration of that period calmer
counsels will probably have prevailed,
and, at all events, full information will be
available.
STUCK FAST /V THE MUD.
The Colombian Cruiser Cordon* Meet*
With • Vis imp.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 5.— A special
to the tribune from Perth Am boy, N< J.,
says :
While returning from a trial trip outside
of Sandy Hook this evening, the new
Colombian cruiser Cordova, which has
just been fitted out at Ramsay's ship
yard, ran aground in Princess Bay, off
the Mount Loretta Mission. Besides the
crew there were forty guests on board.
The vessels lifeboats were lowered and
the guests landed at the Mount Loretta
wharf. The Cordova is only two or three
feet in the imid, and it is believed that she
will float easiiy at biah tide. It i 3 ex
pected that she will sail for Colon on Sat
urday.
GAVE ARMS TO T7ITLAyi>ERS.
That I» the Charge Vnon Which an
American Is Held.
LONDON. Eng., March 5.— A dispatch
from Kimberly says that Gardner Wil
liams, an American, manager of the De
Beers mines, was arrested there to-day at
the instance of the Government of Cape
Colony on the charge of having supplied
arms to the Uitlanders of the Rand, to be
used in their threatened revolt against the
Government of the Transvaal. It ia said
that Williams supplied arms to Johannes
burg in trucks, the weapons being placed
in the bottom of the trucks and then cov
ered with coke.
AFFAIRS I.V HAWAII.
The Opium lAcense Bill Will Be Defeated
in the Senate.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Feb. 28.— 1t is
now considered certain that the opium
license biil will be defeated in the Senate,
where it originated.
The new sugar crop is now coming in at
the rate of 180,000 bags a week. Several
ships have loaded sugar for New York via
Cape Horn.
riynicTirE\ESs is charged.
Comment of the •• l.irhtinrj World" on
Dunrnren's Expulsion.
LONDON, Enc;., March s.— ln Us current
issue the Yachting World accused the
New York Yacht Club of having shown
viniJictiveness in the expulsion from mem
bership in the organization of Lord Dun
raven when it was well aware that his
Lordship had written and mailed to the
club his resignation.
The Yachting World expects, it says,
that the yacht societies of Great .Britain
will express their opinion of the action of
the New York club in no minced lan
guage, and insists that the Royal Yacht
Squadron, as backers of Lord Dunraven's
challenge for the America's cup, are
bound to take action in the matter. The
Royal Yacht Squadron, the paper declares,
cannot afford to have its leading member
dealt with in such a manner without in
dorsing his expulsion or loudly protesting
against it.
Trouble on th*i Isthmus.
COLON, Colombia, March 5. — The
steamer Foxhall has taken a detachment
of troops to Bocas del Toro, State of Pan
ama. Trouble ia feared there. A quantity
of cargo destined for Corinto, Nicaragua, is
detained on the isthmus in consequence oi
the state of siege at Corinto.
for- Was Presented.
LONDON, En-g., March s.— The Prince
of Wales held tbe first levee of the season
a t St. James Palace this afternoon. All
the foreign diplomats and the whole of
United States Embassador Bayard's staff
were present. Edward Marshall Fox of
California was the only American pre
sented.
Itenlth of the Pope.
ROME, Italy, March s.— Adverse ru
mors were in circulation here to-day re
garding the health of the Pope. Inquiries
made at the Vatican elicited the informa
tion tnat the reports were unfounded.
Oare Birth to a Ittiughter. ■
BERLIN, Germany. March s.— Countess
Bismarck, wife of Count Herbert Bis
marck. hES given birth to a daughter.
Prince Bismarck is keenly disappointed
becanse the infant is not a boy.
Nourishing food; take Hood's Sarsaparilla to
Rive you good appetite.purify your blood.steady
your nerves and you will have perfect health.
Dyspeptics and nervous sufferers . find cure in
*d X
;Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists. $1.
Hood's Pills are the~orTiy~pmBlo~take
" UUU a rills> with Hood's aarsaparilla
® SMITHS PAY THE FREIGHT ®'|
(2* 100 miles in March. Send for Map, (Ml
'Sf Catalogue and particulars to •
'g Smiths' Cash Store, ■ ®
(Jj 41 4, 41 6,-41 8 FRONT St., S.F. . (&
D D 1 1 C U C FOB BARBER^ BAR-
ESlllJolitN?"' bootblack*, bath-
H, ■ •!* V■■ 6 W house*, billiard - U We*
; onwna, * beokblnden, v c»ndy.makers, canncra,
Awn, flonnnllii, ; foundries Uundries. papw
£?"*•?* : prlnM>», p*int«r 8 , shoe tactorte* atabl*
: ■ten. ts^xoofWm, unaua, tailora, etc
M«. v»r BUCHANAN BROS.,
■fW" M»nuf act urern. 009 SacramcntoSfc
I£^o*§ MANHOOD REttnEDSS
hP <efftsF M ,i'Cf >£& tlon of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all nor-
-11 v-%^ V 1 W^i V\ vous or diseases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
vL -*CtAl *\i ■ l^«Ju : Insomnlk,Palbs In the Back, Seminal .Emissions Nervous Debility,
1 JKM nf Wv Pimples, Unfitnsss to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
>; \/» ■• -W'-r: V . T-y. Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. - Prevents quick.
'-'■.?\ >MSm S ■' ' '■■ > w^ T «y -•' ness ol discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
Rrrnnr .y i% icrrp all the horrors of Impotency. CtPIDESE cleanses the liver, tUf
BEFORE «NO*rTEH. k | (lne ysand the urinary organs of i ui m p Urit i ea> .
L CITPIDBNE strengthens and restores small weak organs, ,- . ■
- The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
ProaCatltla. CUPIDENE Is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
< als. t A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent euro,
|UX> a box, six, for ( 00, by mall. Send for fbke circular and testimonials. . *
Address D AVOI» MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
. : BROOKS' PHAHMACY, 119 Powell street
QUITE A
DIFFERENCE.
At "Dewy Eve/ as Well as "In
the Morning."
I
Gin Czsc That Shows It— The Eip ; i-
encs of Mr. ML
mHERE AXE-UNHAPPILY, TERHAPS-A
large number of the "sons of men" who
vitv larite numfx r <>i Ik* **«SJB *>1 niri • >
know what the trite phrase "What a difference in
[ the morning" means by bard experience. Usually
: It refers to a 100 free Indulgence in the kind of
' beverages which produce that condition which has
! been so aptly described by "the Irishman" as be-
j lag "under the sweet Influence," and the great
army temperance workers scarcely seems to
! have reduced the army of '-moderate drinkers"
; to any extent.
Whether alcoholic liquors should be abandoned
entirely except us medicines is still a debatable
as well as a much-debated question, and all the
talk has resulted so far in leaving the average man
(he with a normal mmd i no farther ahead then he
\ was before. The more bitter partisans o* the
totul-abstiiience party attribute all the troubles
that we poor mortals sutler to "the demon rum,"
but it la fairly well established that this is goiug
much too lar. Take the experience of Mr. K. C.
Taft, for instance. This gentleman lives in Stowe,
Cal., and, although he has novcr been a hard
drinker or a licentious man, yet he came very,
very near to passing to that "bourne from which
no man returneth." Ho had the good fortune to
be treated by the noted specialists of the grand old
Hudson Medical Institute; and, although they saw
that his case was .serious enough, probably lie will
never know in what grvat danger he was. But Mr.
Taft is on his feet again, and while he does not
know of all that danger he is still conscious that
they did him an immense amount of good. Be
has written the following letter, 'vhich Is celt-
ex planalory:
. stowe, Cal., August 20, 1895.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.— Gentlemen: I am feeling tine, without
assign of the disease; now. Last week I waj work-
ing nard and drank a good deal of water. Then
afterward I felt a coldness, but ■ after I had rested
and had cooled up that would leave me. Ou!aiti«
of that 1 feel as young as I ever !ic*. and it is all
through the skill cf the specialists of the Hudson
Medical Institute. I can . never say enough in
praise for what they have done for me. I received
your circulars and will hand them around to
triends and surferers. : Yours very truly.
K. C. TAFT.
It Is gratifying to the specialists to see their
efforts warmly appreciated, and when they receive
hundreds of letters of this sort every week it is no .
wonder that they are impelled to do more and
more for all poor sufferers.
George U. Bent of Rochester, Cal., writes: "From
the way I am feeling now I aon't think I will need
to take any more medicine than what I have now."
Frank Minturn of St. Louis, Mo.: "I have not
felt so well in five years as I do now."
Robert Asburst Jr.: '-.My brain i 3 clearer and
my intellect brighter, and I would not take $500
to relapse into the state I was in before commenc-
ing treatment."
'1 hese are just a few excerpts from the thousands
upon thousands that are filed away in the archives
of the great Hudson Medical Institute, and' were
any further proof necessary than the splendid rep-
utation that the grand specialists there already are
known to have these freely given expressions of
thanks would be enough to convince any mortal
j that when relief is desired by | any .'suffering one
the Hudson is by far the safest and best place to
go to, for there RELIEF IS PROMPT AND CER-
TAIN. ■ - " .
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder; all
bronchial diseases; all functional nervous dis-
eases: St. Vitus' ounce; hysteria: snaking palsy;
epilepsy; all kinds of o'.ooi troubles; ulcers; waste*
of vital forces;, rneu ma tism: trout: eczema: all
I skin diseases, from whatever cause arising; psoria-
i sis; all blood-poisoning; varicoceie: poison oak;
1 spinal trouble; nervous exhaus' ion and prostra-
tion; incipient paresis; all kidney diseases; lun>
• baeo; sciatica; dyspepsia; Indigestion: const
tion; all visceral disorders, which arc treated
by the depurating department.
Circulars and Testimonials of the
Great iiudyan sent. Free..,..
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and £lli« Sts.
. Send for "A Knowledgeof Kidneys." FREE.
Write for a "Book on the Liver." FREE. '
HALE&
NORGROSS
STOCKHOLDERS WHO ARE TIRED OF OF-
ticial extravagance and consequent unneces-
sary assessments, and who desire a radical change
In the present management, will please write or
call Immediately at room 21, stock Exchange
building, Pine street. JEREMIAH LV BOH.
HALE
NORGROSS
STOCKHOLDERS OF THE HALE & NOR-
-0 cross mine should first call at the office of this
company, room No. 26, Nevada block, and be in-
formed of the facts in relation to thetabove adver-
tisement. NAT. T. MESSER,
President Hale & Norcross Mining Company.
Office— Room No. 26, Nevada block, 309 Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
yqjrH eicvctes % 1
IAIePWIMMOMRietJjr
hi 1510 MARKET St||l
%tl W^iNP \W V tm\ t tm
I AZMRNYSf
' "I BTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOU«
JL eyes and tit thorn to Spectacles or i;.vagl-*-. i-i
with Instrument* of his own invention, iftiott
' superiority has not been equaled. <ily •uiw«»vi ***
t*«ndu« to the merits of my vrorlb
Office Hours— to Ap. M.
I mim ■■ ■ m a laxative refreshing fot
rll U 11 fruit lozenge,
I M Ell Mil ' very- agreeable to take.
■TV Ilr ~" CONSTIPATION
hemorrhoids, bile, .
IIII) I F U loss of appetite, gastric and
IMII I B" 19 intestinal troubles ana
1 II II I Is la headache arising
from them.
4* MI ■ m All E. ORILLON,
I! 11 1 1 I EMM 33 Rue ties Archives. Paris.
HI La law I* sold by all Drawtst*.AN APPEAL TO
BUSINESS MEN
Resolution of the New York
Chamber of Commerce
Sent Out.
"SOUND" MONEY SOUGHT.
It Is Urged That Future Pros
perity Hinges on the Single
Standard.
SILVEE, OF COUBSE, OPPOSED-
Pressure to Be Brought to Bear to
Influence the Big National
Conventions.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 5.-The
Chamber of Commerce's special commit
tee on sound financial legislation to-day
introduced in the chamber a resolution in
the form of an appeal to commercial and
business men throughout the L'nited
States, calling upon them to stand by
sound money in selecting delegates to both
National conventions. The resolution,
which was unanimously adopted by the
Chamber of Commerce, is as follows:
To the Commercial Bodies and Business Men
of the United States: The Chamber of Com
merce of the State of New York believes that
the time has now come for a movement on the
part of the commercial bodies and all men,
■whether engaged in farmfng, manufacture or
trade, who are lnierested in the commercial
prosperity of the United States to remove from
political agitation the question of the perma
nence of the standard of value upon which all
the business of this country is transacted. It
invites co-operaiion to this end in an effort to
create a strong public opinion in behalf of an
unequivocal declaration by the political con
ventions of both of the great parties in favor of
the maintenance of our existing standard and
of the elimination of all doubtful expressions
in respect to the reopening of the mints of the
United States to the free coinage of silver.
Tne time is past it it ever existed for any
halting or doubtful phrasing to express the
meaning of political parties upon this im
portant sulrjert. We must have no platforms
that can be interpreted to mean one thing in
one part of the laud and another in another
part of the land.
It is important to every busiuess man, pro
ducer and wage-earner to cut a stop to the
enormous cost to the Government and to all of
our people ret-ulting from the continuance of
the agitation in favor of the free coinage of
silver, which stands in the way of a revival of
confidence and National business prosperity.
Therefore we ask all citizens to unite in a
vigorous effort to urjje the selection of dele
gates to the political conventions of both great
parties who will advocate clear and distinct
platform utterances in favor of the main
tenance of the present gold standard of value.
The time is short and action ought therefore
to be all the more prompt and determined.
CO>G'f-JSSSIOSA.L CAMPAIGN.
Officers i\ fted by the Republican Com
mittee at the Capital.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March s.— These
officers were elected at the meeting of the
Republican Congressional Campaign Com
mittee to-night to serve for the ensuing
two years:
J. W. Babcock of Wisconsin, chairman;
L. D. Apsley of Massachusetts, vice-chair
man; William B. Thompson of Michigan,
treasurer.
Execu.ive committee— J. H. Hull of
lowa, Joseph Cannon of Illinois, J. H.
Sherman of New York, Jesse Oveistreet of
Indiana, David Mover of Nebraska, and
senators Pritchard of North Carolina, Pet
tigrew of South Dakota and Mitchell of
Oregon.
Representative W. B. Hooker of New
York presided. Mr. Apsley nominated
Mr. Babcock for his former office of chair
man. In doing so he spoke of the ability
displayed by Mr. Babcock in the last cam
paign and ventured the assertion that a
large proportion of the Congressional dis
tricts that were carried by <he Republi
cans was the result of Mr. Babcock's
clever work.
Mr. Hull of lowa, in nominating Mr.
Apsley to succeed himself as vice-chair
man, was equally complimentary. He as
sured the committee that Mr. Apsley had
displayed excellent ability and that he was
entitled to share with Mr. Babcock the
honors of the campaign, addinc that dur
ing his four years' connection with the
committee the duties intrusted to these
officers had never been more satisfactorily
performed. f
Mr. At>sley in reply referred to the pre
dictions made by him during the progress
of the last campaign. He showed that
from the reports received by the coro
mittee he was enabled intelligently to
foreshadow the defea; of such veteran
Democratic leaders as Hoiman of Indiana,
Wilson of West Virginia, Blaud of Mis
souri and Springer of Illinois, and a)so to
indicate the election of Mr. Morton in
New York by a majority of more than
100,000.
Mr. Babcocli created some merriment,
after indorsing all that Mr. Hull had said
of his coileague on the committee, by con
cluding with the declaration that "the
best thing about Apsley is that the latch
strinK of his pocket-book always hangs
out."
Mr. Hooker of New York then renomi
nated Mr. Thompson of Michigan for treas
urer, improving the opportunity also to
show how creditably he, too, had dis
charged the duties intrusted to him.
Babcock and Apsley were then in-
Etructed to select an executive committee,
with the result as above announced, Mr.
Hull of lowa succeeding Senator Mander
son of Nebraska as Chairman.
Before the meeting adjourned Mr. Apsley
auain addressed his committee associates,
saying that tne political outlook at the
present time promises an overwhelming
Republican victory next autumn. He pre
dicted as a result of those elections a
Kepublican House, Senate and Executive.
ST. JOIIX BOYLE XAMEV.
Mmm the Choice of the Kentucky BepubU
cnnß for Senator.
FRANK FORT, Kv., March s.— St. John
Boyle of Louisville was to-night unani
mously nominated by the Republican cau
cus for United States Senator amid much
enthusiasm and within, the sound of the
voice of Senator Blackburn, who was re
sponding to a "call of the sound-money
Democrats. Shortly after convening the
caucus the rollcall showed sixty-three of
the (Mxty-eight Republican ; mem of
the Legislature present. Senator Dingus
asked that a few minutes be allowed for a
conference. The caucus then took a
twenty-minute recess.
On reconvening Dingns, in a short
speech urging party harmony, withdrew
the names of Senator Deboe and Judge W.
H. Holt, who received 32 and 29 votes re
spectively on the last ballot taken last
night.
At this instant every voice went np with
a shout for Boyle. For five minutes there
was a wild scene, and cheer after cheer was
given. St. John Boyle is a life-long Re
publican, and is a descendant of a distin
guished family, being a grandson of Gov
ernor Owsley and related to ex-Chief
Justice Mills.
The Republicans are enthusiastic and
claim that Boyle will be elected on to
morrow's ballot. The nomination was
within the grasp of Deboe, and his conces
sion to Mr. Boyle was for party interest,
as it is conceded Mr. Boyle will receive all
the votes of the party.
To-day's vote resulted: Blackburn 55,
Deboe 40, Carlisle 7, Hunter 4, and the rest
scattering.
ASII-McKISLEV MEM BOLT.
They beleet Deleaate* of Their Own to the
St. Louia Convention.
TALLAHASSEE. Fla., March s.— At
4:30 o'clock this morning, after an all night
session, the anti-McKinley element in the
Republican Convention, made up of friends
of Morton, Allison and other candidates,
bolted and held a convention of their own.
The bolt had been carefully arranged and
a hall provided for. The bolters carried
with them only seventy-nine of the 230
delegates in tne convention.
The regular convention, made np of
friends of the Ohioan, then selected the
following delegates at large to St. Louis:
J. E. Lee, J. G. Long, E. T. Skinner and L.
W. Livingston. Resolutions were adopted
in favor of the Government aiding in the
construction of the Nicaragua Canal. A
resolution of sympathy for Cuba was also
adopted.
The bolters selected the following dele
gates at St. Louis, who are for anybody to
beat McKinley: E. R. Gunby, H. W.
Chan-ller, H. S. Chubb and S. H. Coleman,
Tne fight for McKinley was led by Na
tional Committeernan John G. Long and
ex-Chairman Dennis Egan and Secretary
Joe Lee of the State Committee. £. R.
Gunby and H. S. Chubb led the fight for
Morton and were aided by the friends of
Reed, Allison, Quay and other candidates.
MVST FIGHT FAIRLY.
Opposition to the Methods of McKinley
M- it in Illinois.
CHICAGO, 111., March s.— Chairman
Jamieson of the Republican State Com
mittee of Illinois openly declared to-day
that the work of the McKinley people in
getting the delegates from the Seventh
Congressional District instructed for the
Ohioan would prove costly for the candi
date. He accused the McKinley agents
and editors of a breach of faith, claiming
the understanding with Major McKinley
when he was here recently was that no
delegates from Illinois were to be in
structed to vote for him, but if the votes
of Illinois were needed to nominate him
they would be so cast as a unit. Chair
man Jamieson asserted that from now on
McKinley would get no instructed delega
tions from lilinois unless he won by a fair
fight.
TO SUCCEED CAJUPBELL.
Dr. Jamieaon Will Be Chosen on the
Illinois Committee.
CHICAGO. 111., March 5.— A special
meeting of the Republican State Central
Committee has been called for next Mon
day in this city by Chairman T. N.
Jamieson on account of the sudden death
of W. J. Campbell, the National Commit
teeman. Dr. Jamieson is the choice of
the Republican leaders in the State, and
he will probably be selected to fill the
vacancy, while not relinquishing his posi
tion at the head of the State Committee.
The delegates to the National convention
from Illinois, who ordinarily choose the
National comniitteeman, are expected to
ratify the selection when they meet in St.
Louis, and Dr. Jamieson will then have
charge of the National and State cam
paign in Illinois.
HAD TWO CHAIRMEX.
One Convention in Mississippi Wound
!'/> in a time.
JACKSON, Miss., March s.— The Sev
enth Congressional District Republican
Convention here to-day wound up in a
row, as did the State convention last nipht
between the Hill and Lynch factions. Two
chairmen, one white and one black, were
selected and both rushed for the platform,
followed by their respective backers. Pan
demonium reigned, but both chairmen re
mained on the stand and organized and
selected two delegations to St. Louis. The
Hill delegates are J. M. Matthews Sr. and
George Granbury; Lynch delegates, J. M.
Matthews, nephew of the foregoing, and
T. E. Richardson.
The other districts have not been heard
frcni. No instructions were given, but
botn delegations are understood to be for
McKinley.
XO OPPOSITIOX TO HAIXER.
There Is Considerable Activity Among
JSebraska Politicians.
LINCOLN, . Is ebb,, March s.—Commit
teemen from the Fourth (Congressman
Hainer's) District met here to-day and de
cided to hold the Congressional conven
tion at York, April 9. There was no op
position to Mr. Hainer for renomination,
but his advocacy of Manderson as opposed
to McKinley was not indorsed, and the
McKinley men carried the day, directing
that the same convention which nomi-
nates a Congressman select delegates to
St. Louis.
Free silver Demscrats of the First Dis
trict to-day decided to hold theii Con
gressional convention at Lincoln, April 22.
The executive committee of the Prohibi
tion party to-day selected Hastings as the
place for holding the State convention to
nominate officers. August 26 is tne date.
IX FAVOR OF MORTOX.
An Attempt to Be Made to Get Harrison
in the Scheme.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ikd., March 5.— A. E.
Baxter of Elmira, N. V., D. S. Alexander,
a personal friend of ex-President Harrison,
and W. A. Sutherland of Rochester, a
member of the National Republican Com
mittee, are in conference with the anti-
McKinlev leaders at the Denison House
here to-night. It is understood that they
favor Governor Morton for the Presidency
and are here in his interest. It is reported
that the three men will call upon General
Harrison to-morrow and attempt to inter
est him in the icherae to send a divided
delegation to St. Louis.
' ' ~ >*- . . — ~ • ■■■ ■■
Two Conventions Held*
AUSTIN, Tex., March s.— The Repub
licans of this Congressional district held a
convention here to-day to elect delegates
to the National Convention. The session
was a stormy one and finally split and two
conventions were held. One body elected
delegates known to favor Eeed for Presi
dent and the other sent a delegation that
will support McKinley or Allison. The
latter was dominated by the Cluney ele
ment and was composed largely of
negroes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
TWO THOUSAND
POUNDS OFFERED.
Terms of an Agreement
for Corbett and Fitz
; to Fight.
NO CONTEST, NO PUESE.
The National Sporting Club of
London Is Liberal, but Bars
-"* Trifling.
TALK OF THE EX -CHAMPION.
Objects to the Conditions, but Willing
to Sign Them in Order to
Do Battle.
NEW YORK, N. V., March s.— The fol
lowing is the skeleton agreement for a
twenty-round contest between Corbett
and Fitzsimmons, which was cabled to
day by the National Sporting Club of
London to Richard K. Fox. The agree
ment will be submitted to Corbelt and
Fitzsimmons as soon as they can be
reached:
Articles of agreement entered this day
of , 1896, between James J. Corbett and
Robert Fitzsimmons, wherein they agree to
box twenty (or more) rounds at catch weights
with four-ounce gloves for the heavy-weight
! championship, Police Gazette belt and purse of
£2000, divided as follows: Winner, ;
loser, ; £100 in addition to be allowed to
each competitor for traveling and training
expenses. The contest to take place at the
National Sporting Club (which guarantees the
competitors the purse of £2000 and £100 each
for expenses, on June , 1896). The men
to be in the ring between 9 and 10 o'clock.
The referee, judge and timekeeper to be ap
pointed by the National Sporting Club.
Either man not trying to be disqualified
and the man disqualified to receive no part of
the purse given. No contest, no purse .
In the event of any question arising which
may not be provided for in these articles, the
referee to have full power and authority to
decide such question, his decision to be final,
conclusive and subject to no appeal in any
court of law.
To guarantee our appearance as specified
above we each hereby agree to deposit the sum
of £200 in the hands of the management of
the National Sporting Club, the one failing to
comply with these conditions to forfeit said
deposit to his opponent.
Witnesses:
CHICAGO, 111., March s.— James J.
Corbett was shown by a United Press re
porter the skeleton agreement for a twenty
! round contest between nim and Robert
Fitzsimmons, which was to-day cabled to
Richard K. Fox by the National Sporting
Club of London.
"I will sign an agreement of this kind,"
said the pugilist, "although it does not
suit me in many particulars. In fact, I
am willing to sign anything that will in
sure a right with Fitzsimmons, although I
believe 1 will never be able to get him into
a ring with me. Ido not think, either,
that Fitzsimmons will sign these articles."
Dan Stuart, the Dallas prize-fight im
pressario, who is in the city en route to
Louisville and tne East, did not call on
Corbett. He, however, saw Brady, Cor
nett's manager, but it is not known that
any agreement was reached.
BULLETIN OF THE Z. A. W.
The Racing Board Asks a Co-operation
of th« Wheelmen.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 5.—
Chairman Gideon of the L. A. W. has
issued the following bulletin:
In assuming charge of the racing interests of
the country, the L. A. W. Racing .board of 1896
ai-ks the co-operation and assistance of every
cyclist in the country. We promise absolute
impartiality in the enforcement of the rules,
both for and against the racing man and
the race promoter. Every honest racer, be he
amateur or professional, is entitled to our
protection and friendship. We shall enforce
the rules to the best of our ability, and hope
for an active season of clean, honest sport.
The new rules for the government of cycle
racing are being prepared as rapidly as possi
ble. The principal changes are in the abolition
of class B, riders formerly in that class having
been reinstated by the action of the National
Assembly. In the amateur class the acts that
formerly transferred to class B will hereafter
professionalize. No rider may compete for a
prize valued at more than $35 or more than
100 miles from home, except wiihin the limits
of his own division. Professionals may not
compete for a prize greater than .SIOO. except
by special permit.
Both classes are required to see that every
meet at which they ride is sanctioned by the
L. A. W. Changes have been made In the fees
for sanctions, $25 being the amount for Na
tional circuit meets. $10 for open meetings, $2
for athletic meetings scheduling but two
events. No fee is charged for closed club or
school meets, although it is necessary that the
same shall be f uliv sanctioned heretofore. L.
A. W. clubs are exempt from all sanction fees.
Chief consuls are requested to send in recom
mendations for handicappers for their re
spective States.
JEERED BY SPECTATORS.
George Godfrey and Xich Burley Box
Fifteen Sounds.
BOSTON, Mass., March s.— The old vet
eran George Godfrey boxed a fifteen-ronnd
draw with Nick Burley of California at
Music Hall to-night under the auspices of
the City Point Athletic Club in the pres
ence of 4000 spectators.
The spectators declared the fight a fizzle.
On account of the strength of his oppo
nent Godfrey fought cautiously, but he got
in some good hard left and right nand
punches on Burley's jaw. Burley did not
reach Godfrey's face or body moie than a
dozen times during the fight. Neither
man did any effective work during the
last six rounds, and the spectators jeered
them to their hearts' content.
The referee declared the fight a draw.
Cyclists Sail for Europe.
NEW YORK, N. V., March s.— Another
small detachment of cycle-racing men
sailed for Europe to-day to lay siege to
some of the rich prizes to be offered to the
fast riders. Tbe party was composed of
Thomas Eck, the manager; John 8. John
son and bis brother, Anioine Johnson;
Bay McDonald and A. Weinig. Young
Florence of Minneapolis, the champion
handball player of the West, went with
th-m. He will meet most of the best
handball players on the o.ner side. Eck
will take his men first to Carlsbad Springs,
where they will remain two weeks, then co
to Milan, where active training will be be
gun.
HILL XOI R ESP Oy BIBLE.
' •'■ '■■■"■ *"■" ~. . .- - ■■■ _. --■ . ■ -
An State Treasurer Escape* Liability
: for 'Lost Fund.*. ■ ,
LINCOLN, Nebr.', March/ 5.-The: So
preme Court to-day overruled the petition
for a new trial in the case of the State
against ex-Treasurer J. E. Hill, and this
settles permanently this famous case.
Hil Tas State Treasurer for four years
until January,' 1893. , A few days after :he
lett his office the Capital National Bank of
Lincoln, in .which 'he had deposited
$236,000 of State funds, failed, and the
president, C. W. Mosher, was sent to a
Federal prison for five years. The State
sued Hill and his bondsmen for the
amount. On the first trial the jury dis
agreed and on the second Hill won. This
verdict reaffirms the decision of the lower
FUNERAL OF A. PRELATE.
Cardinal Satolli Sends Condolence for
Kenricfc's Death.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March s.— Archbishop
Kain to-day stated that the funeral of
Archbishop Kenrick will take place at
the cathedral next Wednesday morning.
The body will be taken fiom the Arch
episcopal residence to the catheral next
Sunday evening, where it will lie in state
until Wednesday morning.
Archbishop Kain this afternoon received
a telegram from Cardinal Satolli, who is
now in Denver, which reads: "Under
present circumstances my visit will be de
ferred. Accept my condolence."
This is regarded as evidence that Cardi
nal Satolli will not be present at Arch
bishop Kenrick's funeral. Word was re
ceived from Archbishop Ryan of Philadel
phia stating mat he would arrive here next
Saturday night and would preach the
funeral sermon.
An Evidence of Fatality.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 5.— A. K. Mc-
Donald, a copyist in the Recorder's office,
died last Saturday. When he was stricken
by the fatal illness McDonald was work
ing on record-book 1313; he was engaged
in entering deed 13, which was filed Feb
ruary 13; he was buried by undertaker
Cullinane, whose place of business is at
1313 North Jefferson avenue. The super
stitiously inclined will construe these cir
cumstances into an evidence of fatality.
CALIFORNIA'S EXPOSITION.
It Will Not Be Held in New
York Until Later in the
Year.
This Scheme Has Been Denounced by
Prominent Men of This State
and City.
NEW YORK, N. V., March s.— "We
will hold the fair later in the year," said
Walter H. Wickes, general manager, to
day In speaking of the postponement of
the proposed California exposition ar
ranged for May in Madison-square Gar
den. "This blow came unexpectedly.
"It was the intimation that we would
meet with no opposition from Californians.
In fact, we have been receiving letters
from representative men in all parts of the
State, indorsing the proposition, pledginc
their aid and asking for space.
"Our idea of giving this exhibition was
to please both California and New York.
Trie people here are much interested in
the Pacific State, and the people of Cali
fornia are anxious to show their resourcea.
"They were not given the display they
wished at the World's Fair or the Atlanta
Exposition. Their own Midwinter Fair
did not draw the people they wished to
reach. This seemed the best plan to give
them satisfaction.
"After we had made all arrangements
for the May exhibit vre learned that the
San Francisco Board of Trade was to
have a fruit and flower exhibit
there at the same time. We tried
to come together in this matter,
but after some negotiations we could not
agree. I believe this is the cause of the
attitude of the Board of Trade, and that
the newspapers have been influenced by
that Dody."
Mr. Wiclces was one of the chief aids of
Mr. Burnbam at the World's Fair. He
was superintendent of construction. He
and his associates will lose a large sum of
money because of the postponement.
SUIT AOAISST A CASTOR.
Mis* Mulhern, an Ex- Assistant, De
mands Heavy Damages.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. March 5.—
Miss Mary Mulhern wants $ 20,000 damages
from Rev. Dr. John L. Jackson, pastor of
the Fountain-street Baptist Church, the
largest, most fashiorablo and one of the
wealthiest churches in the city. The bill
has been tiled in the Circuit Court and sup
pressed.
The plaintiff was formerly assistant pas
tor of the church, but was dropped a year
ago and another woman put in. A few
months later she preferred charges against
the character of her successor ai;d against
the alleged relations which she asserted
existed between the pastor and his new as
sistant.
Dr. Jackson demanded an investigation,
and Roger \V. Butterfield was appointed
chairman of a committee to investigate.
The committee exonerated Dr. Jackson
and recommended that Miss Mulhern be
expelled. This was done, and she has now
begun suit for damages.
GRAND JUHORS SCORED.
Remarks of a Judge on the Arrest of
Bucket- Shop Employe*.
CHICAGO, 111.. March s.— When the
persons indicted on the charge of maintain
ing and being employed in bucket-shops
were giving bonds yesterday before Jndge
Goggin.the Judge stopped court and ad
dressed every one in the room about as
follows:
"This thing of the Civic Federation, or
combination, or whatever it is, indicting
clerks and young women who are endeav
oring to make an honest livelihood by
their ski 11 is an outrage against decency
and civilization, if such a thing as civiliza"
tion exists, and I am beginning to doubt it.
"I shail rel«ase the ladies in this case
without bail and upon their recognizance,
and if th«y have a lawyer in court to-mor
row I will quash the indictments against
them. I think the Grand Jury that in
dicted these young ladies should be itself
indicted."
Heir* to Pay for a Promise. I
LE MARS, iowa, March 5. — Mrs.
Amanda Hubner secured judgment yes
terday for $5000 damages against the heirs
of William Reikhoff. because some time
before his death, which occurred a year
ago, Reikhoff promised to marry her, and
afterward refused to make his word good.
Her original claim was $30,000. The case
is the first of the kind ever decided in the
United States, and will be appealed by the
heirs.
Supreme Knight * Called.
LIMA, Ohio, March s.— The proclama
tion of Supreme Chancellor Richie regard
ing the Knighta of Pythias encampment
and Supreme Lodge meeting has been
issued. He calls the lodge to meet in
Cleveland August 25, and the encampment
of the military order will be held there if
satisfactory railroad arrangements can be
made.
Holme*' Heath Warrant.
HARRISBURG, Pa., March s.— The
record in the Holmes case was received at
the Executive Department to-day. This
afternoon the Governor signed the death
warrant, and Herman W. Mudgett, alias
H. H. Holmes, wili be executed Thursday,
May 7. .
Ex-Senator Gear Acquitted.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March s.— The jury
has acquitted ex-Senator W. C. Gear of
bribery.
SHOT AND KILLED
NEAR PASADENA
The Victim Was Enamored
of His Slayer's
Wife.
A FEUD OF TEN YEAES.
John A. Barker Was Distracted
by William Handell's
Persecution.
AND HAD FEARS FOR HIS LIFE.
Barker Surrenders to the Authorities,
Claiming Justification for
the Deed.
/
PASADENA, Cal., March s.— John A.
Barker, living near the Arroyo Seco, in
the outskirts of Pasadena, shot and killed
William Handell of this place this morn
ing shortly before 10 o'clock.
There had been a feud between the two
men for ten years. Handell had paid Mrs.
Barker some attention before she was
married and seemed possessed with the
jealous determination to break up her
family. He was vicious In all his meet
ings with Barker, and the latter has been
in fear of his life for years. Handell has
lately been thought insane, and several
months ajjo he so persecuted Mrs. Barker
with his attentions that her husband was
obliged to interfere.
Handell had on several occasions threat
ened to shoot Barker, and if Mrs. Barker
had not come between the two men the
deed would have been committed last sum
mer, when Handell drew a revolver on two
occasions with the purpose of shooting his
enemy.
Barker had Handell arrested for threat
ening hh life. Handell was placed under
bonds to keep the peace, and being unable
to furnish the necessary security he was
committed to the county jail for six
months. While serving tins sentence he
twice attempted to commit suicide, but
was discovered both times before he ac
complished the deed.
Last Saturday he completed his sentence
and on being released was at once arrested
on a minor charge pending when sent to
jail. He was convicted Saturday and re
turned to the jail Sunday. Yesterday he
made hia escape and evidently proceeded
at once to the house of Barker, who had
heard nothing of Handell's escape from
jaii.
This morning upon coming back to his
house about 9 o'clock after a walk up the
canyon Barker found hia wife and chil
dren crying. In answer to his questions
Mrs. Barker said that she had a short tima
before seen Handell pass the house and
she ielt sure he was there to make trouble.
Mr. and Mrs. Barker went out and looked
about to tind him, and after a time the
former became convinced from the tracks
that he was in the brush and watching for
him.
.Barker then went to the house and got
his Winchester rirle, and returning up the
canyon he soon discovered Handeil lying
in the brush where he could watch the
house, and believing that he was only
waiting for a favorable opportunity to kill
him Barker became excited and tired
twice, with fatal effect. He then returned
to his home and went to town, delivering
himself up.
Barker walked to the city from the
scene of the tragedy and was in quite an
exhausted condition when he arrived
here. He first called at the home of the
constable and finding that efficer absent
from home he went to the City Marshal's
office and surrendered himself to Officer
Buchanan, who at once placed him under
arrest and locked him up in the City Jail.
Officers then started for the scene of the
tragedy, which occurred in the Arroyo
Seco, about seven miles northwest of Pasa
dena.
A Call representative called on Mr.
Barker shortly after his arrest, but he re
fused to make any statements as to the
commission of the crime. He said he be
lieved he was perfectly justified in what he
had done. That he had done all in his
power to avoid trouble with Handell, but
that he had dogged him so persistently
that he could endure it no longer.
"Is Handell dead?" was asked.
"I have not consulted an attorney yet
and have no statement whatever to make,"
said Barker.
The body of Handell was found at 3
p. m. lyine in the brush on the canyon
side. He had been shot in the back, one
ball passing through the heart, the other
two inches below. Death was instantane-
ous. The body was brought to Jfasadena
and an inquest will be held Friday morn
ing. Barker was formerly employed as a
barber at the Hotel Green, but has been
ranching lately. Handell was a day la
borer and unmarried.
STORIES OF CRUELTY.
Investigation at the Protestant Orphans'
Home, Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., March s.—Wil
liam F. Dunn gives an account of what he
alleges to be acts of cruelty on the part of
the managers of the Protestant Orphans'
Home toward the little inmates of the in
stitution. On investigation there appears
to be no foundation for the stories other
than the rehashing of some incidents that
have occurred in the last five years and
for which former matrons were dismissed
It was charged by Dunn that red pepper
was administered to the children as a
punishment. It was learned that this
possibly bad been done by a former
matron in cases that are difficult to de- #
scribe.
It appears that some of the children
come to the home in a state of unmention
-1 able depravity and the matrons have an
awful tune in endeavoring to control
these poor little wretches. In some cases
the effort has been made to cure them of
their inherited immorality by severe
measures, and the former matron, who
has long since left the asylum, it is
thought with some of tne worst cases did
use red pepper. The ladies of the direc
tory, however, exercise such a tireless
supervision over the control of the insti
tution that it is impossible for any abuse
to remain undetected.
JtUSH TO THE GOhD J-IELDS.
Hundreds of Miners Are Sailing Front
Port Toivnsend.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., March 5.—
The steamship Topeka sailed at noon to
day with the largest passenger list ever
carried north, made up of 300 miners
bound for the goldfieids o! the famed
Coofcs Inlet and Yukon country. Nearly
as many more have engaged passage for a
future trip. The steamship Al-Ki arrived
to-day, and already her entire accommo
dation has been spoken. The rush to the
north is unprecedented, and bespeaks un
told suffering, particularly as under a re
cent ruling of the Treasury Department
revenue cutters are positively prohibited
from carrying stranded miners south, as
has been the case in past years.
A PORTLAXJD LAWYER'S FLIGHT.
Indicted for Forgery, He Make* Hit
Escape to Chile.
PORTLAND, Ok., March 5.— A. F.
Groves, a lawyer practicing here for sev
eral years, is a fugitive from justice.
There is an indictment awaiting his return
charging him with the crime of forgery.
The indictment was returned against him
by the Grand Jury last Tuesday, but too
late to be of any avail in the effort at once
made to bring him to account for his
crimes. It was ascertained by the Deputy
Sheriff in whose hands the warrant of
arrest was placed that Groves, with his
family and what few personal effects he
possessed, had left for Chile, via San Fran
cisco, a week ago last Sunday.
The charge of forpery is based on fic
titious returns of summons in tne case of
Isaac Meyers vs. J. Smith et al. and the
fraudulent transfer of a number of pieces
of property in consequence of the decree
obtained through these false returns of
summons. The name of Sheriff Sears was
signed to returns that never reached his
hands and never passed through his office.
The sum involved in these forgeries ex
ceeds $30,000, but from which Groves
never profited a dollar, because of the
bungling manner in which the work was
done. This fraud came to light through
the attempt made to trade some of the
property obtained through this fraudulent
suit to Joseph Morris, a Washington-street
confectioner.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Suit of the Colored Claimant to
the Barron Estate Is
Continued.
Capture of an Alleged Forger— De
Poister Discharged From
Custody.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s.— At the call
ing of the suit of Edward Andrew Barron,
the negro claimant to the Barron estate,
this morning Attorney Kerwin presented
affidavits showing that Attorney JVlontieth
was unable to appear on account of'illness
and asKed for a continuance. This was
objected to by Attorney Pillsbury.
Attorney Morehouse then filed the an
swer of George E. Barron to the suit of the
mulatto boy to establish heirship. The
answer denies tne claim of the negro and
asks that the case be abated until the trial
and determination of the suit of the de
fendant, George E. Barron. to have what
is purported to be the will of Edward Bar
ron set aside on the ground of undue in
fluence and mental unsoundness. It is
claimed that until the legality of the will
is settled a buu cannot be entertained to
establish heirship and for a distribution.
This altered things and Attorney Pills
bury, who has been vigorously objecting
to continuances, suggested that the case
might go over for a few days.
Judge Reynolds continued the case until
Monday, March 9.
ALLEGED FOHOER CAPTURED.
Tom Stickeman Arrested at Soqttel for
I'iisnini/ a Worthless Cheek.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s.— Sheriff Lyn
don to-day received word that Tom SticKe
man, who has been wanted on a charge of
passing a forged check in this city, had
been arrested in Soqnel.
On February 18 Stickeraan, who lives in
Soquel, drove over to this city and put up
his horse and buggy at H. Young's stable.
He called for the buggy on February 22
and presented a check for $10, signed by
Mrs. J, E. SticKeman and drawn on the
Safe Deposit Bank, in payment of the
stable charges. Young did not have the
change and Stickeman presented the
check t i Charles Applegrew, proprietor of
the Albion Hotel, who cashed it.
In the course of trade the check found its
way to the Safe Deposit Bank, and it was
promptly returned with the information
that there were no funds in the bank to
the credit of Mrs. Stickeman.
Applegrew then swore to a complaint
before Justice Goss charging Stickeman
with passing a forged check. Stickeman
will be brought to this city to-morrow to
answer to the charge.
J>E POISTEJt DISCHARGED.
Hut He Must Leave the Neighborhood, of
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 5.— A. C. de
Poister, who was arrested a week ago at
Santa Clara on a charge of attempting to
murder his former wife, Catherine de
Poister, was examined on the charge be
fore Justice Herrington of Santa Clara
tnis morning. There was but little evi
dence against De Poister, and as he agreed
to leave this section of the State the charge
was dismissed.
On tne clay the trouble occurred De
Poister had just been discharged from the
County Jail, where he had served six
months in lieu of a bond to keep the
peace, he having made threats against his
wife. He called to see Mrs. de Poister,
who, during his absence in jail, secured a
divorce and nis two little children. He
found George Schultz talking to his wife,
andUhis enraged him so that be picked up
a cleaver and chased them both into the
street. Later his wife swore to a com
plaint charging him with attempting to
murder her.
An Old'Soldirr Beaten and Bobbed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s.— Philip Len
non, an old soldier who resides at the
Minnesota House, corner of San Pedro and
San Augustiu streets, was induced to take
a walk by a stranger last evening. When
near the corner of Terraine and San Au
giistin streets the stranger knocked Len
non down and relieved him of a watcn
and $2 in coin.
Delegates to the Grand Parlor.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. March 5.— T. C. Hogan
and S. L. Worden have been elected dele
pates by San Jose Parlor No. 22, N. S.
G. W., to the Grand Parlor, which meets
in San Luis Obispo next month. H. Prin
dle and J. A. Anthes were choseu alter
nates.
Drttnhen Tragedy at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 5.— A man
named Joseph Wright was found dead in
a shack near the Imperial Opera-house
this morning. It appears that Wright
with four companions had a drunken ca
rousal last night, ana it is thought a quar
rel occurred, which resulted in Wright's
death, as the corpse was badly disfigured.
The companions of the dead man are all
under arreet, but were in no condition for
examination to-day.
Italian Fishermen Lost in the Storm.
SEATTLE, Wash., March s.— Lueca Zar
and John Castor, Italian fishermen, were
lost in Saturday's storm off Blakeley Rocks.
They caught the gale near Five-mile Rock
and were last seen in the middle of the
sound. There is no doubt but what both
were drowned.
found Dead at San Luis Obltpo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., March 5.—
A. J. McKinsey, an old Vesident of this
county, was found dead in bed this morn
ing. The remains will be taken 10 Susan
ville to-morrow for interment.
■..;'.' kew to-pat:
What a wonderful magnet
that 7 is. Even with the awful
weather that we've been having
your big store has been crowded
to the doors. Nothing else • did
it but 7 and the big values.
Ask any one about town about
7. They'll tell you it's the most
wonderful sale that's ever been
held in San Francisco ; it's a
grand tableau to the end of all
our great sales. ;;
-- The very, cleverest of Cutaway Suits; the
very cleverest of Double-Breasted back
.Suits; the most stylish of Single-Breasted
Sack Suits; in those fine Blue and Black
Serge Cheviots, made and built by artist
tailors, at ;„ - : 1
*7.00
And at $7.00 till Saturday night only.
The crowd grows as the news gets around
town; one tells the other of the remarka-
ble values at -•
— — 57.00 —
And your big store deservedly gets the
crowd. '
9
The big taker of the sale has been those
clever Kersey Overcoats; long ones and
medium length, in blue, with 1 deep velvet
collar; awfully clever goods: twice 7 would
be nearer right < for ; em, but . we want to
make a climax to all our sales and want it
to be remembered. Therefore, till Satur-
day night at
*' 7 » 00
'■RAPHAEL'S
1 . (INCORPORATED). '
THE FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13; : 15 : Kearny Street
34
THE FROST AND
THE FRUIT CROP
Reports of Damage From
Many Places Were
Exaggerated.
THE BIG SCARE IS OVER.
Vacaville and Woodland Or
chardists Are Jubilant Over
Their Prospects.
SHIPPERS ALIVE AT WINTERS.
Summary of the Outlook in Every
Fruit-Growing District of
the Coast.
NEWCASTLE, Cat... March s.— Rain be
gan failing this evening and has continued
throughout to-day. This will make the
air warmer, and consequently no more
frost is ftared. One of our prominent
fruit-growers stated to-day that he would
have about 25 per cent of a crop, and that
his Sal way peaches would be almost a total
loss. This is the first report of that vari
ety of peach being injured. Another
grower, who at lirst stated that his crop
would not be injured, admitted last even
ing that he would have some loss, but
would not say how much it would be.
SET ERE FROST AT ST7ISUX.
But It Is Thought the Damage Will Be
Slight.
SUISUN, Cal., March s.— The snow and
rain of yesterday was followed last night
by a severe frost, which resulted in some
damage to fruit prospects, but from all re
ports received to-day and personal inter
views with many of the leading orchardists
of S lisun Valley it appears that the dam
age in that district thus far has been slight.
Ii nearly every orchard in the valley
fire were set at" 5 o'clock this morning
ano t he whole district was enveloped in a
cloud of smoke. It is generally thought
this obviated the greatest danger, but it
will take three or four days be f .it can
be definitely determined what ac ex
tent of the damage.
Almonds have been out of b ■ i i from
ten to twenty days, but peaches &n i apri
cots are stili in bloom, rears ai prunes
have escaped entirely, and tin came is
thought of cherries. The apric- crop is
unusually large, and if half of it should be
destroyed there would be no material loss
to the growers, as at least that percentage
would have to be thinned.
Stork Dying in the iretyio Foothills.
FRESNO, Cal., March s.— The cold snap
of the past few days lias cono no appre
ciable damage to fruit trees in the vicinity
of Fre?no. Many orchardists in the rouuty
kept vigil last night with the view of light
ing fires in the orchards in case the frost
point was reached. Fortunately this was
unnecessary. To-night promises to be the
crucial test, however, since it is clear and
exceedingly chilly.
Almonds are in more danger than apri
cots. Thefoothilis on* both sides of the
valley are completely covered with snow
and the outlook is anything but cheerful.
Ltuck along the foothills, which have been
on short forage for some weeks, are said to
be dying as a result of hunger and cold.
The wind has ceased blowing and the
storm seems to be at an end.
f'aeaville's Bright Prospects.
VACAVILLE, Cal., March s.— The ex
citement of the past few days has been
somewhat quelled owing to ihe fact that
the warm rain which commenced yester
day afternoon continued throughout the
night, thus preventing the much-feared
freeze. Further investieation satisfies the
orchardists that the damage to their crops
is not nearly so great as was at first appre
hended. It is estimated the apricots were
damaged about one-half, the peaches very
slightly, other fruits none. The outlook at
present is better than former years. At
Winters the damage is slight and shippers
are making preparations to handie a
larger quantity of fruit than ever handled
there before.
Exaggerated Iteports J-'rom Sonoma.
S(»NOMA, Cal., March s.— The reports
of the damage caused by the slight fall of
snow in this valley on Monday, which ap
peared in some of the metropolitan jour
nals, were greatly exaggerated, and though
the earlier varieties of fruit which were in
blossom may have received slight damage
the benefit accruing to the grain-grower
and stockmen from the light covering of
snow that remained upon the ground for
several hours will more than counterbal
ance such small loss as may have been
sustained by the horticulturists. In the
extreme lower part of the valley the frosts
which followed the snowstorm are saia to
cave caused some damage.
Clear and Cold at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March s.— The
weather to-day was cold and clear without
an indication of rpin. Within two or three
hours previous to last midnight .37 of an
inch of rain fell, but within an hour after
midnight the moon and stars were shin
ing.
The rainfall for the present week aggre
gates 2:22 inches. Snow fell to the depth
of six inches on Ben Lomond Mountain
and eight inches at Felton. The fruit in
the high places only is damaged and
while exact results are not now obtainable
from the fact that the farmers are staying
closely at home it is evident the damage
will not be general or great.
Merced Is All Right.
MERCED, Cai,. March s.— While the
average temperature for the past four days
has been 39 degrees above zero the damage
to the fruit interests has been quite small.
The balmy weather in February brought
the buds forward very rapidly, especially in
the case of the apricot and peach, and they
appear to stand the cold wave all right so
far.
The fruit section on the Merced River
reports the same good fortune and claims
that frost will have to come good and
strong before that district is affected. Up
to the present our fruit has suffered no in
jury.
Cheerful Sexes Prom. Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., March 5.-Reports
received at Woodland to-day from the dif
ferent fruit sections throughout the coun
ty place the damage by the recent frosts
at a minimum. Winters is jubilant and
claims that the early fruit belt of Califor
nia never did present brighter prospects.
Orchardists throughout Capay Valley, as
well as other sections of the county, agree
that the damage reported after the first
frosts was greatly overestimated.
Oilrcy Cannot Estimate at Present.
GILROY, Cal., March s.— The full dam
age by the frosts to the fruii crop in this
vicinity cannot be estimated for a week.
Apricots and almonds are injured to some
extent. Prunes are late in budding, and
if any damage has been done it will in
crease the size of the fruit. The rainfall
for the storm amounts to 1.04 inches and
for the season 14.32 inches. Rain com
menced falling this evening, and the indi
cations are favorable for a steady down
pour.
Nearly Everything Gone at Chico.
CHICO, Cal., March s.—Colonel Royce,
manager of the General Bidwell ranch,
ana B. F. Allen, the leadinc fruit-erowers
of Chico, make the following statement to
The Call correspondent of the condition
of the fruit crop:
The almond crop is gone, the apricot
crop is gone, the cherry crop is gone,
early apples are gone, pears are gone, and
on the Bidwell ranch the peaches are
all gone. There is a chance for the
prunes. The heavy frost last night
seemed to have killed everything in sight
in the way of fruit.
Difference of Opinion at Haywarda.
HAYWARDS, Cal., March s.— There
seems to be a marked difference of opinion
regarding the condition of the fruit crop.
Dr. KimDall, an owner of one of the largest
orchards in Haywards, believes that the
frosts of the past few days have entirely
ruined the apricots.
Cherries and late fruit will not suffer, as
the buds are not in full bloom. It is gen
erally conceded that apricots and almonds
are the only trees which will suffer.
Apricots Are Sadly Kipped.
AUBURN, Cal., March s.— The fruit
crop in this locality did not entirely escape
the recent cold snap. Saturday night's
frost did damage. As yet it is impossible
to ascertain the extent of the injury.
Apricots are injured quite badly, but
cherries are all right. Early peaches and
plums are hurt somewhat, but they gen
erally have to be thinned, anyway. There
was no injury whatever to orchards along
the American Rwer.
Apricot* Suffer at Hanford.
HAS FORD, Cal., March s.— Quite a se
vere frost occurred here Sunday night,
damaging the apricot crop probably 50
per cent. The damage is in streats, some
orchards not being hurt. The Royai vari
ety suffered most. The peach crop is little
hurt. No frost has occurred since, although
one is expected to-night. Many orchard
ists are prepared to smudge.
'lulare Sot Alarmed.
TULARE, Cal., March s.— The damage
to the fruit crop is greatly overestimated.
Pears and prunes are uninjured. Peaches
are damaged 25 per cent and will still re
quire thinning. Apricots and almonds,
our earliest fruits, are damaged 75 per
cent. The quantity of almonds and apri
cots raised tiere are insignificant. Citrus
fruits are uninjured.
Rain at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s.— The rain
fall to-day amounted to .25 of an inch,
matins a total of 9.81 inches for the sea
son. The rainfall to the same date last
season was 18.40 inches.
OROVILLE TRIAL ENDED.
W. G. Pearne, a Wealthy Wheat
Buyer, Is Convicted of
Manslaughter,
While Driving at an Unlawful Speed,
He Ran Over and Killed
an Aged Lady.
OROYILLE, Cal., March s.— The trial of
W. G. Pearne, one of the principal wheat
buyers of Butte county, for manslaughter,
for the killing of Mrs. Dogan, cf Biggs, by
running over her, commenced Tuesday
afternoon in the Superior Court of Butte
County.
County Clerk Harkness testified that
Ordinance 86 prohibited a team in un
incorporated towns of Butte county going
faster than six miles 'an hour.
County Surveyor McCoy produced a map
of Biggs, showing location of different
business places.
J. D. Adams testified that he accepted
an invitation to ride with Pearne from
Gridley to Biggs. Pearne was drunk and
whipped and ran the horses. When near
Biggs they came near running over Henry
Johnson, who jumped over a log to eet
out of dancer. They crossed the railroad
track to B street, Pearne using the whip
and driving with one hand. Pearne at the
same time leaned over the side of the
buugy to listen to some one who shouted
to him. Adams also looked back, and on
turning around again saw Mrs. Dogan just
ahead of the team. He tried to grab the
lines, .but was prevented by Pearne, and a
moment later they ran over the lady.
Henry Johnson testified as to getting
out of the way of the team, and that
Pearne appeared to have no control over
the horses.
Ed McCoy was sworn and said he saw
Pearne driving across the track, remark
ing, "Here comes Pearne and he is drunk."
Both horses were loping at about eight
miles an hour. As Pearne came up the
street the horses swerved to one side to a
hitching-post, but the driver pulled them
around and commenced using the whip.
The horses broke into a run and ran over
Mrs. Dogan, wno was crossing the street.
Several other witnesses were examined
without material change from the above
testimony, with the exception as to rate of
speed, some claiming that it was not over
six miles an hour.
To-day the jury returned a verdict of
manslaughter against Pearne. A light
sentence was recommend3d, which will be
passed Monday next.
SAS BERXARDINO SMASH-UP.
Evidence of « Deliberate Attempt to
Wreck a Train. '
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., March 5.—.
The Harlem motor was wrecked this morn
ing about 9 o'clock as it was leaving this
city for Highlands, but fortunately no one
was hurt, although several passengers
were on the train and a lively shaking up
was the result. Owing to the fact that the
train was just starting out it was running
quite slowly. The cause of the accident
was that a switch bolt had been drawn.
There is but little doubt that some mis
creant had laid plans to wreck the train as
it was passing through a rut near C and
.Second streets. Evidence 3hows that the
nut of the bolt was removed before the
late rain, as the threads were rnsty when
found. When the motor passed over this
point it took to the ties, dragging the cars
with it, and snapping the guard rails in
two. The motor was badly damaged.
HELD UP THE WROSG MAN. .
A ritauir footpad Made a Serious Tllit
ritlriilntioi.
PHCENIX, Ariz., March s.— Last night
while Lee Garrett, a contractor, was going
to his home near the suburbs of the city
h e was attacked by a man with a revolver
and ordered to throw up his hands.
Garrett did so, but broGght a re
volver from his hip pocket and fired
three times. The hold-up fled, leaving bis
cocked revolver in possession of Garrp tt,
who thinks one of the shots took effect
from the yells of pain emitted by the
feliow.
Rinehart Will filed for Probate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March s.— The will of
William Kinehart, who died in this City
on February 29, 18!)ti, has been filed for
probate by Michael Madden, who is named
as The estate is valued at
|20,715, consisting of cash and promissory
notes. Thd heirs are Joseph Rinehart, a
brother, and a host of nieces and nephews
residing in Pennsylvania.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
THE MINT STEAL
AT CARSON CITY
Progress of the Trial of
Melter and Refiner
Jones.
NOTEWARE'S TESTIMONY
Methods of Weighing Bullion in
Making the Annual Set
tlements.
THOSE TAGS STILL MISSING
The Books Show No Shortage, but
the Books and Bullion To
gether Do.
CARSON, Nev., March s.— ln the Jones
trial this morning the cross-examination
of Noteware by Woodburn was resumed.
Witness said that the same opportunity to
steal existed in the ingot melting-room as
in the refinery. If the spurious melt was
made in the night the watchman would
have known that operations were being
carried on. Harris had the same access 10
the vaults and books as Jones. The books
of 1895 show no Bhortage, and everything
was accepted by the superintendent as cor
rect up to that date.
Witness then gave the jury a detailed
account of the methods of weighing up
bullion in making annual settlements. lie
found no shortage in the books prior to
Melter and Refiner Harris coming into the
mint. It was Harris who discovered the
shortage in the metal soon after he went
into office, and it was Harris who reported
the shortage to the superintendent. The
defendant was his assistant at that time.
In the riscal year ending in 1893 there were
4702 ounces less came back from the re
finery than went up; in the year ending
in 1894, 3258 ounces less.
The internal record-book is in the hand
writing of Jones, Brown (the weight
cierk) and Charles Thompson, but most of
it was in the handwriting of Brown. The
weight clerk is supposed to keep the books.
The books are all balanced except for the
years 1893 and 1894. In previous years the
credits of the slum bullion make the
books balance.
He had no feeling but one of friendliness
for Jones. Their relations had always
been pleasant. Jone3 had received $5 58 a
day as weight clerk. As assistant melier
and refiner he received £2000 a year when
he first went in, but this had been reduced
to ?1500 since.
A small purse was then exhibited to the
jury and witness said that since the noon
recess he had put Bevera! small bars in the
purse worth $225. This evidence was to
show how the gold had been taken. The
abstraction of the leaves was from a place
in the accounts prior to any entries by
Mr. Harris. On December 17, 1894, there
was a deposit from the Savage mine only
three points difference in silver and the
same fineness in gold as the bogus melt.
Also on January 3, 1893, there was a de
posit of bullion by Charles Peters that
went 19J^ in gold.
Woortburn tried to show that the bullion
found in Pickler's yard was of the same
fineness as the spurious melt.
The court ruled it was not proper cross
examination, and Woodburn said he would
introduce the evidence later.
George Likens, employed in the refinery,
testified 10 the disappearance of the bul
lion tags. He said:
"The book and tags for the year
ending 1893 were taken away by some one,
but I don't know who. They were deliv
ered by Mr. Pierce to some one in the
melter and refiner's department— l think
Mr. Jones, but am not positive, but that is
my impression."
Cross-examined by Woodburn— l testi
fied twice in the Heney trial.
Witness was asked about the book, when
General Clarice stated that since the noon
recess the book had been found.
Witness— l don't know what became of
the tags in 1890, 1891, 1892 and 1893, but I
think they were all taken away at the
same time. Can't positively say who
asked for the tags, but it was some one
from the refinery. Think it was in June,
1893. Never searched for the tags until
quite recently. Other people have searched,
but they are still missing. Jones some
times accounted for the receipts to the
superintendent and sometimes to Za
briski. Jones was assistant melter and re
finer when Heney was there and also as
sistant melter and refiner up to his sus
pension. The operations practically ceased
at that time. The books show no shortage,
but the books and bullion together show a
shortage. It was necessary to assay the
bullion to discover the shortage.
GOVERNOR AT HIGHLANDS
Expresses Great Satisfaction at
the Management of the
Institution.
He Found the Patients in Good Condi
tion and Everything in Apple
Pie Order.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., March 5.-
The Governor and party to-day paid an
official visit to the asylum at Highlands to
investigate the running affairs of that in
stitution. Governor Budd was accom
panied by Senator White's brother, a tius
tee of the Agnews Asylum, and Mr.
Stephens, president of the Sacramento
Board of Trade and Secretary of the State
Board.
The party did not stop at San Bernar
dino, but went immediately to the asylum,
where they arrived about the time for feed
ing the patients. While the meals were
being prepared for the party Governor
Budd thought he would occupy the time
by seeinc how the patients were served,
and he immediately set out on a tour of
inspection. Every department in this line
was visited and the greatest satisfaction
wan Bhown by the Governor. The Gov
ernor is a great advocate of rice for the use
of patients, and conveyedh is ideas to Dr.
Campbell after a general |tour of inspec
tion throughout the building
The books of the institution were turned
to and a careful examination of them
made.
Here the Governor met with an agree
able surprise, and one which lie made no
efforts to conceal. He expected to find a
most extravagant account of expenditures,
but, to the contrary, he found that, as a
whole, it was the cheapest-run institution
of the kind in tne State, many of the
salaries being lower by several dollars. It
was found that the patients were treated
as wel' as could be" expected, they receiv
ing every care and attention.
The local trustees are jubilant over the
Governor's visit and its result, as they say
that all misrepresentations made to the
executive have been found without founda
tion. It was also found that there is still
much room for many more patients with
out overcrowding the departments in any
manner whatever.
XORTHESX PACIFIC AFFAIRS.
Hondholdera May Find Themaelvea in a
Pitiable Plight.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 5.— A promi
nent New York lawyer of counsel in the
Northern Pacific receivership fight said
yesterday in this city that if the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company had really issued
mortgage bonds without the consent of
Congress holders thereof would find
themselves in a pitiable plight, as they
could not under any circumstances be
construed as preferred claims, but must
necessarily hi considered along with the
lump indebtedness of the railroad, which
was, as everybody knew, so great that its
common creditors could never be made
anything like whole. Fuch a claim was
made recently in the Milwaukee Federal
court by filing pleas of the Wisconsin
Central Company and the Wisconsin Cen
tral Railroad Company to tne original
amended and supplemental bilis of the
Farmers' Loan and Trust Company, as al
leged, having been prohibited by Congress
from executing mortgages on its proper
ties save upon the express consent of Con
gress. This, it is charged, the company
failed to secure and mortgage bonds
to the amount of $50,000,000 are in conse
quence null and void.
EUREKANS ARE REJOICING
Damages for Families of Sea
men Drowned Through
Negligence.
Happy Outcome of a Case That Has
Been Before the Courts for
Years.
EUREKA, Cal., March 5.— A case in
which the people of this county were
greatly interested was decided in the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals a
few days ago, much to the satisfaction of
people hereabouts.
On November 15, 1889, the schooner
Fidelity, while being towed from the
Pacific Ocean into Plurnboldt Bay by the
steam tug Printer, was capsized on Ham
boldt bar. The captain and all hands
were drowned and the vessel was a total
loss. Suits were started in the Superior
Court by the widows of the captain and
cook of the Fidelity, charging negligence
on the part of the captain of the tug.
These suits were removed by the de
fendants to the United States District
Court. On February 21, 1894, Judge Mor
row of the District Court rendered a de
cision in favor of the widows, allowing
the captain's widow $7000 and the cook's
widow $5000.
An appeal was taken to the Circuit Court
of Appeals, and after having been sub
mitted for over one year and a half the
opinion of Judge Morrow was sustained.
The dec Uion meets with great public ap
probation here, where it is known that the
disaster was caused by gross negligence
and where great sympathy is felt for the
families of the drowned "men. The long
and unexplained delay in deciding the case
had caused much uneasiness among the
claimants, and during the interval the
captain's widow, Mrs. Christopherson, had
been foreclosed out of her home; but the
affirmance of the decision came when hope
was almost gone, and reassured the people
hereabouts that the poor are equally re
spected with the rich m the United States
courts.
Much credit is given the attorneys,
Messrs. J. F. Connant and James M. Gil
lett, for their perseverance and ability dis
played.
NOTES FROM PALO ALTO
Rain Prevented the Practice
Baseball Game of Stanford
at Santa Clara.
Preparations Are Being Made for Sev
eral Musical and Athletic
Events.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.CaI., March
5. — The baseball grounds were too wet at
Santa Clara for a game to-day, so the Stan
ford nine, which had made preparations
to go down there for an afternoon's prac
tice, remained on the campus.
It has been definitely decided that next
Saturday the team will contest with an ag
erepation of ex-Stanford players on the
home diamond. As most of the ex-play
ers are first-class men it will be surprising
if the Varsity succeeds in saving itself
from a severe drubbing.
The elee and mandolin clubs are de
sirous of making a trip south during the
short spring vacation which hegins on
March 20. The proposed tour would take
the clubs throughout Southern California
and would necessitate a considerable fund
for expenses. The student body decided to
allow such trips upon condition that
enough money be put up by club mem
bers to guarantee the treasury against loss
on the venture. In order to raise suffi
cient money a concert toon place this
evening which was well attended and af
forded the first opportunity the students
have had to judge of the merits of Stan
ford's musical talent.
The student committee which has charge
of the arrangements for Stanford day at
the San Jose Rose Carnival are preparing
an elaborate programme. Already a spe
cial train has been arranged for and the
participants in the trade events and on
the stage— numbering seventy-five or more
individuals— will have a special car.
It is proposed to have an athletic track
exhibition during the day. There will be
fourteen events, and three prizes will be
given for the best men in each.
In the evening a grand concert and spe
cialty performance" will be given at the
theater. The glee, mandolin and banjo
clubs will all take part also the ladies'
mandolin club. After the theatrical per
formance a ball will take place. Alto
gether the affair promises to be highly
successful.
Second Trial of an Old Fretno Suit.
FRESNO, Cal., March s.— The second
trial of the famous suit of the city
of Fresno against the Fresno Canal and
Irrigation -Company and the Fresno
Milling Company for $50,000 damages
was begun in Judge Carter's depart
ment of the Superior Cour to-day.
This case has been under considera
tion ana in the courts for several years.
In the former trial the city won. The suit
grew out or an oid open ditch Which for
many years was maintained by defendants
on Fresno street.
i.IKD.
BERRY-At Hill Girt Vlnevard, near Martinez,
March 5. 1896, Lucretla French swett Berry,
mother of John Swett Esq. of this city, a native
of Fitisiield, S. H., aged 92 yean.
SAN JOHN'S
RAISIN INDUSTRY.
The Future of the Valley
Is Bright With
Promise.
PACKER MEETS GROWER.
Former Dissensions to Make
Way for One Harmonious
Union.
MIDDLEMEN TO BE CHECKED.
Plans Contemplated by the Combine,
Which Has a Capital of
$1,000,000.
FRESNO, Cal., March s.— From present
appearances the future of the raisin indus
try of the San Joaquin Valley is bright
with promise. Various packing and grow
ing factions, heretofore thought to be irre
concilable, are about to be brought into
one harmonious union, having for its ob
ject the good of all concerned. The dis
cussion of these matters by many leading
packers and growers before the Hundred
Thousand Club up to a late hour last even
ing has resulted in infusing new life and
hope into the subject.
Tne importance of this movement may
be realized when it is known that such an
organization can absolutely control the
raisin market of the United States, and
that many millions of dollars are repre
sented by the interests concerned. The
great difference between the price which
consumers pay for raisins in every part of
the country and that realized by the pro
ducers make the fact very apparent that
"the middlemen" have not only manipu
lated the market to suit themselves, but
have made all the money from the indus
try. This has not only caused business to
lag. but if continned will, as all concede,
ultimately destroy it.
At a meeting again this afternoon of the
packers the ground was gone over, and in
view of the fact that the co-operative
packers have about agreed to the plans so
far formulated, the way seems open to a
perfect organization that will insure im
mediate and permanent relief to this
greatest of California products.
Those attending the meeting last night
and again this afternoon were: Dr.
Washer, W. F. Forsey, E. G. Chaddock,
A. Albrecht of Fowler, G. B. Noble, Wil-
Jiam Noble, J. H. Kelly. Fred Nelson of
Fowler. John D. Gray, Lee L. Gray, A.
Gartenlaub, Thomas H. Lynch, W. M.
Griffin of San Francisco, W. F. Rowell of
Easton and J. W. Alexander. The organ
ization will be capitalized at $1,000, C00.
The plan contemplates holding raisins
for f. o. b. prices, entirely eliminating all
consignments. It also contemplates sell
ing through one central head controlled
by the corporation. The prices are to be
made subject to the approval of a commit
tee of three representing the growers' in
terests, to be appointed by and from the
managers or presidents of the several
banks in the raisin district.
It also contemplates a pooling of all the
raisins, based upon the grading from the
stemmers, which grading shall be under
the supervision of the corporation.
It contemplates further the pooling of
the money which the raisins brine, each
grower to have his proportionate share of
all sales, based upon his grade, quality and
the amount of raisins delivered, without
reference to whether they are first or last
sold, and the proportionate sharing of any
loss that might be sustained by the
failure to market any portion of the
raisins.
It contemplates reasonable advances to
the growers for picking purposes, either
on the delivery of the raisins or in cases of
special need, to be given in loans on proper
security before delivery of raisins, and
that at least 75 per cent of the output of
raisins (shall be in the pool.
SANTA BARBARA ROMANCE
Members of a Milwaukee Family
Reunited After Twenty
Years.
The Wife of a Wealthy Brewer Finds
Her Sisler Conducting a Little
Restaurant.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 5.—
Two days ago the wealthy proprietor of
the Schlitz Brewery of Milwaukee arrived
in Santa Barbara with his wife, taking
quarters at the Arlington. The lady im
mediately began to make inquiries for a
sister whom she had not seen for twenty
years, and who was living, as she sup
posed, in one of Santa Barbara's many
beautiful houses. Failing to lind any
trace of the lady in the upper part of town,
she prosecuted her inquiries in the busi
ness portion, and to her surprise finally
found her with her hard-working husband
conducting a little restaurant on a side
street near State street. The visitors, who
are childless, had brought rich gifts for
their young nephews and nieces, and it is
probable that this meeting will prove for
tunate in more ways than one for the
relatives whom adversity had overtaken in
their years of separation.
Taken to the Insane Atylutn.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 5.—
Bernard Henry Gerhart Krusemeyer, the
murderer of Father Ferdinand, left to-day
for the San Bernardino Asylum in charge
of a deputy sheriff. The county might
have saved the exnense of this es
cort, as the patient declared himself per
fectly competent and willing to betake
himself to the asylum without assistance,
calmly asserting that the doctors who ex
amined him were much crazier than he
wae.
Father Servatius Altmicks is tempo
rarily acting as Father Superior at the old
mission pending the permanent appoint
ment, which will be made at the central
province of the Sacred Heart in St. Louis.
TUB COMAXCHE COMISG.
She la Being Put in Shape for Her Trip to
San Francisco.
VALLEJO, Cal., March 5.— A force of
some fifteen men from the Independence
have been detailed for the past two days
on board the monitor Comanche, engaged
cleaning her up ana straightening things
to rights, preparatory to her eoing to San
Francisco for the naval reserves.
Officers from that organization were at
the yard yesterday making arrangements
for her tmnsferrence. The boats have
been sent down to the Monitor, and she
will be supplied with everything possible
to tend to the comfort and efficiency of
the naval reserves. There is some talk
that by the end of the week she will be in
readiness for steamine down the bay.
She is fully equipped for active service,
and is now alongside the wharf having
stores placed on board.
iyHUMAX JEyOLIsH OFFICERS.
They Refuse Two Austrian Fishermen
Shelter From a Furious Storm.
VICTORIA, B. C, Marc 5. -Two Aus
trian fishermen named F. Melroso and
Frank Paveh, who left here on one of their
ordinary cruises on Sunday last, nad a
test of English hospitality under peculiar
circumstances.
After leaving the harbor the fishermen
found the sea too rough to proceed, and
when off Macaulay Point they endeavored
to run into Esqinmalt, but failing ran into
a little cove under the fortification works.
Here they disembarked and built a small
fire on the beach to warm themselves, but
according to their story they did not stay
long.
They were hurried away by the fortifica
tion sentinel. The men, cold and be
numbed, asked to remain until the sea
smoothed down a little, and to this appeal
the sentinel referred the matter to his
superiors. The latter, however, would
not allow the foreigners to stay. On re
ceiving orders, and taking their lives in
their hands, the fishermen embarked in
their frail little craft again and made off
for EsQuimalt Harbor.
They did not proceed far, however, until
they were capsized in the heavy sea run
ning. Melrose, being a good swimmer,
assisted Paveh, who was not, and tne two
were in the water nearly one hour before
rescued by the liehthouse-keeper.
FIRST EMERGENCY CALL
An Interesting Experiment That
Produced Satisfactory
Results.
State Troops Muster at Their Re
spective Armories in Quick
Time.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March s.— Some
weeks ago Brigadier-General M. W. Hol
ler, commanding the Third Brigade, Na
tional Guard of California, issued an order
notifying the troops in the brigade to liold
themselves in readiness at all times to re
ceive an "emergency call," and to re
spond to it promptly, in order that an idea
might be gained as to what dependence
could be placed on their rallying at short
notice in case of actual emergency. Since
that time the troops, realizing that the
call might come any day, have held them
selves in readiness to respond to it
promptly.
Colonel J. W. Guthrie, commanding the
Second Infantry, received a telegram at 2
p. M. to-day ordering him to issue the call.
The order was immediately transmitted
to the officers of companies in the city,
also to the companies at Chico, Colusa,
Nevada City, Marysville, Woodland and
Redding. They were also sent to the
Third Brigade Signal Corps and Trcop B,
cavalry.
At "o'clock more than tifty of the mem
bers of Troop B were in their quarters,
most of them being in uniform. Before
7:30 all the members of too Signal Corps
except three, who were not in the city,
were in uniform and ready for inspection.
Promptly at 8 o'clock Troop B filed into
the drillroom and two minutes later the
Signal Corps marched to their station,
both having been excused by the order
from appearing mounted. Company G
followed a minute later and took their
place in line, but it was twenty minutes
- ~ — - "■)
MR. JAMES L. BANKS.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.
I just reached Santa Barbara, and 1 am glad of it, for really it is one of the best
little towns in California, and the people are ail praising Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla,
so that puts me in good humor. The gentleman whose portrait I send you is of a
retiring disposition and seldom allows newspaper men to interview him. It was my
great good fortune to speak to Mr. Banks when he was telling a friend how much eood
the native sarsaparilla had done him.
He told me that for several months past he had suffered from boils and anl im-
poverished condition of the blood. Did not understand why this should be. as he
takes much care of his health and is regular arid methodical: "However." said he,
"I have used Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, and I believe it is the best sarsaparilla that
I have ever used. I have used several other sarsararillas at various times, and I will
not say that they are no pood, but 1 will say that none of these sarsaparillas compare
with Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. Yes, it is true, that the new idea of manufacturing
sarsaparilla is the "better idea. It used to be the proper thing to emulsify iodide of
potassium with sarsaparilla. Of course, iodide of potassium is a mineral drug that
irritates the stomach and 1 know it. I know it from experience. I know that using
the sarsaparilla with iodide of potassium brings out pimples and boils upon the face. I
know that Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla contains no iodide of potassium, contains no
mineral drugs, because I used it. It did not irritate my stomach, it brought no pim-
ples on my face, it purified the blood and instantly dried up the jerupiions that were
on my body.
"I do not usually speak for publication, but any man would do as I am doing
now— recommend that which he knows to be good. I don't think that Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla would mend a broken leg, or grow hair on a man's head, but verily I do
believe that Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla will put the stomach and Dowels in such good
order and the hlood in so pure a condition that the man of ordinary constitution will
certainly feel health and life in every nerve and fiber of the body."
I spoke to all the druggists in Santa Barbara md they reported wonderful sales for
Joy's Sarsaparilla. None of the druggists are substituting "something just as good"
for Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. Santa Barbara is a small place compared to San
Francisco, and if the druggists resorted to cheap methods every one in Santa Barbara
would know it, and they would keep away from the substitutor. 1 am told that the
substituting druggists in San Francisco are having a pretty hard time of it. People go
into a drugstore now and ask for Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla and say that they want
it for some one else, so that now there is no more talk about "something just as good."
HENRY TILLMAN.
past the hour before Company E took its
place.
Taken altogether the test was a success
ful one, showing that a large Dercentage of
the troops can answpr a call promptly in
case of emergency.
Sacramento's Police Wrangle.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March s.— Er-
Captain of Police Anthony Green, who
was suspended two weeks since, has sworn
to a complaint charging Detective Leon
ard, who was instrumental in procuring
the'evidence against him, with the crime
of perjury. As soon as the latter was in
formed o the preferred charge he appeared
at the police station and gave bonds in the
sum of $1000 pendinsr examination.
\*-wrn*tlr Store Burqlttrized.
NEWCASTLE, Cal., March s.— Early
this morning, while the clerk was at
breakfast, J. P. Maddens store was bur
glarized of cutlery and jewelry to the
amount of about $30.
A HIGH-PRICED SEWER
Over Twenty-One Thousand Dol
lars for Fourteen Hun
dred Feet.
Mayor Sutro Asks the Property.
Owners If the Little Bill
Is 0. K.
The following, which speaks plainly for
itself, was received by President Hubbs of
the Richmond Property-owners' Protec
tive Association from the Mayor:
Mayor's Office, )
Pan Francisco, March 4, 1895.1
Charles H. Ilnbbs, SSO Vine street, City— MY
Dear Sir: On February 24, 1896, there was
filed an a.«sessmeut in this office for $21,797 35
for building sewers, etc., from Fourteenth
to Twentieth avenue along Lake street by Wil
liams & Belser, contractors.
No objection has been raised to such assess
ment.
As the sum is a large one and embraces a dis
trict covering the territory in your club, the
Mayor. Hon. Adolph Sutro, has directed me to
no'ify your organization of the same, with the
request that if there be any valid objections to
the countersigning |of the assessment, at
the earliest practicable moment the same shall
be communicated to him, so he may determine
what to do therein. Very respectfully yours,
Taylor Rogers. Mayor's Clerk.
"The blocKs referred to," said Mr. Hubbs
yesterday, "are six in number, and ar«
each 240 feet long. This makes a total of
1440 feet sewered, and the $21,797 35 makes
the rtite $15 13 per front foot.
"How is that for sewer work? The
usual price for pipe work is ?1 40, and for
a brick sewer $3 per foot is considered a
big charge. Is it any wonder that
property-owners complain and kick at
street improvements? Take a poor man
out in Richmond district paying $800 for
his little twenty-five-front foot home.
Along comes a $15 front foot |assessmt-nt
for a sewer, and fifteen times twenty-five
make $37f>, almost half of the price he paid
lor the lot.
"You may be sure, the people on those
six blocks "along Lake street will kick
against any such a steal as that. It wag
considerate and honorable in Mayor Sutro
to call our attention to this imposition.
Is this not a street contractor ridden
town?"
Murder at .San Jacinto.
SAX JACINTO, Cal.. March s.— This
morning when the janitor of the Metho
dist Episcopal church entered the build
ing to prepare it for a meeting to-r.:;*bt he
was horriried to find a Christianize:] Chi
naman named Sing lying in the pulpit
with his throat gashed in a frightful man
ner.
Everything showed that the murdered
man had made a desperate struggle for his
life, as blood had been splatter*! abc.it i;i
all directions. V
Tne janitor at once gave an alarm and.
hnndreds of excited people rushed to the
scene. While there 13 no direct clew to
the perpetrators of the attrocious crime,
it is thought to have been committed by
some of Sing's fellow-countrymen, who
are incensed at his having embraced
Christianity.FRESNO'S GREAT
PROSPERITY.
Wonderful Development of
a Most Resourceful
County.
HELPED BY IRRIGATION
Important Industries of the
Region Made Famous
by Its Raisins.
KICH AND VARIED PRODUCTS.
And the Metropolis of the Fertile
Lands Keeps Step in the
March of Progress.
FRESNO, Cal., March s.— This imperial
county, wnich lies at the geographical
center of the State, was, in'lßs6, formed
from portions of the vast domain com
prised in the counties of Tulare, Merced
and Mariposa.
It is the central county of the great San
Joaquin group and contains 5606 square
miles — an area almost as great as that of
the States of Connecticut ana Rhode Island
combined.
The early gpographers designated the
San Joaquin Valley as the "Great Califor
nia Desert,"' and General John C. Fre
mont, who visited this region in 1844, and
•who gave the first reliable account of it,
quite agreed with these "men of science"
on this point. He designated it as a "bar-
en waste," wholly unfit for any other oc
cupancy than that which it then pos
sessed, namely, numerous herds of wild
horses, elk and antelope, which browsed
and fattened on the juicy grasses which
bordered its perennial streams and dotted
with bunches of green its vast slopes and
foothill ranges.
The possibilities of this immense terri
tory were not understood for nearly twenty
years after General Fremont had pub
lished his account of it. It has been within
three decades that this "desert" of former
years has been made to "blossom as the
rose." The days of the wild horse, fur
VII W OF MARIPOSA STREET, FRESNO, FROM SOUTHERN PACIFIC DEPOT.
trappers and Indians in this valley are
easily within the memory of men then
grown to manhood's estate.
The stages of the transformation from
those primitive days to the present are
coni prised in three distinct eras, viz.: the
mining era, the cattle-raising era and the
present era of agriculture and horticulture
by means of irrigation.
The late A. Y. Kasterby was the modern
Aladdin who first made use of the means
in the territory now comprised within the
limits of Fresno County by which the pres
tnt day's macic work began. This magi
cian's lamp was that of experience only.
He had witnessed the wonderfully beneti
cent effects of irrigation in India and
Egypt He applied his experience and
observation to this great valley; that was
all. He diverted the waters from the
great streams which traverse this valley
at remarkably equidistant intervals, and
spread tnem out upon the broau. level
plains.
The surface of the land is composed of a
rich alluvial deposit, which, under Easter
by's system of moisture, yields to the hus
bandman most remarkable returns.
The colony system of irrigation, by
which the land has been divided up into
ten and twenty acre tracts, is probably
without a parallel in any other part of the
world in its extent ami the success which
characterized its adoption in this valley.
A few figures on this point will be
i highly instructive. It has been ascer-
THE COURTHOUSE AT FRESNO.
| tamed that there are 35,000 acres of rnisin
' grapevines in bearing in this county. This
! vast area is comprised in innumerable
I small tracts. Careful computations show
that there are 14,% orchards and vineyards
of from rive to forty acres each and about
300 ranging from forty to 100 acres in each.
Then there are nearly 1000 stock and grain
ranches in the county ranging from 1000
I acres down.
The grain sown last year was as follows:
I One hundred and fifty-six thousand acres
!to wheat and •_'!•, 000 acres to barley. Be
| sides these there were thousands of acres
j sown to alfalfa, which yielded the most
I gratifying results.
J Important as these productions are,
THE FRESNO HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING.
they sink into comparative insignificance
when classed with the culture of raisin
grapes.
The reputation of Fresno County raisins
is world wide. Nowhere else, perhaps, can
raisins be produced under so favorable con
ditions as in Fresno County. This is due
party to the geognostic character of the
soil and also to the hot, dry temperature
of the summer and early autumn months.
The almost total absence of rainfall
from the middle of April to the
middle of November of each year con
stitutes a condition whicii guarantees the
highest perfoction in the production and
curing of raisins. While this is true, the
almost unparalleled system of irrigation
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
assures all the water necessary to a perfect
and healthy growth of the vines.
Thus far as to ;the valley productions,
which, rare and Immensely valuable as
tney are, by no means exhaust the physi
cal resources of this great county. If we
look a little lurther we shall see that much
of great importance remains to be told.
For, it should be borne in mind that this
county, which, it has been shown, com
prises a greater extent of territory than
some of the States of the Union, is 128
miles in extent from east to west, while its
width varies from 35 to 70 miles. In the
eastern part of this vast domain the snow
crowned Sierra Nevada Mountains rear
their peaks to the hight of 14,000 feet above
the sea level. From these dizzy heights,
where the ice king holds perpetual sway,
the county stretches across to the west
until it reaches the Mount Diablo range.
The recent find of free gold in a ledge of
decomposed quartz near the base of
Quartz Mountain seems to emphasize the
importance of what was formerly almost
the sole occupation of the county s inhab
itants—viz.: mining.
In the early days the pioneers worked
only the gravel deposits of this county
with great success, securing large quanti
ties of gold. These gravel beds were not
extensive, however, ana a few years suf
ficeil to exhaust the most promising, after
which placer mining became almost obso
lete.
During the past few years quartz
mining has supplanted the old method and
witli most gratifying results. Shafts and
tunnels have penetrated far into the sides
of mountains. These have opened up
many new ledges which show gold in pay
ing quantities. So much for gold mining.
Prospectors have reported from time to
time enormous deposits of high-grade iron
(ire crowning the Minarets. It is said to
be a great mass of almost pure iron. Its
location is far back into the mountains,
however, and therefore no attempt has
been made in the direction of mining it.
Among the foothills and mountains near
the western border of the county are to be
found many valuable deposits of coal, gyp
sum and asphaltuni.
FBEBNO CITY.
The year 1806 is destined unquestionably
to mark an important era in the history of
Fresno City— an era characterized by great
and unprecedented activity and progress.
This year will witness the completion of
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley Railroad into Fresno; also that scarcely
less important enterprise, the plant of the
San Joaquin Electric Light and Power
Company.
The former guarantees a rate of trans
portation for the products of this valley,
which, it is confidently asserted, will in
sure a fair, not to say a generous profit, ou
every variety of soil production of which it
is capable.
The policy of the Southern Pacific Rail
road's management of "all the traffic will
bear" has retained in a kind of bondage
what otherwise would have been the most
prosperous and contented people on earth.
The completion of the last named under
taking insures motive power for manufac
turing 7>ur]>oses at a rate far below the
cost of steam. In view of this fact several
factory enterprises, of which this City
greatly stands in need, will undoubtedly
spring up; and not only this, but the ma
chinery and mills, already here, will be
furnished power far below the rate now
being paid, thus increasing the profits of
the operators and at th« same time lower
ing the price to local consumers.
The material growth of Fresno has been
phenomenal. From the organization of
the county until after the completion of
the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1872 Mil
lerton, a small village about thirty miles
east of Fresno, was the county seat. In
that year the new county seat was decided
upon. The transformation which has
taiieii place from the time the town was
staked out to the present is best exempli
fied by means of the illustrations which
are printed in connection herewith.
Fresno's business blocks would be credit
able to a city many times its size. Many of
them are solid brick structures two and
three stories high. A splendid high-school
building of brick will soon be completed,
'I he city contains several very elegant
church buildings and others are soon to be
erected. It has a free public library, town
hall, a very substantial opera-house and
scores of . handsome dwelling-houses.
Many of its main streets are paved and it
has a complete sewer system.
The Republican of this city, in its splendid
New Year's edition for 1896, referring to
the growth of population and other
kindred subjects, said:
"When the era of irrigation began the
population consisted of the miners in the
foothills aud the cattle men, hugging the
borders of the rivers. In 1873, a year after
the county seat was removed from Miller
ton to Fresno, the vote cast at the general
election was, including the present county
of Madera, 762, which would indicate a
population of about 4000. At the present
time the city of Fresno and its additions
contain nearly three times that number,
while the last estimate shows the popula
tion of 34,860, located chiefly in a territory
now under irrigation, with a natural ca
pacity to furnish employment, subsistence
and competency for ten times that
population, uncTer conditions the most
comfortable, with a climate the most
genial that could he desired. The fertile
soil of the plains which constitute
nearly one-third of the county, its
wonderful richness and productiveness
enabling, under irrigation, the raising of
successive crops the same season, the
wealth of minerals in the mountains, the
abundance of water for irrigation, the hot,
dry but inoppressive atmosphere, giving
size, richness and sweetness to its fruits,
and above all its magnificent water power
now being harnessed to electricity to fur
nish light, heat and motive power to the
city and "the various mills, all indicate
that Fresno is yet in swaddling clothes as
compared with its possibilities of future
greatness.
"Besides all these are the coal, petro
leum, gypsum and sulphur deposits on
the west side, and the inexhaustible iron
mines and forests of the Sierras to meet
the demands of the thousands who may
populate the plain. Already two large
flumes, of sixty miles each in length,
bring lumber down from the mountains
one from the greatest grove of sequoias or
'big trees' on the continent, the other
from the forests of mammoth pines."
DIRECTORS QUARRELING.
Trouble Arising From a Recent
Corporation Elec
tion.
Sidney V. Smith Wants to Get Into
the Board of the Donahue
Road.
There is trouble over the election of di
rectors of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railroad, held on January 20
last. At that election Antoine Borel, A.
W. Foster. A. Markham, J. B. Stetson,
George A. Newhall, P. N. Lilienthal and
John L. Howard were declared elected,
and now Kidney v". Smith,, Antoine Borel,
J. B. Stetson and John L. Howard are
asking that the election be set aside to the
extent of declaring Smith elected and P.
N. Lilienthal defeated.
There are 60,000 shares of stock in the
company, and there were represented in
the meeting 54,860 shares. When the vote
had been taken the plaintiffs allege that
the following was the result: Antoine
Borel, 52,844; J. B. Stetson, 52,845; John
L. Howard, 52,843; Sidney V. Smith,
52,843; A. W. Foster, 43,162; Andrew
Markham, 43.162; George A- Newhali,
43,162. and P. N. Lilienthal, 43,159.
Borel voted his own stock and also over
8000 shares belonging to Peter Gundecher
and G. E. Wagner. When these were
about to be counted Jesse W. Lilienthal,
who held one share, protested against
them on the ground that neither Gun
decker nor Wagner were bona-hde stock
holders and that they could not, therefore,
assign their proxy to any one. Besides, he
said, the proxies held by Borel had been
revoked by the death of Laden burg of the
firm of Ladenburg, Thallman & Co., the
real owners of the stock objected to. A.
W. Foster.who presided, heard tiie protest,
ruled it well taken, and threw out all the
votes cast by Borel as proxy.
It is further alleged that Jesse W.
Lilienthal and Andrew Markham, against
the protest of Smith, forged a ballot with
all Smith's stock distributed for him, and
cast the same. Tne ballot, the complaint
states, was as follows: For Arthur W.
Foster. 21,555; for Andrew Mark ham, 21,
--555; for George A. Newhali, 21,553; for P.
"N. Lilienthal, 21,553.
This ballot was counted, and Smith
claims his own ballot was thrown out and
this forged ballot counted. This caused a
change in the result as follows: J. P. Stet
son 11,417, John L. Howard 105, A. W.
Foster 64,715, A. Markhara 64,715, George
A. Newhali 64,715, P. N. Lilienthal 64,712,
Antoine Borel 54,844.
These directors were declared elected.
Tne whole matter was a conspiracy, the
complaint states, to secure for Foster the
uresidency of the board, the Anglo-Cali
fornia Bank as treasurer and Jesse W.
Lilienthal as counsel.
At the meeting it is charged that Jesse
W. Lilienthal acted as counsel for Foster,
and advised him to rule as he did.
MONEY FOR A SCHOOL.
Henry Cartner's Donation to Ten
Christian Ladies.
Ten philanthropic ladies of California
have received a handsome conditional
gift from Henry Curtner of Warm Springs.
Mr. Curtner owns some school property,
consisting of thirteen acres of land and
school and dormitory buildings at Irving
ton. The property has been utilized by
various religious denominations for edu
cational purposes, but without conspicu
ous success.
Hitherto Mr. Curtner donated the use of
the property, but now he proposes to make
a gift of it to the ladies of the Christian
church in the State.
The gift is conditional, however, upon
the recipients securing an endowment of
$2500. They have set to work to raise the
amount, are sending out circulars appeal
ing to the benevolence of tbe public and
have put a solicitor in the field.
Articles of incorporation have been filed,
wherein Mr. Curtner pledges a bond of
deed conditional upon the endowment.
The property cost the donor $50,000.
The officers are: Mrs. H. 11. Luse, pres
ident; Mrs. Ella i"\ Maguire of Saratoga,
vice-president; Mrs. Vera W. Durham of
Irvington, recording secretary; Mrs. Har
riet S. Kennedy, corresponoing secretary;
Mrs. Sue E. Grant of Woodland, Mrs.
Lucy L. Curtner of Warm Springs, Mrs.
Meron E. Shadle of Saratoga, Mrs. Ger
trude E. Smither of Los Angeles, Mrs.
Lucy F. Johnson of San Jose, Mrs. H. C.
Ingram of Irvington, directors.
The school is to be known as the Henry
Curtner Seminary. Young women and
girls are eligible to entrance, and the en
dowment is to be for scholarships for
orphans. The institution is to be noa
jscctarian. j
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Pacific Mail Company's Expen
sive Manner of Docking
the China.
VAGARIES OF A REVENUE BOAT
Healy, Tibbitts & Co. Secured the
Contract for the New Pacific-
Street Shed.
The steamer China got in from Hong
kong via Yokohama and Honolulu yester
day a day ahead of time. She was up to
her dock before noon, but as the Doric and
Colon occupied one side of the wharf and
the Belgic and a sailing ship the other,
Captain Seabury had to stand on and off
until things were made ready for him. The
Doric was to sail for the Orient at 3 p. m.,
and instead of letting the China come to
an anchor and await her departure Agent
Center determined to work out a scheme
of hia own. He called in the aid of the
tugs Fearless and Active, and, after con
siderable delay, moved the Belgic out into
the stream and anchored her. Then he
moved the Doric from the east to the west
side of the wharf and then the wharc was
clear for the Cnina.
By this time it was after 2 p. m., how
ever, and by the time the China was se
curely in her berth the Doric was getting
ready to sail. There was not thirty min
utes of time saved and Uncle Collis is out
$300 for the hire of the tugs. From a finan
cial standpoint the scheme was a success —
for the tugs.
The China brought thirty-three cabin
and four European and thirty-eight Chi
nese steerage passengers. Of the Chinese
only eleven are for San Francisco, the
others being in transit for Havana. The
cabin passengers were: Dr. and Mrs.
Cantlie, child and maid, N. T. Cholmeley,
Charles Dunne, Rev. and Mrs. C. G. Gard
ner and child, Mrs. M. Ginsburg, Mr. ai.d
Mrs. Otto Heydenfeldt, H. R. Jofferds. A.
Johnson, Dr. H. Kanner, Vkomte de
Labry, Rev. G. A. Lofrey, Miss F. McCar
thy, A. A. Lopez Navarro, Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Pierce ana maid, Miss Pierce, W. M.
Redwood, G. Reiffinger, Ed Ringe. W. P.
Stevenson, F. Strahler, Miss L. Stubbs,
Miss B. Tisdale, S. Taylor, G. H. Tilden,
C. R. W r alter.
During the run from Honolulu First As
sistant Engineer H. H. Cooper went sud
denly out of his mind, and had to be con
fined in a straitjacket. He was appar
ently rational when the vessel docked, but
the chances are that it will be some time
before he fully recovers.
The captain of the revenue cutter Rash
had a great picnic docking his vessel yes
terday. From the time he arrived off
Main-street wharf it just took him three
hours to get the cutter alongside. Wmle
he was maneuverine the British ship
Monkbarns was moved from Beale street
and placed in the Merchant*' drydocfc.
The vessel was shored up and the dock
pumped dry before the first line was
thrown from the Rush. In order to give
the revenue boat plenty of room the steam
schooner Westport moved out, and after
the trouble was all over docked again in
ten minutes. Uncle Sam's revenue marine
may be good sailors, but they don't know
much about docking a ship.
Captain Dettmars made a very smart
run from Cleone in the steam schooner
Alcazar this last trip. His vessel looked
more like a raft than any tiling else as she
came up the bay. There was on board
5000 railroad ties and 230 piles measuring
from 50 to 75 feet for the Valley road.
Healy, Tibbitts & Co. received tlie con
tract for the erection of the new shed over
Pacific-street wharf yesterday from the
Harbor Commissioners. There was a dif
ference of almost ssooo between the highest
and lowest bidders. The bids were as fol
lowa: Anderson & Gregg, $12,732; Camp
bell & Petters, $9999; Soule Bros.. $10 : 330;
Alex Campbell, $8849; San Francisco
Bridge Company, $10,000; J. A. McMahon,
$9675; Galloway, Finley & Co.. $8457: W.
Lindon, $9805; F. H. Day & Son, $9099;
William Knowles, $10,806; T. A. Williams.
$10,991; C. L. Crissman, $9997; F. R. Bas
sett & Bro., $10,745; Bateman Bros., $8484;
Darby Leydon & Co., $9904: Healy, Tib
bitts & Co., $7893: J. A. Smiley, -$10,990.
The steamer Willamette Valley, which
broke her crank pin and hnd to put into
Ensenada in distress, arrived in tow of the
Bonita yesterday. She went dkect to the
Union Iron Works, where she will be re
paired and sail again in about a week.
The coast defense steamer Monterey ar
rived from Santa Barbara yesterday. A
few hours out from San Diego she was i
caught in a southeaster and lost some of ;
herboats. She will repair damages here
and will then proceed to Puget Sound.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamer Doric sailed for the Orient yester
day with twenty cabin and eu. ty Chinese
steerage passengers. Dr. Chapman, lare of
the Belgic, went out as sur. eon of the ship.
SUTRO AND THE MAILS.
The Mayor Could Be Indicted by the
United States Grand
Jury.
Replying to the question vhether steps
would be taken to punish Mayor Sutro
for violating the law against depositing
scurrilous matter for delivery through the
marils, Postmaster Frank MoCoppin yes
terday said :
"The subject has passed beyond my
hands. It has been referred to the In
Bpectors by the Postoftice Department, and
if they consider that the statute lias been
violated by Mayor Sutro they can present
the question to the United States District
Attorney, who may place the mutter be
fore the United States Grand Jury now in
session.''
The Postmaster was asked if be consid
ered the matter forwarded by Mr. Sutro as
scurrilous within the meaning of the law.
and he replied :
'•That is a question for the inspectors,
the District Attorney and Grand Jury to
determine. I regarded the matter as un
mailabie under the law and detained some
800 or 1000 envelopes. Some, however,
went through. The course pursued by
him might do for Barbary Coast corre
spondence, but the idea or sending sue li
comment as the envelopes contained to
the capital of the Nation and to represen
tatives of tho people i:i Congress was in
decent and absurd to say tto* least.
"It is not fair to censuie Mr. Cuandler,"
continued the Postmaster. 'He did writ.
at the bottom of one of the printed circu
lars that he was willing to receive a respect
ful communication from any citizen of
California, but he did object to receiving
scurrilous communications such as huu
beed incldfed and mailed to him."
The penalty under the statute for send
ing scurrilous or defamatory communica
tions through the mails is, upon convic
tion, a tine of not more $5000, or imprison
ment at bard labor not more than live
years, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
Half-Interest Swindle.
Eugene Aitken, a half-interest man, wns ar
rested yesterday on a warrant charging him
withobtalningraoney by faise pretep-e*. The
complaining witness is l'nilip A. Potter, a ro
ceut arrival from Providence, K. I.', living at
23 Kearny street, who alleges that he pur
chased for $75 from Aitken a half interest in a
coffee, tea and wine route and found there
was no such route.
Isaac Hecht's Donation.
Lev! Schiling, president of tbe First He
brew Benevolent Society, desires to acknowl
edge the donation <n .*lO<W, which comus to
the society from the > state of the late Isaac
Hecnt. The legacy hRS been paid aud the
society appreciates the gift and will make
tbe best uses of it.
®®®SXsXS^®®®®^^
Dissolution v Mnc+ i
y m  \, ITlllol |
i Notice i £
I . nave i
f The copartnership heretofore I $
1 existing between HERMAN- I m m <S
I SUMMERFIELD, LESSER / •" I* /■ . . -.^— — • — ' (•
I 81'MMERFIEl.D, HEHMAN / iWlllliPir (i
• 1 ROMAN and BRUNO ROMAN. / Jill II It. . V , «
I and known as H. SUMMER- / m -' m -^^ m J .
I FIELD & CO., has this day been / ' )j
1 dissolved by mutual consent, / A A r-
I BIU'NO ROMAN retiring. The i /\ •♦• ■ 1 -*^ /^T /^V D
\ business will be continued by I h % I I • fill J~ )•
V .the remaining members of the / *. m Ir- V/11VV §
\ v firm, who will assume all In- /» • . S
\ debtedness and collect outstand- //' And « lot ° f if. tO mv Mr ' Rritnn |
\ Ing accounts, the firm name/ Ct " , . P y tsruno g
V remaining unchanged. I (^ Roman, our retiring: partner, for §
\ I his share of the business. To- «
«V -/'/ ♦/v >/ ' morrow, Saturday, March 7, we p
'/A t/ " r /" >Cr V begin a GREAT SPECIAL SALE ■'§
■g *} Vr == 3' / £7* of OUR ENTIRE STOCK of Spring I
@f?~^<\^ / ' /*/ A / and Summer Clothing at about %
*^r J^^ * / >k. actual cost— in many instances <$
/ OT^& even less than cost. The new <f
*" i ~^^w >^C: yj. Stylish Spring Goods, mind you — ■%
X/^ly Just the things you need, at the <£
: time you most need them. M
I Lowest Prices Ever Asked for Reliable Clothing. I
I Money Back if You Want It. |
I Men's Suits. Men's Overcoats. I
(§ $8, $9 and $10 CHEVIOT SUITS $8, $9 and $10 Overcoats, special at. 86.85 %
x —single or double breasted . $12, $14 and $16 Overcoats, special ' «
*: sacks— blue or mix- fl&f? QC at ....... ...... . 99 85 k
vy tures-the proper style for tJpU.Oc) $17 50, $19 and $20 Overcoats, special 2
)V spring business suits— strong, at 812.45 >■
W serviceable. • $20, $22 and $25 Overcoats, special *
<J) fl2. »14and $16CHF;VIOT OR • • at... 813.85 ><
® f 12. «14 and $16 CHEVIOT OR _ • S
§ Jro£^S 8 lf 9T s S $9.85 Children's Suits. |
fj\ ture3 in new colorings. $2 and $2 50 Two-"ple7e Suits (coat 'I
$2 and $2 50 Two-piece Suits (coat
>< $17 50, $19 and $20 CHEVIOT, and pants)— double-breasted— 4. to •JS
worsted or CASsraiERE __ 1 V« P ;Xnv"V":."-' ;•,• 93c .
1$ BUITS-hnndsomely tailored fflJl Q A C * 3 a » " 3 60 Cheviot hmts, style as '«
® . —fully equal to best custom- «3)l^.'±U _, a D «•"•••• •,••■•; -81.85 ■«
® made -single or double $4 and $4 50 All-wool Suits-well made »
© breasted sacks-"cutaways" ._ a " d good styles-all sizes .....92.95 <•
® • —fit guaranteed. $5, $6 acid $7 All-wool Cheviot or Cas- (•
g . -. . ' ' . . simere — reefer or plain double— (2
<•) $20, $22 50 and $25 FIXE SUITS  breasted— fit as though made to §
g —all of our dressiest suits— order-a great bargain 84.45.(2
g made by such honsesas Stein, - ' ' — ; — "*.' (i
« Bloch Co., Hammerslaughl©! QQC Mam' c H €fir C *"* 3
S Bros, and Alfred Benjamin <fc;«JpIO.OU ITICII 3 *1d Id X(7L. g
X Co., leading clothing makers' ;/ ■ ____ ■ /J
W of America-spring styles. 300 last season's $1, $2 and $3 Hats— §
>< . _^ all styles and almost every size — to ■ g
J5( __ . ;:'_•;■ r _, clear out at once all marked at the J><
X iVIPn C I f r»IICP»f t C absurdly low price...... 25c ><
® iTICII «» 1 IUU3CIS. 20 cases Men's Fedora Hats-latest JS
® — — . block, in black, brown or slate — *
W $2 Every-day Working Pants 95c weres2.. 85c <3
® $3 and $3 50 All-wool Cassimere— __ ' ' " _, ." ' *
sy newest cut.. ...'........„•. — 91.95 • IV\fin *s SnifTC (•
S $4 and $4 50 All-wool Worsted or Cas- JTICU a OIHIIS. -[•
>< simere Stripes and Silk Mixtures— ___ . _. , . — 7TT.,,, m., . S
>? perfect fitting.. 83.85 300 dozen Unlaunuered White Shirts— %
|) $5, $5 50 and $6 Worsted and Cassi- ' loo'do^en °I^ndeVed' White ' Shirts- 45 ° |
g mere Dress Pants 93.65 worth $1 to $1 25 .: 65c <•
(5) $6 50, $7 and $7 50 Best Ready-to- 85 dozen Men's Night Shirts— (•
(*) Wear Pants money can buy 84.65 $latleast 45c (•
I Sale for limited time only. The new price plainly |
I marked on red ticket. See show-windows. 1
»> [ IBarßct Street, S.T.
ft A.< 4H«
Skill I
I is not needed to en-
-1 I able you to make a most^
I delightful beverage of Ghir-
I ! . ardelli's Cocoa. It is made
I I instantly by pouring boiling
H 1 milk upon it, adding sugar
Pj to suit. It contains all the
1 I nourishing, strengthening,
I flesh-building qualities of
if, : the Cocoa bean, and noth-
I ing else. -No other form of
*' liquid food is so convenient,
I so palatable and so nourish-
I ; ing, as
I GHirardelli's
j COCOA S
I Sold by All Grocers
i \ $2 Cups for 25 cents
Weak Men and Women
Should" usedamiana bittebs. thk
t great -Mexican Remedy; gives Heaittt and
Strength to the Sexual Organs. -
Mm 50C TSJAL sets
r^^MsSS^ Choice Bulbs and Plants.
'■ jrt^^Sfei^^^^w^'^^K' c prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
*Js^SMi^ '"-'*»iS^\ Set A-3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, ......50c '
f^y'^S»^ I 4?JiL' i ""-^ PB^\^ \ B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts _ 50c Any
I iff GtSXi?* I r^?^r r - C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums,.- sorts 50c I-._ _*
£afsL.\' i t/p'*'^ > S^^^^k D— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 6 betS
r*O^^".."- Y^^\MBwm E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds. FOR
W/Wd'WY^VkSfVi^ fti^TTf tt* o— lo Elegant everblooming Roses, iokinds._..-.50c c: 105
M" KTffi iTv*^^v Ml ' K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, 9 ' "*-
- ißil» t !V ,Ns; ' " ' :•■ 1 Manettia Vine, , 1 Carnation, Geranium, . ; or -
, \pjr.v; : 1 Solaum, 1 Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- 5 Sets
'"■' V/inM^' '• * B ea> 1 Chry5anthemum..:.'..;...:.............. .."....—50c Fo . V
Vwi : - <rti|;.i.i m 3 plants New Calif. Violet, ffi nrt
-sJf-llflsS*. I 2 V Qlßl PlantS. BUC 3 Mad. Milot, 3 Sawnley $2rP9
„> rS^ -::•> 1^ TWim liailiOi UUU. white? 3 Mar i e Louise.
■V^f^f- 5^ I *^'';^^ C on/ 1 fftf nnf Illustrated Catalogue. It contains a
4^/^mfep-s3gj?.vyg^a SCIIU lUr UUr complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
!■;•;: V' (Ws#& blc - '"■Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
1v - 'V 1 . ' IXI as»' Fruits; ' our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
'*«* — . y Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties iv Flower and Vege-
table Seeds. cox SEED AND PI..ANT CO., San Francisco
; ; . 41 Ij 413 Sansome Street
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
OF
TEACHERS I
■ San Francisco, March 3, 1896.
• The regular semt-annnal examination of appli- .
cants for teachers' certificates (High School, Gram-
mar and Primary grades and special certificates)
will commence at the Normal School - building,
Powell street, near Clay, on FRIDAY, March 18,
1898, at 3 o'clock p.m. Applicants who wish to
pass an examination for High School certificates
or special certificates will send notice to tnls office
on or before March 6th.
- In compliance with the State School law each
applicant must pay an examination fen of $2 in
advance. Applicants who Intend taking the ex-
amination must register prior to the commence-
ment of the same, as no fees ; will !be received on
that date.
. Applicants for Primary Grade certificates will be
required to pass upon the following subjects:
Arithmetic, Grammar, Geography, Composition,
History ' of the United States. Orthography and
Defining, Penmanship, Reading, Methods of Teach-
ing, School Law, Industrial Drawing. Physiology.
Civil Government, Elemeniary Bookkeeping and
Vocal Music. Applicants for Grammar Grade cer-
tificates, in addition to passing on the above I stud-
ies, must also pass on Algebra, Physics, Pedagog-
ics, Geometry, General History and Literature.
; M. BABCOCK,
Superintendent of common Schools,
Gkorge Beaxston, Secretary. .
DR.WOHWOO
Chinese !)ruj;s JgT^^>brS^
ami Tea and Herb Jf
776 Sanitarium, Jar :^S*> ~^M
776 CLAY STKfcET, «l «■
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, flptl Jp^ S?-'
. San Francisco. . k*V **5^ /#
I, the undersign-^!, have MA .v. . . . mM
been cured from kidney WjM»Wt •*'' n
trouble, from which lIBW* j^/ 1 %
suffered for over 10 years. ¥ \mS^< § J
by Dr. Wong Woo. • . . ■ fo, .y^^^ ; ,J£
Office ho'nrs: : "') to 11 BaWM^K^S^Mfe
a. m. : 1 to 3, 7 to 9 p. m. UmmSmSßatodmSnm
COSMOPOIjITAN.
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 . Fifth * St., San
ranclsco, Cal.— The most select family hotel in
the city. : Board and room, $1, $1 25 »nd $1 60 per
day, according to room. - Meals 25c. Rooms, 50a
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. \VM. FAHEY, Proprietor.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.- .'
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
Tally and Sunday Call, one we6k, by carrier. . 0.1 5
Daily and Sunday Cam., one year, ma 11" . . .. 6.00
Dully and Sunday Cam. six months,' by malL: S.OO
Dally and Sunday Ca y.., three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday CaM, ore month, by mail.. t .65
Sunday Cam., one year, by mail i.l. 1.00
WkJLKi.Y Call, one year, bt- mail .i..*. ...... 1.6 C
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street, - .... ,
San Francisco, California,
Telephone ..Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS :
517 Clay Street.
relephone ..................M»!d-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery strett, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
-116 KSnth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 84 Park Row, New Tort City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
FRIDAY MARCH 6. 3896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Clean politics wins.
Honest men to the front.
The railrogues are at it again.
In a straight fight straight men will win.
Now is the time for all loyal Republicans
to rail}-.
Republicanism is alert and trickery dis
comfited.
To uncovered rascality it is a mighty
cold snap.
Through open primaries is the way to
Republican victories.
Home rule is good rule for parties as
well as for communities.
The law cannot punish the forging of
proxies, but the people can.
Beneath the tent of the Kellv-Mahoney
sideshow there is only a "what-is-it"?
Be not deceived— Huntington is not
doing all of his fighting at Washington.
As a mass the railroad gang looks black
all over, but the individuals ore spotted.
Any rascal who puts his hand on the
Republican machine this year will get it
mashed.
The hand of the Kentucky company is
not always visible, but its work can be told
by the tools it employ?.
The Southern Pacific of Kentucky will
find that the Republican party is some
thing of a buzßsaw itself.
Turn the cathode ray upon any kind of
political rascality and you will see in it the
bony hand of the railroad.
Congressional committees can best act
for the people by giving the people a
chance to act for them<«elves.
Any threat of a contest in the Fourth
Congressional District will turn out to be
only a minority kick, and no fight.
Now is the time for the Republican press
of the interior to speak ont for home rule,
open primaries and honest politic?.
Whenever a bad odor arises from the
bubbling pot of politics you may be bum
the Southern Pacific of Kentucky has had
a hand in the soup.
Turn the light on any dark place in cur
politics and the fat rats of the railroad will
be seen scampering for their holes.
If the monopoly had the power that
some people dread it would not have to re
sort to sneaking, trickery and fraud to
carry out its schemes.
Now that the campaign has opened and
the first battle ia near it is the duty of all
loyal Republicans to see that every traitor
is driven out of the camp.
To steal a man's proxy for the purpose
of betraying his manhood is a good deal
like trying to commit manslaughter by
the tactics of petty larceny.
The Republican party will win the first
battle for honest politics in this campaign
by lashing all rascals from ita camp and
putting honest men on guard.
The power of the monopoly is dead.
That which oppresses the imagination of
the timid is but a phantom. When the
light is turned on, it vanishes.
The politics of the Kentucky company
are now carried out in this State by Mar
tin Kelly and J. H. Mahoney. To this
complexion had it come at last.
The Republican party will never need
reform so long as It retains the old forms
under wnich it became the party of the
people and the enemy of bosses.
The power of the Southern Pacific Com
pany of Kentucky is only a poison fungus
bred of corruption. It sprang up like a
toadstool and will perish like one.
Republicans of every county should
watch carefully the play of the railroad
gang. They have always a card up the
sleeve to be played at the last moment.
All loyal Republicans have aright to a
voice in the election of delegates to the
State Convention, and if they are shut out
now they will be heard from on election
day.
Republicans are resolved that their party
shall stand as a great temple dedicated to
immortal principles, but there are some
tricksters who think they can use it as a
railroad machine-shop.
It is possible to do some kind of politics
on forged proxies, just as it is possible to
make some kind of an omelet out of bad
egee, but in the one case as in the other
the smell betrays the job.
it is certain the fellows who are trying
to betray the Republican party into the
hands of the monopoly are not working
for their health, lor it is about the un
healthiest job in the State.
In devising a scheme to take the control
of the election of delegates to the Repub
lican State Convention out of the hands of
the county committees the manipulators
of the Kentucky company flattered them
selves that they had successfully cheated
the people, but there are too many intelli
gent men in the party for trickery to re
main hidden and too many honest man for
cheating to thrive.
TEE POLITICAL SITUATION.
Under the force exerted by the near ap
proach of the time of holding the National
conventions of the great parties of the
country, the varied elements that, make up
the political complexion of the people are
being rapidly crystallized into definite
groups and forces. .Republicans, Demo
crats and Populists are organizing. Inde
pendents are separating themselves from
established parties. Good men are uniting
for the public welfare and bad men aTe
confederating for selfish interests. It is
a time when every political event must
be carefully studied by the people lest any
should be betrayed into joining the wronc
group— a time when the press should
sneak plainly that the people may know
the truth and see where honor and the
public welfare stand.
The forces crystallizing these various
groups have been very notable in the Re
publican party of California within the
last few days. They have been strong
enough to make already a well-defined
line of cleaveage between those true Re
publicans who would use the party as an
association of patriots to uphold great
principles of government, and those self
styled Republicans who seek to make the
party a machine to be operated for the
interests of individuals or corporations.
This line of cleavage was made clear im
mediately after the recent meeting of the
Republican State Committee. At that
meeting it was decided to follow the rec
ommendation of the National Committee
and place the election of delegates to the
party convention under the control of
Congressional committees. This was so
much of an innovation on the established
order of the party in California that in
many of t lie Congressional districts it was
found that no district committees were in
existence. It became necessary to pro
vide them, and in undertaking this, the
cieavage was Immediately manifest.
A minority of the State Committee
sought to take advantage of the new rule
to overthrow the local organisation of the
party and place all power in the hands of
a few bosses. To achieve that result they
proposed to appoint a State Committee of
five, clothed with authority to appoint
Congressional committees wherever they
did not already exist. That proposition
was promptly voted down by the loyal
Republicans of the State Committee, and
the bosses met their first defeat. Imme
diately after the adjournment of the State
Committee, however, they conspired
together and began to devise plans to ob
tain by indirection that which they had
failed to gain by the suddenness of their
first trick.
In this complexion of affairs it behoove?
all loyal Republicans to adopt a plan of
action upon which they can agree and by
which they can unite to save the party
organization from the manipulators who,
almost avowedly, are working for the
Southern Pacific of Kentucky. In urging
the adoption of such a plan Thk Call has
no new or cunning scheme to offer. It
simply invites the Republican press of the
interior to co-operate in advising all Re
publicans to demand of their Congres
sional committee the adoption of the old
fashioned plan of open primaries. That
old plan is the best plan. It is honest,
and honesty is what we wi-sh.
We urge the plan with the more earnest
ness because the Congressional committee
of the First District has virtually
adopted it. This proves it to be a plan
which commends itself naturally to Repub
licans. Moreover, we believe it to be a
plan which the rank and file of the party
demand with more than usual ardor at
this time. The issues of the campaign
are great. The convention will be im
portant. Is it not right that every loyal
Republican should have a voice in de
termining the issues of the one by the
free exercise of the privilege of casting a
vote in the election of the delegates who
are to represent him at the other?
A OEEAT TOUENAMENT.
The most important bicycle tournament
ever held in the West, if not in the entire
country, was opened la3t evening at the
Mechanics' Pavilion and is to continue for
a week. The wonderful progress of the
past year will be made evident, but more
interesting than that will bo the exciting
sport of the meet. Famous racers from
all parts of tne United States are in at
tendance, and every kind of machine will
be on exhibition.
It is idle to discuss the popularity of the
bicycle as a "fad." The superiority of the
typewriter over a pen is unquestioned, and
yet fashion has never accepted the type
writer for polite correspondence — it is still
"good form" to adhere to the crabbed,
laborious and illegible process of hand
writing. For that matter the quintes
sence of good form, especially in England,
is still the auill, for the reason that it is
older and less commonplace than tne
comparatively modern steel pen. There
is too much utility in the bicycle for it
ever to become very fashionable, and it is
not nearly so expensive and showy as a
carriage, horses, groom, footman and gold
mounted harness.
This means to say that the bicycle is dis
tinctly an achievement in industrial prog
ress, and the fact that it is used so ex
tensively for health and pleasure detracts
nothing from that assertion. That it is
employed in ways other than industrial
utility is proof that it is superior to all
mechanical devices which are employed
only for industrial purposes, including the
sewing-machine and the typewriter. It is
this peculiar feature of it that has so greatly
stimulated improvements in its design and
construction. Those who employ it for
health and pleasure alone belong to that
broad-minded and aggressive upper middle
class whose intelligence and independence
represent the spirit of progress that ani
mates the age. That this is so is shown by
the fact that they to-day are assembled in
one of the most powerful organizations in
the country and that their influence in
bettering the indHstrial condition of the
people is being so strenuously exerted in
securing good roads. That achievement
alone, due to the power which the bicycle
has created, will be among the greatest for
its value and comprehensiveness that this
country has ever witnessed.
Aside from the gentlemen riders are the
sporting fraternity to which the machine
has given birth. It Is a notable fact that
the records of professional cycling are sin
gularly free from scandal. Perhaps this is
explainable on the ground that the sport
is so wholesome and exhilarating as to
have an elevating effect on character.
LESSONS Iff CLIMATE.
i
An important task which should be
undertaken without delay is that of de
termining the probable reasons for a
strange feature of the prevailing "cold
weather" in California. It appears that al
though the "snowstorm" was general all
over the State it was attended with in
jurious results in certain restricted and
well-defined areas, and that the injury
was manifested in various degrees. Such
an investigation, corrected by tiie experi
ence of past years, might prove valuable in
determining what areas are immune and
why. This would cover the elevation, the
configuration of the contiguous topog
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
rnphy, the prevalent direction and force of
winds, the character of the soil and drain
age and the kinds of fruit affected.
it should be borne in mind that the won
derful productiveness of the soil, aided by
the climate, has been determined only by
careful and intelligent experiment, that
the best results are those based on an un
derstanding of the' conditions appertain
ing to the industry and that with every
succeeding year new and : important les
sons are learned. The variety of climates
id California is as bewildering as that of
soils, but the remarkable feature of the
climate is its regularity. If a frost damag
ing to one kind of fruit occurs at any
particular place it may be expected to oc
cur again, and if long observation haß de
termined the immunity of a particular
fruit from frost at any particular place it
is safe to assume that frost may never be
expected there. It is this element of cer
tainty, as well aa that of mildness, that
constitutes one of the great advantages of
the climate.
As might have been expected, the first
reports of damage have been arreatly
modified by later reports. This is always
the case. Except in a very few places it
will doubtless be learned when the reports
have been completed that the frost has
merely saved the growers a considerable
expense required every year in thinning
the fruit, and that this, taten in connec
tion with the abundant precipitation ac
companying .the light snowfall and the
retarding effect of the cold, will add ten
times as much to the total value of the
crop as the frost detracted from it.
One thing is positive. Whatever risks
may be run in widely separated years by
very early and very late crops on the
score of frost can never affect the great
bulk of the fruit crop, which is produced
in the rainless months. This accounts for
the perfection with which fruits may be
dried in the open air, for the high per
centage of sugar and for the superiority of
raisins and wine. Many other parts of
the continent have even a milder climate
than that of the California fruit regions,
but summer rains make all the difference,
and their absence in California constitutes
the unique superiority of the State.
FOE HONEST POLITICS.
The facts which the meeting of the mem
bers of the Republican State Central Com
mittee from the Fourth Congressional
District held upon Wednesday evening
uncovered to public view with reference
to the attempted manipulation of the poli
tics of that district in the interest of the
Southern Pacitic Company show that the
time has come for citizens who believe in
honesty in politics to carry tbeir belief into
action.
When a few professional politicians,
constituting a minority of their delegation,
have the boldness to hold a midnight
meeting, without notifying their fellow
members of the committee, and by the as
sertion of possessing proxies which they
do not hold attempt to appoint the com
mittee of seven persons who shall have
charge of the primaries held for the elec
tion of delegates to the Htate Convention
from that district and after such an infamy
openly boast of their cunning, it is time
that kind of politics should receive a
rebuke.
The meeting of Wednesday evening ad
ministered that rebuke. The majority of
the Fourth Congressional delegation em
phatically repudiated the action of the
midnight conspirators and proxy-forgers
and proceeded in a regular and orderly
manner to perform the duties intrusted to
it. Thus at the very outset of the cam
paign has one notable victory been won
fqj honest politics and the tricks of the
bosses been defeated in the interests of
the Republican party and the public wel
fare.
This incident must not go unnoted by
the interior press. What nas been at
tempted by monopoly bosses in the
Fourth District will be attempted in every
Congressional district in the State where
the loyal Republicans are off their guard,
or where there is the least chance for
snch tricks to succeed. On the other hand,
what has been accomplished here to
baffle the tricksters can be accomplished
wherever there are men vigilant, courage
ous and resolved that honesty shall be
upheld. The first struggle of the cam
paign carries with it, therefore, both a
warning and an encouragement. The
rank and file of the Republican organiza*
.tion will know how to profit by both.
The battle is on, but the result is not
doubtful. It is a contest between honesty
and corruption, and honesty will win.
KESTOBING THE RATES.
In spite of the labored telegram from
New York explaining that the restoration
of the old differential between the Panama
route and the Southern Pacific was not
evidence of any disagreement between Mr.
Huntington and the Panama Railway, It
is clear that the Panama Railway forced
Mr. Huntington to restore the differential
because that road was losing business, and
in doing so compelled him to reduce rates
on the Southern Pacific to the old figure,
at the same time forcing him to reduce
rates on the Pacific Mail in order to make
it possible for the Panama Railway to do
business.
The purpose of the contract between the
Southern Pacific and the Pacific Mail on
one hand and the Panama Railway on the
other was to raise rates for the benefit of
the three companies. This raise amounted
to 50 per cent. The adjustment between
the Southern Pacific and the Panama rates
was so ingeniously made by the Southern
Pacific as to reduce the Panama differen
tial, and the result was that the Southern
Pacific carried all the freight. This roused
the indignation of the Panama Railway,
which had been already stung by charges
that it had made itself Mr. Huntington's
tool. As a matter of fact it is a most in
dependent and aggressive company.
When it discovered how woefully it had
been tricked and how it had lost all its
business to the Southern Pacific it de
manded a return to the old rates, and that
is why California is now enabled to enjoy
the benefit of that reduction. The Pan
ama Railway would have withdrawn from
the agreement had not the reduction been
made.
It will be noted that the 50 per cent raise
in overland rates was made for the sole
benefit of the Sunset route of the South
ern Pacific. The Central Pacific received
none of the benefit, as the rate to New
York by way of the Sunset and Mr. Hunt
ington's steamers, even at the increased
rate, was still better for California ship
pers than the Central Pacific with its alien
connections offered. The value of these
facts lies in their bearing on the welfare of
the Central Pacific as the property which
owes the Government a debt that Mr.
Huntington does not want to pay. When
ever there is a chance to develop business
on the Southern Pacific to the prejudice of
the Central Pacific, and to depreciate the
value of the Central Pacific as a security
for the debt which it owes the Govern
ment, we may depend upon the genius of
Mr. Huntington to discover and apply it,
as thereby he hopes to make the collection
of the debt seem all the more ill advised
as a "business proposition."
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Among the many conspicuous persons who
may be seen at the Lick House, and who in
ono way or another are molded into the his
tory of the coast, is a large man with a full
brown beard, dark clothes and uglonsy top hat.
On most all occasions he is discussing with
one or more friends some feature of mining
experience or this or that gold mine. He
owns several properties himself, and is always
ready to hear anything of interest relative to
mining. The man with the brown beard and
the silk tile is A. Harpending, who built the
Harpending block in this City.
He is the owner of the Church-Union mine,
adjoining the Church mine, in El Dorado
County, two and a half miles from the town of
El Dorado and about five miles from Placer-
A. HARPENDING, ONE OF TIIE XOTF.D CHARACTERS ABOUT THE LICK HOUSE
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.}
ville. Gossips credit Alvinza Haywaid with
having got out a million or more dollars from
this mine. One day he got angry because the
nrine tilled with water, say these gossips, and
he threw it up in disgust, believing, any way,
that he had got the bulk of the ore out of it.
But not unlike some ofher old mines, it is
said that it now promises to give big returns.
Those who tala of Harpending's luck with the
Church-Union do not forget to mention Har
pending and George D. Roberts in connection
with the notorious Arizona diamond boom,
which occurred a few years ago.
Out of it were milled large nums, lawsuit fol
lowed lawsuit, and men who lost money trying
to make a fortune out of the alleged diamond
fields had no words too savsge for the opera
tors.
Alfred Rosenholm, a Swedish engineer and
chemist employed by the Union Iron Works,
who has boon ■•ome years in this country, is
one of the familiar figures of the corridor?.
He has lately been making investigations in
reference to an underground conduit system,
and is working on the problem of getting elec=
tricity direct from heat. He said yesterday at
the Palace:
•'There are so many strange things in refer
ence to this subject that words almost fail to
tell them. When we descend into the solid
portion of the earth we find a rise of tempera
ture. This rise of temperatnre has no connec
tion with the sea level, but will be found
on the highest mountain. May wo not
trace this rise of temperature to be by virtue of
a condition of matter that all bodies possess a
difference of temperature from its center to its
surface, which varies as the weight of the
mass; it is a continuous battle between mat
ter and ether and, like the planets which are
spinning around the sun, it will never find
peace or rest.
•'This is somewhat analogous to combustion
when carbon unites with the oxygen; the in
stant the exchange of the atoms take place the
ether gets out of equilibrium, and unless its
change of motionis intercepted by doing work,
which causes a lower temperature, it disturbs
the wijole universe.
'■Tlie energy which drives our locomotives
and turns the turbine wheels at Niagara came
from the sun. The energy exerted by the sun
and rendered latent in each pound of the car
bon would be adequate to raise a weight of
ohe ton 5000 feet. How there can be so much
power in the gentle influences of the sunbeam
is one of the exeat mysteries of nature.
"I have devoted much time toa study ot the
laws of Mature and have been rewarded with
the most striking proof as to what relation
matter stands to energy. My object has been
to produce a device by which the energy of
heat can be converted into that of electricity
without the intermediacy of steam engine and
lynamo.
"I sincerely hope that the sunshinoof science
may fall upon the public, that they may realize
now indispensable science is to civilization,
progress and prosperity."
■
A TEST.
S Charlie gat at Mabel's side, -
Gazed up in her eyes; . : : . .-■:.■
Lied (as you and I have lied) V'x; ?
. Sugar-coated lies. ■'
"Knldthts." salci he. "in days of Old, • .
Loving fought and Nil] : ,;
None was there as 1 so bold, : .
None who loved so well. . .
"Poets oft have mwi« the praise
Of their ladles fair; .. • 
Not a maid of ancient days
Could with thee compare. '
"Smile, and I will be thy slave, r ; "-
Heed thy Jftaat command, ••;•; ■•
Die thy lightest pain to snve, ;. .
Worship e'er thy hand." "
Mabel sat. by Charlie's side, > ' 7. <
x Calmly took his size; " /'.
-:.^t Thought 'twas well that he be tried i i . ,
As to sacrifice. ; , ■ Vi . ■
"Nay," said she. "I don't desire *< i V. : '■: ■• .
• A tight that's grand or great, . ■.'..;- .i« y -•- ■.*;'.■
Aught to bring the<? danger aire, : '
Aught to tempt thy fate. ..:.-.
•Yon must stand one simple test "
--•' If my loveyoo'd get; - -■■-'■■■, . .
Scorn not life at my request, - . : , •
. But— your cigarette." , •*..
Easy 'Us in words to do; '.; - i '.: ."
Html to do in truth. »• / ' ; • :
Spite of ail his love so true , /, .
. Puffs still the ardent youth. ' ' ' '
. iii;-\ii.KY KHODKsIn Boston Journal.
' : ' =:■•.•■•;••-•
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS. ;
/ Salvationists Should Heed.  , ■■•
•,,. . Alameda Telegram, i; -
The , Salvation Army ■ should " jrtze 'on - the
democratic party and make an effort to get
ogether. ■ . ■'.■ -.\. -:/:.-;-..' ■'- .: ,';■•",••■ ■..•■.-
Relation of Bonds to Value. ■.
, .-: : , ' Oceanslde Bl«fl& ; '■■■■'*. ■'.•-;'.■ -. : .,'v:
I Very few. in this region seem to know that at
he recent Sheriff's sale of the Santa Fe road it
old for $60,000,000— eight times less than its
>ondeddebt. : ■ ■■>, ,v < fc;\ :. .';
3ood Citizen* Must He Protection
- ■■ .'.' .".: Santa Barbara News. ■ ■ ;J .' :> ""'' .
A good citizen to-day must be a protection
st. He must alto be loyal— first, to the great
hole, the Nation; then, to the State; the prin
jipallty; then to' the city of town; hi* home ;
If he is not loyal the Naiton crumbles, the
State loses authority and the city or town — his
home— ceases to oner remuneration for his
labors.
Ha! Ha!
liOs Angeles Record.
Who croaked?
Who said dry year?
Who has been predicting hard times?
Phow unto us the man who said he had lost
faith.
Where is the nan who knew there would be
no rain?
Philosophy From "Long Beach.
liong Beach Eye.
Three-fourths of the difficulties and miseries
of men come from the iact that most want
wealth without earning it, fame without de
serving it, popularity without temperance, re-
spect without virtue and happiness without
. holiness.
II mil i on Stew.
Bodle Mining News.
Our old friend Huutington is in boiling hot
water — a regular railroad — and we sin
cerely hope Unit he will Le well cooked.
Unwise Anger.
; . Los Angeles Herald.
The Cuban revolutionists of the Senate have
made the Spanish people of high, low and
middle degree angry. Vlt is the kind of anger
that expresses itself in mob violence against
inoffensive consulates, smoking newspaper
editorials and talk.';?;-;*
A FITTED WAIST.
The perfectly plain fltterl waist alwnys has
many devotees. The one shown here is fas
tened invisibly at the shoulder and under arm
spams, though it may be made to button in
front or lace In the back, the waist being cut
with the usual back, side body . and under
arm forms, and having four darts in front.
A striking waist was of dark green silk, with
whit* lace on the body, as shown above. Tno
sleeves were of green silk in two tone?.
Cheviots make up well after thw modal, with
a trimming of braiding. One of blue, brown,
red and white had a design in brown braid.
Various shapes in elaborate designs come al
ready prepared to sew on, such as yokes, col
lars, epaulettes, girdles, etc., and make it pos
sible to trim a dress very handsomely with
good effect, these designs being equally as
stylish as tho.se braided on the fabric.
A waist of embroidered batiste over blue silk
had sleeves of blue novelty silk, of which the
skirt was also made.
A brown cloth waist had a brßid jacket effect
in brown soutache edge with gilt. The sleeves
were of novelty silk. The skirt was of the
cloth.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR. j
Master— What did you do with the Ball?
Boy— lt went over the fence into Mr. Brown's
yard.
"Did you go after it?"
"No, sir."
"Why not?"
"Because it went through the window."—
Spare Moments.
"The next living picture, ladies and gentle
men," chanted the barker as he drew the cur
tain, revealing a lady wrapped In thought
and looking the other way, "Is called 'Retalia
tion.' So called, ladles and gentlemen, on ac
count of the lady's striking back."— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
"Is it true that she aspires to a better walk in
life?"
"I guess so. She has been studying Delsarte
steady for two years now."— Detroit Tribune.
Yabsley— Say, when a fellow calls on a gin,
should he leave his hat and cane in the hall or
take them into the parlor?
Mudge — Well, if tiie girl is living in a board
ing-house, and the hat and cane are worth
anything, I think he had ctetter hang on to
them.— lndianapolis Journal.
Jeweler— The first time you brought this
watch in here to be repaired it was in a gold
case. The second, time it was in a silver case,
and now it's in a brass case.
Customer— Yes; circumstances alter cases.—
New York World.
Now that we have the new photographic
light It won't be so hard to discover the needle
in the haystack.— Boston Transcript.
The development of the cathode ray is just
•s likely as not to knock the stuffing out of the
theater hat Joke.— Detroit Tribune.
Extract from catalogue of lending library:
"In the novels and Etortes marked with an as
terisk the happy couples get married at the
finish."— London Tid-Bits.
Statesman— l think I'll write a letter stating
that I cannot accept the nomination.
Friend— Well, I don't know. Sometimes that
kind of thing helps a man's chances and some
times it doesn't.— Puck.
PERSONAL.
Dr. P. A. Hare of Fresno is in the City.
J. R. Chace of San Luis Obispo Is in town.
Edward Ruoge of Shanghai is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Jolliffe of New York are in
town.
F. H. Harlan, a liveryman of Colusa, is in
town.
L. Williams, a manufacturer of Brooklyn, la
at the Russ.
Dr. W. H. Campbell of Livingstone, Vt., is at
the Baldwin.
W. V»". Barnes, the newspaper owner of Han
ford, ig in the City.
Bernard Higgins of San Jose is registered at
the Cosmopolitan.
B. E. Burns, a wealthy rancher of Mountain
View, is at the Russ.
W. E. Life of Denver is among the recent ar
rivals at the Palace.
Charles E. Proctor, a business man of Healds
burg, arrived here yesterday.
M. Blum, the wealthy Martinez merchant
and land-owner, is at the Grand.
Lieutenant Alfredo Navarro of the Portu
guese navy is at the Occidental.
Albert Tibbetts, a well-known horseman of
Bakersfield, is at the Cosmopolitan.
W. M. Redmond of Kobe, Japan, was among
the arrivals on yesterday's steamer.
The Vicomte de Labry, the military agent of
France in China, reached here yesterday, after
several months in China.
Captain H. B. Smith of Dartmouth and Cap
tain Mclnnes of New Bedford, both old whalers,
are at the Russ bound north to fish for whales.
D. J. Kamer of Wien, Germany, special corre
spondent of the Frankfort Daily Zeitung, who
has been on a tour of the world collecting mat
ter for the Zeitung, arrived here yesterday.
J. Ross Trainor of Marysville, whn owns two
or three large fruit orchards, and who buys
and cans fruit extensively, is at the Grand.
He has lately built a large cannery at Marys
ville.
W. T. Beward an American, who has had
some lively experiences in Honolulu in con
nection with the attempted political revolu
tion there, was among the arrivals on the Aus
tralia yesterday.
Henry M. Kingman, one of the most exten
sive manufacturers of boots and shoes in
Brockton, Mass., is at the Baldwin. He said
last night that he was here purely for pleas
ure. He will remain several weeks.
The Rev. C. Graham Gardner, an English
missionary of Japan, is at the Occidental, ac
companied by his wife and child. His health
is not good and he is returning to recuperate.
L. Manning, a mining man of Butte, Mont.,
is at the Palace.
Dr. J. Cantlie, a noted physician of Hong
kong, who is interesting himself in founding
a large medical college for the education of
Chinese physicians, is at the Occidental. The
institution, he says, is to be called the Hong
kong Chinese Medical College. Eighty thou
sand dollars has already been subscribed for it,
$40,000 by the people and .$40,000 by the
Government, and now Dr. Cantlie is going to
England to try and raise $40,000 more. He
says Li Hung Chung is much interested in the
college, and is backing it to a considerable
extent. ______________
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., March s.— Among re
cent arrivals are: J. H. Ames, B. I. Thomas,
Imperial; K. Saunders, Grand; F. Watson,
Warwick; J. 8. Phelps, Westminster; H. B.
Wood, St. Cloud.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
RIVAL, BATTLE-SHIPS. '
Efficiency of the Keabsaege and Majestic
. . \ Compared.
To the Editor of Vie San Francisco Call—
I read in a recent Issue an article copied from
a Boston journal entitled "Still Ahead." The
method adopted by the writer of determining
the relative fighting efficiency of the two
vessels is to give tho weight of the projectiles
thrown by one dischargeof the guns. To make
his point he gives figures which are erroneous .
to start with, as he credits the Kearsarge with a
battery of twelve 8-inch guns, whereas she
is only to carry four. On the other side he
gives the Majestic twelve 12-pound rapid
firing guns, whereas she carries sixteen. Cor
rected, tne Kearaarge will : carry forty-eight
guns of various calibers, the Majestic > forty
four. The aggregate weight of one discbarge
of the Kearsarge will be 5266 pounds, the of
the Majestic 4828. ', • " ..
If the ships in question could determine the
result by firing but one round the comparison
would stand. But it is absolutely certain that
two powerful armorclads would be engaged
much longer before a decisive result was ob
tained. Therefore the one-round method of
determining the fighting efficiency is valueless.
The surest and only feasible method of com
parison is to ascertain the aggregate weight of
projectiles thrown by all the guns in a period
of time approximating that of a probable en
gagement. Below this is done, and by it it Is
quite evident that the advantage of possessing
(to quote the article) "the all-essential charac
teristic of battery power," the pre-eminence
rests with, the Majestic and not with the Kear
sarge. .'. .
The apparent superiority of the Kearsarge
disappears after the firing {of the first round,
lost Dy the length of time requited to load and
lay the guns of - the Kearsarge as compared to
those of the Majestic, the latter possessing the
vast advantage of having an armament of
rapid-fire guns alone. Those' of tne Kearsarge
being rapid fire for the 5 ; inch and 3 and
I pounders, the 12 and 8 inch guns, being ordi
nary slow fire. '" '. \ -..-'■' •■•■-
The gain lies mainly with the 6-inch Els
wich rapid-fire guns of the Majestic, capable of
being fired from eight to tnirteen times per
minute. In this comparison the period of
time set is thirty minutes. It does not alter
the result if a shorter or longer period is set
except that the longer the action the greater
tne advantage of the Majestic. .
11 -_ --* .• -art •- -«M- -^^—J*?-,-^--.--™^^^-*^^!.."! -'. .
4 12 inch R. F....
12 6-inch H. ■*.....
16 12 -pounder R. V.
12 3 pounder K. F.
GCNS.
48 guns. Total
4 12-inch
4 H-inch
14 6-inch R. X ....
20 6 pounder R. F.
j 6 1-pounder K. F.
G CKS.
3,400
1,200
102
onu
discharge.
6,226
3,400
1,000
700
120
8
metal
ono
1 shot every 76 sees.
8 hliois pvery rain.
1 20 shots every mm.
30 shots every inlti.
Kate of rartldlty
lire each gun.
MAJESTIC.
shot 1
1
10
every
every 30
Kate of i » • ■ i ■ : ; ■ v
tire each xmi.
KEARSARGE.
81,600
288.000
115,400
311,400
weight of metal
thrown In
30 tnins. firing.
84,000
210,000 30,000
10H.000 210,000
5,400
thrown in
30 mliis. firing:.
Thus in an action lasting thirty minutes the
Majestic would fire 130,000 pounds of projec
tiles more than the Kearsarge. EPS
San Francisco, March 3, 1896.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Speaker Reed is the victim of a crank who is
In the habit of writing long communications
to him on postal cards. The crank begins on
one card and his writing on other
until a single letter sometimes covers a dozen
cards, which he mails separately.
Tho portrait of Pocahontas which hung in
the Woman's building at the Chicago World's
Exposition has been purchased by H. S. Well
come.au American resident of London. He in
tends to present it to the United States Senate.
Mrs. Kate Brownell enlisted in the First
Rhode Island Volunteers at the time of the
Civil War. Thin was her husband's regiment;
she was color-bearer. Mrs. Brownell is now an
attendant at one of the colleges of Central
Park, New York.
According to M. Jules Claretie the next at
tempt made by M. Zola to enter the French
Academy is likely to succeed. M. Zola will
offer himself as a candidate lor the seat of the
late H. Dumas, who had for years been urging
M. Zola's election. When arguing upon this
subject with an opponent, and reminded of the
coarseness of tf. Zola's work, M. Dumas used
to say: "Would you vote agaiust Rabelais .if
he were a candidate?"
SHE PEDDLES KITTENS.
A negro woman named Mary Fletcher, who
lives near Sacramento and Jones streets, makes
her living at one of the oddest of occupations.
It is that of raising kittens and peddling thf;m
from house to house. Most people would think
that there would be uo demand for the ani
mals and that such a business would not pay,
but Mary, as she is called by ncr customers,
has been engaged in it fox a long time and
says that she can sell more kittens than she
can raise. She says thai she always gets good
prices.
The kind of kittens that Mary sells are not
what would be termed fine breeds. In fact the
breed is a matter of little importance to her
customers, and the descendant of some
common nignt-howier would most likely be
selected in preierence to a nne, aristocratic
Maltese. Mary does not ask high prices for her
kittens, and under most circumstances will
take what she can get. The lirst time she calls
at a house she may say that she wants 50 cents
tor a tortoise-shell tubby. 2 months old, but
before she leaves she may part with it for la
( ' * ■ n ts
Few of the kittens are destined to pose as
parlor ornaments, or to luxuriate on a velvet
rug before an open fire, but generally become
the property of children who want something
Mary Fletcher, Who Raises and Sells
Kittens.
[Sketched from life.]
"live" to play with. The kind of life th«
kitten leads depends altogether on the dispo
sition of the child that becomes its owner. It
may grow up into a respectable house cat, but
the chances are that "something dreadful" will
happen to it, and the child will want a new
kitten in a few days.
Where Mary gets the kittens is a mystery, but
she says that she raises them herself and
guarantees them to be well behaved. When
she takes them from house to bouse she car
ries them in a large willow basket that looks
as if it was brought from New Orleans just
after the war. The kittens poke their heads
from beneath the cover whenever they ha^'e a
chance, but do not seem the least inclined to
escape. Mary always speaks kindly to them
and bßndles them gently when oiferinjf them
for ?ale, but does not seem to have any regard
for them after the has sold them, and the more
that meet with disaster the more she can sell.
Most of Mary's customers live in the vicinity
of Pine and 'Leavenworth streets, and she
makes regular calls at certain houses where
she knows the children are numerous and
boisterous and kittens don't last long. If
Mary calls at a house when- she is well known
and there is no demand for kittens, .she asks
if she can have some "cold vittles," and gen
erally gets them.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Meriden— R. T. G., City. M'riden, Nebr., is
in Dawson County.
Linotype— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal. Lino
type is a contraction of line of typeij
Freckles— J. A. R., Sun Lorenzo, rtal. There
are any number of preparations which are
claimed to be "sa:e ior the removal of
freckles," but such ouelit not to be used with
out the advice of a competent physician, for
whatmay be harmless in one case'may be in
jurious in another.
Berlin— C. J£, City. Frederick the Great
reigned from 1740 to 178b. From the 9th to
the 13th of October, 1760, during the Seven-
Year War, the city of Berlin was occupied by
the Austrian and Russian troops, who, under
the command of General Lacy, entered the
city, laid it under contribution "and destroyed
the magazines.
Forcing Water— C. H. P., Cornwall, Contra
Costa County, Cal. No greater force is re
quired to fill a tank from the bottom than from
tne top, providing the llow from the pipe fill
ing it from the top is no higher than the level
to be reached by filling from the bottom, and
that in both instances the same forcing power
and the same sized feeding pipes are use*!.
If, however, the feed from the top is higher
an increased pressure is required for every
inch above the level referred to.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend'a."
• — ♦ — •
Special Information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Preii
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
* — «. — «
Old Mrs. Chaffle— Johnnie, how many times
have I told you to stop that noise?
Johnnie (reflectively)— Seven.— Texas Sifter.
The benefits to be derived from a good medicine
in early spring is undoubted. To purify th« blood,
overcome that tired feeling and gain strength
lake Hood's Sar«aparllla.
• — # — •
Coronabo.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft;
and mild, and 13 entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60 ; longer stay $2 50 per day. AppL?
4 Sew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
NEW TO-DAY.
OF
REAL ESTATE
AT AUCTION!
SATIRM, MARCH UUOOJI.
BY THOS. MA6EE & SONS,
AS A WHOLE:
GEARYand LARKIN
120 FEET S(jU4RE-3 FROSTS.
Rents $485 a Month.
120 feet front on south line Geary «t. ;
120 feet front on vrest lino I.arkin si. ;
180 feet front on north line Myrtle ay«.
2 CO..NEKS-3 FRONTS,
Covered with dwellings and stores.
Kents 5485 per Month.
WILL BE SOLD TO THE HIGHEST
BIDDER,
Subject to Confirmation by Superior Court.
Further information at office of
THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
4 Montgomery St.
THOMAS MAGEB, Referea.fl'-iDAY MARCH 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldtttk Thkateb.— "King Lear."
California Thkatkb— Marsick.
Colombia Tbkater— "A Railroad Ticket"
y..no«-o's OrEHA-HorsE — "The Midnight
Fk>o;l.-
-1 ivoti Oi-ERA-HofSK.-"R!p Van Winkle."
(■■HPHEt-K,- Hich Class Vnudpvilie.
f;rovFK'« AHA7AR.- ••Bohemian Gill."
Thk a rmTonivM— Corner of Jones and Eddy
streets— SoiD&OlenCy. Thursday evening, March
12, -Maternaancl Ondrlcek.
Mechanics' I'avimoS— Bicycle Tournament.
shoot tiif. Chitks— Daily at Haight street,
eve tlock east of Th» lark.
Pi-ciric Coast Jor-KKY Ci.ru.- Race*.
AUCTION SALES.
By WrtiiAM .T. Dissfk- Saturday, March 7.
Oakland snri Alnmoiia Keal Estate, at salesrooms,
460 and 462 Kisrbth street, Oakland, at 2 o'clock.
By Thos. >!a«ee— Saturday, >!arch 7, Real
at salesroom, 4 Montgomery street, at 12
oYlock.
By Yon Kheis Co. — Tuesday, March 10,
Bef.l Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
n 1 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF,
An Episcopal church is about to be built at
Bouth Sau Francisco. > *
The Hibernia Bank has secured judgment for
$4500 against W. J. Jury.
' S. M. Spedon entertained a large audience at
the Young Men's Christian Association.
■•' Mrs. li. H. Luse nas been elected president of
the/board of directors of the Irvington Semi
nar y.
Charles T. Cook filed a bill tor divorce yes
terday against his wife Emily.' Infidelity is
charged. B£fl
This evening in the Temple Emenu-El Rab
bi Voorsanger will lecture on "A Tale From
■\Vestininster Abbey." "
The Weather Bureau forecasts for San Fran
cisco and vicinity generally fair weather, with
westerly winds, to-day.
The will of Louis J. Rurnno, leaving his en
tire .'state to the woman who was supposed to
bo his widow, has been broken.
The pupils of the Girls' High School are
producing a play, with an illustrated book of
the words, in French and English.
The San Francisco committee on commerce
met yesterday and adopted measures looking
toward the reduction 01 pilot fees in the port.
The trustees of the estate of Mrs. Theresa
Fair are suing the City and County and Tax
Collector Block for $28,445, taxes paid under
protest.
The A. P. A. convention completed the elec
tion of officers aud delegates yt-sterday and en
tertained the executive committee of the W.
A. P. A.
Ingieside track reopened yesterday. The
winning horses were: Gordon, Collins, Sir
Ya->.ir, My Luck, Moboiasea, Shieldbearer and
Pat Murpny.
Statistics compiled by the Board of Health
show that deaths among" children are decreas
ing in number, presumably owing to rigid
milk regulations.
According to facts ascertained yesterday,
C. P. Hunnngton :* playing a clever and suc
cessful game ot iiveze-o'ut against the Panama
Kail road Company.
The petition of the property-owners oi Bay
View, South tan Francisco, for the removal of
hog raueh.s :n their midst will conic before
tne Supervisor.- to-day.
The facilities of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company are not only inadequate to handle
through" ireitfht, bu;"are inadequate for tlie
Central American traffic.
V. Wo, proprietor of a restaurant opposite
y Hail, was arrested yesterday ior car
liquor into the City Prison, which he
sold at a profit to "trusties."
The will of Gerrit Lansing, late comptroller
of the Southern Pacific Company, was filed for
probate yesterday. He lefi his estate to his
wnlow and his n^other in equal shares.
Sidney V. Smith end others are suing to have
the recent election of directors for the Dona
hue road set aside. He wants to be declared
elected in the j .ace of P. X. Lilienthal.
The Pa^arra Railroad company has made a
demand on the Pae::ic Mail Steamsaip Com
pany, to 1 it jii a rate of 30 cents per 100
le on ;hroug:i eastbound ousiness.
; .m;ly of Rosie Oliver (nee Brady) are
;:ig for Ler and her husband. They say
tinder the marriagable age, and Oliver
1 himself when he swore to her beinglß.
'. hile the riggers were at work on the
• r Jc.'iki N. Ingalls yesterday the mast
. and James Groves was crushed to death,
t vo men were injured aud a boat and the deck
smashed.
The council of the Geograpnic Society of the
Pacific, at a meeting held yesterday, tookpteps
to warn all northern stations to look out for
Profewor Andree and his balloon expedition
:o the north pole.
Elizabeth Dillon, the servant-girl charged by
J. 11. Cardozn, 35 Dorland street, with stealing
three diamond rings, was acquitted by Judge
Joachimsen yesterday, as there was 'no evi
dence against her.
galv&tion Army officers were yesterday in
receipt of letters from Commissioner Eva
Booth asking for their lcyal support and
prayer 5 -. The officers of the army in Canada
also sent a letter of sympathy.
The dead chief of the gypsy settlement on
Fifteenth street was a mem. er of the Church
of England, and be will be btiried with its
rites. He forsook country and friends to join
the fortunes of his gypsy bride.
Bridget Dunn hr.- been granted a divorce
from Joseph Dunn on the ground of deser
tion. She is a Catholic and wished her chil
dren to be raised in that faith, and the trouble
that followed parted the couple.
Kmma Cleverly, a young woman who was ar- i
retted on a charge of grand larceny for stealing '
?40 from .'ami'.e! Jackson of Klainath Falls
iontns ago. was acquitted by a jury in
Judge Belcher's court yesterday.
The Street Commit cc of the Board of Super
jfts Instructed the Superintendent of
Street* to warn street railroad companies to
be pavements about their tracks in re
pair on pain of forfeiture of franchise.
J. A. Filcher, secretary and maaager of the
State Board of Trade, received yesterday a
sample- of dried oaves from Southern Callfor-
I be sender claims that this dried fruit is j
highly nutritious and suited fur a regular diet j
J. A. Sehafer is on trial before Judge Wallace j
for assault to murder. He shot two times at
his wife and wounded her so badly it was
thought at first that she would die. She
wanted to testify in bis favor bin was not al
lowed.
There are sixty boats engaged in crab-fishing
in Esn Francisco bay. The total yearlf-eateh
Is over 2.500,000. and it is feared that the crab
will be exterminated. The Fish Commission
will recommend that a law be passed to pre
serve this fish.
William Cooney, alias Mapuire, charged
with having entered the House of Mrs. Magcie
Donovan, 2 Ritch street, on February 2-4,
pleaded guilty in Judge Campbell's court yes
iterday to petty larceny and was sent to the
Coiinty Jail fo"r six months.
gten are to be taken by the Merchants' As
sociation toward laying an electric line on
Montgomery street, and the Superintendent of
Streets Asftworth. has promised to co-nperate
with that body in the biturninizing of certain
cobbled streets in the downtown districts.
Mrs Susan Coon, 927 Howard street, sen
tenced last July to six months in the County
Jail and confirmed on appeal on February 10,
was caDtured by Officers Hoi brook and Jlc-
Murray, of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, yesterday, and taken to
the City Prison.
NEW TO-PAT. __ . _ '
(picura
y^- / the great
SKIN 'GURE
tthe great
SKIN CURE
I Instantly Relieves
;, TORTURING
-C~Sh Skin Diseases
And the most distressing forms of itching.
burning, bleediug. and scaly skin, sea p, and
blood humours, and points to a speedy cure
■when all other remedies and the best physi-
,'cians fail. ' - ■ __ i- '■'.!-'
Speedy Cure Treatment.— -Warm baths, ;
with CVTlcuitA Soap, gentle applications or
Cuticcea (ointment), and mild doses of CU-
ticuea Kesoi,ve>t (the new blood purifier).
Sold throtjfhont the world. British depot! T. «w-
B«p.r ft Eo«i>. I, King Edwird-«U London. Pott«B
Psva amd Cu«m. C«/xr, 8oi« r««»., Boitoa, U. #■ A. „
CRUSHED UNDER A MAST
James Groves, a Rigger, Met
Sudden Death on the John
N. Ingalls.
WATCHES A COMRADE AT WORK
The Stays Gave Way and the Stick
Fell, Making a General Havcc
of Things.
Through somebody's carelessness one
life was sacrificed on the schooner John S.
The Schooner John N. Ingalls, Whose Mast Fell Yesterday and Crushed James Groves to Death.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist]
lncalls yesterday and two men were in
jured.
The foremast was old and rotten and an
attempt was made to instep it. When
the stays were loosened it fell und crushed
the life out of James Groves, a rigger, who
lived on Vicksburg street, near Twenty
fourth.
The accident was a peculiar one and
was due in a creat measure to the rotten
ness of the mast. J. J. Hairside, who had
charge of the work, had the shears with
which the spar was to be instepped erect
ed early in the day. The task was Con
sidered a risky one, bu: very little precau
tion was taken to guard agnnst »n acci
dent.
When everything was ready Gus Mali
trus, employed by Hairside as a rieger.
was sent aloft to adjust the stays in order
that th. mast might be unloosened at the
bottom. He made his way rapidly up the
mast while a crowd on the wharf and sev
eral people on the vessel's deck watched
his progress. Among the people on the
deck was Groves.
"When Malitrus was almost at the end of
his climb the stays gave way and the ma3t
fell with a crash. The rigger realized his
danger in an instant and sprang from the
foremast into the rigging of the main
mast. He lost his hoid, however, and fell
to the deck, sustaining a severe contusion
of the side and an abrasion of the leg. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and
treated, after which he went to his home
in East Berkeley.
Groves saw the mast coming and tried
t> getaway, but was pinned to the deck
before he could make his escape. His
back and both legs were broken and he
died a few minutes after fcaving been ex
tricated. His body was taken to the
Morgue.
la its course the mast smashed one of
the boats into splinters and crashed
through the after deckhouse. Mate A. B.
Anderson was in the cabin and had a nar
row escape. He had resigned his position
and was packing his belongings prepara
tory to going ashore. He had just put on
his hat when the mast crushed through
the cabin and knocked it off his head and
gave him a severe scalp wound. He was
attended to at an adjoining drugstore, and
after getting his things ashore went away
congratulating himself on his narrow
escape.
The Ingalis seems to have been in very
hard luck of late. It is not long ago that
she arrived here from Mexican ports very
short of provisions. When off the Farail
oncs aJI that there was left aboard was
some flour and brackish water, and on
that the crew had been subsisting for over
a week. When she wa3 docked it was
discovered that her masts were dryrotted
and would have to be replaced before the
schooner could sail on another voyage.
While this was being done the fatality
occurred.
"TRUSTIES" GET DRUNK.
V. Veso, a Restaurant Waiter, Arrested
for Carrying Liquor Into the
City Prison.
V. Veso, waiter in a restaurant on Mc-
Allister street, opposite the City Hall, was
arrested yesterday morning by Captain
RobinßOn and booked on the charge of
carrying whisky into the prison. He was
released on $300 bonds.
Captain Rouinson had been noticing for
some days that the "trusties" 1n the
prison were in a condition of semi-intoxi
cation, and one of them was so drunk on
Wednesday that he had to be locked up in
a cell. A search was made and several
empty flasks were found hidden under the
mattresses in the beds of the "trusties."
Several more were found in a cell where
buckets and other utensils were kept.
Suspicion fell upon Veso, who supplied
meal 6to prisoners able to pay for liiem,
and yesterday morning, when he entered
the prison with his tray, he was searched
and a flask of whisky was found in his
pocket. He confessed that he had been
hupplying the ''trusties" with the liquor.
He charged them a liberal commission,
eometimes 100 per cent. He will not be
permitted to supply meals to prisoners
any more.
PATIENCE REWARDED.
Mrs. Susan Coon After Nearly a Month's
Siege is Arrested.
Mrs. Susan Coon, 927 Howard street,
who in July last was sentenced in the Po
lice Court to six months' imprisonment for
cruelty to Elmer Johnston, a boy living
with her, has given the officers of the So- j
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to ;
Children considerable trouble.
She appealed to the Superior Court from
the sentence, and on February 10 the
judgment of the lower court was affirmed.
She was out on appeal bonds, and when i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
judgment was given she hurried home
and defied the officers to take her out.
Since then the officers have adopted all
sorts of devices to get her to leave the
house, but she was too wary to be caught.
Yesterday afternoon Officer McMurray and
Holbrook were gladdened by the sight of
her leaving the house, and 'they immedi
ately pounced upon her and took her to
the City Prison. She will now have to
serve tier six months' senttnee.
FASTIDIOUS ORB.
He Is Given a Change of Quartern
to the Alameda County
Jail.
Charles W. Orr made a successful plea
before the United States District Court
yesterday, asking tbat his quarters be
changed from the County Jail in thi3 City
to the Aiampfta jail. Orr is one of the
most cruel second mates who have ever
sailed into port. On March 4 he was sen
tenced to one month's imprisonment for
nearly beating to death a sailor named
J. W. Smith.
In his plea Orr claimed that the local
jail was filled with filth and murderers,
neither of which he cared to mingle with.
Then again he claimed his health was
being seriously impaired by the bad
sewerage.
JEWELER SCHMIDT GONE.
Locks Up His Store, at 1034 Mar
ket Street, and Departs
Secretly.
His Liabilities Are About $18,000, Half
of Which Is Due Local
Creditors.
Peter P. Schmidt, a jeweler who has
been doing business at 1034 Market street
for several years, is missintr, or, rather, is
absent, for there is no mystery regarding
the reason of his departure.
Creditors holding biLl<« amounting to
about $15,000 or $18,000 would like to
know more regarding his affairs.
It is not known just the date of Schmidt's
departure, but it is thought that he locked
up his store and left about the first of last
week. For some time his affairs have
been unsatisfactory to his creditors.
Efforts were made to get some kind of a
settlement, but no action was taken till
last Friday, when a Deputy Sheriff came
down on the place with a writ of attach
ment. Then he found that the jeweler
had plumed himself for flight and went
well loaded with the contents of the es
tablishment. The store was literally
emptied of everything of any great value.
Diamonds, watches and a large number of
other costly articles that were known to
hare been in stock had disappeared with
the disappearing proprietor.
It is not yet known how mnch Schmidt'B
liabilities are. but it is known that his
debts to local firms will reach $8000 and
that he owes Eastern jewelry firms an
equal sum. His principal creditors here
are: Carrau & Green, A. Green, A. Eisen
berg ft Co., A. I. Hall & Son. E. Hirsch
field & Co., Nordmann Bros., Armer &
Weinshenk, California Optical Company,
L. A. Giaccobbi, George Greenzweig & Co.
A member of the firm of Carrau & Green,
220 Sutter street, stated yesterday that
Schmidt's failure and flight amounted to
downright felony, as he carried away all
the valuable stock in his store. Warrants
will be sworn out for his arrest, and he
will be charged with defrauding his credi
tors.
Attorney A. Heyneniann, who represents
the Eastern firms, stated yesterday that it
has been known for some time that
Schmidt's affairs were not in a good con
dition, but it was not expected that he
would get away with the plunder and so
smoothly.
Take it all together it is considered a
remarkably successful clean-up, and it is
thought that the creditors will realize little
or nothing in the settlement.
SATURDAY'S GAME.
The Interest Still Growing in the Boys'
Brigade Football Content.
The game to be played at Central Park
on Saturday afternoon between the Boys'
Brigade Second and Fifth Regiment teams
promises to be one of much interest. The
teams have been practicing daily, and a
close contest is expected by the supporters
of both regiments. Many of the pro
fessionals about the bay will watch the re
sult with interest.
Bob Plater, fullback on the Stanford
team, says of Bishop and Davidson, half
back of the Fifth: "By the time they
reach college they will make Varsity men
in their first year." This speaks well for
the Fifth's boy p.
Middlemas, playing guard in the Olym
pics, will act as umpire, and W. B.
Hughson, who played tackle on the Mari
etta College team, will be the referee.
The colors of the Second Regiment are
blue and gold, and that of the Fifth Regi
ment red and gold. The First Brigade
band, B. ti. C, has been hard at work pre
paring for the occasion, and the grand
concert at 2:30 will be worth hearing.
Among the number of pieces selected for
the concert is the famous "King Cotton
March." At the Oakland Exposition this
band was Highly praised by the manage
ment, and especialJv for the perfect man
ner in which it rendered "King Cotton," it
being encored twice on this piece. Rain
on shine a large and enthusiastic crowd is
expected.
The Second Regiment team and the
band will arrive at the foot of Market
street at 2 f. h.
NEW EPISCOPAL MISSION
South San Francisco Is About
to Build Itself a
Church.
FIRST IN THE COMMUNITY.
At Present the Town Has No Place of
Worship— Tasteful Plans Are
Accepted.
Work will be commenced in the course
of the next few weeks on the first church
in South San Francisco. It will be an on.
pretentious but pretty building, resem
bling in general outlines the chapel at Cy
press Lawn.
For several years past efforts have been
made by different denominations to arouse
enough popular interest in the spiritual
needs of the town to result in a church
being built, but Rev. George Wallace of St.
Margaret's School, San Mateo, is the
clergyman who has finally succeeded in
getting together the funds and mating ar
rangements for erecting the first church
building within the limits of the town of
South San Francisco.
Some months ago Mr. Wallace was ap
pointed by Bishop Nichols to carry on a
mission in South San Francisco. Services
were held in Pioneer Hall, and before long
le Episcopal Mission Which Is About to Be Erected at South San Francisco.
a church organization was effected with
thirty members andaSunday-BChool num
bering over fifly pupils.
About six months ago Mr. Wai 'ace con
sidered that the time was ripe to take ac
tion toward establishing the mission in a
building of its own. An enthusiastic
meeting was held in Pioneer Hall and
temporary organization was effected for
the raising of funds. Rev. George Wal
lace was unanimously chosen to be presi
dent, E. E. Cunningham was made vice
president and George R. Sneath treasurer.
The new society adopted resolutions
pledging itself to raise fundsfor buildingan
Episcopalian church in South San Fran
cisco, and W. J. Martin, R. K. Patchell and
Charles Johnson volunteered to be a com
mittee to collect funds. Ever since the or
ganization there has been a great amount
of enthusiasm in the little town over its
proposed church. All denominations i^nt
a helping hand and subscriptions came
pouring in at such a rate that enough
money has now been subscribed to defray
the expenses of building.
The South San Francisco Land and Im
provement Company lias donated a lot 50
feet by 140 feet at the corner of Grand
and Spruce avenues, on condition that
the trustees build. The title deeds will be
delivered over as soon as the church is
completed. The same company has also
donated the sum of $150 toward the build
ing fund. George R. Sneath, W. J. Mar
tin and Herbert B. Maggs have been
elected trustees and the building, when
completed, will be held in their name.
The plans adopted resemble in general
effect the chapel at Cypress Lawn, but
there will be less stone in the building.
The length of the church will be 50 feet,
its breadth 36 feet ami its altitude from the
floor to the roof of the main building 40
feet.
At the side will be a spire, which will
rise to a considerabiy higher altitude.
The church will be placed in the middle of
the lot. There will be two entrances, with
a drive at tiie south side leading to Grand
avenue. Near the north entrance, some
little distance from the church, will be a
carriage shed for stabling the br.ggies of
the faithful who live at a distance from
the church. The carriage shed will be 18*
50 feet.
Wood and stone are to be the materials
used in the construction, and it is ex
pected that the building will cost from
$1200 to $IjoO, though if more money comes
in than is anticipated the church will be
made more costly.
South San Francisco has a population of
675 inhabitants and there is considerable
interest in the community over the tirst
church in the town. At present the Rev.
George Wallace is in the East, but worlc
will be commenced on the building im
mediately he returns.
WITH BRONZED NATIVES
Or. G. A. Le Fron'i Self-Sacrificing
Work at Delhi for the Moham
medans and Hindoos.
Dr. G. A. Le Fron of Cambridge Univer
sity, England, who has been seventeen
years at Delhi, Northern India, engaged
in educational and religious work, is at the
Occidental.
He arrived yesterday on the Australia,
broken in health, and is going home to re*
cuperate.
"There are forty of us over there,'' he
said, "including six bachelors. We carry
on a general religious and educational
work in Delhi and in different parts of
Northern India. We also have a large
hospital which we have recently com
pleted at Delhi and nave en extensive
medical work, which is carried on by
women.
"I have labored so long and so arduously
that now my health is broken. I had to
give it up in October last and I shall stay
in England till I recover.
"The Mohammedans and Hindoos have
quit the fighting which they carried on so
viciously some months ago, but they hate
each other just as bad as ever. They are
also about as superstitious as formerly. It
is hard to get them out of it. Rtill, our
people are getting alonsc as well as could
be expected in toe educational and reli
gious work. Tak« it all together, we are
yery well pleased."
Dr. Le Fron will only be here a few days.
He is anxious to get back to his home,
from which he has been absent so many
years. .^____________
SPARROW NOT A GYPSY.
The Mantle of Authority Falls
Upon the Shoulders of
His Son.
The Dead Chief Forsook Country and
Friends for His Gypsy
Bride.
The little gypsy camp on Fifteenth street
is in mourning.
Romany stoicism is not proof against
the loss of the patriarch and leading spirit
of the tribe, who lies on a sable bier in the
most pretentious tent of the settlement.
Even George Sparrow, next to the eldest
son of the dead chief, to whom all turn for
counsel, could not restrain his tears as be
talked of the dead man.
It is understood that unless the oldest
member of the family, Richard Sparrow,
who lives in New York, consents to come
West and assume those duties the mantle
of authority will fall upon the shoulders
of George.
Thus far all efforts to communicate with
Richard have been fruitless.
Mrs. Sparrow, the widow, went to Oak
land yesterday to make such business ar
rangements as were necessary for the
funeral. Friends and relatives watched
with the dead.
It was a romantic story that Mr«. Bath
sheba Warton of San Jose, a daughter of
the dead chief, tells of her father's life.
'My father was not a gypsy," she said
between her sobs. "He was an educated
man, and at several times in his life was
wealthy. He was mate on an English ves
sel running between Liverpool ana New
York, and on one of the voyages he met
my mother, who was coming to America
with her parent*. Though she was little
more than a child, he fell in love with
her, and shortly after they arrived in New
York.
"My mother soon tired of the confine
ment of city life. She longed for gypsy
freedom and persuaded my father to join
her in wandering with her tribe. They
had a handsome home just out of New
York, but she was never contented there
when they spent a few months there in
the interim of their travels. He lost that
with other of his property through specu
lation. He gave up business and all the
ties of the life he was used to to please my
mother, and they lived thus for forty
years. Mother was the first gypsy who
came to California, and I was the firstborn
here."
William Sparrow was a member of the
Church of England. W. A. M. Breck,
associate rector of tne Church of St. John
the Evangelist, was with him when he
died and will conduct the burial service.
GEEEIT LANSING'S WILL.
Bis Estate Left to His Widow and
His Mother.
The will of the late Gerrit L. Lansing,
comptroller of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, was filed for probate yesterday. His
estate is valued at over $10,000. It is sup
posed to be worth over $100,000.
He leaves a lot on Ninth street to his
mother, Mary R. Lansing, and a lot on
Pacific avenue to his wife, Mabel 0. Lan
sing. The remainder of his property, he
directs, shall be given to his wife and his
mother, one-half to each.
The will 13 dated June 21, 1890. The
executors are Edward C. Wright, James
08. Gunn and J. Otto Heppner,
"The Ninety and Nino."
Ira D. Banker will, by special request, sing
his famous hymn, "The Ninety and Nine,"
this evening in the hall of the Young Men's
Christian Association. The service and re
ception to be tendered Mr. Sanicey and George
C. Stebbins this evening will be open free to
the public and commences promptly at 8
o'clock. Several City pastors will be present
and participate in the meeting.
California Psychical Society.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will lecture at Golden
Gate Hall, Sutter street, this evening, at 8
o'clock. Subject, "The EToluticm of Mind."
Tickets 25 cents. •
DEVOTED TO THEIR FLAG
Communications to Corps Com*
manders of the Salva
tion Army,
SYMPATHY FROM CANADA.
Eva Booth Says Her Heart Is Broken
Over the Recent Trouble and
Calls for Prayers.
The Salvation Army officers are in fre
quent receipt of communications from
National headquarters calculated to con
firm them in their loyalty to the flag.
The captains of the several stations yester
day received the following circular letter
from Commissioner Eva Booth:
The Salvation Army National Head-)
quarters, 120-124 W . Fourteenth street, >
New York City, February 26, 1896.)
My Dear Comrade: Now that the general has
appointed me to the command of the United
States until the arrvial of the new^commis
sioners I hasten to place myself In your hands
in this season of deep and heart-rending sor
row to be of what service God can enable me
to push forward the salvation of souls.
It has piven me untold comfort in this ter
rible storm to receive assnrauces of loyalty
irom the brigadiers, divisional and field staff.
Every hour brings rue from all parts of the
field testimonies of the sorrow felt on the one
hand and of unswerving loyalty on the other.
1 will therefore confine my first letter to you
to expressing a few heartfelt feelings suggested
by the circumstances of the hour:
1. Do not be influenced to a final decision
on the whole case until the general's return to
England, when he has promised to fully con
sider and decide upon the issues involved.
2. Remember, that heavy and bitter as is the
blow that has lallen upon you, which 1 fain
would have shielded you irom had it been
possible, it cannot be as painfnl as for those of
his own lamily, who would gladly have laid
down their lives to avert ihe disaster.
3. Let me ask you to fix your mind upon the
principles at stake. Should the general make
one law for America and another for India?
apply one law to his son and another to his
brigadiers and field officers ? These questions
lie at the root of the present distress, and it is
to preserve the unity of the whole army that
the general has felt it right to decide and act
as he has done.
4. Be true to your pledges. The gaze of the
whole world is fixed upon America, and
especially on its officers, at this hour. I be
lieve in you. I believe it because of your past
faithfulness and devotion, because of struggles
through which you have lought and because
of the victories won for the cause in the past,
and because you know tne power as well as the
grace of obedience.
5. Stand by the army. It Is world-wide in Its
unity, benevolence and purpose.
6. Be careful to avoid encouraging any party
or personal feeling. Cultivate the gift of love,
speak evil of and think evil of no one.
7. Have faith in God! We shall overcome.
But we can only do so by fighting in the con
fidence that our principles are divine.
8. Give me your trust. I am alone. My
heart is broken. This command has been sud
denly and unexpectedly given me. I feel my
responsibility, and I want to bless you and
help you aud guide you.
0. Pray for me. Write me concerning your
sorrow. " I am a sharer of it, and with what
consolation I receive I shall give, and I am
tture I need not, ask you to continually remem
ber before the throne our beloved general— the
father of our movement. His spirit will be
torn— his heart lacerated. Our prayers and
love must sustain him.
I pray that the God of all grace and peace
wilt fill you with consolation, and the power of
the Holy Ghost give you courage and desperate
faith, and while the waters of this grief beat
rudely around us unity shall be our strength
while y e stand 'neath the shadow of the cross
and the wave of the Salvation Army flag.
Kely upon me as your sister and comrade in
this holy war for God, America and the world.
Eva C. Booth. Commissioner.
The following, also, conveying the sym
pathy of tne army of Canada, signed by
seventy-eight officers, was received:
The Salvation Army, Territorial Head-)
quarters, james and albert streets, >
Toronto, Ontario, February 25, 1895. j
To- Chi r Comrade Officers of the United States—
Dearly Beloved Comrades: We have learned,
with the profoundest sorrow, of the resignation
from the army of Commander and Mrs. Bai
lington Boo:h, who, until a few hours ago,
were your loved and successful leaders.
With tbe difficulties leading up to this we
have no desire to interfere. Under any cir
cumstances their withdrawal from us must be
a sad and irreparable loss.
We address yon now only to assure you of our
affectionate arid sincere sympathy iv the heavy
trial through which you are passing. We are
in the better position to sympathize with you.
because.we have passed through the same sort
of difficulties. W e have had the press and the
enemies of union arrayed against us. We have
had to combat the evil influences of misunder
standing and misrepresentation, but God has
ever and always come to our assistance and
vindicated us before the world.
We are now more than ever thankful that in
those hours of distress we stood by the old ring
aud fought for our world-wide principles. We
feel sure you will do the same. We are bound
together by ties of brotherly love and comrade
ship which the world knows nothing about.
V» c pray for you as only those can pray whose
hearts have been welded together in the fires
of iiffcction and persecution, Tie not dismayed !
God will, we are sure, show himself strong in
your Deualf. Remember, there is a silver lin
ing to every dark cloud, and good may yet
come from the incidents of the past few days.
We are sorry that it Is not possible for us to
be by your sides to render that service which
our hearts yearn to do; be assured, however,
that we are with you in spirit, and that we
travail in soul for the great army of warriors
which, under the good hand of God, you have
been instrumental in raising up; that he may
preserve them from anything that would make
ii harder for them to serve God or support the
lofty principles in which we have all gloried
from the beginning.
CouLt on us to carry on the war in Canada
till we greet you with a shout in the morning.
Vodka, a sort of whisky made in Run
sia, exceeds in alcoholic strength tbat of
any other whisky.
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mks. i- r.\ kntink Krki.ino, Proprietor & Manager
TO-KTIOUT
Superb Production of Planquette's Romantic Opera
"RIP
VAN WINKLE!"
' SPLENDID CAST!
• New Scenery!— —^Correct Costumes!
—NEXT WEEK
. The Merry Opera,
"THE BOOZjAS!"
SONG DANCE FUN.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stockton and Po-ratl.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
AN IMPOSING NEW BILL!
8 NEW PEOPLE! -^-8
WILLS AND COLLINS,
ALBURTUS AND BARTRAM,
THE ANDERSONS,
THE DE FILIPPIS,
- THE PANTZERS
And Our Renowned Vaudeville Co.
: Reserved seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c: Ogera oaatn
and Box seats. 50c.
FOR CHARTER
THE STEAM TUG BARCLAY GOLDEN,
' Formerly called Katie O'Nell,
Is now . bound from ■ Panama to this port and ■ ex-
pected to arrive hereabout March 10. This steamer
is fitted I with cabin \ berths . tor ; five \ passengers,"
niessroom and j necessary accessories ; carries j fuel
tor fifteen nays' constant steaming.; Being a safe !
and comfortable seaooat is well adapted for private
excursions to Alaska and other distant points- 7
Engagement solicited . for towing, excursions or
passenger service. ■; ; \ ; ;• ~ \y ■':':"
PACIFIC MARINE SUPPLY COMPANY, '
■^t 204-206 Calif ornla.'st, .
DUFFY'S PURE ;<
FOR MEDICINAL USE
no FUSEL oil
! You can take nothing better for
Colds, Chills, Grip or Pneumonia.
Insist upon your druggist or
grocer furnishing it and take no
other. Pamphlet by
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.,
Rochester, N. Y.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
Ax. Ha yuan & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
SECOND AND LAS r "WEEK-MR.
FREDERICK WARDE
And His Excellent Supporting Company.
TO-NiarlT AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
"2SIXNG- IjEAR."
Saturday, :
"«TT7XjXT7S C.aSISA3FL!"
EXTRA! ~~~~
MARSIOK
The Great Parisian Violinist.
At the CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT (FRIDAY), March 6.
BRILLIANT VIOLIN RECITAL!
Seats Now Selling at Theater.
At the Baldwin Teteatkr. Sunday Evg, March 8
Grand Orchestral Concert!- 1 —
MARSICK and Orchestra of 40 (Auo. Hinrichs
Conductor). •
Seats for Sunday Night Concerts now ready at
Baldwin box-orlice. Popular prices, 50c to $1 50.
NEXT WEEK— Monday, March 9,
HOYT'S
A
MILK
WHITE
FLAG.
Seats Now Selling.
TRICOLAnOtR.OOTTLOD* <?• u»MAni)run*ctß»-"
ONLY MOKE
A PERFORMANCES
FEW LEFT
. COME AND SEE
FREEMAfTS FUNMAKERS
"A RAILROAD TICKET"
Nothing Like It Since Methuselah.
SPECIAL— This Afternoon at 3.
ROSEWALD MEMORIAL CONCERT!
Monday Next-EUGENE O'ROURKE in
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN."
- ■ a
S^ ALCAZAR
SUPERB SUCCESS OF THE
"BOHEMIAN GIRL!"
CARLETON OPERA CO.
Night Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, sOc. No higher. .
Monday, "Charity Girls" and "Mikado"
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Louis Ea-jran's Success,
"THE MIDNIGHT FLOOD!"
THE MAIN FEATURE— Exact Representation
of a Thrilling Episode of the Jamestown Flood.
Special Engagement of GIl-BERT and GOLD lE,
the Up-to-Date Comedy Team. .
£VF>*lJf« PRlru— 2s3 and 5^3.
J"etnlly Circle and Gallerr. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sun clay.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
March 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11.
BICYCLE TOURNAMENT
AND CYCLE SHOW!
OVER $3000 IN PRIZES I
BICYCLE GIVEN AWAY EACH
NIGHT AS A GATE PRIZE.
ALL THE CRACKAJACKS
CONTEST IN THE RACES.
ALL PRINCIPAL DEALERS COM-
PETE IN TH*5 CYCLE SHOW.
Admission— Afternoon 25c, Evening; 500 '
Children Under 13 Half Price.
- Kg" Sal a of seats will begin at Sherman & Clay's .
Wednesday, March 4. at 9 a. m.
THE AUDITORIUM,
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets. •
Frledlander, Gottlob & Co., Lessees and Managers ■
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE ON SATURDAY.
THE ONLY SENSATION! '
ANNA JSTSJ-A. •JPATSTI
The Wonder of the XIX Century, '■ presenting the
Weird, Wonderful,' Interesting, Amusing and - '-
Mysterious Entertainment, including ■
Her Latest Oriental Sensation, "SOMNOLENCY."
Popular Prices— lsc, 25c and 50c.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Fb itcdi.a n i ikr. Gottlob & Co.,Lessees<&ManaKers
The Greatest of All Musical Events!
.'■;;• -Engagement Extraordinary of ,
____ - MATERNA —^— — —
- The World-Renowned Wsirnerian Singer, and
. ; ; * . — -ON D« I X ■
The (treat Bohemian Violinist.
* ISIDORE LUCKSTONE, Pianist.
: Two Concerts Only— Thursday Evening, March 12, •
. Saturday Matinee. March 14. .. • ■ ■-• • --,;
| " Sale of seats will begin at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
music-house on Monday.* March 9, at 9 a.m. -
Reserved Seats— soc, 1, $1 60 and $2.
EXERCISE IS HEALTH! -
Shoot the Chntes and Trip the Trolley!
Afternoon and Evening, Weather Permitting.
ADMISSION -10 CENTS.
Children (including : Merry -Go- Round Ride), 100.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
, • (RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION SI. OO. .
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving; at 12:40 and 1:15 p. it
Fare for j round trip, including admission to grand
stand, «1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELSk W. S. LEAKS,
■■■■' President. " ■■ ' ~ Secretary. .-'.;■
78
PLAYING A GAME
OF FREEZE-OUT
The Panama Railroad Com
pany Is Huntington's
Latest Victim.
A MYSTERY IS SOLVED.
Why the Southern Pacific Is
Apparently Hostile to the
Pacific Mail.
RATES MAY AGAIN BE REDUCED
Anothtr Demand Made by the Ally
of the Pacific Mail— lts Help
less Position.
Collis P. Huntington is again demon-
Ftrating that he is entitled to bis boast of
being "the man who has never been
thrown." His victim this time is the
THE LONG TRAIN OF TRUCKS WAITING THEIR TURN AT THE PACIFIC MAIL DOCK.
Panama Railroad Company. He has
that company underneath and he is in a
position to keep it there just as long as he
pleases, judging from the present outlook. I
On Tuesday last The Call published the j
fact 3 showing that a bitter and determined
rate war on eastbound business from this j
City to New York had been inaugurated j
apparently between the Panama Railroad :
Company and the Pacific Mail Steamship j
Company on one side and the Southern ;
Pacific Company and its railroad allies on j
the other. Recent developments, how
ever, show that the only sufferer in this
contest is now and is likely to continue to |
be the Panama road.
As the situation is now, with but a $2
differential between the all-rail route and ;
the isthmus route, not a ton of freight is
likely to be offered to the water-line car
riers.
From a shipper who is deeply interested
in through freight, it was learned yester- |
day that the Panama people have asked
their ally, the Pacific Mail, to put into
effect before the 7th inst., when the next ;
steamer leaves here, a 30-oent rate on east
bound business. The rate at present is 40 j
cents per 100 pounds. With a 30-cent rate '
in operation, there would be a difference
of $4 per ton between the rail rates and the !
steamer rates, and it is thought this will i
divert at least some small quantity of j
business to the water line.
K. H. Hinton, general agent of the :
Panama, confirmed the report that his j
company had asked fora 3o-cent eastbound
rate, but Manager R. P. Schwerin of the j
Pacific Mail said, late yesterday afternoon,
that he had not been officially advised of i
such a demand, and could not, therefore, j
tell what would be done toward putting j
such a rate into effect.
liut even if this rate is put in, the strain
in the situation will not by any means be
relieved, and before harmony is restored
there will nave to be a complete readjust- '
ment of rales. This can only be accom- ,
phshed by making rates that will give the i
steamship people a differential of not less |
than $5, as was the case prior to 1893, when i
the Pacific Mail had complete control of j
the Panama route traffic between San
Francisco and New York.
Considerable speculation has been in- '
dulged in touching the peculiar situation '
of affairs, which apparently places C. P. j
Huntington, president of the Southern !
Pacific Company, in direct opposition to j
C. P. Huntington, president of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company.
To the uninformed and disinterested ob- |
server it appears as if Mr. Huntington i
were using his railroad property to injure j
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and !
through it the Manama Railroad Company, j
But Mr. Huntington is tooshrewn a finan- j
cier and manipulator to indulge in any sucn I
unbusinesslike practice. He is, according !
to facts ascertained yesterday, simply try
ing to play a game of freezeout acainst the
Panama Railroad Company, and would j
have been completely successful but for !
the prompt and energetic action of the !
Panama people.
Shortly nfter the contract between the
Pacific Mail and the Panama road was
signed, last December, both rail and
steamer rates were advanced, leaving a
difference of $3 between the rail and water
routes, the latter, of course, quoting the
lower schedule. This differential, it was j
found, failed to bring business to the Pan- I
atna route and, despite tne fact that the j
recently signed contract provides that the
Pacific Mail should furnish a certain ;
amount of tonnage to the steamers of the j
Columbian line on the Atlantic side, the i
Pacific Mail failed to do anything to In
duce freight to move via Panama. This
inertia brought out % demand from the
Panama people for a reduction of the 60
--cent rate between San Francisco and New
York to 40 cents. After a correspondence
extending over two weeks the Pacific Mail !
finally acceded to the request of its ally
and announced such a rate to go into
effect on the steamer to leave on the 7th j
inst. All the benefit that ought to
have accrued from this action was pre
vented, however, by the prompt retalia-J
tion of the Southern Pacific, which put in j
a rate of 50 cents per luO pounds.
In a conversation with Manager ,
Schwerin of the Pacific Mail that gentle- j
man stated that the present misunder- '.
: standing between tiie railroads and the
I steamship lines which operate via Panama
i was caused by the impatience of the Pan
j &ma Company. He claimed that the 60
--j cent rate Had not been given a fair test at
i the time the Panama people insisted on;
the reduction to 40 cents, ana that this j
reduction had forced the railroad com
pany to strike its heavy blow cm Monday.
When asked whether the Pacific Mail :
was in position to handle freight for New
j York, Mr. Schwerin replied that on the
! steamer which left last for Panama be
! tween 400 and 500 tons of througu freight i
could have been carried, but that there j
was little movement at the present season j
in castbound freight. He added that the j
steamer to leave Saturday next would j
have been able to take 500 or (iOO tons of \
freight had it not been for the reduced
rates pin in by the railroad.
But shippers have a vastly different tale j
to tell. At no time for many months, i
they say, have the steamers of the Pacific !
.Mail been able to accommodate even the
bn&inesa between this City and Panama '
and way ports, let alone through business. !
How the merchants feel on the matter is j
clearly shown in the statement made yes- j
terday dv one of the largest s-hippers to j
Central America. This gentleman said |
the grievance of lack of shipping facilities j
afforded by the Pacitic Mail to Central
American ports was oue of long standing, i
He then continued:
The I'acific Mail has certainly undertaken to j
do more than It can accomplish wnon it offers i
to carry through freight to New York on its i
steamers that leave here. 'Why, the present !
service of the company is entirely inadequate [
to handle the freight offered now for Central
American ports alone. There are two reasons
lor this. One reason is that their steamers are
not large enough or they hsve not enough of;
them; ana the second Is the lack of dock ca- j
parity. The last two steamers from Panama |
brought through cargoes of New York freight, j
They were discharged at the Pacific Mail dock j
and their cargoes tookup the entire room on |
the dock. This prevented the steamers from
receiving Central American cargo until all
this freight was hauled away. The Central
American business reauires that freteht shall
be very carefully packed and that strict atten- !
tion be paid to all the details of shipping. I
There are long invoices to be made out in the I
Spanish language, and it requires a good j
week's time to prepare some of the Central
American shipments. By the steamers not |
having adequate dock room and not receiving j
freight until two days before sailing the mer- j
chants are greatly ' inconvenienced, because
their goods cannot be shipped in proper con
dition with these drawbacks. The necessary
papers cannot be made out for lacK oi time.
and to ship even what we do necessitates
keeping our offices open all night for one or
two nights before the steamer's departure.
In New Yorfc and other ports all steamship
companies receive freight whenever it is offered
to them and are only too glad to get it, but the
custom here is a most provincial one, requir
ing as it does that freight shall only be offered
certain days before a steamer sails.
Now as to the incapacity of their steamers.
On the steamer tbat leaves Saturday we de
sired to ship about fiOO tons of freight for
various Central American ports, but couid only
secure the privilege of shipping 800 tons. The
left over freight will only be tflken on subse
quent steamers, some of it not until the third
steamor after this one.
How in the face of this they can undertake
to handle any eastbound New York freight I
cannot see.
That the Pacific Mail Company has come
at last to a realization of its dockage in
capacity is shown by the application ithaß
made to the Haibor Commissioners for
the use of the Lombard-street pier for New
York freights. The matter was considered
by the Harbor Commissioners yesterday
anu the secretary was instructed to com
municate with 'Goodall, Perkins & Co.,
who now have the use of Lombard pier,
and ask them to have a representative
present at the next meeting of the board.
It is proposed to give the Pacific Mail the
use of one-half that dock if such an ar
raneement can be made.
This lack of dock facilities is also a great
nuisance and inconvenience to the dray
men who haul the freight for shippers,
and a visit to the Pacific Mail dock yes
terday showed a long line of trucks and
drays stretched outside of the wharf, each
drayman impatiently waiting a chance to
get "rid of his load. This continued nearly
all day long, and is a scene that occurs
every ten days, two days prior to the sail
ing of each" steamer for Panama. It is
further claimed by shippers that these in
adequate provisions for handling Central
American Dusiness is tending to drive that
trade in part to other ports.
All mystery regarding the apparent hos
tile attitude of Mr. Huntington's Southern
Pacific Company to Mr. Huntington's Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company disappears
when it is shown that the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company is in a position to
make vastly more money by being de
prived of through eastbound business than
by having to give up some of its space
to it.
And this can be readily seen to be the
case when it is known that Central Ameri
can business pays from $8 to $20 a ton, and
that throucb freight only costs, under the
present schedule, $8 a ton, 56 per cent of
which, or $4 40, goes to the Panama Kail
road Company. It is therefore a choice,
so far as the Pacific Mail is concerned, j
between carrying freight that will return j
it from $8 to $20 a tonor freight that will i
give it but $3 GO.
And Mr. Huntington is cleverly utiliz
ing his Southern Pacific Company in such j
a way as to prevent any possibility of Ihe j
Pacific Mail Steamship Company being
asked to accept any through eastbound j
business.
Meanwhile the Panama Railroad Com
pany's steamers on the Atlantic side con
tinue to sail from Colon with plenty of j
space for through New York freight which j
never comes.
=====
Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday afternoon
met and lined William Douglass, e ntjiueer of
engine 19, five days' pay for sleeping on his
waich, and T. Dri^oll, hoseinan of engine 16,
ten days' pay for remit ining away from his !
quarters all uisrht. The resignation of Peter
Costa of truck 2 was accepted.
• — ♦— •
A French railway company has ordered i
clocks to be placed on the outside of every j
locomotive.
A French railway company has ordered
clocks to be placed on the outside of every
locomotive.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
DRIED OLIVES FOR FOOD.
People Can Live Well on This
Diet for Five Cents a
Day.
MAY PROVE A NEW INDUSTRY.
The State Board of Trade Is Preparing
a Novel and Attractive Wine
Exhibit.
Manager J. A. Filcher of the State
Board of Trade has received a communi
cation of rare interest from Southern
California regarding the raising of olives
for drying purposes.
If dried olives possess all the qualities
claimed L>y their advocate a new industry
may be developed in this State and eco
nomical persons be farnisbed with a food
product, palatable and hightly nutritious,
which will cost not more than 5 cents a
day.
W. S. Manning of Ballard, Santa Bar
bara County, has sent a sample of the
dried fruit for the inspection of the Board
of Trade. He contends that no product
on earth contains as much of the ele
ments of nutrition necessary for the sus
tenance of the boay as a ripe olive. The
dried fruit will of course contain all these
qualities, and all that is necessary to ren*
der it pleasant to the taste is soaking and
salting it.
The oil of the olive is equal to meat, and
the pulp is as good as bread.
"The idea o? drying olives originatedin
Europe," said Mr. Pitcher yesterday, "and
frugal people have lived on this dried
fruit in the countries of Spain and Italy
from time imm emorial.
"This is the first time, however, that the
industry has been introduced into this
State. The pickli ng of ripe olives origin
ated in California, and the superiority of
the ripe in preference to the green oiive
pickled is conceded by all who have eaten
them. People were highly surprised to
find the ripe fruit finely flavored after
being treated in the usual way.
•'Three or four years ago there were
only 300 or 400 gallons pickled in this
State. Now you can safely assert that
there are tens of thousands of gallons.
The demand has ever grown in rapid
increase over the supply, and to this time
the supply has not been large enough to
warrant sending to the Eastern markets.
Pickled olives sent there have met with a
warm reception. There is, in fact, an un
limited demand for the ripe pickled
olives."
Near Sacramento they are planting an
| olive orchard of 280 acres, and in Southern
California one grove of 300 acres is being
set out.
W. S. Manning is the pioneer of the dried
olive in this country. He has a large
orchard down in Santa Barbara.
He says he finds that a nickel's worth a
day seasoned with other fruit amply suf
ficient to nourish a man for a hard "day's
work. He finds people not fond of them
at first, but after eating them awhile
they acquire a taste which prompts them
to prefer dried olives to any other diet.
The fruit resembles dried prunes, but lias
a peculiar flavor.
The Board of Trade in installing its ex
hibit in its new quarters is preparing one
feature heretofore lacking by proposing to
make a strong and attractive exhibit of
California wines independent of the regu
lar county exhibit. The idea is Mr. Fil
cber's.
"No exhibit of California products in
my estimation," said he, "is complete
without wine being a chief feature. This
State produces 60 per cent of all the wine
produced in the United States. The inten
tion is to make this a very prominent and
attractive exhibit.
"Along the entire length of the rear end
of the room I have caused to be made
eleven large frames with plush on the
bevel and burnished gilt moldings. These
are 3 feet by 5 feet. In each one of these
frames one producer is given space to ex
hibit his bottled wines.
"Above the row of frames a series of
electric lights will reflect down on the
wines. A card on each frame will give
the name of the producer.
"The California Viticultural College has
promised to furnish us abundant aid in
the perfecting of this idea."
A dispatch was received by Mr. Filcher
yesterday afternoon from Charles J,
Brooks of New York City, which reads as
follows:
J A. Filcher. State Board, of Trade: Mark
Stone states proposed California State Exposi
tion closed its doors. Your article was effect
ive, beat letter to-day. Full particulars.
Charles J. Brooks.
"I sent a statement through Jeffreys,
A. D. Montague," said Mr. Filcher,
"which was published in the New York
Sun. I said in that article that no reputa
ble person and certainly no representative
body had any connection with this under
taking and knew nothing whatever about
it. The originators advertised that their
headquarters were at the Mills building
and that their agent was Wells, Fargo &
Co, but I made inquiries and found that
neither the Mills building people nor the
express company knew anything about
them.
"Letters have been flooding the State
about this tning and many people have
subscribed for space. Their whole scheme
was to sell space and they cared not a
whit whether there was an exposition held
or not. I bave telegraphed to W. H. Mills
and he said he had no dou bt as to the reli
ability of the teleeram."
MARRIED UNDER AGE.
Family of Rosie Oliver Nee Brady
Anxious to Find Her and
Her Spouse.
The big brother of 17-year-old Rosie
Brady is very desirous of laying hands on
one Emmanuel E. Oliver who procured a
marriage licence yesterday on the strength
of his oath that Rosie was 18 years of age.
Oliver is a man about 35 years old and
the family o f the girl declare they have
found out that he has been thrice married
in the past. His two first wives are deau
and he is divorced from the third.
Royie disappeared on the night she was
married and no trace can be found either
of horor of Oliver.
John Brady, her brother, reported the
case to Ollicer Holbrook yesterday morn
ing. He stated that Oliver was a contract
ing painter and that he had been under
Oliver's employ. Oliver had been stopping
at his mother's house, 143 Minna street,
for several days, and on Monday
Oliver, Rosie, himself and a young lady, a
relative, had gone to the Orpheum. After
the theater they had supper together.
The girl disappeared after this with Oli
ver. A marriage license was granted by
the clerk, and trie two were married by
the Rev. Mr. Fuendeling.
Ihe brother said that Oliver had been
told distinctly that Rosie was 17. He
thinks that Oliver came to their house
simply to ingratiate himself with the fam
ily trie girl.
The girl's family in following up the
record of the man claim to have discov
ered him to have been connected with the
abduction of a girl from Sacramento.
Oliver's headquarters were on Market
street, near the Jerries. A policeman tele
phoned to General McComb that he had
found a sign in that locality with Oliver's
name on it.
The family intend to prosecute Oliver
for perjury in swearing Rosie to be of a
marriagable age, and the brother swears
to make it otherwise unpleasant.for him.
FEWER CHILDREN DYING
Results of a Rigid Inspection of
. the City's Milk
Supply.. .
Arguments That Will Be Used by the
Board of Health on the
Supervisors.
Secretary Godchaux and Assistant Sec
retary Zobel of the Board of Health have
just finished the compilation of a mass of
figures tending to show that the rigid
system of milk . inspection established . by
the present board has largely decreased
the death rate < among children in this
City, and that Inspector Dockery's work
has been of vast, importance to the Health
Department.
. These figures will probably be used as
an argument to convince the Board of Su
pervisors that the additional milk inspec
tors which the Health Department desires
to appoint are necessary, and that the in
terests of the public health demand that
these offices be created.
The most prevalent diseases among chil
dren > that can be traced to an impure or
adulterated milk supply are cholera, en
teritis, marasmus and inanition, the latter
being traceable more to . insufficient
strength in milk than to any other cause.
Inspector Dockery has beeD in office
about five months, and a comparative
statement of the deaths among children
from the diseases, mentioned during his
incumbency and of the deaths for the five
months preceding his appointment has
been drawn. It is as follows:
Previous to Dockery 'a appointment:
>'—»:•- ■>- • Maras
mus
En- and In-
Chol- ter- anl
era. ltis. tion.
May 3 7 17
June 6 11 13
July... .1H 9 29
August..... .....12 10 18
September.... ..9 11 30
Total 48 49 107
Since Mockery's appointment:
Ociober A 13 31
N0vember.......;.... A - 7 21
December 8 10 '20
January 3 10 15
February  14 21
Total 14 44 108
The difference appears greater when it is
understood that the death rate from the
disease mentioned is naturally larger dur
ing the cold months of the year than it is
I in the warm season.
The scarcity of typhoid cases is also
noted by Dr. Parramore, who states that
the water used to dilute milk usually
comes from the ranch well into which ty
phoid germs are quite likely to find their
way from the tilth of the cattle pens. The
requirements of the new ordinance in re
lation to the; strength of milk has pre
vented the use of such copious quantities
of water as were formerly introduced into |
the milk. ■;:
PROTESTED TAXES.
The Trustees of Mrs. Fair's Estate
Want Some Money Bark.
The trustees of the estate of Theresa
Fair are suing the City and its Tax Collec
tor for the recovery of taxes, paid under
protest, on the personal property left by
Mrs. Fair.
The amount sued for is $28,445. and the
parties suing are John \V. Mackay and 11.
V. Dey.
The property assessed improperly, it is
claimed, consists of bonds held in New
York. These were 1855 $1000 bonds of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
Arizona, valued at $1,855,000, and twenty
seven $1000 bonds of the West Shore Rail
road Company of New York, valued at
$27,000. \\ hen the Assessor first inspected
the estate he was satisfied with including
only $3000 worth of household furniture,
owned by the estate, but the Board of
Equalization added the bonds afterward.
Subsequently, however, the assessment
was reduced $600,000 by striking off 600
of the bonds of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, leaving 1226 at a valuation of $1,225,
--000, and the $27,000 worth of other bonds.
The City tax rate for the year ending
June 30, iß9ti, was set at $1 56V£ and the
State tax rate at 6&}>i cents, lhis made
the City taxes $20,0ttf 30 and the State
taxes $8781 70. These amounts were paid
into the Treasurer's office on November 19,
1895, and at the same time a written pro
test was filed, setting forth a variety of
reasons why the taxes should not be paid,
and notifying the Tax Collector that he
and the City would be made responsible
for the amount.
The points of the protest are made part
of the complaint. It is alleged that the
bonds taxea are not in this State, nor are
the companies which issued them located
in this State, and therefore they are not
liable for taxation here.
A Wagner Concert.
The San Francisco Symphony Orchestra will
render the following Wagner programme this
afternoon at 3 :30 o'clock in Golden Gate flail :
Overture, "Egmont" (Beethoven); vocal, aria
from "William Tell" (Rossini), Miss Caroline
i^chindler; intermezzo, "Cavalleria Rusti
oana" (Mascagni): vocal, (a) "Jocelyn 1 '
(Godard), (b) "Kose Guerdon" (Chad wick). Miss
Caroline Schindler; overture from "Flying
Dutchman," "Elsa's Dream" from "Lohen
grin," funeral march, "Goetterdammerung,"
and march from "Tannhauser" (Wagner).
Preparations have been made to give Gou
nod's "Hedempiion" March 31 at Metropoli
tan Temple by the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra and the San Francisco Ortorio
Society.
A perfectly proportioned man weighs
twenty-eight pounds for every foot oi his
height.
PILOT FEES DISCUSSED
The Committee on Commerce
Adopts Measures for
Economy.
FAT INCOMES OF THE PILOTS.
In the Interest of the Port's Pros
perity a Bill Will Be Prepared
to Reduce Them.
An interesting report on pilotage in this
port was read yesterday before the San
Francisco committee of commerce in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce. The
report came from a sub-committee and
was adopted, with its suggestions and rec
ommendations, for a new system that
would secure lower rates of pilotage in the
harbor."
Reviewing the subject the sub-commit
tee stated:
The amount of money which the pilots actu
ally collect and the amount which the present
law authorizes them to collect are widely dif
ferent. This is due to a system of discrimina
tions iv the collection of pilotage. One result
of the tiresent extravagant pilot monopoly is
that the pilotß seek to fortify their petition
and to head off and keep down opposition by
means of widespread preferences in the col
lection of pilot charges. A .ship-owner who
possesses political influence or who is known
as a vigorous man and likely to give trouble is
relieved from paying a large portion of the
pilot fees the law says he should pay. The
pilots Bimply do not collect the full amount.
A regular system of differentials has been thus
built up by which the powerful are favored at
the expense of the weak. It is unnecessary to
point out the evil of such a system. It would
be much better for the community if the pilot
fees were rigidly collected from all alike to the
full amount allowed by law.
In an investigation into the pilot charges
held by a committee from the State Legislature
in 1883 it was brought out from the books of
the Pilot Commissioners that the pilots col
lected for the year 1882 the gross sum of
$198,625, or nearly $10,000 for each of the
twenty pilots. During the same investigation
the system of discrimination practiced t>y the
pilots under the name of rebates was also
shown. Your sub-committee saw no reason to
conclude that the amount of pilotage collected
now was any less than the amount collected
in 1882. There had been no reduction in the
charges and no exemptions from pilotage since
that date. On the contrary, a certain class of
vessels— to-w it: coasting vessels under reg
ister—which were then able to avoid the pay
ment of pilotage have since been compelled to
pay. Your sub-committee, therefore, was led
to conclude that the amount of pilotage col
lecteU now was as great as in 1882, unlus»the
commerce of this port had greatly declined
or the system of discrimination above referred
to had been greatly extended.
A request for information was sent to
the Pilot Commissioners last December,
and the following reply was received and
read yesterday:
Hugh Craig Esq., Chairman Sub-Committee on
Pilotage, Committee on Commerce— Sir: To your
note of December 20 we reply. Some 01 the
information desired by the committee on com
merce in reference to pilotage we are unable
to furnish. However, all that could be gath
ered is forwarded you herewith.
The pilot-boats are owned by the pilots.
The Commissioners are expressly forbidden by
law from having any interest in the boats and
are only required "to ascertain that they are
maintained in a seaworthy 'Condition, and are
safe and suitable for the pilot service. Conse
quently the cost of maintenance of these boats
could only be ascertained from the private
accounts of the pilots. ■
No return is made of the nationality of the
ships or vessels from which pilotage is collected
or whether they are enrolled or registered.
There is no ; pilotage ■ collected from any
American vessel sailing under an enrollment.
The number of pilots in the service for each
of the past eleven years was twenty. . .
The actual earnings of the pilots for that
period was $329 88 each per month.
The number of : pilot-boats in commission
for the same period was four, viz.: The Lady
Mine, costing $15,500; America, $18,000; Bo
nita, $19,000; Gracie S, $18,000.
There are employed on each boat five sailors,
whose wages are paid from the earnings of the
pilots.
The net and gross earnings of the pilots for
the last eleven years were as follows:
GROSS EARNINGS.
1884 • $141,312 21
1885.... 129,40993
1886 1b9,76793
1887..... 117,025 34
18b8.. 166,687 64
1889.... 144,284 49
1890.. 134,872 62
1891 138,732 57
1892 156,903 38
1893 • 154,417 30
1891 • 142,369 38
Total *1>604,672l > 604,672 79
Average yearly...... 145,879 00
NET KAKXINGB.
1881... 569.589 81
1886 ..;.:........ 66.354 57
1886..... 70.748 47
.1887............ 60,043 61
1888... 85.108 11
1889 .- -80,645 68
1890..... 72,129 72
1891....... 109,608 48
189.: •• • 88,786 76
1893 87,098 23
1894................... 80,80044
Total «870,&83 68
Average yearly 79,171 00
The difference between the gross and net
I earnings is $733,289. This sum comprises the
I pilotage charges returned to ships, the mainte
nance and repairs to boats, office rent, etc.
RECAPITULATION.
Gross earnings for eleven years $1,604,672 79
Net earnings for eleven years. 870,883 66
Actual earnings : of each pilot per
m0nth......:...:.:.... 329 88
Yours respectfully, At Murphy, Secretary.
; The report continues :
An examination oi this ;.. statement of the
Pilot Commissioners reveals some striking
facts. First there is a remarkable shrinkage in
the amount of pilotage collected since 1882.
Between the amount collected in 1882 and the
amount collected in 1887 there is a difference
of $81,000. This difference is far too great to
account for upon the theory of a shrinkage in
commerce; and since there has been no reduc
tion in pilot fees, it is only reasonable to con
clude that the system of discrimination in the
collection of pilotage had been more widely
! extended. By such methods the pilots sought
; to maintain their monopoly. Alter 1887 the
amount of pilotage collected begins to Increase
and to betray a tendency to ret urn to its former
proportions.
The yearly average of the gross pilotage col
lected for the eleven years given in this state
ment is $145,879. The ■ yearly average of the
net pilotage is $79,171, leaving the | enormous
difference of $66,708 for operating expenses
for each year. It does not mitigate this state
ment to say that some of this has been re
turned to vessels. There should be none re
turned. If the pilot charges are so high that
the pilots voluntarily return some of the
money collected, the rates should bo reduced
bylaw. It should not be left to a handful of
men^to levy toll upon vessels! passing the
Golden Gate or to remit that toll at their own
sweet will and for their own profit. This is not
what a pilot system is created for. Further
more, this $66,708 does not include the whole ;
of the subsidy in the form of rebate which the
pilots pay. . "... , .
But taking the. figures of the Pilot Commis
sioners themselves and accepting as true that
there is merely a yearly average of $79,171,
divided among the twenty pilots, the pilots
have " each received, according to the - above
statement, the sum of $329 88 for each month
of the eleven years covered. : After deducting
the enormous reb.ates and discriminations and
extravagant ' allowances for expenses, the
pilots still, according to their own statement,
pocket a clean little ■ income of $329 88 • per
month. When it is considered that the highest
wages paid to the | master of a coasting, vessel j
is $125 per month and that there are twenty
pilots to do the work which ten can easily do,
the compensation is seen to be out of : all pro
portion to the services rendered. -• ■•..-. .'■ ■■ ■
In this connection it may be said parentheti
cally that there is a practical ': object lesson of
the overcompensation •of {pilots in the fact
that pilots Bell their commissions .at . irom
$3000 ;to i $6000 : apiece. Whenever,- for • any
reason,' a pilot wishes to retire from the ser
vice, he ii able, by the aid of a little | political
diplomacy, to name his own successor, and for
so doing he invariably charges , from ; $3000 to
$6000 by way of compensation. , "'ilVilMllHfr'jl'
'• Whether the whole of the amount remains
in the pocket of the retiring pilot or some of j it
finds its way into the pockets of persons sup
posed to have influence over the appointment
of pilots 5, is "■ not • material ; the fact that the
money is paid shows that the returns from
pilotage a.re considered to be so much in ex
cess of : the v services t rendered ;as•; to give the
position of pilot a market value ; of , a pretty
considerable amount. ■ ;:;.;;; >^-
-' As compared with these extravagant: figures
your sub-committee has -made; an estimate of
the amount necessary to maintain, under
rational provisions of "law, a pilot service at
this port adequate for all the necessities of its
commerce. And. first, in this connection,
your sub-committee calls attention to the fact
that, under rational pilot laws, ten pilots are
enough to do all the work of the port. In
former years, when tnere was greater need of
pilots than now, the number was kept at
fifteen, and it was raised to the full limit of
twenty, allowed by law, simply to relieve the
then Pilot Commissioners from the nuisance
of being bothered by applicants for positions.
Ten pilots, selected for efficiency and not of a
superannuated age, can readily do all the
work actually necessary to be done at this
port.
Your sub-committee hoWs that $200 per
month is an exceedingly liberal compensation
for a pilot. The highest wages paid to ship
masters on this coast is $125 per month, and
the duties of a pilot require no greater skill or
intelligence than the duties of the master of a
first-class sailing vessel.
With this standard in view, your sub-cora
mitteu submits the following estimate of the
necessary expense of a pilot service for this
port per year:
3 0 pi: ots at r_'4oo per year $24,000
Cost of maintaining pilot-boats 18,000
Salary of Pilot Commissioners 3,600
Salary of secretary or clerk 1.200
Oilice rent and sundries 600
Total $47,300
Your sub-committee calls attention to the
fact that this estimate is #100,000 less than the
amount given in the statement of the Pilot
Commissioners as the average yearly amount
actually collected, and is more than if 150,000
less than the amount of pilotage collected in
1882. In estimating the compensation of the
Pilot Commissioners and their secretary or
clerk, your sub-committee has kept in mind
that under the provisions of the proposed law
submitted below the Commissioners would re
ceive a large sum from the fees for granting
special pilot licenses.
Your suo-committee believes that any meas
ure to regulate the pilot fees of this port should
take into account the fact that it has become
the custom for vessels passing through the
Golden Gate to do so in tow, and that when in
tow a pilot is altogether superfluous. The
masters of tugboats belonging to this bay are
as good pilots as the regular pilots themselves;
and where a vessel has secured the services of
one it seems to your sub-committee to be an
unnecessary burden to make the tessel pay
for both. In framing the following outline of
the proposed amendments to the State law
governing pilots your sub-committee has kept
this in mind.
It is also to be borne in mind that the com
petent master of a steamer regularly trading
with this port who has, upon examination,
shown himself thoroughly familiar with the
harbor, is much more competent to pilot his
steamer than is any regular pilot with equal
knowledge by reason of the lact that he knows
his own steamer best and can best handle her.
Your sub-committee recommends ' that
amendments to the pilot laws of this State be
drafted which will embody the following
features:
First— For purpose of classification pilots to
be designated as general and special.
Second— The number of general pilots to be
reduced to a maximum of ten ; the reduction
to be brought about by the simple process of
not making appointments to till vacancies as
they occur.
Third— The masters of all tugboats regularly
cruising the waterß of this bay and the ap
proaches thereto to be examined by the Pilot
Commissioners and licensed as special pilots.
Fourth— The masters of all steamers and
steam craft regularly trading with this port to
be examined by the Pilot Commissioners and
licensed as special pilots.
Fifth— The masters of all sailing vessels reg
ularly trading with this port to be examined
by the Pilot Commissioners and licensed as
special pilots.
Sixth—Any sailing vessel or other craft in
tow, having as master a licensed special pilot,
to be exempt from all pilot fees, unless a gen
eral pilot be actually employed.
Seventh— Steam craft under the command of
a master licensed as a pilot to be exempt from
all pilot fees, unless a general pilot be actually
employed.
Eighth— Any sailing vessel under the com
mand ot a master licensed as special pilot to be
exempt from all pilot fees, unless a general
pilot be actually employed.
Ninth— Every master examined by the Pilot
Commissioners and granted a special license to
pay a fee of $10.
Tenth— A special pilot license granted to the
master of any tug, steamer or sailing vessel
shail entitle the holder to act as pilot for the
vessel for which the license is granted only;
masters duly licensed to act as special pilot for
one vessel may, however, have their license
transferred to act for another vessel upon the
payment of a fee of $L
Eleventh— A provision making it a misde
meanor,with proper penalty, for pilots to make
any discrimination in the" collection of pilot
fees or to pay any rebates except such as are
expressly provided for by law.
Twelfth — A provision requiring the Pilot Com
missioners to make each year to the Governor
of the rita.e a full report of all the pilotage col
lected, with other necessary statistics.
On motion of T. J. Parsons, the sub
committee on pilotage was instructed to
employ a competent person to draft a bill
in accordance with the report for presen
tation to the next Legislature.
Captain Thayer was appointed a com
mittee to prepare resolutions suggesting to
tne Merchants' Exchange that a tide clock,
indicating the hours of high and low tide
in the harbor, be erected on the floor of
the exchange.
The secretary stated that Congressman
Loud had received a promise from the
Committee on Ways and Means that it
would recommend the appropriation of
money for surveys of tne more dangerous
rocks in the bay of San Francisco.
The report of the sub-committee on
finance showed that the total monthly
subscription to date was $2.">2 20. It was
adopted, and George Plummer. treasurer
of the Ship-owners' Association, was
elected treasurer of the committee.
TO REMOVE HOG RANCHES
The Supervisors Will Act on the
Bay View Petition
To-Day.
A Once Charming Dwelling Place Now
Rendered Uninhabitable by
Stench.
The hog pens at Bay View, South San
Francisco, still send fortn their stench into
the windows of the hundred or more resi
dents of that pretty little valley. The foul
refuse is piling up higher on the beach
day by day and increasing the danger of
epidemic disease.
The petition from the property-owners
there to the Board of Supervisors, for the
removal of this nuisance, will be acted
upon to-day by the Supervisors.
The petition contained some forty or
fifty names, headed by Mr. Piper, who
owns considerable land in that district.
The petition was gotten up hurriedly, and
aa a consequence contains about half the
number of names that otherwise would
have been appended to it.
The matter of the removal of these places
has been agitated for some time. Before
the advent of the hog ranches Bay View
was one of the moat charming spots for
residence in San Francisco. The purity of
the air and splendid view of the bay,
which then touched a beach as white is'
that near the (Miff House, made the local
ity particularly favorable for the building
of homes. Since the hog ranches moved
onto the beach the entire valley, the
greater part of the time, is almost unbear
able owing to the terrible stench arising
from the refuse thrown on the beach.
The residents assert in warm weather
they are frequently compelled to leave
their homes to escape the odor. They
claim that down near these ranches sick
ness is continually prevalent, and in their
petition they hold that it is extremely un
fair that four people should render the
homes of a hundred others uninhabitable.
PATRIOTIC RALLY.
Major T. C. Ky»n Will lecture on Im
mlßrnMoit To-Night.
A grand patriotic rally will be held at
Metropolitan Tetuplo to-night. Major T.
C. Ryan, the brilliant Eastern orator, will
deliver an address on "Foreign Immigra
tion, the Foe of American Liberties."
Addresses will also be made by Dr. W.
W. Case, Donali M. Ross and others.
It has been decided to charge 10 cents
admission for the purpose of keeping out
those who only go to a free entertainment-
The best corks came from Algeria.
There are 2,500,000 acres of cork forest in
that country.
FIRED INTO HIS MOUTH
John H. Peters, the Well-Known
Photographer, Commits
Suicide.
THE ACT WAS DELIBERATE.
His Family Can Assign No Reason
Why He Should Have Taken His
Own Life.
John H. Peters, the well-known pho
tographer, committed suicide yesterday
afternoon by shooting himself in the
mouth in the waiting-room of his photo
graph gallery at 914 Market street.
The gallery occupies the second and
third floors of the building, tne second
floor being used as an office and the third
as the operating and waiting rooms.
At noon Peters went out to lunch and
returned about 1 o'clock. His daughter
and an office-boy were in tne office. "With
out saying anything to them he went up
stairs. A few minutes later the report of
a revolver was heard and the office-boy
ran upstairs. He looked into the waiting
room and immediately ran downstairs
and out into the street, where he met Po
liceman Royston and said, "Come quick;
the boss has shot himself."
Eoyston followed the boy, and when he
entered the waiting-room he saw Peters
seated in an armchair in front of a mirror,
with hifl legs resting upon a settee. A re
volver was clutched in his right hand,
which rested upon his breast. Blood was
oozing out of his month, and he was un
conscious.
The officer rang for the patrol wagon,
and Peters was taken to the Receiving
Hospital. Drs. Bunneil and Rinne made
a hasty examination, and came to thn con
clusion that he could not live many min
utes. He bad fired into his mouth, and
the bullet had penetrated into the brain.
Peters expired about 3 o'clock, and his
body was removed to the Morgue.
An examination of the revolver, which
is a Smith & Wesson 32-caliber, showed
that fie had fired twice, but the first car
tridge had not exploded, and he then fired
again with fatal effect.
Peters was a married man, 62 years of
age, and a native of Germany. He lived
with his wife and four children at 2021
Howard street. The family was at once
notified of the affair and Eggert Peters,
the eldest son, hurried to the hospital.
"My father Jeft home as usual this
morning," he said, "and so far as we know
he was in his usual health. There was
nothing wrong either in his business
affairs, so far as we were aware. He was
doing a good business and his home re
lations had always been of the most pleas
ant kind."
Mrs. Peters also called at the hospital,
but she was in such a hysterical condition
that nothing could be learned from her as
to the cause of her husband's suicide.
Peters left no letters to his family that
would throw any light upon the matter.
It was learned from other sources that
business had been dull with him for some
time back, and for the past two or three
days he had been acting in an erratic
manner.
lie w*as a member of the Odd Fellows'
society, and that society will take charge
of tne funeral arrangements.
WANTS A DIVORCE.
Charles T. Cook Files » l\ill Against
His Wife v Emily,^AlUgliigU ;
Infidelity.
Walter H. Linforth, as counsel for
Charles T. Cook, filed a petition in di
vorce yesterday against Emily M. Cook.
Charles T. Cook is in the internal revenue
service, stationed at Port Costa. The
grounds for the divorce, as stated, are re
peated acts of .ntidelity, and the respond
ents named are several*
The couple were married on the 22d of
December, 1888, in this City.
The acts of infidelity charged are al
leged to have been committed on Thurs
day, the 20th of February, and on Satur
day, the 29th of February, "at that cer
tain place known as the 'Poodle Dog,' sit
uate on the corner of Bush street and
Grant avenue," with a man whose first
name is "Will," the second name un
known.
The first name of another respondent
is "Harry," his full name unknown.
With him the actions complained of took
place between the Ist day of March and
the Ist day of July, 1895, at San Jose, at
Livermore and at Mendenhalls Springs.
Tlie defendant is charged «vith similar
conduct on various occasions during the
year 1895, with one Percy Smith at Men
denhalls Springs, at Livermore and in this
City.
The same charge is made in relation to
defendant and one Duval and various
others at various places in this City.
NEW TO-DAT.
COMFORT FOB ALL!
RELIEF FOR EVERYBODY!
M MORE BLACKEMD EYES,
Or CRUTCHES, or FACE, or TOOTH,
Or HEAD, or TOE ACHE.
Em, Em, Em, Em, Em, Em, Ell
Does It, Quickly and Surely.
Mitchell's Masterful, Marvelous,
Mighty, Matchless
MAGIC LOIN!
Supplementing Nature, is all Business
and Ever Ready.
MONEY IN YOUR POCKET
To have it in the house, for you don't Know
when
HUBBY IS COMG HOME HURT, ON
A WMM.
IT HELPS THE DOCTOR,
PREVENTS PAIN,
PROMOTES THE CURE,
AND CAN'T HURT A CHILD.
Quickly relieves Sore Throats, Tonsilitis
and Burns.
Any druggist can get it for you.
He sure and read the directions.
Wriilit's Indian VeptaMe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
hnve used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE GIDDINESS, COXSTIPV
TIOX, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood.
Crossiai'sSiiscificMixte
With Uns remedy pt.rsons can cure Uiemselvos
without the least exposure, change of diet or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that, is of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for iv Price <1 •
bottle.MR. MARCEAU'S
SURPRISE PARTY.
Night Raid on His Wife's
Apartments at the
Palace.
•
TOOK [AWAY HIS CHILD.
Has Brought Action for Divorce
in the Superior Court From
Mrs. Marceau.
J. H. MALONEY CO-RESPONDENT
— — — —
Review of the Military Union and
the Subsequent Animated Career
of the Marceaus.
The Palace Hotel was the scene of a sen
sational tumult at 2 o'clock this morning.
Loud voices, the slamming of doors and
hasty scampering in the corridors alarmed
the guests on the second floor of the cara
vansary. Instant investigation followed,
when it was discovered that Colonel Theo
dore C. Marceau, a well-known pho
tographer, had made a raid on his wife's
apartments and gained possession of his
b> >y, aged 2 years— Theodore C. Marceau Jr.
The photograper, in his rush to get pos
session of the child, was so positive that he
saw in his wile's apartments one J. H.
Maloney, a horseman and eambler, with
whom his wife's name had been un
pleasantly coupled, that he went as soon
as daylight did appear to consult his coun
sel, Messrs. Patterson ft Rodgers. The
lesult of the consultation was the imme
diate filing of a suit for divorce and for the
custody of the child. The complaint dis
tinctly alleges the infidelity of his wife,
and mentions Maloney as the co-respon
dent.
The story told at the law office of Pater
son & Rodgers, where Marceau passed
most of his time yesterday afternoon, is
interesting, and may be accepted as the
injured husband's version of the marital
troubles.
When Colonel Marceau and Widow
Amanda J. Fiske of Fresno were married
in 1891 at the Sea .Beach Hotel, Santa
Cruz, the colonel's worldly possessions
consisted of available cash, and his bride's
property was chiefly lands and Fresno
city property heavily incumbered by mort
gages. So persistent were the creditors in
efforts to foreclose mortgages and secure
money by attachments that the colonel
had to put up as first payment $14,000.
He has since been paying out. to save his
wife s estate, until the payments now
aggregate $70,000. At various times he
sought for a settlement, and even agreed
to settle on the basis that she should
simply repay the money that he had paid
from his own personal estate. She re
fused to make any settlement, Dut held
fast to etil the property, which is supposed
to be worth $250,000.
About six months ago a serious disagree
ment took place and a separation ensued.
Friends, however, intervened anrt some
kind of a reconciliation was patched up.
The truce was not lastine, and so two
weeks ago the colonel left bis sumptuous
apartments in the Palace Hotel and estab
lished bachelor quarters in the Phelan
building, where he conducts the business
of taking pictures.
The colonel's absence from the domestic
circle in the Palace apartments did not
compel him to renounce all of his obli
gations as a husband, for he continued to
Tay his wife's hotel bills. As a measure
of precaution to avoid the payment of un
necessary extras he scanned the numer
ous items of the accounts and found that
a great quantity of champagne had been
consumed and a large number of cigars
smoked. The colonel, whose intellect was
then unusually clear, and whose per
spicacity was fully aroused, reasoned in
stantly that the consumption of such an
unexpected quantity of wine and cigars
indicated the lavish entertainment of gen
tlemen, and so his suspicions were excited.
About this time Mrs. Marceau's maid
brought him intelligence that his boy,
Theodore, was being neglected. Other
tidings were conveyed by the maid, Sophia
Brown, and her husband. It was reported
that Maloney 's attentions to Mrs. Marceau
were causing whimpers of scandal in the
hoiel. The colonel thereupon resolved to
rescue the child and rind out for himself
the true status of affairs at the Palace. As
cending witn the maid, the maid's husband
and two friends he visited the apartments
on the second floor of the Palace early this
i.iorning. He was admitted by a side en
trance and enabled to get the child. He
was sure that he saw for an instant through
the open door of his wife's apartments that
some one was there with her. Watch was
maintained until 10 o'clock this morning,
■when, according to the version of the
■watchers, Maloney emerged.
MARCEAU'S COMPLAINT.
Grounds Upon Which the Plaintiff
Seeks a Divorce and the Cus
tody of His Child.
Marceau's complaint is brief and
pointed. It is written with a marked ab
sence of superfluous legal verbiage. Alter
reciting that he was married to the de
fendant, Amanda J. Marceau. on July 9,
]-:ti.in Santa Cruz, he declares that on
March 5, 1896, the defendant was guilty
of infidelity, and J. H. Maloney is men
tioned as co-respondent. The complaint
then continues:
VII Plaintiff further alleges that by reason
of her ne gleet of, want of affection for and ex
treme cruelty toward said child and intempcr
«'e habits said defendant is not a fit and proper
person to have the care, control or custody of
rR Tnat h Baid defendant has living with her a
eon, agea about 8 yearn, the issue of her mar
riage with one John D. Fiske, her first hus-
That said Theo C. Marceau Jr. is the only
child of this plaintiff, and plaintiff alleges that
ho is in all respecte a fit and proper person to
h*ve the care, control and custody o said
ihil.i.and by reason of the faces hereinbefore
Stated should have the custody of said child
VIII That said defendant is possessed of a
large amount of property of the value of about
$100,000 in her own right and as her separate
C IX* That there is no community property,
except, ornaments, curios, furniture and other
household articles. . . ..
Wherefore plaintiff demands judgment that
the bonds of matrimony existing between him
b. If and the derendant be dissolved, and that
the custody of said minor child be awarded to
the plaintiff.
PALACE HOTEL SCENE.
Mrs. Marceau'B Attorney Says His
Client is Innocent— The Inva
sion an Outrage.
Mr=. Marceau declared last nij-'ht that
•he had absolutely nothing to say. Her
attorneys, she said, were cognizant of the
real state of aft? irs and she would leave
them the duty of relating what had hap
pened at her rooms. One direct state
ment she did maKe and that was:
"Mr. Marceau's charges are all false.
But you see Mr. McPike and he will tell
you everything."
After that Mrs. Marceau was dumb.
McPike had spent the greater part of the
afternoon with his fair client and ex
pressed himself in very strong language
in regard to her troubles.
"Mrs. Marceau is a good woman and has
been true to her husband,' he said. "The
charges made by Mr. Marceau are as in
famous as they are false.
"Mr. Maloney was with Mrs. Marceau
Wednesday evening. His attorney,
Charles Hanlon, and Mrs. Fisher, Mrs.
Marceau's mother, were there, too. They
spent the evening singingand with instru
mental music until shortly after 12 o'clock
when a servant was sent for an oyster
loaf.
"This fellow went to Marceau when he
was downstairs and told him that Maloney
was in Mrs. Mar.ceau's room. Marceau
immediately began to storm. He went to
the clerk and declared that there was a
man in his wife's room and that if the
hotel management did not see that he was
ejected he (Marceau) would break down
the uoor. Of course this occasioned con
siderable excitement. The clerk attempted
to temporize and then sent a messenger to
ask Mrs. Marceau if there was a man in
her room.
"By this time the party had completed
their" lunch. Mr. Marceau's impertinent
interruption came very unexpectedly ana
aroused considerable indignation. Mrs.
Marceau sent back word that not only was
Mr. Maloney in her room, but Mr. Han
lon was also there.
'"The gentlemen did not remain long.
The interruption marred the even tenor of
affairs, and, making their adieus, they left
the apartments. Mr. Maloney went "with
Mr. Hanlon. This both of them will swear
to. Mr. Maloney, Mrs. Marceau and Mrs.
Fisher will swear that Mr. Maloney did
not return to the rooms.
"Mrs. Marceau and the others of her
family retired about 1 o'clock. About 3
o'clock in the morning there was a noise at
the door. Mrs. Marceau awoke and heard
her maid cry out:
14 Oli, Mrs. Marceau, come here, quick.'
"Frightened at the woman's tone, Mrs.
Marceau ran to the door, asking:
"What is it? Who is there?'
" 'It's Mr. Marceau, and he wants to get
in!' was the answer.
" 'My God, what can he want at this
hour of the morning?' gasped Mrs. Mar
ceau.
'•For an answer there dame a violent
shaking of the door and a demand for ad
mission, accompanied by threats to force
a passage. This frightened Mrs. Marceau
very much, as her husband has repeatedly
said he would kill her, and she thought he
wa« about to execute nis fell designs.
"Naturally" she did not open the door.
Then there was the noise of tbe giving of
locks, and, overcome with terror, Mrs. Mar
ceau knew nothing more till she found
herself aione with her mother and her lit
tle boy.
"It was an outrage, sir, an abominable
outrage," declared Mr. McPike, earnestly.
"Maloney nor any other man was in Mrs.
Marceau's rooms. She was alone and no
one but a perjurer will say she was not."
"What will Mrs. Marceau's answer be?"
was asked.
"I don't know yet, I have not read Mr.
Marceau's complaint."
"It has the one charge of infidelity."
"That will be denied in whole."
"Will tnere be any counter charges?"
"That I cannot say now. I will tell you,
though, that Mr. Marceau will never get
the divorce from her.
"Mrs. Marceau is not a guilty woman,"
Mr. McFike added impressively. "She
may be a Mttle too voluble at times, but
she has done nothing wrong. She was in
discreet in keeping the servants she has
about her. I tola her so a month ago.
She declared tnat she had nothing to fear
from what they might say. Now, how
ever, it looks as if there might be danger
that they will be employed to swear to
lies. There can be no doubt but they are
false to her. Still, you may rest assured
that the only way Mr. Marceau can sub
stantiate his charges will be by perjury. 1 '
The utory of Maloney's acquaintance
with Mr. Marceau's pretty wife is a pe
culiar one. It was brought about through
a suit brought by Marceau about a
year ago to force the young horseman to
pay for some photographs.
It seems that Maloney was about to go
East, when Marceau had him held on a
charge of attempting to leave the State to
defraud his creditors. In order to get a
warrant Mr. Marceau had to give a bond
for twice the amount involved and Mrs.
Marceau went on her husband's bond.
The sum for which she was responsible
was some $3000.
The affair was arranged at the time, and
Malonev continued his interrupted jour
ney. He returned a few months since,
and was very wrathy about his detention.
He wanted to get even with the pho
tographer, and went to Attorney Charles
Hanlon and instructed Hanlon to arrest
and bring suit against Marceau and his
two bondsmen for having maliciously oc
casioned his (Malomy's) arrest and de
tention.
"I heard Maloney and Hanlon discuss
ing the matter one day," said Mr. McPike,
in speaking of the affair. "I at once pro
tested against their submitting Mrs. Mar
ceau to the humiliation and annoyance of
a suit. We talked it over, and I assured
them that Mrs. Marceau was an innocent
party to the suit, and Mr. Maloney agreed
that if he could be sure of that he would
not press the matter.
"I s:i\v Mrs. Marceau the next day,"
Mr. McPike continued. "I advised her
that it would be well for her to see Mr.
Maloney about the matter, and she did so.
The suit was stopped, and Mr. Maloney
afterward made several calls upon her, 1
understand. The last of these was on
Wednesday night, when he went to her
rooms to call upon Mrs. Marceau and her
mother, in company with Mr. lianlon."
MRS. MARCEAU'S WILL.
It Grieved the Colonel Because His
Name Was Omitted From
the Testament.
Colonel and Mra. T. C. Marceau have
been living apart from each other for the
past two months, and their society friends
have wondered whether they vrould ever
kiss and make up, or whether, in the near
future, a divorce suit of Marceau vs. Mar
ceau would adorn the calendar of the
Superior Court.
The wife occupied her luxuriously fur
nished suite of rooms in the Palace Hotel ;
the husband extemporized a boudoir of
almost oriental magnificence in one of the
rooms connected v:ith his photograph gal
lery several blocks away.
She has her meals served in her rooms
and is attended by her own French maid
and a colored girl. He has no French at
tendant, but his apartments are looked
after by a gentleman domestic whose native
place is separated fmm France by the
British Channel and the Irish Sea. In the
case of meals the mountain does not go to
Mahomet, and so the colonel dines, a la
grass widower, in the high-priced res
taurants uptown.
As a matter of fairness it must be said
that the colonel did keep his wife ever in
his memory. He continued paying her
bills just the same as he used to pay them
when he was basking in the sunshine of
her society, for she is a sunny creature
and well knows how to enjoy the good
tilings of life. Every month he put up
for the rent of her suite in the l'alace
Hotel, and about as milch more for her
board and that of her servants. Then she
went out riding almost every day and the
colonel paid the bills.
When she had company of an evening,
say a lady and gentleman friend, she
pressed a button in the wall and ordered
champagne, oysters and icecream brought
up, for hospitality is one of her most
shining graces. The colonel was not pres
ent to partake of these delicacies, but he
had the melancholy pleasure of paying for
them after they have been digested.
He made no murmur of complaint or
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
THE THREE PItHCIPALS IS YESTERDAYS BEHS.ITIOS.4L DIVORCE SLIT.
THE HUSBAND-COLONEL THEODORE C. MARCEAU.
[From a photograph by Marctnu.]
THE WIFE— MRS. THKODORE C. MARCEAU.
\From a photograph by Marceau.]
THE CORESPONDENT-JOHN H. MALONEY.
[From a photograph by Marceau.}
dissatisfaction, for that is the style in
which they have always lived. As her
husband, he is responsible for her living
expenses, even though he may not have ft \
share in incurring them. Her own separ- j
ate income, about $1200 per month, would
be aufticient to keep the wolf from the
door even should the colonel become an
anchorite and betake himself to some
lonely isle in the tropic seas, but as the
colonel is not an anchorite she is not
obliged to spend very much out of the in
come of her separate estate.
Hence she was in no hurry to institute a
suit for divorce. She said that she had
good grounds for divorce, but did not in
tend bringing an action.
The big obstacle which stood in the way
of an amicable divorce, however, is said to
be an indebtedness of between $26,000 and
$28,000, which the colonel insists she owes
him. This is said to be a balance due on
$'X), 000 alleged to have been advanced to
her by the colonel at the time of their
marriage, or shortly thereafter, for the
])urpose of clearing off mortgages on Mrs.
Marceau's property at Fresno.
Mrs. Marceau advanced as an offset the
claim that whatever money was expended
by her during their trip through Europe
some years ago should be repaid her by
the colonel, as he, being her husband, was
responsible for those expenses. This, with
some other offsets, it is alleged, would
wipe oat the balance claimed by the colonel
as being due to him.
For two months four lawyers— two on
each side— have been trying to settle the
matter of property satisfactorily to Doth
parties, but they have not yet succeeded in
hreaking the deadlock. Some of the
colonel's friends say that he has been
shadowed by private detectives who would
be glad to catch him tripping lightly over
his marriage vows, in which contingency,
they add, the dispute nbout property ar
rangements would be settled very speedily.
But thus far they say the detectives
have had plenty of walking exercise and a
steady job, the colonel having conducted
himself as from time immemorial in a
manner befitting the head of a family.
Although it is only two months since
husband and wife have ceased to dwell
under the same roof they have not lived
together in all respects aa man and wife
since last September. In that month, it ia
alleged by her, be got drunk and beat and
kicked her, causing black and blue marks
to appear upon her arms and hip. These
marks she exhibited at the time to more
than one person, whose statements are
stowed away in a safe place to be produced
in the event of a suit to dissolve the bonds
of matrimony.
Her story is to the effect that when trav
eling in the East with Colonel Marceau
they stopped for a while in Cincinnati,
where the colonel has an aristocratic pho
tograph gallery. There he went on a glori
ous spree, and being very disagreeable in
his cups treated her so cruelly that she
took her children and came to San Fran
cisco without kissing him good-by. He
was very angry when he sobered up and
found that his wife had gone to California,
and when he arrived here he was in no
amiable mood.
But the thing which annoyed him most,
and which he said almost, broke his heart,
was the discovery of his wife's last will
and testament. One day while in their
apartments in the Palace he saw the end
of a sheet of legal cap sticking out of a bu
reau drawer. The paper was loose ana not
inclosed in an envelope or other wrapper,
and he glanced at it through curiosity.
He found that it was his wife's will. In
it she had provided for her two children,
one of whom was by her deceased hus
band, John D. Fiske, and the other was
Colonel Marceau's. The will was terse and
well drawn, Mrs. Marceau being a gradu
ate of Vassar College, but what was his
astonisnment and chagrin when he saw
that he was not even mentioned.
'•There was not even a solitary admis
sion that she had a husband at all," said
Colonel Marceau to a friend. "She aid
not leave me $1 or her love and affection—
just passed me by as if I never existed.
That was one of the roughest deals I ever
got from her. It almost broke my heart."
In trnth the colonel seemed to be more
cut up by this mark of a lack of affection
than ne had ever been before, even when
he thumped the drunken capitalist in
Santa Cruz on the night before his wed
ding, or when he had a row in Peters
burg with a handsome Russian Count.
It is believed also that only for the dis
covery of the will an amicable arrange
ment would have been mads before this of
the property dispute, and that if Mrs.
Marceau had insisted upon a separation
no obstacle would have been thrown in
the way.
Shortly after the military wedding the
colonel and his bride made an extended
tour of Europe, going as far as Peters
burg, and indulging in the festiv
ities of the aristocracy of that gay
capital. While there thocolonel made the
acquaintance of a dashing Russian fount,
well provided with both money and good
looks. The Count accompanied the
newly wedded coupie as far as Monaco,
from which resort came a report to the
London newspapers to the effect that the
wealthy American, Lieutenant - Colonel
Marceau, of the staff of his Excellency the
Governor of California, U. S. A., had gone
on a spree and had punched the head of
the wealthy nobleman from the frozen
Jand of the Czar.
There waa more scandal of the pugilistic
kind after the couple returned to this City.
On one occasion, while under the influ
ence of new champagne, the colonel ran
a muck in his apartments in the Palace
Hotel and literally "knocked the stuffing"
out of the plush upholstered furniture. It
appears that he was angry with his wife at
that time.
On another occasion he created a scene
in front of the Villa, near Golden Gate
Park, in the afternoon. He found his
wife's phaeton in front of the house, and
on making an investigation be became dis
pleased and very loudly, too, because his
wife was partaking of refreshments with a
friend.
Tne last time the colonel's name ap
peared in the newspapers was during the
Christmas holidays last year when a Christ
mas tree in his apartments in the Palace
Hotel caught fire from the lighted tapers
liung upon its branches. The tree was
thrown out of the window and the Fire De
partment was called out.
FAVOR MRS. MARCEAU.
Hotel Employes Declare That There
Was No Man in That Lady's
Rooms.
J. McDermott, the clerk at the Palace
Hotel, declares that Mr. Marceau did not
find Mr. Maloney or any other man in
Mrs. Marceau's rooms.
' The first I knew that there wa3 any
trouble was about 3:15 o'clock yesterday
morning," said Mr. McDermott. "Then
Mr. Marceau went out with Brown, the
servant, Mrs. Brown and the baby. He
stopped in the ollice and said there was a
man in his wife's room and he wanted him
taken out. He was Hushed and much ex
cited.
"I at once called the watchman and
Mr. Marceau repeated his statement. 1
sent the watchman at once to Mrs. Mar
ceau's rooms and he found no one there.
He is an experienced man, and if there
had been any one in the room he would
have known it. Mr. Marceau came back
later and I told him there had been no
one in the room."
Mr. Sawyer, the watchman, said he saw
Mr. and Mrs. Brown get into a carriage
with the Marceau baby. Knowing they
tvere in Mrs. Marceau's employ, he
thought it was all right. It was not till
he got into the office that he learned that
Mr. Marceau was in possession of the
cnild.
"Mr. Marceau told me that there was a
man in his wife's room and he wanted him
removed," Mr. Sawyer said. "I went
to • the rooms at once. Mrs. Mar
ceau's mother told me that Mr. Marceau
had stolen away the baby and begged me
to stay about the rooms and see that no
one did them harm. I stayed about the
room all night. lam confident that there
was no one there."
Manager Kirkpatrick said he thought
Mr. Marceaa had made a big mistake.
"It is evident that he acted on the ad
vice of the servant." said Mr. Kirkpatrick.
"It is as evident that the servant made a
false report to gain the good graces of the
man who was paying him to play false to
his mistress. It is hardly probable," added
Mr. Kirkpatrick, "that Mrs. Marceau
would be so foolish as to receive a man in
the rooms with her mother, even if she
were inclined to be bad."
MALONEY LACONIC.
The Co-Respondent Makes a Brief
but Emphatic Denial of Mr. Mar
ceau's Charges.
John H. Maloney, the co-respondent,
had very little to say last night. That
little was to the point, however.
"The whole statement made by Mr.
Marceau is false and absurd," he declared.
"I have plenty to say, but I do not intend
to say it now. When the time comes I
will speaK more freely."
Mr. Maloney explained that he did not
wish to be discourteous. He was acting
on the advice of his attorney, Mr. Hanlon,
and he must, therefore, be excused from
speaking further. He intimated that he
could refute the statements concerning
himself, but refused positively to discuss
them.
A SENSATIONAL CAREER.
Chapter of Fresno History—Mar
ceau Military Weddlngr at Santa
Cruz— Scenes In Europe.
During her career in Fresno as the wife
of J. D. Fiske, and since the traeic death
of her first husband and her sub
sequent marriage to Colonel Marceau,
the defendant in the divorce case has fur
nished the newspapers with a variety of
items.
She is a native of New Jersey and was
not more than sixteen years old when she
married Fiske. The story was told at the
time of the wedding that Fiske made love
to the mother, carefully concealing the
fact that the true object of his affection
was the daughter of "sweet 16." The
mother had property, and to allay sus
picion that he was seeking by marriage to
obtain her worldly goods Fiske advised her
to deed all of her property to her daughter.
The deeds were so executed by the credu
lous widow, and then Fiske married the
daughter and hied to Fresno.
Surely, Fiske did cut a wide swath in
Fresno and supplied the daily press of
that city with material for many sensa
tional articles. He owned the Fiske Opera
house and conducted what was known as
th« "Water Tank Theatrical Circuit." He
engaged Eastern combinations of talent
to produce great dramatic attractions at
water-tank stations, and when the advance
agent came along and saw that the station
could not turn out an audience of more
than twenty people the engagement was
canceled. Fiske promptly claimed the
forfeiture of $100 for violation of contract
and was often successful in collecting
judgment.
Fiske and bis wife bad trouble iv Fresno. (
Once on a time Fiske, armed with a club,
Mrs. Fiske with a horsewhip and a negro
with the gun went to a newspaper oitice
and laid out the editor. Fiske used his club
with such effect that the gun and horse
whip were not brought into action. Fiske
had trouble with Barton, a Fresno capi
talist, and sought to compel him to pay a
large sum of money.
In this trouble Mrs. Fiske's name waa
unpleasantly involved. While the dis
pute wus pending and creating a great sen
sation in Fresno society, Fiske was shot
and killed on the street by Joseph D. Still
inan. The slayer was sentenced to a life
term in the penitentiary, and is still alive
and in prison.
On the death of her husband Mrs. Fiske
collected life insurance policies of a large
amount in the aggregate. She also came
into possession of a vast deal of incum
bered real estate. She soon had money
enough to gratify her luxurious tastes, and
by a generous use of her wealth attracted
the attention ol society and suitors.
Theodore Marceau, handsome, prosperous
also in a pecuniary sense, and holding the
exalted military rank; of lieutenant-colonel
on the staff of the Governor of the most
prosperous State in the Union, presented
advantages of a prospective husband that
a woman of forethought could not resist.
Marceau, thus equipped, entered the field
and won the greatest triumph ever
achieved by the National (iuard of Cali
fornia. The engagement was brief and
the wedding gorgeous.
The "nuptials were celebrated, 1 ' as soci
ety editors would say, at the rica Beach
Hotel, Santa Cruz, where John T. Sullivan,
the landlord, was at the zenith of his glow
ing career as a manager. Auspiciously it
happened that all of the troops of the
guard were encamped at Santa Cruz at that
time, so the display of gold lace, shoulder
straps, plumes and all the glittering para
phernalia of militia on a peuce footing was
indeed picturesque and astounding.
The wedding was Hashed up with the
most alluring headlines, and "among
those present" were many who had pri
vately telegraphed to San Francisco man
aging editors to have their names omitted.
The cause for this requested suppression
may now be stated. It appears that an
inebriated individual, whose name was
given to the world as "Hanscombe," made
himself conspicuous at the hotel by de
manding admission to the apartments
of the prospective bride. He would not
take her "no" for an answer. So Lieuten
ant-Colonel Marceau was advised of the
invasion and proceeded to repel the in
vader.
In doing so he blackened the eyes of
Hanscombe and then tumbled him down
stairs. This impediment being removed,
the marriage proceeded without further
obstacle. Some of the society ladies of
San Francisco who were willing to be re
ported as attending the wedding did not
want their names published as attending
the fight, so the wires were hot with pri
vate telegrams to the managing powers of
the press in this town.
W. 11. Maloney. who lives at the Palace
Hotel with his two sons and a daughter, is
in no way associated with or related to the
horseman, J. IT. Maloney, the co-re
spondent in the Marceau divorce case.
JOHN F. FINERTY DINED
The Irish Nationalist and Orator
Entertained by His Com
patriots.
He Makes a Brilliant Plea for the
Union of the Race in the
Cause of Freedom.
The Hon. John F. Finerty of Chicago
was given a reception and banquet by the
Knights of the Red Branch at the hall of
the society on Mason and O'Farrell streets
last night.
Fully 500 Irish-American citizens were
present to testify their appreciation and
respect for the distinguished Nationalist
as well as their loyalty to the cause of
Irish independence.
Banquet-tables were extended about the
hall, which was appropriately decorated
with American and Irish National colors,
while a "Welcome to Finerty" in gilded
letters hung from the ceiling. The scene
was one of great animation.
Dr. P. J. O'Neill presided and on his
right was the gnest of honor.
Among those present were J. J. O'Brien,
Judee Cooney, Colonel O'Byrne, Super
visors Dimond tnd King, FranK T. Shea
and Captain Sheehy.
The toast to Colonel Finerty was drunk
with enthusiasm, and when tne orator
rose to speak he was cheered repeatedly.
He made an eloquent plea for the unity of
the Irish race in the cause of national in
dependence for the old land. He did not
believe that legislative methods would
ever accomplish the desired end for the
fatherland. That could only be secured
by resorting to physical force. This senti
ment was loudly applauded by the gather
ing.
Colonel Finerty went on to say that an
effort should be made to unite the Prot
estants and Catholics of Ireland in a com
mon cause for the absolute release of the
island from British control.
There were other speeches in a similar
strain, and the feathering adjourned at
midnight after singing "God Save Ire
land."
BLOOMER SMUGGLERS.
Arrival of the Bloomer Girls Who Were
Convicted in the Hawaiian
Courts.
Mrs. G. Rodriguez and Miss Annie Gon
zalves were the most interesting passengers
on the steamer Australia that arrived from
Honolulu last Wednesday night. They
were arrested in the island republic on a
charge of smuggling and were found guilty
of landing thirty-three tins of opium,
were sentenced to pay a fine of $500 and to
serve a month of hard labor "on tlie reef.' 1
Their companions in trouble were S. Mer
sich, the second messboy in the officers'
quarters, and a man named I. Bonni
antia, who lived in Honolulu. All re
ceived the same sentence, but Charles
Creighton, the attorney, took up their case
and carried it to the Supreme Court, secur
ing an acquittal.
Mr. Creighton was Attorney-General of
Hawaii under King Kalakaua and was a
long time an exile in San Francisco.
When pardoned he returned to Honolulu
and went into partnership with Paul Neu
mann. He has now resumed practice and
is doing well. His mother and sister
make their home in San Francisco.
Mrs. Rodriguez and Miss Gonzalves are
from Halfmoon Bay. The young lady was
said to be sick, and the trip to "The Para
dise of the Pacific" was taken on her ac
count. When they reached their destina
tion they walked ashore without question,
but some informer went to customs au
thorities, and officers were soon on their
trail. They were located at the home of
Bonniantia, and under his bed were
found two pairs of bloomers with
thirty-three pockets, in each of which was a
five-tael can of the best Hongkong opium.
The drug here is worth about $15 a pound,
while in Honolulu it readily brings about
$40, so that the smugglers would have net
ted $662 50 if their scheme had carried.
The defense made in the Supreme
Court by Messrs. Creighton and Neumann
was that there was not a tittle of evidence
to connect the prisoners with the bloomers
and the opium. The Judge took that view
of the matter and dismissed the case. The
women and Bonniantia lost no time in
taking passage for San Francisco on the
Australia, while Mersich is coming on
the barkentine S. C. Allen. Mrs. Rodri
guez and Miss Gonzalves will return to
Halfmoon Bay, where they will rest and re
cuperate after their adventures in Hawaii.
Both of them almost went into hysterics
on the wharf yesterday when questioned
about the bloomer episode.
NEW TO-DAY.
"Red
¥ A A
Letter
. ■
Days"
Imagine yourself the owner
of a pretty Sitting-room Desk,
like this picture shows.
It's easy.
* That is, if yon buy it during
"Red Letter Days" it's easy.
Dozens of them are reduced —
this is just a sample:
Sitting=room Desk
$12.00.
The picture shows it exactly.
Large, roomy, two deep drawers underneath,
'bandy pigeon-bole arrangement inside.
Polished oak, all hand-carved.. ; Ay^'i';
Beveled mirror on top— makes your bric-a-brac
look double-*l2.
There are only 6 of this pat-
tern.
That means:
If you want to be sure of one come early.
Suppose you come on a visit- .
ing — not to buy, under-
— just to see what "Red
Letter Day" sales really amount
to. Welcome 1
Carpets . Rugs Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
■ . • .
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
Vt OliuJi
I ■ % vliuui
BUSINESS UNDER DIFFICULTIES.
HAVE YOU PASSED OUR STORE KB-
cently? If so, you could see for yourself
nnder what difficulties we are doing business. ' The
Spreckels fence still stands, and the placing of the
iron girders for the foundation of the "new Call
building more or less blockades the street, and
such being the case we are compelled to offer extra
inducements. The shoes we advertise are not
odds or ends, but regular lines, and although we
have greatly reduced our prices, yet we guarantee
every pair we sell. This week .we are making a
drive on Misses' and Children's fine Dongola I Kid
Lace Shoes. They have medium square toes and
patent-leather tips and spring heels, and look neat
and nobby on the feet. : . ■
Children's sizes. 9 to 10^....... ......Ifl 35
Misses' sizes, 11 to ....'...... 165
- ■ Here' Is another bargain— Fine Dongola
Kid Oxfords, pointed toes and tips and hand
turned soles; reduced to 75c. These Oxford s gel.
regularly for $1 60, but we quote this price so a
to prove that we are selling shoes below cost.
t(S~ Country orders solicited, .
43- Send for .New Illustrated Catalogue.
■ Address : *
B. KATCHINSKI, *
PHILADELPHIA SHOE , CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
<y tf.BS FAI L c^
bra swift
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY ■:': TREATS ALL CHRONIC}
:>J diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom- .
ach, liver and bowels: kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles, v
varlcocele, hydrocele and -swelling, of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either | men 1
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry, I
, bashfnlness, failing memory and . all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured." Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph- '
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured
WUITK your troubles If living aw from th*
city and advice will be given you free of charge. ;
Address &• L. 9wMii, .n.L».,
v 737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office), v |
1 li " Jl . :■ v Baa .Francisco, Cat
' ' ■ ■■' ■■• ■-- -.•-.■ . -. . ■ . ■
910
EXPRESSED FAITH
IN THE PASTOR.
Some Insight Into the Feel
ings of the Church
Council.
DR. BROWN TESTIFIES.
Lays Great Stress on His Early
Home Life and Christian
Training.
SAYS MRS. STOCKTON KISSED HIM
Touches But Lightly on the Overman
Part of the Scandal— New Wit
nesses to Testify.
RESOLVED, That it U the opinion of
this council that Dr. Brown ha» never
made appointments to meet ladies in the
church for Improper purposes, and that
ho ne?er walked the street* with any
lady, and that he was never seen to in
dulge in familiarities with any lady.
Such, in brief, is the startling— not to
cay the unexpected resolution introduced
by Delegate E. C. Williams last night and
passed unanimously by the council.
It was all done so quickly that few of
the members of that deliberate body and
ecarceiy any of the audience fully appre
ciated its full meaning and scope.
Mr. Nagle insisted on introducing testi
mony showing that Dr. Brown was never
Been in conversation with any other lady
than his wife. This was kept up for quite
a while, and when the attorney was about
to introduce additional similar testimony
Mr. Williams sprang to hid feet and ut
tered the words above quoted. Mr. Nagle
insisted that if such was the feeling of the
council it be expressed in some defi
nite way. Moderator McLean agreeing
with him. Then followed the adoption of
the resolution by the council, and the im
mediate retirement of that body into secret
session.
Dr. Brown was in the assembly room
when the council was called to order by
Moderator McLean at 2 o'clock. The pas
tor opened the exercises by a brief and
scathing attack on the press. He said
they had been utterly unfair to him, that
they had suppressed the facts favorable to
him, and had placed the worst construc
tion on everything that had appeared
against him. He cited some instances
wi.ere he had not been treated fairiy, one
being that he had never made use of the
expression, "I'm gone, anyway."
In spite of the announcement made that
Dr. Brown v^as ill and threatened with
paralysis, he never appeared to better ad
vantage or in better voice than when he
took the witness-chair. True, he was sev
eral times prompted by his legal friend,
Mi. Nagle, but in every other respect his
memory seemed faultless, and lie delved
into details of minor facts relating to the
rase with an acuteness which seemed to
deny any assumption that he was nearing
a mental collapse.
Dr. Pond occupied his usual seat just In
the rear of the witness-chair. He ap
peared tired and sleepy, but he woke up
once to ask Mr. Nagle if he meant the
church study when that gentleman asked
the pastor concerning some supposed visit
of Mrs. Stockton. Once or twice during
the afternoon he played the good Samari
tan by handing over to Dr. Brown, when
that gentleman seemed about to give way
to a fit of coughine, a few bronchial
troches. Valley Brown was not present,
nor was Miss Overman, the latter not hav
ing fully recovered from the terrible cross
examination administered by Mr. Tenney
at Wednesday's session of the council.
Dr. Brown in his statement to the coun
cil admitted a good many things which
some expected him to deny. He assured
his ecclesiastical judgss that he had never
kissed Mrs. Stockton nor, in fact, shown
any other than a friendly interest in her,
though he confessed that the winsome
widow had on one occasion made him the
victim of her osculatory ambition. He
admitted, also, that he had gone to Castro
Heights in company with Mrs. Stockton,
though his meeting with this lady was the
result of an accident, not of his own
making.
The pastor began his statement by eoing
back to the day of his birth. By slow
Btages he traveled over his childhood's
days, relating as he went that his father
was a blacksmith, and that he himself had
learned the trade at the age of 13 years. At
the age of 14 he enlisted in the war, but
was down on the payroll as a servant for
his father. Twelve months later he joined
the recular service as a bugler, continuing
in the field until May. 1865.
"In 1866," said the doctor, "I married
the good lady on my right. I want to say
right here that never at any time during
my college career was there the slightest
thing against my character. I was forced
to leave college because there was a rule
to the effect that all students marrying
should ■withdraw."
Then in rapid succession the. doctor told
of his admission into the ministry, and of
his seve ral pastorates down to the period
of his connection with the First Congre
gational Church. Incidentally he re
marked that he had met Miss Overman
six months after reaching Tacoma, but
that he never saw her except in the pres
ence of his wife, he took a keen interest
in her because his wife knew her history.
He met Mrs. Stockton through a cordial
recommendation and introduction by Mrs.
Cooper. One morning after service this
young woman came up the aisle and
shook hands with Mrs. Cooper, saying to
him later on that she intended to join the
church.
Concerning the baptizing incident, the
doctor said that at the close of the evening
service he went to the study for his hat
and coat, .lust as be was turning to go
out lie saw Mrs. Stockton standing in the
door. She said that she had never been
baptized, whereupon he had called Deacon
Vasconcellos and performed the ceremony
in his presence.
Dr. Brown then told of the visit to Mrs.
Stockton before that lady's admission to
the church, and of the kissing episode
which followed. When he entered the
room he found the lady lying across the
bed. fully dressed, but with a light cover
ing thrown over her firm. After talking
with her a while he rose to go, whan the
widow threw her arras about his neck and
kissed him. This was his tirst experience
and caused him great alarm.
When however, Mrs. Stockton came to
him on the following Sunday anil begged
forgiveness for her unusual act be thought
it his Christian duty to let the dead past
bury its dead. He attributed her singular
conduct on that occasion to fever, though
he acknowledged that he bad some fear of
scandal, and for that reason had not
spoken of it. He could see now, however,
that it would been better had he
done so.
Coming down to the Turkish tea inci
dent the doctor denied that he ever had
any improper relations with Mrs. Stockton
or had met her on the street corners or
corridors os she had stated. He told of a
few occasions that he had met her, but
they were all accidental. He said that
never at any ime had he kissed her or
attempted to caress her and that her story
was false in detail and in fact.
The witness said that he regretted the
little interchange of harsh words between
him and Mrs. French. The story told by
that lady concerning the Turkish tea was
practically correct, except as to fcis intense
indignation.
The pastor then explained a remark
made some nights before when he stated
tiiat he had no sooner left Mrs. French's
door than he became aware that iMrs.
Stockton was a dangerous woman.
"We had gotten some little way down
the street," said the doctor, "when Mrs.
Stockton turned to me and asked what I
was going to do about it. 1 did not under
stand her and asked if she was crazy. She
repiied, 'You will hear from this again.'
Mrs. Stockton was in a perfect rage, and I
contend that she did then and there men
ace me."
Dr. Brown then told how Mrs. Stockton
had come to him for a letter of recommen
dation, wnich he had refused to give. On
that occasion she grew quite angry, and
repeated her former utterance that he
would hear from her.
Dr. Brown then touched lightly upon
his relations with Miss Overman. He told
how Mrs. Brown had arranged that she
should come to his home to do some sew
ing. He saw, however, that Mattie was in
ill health and he asked her to stay. Miss
Overman retrained in his home until De
cember 10, 18f>4, when she returned to
Tacoma, accompanied by the pastor. The
young lady had announced her intention
of returning home about that time, and
some days later Dr. Brown mentioned at
the breakfast table, so he said, that he had
engagements in Tacoma and Portland
which would necessitate his leaving San
Francisco about the same date.
Dr. Brown will be placed on ihe witness
stand again to-day, and he is expected to
tell what he knows of the Overman-Tun
nell letters.
The three new witnesses of Mrs. Cooper
have appeared before the committee on
charges. Mrs. Barton is among the num
ber, and her testimony promises to be of a
sensational order. She is expected to cor
roborate all that Mrs. Thuraton has said,
and in addition to this give a good many
details of Mrs. Tunnell's visit to Tacoma,
about which there seems to be so much
mystery. Her story has already been pub
lished in The Calb^.
James F. Pierce will also appear. His
testimony is mainly in the direction of
proving the existence of Mrs. Baddin.
John Bickford is the last of the new
witnesses. If what he has told the com
mittee on charges be true his testimony
will be valuable in throwing light on the
Overman-Tunnell letters. He is expected
to tell how they came into prominence,
and that he, on one occasion, saw Mrs.
Tunnell leave a larcre bundle of letters
at the home of Mrs. Buckland, 27)4 La
fayette street. This lady, however, stated
last night that bhe had never met Mrs.
Tunnell but once, and then at a restaurant
on Mission street. She was introduced to
ihe missing witness by Mr. Bickford. Mrs.
Buckland declares with great emphasis
that Mrs. Tunnell did not leave any letters
at her house, at least not to her knowledge.
The council will meet this morning at
9:30 o'clock, and Dr. Brown is expected to
resume the witness-stand. An adjourn
ment will then be taken out of respect to
Deacon Frank until 7 o'clock.
DR. BROWN'S STORY.
In Many Respects In Line With That
Told by Miss Over
man.
There was sunshine In the air when the
council came upon the platform at 2:15
o'clock. Immediately afterward Mrs.
Brown and Miss Ruby Rogers entered the
room by the west door, and a few mo
ments later Dr. Brown came in by the
east door and shook hands with half a
dozen persons while on his way to his seat.
After the usual preliminaries of opening
the council, Dr. Brown addressed the
council on a question of privilege. He
complained that with one exception the
newspapers had not treated him justly.
"I say it in all kindness," he added,
"but the newsDaper reports, with the sin
gle exception of The Call, have been un
fair."
Dr. Brown called attention to the omis
sion in the Examiner and Chronicle of the
questions which he had announced he
would have asked Mrs. Stockton had she
been on the stand for cross-examination.
These two papers containei only a bare
reference to the subject-matter of his re
marks on that occasion, while The Call
contained a tolerably accurate but brief
account. He wished to say also that the
testimony of Mr. Seymour had been slight
ingly treated, if treated at all. The doctor
continued :
That incident at the corner of Sixth and
Brvant streets was absolutely new and it was
never reported. Nor was it reported that on
Monday following the publication of the lodg
ing-house rumor 1 asked Mr. Seymour to go
with me to the lodging-houses on all the cor
ners there. I said, "I will spend a day with
you, sir, and will go with you into the pres
ence of every lodging-house' keeper on Sixth
street." I said also to newspaper men that
they could select two newspaper men to go
with m« to every lodging-house on Sixth
street. These facts have been suppressed in
the newspapers. I cannot understand why
facts which are so material to my vindication
have not been published. lam told thai this
good man (referring to his friend, W. C. Pond)
made a speech in my favor last night and no
report was made of it. If it was against me
every syllable would be in the papers.
Moderator McLean remariced that the
press owed a debt to every man and
woman In the community to give as fair a
presentation of facts as they could in any
caw like the present. He had been in
formed by some of the representatives of
the press that the men who write the re
ports have no control of the matter which
they write after it reaches the hands of
the city editor. He suggested that it
would be in order to move that a request
be made to the newspapers to give a fair
report of both sides of the case.
Mr. Pond made the motion and it was
adopted unanimously. Dr. Brown added:
I want to say that I have it from authentic
sources that a discussion was held at the close
of the council of Friday evening of last week
between the representatives of two of the lead
ing dailies, and it was determined either In
this room or in the vestibule that the matter of
my remaiks regarding Mrs. Stockton should be
suppressed by them. It has been reported
here, and it rc'sched the ears of my dear, aged
father in Cleveland that when I severely criti
cized the council at one of its meetings I
lurried to my wife and said, ''We're gone, any
how." That rumor was false and has done me
very great damage.
The moderator expressed (he hone that
Dr. Brown's remarks would be given as
fully as the reporters could induce their
superiors in the editorial rooms to allow.
Lawyer Nagle then formally moved that
the testimony of Mrs. Cooper should be
stricken from tL» minutes as being hear
say.
l)r. Brown called the attention of the
council to the te.timonyof Mrs. Eaton as
being not only second-hand but lUird-kaud.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1806,
DR. BROWN AS A WITNESS — FROM SKETCHES MADE IN THE COUNCIL CHAMBER BY A "CALL" ARTIST.
"Her testimony is," continued the doctor,
"that Dr. Brown and Miss Overman said
to Mrs. Tnnnell 'lf you cannot stand by
us you had better go out,' and Mrs. Tun
nell told it to Mrs. Baton and Mrs. Eaton
told it to the council."
The moderator remarked that "for some
reason beyond the ken of the council the
presence of Mrs. Tunnell could not be se
cured. She was a witness of the utmost
importance, nnd any statements made by
her to a tnuhful woman like Mrs. Eaton,
whose evidence had not heen impeached,
was of weight and importance in the
present investigation."
Dr. Brown then took the stand and pro
ceeded to tell the story of his life from his
childhood up. In September, 1861, at the
age of l.'Vi years, he went to the war as
servant to his father, who was second lieu
tenrnt of Company C, Third Ohio Cavalry.
During ihe first year of the war he took
care of his father's horses and learned to
play the bugle. At the end of a year he
went to Oberlin, Ohio, where he studied
until December, iS'iS, when he re-enlisted
in the same company and regiment as a
bugler. There he remained until after the
close of the war and was discharged in
August, 18G5. On July 25, 1806, he was
married to his present wife and was de
barred from pursuing l»ia college studies
by reason of a rule prohibiting the further
attendance of students who sot married.
The witness made a lengthy explanation
of the anonymous letter " incident at
Rochester, in" which he had mistakenly
charged Dr. Spencer with having been the
author of the scurrilous letters. After he
discovered his error he made ample
amends and publicly apologized. He,
however, by the aid of experts in hand
writing very soon afterward ascertained
the identity of the real culprit.
Six months after he began his pastorate
in Tacoma and about a year before he
came to San Francisco he found Miss
Matiie Overman at his table at dinner one
Sunday and Mrs. Brown introduced him
to her. Miss Overman was not a member
of his churcn and she did not afterward
become a member. She sewed in his
family threetimes. He believed that Miss
Overman was introduced to his wife by the
wife of an ex-judge in Tacoma.
The witness saw nothing of her except
in the presence of his wife. After his
acquaintance began with her he used to
see her in cliurch, but not often. She was
supplying the needs of her family with
the lareer part of her earning and was
studying in a Cliautauqiia course ne be
lieved. That attracted his attention to
her particularly and he remarked to his
wife that Miss Overman was working
beyond her strength.
In June, 1892, Dr. Brown was called to
his present pastorate, and he was intro
duced to Mrs. Stockton either in the last
week of August or the first week of Sep
tember, 1893. She left the church the first
week in May, 1894.
The introduction was by Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper. "It was at the closs of the morn
ing service," continued Dr. Brown; "I
stood by Mrs. Cooper's side and this young
woman came directly up the central aisle
and shook hands with Mrs. Cooper. Mrs.
Cooper said, 'I want to introduce to you
Mrs. Stockton, formerly one of my kinder
garten teachers. 1 Mrs. Stockton said,
'Yes, I am very glad to meet Dr. Brown,
because I am coming into his church.' "
Dr. Brown went on to say that Mrs. S.
E. Dutton, teacher of the infant class,
wanted to take a vacation, and he sug
gested to Mr. Ray that Mrs. Stockton, who
was used to little children, would be just
the person to take charge of her class
during her absence.
"It came into my mind when I was in
troduced to her. and 1 kept it up after
ward that I would rind out aer character,"
added the witness. "I told Mr. Ray that
I would write to her former pastor at Port
Angeles, Rev. C. E. Chase. He was then
in Sonoma County, and from that place
hia reply was received. I did not know
that he had one of her children with him
at that time. The first Sunday in the fol
lowing November she came into the
church with a number of others. I asked
those who were to be baptized to step for
ward, Mrs. Stockton did not step for
ward, but. she entered into covenant with
the church. I assumed that she probably
had been baptized in her infancy.
"At the close of the evening service,
after I had pone into my office to get my
hat and coat to go home, I saw Mrs. Stock
ton in my office. She said, 'Excuse me,
Dr. Brown; I don't feel satisfied with my
reception in the church because I was not
baptized.' I said, 'I think some of the
church membsrs are here,' and Deacon
V;isconcellos said, 'Let us get some water
and she can be baptized here now; I see
no impropriety in it.' She was accordingly
baptized then and there."
The next stage of the testimony was the
episode of the kiss, and it was explained
in this way by the witness:
Airs. Stojfckton's little girl brought him
a note one day from Mrs. Stocl ton con
veying the information that she was sick
and would like him to call upon her. He
railed at 514 Sntter street, and in response
to his knock Mrs. Stockton bade him come
in. He entered, and passing through a
portiere into an Jinner room, found Mrs.
Stockton lying, not in the bed, but on <od
of the bed fully dressed. He stepped up
to the bed and shook hnnds with her, ex
pressed the hope that she would soon re
cover, and was surprised to rind that she
had not special business with him in rela
tion to the church. He supposed that she
had sent for him for the purpose of learn
ing what would be required of her before
she could come into the church. Said the
witness:
I offered a prayer and turned to go. and as I
did so she sprang up in the bed, threw her
arms around me and kissed me. That was the
fim time in my life that 1 ever encouatered
any tiling of that kind.
At the same moment he heard the door
shut and saw a woman's dress disappear
ing.
I said to Mrs. Stockton indignantly in pro
test, "I cannot understand what this means'."
She said, "Oh, that was nothing; only someone
coming in to call on me." Then I immediately
left the room.
It was the very first experience of that kind
that I had in a ministry of many years, and I
was not a little ularmed for fear that the wo
man had designs upon me. but nothing trans
pired. Mrs. Stockton cirme to me the following
Sunday and said that she hoped that I woula
not lay that up against her ani that I would
forgive her. i was willing to do so, as the
Christian spirit calls for forgiveness, and as 1
thought she had done what she (lid thought
lessly and under the influence of the excite
ment of the lever under which she was suffer
ing. 1 greatly feared that if any word about
the occurrence should be spoken there would
result a scandal and I acknowledge that I was
greatly in fear of such a thing happening. Ten
days or two weeks went by before she came
into the church. I thought deeply about it;
whether it was not my duty to speak about it,
and I can see now that it would have been
much better if I had done so.
As the days grew into weeks and the weeks
into months I thought of it only as «i transitory
and foolish impulse. 1 wish to say here in con
nection with this matter that Mrs. Stockton
was modestly dressed when she was intro
duced to me on the first two months of our
acquaintance. It impressed me that she was a
struggling young mother trying to earn her
living and my sympathies were aroused.
She asked me once for assistance in adjusting
some trouble she had with a certain friead of
hers who had been helpful to her in the past.
At her request I went to see that man. He was
a friend of her father's in his youth
and he told me that he had ma
terially helped her from time to time,
but had become very much offended with her.
He said to me: "You may depend upon it if
she has made a determination to join thp
church thai she is sincere." All that I did was
to state that she was going to join the church
and lead a Christian life, and that she hoped
that this aged man who had been a frienu of
her father's would give her what assistance he
could.
Mrs. Stockton attended the meetings of this
church in perfect decorum at the morning
services and on Wednesday evenings fre
quently. She mingled with the young ladies
and commended herself to the esteem of crit
ical people like Mrs. French, who named her
first of all on her programme for lhe Turkish
tea.
Attorney Najjle— l want to ask whether you
had any improper relations with Mrs. Stockton?
Dr. Brown— No; no, sir (with dramatic em
phasis).
Nagle— Did you in any way Decome familiar
with Mrs. Stockton?
Brown— Not in a bad sense.
Nagle— l mean in a bad sense?
Brown— No.
Dr. Brown went on to say that weeks
afterward he and his wife called upon Mrs.
Btockton twice. On one of these occasions
she was not at home. He never went to
see her alone. One afternoon, between 4
and 5 o'clock, she met him on Sutter
street. She extended her hand for a warm
shake; they had a few moments' conversa
tion. Then he passed on down the street
and she passed on up the street.
He was having a pood deal of printing
done at Brunt & Co.'s at 535 Ciay street
and also visited Deacon Vasconcello* on
Washington street, between Sansome and
Montgomery. The deacon was treasurer
and the purpose of the doctor in calling
on him so often was to get nionjy from
him to dispense iv charity among the de
serving poor.
The witness declared that he was not
sure that he had never been in the sub
treasury buiiding in this Ciiy, bat he bad
a distinct recollection that business in the
early part of his pastorate had called him
into the sub-treasury building. However,
he would not be positive about tnat. He
never saw Mrs. Stockton in the building,
but he saw her one day coming out of the
building. He thought that he bowed as
she passed, that was all.
One day while he was walking on Mont
gomery street she came up unexpectedly
at his 6ide and walked along with him for
a few blocks to Sutter street, where she
left him and took a car. On another oc
casion she walked with him as far as
Market street. Both these meetings were
accidental and unpremeditated. On an
other occasion he was visiting an elderly
woman, one of his parishioners, on Castro
Heights. When he got into the streetcar
there was ju?t room left for one person,
and Mrs. trtookton, who happened to be in
the cur, moved up so as to give him a seat
beside her. He left the car on Alvarado
street, near Castro, and visited his parish
ioner.
Dr. Brown could not recollect any other
occasion on which he met Mrs. Stockton
outside of the church. He said:
I think that when Mrs. Stockton moved from
514 Butter c treet to the Suther'- "id, and while
she was in the miclstof boxesan. bales, I went
In there to call on another person.
He could not remember the name of the
person upon whom he was calling at that
time.
In the April following, Mrs. Stockton
came to the Brown home with Mrs. Brown
and took lunch with them, and she went
with Mrs. Brown to a meeting addressed
by Rev. Dr. Henry in Odd Fellows' Hall.
The witness also thought that it was
possible that after the Christmas enter
tainment of the infants, Mrs. Stockton
came to his study door and remained two
or three minutes. That was in the day
time.
Attorney Nagle— Did you meet her in your
oftiee at any other time?
Dr. Brown— l think not.
Nagle— Did you ever in your office attempt to
kiss or caress her in any way ?
Brown— No, sir.
Nagle— Did you at any other time attempt to
caress that woman?
Brown— No, sir; her statement is false.
Naglc— Did yon ever have any clandestine
meeting with Mrs. Stockton at a*ny time out
side of this church?
Brown— No, sir; I nm not a clandestine man.
I nm not bout that way.
Nagle— Did you with any woman?
Brown — No, sir.
Dr. Brown recounted the Turkish tea
incident, and paid th»t Mrs. French had
made two charges to him against a certain
member of the church, which, upon inves
tipation, had been found to be unfounded,
except upon false rumors.
On the next day after Mrs. Siockton'had
shown him and Mrs. Brown the letter
which she had received from Mrs. French,
he and Mrs. Brown met Mrs. Stockton
casually near the Lotta fountain at about
4 o'clock in the afternoon. Deacon Eaton
came up and they walked down Market
street together, talking about the Turkish
tea letter. Mrs. Stockton asked Dr. Brown
whether he was going to allow Mrs. French
to give the Turkish tea in the meeting
room of tiie church, and he replied that
Mrs. French had as much right to the use
of that room as he had, whereupon Mrs.
Stockton remarked, "You'll hear from
this again."
"She was in a perfect rage," added the
witness.
The next day Mrs. Cooper told him in
confidence that Mrs. Stockton was an im
pure and disreputable woman and that it
made her flesh crawl when she saw Dr.
Brown and his wife in the car in company
"with that awful woman."
The next time I saw Mrs. Stockton was when
Fhe came into this room convoyed by Mrs.
Cooper and her daughter, one on 'one arm and
the other on the other.
He next told about a visit made to his
office by Mrs. Stockton in company with
another woman. Bhe asked him for a church
letter. She said that she was going to
move to Chicago. He told her that he
would cut off his right hand before he
would give her a letter. As she went away
she said, "You will hear from me."
Nagle (innocently)— Did you hoar from her?
Dr. Brown— Oh, yes, she has a way of making
her threats good.
Dr. Brown next told of the revelation
made to him by Lawyer George D. Gear to
the effect that Mrs. Stockton had made a
proposition to him to blackmail Dr.
Brown, and how Mr. Gear had nobly
offered to do what he could to assist the
doctor. He declined to act as the doctor's
attorney for the reason that it would be
unprofessional.
The visit of Mrs. Stockton and a lawyer
to the witness' house was next detailed.
The doctor ordered tbe man out of the
house, but afterward apologized to him
when he learned that the man had not
come on a blackmailing errand.
After Mrs. Davidson's arrest Mrs.
Cooper wrote the doctor a letter, he said,
in which she expressed sympathy for him.
and she continued in that strain of mind
until the time when Mrs. Stockton's name
was mentioned in connection with his.
Mr. Naglft said that the object of this
testimony was to show that Mrs. Cooper
was persecuting Dr. Brown. The witness
*m
then went on to say that the reason he
bud not 3poken concerning the revelation
as to Mrs. Stockton's character made to
him Dy Mrs. Cooper was because that rev
elation had been made to him under the
most solemn pledge of secrecy. He denied
having paid Mrs. Stockton $600 or any
other suns at any time.
The Miss Overman episode was then
taken up. When she came to his house to
do sewing he saw that she was in ill
health and he pitied her in his heart. He
and hi 3 wife asked her to stay with them,
and after Miss Overman had heard from
her mother she consented to do so. He
never went to the seaside or anywhere else
with Miss Overman. It was no unusual
thing, he said, for young people to live at
his house. At the time Miss Overman
came there t'nere was a young medical
student named Arthur Finch stopping
with the Browns.
The witness handed Mr. Woodhams a
letter to read which he had recently re
ceived from Mr. Finch. It expressed sym
pathy for the doctor in his trouble, and
when Mr. Woodhams read the following
sentence: "I think it is another effort to
bring disgrace on» all our Protestant
churches, Dr. Brown interrupted Mr.
Woodhams with the remark that he re
gretted that expression. "I have special
reasons for regretting that this matter has
been brought in."
"Sh! Sh!" exclaimed Lawyer Nagle
warhingly. "That has nothing "to do with
this case."
Dr. Brown made a special request of the
reporters that they would not publish the
sentence in the letter that had shocked
him so much. x
The Tacoma trip was then detailed. It
corroborated Miss Overman's statement in
every detail. What was new in it was the
statement of Dr. Brown that Mr. Judab of
the Southern Pacific Company gave him
the half-fare rate for Mattie and himself.
The witness emphatically denied that he
had spoken of Miss Overman as his niece.
"When Miss Overman left this City with
me for Tacoma it was with my wife* kiss
fresh upon her lips," added Dr. Brown
impressively.
Here a recess was taken until 7 p. m.
THE EVENING SESSION.
Deacon Williams of Oakland Sug-
nests a Resolution Favorable
to Dr. Brown.
When the evening Bession convened
with a large crowd present Moderator Mc-
Lean was not present, but it was decided
to go on without him. Attorney Nagle,
who, with Dr. Brown at his elbow, occu
pied a seat in front of the platform, called
Mrs. William E. Aber, who in answer to
the attorney's questions said that she had
been a member of the church for two
years and knew Miss Overman, Mrs. David
son and Dr. Brown.
■When did you first meet Miss Overman ?
At a meeting of the teachers of the Sunday
school.
Did you have frequent conversations with
her? "♦-,'.■; :;•;, ' ■ •. ■ ■-, • .
I did.
Regarding Dr. Brown?
Yes, sir.
■ Did she express any opinion of him?
: Yes. She always spoke of him in the highest
terms."- She told me once that he was a man
who carried his Christian spirit into nis daily
life. ; : :• ,■'' :■■.■. ■r  ; -.■ . - -- .-■•:
Did you have a conversation with her shortly
before she went to Tacoma?
Yes, we talked of her trip.
Did you give her any advice about It?
Yes, I suggested that she wait until the next
week before starting. r
Was Dr. Brown going north during the next
week that you mention?
So I understood. I thought she could wait
and ho could escort her.; .
; Do you know whether she took your advice?
I believe she went north at the same time
that Dr. Brown aid.' -
* Did you see her on hor return?
Yes, I met her in this room at the close of
Sabbath-school one day shortly after she re
turned. "
What conversation, if any, did you have at
that time? ; V '
- She told me that she had been very ill while
in Tacoma. I asked her if she was still stop
ping with the Browns, and she .said-no, that
Mrs. Davidson had asked her to come to her
house and that she was staying there for a
while. After. that I saw her frequently.
||l Mrs. Aber further testified ; : that shortly
after Miss Overman's return she told the
witness that she had made up her mind to
unite with the church, 'but that she had
never done, so, as : she waited for Mrs.
Davidson to join with her. ; She said Mrs."
Davidson and Miss Overman came to her
house to take tea with her on the 10th ■of
last December, and to spend the evening,
and that after ten Miss Overman said s:.e
had : a 'very important engagement. ;. and
would have to leave. This caused witness
great surprise, as \ th« visitors ? had V agreed
to sj/vuil the evening with her, She aitcx
ward learned through the newspapers that
th ; 3 appointment was with Dr. Brown and
Airs Davidson and concerned the black
mailing matter. In subsequent conversa
tions that she had with Miss Overman and
Mrs. Davidson each tried to injure the
other in the estimation of wants*, bhe
was asked to relate a conversation that
took place between her and Mies Overman
on a certain day, but showed a strong
disinclination to do so. On the sugges
tion of Mr. Nagle it was decided to hear
this testimony in private.
The following cross-examination, con
ducted by Mr. Kee, then ensued:
Do you remember Dr. Brown calling on Mrs.
Davidson during prayer-meeting since Novem
ber last? _  . .
The last time I remember Mrs. Dav.ason talc
ing part in the meetings was when Dr. Brown,
on there being a pause, said that the meeting
belonged to those present. Mrs. Davidson then
arose to pray. It was ti beautiful prayer. An
other time she got up and spoke and apolo
gized for doing so, and 1 think Dr. Bro-.vn
might have said something in answer to her
apology. Dr. Brown did not ask her to take
part.
Then Dr. Pond asked the witness if she
had read the testimony of Miss Overman
as published in the papers, and when she
answered that she had he asked her if she
still considered Miss Overman a Christian
woman.
Dr. McLean objected to this line of ex
amination, the question was withdrawn
and Dr. Pond desisted from asking any
more questions.
Mr. Nagle then called for Miss Evans,
Mr. Lovely and Mrs. Tyler, but none of
these intended witnesses for Dr. Brown re
sponded.
The testimony of Mrs. Halligan, the
landlady of Mrs. Davidson, and of Mrs.
Mevers, the former partner of Mrs. David
son" was then read, it having been pro
cured by a committee of councilmen, who
called oil these ladies in company with Dr.
Brown. Nothing of importance was con
tained in either statement.
Attorney Nagle then read the testimony
given by Detective Seymour during the
preliminary hearing of Mrs. Davidson be
fore Judge" Campbell on the charge of
forgery.
Deacon Vasconcellos, under the question
ing of Attorney Na;jle, related the circum
stances under which Mrs. Stockton was bap
tized in the office of Dr. Brown. He entered
Dr. Brown's office on a Sunday after
the morning's service, and was surprised
to find Mrs. Stockton sitting or leaning on
a lounge. A few moments later Dr. Brown
entered and asked the witness if he would
assist in the baptism of M r s. Stockton.
Dr. Brown explained that Mrs. Stockton
had not understood him when he asked all
those who had recently joined the church
to come forward and be baptized, and
wanted to be baptized then. Tne cere
mony was duly performed.
Deacon Vasconcellos also testified that
Dr. Brown had been in the habit of calling
at hia office on Washington street, be
tween Montgomery and Sansome, three
and four time 3 a week, generally between
the hours of 3 and sp. m. / He had never
seen Dr. Brown come to or leave the
church with any lady other than his wife
during all the time he has been pastor of
the church, and could not remember hav
ing heard Dr. Brown call on Mrs. David
son to take part in any prayer-meeting
after November.
No sooner had Deacon Vasconcellos left
the stand ti>an Deacon E. D. Williams of
the First Congregational Church of Oak
land rose from his seat and gave voi-e to
the sensation of thG evening.
"We are all convinced," he oaici, "that
Dr. Brown has not been unduly intimate
with any woman at any time or any place,
and I suggest that the council admit it. I
move it bs decided 'hat the council be sat
isiied that Dr. Brown is not in the habit of
meeting any woman in the church or on
the street or any place, and not let us
waste time in trying to prove what we
cannot prove."
There was a murmur in the crowd and
the people leaned forward in their interest.
The resolution meant a great deal to both
sides. Mr. Nagle was the first to break
the silence.
"If such a resolution prevails," said he,
"the* defense has no more testimony to
offer. Of course Dr. Brown will go ;On the
stand and make his stu.ement; he desires
to do so; but if this resolution bo passed
we have no more eviu^nce to submit."
Dr. McLean looked around for a second
to Deacon Williams' motion. The second
came indefinitely from one group of the
council members.
"You have heard the motion," said the
moderator. "Those who favor it will raise
their hands." Then, after a pause,
"Those opposed. The motion is carried."
There was not a dis3enti:.g hand raised.
NEW, TO-DAY.
I
At a recent test
by experts it
was found that
the only popu-
lar priced cigar
not made by
machine was
the "ROBERT
MANTELL/'
. Mantells shipped to country dealers on
approval; subject to return at our expense
if unsatisfactory.
THE WERTHEIMER CO., Agents.
A PHYSICIAN WHO HAS DEVOTED THIR-
-^V. t.v years to the treatment of blood disease, and :
who is in possession of a formula which has never I
failed to cure syphilis In any stage. ; will : taKe any .
case under a positive guarantee to cure orrefun-i
money. : Consult ■ him at once. Write for full in-
formation, free, to the MofTat Chemical Co., room 1, ■
632 Market st., San Francisco, Cal. ;■■ Open evenings •
.7 to 8 and Sundays 10 to 12. »
THESUCCESSOFTHESEASOi
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
■ '■... — -OF THE-— .V. .
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OfEN UNTIL, MIDNIGHT.
L .^patents: 5
MARKET ST.S.fSi£S/
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/IHARLES H. ; PHILUP.c, ATTORNEY-ATi •
V law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo>
■lte Palace Hotel. Kesidence, 16*20 Fell st. icia»
, auoae 679. KeiU2«no# t«l«uho&«, "Pint UOil."although not every hand went up in favor
of the motion— in fact only a few voted at
all — but it was declared a unanimous vote,
and the audience drew a deep breath and
commenced to murmur ajrain.
The council adjourned then, but only to
resume session in a back room and free
from the presence of the people. There
were two witnesses whose stories were for
the council, not for the crowd, so to ac
commodate them a session for them alone
was ordered.
Testimony had been introduced to show
that Dr. Brown had been cordial to Mrs.
Davidson, even after the ?500 transaction
had taken place, that he had asked her to
speak in the prayer-meetings, and tnat he i
had spoken words of commendation and
praise and hope and encouragement after
Bhe had finished her prayer or said her
say before the prayer-meetings on Wednes- j
day nights. This testimony Noble Lovely •
and Mrs. E. M. Smedley had facts to con"- !
tradict, but Mrs. Sciedley would not speak j
10 the multitude, and seeing that she
would have to have an extra session any
way Mr. Lovely decided to secrete him
self with the council also.
Mr. Lovely was the hrst witness called
after the executive session opened. He
remembered quite vividly the praycr
meetinsr held on the "Wednesday evening
before Mrs. Davidson's arrest. i?he cave a !
lovely prayer, and he becoming interested j
asked his neighbor who she was. Nor
did she stop at the prayer, for afterward
she spoke to the meeting, uttering words
of comfort and cheer. But Dr. Brown had
sat through it all without a word; the
witness noticed tnat Jie looked sober and
distressed and annoyed. He remembered
it because Dr. Brown had looked sober
and distressed and annoyed — so different
from his usual custom. He looked serious, j
too, and bored, and so evident was the
doctor's discomfort that the witness com
mented upon it at home, and afterward
when he went to see Dr. Brown he spoke
of it, too. In the meantime Mrs. David
son had been arresied, and that explained \
the whole matter.
The members of the council were curious
to know how it was Mr. Lovely fixed the j
date of the prayer-meet ing. They wanted, I
too, to know the theme of Mrs. Davidson's
excellent discourse. The witness finally
decided that he fixed the dnte because
Mrs. Davidson had never prayed and ,
spoken at a prayer-meeting before, bhe ;
had prayea and she had spoken, but not,
before had she lifted up her voice under
both conditions in the rrayer-mcctintrs of
the church. As to the theme* the deacon
could not remember it, nor could sugges
tions from Dr. Brown that the themes be :
read for the witness to choose, nor the
probing questions of the councilmen or j
Attorney Na«le bring the themes which j
*o interested him back to the witness.
Then Nagle asked:
Did you notice Dr. Brown : s attitude toward
Yes. lie never made any remark. He looked
very much bored and annoyed.
\\as his conduct such as to cause comment ?
Tli^en the witness tola how he had called
on Dr. Brown last Sunday and had spoken
ol the occurrence he had testified to. He
had told Dr. Brown what he had noticed
ami he had agreed to toil the council.
Mr. Sink asked why he was not willing
to make the statement in public, and he
said Mrs. Smedley objected, and he de
ckled she was right. Then Dr. Brown
asked :
I want .you to state if I led you at all when
you came to see me— if I suggested anything or
any p*r' of the«:ory to you.
Why. not in the least, doctor, rtplied the
IS. Vo'i were rather sick. 1 guew •!
bored you; I thought so after Heft the house.
More questions as to how he fixed the
date were fired at the witness, and then be
gave place to Mrs. bmedley.
Mrs. Smedley is Mr. Lovely'a cousin.
•10, vu at the prayer-meeting, and
she, tco, told th« story that Mr. Lovely
had given. She, too. said Dr. Brown
looked sad and annoyed and did not Bpeak
after Mrs. Davidson was through. He
usually spoke after any one had talked
for any extended period, but this time Le
had not. Kis omission fixed the matter
indelibly upon her mind.
Then Mr. Tenney asked: "Are you sure
you have not attached the iook to Dr.
Brown's face since Mrs. Davidson's ar-
"Not thai I Knowof," said Mrs. Smediey,
and then the meeting adjourned.
Afterward the councilmen were called
together acain and they decided that after
the morning session to-day they will ad
antil half-past 10 on Tuesday
morning.
WHO IS DR. BROWN?
The Pertinent Investigation a Ca
nadian Postmaster Wants
Made.
The Federal Department is in receipt af
an odd letter from a postmaster in Canada.
The worthy official is anxious, as his com
munication will show, to know more
about the Brown-Overman scandal, and he
is not averse to asking for particular?, al
though he seems at sea as to the best butt
for his inquirj'.
This is his letter:
Melbourne, Canada, Feb. 22, 1306.
Dear Sir: I saw a piece in one of the daily
papers concerning a certain Rev. Dr. Brown of
your City who the papers stated had not acted
prudently and there was trouble. Would you
kindly describe the man to* me and note par
ticularly his expression of eyes and of his
hands. "Please let this be strictly private, and
oblige Postmaster, Melbourne. Box 103.
■ P. £. Kindly state also if he has a wife and
how many children. Please reply as soon as
possible G. W. S.
As there is no particular department in
the Federal Department here the duties of
which are to look utj the matters in ques
tion the Canadian postmaster's inquiry is
likely to go unanswered. The clerk 3
around the Federal building, however,
spent a few minute? each yesterday doing
;he best they could to satisfy the inquiry
by sending the inquirer clippings of Dr.
Brown and everybody else connected with
the case as illustrated in the daily papers.
They aid not even forget to send pictures
of band^ and sections of bodies foreign to
the subject as photographed by means of
the cathode ray.
BACK TO THE BOARD.
Bituminous Kock Specifications Will
Be Again Voted on by the
Supervisors.
The owners of bitumen deposits and
contractors interested iv bituminous rock
street work appeared before the Street
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to talk over the proposed speci
fications for bituminous rock work that
were vetoed by Mayor Sutro some time
ago and sent back to the committee for
further consideration.
The Jordan bituminous rock representa
tives insisted that a provision allowing 10
per cent of sand to be mixed with the ma
terial should be put in the specifications,
while other owners objected, claiming that
rock that could not be used without the
mixture with sand was not fit for streets
whore heavy traflic was carried on. The
opinion was freely expressed that sand
destroys the life of bitumen. It was finally
decided to send the matter back to the full
board in its present form, and permit the
members to pass the measure over the
Mayor's veto or not as they see fit.
The streetcar companies that have failed
to obey the provisions of their franchises,
requiring them to keep the space between
their tracks up to grade and paved were
given a warning regarding the matter.
Property-owners on Washington street,
between Front and Davis, complained that
tne Ferric? and Presidio Company had
failed to keep the pavement in that block
in order and the Superintendent of Streets
was instructed to notify the company to
be^in the necessary work witniu three
days or the City would have it done and
assess the cost to the corporation. It was
intimated that unless the corporation
lives up to the provisions of its franchise
steps will be taken to have the same for
feited.
The committee decided to recommend
that no plank sidewalks be laid hereafter
in the City. The members agreed that in
lieu of piank sidewalks in the suburban
districts, the Street Superintendent should
require the laying of concrete or bitumen
to the width of at least three feet.
FATHER YORKE
TO REV. MR. ROSS.
Considers Quotations From
a Textbook on Canon
Law.
POPE'S TEMPORAL POWER
Further Charges of Mutilating
Authorities Are Openly
Made.
REFERENCE TO THE CHALLENGE
Relation of Church and State Ex
plained—A Papal Power That
Is Dsad.
Rev. Peter C. Yorke, in his reply to Rev.
Donald M. Ross, presents the following
letter:
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: Yesterday
I considered D. Ross' mutilation of Manning;
to-day I will examine his quotations from
Smitn's Textbook of Canon Law. I have al
ready shown trial this textbooic is nothing but
a textbook, snd that when Ko*s claims any
more authority for it than that of a textbook
he is aitiiisi with his accustomed aishonesty.
1 have also examined two quotations from it.
one concerning the authority to be ascribed to
modes oi civil procedure when used in church
courts and the other concerning that hack
neyed subject, the Bull Unam Sanctam. it is
not necessary, therefore, to examine these
again. I al.-o reserve all the extracts concern
ing marriage for a separate letter.
THE DEPOSING POWER.
Several times in this controversy I have ex
plained toe nature of the deposing power.
I'urine the middle as;es the Popes deposed eer
;>U!i Tue right was one given
them by the Christian constitution of Europe.
After the middle ages that practice passed
away, because the constitution of Europe was
fundeinentaliy changed.
Now Ross brings us this question of the de
posing power again as if it had never been
heard of before. He brings it up to prove his
contention that the Pope and the priests ought
to have dominion over temporal affairs. This
is his argument:
I quote now from the same work, volume 1, of
Ecclesiastical . Law, po?e 252. The head of the
page, in large letters across the top, reads,- "On the
rights of the Supreme Pontiffs in temporal affairs."
i hen under It there are lour different points. You
see? Peter C. Yorke can quote 1, and I can quote
2, and he can quote 3, and I can quote 4, and then
we can chew the air for the rest or the year and not
g-t near each other. Well, after writing a great
deal about it this conclusion is arrived at: The
first is untenable, the second is heretical, the
third advanced by Bellarmine " and ■ others
maintains that the Pope has "jure dlvlno"
on y spiritual, but no direct or immediate tem
poral power: tUat, however, by virtue of his
spiritual authority he is possessed of power, indi
rect indeed, but nevertheless supreme in temporal
concern of Christian rulers and people: that he
may therefore depose Christian sovereigns should
the spiritual welfare of a nation so demand. Thus,
as a matter of fact, .Pope Innocent IV, in pro
nouncing-sentence of deposition against Frederick
11, explicitly says that he deposes the
Emperor "anctoritate apostoliea et vi clav
ium." The fourth opinion holds that the sov
ereign Pontiff has full spiritual authority over
princes no less time over the faith, to instruct
them in their respective duties, to correct and
inflict spiritual punisb-ment upon both rulers and
peoples, but that "jure diviDo" he has no power, as
asserted by Bellarrnine, whether direct or indirect,
in the temporal affairs of Catholic sovereigns and
peoples.' * ■*.-* The third and fourth seem to
(lifter chiefly as to the deposing power of the Po«es,
but agree in granting that the Roman Pontiff
hag an indirect power ill temporal things: both
may be lawfully held. -.- ■■'.. •
■.That question is from volume 1 Of Ecclesl&stial
Law, page '-'52. r
Concerning this quotation, let me remark in
passing that it is t-o badly mutilated that even
with the original before me l had difficulty in
recognizing it. The opening words are taken
from page 252, then D. Ross skips back to page
251. He works slowly over to the top of page
252 again. Tfeeoce he dives into tne middle of
the paragraph and comes to a full stop.
CATHOLIC DOCTRINE,
However, this is immaterial. The point to
be noticed is that B.Ross evidently does not
understand the terms of my chal
lenge. When I called on him to produce from
Catholic publications these four propositions,
or the substance of them. 1 was careful to add
'■a« expressions of Catholic doctrine or teach
ing." Now the term Catholic doctrine or
teaching has a very definite signification.
It means those things which Catholics are
bound to believe. It rulers to the dogmas of
the faith, the truths of revelation. Therefore
when D. Ross laments that there are two or
three opinions among Catholics on a certain
point he virtually confesses that neither of
these opinions is Catholic doctrine. The fact
that, they are disputed shows that the Catholic
Church doe* not teach one or the other. Hencu
opinions about the deposing power of the Pope
are as much Catholic doctrine as opinions
about the habitability of the moon or the
canals of Mars.
IND IRFXT TEMPORAL POWKR.
This indirect temporal power which gives D.
Ross and his fellow-patriots such concern is a
very simple matter and I cannot remember
now how rnanv ti::ies I have explained it. Per
mit me tc make a last effort to show what it
really mean?.
1. There are two powers which divide between
them the government of the human race —
church and Mate.
2. The state has its own sphere, namely, the
temporal or civil, and withiu that sphere it
is supreme.
3. The church hasitsown sphere, namely, the
spiritual, and in spirituals the church is su
preme.
4. The power of the sfnte is a temporal power
because it comes Immediately from a temporal
source and is concerned with temporal things.
5. The power of the church is a spiritual
power because it comes immediately from a
spiritual source and is concerned about
spiritual things.
<j. The power of the state does not touch
things spiritual because as in this country
the state has no right to interfere with re'-
ligion.
7. The spiritual power of the church is exer
cised upon men and upon such temporal
things as church buildings, societies and the
like.
8. Tn speaking of a government we often de
nominate its power from the object on which
it is exercised. We speak of the military
I power of the United States, not that we meau
I that our Government is founded on bayonets,
! but that the power is exercised over military
• bodies. We speak of the colonial power of the
British Government, not meaning that the
colonies give power to toe British Govern- I
ment, but that the power is exercised over the
colonies.
9. Hence, as the spiritual j ower of the
Chord) is exercised over men and certain tem
poral things, we speak of that spiritual power
as an indirect temporal power. We do not
mean thereby that the Pope or the church
uoimiMOl civil or temporal dominion or sover
eignty, but that the spiritual power of the
church is exercised over temporal things.
Hence you will remark that Bellarmine is
careful to say that the Pope's power is only
! .spiritual, and that no matter how he may rise
it or on what he may use it, that power still
remains spiritual.
There is nothing in this theory, or in any
i other theory held among Catholics, to show
! that the Pops and the priests ought to have
I dominion or ■DYenign authority over tem
i poral things. When the Methodist uhureh
j collects large sums of money for missionary
purposes are we to suppose that it is claiming
sovereignty over the United States? When
the Presbyterian kirk uses its authority to
promote the cessation of work of Sunday are
we to believe that Presbyterians are running
th* country?
The indirect temporal power of the Pope
means merely that he may use his spiritual
authority on temporal concern*. For instance,
i ii be thinks that the liquor traffic is a menace
! to good morals he might forbid the liquor
I traffic. But his prohibition would only be by
spiritual authority, and would be efficacious
only for those who" recognize that spiritual au
thority. We would speak of that spiritual
authority, however, as the indirect temporal
power, because it Is concerned with temporal
things, namely, the liquor traffic.
What menace is there to our ireedom in this
power? pearly all the Protestant churches
have exercised this indirect temporal power
in this particular case. Are we therefore to
suppose that they are seeking dominion over
temporal things ?
TO DEPOSE CLEVELAND.
But it may be urged suppose the Pope should
declare it a menace to good moral? * ■ "over
Cleveland should retain the Preslnen h*ir.
The supposition might be reason» v>; -y - -by a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH G, J896.
smile and a request not to indulge in absur
dities.
llowever, D. Ross, with true Scotch uncon
sciousness of the ludicrous, goes on with his
alleged argument:
But to return to the quotation from ecclesiastical;
law. "By what right was the deposing power ex
erted by the sovereign pontiffs?" That is a ques
tion that is taken from page 258 of the ecclesias
tical law, and is the heading. In other words, the
question is simply this: The Catholic church asks
by what right should the Pope of Rome = tell
rover Cleveland ■ to step down and out of the
White House at Washington? By what right was
the deposing power of any: king exercised by the
Pope of Home? That is what . 1 would like -to
know: By what right? This Is the answer:.
There are "two opinions among Catholic, writ
ers." Now you know . Father Yorke would quote
one of these opiuions and' I , would quote. the
other and we would both be right. Tho most slip
pery business I over haa anything to do with is the,
business of sliding; around among these books, as I
have for the last three months. Bat It snys:
"There are two opinions among Catholic writers.
The one holds that it was exercised merely by vir- j
tue of the 'jus publlcum'— that means the public
right, the public defense as we would call it — the
medieval ages. The other that the deposing power
as exercised by Gregory V II and the; Other Pon
tiffs is inherent in the primacy, being included in
the indirect power of the Pope In temporal things. i
This opinion is thus expressed In our article on
Gregory VII published In 'Brownson's Quarterly
Review, # pril, 1875. 'The power itself (i. c., of
deposing Princes) In ra^ice we hold is inherent in
the Papacy, the power in action or its exercise de
pends on external circumstances.' " tfc
In other words, it you can kick him ; off tho
throne then it Is of course right to do it. but if you
cannot you bad better let him; alone,. But this is
significant. By what right was the deposing power
exercised by the sovereign Pontiffs of Rome? That
question is taken from the canon law of the Catno
lic church. By wb'at right did the • Popes turn
Kings off their thrones? By what right did the
Popes of Home overturn Governments? By what
right did the Roman Catholic church depose sov
ereigns? We are told that he did it because the
right was inherent in the papacy. My friends, if
the right Is inherent in the Catholic church to turn
Presidents or Kings from their thrones or seats. is
it not true that the Catholic church teaches that it
ought to have dominion over temporal affairs?
And the Catholic church teaches that the right
to depose sovereigns, the right to overturn Govern
ments, is inherent in the papacy, and yet 1 am
asked and defied to iind in Catholic publications
any proof that the Catholic church teaches that it
ought to have dominion over temporal affairs. The
extract just read is taken from volume 1, pago
258, of the Ecclesiastical .Law.
I now read from the same volume, page 269:
1 1" Pope Pius -IX, in one of his' discourses, says
that the right of deposing princes has nothing to
do with the pontifical infallibility, neither does it
How from the infallibility, but from the authority
of the Pontiff. Of course a Catholic is bound, not
only by what the Pope defines ex cathedra, but
also to accept and obey what he otherwise com
mands." . ~ . ...
I know of nothing more dishonest, more con
sciously unfair than the above excerpt. Ross
informs his audience that the Pope has the
right to depose Cleveland, or to depose any
other ruler, mid he informs them that Cath
olics claim that such right is inherent in the
Papacy.
Yet the very opening sentence of the para
graph showed that the author did not recog
nize the "deposing power" as having any ex
igence now. He says, "This question is at
present of little consequence." It is a histori
cal question merely, and deals with the power
exercised in the middle ages.
Again, Ross makes it appear as if the church
haxi tne right to depose Grover Cleveland, yet
this very same opening sentence informed him
that even in the middle ages the deposing
power could be exercised only on Princes
"who are Catholics, not only as individuals
but as rulers; in other words, only those
Princes who are at the head of Catholic na
tions, where the Catholic religion is the only
religion recognized by law."
Moreover he goes on strumming the same
old string, the right is inherent in the Papacy,
the Pope claims the right of deposing the Pres
ident of the United States, yet this absolutely
honest man, I). Ross, had before his eyes this
sentence on page 259: "While therefore in
FORMER TIMES THE EXERCISE OF THE DEPOSING
POWSB WAS LEGITIMATE, IT WOULD NOT BE LEGITI
MATE AT PRESENT.' '
Ido not think, Mr. Editor, that any other
demonstration of V. Ross's dishonesty is
needed. No wonder he still refuses to submit
his authorities to three unbiased non-Caiholic
lawyers. No wonder he chose Sherman, a man
purblind with passion, to be his judge. Judas
Iseariot would deal gently with the slips of
Ananias.
THE INHERENT RIGHT.
Eut what is meant by the statement that the
deposing power is inherent in the papaiy?
Let us remember that all agree that the jus
rniblicum of medieval Europe recognized this
power in the Pope. Jus nuWieum does not
mean, as onr Latin scholar D. Ross says, public
defense, but it means practically the constitu
tion of Christian Europe. Just as the federated
States of thifi Union recoenize tUfi Supreme
Court as a court of last resort, so the Christian
States of Europe recognized tiie Pope as a su
preme court.
Sow the question arises why did they so rec
ognize him? We recognize the Supreme Court
because the Supreme Oourt has been created
for that purpose. Why did the European
powers recognize the Pope a3 their civil su
preme court since he had been created for
other purposes?
The answer is given in the quotation: "In
radice tlie power is inherent in the Papacy."
D. Ross quickly drops "in radice" and does
not seem to know whether it means house rent
or radishes. "In radice" means ''in the root."
and the whole expression signifies that the de
posing power conferred in the Pope by the n«
tions had its root in the very idea of the
Papacy. That is to say, there is something in
the very nature of the Papacy which would
suggest to people in the middle ages, who were
anxious to constitute a Supreme Court, to se
lect the Pope for that office.
What, therefore, is that power In the Papacy
which the nations of medieval Europe consid
ered as good rea-on for making the Pope their
arbitrator? It is known as the power of the
keys. The Pope was supreme in spiritual mat
ters. He was the hea •: of the universal re
ligion; tlierefore when the European states
wished to erect a supreme court they naturally
looked to the Pope. They did this thu more
readily thatt.;e questions they wished to bring
beforettiis court were really religious ques
ti'<n«i, namely, the moral titi.jss of their rulers.
Hence it is said thnt at the root of this depos
ing power lay something which is inherent in
the Papacy, or that the germ of the deposUig
power, as il existed in the middle ages, was to
be found in the very idea of a Supreme Pontiff.
How dishonest i*. Is to twist these words
around and make them mean that the Pone
teaches that he ought to have that power
again! I). Ross quotes from Pius IX to sus
tain his opinion, but let me finish the whole
quotation. I have already used it in my reply
to Dr..\Vendte, but it extinguishes the later as
well as the earlier ftaud:
This right of deposing princes without doubt has
been exercised by the supreme pontiffs from time
to time in extreme cases, but it has nothing to do
with the pontifical inlallibility, neither does it
flow from the infallibility but from the authority
Of the Pontiff.
Moreover, the exercise of this right in thoie
ages of faith which respected in the Pope that
which he la. that is to say, the supreme judge of
Christendom, and recognized the benefit of his tri
bunal In the great contentions of peoples and of
sovereigns, was freely extended by aid of public
jurisprudence and the common consent of nations
to the gravest interests of states and of their
rulers..
But altogether different are the conditions of the
present time from the condition of those aces, and
malice alone can confound things so diverse— that
i* to say, the infallible judgment in respect to
truths of divine revelation with the ri*h« . which
the Popes exercised in virtue of heir authority
when the<-ornnion good demanded it. They knew
.better than we, and everybody can discern the rea
son why such an absurd confusion of ideas is
stirred Tip at this time, and why hypothetical eases
are paraded of which no man thinks. It is lie
cause every pretext, even the most frivolous and
furthest from the truth, In eagerly caught at, pro
vided it be of a kind to give us annoyance and to
excite civil rulers against the church. .
To sum up then the deposing- power of the
Pope was a right given him in the middles
ages. That deposing power no longer exist*.
In fact, its. exercise would not be legitimate
now, yet D. Ross proclaims it to the world as
proof that the Pope and the priests ought to
have dominion over temporal affairs. Yours
truly, P. C. Yohke.
Curious Coincidences.
"SpeaKing of curious coincidences of our
everyday life, two little things happened a
short time ago that are, pertiaps, worthy
of repeating," said an insurance man to
another. "My wife has long wished for
an olive fork. We had used a table-fork
"and then substituted a pair of candy tongs,
but neither proved to be the right thing.
A few evenings before Christmas my wife
asked me to Duy an olive fork, but I wasn't
overburdened with money at the time, and
so, much aeainst my will, I was obliged to
ask her to wait a little. As I was about
to step into the office building the next
morning I saw directly in front of me a
small jewelers' box. and inside it there
lay the identical fork my wife wanted. I
sent .'i note to the jeweler, telling him the
owner could have it by calling at my
house. No one ever came, and at present
it is in active service on my dining-room
table.
"Sometime before this a young girl,
who had become encaged to a chum ot
mine, wanted a small, chased gold ring in
lieu of a solitaire diamond. In our quest
we entered a shop and in one of the cases
we saw a pretty rin -. When we looked at
it we noticed in the inside some engraved
initials, which proved to be those of my
chum and his affianced. The salesman
said that the ring hail been ordered sev
eral months previous, but had never been
called for. My friend never told the inci
dent to his betrothed until after their mar
riaee. Curious instances of coincidences,
were they not?"— New York Tribune.
EXTERMINATING THE CRAB
The Industry in the Bay Has
Grown to Threatening
Proportions.
PROHIBITORY LAWS NEEDED.
Fish Commissioners Have Become
Alarmed at the Wholesale
Slaughter.
The Fish Commissioners are deeply con
cerned over the imminent extermination
of the crab in and about San Francisco
bay, and propose to have a clause inserted
in the game laws at the next session of the
Legislature to save this edible fish.
It was only recently that the matter was
brought under the attention of the State
authorities. Then an investigation was
made into the condition of the crab-fishing
industry, with a view of ascertaining in
what measure this rumored extermination
was progressing. The facts gleaned were
a surprise to those interested in preserving
the crab and proved to be interesting news
for fishermen themselves.
It is well known that the crab lives almost
exclusively about the bay of San Fran
cisco, and that conditions, though ap
parently alike in other places along the
coast of California, are not favorable to the
crab. A test is being made at Monterey
and San Diego with transplanted crabs
from San Francisco, but for all practical
purposes at present the supply of crabs
must come from this bay. Consequently
the enormous catch is regarded with grave
suspicions, and it is held by those who
understand this fish that some protective
measures must be adopted.
Small and insignificant as the industry
of crab-catching may appear it is never
theless an important source of revenue.
At the present time there are about sixty
boats engaged in this industry in San
Francisco. The business is largely pur
sued outside the heads of the Golden Gate
and along the south shore. Each boat has
two men who work in partnership. Their
average daily catch is ten dozen craba to
a boat. Now this makes a total of 7-00 a
day, or 2,628,000 crabs a year, from which
figures it. is inferred that the crab cannot
last many years. The average price ob
tained from retailers by the crab-fishers is
50 cents a dozen, and at that rate the fish
ers earn above all expenses about $12 a
weefc each. These figures were obtained
at the wnarf from men who have watched
the fishing industry in all its phases. The
Fish Commission estimated that in 1892
the total amount received from crab fish
ing was $102,900, which, at the rate of 30
cents a dozen, would make the entire catch
for the year about 2,500,000.
President Murdoch of the commission
said there were well-grounded fears for the
future of the crab in these waters.
"There are more boats in the business
now than ever before," he said, "and it
has grown to immense proportions. The
female crab is taken witti the male, and
we nave found that millions, probably, of
spawn are thus lost. The female is a
sDiall, puny fish in comparison with the
male, which is far and away better for
food. Indeed, the female is hardly an
edible fish. But everything is fish that
comes into the crabcatchers' nets. By
protecting the female the crab may be
preserved for future generations. That
can be done by the fishermen dropping the
females back into the water from their
nets, and this we propose to niflke com
pulsory by having a law to that effect
passed by the Legislature."
The crabs caught tiore are shipped in
large quantities to Southern California, to
Sacramento and other interior cities, and
this being a new development of the in
dustry there is a strong temptation to ex
tend the business.
RUFFINO'S WILL BROKEN.
The Jury Has Returned a Verdict in
Favor of the Contestants.
The will of Louis J. Ruffino leaving his
$50,000 estate to his widow, who was a Miss
Kate Stauffer, has been declared invalid
by a jury in Judge Coffey's court.
Louis. J. Rullino was found dead in a
sleeping-car in Virginia under circum
stances which led to the suspicion of sui
cide. His will was contested by his three
bisters, who alleged unsoundness of mind
/ V NEW TO-DAY.
The Power of Manhood
i . ■ •'■■•"■'•"-"'■, ■- ' ' ■ ' •-■•'■ ■ _ ■ *-, v _ . ''.-".^\-
A MAN WHO IS VIGOROUS IN MUSCULAR POWER IS
** the envy of his fellow-man. He is looked upon as one of
nature's noblemen. And yet how many men there are who
would gladly sacrifice that muscular strength for the recovery of
a still more precious element that has been lost. Men are not
always what they seem. Almost daily we come in conversation
with men who ■ v», - ■ \\j ,'r seem strong,
vigorous, but who have begun
to fail in the '^^^^S^^^j^^m force of man
hood, and who PC^^^Dr Sandens y^^p| .-.would, in a few
years, on ac I lwsikd& C ™ 0 / count °* *n i s
treacherous, se ere * waste, fall
victims to that '^^^SS-sS^^^^k^ most hateful
disease, Nervous -£*^ vygiv^ j}- Debility. This
is the enemy which in time -^^ 'destroys even the muscu-
lar power and all power of ff^fe mankind. Would you
protect yourself against any -*"'"* possibility of this calam-
ity ? Ignorance of the symptoms is no excuse for permitting
the weakness to grow on you. ■
\
From An Old Veteran.
■ .- ; ■■.'-' SAN FRANCISCO, CaL, February 14, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: . ; . . .- ■
I have suffered for years with a severe pain in my back, also in my : stomach, the
latter so bad that I could not eat without great pain following. :My rest at night was
destroyed, v Now I have been usin^ your Electrio Belt two weeks, and the improve-
ment is wonderful. The pain, both in my stomach and. back, is nearly all gone, and I
can now eat my food without trouble, and my sleep is sound and peaceful. I am 56
years Of age, and have been in the Veterans' Home at Yountville, County, for
four years, but I will be at the Brooklyn Hotel for the next two months, and you can
refer "any one tome. Yours truly; •• " r .' ■ '_ ,; t- ; ,
. . . MICHAEL HANLEY, Brooklyn Hotel. ■
If you would study this subject for your own good send for
the little book, "Three Classes: of Men," which will be mailed
free, closely sealed. It is plain and honest, and its contents ; are
instructive. Get it, or call to-day and examine the famous Dr.
Sanden Electric Belt, which makes men strong in manhood.
. ; is.A.*r:i3Eaxr electric co.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PAL ACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday^ |0 to l.^jv
........ 7 - ■ — OFFICES AT . ' V -
> LOS ANGELES. CAL. I PORTLAND, 08.
J " 204 South Broadway. ': - | . : 253 Washington street. .
caused by intemperance and undue influ
ence, and also that his legatee was never
legally married to him.
The" jury returned a verdict at 6 o'clock
last evening refusing to admit the proffered
instrument to probate on the ground of
insane delusion with respect to members
of his own family, his sisters, Francisca
and Fortuna especially, and also upon the
ground of undue influence exerted by the
proponent, described in the will as "Airs.
Kate Stauffer Ruffino," to whom they also
found that he was not married, and that
there never was a contract-of marriage en
tered into between her and the decedent.
Wanted in Stockton.
Ah Fat was arrested yesterday afternoon on
Commercial street by Sheriff Cunningham of
Stoclcton on a charge of grand larceny. He
will be taken to Stockton this morning. He
was a fanner near Stockton, and recently Rave
another farmer an order for $180 on Bactiman
& Co. of Stockton, with whom he had hi 3
money deposited. • Before the order was pre
sented Ah Fat drew all his money from Bach
mau & Co. and left Stockton.
Dr. Jordan on ft The Mind."
Professor David Starr Jordan will deliver a
lecture this evening under the auspices of the
California Psychical Society at Golden Gate
Hall. The subject of Dr. Jordan's discourse
will be "The Evolution of Mind." This is the
first of a special course of four lectures by Dr.
Jordan, Rev. Charles W. Wendte, Rabbi Jacob
Voorsanger and Professor Joseph Le Come.
BELVEDERE IN DISPUTE.
Effort to Recover the Land
to the Govern
ment.
Innocent Purchasers Will Not, How
ever, Be Disturbed in the
Beautiful Suburb.
An important suit has been begun in
the United States courts to recover to the
Government a large tract of land alleged
to have been filched from it under the
fraudulent methods outlined in the peti
tion of Zach Montgomery published in
yesterday's Call.
The land referred to is included in the
Mexican grant known as the Corte Ma
deradel Presidio, adjoining Sansahto and
covering all the area of "beautiful Belvi
dere," and extends along the west side of
the bay toTiburon, ancl thence north and
east, including some of the finest land in
Marin County. Judge McKisick repre
sents the Government.
The proceedings, however, do not seek
to disturb the holdings of innocent pur
chasers of these lands, so that the dwellers
upon the bluffs over there need not worry.
It is claimed, however, that there are suf
ficiently large tracts still held by the orig
inal schemers or their heirs to warrant the
suit to recover.
The suit is entitled the United States
acainst John Reed and others. Reed is
the son of the original locator of the claim,
Juan Eeed. As located originally the
claim amounted to one sauare league,
which was surveyed by United States Gov
ernment Surveyor Matthewson and ap
proved by the Government In 1859. Reed,
however, did not takeout his patent but
waited until 1860, when Congress passsed
an act authorizing the surveys of con
firmed grants to be brought into the Dis
trict Court.
A man named Bolton, according to the
allegations of the complaint, finding this
grant had never been patented, made a
contract with the Reed heirs by which he
was to get half of all the lands lying out
side the Government survey if he could get
that survey set aside and a new survey
rande to include more lands.
Under the new act of Congress the sur
vey was brought into court and for the
first time the Reed heirs objected to the
Matthewson survey. Their protest was
disallowed, however, and the survey ap
proved.
Then in 1864 another act of Congress
authorized surveys of confirmed grants not
patented to be brought before the Com
missioner of the Land Office.
Under that act Bolton, or one Valentine,
who had become his successor, got the case
into the land office at Washington, and
with a perseverance that was remarkable
kept the matter alive before that office and
the Secretary of the Interior until 1885,
when the Secretary made an order for the
issuance of a patent to all the land claimed.
The patent included the magnificent tract
of 37,000 acres of public land lying'outside
of the Matthewson survey. This the Gov
ernment is nor: trying to recover, declar
ing that the Mexican Government never
granted thi3 land to Juan Reed.
■'•'■? .'••■" "-■-•" NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
Cf I? ""^ AHP Ak I a
. . OP
i .-.'■ * .'.*■.. .■ •■■.■■■- l ,-■. .■■■■.■"... j., ■. .. f ■-;.'•.■•-.' ■..-..■ .■ - ■--.„..'. ■-.; '.■•■'..•.■:. -, : -. . - . ■  .t.,v
This week we place on Special Sale 50 CASES OF FINE AND
MEDIUM LINEN GOODS, just uncased, directly imported by us
from the manufacturers. These goods were BOUGHT AT FORCED
SALE and will be found > . ,
CHOICE AND VERY EXGEPTIOHAL VALUES!
12 LEADING LOTS I
LOT I— BLEACHED ALL- LINEN TA- • LOT EXTRA SIZE HIT K. TOWELS, ;"• ■
BLE DAMASK, well finished, IK-» • size 19x39 inches, fringed d»f QA
assorted patterns, 62 inches T'Jt ends, very close in texture;- «pl.O'/
wide; special price Yard bp^clal price.' Dozen
LOT 2-CREAM TABLE DAMASK, nice, LOT 8-NICE GRADE ALL - LINEN
soft finish; Irish manufacture; IA : BLEACHED % DINNER NAP- 4*l 1"v
59 inches wide; very durable; tc"C KINS, both selvedges fast, 21 •pi.l»»
special price. . . Yard Inches square; special price. . Dozen
LOT3-VERY SO ITdT STYLISH BEi LOT 9-FTN E G R ADE~DINNE R NAP- $2 25
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, OdC KINS. 24 inches square, all «pj.J«l-
-(>8 inches wide; special price.. Yard new designs ;_special price... Dozen
LOT4-CREAMSATLN~iTNIPHTABLE a- LOT 10— FINE GRADE EXTRA WIDE
LOT 4-CREAM SATIN FIN ISH TABLE IM CH VCK GL ASS TOWELING, 1 .1 1 .,
DAMA&K, 64 inches wide, very VO\j „„ 1J 2 6
fine weave ; special price....... Yard • close fabric; special price.... Yard.
LOT 5-FINE, CLOSELY WOVEN dji OX LOT 1 1-CIIECK RESTAURANT NAI>- lA,
BUCK TOWELS, neat borders, 'pl.'.ni ■ KINS (also plain centers;, me- t"0
-.= : size 17x35 inches; special price Dozen dium size; special price... Dozen
LOT 6— GOOD IRISH LINEN BUCK LOT 12— FINE TABLE~CLOTIIS and
TOWELS,' fuII bleach; size 18x vi ".A i odd dozens and half-dozens
30 inches, hemmed ends; spe- «pl«»Jv | ' Napkins; also remnants Ham- .
cial price . Dozen' j asks, to be offered at SPECIAL PRICE
~— — — ~~~~~~~zizizzrzizizzzzizziiiizzzizzzzizziiz '
THIS ■^^■ESESESL !
FINE IRISH D1M1T1E5.......... ........25c a Yard
36-INCH NEW PERCALES lOc a Yard
BEST LENO STRIPE DIMITIES l2'<c a Yard
31-INCH FINE ORGANDIES (choice) 1 2}^c a Yard
NATURAL LINEN BATISTE .........12^c a Yard
FRENCH ORGANDY d'INDE 35c a Yard
AND WASH FABRICS IN ENDLESS VARIETY.
(/(/ Met Street, corner m Joires, /
•Ajar s»RA»roiaco.
MISCELLANEOUS. V
"NOTICEr
T HAVE RESUMED BUSINESS AT
-L the Southeast corner of Seventh and
Mission streets end am prepared to fill all 1 ,
ordera as heretofore,; and to transact all
business in connection with my office, all
books, papers, etc., having been saved
from the late fire. Thanking my many:
customers for their past kindness, and
trusting to receive a fair share of patron-
age in the future, if not whole of it. I
Respectfully yours, ?•
J. NOONAN,
Late of 1017 to !023 Mission Street,
Above Sixth. _^
IRON BEOS,
C_l ■. j> ; •. BRASS BEDS,
<^*** r FOLDING BEDS '
Wire and . Hair Mat-
. . , tresses, Reclining
j... .. __ ' Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
T""tt Commode BacK Bests
- I I ffTTftf^ "W. A. SCHROCK,
r*+HJY I >— ai— ;
"t^g. 7~ * Mlt ** i t "Sew Montgomery
■W• ■ ". «k^ I" ■. v J St., under Grand
W" Hotel, S. F.
RAILROAD TRAVETL3
SM FRANCISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St. ',
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 8:20, 11:00 A.M.; 12:35
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:80 P. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. K. •■•'■■
BUNDAYB-8-.00, 9:30, 11:00 A.K.; 1:80. 3:3%
6:00, 6:20 p. M
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAY 3-6.25, 7:55. 9:30, 11:10 A. it;
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripe
at 1:55 p. it. and 6:35 P. M.
BUNDAYS-B:10, 9:40, -11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40*
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park same
schedule as above. , ... . --
Leave . T _ -»«» Arrive
San Francisco. -;■. get . of?, - ' San Francls0 * '
WSEK | SUN- It M^tlnn m *- I W *«
■Days. | pays, destination. BAYS | DAY a.
7:40 am 8:00 AH Novato, 10:40 am I 8:50 am |
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petalutfia, 6:05 pm 1 10:30 am
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm «:15 pm
~~ ■ ~ "' ' Fulton, *
7:40 am '■:'! Windsor, ' 10:30 am
• % Healdsburg, •
'"-;"'■ ■ Qeyserville, *' '
8:30 pm 8:00 am Clovcrdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■■;-'■■ , - Pieta,--. ... . . :.:
Hoplond A . - .
7:40 am 8:00 AM Uki&b. - 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 am ••■...-; 1- ~ 10:30 am.
r 8:00 am ' Guerne : 30 pm : ;
8:30 pm ..-■■-,- | 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am | • Sonoma 10:40 am 8?C0 am
6:10 pm, 5:00 PMI and 6:05 pm 6:15
.-.-. .-- -.- . - | ..■?--■'.■; | Glen Ellen.
7:40 am 8:00 AMI ap h .,. nrio i 110:40 am 1 10:30 AM
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| Dasto P ol - | 6 -.05 PM| 6:15 Pit
;■ Stages connect at Ban Rafael for Bollnaa. •
. Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Oeysers. I \
Stages connect at Pleta for Highland Springs,
K^lseyvllle, Lakeport. ■; r- ■•■> ■■••■■■■• >. ■■'■ -• • • •
b Stages connect, at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort Braeg, Usal, Westport,
Cahto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harria, Scoiia
and Eureka. ' ? ■ . <■'" .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip ticket*' to all points be-
yond San Rafael at ball rates. -*; _ , ; i; - '£££
:♦• Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle rinMdlng.
H. C WHITING, "■••-• R. X. RYAN, '
• Gen. Manager. • Gen. Pass. Agent.
llOitTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
: / (Via'Sau»alito Ferry). . : .
Stem San Francesco, beginning October 8?i 1895.
-"=-•-■-■■. c •■■.;-■ : WEEKDAYS. .■-<■"■• . • -.-■. ■
For Mill Valley and Kan Rafael— 7:3o/ 9; 15, 11:00
A. M.; 1:45,3:45, 6:15, 6:80 P. m. ;. -^ , ..j
San Quentiu— 7 :3o, 9:16 a. M. : 1:45, 6:15 P. m.
Liir.i trips for San Ratael on Mondays, "Wedne*
' days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. m. ■ ,
■; -..-;■ ---■- :■■■-.;■ ---SUNDAYS. ' : > -■■■■: •: ■?-:'
For Mill Valley, ; San ; Rafael and San Qnentin—
8:00, 10:00. a. M.: 1:30, 3:00, 4:80, *6:19
p. h, ' *l>oes not run to San Quentln. -.
> Vw ~, THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:30 a.m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations. :
1:46 p. M. Saturdays— and way stations. ■
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana way station* .
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
toinnssnur pacific COHPABY.
(PACIFIC BYBT£M.> t (J) >.
Trnla* leave nml nre «lti«« to nrrlve ■•
HAN I'BAKCiStO. :
xkavb — Fi:ow November 20. 1595. — Anniva
O:3Oa Haywards, Site-3 and Way Stations.. 10:1 Sa,
7:(>oa Atlantic Express, Ogflen and Kast.. ' B:4ftp
7:00 a Beaicia, Vacaville, Iturnsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via David ?:13p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, CalLs-
toga and Santa Ros% 6:lsf>
8:30 a Niles, Bau Joso, Stockton, looe,
. Sacramento, Marysville, Ked Bluff
' - and Sundays excepted Oroville * : 1 5*
•»: 3© Peters and Milton •7:18-
-9:<>Oa San Leandro, Haywards & Way St'ns 11:43 a,
1 9:OOa Los Angeles Express, Raymond,
(for Yosemlte), Santa Barbara
and Los Angeles.. 4:4!ip
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 10:45*,
10:OOa San Leandro, Haywards and .Miles . :.£5»
12:OOu San Leandro. Haywards & Way St'ns 2:45*
l:UOp Niles, San Jcso and Lirermore...... 8:43 a,
•1:00p Sacramento Riter Bte*mcrs »»:0«r
fl:3op Port Costa end Way Stations........ ' t~:4«p
8:00? an Leandro, Haywardsi Way St'us S:4sp
4 :OOp Sun Leandro, Haywards it Way. St'ns Ci4S*
4:00r Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, El Verano and
Santa Kosa »iii»
1- 4:»O» Benlaia, Esparto, Woodland, ■ '•
' Kuightg Landing, Marysrille,
Or. .v ill- and Sacramento ..... I*t4%4t
4:S4tp Kilcn, San Joa«, Livermora and
Stockton..... 7«1(I»
S:OOp San Leandro, Haywards & Wsy Sfns 8:43p
• 8;30p New Orleans ExpreM.Fresiio.Bakers-
Held, Hoiita Barbara.]. 09 Augcles, .
Demine, ElPa3o, J7e\v Orleans and
East 1«:4»*
• ' 3t3op Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Kxpress
for MojaTO and Ea5t........ 10:494
OtOOp Earopccu Mail, Ogdon wad Halt 0:43 a,
6:00p >l!>vv-ards. Niles and San J050...... 7:4 ft*
J7:OOp Vallejo t7:45p
7:00P Oregou Express, Sacramento. Marys-
»ille. Redding, Portland, JL'ncet
Sound and Ka.'t 1 0:4 9* .
I 7:00p San Leandro. Haywardsfe Way St'ns lO:SOp
9:0 Op San Leandro, Hay Way St ns ttl«:««A
"Sunset LJmlted." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso," New Orleans
andEa5t............... |tt»4B»
ft Hil»rßanLe»ndro.Hayward3fc Way St'ns 7<iaA,
SANTA CItUZ DIYIStON (XarroiT Gunge).
SilAa Neuar!:,Ce!itervil!e,H»ii. lose, Felton,
or Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5 = *•»
•■:lsp Newark, CentcrTille, Pan .lose, New
X Ahnauen, Felton, P.oulder Ortclc,
■ Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ....:....... Ml:2o*
4:13f Newark. San Jose and Los (iatos.... 9:30 a
f11:43p Hunters' Recursion. San Jose and
**••• Stations ............*....- s7i2©»
COAST IH VISION (lliinl & 'l.nmson.l SU.)
<:45.\ Ban Joso and Way (Stations (New
.'■ :• Altnadcn Wednesdays only) ...... 1:4S»
•tl3ASau Joso, I'm J'iiim, Kauta Cruz,
Pacific Orote. Paso Roblcr, .Sau
Luis Oliispo, Gr.ad.Viupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7tO9p
10:10 a Sun Jose and War .5tati0n5......... S:00¥
I i:%~>\ Palo Alto nml Wny Stations....... a:J»»I
*2:3OpSan Jose. Gilroy, Tre3 Pisios, fjauta' . . .
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacitic
1 <;rov.( ..................;..... •10:10*.
•H::tOp San Josoandl'rincipnl WnyStations 9:47*
•4:3Oi>San Way Stations ...... »9:00»
5:30 p San Jose ami Way Stations *8:I9a
. <i::tO)« San Joso and Way Stations.... K:Mt
Ul:43p San .Togo .anil Wny Stations..:;..;.. t7:43»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtso Skll fBISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:l*' 9:00. 11:00 a.m. |l:00 »2:39 t3:ot
•4:00 • 15:C0 : *6:oop.m.
/romOiSllHD— Foot of Broadwaj.— : 00 8:0*
10.00 a.m. tI3:CO • • *l:00 tS:M »3:CO Ji:C3
»5:00r.M. . . - . ■...■
A for Morning. _ P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. -■->. - . - v t Saturdays onlft
- ■ 1 Sundays only. • . . •
: ...- ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TOnasdaja and Saturdays ' • Sundays and Ihundai^
Atlantic
a>i> j^S&-*f&&L
[ f^ . M a I %.,■* ■■€* r^-tiE^&!E3us9bH
RAILROAD •' W^y^J
Trains leave from and arrlva (^WjSj^fflE?
at Market-Street Ferry. ■ €EJ£Smr&R*i
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Cbiciigo via A. & P- Direct Line
Leaves everyday at 3:30 p. «•,, carrying Pnl m««
Palace Sleepers ami v Tourist Sleepers. to <£iC*g
via Kansas City without change. , Anaex cars ro*
Denver and St. Louis. > ««-«-c:r»
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, £" b i SSj2 l £2si
under Harveys management. <; on "' c ' ln X trains
leave San Francisco atS a. : m. and 3^30 p. daily.
> The best railway from California to the East.
New rails new ties: no dost: Interesting Bceneryi
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnm»
**"' Ticket Offloe-644 Market Street, •
I 1 * Chroaiclo Buildicsa.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
BUMMAK OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $392,567 to China.
Silver a fraction off.
Wheat dull. Barley futures lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuffs easy.
Noihing doing in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Butter and Cheese declining.
Egn steady.
Turkeys and Pigeons advanced.
I'eas and Rhubarb weaker.
Game in slender receipt.
Navel Oranges firmer.
Provisions uucbanzed.
Hides quiet.
Coal In sufficient supply.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures I
at station indicate maximum temperature for the ■
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of j
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huDdredths. '
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid !
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or (lotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "huh" means nigh, barometric pressure and i
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low" j
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and i
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" ;
usually first appear on the Washington coast. i
When the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
■outh along the coast, rain is probable; but when
the "low" is inclosed with isobars of marked curva
ture rain sooth of Oregon is improbable. With a
"high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce
in opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agbicci/tcre,
Weather Bureau, San Francisco, March 4,
1596, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka , last season 32.33; Bed Bluff
14.49. las: season 25.13; San Francisco 13.84, last
season 21.97: Fresno 4.53, last season 11.3-': tan
Luis Obispo 14.61, last season 22.46; Los Angeles
7.52, last season 11.68: San Dieeo 4.44, last season
10.17; Vumaßß. last season 3.01.
The following are the fnximum temperatures
reported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
50, Ked Blurt' 43, Sun Francisco 51, Fresno 54.
Independence . San Luis Oblspo 56, Los Angeles
66, .-ran Diego 56, Yuma 60.
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature 51,
minimum i'z, mean 46. Rainfall during the past
iwenty-four hours .25 of an inch.
An area of low pressure is central to-nlcbt south
of Vancouver, and will probably move northeast
ward and appear later in -Saskatchewan. It has
caused general but light rain over the Pacific slope.
The pressure has risen over California, Nevada
akd Utah, and the weather will probably become
clear and warmer south of Sun Francisco. The
temperature has remained about stationary over
the entire country west of the Rocky Mountains.
Warmer weather may be expected Friday and Sat
urday over the entire Pacific slope. The total
rainfall at San Francisco has been .25 or an inch.
The temperatures are now sufficiently high to war
rant the statement that frost is unlikely for the
next forty hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco Tor thirty hours
ending midnight, March 6. 1896:
Northern California—Unsettled weather and prob
ably occasional showers in the north portion; fresh
southwesterly winds.
Southern California — Fair Friday; westerly
winds.
Nevada— warmer in north portions.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona—Fair: warmer Friday. .
Sun Francisco and vicinity—Generally fair; west
erly winds.
A. G. Me A i)i Local Forecast Official.
HEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V., .March s.—During the early
trading at the Stock Exchange the market was in
the main firm. The improvement in prices ranged
from 14 to '_' per cent and was most pronounced in
the case of Tobacco and Burlington and Quincy.
The short interest in these stocks has assumed
large proportions of late and, as usual in a limited
market, speculators are nervous. It was but natu
ral for the shorts to rush into cover when the slocks
referred to began to give evidence of strength.
The bears, in their efforts to cover, putupTobac
co to 78 and Burlington and Quincy to 775/ 8.
'■Alien the demand from the short interest abated,
the market weakened. Baltimore and Ohio sold
clown to 15y 2 , the lowest point ever touched. '1 he
weakness of the stocK finally affected the general
list, and in he last hour the whole market was
heavy. The weakness of Baltimore and Ohio was
due to the general belief thai the stock will be
lieavily assessed in the proposed reorganization.
I It was announced to-day that President Fitz
gerald of the Mercantile Trust Company is to be the
Chairman 01 the reorganization committee.
August Belmont and Henry Budge have been
added to the committee.
I In t(;e industrials Sugar and General Electric
were strong and Rubber irregular. The resigna
tions of President Baunigan and Director llollins of
the rubber company kept this stock feverish. In
the closing hour the market was weak on realiza-.
tions. Net changes show losses of Vi@l cent.
Baltimore and Ohio, however, lost 35/ 8. Total
pales, 193,700 shares.
t Bonds were strong, sales footing up $1,472,000.
Burlington ant) Quincy, lowa, fours rose 11/4 to
99*4: Duluih and Iron Range fives, 1 to 105; iron
Mountain general fives. 1 to 79V-»: Kansas Pacific
sixes or 1H95, 13 8 to 1063»; Late Eric and West
ern seconds, 1 10 104; Northern Pacific seconds,
*/4 to 112; do thirds, 2 toB2y 2; Pittsburg and
Western fours. 1% to 69%.
: In Government bonds $605,000 coupon fours of
19.'5 brought, 1168/4fg>ll7Vß: $1600 registered
fours of. 1907 brought 10bV», and $5000 coupon
fives, 113.
Grain.
FLOUR—Quiet, steady. Winter wheat low grades,
52 50@3; winter wheat, fair to fancy. *a 80to
H 00: winter wheat patents, -S3 90@4 15; Min
nesota clear, $2 70@3 30: Minnesota straits, $3<&
'a SH; Minnesota patents, ?3 35<&4 30: low ex
tras, $2 50:g,3: city mills, $4 15@4 25: city
Mills patents, $4 30@4 45; rye mixture, $2 50to
3 30; superfine, $2 10@2 70; nne,»2@2 56.
Southern flour—Steady. Common to fair, $2@3
--jrood to choice, $3@3 50. Bye flour— Quiet, easy;
$2 t'Ofa-.' 85.
i BUCKWHEAT— 40@41c. . "
COKNMEAL-Steady; yello.v Western, $2 20@
$2 25: Brandy wine. $2 20. '
i BYE-State, 49y 2 c afloat.
I I'.AHLEV- Nominal. Ucgr«>'ied Western, 43®
i BARLEY MAI.T-Flrm. Western, 65@58c.
>v hh. AT —Dull, steady. No; 'i mi store and ele-
No«rhe^ Cs:4c. Oat> hS* C: *•.<>•- b-«3y4C; No.l
>ortlitrn, 75% c.
Options were very quiet and rCrlces a shade higher,
closing easy at i/giV/ic advance. May ana July
most active, and outside news scarce. "No. 2 red
March and April, 75y 4c; Nay, 73JAc; June',
73y 8c; July, 73c. i
o «-N ~y!:iet- nrm- No- 2,:#B@ SBVic elevator;
39rg,39 V 2 c a float.
options were dull and heavy, with only a local
trade, and the close unchanged. May and July
only traded In. May, 3«y 4c: July, 37c
OATS—DuII, easier. . . ;
Options dull, easier; March. 25% c; May 25iAc
■ Spot prices: No. 2, 26c; No. 9 white, 27Vic; No.
,2 Chicago, 27c: No. 3, 25c; No. 3 while, 26Vic •
mixed Western, 25y2@26y 2e; whit« State and
Western, 26<M293,ic.
! FEED—Bran. 6-'V,@6sc.
MIDDLINGS—67V>fc72JAc.
KYE-Feed, 62yfetjoc.
Provisions. •.'
BEEF— DuII, steady, unchanged. Beef hams
slow. $14 60@15; tierced beef, dull, unchanged;
cut meats, dull, steady, unchanged.
LA KD—Quiet, steady. Western steam. SB 65;
city, $5; May, $5 76. Refined, slow; continent, 16;
compound. $4 62%@4 87%. -
PORK—Quiet, unchanged. Mess, 10@I0 50.
BUTTEK— Fancy firm. State dairy, 10@2Oc:
Jo creamery held, 13@18y2C: Western creamery.
14@22c: do held, 12@18c: do factory, 9@l3c;
Kleins. 21i/o(S.^2c; Imitation ■ creamery, -11@
16c; rolls. 8@l2"y 2 c - , ,-, , 
• CHEESE—Fair, jobbing demand. State, large,
6@loyic; do fancy/lOVic:. do small, 6@10%c;
part skims, 3yi@7c: full skims l%@3c. . .
EGGS—steady, good demand, " btate and renn«:
sylvania, 12c: Southern, 10@llc: Icehouse, case,
$1 75@2; Western, fresh, liy 4 @U%c;| duck,
23@28c. «,,-,-
TALLOW— Quiet, about steady. City. Sl3-16C;
country. 3»i@3V,»c. ■
COTTONSEED OIL— Quiet: crude, 21c: yellow
prime. 25Vs;@2Kc: do off grade. 25V4@25Vic.
RESIN— Firm; strained common to good, $1 70®
1 75.
TURPENTINE— DuII, easy; 29i/4@29y a
POTATOES— steady: unchanged.
RICE— Unchanged: domestic, fair to extra, 3@
sSic: Japan. 3»4®4c ,
MOLASSES— Firm; New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice. 27@37c
COFFEE— Stead y, 5@15 points down: March.
$12 85: April. $12 60: May, $12 20; June,
*11 85; July. $11 70: August. $11 30; September,
.«] 1 05: December. $12 80. Spot, Rio more active,
firm : No. 7. lßi^rdlSfi/fec.
SUGAR— Raw firm: dull; fair refining, 3»4c:
centrifugal 96 test, 4VgC. iteflnod, quiet, steady;
No. 6. 43 y ic: No. 7, 4 6-lGc: No. 8, 4V4": No. 9,
4 3-16 c: No. 10. 4y 8 c; No. 11. 4 11-loc: No. 12,
4c; off A , 4 9-16@i. 11-16 c; mold A, 6V4c; stan
dard A, 5V«c; confectioners' A, 4%c; cut loaf and
crushed, 5%c; powdered and cubes, s Vic; granu
lated, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots, bags, 9%®
12c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 13V=.@15c: unpeeled, 4y 2 @
6V2C.
PRUNES— Four sizes, bags. 5»/tC
RAISINS — Clusters, $1 '..'6@l 45: do London
layers, 8O@9Oc: ao loose Muscatels. 2-crown. 2»i@
3%c; do 3-crown, 3ViS-3Va c ! do 4-crown. ty^tbe.
ALMONDS— Soft-shell. 2 (4,8c; do paper-shell,
11 fail
WALNUTS— Standard, 6V2@7c; do soft-shell.
By.f(£;loc.
HOPS— DuII; weak; State, common to choice,
2y><&Bc: Pacific Coast. 2V<j@Bc.
wool— Quiet: domestic fleece, 16@22c; pulled,
15@33c: Texas, 9@13.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON-Quiet: American. $11 75@13 50.
COPPER— DuII: nominal; Lake. $11.
LEAD— Easy: Domestic, $3 2 (d,3 20.
TIN-Quiet: Straits. sl3 40: plates, quiet.
SPELTEK-Firm: domestic, »4 10@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. 111., March s.— Wheat was in a
quiescent state to-day, moving but fractionally in
either direction and evidencing the lack of news
and aull business. The receipts In the Northwest
were somewhat lighter this morning, 310 cars ar
riving against 465 last Thursday and 381 a year
ago. The Cincinnati Price Current was a trifle
bullish In its tenor, but not enough so to encourage
traders to buy. Liverpool cables were quiet and
y a d higher.
Chicago received 50 cars and inspected out 66.
--403 bushels. The buying of a fair-sized line by a
prominent house was the only transaction of the
entire session that was at all worthy of comment.
Closing Paris cables were hither. Berlin lower and
Antwerp unchanged. Export clearances were fair
at 329,000 bushels. The close was firm, with early
sellers buying back their wheat. May opened
from 695.-8 Cto 67V8C. declined to &6%@86%c. ral
lied and closed at 67S' B e, Vie higher than yester
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 70 cars.
CORN— Seemed to compete with wheat for the
honors of inactivity. Wheat, little trading as there
was. was principally done by privilege holder* and
their returns were not particularly remunerative.
Receipts were 422 car?, about the number ex
pected. Withdrawals from store were 64,618
bushels. Liverpool cables quoted l/^d decline at
that place. Export clearances amounted to 377,
--381 bushels. May corn opened at 30S/ B e, sold at '
I 303,4 c, Closing at the inside V M c under yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 450 cais.
OATS— A steady tone obtained in onts, the non- (
j fluctuating inclination of prices being due to the
i absence of business. Receipts were 245 cars.
Withdrawals from store amounted to 36,100 bush
els. May oats closed a shade higher than yester- |
day. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 240 cars.
Flax— Easy; Cash, 89 Vic; May, 90c. Receipts,
24 cars
PROVISIONS— The story of light arrivals of j
hogs was repeated from the yards this morning,
accompanied by reports of an advance In prices. |
This was the consideration on which i rod net was
enaolea to Improve in values. The week's packing
of hogs amounted to 260,000 barrels. May pork
closed 7y>c higher. May lard unchanged and May
ribs 2Vi<§f° c higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— March, 653/ 8 c; May. 67y 8 c; July.
6', s s i267 1 4c.
CORN -March. 285/ s c: May, 30iic: July, 31V4c.
OATS— May, 21@2iy 8 c; July, 2iy B (a2H/iC; Sep
tember, 21V8C
PORK— $9 87%: July, $10 02y .
LARD— May, $5 45; July. $5 57y 2 .
RIBS— May. $5 22Vi; July, $5 32- 2 .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111., March I -The
receipts of cattle to-day were light and prices were
firm at yesterday's advance, weakening a little at
the close. Offerings of hogs were small and all
classes of buyers were represented. Prices were
firm and in some cases 5c higher. Sheep were in
good demand and firm. The supply was light.
CATTLE— Receipts, 11.000. Fancy beeves, $4 65
&i 75; choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 pound steers.
$+ 30®4 60: good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600
pounds. $4(44 25: medium steers, 1150 to 1300 \
pounds, $H 75(53 95: common steers. 950 to 1200 !
pounds, $3 35&3 70: stockers, 600 to 900 pounds,
$2 75^3 40: Texas fed steers, $3 @ 3 85. Other
prices unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 17,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 95@4 15: common to choice
mixed. $3 «)o@4 15: cuoice assorted, $4 10@4 20;
light. $3 eO<£4 20: Digs. $3 20@4 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16,000. Inferior to choice,
$2 t»o@3 66; lambs, $3 50@4 65.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call was easy at 3@4%: last loan
at 3%, and closing offered at -a*. Prime mer
cantile paper. sV's@6%. Bar silver, 688 c. Mexican
dollars. 643 / i@ssVi c " sterling exchange dull, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 86» 4 87
for sixty days and #4 87*/i@4 88 for demand.
Posted rates", S4 87Vi@4 feu. Commercial bills.
24 £6V4@>4 86W Government bonds firm; State
bond» quiet: railroad bonds strong. Silver at the
board was steady.
IXCBIIT* •TOCK*
*m Tel Cable,... 91 I Norfolk <ft Wet... 2
A'xhison ..." ie»'s: Preferred. 7%
Preferred .... 253,4 Northern Pacific. 4»/ 8
Adams express... 148 i Preferred I6VI
Alton.Terre Haute. 60 Nortnwestern. 1O '' ): ' / 4
American Express.llo Preferred 14 ■
American Tobacco. 75^4 N. V. Central „... 971/j
Preferred 100 N. Y. Chicago&3.l, lay*
BaybtateOas 20 1 * Isipreferred 6s
Baltimore & Ohio.. 16 : U' Sid preferred. - H3 fa
Brnnswicc Lands.. ,_»*• V. &N. H 179 ™
Buffalo. Roch &P. 13 N. Y.& New Ens. 40
Canada Pacinc... 553 /4 N. Y. susq Jt W.- 9" 8
Canada Southern.. &0V 2 , Preferred. 27V 3
Canton &03, 8 ,0ntar10....... 12
Central Paciflo.... 13 l Ontario Western. ll'/i
Ches. & Ohio. 16 3 ,* Oregon lmprovmi. 2,
1 Chicago Alton... 135 Preferred. —
Preierrea 170 Oregon Navigation. 12Vi
Cblcaxo. U. A Q...- 76Vi (p ret:on Hbort Lane. 6
Chicago &E. 1U... 43 Pacific Mali 27»/ 4
Preferred 99 Peona, D.& Evans. 2%
Chicagouaa... 6 is/ g Pittsburgh W pfd. 20
Cleve ct Pittsburg.lliO Pullman Pa1ace... 157
Consolidation Coal. 30 Quicksilver. _ iy t
Consolidated Gas.. 2 Preferred. 15V5,
C. C.C. & 8u Louis. 36 Va Reading 12
Preferred 88» 2 RioGrande dtWeacn la
Colo. Fuel St. Iron.. 90% Preferred. 43
Preferred : 97 Rock Island 7i%
Cotton Oil Cert.... 16Vi Rome Wat AOgdenllSy, |
Commercial Cable. 153 bl. L. &S. W 47 /8 ;
Del. Hudson .127 I Preferred. H»,i :
Uel.Lack&Westernlßl' 2 St. Paul 7ts /8 i
Denver<Jtß.G~.... 13 . Preferred l-9' 2 '
Preferred. 491 St. Paul <fe Dulatli. 2>
Dietllle™ 17 V 2 ' Preferred 89
General Electric... 32% St. Paul A Omaha. 4ji/i j
Erie ......— I■> ■••4 t Preferred.. .......124
Preferred 117 1/4 Kt. P. M, * M 109
Fort Wayne..;..;. 162 tsllver Certincat«?s.. 68 '/ 2 :
GrealNorthern Southern Paclflc. 19v£ I
Greeniiay... .ft fcouinern K. is. 9^/4
Harlem 39 1 .Preferred...; 31
Hockinir C0a1...... 3it,fcuEar Refinery.... 11 6 y,
Hocking VaUey... 15 i. a Preferred. ...1013/i
Uomestaice 30 Term. Coal A Iron. 308^ '
H. & Texas CenU. l Vi Preferred 100
Illinois Central.... 9."> i. 2 Texas Pacific...... »y 3 '
lowa Central....... 87/ B ;Tol.A.A.«fc N.Jucn. '
Preferred. .... 341,;, 1 01. &. Ohio Cen.... : j 0
Kansas* Texas.-. 1 2 it Preferred... 66
Preferred......... 29 ' iol.St.Louls&K.a 4
! Kingston* Pern... 3 Preferred 10
Lake Erie Westn 20 I Union Pacific ..... 7% i
Preferred 73 It. P.. Den. & Unit 4% I
Lace Shore... 148 C .8. Cordage 51/4 \
Nauonai Lead . 21 Preferred luy i
Preferred 85 Guaranteed....... 20 .
Long Island.. .. ..81 . D. 8. Express...... 42
Louisville & Nash. 63 14' U. S. Leather...... 9'/ 2
Louisville iS'aACh. 93,; Preferred..; 6j3/ a
Preferred 2-.' '* U. S. Ruober 26
Manhattan Consoi.3" r 'yo Preferred «4 •
Mempnis <fc Charla. 16 : Utlca B. River.. l 6. »
Mexican Central... 1 li.i Wab. 8. L. & Pao.. 6% I
Michigan Central.. 96 ; Preferred 17%
Jdlnn&H. I ells- Fargo. 85
Preferred......... .Western Union.... 84Vi ]
Minn. cfe St. L com. 20 |Wls Central.....:.. 3y a I
Ist preferred 80 Wheeling «L. fi.. lly ;
2d preferred SOY% Preferred. 37
Missouri Pacific.. S4j£ Am Cotton OU pf L ,PaVi <
Mobile Ohio 23 jWU Beef ........... 8
Nashville Chatt.... 68 Ann Arbor. 10
National Linseed.. 16 I Preferred ...1..26
N. J. Central ......107 IBrooklynß Transit 28Vi j
North American... sVs' . '
CIO-. INO BOKM. '
U B 4s. reg... ....;. 108 |MKT2ds ....*... 811/4 ',
Do. 48 coupon... D 0,45......, 45...... 86y a :
U£ 4s new reg 117 {Mutual Union 65... 115
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..117 .n j Cent Gen 65.. .118'
Do. 2a.... 96 I Northern Pac Ist*. 117y a
Do, Cs ........;.. 112% Do, 2ds ....... 112
Do. 6s coupon.... 1 12 Vi 'Do, 5f1a.'.... ...... "81V4 ■
Cherokee 4s. 1890.100 Norm west Consols. 1 3S'/4 ;
Do. 1897.......... 100 Do, deb 6* 110
Do. 1898.......... 100 OR4N Ist*
Do. 1899..... :..... 100 ... StlxtlronMtGen 79%'
Pacific 6a of '95.... Bt L 4 8 F Gen 6a. 1' 7
D.C. 8-6 65. ....... 110 St Paul Consols ...128
Ala Class A 4.......108 H. P. C. * ; Pa lsis. 1 1 •">' 4
Do. Class 84, 1<)8 I Do, Pac Cal i sis.. 110
LaConaoMs. 98% Southern R. R. Os. 92
Missouri funding..—. Texas Pacific first* 89 1 / a
N Carollnacon 6a..122 Texas Pac seconds. 21
Do, «a.:.-.. 103 UnlonPaclstof9a.lo2yj
Fo Carolina a 5...108 West Shore 45.....106Vs
Term new u5. ...... *6 'Mobile & Ohio 4a.. «6 l /4
Va funding debt... «0 3 /i X Grande West law 7t>7/
f°. Reg ;Cbes<fcO6s... 107ya
Do. deferred 6«... 6y« Atcblson 45........ 79V%
•Do. trust rep st 6 I Do. 2ds A..- 27y«
Canada (South 2d5..104i/4o H A 8 A 65...... 105
Cen Paclsuor'9s 100W Do. 2d 7s. .......100
DonAßGlst 113 H A Tex Centos!. HO
_.^°. «»•••......... 89y a Do. con 6a........ 106
Erie 2d5 ........... 75 . Reading 45. ........ 78%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Ksq., March s.— The spot market
Is quiet at 5s Bd@ss 8' 2 d. Cargoes dull at 28s
6d prompt shipment.
FUTPBES.
The Produce PJxchnnge cable gives the following
Livernooi quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
6s 71 4 d: April. Fs 7'yid; May. 5s 8d; June, 6s
8d; July, 5s Bd.
bkcubitiks.
LONDON", Enq., March 6. — Consols, 109* A;
silver, 31 5-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 90c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — #4 869,4
sterling Kxchapge, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 88V4
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic — Par
Fine silver, '■&> ounce — 6H s /g
Mexican Dollars 65^ 66
BANK OFFICERS ELECTED.
At the annual meeting of the Donohoe'-Kelly
Banking Company the following officers were
elected: President, Adam Grant; vice-president,
Joseph A. Donoboe; cashier, James A. Thompson;
assistant cashier. Edward Donohoe: directors,
Adam (Jrant. Joseph A. Donohoe, Eugene Kelly,
John Bermingbnm. t.eorge Wiijttell, Edward Dono
hoe, Irvine M. Scott, c. de GulKtie, Howard Hav
ens and B. F. Dunham. John J. McKlnnon re
tires us a director and C. de Gulgne llils the
vacancy.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Doric took out a treasure list of $392,567,
consisting of $267,083 in Mexican Dollars, $1484
in Gold Coin and $134,000 in Silver Bullion.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market continues inactive and
weak. No. 1, $1 llVi@l 12y a ; choice, $113%;
lower grades, $1 05@l 10; extra choice for milling,
#120@127V& $ ctl.
CAI.I, HOARD BALES.
Informal, Skssion — 10 o'clock— December —
tons, $1 13; 800,$ l 12%. May— loo, $ 1 14%.
Reoulak Morning Session— December— 6oo
tons, $1 12%. Mav— 2loo, $1 14%. Seller '96,
new, storage paid— loo, $1 09V4-
Aftkrnoon s ession— M ay— 100 tons, $1 14 1 /5» ;
100. $1 14S/ 8 ; 100. $114. December — 1000,
$1 12%; 700, $1 12«^; 100, fl 12%.
BARLEY— Futures declined again, but spot
prices showed no variation. Feed, 67%@70c %4
Ctl; choice, 71Vi@72i&c. Brewing, 76@82y a c
CALL BOARD HALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— May— loo tons,
70y a c: 100, 708/gc: 200, 70y 4 c.
Kkoolar Morning Session— No sales.
Aftebnoon Session— loo tons, 68c. May
—100. 70-% c.
OATS— Nothing new. Milling are quotable at
75@80c "fSctl; fancy Feed, 77V?@80c $ ctl: good
to choice, 70@76c; common to fair, 60©65; Gray,
70@75c: Red, for seed, 85@$1 05; Black 65c@
$1 10: Surprise, 90@95c.
CORN— No further chance. Large Yellow, 87y 2
@90c; Small Round do, 95@97y 2 c; White. 80@85c
%* ft!.
KYE-80@82i/ 2 c $ ctL
BUCK WHEAT— Lower and dull at $1 3 Ctl. .
FLOUR AND MILXSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 90@4 %* bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 80(a>
3 90: superfine, $2 75@2 85 %4 bbl.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, f20@21:
Cracked Corn, $21 (s2l 50 $ ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices In 10-lb sacks are fol
j lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
! 2»ic; Rye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour, 7y a c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3V2C; Oatmeal,
3S4C : Oat Croats, 4%c ; Hominy, ifgjiy c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y a c; Farina,
4%c; whole Wheat Flour, 3c: tolled Oats, 4y.>c;
1 Pearl Barley, 4V&c; Split Peas, 4 : }ic; Green do,'
! 5 Vie ft ib. -
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-SI 1 50@12 ? ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I7 $ ton for lower grades
and $17 50@18 50 $ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 9 ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 $ ton: jobbing,
$21 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21.
HAY— Is dull, owing to the storm. Wheat,
88@1150; Oat, $B@9: Wheat and Oat, $Bsll
%* ton: Barley,s7@9: Alfalfa, $7@9: Clover, $6®
8 50: , Compressed. $7@lo 50; Stock, $6@7 H ton.
STRAW— 36@6Oc f* bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Are very quiet. Bayos are quotable
at $I@l 12% ~& ctl: Small Whites, $1 25®
1 40 ?> cU; Pea. $140@l 50 $ ctl; Large Whites,
$1 10@l 15; Pink, 85c@*l 15; Reds. $1 20@l 40;
Blackeye, nominal; Ren Kidney, nominal; Llmas,
$2 25&2 55; Butters, SI 40@l 50 fl ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $1 95(^*2 05; Trieste.
$2&2 20 » ctl; Yellow Mustard, $1 40@l 60: Flax,
i $1 1 7O@1 75; Canary, 3i/t<g;3VaC?.lb; Alfalfa, 6@
7c"? tb: Rape, is,i@2c V tt>: Hemp. 4c ft tt>.
DRIED PEAS-'-s~l 25#1 40 ?l ctl for Niles and
$1 •_■." ■!?. 145 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— New Potatoes quotable at 3c ft lb.
Stockton Sweets quotable at $ I@l 60; Salinas Bur
banks. 60(590 V ctl: River Rurbanks, 30@40c "$,
sack; Oregon Burbanks, 40@70c: Oregon Garnet
Chiles, 60@70c; River Reds, 50@60c f, ctl; Early
Rose, ■;■',: Mi. ■; Petalumas and 'lomales, 36@46c.
ONIONS— Are weak. Good to choice, B0(g)65 f,
ctl; Cut Onions, 25@*Oc; Oregon, 75@85cfl ctl.
VEGETABLES — Arrivals were 114 boxes
Asparagus and 419 boxes Rhubarb and 60 sucks
Peas.
Peas and Rhubarb were weaker and Tomatoes
firmer.
Kirs; Plant, 10(a12%c %» 3>: Mexican Tomatoes,
$1 50<g,l 75 ft box; Cucumbers, 60c@$l 50 fl doz;
Asparagus, s(a,Bc V lb for ordinary and 9@12%c
for choice; Rhubarb, 4()(g,85c fl box; Mushrooms,
15@26cfl Ib; Dried Peppers, 8(g,10c; Green Pep
pers, ~s, Ib; Lo? Angeles Tomatoes, $I@l 76
$>. box; Green Peas, V Ib for Los Angeles
and s(a6c for Bay; String Beans, 8@ 12 Vic %S Ib;
Dried Okra, 12y a c; Cabbage. 40^.50cf.cU; Garlic,
4@sc "i l . tt>; Marrowfat Squash, $40'?. ton.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market Is still weak. Complaint
is made that some Dairy Butter, stamped as
Creamery, Is being sold at inside Creamery quota
tions, which burls the market for Creamery. .
Creamery— Fancy, 19@20c; special brands, 21c:
seconds, IHe "i* lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 17c f) Ib; good to choice, 16@
16y a c; lower grades, 14(gll6r;.
Eastern— Ladle-packed, 13@]6Cf>Ib.
CHEESE — Another slight decline Is noted.
Fancy mild new, Iiy 2 @l2c fl Ib; common to good,
10@llcf! Ib: Cream Cheddar, 12@12y c: Young
America, ll@l2VaC; Western, 12@i2Vac; Eastern,
13@14c. .
EGGS— Steady and In fair demand. Store Eggs
are firmer than ranch.. store Eggs, ll(O|liy c fl
doz; ranch Eggs, 12@13c & dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Turkey and Pigeons have again
advanced. No other change.
Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14®15c
1 ft tt. for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 17@18c; Geese, fl
pair, $1 50<ai 75; Ducks, $5 50@6 60 for old and
I $7<§,7 50 for young; Hens, $4@6 ~t doz; Roomers,
1 young, $7@7 DO; do. old. $3 50@4: Fryers. »6@
: 6 50; Broiled, $5@6 50 for large and $4(54 50 for
I small; Pigeons, $2 75@3 «4 dozen for youiiK and
!$1 7.'><a,2 25 for old. * •■.* ■ . ■ ■ ' •.
GAME— Not much coming in. Gray Geese, $2 50
I fl dozen: White Geese, «1 fl dozen: Drain,' ;
! Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails and f 1 fl
I dozen for small. - ■ " ?'■<?.■ \ ;■■■ ! • ;
DECIDUOUS AND , CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— BSc@SI fl box for good to choice, 50
' @75c for common to fair, and $1 25@1 50 for
I tancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navels are quoted rather
■ hither. Oranges are quotable at 76<@$1 25 fl
j box for Seedlings and $1 50@2 75 for Navels:
I frozen stock goes down to nothing; Lemons. 1@
j 1 60 for common and $2@2 75 for good 10 choice;
I Mexican Limes, $4 50@5; California Limes, 75c
I fl box : Bananas, $1 25(g>2 50 f) bunch; Pineapples,
: $2@5 fl dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Lots— Apples, 2y 2 @3c fl Ib for quar
tered, :%3y 2 c fj Ib for sliced and 4y 4 c fl Ib for
evaporated : Peaches, 3%@4c fl Ib and 6%@6c for
fancy; peeled in boxes, lie: Apricots, 7%<3>8y z c
for prime to choice, 9 Vic for fancy and lo@llc
iIS lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2 Vic for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks; Fears, 7c a
Hi for evaporated halves, 4<Si6y 2 c fl Ib for quarters-
Prunes, 3%@4c: Plums, 4c f) lb for pitted and
! lVi.te.2Vac for unpltted; Nectarines, s@6c % Ibfor
prime to choice and 6y a c for fancy. . ■ ••
Johbino Prices— Apples, 4@4y a Peaches, 3®
I 4c and 5c for fancy; peeled In boxes, 10@12y 2 c
i Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c fl tb for 40fd;50'8
and 5c for sO@(jo's: Apricots, 6@9 V«c for prime to
I choice, 10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black
; 2y*@2%c: White Figs. 3@sc; Pears. 6Vic for
: evaporated halves and 3@sV4c for quarters
-1 Plums. 3y a @4c for pitted and \(<i.\ I ',r . for unpit-'
ted ; Nectarines. 4@sc fl Ib for prime to choice. >•
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— are
as fo lows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco
! J.ondon Inyers, 85@90c fl box; four-crown, loose,
; 3»4c fl tb; three-crown, loose, 2Vic fl Ib; two
-1 crown, -2c; seedless Sultanas. 3S/4@4c; seedless
I Muscatels. 2y 2 ®2%c- three-crown London layers.
1 70c; clusters, $1 36(aTl 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10
i@2 25: Imperial clusters, * 2 60®2 7ft; Dried
I Grapes, 2 Vie >> rb. ■ .
[ Jobbing Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2y4@2y a c: 2-crown, l»/i@2c- Seedless Sul
! tanns, 33, 4 (»4c: Seedless Muscatels, 2ys.c; 3-crown
! London layers, 85c@$l: clusters, : $1 40(31 60
--; Dehesa clu:ters, $2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 76
--! Dried Grapes, 2yjc. .
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6®Bc fUlb; Walnuts, 7@Bc
ft tt> for No. 1 hard and y@9wiorsoftshell, jobblri"
lots; Almonds, 6<ai7y ? c for Languedoc and 8y 2 @
10c for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts,' 6@6c for
Eastern and 3Va®4Vic for California: Uickory
Nutß,s@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough and 8 • for pol
ished; F.lbens. B<S9c; Braell Nuts, 7y->(<ißc «l Ib:
, Cocoanut*. $4 60(g5 fl 100. •• :. i -.-'fZs ■.-;■•.
HONEY— Comb is ouotable at 10@12c fl lbfor
bright and B@9c fl ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6@5y 2 c » Ib; light 1 amber ex
tracted, 414043,40: dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@sc -'■
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, 6 Vac for heavy, 7V 2 c "¥
Ib for light medium, 9¥>c ¥> tt) for lte nt > lO^jc for
extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams 11%@12c; California Hams.
*R& @1 , lc: Me Bmßeef,*B%8 m ßeef,*B% bbl: extra mess do
♦8 50; family do. 810; extra prime Pork. $9 ?i bbl.
extra clear, Slß^bbl': mess, «14 ® bbl; Smoked
L e ARD® 1 a 1 ' a te^,Uerces.is quotable at 6%c *
m for compound and 8c for pure; pails, 2 c; call-,
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6%c for pure;
ha lf-bbls, 6.y 4 c; 10- jb tins, 7y 2 c; do 5-tb, 7»Ac 9 ft.
COTTOLf-Jf K-71AC in tierces and 80 « 1b in 10
--tt) tins. • • •<
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOI AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Heavy salted steers, 7c;
culls and brands, 6c $ 1b; medium. 6c; culls and
brands, sc; light, sc: culls and brands, 4c; Cow
hides, 6@si/ 2 c; culls and brands, 4@4y 2 c; salted
Kip, 6c! lbi salted Calf, 8c ■ « Ib: salted. Veal,
6c; dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7@7i'2C;
dry Kip and VealT9c: culls. 6y 2 @7c; dry Calf,
15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o@3sc each: Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium, 15®
25c; winter, 10c- Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
15c each; short wool, 20@35c each: medium, 41)
fg.soc each ; long wool 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about y a c less. -
TALLOW— no. 1, rendered. 3%@4c; No. 2, 3c;
refined, 5%@534c; Grease, 2y 2 c 5* Ib.
WOOL-1 local circular says: Locally trade is
dead. We can learn of no sales for the past two or
three weeks. The London sales are reported
strong, prices well maintained and demand con
fined to European buyers. At the last sales in
January considerable Wool was bought for Ameri- j
can account, but representatives of American !
dealers and manufacturers are not strong at these
sales and so far have bought, very little. The last
rainstorm seems to have extended all through
California, and it will put oft' shearing and prob
ably Improve the condition of the Wool clip in the
middle and southern sectlouslof the State/where
grass was rapidly dying out. we quote Fall as fol
lows: Eastern Oregon, 9@llc V tt>: San Joaquin
and southern. 3(5i6c; Nevada. 9c ? lb.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2%@5c %l Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 12y @4 25; San Quentin. 84 20: Wool Bags,
24<5,26c
COAL— A circular for Australia says: "The ex
tremely light imports for the past thirty days have
served to materially reduce some of our Colonial
grades, particularly Wallsend, of which there is at
present very little stock and but a small quantity
to arrive in the next two months. The consequence
is this special grade Is in demand at full figures. if
already afloat. Some sales were made last month
of outside grades of Australian at seemingly very
low figures. Freights have since advanced Is IS
ton, and It is generally believed that producers will
mark up their output shortly, so that future con
, tracts will be at better figures; that is already as- 1
sured/as better offers are already being made with- \
out finding sellers. The recent' welcome rainfall
Insuring us a bountiful harvest, may later on lead
to an improvement in outward grain freights, and
will cause shipowners ' to seek this port for busi- !
ness. As 80% of the foreign material imported will j
be Coal, we may naturally expect liberal ship- i
ments about the last of the year. There is at pres- i
ent listed to load and now afloat for this port from I
Sydney and Newcastle over 100,000 tons capacity I
(all Coal); some of these vessels may not load for !
a few months yet. There Is due to arrive In the I
next sixty days from Australia fully 40,000 tons I
Of Coal." Wellington is quotable at $8 i* ton: New |
Wellington. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50 $ i
ton: Senttle, .|sras 60; Bryant. *5 50: Coos Bay, j
84 60; Wallsend, $6 50; Scotch. $7 50: Brymbo,
87 60: Cumberland, #13 60 In bulk and $151nsks; J
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 813; Welsh An- i
thracite Egg, ; Cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 87 60; . Coke,
810 50 in bulk and 81 2 50 f ton in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Keflnery Company
quotes, terms, net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered |
and Fine Crushed, all 6c: Dry Granulated, 68 c; |
Confectioners' A, sVic: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C, 46,^c: Golden C, 4 1 2 : half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes 2 c more.
SYKUP-Uoiaen, in obis, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
* gal. _____ - ' -•;
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
erers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5V 2 c; second quality,
4%@5c: third do. 3%@4c^ Ib.
VEAL— Large, s@oc: small, 6@7c '$ Ib. ". :.:~ :
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@tty 2 c; Ewes, 6%@6c
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 10c; yearlings, 7c ? Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4',4C for large and 4Vi@
4»' a for small; dressed do, s@tH.4c tt).
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, or. 8k5...... 13,442 Bay. tons.... 304
Oregon . 1,620, Hides, no 1,307
Wheat, etls 1,055 l'elu, Ddls.._ ' 15
Oregon 1,9.5 Wine, gals. 78,100
Barley, ctU 780 Butter, ctls 295
Oats, Or. ctls. 3 926 Cheese, ct15........ 116
Beans, ska.. 174! Eggs. d0z. ......... 16,960
Potatoes, 8it*....... 3,400 Leather, rolls 70
Oregon 146 Lumber. M feet... 30
Onion*, sic*. IH6 Wool, bi5.......... 6'J
Corn. NebrHka,ctls ■ 800 Lime, bbls 81
Br»n, urn 3,4o3] Paper, reams .. 600
Middlings, ak5...... 26HQuicksUver. flasks 100
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a break on the noon Informal session,
In which Ophir sold down to $1 15, Occidental to
88c, Sierra Nevada to 60c, (Jhollar to 45c, Union to
51c. and soon. On the afternoon call the feeling
was firmer Rgnln And some of the lost ground was
recovered, hut the close was easy. "*,:' :
On the Bond Exchange San Francisco Gas sold
up to $81 26 on rumors of consolidation with the
Edison Light Company.
Tne Andes assessment of 15 cents per share will
be delinquent In the company's office to-day. -'v.
.Following were the payrolls of the mining, mill
ing and other companies on and around the Com
stock for the month of February: Hale it Nor
cross, $3648: Andes, $ 1200; Con. Cal. * Va., $12.
--088; Mexican, $1988 25; Ophlr. $3371 25; Best
Belcher. $1068; Gould & Curry, $836 50: Alta,
$1303 50; Utah. $532; Occidental, $2569; Bruns
wick. Exploration Company, $3434; Savage (esti
mated), $3000: Crown Point, $2278 66: yellow
Jacket, sl2sl; Confidence, $456; Challenge, $148;
Belcher, $20&6: Segregated Belcher, $631; Impe
rial. $106; Bullion. $1061 : Chollar, $2628: Po'osi,
$3349: Union Shaft, $2632: Sierra Nevada, $769;
Alpha, $904; Nevada Mill (estimated), $2500:
Electric Light (estimated), $500: Water Company
(estimated), $3000; quartz . mills (estimated),
$5000.
he total of the disbursements Is $64, 313 16 or
$5000 short of the amount paid in January/
In the Bodie Consolidated mine the east crosscut
from the north drift on the 200 level shows por
phyry. The north drift on this level has four feet
of low-grade quartz in the face. The south drift,
same level. Is following a small seam of low-grade
quartz. ■ The face of the east crosscut from the up- ■ j
raise sixty feet above the 300 level Is in hard por
phyry. The south drift from the east crosscut
on the 300 level is also in porphyry. The upraise
from the fourth incline on the red ledge is In low
grade quartz.
In the Mono mine the east crosscut from the
south drift, 400 level, was extended seven feet.
The face is of hard porphyry.
Id the Bulwer Consolidated mine durini? the
past week 9Va tons of. ore, averaging $25 per ton,
was extracted from the stopes on the Bulwer tun
nel and 200 levels. .
In the Crown Point mine the southwest drift on
the 600 level is out 222 feet. The face continues
in heavy ground composed of clay and porphyry,
with bunches of quartz through it of about the
same character as last reported. The south drift
from crosscut 1 on the 700 level has been cleaned
out and retimbered a total distance of 87 feet.
Have reopened and repaired the east drift on the
800 level 33 feet since last report. The raise from
the 1100 level east crosscut is up 67 feet on the
slope. The top continues in low-grade quartz.
The Joint Challenge Consolidated, Confidence
and Consolidated Imperial crosscut from the sur
face tunnel is out 443 feet, having been advanced
8 feet during the week. The face snows porphyry.
The yield of the Segregated Belcher mine during
the past week was ;16 carloads of ore, averaging
$27 92 per ton. .. . • , :
In the Belcher mine no prospecting was done
daring the past week. There were hoisted 28 car
loads of ore assaying $27 35 per ton. : "^^V V
Overman— Extracted from north drift 900 level
36 tons and 1700 pounds of ore. Value of same as
per car sample assay. $50 43 per ton. On the 1100
level of the Caledonia have extended southwest
drift 35 feet through porphyry, seams of clay and
quartz. The quartz is of a low value. Have cut
water in this drift and have timbered the same.
Total length of the drift past east crosscut 1. -
48 feet. ' ■ ■ ■ ■ '■ '3-' v " v^V.?;
BOARD SALES.
following were the sales in the Baa Francisco
8toc« Board yesterday; ; '
mri.i-i ak H'ikv iv i ntminy COWMKHOITCI 30.
300 Alt*. 14 60 A C 33100 0vrmn....13
100 Andes.... '27 60 H&N... 1.40:300 Poumi :..45
400 B A 8.... 70 600 Mexican. .66,soo H Ner.....65
100 Ch011ar....60 100Occld 84 60 Union 0... 56
300 ...........61 100 ...... 93:100 ;.......... 63
60CC* V....1.65 200 Ophir... 1.261200 V J*01ci...35
*»TF*NOO» B«8SION---'J:30.' 1
-150-B A 8....67 350 HAN ....1.30 100 Potosi ...-43
600 Bodle 17 100 Mexican.. 64 100 Savage... .33
650 CCAV...1.80 200 Occldtl... .90 300 Seg 1!e1. .06
600 Exchqr....o3'.lo0 Ophlr... 1.20,200 8 Nev.....62
300 UA. C. 30 100 Overrun. ..l 3 -'00 Union. ... 62
Following were the sales la the I'aclflo Stocic
Board yesterday :
■ RKiift • (TFMTOV — T»:TV ,
200 Alpha... . .1 1 200 Chouar. ...51 200 Occldtl.
400 A1ia..... ..14 800 .........60800 0phir...1.20
150 Andes 27600 ........... 49 600 1.17y«
300 Belcher.... 19 3U0 48400 0vrmn....14
2000 8A8... .70400 47 400 Potosi .....45
660 691200Exchqr..03800 ......... ";.\44
600 ........... .681800 0 A C... 33 1000 . ..'.... 42
900 ...67 600 :..'........ 32 400 Savage 85
600 Bullion 12y. 600 H*N.V.I.»6 300 ..,/.. 34
300 ....:... ....12 600 Ju1ia.......05 1000 Bcorplono2
800 Ca1eda.....07 400 Justice. ...lo 600 S Bit M...06
400 Cha11ne...30600 L Wa5h... 06900 "SNer 1 . 64
700 C C « v.1.65700 Mexican. .6s 1000 ;::... r.:.63
200 .....'.....1&fc500 V........63 .......... 62
400 ..........J.60!6000ccidt1....93 300 ............61
300 Conn .83 600 ............92 1200 Union C.62
730 Crown Pt.351300 ...........91400 Utah 09
600 ...-.».... -..84 600 .....:..:. 90 650 YJacK«..32
200 .....SSj| , . . . . ' ;:'■•■
. AI-TKKNOON 1 BKSSIOX— 2:II. ' : '''{,''' ■; ' .
200 Aloha 11 100 Con ..... 80.200 0vrmn....14
300 Alt*.. .....13 300 C P01nt.'.".32 200 Potoat 41
200 Belcher.... 600 O & C... .30300 Savage... .34
200 B & 671200 HAN 1.32V%300S Nev..V.6l
300 80die.;.. .16 200 Mexican. .s^3oo ..V.V.~;..' 62
100 8u1wer... 16200 ....:.-.;. .53200 Union 62
200 Coaling.. .29 400 Mono .09 300 Utah 09
200 Ch0U*r....46700 i......... 08200 YJK*«t..92
70gcC*V..L603O0OpWrl.X7V4 '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. March 5-4 p.it —
*,  Si 'h A ""^y .- BKi.Aiktd.
A7pn»Con..... 11 12 Jackson. _ 40 —
Alt*.. 12 13 Julia. ......~ — s 06
Andes - 26 27 Jostle*. '"' 07 -10
Belcher 18 20 BentucK.' '" — 05
Best <& Belcher. 66 67 j Lady Wash.".".. — 06
BentonCon.... — 30 Mexican. 52 6*
Bodie 18 19 May flower.... —150
Bullion.. ....... 11 13 Mono. _ 09
8u1wer.. ....... 16 17 Sit. Diablo'"*"* ' 15 —
Caledonia...... 06 07 Nevada Queen. — 05
Challenge (Joa. '-'* .30 Occidental. 87 89
Ch01iar.;;...... 47 48 Ophir.. '..-..■.*.".".* 1.15 J. 20
Con. & Va. 1.60 1.65 overman ... 13 14
Con. Imperial. 01 02 I'otosi *" r 42 44
Confidence:..... 80 .85 Savaee ' *~ M 34
Con.NewYorc - 01 &eg. Belcher... 05 06
Crown Point... 32 34 Sierra Nevada, 60 62
EaatSierraSa* — 04 Scorpion. . 02 03
Exchequer..... — 04 Silver H lll * — 02
Eureka C0n.... — 25 Syndicate...... 02 —
Uouid & Curry. 29 31 Union Con. . 61 m
Bale <fc.Norcrs. l.3s 1.40 Utah... ....... 09 10
10wa........... — 04 Velio jacket 34 35
STOCK . AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. March 6-2:30 p. it
. rNITKD STATES BONDS.
Sift. A iked. ■ sulw At/e9dL
C B4«coup..Kßy - D 8 4s res. ..108% -
Do. new 15... 116 1178,4 «*.-"«Yi
klincKl'LAMCOirs BOND*.
Cal-«tCbless. llOl4 - IDo. 2d Iss 6*. — _
CalElecL6s.lO6 — P<SORy6s.los 120
i CntraCWss. — 100' IP&ChRv6s. — 105
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 85 I'wl-st.RUGi. — 116%
EdsnL&P6s.lO7 — Reno. WL&L — 105
F&CHRR6B.IO3 105 River W Co6s — 100
Ciearv-Etßss. 105 L^actoP it L. .100 102sa
LosAng L 6a. — 101 BF&NPRRS»IOIIAIO2%
Do,Onted.6s. - 103 tsPßKAriz6s - 96
; Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRRCaI6s..IO7% —
DoßyCon6s..lOß 107 spßKCalos_ — 97 V.
NevCNgß7s. 99%104 BPBrRCal6s. 96% -
NPCRR6s.IO3y 4 - SVWau>r6*.ll9Val2o
NRy Cal 6s. — 106 BVWater4g._ »9S/f 100
NRyCalSs. — 103 SlktnU<fcE6i — 103 •
Oak Gas 65..103y a lO6 6unstT&Tßs.loo —
Do. 2d Iss ss. 103 — Sutter-stRSs.HO —
Omnibus 65.. 119%121 VisaliaWC6a — ftl
PacKollAl6s- — —
WATER STOCK*.
Contra Costa 40 — 1 Ban Jose — 95
MarlnCo.... 49 - |Sprlng Valley 98% 99
CAB 6TOCKS.
Capital — 39 j Pacific Light. 46 60
Central .. 95 — BanFrancsco SOU 80%
OakOLAH.SI (!2 j Stockton. .... -/4 21%
PacGaalmpk 80 Vi 81 | Ya
." INBUBANCTCHTOCKS.
FlremansFd.l67 — (tun..... 40 _
COMMERCIAL BANK RTnrKl
Amerß&TC. — — |LondonP*A.l3o —
Anglo-Cal... 6814 — London&SF. — 27%
Bank of Ca1.. 236 — Merch Ex.... 12 —^
CaISD&TCo.. 66 58 Nevada . — — '
FirstNatlonl. — 182 Bather BC«L — —
(iran^ers.... — " — | .
SAVINGS BANK STOCK*. •
Ger5&1,C0..1420 — Sav&Loan.. — 1021,4
HumbSAL.IOOO — Security.... 245 265
Mutual...... - ■ 41 Union Trust. Bos —
bFSavUnion4Bo 482
STRICKT RAILROAD STOCK*.
California.... 1 07 2 — Oak.SL&Hay — 100
Ueary-st 60 77% Presidio 4V« —
Markei-5t.... 46V* 46V a Sutter-au — —
PuWlitK STOCK?.
AtlantlcD... 15 — iJudson — — —
California.... - 98 Vigonu — 1
Ulant. I6i/a 19 I
MISCKIiLANFOUW «TOOSC«I.
Alaska Pkrs. — 85 OceanlcSSCO — 20
BlkDCoalCa ■— 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDoclc — — PacXANCo. — 30
Edison Light. 89 99% Pre Roll Mill 29y 42%
GasConAssn. — — [ParfPalntCo. 6»/ a 7%
Gc-r lend Co. 85 — PacTransCo. — 24
HawC&SCo.. 15 16 TacTAi'Co 60 —
HntchSPCo.. 177 8 181/4 SunsetT&T.. 41 . — \<[
JndsonMfgO. — — ; United CO*. — 25
MerKxAssnlOO 110 I ,
'.'■ . . MOBNIN'O SKSRIOV.
Board— sßooo NPCRrt Bonds. IO314: 50 Pa
cllic Gas Imp. 80%; 10 do, 806, 8 ; 80 « F Gaslight,
81: 20 do. 81 V4.
Street— $10,000 8 V 4% Bonds, 99%.
t* *' '**$&> 'i£ ArTEBSOOS SESSION.
Board— 2oo S F Gaslight. 80»4: 126 do, 80%: 60
do, 803-8 ; 50 do, fioy 8 : 50 S V Water, 88%; 26 do,
Street— 36 Edison Light & Power Co, 99: 25 do,
99V4: 50 llutchlnson S P Co. 18; 110 Market-st
Railway. 46%; 25 do, b 2, 46%; 135 Pacific Gas
Imp, 60%.
• — * — «
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
• James Pedlina to Josephine Titus, lot on N line
of McAllister street, 131:3 E of Masonic avenue,
E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Patrick M. Wellin to Teresa F. Wellin, lot on B
line of Clayton street, IJ>3:9 of Frederick, X 25
by E 106:3; gift.
John and Annie V. Rodda and Thomas R. Evans
to Frances A. Phillips, lot on X line of Borland
street. 201:6 W of Dolores, W 25, H 170, E 25, S
172:5V 2 ; $ 850.
K. M. and Margaret B. Lin bay to J. A. Camp
bell, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 25 X of Hill,
X 32 by W 105; $10.
Joseph Smith to Clara J. Smith, lot on X corner
of Brannan street and Center place, XE 95:6 by
X W 90: also l.ot on SE line of South Park avenue,
45:6 NE of Center place, NE 25 by SE 107:6: gift.
Same to same, undivided y of lot on W corner
of Brannan street and Center place, SW 72:6 by
XW80; gift.
■ Adelheld IJranatjen to William J. and Winifred
T. Coyne, lot on SW line of Park avenue, 225 SE
of Bryant street, SE 25 by SW 76; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and .Loan society to Michael
Hart, lot on NE line of Eighth street, 275 XW of
Bratinan, NW 50 by XE 60; $3000.
Charles C. Judson (trustee of the estate of Eg
bert Judson) to P. R. and William C. Woodman,
lot on X W Sine of Dp ITaro and El Dorado streets,
N 360 by W 200: $2500. -»:-<
- J. L. and Louie Holland to V. H. and Lizzie M.
Rlchit, lot on W line of Fourth avenue, 175 N of
Point Lobos avenue, X 60 by W 120; $10.
K. K. and Bella Lilienthal to John O. Hall, lot
on E line of Eighth avenue, 150 S of Point Lobos
avenue, M2sby B 120; 10.
Herman I. Nager to Charles C. Bock, lot on SE
corner of U street and Fourteenth avenue, E 67:6,
S 100, E 125. N 100, E 57:6, S 9:11, SW 241, W
32:10, X 25. W 120. N ISO: also lot on XE corner
of V street and Fourteenth avenue, N i!^s,£
92:6. SW 241:9, W 2:10; $10.
O. A. O. Lindgren to Thomas F. and Margaret C.
Glynn, lot on 8 corner of Miguel and Chenery
streets, SW 28 by SE 100, subject to deed of trust;
$10.
Uelnhold Janson to Edward T. Johnson, lot on S
line of Minerva street, 375 W of Plymouth, W 25
by S 125, block P. Railroad Homestead 2; $10.
C. J. O'Neill to J. A. Mclnnis, lot on XE corner
of Paris street and Russia avenue, E 200, X 150,
W 100, X 150, W 100, S 300: also lot on W line of
Lisbon street, 160 X of Russia avenue, X 150 by
W 100, block 20, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
ALAMEDA COUNTY,
Byron. F. and Ella W. Stone to Sarah W. Wake
fle!d, lot on W line of Harrison street, 649 X of
Fourteenth, X 97 by W 150, being a portion of the
Lander A Casserly Tract, subject to a deed of trust
to the San • Francisco Savings Union for $5000,
Oakland; $10.
.William E. and Lillian H. Blake to Wellmnn,
Peck & Co. (a corporation), lot on X line of Hills
borough street, 150 W from E line of plat 12,
Watson Tract, thence W 50 by JS 1 85:7Vi. being a
portion of subdivision 2 of resubdivision of plat 12,
Watson Tract, East Oakland; $400.
S. C. ana Isabel O. Bigelow to A. R. Waters, lot
on NW line of Howe street, 35 SW of Amethyst,
S\V 90 by XW 125, being lots 2, 3 and 4, block C,
Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oakland
Township; $10. .
Michael Hayes to Mary Hayes, lot on X line of
Wallace avenue (or Forty-fifth street), 563.24 E of
San Pablo, E 50 by X 161.57. being lot 33, Cogges
"ball Tract, Oakland Township: gift.
Sophia L. Biller and Myra Decker to 8. T. Met
calf, lot on SE corner of Washington and High
streets, E 104:3, 8 70, W 4:3, 8 30, W 100. N 100,
to beginning, block 36, subject to a mortgage for
$2000, Alameda: $10.
Thomas D. Thornton to J. S. Fitz, lot on W line
of Boise street. 325 8 of Biark«tone, S 25 uy W 100,
being lot 18, block B, Dihr Tract, Berkeley; grant.
9 Mary 0. and William H. Higgins to' Ann Culli
gan, lot on W corner of Chestnut street and Moun
tain View avenue, NW 140 by SW 50, being lot 9,
block 9. Warner Tract. Berkeley Township.subject
to a mortgage for $900: ; $10.
• John S. and Sarah .1. Corrigan to John Fuhrer,
lot 21, Henry .and Phillips Tract, being a sub
division of lots 1 to 6, 27 to 33, Bray Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10. •
Charles E., Mary E., James E. and Annie E.
White to same, same, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn
Township; $10. v , . • . J ,
7 Central Bank to same, the N half of lot 15 and
lots 16 and 17, block B;. lots 1 to 6, 8, 18, 24, 30,
32, 34 and 85, block B; lots 4 to 12, 22, 23, 26. 27
28, 31. 3a, 33, block A: lots 3, 4, the N half of
lot 10, lots 11, 12, 13, the N half of lot 15, lot 16
the 8 half of lot 17, lots '21, 23, 24, 26, the X half
of lot 27 and lot SO, block CFrultvale Station
Tract, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Township: $10
V~~ Oc*.A.N siliAaii!<its. ~~
t»»t*»« of Departure irmn San Franrf»co.
BTBAMKR.
DKMTIMATIOS
9AIM.
Aionowai ...
oyuuey
ban JL>ie*o.....
Hum t>nl<ltl;ay
Grays Harbor.
Panama ......
Newport ......
Coos Bay
\ aaolna Bay..
P0rt1and.......
Vie A Pgt Snd
San Diego. ....
Honolulu ......
Eel Jtiver
Coot iiar......
Newoon .;...;
Mexico
Corona
P0m0na.....
Huuol
Colon
Eureka
A real a
Faraiion....
Queen
Wai la Walla
Santa Kom.
Australia....
Weeott
atMO
•t Patn
Coos 8ay....
Mcb e.IIAM
Mcb U. 2pm
Men 7,12 ii
Men 7.12 m
Men & Ham
Mch aiOAM
Mch B.loam
Mcb U.lUam
MchlO.* oam
MchlO.llAM
MchlO.lOAM
Mchll. 9am
Mchll.lOAM
Mcbl^. 9am
Mchl2,loAM
PHSB
Pier 11
Pier IS
Pier 3
Pier 24
Pier 9
Pier 11
Oceanic
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 11
STKA3IKKS TO AKKIVK.
I1IC_1_-W ......
Kahulul
Eureka..;..;...
Walla Walla... .
Columbia. ......
China..:.....-...
Areata.'.-*..:..::.
Coos Bay...:..:
Citv of Everett
Banta Kosa......
Weeott,..*......*.
Costa Rica.*...:;
• Progreso. ;.;:...
Pomona..:.':....
.BtPamr....".....,
City of Sydney.
Araco. .'....;:..
Umatilla.....::;
State of Cal..:.:
Corona..........
Alameda.
Cmceatcuy...
_ aroma.
Kahulul
Newport.;...:.:..:.;..-..
Victoria & Puget sound
Portland..............;..
China and Japan . .-.-. . . .
Coos Bay........;.......
Mexico....;.::......;....
Departure Bay
san Diego..........;....
Eel River.
Departure Bay....-...;..
Seattle.... ... ... .~ ;..;....
Humboidt Bay..:.:::...
Newport ..... v ... ......
Panama::...............
coos : bay ...".;: ....:; . .'—
Victoria A Paget Sound
Portland .V.*.... . ... ; .....
San Diego.
Sydney...... .....: ......
Crescent City-. .....„.,
. . .Men
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
:.Mch
..Mch
.Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
.'.Mch
. Mch
..Mch
..Mch
..Mch
THE i: CAL.I, CALENDAR.
March, 1896.
w.
i Sa.
7
©Last Quarter.
"4^ March 6.
9
U
4£»k New Moon,
<s£/ March 14
16
17
/^\\Fir»t Quart.
vy March 2
23
124I 24
30
31
A Full Moon.
v^/ March 28
SUU, BIOOX AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast and Geodetic Sitrvky Tide"*
Buixktin. Published by Official - V
afthobity OF THE SCPKBIXTKXUKST: J
Friday, March 6.
Sunrises 6.33 Moon rises 1.33 am
Sun 5et5....... 6.10 Moon 5et5.......
March— lß96.
Time
iFvv
! 4.15 5.0111.54 —0.5
j 5.20 4.9 1.07'— 0.7
! L W Fee. [II \V Fret
i 0.42 3.1 6.39 4.9
'2.08 2.9 I 7.48 5.0
3.11 2.5 i 8.43 6.0
4.00 2.3 9.44' 5.0
4.40 I.B' 10.35 > 5.0
Time
L W
Feet
jTime;
iHWi
Him Feet 115?"! Feet
H W I L Wi
7.34 3 6 11.10 3.0
8.42 S.B
L W Feel II \V Feet,
2.131— tt.M 9.34 4.1
8.0 -0.9 10.12 4.2
3.45 —0.8 10.47 4.6
4.22 — O.S 11. 4.7
4.52 -0.3 11.40 4.7
Note— In the above exposition of the tides th«
•arly morning tides are given -in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a? to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlsrht
hand column gives the last tide of the day, exmpt
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the j
soundings on the United Htates Coast Survey '
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the !
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts
HVI>KO(iRAPIIIC BULLETIN.
Branch nvnßnniiAPHic Office., U. S. N. •)
Merchants' Exchange. V
Ban Francisco, March 5. IS9B. )
The time ball on Telegraph Full was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. it., Greenwich time.
" A. F. Fbchtklkb,
* ■ ■ Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
BHIPPINU IMELLIUENCK.
Arrived.
THURSDAY. March 5. ,
TT S st mr Monterey, Ludlow. 39 hours from Santa
Barbara.
Br stmr China, Seaburj'. 26 days from Hong
kong and Yokohama 16 Vi days, via Honolulu 6
days; pass and mdse to I 1 M s s Co.
Stmr Bonita. Smith, 72 hours from Han Diego:
ballast, to Goodall, Perkins & Co. with stmr Wil
lamette Valley In tow.
■ Htmr Willamette Valley. Yon Helms, 72 hours
from San Dieeo. in towof Honita.
Stmr Alcatraz, Dettmers. 17 hours from Cleone:
4600 railroad ties. "2 18 piles, to L E White Lumber
Co.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, 15 hours from Men
docino, etc; pass and mdse, to Mendocino Lumber
Co. . ■ .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 27 hours from Moss Land-
Ing, etc; produce, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 16 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Albion, Lundqulst, 73 hours from Nehalem
River; 225 Mft lumber, to H Harmon Lumber
CO.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, 25 hours , from Eu
reka: pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 56 hours from
San Diego: ballast, to L B White Lumber Co.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, 7 hours from Point
Reyes; 60 bis butter, to J II Newbauer &Co.
Cleared.
THURSDAY, March 5.
Stmr Doric, Smith, Yokohama and Hongkong;
0 & O S S Co.
Sailed.
THURSDAY. March 5.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Dunham, Portland.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, Usal.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney. Eel River. ;'•■-
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and. Port
Townsend. V
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. Fort Bragg.
Brstmr Doric, Smith, Yokohama and Hong
kong.
Whal stmr William Baylies, Mclnnes, whaling.
Bktn Amelia, Ward, Port Blakeley.
Schr Berwick, Strahan, Rogue River.
Schr Peneloue, Larsson, sealing voyage to Japan
Coast and Bering Sea, via Attou and Unalaska.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS— March 5-10 p m— Weather
cloudy, wind SW; velocity 10 miles.
Charter*.
The ship Two Brothers loads . cannery supplies
for. Alaska: Nor ' bark Seringa, lumber on the
Sound for United Kingdom, 65s— prior to arrival:
Br bark Alder?rove lumber on the Sound for Val
paraiso for orders, Pisagua range, 45s— prior to
arrival.' • ":;---■-
The Br ship Samaritan is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 22s 6d— ls 3d less direct.
Spoken.
Dec 26— Lat 40 S, Ions; 32 W, Br ship Manydown
hence Sept 24, for Queenstown.
Jan 20— Lat 3 N, long 25 W, Brship Ulrica, from
Liverpool, for San Francisco. I
Feb 29- Lat 48 N, long 20 W. Br ship Whitle
burn, from Seattle, for Queenstown.
Domestic Ports.
BOWEN9 LANDING— SaiIed Mar s— Schr Seven
Sisters, for San Francisco. V
UMPQUA— SaiIed Mar 4— Schr Sadie, for San
Pedro. '- •■ .-■■! "'■■
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Mar 4— ?chr Charles E
Falk, frm Port Gamble: schr Lucy, from Umpo.ua.
Sailed Mar Bktn Portland, for Puget Sound.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 4— Stmr National City,
hence Mar 3; stmr Tillamook, hence Feb 4. .
.Sailed Mar B— Schr John A, for San Francisco:
schr Ida Schnauer. for Guaymas: schr Edward
Parke, for San Francisco: schr Jessie Minor, for
San Pedro: sen Alice, for San Pedro; schr Elvenia,
San Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
NEHALEM RIVER-Saiied Mar 2-Schr Helen
Merriam, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Mar 6— Ship Dashing Wave,
for San Francisco.
IVERSKNS LANDING— Mar s— Schr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— SaiIed Mar 4— Schr Norms,
for San Francisco. i
TATOOSH— Passed Mar Haw bark Rosalie,
from Honolulu, for Port Townsend.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Mar s— Schr Lottie Car
son, from Eureka.
HUENEME— SaiIed Mar s— Stmr Navarro, for
San Francisco. •
POINT ARENA— Arrived Mar 6— Stmr Whites
boro, hence Mar 4.
Sailed Mar 6— Stmr Whltesboro, for San Fran
cisco. •
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar s— Br stmr Asloun, fm
Hongkong: stmr South Coast, hence Feb 29.
Foreign Ports.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Mar 4— Bktn Jane
L Stanford, for Honolulu.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 26— Ship J B Brown,
from Newcastle.'NSW; Nor bark Margaretta, frm
Newcastle, NSW: Feb 27— Brstmr "China, from
Yokohama; Nlc hark Bundaleer. from Newcastle,
NSW; bark Mohican, hence Feb 7. -
Sailed Feb 26— Br stmr Altmore, for Yokohama:
Feb 27— Ship W F Babcock, for New York; Br
bark Velocjty, for Hongkong; bark Allen, for
San Francisco: srhr H C Wright, for Mahnkona,
to load sugar, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Mar 4— Brbark Andro
meda, from Oregon. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Mar 3— Br ship Royal
Forth, hence Oct 19; Mar 4— Brbark Ladas, : from
Victoria. .
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 15— Schr Silver Fleece
for ■ sealing • voyage; Mar 4— Stmr Peru, for San
Francisco. . ; ......
; ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Mar 4— Ger ship
Allda, hence Oct 19, for Ipswich.
Movements of Trail*- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar s— Stmr Spree, from
Bremen.
1 sailed Mar 6— Stmr Columbia, for Hamburg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Mar 6— Stmr St
Paul. , V
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out Mar s— Stmr
Bonn; stmr Havel.
JAFFA— out Mar s— Stmr Fuerst Bis
marck on excursion. .
HAMBURG— Arrived out Mar 6— Stmr Prussia.
LONDON— Arrived out Mar s— Stmr Massachu
setts. ■;■:" ■ ■-■•:■-',• :• .=
• Sailed Mar s— Stmr Mobile, for New York.
MARSEILLES— Sailed Mar 3— Stmr Burgundla,
.for New York. \ .■- . ■
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Mar 5-Stmr Veen
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York. ;
. : Importation*.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 4l pkgs mdse,.. 3 cs
books, 8 rolls leather, 36 bxs butter, 1 bx glass, 1
bdl bearskins, 1 cs cigars, 80,516 ft lumber, 15.525
ft lumber. 2 bbls mineral water. 1 bdl sheepskins,
1 pkg saws, 7 pkgs express, 1 pkg coin. ; ■ -
From E R and ERR via Eureka— l 2 hf-bxs 7
bxs fish, 38 ■ bdls green hides, ■64 bzs butter, 339
sks potatoes, 6 pkgs mdse, 37 bxs apples, 3 hf-bbls
2 bbls tallow. 1 sk tails, 1 bdl hides.
ARC AT A— Per North Fork— 2 coops chickens, 1
oil drum, 13 sks stock, 1 cs hardware, i cs pappr.
9 empty tanks, 38 cs gun goods. 1 bdl tents, 19
bbls bones, 6 sks bones. 1 eg horns. 12 empty bar
rels, . 252 Mft lumber, 918 M shingles, 108 M
shakes.
■■ i MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— pkgs mdse.
Moss Landing— 2 bxs butter, 3cs eggs.
Watsonville— 4 pkgs mdse.
Santa Cruz— cs cheese, Ics butter, 2 bxs fish,
Ics mdse. ■-. . : . .
. . Pigeon Point— 4l cs cheese, 44 bxs apples.
POINT ARENA- Per Point Arena— ls ;cs eggs,
1 hog. 1 dressed calf, 3 sks potatoes. 17 'sks out*. 1
bx chickens, 19 bxs fish, 2 bdls pelts, 6 pkgt nul.no.
Monterey— 2 bxs butter, 7cs wall paper. 1 pkg
mdse. 170 M ft lumber.
CHINA AND JAPAN— Per China-4279 pkes
mdse, 14.428 pkgs rice, 399 pkgs tea, 50 pktaoil,
5 pkgs curios. 49 bags coffee, 1100 bales hemp, I
Sarcels 43 pkgs s'lk, 3783 bags sugar, 2600 but;*
•pan rice, 457 {-legs tin, 171 bales gunnies ami
twine. :..-•■.-' • ' i
• Overland- 131 pkgs mdse. 699 pkgs raw silk, 21
parcels 111 pkgs silk goods. 8 rolls matting.
For Central ana South America— l 33 pkgs nidse,
111 pkgs silk goods. ■
ConMc'infw. '
■ Per Gipsy— Bros : Standard Oil Co : Pacific
Fruit Co; FTowner; II Cowell <fc Co; Hills Bros:
0 Carpy * Co: Cal Bottling Co: Dairymen's Union:
Hammond *■ Broil; Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Jr M
Kissing; Brigham, Hoppe A Co: Herman Joost:
Wheaton, Breon «fc Co; . Norton. Teller & Co; W L
Busweil: McDonald A Johnson. ..'. ■-■■':
■ ' Per Pomona— Amer Press Assn; American Union
Fish. Co; * ; AC McliQla <S Co ; - C £ WbUney & Co \
Enterprise Brewery ; Humboldt Mineral \\ ater Co;
Gray & Mitchell: H Liebes * Co; Standard OilCo:
Dodpe Sweeney it Co; Hibernia Brewery : McKay
A Co- California Art Glass Co: Italian-Swiss Aerl
cnltural cmony : Wie.-nd Brewing co: A ( l' nl -
MaiKlle Purch: P Butler: Pacific KoUini? Mills: B
( aito- Stati.lard Oil Co: Scott Van Arsdale Lnm
ber Co; United States Brewery; Wells. Fanjo <fc Co:
C E Wliitnev A Co: (i Camilloni A Co: GBertl«K
Co: American Cnton Fish Co: C E Whitney & Co:
Dodge, Sweenev * Co: <) B Smith & Co: Nendome
Cigar Co- E R Stevens & Co; Norton, Teller & Co:
H N TiUlen A Co: Wheaton, BreonA Co: W est
Publishing Co: Waterliouse <fe Lester: J WlPland;
I'icilic Coast Klsli Co: Dalton Bros: Hills Bros: J
Moore; Ross & Hewlett : Marshnll, TegKart * Co;
W B Sumner * Co; Witzel & Baker-.W F Mitchell;
W B Sumner & Co. .
Per Point Arena— Ross it Hewlett; S Sorenson: 1
W seelev: A C Nichols A Co; Wilson & Baechtel;
Rohlffs AGerdau; Russ, Sauders <t Co; Mendocino
Lumber Co; Norton, Teller & Co: F B Haisrht: G A
Lammier: Wheaton, Brton & Co; A Bellanti: r
Williams; Hiliner. Breiihon A Schulz: C MacKie;
Mnrtin, Feusier&Co; McNab it smitlp.
Per China— Order: Bank of California; Pamrtt «
Co: S L Jones it Co; M J Brandenstein & Co: R
Isaacs & Bro; T Oisnl and various Chinese mer-
CM»nts. '
Per Norih Fork -C H Sawyer: California Glue
Works; Arctic Oil Works: Standard Oil Co: George
Shreve; Ilolbrook, Merrill & Stetson: J Duffy «fc Co;
N Ohlandt & Co; C Eldriuge; Chas Nelson.
For Lai > Shipping Intelligence See Fifteenth Pane
HATHAWAY AND HUMBOLDT
WAREHOUSES.
WE, THE UNDERSIGNED, RESPECTFULLY
*' announce to the public that we are the owners
■ and proprietors of the Hatha'.vay and Humholdc
Warehouses, that the same have been consoli-
dated, and will hereafter be known and called tha
HATHAWAY FREE WAREHOUSES,
Located on Spear street, between Harrison and
Bryant, and we are prepared to offer special in-
ducements to all merchants desiring storage.
JOHN BALLAKD and
W. H. MARTIN,
i office— 4o3 Spear st. _,
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAS)
CUT RATES
—^-TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
V±rrmt Clasa &G.OO
Second Clasa—SsOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street
QOODALL, PERKINS <t CO.,
. ■ - . General Agent*,
ASTORIA At PORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails March 9 and 19
btate 01 California sails March 14 and -I
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. v.
eoODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
._ 630 -Market street.
PACinC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAW
STEAMERS WILL >JAIL FROM J*^B^.
n Broadway wharf, Kait Francisco, aa &£kSSSI
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng.-WrangeU Juneau. Kil-
llsnooana Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., March 15. SO,
April 14. 29..
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
I Whatcom (BellinghamMJay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
■ March 5, 10. 15, -.0. -25.--30. and every fifth
I day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
• the C. P. It. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Pore Townsend with.
1 Alaska steamers.
i For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, '2 p. m., M»rcn 2, 6, 10,
14. IS. 2J, '26, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco*.
Port Harrord (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. March
i i 4. x. IV, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth day
' . thereafter.
: For San Diego, stopping only at v Port Harforl
■ (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, • Port Los
i I Angeles. Redoudo (Los Angeles) and .'Newport. 11
: a. U., March 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 2'J, '26,. 3D, and
• ; every fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Willam-
: ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
■treet.
GOODAIiL, PERKINS 4 CO., Genl Agents.
• ' 10 Market st.. San Francisco. .
OCEAJIC STEAMSHIP (MPAXY.
,l[gfllHfc t Cool?ardie gold fields
>fll^ i J sAI (Kreemantle), Amr.i-
HAkflV,;, »a; $220 tirst class;
jfEfCr' U Nni ||!U» •*' :!l steerage, louts',
rates to Capetown,
f*^^^tbk. South Africa.
sV/ 'flF^fp' vmk Australian steamor,
»iA* X \™ MONOWAI, sails via
Wtml Vj t^Jm Honolulu and Auck-
fh'&JFi*^lWKa land ' Friday, March (3,
Steamship Australia,
Honolulu only, Tues-
day, March 10, at. 10
A. M.
Speciai, Parties.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and Ann! 7.
Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street. •
Freight Office, 327 Market street.
J. D. aPRECKELS & BitOs. CO.,
_^___ General Agents.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TRAXSATLASTIQUE
French Line to Havre.
CIOM PAN PIER (NE\V),42 NORTH /MS.
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by mHikf^g
this line avoid both transit cy English railway si.nl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class 160: second-class, $116.
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. Baudelon....
...-. March 14, 10 a. M
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe
March 21, 5 A. If
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf. ..:
.......:.. March 28, 10 A. If
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Deloncle.,
April 4, sa. if
M3~ For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. W. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
nveniie. San Francisco.
' white .STAR urn
United States and Royal Mai! Steamers
BKTWEKN' .
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVEKY WtEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- 4*l**
ing to steamer and accommodations wjhßß
selected; second cabin, f35 and «40; Majestic and
Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel, FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coast.
SETHERLASDS AMERICA* STEAM lift
, GATIO3I COMPASY.
New York to Boulogne (Parla), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at
' . 9 a. m.
, Cheapest route to Europe. First cabin *45 and
upward. Second cabin $36. Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. Lowesc steerage rates to all points.
For passage apply to local" ticket agent or
1 THOMAS COOK A SON, Pacific Coast passenger
•gents, 621 Market St.. S. F. ..
ROYAI mail STEAM PAC&ET compact.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL Jtff±
fortnighUy for the West Indies and fioHl
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. ■
Through bills of lading. In connection with th»
Pad lie Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
on* to direct ports in EnfilaiKl and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, : 195: thlr4
-»— so? MX. For further particulars appl7 to
"^ VARROTT & CO., Agents.
306 California St.
"" STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St«
At ft I. Hi Uaily, Kxcept Sunday.
*jr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
SIKAMKK :
T.C.Walker. J. D. P«t«rn,
Mary Ciurratt, ■ City or Stockton.
Telephone Main 806. Cm, N ay. and linpt. Co.
IILLEJO. MIRE ISMSD.*BE«CI4, PORT
COSTA WIMIHMKKIT. ■■
sti:. siii.\ncKi,i,o,
Dally, except Saturduy and Surday-10-30 a. X.
. and 4 P. x. ; Saturday, i-:30 noon-
Sttnday-tt p. m *
•4 r, m. only. . . . ;
L»naißg, MlMloa 1- ri«»tInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
FILLS A SOLDIER'S GRAVE
Father Wood, the Old Salvation
ist, Will Never March
Again.
BURIED BY HIS COMRADES.
Whatever Was the Secret of His
Early Life It Has Gone to the
Grave With Him.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, March 5. \
"Father" Wood of the Salvation Army
was buried to-day according to the ritual
of that organization. Many members of
the army attended in uniform, and as the
solitary hearse proceeded from Wood's
room to the barracks, flanked on either
side by pall-bearers in uniform, it at
tracted more than ordinary attention.
There were no relatives present, as
Father Wood is not Known to have a
single one living. Very little is known
about the early life of Wood, and he never
confided that part of his history to his
comrades. It was generally supposed
that be had been at one time a man of
some standing in the world, as his man
ner gave evidence of some refinement,
but no one learned the secrets of his
past. It was understood that he had
:iever married, and that when the army
"picked him up" a few years ago, he was
in the gutter of degradation.
He was far from being an attractive
man when the woric of reformation
commenced. The evidences of dissipa
tion were painfully apparent, and in his
system the germ's of consumption had
found ready soil. But he lived long
enough to prove that he had stamina
enough to Keep from retreating. The old
man was 'gritty, and although the army
was pledged to support him he worked
wheneverhe feit able and preserved his
independent spirit.
When he had satisfied himself that the
Salvation Army intended to stick by him
he turned over to the officers a couple of
hundred dollars on the condition that he
should always have a shelter while he
lived.
The contract was only a verbal one, but
it was strictly kept. Father Wood did all
he could to help himself and the army did
the rest.
Thousands of people in this City are
familiar with the figure of Father Wood,
and will miss him from the nightly march.
He walkeii with a military bearing, and
gave evidence of having been an old sol
tiier.
The simple story told by Ensign Reid
over his coffin placed the worn-out old
warrior in the light of a man whose re
ward made his lot infinitely superior to
those who stood around the bier.
i A few frost-nipped roses and some
sprigs of fragrant heliotrope were placed
on the coffin. Rather than have the ig
nominy of a pauper's burial ca> on the
remains of their comrade, the soldiers had
subscribed for the simple funeral ex
pense?.
'•Father Wood is dead," said Ensign
Reid, "but his example of faithfulness
wiJiiive forever."
Another Trust Contest.
OAKLAND, Cal.. March s.— The for
tune of the Jr.te Elizabeth L. Cook, amount
ing to $40,000, is again in contest. The i
case of Rachel Kimbail, a sister of the de
ceased widow, against William G. Tripp
came up for trial before Judge Oeden to
day with the Public Administrator an in
terested party on the plaintiff's side.
Plaintiff claims as she is the only heir to
the property she should have it instead of
allowing Tripp to hold it as a trustee. He
in turn claims it was all given to him with
instructions how to dispose of it so that it
would not hare to go into probate.
He was estopped from proceeding by a
suit instituted by Public Administrator
Knight wherein the latter secured judg
ment for $10,000. The case is so tangled
that it will take months, if not years, to
settle.
Numerous "Weddings.
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— Cupid is
getting in some lively work in San Fran
cisco these days, many of his victims cdm
ing to Oakland to have the knot tied.
Justice Cliff acted in his official capacity
for the following couples to-day:
Thomas Theodore Bahlick, age 21, and
Elizabeth Lotus, age 26.
George Walter Steele, age 21, and Mary
Gay, age 20.
Justin Arsonjer, age 21, and Bertha A.
Peguillan, age 18, all of San Francisco.
Joseph James-, age 23, and Lena A. Koh
!er, age 21, of Alameda.
Anxious About Pensions.
OAKLAND, Cal., Mai ch s.— The Ala
meda County Teachers' Annuity Associ
ation will hold a meeting Saturday after
noon at the High School to form a perma
nent organization. The present arrange
ment is only temporary and the members
are anxious to have their affairs in con
nection with the pension law placed in
such shape that there will be concert of
action. To date there has been no move
made toward a rinal settlement of the
questions that have been raised regarding
the validity of the law.
Fighting for Money.
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— Judge
Frick is engaged in the trial of a peculiar
case. Two daughters of John Wier, a
baker who died here three years ago, are
fighting Olaf P. Johnson, an uncle by mar
riage, to have the $.5000 he received by him
from his wife declared a trust for Wier to
them. Johnson's wife was a sister of
Wier's. She died in 1893 and two months
latter Wier died. The defense object to the
suit on the ground of limitation, and claim
Wier was cared for by his sister at consid
erable expense.
Lamplng's Contest.
OAKLAND, Cat., March s.— Ex-Police
Officer Lamping is not satisfied with his ;
dismissal by the Police Commissioners and
- is taking steps which he believes will even
tually lead to his reinstatement. Through
his attorney he has served each member of
the board with a notification that he con
tests their decision. He denies the legal
existence of the board and he does not con
sider the evidence sufficient to warrant the
verdict.
Talked of Suicide.
OAKLAND, Cal.. March The jury
intne inquest of Ed ware E. KcC*w, who
hanged himself in the rear of Henry Kob
insor's cigar-store in Livermore yesterday,
returned a verdict of suicide. Richard
Maguire testified : McCaw asked him to
eat shortly before he took his life, say
ing it would be his last drink. Benjamin
Coughlan and Robinson both testified to
hearing McCaw talk of takine his life.
, More 'Mechanic* Needed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Maich s.— Some time
ago the Judson Iron Works at Emeryville
started their nail works ana it has been
constantly increasing in importance. At
first only twelve to fifteen tonsof nails were
turned out every day. Now the output
as been increased until the works are
running at its full capacity and more
• mechanics may be put in during the sum
mer.
Ward's Hail Reduced.
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— The bail of
Leake. alias Ward, one of the gold brick j
swindlers, which was raised to i 52500 last
night by Judge Woo. l, was reduced to $-50
cash to-day. ; The bail was deposited and
Leafce was released.
Collins Is Dying.
OAKLAND, Cai.., M arch Assembly
man H.M. Collins, who has been seriously
ill for some months, is now at the point of
death, and no hopes are entertained for his
recovery. In 1890 Mr. Collins was elected
to the City Council from the First "Ward,
and also served as president of that body.
Two years ago he was elected to the As
sembly. Mr. Collins is 62 years of age.
To Reduce Hydrant Rates.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 5. — The
City Council to-night decided to re
duce the rate paid" for hydrants from
f 2 50 to $1 75. An ordinance is being intro
duced providing for the placing of an ad
ditional lot of hydrants, so that the in
come to the water* companies will remain
the same.
• Back on the Payroll.
OAKLAND, Cal., March s.— George H.
Kellogg, who was dismissed from the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific Company as a
detective about ten months ago, has been
taken back as watchman.
HISTORY OF A DAI.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
t)O8 Broadway, March 5. (
Otto Schmltt is in jail on a charge of per
sonating a t'nited States Secret Service officer,
lie was arrested on complaint of the Dobles of
Fruiivale.
The trustees of the First Congregational
Church have decided not to sign the protest
against the construction of a new sewer in
Clay street.
The management of the National Base Ore
Reduction Works expects to get the affairs of
that concern adjusted this week and to be able
to shortly resume operations.
The California Door Company and the Cali
fornia Shoe Company are again in operation.
Both concerns give employment to a large
number of West Oakland people.
Santos, the man who was accused of ill treat
ment of little girls, was held to answer by
Justice Howe in Alameda thi9 afternoon. Be
ing unable to give bonds in tne sum of $3000
he was sent to jail.
The Municipal League is to be formed in
Alameda. It will meet in April. It is to be
part of a State Municipal League, and Mayor
Sutro will address the meeting. Municipal
ownership of lights and water will be advo
cated.
The First Free Baptist Church will give its
new pastor. Rev. Philip Graif, a reception
to-morrow night at the church. All members
of the cnurch and of the congregation and all
friends of the churcii and pastor are invited
to attend.
The suit of Elizabeth Kuenzel against the
Alameda, Oakland and Piedmont electric road
was dismissed to-day on motion of Attorneys
Johnson and Shaw. A compromise effected
some weeks ago has been settled by the com
pany. The amount is about $1000.
Christian Endeavorers of the Tenth-avenue
Baptist Church are arranging to hold an even
ing with Burns and Tennyson on Friday in
the church. It is the intention to have a
stereopticon exhibit of Scotch scenes, with
-selections from the poetry and Scottish songs
in characteristic dross.
DOWNES HAS DISAPPEARED
It Is Thought the Old Man
Committed Suicide in
Alameda.
Telephone Subscribers Protest Against
Nickel-in-the-Slot Attach
ments.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 6-.— Patrick
Downes has disappeared and it is thought
be may have committed suicide. He was
; a :naii not vigorous of mind, w*io floated
hither and thithc without aim or object
or consecutive effort. Four months ago
he was arrested for being a vagrant and
was held before Justice Morris. The
magistrate, instead & sending him to jail,
set him to doing chores about the magis
terial residence for his keep. Tor a time
all went well and then the old man began
I to grow restless again and to talk mysteri
ously of dying and ending his troubles.
Suddenly he disappeared, and now that
his peculiarities are remembered it is
thought he may have wandered away to
some secluded spot and ended his life.
Downes is the man who attracted atten
tion in San Francisco a year ago by throw
ing a cobblestone through one of the
large plate-glass windows of J. J. O'Brien's
store, claiming he did so to get shelter and
food tnrough arrest. In this he was but
temporarily successful, however, for a
sympathetic jury, hearing the story of his
woe, acquitted liitr. of the charge of mali
cious mischief.
Protest About Telephones.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March s.— The busi
ness men of Alameda are up in arms
against the action of the telephone com
pany in putting nickel-in-the-slot attach
ments on their telephones. The machines
only permit of forty calls during the
month, each one over that number costing
the subscriber 3 cents out of every 5
dropped* in the slot, and this discrimina
tion the merchants protest against. A
petition for presentation to the Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Company is
Deing circulated by A. P. Smiley and James
A. Munroe, which reads:
Vie, trie undersigned, contract subscribers to
your telephone, request that the nickel-in-the
slot contrivance be removed from your tele
phones, and that our use of the said telephones
be not limited by said contrivance, but that
we be permitted to use the telephones in ac
cordance with the terms of our contracts with
you. In case this request is not acceded to, we
iiesire the removal of the 6aid telephones.
The petition already has a long list of
names attached to it. The merchants
argue that forty switches a month means
a little over one each day, which is en
tirely out of proportion to the amount of
cost of rental.
Funeral of Mrs. McLean.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 5. — The re
mains of the late Mrs. Mary Eliza Mc-
I Lean, the wife of the Health Officer of
Alameda, have been embalmed, and their
interment at Mountain View Cemetery
will be private, on the return of Dr. Mc-
Lean from Washington, D. C. At the
funeral the pal!-bearers were: Joseph F.
Forderer, of the Board of Trustees; Drs.
O. P. Reynolds and C. H. Lubbock, of the
Board of Hoalth; G. F. Watson and W. F. j
! (jilison. The ritual of the funeral service
i was read by the Rev. F. D. Bovard of the
| I'ark-street M. .E. Church, and the eulogy
! pronounced by the Rev. M. C. Biggs of
I San Jose.
A Christian Canvass.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 5. - The
churco.es represented in the Ministerial
Union of Alatne:l.i have made a new de
parture. They ha/c canvassers who have
for the past weeK or more been visiting
from house to house. Their object is to
learn whether or not the family called on
is affiliated witn any of the denominational
churches of the city, and if not they make
an effort to have them do so. A card entitled
"Christian Greetinc," inviting tlie recip
ient to attend and "identify yourself with
some one of them as your Christian home,
etc.," is presented.
Anna Shaw to Lecture.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March s.— The Po
litical Equality Club of Alameda has se
cured Rev. Anna Shaw to lecture bofore it
on March 18. The lecture will be de
livered in Park Opera-house, and the sub
ject will be "The New Man."
Professor Merrill's Lecture.
The special committee on a course of free lec
tures, appointed by the Board of Education,
has announced that the next lecture to the
teachers oJ tlie department will be Riven by
Professor George A. Merrill, principal of the
California School ol Mechanical Arts, in the
auditorium of the Girls.' High School, corner
of Scott and Geary streets, this evening at 8
o'clock. The subject oi" tne lecture will be
"The Krolution of Industrial Education in
America." l'rofessor Walter N. Bush, principal
of me Polytechnic High School, will deliver
the opening address, and Professor L. A. Bu
chanan, principal of the Cogswell Polytechnic
College, will act as chairman of the evening.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
LETS HIS LIGHT SHINE
But It Is Always With the
Aid of a "Borrowed"
Stereopticon.
A RELIGIOUS KLEPTOMANIAC.
Remarkable Career of Rev. J. H. Scott,
Under Arrest for Embezzling a
Magic-Lantern.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 5. f
The latest natural curiosity to develop
on this side of the bay is a reiigious klep
tomaniac, with a predominating penchant
for stereopticon outfits, valuable ones re
ceiving the preference.
A few weeks ago The Call published a
story of how A. J. MacMurtry had been
swindled out of a valuable stereopticon
apparatus that he loaned the "Rev." C. H.
Scott some months ago. Scott represented
himself as an Arizona evangelist, and,
after establishing himself firmly in the
good graces of Christian people, he mani
fested a desire to borrow, always in the
interests of the work of religion. Recently
Scott was arrested in Los Angeles, and
MacMurtry has sworn out a warrant for
embezzlement. An officer was sent down
to-day and the "reverend" Mr. Scott will
have a chance to explain his actions next
week before Judge vVood in the Police
Court.
Since the publication of the story in The
Call evidences of Mr. Scott's borrowing
mania have been made known in various
parts of the country. He was first heard
of in 1893 in Canton, N. J., where he en
tered the St, Lawrence University to take
up a special course of study. He said his
home was in California, and that he was
a regularly ordained Congregational min
ister; that he had circumnavigated the
globe as a captain of a man-of-war: that
he had penetrated the ic3' north with the
pole-seeking Schwatka; that he had been
a missionary among the red rovers of the
plains, and that be was the owner of a
fine stereopticon which had become sepa
rated from him and lost.
At that time he had several sets of fine
magic-lantern slides, illustrative of polar
scenes, and he wanted to give a lecture on
Alaska. He learned that Professor Priest
had a fine double stereopticon, so he "bor
rowed" it, and a few days later the rev
erend lecturer and the professor's outfit
were missing.
"Rev." Scott next turned up at Nor
wood, Vt. He had Professor Priest's re
liable outfit with him, and when his iden
tity was discovered he was arrested and
taken to New Jersey. Upon his returninc
and paying the costs the charge was dis
missed and Scott faded from view in that
State. Shortly after he left news was re
ceived that he was wanted in Illinois for
"borrowing" a stereopticon from a minis
terial friend and skipping out.
After leaving Canton "Rev." C. H. Scott
made a trip to California on "borrowed"'
money, and tnen was heard from at Al
burg Springs, Vt., where he was kjiown as
Rev. Henry Clay Steele, and where he was
engaged to preach. He was a man of fine
appearance, eood address and much elo
quence, and his congregation raised the
necessary funds and sent him to Chicago
for his wife and child. After taking in the
World's Fair he returned with a plausible
story regarding his family and soon after
ward skipped witn missionary funds to the
amount of $160 and a lot of "borrowed"
books, besides forgetting his board bill.
A few months later he appeared at Mid
dletown Spring?, where he gave good satis
faction as a Baptist preacher.
The church authorities grew suspicious
andstaited an investigation when Scott
took a letter from the Postomce directed
to a deacon and containing charges
against him. He at once "borrowed' a
team and carriage and drove to the nearest
railway station.
He next appeared in Arizona and last of
all at Los Angeles, taking in Mr. Mac-
Murtry of Oakland e:i route.
"I intend to prosecute him to the full
extent of the law," said MacMurtry, "but
I expect it will be difficult to make a
charge of embezzlement stick."
CO-EDS PLANT GARDENS.
They Will Lay Out the Grounds
Around North Hall With
Flowers.
Duties of the Local Health Officer.
Higgins Wants to Sell Liquor.
News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 5.- North
Hall, the oldest of the buildings at the
State University, and the one on three
sides of which extensive excavating has
been recently done by the student laboi
ers», is soon to be surrounded with gardens
of roses, geraniums, shrubs, deciduous
trees, ivy and other trailing and twining
vines.
The co-eds are to do all this. The plant
ing of flowers and shrubbery and the beau
tifying of the grounds in close proximity
to the old wooden structure is to be their
part in the student labor movement.
Though they will not actually get out and
• work with the ?pades and sticvels them
j selves, they will furnish means to pur
chase the plants and to pay for the labor
in having them set out.
Just whether grass will be sown on the
t:.ree sides of the hiill where the excavat
ing has been going dn is a matter of specu
ulation, but that its surroundings will be
made more assuming by the effort* of the
co-eds is assuied, so Regent lleinstein said
to-day.
The young Cornell of the university
lia"e been anxious to do something toward
beautifying the grounds ever since the re
cent labor movement was proposed by Mr.
Keinstein, but nothing has appeared to
them in so plausible a light as Hie plant
ing and rearing of a flower garden around
the recitation hall.
Nothing can be done in this new depart
ure until the work of leveling off the
ground in the vicinity of North Hall has
been completed -and the time for the stu
dent laborers to do this only depends
upon how soon the weather will permit.
Lnose who know of the new scheme
among the co-eds seem to think that it
will be much more productive of lasting
Kood than any of the others which have
been mentioned.
liealth Officer's Duties.
BERKELEY, Cal., March s.— Objections
have boen raised to the ordinance passed
borne months aco by the Town Trustees
creating a Health Officer for Berkeley. The
ordinance gives the Health Officer power
"to act upon, def.ne, determine and ad
judge what shall constitute a nuisance in
the town of Berkeley," and all per
sons who refuse to comply with an order
from the Health Ollicer to abate what he<
may have declared to be a nuisance shall
be deemed guilty of misdemeanor, punish
able by a tine of" $50 or more.
The arbitrary powers tii us given to tlio
Health Orhcer are declared to be contrary
to constitutional law, and liKely to result
in an abuse of power, and it is possible
that the Town Trustees will be asked to
reconsider their ordinance. No -charge
has been made that the present Health
Officer, Dr. Rowell, has been guilty of un
due exercise of authority, but objectors to
the ordinance call attention to the fact
that such unreasonable display of power is
a possibility.
To Establish Kates.
BERKELEY, Cal., March s.— The Mas
ter Plumbers' Association of Berkeley
held an important meeting last evening, at
which they decided to co-operate more ef
fectually for their preservation and sell
interests. A blacklist of "deadheads" was
made out for the use of all local firms, and
hereafter no work will be done on credit
for those whose names appear on the list.
The society decided to tender a recep
tion and banque; to the officers of the
master plumbers' associations of San
Francisco. Oakland ar.d Alameda early in
April. The date and place was left to a
committee composed of Sanitary Inspector
Frank Thompson. Byron Underwood, J. J.
Menjes ana Al Hawes.
Petition to Sell Liquor.
BERKELEY, Cal., March s.— lt is re
ported that a petition signed by every
saloon-keeper in West Berkeley will be
presented to the town board at their next
meeting:. The petition requests that the
board grant J. J. Higgins a license to sell
liquor providing he pays $50 of Ihe $160
license fees which he would have paid had
he taken out a license at the lime the
board granted him the privilege of so
doing. Higgins refuses to state who has
joined him in the petition, but it is under
stood that he has secured signatures of the
majority of the West Berkeley liquor
dealers.
Kosewald Memorial.
BERKELEY, Cal., March s.— Professor
J. H. Rosewald's lecture on "Descriptive
and Characteristic Music," which was to
have been delivered in Berkeley by Mr.
Kosewald himseli some months aeo, and
which has been postponed several times
since his death, will be read to-morrow
afternoon by Professor Bernard Moses at
the Columbia Theater in San Francisco.
The lecture is to be illustrated by tome of
the best musical artists 10 San Francisco,
among whom are Messrs. Beel, Jaulus,
Coffin, Miss Morey and Miss Weigel. The
entertainment is* to be given under the
auspices of the faculty of the State Uni
versity for the benefit of the Rosewald
memorial aid fund at the university. The
lecture will begin at 3:30 p. m.
Studeutg' Gateway.
BERKELEY, Cal., March s.— Regent
Reinstein states that a temporary wooden
gateway will be erected at the new Center
street entrance to the university grounds,
to be known as tbe "Students' Gateway."
This will serve for the present, it being
hoped that a more pretentious and sub
stantial one will be erected at some time
in the near future.
The regent says that the cash valuation
of the work recently done by the students
on the campus, together with the dona
tions of various kinds, will aggregate at
leasi $5000.
Lecture by Colonel Greenleaf.
BERKELEY, Cal., March s.— Colonel
Charles K. Greenleaf, U. 8. A., will lecture
at Stiles Hall to-morrow evening on
"Humanity in War." It. is to be given
under the auspices of the local Unitarian
Society and will b^ the third of a series of
six lectures arranged for ty the Unitarians,
rresbytcrltin Concert.
BERKELEY, Cat... March s.— The choir
of the First Presbyterian Church will give
a public concert to-morrow evening in the
auditorium of the church as a benelit to
the building fund.
MORE OFFICERS ELECTED
Good Attendance of Delegates at
the A. P. A. Conven
tion.
The Work of Framing Amendments to
the Constitution Will Be Taken
Up To-Day.
The attendance of the delegates to the
third day's session of the American Pro
tective Association was as gooc as on the
two previous days. The fact that so many
members of the Superior Council wished
to see Washington, D. C, next May, wnen
the Supreme Grand Council will meet
there, was an incentive to the Californians
to remain at the State Council and try
tbeir luck with their friends to get suffi
cient votes to secure the offices of dele
gates.
After the disposal of some routine work
and the adjusting of &dme committee re
ports the convention resumed the labors
of electing the balance of the State officers.
For the office of grand sergeant-at-arms
J. E. Ha!l of Stockton was awarded the
honor of the baton, after a sharp contest
with ihree competitors.
To attend to the inner door during the
session of tne Grand Council H. W. Honn
of Shasta was elected.
Joseph McNeil of San Diego will guard
the outer door against any of the unini
tiated gaining admission.
For the office of trustees the followiug
three gentlemen will euard the valuables
of the Grand Council and also attend to
the financial branch of the order: A.
Peterson of Santa Cruz, M. Laidlaw of
Oakland and W. D. Kingsbury of San
Francisco.
For delegates to the Grand Supreme
Council there were twenty-live nominees
placed before the convention. Out of this
number the following were elected: G. G.
Baker and B. F. Hudelson of OaKland by
virtue of their offices as past and present
State presidents; G. E. Hayes, San Ber
nardino; Joseph Waldorp, Sonoma; W.
W. Knickerbocker. Oakland; H. W.
Mathews and W. S. A. Nicholson of San
Franciboo; \V. W. Rodehaver, Auburn; P.
Pearsun, Redlands; L. W. All'im, River
side; S. M. Androus, Pomona; W. 11. Nei
mier and Governor L. A. Sheldon, Los
Angeles; J. L. Gilbert, Fresno; D. D. Bow
man, Santa Cruz; H. V. Swain, Stockton,
and C. H. Darling, Sonoma.
A recess wns taken at 4:30 for the pur
pose of receiving the following named
ladies, who represented the executive com
mittee of the W. A. P. A.: Mrs. M. E.
Richardson, president; Mrs. L. A. Gunn,
secretary; Mrs. lea Killenberger, treasurer:
Mrs. \V. F. Barnes, Mrs. L. P. McCarthy,
Mrs. M. E. Stahl and Mrs. L. Fenton.
After an introduction by President Hudel
son an hour's time was devoted to short
speeches and an exchange of congratula
tions between the newly elected officers
and the lady members of the woman's
branch of the order.
After disposing of the election of officers
the convention resumed the regular order
of business and took up the consideration
of amendments to the constitution.
The session will resume its labors at 10
o'clock this forenoon.
Caricaturing Kxplained.
Spedon, the caricaturist, gave his initial
entertainment in this City last night at the Y.
M. C. A. auditorium.
He amused his audience with rapidly exe
cuted and evolved sketches of individuals and
landscapes, and he talked entertainingly all
the while, telling humorous incidents or ex
plaining the illustrator's art, the impression*
isfs method and the caricaturist's attempt to
portr&y character by exaggerating with a few
bold lines the most noticeable features of the
individual.
A Cyclist's^Mishap.
The bicycle races last night sent a man to the
hospital. R. (i. Harvey Downing of the Garden
City Bicycle Club was leading in the ten-mile
race and just as he was finishing his last lap
be fell and was thrown violently on his face.
He was taken to the .hospital, where it was
found that his nose was broken. He received
several other bad cuts.
ANOTHER G. A. H. BATTLE
Lyon Post Declares That De
partment Commander Wilson
Is in Error.
HAS EXCEEDED HIS AUTHORITY
Deny That He Has Power to Order
an Inquiry Into Charges Against
the Directors.
Oaklaxd Office San Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 5. \
Lyon Post No. 8, Grand Army of the Re
public, has named as a committee to ap
pear before the court of inquiry called by
Department Commander Wilson the fol
lowing members: George A. Norton, com
mander of Lyon Post; Senior Vice-Com
mander Richardson, George S. Naismith,
G. Hoguet, Major E. W. Woodward, E. P.
Daniels, J. B. Colqnhoun, R. C. J. Adney
and John A. Robinson.
The committee met last night, with all
members present, when it was announced
that G. S. Naismith had declined to serve
so that ex-Judge Gibson could be placed
on the committee. Judge Talcott and
General Thompson were also present.
The subject considered was the right
and authority of the department com
mander to call a court of inquiry to inves
tigate the charges of malfeasance in office
against the board of directors of the Sol
diers' Home at Yountville. It was finally
decided to deny the right of toe court to
inquire into the truth or falsity of the
charges, on the ground that the court of
inquiry was instituted without authority
of the rules in the G. A. R. Blue Book. If
this should be overruled the committee
will insist on a continuance to prepare
their side of the case.
The committee searched the Blue Book
through, but in vain, for authority dele
gating the department commander power
to convene a court of inquiry to seek the
truth or falsity of the charges in question.
These charges, it was shown, had been
made not against individuals as members
of the order, but as managers of a soldiers'
home, supported in part by money con
tributed by the State of California.
Attention wa3 called to the fact that
the charges, which were based on allega
tions and beliefs, closed with a request
for the Governor to investigate ana that
the G. A. R. annual encampment act on a
proposition to turn the home over to the
State.
This being the case it is alleged that
Lyon Post has not offended against any
law of the order and that tlie department
commander acted in an unwarranted man
ner when he undertook to forestall the ac
tion of Governor Budd by instituting an
inquiry into the methods in which the
home has been conducted. In further
support of their view of the case the mem
bers of Lyon Post say there ifl nothing to
be gained by this illegal course, because
Governor Budd has already signified his
willingness to investigate, and it is be
lieved will do so as soon as he returns
from the southern part of the St£.te, which
wiil be in about ten days.
The haste with which it has been sought
to bring on this G. A. R. investigation has
caused the Lyon Post members to feel
that it lias done more with the view to
gratify the wishes of the members of
Thomas and Lincoln posts in San Fran
cisco than anything else. It is claimed
that those latter have intimated that Lyon
Post will be driven out of the department.
If it is a desire to try Lyon Post on a
technical offense under the G. A. R. law
for publishing the charges referred to it is
believed that there might be some ground
on which to make such a point, but there
is no such offense charged in the sum
mons.
Should such a charge be made against
Lyon Post, however, it is more than likely
that a similar charge could and would
be made against Lincoln and Thomas
posts in San Francisco, from each of which
organization resolutions and other docu
ments bearing on the subject have ap
peared in the public prints. It was per
haps for this reason that Lyon Post was
not called to answer on that score.
The nearest approach made by Lyon
| Post to a direct charge against the
G. A. K. or any of the order, it is t,aid, is
| the expression of a belief that Thomas
Post of San Francisco "has usurped the
control of the Veterans' Home, having
had most of the commandants, all the
treasurers, all the secretaries coining from
| the Grand Army and many other officials,
: while posts that have labored faithfully
j for the veterans have practically no voice
I in the management of the home."
But this charge is not referred to in the
| summons either, and for that reason the
members, of Lyon Post say that Thomas
Post does not want any further reference
I to the charge, which it is alleged may
! be easily demonstrated to be the truth.
| They say further that all they want is fair
| play.
They claim this Is a matter in which all
! the people of the State, and not merely the
1 friends of the directors of the Yountville
; Home, are interested. The charges should
! tnerefore be inquired into by State offi
! cials— the Governor, or by a disinterested
! board which the Governor may name.
One of the most interested parties to the
controversy went to Sacramento to-day to
seethe Attorney-General regarding the
j State interests.
Two years ago General Barnes submitted
! a minority report OB the management of
| the home to the State encampment that
■ created a sensation, as it severely criticized
! those in charge, but it was not accepted.
"This report or any copy of it is not to be
found now; they have all been called in,"
| said the general to-day in speaking of the
| matter.
OBJECT TO PICNICS.
j Grand Army Men Want the Spirit of
Memorial Day to Be Preserved.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 5. f
A meeting of Grand Army men and of
the Women's Relief Corps was held to
i night for the purpose of securing a suita-
I ble observance of Memorial day. Thacel
i ebration will be under the management of
| the permanent Memorial-day committee
: organized aftpr the celebration a year ago.
There is a desire on the part of the old
soldiers and their wives and of many citi
| zeus to prevent the day being devoted to
i picnics and sports, as has been the case for
! several years past. The committee is
working with the idea of having the day
j preserved for exercises in conformity with
the purpose for which the holiday was
founded. They have been holding
monthly meetings since last year, but now
that the holiday is approaching they will
at once decide on the methods, to be pur
sued to carry out their intentions.
The following are the members of the
committee appointed to carry out the work
| of observance of Memorial day :
Lyon Post— W. H. H. Hussey, Daniels,
William Davenport.
Apuomattox Post— N. S. Douglass, E. S.
Parritt, Peter Clark.
D. D. Porter Post— W. F. Lewis, J. R.
Scupham, Chailes E. Lancaster.
Hooker Post, Alameda— J. H. Demise,
C. D. Judd. George R. Miller.
Lookout Mountain Post, Berkeley— J. R.
! Aver, Ed P. Bancroft, T. J. Gilbert.
Lyon W. R. C— Mrs Cora Merritt, Mrs.
A. Winkier, Mrs. Josephine Harnlin.
Appomattox W. R. C— Mrs. Lucinda R.
Gilmore, Mrs. Sarah McFarlin, Mrs. An
nie Goodwin.
Lookout Mountain W. 11. C, Berkeley—
Mrs. A. Hamlin, Mrs. Carrie Sawyer, Mrs.
M. Stewart.
Phil Sheridan Circle, Ladies G. A. R.—
Mrs. Sarah E. B. Todd, Alameda; Mrs. C.
Connell, Mrs. Martha Campbell.
John D. Wynian Circle. LadiesfG. A.
R.— Mrs. Marion E. Kyle, Mrs. Venice F.
Gushing, Mrs. Mary J.'Pite.
Colonel E. D. Baker Camp S. of V.—
Frank C. Shiplev, Charles A. Taber, Carl
F. tVood.
Captain W. H. H. Hussey is chairman
of the committee and Dr. Charles E. Lan
caster secretary.
A TRAMP KILLED.
Third Victim of the Berkeley Local
Trains Within the Past Seven
Weeks.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 5.-George
Barnestead, the third victim of the Berke
ley local trains within the past seven
weeks, was killed to-night by the north
bound train between Bristol street and
University avenue at about 6:20 o'clock.
He was a tramp, between the age of 55
and 60 years, and was supposed to have
recently come from San Bernardino. He
was drunk at the time of the accident, and
it is thought that, on account of this ho
lost his life. He was standing on the track
as the train approached.
The engineer whistled first when within
about 200 yards of the man. He got off
the track, according to the engineer, and
staggered back toward it as the train drew
near. The engine passed him and he was
struck by the brakebeam of the fhst car.
The entire top of his head was taken off
and both arms were broken. The other
parts of his body remained uninjured.
Late this afternoon he was seen in Henry
Ostermann's saloon and was recognized by
W. A. and J. J. Nash, who knew him
while in San Bernardino. Barnestead se
cured several drinks at the saloon and
called for more, but they were refused
him. He then asked the way to San Fran
cisco and was si-en later by the Nash
brothers and Ostermann staggering down
the track. A few moments later the re
port came that he was killed. He was
roughly dressed and bore all the appear
ances of a hardened tramp.
SOME STUDIO GLIMPSES
The Arts and Crafts Guild Will
Hold a Novel Exhibi
tion.
It Is Proposed to Show the Public
How Pictures Are Really
Made.
The Guild of' Arts and Crafts has decided
to hold an exhibition in April which will
be entirely novel in character. Instead of
banging framed and glazed pictures ready
to suspend in a room the exhibition will
partake a little of the character of a studio
— nearly all the exhibits will be unframed
and many of the sketches will be uniin
ished.
The desire of the guild is to hold an ex
hibition which will not clash with the
spring show at the Art Institute, and after
considering several schemes it was finally
resolved that a sketch exhibition would be
novel as well as instructive.
Another thing that has been resolved
upon is that there shall be no jury to ac
cept or reject pictures at its ottn will or ca
price.
The members of the guild say they do
not want anything or any one to "boss"
the coming exhibition, and in pursuance
of this plan, even committee work in con
nection with the affair will be curtailed as
much as possible.
Each artist belonging to the guild will
be assigned a certain space, and it will be
his duty to see that it is hlled. He may
hang his own work or any one else's he
pleases, but he will be considered respon
fciDie for the character of work exhibited
in his own section, and woe betide him if
on the varnishing day his space is iound
to consist of empty walls.
It is believed that the exhibition of
sketches will encourage artists to bring
studies, old and new, out of their studios.
If a picture is only just sketched it may be
hung, for people who are not in the habit
of painting themselves or visiting studios
wiii iearn from the sketch how artists set
to work to make a picture, and it is in
tended that the coming exliibhion shall
let the public nave a peep behind the
scenes of studio work.
There is an illusion, so say the artists,
among good well-meaning people who
know nothing about art, that all a painter
has to do is to think out a subject, sketch
it in, slap his colors on the canvas and
have a picture as the result of his labors.
The arts and crafts guild says it means to
show the public a thing or two about how
an artist goes to work to paint pictures.
Paintings will be shown and beside them
will be all' the drawings and studies made
to reach the final compositions. One art
ist will show an open-air picture and be
side it will be six months' preliminary
work, in the way of studies of foreground,
background, middle distance, trees, grass,
logs, etc.
More sketches will show how these
sketches were welded together till the de
sired composition was finally reached and
the picture itself was begun.
The members of the guild say that after
going to the coming exhibition no one
will harbor the delusion that pictures are
mere hand work, painted according to
rules learned at school. They pledge
themselves to show how much hard work
there is in a picture, arid they will also let
the public see that a good deal more paint
is wasted than appears on the canvas. In
fact, they have undertaken the task of
proving that a good picture means a good
deal more in labor and thought than the
paint on the canvas and the man's time in
laying it on.
In order that the exhibition may not be
too didactic there will be a number of
finished pictures in addition to the
sketches, and studies of half-completed
paintings, but the charm of novelty will
really lie in the exhibition of the unfinished
work. It is believed mat at the last some
of the painters will shrink from exposing
their uncompleted work to the cold criti
cism of the world, and for these retiring
ones a 100 Dhole of escape has been left by
allowing any artist to fill his space with
finished and framed work if he chooses to
do so.
At the same time there is a good deal of
talk about "yanking" the works out of the
studios by force, and hanging them, des
pite the owners' protests, it all the walls
of the exhibition are not fully covered by
the beginning of next month.
The place for holding the sketch exhibit
has not yet been fully decided upon,
though it will probably be chosen in the
course of the next week or ten days.
Suicide With Carbolic Acid.
Mrs. Celia Reci, living at 16 Rich street,
committed suicide last. night about 10 o'clock
by drinking carbolic acid. Her husband, who
was absent at the time, found her dead in her
room when he returned. No reason for the
act is known. She was 3U years old and a na
tive of New York. The remains are at the
Morgue.
Delegates Elected.
At a meeting of Mission Parlor No. 38, N. S.
G. W., held last night, after a sDirited contest
John Porchar. past president, Senator Eugene
F. Bert, Dr. James A. Black and Adam L. Karl
were elected delegates to the next Grand Par
lor, which meets at San Luis Obispo next
month. There were eight candidates and the
meeting was largely attended.
The Bay of Fundy has the highest tide
in the world. It raises a foot every five
minutes, and sometimes attains a height
of seventy i'eet.
MAGNETIC NORTH POLE
Professor Davidson Waiting for
Papers From Wash
ington.
ANDREE AND HIS BALLOON.
Geographic Society Takes Steps to
Advise Northern Stations to Look
for the Air Ship.
The council of the Geographical Society
of the Pacific met yesterday afternoon at
the office of Professor George Davidson, its
president.
The business for which it was called was
discussed at length — that of presenting the
facts of the Jeannette relics, as they were
known to the members in San Francisco,
to the Royal Geographical Society of
Copenhagen. The council decided to in
trust the matter to Professor Davidson
and to Henry Lund. They will draw up a
paper reciting the facts and include with it
the paper concerning them by the Gover
nor of Greenland recently published.
The council also decided to prepare a
circular concerning the balloon expedition
to the north pole to be undertaken in
July by Professor Andree.
The circular will be sent to all the north
ern stations on the North Pacific coast and
to ail the Siberian ports that may be
reached by vessels from Pacific Coast
ports.
The circular will give advice as to the
character of the expedition and advise the
recipients to spread the news and ask that
a lookout be kept for the balloon, and if
sighted to afford assistance to the voya
gers.
Professor Davidson stated that he had
not received the papers from Washington
that he is expecting by every mail, and
was, therefore, not prepared to bring the
matter of the expedition to locate ibe
north magnetic pole formally before the
council. He will call a meeting for the
purpose as soon as his plans are in shape.
Adjuster Eckstein Arrested.
A. B. Eckstein, an adjuster and "spotter" on
the Market-street Railway, was arrested last
night on the charge of petty larceny. He lived
at 311 Turk street, ana was accused of stealing
his landlady's gold watch, handkerchiefs and
a pair of gloves.
Policeman F. B. Gibson found a pawn ticket
for the watch in Eckstein's pocket. The pris
oner was one of the defendants in the infamous
polltax swindles about nineteen years ago, and
the only one among them to be acquitted by
the jury. _____________
FOR BETTER PAVEMENTS.
Superintendent Ashworth Prom
ises to Co-operate With
Merchants.
Steps to Be Taken Toward Laying an
Electric Line on Montgomery
Street.
At the meeting of the board of directors
of the Merchants' Association yesterday a
communication was read from James D.
Phelan for a meeting of ihe committee on
the AYilmerding school site, to make re
newed efforts to secure that school for this
City.
A committee consistingof A. S. Baldwin,
Frank A. Swain and Vanderlynn Stow
was appointed to conter with Manager
Vining and report at the next general
meeting concerning the matter of trans
fers on Kearny street from the Market
street line. This committee was instructed
to take steps to secure a better pavement on
Montgomery street and to ascertain from
the Market-street Railway Company what
its intentions are concerning changes to an
electric line on that street. If such a
change werj contemplated repaying would
be necessary.
A committee consisting of H. Fusenot,
Hugo D. Keil and M. S. Konlberg was ap
pointed to take cbaree of tne matters con
nected with street-sprinKling, and to re
port at the next meeting what action
should be recommended to the merchants
in regard to it.
It was decided by the board that at the
next quarterly meeting of the association,
to be held at Beethoven Hall Thursday
evening, March 12, an invitation be ex
tended to each of the Freeholders who
framed the charter to address the meeting.
The secretary was instructed to call per
sonally on the Freeholders and ascertain
upon what portion of the charter it would
be their pleasure to speak, ihe public in
general are requested to attend the meet
ing, as well as the members of the associa
tion.
The association communicated with Su
perintendent of Streets Ashwortb, with a
view of having certain cobbled blocks in
the downtown districts bitumiuized dur
ing the present fiscal year.
In reply a letter has been received by the
association from Mr. Ashworth, contain
ing the following:
Since I am in happy accord with you as to
the necessity of improving the streets in the
localities mentioned by you, I shall be pleased
to have a consultation with you respecting the
matter, after you receive a knowledge of the
financial condition of the department through
the medium of the statement i shah prepare
for you.
In spite of its ice and severe cold Labra
dor possesses 900 species of flowering
plants, 59 ferns and over 250 species of
mosses and lichens.
NEW TO-DAY.
Marcella Sembrich
F"T^P"P"^CT| twites of
THE IDEAL TONIC:
" Additional praise of »YIN
MARIANI is unnecessary, it is
so well known ; but it is a pleas-
ure to again : add testimony to
the superiority of this marvelous
tonic."
Mailed Free;!
I Descriptive Book with Testimony and
\ Portraits
L-. OP NOTED CELEBRITIES.
Beneficial and Agreeable. .
. Every Teat Proves Reputation.
Aroid Substitutions. Ask for < Tin Marlani.*
At Druggists and Fancy trocars.
MARIANI & CO.,
PAmiß:4l Bd. H.n«m»nn. 62 V. 15thSt. f Hnr7fflfc
.. 1okdo« : 489 Oxford Street. .  ' .
/"~^|^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
IMTi iTi 1 Cs2s "* " *" * *"** Established
■"If"^H| 1834 for the treatment of Private 1
V Diseases. Lost Manhood. | Debility or
§H| njA disease wearing on body and mind and I
■ Skin DiaeaB«*a The doctor when
J H others fall. Try him. i Charges low
«3HI ■<'ure«Kunranir«>d. Callorwrita.
Dr. 4, *\ WIBBQ », Bo* 1857. San Franciacob I
1314
RACING AT INGLESIDE
A Large Crowd Attends the
Reopening of the New
Racecourse.
OUTSIDERS WERE SUCCESSFUL.
Collins Finished in Front of Basso.
Mobalasca Won Easily — Pat
Murphy Liked the S.ush.
It was not the most propitious weather
for racing that the Pacific Coast Jockey !
Club had for the reopening of its track at i
Incle;ide yesterday, still a laxg6 crowd of j
t.port-iovers were attracted by the seven !
well-filled events on the card. As the day i
wore on the threatening clouds cleared
nway, and after two events had been run \
off the sun's rays burst forth, proving a j
most welcome visitor to the large number !
of ladies in the grand stand who had as- i
sembied to do honor to "ladies' day." The |
track which was at first sloppy dried up!
with marvelous rapidily, and the popular i
secretary of the club, Sam Leake, said that [
be was looking for the navigator of the
sprinkling cart as the horses were called
for tne last race.
The sport throughout was clean and free
from any taint of anything that savored of
crookedness. The crowd wae a betting
one and the nineteen pencilers in the big
ring handled great quantities of coin.
After months of toil and labor the course
is rapidly assuming a finished appearance,
and while hardly comparable to beautiful
Morris Park, it easily echpses any of the
Western tracks. The management, always
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Corty-Mnth Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Thursday, March
15. 1 896. Weather Fine. Track Muddy. - . .
"■(IX FIRST IUCE- Four furlongs; selling: two-year-olds; allowances: purse $400.
Index.
Horse, weight.
; St.
y%
!
s /i
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
6-8 Gordon 104 1 '
754 Vevo 104: 2 I '
742 Indeside IU7 5
772 Vtncedor 99 3
77S Lord Chesterfield. 104 7 i I
(641) Mary X..; 101 6 ; !
WallabH. 104 4 ' '
i
\........
11 j 12
3 Ms 2 2
5 1 5 3|
lUj 3V2 i
610 ; 6Jo
4 1 . 4V 2 ■
7 7
1
1 1 Ga ncr
2 2 Coiuly
H i.. 1. Chorn
4 i Chovalirr
5 1 Donnelly
6 10 H. -Martin
7 Macklin
4 6
5 9-2
2 5-2
10 12
i 5 8
8-5 9-5
6 2t>
i
I
>taiMng-gate used.
Time. :52i : .
Won handily.
Winner, 1L T. Griffin's blk. c. by Treniont-Blue Bells.
'TQ£* SECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse ?400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. ; St. : Su:. V* ', Vs \ 3 /4 | Btr. j Fin. | Jockeys. iop 6 "'"^
784 Collins. 4 99 4 lh ill 11 11 12 !1 V 8 Chevalier ' 6 8
~,~\* r.fi=so,4 107 2 3 i.j, +3 45 ISI 24 26 J. Chorn ! 710 45
712 Kor.most, 4 104 1; 2U '.'1 3 Vi; 3% 32 '36 Coady i 9-2 7
(712 i Tenacity, 3 91 6 1 4a 32 2h i 4 10 410 410 Garner 2 5-2
7H3 Hod Koot. a 103 S5 j 5 5 |6 5 15 U.Martin SO 50
*8- Carroel, 5 lU7.leit I | iShielilg lft 60
Str. ' Fin. |
| Betting.
Op. CM.
Starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, Dr. H. E. Bowcll's br. g., by Inspector U-Piazz*.
Time, 8:16»4.
Tu7 THIUD RACE— Seven furiongs; three-year-olds and up; penalties: allowances; purse
i O I . 5600.
Irdex.
, Horse, age, weight.
I St.
hi
Str. ! Fin. . | Jocicers. L n B " tiDg ,%,
12 1 12 E. Jones j 7 6
3 1 | 21 Garner '10 7
4 5 | 3 1 J. • h0rn...... ,3-2 2
2 2 I 4 2 C, slaughter. . 130 60
5 ; 6 3 Co dy | 7 12
7 *62 Chevalier ;10 20
6 ( 7 H. Griffin |2 , 2
719 !«irVassar,3 93 3 2h
(699)!\Vron.inc, 3 91 6 63
757 Ed" Kearney. 5.... 110 4 : 3h
763 (Salisbury 11. 3.... 911 1 i 11
(767 i Sam leake, 3.....104 2 : 4b
719 Nephew, 6 .105! 7 7
775 jVinctor. 4 112 5 6 2
I 3 2
I lh
6 3
! 7
2 5 '
43* i
1 1
63
7
5 1
Startinc-gate used. Won easily. Winner, H. T. Griffin' b. c, by Sir Di.ion-Yassar. Time, 1:311/4.
7QQ FOURTH RACE— One mile; over lour hurdles; selling;
I 'JO. tions; purse $400.
condi-
Index. Horse, age, weight.
St.
Str. i
Jockeys.
i netting. '
iOp. Cl.
79M My Luck, a 144 5
781 Arundel. 5 146 4
781 Bed Will. 4 139 3
79L' Zaragoza, 6 147 6
776 I ncertainty, a 147 2
62J Alexis, 5 146 7
777 Manhattan, 5 143 1
' 4h
1 1 2
6 10
28
34
3 4
4 4
1 1
6
2 6
7
63
3h
4 10
1 6
6
2 1
7
6
j 410
i 16
I 520
I i*
! 6
15 J. 0wen5........
2 b Cuddy...........
315 T. Murphy
4 4 [Epperson ......
550 J. Mara.
tf I Stewart
• Ambrose . ......
! 7.
8 5
40
6
20
60
13-5
8 ;
6-5
50
4 j
50
160 !
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's br. g., by Dick
•Fell at last jump. Time, 1 :57i/i.
*"(i(i FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward: parse $400.
Horse, age, weight, i
j Bt.
%
Fin. !
i Bettinjr.
<>p. Cl.
(7*20) Mobolasca, 3 90 4
(769) Boreas. 4 104 2
(751) Major Cook, 4.... 104 3
713 Ga lant, 4 104 5 1
775 Deriar ilia, a 107 i l|
4 10
1 h
3 2
5
21
4 10
5
I 21/4 i 13 Garner .. ;
12 12 1 Chevalier i
4 4JT 3 i' a Cochran....:..:.
i 5-«? \ 410 . Toady
33 I 6 J. thorn
2
20
2
5
2
7-2
40
9-5
9-2
5-2
Htaning-gate used.
Won easily. Winner,
Corrigan's br. f., by Apache-Tricksey. Time, 1 :17.
Q, ,rk SIXTH RACE-Flve furlongs; selling; conditions; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. ', Bi.
■ *h
Fin. Jockeys. !" ett
■ Betting.
!Op. Cl.
713 Shield bearer, 4.. ..105 21
716 Artist, 5 109 I<'
783 Jack Atkins, 3. ..101 9;
Kingcraft, 6 106 3 ,
783 Pecksniff. 5 10r» 4
6y4 Audimere,3 99 11
716 Princess Rose 1 1. 3 95 12 '
631 Asbl'nd Ecllpse,4.lo4 8
777 Ar: em us, 4 102 6
663 Minn:eT,6 104 15;
762 Dnillo, 4 102 7
765 Fleet, 5 109 5
(740) Leila S, a 104 13 <
765 Chinook, 4 100 14 1
770 Gondola, 6 107 16
f.O« San Marcus, 3 ... 97 17
675 Todhunter, a 106 10
I
I
i
i
I
1
1
1
1
J 4
2
1
2
3
4
£
■J
4
11 E. Jones | 7-5
210 Shields i 6
3Vj Beaiuhamp ilO
4 i/ 2 J. Mcllugh 10
55 Bercea 10
6 5 MoClain 15
714 Garner 3
8 3 Thompson 15
9 3 H. Martin 30
10 3 Snider 15
11 10 Cochran ■ 6
12 i.McHuch 50
13 Macklin 15
14 jPiegott 60
15 iJ.Chorn j 8
16 IKeidy 50
17 jChevalier i 6
65
6
10
40 :
10 :
8 j
50"j
15 !
15
12
50
20
100
15
100
7 I
i
I
!!!!!!!..
I
1
1
1
1
........
2
1........
i
StarUDg-taie used.
F.
imp. Wagner-Mamie Cole. Time,
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at I ngleslde Track. '
In race* where the horses have do record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
dlgtano areplven.
a Lti evictions— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f.', furlong; •, about.
FIKRT RACE— Hix fnrlongs: selling; maidens.
1 v -■>-. I Best
Index. ; - Name. Lbs record.
783 JAdios J 97
711 Little Jlmmle.rl 97..
771 Moron : 97 ........
758 San Marco 100 „
Amy Lee 96 ....;..;
........ Mosier...... 971 ........
252 Franco I 97 1 ........
42 Ruinart 100
753 Imp. Alien 104
690 Skßlkaho 100
693 Globe | 97 ........
Sagamore ! 97 '.
Lbs ' Tk. Owner. .
.... .... |c. Murray
.... .... E. Corrigan
.... .... Z. Abrahams.......
.... .... P.Dunne.... ...
.... .... James Lee..........
i.... .... A. B. Hpreckels
!Burns<tWaterbouse
A. L. A5be... .......
J. McCnllongb......
W. D. Randall
B. Schrelber. .
, : Cambridge stable.
Imp. Pirate ofPenzance-Je
I»ns!fe!low-Rpna B
Patten-Louise Forrest
St. Blaise- Round Dance
: l'an!que-Volti)?ue
Flambeau-Mozelle
Fn-finO-Fliena
;Rt. Cnrlo-Qu<>en Alta
Kstorlinp-Al Meh
; Hyder AU-Carrie O
Imp. Keene-Piukey
Wensation-Favona
Pedigree.
sss
SECOND KACE-Blx fnrlongs; selling.
Index.
' Besr :
Lbs record. Dlst. ]
678 jP0diga. ......... 105 1:20 6f
479 Doubtful i 94 I:l9V|- 6f >
520 T0bey..... ...... 10511:10 i sVit I
790 Sen. Hoffman.. 100 ........ I . !
774 Harry Lewis.... : 105 ' ........ ........
716 IdaSauer....... 103 1:19 j*6f
800 Arti5t..........". 108 '.. ..
. 800 Duil!o 102 1:08^4 ; 6% f j
787 Walter J.. 100 :561/*i 414 f
(753) 0e0rgeC........ ! 91 1:10 < SV, f !
101 H..
103 H. .
100 11..
.... i ...
I
ibo h"
WF."
105 F...
89 F...
A. Berry..... j
L. Eze1f... ...::.....
J. 'lam ...;;
D. J. T0bin>........
J. Maddox. ........'. |
G. L. 8e11;.......... I
C. Oilman ....7. !
J. 80bbin5..........
P. McDermott....;; ,
iJ. Garrity..... .. j
i Poivhattan-Cadiga
DouOL-Natchuoches
Imp. <Jreenba(-K-tTna
limp. Inverness- Dora
i Veraallles-Cousin Kate
! Joe Uoolcer-Addie O'Nell
j Imp. Darehtn-Hirondella
Llttrpll-imp. Royal Title
Imp. True Briton-Lilly a
', Bramble- Lady Lou
THIRD RACE— HaIf a mile; selling;
Index.
.Name.
i Best i
; Lbs i record. !
795 Ingieslde. ...... 106 :52 ! V 2 m
795 Mary X 108 : 45 ! »ti f
(742) Col. Wheeler.... 110 :49Vi Vt m
1 sweet Liberty;. 103 no rec. 1 . ...
(710) Queen Klmbeau 105 :50i/i Vim
(795) Gordon 106 :52y i % m
795 Vencedor........ 106 no reef i .....'.;.
107 H. . B. Schreiber ....... Bishop-Amerfqne
103 F..J. 80bbin5.......... Lepanloßieht Wing
103 F.. i Burns «fe Watrhouse Imp. Midlothian-Agnes
— ... Oakland stable..... Torso-Santa Ella
,2? £- V; J A Qu A n ••••••• I Flambeau imp. Queen Bess
104 H.. U. F. Griffin ....... Tremout Blue Bell
—I — H. K. Rowel 1 lEI Rio Key -A vail
FOURTH RACE-Blx furlongs; selling.
- I Best I
Index. | Name. j Lbs record.' Dlst.
J»01 M0nit0r.,;...... ! 1:15 i*6f
766 New M00n...... I 891:17 i/a 6f
1051 Mr Kee1......... 10sjl:42»/ 4 Ira
711 Claud Hi 11...... ! 91 l:O2Va Sf
«fc3 ,Midlo ...:.. I 91 1:11% *6 f
(713) Kowalsky ...... ICO 1:15 !6f
711 Pique.. ! 92 1:121 V 5 'A
(787) Ike L ..;..,.... 108il:2-»i^ 6Vi
787 Jack Richelieu. 108 1:17^; 6f
7fc3 SUgo 1 .. .....;.;.. '108 1:17 | 6l
i I I
Lbs ; Tk. j Owner.
91 JF.. California stable....'
97 11.. w. ft randall j
105 F... Reel stable
JtO F.. . J. «. Brown <fc Co . .
88 F.. . j Burns* Waterhouse '
94F...JE. Corngan ]
101:11.. a. B. Npr-ckels
94 F...1 Garden city stable, i
107|H.. B. Sohrelner
107,H..i5.C. iilldreth
I
i
|lmp. Blr Modred-Visalla
j liyder .•Ml-Nnmnnia
jAlta-Dlzzv Blonde
llmD. Deceiver- i seful
jlp. Midlothian-KiectricLlgt
I°aac Murphy-Derochment
! Klarn beau- Imp Petroleuse
| Major Ban-Miss Flush
Imp. Great Tom-Envenom
Ip. Mr. Pic wick-Henlopen
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs: seilinjr.
Index.
Name.
I " Best ; ■:- '•";'■■. - .:■
Lb» record. Disk Lbs Tk. . Owner.
,2£ " •••••••'• •••• ■•"•• ATB. Spreckels....
103 1:40 7V3 f 104 H.: ncino stable......
94 1: 55% 11/5 m 96 F.:. i Lone 5tab1e.;...;...
103 1:31 71 99 F.:. D.'A. Honlc.. 7, i
*?£}'■ 2 ,iY* V l li £-• We»tche»ier .table.
106 1:41^ lm 99F...j8. Scnnsiber
102 1:384 7 f 98 H. . H. E. Rowel
1 108 1:32% 7f 104 H.. F. 8r0wn.... I
|102|1:42 jlm 100 F... A. Appleby '"
! Best ;
record.
681 iDaylight !
(773)|Foriuna. !
785 ißeydelßndldos
713 iMinnleCee i
780 jGratifv
(785)'Braw
(796) Collins
786 X. H. Sherley.,l
788 iFlirtlla 1
jt'oloma-Laura D
ilinn. Brutus-Viola Kea
i.True Briton-Emma Collier
jPleniiK>- Jaconet
FaronJole-Satisfactlon
I. Midlothian-Helen Scratch
'Inspector B-Mazza
(ip. Bonnie Brown-Dispatch
| Peel Faustlne
on the lookout for anything that tends to
improve the tone of this grand sport, has
had starting gates placed at all of the
principal starting posts, and some other
innovations will be introduced in the near
future.
The favorites played in what might be
termed "hard luck"'throughout the day,
but two winning purses. Most of the
winners, though, were well played in the
betting.
The opening event was a four-turlone
spin for tne two-year-olds, with Mary X
starting a 2 to 1 favorite. The filly
evidently did not like the going, for she
wad unplaced. Gordon at fives in the bet
ting made most of the running, winning
rather handily from Vevo. The second
choice, Ingleside, was third.
McNaugoton & Muir's bay colt Basso
again gave the talent a hard "throw
down" in the mile-and-a-quaner selling
event. A. world of coin went into the
books on him at 4 to 5. but aiter running
under restraint in fourth position until
Hearing the stretch Chorn made his ride,
but was unable to head the 10 to 1 chance
Collins, who led from the jump, and was
beaten a length in the slow time of 2:15^.
The *:rowd took another hard header on
the seven-furlone run. Ed Kearney was
the post favorite at 9to 5. Opening at Bto
5, Vinctor receded to 13 to 5, when he was
backed down atain to 2to 1. Followed by
Sir Vassar, the 100 to 1 shot Salisbury II
headed the field to the stretch, when Sir
Ya;?Bar took the lead and, ridden out, won
by two lengths from Wyomine. with the
favorite in the show. The winner was as
good as 8 to 1 in the betting.
The mile hurdle race added still more to
the discomfiture of the talent. At Red
Will's first essay some days ago over the
sticks he showed to be such a promising
candidate that after opening at 8 to 5 he
was backed down to 11 to 10. Later he
went back in the betting to 7 to 5 from the
force of a strong play on Uncertainty and
My Luck. The favorite was In the lead
up to the last jump, where he swerved
sideways and nearly fell. My Luck, who
was second, then took command and won
easily. In a drive Arundel headed the
first choice out for the place.
Five speedy sprinters went to the post
in the fifth event a six-furlong selling
sprint. Th 3 bulk of the money went in on
Major Cook, who closed an 8 to 5 choice,
and Gallant backed down from 6 to 4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
Derfargilla and Mobalasca receded from
their opening prices. Derfnrgilla and the
40 to 1 shot Boreas headed the bunch
until nearing the stretch, where the pair
was joined by Mobalasca. Derfargilla here
had enough, and the Corrigan entry easily
outfooted the outsider, beating him out a
| couple of lengths. The favorite was a
good third.
Eighteen selling-platers lined up fora
five-furlong scramble that was next up for
decision. Shieldbearer looked the most
eligible of the lot, and wns backed down
from Bto 5 to 6 to 5. With Artist, the
second choice, at his heels the pair led the
field from the start, the first choice getting
past the wire first by a scant length.
The concluding number on the pro
gramme was another tive-furlonir dash
with eleven starters. Opening la the bet
ting at 8 to 5 Philomena recedei to threes
when she was backed down to 13 to 5, going
to the post equal choice with Pat Murphy,
whose odds had been forced from 5
to 1. The race was one of the prettiest of
the day. Philomena, Toano and Service
set a merry clip to the stretch, wnere Phil
omena cried quits. Below the furlong pole
Toano was beaten. Coady now brougrt
Pat Murphy along and in a drive won
from Service by half a length. Mt. Mc-
Gregor II came fast, finishing a good third.
Track and Paddock Items,
Nearly 3000 ladies viewed the racing yes
terday.
The board of stewards decided to reject
the entry of Carmel in future. The sulk
ing chestnut was left at the post in the
mile and a quarter event.
Riley Grannan started in the day well
by backing both Gordon and Collins, but
dumped the greater part of his winnings
back into the ring over the defeat of
Vinctor, which horse ran a most disap
pointing raco.
Hermann Brandt, who formerly owned
Braw Scot, has a number of fine-looking
Martenburst two-year-oldß in training at
Sacramento, o*ned by the estate of the
deceased millionaire turfman, Simeon G.
Reed.
The Westchester stable's geld'ng, Cole
man, a starter in the last race, experienced
one of his ugly moods and on the way to
the post started to run away with little
Reidy, finally ending it up by jumping
the outside fence and galloping up among
the stables. The field was dispatched
without i.ma.
When put up to be soli, Collins, the
winner of the second race, entered to be
sold for $200, was bid up to $!>OO by Book
maker Ed Games, his owner, Dr. H. E.
Rowell, retaining the brown gelding with
the usual $5 bid. The reason of the
"boost" it is.said dates hack to a trifle over
one year ago, when Dr. Rowell bid up and
secured the horse Figaro at the conclu
sion of his victory in the Peaboay Hotel
selling stake a*. "Memphß Term". The
racer was owned by "Billy" Barrick, an
inornate friend of the pencilers, who was
simply returning tit for tat.
Major Cook has either deteriorated or
else Borens is a preariy improved horse.
The favorite was rather easy game for the
outsider yesterday.
STATE MILITIA.
Sweeping Reduction in the Xmnerlca
Strength of the First Regiment.
Other Changes.
By the issuance of regimental order:
No. 6 from headquarters First Kccirnent oj
Infantry, N\ G. C, some of the effects o
the recent attempts at reorganization an
becoming apparent. This order discharge:
ninety-six members of the regiment fo:
various causes, which is more than one
twelfth of the numerical strength of thi
regiment, the heaviest losses being in th«
consolidated companies, as follows: Com
pany A, made no of companies A and £
of the Third, losing eleven men; Companj
B, made up of companies B and D of th<
Tnird, losing eleven men; Company H,
made up of companies B and F of th(
Third, losing twenty-three men, and Com
pany M, made of companies G and H Oi
the Second, losing twenty-two men.
The order also approve* the findings and
sentence in the case of Private Walter E.
Cook of Company E, who was tried by
summary court-martial.
It is now stated that companies F and
X will remove from their present quarters
in the regimental armory on Pa^e street
to the armory on Ellis street, thus leaving
eight companies at the Page-street armory
and four at the Ellis-street armory.
Some time ago this announcement was
made and the captains of these companies
commenced to make.arrangements to re
move to the Eilis-street'arraory, but this
was stopped, apparently under orders from
headquarters, it beirn: announced that the
regiment would have to be concentrated
in one armory.
At the same time the companies located
on Market street received orders to removt
to the Page-street armory, and upon theii
objecting upon the ground of insufficient
accommodations, their otTicers were in
formed that there was ample accommo la
tion for all, and that they would have tc
comply, it being the intention of the board
of location to concentrate the command in
one place as soon as practicable.
The proposed removal of companies F
and X must therefore mean that either the
board of location has found it impractica
ble to locate all the companies in one
building, and therefore reconsiders its.in
atructions, or that these companies are at
tempting to carry out their original inten
tion of moving, which was only temporar
ily deferred, although the Signal Corps
was directed to move for the purpose o:
obtaining sufficient room to house tin
companies of ttie regiment.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M FOdell, Sacto M Blum, Martinez
H Richards, Monterey M Pinge & \v, San Jose
Hll Farrar Aw. Mass U W Vjince, fannka
S M l-ovee, Yallfjo L F Hodge, Syracuse
MrsTb Flint, San Jnan \V W i'att»'rson, Wash
II Pennington. sacto J D Bancroft, Chicago
J 1' Hoyt, Itirds Landing H Korester, Vacaviila
B F Musgrave, Napa A Dubhers, Sail Kafael
Miss Cok-hauer. lx>s Ang J Goldsmuh. Seattle
B H Crompton, Cal J Marcuse, Wash
X J liven, Portland F Krickson, San Lul« Ob
J Warshaufr. Baker City J F Cos man. Eureka
J Hulbert, Portland R M Hayes. Coiusa
Mißs James, San Jose Miss Ise'man, San Jose
G U La<-y, Vallvjo A H Orth. Minn
J H Glide A w, Sacto A B Shaver, Fresno
J M Crowley, Los Ang M Dinkclsplel, Suisun
\V S Mead, Snta Barbara X Kverett, Chicago
D P Taylor, I,os An« R W Hklnner. Ix>s Ane
0 Smyth, Bt Helena T Bnluer, X V
N W Turner, San jose J C Tlce, ntockton
H A McCreary, Sacto T C Gorrie, Angels
X T Asey A i) , Los Ang Miss Asey, Los Angeles
Miss X J Asey, Los Ang F V Black, San Jose
« O Foster A w, f>an Jose F II Prior, Hartford
M Richardson, Chka.o T W Phelps, Los Ang
L R Dan son, Seattle J C Flsiur, New York
G H Hhaw «fe w, i.os Ang J H Ladd. California
Mrs M Kayrnood. L Ang A C Rosendale, PacGrve
Mrs C Treadway. Cal FA Wickersbam. Peilma
V Carroll, Pntaluma A X Funk, danger
j H Koberts, Baoramento J A Cooper, V'klah
E E Harlow, Stockton J KUery, French Gulch
C Kllery, French Uulch G O'Snea, Trinity Co
T SSpanldlne, Woodland J Wolfskin. Los Angeles
8 Doane, Hed Bluff C is Willie, New Yorlr
F B Wakeman, S York EJ Ho den, Chl.a^o
J W Brownln*. Ornd Isld W F Howell, (irnd Islnd
J H Taylor, Navarro Walter Bruce, Chicago
LICK HOUSfc.
F R Wehe. DownlevlUe A L 11 r .an, Boston
J H Mathison, Berkeley W X Emery, Laurel
B Timmens, Cal T T ll illiuim, Cal
J H Cutter, Portland Mrs X J Bowman, B C
Mrs C 0 Betts, Bpukane Mrs G H Fowler, R I
Miss M G Reynolds, R I Miss A G Reynolds, X I
Miss L A Reynolds, R I J A Thornton, St Louis
V A Hotmail. San Jose Mrs R Hibbard, Seattle
H E Falk, Lincoln X C Appersin, Sta Clara
1 L Delano, Rocklin Dr G A Hare, Fresno
T G Hart, Fr sno E L Abraras. N V
L Kauder, >* V Mrs F Stock. San Jose
V C McGanney, Cal W A Nygh, Ixuiilon
O F Buck. Stockton P V Chamberlin, Cal
H W Dowsi-& t. 111 c Su-enbergh.Brentwood
W S Brainard, Klk Grove X C Bishop Af, han Jose
Mrs H Rising & f, 8 Jose M H Rice, Stockion
C A Grimes, -Nevada Cty O W Harding. Omaha
A L< nsper. Fresno A Baker & w, 8i» Clara
R P Moore & w, Salinas^Mrs P. P Hofman, Pa
G D Kd wards Aw, Cal J Rossert, Wls
L L Orr, Vallejo W J Todd. St Helena
W E Brooks, NY J Klngion A w, Md
F A Hamilton, BaKersfcd Mrs H v Dunn, N V
X Miller Aw, DC J R Wilton A w, Cal
I) P Brown, san Jose J T Crane, Nava City
J D Dow, Chlcaeo W X Barnett, Sta Uosa
C G Gould, San Feline A M Black, Fresno
F C L«wis A f.si Barbara E C >\'nrrens, lied wood C
E L Williams, S L Obispo
NEW WESTERN*.
Mrs s La Gro, Elklmrt
X I.rtndurfii, Petaluma
W H Batler. Presidio
I Stvewiy, An^ ! Island
W J Freitas, Salinas
J L Jones. N Almaden
W J Ganler, Elkhan
B L Fisher, Alameda
H P Brnton. Napa
I Har;man. Boulder Crk
N T Calgate, Presidio
W Murpny, Ange! Island
I) Nostrosn, N Almadcn
T S Turner, Seattle
C Cowan, w <fe s, low*
J W While, Salem
PALACE HOTEL.
F Henrtevant, Junrtn Cy J C Elliot, N V
R J Prenttee, England L H Conn, England
W T Boothe <fe w, N V Mrs M 0 < ilenny, Fargo
R Smith. Oreeon A A Eddy £ w," St Luuis
F A ,->trahler & w, China B H BlauK. N V
W B 1,1 pc, Denver T J Hudson, Nebraska
WC Gl uck, Prooklyn C Koehler. Brooklyn
Mrs F P Woodbury, Mass Miss Foster, Manchester
G A Flaccus,\v,Wheeling C Dunne, N V
P Taylor, N V o W Gates. l.os Ang
Mrs AI Ginsberg, China E Klngp, Shanghai
Dr Rammer, !-han?hai CN ttiurdevant, Hawaii
Capt ac I.obry, Tokio Q Keltlinger, Yokohama
J 11 Pierce* w, Pittsbrg Miss Pierce, Pit tsburs:
G H Tildfii. Tokio \V S Cholmed'y, Burma
J II Pierce, Boston C II Phillips. Cal
J Johnson, San Jose W H Wyman, Coronado
P HoagliTd, Omaha Dr J H Jolliffe & w, N V
V Carney i- w, svis A R Carney, Wig
I- W Knapp. Denver Mrs X A Shaw, Chicago
MrsGH Voorman, Chcgo I, Newman, Toledo
\V J (Jolburu. i oledo M R Jefferds, N V
1' Ely, Cleveland D s Rosenbaum, Stocktn
C S Quintan. Chicago HBehr, XV
J B Allen, rutterson . L Manning. Butte
B C Kohler it w, Phila J X Chace, Crux
A E Knox <fe w, Boston J J Killelea, Illinois
A M AverUlftw, St Louis \V A Boyden, St Louis
F Hessberg, Kichmond F Nelson, Ferndale
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Cailinnhßrt. NY T J Gaffey, Salinas
T Hogan. .Salinas M T Walsh, Caatroville
H Carr, NY J p Miller. San Mateo
H Sawahy, Ariz \V C Gibson, Portland
W Moses, Wash J Joch, N V
W H Campbelli&w.Mont A M Beeeher, USN
J P Sevmo-sr, Chira-jo C B Johnson. Boston
Mrs R Williamson, N V B M Koolnson. Chicago
Mrs S Page, Chicago F T KUis, Chicago
,V Wile, Ky c Carothf-rs, N Dak
C Hrsemao, Kern F 3 Hnskcll, N V
J X Krauss & wf, Salem J C Kzell, Kern
F I) Cobb, Stockton J J Humphrey, Spokane
T Ebret. Anaconda 8 D Uurst, N V
SAN PRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OKFICES-530 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opes
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
■ KOXICB OF JIEtTINOS.
SKSF*" VERBA BU EN ALODG " OF PE X- .4L
SS^S' fection No. I— Stated meeting and Iff
installation THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, A
March 0, at 8 o'clock. ,*CSV.
GEORGE J. HOBE. Bee. < ='raw
ifrS= REGULAR MEETING OF.*7v
i*~-^ the Caledonian Club THIS 3S, QO^
EVENING, at 8 o'clock, Scottish Hall, yfcjL&f-
lllLarkinst. '.^9*
D. R. McNEILL, Chief.
J. H. Duxcav, Secretary.
SPKCIIL SOTICKS.
I^~S= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
I»^*^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st..' room 6. Tel. 5580.
" eti-jS 3 windows cleaned . AND floors
Bb ""*v scrubbed; reaecnaiile rates: payment for
Carnages guaranteed, c. Kos.si & CO.. 242 Suttef.
I Kfc^S 3 MMX. lIANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
u>~^ Ele»;tric. vapor, suit water bath*. 116Tavlor.
SITUATIOaS WAN 1 ED-FEMALE.
A DIES CAN SECURE RELIABLE HELP
JJ of all nationalities with tile best of references
for city or country by calling, addressing or tele-
phoning MISS CL'LLEN, 823 Gutter st. ; telephone
Main 6520. ,
TRONG, CAPABLE GERMAN COOK and
10 housework girl desires situation: 2 years last
place. Miss CULL N. 323 Sutler st.
CHRISTIAN UNION OF CAUFOR-
-T nia Employment Bureau; free to employes:
1520 Ciay Bt., be:. Hyde and Larkin; open from 1
to 4 P. m.. except Saturday. Wanted, a situation
lor experienced lady's maid, speaking 4 languages;
also sewing for caoable dressmaker, In family or
at the F. C. U. C. Home.
EXPERIENCED DRKSSMAKER. A GOOD
cutter and fitter, wishes engage "ents hy the
day; makes a suit a day with her own help; $3 per
day. Call 118 Tenth st.
p OOD COOK AND LAUNDRESS WANTS
'-T housework or cooking; city or across bay;
waxes $20 to $25. Call or address H. U,. 440
Seventeenth St., bet. Valencia and Guerrero. ■
V 67 X? GERMAN WOMAN WISHES ANY
1 Kiud of work by the day. Address 29 Minna St.,
bet. First and second.
IjMRSTCr.ASS COOK WISHES SITUATION;
F wages $30; first-class references. Please call
1236 Bush st. ~
VJURSE-COMI'ETENT INFANT'S NURSE
11 wishes a position; first-class references. Ad-
dress S. E., box 57, this office.
ttf ANTED—SITUATION BY A COMPETENT
»» woman to do general housework. Apply at 941
Fifteenth St.. near Castro.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS TO DO GENERAL
housework, wages $15 Call or address 124 Cas-
selli aye., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth sts.
YOUN'O. FRENCH LA DV WISHES A SITU-
i. ation for second work or take care of grand-
children. address E. C, 1014 Pacific St. .
tJeliablk woman WISHES work by
it the day; washing or housecleaning. 625 Fol-
som St., upstairs.
"OKLIABLE SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS
-IV 11 situation to do general housework. Please
call or address 414 Folsom St., near First.
Gi <I ) SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS
place to do general housework. Address 108
i Sacramento st.
ITUATION WANTED AS CHAMBERMAID,
~> either in hotel or private family. Call 613 V 2
Hyde st.
\\T ANTED BY A YOUNG WIDOW-POSI-
»' lion as housekeeper in widower's family. Ait
dress A. X., box 102. this office. ■ T^
\~O I " ( i GIRL WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
1 care of children or assist with light housework;
sleep home. ' Call 1236y 2 Folsom st. .
p ERMAN GIPvL WANTS PLA( E~TO take
*X care o children. Apply corner Twenty-
fourth st. and Treat aye. ■
i COMPETENT YOUNG W-MAN WISHES A
\J situation as cook and laundress, city or country;
good references.. Address .S. A., box 16. this office.
SITUATION WANTED by COMPETENT
O woman ; good cook and laundress. Please call
1169 Mission at. . ■
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
'J day. Apply 137 Seventh St., room 2. :
ERMAN GIRL WISHES a place to do
J upstairs work. Apply at 704 Fulton st.
EXPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED LADY, COM-
- petent for housekeepinir or any place of trust,
wishes situation in a good family; -inoobjectlon to
country; references if required. -Address A. 8.,
Lorin -station, Alameda County, Cal., Postofflce
j box 65. .
N EDUCATED LADY OF REFINEMENT,
speaking French fluently, a brilliant musician
and good amanuensis, desires . position as - com-
panion, either traveling or otherwise;- good nurse.
Address MRS. L. A. W., El Monte Hotel, Saosallto.
\V I DOW WITH LITTLE BOY, 4 •'•YEARS,
» " wishes to do the work •of small famjly good
cook and neat housekeeper: small wages; city or
country. , Address 1408 Sanchez st., near Twenty-
seventh.
\T OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
x as housekeeper or In linen-room and assist with
chamberwork in ; lodging-bouse or • hotel ; city or
country: best of reference. Address S. ft., box 16,
this otlice.
V COMPETENT WOMAN AS THOROUGH
house servant; ' Is good I cook I and | laundress;
best of city reference. Call 924 Washing on st.
OECOND WORK AND PLAIN SEWING:
0 first-class references. Address S. W., box 98.
Ca.l Ofliee. ; -:-^ . v
C"i EKMAN GIRL WANT* UPSTAIRS WORK;
VJ wages 820. Call 1028 Greenwich st., near
Leaven worth. ■ ■.- ■ ■ :.r ,. . .
1 EXPERIENCED . DRESSMAKER WOULD
-I like a few more engagements by the day -.terms
91. 50. Call or address 209 Franklin st. - - ,
VIRST^CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
1 work; terms $1 26 a day; suits from $3 up.
Call 218 Eddy st., upstairs. • . •
GIRL, 17, WOULD LIKE }TO MIND CHlL-
dren or do second work. Address M. C, box
134, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER WHO UN-
-i-i derstands bookkeeping desires position; : good
city references, H. T.. box 135, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED— COMPETENT COOK
or housekeeper; best reference. 2612 Post at.
I/* I"RST-CLASS7»ERMAN NURSE; INFANT
J or invalid. 316 Sntter st. - : : ; : - : :: r
I ADY WISHES TO •: DO HOUSEWORK IN
-I city or country. Apply 1442 Valencia st. •.-
LADY STENOGRAPHER and TYPEWRIT-
* <t wants ■ position speaks ■• German. Address
S., box 160. Call Office. Oakland. •- :■■:■ ■.•>■
VIIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN WOMAN DE-
•i' f A sires situation as housekeeper; will work for
widower; no objection to children. Address or call
' 10 Zoe st. c • ■.-.'-,.-.■:::;--%■;: .-•.'•. .-.■■ •:-.."■■:/>.•;
■ V LADY 'WANTS SITUATION AS
J- housekeeper.' ; 17a Sixth St.. room 1. > • ■ - •'. : v
!V EACH OF SIM PLE :w AND CLASSIC
, -L music would like a situation in private respect-
able family: will furnish Instrument if required.
> i Vit Verba Buena, off Sacramento, between Taylor
and Mason. : . .;-,.;•:•■;. ■-".-. ■.';■;■.-- ; '■'■■'/■-. '■■ \.
YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
as housekeeper. >; 203 Powell st., room 6.
WINCHESTER. HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market; 200 rooms ; " 25c to «1 60 per night;
$1 CO to $6 per week: convenient and respectable: .
jre<? bns to and from t ferry. • ;' ' - - -
, ■:■'•. SITLA'IIO.NS JWA_'.ilElj£lllALE.; -
P^^cTTrc^O^rsTJcTs^pT'XTE^rco^K^T^ATL
.". branches :short notice. 14 Geary ,*f tel.Grant 49.
UNTKR A Co.. CHINESE AND JAPAN-
* esc; employment office, ¥17 a Webb t st.. below
: Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento; teL 231.
APANESE AND CHINESE : EMPLOYMENT
» office; best help. 1. 3148 Sutler: tel. Grant 30. :■
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT.
'V; office; best help. ;414V^ O'Farrell; tel: E. 426.
Boy ; (17) t LIVING : with PARENTS, gone
to school up to present time, 'would like place
in wholesale house. WALTER. 711 Webster st. -
rrrVATIOtiS WASTED- Continued. .
TEADY~ MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS SIT-
O vation as coachman or gardener; city or coun-
try: thoroughly understands his -business; wages
$20; will make himself generally useful around a
place: good references. Address •S. W., box 136,
Call Office. :..;;;: '■■'-■ : >: ; - • ' _
SITUATION WANTED BY CUTTER: NO OB-
jection to sewing. i Address Z.. box 46. Call. :
VLMRST-CLASS; CUSTOM TAILORS', CUTTER
X 1 having leisure time daring the day would like
to have custom cutting to do as piecework at very
reasonable figures; ■>• st of references. Address
IJ.H. HA WES, Crocker Building. i-.-.---, ■ -
' C ITU ATION WANTED BY GERM AN COUPLE
0 without children to take care of ranch or pri-
vate place : wife Is : good cook and . housekeeper:
man will do . any - work; understands -■ carpenter
work.' Address J. T., 912 Howard st.
Wanted"— "by .an energetic, ALL-
™" round business man employment, with pros-
pect of an Interest, in some retail, wholesale or
manufacturing business in the city or [country.
Address W.'B , box 40, this office.
WEDE -..WANTS' SITUATION AS COACH-
O man; understands care of horses and carriages
thoroughly; also care of garden; first-class refer-
ences; city or country. Address W. 8., box 101,
Call Office. ' ; •: ' ; v : ,
V OUNG, COMPETENT MAN DESIRES POSI-
-1 tlon as bookkeeper: best of references. Ad-
dress W. A., box 63, this office. ', : .
' C ITUATION WANTED IN A PRIVATE FAM-
O ily: understands the care of horses, cows and
garden. J. P.. box 119, Call office. '
Situation' '"wXnted by a COMPETENT
_ - man as cook, short-order ;' or in > hotel ; under-
stands oyster business. 11 Auburn St., on.' Pacific,
between Taylor and Mason. , . ■ ■,
CTIVE MAN REQUIRES EMPLOYMENT;
expert bookkeeper: has knowledge of ma-
chinery; good all-round man: " highly recom-
mended; security. R., 15 Tllden st.
GENTLEMAN OF GOOD APPEARANCE,
"-X speaking and writing English, Gorman, French
ann Spanish languages correctly, wishes a position.
A. L. X., box 48, Call Office. . ■ .-.
VI OTHER WOULD LIKE TO FIND EMPLOY-
-I'l meat former 2 sons; 17 and 18 years of age:
j both bright boys: speaking: French, German and
! English. Address M. R., box 115, Call Office.
XPEKIENCED MAN WISHES SITUATION:
XJ good gardener and a careful coachman: city
or country. Address W. C, box 53, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED— GERMAN, GENER-
aIIy useful; understands horses, good gardener,
can milk: cif~ references: moderate v wages. Ad-
dress P. M.. 624 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
FK3IALK HELP WANTED.
MAID AND SFA>ISTRESSrS2ST^O~HOUSE'-
work girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6
young Klris, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sinter st. .- - - - .... . ■■ .■ ...
MEAT REFINED SECOND GIRL, $20. MISS
1> CULLEN, 323 Satter st.
If BENCH i SECOND GIRL, COUNTRY, $25.
J MISS CV LEN, 323 Sutter st.
REFINED YOUNG OIRL. CARE GROWN
child, $15. -MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD, $10; MINING
town; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sinter.
I Tj^RENCH NURSE, CHILD 5 YEARS. $20.
j r MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. •
COOK AND SECOND GIRL; SANTA BAB-
hara; $25 and $15; see lady here; 10:30.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st. "
} FRENCH SKAMSTREsS; $25; WILLING TO
travel. MI-H CULLEN, 3v;3 Sutter sr.
0 GERMAN CHAMBERMAIDS, TO WAIT. AT
£■• table also: country hotel: fare paid; : see party
here. C. It. HANStS <te CO.. 110 Geary st.
j lIAMRKRMAID. -FIRST -CLASS HOTEL,
j \J city. $20. C.R.HAN SEN <t CO., 110 Geary.
*> FIRST-CLASS WAITRESSES, COUNTRY
— hotel, near city; $20; see party here at 1 1
A. M. C. R. HaNsEN & CO., 110 Geary st. \
2 SCANDINAVIAN WAITRESSES ANu
chambermaids, for a resort, south: ' $20 ard
! fare paid.; see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
HOOe.iry st.
j \\T ANTED — WAITRESS, PLAIN SEWING.
■ »» private family, $25; French second girl. $25;
Protestant second girl, a short' distance, $20:'. 2
German and French nurses, $20: German nursery
governess. $25: 3 cooks, $25 and $30; cook, insti-
tution, $35, and girls for cooking and honseworic
in city and country. J. F. CROSETT <fc CO.. 312
i butter st. •
1 \\f ANTED— WAITRESS. BOARDING-HOUSE,
; • '» $15 and room; nurse, $20-: French maid and
seamstress, $26; French housekeeper, $20; elrl
for doctor's office, $15; 'girls for housework, $20
• and »16. LEON ANDRE, 315 StocKton st.
i 1 AH WOMEN AND GIRLS FOR ALL KINDS
| im i of work. MURRAY A REaDY, 634 Clay.
i PROTESTANT COOK, COUNTRY BOARDING-
; X house, $"5: strong woman cook, wash and iron,
near city, $25; private-family cook, country, $20;
second-girl and sew, $20. MURRAY <fc READY.
, 634 Clay st.
HtRTIHONER, $30: IRONER FOR LADIES'
clothes. $25: for same hotel-laundry; north.
R. T. WARD & CO., 610 Clay st. .'
\\ r ANTEP-AN EDUCATED GERMAN GIRL
'» as companion to young : lady and to assist in
1 light work: xood wanes; an English' ladysmaid,
| $25; a French nurse for 2 gnwn children, : for
; country, $25: Germ, n , waitress and parlor maid,
: $25; Herman or Scandinavian working house-
I keeper, $15: 20 good housework gir.s for city an I
! country, $25, $20 and $15. Apply to MISS
j PLUNK KTT, 424 Sutler st.
Q HOUSEGIKLi, $25, SEE PARTIES IN OF-
• > flee at 11 a. M. to-day; 5 nouseglrls, $20, and
11 housegirls, $15. MARTIN'S Employment
j Agency, 719 Market st.
; ANTED— 6O GIRLS; GIRL, GILROY. *20:
! »" German cook, $25: cook. $35- 4 nurses, $20;
girl, few hours a day, $10. MMul LEOPOLD, 20
Stockton st.
NEW BUSINESS HOUSE OPENING UP
in this city desires good, competent help
through the United states . Industrial Agency.
i Among the positions to be filled are the following:
Salesladies lor corsets, : hosiery «nd gloves. - Per-
m sons holding certificates in this agency competent
'loflllanycf these positions are requested to call;
also those who are competent who have not yet
, filed their applications in our office are invited to
1 call at on c, as we have a large number of posi-
, tions to fill right away; also a saleslady who can
, speak French Is wanted at once by another house.
I Room 167, Crocker building. ■ This agency will re-
: move Its general offices to the Emporium building
: on the Ist of next month. ■. - -
! \\T ANTkiT- IN 'AMERICAN FAMILY,
*» young girl of willlngand cheerful disposition
1 to do plain conking and cleaning, with care of one
: child ot 5: no Chamber work; no washing or bak-
i inz; wages $10 and carfare monthly ; good home
j and kind treatment for a girl fond of children and
of lively disposition: references required. Address
MRS. T. V., box 136, call Office. -
\\T ANTED — MIDDLE- AGED LADY AS
"» partner to assist ; in starting a poultry-raising
business; 120 acres; no rent. Address Single, box
69, this offlce.i^fßg9^gSgS§§jsg^#>
\\ r ANTED — LADY OF MIDDLE AGE TO
»»• take position where she can work Into a pav-
ing business. L. 0., box 109, Call Office. . :i
. \\r ANTKD-A RESPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL
» ' to do li;ht housework : 3in family; wages $15.
Call between 9 and 12, 1027 California st. :-
ANTED — GIRL TO ASSIST in LIGHT
tt housework; German preferred. 825 Golden
Gate live., lower flat.
YV ANTED- AMATEUR DRAMATIC. vocal
»' and musical talent. Address H. W., box 68,
Call Office.
fSxPERIENCED GIRL FOR GENERAL
£J housework and cooking. 836 Union st.
A PPHENTICE FOR HAIR-DRESSING. MAN-
• V icuring, hair work. M me. Fanst, V* Va Stockton,
ANTED— YOUNG X GIRL; WAGES ;.-; $10;
take care of : children. 1308 a Leaven wort
ANTED — GIRL TO WORK IN CANDY
factory. Corner of Ninth and Market sis
XT OUNO GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT- HOUSE-
-L work. 1217 Webster st.
youso GIRL for GKNERAL HOUSE-
; 1 work; $15. ., 757b Folsom St., near Fonrth.
IpIRST-CLASH CHILDREN'S NURaE; GER-
' man preferred; ref. required. F. C, box 72. Call.
rpAILORESS AND • BUTTON-HOLE MAKER.
1 316 Sutter st. .--• :.-;--.-, -^ ■ . - - ' ■•■■.v;-..?.."^ ':S.. : \''-:-
THE ART OF CUTTING DRESS WAISTS,
J. without any seams, taught a. 28 y 3 Sixth st.
AIRDRESSING. 25O.AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; lOlessons.9l 60. 1248 Mission.
T ADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRESSING
XJ beamy culture, etc.; steady work. 131 Post
St., room 20. . . ; •: • • _'
PERATORS ON FLANNEL OVERSH I
and underwear. LEV I STRAUSS <& CO., 3-' i 2
Fremont st. ■•■:■■.■'■. ■•.••■■.'•.■•■ '\-v-. '- ;: :■--.•:.■.-•
rv RE A KERB AND GIRLS TO LEARN
U quick method of cutting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 26c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. - McDowell Academy, 213 Powell. - -
W INCHESTER HOUSE, t: 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» ; Market— Electric lights am very room: 200
rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; 91 50 to 96 per
week: fr»« bus to and ram the ferry. •
Vf OBT CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
1»A .Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 tO to 96 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry. *;;:■";. -.;
mHOROUGH COURSE 3tN - MILLINERY
1 taught; will prepare pupils to take positions this
spring. MISS ALICE HAA 121 Post, nn. 46.
A PPRENTICES TO « LEARN DRESS CUT-
A ting and making. 14 McAllister, rms67 and 68.
. T AWRENCK »> PATTERN xh HOUSE— DREbfV
, XJ cutting school. 1231 Market St.. bet. Bth and 9th.
A WEEK'S '- NEWS X FOR :5 1 CENTS _,TEB
WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
•.••■•; ■ ■: itt :»L.£ bfc.Lt* vi~A. 1 hl>. ■ ? -
: iE^rA^E^Srs2^A^Dß^XßD^
— man to contract to sink a shaft: farmhand, por-
ter and cook lunch ; man to cit pickets and shakes.
R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
A NTED— BLACKSMITH FOX MINE, $40
and i board j Scandinavian '. man about - place ■
engineer for hoisting works for mine, 92 60 a day •
farmer for orchard work; chore boy for ranch $10
and found; vegetable gardener, $26 anO found:
t>oy for vegetable garden, 910 and found: boy for
restaurant, $10, 1 and ■■■ others. > Apply .to■? J F
CROSETT A CO.; 628 Sacramento st. "
fMIA RLES BURNETT, THE S CH MAN
v; please call. C. R. HANSEN A CO. ; 1 1 0 eary I
OOK ; FOR ; PRIVATE * BOA RDING-HOUSE~
> $65: second cook, restaurant, $60; head cook
$60: second cook, $40, country hotel. » C. R. HAN- 1
BEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st. * ;
; _;-.- ;, / TTTX.T _~^ AM TED— Con tinned.
pORTER AND PANTRYMAN, $20; IROXER,
1 .-t. Clair machine, $30: blacksmith for ranch.
$30: asbestos miner; farmer and wife, $30; Ger-
farmer; 2 farmers. $15: 2 tle-hewers. $23
and found; old man to do chores. MURRAY &
READY % employment agents, 634 Clay st. • .. ; • :■:'
T EW "BUSINESS HOUSE OPENING VEIN
'li this city desires good, competent help thSSasb
the United StateaJndustrlal Agency. Among the
positions to be filled are the following: ;, Salesman
for dress goo. ls. notions and Mnlngs; persons hold-
Ing certificates in this agency competent to fill any
of these positions are requested to cull, and those
who are competent who have not as yet fi ed their
applications in this office are also invited to do so
a: once, as we have a large number of positions to
fill right away, Room 167, Crocker building. This
agency will remove its general offices to the . Em-
porium building on the first of next month. :
ANTED— BOY ABOUT 17 YEARS OF AGE,
« ' who is handy with tools, to learn manufactur
ing business: recommendations required. Address
W., box 63. this office, - '
WANTED— AMATEUR DRAMATIC, VOCAL
" and musical talent. Address li. W., box 68,
Call Office. - ■ __________
SALESMAN AND ADVERTISER FOR WORK
O on special line. Address, with references, S.
A., P. O. box 265«, City.; _ . - . ' ■•
TNTELLIGENtTSTRONO BOY; MUST LIVE
1 with parents. 1157 Folsom st. . .
UOEMAKER' WANTED; STEADY MAN;
good pay. 268 1 bird st.
W ANTED— A WAITER AT NEW CONTI-
» » nental Hotel ,547 Mission st. ''/'___ _____
OANTSMAKKR to TAKE WOKKf~HOMIS.
X. Apply WAGNER, 307-311 Fifth st.
AHBER~FOR SATURDAY; CALL AT "9
: D o'c ock. 227^3 Second st. , .
W ANrED 2 SHINGLERS. 718 THIRD ST.,
:■;.»» San Francisco., :
QHOEMAKER MrX^TETJ; CALL EARLY";
0 bring tools. 2903 Pine st. ■ ■ t.
PUSHELMAN WANTED. 703 MISSION ST.
WANTED — SHOEMAKER ON REPAIRS.
»> 525 Lacuna st. ' !
BOY WANTED WHO UNDERSTANDS TYPE-
setting. Apply bet. 7 and 8, 503 California st.
OR ALASKA: THE BRIG ELAKELEY, 146
tons, will leave San Francisco for Cooks Inlet
on March 10, with passengers; each passenger al-
lowed 800 pounds - baggage, including rowboat.
Information regarding mining will be given by a
j practical miner who has keen there. For further
particulars apply to FRED HOLMES, 606 Bat-
tery st.
ANTED— BRIGHT YOUNG MAN FOR DO-
mestlc department. - Apply \V EINSTOCK-
LUBIN CO., 523 Market St., from 3 to 6 p. m.
W ANTED- AN~ACTIVE~YOUNO~MAN IN
'» dress goods department: one who can assist
in window trimming. Apply to WEINSTOCK-
LUBIN CO., 523 Market St.. from M to 0 p. if.
THREE GOOD, . SOBER SHOEMAKERS
JL wanted. . 959 Howard st.
isxp"erie~nced shop-cutter ON cloth-
J-J ing; others need not apply. 'M Sansome st.
UTCHER, WITH $200. TO BUY STALL IN
JJ market: 3 months' rent paid fixtures and
stock included. 436 Thirteenth st., bet. Valencia
and Guerrero.
* N EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR A
aY thorough j business man. 25 to 30 years, with
small capital; must speak Spanish, give first-class
reference and furnish bonds.' Address N. A., box
138, Call Office. ■ _____;
ANTS" (DRUMMERS' SAMPLES) FOR SALE
JL anybody fitted. 618 Market st. .
EST MEaL ON EARTH; ELL COOKED: 8
courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
W ANTED-SALESMEN TO CARRY GOOD
I " line of specialties on commission; only reliable
1 men wanted. Mishawaka Pad and Harness Co.,
I Mlshawaka, Ind. ■ '. ■
ANTED— MAN TO OPEN AND KUN A
» » pork-store, delicacies, etc. Address P. O. box
63, Berkeley.
ATEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
IX 25c up; men's half soles, 40c 1003 Mission st.
PARTNER WITH $150 IN PORK AND DELI-
X cacies store with route. 235 Third st. .
W ANTED— 25 MEN AND LADIES TO GET
»» the best home-cooked 15-centmeal, with mush
or soup free. 250 Ellis st.
W ANTED— SEAMEN: ORDINARY SEA AND
»» green hands for (leei)-water voyages, whaling.
Apply 117 Drum 11, upstairs. PETER McMAHON
8~~ ARBERS, ATTENTION-TO LET, Al SHOP;
low rent. 406 Castro St., junction Market and
Seventeenth. . •» ■
VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
I.i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 150
to 60c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention to morning culls; open all nighu
MEN'S Yz-SOLING 60c: LADIEV 40c: DONE
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
O NOT FORGET TO "DO AS YOU WOULD
be done by," and come and see: half-soled in
I 15 minutes, done while you wait; all repairing done
by machinery; all repairing at half price; work
guaranteed.' u62 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
W ANTED— MEN and ladies to learn
" barber trade: only 8 weeks required; tools
given and wages paid foncfaturdayg and Sundays;
catalogues.' .-». F. Barber School. 1515 Howard st.
EN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
nearly new, 26c to $1 25. 662 Mission. '
\y ARBERS' PROTECTIVE EMPLOY-
J) ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
T) ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
-1) re'.arv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
ARBEBS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
X> menu Secy, P. C Hamann, 238 l /i O'Farrell.
ELCHO -s HOUSE, 863Va MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $3 week.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
- »' St.: 200 rooms; best in the city: sing.'c rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
T^OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10c MEAL
JT try 13% Grant aye.; i-offee a specialty.
a a MEN TO get a FINE i-Ti'LISH, DU-
■ O\J\J rable calf shoe to order. $2 50. 919 Howard.
; <J_ 1 TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
j <Jp-L 'large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
ROSEDALE~HO"US£. 321 ELLIS ST.: ROOMS
It 20c to 50c night; »1 10 $4 week: open all nigbt.
W ANTED— MI. CLERKS, LABOR-
• » ers to call if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutler st.
TIT ANTED— LABORERS" AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed Kolkln, Reno Honse proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Hoase, 217 Third st. ; 160
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. ■
INCHESTER~HOU!«E. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
If .A, MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
J .U. and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. - \ :
EBt IN CIT 1 — SINGLE ROOMS. 16, 20 AND
26 cents per nigh;; 1, 91 25, $1 60 p»r week.
I'eclfic House .Commercial and LeldesdoriT sts. *
■ WANTED— MEN ■■• TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
steam beer. 6c; bottle wine, sc. 609 Clay st. .
L^REE BEER-TWo SCHOONERS FOR 6cT
r also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
riIRY acme house, t»57 market st., be-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. .
ANTED-BINGI.E ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»» week; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st. ■■■ ':.: ..-..-
-* W T E_KS NEWS FOR . 5 CENTS—
A WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
A GENT; RANTED.
LAD V cTSTv . $15 WEEKLY EASY.
Parlor A. 128 Ellis St.. Royal House. > •
.;.... ; ; iU>i(>»S V» A.MBU.
ANTED^ UNFURNiaHED— I LARGE OR 2
small rooms; state Drice. D. 8. , box 7, Call
Office. , ■-,-'.:.- - v . -.; : ■•■•■■ .-;-": ■
2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
Ing. : Address H. X.. box 96, Call Office.
WaNTED-JIISCELLAN •
W^NTIiiD-iFoiraAinHiTs^^
»t or low-geared one-horse top wagon; suitable
for light advertising: about $100. Write W. A i
ROGERS, 21 Guerrero st. * .'; ■
ANTED- WINDMILL AND TANK. AD-
»» dress 3109 Encinal aye., Ala*meda. — ;
SAFE AND LETTER PRE^s TO BUY; SEC-
ond-hand; cheap.- S. A., box 134, Call Office.
W ANTED- YOUR WATCH. IF IT NEEDS
repairing: " best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearay st.. third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW -
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st. : send postal.
■■:;;'■: .r' I. ; v  . :-■ LOs ;:..;-'. :■ ■' -.;::- : ..T • .■■ ■
T^^GOINGT ; ipM7^OO~THTttD ST. ON
J-J Wednesday evening, March 4. diamond ring
with 3 stones, straight. Finder will receive suit-
able reward if returned to 300 Third st. . :
M A^S H 2 - yaw Tboat painted hreen-
66St^ua^t8t CarVedODBtern< Suitable reward at
Ti°« T 7 A PA^ BOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan society of San Francisco in
Tho fl 81 ? 6 ° f n?°, UN Z - h <^ s ELL, No Wfl U?J2°
The finder will please return to bank. 7 : •:-■ -.
LOST-SATURDAY, RED lI ARVARD PIN,
XJ flag shape: reward. 703 Leavenworth. i ; -I
"I OST-BROWN POINTER DOG: ; WHITE
spots; 6 months: return to 317 Third: reward.
Tj°« 3 . T c A 'PASSBOOK .WITHTTHB HIBER~-
• .1? Savln Ks an<l Loan Society of san Francisco 1
Rename of DOMENICO.RUMAZ; No 134-
- The finaer will please return to bank. '
T^ ST 7 8A^ V RD A V ; BROWN MAKE: WHITE
J-J left foot forward - and " right ' hind ' foot - white,
from >>lx-mtle House, Mission road: reward If re-
turned. 4 I>B. A. ROBIN; V. 8.. 610 Fourth st. i • ..
1 OBT-ON SUTTER OR xMONTGOMEHY. A
J \i pair gold spectacles with case. . Leave at ■ 303
Montgomery st., get reward. '
T. OS ALL COMFORT 'AND PLEASURE BY
iK ! TBR l V aSt ; _2o4_2 » rk »"•'• near Jones.
IiDILDINU , A ?liLl^ AN ASSITci \ I lO>.
ipONTINENrAL BUILDING a AS
: \J •oeiation-Iloine office, 222 1 Sansome su, 8 1 IT.
l nera L 8 * vin * & loan business, lid X HUI,Pr«.
OliTei Kldridge V.i*r.; W Corbln. Sec* 1
rF?.SOSAT,S. -
T &_. CASCADE TRBATMBNT WONDBB-
J . ful: trlumpb over disease without medicine;
removes cause. U. JACKS, agent, 214 Braunan. _.
I SUPERFLUOUS HAIR PERMANENTLY RK-
-0 moved from face or limbs without injury oy
AfME. WAMBOLD; consult- free. 1 1 0 1 . 2 j'jjuou.
Information OF.THE ERE-
-1 abouts of JOH N WM. hUDEV, miner, a native
i of England. Address New Wisconsin Hotel, cor.
Pacific and Montgomery sts.. S. F.
TJUToUTDOORTsTERKOP i ICON SHOW EVE-
J3 ry night cor. Market and sixth sts.: artisticarl-
f advertisements in living li. lit; promoters busi-
i ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market.
I f AD IBS' HA IB COLORI NO GU A RAN TE ED :
li superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. C. H. HUBBARD. 923 Market St.
4,-oK FINE POuTi AAiJ t.AMK 00 TO A.
-T KTRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
ANTS '(DRUMMERS' SAMPLES) FOR.
sale; anybody fitted. 518 Market st,
MARCH 4 1896.— 0N AND AFTER THIS
date I will not be responsible for any deb:s
contracted by my wife. Wgg^M^m,.
I?OR PASSAGE AND FREIGHT TO TUB
X 1 new placer gold fields of Cooks Inlet, Alaska,
apply to C. 1). LAPP, 9 Third st.
ADVICE FREE ; D I VO KCE * LAWS ASM-
ci.ilty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., a.-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
't> ARLINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
land Newspaper Illustration: day and evemhi;
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partln-ton.K.L Particulara 424 Pine st
HEN YOU GET YOUK HAIS DRESSED
»V at my establishment you don't psy extra for
waving, nor for enameling the face; 25 cents is our
price for making you look beautiful. G. LEDER-
KR, 111 Stockton st. -
DITH E. McLEAN, PHYSICIAN FOR THE
hair: scalp diseases a specialty; rooms for la-
di-s: best city references. Km. 45, St. Ann's bl'dg.
G- KAH.'.M'S DETECTIVE AGENCY, 63' i
Market st., r. 8. : quick work ; terms reasonable.
RSTSTEWART, MANICURE AND~OHIROP-
odist: 50c and and $1. 120% Geary Bt.,r. 10.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GRINrp
ing new edge on razor. 25c; razor concave^,
! 60c: razor honing and setting, 25c; first-class
work. Razor Exchange, 630 Market st. ; __
l>i..\lU\Al.-DR. MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
-IV O'Farrell. Telephone. Bush 21.
"<_l A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THiS
<Jpl floor. 206 Leavenworth st. .'
/CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURF3
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
PaDer-hanglng Company, 635 McAllister st.
EGYPTIAN HENNA : $1: HAIB dye: per-
JCJ fectly harmless: easily applied; all druggists.
LANOLEY <fe MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F. -
(J>l FOR 10 CENTS — CLOAKS, JACKETS,
♦ipJ. capes, sold at 10c on the dollar in the base-
ment Of ARMAND CAILLEAU, 48 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye. ___________————.
ADDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO
XV become rich— lnvest your money in Stockton
(the future Chicago) ; I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 ehly St., S. F.
Tm in jii:siN_.ss CARDS, $1 M»: TELK-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." H ILL. 22tJeary_r. 39
OOURQUIN'B CAL'A ASTHMATIC PA PERT
i) Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sinter at.
lectric LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 par
week: tree bus to and from the forrv.
1 IKKK.AI, ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW 1 .
±J elry, etc. lowest rates. 948 Market st.
YILOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AC
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 Kansome st.. upstairs.
LD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIK*"
V.» clothing boncht. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
1> ii .e- «5 Sjl A li. E It ->.
TYLISH DRESS. $4 50 UP: FIT GUARAN«
teed: fitted at. the house. 404 Geary st
IT'IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
-T more engagements by day; perfect fit guarau-
tf cd. D.. box 7h, Call Ofllce, Oakland. ■
1 ) EMOVED— BRADLEY, TO 4 1 0 TAYLOR ST.
JV Elegant stylish suits $■*» up: dresses made over.
• i>iA>it<i. • iuli.vs, _i"c;.
o~P_>f~KOff BUSINESS^
The fines! line of new pianos for rent and sale
in San Francisco. J. HARRY SCO IT.
929 Market st., spreckels building.
RE YOU DKSIROUS OF OBTAINING A
good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate our new rent-contract
plan. -HEKM \N, CLAY & CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Ketirny
and Sutter sts.
M. G. BADGER, 26 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
! first floor; sole agentsjlallet cV Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or installments.
On i\(\(\ SHEET MUSIC 1 C T. COPY. BT AT-
£\J.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister su
tin DOW FORCED TO KKMOVE TO NEW
»' York offers new Wheelock upright at the price
of her transportation. Room 21, 809 Market st. ■ •
IpiNE STEINWAY OFFERED- FOR SALE
X by private party; immediate sale : necessary.
Room 10, Flood building.
<_ , a BARGAIN; FINE (PIANO; GOOD
«jlsa:u. condition. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister su
TEINWAY. $165; WEBRrt. $260: SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
OME IN AND "HEAR THE" LATEST
novelty— the Osslan attachment piano, m.m-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one very sim- «
ple; guaranteed to keep in order; call and see it;
beautiful effect. J. T. BOWERS & >ON, sole
agents, 23 and 25 Fifth st.,'nr. cor. Market.
A GOOD SQUARE, $40; A FINE SQUARE.S9O;
x\ afineuprigh , $125. Call soon.
MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market st.
QCift PIANO: IST-CLASS MAKE: COST 375";
«JP Uu . on $5 installments. 221 Leavenwoth st.
SHAW, $425; 2 STEIN YS,' $216,1 $195;
Sommer, $237; squares, $25, $55: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
IANOS— ~~ ~~ : ~~~
X Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and.
Simpson: easy terms. 735 Market st. ' ;
AIN ES BROS. PIANO, PATTI'S prefer-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st.
pONOVER : PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-"
1 \J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COH-
PANY, 33» Post sU
CIHICKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STER-"
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; pianos
;or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, 16 O'Farrell.
ffljl 7 P. CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<U?X-| U. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., STEIN W A V .FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER _
CHASP:, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. .
EASY TERMS;. LOW PRICES. KOHLER <fc
CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,"
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD & NEW
, H. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
QTEINWAY, $215; WEBER, $266; SOMERT
0 $237; Wily, $125; (square* $35 ana $55.
HEINE. 410 Post st.
A RRIV-ED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
J\ grade T. L. Neumann piauos for the holidays;
prices ' and terms moderate. H. LUEDER3* 8 j
Ninth st. ■•-•■■.
) vLAIKVOY "
M"""3IB?STE"w^RT"TSE"G"REATEST i "cAKb J
I reader and clairvoyant in the world: seventh
daughter: has read cards since 11 years of age; and
mining, lawsuits and marriage; ladies or gents
50c. 917 Market st., parlors 3 and 4.
f^AC AND $1. .' -.--.•. 50c AND »1.~
OU, PROFESSOR LEON,
" . 5:- 3 POST ST.
Wonderful power to tell ■ the past, present and
future; valuable advice on all affairs: letters wita
stamps answered: hours. 9 to 8, also Sunday. v
ME. MOKEAU. BKST MEDIUM: REVEALS*
past, present and future:2sc up. 764 Howard su
ME. RAVEN A OF 828 HOWARD ST. AN-
nounces to her patrons removal to 5 Fourth, r.
3 and 4; sittings daily ; tips races; names given ; 25c.
PROFESSOR ZANZIC,. WHITE i MAH ATM
1 occult scientist, palmist and clairvoyant. 90S
Mason «t. : hours Bto 8; past, present,' future; 50c.
ME. POUTER, CARD- READER; T , 1 . 1 .S
past, present. future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk si.
"QTARLIOHT" IS LOCATED AT 116aGR.\NT
O aye.. parlor 5; : Office hours, 10 a. m. to 7 p. i£.
ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, ; past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing except ed; names .given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by svmpnthy; mistake !m-
-posslble: fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Postst.'. nr. Lar^in.
SPIRITUAL ISM. .
DDIE SWAIN WILL REMAIN IN TOWN
for short time only; sittings 1 to 8. 227 Geary.
7*^ YPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
VJTdays included) :25&50 . 946 Mission; hs 10 to 9.
\|RJ.J.HULTHEN.CLA!RVOYANT,TRANCE
111 medium, mineral psychonietrist. 1007 Market.'
"L^CZEMA. : RHEUMATISM, ASTHMA; HA IK
Hi grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated by W. H. DRUHE, at 1207 Market St., r. 2.
SEAL,MEDIUM: SI TOBACCO
■ hnbil cured or no pay; obsessions cured ; ■ dis-
eases of women cured; hrs. 10 to 8. 24 6th, rm. 8.
ItS J.J. -WHITNEY; CLAIRVOYANT
irTice mfl; m : sittings $1: 218 Stockton nz.
~ ; J~rtO~~SXB-_,_.I_LW.
A'^^^FTFTEE-IjlVm^E^LA^rA^^TE^
_x alty; private; ; no charge unless successful- all
law suits,: claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.; at-
tended 10. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
•'V J. M AY. ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR \T
■• 1 «•■ law ; advice f no. 24 Sixth ■: St.. room-* 14, 15.
; W W.DAVIDSON. ATTOUNEY-AT-LAW,4*I
Tf «Cai>iorola su. tms. 14-16: advice free. . -
:.- ;. ; ', - - . ■_■• b1 c 1 cles. ■: ■• ■ '
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO LET;
X~ best i accommodations. , Termlnu» Geaxr. M*>
•fUUWr and rtweU «v car iiae*™"™-" V*.■ 5^750 BAK_R?H4 R9OMBrA£E~STOKK i
v  >.' tracse ; cheap rent; lease: clears 575 a
oonth; bargain. STRAND _ C 0. ,45 Third at. . %
V oTie_-DON'T MISS THESE BARGAINS: j '
1.1 Corner saloon; full value pays we 11.... ..5850
Restaurant, clears $75 per month . • .. 450 j
rruit store, horse and wagon.. 560 '
Butcher-shop, clears over $100 a month '.'.'.'.'.'. 550
grocery and bar. 4 rooms; pays well 225;
.orner cigar-store, near Market street ....275 i
Branch bakery, 3 rooms; make offer 225
.orner barbe-rshop. 3 chairs; bargain 250
}-^.5 er in n?sta V rant ! dears 9l26 a month... 250
•jo ;. Slug-house, 11 rooms; all full 225
At) buy or sell see STRAND _ CO., 45 Third st.
S\4oo STKAU v man Wanted as PART- '
'~mu\ ncr in ? ei »eel cash business: dears
piwuper month each: no experience neoessHy;
mties to serve customers. BTBAND. 4.'i Third st, j
§1000 riRST-OLASS SALOON; PROMT
>Jv.i\j. nent corner; handsome iixtures, includ-
jig cash register and safe; doing good steady trade;
>wmr engaged in other business;, trial allowed. I
Apply S. t HAND t t CO., 45 Third st.
ygQT^; — ?375. :
> •) 1« j. Restaurant near transfer point.
sT-NBKRG CO., .32 Market, opp. Palace Hotel, i
$9900 PARTNER in PLUMBING AND !
<, — Kt\f. gasatUng business; full line s;eel I
*mi ccst-Iron ranees, laundry stoves and broil- i
: T ) i? v^_,f 6(loo:estftbllshed 20 years. STEN-
BKRG COMPANY, ■ t'i3_ Market si.
'"S KKSTA A NT : BEST LOCATION ;
•_ "'-'v. established 15 years; newly fitted un ;
receipts ?25daily. STEXBERG CO., 63. Market at! '
Q BHOESrOBE AN~I) REPAIRING^ I
" •. • iy\J. shop: best location un Market; clearing
P3OO month: full investigation allowed; can pur-
chase any part 01 stock you wish. Apply KENNY,
, 765 Market st. ■ '
<{»ORA CORNER SALOON; BUSY STREET:
*^*J\J\J. cheap rent: old established andmakinsr
money. CULVER & COLTON, 906 Market st.
p I G A B-STORB FOR SALE; WILL SELL
V .half or whole and trade. HKGARTY, 850
Market, room 10. . . .
"pARTNKR wanted— good payTngbusi-
-»- ness: small capital: trial given. EUGENE J.
.lIEGARTY, 850 Market St.. room 10. . .
' "UARGAIN; RESTAURANT: Al LOCATION;
.■'XJ good business; investigate this. LYNCH, 935 I
Market st.
S~ NAP; SALOON; GOOD LOCATION: RARE
chance; see this. LYNCH. 935 Market st.
21O& A NICE; LITTLE RESTAURANT:
*V A— <»./. well fixed up: best place for man and |
wife: cheap rent. REISER & rABS 5 Fourth.
•< ~ ' ( I G . R OCKRY AND BAR; VALUE IN
*il 1 U\J. sisht: rent cheap: It vine rooms: if you
.are looking for a bargain go to REISER _ TAS-
__F____i th ___________
*■'"*% ; )\<| p ARTNEK WANTED; FIRST-CLASS
«ii _• '. restaurant and oyster-house; very bt^t
. if»ca-jon; low rent; owner experienced man. Ap-
fiy 1035 Market st. T. LUNDIN _ CO.
STEAnY HOXKsT MAN AS PARTNER IN
kj well-payinpresUvurant; will clear good wages
at present; good rrospect of increase in business:
$150 required. -.. LUNDIN & CO., 1035 Market.
"V-OTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-> promptly for cash. HEALY & CO.. 28 Kearny I
Q9^o PARTNER " WAS 1, D-Al HASH
- "V. business, clearing to each $75 per
month: no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. II KA I.V, 83 Kearuy.
Ql Qfjfj COFFEE, LUNCH AND. ECE-
; W, cream parlors: vicinity racetrack:
owns building; bo kb great bargain; on account ■
of sickness. Apply HEALY «_ CO., 23 Kearny st. j
OARGAINS TO-D AY— KLEGANT LIQUOR SA-
* ' loon near Market and Powell s:s., 2 entrances:
downtown saloon and lunchhouse, $150; commis- I
sion aud product house, short distance from San I
tranciseo; groceries, liquors and shipping supplies, !
city front: partner in saloon. ?175. Apply W. F. ■
HEALY A CO., 23 Kcarnv st.
Q 900 HANDSOME SALOON ; GOOD STOCK
' —■-"-"• and fixtures; 51ivin=rrooms; rent. $30;
<*.O!ng go<^d business: in best business location in
city. A. CLEAN, 777 Market st.
artner wanted ix general com-
-I mission bus ness, handlinc: different lines of
goods; present proprietor constantly traveling \
and needs a partner to take charge indoors: capi- |
tal require 81000, to go entirely into the busi-
ness. Address Commission Merchant, box 119,
Call Office.
Ql nO LIGHT BUSINESS: -SAME HANDS '
'. I '>'-'■ 3 yean; easily managed; good living; 1
suitable 2 ladisi or man and .\ii'e. STANLEY, \
-I^. Third st. ' ' * ; -"
< 7 ~\l I ""CORNER GROCERY AND BAR j
•8 ' v. withliTing-rooms; pood bar trade: cash '■
custom; low rent; in very best location: rare j
chance. Particulars 533 California st., Phoenix bar. I
<1 "SllO PARTNER WANTED: A LIVE
•; J '> "• man: half interest in a manufactur- I
ing and bottling business; one that is willing to ;
! ice wagon route: full value for the money In- j
vested; reference given and required. Call on
ciUS 1. BUS VIS 621 Howard St., S. F.
< I ""\ 000 TH ? LARGEST AND BEST-
%ijX*J.v\J\J. payinc beererottoand restaurant;
cr»am of trade: monthly profits of $1000 cuaran-
teed; books open for Inspection. Address R. W.,
1143 -Maters:.
PARTY TO TAKE AN INTEREST IN A NEW
■_. and valuable improvement 1n bicycle: also in a
small useful *«lrl_ in order to secure patent. Ad-
'Jreas J. S.. box SS, this office. . ■ ,',
|7OR SAL: -CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
I with 6 ll vir-t--r->oms upstairs: rent cheap: gool
.rade. Apply to WELMAN, PECK _ CO.
~3« I '/|f| P VRI'NKK WANTED IX PKOFIT- !
•JI«JUu. able staple mauufaclurintr business.
.-. . I. ROBINSON, 459 Ninth St.. Oakland.
/GROCERY AND BAR; AND WA' ON:
VJT-3 years' l< ase; no ooposition. Apply Califor-
nia Brewery, Douglas and Diamond sts.
QO9- BAR > i AI > j "I; i , - 1■ A 1 RANT 20
•_ — — <)• Stockton St.; complete outfit. Apply I
. 829 Mission st.
< 7 AH WELL-ESTABLISHED' BAKERY, J
' »v I' 'lF. stationery, variety and news stand in
Western Addition. Address W. a., box 104. Call.
Hi IN WELL-ES I ABLI.JIED :
horseshoeing shop for sale cheap to rgtit man.
Address L-, Call Branch, bet. 16th and Mis-ion.
\\T ANTED— PARTNER IN WELL-PAYING
:• >T oyster-house and restaurant. Apply to-day,
' 1524 Market st. - .
BENCH LIQUOR -STORE: WITH OR
X without lodging-bouse: cheap. 81 9 Stockton st.
IpiRST-CLASS SALOON: CHEAP; * FiNK
1 cash register, safe and private rooms. 209 Ellis.
Ti»OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR. 721 POLK I
X street. ■ •
I WILL GIVE HALF INTEREST IN A VAL-
ual)!*' invention to any one paying costs of pat-
enting in U. s. and foreign countries; worth inves-
tigation. Address box 99. Ca.l Office, Oakland.
QJTO RESTAURANT: WELL "KSTAB-
•_>'_"•-'*-'. Ilshed; eood st a'jy trade; every!
In good running order; rent paid April 1; sure bar- ,
gain. 126 Ninth su
SirOOD AND COAL- YARD FOR SALE. IN
VI Western Addition. Apply 335 McAllister st.
j.' ..■■ BALE— MY RESTAURANT; I HAVE I
X other business. Arply 1416 Howard or 2531
Sixteenth st.
7^OR SALE- GOOD BAKERY; GOOD REASON
X for selling. Apply this office. " ' _...•-.
CM •. i . 1 . MORNING AND EVENING ROUTES,
>_> daily papers. Ap. sto 7 p.m., 1713 a Buchanan.
JjfLLIOTT'PHOTO STUDIO, STOCKTON. CAL.;
n good prices; leading business: no reasonable I
orter refused; leaving country reason for selling.
7_-/-k/i/-i INTERIOR AGENCY i.i; Jilts
• •)'"'"'/. paper for sale. Inquire at this office.
vmjß SALE- LONG-ESTABLISHED WEEKLY
X: paper; good living for energetic man; small
capital required: ill health cause of selling; no
-gt-nts. X. L-, box 68, Call Office.
Xj ARTNER IN WELL-ESTABIJISUED PAINT j
.1 store and house-painting business; one with
some experience preferred; must have about I
91500 in cash or in property: full investigation; i
rarest opportunity. Address, with references, T.,
■ box 71, this office. ' -
_.r|An CHICKEN RANCH FOR SALE: |
■JJ3 1 lU'y. cheap rent: 1000 laying hens, 300
yonng chickens, horse and wagon, harness, cow
and tools. Inquire MR. E. ARNDT, 529 Sixth st.
ijOTEL, WITH BAR AND 34. R00M5; ALL
XX occupied: north of Market st/; run by present |
owner 10 years: everything in good condition; is I
cheap; for sale on account of departure from busi- j
ness. Apply at 400 Bay St., cor. Mason, S. F.
>.t CAA FOR INTEREST IN A WELL-
- f^XOUU established grocery, and general mer-
chandise business: stock and fixtures worth $3500;
one partner retiring; investigation solicited. Ap-
ply Call Office. :
7S OOD PAYING BUSINESS FOR A YOUNG
(jr man. Apply FRANK- C. McCANN, 122 Mar-
ketst. ______^__
.A SNAP; CIGAR STAND DOING, A GOOD
J\. business, for s?le,on account of other business,
bee proprietowbetween 11 and 1 o'clock, 1 Taylor.
Corner grocery and -bar-, cheap IF
\J sold at once. 321 Twenty-fourth st.
OR SALE- "SALOON: OLD STAND., 2862
X .Mission St.; call from 12 to 1. < •
WANTKD TO BUY— A SMALL BUSINESS,
t> branch bakery or restaurant preferred. Ad-
dress Business, box 115, Call Office.
I EAT MARKET-TOOLS, FIXTURES, COM-
M plete; 35. Shoestore, 2881 Mission st.
1 RY-GOODS BUSINESS; CHEAP. ADDRESS
I) D. G., box 19, < all Office. ■" ■ ■■■<■. •
PLENDID BOS IN j 88 OPPORTUNITY. FOR
► **> a live man: grocery 'and .bar for sale, cheap: 9
living-rooms: rent only $20: good reasons. Apply
this office; principals only. ' -. . -
WANTED-TENANT FOR THE McMAHO.V
VV House in Hollister; very ; favorable lease to
right party: furniture, carpets and fixtures at half
price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHON, 628 Mar-
tel 8t " '- - " : " "' ? "'" " ■•-■■-
ANTED - COMPETENT AND EXPERI-
Vf enced party wants to rent summer resort^ or
hotel furnished, in or near city. Address MACK,
4 3 la Turk St. -
"Ivor sale-half INTEREST IN MANU-
X factoring enterprise; protected by American and
English patents: to extend business:, salary «nd
large profits. Principals address V., box 117. -an.
jjH» SALE— GOOD 'PAYING MERCHANT
J tailor store in wide-awake and growing city 47
, rr.Jles from san Francisco; good ressonsgiven for
j Belling; will be sold cheap. Address H., Call Office.
Q 1 KflA MILK ROUTE ; : AND 18 FINE
«_) XO\J\J . milkine cows, 4 horses,, harness, &
wagons, cans and everything included. 45 Capp.
T IQCOR-STORE FOR SALE. 213 THIRD
JU street.
BU STJfKSS .
TO WAGON-MAKERS-WANTED PARTNER
in old-established shop in this city: first-class
woodworker preferred. Address P. O. 8., box 110,
Call.
9 7 X FINE. OLD ESTABLISHED 1 B A-
%P— '" • O. loon; good location; cheap rent.' 1026 j
Larkin st.
OS 1 Of; BARBER SHOP; GOOD LOCATION;
<tjp i-U. low rent. ' Address R. W., box 43, Call.
WANTED TO BUY A GOOD BUSINESS 410
' T Kearny st., room 6.
T?OR SALE— A GOOD-PAYING WITH
i. 10 nicely furnished rooms; sellinz on account
of goina: East. : Inquire 624 Sacramento st. ■
"OR SALE— OF THE BEST-EQUIPPED,
-T best-paying and best-known livery stables; j
located in one of the best livery towns in the State:
this is a snap that will bear full investigation ; I
reason for selling other business- demands entire
attention. Address Livery, box 70, Call Office, or
P. O. box 888, san Jose. ______ j
; I)aT'er~rou'te for sale, telegraph
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; i con be bought
cheap, and chances for increase. are very good.
An ply this office, principals only. ■' -...■■..
LOl>Ci*Xti-HOirSJES FOB SALE.
"\rOTICE— Ito'LOIiQIISGh-'BLOVSES TOB, SALE
-i > from $150 to »:,000. STRAND, 45 Third st.
/'/ \-B< HOT cdiiNEiTiiouPE...... $5000
l)\ "40 rooms, clearing $150 per -month — 40U
21 rooms on Eddy street, only 600
19 rooms on Sutter street, payments 1000
16 rooms on Taylor street. 750
16 rooms corner on Eddy.... .1100
IS rooms sunny corner on Post 1600
4? rooms on Market fit 2500
12 rooms new and good on Mission.. — ..... 600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, corner of Fifth st.
' ,4 1 A(\ A -LODGING'- HOUSE OF 23 ELE-
.'•jjVX-LUU. prantly furnished rooms on Market St.;
paying house. CULVER & COLTON. 906 Market.
W ELL" PAYING LODGINU-HOUSK OF 11
'» rooms: ail full; rent only $3 6: water free; bar-
rain. Apply 8 Central place, oft Pine St., near
Kearny.
1 A-ROOM FURNISHED ROOMING-HOUSE;
XU all full. Call 1537 Mission st. __; '_
(QXf\i\ 22 ROOMS; NEW CORNER HOUSE;
apO\J\J. all full: low rent. 712 Kearny st.
ARGAIN— LODGING-HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS.
913 Howard st. ■ ■ ■
Q(\O FOURTH— NEW HOUSE : W ELL LIGHT-
OUOetI; room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
"MARTINI. 317 Washington -■■
_>'CK>'.'l UV»f; tiiil HJLItK. .
T^oT)MTFuTiNTrultEr^^vv^r^^
•'« uedlounges trimmed with plush $5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40c up
Window shades in s colors .......; 250 up
SHIREK & SHIREK. 747 Market St., opposite
Grant avenue; no branch stores.
T7IURNITURE OF 6 ROOMS: CHEAP; ON AC-
_ count of death: w nt $-0: rooms rented for $17;
steady roomers. 762 a Fo'som st.
UURNITURE 7-ROOM HOUSE; ALL RENT-
r ed-. 214 Ellis st. |
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BEI>
. ding: new ill beds, S9andup: step-lad-
fiers. -Ocpr step: furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
D KMT lI V. WASTED
~*~Is?XLT>NT?~T>AYir~"2^ ""c_St"iIORE
-A than elsewhere for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
A«H PRICK PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th '„ sth.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE J?AIJD~FOR
Jl\- second-hand furniture and carpets 'by Lnndy
Furniture Co., 813 Mnritr t. St.: call or send postal.
CAKP_i';; UL'_._>'iNU.
AT WESTERN STEaS cXrPET-BEAT-
VJ in; works: latest improved machinery: 3c yard.
G. GEORGE",oflice 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
/CARPETS CLEANED, We PKR YARD; KE-
\J laid. 5c per yard. S. STRATTON, 19 Eighth.
(11 si-eamTcarT'et cleanTngTrenova-
ting, 36 Bth. STEVENS, mgx. TeL South 250.
CA 1 : PETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J ilke new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH _ CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO., 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission. 74,
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND KEN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson; tfil. south 223.
i V ATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
-L> vating Work 3 HAMPTON&BAILLY: layinj
I _nd altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tei. Mission .'44.
Ur HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED with
" poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PioneerCar-
ret Beating Works. 353-7 Tehama: tei. So-40.
pONKLIN"S CARPET BEATING WOKK3. ___
* J «ol<l^n (Sato aye.: telephone easE 128.
• HORSES.
HOKSES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH: GOOD
XX care and feed; send for circular. The Hrd-
ranch, 630 Commercial st. . . •
IS ; '-CLASS PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
Xand feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 .Market st.
UNSET HORSE MARKET. 220 VALENCIA—
0 Horses, mules. wagq_f>, buggies and harness,, .
1 r.i -X i 3 NEW A Ii SECOND-HAND HAR-
-1 <J\J ness: ail kinds; wagons, buggies. horses and
scrapers; saud-vva_on_. 1126 Mission st.
R. C. H. WIiSTI'HAL, VETERINARY SUB-
(.eon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital,' 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A(\ HORSES. FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON" *
TV buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market. Sixth st. ; auction every We^ne*-
.... SULLIVAN a DOYLE, Auctioneers. ,
"I An SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALIi
IUU kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cart*;
also £0 chenD horses. Fiftpectli and Valencia sts.
WAt»_>-v-J A-. _> IA.w^AUIiS. .
FOR "g ! ALE— EXPRESS^^w"aGON_nIThORS
atfa bargain. Apply SK. cor. Powell _O'Farrell
FOR «aiJk— Mi>»oK_._>A>iJ-ot;s.*
C/Wi CHICKM j 10c EACH; HATCHED by
M\JU Schnle's selt'-regulating hot-water incu-
bator: best in the world. 1213 Valencia st. . '■■':■':.::
Cj9' NEW ELEGANT WHITE SEWING-
<_)_-_). machine; 5 drawers: latest style; attach-
ments complete; cause departure. 2310 _ Taylor.
SLOOP; 27 FEET: CHEAP. APPLY W. NEW
TON. 1433 San Antonio tve.. Alameda.
QUANTITY NEW . AND SECOND-HAND
safeties for sale cheap. 328 McAllister st.
/ MH.AP- SAFE; FIT FOR BANK OR
V brokerage. ' Call at 651 Clay st.
THRESH YOUNG SHORTHORN COW, WITH
X} second calf; milks 20 quarts a day: gentle.
1312 Folsom at. . - ' . .
FOR SALE HEAP — FOLDING-BED AND
mattrfss. 327 Geary st
T SE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
I bitters in market :Tju_v your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults: . free delivery city. Oak-
land. Alame>!a. ".- PUTZMAN _ RMANN,
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery; phone red 391.
UUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SA.SHES
I > doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
LACKS ITII -SHOP OUTFIT. F O BOX
steam pump, boiler&engine; cheap. 6>6 Mission
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's proSt; we will treat yon right. CALIFOR-
| NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 First, nr. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
KING'S old bookstore, 15 Fourth st. .
0~~~ NE "small MEDIUM AND LARGE size
fire and burglar proof safe.' 109, 11l Market st.
[ ITiIRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, "LETTER-
! _ press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
ATE W RANGES CHEAPER* THAN SECOND-
IV hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
f\ O"U N T SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V bonght »nd «old 112iy,M_k»t bet. 7_--d-t_
tl)tCAiiU.\A_ {
rX~3^l < vTlTe~*snTd^r7^St^jdlo^Ti4
Sutler; teacher vocal music (Italian method),
piano; elocution; dramatic elocution a specialty;
vocal and Shakespearean classes; dancing.
HE LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE;
individual instruction: 4 months' : course.
Ay res' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
UITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
|> AM JO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 50c" PER LES-
I J son; music furnished. 125 Tenth st. ' ;Y ■
T7<NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: PRIVATE
J-i or class: moderate. MISS DILLON, 306 Lark in.
LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE, PHYST-
caI culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
eCHROEDKR. 299 Hyd«st.; call after 1 p. _:. -
QSIiPH GREVEN.VOICE IMPROVED. 82
; Ninth - -: . '■ ■•-.'■ ' -.:■' ..-:■ --. - •■■•'>-'/::.--
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mamloline, banjo. ■ 1707 Market.
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
J. ing, shorthand, etc Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
E SCO' S "LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
CHOOL ELECTRICAL CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
\riOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
V tauprht. Prof. L. MERKI. -25 Geary reasonable
SPANISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Aleisterschaft School Languages, 122 O*Farrell st
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business : practice, - shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modera
Janguaßeti rapidly taught.* Write for catalogue. ' ;
-.VJ IOHT SCHOOL jUEALD'S BUS. CoLLEGE;24
Xi Post: commercial, shorthand. English; low cu-ei
"VriOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 104,y_ Valencia.
/IHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
" /' linn'g Srhooi. i.'nr. (i^arv and Powell st». 1 . --r
"™ PHYSICIANS. '
Xx Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty. ■ ; :
TkR.A.DK.LUOIS,PHYHICN-SUROEON.ROYAL
X!/Unlverglty Turin. Italy. Nucleus b1dg,661 Martct
BJK WLN'Cr ' MA CHINKS. ; ; ' •
"ill kinds'bought,: sold, exchanged^
A rented, repaired; lowest ratea. 205 Fourth ci. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
nousus ! to " r,ET.
Q OQ 1 ST'TTER-FOR^T^CToTT^IVDRESS-
O_Jt72 maker; appreciated if seen; $45; water
free. ; '; .;-■.-■" v -, . .■■ .- "- ■ ■-■•■■■*: '■'
UNNY HOUSE: 7 ROOMS WITH BATH; i:
0 gas; hot and cold water; stable privilege; elec- <
trie-cars pass door; only $17. Apply 927 Brannan a
St., near Ninth.. ; : : ■■ / . : •..•
HOUSE 4 ROOMS; SUN BACK AND FRONT;
$16. 1709 Jones, near Broadway. , - . * '
m'~ GEARY ~" HToiTSE . CONTAINING 12 i
rooms, bath; rent reasonable; key 217 " 1
1 99(^i~p7ne, NEAR ; HYDE— TWO-STOF.Y .
■X_j_U3 house 5 rooms; cheap. Apply room 15,
Phelan building. ■ ' ; . 7
"<_ Qfl 8 ROOMS: MODERN CONVENIENCES; '
»USOV/. fine neighborhood. Apply 15 Grant aye ,
I 71 AND 73 SHIPLEY ST.— AND 6 ROOMS; £
I X $12. :-.. : . ; ■ ■ ■". •■".■..-■ •'•■"':;■■ "
! (3*l Q ELEVENTH. AYE., COR R. R. AYE.;
I tiJVJLO. ] O.rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 534y
1 California st. " - . "■: • " ; . "-.
1 pABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
j I > contented: house rented from BALDWIN <Sc ,
! HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st ■
sTUKKISBSO HOUSES. v :
ON ACCOUNT OF IMMEDIATE DEPARTURE
a completely; furnished house will be : rented ,
very reasonable*: 9 rooms; -hath.' -2317 Sutter st._ : - <
"~~— — * . M^— • <
CO 1 TAGKB ;TO LET.
1 juojb GOT FAOES AHD JTLATS OF 3
i «3)»7. and 4 rooms. SPECK & CO., 603 Market.
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; « '■'.
large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
RATS 1O;_K1. !
1 Aftß HATBB, OWOKTB ALaKO SQUARE ,
Xv/'>_) —Sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath. .:. .
PEW STEPS FROM CITY HALL: LEGANT
£, flats: 5 and grooms. .10 Grove st.
XIICK SUNNY CORNER FLAT OF 7 ROOMS;
-\ bath : In good order. Cor. Geary and Cook sts. ;
key in grocery: $22 50: water free. |
OUSE, 7 ROOMS, "'B ATH ; FLAT, _ SUNNY
rooms, bath, garden. 1706 Post st.
li^AT, $14, SIX ROOMS, SUNNY; 629 SEC-
X 1 ond st., ur. Townsend ; cottage, 4 rms., yrd.. $11.
UNNY FLAT OF FIVE ROOMS AND BATH.
0 Illy. Page st. " ""■-■■'
m~T~FILLMORE— SUNNY CORNER SIX
a rooms and bath; cheap to good tenant.
£<9 HAVES, COR. BUCHANAN—- FLATS
\J~IJL of 3 and (5 sunny rooms, bath, etc. -
AT ICE 6-ROOM AND BATH -UPPER FLAT;
I IN cheap. 612 Hyde, nr. Geary, orSfECK & CO.
i <_1 1 3 ROOMS, BA ! 7 11. 409V^~fUIR-
| <g>XX» teenth St., above Valencia. . .'■
/IQ7I HAIGHT, NEAR FILLMORE-FL"aT 4
_O i 2 sunny rooms: yard: basement; $12.
LAT* TO LET, OPP. LUKLINE BATHS; 6
sunny rooms; bath: cellar. 1212Larkin st.
1 m EDDY — DESIRABLE SUNNY COR.
X_)_X flat; 6 large rooms: moJern improvem'ts.
• '??) 17-209" \VEISs if.] i V FLATS OF 6
—.\) 1 and 7 rooms: modern conveniences; rent
reasonable. ■: ' "" ■■-.■
I ■OH,* LIL Y AYE.— ROOMS AND BATH;
Out rent $15. Owner, lil Van Ness aye.
-I "I C 1 GUERRERO, COR. TWENT
XX_)X— 6 new rooms, bath: good water; $16.
I <_>T 4 LOVELY FLAT, "4 LARGE "ROOMS,
I r_sX_r. bath, gas and yard; water free. 25y 2
! Ford 3t.. bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe
! tind Sanchez.. . • • .- . ". ;
! CIOZY FLATS: SUNNY, NICE LOCATION;
! \J 4 and 6 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., oft Sacra-
I .mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4.
j 0L» 1 C ELEGANT FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH,
1 «_> i _). large yard; water free. 814 Nineteenth
St., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
ECORA'iED MODERN 5-ROOM FLAT; SUN
XJ all day. 847 Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
OST DESIRABLE~FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
with bath and' all modern' improvements;
I 1635 Bush st. rent $30. MADISON & BURKE,
: agents. -. ■
B ABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN <fe
j HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery 3t.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
low Bryant, 5 and 0 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
i A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
j — _ WEEKLY CALL, iv wrapper, for mailing.
FURNISHED FLATS. '/
I"~pU^N^HEirT~FTAf?^B^A^ r iT?U^r^N^fY
X 1 rooms. L 3200 Sixteenth st.
liOL'&J_K__ri_<Cr " KOOiIS.
■ Broadway.
! AAQ BROADWAY — NICELY ' FURNISHED
"i' '«"> housekeeping rooms: also single; well
cleaned. .
tills Street.
rrOA ELLIS— LARGE UNFURNISHED
I i jL\j light, back room for housekeeping.
 • ,-.:•. I ifth Street. ;
I 7OQi fifth-front~koom and KITCHEN',
__jO2 complete; furnished for housekeeping. ■ ;-.;
■;>. " '":.; Grove Street. ■/■,.».-.. . .
1 /"♦ GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
j XU with use of Kitchen: $10: also single. ;
." Howard Street. ," ;";,';.'■
979?: lIOWARD-2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
__ I _._) keeping roo_6; $10. ■ . ,
■ .■- Jessie ■ ti.-i-i. ~
i f'frrv JESSIE— FLOOR OF '3 NICE ROOMS,
DJU unfurnished; yard; cellar; rent $12.
• : . • - , Lar kin' Street. ;■'; :■ - •
A9Q LARK! N- NICELY' FURNISHED
_ -_c/ suites; single: running water; bath; gas.
McAllister Street.
j O^l9 MCALLISTER— 3 UNFURNISHED SUN-
j O"i-- ny rooms: $10 a month.
' ■":'. :.-',.:. ..: Mission Street. ' . - :. ;•;■-
Q(>-[ MISSION — LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
t/Ul also single, housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
1 AOi MISSION — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
lU*-"i rooms for housek'piug; other rooms; bath.
-I Q_>A MISSION-SUNNY NEWLY FUR-
J.OOI/ nlshed rooms for honsckeepinif. ' .
inn a Street.
ml MINNA-FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
a ing room, $1 76 week; bay-window room,
j $2 60; quiet. «_" r , -
: O'l'arrell Street. '
/>QI TWO COMPLETELY FUR-
I DOI nisbed rooms; housekeeping; no children.
i Q9O O'FARRELL— FOUR NICE ROOMS FOR
j O__D h6usekeeplng; call 9 to 12.
hoventh Street.
I 1 Q^ 7TH— COMPLETELY FURNISHED COR-
I -LOU ncr for housekpg; single or en suite; $7 up.
Stockton Street.
m -613 STOCKTON, NEAR FLOORS
of ' 3 and 4 unfurnished rooms and yard.. - :' :
Third Street.
00 A THIRD-TWO UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
-00 _ keeping rooms: water free; $6. ;
Turk Street.
'091 UNFURNISHED FRONT AND
•>— 1 ■ back parlor, bath and gas: $14. , . - ,
Van Nc«i. Avenue. \
I/JOQVAN NESS AYE.— 3 WELL-FUR-
I _0O nished sunny rooms for housekeeping. . : -;
j 1 Af\f* VAN NESS AYE.— NICELY FUR-
! X^iUD nished front parlors ■ for housekeeping;
i also others. ..
Washington Street.
19IA WASHINGTON, NEAR - TAYLOR— 3
J __1 " or 4 unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
, , KOOMS TO XE'l."
Bernard Street. .. ]■■■
"I Q BERNARD— FURNISHED ROOM; SUIT-
XO able for gentleman; $7 per month.
1 tiu.v Street.,.
"I I Q EDDY— BEAUTIFUL GROUND FLOOR
XIO front suite cheap: other rooms $6 up. : ' :
riA ED DV -LA NEAT ROOM; ALSO
*Jx\J small room; private family ; reasonable. ,
_i_;hth Street. ;
SHERMAN APARTMENT ; HOUSE, : 28 ; RTH
_ st., near Market: furnished and -unfurnished. :
■ .. ;.-... Kill. street.,, v , '-;;■. •; ; V' : .;: : ; v
THE RAMONA. 130 ELLIS ST.. SAN FRAN- '
X Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; r a newly : furnished, well appionted, quite
house; containing 150 rooms, large and small,
sunny rooms, ■ single or en suite; ■; gas ; and elec-
tricity,' hot and cold running -water; in.: each :
room; elevator and . fire escapes; situate conven-
ient to the business center of the city, principal
•hotels and theaters; electric cars direct to ferry
and park pass the door. >,-;■.-. -... ■ -; •.-:■■. ■...;>■;
7»QQ ELLIS— LARGE BACK SUNNY ROOM,
000 nicely furnished. -.-: "-• ■-.'• --"-.' ■• ; -'i ••■.-.■
791 ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM; BATH
I —I and gas; rent $7; private family.' • .
. Folsom Street.
"I 9Q 0 1 FO LSOM — SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
'X--002 unfurnished, cheap. ' - ■ - " • , r
s ' Geary. Street.'.
C"I Q GEARY — ELEGANT " SUITE OF PAR-
i)IO lors; suitable man and wifeor offices; others. >
79-1 GEARY-LARGE, HANDSOMiiLYFUR-
-I—l L nlshed and small sunny rooms. ;• . . ■ ,
11 A 1 GEARY,; COR. VAN NESS aye.. the
11UJ I Martinet; '■ first-class modern | apartment- ■
house: rooms en suite and single; new house; ele-
gantly Jilted; breakfast if desired. • ■, > . ,
■'■ ./•-".•v s >; Golden Gate Avenue. ;
9QI s GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE FRONT
__OX room, nicely furnished, $12. : : v ;;'St
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
• r Howard : Street. '.
I OT7I HOWARD — LARGE ROOM, SUIT
LZI I 3 able for lor 2 men: gas: bath; private.
r> 4 n .-> H O W A R FURNISHED : ROOM;
artxij front: sunny; $8. --
;-^-i- '■: - flyde Street. > ;
UH YDK— NICELY FURNISHED BOOM
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $7.
r»9] HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
I,l—l sunny room: -gas and bath.' • • -
Jones Street. ,<
n(\rr JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
dJ\) I manaEement: elegant Bunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; Slu to 830. :
■ Kearny Street. . •
A BLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEARNY-PLKAS-
J\. ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect: terms reasonable. — ..-.
Market. street.
"VrOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single - and ■ suites; per
night, 35c to $1 ; week. $1 50 to $6: families.
Mason' Street.'.
8 MASON, COR. MARKET— ELEGANT SUN-
ny suite fronting on Market St.; suitable for
doctors : also single rooms: all conveniences. :.>.:'.
McAllister Street. "
-l MCALLISTER — SUNNY FURNISHED
J. UO rooms: en suite or single.
1-IAI MCALLISTER — PLEASANT WELL
I l.\J'Z furnished room for 2 gentlemen; private
family. ;■...* ,--■«-.■• ■•' ' ■• •■ ■ - - - '.'■■-
r"fjQ MCALLISTER - HANDSOMELY FUR-
-000 nished sunny double parlors; other rooms.
Minna street."
CA Q MINNA-NICE SUNNY ROOM WITH
OrzV fire for •<:, $7; other rooms $4.
HA p. MINNA— FURNISHED; FRONT ROOM;
i 'i.O board if desired; private family.
' Mission Street. *
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
J-i furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
1 cn,| MISSION— 2 LARGE LIGHT SUNNY |
lO^i^t front parlors, nicely furnished, for m-n ■
and wife, in private family, board and rooms $50
per month. .-■ , .-.-■ /-....' ' --• ■■■' ■ ■---'.. - ■• ■ I
1 dA A MISSION — DU U B SUNNY FUR-
lOi't nished room in private family.
Ninth Street. .
1 1 Q NINTH— AND SINGLE SUN-
IIV ny front connecting rooms; lower flat.
1 <T)Ol NINTH — NICE LIGHT AIRY FUR-
X^jxJ'4 nished rooms; single or en suite.
O'*"arrell Street.
O'FARRELL — . HANDSOMELY FUR-
V£D nished sunny room; suitable for 1 or 2;
rent low. ■ -. . - ' ' - .■•;•.•:" ; •- ,^;. -
Pine Street. ■' '.
m PTNE— SINGLE AND. DOUBLE ROOMS
U1 JL for gentlemen from $5 to s7 per mo. ; grates.
091 B— BOOMS FOR GENTLEMEN, $6
\JZix. up; gas; running water; quiet. ■ : ,
■'■•', '■' : i ' ' ■ Post Street. . •■ ..
rr\Q POST— NICELY FURNTSHKD BOOMS
*J\JO rented by theda 1 -- or week; reasonable. "■
":-a"i f ' * Stockton Street.
4I 7 STOCKTON — FURNISHED SUNNY
*±X I front bay-window re, $10; single, $5 or $6.
•llxird Stro«. '
TIiriNCHESTER HOUBE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
»»' Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 por night; %X 60 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room; reading x'tn ; tree bus.
MAC THIRD, KOSTER HOUSE— FURNISHED
»_> •) rooms, single and suites; $8 and SI 6 up. ■
Turk Street.
OAOI TURK — BAY-WINDOW SUITE OF
— XJ^j'i rooms or 3 adjoining for office; also others.
" '.'BUA'kUllili Am/ : 1...1.-H-..
-^~^,~x~^v~^~~~- ~~- i
"I ARGE SUNNY UPSTAIRS PARLORS; HOT
J-J and cold water; suitable for 2 gentlemen or :
man and wife; price, with board. $20 apiece; also j
2 single rooms with bpard. 712 Post st. ' - ■
1 J/fft OCTAVIA— LARGE SUNNY FRONT j
I'llU alcove suit, with board; also single rooms. ■
ADY WITH PLEASANT HOME, DESIR A- i
ble locality,' wishes to rent sunny room with
board : references exchanged. 2217 Octavia St., !
corner Jackson. : ; ; ;" ;'.J: ■-:: ■ ■-.' ■'. ■
"1 "] O TURK— REMODELED— NEWLY FURN-
1. JLUishod suites and slngle;first'Clasß table board
"VfICELY .-• FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR- i
i-N passed for neatness and comfort: 50c, 75c and !
$1 per day ;$2, $2 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to!
$30 per mo 'th. Hackmeier"s Hotel. !
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY ; $4 50 '
week, $16 "a month, *at Hr.ckmeler's Hotel.
GEORGE GRUENIG, Proprietor. • ■.
TTACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 'I23-129 EDDY ST.;
J_L new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prietor: board and room $5 and $6 a week and up.
DESIRABLE FOR GENTLE^
men at 1401 Van Ness aye. cor. Bush nt. :•" o !
OTEL BERT LI NO. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmod-
era conveniences. :, ■; -.' . '
Cll JI. I» RES . BU AK S) % I>.
YOU CAN FIND REFINED KOMEIN AMER-
-1 ican family, for child; , terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye. ■'
STOIU.S TO LET. " '•
/DA^CE^YTFuTINTSH^D^TtETD^F^R^BU^
-D ness, with good ■ trade, for rent immediately.
Apply 3200 Sixteenth st. ....
rpo LET— STORE, WITH ROOMS; RENT $18.
1 516 Geary St., near Taylor. . '. *
TORE AT : INGLESIDE RACETRACK, AT |
0 first gate; rent $15. Inquire within. '
STORE, PROMINENT PART MISSION: FOR-
merly first-class barber-shop. 1348 Valencia.
A 1 fi FOURTH-SMALL STORE, WITH ROOM |
ttIU in rear; rent low. Apply to O. H. UMB- ,
SEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. - >7 ;
" ■;-.' OFFICES to let. v
man will be vacated on March 1, at Mar- I
man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket st., cor. Stockton: first floor. . '■
. . iu;i)HJAt..
T\RT~ir~ir~JOS^ELY great spe-
clalist, still offers his valuable services to the
unfortunate. ''With a mind matured and enriched
by studies of an advanced order, there: is hardly a
disease in the 'catalogue of human Ills he cannot '
treat-to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been
strengthened by extensive experience. Ladies, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism Is beyond
his sure con rol. His female monthly remedies are i
sure and safe in their effects. • His tried and valu-
able remedies for lost manhood are never failing in
their action and warranted for both young and old. !
lie excels all others in the cureof private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant &
cure in all cases. Consultation parlors, 1320 Mar-
ket St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all let- !
ters to box 2275. .;: ■■-.- ,-;.;..- . .... :.
k BLESSING TO . LADIES . SUFFERING !
A from irregularities and | diseases peculiar to i
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment: j
never fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad ;
effects; ;. never makes them: sick to make them \
well: travelers helped Immediately: I prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis- {
pensary, 14 McAllister at., next" Hibernia Bank; I
consult free. DR. & MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
lating pills, $2 50. , , • , ;: ..^
R. CAUGHREAN, SPECIALIST— ASTHMA, ;
gravel, male and female diseases successfully
treated: the poor treated free Fridays. 1118 Mar-
ket street. .■.-■ -:■;■:-.:..■ '■".;■'■■.. ■'■ .-..•;;. .-. :.
A ""new PROCESS— no MEDICINE, INSTRU !
ments or worthless pills used; every woma* i
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat- i I
ut from what cause; 'restores always in one day;
1 i you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's !
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home; '
all cases guaranteed. -DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LL FE M ALE /IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In a few hours; sate and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; | home in : con-
fine me 1: French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 916 Post. St., near Larkln. ;
LADIES. CONSULT FKEE MRS. DR. SsCoTT.
J 216 Powell st,; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure; diseases of the eye treated 1
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE;
housekeeping; apartments: strictly . private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
V LPE AU'S = FRENCH i» PILLS— A BOON TO
xv Indies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. ' OSOOOD BROS.,- Oakland, Cal.
R, HALL, 14 mcallister STREET, NEAR
Z Jones.' V Diseases of women and children. .
DRB. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
. diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity la one - day, guaranteeing | a j cure or ( no
charge; separate^ home for patients; best skill;
medical attendance; low , tees; , regulator, $2.
1370 Market. :-.:qr. .'->:/-:■:■;-' :: o ..;■■'.- .
TOADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE~REGULA ,
Xj ting Pills: - strongest, ■ safest, best; never fail;
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis st,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents. ■■
BU BE~CU BK~FOB~ ALL~FEM : ALK~ ■ DIS.
•-ages, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. OWYER, 226 Turk st. .
MRS. DR.,W£GENEB; PRIVATE HOME IN
, confinement; % irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation ; pills $2. \ 419 Eddy st. x ;
IF IRREGULAR OK ANY FEMALE DISK ABB
see Mrs. Dr. Puetr. and be content. 254^ 4th. -
DISSOLUTION;! OF i PARTNERS.
VTofICE "IS^HEiKET3Y^ivEN^HA 7 i r THE'
1\ }■■ firm. of : PETERMAXN & FRANK, engaged
in the bag,: tent and awning business at 111 Clay
St., San Francisco, Cal.. was this day dissolved by
mutual consent by the withdrawal of F. H. J.
PETERMAKN . from ■ said " firm. " r; Mr. AUGUST
C.FRANK has purchased all the assets of said
firm and assumed all its ' liabilities. He will con-
tinue the business of I said t firm I under the style:
California Bag, Tent and Awning Company. --.;.
»' . f . , , F. H. J. PETERMAN, 'U
-- . - ' . . ■: - :., i v. "i' AUGUST C. FRANK.' <; -
Dated Sun Francisco, February '24, 1890. -<-
CITY R.AI ESTATE. '.' _'r__[
GREAT BARGAINS. .'~^~~~~~~"
VT DON'T FAIL TO SEE THOSE
SPLENDID LEVEL LOTS.
$600 TO $700. . :- "-.- ■• ' .-...:■ . •:;',:.«
•-.-;----. ONLY $50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY. .
California St., 11th and 12th ayes. and Lake St.;
an excellent chance to make money; don't wait,
but get in on the ground floor; the cheapest lots in
Kichmond; street graded, sewered and macadam-
ized; water mains laid; only one-half block from
school.
SELLING FAST.
ONLY 12 LEFT.
-Lots on 25th and Point Lobos ayes.; only one left
on Clement st. ; Do you want it? If so you must
be quick. -;■- '
PRICES $400 AND UPWARD.
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
SUTRO CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
: . ■ :--■/ ■ ' ' ■ .. ■-" - :. -■■■'■... :V..:
Call at our office for a diagram of the block
bounded by California and Lake sts., 4lh and j sth
ayes. Attractive prices. - •
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
STREET WORK DONE.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND.
' 10 Montgomery st. ;
<2«tJ7^p: EACH— 6 LOTS; NR. MISSION ST.;
$>.£ I O 25x70. .'.-■-, .-- :.::■ - -.-. ': '.-■ ■ ■;■■■
$450 each— 3 lots; fronting two streets: 25x90.
$4000— On Sutter st. ; improved; rents for $30.
Sl2OO-^-Houßeof 6rnns. : payments to suit: 25x70.
$150— Lot at Ocean View; on Orizaba; 25x125.
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. sth.
QAfk EACH-LOTS ON LOBOS ST., 25x114.
tjT> OUU $10,000—6 flats on Fell; lot 25x120.
$3300— House 6 rooms; Ipt 25x100.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, corner of Fifth st.
$lA||A FINE CORNER; 104x100; ON
tiPIUUU. Cal. and Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
down, $15 monthly. ■ «
j $350-1 acre hill land; $fi monthly.
Business lot: 50x100: $10 monthly.
$200- Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly. -
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st.
ttlftflfk FOR COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
tirIUUU. and bath. 11 Florence St., off Vallejo,
bet.' Jones and Taylor. ; " "-.-::
ARGAIN— HOUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 6
rooms and bath. Apply 929 Twenty-third si.
OUSE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH, LARGE CEL-
lar and garden, lot 22:6x96. 2439 Larkln st.
3 FLATS, 13 ROOMS AND BATHS, BAY-WlN-
dow, mantels, etc., built for $3200 ; 5-room cottage
and bath. 1500. JAS McCON AJIAY.II49 Mission
DO YOU WANT a beautiful HOME?
Elegant 1 cottage of 5 large rooms and hall, spa-
cious bathroom, porcelain tub, electric bells, pat-
ent walks, interior decoratea'throughout.lftrge fin-
ished basement, lot .25x125, only. $2650, easy
terms, $25 monthly, bargain. Homestead st., bet.
24th and 26th, Va block above Douglas. L. A.
BORN, owner and builder, 1243 24th st.
isilON-ST. INVESTMENT — BUSINESS
portion of the street: large tot and brick build-
ing; can be altered at small cose to pay well. :
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, 4 Montgomery st.
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR BAN
Francisco property, a modern house of. 8 rooms
in Oakland. . No : reasonable offer refused. Apply
28V 3 St., city. '■ - ■■■'■--■-. ■ • - ;
COLNTUIC | UEAL ESTATJb.
AN RAFAEL ; "$1650 TOTA L IE •" 6
rooms; bath; 50x120; fine order. P. O. box
883, San Rafael.
1 Ail ACRKS ALL IN VEGETABLES: SUIT-
J-v/'» able for cemetery or vegetables; fronting
on electric and 8. P. R. R.: offered very low.
SPECK A CO., 602 Market st. :- ■
WANTED— TO SELL A FIRST MORTGAGE
"" of $1000, bearing interest at ,10 per cent, on a
flue ranch In Napa County; also want £300 on
house and lot in East Oakland, and . a few others
; from $100 to $10,000 at 8 and 10 per cent on quar-
ter value: no expense to ; lender. Apply or write ■
to A. L. WILLEY, Golden Gate, AlameaaCo., Cal.
TTHICKE^ANiTT'KUir RANCHES; TOWN
\J lots and villa sites:, cheap and easy terms. -■.
$3500—14 acres chicken and duck ranch; thor-
oughly Improved; furniture and stock. -
$1000— 4 acres: chicken ranch; adjoining town;
in complete working order. . •-. ; ■-* '■:.•:■ :
SHAND<fc RIBIiET, Novato, Marln County.
WANTED— A ! RELIABLE, WELL-RECOM-
i "» mended farmer-tenant for a 200 acres good
level ranch at Woodside, San Mat co County; take
charge at once; crop this season volunteer hay and
summer fallow y» the ranch ;placo suited for dairy;
lias new 7-roomed house: close to school. Apply to
L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay St., S. F. Terms liberal.
OQA ACRES OF LAND IN TUOLUMNE
ZjO\J County; wood and water; cheap for cash.
Particulars 1714 Polk st. •; ■• . ;l •:
A LAME DA COUNTY: 440 ACRES CHOICE
iX. fruit land; 1V» hours from San Francisco ;must
| be sold at $35 per acre and in tracts of 5 acres up-
ward in order to avoid -foreclosure; land is unex-
' celled for olives, almonds,"- apricots, ; fiss, grapes,
peaches, prunes, etc., and adjoining land is held at
j 100 an acre: excursion Sunday, March 8. Fur-
i tber Information at room 67, Chronicle building. ;■/; !
ORANGK BLOSSOM COLON*. • :■•■-."
: : OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAI*
! Beautiful yon nrr orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
I and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
: and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
■ of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
ftocßton - ana lii creed. The : Stanislaus and Saa ■
j Joaqnin Irrigation Company's canal runs : directly
| through \ the - colony and the : property has a per-
! petual water right.* . v - ■• - - • ..,; ->:.-,,',..-:: V
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
; either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
I Bloods. Th« property Is . under the immediate !
j direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
. who has received diplomas and medals at eight
: different county fairs in the State and for a small
j consideration cared for tho orange groves for non-
residents. ' .■■::■..:■■ ■:■-- ■} ■■-«-•.' -■: *; -.'?,::?!$*.
A high and dry conntrv, with 'ft perfect natural
i drainage system. All kinds of small game near by .
: affords excellent sport for hunters. l •r 1 ,--t'.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water right
! nna planted to orange trees, $17$ per acre. Unim-
proved' land with fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: . The purchase price payable la
fix annual payments, without interest; title per-
I lect and liberal discount for cash. , ' '
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ai. '
drenA " - ~ " "' --■:■■'■■■ -: - - ■ ■':."'
■ a. ASTON, ELDRIDGE «fc CO.,>
«3» Market Street. : .. - ;
." san Francisco, Cat
OrF. T. KNEWINO, our representative. • t-'^M
Oakdale, Cal. j
I" ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: IM-
J proved; easy i terms; * also 4, 6 - and ■VI acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly Improved,
! with - small bouse, etc - D. H. TWIN G, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St., 8. F. . :
MARIN COUNTY— 6OOO~ACREB 26 MILES
from San Francisco. * ■ ; :
i - ■ : Rancho de Novato.
• Tracts cat any size desired; fruit, grain and
i vegetable land, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms mad a
to suit ; send for c ircnlar. :. " « -'
Improved dairy farms for salo with cows. -^ *-- '■;
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. ;. .: :.-;.'/-
FOHOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMEd
f O for sale. WOOSTKR <fe WH IT! ON. S»n .lose.
MOiStil iO 1.0.U>: ' - ■ r
M" IONKYl ONKY LOANED" JEWELRY AN'fl
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
, 1 106 Market St.. nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
D ZBSCT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano ; mo removal; no delays; •no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Dononoe build'g, 1170 Market sc.
OA KLAND > LOANS ON REAL ESTATE,
first '■ mortgages secured on short notice; car-
rent rates of interest. - HUGH M. CAMERON, ,
Broker. 479 Ninth St., Oakland. ■ '
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
', moval in the city and Oakland pr Alameda, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 828 Montgomery.
IST&2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
lutes Slowest rates ;no deIay.MURPHY,62B MrkU
ffl?fWS/» fif\f\ ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST
<t)OUU ? UUUrateB. A.SCHULLER,SOB Montgy
1 ST&2D MORTGAGES, ALSO ON FURNITURE
I i-«fc pianos; no removal. 325 Montgomery St.. r. 25.
MONEY TO LOAN O>T MORTGAGE OR COL-
-IYI laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMON, 803 Montg.
f CSf DA A AAA - MODERATE RATES OF IN-
,«JpZUU.UUv/. terest. Rm 214, 328 Montgmy.
TF YOU WANT TO LOAN YOUR MONEY . AT
X 8 to 12 per i cent Interest on good security call
at 410 Kearny St., room 6. ; v ■;>■■= v;.::
* MONDS, JEWELRY, ETC
Acolumbla Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
\ A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or SD MORTGAGES;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro*
bate. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, . rooms 2-3.
T OANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
JU I/Oan Association, cor Battery and Pine 'sts. .
•.■■■■■;■■ PAWNBROKERS.
AT 128 'i KEARNY ■';, ST., ROOM 1 9— MO.NKY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: ■.
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap. ■-.-■ :.■■ i
-..",■•"'..-■ FINANCIAL,. : . \ ;
1 D~~OU^TuIT^A7MX^BI^^DFJBT"sT^TCr,
collected and bought. Address D. C, box 63,
Call Office. "..- ■■ -' ■'-■' ■:■■'•'--.■■';<■ '.' ■:■ - -"■■ '■.'-'■.' ' ■-:-.-•■-■
©1 (\(\U C\(\ TO LOAN SON 'LIFE INSUR-
«S>±Uv/. Ul/ ance policies: Cripple ; Creek and
Utah mining stocks bought. TOKLITZ, 330 Pine.
,T OANS ON ' IST AND 2D MORTGAGES AN D
JU life insurance . policies: *■ low ; rate of ' interest ;
I bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery st. ■■<■■-■.:■**-%
';• .'.-;;■ .; :^ to ;; exchange. \ ; ;; ;■ v :-■
tTTsTORES [ AND^SoO^Sc^XA^TTO^XCHANGE
— for vacant lot or improved property;' will assume
mortgage or pay cash difference. Apply to H. C.
DECKER, 1020 Market st. jv: :--:;?;
WANTED— TO ~Vi EXCHANGE 'VALUABLE
real estate for well-established weekly paper.'
Address G. 8., box 134, Call Office. ;,;.;;;■:
-I »,QA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
.LZOI/water; fine for cattle-raising. N-bx.l6.Call
< v .; :■- ; - . . TO ; tlJA^^>v:-^ -\ .
O^EA*SE^S^TTAjKiE~FO^ISxUrRA^
1 barn for 60 cows; house 4 rooms; bath. 1613
Market st. '
;-":- ■: '.' .■-•;: i.h,ti al NOTICES. ■■ ; -':-;'" ;' ; :;'" :
mHE^WORXD^S^H^^TIAicrc^OPEirA^IVE
1 Society, a corporation— To all whom it concerns:
The above corporation will | be removed I from San ■
Francisco to Nevada City. CaL, March' 20, 1896.
ißy order •■; JOHN M. PORTER, Secretary. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9O& BROADWAY.
,-..,_ OAKLAND KEALJESTATE^
<ffi 4 Him FINE INCOME RANCH: 16 MIN-
<IPt:'/UU. BtM 1 drive from Sonoma City, Cal.;
good house and barn, etc.; 18 acres; 11 acres in
Ziiifandel -grapes ana 1% acres in Tokay and
Sweetwater; family orchard : for sale or exchange
for clear, good city property. See E. E. BUNCE,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. ■ '■ .
BUSINESS FOR HALE; GOOD BARGAIN;
i J~fJ home bakery and confectionery cheap rent;
fine location: pays well; owner leaving town;
F. O. WATSON, 463 Ninth St.; Oakland. :'■■.
TO .7 EXCHANGE— BEARING LEMON OR-
chard, - $8000, Southern California, for Oak-
land or Berkeley ' property. J. H. EDSON, 908
Broadway, Oakland. •. '",;
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
(gfoH 2 "■ LOVELY~FL ATS~~COMPLETE LV
tip^jU. furnished; centrally located; rent $25.
For particulars see MARSHALL, the house-renter,
1118 Broadway, Oakland. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
, : ALAM^DA HEAL . STAVE.
y Qunr\h^£AßSK^6-Roo^ COTTAGB^'ON
(IP^UUu, Alameda aye.; cheapest piece ;of
property in Alameda; to be sold In 30 days. E. D.
JUDD, 1424 Park st., ■ .- ■-.; /■■ ■'-.
©OQAA AN f ELEGANT NEW COTTAGE;
«n>ZiOUl». 5 rooms end bath; lot 50x203;.5150
cash, $20 per month— No. 732. . '
1750— Cottage 5 : rooms ' and bath; $20 per
month ; a snap— No. 736. • ' .'■''■■ •.-,•>■ .
$2000— New cottage; 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $150 cash, $20 per month— 739.
' $1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate; corner;
94x115; street work, sewer, etc., complete; will
make 8 building lots. -' : .  ■
. $3000— New modern cottage: near station; no
cash clown; $30 per month— No. 698.
$9!iO— 11/2 acres land on Bakers aye.; worth
$1700; one-half cash. ;•■::■•-. . •
•Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts of
Alameda. H. V. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
fit IPi Art 9-ROOM DWELLING; ORIGINAL
tjp iOUU. cost $9000,
$3000— 6-room dwelling; oricinal cost $3500.
$2760— 5-rcom dwelling; original cost $3000.
$2000— 4-room dwelling; original cost $2250. ■
All comparatively new and modern, on large lots
and in good locutions; very ; small cash payment
and easy installments: no reasonable terms re-
fused. We also have 12 five-room cottages and 3
elegant residences now in course of construction,
at prices to defy competition and ~on I easy terms.
We are able to suit any one wishing a home of any
Kind. JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY, 1361
Park St., Alameda. ; .:, ' '.'. •• :■
OR .■" SALE— FINE HOME ON |CENTRAL
aye.; cost $11,500. now offered for $9000,
choice property; lot 69x400 with water front, offer
wanted; I fine 1 investment In vacant lots. E. D.
JUDD .1424 Park .st., Alameda. ■
££Kk KKAX. ESTATE.
1"? OR SALE— LOT 60x130;" STREET work
all done: ■ one block from University and elec-
tric-car line; price $1600. Address MRS. RIVERS,
•8 University grounds, Berkeley. ■ -.':-:■
TOBEPH ;J. MASON, REAL : ESTATE AND
0 Insurance, removed to Berkeley station. "-■•'
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
REAL ESTATE.
ANTAXL AR A PROPERTY :
for sale or exchange for city . property large,
residence, well furnished; beautiful grounds;
large oaks; suitable for gentleman's home, semi-
nary or summer boarding; with 160 acres or less;
stable, two cottages, outhouses, pavilion, bored
well, windmill, horse-power, tanks, farming imple-
ments,: wagons, horses,' cows, ; pigs, chickens; 30
acres fruit trees, 2, 3 and 7 years; 70 acres in wheat;
and barley. For price and fur her particulars apply
E. McCURRIE. office Lloyd vis, MilU bldg. S. V
•■'- ',"::': ■■ DENTISTS. ' : . ' :
O^E^T^WO^J^'vIER^fTLO^EST^RICESr
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, nn. 1.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, 24 (Sixth st.
OET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
0 Ct. young, 1841 poik st. ,
I^R. GEORGE :W. LEEK. THiS GENUINE
X' Leek d>ntist, discoverer of painless extraction i
and patentee of - improved bridge work or teetn {
without any plate, moved from 6. to 20 O'Farrell st. |
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c; CROWN |
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 op; 13 years'
experience. :R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 810^4 Geary.
"I \R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIIXJE-
U work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
R, L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. .. 103 Cieary St., cor. Grant aye. .
/^roomeTrental ASSOCIATION, 759 mar-
V ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; < only reli-
ableagent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
I fnnss; fillings irni $1; extracting 60c. with gas $1.
i ©7 r A FOR TEETH; WARRANTED AS
<£) *■ good as can be made; rilling $1. DR. SlMlla,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. - •
DR. LUDLUM HILI,, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
! plates are made; old plates - made over like new.
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
C^OLTON DEXTAL ASSOCIATION. 80S M.AR-
t ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKETTCOR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. — Open ! evenings; - Sundays till noon.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAB-
ranted. DR.' J W. KEY 1122 Market st.
SHERIFF'S, SALES.
S^^U^RTF^^SATE^P^naC^A^nTTA^cT)!^
O poration), plaintiff, vs. ROBERT W. NEAL
and E. PIERPONT, defendants. No. 53,062.
Superior Court, Department 1. Order, of sale and
decree of foreclosure. . . ; - ; • ■; ,■ ;
. Under and by virtue of an order of sale and de-
cree 'of foreclosure, • issued out ;of .? the j Superior
Court, Department No. 1, of the City and County ,
of San Francisco, State of California, on the 14th
day of February, A. D. 1896, in the above entitled
action, wherein the PACIFIC BANK (a corpora-
tion), the above-named .plaintiff, Obtained a judg-
ment and decree of foreclosure against ROBKRT
W. NEAL and E. PIERPONT, defendants, on the
11th day of February, A. D. 186(5, which said judg-
ment and decree was on the lllh day of February,
A. D. 1896, recorded in Judgment .Book 30 of said ■
court, at paze 238, I am commanded to sell all that
certain lot, piece or parcel of land situate, lying
and being In the City and County of San Francisco,
Stale of California, and bounded and described as
follows: "'•■■:■ ■*■■■■:■;-•■-:■■_ ...* .- -..■<-■:
Commencing. at a point on the southwesterly,
line of Twelfth avenue (now Dominica street), dis-
tant seventy-five (75) feet northwesterly from the
west corner of X street (now Savannah street) and
Twelfth avenue (now - Dominica street): thence
running northwesterly along the said southwest-
erly line of Twelfth avenue (now Dominica street)
seventy-five : (75) : feet; thence at right angles
southwesterly and parallel with X street (now
Savannah street) two hundred (200) feet to the
northeasterly line of Thirteenth avenue (now Ser-
via street) ; thence at right angles southeasterly
along said northeasterly line of Thirteenth avenue
(now Her via street) seventy-live (75) feet; thence
at right angles northeasterly and parallel with X
street (now Savannah street) two hundred (200)
feet to the point of commencement; said piece or
parcel of land being known and described as lots
N os. Two and ' Fifteen in block No. Two Hundred
ana , Forty-seven, , upon * a certain map entitled
map of i the property of \ the South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association, which said
map is duly tiled sin ■ the office of the County Re-
corder of the City and County of I San Francisco in
map-book No. 2. . . ' . •. . ' ■ 
Together with all and ■ singular,' the tenements,
hereditaments - and ' appurtenances thereunto be-
longing or in any wise appertaining. . ' - -
Public notice is hereby given that on SATUR-
DAY, the 14th day of March, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, in front of the new City
Hall, Larkin-street wing, in I the < City : and County
of San Francisco, I will, in obedience to said order
of , sale and decree of. foreclosure, sell the above-
described property, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to raise sufficient * money to satisfy said
judgment, with interest and costs, etc., to the high-
est and best bidder, for lawful money, gold coin of
the United States. •-•:■• - . >»-.,-. "<•• •
:.n--,i > - RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
- San Francisco, February 21, 1896. - - ■:-
SAWYER & BURNETT 1 , No. 420 California St.,
San Francisco/Attorneys for Plaintiff.-*-
-• " STOKAGUG '■';■: -i\. £■]■ :;•'"■"' '>"
m HTR^ON^YT^2"M7s^K)N^S^foIfA^E~AT
J • reduced rat>S: basement storiu;e,sl 50 load
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, ETC.
R. F. OSBORN <fe CO.. 751 and 753 Market st.
"/TpPLYFOR BATES FOR STORING FURNI-
A ture, etc.' SHIREK A SHIREK, 747 Market. r
. AMERICAN •' FURNITURE CO., ' 1127 MAR
xv ket: storage at lowest rates. 'Phone Mint 32. v
TOR AGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
O bold roods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 736 Market st.
ILSON , BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET—
*» Storage: low rates; telephone South 762. ,
,V ' JLAiiiClAc. .- l,lCt.\3t.s. . '
. The following marriage licenses were Issued by
1 the County ClerK's office yesterday: :y ■'.' /
; Giovanni Picttrand Mary Lacb-ttl, 23—17.
Archie G. bmlth and Gertrude Hinds. 30—19. -
! C E. Wentworth and Lizzie J. McGivern, 48—30.
, .Elisha Burr Jr. and Susie C. Th»»rn, 80—28. . - . .
; David Hill and Anna B. Cameron, 30 -S3.
• A." C. C. Andersen and Petrine Wind, 25—30.
; Henry Kuhn and Anna M. Kunk, 31—27. - -
' I Percy C. Glover and Delia M. Richardson, 21—19.
j Joseph Brown and Louise Streib, 28—22.
■ John Dimond and Marie l'Hostia. 40—33. '4 ■■*
1 IUVOIiCE i'KOCJiiJijOlJiUi. ■;
Complaints filed: >■■ • - - - : :''.^. . ■'
I Lilian T. Packard against Charles C. Packard.
.- Frank Bontur! against Louisa Bontnri.' .
-Hedwig Scliuiz against Albert Kchulz.' " ■; 2
, Theodore C. Marceau against Amanda Marceau.
Divorces granted : '.' ■■■'■.-'■T' 7 r : ; ■-■■-i '- T " ;: ' '■■'*:£ v-'*':7:- ;
p Margaret J. Gumpfer from J. Henry Gumpfer, :
for f ailure to provide ; ' by Judge Sanderson. * . ■
• Annie Carpmill from John Carpmill, for habitual
intemperance: by Judge Hunt. ; ?■■-, - -, : ~; "
Bridget Dunn from Joseph ] Sexton Dunn, for
desertion ;: by Judge Hebbard. Plaintiff allowed
$25 : a month alimony .; and custody of ♦ minor
Children. --••■■■ : - ■■/-':. ; - V ___^______»
BIRTUS-— MARRIA(JES--I>MTiIS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be inser:ed;i-They must be handed in at
either of tne publication* offices: and be indorsed
witn the name and residence of person authorized
to have the same published.]
CORN.
BERNSTEIN— In Chicago, March 4, 1596. to the
. wife of Sam Bernstein, a daughter. . 
FILMER— In this city, January 18, 1896, to the
'- wife ot George Film er, a son. .'
JEROME— March 4, 1896, to the wife of A. A.
Jerome, a 50n..,; .-.- ; , ; - : ;^ f "s.x ..-:.'■ .
JEWELL— In this city, March 2, 1896, to the wife
of Harry M. Jewell, a daughter.
TAY-In this city, ' March' 3, 1896, to the wife of
Charles F. Tay,* a daughter. '
TUMELTY— In this city, March 4, 1596, to the
wife of John Tunielty, a daugnter.
.''■■■'■■■ •"•.-- . MAKKiEO
BAINBRIDGE— WATERS— In this city, March 4,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, James C". Bain-
bridge, M. D., and Medora A. Waters, both of
San Francisco. . .
LATHAM— In this city, March 4, 1896.
I by the' Rev. H. C. Minton. Alfred Latham and
Gertrude E. Hislop, both of ban Francisco.,
REDFIELD— FAUCETT— In San - Rafael, '■ Cal.,
March 4. 1896. by the Rev. A. Drahms, Thomas
B. Red field and IdaFauceu..both of Madera,Cal.
THOMAS— In this city, February 18,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. Jason M.
Thomas and Laura S. Coombs, both of San Fran-
cisco. .^
DIED.
Badenhauer. Emma McDowell, William
Barton, S. M. " McMahon, Mrs. E.
Day, Edith May Nolan, John
Doherty, Francis J. ■ Neill. Matilda .
Farley, James " Ordemann, Ben
Frank, Frederick A. O'Callaghan, James
Groves, James ' Shuey, Lizzie L. '
Green, Alice C. ■ Ktelner, Emilie C. J
Jelawitz, Max ' -Siverwright, Frances
Kenistou, Mamie E. Stewart, Alma Mary
Kidd. Mary L. ... .Ward, Michael
Mitchell, Catherine Wightman, A. C.
BADENHAUER— In this city, ! March 4, 1896.
Emma Badenhauer, mother of Hugo and Ewald
Tweer and Otto and George Badenhauer and Mrs.
A. G. Wee-Hand, a native of * Germany, • aged • 55
. years 11 months and 22 days. [Alameda papers
please copy.J . . . '
ay Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 632 Ureen street, thence to the. German
Methodi3h Church, on Broadway, between Stocic-
ton and Powell street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. ' . . '. • .. ' : ...
BARTON— In this city, March 2, 1896, S. M. Bar-
ton, aged 50 years. -: •
DAY— In this city, March 3, 1896, Edith May Day,
I v a native of Illinois, aged 24 years.
I DOHERTY— In this city, March 4. 1896, Francis
J., beloved husband of Margaret Doherty, father
of Frank, Mamie. Johnnie and Edward Doherty,
'son of Frank and the late Mary Ann Donerty,
and sister of Mrs. Mary C. McCorreston, a native
of San Francesco, aged 42' years and 3 months. '..
Friends and acquaintances ■- are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 27 Alta street, between Montgomery
; and Sansome, Union and Filbert, ttence to St.
Frances Church, where a solemn requiem '.mass
will be celebrated for the repose' of ■ his soul,
commencing ' at 10 o'clock a. >m. . Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. . = -...
FARLEY— In this city, March " 4, ~ 1896, • James
i Farley, brother-in-law of the late James : Cal-
" laghan, and uncle of James J. Callaghan and
Mrs. Mary Passola, a native of County Meath,
Ireland, aged 71 years. . • ■ ■ "-.-.. ' :
■Friends ana acquaintances are ■ respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from tne par-
lors of J. Godeau & Co., 326 and 328 Montgom-
ery avenue. Services at £t. Francis Church.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. • ' I '-■
FRANK— In this city, March 3, 1896, Frederick
A., husband of Florence Pope Frank, a native of
New York State, aged 45 years and 6 months.
[ Portland (Or.) and Madison (Wis.) papers please
copy.]
JB^"Friend3 are invited to attend the funeral
services THIS DAY (Friday at 1 o'clock r M.,
from his late residence, 2001 Van Ness avenue.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
GROVES— In this city. March 5. 1896, James,
husband of Kate ■ Groves. ( and father of George,
Oliver, Charles and Gertrude Groves, a native of
England, aged 57 years 9 months and 18 days.
GREEN— An anniversary solemn ; requiem high
mass will be celebrated at St. Ignatius Church,
Van Ness avenue and Hayes street, TO-MOR-
ROW (Saturday), at 8 o'clock a.m.. for the repose
of the soul of Alice C, beloved wife of Joseph E.
Green. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend.
JELAWITZ— In this- city, March 5, 1896, Max
Jelawitz, aged 57 years.
KENISTON— In this city. March 5, 1896, Mamie
E., beloved wife of Joseph E. Keniston , mother of
Dorothy E. Keniston, eldest daughter of Mary O.
and the late Joseph E. Legge, and sister of Ed-
ward and Clara Legge, a native of San Francisco.
KIDD— In this city. March 4. 1896, Mary L. Kidd,
; beloved sister oi Mrs. P. J. ; Urogan, a native of
• Liverpool. England, aged 70 years
Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS. DAY (Friday), ,at 9:30
o'clock a. m., from her late residence, 12% Hollis
street, thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy street,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of . her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. 11. Interment. : Mount '■ Calvary Ceme-
tery. . ' I ■ ■(-'■;■-;':•/ 'its ''i '■■'• *.::■'
MITCHELL— anniversary requiem high ? mass
for the repose of the soul of the late Catherine
• Mitchell will be celebrated TO-MORROW (Satur-
day), commencing at 8:30 o'clock a. if., at St.
! Mary's College, Mission road. Friends and nc
j quaititances are respectfully Invited to attend.
MCDOWELL— In this city, March 4, 1896, WiUlahi
beloved husband of Alice McDowell, a native of
Kentucky, aged 64 years." - •'. '•' ■- - / ; ," •
"JKTFriends l and acquaintances 'are* respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
.' (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. M., from his
. late residence, 3138 a Sixteenth street," thence to
St. , Francis Mission Dolores Church, where a
! solemn ; requiem mass ; will be " celebrated for
; the ;. repose , of :, his : 50u1, ." commencing at 9
' o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
McMAHON— There will be a requiem mass cele-
brated for the repose of the soul lof the late .Mrs.
Elizabeth McMahon at St. Ann's Church, Colma,
San Mateo County, THIS DAY (Friday), com-
H mencing .at .9:30 . o'clock a. m. I Friends and ac-
: quaintances are respectfully Invited to attend.
NOLAN— In Napa, March 3, 1896, John Nolan, a
■; • ■ native of County Carlo w, Ireland, aged 62 years.
NEILL— In this city, March 5, 1896,' Matilda,
I 1 widow of the late Samuel . Neill, a native of .Bel-
> fast, Ireland,' aped 69 y tars and 8 months. A
member of the Third Order of St. Frances. [New
Orleans papers please copy.J •; ;. .' ...
A3*- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late ■
- residence, 627 Jessie .■>. street, thence •to St.
- Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
w'.il be celebrated for the repose of her -soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
- Calvary Cemetery. '.. '-'•■ ■:- / ::-y^ :
ORDEMANN— In this city, March 4, 1898, Ben
Ordemann, a native of Silling. Germany, aged 30
years 6 months and 26 days. , • .
"-.--> Friends and ■ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at •£ o'clock p. . m., from * the Dar-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment I. O. O. F. cemetery. .
OCA AN— ln this city, V March '6, 1896,
James, beloved son of Mary and the late D. J.
O'Callaghan, and brother of | Lizzie, Joseph and
Theresa O'Callaghan and Mrs. William J. Smith,
a native of San Francisco. Gal., aged 34 years.
: o"Noticeof funeral hereafter. ; ■■•
SHUEY— In Oakland, March 4, 1896, Lizzie Lv-
I clnda, beloved daughter of Hettie F. and Henry
W. Shuey, a native of Haywards, Alameda
County, Cal., aged 13 years 5 months and 8 days.
iff Friends and' acquaintances are ■ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. v., from 1 the ■ par-
lors of Albert Brown, 466 Thirteenth street,
■ Oakland. , Interment' Mountain View Cemetery.
STEINER— At Bay View, South San Francisco,
March 5, 1896. Emilie Charlotte Johanna, widow
of the late Emanuel Steiner, and mother of Paul
' : F. E. Steiner and : George, Herman and Chris-
tian Hofstetter. and Mrs. Emily Lafourguette,
a native of Ulm.Wurttemh<?rg, : Germany, aged
70 years 4 months and 29 days. . \, ... 
%g" Friends '• and : acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited *to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
March 8, at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, Bay View, South San Francisco, thence
to St. Paul's Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and'
1 Gough street, where funeral services will be held
:'J at 2 o'clock p. ti. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SIVERW'RIGIIiP— In this city, March 3, 1896,
Frances, beloved daughter of •" Andrew, F. and
' Maggie C. Si venvrieh t, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 10 months and 23 days. . V. '•., . .
STEWART— In this city, March 4, 1896, Alma
I Mary, beloved wife of H. I. Stewart. , ' ; • ; .
■' ,9^-Funeral services will be neld THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. at St. Mary's Ca-
thedral, Van Ness avenue. Friends are respect-
; fully Invited to attend. :.• - -..•.- -
WARD— In this city, March 4. 1896, Michael, be-
" loved husband of Johanna Ward, and I father of
.''William, George, Charles, Stephen and the late
: ; John Ward and the late Mrs. Mury McEvoy, a
native " of Carlingsford,< Casseltown Cooley,
- County Louth, Ireland, aged 65 years. :; . -
■ Friends and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral THIS DAY
I (Friday), at 9:30 ■ o'clock a. m.. from the I par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
: street, thence tost. Patrick's Church for services.
; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •: ; • .;:-■■';••• :
WIGHTMAN-In ' Fresno, Cal., March 3, 1896,
.■; Alexander C. Wlghtman. •■.. "
I UNITED UNDEKTAKE&S' .i *
EMBALMING PARLORS.
r Everything Requisite for First-class Funeral*
;'-;• •" at Reasonable Rates. r
I • ." Telephone 3T67. ' 27 and 2? Flfthjtreet^J^
fe ; McAVOY & GALLAGHER, ; I
FUNERAL DIBKCTORB & EHBA I.M
■;■ tO Vlfth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
; : ;-; ''£•*.} Telephone 8080. { ; ' i
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
' TK SAN MATEO COUNT V*; NON-SECT ABI AW
1 lal4*ont on the lawn plan: perpetual care; Beau*
Ural, permanent and easy of access; see It batata
taylnc a burial place elsewhere.
4^e^U City office, 9 City H»1I At.bo*
1516
GHASTLY DENS
IN CHINATOWN.
Where the Dying and the
Dead Inhabit the Same
Quarters.
THE TAI PENG FONG.
Mongolian Deadhouses Where
Paupers Are Sent to Die in
Horror.
"CHAMBERS OF TRANQUILLITY."
Morgue and Hospital in One— lnterior
Views of Some Chinese Under
takers' Shops.
Chinatown has a dark, tragic picture
upon which the white light ol publicity
has never before been Hashed. It is so
dark, so ghastly in its details that the
most daring Chinatown guide never dares
show it to bis best patrons, or to those
The Deadhouse of the Hop Woh Company, or "Chamber of Tranquillity," on Pacific Street.
"On one ride was a coffin and on either side were trestle beds, one of which contained a Kick man, almost within touch of the corpse."
least inclined to be astonished by the ordi
nary shadowy pictures of the Mongolian
labyrinths.
It is that kind of a picture which de
■lands adjectives in its description, and no
adjective synonymous with ghastly, hor
rible, awful will be too strong for its de
tails.
It is the picture |of the dying and the
dead huddled side by side in one room,
and that a room of filth and gloom and
squalor, a room of ghosts and grinning
skeletons, of rotting human flesh ana tor
turing souls of men suffering more ago
nies before death than Dante conjured up
for the lost souls after death.
These are the Chinatown morgues, or
hospitals, and deadhouses combined. They
are little rooms at the end of long, foul
alley?, where those who are dead and
those who are dying lie together until
their friends ship their dry bones back to
China for burial. Tnere are several of
these places in Chinatown. Primarily
they are Chinese undertakers, but those
who are dying and poor are hauled there
as soon as they become helpless and left
alone in the chamber of horrors until they,
too, become corpses.
Aside from the gruesome horrors of
these dens, there is also a Banitary con
sideration involved. Christian people
will shudder at the inhumanity of the
spectacle, and perhaps steps will be taken
to lesson the tortures of the dying Chinese
pauper.
But if human sympathy and sentiment
should not be strong enough there is the
sanitary aspect of the case, which cries
aloud for the abatement of such a nuisance
as the Chinatown pesthouses. The Board
of Health should act, and doubtless will
when the whole truth is known to them.
The Call has had the matter carefully
and thoroughly investigated by one of the
best authorities on Chinatown in the City.
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report
. ■'"•■' ABSOLUTELY PURE .
The gentleman is well known for his char
itable work, especially in the Chinese
quarter, and it is merely for the sake of
not retarding his usefulness in this direc
tion that his name is omitted here.
It may be obtained, however, by any
City official or member of the Board of
Health who doubt the correctness of the
facts as stated. Recently this pentleman,
accompanied by a Call reporter, made a
tour of Chinatown for the purpose of lo
cating and visiting these "Chambers of
Tranquility," as the denizens of the quar
ter call them. The report of their investi
gations is given in the former's words as
follows:
It is time the attention of the Board of
Health was called to those chambers of hor
rors on Pacific street, euphemistically called
Tai Peng Fong— "chambers of tranquil
ity." Of all the abominations of pesti
lence-breeding holes in that malodor
ous quarter these charnel-houses, are
the climax. No wonder a Chinaman buries
his face in his sleeve and gets a move on
as he passes by at night. He smell ghosts.
We visited these ghoulish hovels a few days
ago. Passing down Jackson street we stopped
to watch a sick Chinaman being carried out of
a basement and dumped with ail his belong
ings into an express- wagon.
"Wha' fo' so fashion?"' I inquired of the
Chinese inmates, already beaming with satis
faction at having rid themselves of a disagree
able burden.
"Oh," said one fellow, "he alia same trump,
he no b'long my take care, send 'in to hospi
tal." We pondered awhile over this reply. A
hospital in Chinatown! Where could it be?
Whoever heard of such a place? The driver
whipped up his horse, and the wagon started
off at a quick pace, the poor wretch inside
vainly endeavoring to steady himself while
being rattled over the rough cobblestones.
Only a Chinese tramp.
Rattle lils bones over the atones,
He's only a pauper that nobody owns."
Curious to know where this so-called Chinese
hospital was situated, we started off on a run
to follow the wagon. It halted near the Chi
nese undertaker's, Man Fook On, at 724 Pacific
street. The poor dying heathen w<is yanked
out of the wagon and carried up a narrow
passage and into a room tn the rear of the un
dertaker's shop. The stench that greeted our
nostrils as the door opened was simply sicken-
ing. It was a smell suggestive of decomposing
human flesh and musty bones. The wagon
quickly deposited its burden and hurried off.
We pushed our way into the dismal den. A
mummy-faced object >ili.nkf><l in the light of
the open door and evidently objected to our
visit. The sick man wns Leung Ah Suey, a
Hoy Ping man. Mid this was the deadhouse of
the Hop 'Won Company. On one side was a
coffin and on either side were trestle beds, one
of which contained the sick man, almost
within touch of a corpse. We lighted a candle
that was on the table and lifted the coffin
lid with a flesh creeping Bensation. Inside
was a dead Chinaman, his face as black
ss a coal. The coffin was stuffed with paper
clothes and other articles supposed to be
needed by the deceased in the world of shades.
The adjoining room was filled with boxes con
taining tne bones of Chinese belonging to the
Hop Woh Company that had been exhumed in
different burial grounds, some having come
from the Eastern States nil scraped, washed,
sorted and labeled ready for shipment to
China, where they would receive proper inter
ment in the sopulcher* of their fathers, and
where those Buddhist and Taoist masses would
be said and sacrifices offered to 6ecure their
peace in the other world.
Some imaginative Chinese boys declare they
can hear these bones rattle every midnight.
Several other charnel-houses were in the same
alley, the one ne~t door south belonging to the
King Yeung Company and one next door north
belonging to the Kong Chan Company. These
other doors were locked, but judging from the
stench that poured through a broken window
of the Kong Chou ossuary worse horrors were
inside than those already described.
In the basement of the undertaker's on Pa
cific street was another row of these "chambers
of peace." Several coffins were here, and
amidst scenes of death was another sick man
groaning upon a bed. An old woman kept the
place, who made her living by waiting upon
the sick and acting as a professional wailer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
over the dead, her lamentations being regn
lated by the amount of money paid her. Far
ther up the street, at 740 Pacific street, was
the deadhouse of the Van Woh or Hakka Com
pany, where a great hullabaloo was going on.
A dead Chinaman was being boxed up while
a Taoist priest was droning forth his liturgies.
On the floor surrounding the coffin were flam
ing wax tapers and several plates of sacrificial
meats, including rice, chicken and a crab,
offered to appease the dead man's ghost.
At 742 Pacific street was another deadhouse,
bearing the eign Tseng Yeonjj Bbo
or "Quiet Nursing Place" of the
?eon« Wah Company. Here again was
the tame dismal hole of squalor, with
beds for the dying and coffins for the dead.
Dying Chinese who have no friends to take
care of them are invariably brought to these
horrible abodes to breathe their last breath,
lonely and forsaken. As long as a Chinaman
is likely to recover, his clansmen will provide
him with bud and food and medical at
tendance in the homes of the living.
But woe to the patient who is without
blood relations. When the native doctor gives
him up. the news spreads. The landlord and
fellow-tenants get alarmed and clamor for his
removal. The room of a dying Chinaman is
supposed to be filled with devils; the tables
and chairs and beds utter mysterious sounds,
which fill the superstitious mind with horror.
There arc certain ceremonies which are said to
drive oft' these diabolical visitors, but they
cost money, and no one will go to this ex
pense on behalf of a stranger. The landlord is
alarmed at the prospect of a general exodus of
his tenar.ts and an empty, haunted house on
his hands. A death happening in his rooms
is sufficient to put his house in ceremonial
quarantine for twelve months. Tne dying man
must be packed off. Where? No hospital in
San Francisco will take him in.
A few years ago the Chinese merchants
raised a lnrge fund to erect a hospital. Plans
were drawn up and submitted to the City
authorities, but for some reason the Chinese
were not permitted to build. Large sums of
money are subscribed by missionary societies
to erect hospitals in China, but there is
no place in the Christian City of San
Francisco where a sick and friendless China
man can breathe his last, except among
coffins and boxes of bones in a Chinese char
nel-house. In some cases they are dumped
into these hideous "chambers of peace 1 ' and
left to die unattended, except a peep now and
then to see when life is extinct. If money is
paid to an attendant to provide gruel for the
dying man it is safe to say that it goes
into the pocket of the hardened rasral, who
spends little time with his charge. Is tnis
stranee? What sensible human being would
think of living half an hour in sucli a death
laden atmosphere? And so the poor wretches
groan and gasp out their miserable lives un
attended and uncomforted. But a Chinaman
has his hopes. He Has no haunting fears of
the great unknown. Resignation is stamped
upon his face. There are good times ahead.
Already the fumes of roast pork and chicken
reach his nose, and soon his ghost shall feed
on the fat of the land. Neglected, and often
brutally treated while life is ebbing away,
his manes will be worshipped to-morrow.
Already the burial sacrifices, paper clothes and
money, are being got ready for poor Leong.
The Six Companies, with a benevolence
which we occidentals do not appreciate, pro
vide for these sacrifices. They cannot be ne
glected. When the unfed ghost of a dead
Chinaman goes on the rampage he simply
raises Cain. Smallpox, fevers and all sorts of
calamities are brought about by unpro
pitiated ghost;. So, after all, the dead pauper
car. be revenged in that sweet by-and-by when
he becomes a god. This is all very well for the
dead Chinaman, but meanwhile what can the
Board of Health do to protect us from pes
tilence while these fetid charnel-houses are al
lowed to remain in the heart of the City?
VERSATILE SPEDON.
Clever Sketches and Impersonations at
the Young Men's Christian
Association.
S. M. Spedon discounted the majority of
popular entertainers.
His vivid imagination, his versatility
and his fluency greatly pleased a large
audience at the Young Men's Christian
Association last evening.
He opened the evening's entertainment
with clever crayon sketches of types like
the street-corner philosopher, the mati
nee girl with a cartwheel hat, the bicycle
girl and the dude. He explained and
illustrated the methods by which news
papers are illustrated. This was followed
by a clever skeich of Mount Hood and
vicinity, after which he drew his concep
tion of the Venezuela situation, and ended
the series of pictures with a fine marine
scene, "The Midnight Arrival."
He gave some iood impersonations of a
society favorite of the masculine gender, an
old gentleman who had attended services
at a fashionable church, ana some National
THE BATTLE FOR
CLEAN POLITICS
Defeat for the Railroad
Forgers and Tricksters
Appears.
MAHONEY REPUDIATED.
The Fourth District Committee
Will Meet and Organize
at Once.
MEMBERS ON THEIR POLICY.
The Victory of John D. Spreckels
Wins Him Many Adherents
and Congratulations.
The regular Congressional committee of
the Fourth District, elected night beiore
last by the votes of seven of the eleven
members of the State Central Committee
representing that district, will meet for or
canization to-day or to-morrow and will
then proceed to formulate a plan for the
primary election for delegates to the State
Convention.
Meantime, the executive committee of
the State Central Committee will hold a
meeting. A call for "an important meet
ing" of the committee to be held at the
rooms of the State Central Committee at 8
p. M. to-day, has been issued by Chairman
P.B.Cornwall. The specific purposes of
the meeting have not been stated, but it
is supposed that some measures relating to
the Fifth and Fourth Congressional
districts will be offered.
The machinations of the railroad politi
cians are becoming more clearly apparent
in the affairs of the Fourth District espe
cially. It was the railroad influence that
manipulated the underhand proceedings
which resulted in the snap meeting of Sat
urday night in the private rooms of
Senator J. H. Mahoney in the Baldwin
Hotel at which, wiih the aid of a forged
proxy, a Congressional committee pre
pared beforehand was named as the com
mittee which should represent the Repub
licans of the Fourth District, and control
the State interests of the Republican party
in that district.
This railroad Bcheme has already re
ceived its death blow by the revelation of
the forgery of the proxy of GusLave Mel
sing, which gave the necessary majority,
and by the attendant revelations of the
tricky manner in which the meeting was
called by Senator Mahoney and Martin
Keily. arid the cut-am 1-dried programme
which was carried through by a vote of
six to four.
A majority of the Republicans of the
City who have no sympathy or patience
with Martin Kelly politics, and who are
not ready to recognize the right of Martin
Kelly, Senator Mahoney and others of
their type to control the "party in the in
terests of the railroad company, have al
ready repudiated as far as they might the
snap proceedings of last Saturday night.
They recognize the legality, fairness and
decency of the meeting and action of a
majority of the State Central Committee
of night before last; the fact that the com
mittee then created is the only one which
has a legal standing in the party organiza
tion; that it is representative of the lie
publicans of the whole district, and that
it was appointed and will act in the inter
ests of clean politics, fairness to all Repub
licans and party harmony.
The disgraceful forgery of Gustave Mel
sing's proxy last Saturday night, an un
scrupulous political trick of the sort sol
<lom practiced in planes above the conten
tions of district primary politics, will uot
clown. The criminal trick was perpetrated
by men assuming initial control of the
National Republican political interests of
the Fourth Congressional District. The
fact that the majority necessary for the
appointment of a committee was secured
through this foreery is a clear-cut tiling
that will remain the chief feature of the
history of that snap meeting of Saturday
night.
Jacob Snaten, who was induced to attend
the meeting and vote the proxy of Mr.
Melsing provided for him, now vigorously
repudiates his share of the proceedings on
the ground that he voted the proxy inno
cently, accepting without knowledge or
question the assertion that it was all right.
He has since learned of the forgery and
yesterday declared that he was made the
victim of a small and dirty political trick,
and that he was innocently made the tool
of others.
The regular Fourth District Congres
sional Committee, composed of Nicholas
Ohlandt, Louis Pockwitz, George Rode,
C. C. Bemis, R. Rasmussen, F. Arata and
Henry Leffmann, will meet for organiza
tion to-day or to-morrow. Yesterday the
members of the committee received the
following notice of appointment signed by
Thomas C Duff, chairman of the meeting
of the members of the State Central Com
mittee from the Fourth District:
San Francisco, March 5, 1896.
You are hereby notified that at a regular
meeting of the members of the Republican
State Central Committee for the Fourth Con
gressional District, held on March 4, 1890, in
pursuance of the resolution of the Republican
.Slate Central Committee adopted at its regular
meeting on the 29th day oi February, 1896,
for the purpose of selecting the com
mittee of seven persons resident in said
Fourth Congressional District in whom should
be vested the powers and duties provided for
in said resolution, you were duly and regularly
selected and appointed as one of the said com
mittee of seven persons and in-vested with the
aforesaid powers and duties; and you are fur
ther hereby notified that the other members of
said commutes selected and appointed to act
and serve as your col leaeues thereon are the
following-named gentlemen, viz: Lonis Pock
witz, George Rode, C. C. Bern is, K. Rasmussen,
F. Arata arid Henry Lefferman.
C. 0. Bemis of this committee, well
known as a leadine Montgomery-street
real estate man, said yesterday that he
would accept the appointment.
"i consider it an honor to represent the
Republicans in 9ucli a capacity in a year
so full of hope and importance to tho
party as this one," he said, "and I shall
certainly perform the duties devolving
upon me with a spirit befitting the office.
"I certainly have no doubts about the
lepality and authority of the committee of
which I am a member, and few fair
minded Republicans whoso minds and
consciences" rise above the political
methods which have come to be caHed
'Buckley methods' could have any such
doubts. My only interest is to see the
affairs of the party conducted with fair
ness, decency ana succees, and I know
that such is the spirit of this committee.
"I shall be very much disappointed if
the committee does not rise a little above
the plane of petty political tricks and con
duct the affairs of the party intrusted to it
in a broad, honest and* dignified way
which will win the respect and confidence
of the community and conserve the high
est and best interests of the party."
Louis Pockwitz, another member of the
committee, has not recently been as prom
inent in political affairs as he was. some
years ago when he served several terms as
a member of the County Committee, but
he is an old, well known and respected
business man and Republican.
"I have not conferrea with any other
members of the committee," said Mr.
Pockwitz last evening, "and so can say
nothing as to any action the committee
may be likely to take, but I will say that
what I want to see is the party
harmonized and successful. The trouble
now is that a few men are trying to
run the party in the interests of the rail
road and boodle. They are getting Mar
tin K«lly to help them. ' I've known that
man twenty-five years, and I know that
he has always been an unprincipled
loafer and a trickster. lam sure that this
committee will do anything it can do
honestly and fairly to produce harmony
and to give every voter in the party an
equal voice and vote in its affairs."
It was intimated yesterday by friends of
Senator Mahoney and Martin Keily that
the proxy of Supervisor E. C. Hughes,
voted by John T. Dare at the meeting
night before last at 850 Market street, was
not entirely regular itself. Mr. Hughes
put an effective quietus on those indefi
nite hints.
•'Yes, I gave my proxy to John T. Dare,"
he declared last evening, "and 1 am sure
he made proper use of it. All I know
about the proceedings of the meeting I
have learned from the papers, and Ido
not care to discuss the situation, but I cer
tainly would not give my proxy to any
body whom I could not trust to make
proDer uso of it. I gave my proxy in good
faith, I believe it was voted in good faith,
and everything is all right as Jar as I am
concerned."
The victory of John D. Spreckels in be
half of political decency and over the rail
road tricksters has won for him many new
political friends, many congratulations
and many new supporters of his political
leadership. On the other hand, many
Republicans interested in the success and
good name of the party have this week
renounced and condemned the factional
manipulators whose methods have been
so early exposed and who have started in
to drag the local party through the mire
to C. P. Huntington's feet.
Thomas W. Chandler of the Forty-fifth
district was one who yesterday reversed
his political affiliations, condemned the
methods of the railroad faction and gave
his adherence to the methods and prin
ciples advocated by John D. Spreckels.
IN THE THIRD DISTRICT.
Commltteemen Will Meet tn This
City Saturday to Decide on
Procedure.
Oakland Office Sak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 5. f
The new Third Congressional District
Committee will meet next Saturday in
San Francisco to decide whether or not
primaries shall be called or whether ward
clubs shall appoint the delegates. The
new committee was appointed by the
State committeemen from the various
counties, who concluded that there was no
Congressional district committee in exist
ence and so they appointed themselves.
There is rnnch doubt as to what became of
the last comm ittee. According to some a
resolution was passed at the last district
convention deciding that the chairmen of
the different county committees should
constitute the Congressional committee
for the purpose of preserving its existence
till itsiservices should be again required.
There was some doubt as to whether
this applied to the individual chairmen
or was intended to apply to their suc
cessors. Several of the county commit
tees were reorganized and the Congres
sional committee was lost sight of. Dur
ing his last campaign Hilborn appointed
an auditing committee, in accordance with
the purity of election law, and this was
the only committee known to be in exist
ence. This was ignored by the State Cen
tral committeemen from the Third District,
and they appointed "themselves. This is
the view taken by Editor Frank A. Leach,
but he is not certain of the meaning or
scope of the resolution appointing the
county chairmen.
.The new committee met after the State
Central Committee last Saturday and ap
pointed E. K. Taylor of Alameda as
chairman and Senator Guy C. Earl as sec
retaiy. It was decided not to discuss
whether or not a primary should be called,
as there was not a full attendance, so an
adjournment was taken to Senator Earl's
office, 532 Market street, when the ques
tion will De decided.
George Morrow, one of the com mittee
men, was seen to-night at Temescal. "So
far as we know," said Committee man Mor
row, "there was not any Congressional
committee in the Third District. If there
is one there is not the slightest possibility
of it making any opposition in the face of
the action taken last Saturday. There is a
difference of opinion about the calling of
primaries, some want them and others
do not. I favor open primaries
for this county, but I do not
know how my colleagues stand. Some
of the committeemen may desire that
the ward clubs appoint the delegates, and
it will probably be left to the discretion of
the State committeemen in each county.
There is absolutely no dispute as to the
legality of our existence as the Third Con
gressional District Committee. I might
say, also, that I do not think we shall
again nominate Mr. Hilborn."
CHIEF CROWLEY'S THANKS
He Writes a Warm Letter of
Appreciation to Dr. Thomas
Filben.
No Communication Received During
His Term of Service Had So
Encouraged Him.
Dr. Thomas Filben is one of the warmest
admirers of Chief Crowley and his policy.
He wrote a letter of condolence and praise
to that official on Monday, in response to
which he received the following yesterday :
Office Chief of Police, (
San Francisco, March 3, 18!>6. {
Rev. Thomas Ftlbcn, D.D., Pastor First ML E.
Church— My Dear Sir: Your very kind and
sympathetic letter was handed to me last even
ing.
The expressions of consolation for the loss of
my son were such as only a father and a friend
could give expression to. Couchea in such
language as you have written them I find it
difficult to convey my feelings in return.
Kiiring ray many years of public service I as
sure you I have never received any communi
cation which has afforded me so much pleas
ure and encouragement, and, coming from one
who has been so thoroughly identified with re
form work in our City as you, your words of
confidence in my administration aud the
effective aid you and yours have received from
the Police Department in your labors in rela
tion to the work of reform now in hand are
such as not only encourage an official in the
discharge of his duties, but they, moreover,
tend to smooth the roughness met with in the
paths of the journey of life.
In conclusion, I desire to assure you that my
endeavors in the future, whether in an official
capacity or that of a citizen, shall always be
on the'side of good* government; and at all
times do not hesitate to call on me for assist
ance in the work of you and your associates.
If at any time such assistance should not be
as effectual as should be desired, I will deem it
a favor if you will communicate with me, and
if it is within the possibilities the remedy will
be applied to your entire satisfaction.
Again thanking you for your kind words of
sympathy, confidence and encouragement, I
remain, very respectfully,
P. Crowlky, Chief of Police.
Alice Edith Blythe Arrested.
Alice Edith Blythe, who was a claimant in
the Blythe estate as the widow of the de
cedent, was arrested on Turk street last night
by Policeman Livingston "for being 'drunk.
She: was. very abusive toward the r ; police
man, and he ; charged her >.' with h using
vulgar language. About six months ago she
was arrested for being drunk, and at that time
a - friend > ad ?„• her placed :in the Home •■ for
Inebriates. : She ■, has been arrested at different
times on the same charge.;
;: :,"v-::-;:'->:»-.; — — -: ' . ■• r :
Bush-Street Temple.
Rabbi Fryer will deliver his first German lec
ture at the Bush-street Temple to-morrow
morning. It promises to be a treat. Services
commence at 10 o'clock. The public is cor
dially invited to attend.
Colonel Andrews is still selling sterling
silver at 95 cents per ounce and diamonis at
25 per cent below cost. Store to rent and ele
gant fixtures for 6ale. Diamond Palace. 221
Montgomery street. •
THE FAST CYCLE RACERS.
All the Speedy Men Compete at
the Pavilion Tourna
ment.
AN IMMENSE AUDIENCE.
Wells and Edwards Won the Mile
Events, and the Ten-Mile Was
a Dead Heat.
The great seven-days' indoor bicycle
racing tournament and cycle show opened
last night at the Mechanics' Pavilion, and
if the attendance at the opening night is
any criterion of the success of the meet, it
is assured. The stands and galleries were
packed with spectators, and in the aisles
and around the various cycle exhibits one
had to move slowly or not at all.
The races were run off witn a snap and
vim which reflected great credit on the
riders and the officials who had charge of
them.
Nearly all of the exhibits were in place
last night, and most of them are remark
able for the taste and elegance displayed
m fixtures and decorations. There are all
sorts of bicycles displayed, from a single
to a six-seater, the latter attracting as
much attention as a prize racer at a horse
show.
In the handling of the races there was
little to be wished for. The timing was
perfect, the starting and judging good, and
Announcer Knapp, with his immense
white "knapaphone," or speaking trumpet,
was vory much in evidence.
A great deal of enthusiasm attended the
running of the races. All the clubs were
there in full force, and as their respective
riders won a heat or a race they would
give their club yells with a vim which
insured sore throats this morning. The
Acme and Reliance clubs of Oakland, the
Bay Citys, Olympics, Garden Citvs, Cali
fornias. Imperials, Ban Franciscos, Libertys
and other smaller clubs were present en
masse and vied with each other in the
loudness of their calls ana enthusiasm.
There were a great many ladies in the
audience, all of whom seemed to have
favorites among the racers, and those who
did not chose the one most to their liking,
and applauded his efforts by waving their
kerchiefs energetically.
The first of several high-grade bicycles
offered by the management of the tourna
ment as gate prizes was won by the holder
of ticket 1875.
The first race of the evening was the
mile invitation, divided into four heats,
the first in each heat to qualify for the
final. The first heat came near resulting
in a great upset for the favorite, Charles S.
Weils, the 200-pound champion of the Bay
City Wheelmen. He had the pole up to
the sixth lap, when Russell Cushinsj, a San
Jose flyer, spurted to the front and it was
nip and tuck between them to the tape,
where Wells barely won, amid sjreat ap
plause, in the fast time of 2 minutes 32
seconds.
in the second heat Hardy Downing of
the Garden Citys, R. H. Long of the Bay
Citys and W. W. N'eedham of the Olym
pics started. They exchanged setting
pace all the way and fought it out at the
finish, Downing winning by several yards,
Long second, Needham third. Time, 2
mins. 35 3-5 sees.
T. A. Griffiths, Hay City; F. M. Byrne,
Imperial, and H. W. Squires, Accrue, start
ed in the third heat. There was a great
surprise in store for the crowd at the fin
ish, for every one familiar with the abili
ties of the men thought the race lay either
with Griffiths or Byrne; but Squires out
spurted tuem both at the finish, winning
handily in 2:24.
There were three men in the third and
last heat — William Yeoman, Reliance;. J.
E. Edwards, Olympic, and N. Ackerman,
San Francisco Road Club. The heat was
won by Yeoman, who barely beat out Ed
wards right at the tape. The time was
2:28 3-5.
There were over thirty entries for the
mile scratch, open, and the race was
divided into nine heats and three semi
finals, not more than three or four start
ing in each heat. G. H. Crafts of the
Acme Club won the first in 2:34. Frank
M. Byrne, the pride of the Imperial Club,
took "the second heat easily in 2:32 1-5.
The third heat went to E. Languetin, Bay
City. Time, 2:412-5.
There were four starters in the fourth
heath, and J. E. Edwards of the Olympics
passed his three competitors at the finish,
winning in 2:35 1-5. The fifth went to
Charles M. Goodwin, San Francisco Road
Club, in 2:24 4-5. He surprised the crowd
by beating C. If. Smith, Garden City, and
S. B. Vincent, Bay City, who were picked
for first and second places, respectively.
H. B. Freeman, Bay City, had tnings
about his own way in the sixth heat and
won it in 2:31 2-5. In the seventh heat
Tony Delmas of the Garden City Club
came first, but he had to work hard for it,
as his competitors pressed him hard at the
finish. The time was 2:43.
The eighth heat brought out a trio of
crack sprinters— Wells and Hall, the Bay
City fliers, and Yeoman, whom the Re
liance Club men look upon as their best
man. They alternated pace all the way,
and in a beautiful sprint at the -finish
Wells won out, beating the others only by
inches. The Bay City contingent in the
grandstands went wild over their favorite's
victory. Wells' time was 2 :4l 3-5.
George W. Tantau, Olympic, took the
ninth heat in 2:40 4-5 after a very pretty
contest with T. L. Alborelle and N. Acker
man.
To give the riders a chance to rest, and
as a pleasing variety, the management
next put on two Chinese races, distance
unlimited and names of riders unknown,
though Announcer Knapp stated they
were One Lung, Hop Sine and Chew Gum
in the first heat. They were far from in
experienced, and th« winner. Chew Gum,
made the mile in 2:45. The race was very
amusing, and kept the spectators in roars
of laughter.
There were two in the second race, Pitty
Sing and "Rain-in-the-Face." This heat
was, if possible, more amusing than the
first. One of the celestials had on a racing
suit and was mounted on a light wheel,
while the other wore his ordinary clothes
and his bike could not have weighed less
than fifty pounds. Though so heavily
handicapped, however, he made a game
race of it, and was only beaten a couple of
laps. Tinier Wetmore said the time was
3:oti 4-5, and the other timers concurred.
The next race, and one which Droved
the most hotly contested of the evening,
was the final of the one mile invitation,
those who had qualified in their heats be
ing C. 8. Wells, Bay City, H. Downing,
Garden City, H. W. Squires, Acme, and
"William Yeoman, Reliance. Downing did
most of the pace-setting, with Wells,
Squires and Yeoman trailing him in the
order named. Wells went to the front on
the sixth lap, but Downing would not give
him the pJace, and they fought it out to
the tape, Wells winning by barely a
wheel's length, Squires third, Yeoman
fourth. A blanket would have covered
the four as they crossed the tape. Wells'
time was 2:30 1-5.
The winners of the first three heats of
the mile scratch open were then brought
out as, owing to the number of heats, it
was necessary to run the race off in three
semi-final heats. Crafts, Acme, Byrne,
Imperial, and Languetin, Bay City, rode
the first, Byrne winning in 2:312-5, though
his lead over the other two at the tape
was only a few inches.
Edwards, Olympic, Goo.dwin, San Fran
cisco Road Cub, and Freeman, Bay City,
had qualified for the second semi-final.
They fire a fast trio of sprinters, and cut
out a lively pace from the start. Goodwin
stole a march on the sixth lap and secured
quite a lead, but the others soon overtook
him and he was Passed a few yards from
Jcratcb "by Edwards and Freeman in the
order named. Time, 2:33 3-o.
qSiffedVor the last semi-tinal, but igl
did not start, as he was somewhat tired
from the effort required jo win tepre
vious races. Tantau took first place, with
Deln.as close "up at the hmsh. lime,
~'\fter"a short rest the winners of the
three semi-finals, Byrne, Imperial, and
EdTards and Tantau, Olympic, started for
the linal of the one-mile scratcn open.
Referee Welch put a time limit on the race
of 2:30. Edwards set all the pace for tne
first six laps, anil beat the others out in a
pretty finish, the time being 2:30 4-o. me
victory was a very popular one, and &a
wards was roundly applauded.
The last race on the programme was the
ten-mile club cup race. This event is to
be run in five heats and a final, one for
each night of the tournament except Sun
day. The clubs and riders entered in the
first heat run last night were: Bay City
Wheelmen, T. A. Griffiths; Reliance Club
Wheelmen, A. M. Boyden; Garden City
Cyclers, Hardy Downing; Olympic Club
Wheelmen, George Tantau. The men
kept well bunched for the entire distance,
and negotiated the miles as follows : First,
3:07; second, 5:52 1-5; third. 8:26 1-5;
fourth, 11:48; fifth, 11:17; sixth, 1«:572-5;
seventh, 19:45 4-5; eighth, 22:34 2-5; ninth,
25:2.5 3-5.
The men livened up the pace consider
ably at about the middle of the last mile,
and a hot sprint marked the finish of the
race. Griffiths led the bunch for three
laps, with the others fighting out every
inch of the way. Downing slipped a pedal
on the last lap and was out of it, and Boy
den was also left behind. This left Griffiths
and Tantau, who tore down to the tape
side by side. The result was very doubt
ful ana the judges decided the race a dead
heat between the two. The time for the
ten miles was 27:57 1-5, which is phenom
enally last.
SUMMARY.
One mile, invitation:
First heat, won by C. S. Wells, Bay City.
Time, 2:32.
Second heat, won by H. Downing, Garden
City. Time, 2:35 3-5.
Third heat, won by H. W, Squires, Acme.
Time, 2:24.
Fourth heat, won by William Yeoman, Reli
ance. Time, 2:28 3-5.
Final heat, won by C. S. Wells, Bay City.
Time, 2:30 1-5. Second, H. Downing, Garden
City.-
One mile scratch, open:
First heat — Won by G. H. Crafts, Acme.
Time, 2:34.
Second heat — Won by F. M. Byrne, Imperial.
Time, 2:32 1-5.
Third heat— Won by E. Languetin, Bay City.
Time, 2:41 2-5.
Fourth heat— Won by J. E. Edwards, Olym
pic. Time, 2:35 1-5.
Fifth heat— Won by C. M. Goodwin, San
Francisco Road Club. Time, 2:24 4-5.
Sixth heat— Won by H. B, Freeman, Bay City,
Time, 2 31 2-5.
Seventh heat— Won by Tony Delmas, Garden
City. Time, 2:43.
Eighth heat— Won by C. S. Wells, Bay City.
Time, 2:41 3-5.
Ninth heat— Won by G. W. Tantau, Olympic.
Time, 2 :40 4-5.
Semi-finals:
First— Won by F. M. Byrne, Imperial. Time,
2:312-5.
Second— Won by J. E. Edwards, Olympic
Time, 2:33 3-5.
Third— Won by G. W. Tantau, Olympic.
Time, 2:33 3-5.
Final— Won by J. E. Edwards, Olympic.
Time, 2 :30 4-5.
Second — F. M. Byrne, Imperial.
Ten-mile club cup race— Dead heat between
T. A. Griffiths, Bay City Wheelmen, and G. W.i
Tantau, Olympic Club Wheelmen. Time,
25 :57 3-5.
The races to-night will be a one -mile
handicap, two-mile scratch, Chinese race
and tne second heat of the ten-mile club
race. There are a great many entries for
each of the events.
NEW TO-DAY.
j/&2t% When any part of,
f\ &*frrf\ the body isn't doing
/'0 v \ 9 ~y''Ti \ the work that nature
/}* .vrv X/ 'm intended it to do, i\
I \j\,y)^\AV\j\ i puts the whole sy3.
* Kit w*2JrC*-> V/awv tern out of tune — out
*" \ <fl WVAiAI °^ harmony. When
l< I rt*t*?wllHli\ not °* k well to
II Iffwflj £ lcr ' none of them
i \ ilmM'liw c ? n work just right,
\ \ 1 IflS Mwi Sickness in one part
\\ V / 1 1 mill Ml of the body is likely,
\\ /1 1 Me> l el to run ' nt " all p art
A\ 1 1 mi llk II oftncbody - Itisnt
Wf \l/Mm\i M I necessary to be sick
\\ 1 1/ Sari M l a^ over t * ie t> od v ' in
\l jf/r£&WAI/ order that you may
fj! Mjngj&y feel sick all over.
j/^fflFfmffl When children stand
a row °^ brick 9 on
end, they knock the
whole row down by upsetting one brick.
That is exactly what happens to the health
when the bowels fail to perform their prop-
er function. Constipation makes trouble
all along the line — puts the liver out of
order, is bad for the kidneys — bad for the
stomach. It holds in the body poisonous
matter* and because it cannot go anyplace
else, it gets into the blood. The blood car-
ries it all over the system. That make*
sluggishness, lassitude, bad breath and foul-
taste in the mouth, fills the stomach with ga»
and causes windy belching, stops digestion •
in the stomach, causes sour stomach, heart-
burn and flatulence. It makes pimples,
and blotches and causes sick and . bilious-!
headaches. Nine-tenths of all human ail-J
ments are due to this one seemingly trivial
cause. Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cur«
constipation. They really cure it. No«
body becomes a slave to the use of the i
"Pellets.". They cause no griping and are
as mild as they are efficient. | At any drug
store. Look out for the druggist who tries
to sell you something which he says is
"just as good." There is nothing just as
good. There is nothing that is nearly as
good. Anybody who tells you there 13 i*
mistaken— or worse. — «^_ ~: ;j
A OREAT nEDICAL WORK FREE.
"We have arranged to give away absolutely fre*
500,000 of Dr. > Pierces great book, "Common
Sense Medical Adviser." It contains 1008 pages, ,
and more than 300 illustrations, some of them ia j
colors. 680,000 copies of it have been sold at th«
" regular price, $1.50 per copy. The profits on this-
immense sale have been used in publishing the
present edition; a copy of which will be sent to
any address on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
cover cost of mailing only. Address World's Di»»!
pensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
A — - ;ar \ I** p^v -■ • - •^^si^V'r\ * V l, ll
$3:§2
Our this week's bargain offerings
, Ladies' French Kid Button Shoe,
turned sole, latest style needle
toe, V-shaped patent tip; cloth or
kid top. Allsiz;s, all widths. You
! can get It elsewhere— for $5.
Mow can we do it?— We own our
store building ; no rent to pay-
enough said. ■ -
1346-1348 MARKET ST.
, i\ OPP. ODD FELLOWS' BUILDING.
.Careful, attention given to Coun ry Orders. "