VOLUME LXXX-KO. 29.
DEMOCRACY NEARING A CRISIS
Threats of Party Leaders
Have Increased the
Bitterness.
SILVER FORCES WILL
NOT YIELD.
Dawn of a Transitional Epcch
for the Party Founded by
Jtffcrson
DISMAL OUTLOOK FOR PEACE
AT CHICAGO.
Western and Southern Men Will Die
tale to New Ergland and
New York.
CHICAGO, 111., Jane With the
. speeding of time toward the day when the
great Democratic National Convention of
1896 will assemble in the Coliseum at Jack
son Park, the sectional feeling within the
ranks of the party is becoming more pro
nounced. It has been encouraged to such
an extent by the threats of leaders of all
- factions that the flames of insurrection in
the Democratic camp may break forth at
any moment. The silver men, who are to
day easy masters of the situation, refuse to
take gold as a remedy for their ills, while
the so-called sound-money economists are
moving heaven and earth to force the
issue to a satisfactory and happy end.
The white metal adherents have raised
the battle-cry that the Ease, which has so
long controlled, the financial destiny of
the country, is determined to continue its
career of domination and coercion over the
South and West, and addresses have been
issued to delegates from the Mississippi
Valley and the States beyond the Missouri
to stand firm until the last shot has been
fired.
But is the hand of the East actually
raised against the West and the South?
That is the question which the wiseacres
of the party are discussing in Chicago on
this quiet Sabbath. The consensus of
opinion is that there is no enmity between
these sections. There is, however, a dif
ference of sentiment on certain great is
sues now betore the country, and this sec
tional and individual thought will cer
tainly find expression at the gathering of
the Democratic boats in the Coliseum next
week. In come breasts the feeling of re
sentment toward the great power of the
fEast is found to be strong, passionate,
bitter; others are generous of mind, mild
of manner and even of temper. Some
even hint at secession. But they are the
thoughtless and irresponsible persons who
know not whereof they speak.
It is only justice to the major portion of
the Eastern people, who are exceptionally
honest in their opinions and convictions,
to say that they have a fair conception of
the vastness and natural wealth of the
great Western empire and the restless en
ergy of its people. They realize the sturdy
character of the men who were the pio
neers of oar Western civilization. They
prais the dauntless courage of the heroes
who explored our mountains and valleys,
tracked our streams, settled our frontiers
and fought our Indian wars. They read j
the stories of romance and adventure so
minutely interwoven with the West but* a
quarter and ball century ago, and then
marvel at the great cities teeming with j
thousands of hustling people that have
sprung up on the Western borders and on
the Pacific Coast in that short time.
j Indeed, the phenomenal growth of the j
West has profoundly impressed the peo- !
pie of the East and they have undimin
lshed faith in its future greatness.
But the financiers of the East argue that I
their confidence in and friendliness for the ]
West must not mislead them to the altar
of the silver calf just because the West de
mands it. They add, with goodness of j
soul, that they will do so just as soon as
the other great nations of the world ac
cept bimetallism, and now that European
monarchs are spending their vacations
reading essays on the double standard
some of the readers of The Call may live
to witness the close of this merry war.
Meanwhile the "honest-money" Demo
crats propose to carry the battle into
Africa if need be to win their point. With
them there is no surrender. While the
Governor Claude Matthews of Indiana, Who Aspires to Head the Democratic
National i icket.
The San Francisco Call.
silver men already claim a Waterloo, the
gold bues are actively hostile. It is cer
tain that neither side will abandon the
field until victory has been won.
Ex-Secretary of the Navy Whitney of
New York will arrive at the Auditorium
on Thursday. He will lead the gold fac
lion. Against him, as the commander of
the silver forces, will be Governor Altgeld,
who is billed to arrive at the Sherman to
morrow. Mr. Harrity, Mayor Quincy of
Boston, who conducted the literary bureau
of President Cleveland's last campaign,
and Benjamin B. Smalley of Vermont are
both coming to Chicago with Mr. Whit
ney.
There is much speculation as to who the
chairman of the National Committee will
name for temporary chairman. The sil
ver men say that any good Democrat who
has not been actively opposed to their in
terests will satisfy them.
Chairman Walsh of the lowa State Cen
tral Committee, whose particular mission
in Chicago is to secure the nomination of
ex-Governor Boies, said it would not make
any difference whether Mr. Harrity favoied
the sound money or silver Democrats; for,
no matter who is temporary chairman, the
majority of the convention will form the
permanent organization after its own
fashion.
"Mr. Whitney may think he is going to
run things in this convention," said Mr.
Walsh, "but he will find out after he has
been in Chicago twenty-four hours that he
has undertaken the most stupendous task
of his life. Everything he has done and
said up to the present time has been cal
culated to excite tbe antagonism of silver
Democrats of the West and South, who
feel that they are standing for a principle.
And in taking Harrity into conference at
his home he is making it apparent that he
is intriguing to secure control of the Na
tional Committee, so that he may name
the temporary officers of the convention.
Harrity can go into that plan if he wishes,
but I will make the prophecy right here
that the National Committee will not at
tempt to check the will of a majority of
the delegates to the convention. If it
does, the convention may take it into its
head to deprive the committee of some of
the powers that are now vested in it. "
"Has lowa any candidate for temporary
chairman?
"That is a matter we have not consid
ered yet. lowa, I think, will not stand in
the way of any good man being named to
preside over the convention until it is
permanently organized, so long as he is a
j good Democrat. Our mission here is to
I secure the nomination of Horace Boies
I for President of the United States."
With this feeling of resentment and an
tagonism in the party it is apparent that
the crisis of a great transitional epoch for
the National Democracy is at hand and
the largest experience and wisdom are in
demand. Frank McGuikk.
BLAND IN THE LEAD.
One Hundred and Six Delegates
Are Instructed for the
Senator.
CHICAGO. 111., June 28.— Sunday was
a quiet day in politics in Chicago, and
news was rather poor picking: — not even
of the spare-rib order — but good. Most of
the Democratic news is being churned in
New York, whose Democracy seems to be
in a rather feverish state, notwithstand
ing all the efforts of Drs. Whitney and
Hill to cure it with a dose of gold.
The handful of delegates here went to
church this morning, and after luncb
were lured to the lake, which is now beau
tifully blue, and found themselves on
steamboats plowing through the water,
with brass bands playing and pretty
girls smiling, so the down-town
hotels and the belated newspaper corre
spondents were left alone in their glory.
It will not be until toward the middle of
the weefc that anything of mucti impor
tance, in a political sense, will be doing
here. We are on the battle-ground before
the hostile armies bave arrived, and we
hear once in a while ihe report of a rifle
from the direction of the picket lines, the
yell of an enraged soldier and the groan of
a wounded one. New York is furnishing
all the yells and groans just now, because
there is a feeling in the air that tne con
vention will be likely to ignore the wishes
or the advice of the Knickerbocker State.
The silver Democrats have a sufficient
number of votes to carry things with a
high hand in the convention, and it is be
lieved that they propose to do business in
their own way without awaiting the
pleasure of New York, which State has
hitherto dominated the Democratic party.
If the silver men believe that it is neces
sary or expedient to repeal the time
honored two thirds vote, which has been
in vogue about a half-century, they will
SAIST FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JUNE 29, 1896.
DOES WILLIAM CANUTE WHITNEY HOPE TO STAY THE INRUSH OF THE SILVER TIDE?
do so. The rule is simply usage, and a
majority at any time may change the
usage. They are not eoing to allow a cold
man to head tt>e ticket, no matter what
contingency may arise, and it seems likely
that Mr. Bland, who has been so promi
nently the champion of silver, will have
the advantage over ail the other candi
dates for the Presidential nomination for
that reason.
The friends of Boies of lowa and Mat
thews of Indiana are putting up a good
fight and are hopeful, but the best infor
mation that I can gather is that Bland is
in the lead, with Boies a good second.
There is also some Cleveland smoke in the
air, and from the large quantity of it I
should judge there was considerable third
term fire behind it.
It will be remembered that Cleveland
has never yet announced himself as being
opposed to the third-term proposition.
He would, of course, be acceptable to Wall
street and the goldbug crowd that fought
against McKinley in the St. Louis conven
tiop, but if bis name ev?r leaves the lip 1 ?
of any of the speakers in the coming con
vention there will be a demonstration the
reverse of flattering to Cleveland and his
friends. That divinity that doth hedge in
a king does not hedge in a President dur
ing hard times and under the baleful influ
ence of a tariff for revenue only. From
all indications, it will not hedge in this
Democratic National Convention.
Such is the temper of the few delegates
here. Such are the forecasts ticked over
the wires from all parts of the Union,
Mr. Bland has 106 delegates instructed
for him, and in this respect he is better off
than any of the other gentlem en who are
named as his competitors. It is under
stood that he is opposed to such a revolu
tionary proceeding as the abrogation of
the two-thirds rule. It will hardly be nec
essary, however, to resort to so violent a
procedure.
Notwithstanding the array of numbers
against them, the gold men are going to
make a shrewd and determined fight
under mask. The scheme is to announce
themselves as bimetallists, and to try to
convince the convention into the adoption
of a plank declaring for bimetallism by in
ternational agreement. This will satisfy
the gold men, and at the same time will
be acceptable to the conservative element
of the silverites— if such an element shall
appear in this convention.
William C. Whitney of New York will
be put forward as the standard-bearer of
the bimetallists, but he has a rocky road
to travel, for the majority sentiment of
the convention is free coinage on a basis
of 16 to 1.
Henry Teller of Colorado does not make
even a ripple on the surface of the politi
cal pool. He has no more chance of a
nomination than a cat in Helvetia without
claws on the smooth side of a glacier.
There are enough rabid silver men in the
Democratic party to choose from without
going over to a shelved Republican or a
raw Populist.
Up to the present writing, the aspect of
things political is thuswise: Bland in the
lead, the silver men in complete control
and the New YorK Democracy in a condi
tion similar to that of the New York Re
publicans in the St. Louis Convention —
without hope and without influence.
Myron D. King, private secretary to
Governor Matthews ot Indiana, is early
in the field in behalf of the Presidential
aspirations of his friend and employer. 1
had a talk with him at the Palmer House
to-day, and found him full of hope, and
energized with a full head of boom steam.
He said, in answer to questions, that sil
ver was going to dominate the convention,
but he did not expect that any of the gold
men would bolt. His confidence in the
true blue Democracy of all the delegates
was such that he felt assured that they
would abide by the will of the majority.
He had heard that the idea of rescinding
the two-thirds rule had been mentioned,
but he was not aware that it was being
seriously considered. Ttfe convention by a
majority vote could make its own rules,
and that matter would probably be the
first to come befcre the convention after
the report of the committee on creden
tials.
Mr. King was of the opinion that the
contest cases would be but few in number.
The most important were between a silver
and a gold delegation in Nebraska, be
tween two silver delegations in Nevada and
a contest in Michiean between silver ana
gold. His latest estimate of the strength
of the two factions was 578 silver and 328
gold; but in case the unit rule should be
broken the silver men will have 610 or 612
votes. It is likely that the unit rule will
be broken, silver being in the majority.
Mr. King did not think that Vice-Presi
dent Stevenson bad any strength. The
men most actively and in
tbe fight were Matthews, Boies and BlanJ.
This was the order in which Mr. King
named them, and he doubtless believed
that thie was the order of their strengtn,
Matthews being his man.
Such are the comforting delusions of
partisanship; and it is well that such de
lusions exist, because otherwise there
would be no battles if one side were bereft
of hope.
"Matthews of Indiana will certainly
have the logic of the situation," remarked
Mr. King cheerfully.
There is no dcubt that Mr. King was
right. Whether victorious or defeated
Governor Matthews will have the logic of
the situation, whatever the well-sounding
phrase may mean.
Chairman Harrity of tbe National Com
mittee will be here on Wednesday, and then
practical politics, as understood by the
Democracy, wilt begin to be done.
Among the guests at tbe Auditorium
are Mrs. Samuel M. Wilson an<l her grand
sou, Samuel M. VV'ilsor', U>it, o: Sr.z.
Francisco. They are on their way to the
East. John Paul Cosgbavb.
"COIN" PLANS A COMBINE.
General Partition of Spoils to the
Factions Opposed to
McKinley.
ASHLAND, Wis., June 28. — W. H.
("Coin") Harvey, in an interview here
yesterday, said:
"I am trying to combine the Democrats,
silver Republicans and Populists, and
have suggested the following plan to the
leaders of tbe parties: For Presidenton the
Democratic ticket "Silver Dollar" Bland
of Missouri. If elected give him the ap
pointment of one Cabinet officer only —
Secretary of State. Let the Democrats in
dorse the Populist nominee fur Viue-I're.-i
-dent on the Populist ticket— Senator Ma
rion Butler of North Carolina. Let. the
Populists indorse the Democratic nominee
for President. Let Mr. Butler, if elected,
dictate the appointment of Secretary of
the Inferior, Secretary of Agriculture, S< c
retary of War and Secretary of the Navy.
Concede to the silver Republicans three
Cabinet positions— Senator Teller of Colo
rado, Secretary of the Treasury; John
Caidwell of the United States Circuit
Court, Attorney-General, and Mayor Pin
gree of Detroit, Posmaster-General.
"The silver cause is desperate, and we
can't beat McKinley unless we combine
as I have indicated, i have suggested the
plan to Altgeld. Bland and other leaders,
but i? has not been made public yet. I
tell the Democrats not to make their plat
form too Democratic. They cannot win
as Democrats, but as a combined Dem
ocracy, Populist and silver Republican. I
am in favor of Bland for President, be
cause his name is a platform in itself, just
as McKinley's name is a whole platform.
"The intention of our forefathers in
establishing our electoral system was that
the electors should be elected as they are
now, and that they should then meet,
and, after discussion, vote for whom they
wished. There is no law compelling an
elector to vole for any man. It is simply
custom. Now I want to tell you that if
the Democrats, Populists and free-silver
Republicans do not get together as I have
indicated they will ultimately combine in
the electoral college.
"The plan I suggest of dividing Cabinet
offices among these parties and of the dis
tribution of Cabinet officers will take care
of eight States. Pinjrree can carry Michi
gan, Teller half a dozen Western States
and Caldwell can carry lowa and the
Southwest. There are 10,000 Republicans
in lowa who want to vote for Caldwell.
There are eight Cabinet positions, and
their distribution in this way beforehand
would carry eight doubtful States for
silver." ,
HARTMAN'S SCHEME.
Would Bind Montana Electoral Can
didates to Vote for Teller
and None Other.
BUTTE, Mont.. June 28.— Congressman
Charles S. Hartman to-day addressed a
long public letter to Senator Lee Mantle,
chairman of the Republican State Com
mittee, outlining bis plan of campaign in
the interest of free coinage, and giving no
tice that he will introduce his plan in the
form of resolutions to the State Conven
tion. After relating his position and the
positions, past and present, of the Repub
lican party on the silver question, he says
he deeply regrets the necessity which im
pels him to decline to aid in perpetuating
the gold standard, with its legitimate and
consequent evils, upon the producers and
wage-earners of this country.
The substance of his plan for Republican
! silver men is to "vote for the electoral
ticket which will, in my judgment, be
nominated to procure the election o*
Henry M. Teller. Mr. TeUer is a platform
in himself. His record as a protectionist
is read with pride by every advocate of the
great principle, and as a leader of the bi
metallic forces he is the natural and log
ical candidate for President.
"I shall present to the State Convention
a resolution instructing the electors nom
inated by it to vote for Mr. Teller for
President and for no other man who is not
in favor of the free and unlimited coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, and also in
structing the present representative in the
| Fifty-fourth Congress that in the event
the election should be thrown into the
House of Representatives, that he shall
vote for Henry M. Teller and no other
man who is not unequivocally in favor of
the free and unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 toL"
Mr. Hartman's plan to keep the silver
Rpublicans within the party lines is vig
oroujly opposed by Hon. Thomas G. Mer
rill, treasurer of the American Bimetallic
Union. Mr. Merrill said in a interview
to-day that it would be the surest way to
throw the election into the House of Rep
resentatives where 28>£ votes would be
caat for a gold standard man and 16 fora
bimetallism and making positive the elec
tion of a gold man.
PANIC VS. NO PANIC.
How Delegate Wallace Views the
Issues Before the Democratic
National Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., June 28.— Hugh C. Wal
lace, delegate at large from the State of
Washington and a member of the Demo
cratic National Committee, who arrived
to-day from New YorK, where he has been
in conference with Mr. Whitney and other
sound money leaders, says:
"The talk of gold men coming to Chi
cago to buy silver delegates is all bosh.
There will be no attempt to coerce nor
will there be any unfair means used.
There will be a host of strong, earnest
Democrats from the East and other locali
ties of National prominence and leader
ship, who will come to dissuade the silver
leaders from party suicide. They will show
conclusively that the adoption of a 16 to 1
platform by the convention will mean an
nihilation of the Democracy of New York,
Connecticut and New Jersey. There are
those who believe these States liave been
tne bulwarks of Democracy in the past and
are ebsential in the future.
"Shpuld the convention adopt a 16 to 1
platform and nominate a silver candidate
it will not be thirty, days before the issue
is clearly defined and reduced to panic vs.
no panic, with the result tbat the com
bined business interests of the country
will be arrayed against that candidate
whose election means panic. No party
has ever succeeded with the business inter
ests of the country arrayed against it. It
la a long time between now and election
and the waae-earners of the country will
have abundant opportunity to reflect
whether their wages shall be paid in fifty
cent dollars."
HOPEFUL FOR SILVER.
Senator Jones of Arkansas Not
Alarmed by the Stand Chair
man Harrlty Has Taken.
CHICAGO, 111., June 28. — Senator
James K. Jones of Arkansas arrived in
Chicago to-day to attend the meeting of
the Bimetallic Democratic Convention
called for Tuesday next. Mr. Jones said
to-niL'ht that, the committee had a great
deal of work before the opening of the
convention.
"The outlook is very encouraging for
the free silver people," he said, "and we
are quite hopeful. It is our desire to sound
the opinions of delegates and take a view
of the situation further before the conven
tion is called to order. The gold element
is well organized. We wish to be pre
pared to look niter the appointment of
committees and see that we get a fair show
in that direction.
"I have read that Chairman Harrity ex
pects to exclude certain silver men from
the convention. I doubt that Mr. Harrity
has made such a statement, but if he has
we wish to know it. Tbe majority of the
National Committee are gold men, but I
do not think they will try to carry the
convention high handed."
WHITNEY A BOODLER.
Governor Altgreld's Opinion of the
Cold Advocates From East
ern States.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., June 28.— 1n re
ply to a question as to what he thought
DEATH IN A COLLIERY SHAFT,
of William C. Whitney's interview of
yesterday on the political outlook, Gov
ernor Altgeld said to-night:
"Nothing. I have nothing to say about
it. I have read it, but do not care to go
into any argument over it. The American
people are not ready to become the vas
sals of the English money-lenders and
their American agents.
"The policy which the Government has
pursued for more than twenty years at the
instance of these Eastern speculators com
pels the producers and consumers of this
country, who bear all its burdens, to give
those English money-lenders $2 worth of
labor, $2 worth of property and $2 worth
of their' life blood for each $1 that they
ever get from those Englishmen. This is
destroying our country, and the Demo
cratic party intends to condemn this
policy in most emphatic terms, and no
matter how much boodle those Eastern
speculators may be willing to spend they are
going to have a very difficult time in try
ing to prevent the party from expressing
its honest convictions on this subject."
PURCHASE OF ST. THOMAS.
One Clause In the St. Louis Plat-
form Causes a Sensation In
Denmark.
LONDON, England, June 28. — The
Times will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Copenhagen saying that the sugges
tion in tbe Republican platform adopted
by the St. Louis convention, that the
United States should purchase the Danish
colonies in the West Indies, creates some
sensation. It is believed that the Ameri
cans covet St. Thomas for a naval station.
The consensus of opinion in Danish cir
cles is that the Government is prepared to
sell at a suitable price.
The Times, in an article which it will
publish to-morrow, will indorse the cur
rency views expressed by the Hon.
W T illiam C. Whitney, but will say it re
gards his threat to secede from the Demo
cratic party as a last despairing effort to
stem the tide of silver sentiment and to
save the situation at the Chicago conven
tion. Possibly, for strict electioneering
purposes, the paper adds, the adoption of
a silver programme at Chicago will be a
good political move, but tbe Democrats
are in a tight corner and are not likely to
triumph in November.
JEROME ROWAN A SUICIDE
The Father of the Actress Who
Challenged Corbett Ends
His Life.
Gives His Reasons in a Letter Which
His Wil w R- loses to Make
Pub'ir.
BATAVIA, N. V.. June 28.— Jerome
Rowan, an ex-banker and father of Miss
Lansing Rowan, a California actress, who
has challenged Corbett to meet her in a
scientific sparring match, committed sui
cide yesterday in a baru in the rear of his
home in this village by shooting himself
through the heart. He left a letter ad
dressed to his wife, the contents of which
she declined to ruakp public.
Mr. Rowan was an eccentric man.
Some are of the opinion that his
daughter's challenge caused the act.
Miss Rowan has made her home with an
uncle in Los Angeles, Cat, since she was a
child. Mr, Rowan was t>6 years of age.
CHICAGO'S BOLD FOOTPADS.
Four Men Raid a Saloon and Attack
the Proprietor and One Is
Wounded.
CHICAGO, 111., June 28.— The thir
teenth hold-up of the series now running
resulted, about 10 o'clock to-night, in the
wounding of Rudolph Stiechel, a saloon
keeper at Kinsie and Leavitt streets,
whom four men attempted to rob, and in
the wounding of one of the bandits, who,
however, escaped with the rest of the gang.
Mr. Stiecliel was< cut about the head by a
wine bottle that one of the robbers broke
on his skull, and as the latter fled the
saloon-keeper, kneeling behind his bar,
hit the robber with a bullet. Frank Keer,
a customer, narrowly escaped death, a
bullet from the robbers revolver lodging
in a watch he carried in an upper pocket
of his vest directly over his heart.
When the bandits fled Officers Gretza of
the Warren-avenue station, Dudley of the
West Chicago-avenue station and* Watch
man Boss of the Panhandle Railway pur
sued them down the Northwestern
tracks, the fugitives finne behind them
and the officers emptying their revolvers
after them. Boss is certain that one of
his bullets hit the smaller of the men, as
he saw him stagger between two freight
cars. Search of the yards by officers failed
to reveal any trace of the wounded man
or his companion.
SIX PERSONS REORNED.
Taeht Capsize* Tturing a Gale on Lake,
ShotP'fno, Wis.
OCONTO, Wis., June 28.— During a gale
which prevailed on Showano Lake last
night a yacht containing nine persons was
capsized, and six were drowned. Their
names are: Margaret Crowe, St. Nazianz.
Wis. ; Mrs. Herman Drackery, Pnlciver,
Wis.; Louis Gokey, Puiciver, Wis.; Mrs.
Louis Gokey, Puiciver, Wis.; Miss Emma
Garbrech', Showauo, Wis.; Mrs. 0. A.
Risurn, Puiciver, Wis.
The party was on its way to the north
shore of the lake for a few days' outing.
The bodies of none of the drowned have
been recovered, as there is still a high
wind on the lakes, which makes it almost
impossible for boats to accomplish any
thing. Searching parties are being organ
ized, and the work of looking for the
bodies will be prosecuted as Boon as the
wind aoates.
Financial A.id for Labor* Caute.
BROCKTON, Mass.. June 28.— The Cen
tral Labor Union to-night voted financial
aid to the Trades Assembly of Kansas
City, to be used by tie Coopers' Union in
its fight against an injunction, said injunc
tion c>eing the ca?e of the Armour Pack
ing Company serving a notice on its fire
men in the struggle for shorter hours and
higher wages.
Wife Murder and Suicide.
NEW LONDON. Cokn., June 28.— James
Romkey last night killed his wife and
then took his own life. They had been
living apart, and although Romkey had
repeatedly asked his wife to return to him
she refused to do so.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Scores of Men Entombed
a Thousand Feet Below
the Surface.
CRUSHED OR IMPRISONED
BY CAVING EARTH.
Walls of a Mine Give Way as
Workmen Are Propping
Them With Pillars.
CUT OFF IN ALL DIRECTION 3
FROM ESCAPE.
Rescuing Parties Have No Heps of
Reaching the Unfortunates
Within Three Days.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., June 28.— The
little city of Pittston is in mourning
to-night as a result of another of the ter
rible mining disasters which have cost so
many lives in Pennsylvania. A large
number of her citizens, variously esti
mated at from 80 to 125, are en
tombed at the bottom of the
Twin Shaft, owned by the Newton
Coal Company, and at a late hour to-night
the prospect of saving the lives of any of
these unfortunate men is exceedingly
slight. Among the victims is M. J. Lar.
gan, Mayor pro tern of Pittston, who was
superintendent of the mine. A number of
minor officials of the company ara also in
the pit. The list of the missing, as nearly
as can be learned, follows:
M. J. Langan, mine superintendent,
Mayor pro tern of Pittston, married,
leaves wife and ten children.
M. F. Lynotte, mine foreman, married,
seven children.
Alexander McCormick, fire boss, mar
ried, ten children.
Thomas Ten penny, assis J **irt fira bow,
married, three children.
Thomas Card on, assistant fire boss, mer
ried, leaves a wife.
John O'Boyle, assistant
children.
Anthony Kane, driver bo- \ single,
Thomas Murphy, driver w«r
Conder McGuire, tracif-lv ■■-.:, ">&■
four children.
John Gill, married, two c
Michael Hughes, night I
ried, one child.
James Dailey, footman.
Michael Conneli, fnotma
John Hart, footman, s:n
M 4>aughan, footman, &
James Golden, married,
James Wall, married, eif
John Kehoe, married, sir. < nidrei,
his son Frank.
Edward Delaney, marric ».r children,
Peter Martin, laborer, si
Martin Gilbride, laborer
Dominick O'Maliey, miu<^, single.
James McDonald, married, two children.
Thomas Barrett, miner, single.
John and Thomas Gaffney, brothers,
former single, latter married, seven chil
dren.
Peter Joyce, laborer, single.
Peter Kelly, laborer, single.
John Sulvester, married, three children.
Patrick Costelio, miner, single.
T. O'Brien, wife.
Timothy Demg, laborer, single.
Patrick Ruane, married, seven children.
James Burke, laborer, single.
Michael Burke, miner, single.
Edward Kildea, married, two children,
Thomas Duewig, laborer, single.
Robert Haston, master mechanic,
single.
Daniel Ward, machinist, married, two
children.
Edward Hughes, married, two children.
Anthony Tollaski, married, one cbild.
Peter Saviski, married, five children.
Andrew Slomaski, married, two chil
dren.
Simon Mascovitz, married, two children.
John Candanish, single.
Anthony Gordon, footman, single.
Owen Lee, door boy.
Daniel Gavin, miner, single.
Michael Ford, miner, single.
John O'Boyle, laborer, single.
J. F. Hart, married, three children.
John Hoistrich, married, three children.
Joseph Zurindo, married, five children.
The disaster, which was at first at
tributed to an explosion of gas, is now be
lieved to have been caused by a general
cave-in on tbe lower levels. It was
noticed several days ago that the rock be
tween the fifth and sixth veins was "work
ing" and since that time a large force- of
men has been at work taking measures to
insure the safety of the mine. About 3
o'clock this (Sunday) morning, without
warning the roof of the level in which the
men were working collapsed with a shock
which aroused every one in the town,
causing them at first to think an earth
quake had occurred. The truth was soon
learned, however, and within two hours
thousands of excited people were gath
ered about the head of the shaft, the rel
ativ sof the unfortunate men below in
dulging in the wildest manifestations of
grief. The women and children who had
lost husbands and fathers were frantic.
But four men escaped from the mine,
and not one of them could tell a connected
story of how the disaster occurred, or what
was the condition of the lower levels. The
work of rescue was begun as soon as possi
ble, but the first four trips made into the
mine were without result. Later a con
ference of mining officials decided on a
more systematic plan, and a large force
was put to work with all necessary appli
ances to endeavor to reach the imprisoned
men. It was found impossible to work
through the mass of debris in the direction
of the regular passaees, and at a late honr
to-night it was decided to drive a gangway
from an adjoining colliery. This will un
doubtedly take several days, and it is
feared tbat in the meantime such of the
unfortunates as were not killed by the
cave-in will perish of starvation.
Nearly all tbe men in the mine were
married-, and some of them have large
families. As stated, the estimate of the2
entombed varies greatly, but the number
is certainly not less than eighty.
There were three separate shocks, ac
companied by rumblings resembling an
earthquake disturbance. They were so
strong as to awaken the peaceful slumbers
ol the people throughout East and West
Pittston. Immediately afterward an alarm
of the most thrilling character took pos
session of the entire population, which was
added to by the wild alarming whistle of
the Twin shaft at Pittston Junction, ac
companied by repeated fire alarms.
Hundreds of people rushed to the Twin
shaft, operated by the Newton Coal Com
pany', from which the doleful alarm came.
They found that the shock was due to an
extensive cave-in, accompanied by an ex
plosion which had occurred in the sixth or
lower vein of the shaft. It was soon
learned that no less than a hundred men
and boys were imprisoned in the pit.
The awiul news spread with lightning
rapidity and by 8 o'clock this morning
thousands of men, women and children
crowded about the head of the shaft, the
women and children particularly express
ing the wildest grief for their loved ones
in the dark pit beneath.
The hour following the alarm was one
long to be remembered by those witness
ing the anxious suspense of tne workmen,
the grief of the friends and the tender
sympathy for the afflicted ones. The
foreign element in particular, in their
piercing haranzues and their wild de
mands for their friends, made the weird
and harrowing sight one of peculiar
solemnity. Efforts were made to quiet
them by tendering the little encourage
ment possible, but unavaiiingly were those
efforts put forth. Mothers, fathers, daugh
ters, sons, brothers and sisters feared the
worst, and upon the first information re
ceived their fears were found to be well
grounded.
The first to come to the surface from
the shaft below after the explosion, which
carried in its wake from the pit solid
volumes of smoke and dirt, was John Gill,
wno had been at the bottom engaged in
labor. The force of the concussion threw
him with terrific force to the wall. More
dead than alive, he crept to the foot, and
with great diflicnlty signaled to the
engineer at the surface to hoist the
carriage. When he was brought up his
stories gave the few bosses present doubt
as to the safety of any of the men or boys
below. From him was secured the first
intormation of the number likely to be in
the shaft. The closest approximation was
that not less than 100 workmen would, or
have, suffered a horrible death.
Just at this period word came from the
pit that men were ready to be brought up.
Momentary only was the hope created, for
when John Riker, a runner boy, Jacob
Adam and FranK Sheridan, company men,
were brought to the surface, they told the
true story.
It appears that sereral days ago the
officials discovered that the rock between
the fifth and sixth veins had commenced
"working,' 1 and to prevent a continuation
of this all Jay Saturday and Saturday
night the full complement of day men and
such others as could be pressed into ser
vice from off the streets were set at work
pillaring and propping the sixth vein, so
as to insure the safety of the men who
were to go to work on Monday. On Satur
day night the regular night force was
working at a point about 3000 feet from the
shaft at the foot of the No. 3 plane, at n
point under what is known as the Flats, a
n.'tle east of the Coxton railroad yard?.
The force was under the supervi»ion of
Superintendent Langan and li is assistant,
Michael Lynott. Orders hp.d gone forth
that about midnight as many men as pos
sible should be sent down to assist in this
t*ing Q rous work, as constant cracking and
splintering o* the roof gave indication
mat the possibilities of danger wem most
strongly founded.
In accordance with this order, between
12 and 1 o'clock Snndav morning about
thirty additional workmen went into the
mine. This new force was placed at a
point beyond that of the light hands and
the news brought to the surface by the
three men ,who may be the only ones to
live to tell the tale, was that all of these
hundred or more men had been caught
and either crushed to immediate death or
imprisoned, to perish slowly by starv
ation.
After hearing this discouraging news
the large throng in waiting became more
demonstrative. It was found to the con
sternation of the workmen present on the
surface tnat all the mine foremen, super
intendents and bosses who had gone to
supervise the work had been caught below.
This left the work of relief without sys
tematic head, but the rescuers, providing
themselves with safety lamps, hurried on
the mine carriage and four were lowered
a thousand feet or more to the mission of
relief. They were: John Doyle, John
Daley, Charles McDonald and James Ten
yon.
After half an hour of suspense they re
turned with expressions of discouragement
and the sad story that the c«ve-in had
become more extensive; that the search
ing party faced great dancer and that
the fate of the unfortunate men could not
be learned.
With no delay, however, they went
down with other men and again made
heroic efforts to obtain information, but,
battled and discouraged, were compelled
to return.
For a third time (now 2 p. m.), with more
ratn, they went beneath the surface into
the pit and tried by the counter gangway
to reach, by a circuitous route, the unfalP
tunate prisoners. After a journey of
nearly a thousand feet they met obstruc
tions Innumerable, the force of concussion
having created disastrous havoc, brattice
work, pillars, air conduits, doors, cars and
top rook being piled promiscuously so as
to interfere with all efforts that could be
made by any human being. Then, to add
to the trouble, gas had accumulated in
such quantities as to endanger any efforts
to reach the imprisoned miners. Not
daunted by these obstacles, they again in
effectively tried their last resource to re
lieve and recover the men.
General Manager John H. Law, who has
been seriously ill for some time, arose
from bed and untiringly worked to give
direction to the work of rescue. Special
messengers called to the shaft all of the
company's workmen. It was certain that
the mine was stil! caving in near the foot
of the shaft, thereby endangering and
making it practically impossible to con
tinue the labor without propping up tha
way as the rescuers went in. Carriaee
after carriage of props were sent to the
bottom, and, under charge of Foreman
Eaean of the Phoenix mine, Mr. Maloney
of the Raven shaft and Mr. McMillan of
the Barnum shaft, much progress was
made in this work, and soon the imminent
danger was prevented and fifty men were
pushing their way to the foot of No. 3
plane, the scene of the extensive cave-in.
Soon word came up that the mules were
alive, and this fact gave the anxioua
watchers encouragement, lending beliel
to the impression that the explosive
sounds heard were due to no pas explo
sion, but only to the rush of air created by
the sudden caving of the earth. The sup
position that a gas explosion had occurred
was later in the afternoon refuted em-
by General Manager Law. The
hopes of life for the imprisoned men, as a
result of the discovery of the unharmed
mule?, were again shattered by later dis
coveries.
At 6 o'clock this eveninjr the aspect was
decidedly gloomy. Mine Inspector Mc-
Donald is on the ground and went to the
foot of the sha ft, where he made a roost
thorough investigation. He used the
knowledge gained by twenty-five years' ex
perience and determined that no rescue
could then be made. He confirmed the
stories of his predecessors in the work of
rescue. The fanhouse had not suffered
any injury, and so far as travel was pos
sible the air currents were perfect. This
fact gave hope to the management that a
sufficient volume of air could be forced to
the rear of the cave-in by sending it in a
roundabout way.
A consultation of the leading mine su
perintendents of Lackawanna and Wyom
ing valleys was held this afternoon. Re
ports by experienced foremen who had
siade these rescuing trips were listened to.
The fear was expressed that possibly the
Susquehanna River, near by the cave,
was running into the mine. This, how
ever, was merely supposition, as nothing
inside justified the opinion. The pump in
this locality is under the cave and its work
is entirely prevented.
At the meeting the possible number of
imprisoned men was mentioned, but this
question is wholly a problem, as the entire
force of bosses and company men — in fact
ail from whom this information could be
derived — are in the pit below. For this
reason the subject of the missing ones is
entirely conjectural.
At 11 o'clock to-night a force of sixty
men from neighboring collieries went into
the shaft to aid the rescuing party. They
will stay until morning. The men are all
old, experienced miners.
At midnight, after looking over the sit
uation carefully, the leader of the rescu
ing party decided the best thing to
do was to drive a gangway through
the coal from the Clear Spring
colliery adjoining into the Twin
shaft, where it is possible to locate tLe
men. The wcrk was at once begun, and is
being pushed with all the speed possible.
This task, however, will consume three or
four days. In the meantime the work will
be pushed by the rescuers in the Twin
shaft. It is now the opinion of the most
able miners that it will take several days
to find the entombed men.
At 12:30 a. m. a gang of men belonging
to tlie rescuing party which went in at 6
o'clock last night came to the surface and
reported that they were making headway,
though it was slow work. The roof con
tinues to settle and more or less danger is
present. They are within 800 feet of the
cave-in. Gas appears to be accumulating,
which makes the labor difficult aud delays
the work to a great extent. No hopes are
now entertained for the safety of any of
tlie men.
STRUCK BY A TORNADO,
Two Persons Killed in the Lit
tle Town of West Louis
ville, Illinois.
Church, Academy and a Great Many
Resid?ncrs ana Outbuildings
Demolished.
CHICAGO, 111., June 28.— A special
from Owen«boro, Ky., says: West Louis
ville, a Jif tie town near here, was struck
by a tornado at 2:30 o'clock yesterday.
The house of C. L. Clark was wrecked and
Miss Pearl Hicks, who was visiting there,
instantly killed. Ciark was knocked sense
less and will die.
Bt. Alphonsns Catholic Church at Bt.
Joseph was completely destroyed. A
many residences and outbuildings
were destroyed or badly damaged. St.
Joseph's Academy was also destroyed.
It is impossible to get a complete list of
the injured. The cyclone struck the town
not far from the place where it struck in
1890, but did not extend to the business
portion of the town.
KILLING OF AN OFFICER,
Shot by a Colorado Springs
Hackmao, Whose Arrest
He Attempted.
Being CloseJy Pursue!, the Assassin
Shoots H.msMf Through
the Head.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June 28.—
Police Officer Frank Bish was shot and
almost instantly killed at 10:30 to-night
by Pat Kinney, a driver for a iocal trans
fer company. Kinney was so closely pur
sued that he turned the revolver upon
himself and blew a hole through his head,
dying instantly.
Kinney and a partner named Edwards
were caught acting in a suspicious manner
in the rear of the Daily Gazette building,
and were ordered to halt by Officer Bish.
Kinney drew his pistol and shot the orti
certhrough the body.
A short time ago Police Officer Agard
was attacked and seriously injured by two
men who succeeded in escaping. De
velopments to-night point to the lact that
Kinney and Edwards were Agard 's as
sailants. Edwards was arrested while es
caping from the alley.
RETURNER TO HIS DEATH.
fate of a Mexican Uottble Murderer Who
Had J' led the Country.
BT. LOUIB, Mo., June 28.— A special
from Saltillo, Mexico, says: Emilio Lo
dermo, a ranchman living south of here,
killed his brother and sister-in-law three
years ago and tied the country. Nothing
was heard from him until two days ago,
when he returned to the scene of his
crime. Before he could be arrested he
was met by a brother of the murdered
woman and shot to death.
fought to o, Hrnw for a Girl.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Juns 28. — Earnice
French and Will Hoeponer, prominent
young mpn of Eau Claire, in love with the
same girl, fought for her hand to-day
before ?ixty people at \Vheaton Mill, Chip
pewa County. They stripped and foueht
with four-ounce uloves, the mill being de
clared a draw after seven rounds. Neither
man couM stand up without effort when
the contest ended.
fatal J-alt of an Aeronaut.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., June 28.—An
drew Cole, an aeronaut, who has been giv
ing a series of ascensions at North Park,
fell from his balloon this afternoon and
died from the effects of his injuries this
evening.
Ravages of Cholera in Egypt.
CAIRO, Egypt, June 23.— The. official
cholera statistics show that during the
past week there were 1328 new cases of the
disease reported and 10U1 deaths.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 2£, 1896.
GOSSIP OF THE
GERMAN CAPITAL,
Prince Yon Hohenlohe Is
About to Resign the
Chancellorship.
A GRAND DUKE'S SPEECH
Its Vigorous Loyalty Commented
Upon Throughout the
Empire.
FUGITIVE LAWYEE CAPTURED
Eanished Prom Germany, He Will
Make His Home in the United
States.
BERLIN, Germant, June 28.— At the
close of the debate on the question of the
second reading of the Government's civil
code bili in the Reichstag yesterday Prince
Hohenlohe, the Imperial Chancellor, made
an important announcement in relation to
the existing prohibitory regulation* in re
gard to political associations havine ram
ifications with each other. The Socialists,
upon whom these prohibitory regulations
have been especially operative, bad moved
the repeal of the measure, but the cham
ber would not assent to its abrogation.
Prince Hohenlohe stated that the debate
need continue no further, as modifications
of the prohibitory measures, which were
tantamount to their repeal, were already
under consideration by the Bundesratb.
In the talk in the lobbies yesterday the
matter of Prince Hohenlohe's early retire
ment from the Chancellorship was re
vived, and members of the Reichstag who
are associated with the Chancellor's inner
circle affirmed that it was absolutely cer
tain that he would resign within a very
short time. Indeed, they asserted the
Chancellor was only awaiting the passage
of the civil code bill when he would hand
his resignation to the Emperor. Count
Philip Eulenberg, German Embassador to
Austria, who is a close personal friend ot
the Kaiser, Prince Furstenburgand Prince
yon Hatzfeidt zu Trachenburg are men
tioned most prominently as candidates for
the succession. The claims of Count
Eulenberg are based wholly upon the
favor of the Emperor, and Prince Fursten
burg, although recovering from his attack
of eout, is said to have disclosed to his
physicians a tendency to diabetes, which
would render the active performance of
the duties of Chancellor a source of danger
to him.
According to the court circle the Kaiser
recently communicated with Prince yon
Hatzfeidt zu Trachenburg expressing his
intention to appoint the Prince to the
office of Chancellor of the empire, to which
the latter replied that he did not feel suf
ficiently energetic to undertake the ardu
ous duties of the post. The Emperpr, ac
cording to the authority quoted, rejoined
by saying that the Prince's energy would
develop once he had assumed the office,
but it is understood that the Prince is still
begging off, and it is generally believed
that his reluctance to take the office is
genuine.
The newspapers throughout Germany
are quoting and commenting upon a nota
ble speech recently delivered by the Grand
Duke of Baden upon the occasion of his
inauguration of the ceremonies marking
the twenty-fourth anniversary service in
memory of the soldiers of Baden who were
Killed in the war of 1870. The speech was
clearly in response to the remarks of
Prince Ludwlgof Bavaria at the dinner
piven to the German Princes by the
Deutsche Verein at Moscow upon the occa
sion of the coronation of the Czar, when
the heir apparent to the Bavarian throne
protested against being alluded to as a
member of the suite of Prince Henry of
Prussia, and declared that he was an ally,
not a vassal of Germany, and was aiso in
tended to rebuke those who have taken
part in the consequent particularist dem
onstrations in the South German States.
The Grand Duke in the course of his re
marks said:
"What ought to be the practical out
come of the celebration in honor of the
foundation of the empire? We must
swear to maintain it and must be ready to
engage in a struggle not only against
foreign enemies but against internal ene
mies. I wish to hold fast to German
unity."
The Grand Dnke concluded his remarks
by calling for cheers for the Kaiser.
Th« trial of the Berlin lawyer, Fritz
Friedmann, who absconded some months
ago, leaving debts aggregating large sums,
and was subsequently arrested In France
and brought back to Germany, has been
the talk of society during last week. The
crowds which packed the courtroom were
openly in sympathy with Friedmann, and
were largely composed of his former
friends and old clients who were extricat
ed from trouble at one time or another by
Friedmann's adroitness. The president
of the court treated him with a degree of
indulgence that was not shown to Baron
yon Hammerstein when that unfortunate
politician was arraigned before the same
tribunal. During the long pause which
took place before his acquittal was an
nounced by the jury Friedmann was sur
rounded by his intimates, to whom he
narrated in a humorous way his adven
tures after his flight and his experiences
In a French prison.
After the trial Friedman celebrated his
release with a grand dinner, at which a
number of his old friends 'were guests.
The Court gave him until Saturday to quit
Germany. It is the Intention of Friedman
to settle in the United States.
The newspapars publish varying so
called authentic reports of the interview
which took place between Li Hung Chang
and Prince Bismarck upon the occasion of
the visit of the Chinese Viceroy to the ex-
Chancellor at Friedricbsruhe, last week,
but the substance of the report
published in the Berlin Post is gen
erally believed to be correct. According
to tiiis version Li Hung Chang asked the
Prince how he would best set about re
forming and reorganizing affairs in China,
to which Prince Bismarck replied that the
best way to bring about the results sought
would be upon the buais of a well-drilled
army, no matter how small, even of 50,000
men. The Prinoe also told the Chinese
statesman that he should create means of
communication which would enable him
to throw bis army against any point. In
acknowledging the Prince's words, Li
Hung Chang said that he would treasure
the advice of the ex-Chancellor and act
thereon, reorganizing the Chinese army
with Prussian officers and upon the Prus
sian model.
Li Hung Chang had a long conference
with Viscount Aoki, the Japanese Em
bassador to Germany, yesterday.
The question of the succession to the
throne of Lippe has been referred to the
arbitration of the Kine of Saxony, as
sisted by the Supreme Court of the Empire
at Leipsie.
In consequence of the insults which the
lower sort of .Berlin workingmen are ac
customed to offer to officers of the army,
the latter are becoming very chary of
going into public places in uniform. An
illustration of the wanton character of
these assaults may be given in accounts of
an incident which occurred last week. An
officer, walking in the street with his sis
ter, was stopped by a laborer named Karl
Fulge, who, without provocation, ad
dressed him in the foulest language and
finally threw him down and tried to
choke him to death. The officer was res
cued by a soldier, and as a result of the
soldier's interference Fulge was carried to
the hospital on a stretcher.
United States Em bassador Uhl will give
a oreakfast on July 4 to Mrs. Ewing, wife
of the United States Minister to Belgium,
the wives of the United States Consuls at
Aachen, Stettin, Mannheim and Bremen,
and Mesdames de Kay and Zimmerman
respectively, the wives of the United States
Consul-General and Vice-Consul-General
at Berlin.
The resignation of Freiherr yon Ber
lepsch. Prussian Minister of Commerce,
was due to the refusal of his colleagues in
the Ministry to carry out his policy of in
creasing the stringency of the regulations
governing factories and workshops.
Henry Walter's new opera, "Fra Fran
cesco," has been produced with great suc
cess at the Royal Opera-house here.
JUBILEE OF ENDEAVORERS
Great Preparation at Washington
for the International Con
vention.
Public Parks and Gardens Adorned
and the City Is Donning
Gala Attire.
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 28.— Much
enthusiasm is manifested here over the ar
rangements for the International Chris
tian Endeavor Convention which will as
semble July 8. The city will soon put on
gala attire, and the officials in charge of the
public parks and gardens have laid out the
Christian Endeavor monograms and com
binations of the letters *'Y. P. S. C. E." in
flowers and gayly colored leaves in the
parks of the city. The churches are also
actively planning for elaborate decora
tions. Ths National colors will, of course,
play an important part in these, and in
addition the special colors of the State
which church will entertain will be
used effectively.
From present indications it is likely the
decorations for the business houses will
exceed those of previous gatherings. Three
mammoth tents are about to be erected on
the White lot, and the seating
capacity of five large churches in
the immediate vicinity of the
tents will soon be increased to the utmost
by the addition of folding chairs. Thus
nine simultaneous meetings with an audi
ence of 40,0<X> will be conducted through
out the sessions of the convention.
Th« prosr+amme, which has been neariy
completed, includes some of the best
speakers in the country, and also several
widely know clergymen and mission work
ers from across the seas. The li«t includes
Postmaster- General Wilson, Hon. John
Wanamakerand Hon. Neal Dow.
Great attention has been given to the
work of organizing the choir which will
lead the singing at the meetings. Over
4500 members of the local societies have
been regularly rehearsing every week for
the past two months.
The Christian citizenship and temper
ance features of the programme will ap
pear on Thursday evening. Leading men
and women from all parts of tl>e country
will deliver addresses, notably Rev. H. K.
Carroll, editor of the Independent, Hon.
L. Castle of Pittsburg and Mr. Booker T.
Washington of Tuskopee, Ala.
MINERAL PRODUCT STATISTICS.
Improved Conditions Indicating a Long
Step Toward Recover/ From
Hard Times.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 28—Ac
cording to official statistics just issued by
the Director of the Geological Survey the
total value of the mineral products of the
United States for 1895 increased over $80,
-000,000 beyond the value for 1894, or from
$527,368,594 to $611,795,290. This increase
is considered a long step toward recovery
from the depression to which the mineral
industry, like all others, has been sub
jected.
While the coal product is great, it is
much steadier, in spite of the extra de
mand for it in order to produce an extra
supply of iron.
Another noticeable feature was the
profitable producing petroleum districts in
the Appalachian range. Natural gas
showed a decline, the pressure decreasing
In all the fields, thereby shortening the
life of each well and greatly reducing the
product, especially in Pennsylvania.
Almost all the remaining minerals show
substantial improvement.
OFF FOR GRAT GABLES.
The President Preparing to Spend Ilia
Summer Vacation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 28.— Unless
something now entirely unforeseen should
happen to change his plans, there is every
probability of the President leaving here
Tuesday morning next for Gray Gables,
where he will remain for the summer,
should not the present even tenor of
events be disturbed by complications not
now expocted from any quarter. The
coming week is likely also to witness a
very general departure of Cabinet ollicers
whose personal presence in Washington is
not regarded by them as absolutely neces
sary during the coming period of midsum
mer heat and stagnation.
RESCUED AT TROOPERS.
White Settler* in Khodenia Taken Into
Cttmp for Safety.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, June 28.—
Many white settlers who livedMn isolated
parts of Rhodesia and who were in danger
of being massacred by the rebellious Mata
beles have been taken into safety to Una
tali by the troopers sent to their rescue.
The telegraph line between Umtall and
Fort Salisbury was cut by the rebels to-day.
TirlUiani JSebranka Wedding.
AVOCA, Nebb., June 28. — Charles
Ruhge, a young German of wealth and
prominence, for many years a resident of
Nebraska, and Marie yon Arnswaldt were
married here yesterday. The bride is a
daughter o' Baron yon Arnswaldt, a mem
ber of the German Reichstag, and the cere
mony was on a scale of magnificence
never before seen in the town.
:-' " Final Token
"Poor Dick Is gone. He was a devoted
cyclist, wasn't he?"
"Yes, indeed: he left a will stating that
he was to be cremated and used to help
out on our new cinder path." — Louisville
Courier- Journal,
SPAIN'S WILD
DESPERATION,
Her Tobacco Monopoly to Be
Mortgaged for War
Sinews.
WILL RAISE $100,000,000.
Twenty Trans- Atlantic Steamers
to Transport 40,000 Re
enforcements.
CUBANS TO B3 ANNIHILATED.
The Formidable Expedition Will Bs
Supplied With Mauser Rifles
and Heavy Guns.
MADRID, Spain, June 28.— The Cham
ber of Deputies has unanimously adopted
a bill enabling the Government to raise
the sum of $100,000,000 on the security of
the tobacco monopoly, the money to be
available for war expenses during the
parliamentary recess. The dispatch adds
that the Government has completed ar
rangements for the use of twenty trans-
Atlantic steamers during the month of
August to transport 40,000 re-enforcements
and 60,000 Mauser rifles to Cuba, and also
a number of heavy guna to be mounted in
the forts at Havana and other ports of the
island.
COMMODORE FIRED UPON.
lliree tthot* From a Revenue Cutter
nhiz by the Vessel.
CHARLESTON, S. C, June 28.— The
Commodore steamed up tne harbor this
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. Captain Mor
ton says:
"When the Commodore arrived in
Tampa her papers were examined and
found to be all right. Then s c was
searched for arms, and of course none
were found. For two days we lay in the
harbor and on Thursday we set sail with
no cargo, and with the proper clearance
papers for Charleston. Before we left the
harbor we were lying very near to the
revenue cutter McLean, and if the officers
of that vessel wished to examine the Com
modore and its papers every opportunity
was afforded them.
"We steamed from the harbor very
slowly, for the machines were not in the
best of workinsr order. When we were
two miles out I heard the report of a gun
and saw tne McLean behind us. Bang!
went another, and I ordered the engines
stopped an'i we waited the arrival of the
pursuer. Bang! went the third, and a
solid shot whistled by us, falling not forty
feet from the vessel. The wind from the
shot as it passed was felt on the face of
every man on deck. If it had struck us
the Commodore would have beeD sank.
"The captain of the vessel came aboard
and I asked what this outrage meant. His
reply was that he wanted the vessel to
stop and wanted to examine its papers.
He asked if we carried a passenger list,
and I told him no. He examined my pa
pers, went through the vessel and found
everything correct. He then left us and
we continued on to Charleston on a peace
ful voyage."
Captain Morton said he would probably
leave for New York in a few days, and
that the Commodore would remain in the
harbor.
SAFELE LANDED IN CUGA.
More Arms, Ammunition and Provi
sions for the Insurgents.
GALVESTON, Tex., June 28.— Aeent
Perres, the local Cuban representative, has
received the following self-explanatory
telegram, dated June 24 and signed J. D.
Peyo, Cuban agent at Key West:
Richard Trehuillo, with eighteen men, 400
Winchesters, 50,000 cartridges, medicine and
explosives, has landed in Cuba from Florida.
Mr. Camillo Eshnrte, correspondent for the
Galveston Tribune, was among; the men
landed. _____________
CRETE'S NEW GOVERNOR.
Georgi Pasha, Prince of Samos,
Succeeds Abdullah
Pasha.
Being of the Greek Faith It Is Hoped
He Will Put an End to Exist
jnej Trouble.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, June 28.
— Georgi Pasha Berovitch, Prince of Sa
mos, first functionary of the Ottoman em
pire, has been appointed Governor of the
island of Crete. Abdullah Pasha, whom
he replaces in the Governorship, will re
tain command of the Turkish forces in the
island.
Since 1832 the island of Samos, which
lies off the west coast of Asia Minor,
seventy-two miles southwest of Smyrna,
has been an autonomous principality or
beylic, paying a yearly tribute of 300,000
piastres to Turkey. The island is undor
the rule of a prince of Greek nationality
named by the Porte, its autonomy being
guaranteed by Great Britain, France and
Russia under the protocol of 1832. The
prince regent, Georgi l'aslia was born at
Scutari, Albania, in 1845, and was named
Prince of Samos in January, 1895,
It is hoped the appointment of a Gov
ernor of the Greek faith will put an end to
the troubles between the Christians and
Turks in Crete. The people of Samos are
Greek in language and religion.
A Chrintlan With a Good Heeord.
LONDON, Enq., June 28.— The Times
will to-morrow publish a dispatoh from
Canea, saying that Prince Georgi, the
newly appointed Governor ol Crete, is an
Albanian Christian, who has an excellent
record.
SUNDAY RESENALL.
Cincinnati Beat* St. J.ouin and Chicago
Win* Jrntn Louisville.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 2B.— An unearned run
in the ninth inning saved the Browns from
being shut . out to-day. ; In the . absence of a
staff umpire : Hart and Dwyer officiated im-
' partially. Attendance GOOO. Score: Clncin
natis—l2, 18, 2; St. Louis— l, 6, 4. Batteries—
Foreman audPeitz; Donahue, Kissinger aud
Murphy. . Umpires— Hart an Dwyer. ;i,. ; ...
CIJICAGO, lll., June 28.— 1t was the Colonels'
game to-day up to the eighth inning, in winch
two errors, two bases on balls and a couple of
tutu netted the home :tesm three runs, or
enough to -win. Score: Chieagos —4,6, 2:
Loulsvilles-3, 5, 7. Batteries — Friend and
Dailey; Frazer and Winslow. Umpire—Sheri
dan.
CRACK WHIST PLAYERS.
Successful Contestants for Trophies at the
Recent Conaress.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 28. — The
American Whist Congress, which closed
at the Oriental Hotel, Manhattan Beach,
this afternoon is considered by all "whist
ers" for the large attendance of
crack players. The executive committee
has decided to hold its midwinter session
in Nashville, Term., on Jai^ary 15, 1897.
At this session the time and place for
holding the next congress will be decided
upon.
The contest for the Hamilton champion
ship trophy did not end until 12:20 o'clock
this morning, when the Hamilton Club
team of Philadelphia was declared the
winner by twelve tricks. This is the first
time the Hamilton cup has been won by
an Eastern club.
The Whist League trophy challenge cup
was won by the New YorK Whist Club by
only half a point over the Albany Club
team.
The Minneapolis trophy was won by the
Baltimore Clud pair, Messrs. A. Hawley
McKay and Beverly W. Smith.
The straight whist match for unattached
players which was played Saturday night
was won by Mr. and Mrs: Henry Payout of
San Francisco by a score of 33 tricks. The
prize was a silver-mounted rabuii's foot.
East San Jose Road Race.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28.— The five
mile handicap road race of the Columbus
Cycling Club over the East San Jose
course this morning was won by J. Ferro,
with 30 seconds' handicap, in 15:01. Ferro
also won the time prize. The race was
hotly contested, and drew out a large
crowd of spectators. It is the seventh of
a series of races for a gold rnedel, that to
become personal property must be won
three times. J. Siiva (:30) was second, R.
Jpiuto (scratch) third.
The Game in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28.— Stockton
defeated San Jose in the opening game of
the new California Baseball League in thia
city to-day by a score of 3to 0. The jjarue
was hotly contested and the defeat ot the
home team was due to an inability to hit
Balsz. About 300 were in attendance.
IFon by an American Marksman.
LONDON, Eno., June 28.— The inter
national challenge cup of the London
Gun Club and another prize of £125 have
been won by George Work, an American
shooter.
Yisali* Ouara Shoot.
VISALIA, Cal., June 28.— At the semi
annual shoot of Company E, Sixth Infan
try, N. (i. C, 49 men out of 65 qualified
for medals — 14 silver bars and 35 bronze
medals.
Frenchman Breaks a JRtcycle Record.
PARIS, France, June 28. — In a twenty
four hours' contest at the bicycle track
here to-day Riverre rode 959,120 meters,
beating the record.
A'oted French lurftnan Head.
PARIS, Franc*, June 28.— M. C. J. Le
fevre, a noted racehorse-owner, died to
day. ________________
SUED BY FRESNO LAWYERS
County Clerk Hart Defendant in
an Action Brought to
Test a Law.
Determining the Constitutionality of a
Fortion of the County
Fee Bill.
FRESNO, Cal., June 28.— Attorneys G.
B. Graham and George Cosgrave yester
day commenced suit against County
Clerk T. G. Hart to test the constitution
ality of that portion of the county fee bill
which requires the payment of $2 before a
clerk flies a demurrer in an action.
The issue was raised by an application
from the plaintiffs to have thirteen sepa
rate demurrers filed in a case pending in
court. The clerk refused to place the de
murrers on the motion calendar until $26
was paid. They refused to pay and now
demand a writ of mandate to compel him
to rile the demurrers or give hi* reasons
for refusing to do so.
The real object is to tent the validity of
the law. Clerk Hart has been acting
under the advice of District Attorney
Snow in collecting fees. The law is some
what vague, and clerks of various counties
have established various rules.
HIGH PRICE FOR RAISING.
Growers Hare JXot Lost by the Shortage
in the Crop.
FRESNO, Cal., June 28.— The shortage
of the coming raisin crop on account of
late frosts will undoubtedly be a boon to
the industry. Buyers are now in the Held
offering 2l£ cents a pound in sweat box.
This is a better price than growers have
realized for the past three or four years
under the commission system of selling.
The offers are for cash, and they start the
movement for the dealers to buy from
growers, instead of handling raisins on
the business commission plan.
Because it is short, the crop will be of
good quality. About twenty-five carloads
of raisins, the last Jot in the county from
Isst year's crop, were sold yesterday by
George F. West & Sons, to the California
Raisin and Fruit Company, at 2% cents.
Eastern markets are said to be bare of
raising, and growers are elated over
prospectß.
S NAHAMARIANS'S ESTATE.
Four Application* for Letters of Ad
ministration Are Filed.
FRESNO, Cal., June 28.— There are four
applications for letters of administration
on the estate of Stephen Sliahamarian, the
Armenian who was assassinated «everal
weeks ago, together with his son and
daughter. One application on file is by
the trustees of the Stockton Insane
Asylum, of which a daughter of Shaham
arian is an inmate. Another is by Jacob
Sliahamarian, a brother of the deceased,
and a third is by the Public Administra
tor, L. H. Church. The fourth is by T. A.
Bell, a real estate agent of this oity, who
asks to be appointed for the reason that
the friends of the insane daughter, who is
the only surviving heir, want bin to act
as administrator of the estate. The
property is valued at $2500.
Imprisoned Without Cause.
FRESNO, Cal., June 28.— A suit for
$10,000 damages was yesterday brought in
the Superior Court of this county by Owen
Reilly against ex-Under Sheriff George L.
Moore, on the ground that the plaintiff
was arrested for perjury on a complaint
sworn to by Moore, when there was no
cause for the action. The arrest was made
by officers of Judge bt. John's court on
January 10, a»d Riley spent five days in
jail. The case against him was afterwards
dropped.
)eath by Boiling.
In old England before the law was passed
which prohibited "cruel and unusual
forms of punishment,"' murderers were
often condemned to death by boiling. In
such cases the victim were chained in large
kottles of cold water, which was gradually
heated until it caused the flesh to drop
from the bones. The last English victim
of the "boiling death" was one Rouse, a
cook, who, v is alleged, had killed 17 per
sons,—St. Louis Republic.
BURIED UNDER
REDHOT BRICKS,
Awful Disaster at a Con
flagration in Augusta,
Georgia.
A BIG MILL IS CONSUMED
Wail Falls Upon the Firemen
While Fighting the
Flames.
ONE DEAD AND TWO DYING.
Others More or L?ss Injured, and
There Were Several Narrow
Escapes.
AUGUSTA, Ga., June 23.— One man
dead and two dying at the City Hospital,
with several others injured, is tne result
of a fire which destroyed Miller & Co.'s
big mill on Twigg street this morning.
The los 3by the fire is probably $40,000 and
the insurance $12,000.
When discovered at 1:45 a. m. the mill
was on fire in the third story of the main
building, an iron-covered structure with
wooden framework. The flames spread
from the big iron-covered mill to the
smaller brick warehouses with great
rapidity. Being covered entirely with
heavy corrugated iron, the flames for a
long time were confined to the building
itself. The casualties are:
Dead — Aaron Morton, colored, driver for
Superintendent of Fire Alarms.
Injured— Mike Riley, hook and ladder;
cannot recover.
Gabe Waiters (colored); badly mangled.
— Fredericks; legs broken, internal in
juries, cannot recover.
Bob Weafcley, engineer Company No. 2;
left leg broken, head cut.
Henry J. Kale, ladderman on hook and
ladder; cut about head.
Ben Puefher, chemical engineer; cut
about bead.
It was an hour and a quarter after the
first alarm before the tnfgedy occurred.
The brick warehouse had a gable end to it,
and while atteiapting to put a stream
through a hole made in the gable the
brick wall fell. ,
A fireman had been on a short /adder
and knocked out some of the bricks. A
long ladder was needed to put a stream up
and Aaron Morton and several firemen
went to the truck and got a 30-foot lad
der. As they placed it to the wall Ladder
men Riley an i Morton had held of it. As
soon as it touched the side of the wall the
wall was seen to sway and then came tum
bling down. The two men on the ladder
could not eet out of the way and were
buried beneath the redhot bricks. Others
were overtaken by the falling missiles.
Besides the firemen there were few people
at this locality.
Lieutenant Cartledge of the police force
and Wallace Wheeler of the Chronicli 1
were near the foot of the ladder and only
bad time to jump back as the wall came
crashing down.
The fire is of unknown origin.
OUTRAGES IN PORMOSA.
An . Antl-Clirliitlan Movement — Many
Village*) Plundered and Burned.
Reuters Agency has received news of
the outbreak of an anti-Christian move
ment in Formosa and of the dispatch of a
Japanese expedition to the east coast,
where the disturbances have occurred.
Writing from Painanfu, Formosa, on
April 17, Rev. Thomas Barclay of the
Presbyterian Mission in the island says:
"I am sorry to say that last week we re
ceived bad news from the east coast
churches. About the 7th of. March one of
the Christians resident on. the seashore
was visited by sixty or seventy refugees,
who had crossed from the inner valley,
bringing news of an organized attack on
the Christians there. A number of run
away soldiers from, the north of the island
had come down south spreading false re
ports of the Christians being in league
with the Japanese.
"They succeeded in stirring up the Chi
nese, who came in two bands, one from
the south and one from the north, and
swept the aboriginal villages, especially
those where Christians lived. During the
last week of February village after village
was plundered and burnt, the inhabitants
being compelled to take fo the hills. Two
churches were destroyed. The preachers,
however, succeeded In escaping. In some
cases the Chinese followed the fugitives
and took away their bullocks and grain.
Rewards were offered for the capture of
preachers and office-bearers. We hear that
, several Christians have been killed, but do
not know exactly how many have lost
their live*. That was more than a month,
aeo, and we have no idea what has since
happened. It is reported that the Japan
ese have already reached the scene of the
outrages and have restored order, but the
Japanese authorities can give us no infor
mation."
• ♦ — •
The Emperor of Japan, who has prom
ised to visit England, is an individual who
would appeal to the English heart. He is
an all-round sportsman, devoted to riding,
shooting, tennis, fishing and billiards, and
a patron of football.
Merit
"Merit talks" the np || -_,
intrinsic value of | 9.1 |vS
Hood's Sarsaparilla. * *• *•**■*
Merit in medicine means the power to
cure. - Hood's Barsaparilla possesses ac-
tual and nnequaled curative power, and
therefore it has true merit. When you buy
Hood's Sarsaparilla and take it according
to directions to purify your blood, or cure
any of the many blood diseases, you are
morally certain to receive benefit. The
power to cure is there. Yon are not try-
ing an experiment. It will make your
blood pure, rich and nourishing, and thus
drive out the eerms of disease, strengthen
the nerves and build up the whole system.
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One True Bipod Purifier.
Prepared only by C I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Maw.
H 6od ' * Pill« do not purge, Bain or
* VT 3 IIIS gripe. All druggists. 23cCANTON A MECCA
FOR REPUBLICANS
Party Leaders Gathering
for the Notification
Ceremony.
THURSTON WILL SPEAK.
Major McKinley's Reply to the
Committee Awaited With
Interest.
PLANS FOE THE CAMPAIGN.
Political Speeches to Be Made in Many
States by the Standard-
Bearer.
CANTON, Ohio, June 28.— city of I
Canton has witnessed a great many J
demonstrations of an enthusiastic nature j
since Major McKinley was nominated, !
and there have been thousands of j
strangers within her gates. Men of wide \
reputation in politics, statecraft and busi- j
ness have called upon the candidate to
"pay their respects," as the formula is, or
to keep themselves well within McKinley's |
field of vision. All the demonstrations j
and visitors up to this time, however, i
have been of an unofficial if not informal
character. To-morrow the advent of the
notification committee, composed of one
member from each State and Territory,
■elected by the National Convention at
Bt. Louis for the purpose of conveying to
the candidate official notice of his nomina
tion, will be an event of more significance
and importance than the coming of all the
other visitors and delegations which Mc-
Kinley has received.
The chairman of the committee, Senator
John M. Thurston of Nebraska, was the
permanent chairrran of the St. Louis Con
vention and achieved a large measure of
National distinction in that capacity. He
is an orator and will be the spokesman for
the committee to-morrow. Major McKin
ley is very fond of Senator Thurston and
said a day or so ago he thought his selec
tion for permanent chairman of the con
vention was the best that could have been
made, with the possible exception of Gov
ernor Foraker.
Governor McKinley's speech in reply to
Senator Thurston will be scanned with
interest. It will not be long and he will
not at this time attempt to discuss in a
significant or elaborate way the dominant
issues of the campaign. Nothing in the
way of an exhaustive formal utterance
may be expected until he publishes his i
letter of acceptance, which will be in a I
month or six weeks. That is the usual j
time a candidate allows to elapse between !
the date of his official notification and the '■
publication of his official acceptance of
- the nomination.
The publication .of the letter of accept- \
ance really opens the campaign, and for I
that reason all of the candidates will be
disposed to defer the writing of their j
letters for a few weeks. In the mean- j
time the National committees will or- !
ganize and be ready to go forward with
the campaign work.
Before McKinley gives his letter of ac
ceptance to the public, he will probably ]
make a short visit to Roxbury, Mas?.
When the campaign is well under way ;
and a host of minor candidates are in the '■
field, each one hoping or expecting to
carry his district or his State, the de- j
mands upon McKinley for speech-making I
•will be urgent and frequent. Several ;
Republicans of influence and high stand
ing have talked with McKinley upon this
point, and some of them have endeavored j
to secure from him a promise to make •
speeches in their States. Major McKinley I
has not committed himself, nor has he j
said he would not yield to their demands I
upon his strength and time. He prefers '
to remain in Canton during the campaign,
and at present his close political friends j
incline to the belief that this will be the '
wiser course to pursue. But conditions ;
may change, and if they do and it seems
best for Major McKinley to take the
stump he will do so. If he makes a speak
ing tour it is safe to say that among the
States upon his itinerary will Indiana,
Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, Kansas and
Nebraska. ,
THURSTON ON THE BOLT
Deems It Significant That Only Sen
atorial Candidates Left the
Convention.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. June 28. — The
members of the notification committee
were all assembled h^re to-night, with the i
exception of Rogers of Utah, who tele- ■
graphed that he could not come. The
committee goes to Canton to-morrow
morning. Senator Thurston, chairman of
the committee, said to-night:
"I do not think there is any question
that McKinley will win a great victory, but
by what plurality 1 cannot estimate. I
think we will lose Colorado, Utah, Nevada.
Idaho and Montanaonaccountof silver. 1
do not think we can ?ave them. The rest
of the Western States will wheel into line
for McKinley. I think the fight will j
shortly settle down, and the tariff will
force the money issue into second place.
"Senators Teller and Dubois will be re
elected to the Senate on the silver ticket.
It is rather significant that these two
Senators were the only ones to bolt and i
that they were both up for re-election in I
silver communities. Those who did not !
bolt were not up lor another term.
"I have no idea what Mr. Hanna will
do about the executive committee's head
quarters. I think he should be allowed
to fix them wherever it is handiest for his
interests."
WATER FOR SAN DIEGO.
The Construction of the New System
Will Be Commenced at
Once.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., June 28.— The South
ern California Mountain Water Company
to-morrow morning begin the con
struction of the Moreia dam and conduit
to the city and ttie building of a distrib
uting system in the city, in pursuance of
the contract which was ratified yesterday
by the voting of $1,500,000 of bonds, by the
city. E. t. Bibcock, president of the com
pany, was in consultation with hi 9 en
gineers at Hotel del Coronado to-day, and
the result was that orders were issued for
two corps of engineers to take the field
this week. Bids for the freighting of
cement, lumber, machinery and merchan
dise to the dam, which is fifty miles to the
east in the mountains, have been called
for. The company asks for 400 horses and
100 wagons.
Mr. Babcock has had strong faith all
along that the people would vote the
bonds, and accordingly ordered five car
loads of machinery some time ago. This
arrived last week. " This consists of a com
plete Ledgerwood cable and trolley for
handling large quantities of rock.
Another plant oi the pamc size is al
ready in place at Lower Otay dam, and
the new plant will be sent out this week
to join it. A lull force is to be put on to
finish T,ower Otay dam. while preliminary
work is being done at Morena. Then the
machinery will be removed to Morena,
where the dam can be built in a short
time, as the rock is aimost overhanging
the dam site. Lower Otay cam is part of
the extensive system of the company,
which consists of dams at Upper and
Lower Otay, Barretts and Morena, capable
of impounding: about 10,000 inches of
water in all and irrigating 75,000 acres of
land.
The construction of this gigantic system
depended upon the voting of bonds by the
city for the Morena dam, thereby assisting
in the development of the country as well
as furnishing a supply of 1000 inches for
the city, sufficient for a city of 100,000 in
habitants. The city owns 7000 acres of
fine lands within its limits, which will be
be made very valuable with water.
AH day long the people have kept up a
noisy jubilee over the result of the bond
elections, and telegrams have poured in
upon the city officials and Mr. Babcock
congratulating them upon the new era
inaugurated.
PROSSER CREEK FIRE.
Destruction of a Large Warehouse
Stored With Ice.
SUMMIT, Cal., June 28.— Fire this
afternoon destroyed warehouse No. 4, the
property of the Sierra Ice Company, at
Prosser Creek. The house contained 8000
tons of ice. Three hundred feet of track
and seventy-five feet of trestle were
burned, but as the track was a siding
trains will not be delayed. Three South
ern Pacific boxcars which were standing
on the siding were consumed, as was also
a large section of flume belonging to the
ice company. Two fire trains from
Truckee are still fighting the fire. The
loss to the ice company is estimated at
$25,0<X). * .
CAMPING AT GLENWOOD.
Christian Workers Gather at
the Pretty Mountain
Resort
Missionary Conquests Planned While
the Students Enjoy an
Outin;.
GLEN WOOD, Cal., June 28.— The Mis
sionary Extension Summer School, in
session here, is attracting large numbers
of church people from various parts of the
const, and particularly from San Fran
cisco. They take this means of combin
ing their summer outing with Christian
work. This camping school is under the
direction of the Missionary Extension So
ciety of San Francisco, and that fact draws
a great many from the City, but Oakland
and San Jose and other towns in the
neighborhood send many visitors and
workers.
The past four days have been devoted
principally to the subject of "City Evan
gelization," and to-morrow a course of
Bibie lessons on "The Li/eof Christ" will
benin, to be conducted by Rev. W. W.
Scudder Jr. He will demonstrate with tne
u=s of charts and diagrams, illustrating
the years of Christ's public ministry. At I
the close of this series of lectures Rev. |
Melville H. Tenny of San Jose will deliver j
two lectures on "The Life of Christ in j
Art," which he will illustrate with stere
opticon views that include the great paint
ings of tne various events in the life cf
Christ, from his birth to his asr-ension.
The lectures will be of a nr.ture that will
impress the audiences with the grandeur
of Christ's character and the loving esteem
in which he was held by the world's great
master- in art.
The programme of work for the school
includes daily denominational conferences
on missions in charge of the representa
tives of the Denominational Board of
Missions and also a series of evening lec
tures on city, home and foreign missions.
Mrs. Sarah D. Hamlin, associated with
Pundita Ramabai in India, will deliver a
lecture on the Sorabji family and give a
good deal of useful and novel information
concerning the missions in India from her
view as a traveler.
The Fourth of July will be celebrated,
anl, large excursions of Christian En
deavor societies from San Francisco and
Alameda counties will arrive on that holi
day.
The summer school is not all work and
no play. The class work is done in the
forenoon hours and the afternoons are
given up entirely to recreation. Some of
the visitors po bathing, others trout fish
ing or boat riding, while others occupy the
afternoons in walking or driving on the
delightful roads or climbing the hills.
A great many of the students and teach
ers are camping, their tents forming a
picturesqne scene in the wood, while
others prefer the accommodations of the
Glen^ood Hotel, which stands at the en
trance to the camping-ground.
LEE AND McCLELLAN.
Their First Sleeting as Described by the
Latter After the Civil War.
Entertaining papers giving reminis
cences of "The Lost Cause" were read yes
terday afternoon at the meeting of the
Daughters of the Confederacy. In a paper
prepared by Mr. George Savage and read
by Mrs. D. Giraud Wright was described
the first meeting of General Robert E. Lee
and General George B. McClellan as Gen
eral McClellan had related the fact 3to Mr.
Savage in the summer of 1878.
"It was near the City of Mexico during
the Mexican War," said Genera; McClel
ian to Mr. Savaee, "that I first met my
future great opposing I was
a lieutenant of engineers and Lee was a
major of engineers and a lavonte on
the staff of General Winfield Scott. I
was walking alone across a field one day
when I saw General Scott and his staff ap
proaching on horseback. As the party
drew near to me Major Lee reined up his
hoi>e and, addressing me in an angry
tone, said :
" 'Lieutenant, don't you know you are
disobeying orders? Wnat is your" name?'
"I told him my name was McClellan
and that I did not know I was disobeying
orders.
" 'All officers have been told to remain
in their quarters and await orders,' he ex
claimed, still appearing very augry.
"I replied that no such order had
reached mo, and he then peremptorily or
dered we back to my quarters and hastened
away lo join General Scott and the rest of
the staff, who had not stopped.
i returned across the field to my quar
ters, feeiing much injured, for I had not
knowingly committed any breach ot dis
cipline. I complained to my fellow offi
cers of Major Lee's treatment of me.
Scarcely had I finished my story when I
was told that there was an officer outside
wlio wished to see me, and I was greatly
surprised to find Major Lee seated there
upon his horse. He saluted me and I re
turned tne salute.— Baltimore Sun.
Can there be a society without pins? In
speaking of "foreign sundries" as imports,
the English Consul at Chungking ob
serves that "pins seem to be unknown,"
and the remark applies to the whole of
China. Neither pins nor walking-sticks
are desired by the Chinese.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
CROOKS EXPIRES
AT SANTA CRUZ.
Lingers Through the Night
and Is Conscious to
the End.
HE DICTATES A WILL.
Jests With a Friend Who Finds
the Bullet That Pierced
His Body.
MOURNING AT THE SEA BEACH
Coroner Clark Decides That tha
Theory of Suicide Was Without
Foundation.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 28.— Jackson
Crooks, who accidentally shot himself last
night, died this morning at 9 o'clock. He
was rational to the end, and until mid-
Jackson G. Crooks of Oakland, Killed at ?anta Crui by the Accidental Discharge
of His Revolver.
night believed he would recover. When •
he realized that he could not live, or that j
the chances were against his surviving, j
he sent for Lieutenant-Oovernor Jeter and j
dictated his will, by which he bequeathed j
all of his property to his wife and boy—
the latter a baby 15 montls oid.
A post-mortem examination was made at
the request of Coroner Clark, that he might
decide whether an inquest was necessary.
The examination was made by Dr. Bai
ley and Dr. Morgan, assisted by Dr.
Hawkes of the ship Philadelphia
and Dr. Haslet of the Monadnock and Drs.
Keeney, Doyle and Clark. It was dis
covered that the pistol- ball had entered
just below the heart, as Crooks was in a
olightly stooping posture, and ranged
around the left side, cutting tbe sv>leen,
and passed out at the back. He had bled
internally, great clots of blood being lodged
in the body. Had he bled freely exter
nally death would have been hastened.
Dr. Clark, Coroner, was satistied that i
the shot occurred as Crooks said, and de- \
cided that the inque3t was not essential.
Mr. Crooks was very cheerlul, even this
morning, and talked as freely and in as
good voise up to his death as before the
accident occurred, and his signature to the
will was as plainly and strongly written as
though he were entirely well. When
Richard Thompson of the Wells-Fargo
Express Company this morning picked no
the ball, which no one had been able to
find before, and showed it to Mr. Crooks,
the injured man remarked:
"If that had struck the wall before it
got me I should not be in any danger."
He referred to the fact that the ball, in j
its upward course, glancing along the
wall, had bounded across the room with
out further damage.
Dr. Morfew and Walter Newton, broth
ers-in-law of deceased, and their wives,
with Matthews Crooks, his brother, came
down from San Francisco this morning. |
Mrs. Crooks, widow of the deceased, is j
quite ill from the smock and has been un- i
able to decide as to burial arrangements,
but it is believed the body will be taken to
Oakland for interment.
CAPE MENDOCINO DISASTER.
The Schooners Mary Buhne and Jennie
The/in Collide— Both Are Badly
Damaged. ■
EUREKA, Cal., June 28.— While in the
vicinity of Cape Mendocino, the schooner
Mary Buhne, returning empty from a
southern trip, last night collided with the
Jennie Thelin, bound for San Francisco,
heavily loaded with lumber. The Thelin
was struck amidships and immediately
filled with water. The lumber prevented
it from sinking. Both vessels were badly
damaged. The Buhne's bow was injured,
and the Thelin's side caved in. The tug
Ranger towed them into port this after
noon.
The crew of the Buhne claim that no
side lights wero exposed to view on the
Thelin, and it was not seen until only a
few yards away.
m
SAN BERNARDINO'S SEARCH ENDS
The Body of Suicide Wingfield Found
A>nr Harlem. Springs.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., June 28.—
The body of G. A. Wingfield, the English
man who committed suicids in the early
part of last week, was found to-day. The
searching party was organized this morn
ing and one of the men found the body
south of Harlem Springs and near the
Santa Ana River. Poison had doubtless
been the means by which the despondent
man ended bis life. The inquest will be
held to-morrow.
Vnllrjn't Celebration.
VALLEJO, Cal., June 28.— Extensive
preparations are being made for the proper
celebration of the Fourth of JuJy in this
city. ' A general invitation to peorle of the
surrounding country has been extended.
It is expected that the Benicia arsenal
authorities will send a couple of companies
of soldiers to join in the parade.
Judge A. J. Buckles has beec selected
for orator of the day. A water carnival
and fire works will close the day's festivi
ties.
LONG BEACH CHAUTAUQUA.
Noted Lecturers Wilt Instruct the Members
of the Southern California
Assembly.
LONG BEACH, Cal., June 28. — The
meetings of the Southern California Chau
tauqua Assembly at Long Branch have al
ways been interesting. The eleventh an
nual session of tbe assembly will be held
this year from July 14 to 24, inclusive.
This promises to be the most important in
the history of the society.
Noted lecturers, including Rev. Carlos
Martyn, D. D. ; the renowned humorist,
Frank Lincoln, who has just completed a
professional tour of the world ; Rev. Anna
Shaw, who will conduct the exercises on
woman's day; B. R. Baumgardt.secretary
of the Southern California Academy of
Sciences, vUo will lecture on astronomy;
Professor Cook on etymology and phy
siology, and Professor A. J. McClatchic of
Throop Polytechnic Institute, Pasadena,
on biology, will be present. The Bible nor
mal school will be conducted by Hon.
C. P. Dorland, tbe assembly class in Amer
ican literature by Mrs. Anna Averill, the
class in civil government by Miss' Mar
garet A. Huston, while Miss Elsie A.
Hasse, late of Frobel Institute, and Miss
Helen M. Todd, teacher of Kindergarten
in schools of Chicago, will give two lec
tures each.
The summer school will continue in ses
sion thirty days, and will include in its
studies botany, marine zoology, modern
languages, school of commerce, physi
ology, elocution, manual training, kinder-
garten work, art and design, art. needle
work and music, the latter department
beinfc under the direction and control of
Professor C. S. Cornell.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND,
Liberal Appropriations Permit of
a Large Increase in the
Force.
The Battle-Ship Oregon to Be at Once
Prepared for Active Ser
vice.
VALLEJO, Cal.. June 28.— Many me
chanics, helpers and laborers are awaiting
with anxiety the coming of the new fiscal
year, commencing on July 1, with the
hope that they will be called to resume
work, after long furloughs. The appro
priations for the coming year are more
liberal in some of the departments than
for years past noticeably in the depart
ment of yards and docks. This is due to
the appeals of the Chief of Bureau, Com
modore E. O. Mathews.
The appropriations were made for a
greater variety of purposes, including the
construction of buildings, roadways and
walks. One of the improvements to be
started is the building of a new caisson
and the enlargement of the dock entrance.
It is understood that plans for this work
have been submitted to the head of the
bureau, and if they are approved work will
soon be commenced.
All along the line in the various depart
ments at the navy-yard there will be
ample funds to keep a large force of men
employed the coming year, by adding to
the regular appropriations the amounts
allowed under the deficiency bill for the
repairing of some of the ships at the yard.
In the construction department cards
for employment of men, to the number of
over 200, have been sent out. This does
not, however, signify that the men will
obtain employment the year round.
Work is being pushed" on the gunboat
Bennington. The crew is living aboard
while in dock, and has but little to do, as
the repairs are in the hands of the yard
authorities.
Chief Engineer Kutz, having completed
his forty years' «wrvice in the navy, has
been placed on the retired list atid his
position as chief of the steam engineering
department is being filled by Chief En
gineer Joseph Trilley. Kx-Cbief Kutz and
family will reside either in Oakland or in
Alameda. Very little work is being per
formed in the department he has just
vacated, but after July there will be plenty
to do.
Now that the battle-ship Oregon has
been accepted by the Government it will
soon come up to the yard and be commis
sioned, stores put aboard, ammunition
stowed in the magazines and the hundred
and one odd jobs to be done to a ship
going in commission will keep the Oregon
at the yard some weets after the pennant
has been floating at the masthead.
A Fable.
A regal Boom, wearing its coronet and
robes, was taking the air in its orchard
and complacently meditating upon its
own prosperity. Into the sacred presence
entered a Veiled Prophet, who was in
stantly seized by the Bodyguard. Hand
ing his visiting-card to the Chief Myr
midon, the prophet awaited the result.
"Mokanna of Knorassan?" exclaimed
the Boom, " 'tis an Impostor. Away with
him and off with his head !"
"Pardon me," came from behind the
veil in deep, rich tones; "not Mokanna,
but Mark Hanna, and of Canton."
"The differences impress me less than
the ominous resemblances,'' groaned tin*
Boom; "besides, I 3m something of a
Veiled Propuet myself"— and, muttering
"hoodooed," it sanK upon the ground in
collapse.
The moral of this tale, being addressed
to aspiring Cabinet Secretaries only, is of
gen eral appl ication.
BUNKOED A LOS
ANGELES MAN.
Swindler Dolan Numbers
L. C. Tyler Among
His Victims.
GOLD FOR AN OFFICE.
Government Positions Offered
for Sale by the Clever
Rascal.
FOUND MANY READY TAKERS.
He Claimed Relationship to Chairman
Harrity and a "Pull" at
Washington.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 28.— J. C.
Dolan of Portland, Or., whose swindling
operations were detailed in a recent issue
of The Call, numbers a Los Angeles man j
among bis victims. Dolan is now under
Indictment for forging Chinese certificates
on a big scale. An investi ation into tbe
former career of this unscrupulous but
exceedingly smooth scoundrel shows that !
he has been in the babit of swindling !
anxious office seekers out of large sums of J
money by promising to procure for them i
lucrative employment under the general \
Government. One of these is L. C. Tyler !
of 135 South Grand avenue, this city.
Tyler tells an interesting story recarding
his experience with the "Government
agent" at Portland.
"I was living at Portland in the fall of j
1893," said he, "and met Dolan, who was i
a fellow of good appearance. The United j
States Attorney had gone to Washington. |
Dolan was corresponding with him and ]
finally himself went to Washington. Dr.
Lyie did not send him. Dolan wrote back
to Dr. Lyle that he thought he could get <
him appointed Appraiser of the Port at !
Portland and he told the doctor to get up
his petition as soon as possible. He also
wrote to mo that lie could get me the posi- j
tion of Collector of Customs. Dr. Lyle
sent in the petition.
"Dolan claimed that W. F. Harrity, |
chairman of the Democratic National j
Committee, was nis cousin, and that j
through him he could get us appointed. ,
He said he had been promised a position |
for himself, and finally he telegraphed to •
Dr. Lyle that he had received it.
"A day or two later Dolan telegraphed i
asking for $1000 and saying that he would
have us both appointed at once. I sent \
him the money. Dr. Lyle supplied $666 j
and I gave the balance. Then as we heard j
nothing more we grew uneasy and Dr. |
Lyle went on to Washington, where he
soon found that Dolan was a swindler and
utterly unable to influence any appoint
ment. I saw Dolan when he returned to \
Portland, but could get no satisfaction j
from him. He was perfectly brazen, and j
when he had a mans money he would j
laugh at him."
Tyler said that Dr. Lyle had written to
him proposing that tuey prosecute Dolan, j
but he was not -willing to throw good j
money after bad. He does not expect to
attempt any prosecution now, and will
not go to Portland unless subpenaed as a
witness. Tyler describes Dolan as a
smooth, well-spoken fellow, of pleasant
appearance and always well dressed.
DUEL WITH A BURGLAR.
Officer Fi field Wounds a Criminal in a
Fifjht With Pistols.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jtine 28.— Officer
West Fifield fought with a burglar early
this morning, and after exchanging eight
shots at each other the prowler succeeded
in escaping, leaving a trail of blood.
The officer walked along Sixteenth street
at 4 o'clock this morning, and at the cor
ner of Hill street saw a man on the porch
of D. Healraes' house, trying to open the
screen door. Fifield called and the man
immediately turned and fired at him.
Without waiting to learn the effect of his
shot the burglar jumped from the porch
and ran throueh the yard toward Hill
street, pursued by the officer. The burglar
stopped behind a hedge and tired two
more shots at his pursuer. Neither took
effect.
Fifield is over six feet tall and weighs
300 pounds, but in spite of his weight he is
one of the fastest runners on the force.
When the second round whistled close to
him he stopped and returned the burglar's
fire. Fifield shot five times at t'e Hieing
man after he left the hedge, and one of the
bal's took effect, as a small trail of blood
was left by the burglar.
There was quite a heavy fog, which was
the cause of the men's poor aim.
♦
FATE ENKIND TO HIM.
Failing to End His Life, a Would-Be
Suiddr Wrrcka His Fumiturr.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 28.— George
W. Floyd made a number of attempts to
commit suicide this afternoon, and when
he discovered that his revolver was use
less he picked up an ax and started to get
satisfaction by wrecking the furniture in
his room.
Floyd was employed as a hackdriver
and had been on a spree for the last few
days. To-day he got so drunk that his
employer discharged him. In settling
their accounts there was a dispute, and
the proprietor called Floyd a dirty thief
and robber. The latter denied the im
peachment with drunken persistency, but
finally decided that it might not have
been altogether erroneous. He went to
his room, took an old revolver and, plac
ing it to his head, pulled the trigger five
times. Four times the weapon missed
fire, but on the fifth attempt the cartridge
exploded and the ball grazed Floyd over
the left eye.
This made Floyd angry. He seized an
ax and began demolishing all the furni
ture in sight. So greai was his rage that
by the time assistance came be had
wrecked nearly everything in the room.
He was taken tc the Receiving Hospital
after a struggle. He will recover.
TWO SPRINTERS INJURED.
Red Bluff and Hollister Hose Teams Each
Lose a Man by Running
Over Him.
RED BLUFF, Cal., June 28.— While the
Red Blufi hose team was practicing last
night for the Fourth of July races, a boy
named August Bonhof, belonging to Hose
Company No. 2, fell and before the cart
coukl be stooped was run over. The cart
with its equipment weighed over 900
pound?. Bonhof was badly injured in
ternally and will probably die. No blame
is attached to any ona, but the accident
has marred that portion of the entertain
ment planned for the Fourth.
HOLLISTER, Cal., June 28.— While the
Hollister hose team was practicing for the
Wat-onville tournament this evenini:
Manuel Vargas, the leading runner on the
team, was thrown down. The cart passed
over him, breaking the large bone of his
left leg. Hollister people regret the acci
dent, as Vargas was one of the best men
on the team. Notwithstanding the acci
dent they hope to win the first prize.
«
POULTRY AND KENNEL SHOK.
I'rize Dogs and Fowl* to Be Exhibited
tn October.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28.— The Santa
Clara Valley Poultry and Pet Stock Asso
ciation will hold a poultry and kennel
show in this city in October. At the meet
ing of the association yesterday the execu
tive committee was instructed to secure
the Carnival Pavilion and to make all
necessary arrangements for holding the
exhibition.
Regular and special prizes will be given.
It will be the aim of the association to
offer such inducements as will bring the
best stock on the Coast to the exhibition.
Competition will be open to all. It is ex
pected- that all the prize winners ot the
bench shows at San Francisco, Sacramento
and Stockton will be placed on exhibition,
and not less than 300 thoroughbred doss
and 1500 fine chickens will be seen at the
show.
BURGLARS LOOT A DWELLING.
Three Men Arretted on Suspicion of
Having Been Implicated.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28.— The resi
dence of R. McConnell, on Minnesota ave
nue, in the Willows, was looted by burg
lars last evening during the absence of the
family. Several pieces of jewelry, some
silverware and other articles valued at
about $50 were taken. Entrance was ef
fected through a rear window.
Detective Anderson and Constable Haley
this morning anested Joe Lumbar^o,
George Ballard and Frank Eberiy, who
were seen in the vicinity of the McConneli
resilience last eyeniner, on suspicion of
having been implicated in the robbery.
HAPPENINGS AT SAN JOSE.
Kindness of a Laborer Repaid
by the Thelt of All of His
Valuables.
Mrs. Nash Thrashes a Woman on
Whom Her Husband Was Wont
to Smile.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28.— Joe LoveU,
a laborer who has been employed on the
various fruit ranches in this vicinity, chme I
to town last evening to enjoy a few days'
recreation and sightseeing:. In his pere
grinations about town he fell in with a
man who gave his name as Thompson.
They spent the evening together drinking,
and when it came time to retire for the
night LoveU invited his new-tound friend
to his room in the Grand House, corner of
San Pedro and El Dorado streets, to share
his bed.
When Lovell awoke this morning
Thompson was gone, as was also Lovell's
gold watch and chain and $40 in money.
Lovell reported the matter to the police,
but they have been unable to find any
trace of Thompson.
THRASHES HER RIVAL.
Then Mrs. .Vo»A Causes Her Husband's
' ' Arrest for Insanity.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28.— J. M. Nash, <
|an expressman, residing at 150 Pond
I street, has been charged with insanity by
i his wife, Anna Nash. The complaint is
j the result of Nash taking a Mrs. Smith
| buggy-riding Friday night. Yesterday
morning Mrs. Nash sought out Mrs.
Smith and gave her a beating, after which
she preferred the charge against her hus
band. '7.\>'L. '.-
Mrs. Nasn says her husband put a small
organ in his express-wagon and as he
drove along he had his female companion
sing and play for him.
-•
Fair l'ricc* for Fruit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28.— Several sales
of green fruit at fair prices have been re
ported during the past week. One hun
dred tons of Moorpark apricots have been
sold near Campbell to the Los Gatos Can
nery at $35 Der ton. The contract requires
that the fruit average nine to the pound.
Clingstone are being" contracted for at $25
i per ton, and «ome extra tin? ones brought
j $27 nO and $30 per ton. Buyers have of
j lered $20 per ton for Bartlett pears, and as
| high as $25 may be had for extra fine ones.
Death of Mrs. Mary Burns.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 28— Mrs. Mary
Burns, a pioneer resident of California and
a prominent member in Methodist church
circles of San Francisco and San Jose, died
at the residence of her brother. W. H.
j Brown, in this city yesterday. She was
j born in New York in 1824, and came to
I California with her husband, John Burns.
jin 1851. She has resided in this city since
; IS7O. Her husband and a son, Harvey
i Burns, survive her.
•
OLD BOATS AND COLLISIONS.
When the Crash Comes It Is Generally
the Better Ship That Goes Down.
"Did you ever notice," said an old
mariner, "that when a collision occurs on
the lakes, the better boat, in nine cases out
of ten, gets the worst of it, and generally
goeo to the bottom? On the other hand,
the old boat, for in a great many instances
it is an old boat, receives little damage, if
any.
"Take, for instance, the sinking of the
Lehigh Valley liner Cayuga, which oc
curred on the 10th of las>t May. Sh» col
lided with the steamer Joseph L. Hurd
and was sunk in Lake Michigan, near
Skillipalee Light. The Cayuiia was one of
the best steamers on the lakes snd worth
about $200,000. The Hurd was an old
lumber barge, which had been condemned,
once and then rebuilt, and worth almost
nothing.
"At the time of the collision there was
a heavy foe. Fog banks are peculiar
things to run up against and rattle many
a captain. This was the case with the
commander of the Hurd. The right sig- j
nals had apparently been given, but with \
hardly a minute's warning, the Hurd took j
a sheer and struck the Cayuga amidships.
The Cayuga went down in anout five min
utes, and the Hurd made for the land,
which was not very far off. where she was
beached. She was leaking quite badly.
Temporary repairs were made and she
was tuen towed to a drydoefc. She came
out again later in the season and ran in
the lumber trade in Lake Michiean. The
Cayuga, however, is still at the bottom,
lying in about 101 feet of water, and her
chances for remaining there are very good.
"Let me cite you another instance
where the better boat was sunk by an old
one— well. I won't say she was old, for she
had not been in commission very lone.
She wan called the Jack. Her first feat
that brought her before public notice was
when she collided with one of the locks
in the Welland canal. Navigation
was delayed for several days by
the accident The next prominent
feat that she accomplished was to
sink the big steel steamer Norman,
which was owned by the Menominee
Steamship Company. She sunk her in
the middle of Lake Huron, and in deep
water. In fact, it has been a mystery
where she did go down, for they have
never been able to locate her. She was
worth about $200,000. The Jack sustained
little damage and was soon in commission
again. Now, there are two boats which
were worth about $400,000, and both were
sunk by boats which could be bought for
$20,000, and that would be a big price for
them."— Buffalo Express.
TRAINS COLLIDE
AT CARNADERO.
Engines and Cars Wrecked
in a Crash at a
Curve.
CREWS JUMP FOR LIFE.
Passengers Are Knocked Down
by the Shock, but Escape
Injury.
AN ENGINEER AT FAULT.
Held the Throttle on a Special and
Believed the Track Was
Clear.
GTLROY, Cal.. June 28.— The Hollister
freight and passenger train which leaves
Gilroy at 6:45 r. m. collided with a special
engine at Carnadero junciion, three miles
south of Gilroy, last evening. The Hol
lister train had slowed down to turn the
switch, when the special came flying
around the curve, and before the lever
could be reversed the trains had collided.
The engineers and firemen, seeing the ap
proaching danger, jumped in time to save
their lives.
Tne special plunged its way into the
front of the Hollister engine, and the con
cussion derailed three flatcars, splitting
them in the center. About fifteen cars in
the rear were the passenger coaches. The
jolt threw the seveu occupants forward,
but luckily they all escaped unhurt.
Engineer Chase was on the special's lo
comotive and the fireman was J. Hartley.
James Lynch, engineer, and M. Rockefel
ler, fireman, with George Clarke, con
ductor, had charge of the Hollister train.
Hartley's ankle was sprained in leaping
from the cab.
The passencecg came to town in coaches
and the section men, under Georee Skilli
corn's orders, cleared the track of the
wreckage. The wrecking crew came from
San Francisco at 3 a. m. and brought the
disabled engines and cars to town.
The engineer of the special was a new
hand and unacquainted with, the road,
and was unaware that the regular Hol
lister train had not passed the junction.
Had there been no freight cars between
the passenger coaches and the engine the
few passengers would iiave been killed.
The engines are badly disabled and will be
sent to the Sacramento yards for repairs.
The regular trains run on time to-day.
SANTA ROSA JUDGE DIES,
Aged W. N. Seawall Passes
Away After an Illness of
Four Weeks.
Death Comes After tne Celebration of
the Six ieth Anniversary cf
His Marriage.
SANTA ROSA, Cal, June 28.— Judge
W. N. Seawell died at his residence in
this city to-day, after an illness of four
weeks. He had reached, the ripe old age
of 85.
Judge Seawell crossed the plains from
his native State, Missouri, in 1853. He
settled at that lime in Napa City, and was
identified with the early political history
of Napa County, where he held the posi
tions of Deputy Sheriff and Postmaster.
In 1873 he removed with, his family to this
city. Here he held the position of Police
Ju'lge for ten years.
Judge Seawell died on the morning after
the sixtieth anniversary of his marriage,
his aged wife surviving h'm. tie wa3 the
father of Senator J. A. Seawell of Ukiah,
Joseph Seawell of Sacramento, George and
James Seawell of Healdsburg and Emmet
Seawell, District Attorney of this county.
Mrs. B. S. Wood, Mrs. Mathews and Miss
Lou Seawell are the living daughters of
the deceased. The Judge was a kind
hearted, sociable man, with hosts of
friends and few enemies — one who made
life more pleasant for all with whom he
came in contact.
•— ♦ — ■»
A baby boy, weighing seven pounds, and
hnvine a heavy head of hair and two rows
of teeth, was born a few days ago in Lon
don.
Kwil F YOU NEED A
good blood medicine, if you are in search
of a bowel regulator, get the best, and you
will and the best to be
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edwin W. Joy Company— Gentle-
men: I wish to thank you gentlemen for
the great good which your Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla has done for my weak eyes.
I thought I would soon go blind. 1 was
actually losing my sight. My eyes were so
weak I had to stop reading day and night.
Jessie read the papers for me. After using
four bottles of Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla I put away the green glasses and can
now see as well as I ever could. My blood
is in good condition. I am not weak at
all. Yes, Ido praise your Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. No one should take any
other sarsaparilla but Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla.
Signed, JAMES ANDREWS,
Point Lobos aye., San Francisco, Cal.
34
BEAUTIFUL NEW
WESTMINSTER,
Third Largest City in the
Province of British
Columbia.
ITS TRADE FACILITIES.
Terminus of Two Great Railways
and Fraser River Nav
igation.
ITS CLIMATE IS UNSURPASSED.
Handsome Buildings, Electric-Car Ser
vice, Busy Sawmills, Foundries
and Factories.
NEW WESTMINSTER, B. C, June
25.— The third largest, city in British
Columbia in point of population is New
Westminster, known as the "Royal City"
because it was christened by the Queen of
Great Britain. This city is situated on
the north bank of the Fraser River, six
teen miles from the Straits of Georgia, and
being on the river bank which rises gradu
ally to a height of 400 feet, it presents a
splendid view from the river. There is
probably no other city on the coast that
can be seen to such advantage either by
day or by night. Its really fine business
bloc.s down near the water front, the
beautiful public buildings and the elegant
private residences among the bright
foliage of numerous ornamental trees and
shrubbery all over the hillside, present a
picture that will long be remembered by
all who have the good fortune to see it.
The citizens claim that it is the best
lighted city on the coast (San Francisco
not excepted), and when the electric lights
are lighted on a dark night the spectacle
presented to one on the river in front or
on the south shore is simply magnificent.
The site was selected by Colonel Moody
of the Royal Engineers in 1358. The hill
on which the city now stands was then
covered by a magnificent forest of Douglas
fir and cedar. Trees measuring 30 feet in
circumference and from 150 to 200 feet in
height were then not uncommon — but no
such trees are now to be found in the
vicinity. At one time, and for several
years, New Westminster was the capital of
British Columbia. Its growth at first was
quite rapid, but when the capital had been
removed to Victoria a period of compara
tive inactivity ensued which continued up
to the time of the opening of the Canadian
Pacific Railway. This event marks an im
portant epoch, not only in the history of
New Westminster but tbat of the whole of
British Columbia. It produced a veritable
boom the effects of which were felt
throughout the whole province.
The Fraser River is navigable up as lar
as New Westminster for vessels drawing
about twenty-one feet of water. Above
the city it is navigable for small steamers
of light draft about 100 miles. It is thus
the natural point of transhipment for al
freight and passengers to and from the
Fraser Valley. Steamers run three times
a week between this city and Victoria,
Vancouver and Nanaimo. There is a daily
t-teamer between New Westminster and
the mouth of the river, and a da; y
steam service up as far as Chilliwhack. It
.s the fresh-water terminus of the Cana
l
VIEW OF A PORTION OF NEW WESTMINSTER, B. C.
dian Pacific Railway and the western
terminus of the Great Northern. It is
connected with Vancouver by an electric
tram railway giving an hourly service.
The facilities of the city for trade are,
therefore, unsurpassed by those of any
other city in the province, as it is easily
reached by railway, steamer or wagon
road from all parts of the district and is in
perfect touch with the commercial centers
of the world.
The city possesses a considerable num
ber of very fine business blocks. The Du
pont block, 89x132 feet, four stories, cost
$75,000; the Douglas-Elliott block, 66x132,
four stories, $70,000: the Guichon Hotel
block, 66x132, three stories, $65,000. These
blocks are all solidly built oi brick and
stone. There are a considerable number
of other brick blocks of large proportions,
among which are the Colonial Hotel,
Queen's Hotel, Begbie block, Duncan-Mc-
Call block, Curtis-Burns block, Masonic-
Odd Fellows' block and others. Here are
alfo situated the provincial penitentiary,
the provincial asylum, the central prison
and the county courthouse. These are all
large brick buiidingte. The asylum cost
over $150,000 and the penitentiary $140,000.
There ie a free public library building
erected and owned by the corporation,
costing $24,000. There are two excellent
hospitals, two colleges, and first-class pub
lic and high school. The Y. M. C. A. has
a fine brick building and an excellent
gymnasium. AH the leading denomina
tions have one or more churches, and
there are a large number of secret societies.
The corporation has installed a first
class electric-light system, from which it
supplies light both for the streets and for
private use. This plant cost $116,000, and
the revenue derived from it (allowing 35
cents per light per night for tiie street
iamps) more than covers the cost of main
tenance, including interest and sinking
fund on the capital. The corporation has
also constructed a tirst-class water works
system. Water is brought from Coquitlam
Lake, a distance of over twelve miles, by a
steel main, to a reservoir on the top of tne
hill, whence it goes into the distribution
pipes. The lake is fed by mountain
streams of purest water. It is about 435
feet above sea level, and the reservoir is
400 feet. This gives ample pressure for
fire protection and all other purposes.
These works cost $450,000. In Quinn's
Park the corporation has erected a tine ex
hibition bui ding where an exhibition is
held every year.
Nff Westminster possesses three saw
miils, a foundry, several sash and door
factories, ice factory and cold storage, and
other industries. It has the best farmers '
1 market in British Columbia, and is the
i principal shipping point for fruit. It is
within easy reach of the preat fish-canning
establishments of Fraser River, the most
remote being only about twelve miles dis
taEt. With such a situation, and having
such unequaled facilities for shipment by
land ana water, it is a most favorable point
for manufactories.
The city, generally, is healthy and clean,
and the climate is unsurpassed anywhere
in Canada. It is, therefore, a desirable
place for residence. It possesses all, or
nearly all, the appliances and advantages
of a well-equipped modern city, such as
electric light, pure water, electric street
cars, telephone connection with ail the
surrounding country as far as Portland,
Or., telegraph connection everywhere,
daily mails, daily newspaper, railway and
steamship connection to every civilized
country on the earth. That the destiny of
the city is great no one acquainted with
i its position, resources and trade facilities
can doubt, and capital and enterprise will
j some day make it one of the chief cities of
the Pacific Coast.
Secretary Board of Trade.
HYPNOTISM USED IN COURT.
Verdict of a Jury Rendered Under Pe
cnliar Circumstances.
"Hypnotism," remarked the professor
to a Star reporter, "is a most peculiar
power. A dozen years ago, when hypno
tism bad not been Triibyed into its pres
ent fame, I was one of twelve jurymen in
a murder trial. It was an intelligent jury,
too — "
"Of course," laughed the reporter,
"otherwise you would not have been
there."
•'That's all right," smiled the professor,
"but our intelligence was of no great
value to us. The case was one of murder,
in which the murderer gained a fortune
by getting an heir out of the way and
taking his ulace. The trial did not take
place until two years after the death of the
victim, and the evidence was very nearly
circumstantial, but it was a remarkably
clear case of circumstances. Well, there
wasn't anything peculiar or interesting
that wouldn't nave happened at any mur
der trial, but tiie prisoner was extraor
dinary, at least, as to his eyes, which were
of the piercing kind one reads of in stories
to chill the blood.
"He did not us^e them, however, to any
! extent until all the evidence was in and
t lie attorneys began their talk. Then he
turned them upon the jury and fastened
them there, as if pleading with us to save
! him. All the arguments were in by 6
: o'clock the tir>t day and the Judge began
to charge the jury. All the soul of the
j prisoner seemed, then, to be in his eyes,
| and I could not get mv mind on anything
but the prisoner. What the Judge was
| saying seemed to be a far-off whisper,
; vague and indistinct. Whether the other
| jurymen were affected as I was I did not
, Know, because I hardly realized that there
was any one on the jury except myself
and that the prisoner was looking at me
■ for help.
'I had an indistinct idea that he was
unworthy to be saved, bnt in spite of my
selr I could not bring myself to condemn
; mm. Then the jury was sent out, tne
eyes of Ihe prisoner following until the
door was between us. I was the foreman
and as soon as we had entered the room
and sat down I said, 'Gentlemen, the
prisoner is not guilty.' My statement was
assented to without a dissenting voice ana
in live minutes' time we were in the box
again and ten minutes' later the prisoner
was profusely thanking us for a verdict in
bis favor.
"Then he left the courtroom quickly
and the jury was discharged. We walked
out as if we were dazed, the most peculiar
and uncomfortable feeling I ever exDe
nenced, and I went to bed that night feel
ing as if I were smothering. Next morn
ing I was all right again, and I made it a
point to question mv fellow-jurymen. In
each case I discovered an experience simi
lar to mine, but we hardly dared to say
we had been hypnotized. That winter a
traveling hypnotist came to town, and
that jury put iiself in his hands at a pri
vate seance, and every man on it was what
is called a 'sensitive.' That settled the
business. The prisoner had hypnotized
the jury and had received a verdict as he
wanted it, but it was not to be retracted,
and the verdict stood."— Washington Star.
Slabbed in the Arm.
Durinjj a row at 1119 a Kearny street last
night Sublno Esta bar was stabbed in the left
arm by Longi Riveles. The latter was arrested
for an assault to commit murder. The knife
blade severed an artery and Estabar lost con
siderable blood.
The trouble seems to have grown out of the
arrest of Thomas Delgardo, who was locked up
for robbery at the instance of Estabar. The
latter said that Deljrardo robbed him of a
watch and chain on Saturday night.
A Broad Hint.
"Madam, you have here certainly a
most charming country residence, but
don't you hnd it rather dull sometimes?"
"Dull! Not in the least, I assure you;
we have so very few visitors, i am thank
ful to say."— Fliegende Biaetter, i
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
SILVER WAVES
SWEEP OREGON,
Union Bimetallists Will
Hold a Convention at
McMinnville.
FAVOR BOTH METALS.
Converts Made in Republican,
Democratic and People's
Party Ranks.
DECLARE FOR PROTECTION.
They Demand a Discriminating Tariff
Against God - Standard
Countri s.
SALEM, Or., June 28.— Yamhill and
Ltine counties lay claim to the distinction
oi first giving birth in the Northwest to
the new political movement known as the
Union Bimetallic party, which, without
State organization, elected three represen
tatives to the Legislature and carried Yam
hill County in the recent election. The
Union Bimetallists have issued a call for a
State convention at McMinnville on July
I 9, and will follow up the victory already
achieved by State organization. The con
vention will seat 300 delegates, and it is
creating no little stir among the wiseacres
of other faiths, notwithstanding the ex
istence of this party has been resolutely
ignored.
In almost every county in the State lead
ers of the new party are causing meetinga
j to be held at which delegates to the con
j vention are beiug elected. Chairman
John C. Young of the People's party State
Central Committee will be a delegate. Gov.
i Lord has been requested to preside at
j the opening, but he has pleaded other en
gagements.
The leading spirit of the movement is
Colonel J. C. Cooper of McMinnville, who
framed the platform and who is chairman
of the convention. The convention will
be composed of men who favor a platform
of goid and silver as standard money, are
| opposed to a single gold standard and fa-
I vor the free and unlimited coinage of
both. The platform of the bimetallists, to
which silver Democrats and silver Repub
licans, Populists and middle-of-the-road
Independents are subscribinc, declares for
! a tariff for revenue sufficient to meet na
! tional expenses, with protection to Ameri
! can labor and its products, the use of both
I gold and silver as standard money and not
| a gold standard alone, a discriminating
j tariff against gold countries, no more
j bonds, postal savings banks, the election
j of United States Senators by direct vote of
j th,e people, restriction of all un-American
' immigration, the cutting down of all legis
lative appropriations and extra salaries
and the reduction of State, county and
municipalc ipal expenses.
CALL TO REPUBLICAN CLUBS.
President Kinney Urges That Fourth
and Fifth District Leagues Be
Organized.
LOS AN<iELES, Cal., June 28.— The
following call has been issued by the
President of tha California State League
of Republican Clubs:
Headquarters California State League)
of Republican Clubs, i
Los Axgeleh, Juue 27, 1896.)
To the Republican Clubs of San Francisco: The
National Convention of Republican Clubs will
beheld at the city of Milwaukee on August
25-27, 189(5. This convention will be com
posed of two delegates at large from each
State and two delegates from each Congres
sional District in which there shall be one or
more permanent Republican clubs, together
with the president and secretary of each State
Leanue.
It is highly important that the Fourth and
Fifth Congressional districts be organized
at once so that our great State may be prop
erly represented at the above National Con
vention.
It is earnestly urged that the distric leagues
be organized at once. These organizations,
when once ttarted, are always kept in working
order by the enthusiasm accumulated every
two years in the Congressional elections, and
they nre always the means of bringing the
energetic and ambitious young men of the
pariy to the front.
The following constitution is recommended
by the National League executive committee:
ARTICLE I— NAME AND OBJECT.
Section 1. The name of this organization
shall be the District Republican League
of California.
Sec. 2. The object is to promote in every
legitimate way the success of the Republican
party, its principles and candidates.
Sec 3. The league shall not be used in any
way to further the interests of any candidate
for office previous to nomination.
ARTICLE II— PLAN.
Section 1. The perfected plan of organization
for the Republican League of California shall
include a "league" in each Congressional Dis
trict in ihe State, a "league" in each county
and one or more "clubs" in each tow* or city.
ARTICLE III— MEMBERSHIP
Section 1. Any resident of the district who
will support the principles of the Republican
party shall be eligible to membership in the
local clubs.
ARTICLE IV— OFFICERS.
Section 1. The officers of the District
Republican League of California shall consist
of a president, a secretary, a treasurer and one
vice-president from each county in the district,
who shall be the president of the county
league. All said officers shall be elected an
nually, bnt shall hold their office until their
successors are elected. 11 no county president
is elected in any one year before the 4th day
of July, then the district president shall ap
point such county presi<3e»t, who shall then
become a vice-president of the district league,
or, ii a vacancy occurs (or any reason in the
office of county president, then the district
president shall fill the vacancy, oy aDpoint
merit, until his successor is duly elected and
has accepted the office.
ARTICLE V— STANDING O>MMITTEKS.
Section 1. There shall be three standingcom
mittees, viz., executive, finance and organiza
tion.
See. 2. Executive— The executive committee
shall consist of the district president, secre
tary, treasurer and the president of each
county league. Its duties shall be to enforce
the provisions of the constitution and by-laws.
The president shall call district conventions
and rallies. At the recommendation of two or
more clubs a temporary president will be ap
pointed by the State Lea?ue to call a conven
tion of clubs in each district, i
The State League srreatly Jesires the names
of the various clubs iv San Francisco and the
names of their officers. These should be Kept
in close touch with one another, and to effect
this the immediate formation of district
leagues isaavised. These loupues will all bo
furnished with campaign literature irom the
State League headquarters.
As the date oi the Milwaukee convention is
not far oft", the leading clubs of Sun Francisco
should not delay action, for their strength de
mands proper representation.
All communications or inquiries will be
cheerfully answered. A. \\\ Kixkey,
President California State League.
George Francis,
Secretary California State League,
001 Bellevue avenue, Los Angeles, Cal.
LOVELY BICYCLE COSTUMES.
The Effect of a White Outfit on a Warm
and Sunny Morning.
And speaking of white stockings re
minds me that some foolhardy soul i 3 en
deavoring to revive their memory in the
world of fashion. White silK stockings
and dainty black satin slippers, sparkling
with jeweled embroideries, are now indeed
considered the derni»r cri. No matter
how lacy the hosiery be, however, or how
perfect the slipper tnu' inoloses it, the
white stocking can never be an a Iniirable
E. V. Jacobson, One of the Columbia Pistol and Kit'le Club's Best All-Round
Marksmen.
[From a photograph. ]
covering for the foot of beauty. They are
seen frequently (and rather more of them
than is perhaps intended by their wearers)
in Hyde Park, where the bicyclists most
do congregate.
Wheel-women wear them entirely en
suite — white hat, white gown, white stock
ings and white shoes — and the effect on a
warm and sunny morning is decidedly
pretty. Yesterday morning I saw Lady
Sophie Cadogan, the daughter of the Vice
roy of Ireland, wheeling with her fiancee,
Sir Samuel Scott, in the direction of the
Serpentine. Lady Sophie, who is tall,
slim and graceful, was wearing a perfectly
cut frock of pure white silky alpaca, the
coat bodice buttoning with large ivory
di«ks over a white siik shirt, with stiff
collar and a pale blue tie. The h»t, of
white Panama straw, was trimmed with
rosettes of tulle and a cluster of corn flow
ers, and the capitally hung skirt fell over
neat-ribbed white silk stockings and wnite
doeskin shoes.
White gloves and the sparkling nickel
of a remarkably smart wheel made the
whole effect charming. Miss Muriel Wil
son is another lovely girl who goes in for
absolute accord in her bicycling costume,
and she frequently affects Mephistophe
lean scarlet, from her small toque to the
tip of her morocco shoes. Miss Wilson is
a very splendid brunette and can stand
the rather startling attire admirably.
Very charming also is a dove-gray bicy
cling dress that I notice frequently in the
park. As in the other two instances,
everything matches, from the hat to the
tip of the gray suede shoes. — London Cor
repondent Mail and Express.
A THRIFTY COMMUNITY.
The Success of the Mennonite Colony
Established in Manitoba in 1874.
The following statement regarding the
success of the Mennonite Co-operative
Colony in Manitoba has been, attested by
Mr. Hespeier, German Consul at Winni
peg: The 180 families who settled <in
Manitoba in 1874 have increased by immi
gration and natural increase to 2900 fami
lies, numbering 20,000 souls. They have
235,160 acres under cultivation.
Last year they harvested 3500 bushels of
grain, exclusive of flax. Of flax they
raised 950,000 bushels. They own 11,000
horses. 8300 cows and 10,000 young cat
tle. In 1874-75-76 they borrowed $195,
-000 from the Dominion Government, at
5 per cent interest, and from their
brethren at Waterloo, Ontario, $20,000 witn
out interest. In 1891 they had repaid the
whole amount of these bonds with interest,
and they are now quite free from debt,
and prosperous in every respect. Some of
the Mennonites thought to better their
condition by going to Washington, Ore
gon and South Dakota. > Most of them had
returned from the far West, and all had
come back from South Dakota, pleased to
be in Manitoba once more. The Men
nonites settlement is on the Pern bin a, a
branch of the Canadian Pacific .Railway
in Northern Manitoba.
The creed of these peculiar people for
bids them to carry arms. They were
originally expelled from • Germany by
Frederic* VIII, and settled in Russia,
where the Empress Catherine granted
them exemption from military service for
105 years. Finding there was little prob
ability of a further exemption they emi
grated to Canada, where the Government
granted them a fertile tract of land and
freedom from military service forever.
— « • — — — — -- .
The soil of Cuba is so fertile that in some
sections four crops a year are raised.
A DAY AMONG
THE RIFLEMEN,
Hundreds of Marksmen
Compete for Prizes at
Shell Mound.
A MAN FROM STOCKTON.
D. Galbraith Shows That He .Is
Not a Novice With" a
Revolver.
THE GERMAN SHARPSHOOTERS.
Lively Competition for Bullseye Purses
and Class Medals — Military
Shots.
There was a very large attendance at the
Shell Mound rifle range yesterday, every
target being in use all day. The riarks
men had a number oi difficulties to con-
tend with. The light was very poor, vary
ing from a bright glare to a deceptive
shade, while the wind cut all manner of
capers along the range. For all that a
number of good scores were worked in be
tween times, which encouraged the shoot
ers to greater efforts.
The regular shoot of the Columbia Pistol
and Rifle Club was not as largely attended
as upon the days when the club's class
medals are at stake. However, there were
enough present to make the sport interest
ing, as many were there who simply
wanted to practice.
There was considerable work done on
the pistol range, which will tell later in
the more important events. J. E. Gorman.
C. M. Daiss and A. H. _*ape were well to
the front on the Blanding pistol medal
scores, and before the year is over the
rivalry promises to be even more keen
than at present. Gorman yesterday got
four flaizs in his scores, which will insure
him a goodly slice in the cash prizes.
D. Galbraith of Stockton was a guest of
the club and he had with him his44-cali
ber revolver, his performances with the
weapon showed that t c Stocktonian was
not a novice in pistol shooting. With the
small target firearms used by the club Mr.
Galbraith won for himself much praise.
Following were the scores made on the
pistol range, Columbia target:
Pistol, Blanding medal, three shots— Open to
all cnmers: J. E. Gorman 8, 0, 10, 10; CM.
Daiss 8.10,11; F. O. Young 15, 18; D. Gal-
Drnithlti; K. Jacobson 19.
Pocket revolver, Carr medal, 5 shots— M. J.
White 34, 39,29.
W. Glinderroann astonished himself and
friends late in the afternoon by getting
two flaps, showing that he hit the one inch
center on the Columbia target. A. H.
Pape did some fair work with the musket.
The scores wer« as follows:
Pimond medal— W. Glindeman 9.
Target rifle— Unfred medal— F. O. Young 10,
H. H. Burfiend27.
Military rifle, Giindeman medal —A. H.
Pape 46, 45.
Record medal— E. Jacobson 67, O. Schinkel
134.
Most flags— D. YV. McLaughlln 2, A. H. Pape
1, F. O. Young 1, W. Giindeman 2.
Two of the German snapshooting clubs
held their bullseye shoot, and in each
hundreds of tickets were soid. After the
targets were down for the day the scorers
were kept busy for a long time with the
measuring machines to determine the
winners of the cash prizes. The prize
winners and their points are annexed.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein— First prize,
A. H. Pape, 298 points; second, C.Thurbach,
420; third, H. Burfiend, 508; fourth, H. Hell
berg, 513; fifth, F. Kocb, 522; sixth, A.
Mi Ckfr, 567 : seventh. H. Zecker, 627; eighth,
C. Nobman, 642; ninth, J. Utschig, 658; tenth,
\V (ilindeman, 703; elevnth, L. Bendel,
728; twelfth, R. Finking, 779; thirteenth, N.
An runs, 821; fourteenth, O. Lemeice, 864;
fifteenth, J. C. Waller, 905; sixteenth, K. A.
Gotz, 93»; seventeenth, A. Jungblut, 941;
eighteenth, C. F. Rush, 979; nineteenth, John
Ben tier, 1015; twentieth, George Alpcs,
1027.
Germania Schuetzen Clnb— First prize. G.
Alp< -rs, 310 point*; second, H. Zecker, 327;
third, C. F. Rust. 492; fourth, L. N. Ritzau,
641; fifth, D. B. Fakton. 667; sixth, A. Mocker,
818; seventh, J. U. Hrnise, 937; eighth, F. P.
Schuster, 966; ninth. W. Giindeman, 1011.
The regular monthly medal shoot
of the Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, 25
-ring German target, resulted in the follow
ing winners and their records :
First class, H. Burfiend 404; second class,
J. Lankman 362; third class, F. Bust 332;
fonrth class, A. F. Meyer 281 ; first best sbot.
O. Lemcke 24. last best shot, George Alpers 24.
The attendance of military maikamen
oa the ranee was larger than usual, and
the scores of many on tne military target
were very good. They stood as follows:
Company M— Captain O'Neil 29, Lieutenant
Hoff&n 40, Sergeant Sontag 36, Sergeant
Cobby 38, Corporal Farcum 31, Corporal
Stroth 35, Bell 23, W. Bun linger 25, G.
Buhlinger 28, Childs 20. Murphy 38, Lyons
24, Nutter 27, Jordan SI. Coffee 14, Mein
hardt 25, Adams 15. Bradley 16, Ayhens 3*5.
Company F— Piukert 34, Nathan 24, Hol
steln 39, Ruine 24, Lieutenant Nippert 38,
Corporal Moore 39. Corporal Turton 35,
O'Brien 34, Bower 2<, Gorman 41, Wagner 35,
Serjeant lverson 41, isergeant Cook 42, McNeil
37, Sergeant Codingtnn 41, Sheridan 2t>, Dever
29, Fitzgerald 39. Weutzol 27, Paul 26, Cor
poral Doseher 37, Captain Miller 36, Willard
41, Pratt 41, Dolan 81, Eisfeider 38.
Company X— P. Brunntti 44, Sergeant Bar
ley 41, Sergeant Cohn 34, Brunkhe 33, Helms
38, Cassidy 32, Smaltz 32, Wider 35, iones 32,
Corporal Myers 39, E. J. Jacobson 44, Warne
kras 35.;
Company I— C. Striupel 38, Sergeant Leme
teyer 43, A. Blawat 38, Sergeant V. J. Fell 32,
Captain R. Richter 39, Corporal Bucking 33,
Sergeant O. Huber 36, Pbilborn 21, Reddell
20, Corporal Gillis 37, J. Powers 30, Sunder
land 37, Serjeant Sbeehan 38, A. Martin 41,
Lieutenant Tobin 45, Cotten 43.
Company B— A. T. Hammerson 32, G. Heiz
mnn 40, W. H. Krug 30, C. Lindecker 39, J.
Fetz 43, A. E. Apthorpe 44, R. A. Gibbs 39, A.
Fowler 25. Charles Perry 42, E. B. Peppin 42,
Gus Ungerman 36, J. B. Wear 39, E. C. Cordelt
29, George Mills 42, Captain Kilmer 38, L. R.
Townsend 38, C. Lemon 32, J. J. Yaeffer 37, H.
B. Taylor 42, E. C. Lundquist 40, E. Filmer 28,
L. Zimmerman 39, G. Sullivan 41, F. Baum
gartner 44, W. J. Hayes 41.
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Baumeister and Archer Tie on the
Double-Rest Medal Rifie
Contest.
The sixth monthly doable-rest shoot for
the medals offered by the management of
Schuetzen Park took place yesterday. F.
Scbuemann, the manager, offered a dia
mond and a gold medal for the contestants
making the best seven strings during the
year. The shoot is held on the fourth
Sunday of each month.
The best shooting yesterday was done
by Messrs. Baumeister and Archer, who
tied at 230 on ten shots. Following are
the scores:
R. Linger 206, P. Baumeister 230, L. C. Babln
202, M. Reubold 209, W. Notden 202, T. S. Archer
230, Mrs. A. Langer 222, Mia* 1_ Utschig 216, D.
W. McLauenlic 225, Mrs. J. Utschig 227, J.
Utschig 227, J. stiinion 217.
FORTY FAST DOGS RUN.
Unusually Good Sport at Ingle
side Coursing Park
Yesterday.
Reliance and Spinaway Prims Vic
tors—A S ; _ty.FouT Dog S ake to
Be Run in Jay.
An unusually large crowd was at the
Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday to see
the forty dog stake run off. Betting was
particularly lively all day and tne hare 3
ran better than usual. The judging of
John Grace and the slipping of James
Grace were satisfactory to everybody con
cerned.
Cronin & McDonald's Reliance beat
nearly all the cloys on the course. J.
Larkey's Spinaway also did splendidly.
Although she had two no goes she went
out and beat Electric.
The running was a 8 follows:
Villa Kennel's Electric beat L. E. Cohen's
Captain Jim, J. Sullivan's Little Tom beat Dil
lon and Reilly's Bill Xye, D. Toland's Twilight
beat D. Tweedie's White Rustic, D. Toland'h
Fireman beat J. Bradshaw's Famous, A. Mer
rill's Tommy Hall beat J. Bradshaw's May
Belle, Dillon and Reilly's Queen i>eat P. Gor
man's Domino, W. Dalton's Riley Urannan
beat T. Dickson's Corte Madera, T. Butler's
Susie feat ft. Dalton 's Sally McClennan. D.
Voland's Long John beat v. Rushes Miss
Brummel, Cronin & McDonald's Reliance beat
J. Tracy's Crap, Cronin & McDonald's Rosa B
beat Villa Kennel's Bonnie Lass, P. Ryan's
Magpie beat P. Gorman's Kingston, J. Moran's
Uncle Sam beat A. Moore's Monitor, P. Gor
man's Wane beat S. Lehman's Nellie C, A. Mer
ril's Snowbird beat J. Sexsmith's Mission Boy,
C. C. Griswold's Great Scott beat E. Campbell's
Cocktail, J. Larkey's Spinaway bent W. Bench
ley's John W, J. Larkey's True Blue beat J. E.
Cohen's Livintc Yet, Dillon & Reilly's Funol
beat J. Mizner's Typewriter, D. Dunlea's Even
inn Star beat E. Price's Jumper.
First ties— Electric beat Little Tom, Twilight
beat Tommy Hall. Fireman beat Queen B,
Susie beat Riley Grannan, Reliance beat Long
John, Magpie beat Ro.«i B, Wave beat Uncle
Sam. Snowbird beat Great Scott, Spinaway
beat True Blue, Hunol beat Evening: Star.
Second ties— Electric beat Twilight, Susie
beat Fireman, Reliance beat Magpie, Wave
beat Snowbird, Spinaway beat Sunol.
Third ties— Electric beat Susie, Reliance beat
Wave, Spinaway beat A Bye.
Fourth ties— Spinaway beat Electric, Re
liance beat A Bye.
Final— Reliance beat Spinaway.
A sixty-four-dog stake will be run at the
Ineleside Park on July 4 and 5 under the
auspices of the Ingleside Coursing Xlub.
The proprietors of the park will add $50 to
the prizes. The drawings will take place
at Delta Hall, 1014 Market street, next
Thursday.
The Alt* Gnn Clnb.
The Altß Gun Club held its weekly shoot at
ihe Seven-mile House at twenty-five blue
rocks, the conditions being unknown angles,
known traps, and the following scores were
made: Holden 16, Russ 18. C. L. Bmith 12,
Cull 20, Uanzert 8, Dwyer 10, Walpert 11, Van
dall 8, Younxman 5, Mullen 11. The club will
hold a live-bird shoot at the same place on
Sunday, July 5.
After the longest and possibly the most
extraordinary sitting on record the Cana
dian House of Commons adjourned at five
minutes to 12 on a recent Saturday eight.
The sitting had lasted continuously since
3 o'clock tne previous Monday — a period
of 129 hours. The measure under discus
sion was a schools bill, and the debate was
largely of an obstructive nature.
NEW TO-DAY. '
JULY NUMBER ■ ■ JrTlßm ■ ■■ ■ M NOW READY
IMPORTANT COOP STORIES
ARTICLES LANGDON TWO MORMONS FROM
.^ ELWYN MUDDLETY
M ITCH ELL The opening chapters of a novelette.
GENERAL WASHINGTON Illustrated by Gilbert Gaul.
and the period of the Revolution. By ■»- THE
Wooorow Wilson. w . E. DOWAGFR'<; companion
Illustrated by Howard Pylx. wonwlB A story of KngUsh fashionable life.
BY HON. HENRY CABOT - cT _ ur | THE CABINET ORGAN
LODGE rijNrr A short story of the Middle est.
A piquant description of I^fL Illustrated by Clifford Carl-tow.
'.' ■ ENGLISH ELECTIONS ' THE LOVE-LETTERS OF
JULIAN SUPERFINE GOLD
BY LAURENCE H UTTO RALPH A Chinese romance.
LITERARY LANDMARKS OF VENICE Illustrated by C. V. m eldon.
Illustrated by F. V. Dv T A FOOL TO FAME
E. A. A humorous story of American _rti»t Ufa
ALEXANDER abroad.
An Illustrated paper on the distinctive ' Pictures by John W. Alexander.
characteristics of
OHIO _____________ Conclusion of
By President Charles F.Thwing, of the J °KENDRICK A REBELLIOUS HEROINE
Western Reserve University! ""gig. ..^KwSh,,
SSSS«SS^SSSSS^ WwU £& C^ Mk JsL I t£ JBSSBSSBSSSBSSSI
"BETTER WORK WISELY THAN WORK HARD."
GREAT EFFORTS ARE UNNECESSARY IN
HOUSE CLEANING IF YOU USE
SAPOLIO
LOOKING FOR
ANOTHER WITNESS,
Attorneys for the Fair
Children Following a
Forlorn Hope.
MARRIAGE CONTRACT.
Mrs. Craven-Fair Causes the Op
posing Counsel Great Mental
Distress.
STORY CF THREE WITNESSES.
Two Women and a Man Who Think
They Can Throw Some Light on
the Pencil Will.
Mrs. Nettie Craven - Fair is not tne
least disturbed over the alleged discovery
of three witnesses who will swear that on
September 24, 1894, the date of the now
famous pencil will, James G. Fair was se
riously ill in his apartments at the Lick
-louse.
The chief surprise of the widow is that
these witnesses did not n umber six, nine
or twelve, instead of three, all of whom are
from one family. William Elliott, wtfe
and daughter are the persons referred to,
and the story that the two Jast named tell
is one so extremely questionable as to find
credence only in the minds of the attor
neys for the fair children.
Elliott is a bartender in Castro's Mont
gomery-street saloon. About tne time of
the writing of the pencil will, so Mrs. El
liutt says, a frend of hers died, leaving
two children. The bartender endeavored
to get passes for the orphans to Los An
geles, but the Southern Pacific could not
see it that way, suggesting that an appeal
be made to some wealthy or charitable
person.
Mrs. Elliott, accompanied by her daugh
ter, accordingly called on Senator Fair at
the Lick House, but he was. so she says,
too ill to see any one. The valet told
them this, and he, according to this story,
volunteered the additional information
that for three days the millionaire bad
been too sick to see any one but his physi
cian. It was during this interesting inter
change of words between Mrs. Elliott and
Fair's servant that the daughter inno
cently ambled over to a pair of heavy
portieres and is stated to have heard
what Heggerty and Knight now believe
will assist them materially in getting at
the true facts of the case. From beyond
the heavy coverings came the sound of
voices — a man and woman in earnest con
versation. Distinctly, according to this
remarkable statement, she heard a woman
say, "If we could only get him to sign it."
At least such is the story told by Miss
Elliott and her mother. The young
woman, after hearing the tell-tale words,
discreetly withdrew to the side of her
mother, and then the couple left the room.
Fair's secretary, however, gave a sufficient
sum of money to enable the bartender's
wife to send the two children to Los An
geles. In any event Mrs. Elliott wrote to
the aunt of the orphans informing her of
their departure. When Mrs. Craven-Fair
produced the pencil will Mrs. Elliott pro
fessd to remember that the case of the two
orphans came up about that time. She
wrote for the letter above referred to and
was fortunate enough to have it returned.
The date is SeptemDer 25, 1894, or the day
following her call at the L<ick House.
All this, however, gives Mrs. Craven-
Fair no uneasiness. She is confident of
her position, and declares it was nothing
more than was to be expected.
"We have heard of all this," said pretty
Miss Margaret Craven yesterday, "and I
assure you that mother is not the least dis
turbed over it. Mother's attorneys have
instructed her not to talk for publication
at present, though you can say that this
latest story is without fo undation in fact."
While the attorneys for the Fair heirs
are busy looking after their own fences
they are not forgetting those built by Mrs.
Craven -Fair. That lady stated in open
court that there was possibly one person
who knew that she was Fair's wtfe.
Knight and Heggerty have been assidu
ously endeavoring to find this person.
Her name, it appears, is Mrs. Rhind of
Jones street, but so far the attorneys have
signally failed in their efforts to draw her
out. She declared yesterday that she bad
absolutely nothing to tell except that a
sister of hers had occupied the upper flat
of the Sutter-street house where the con
tract marriage between Mrs. Craven and
Senator Fair was signed.
Mrs. Rhind failed to tell where this
sister could be found, though she was oon
fident that no information could be gained
in that quarter. In any event the counsel
opposing Mrs. Craven-Fair have so far
failed to refute any of the testimony
given by the widow before Judge Slack.FOREIGN FLAGS
AND THE FOURTH,
The Text of Rev. Dr. Case's
Prelude to His
Sermon.
TALKS OF IMMIGRATION.
A Word for the Class of For
eigners Who Came to This
Country in the Past.
THE RATIO OF POPULATION.
America for Americans and Only
" Old G ory " !o Be Floated in
This Country.
In the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church yesterday Rev. Dr. Case gave as a
pre ude to his sermon "Foreign Flags and
the Fourth of July." He said:
ihe total foreign-born population of our
untry is now not less than 12,000,000,
nearly a fifth of our total population. Count
ing their children to-day our country contains
-LOOO.OOO of foreign birth and parentage,
arW in our great cities, like Chicago and San
Francisco, four persons out of five are of for
eign birth or parentage.
We have twice as many Irishmen in America
as they have in all Ireland, and we shall soon
have to emigrate to Ireland if we would escape
Irish rule. We have one Norwegian for every
three in Norway, one Swede for every five in
Sweden and a Dane for every eight in Den
mark.
Cp to twenty years ago the best of the world
came to us by immigration— not as now, the
aged and decrepit, the paupers, anarchists and
criminals. To the lmuiijrr&nts who came pre
vious to 1870 we owe much of our greatness
an a nation. They felled our forests, built our
cities, enlarged our commerce, made our rivers
navigable, dug our c-annl.i, built our railroads.
If no Welsh or Cornish had come, who would
have unlocked the stone doors in Pennsylvania
and brought forth the black diamonds? If no
Irish had come, who would have built our rail
roads and docks— and for that matter recruited
our police force and run our city govern
ment? If no Germans or Swedes had come,
who would have sealed the great Northwest
and driven the piow through the virgin soil of
our prairies?
Washington -aid: "Would we were rid oi
aii the ioreigners save La Fayette," and Jeffer
son wished the Atlantic were a sea of flame;
but if there had been no immigration alter
independence was secured, we might have
been a" very select Nation, but we cer
tainly should not have been a very great
oue. We must not forget that the Huguenots
who settled the South, the Dut^a who settled
New York and the Puritans who settled New
Kugland were all immigrants. Nor must we
forget that during the laic war thousands of
men of foreign birth freely left their adopted
homes and volunteered in our armies, and
were the peers of native-born citizens in hero
ism and loyalty. English, Irish, Scotch and Ger
man blood ininjrled on a hundred battle-fields;
men from the Tweed, the Thames, the Shan
non and the Rhine marched in our armies,
stood their ground in the fiery front of battle,
and shouted— many of them in broken Eng
lish— ihe watchwords of. the Union. One-fourilx
of the Union Army wa> composed of foreigners,
and that iact ought to rebuke any narrow
Americanism.
I bear hearty tribute to the excellent char
acter of many of our foreign-born fellow
citizens; many of them are in iiearty sym
pathy with American institutions and are
better Americans than some men born on
American »oii. They were, not born in
America, but America was born in them. But
the character of our iinir.igratlon has changed
in the last twenty years. Look, for example,
at our immigrants from Italy. Formerly they
were from Lombardy and Piedmont— grand
men of a grand race. But now we have the
lazzaroni of Naples and the banditti of Sicily—
peanut-venders, organ-grinders, tamale-ped
dlers or stiit-Uo-flouriiihers and Mafia mur
derers—and the worst of it is that oue ol our
High School boys, whose father died fighting
for his country, as he walks up to the polls to
cast his maiden vote has that vote neutralized
by one of these fellows, who could not tell the
constitution of the United States from a cigar
store sign. Look at the pursuits of many of
the foreign element in this country. Late
prison statistics show that 75 per cent of the
Irish convicts find their way here— and oue
can well believe it from the number of political
, ward-heelers, saloon-keepers and pug
prize-fighters which ihat nationality fur
nishes. In New England in 1870 the foreign
born element furnished 20 per cent of the
population, aud that element furnished 75 i
percent of the crime. That is, it was twelve
times as much disposed to crime as the native
stock.
Kully 90 per cent of the saloon-keepers of
this city are of foreign birth or parentage.
Aud this gives us a glimpse at the political as
pects of immigration. It is immigiation which
sustains the liquor power; and there is a
whisky vote. Immigration is the strength of |
the Roman Catholic Church and there is a |
very compact Catholic vote. Immigration is !
the mother and nurse of anarchism; and there
is an anarohisr.e vote. Immigration tends
strongly to our cities and gives them their po
litical complexion. And there is no more se
rious menace to our civilization than our rab
ole and boss ruled and saloon-cursed cities. I
have stood at Castle Garden aud have seen the
great ocean steamers come in past the Goddess
oi Liberty, aud when they had discharged
their load" hat tury Park was black with those
creatures with the thirty-seven distinct smells
of the immigrant steerage still upon them.
Most of them were paupers bringing noth
ing with them, as Mrs. Partiugton says, "'but a
sarcophagus and an elementary canai." And I
said what a pity the American people should
mingle this brutal and decadent strain with
its fresh and vigorous blood.
We must do three things: 1. Check foreign
immigration. 2. Require a longer residence
and a higher intelligence qualification of for
eigners before admitting them to citizenship.
We must not cast our pearls before swine nor
give our children's brrad ;o dogs. 3. We must
insist that these adopted fellow citizens shall
be Americans— not hyphenated Americans—
not Irish-Americans, l.or German-Americans,
nor Italian-Americans, but plain Americans.
When the Irishman comes 'here we want him
to leave his hyphen and his shillelagh behind
him! The man who comes here to w«ge a
political campaign on European issues, to
bring over here tne animosities and the strifes
<;f Europe, is an enemy to our institutions and
a traitor to tne flag that shelters him. Neither
the orange nor the green has any business in
America— a plague on both your houses— red,
white and blue have got to be your colors here,
gentlemen! There is only room for one lan
guage to be taught in our public schools, and
that is the English, und there Is only room for
one flag in our sky, just as there is room for
only one God in heaven.
A few years ago, in spite of the veto of Mayor
Hewitt, a true Araerieau, old glory was pulled
down from the New York City Hall on the 17th
of Ireland and the green rag hoisted in its
place. That can never occur again in New
York, for there was such an outburst of indig
nation that the Legislature passed and Gov
ernor Flower promptly signed a law forbidding
the hoisting of any foreign flag over any pub- j
■ie building, except foreign consulates, in the
Empire State.
We are going; to have a law in this country
before long that old glory must lead every
procession in this land or that procession does
not march, und it shall be the only flag borue
through our streets on Independence day.
But whence comes this insolent demand for
(he flaunting of a foreign flag on a day that
is sacred to American memories? It only
comes irom one quarter. There is no clamor
lrom Germans, or English, or French, to carry
their honored banners, that for a thousand
years have braved the battle and the breeze,
:n an American Fourth of Juiy procession.
A.nd there is no demand that the green flag
siiftll share the glory that day with the stars
and stripes from our fellow citizens of Irish
birth, with one significant exception, and it
ill beL-omes the priests of Koine to clamor for
the green flag in America, for it is the badge of
their infamy.
It is not the fault of the Irish people that
their flag alone oi all the banners of the na
tions means nothing at home or abroad, on
oca or shore. It is the work of the Komish
hierarchy, which breathes on nothing it does
not blight, and controls nothing it does not
curse, and which never extended a helping
hand to a prostrate people, that unhappy Ire
hind is a mendicant at the world's gates to
rtuy her soldiers iv every array except her
own, her flag of the harp and shamrock every
where except on her own soil.
I would proscribe no man on account of his
rt-.ce or his religion. Ift el like the old lady
who, when she saw a surpiiced boy choir for
the first time and was asked bow she liked
them, "Well," said she, "I don't like the way
they wear their shirts, but if their hearts are
right I am satisfied.*
No religious test, brethren, in America!
If anything is un-American proscribing a
man because of his religion is un-American.
If this republic stands for anything it stands
for liberty of conscience, and I would defend
that of my Catholic fellow-citizen as I would
my own with my last dropof blood. Religious
freedom! Roger Williams, the Protestant, and
Lord Baltimore, the Catholic, shook hands on
that.
1 can never be a bigot in religion, but I am a
bigot about the flag. That bigotry was worn
into some of us by long marches and worried
into us by much drilling; it was chilled into
us by lonely picket duty and soaked into us by
lying in the trenches and sleeping iv the mud;
it was filtered into us by the dews of night and
drizzled into us by the rains of heaven ; it was
starved into us on half a hard tack a day; it
was trampled into us by iron hoofs and
crushed into us by artillery wheels; it was
blown into us by shot and shell and thrust into
us by bayonet and suber.
Ana so we say that the old flag is good
enough for us, and if it is not pood enough for
Father Yorke I'll engage to raise a handsome
subscription to ship him and all likeminded
with him back to Ireland!
WILL GO TO EL CAMPO.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians Are
Preparing for a Joyous
Fourth.
The general festival committee of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians held the
final meeting yesterday afternoon prior to
the celebration of the National anniver
sary on the Fourth at El Campo.
Captain M. J. Wrin presided and there
was a full attendance of members. The
reports from the different sub-committees
were very encouraging.
Some 200 very fine prizes have been sent
in for gate and games. Special prizes will
be awarded the winners in the jig, reel
and hornpipe contests. An exciting fea
ture of the games will be the tug-of-war
contest between teams from divisions 2
and 3 and 9 and 10.
The oration to be delivered by James H.
Barry of the Star, it was reported, is ex
citing great interest. Mr. Barry is going
to deliver a very strong address and new
matters in connection with the A. P. A.
will be introduced that will create a aen
sation.
Besides the Hibernians, there will be
large numbers present from the other Irish
societies of this City and Oakland and del
egations are coming from Sacramento,
San Jose and other interior cities and
towns. To accommodate comfortably all
who go to the festival, the steamer Uniah
has been chartered, and this large vessel
can carry several thousand people. She ia
the largest and finest excursion boat on
the bay.
Tbe "following gentlemen compose the
general committee, and from them the
sub-committees have been appointed:
Captain Jerome Deasy, county president
(chairman); Rev. D. 6. Crovdey, Bartley
Lee, John Ryall, Captain M. J. Wrin, M.
Fitzgerald, John C. Ryan, J. P. O'Connell,
J. P. Dignan, P. J. " Sullivan, Jennings 1
Phillips, Lawrence C. Cull, Patrick Brod- j
crick, Michael Boden, M. J. Vaughn, Eu
gene O'Connor, John Cousjnlin, Jeremiah]
Kelleher, Patrick Sheehan, John P. Henry,
James Brian, M. Donahoe, J. J. Donahoe,
T. B. Hilliard, J. P. McGoldncK, P. J.
Manning. M. O'Mahoney, Owen McArdle,
Martin Fennell Jr., Martin Tracy, R. J.
O'Reiliy.
DE LA RICH GOING HOME
j Spanish Minister to Japan Re
lieved and on His Way
to Madrid.
Honored by the Empror of Japan.
"Our Attitude In Cu^a Is Our
Historical Duty."
Don Jose de la Rica y Calvo, Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten
tiary to Japan, who arrived on the Gaelic
Saturday night on his way to Spain, left
here yesterday afternoon for New York.
Mr. de la Rica, for such is his name —
Calvo being, according to the ancient
Spanish custom, simply the complimentary
adaition of his mother's family name — has
been relieved at his own request from duty
in Japan in order that be might take some
other Government position, where his
wife and daughter, now in Madrid, might
be with him.
"I have been in Japan two terms," said
he yesterday in his apartments at the
Palace, "first as secretary to the legation
and during the last year as Minister.
"Last August, a month after my arrival
in Japan, 1 signed the treaty entered into
by Japan and Spain in regard to the Isl
and of Formosa. Both countries were
very much interested in that island after
the war. The relations between Japan
and Spain are most friendly. As an indi
cation of that feeling the Emperor of
Japan conferred upon me shortly before
my departure the Grand Cross of the Ris
ing Sun, a token that has been given to
some otiier Ministers Plenipotentiary be
fore .me.
"My successor in Japan is Don Luis la
Barara, formerly Minister to Brazil. I
was stationed at Montevideo, South Amer
ica, three years myself before I accepted
the mission to Japan.
"I am now at the disposal of my Gov
ernment. Where I may be sent Ido not
know, but I asked for a place where my
family could be with me.
"Cuoan relations," remarked the Minis
ter in response to a query, "I fcnow little
about, as I have heard nothing for over
forty days. Our attitude in Cuba is our
historical duty. We received that island
from our ancestors; it came to us by the
discovery of Columbus. To defend and to
preserve it is to guard a tradition and a
heritage. That is the opinion of every
true Spaniard.
"I think at the bottom many Ameri
cans are of the same opinion as the Span
iards. I have sounded a great many
Americans in Japan, officers on your war
ships and others.
"It is a war of races in Cuba. The ma
jority of the insurgents are negroes, with
out morality or breeding."
Don Jose if a man about 40 years of age,
of medium height and slight build, and
wears a full black beard.
HER SKILLFUL EVASION.
How a Captivating Parisian Actress
Escaped Tentifying to Her Age.
A servant robbed Mile. Mars of her dia
monds one evening while she was at the
theater. Arrested, he was put upon trial
and witnesses were summoned to hear tes
timony of his guilt. Among these was
Mile. Mars. She was greatly annoyed at
this, as according to the rules of French
practice the witness after being sworn
gives his age.
Now, the age of Mile. Mars was an im
penetrable mystery. The day of the trial
came, and she was put in t'ue witness-box,
every ear was Dent toward her to catch
the age she would give as her own.
"Your name?" said the presiding Judge.
"Anne Francoise Hippolyte Mars."
"What is your profession ?"
"An actress of the French Comedy."
"What is your age?"
"Umpty years."
"What?" inquired the presiding Judge,
leaning forward.
"I have just told your Honor," replied
the actress, giving one of those irreMsti
ble smiles which won the most hostile
pit.
The Judge smiled in turn, and when lie
asked, as he did immediately, "Where do
you live?" applause long prevented Mile.
Mars from replying.
Loans on watches, jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', IB Grant avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
ENDEAVORERS GO
EAST TO WORK,
Professor Wiles and Dr.
Rader Busy in Wash
ington.
FOR THE '97 CONVENTION
Would Brin? About 25,000 Young
People to San Fran
cisco.
A FUND OF $25,000 NEEDED.
State Delegation to Washington, D. C ,
Will Number About 1500—Sub
scriptions Received.
The California Christian Endeavorers
are going to make a strong effort to secure
the 1897 international convention of that
society for San Francisco.
Tbe convention this year meets In Wash
ington, D. C, and will open July 14. It is
Professor James A. Wiles, President of the Golden Gate Union. Who Has Gone
last to Secure the Endeavorers' Convention for 1397.
[From a photograph by BushnelL]
anticipated that 60,000 delegates will at
tend the convention. California's delega
tion will approximate 1500.
If San Francisco is chosen as the place
for the next convention it will mean that
from 25,000 to 30,000 young people will
come here, and after t c convention
doubtless visit other places in California.
Boston had 54,000 delegates, and leading
Endeavorers of this City claim that 25,000
is a conservative estimate of the number
that would come here.
Professor James A. Niles, president of
the Golden Gate Union, is now in the East,
and he will be one of the California dele
gation at Washington.
Rev. Dr. Kader has also gone East for
the same purpose, to be early on the
ground arid talk California from the start.
Great enthusiasm prevails among the
| Endeavorers as the time for choosing the
'97 convention approaches. They say that
if the people of the State will do their
I part in the effort that the ' 97 convention
| will come here. The Endeavorers want to
j raise a fund oi $25,000 to help bring the
convention here. To assist in accomplish
ing this, a reproduction of the tabernacle
of Israel and the heavenly sanctuary, to
beiollowed by a lecture, may be seen in
Calvary Presbyterian Church at Geary
and Powell streets to-morrow evening.
The tabernicle is seven feet in length
and is a complete reproduction in gold, sil
ver and tine linen of the original tabernacle
constructed by Moses. It cost $15,000 and
six years' study and labor by J. W. Kelch-
I ncr who will lecture about it. A very
large picture showing Mount Sinai and
the children of Israel in their encamp
ment forms a background for the taber
nacle. The admission will be 25 cents.
Home of the vessels of gold and silver and
some of tbe rugs were made in Palestine.
The Droceeds will go into the $25,000
fund needed to bring the '97 convention of
Endeavorers to San Francisco.
The guarantee subscriptions received to
date for the convention fund amount to
$16,775. Fonr new subscriptions were re
ceived Saturday.
HANDBALL GAMES.
Union Court Opened Under New man
agement — Exciting Events at the
San Francisco Court.
Both handball courts had a full comple
ment of spectators yesterday and no lack
of players. At the San Francisco court P.
Ryan, the proprietor, kept up his record
by playing in three matches in succession,
showing his wonderful endurance. The
events of the day were two mixed-up
games in which P. T. Donnelly, the
amateur champion, R. Lenihan, J. Har
low, the ex-coast champion, and J. J.
Feeney participated. In the first Don
neily and Leuihan defeated Harlow and
Feenev. and then Lenilian and Feeney de
feated Donnelly ar.d Harlow. Both games
were closely contested.
The Union court has passed into new
hands. Billy McManus, the former pro
prietor, has transferred his interest to
Terry McManus and W. Doran, and the
court was opened yesterday under the
new management. Terry is the champion
heavy- weight, and as both the proprietors
are energetic and popular youn« men and
are determined to further the interests of
handball in every possible way their suc
cess should be assured. There was a large
number of their friends present in the
court yesterday, and several interesting
games were played. The event of the day
was a game between R. Lenihan and J.
Nelson ana J. J. Feeney and Terry Mc-
Manus. After each side had won two
games it was decided to postpone the
final till Saturday next.
Following were the games played in the
courts:
San Francisco court — P. Rodgers and P.
Ryan deieated G. McDonald and R. Shea,
21—15, 17—21, 21—19. R. Shea and G. Mc-
Donald defeated P. Ryau and D. Rodgers,
21-14, 16-21, 21-20. Joe Lawless andD.
O'Brien defeated D. Connolly and T. Ryan,
21—15, 18—21, 21—20. J. Kearney and C.
Sullivan defeated J. McEvely and P. Kelly,
21—15, 17—21, '21— 19. R. Shields and T. Sul
livan defeated J. O'Donnell and Doc Molloy,
21—15, 17-21. 21—19. Joe McAuliffe aud
Tom Sharkey defeated T. Barry and Arthur
Walker. 21—15, 18—21, 21—20. P. T. Don
nelly, the amateur Champion, and R. Lenihan
defeated J. Harlow and J. J. Feeney, 21—14,
15—21, 21—19. P. T. Donnelly and J. Harlow
were defeated by R. Lenihan and J. J Feeney,
21—15, 17—21, 21—20.
Union court— Matt Coughlin and P. Duane
defeated J. Howard and Ed Nannary, 21—19,
12—21, 21—14. J. Kearney and H. Batsnet
defeated H. McKenny and W. Billings, 21—15,
18—21,21—12. Tom O'Brien aud J. Gilleran
defeated J. Vincent and J. Dempsy, 21—10,
9—21, 21—18. B. Heflernan and Char'
Doran defeated R. Lester and Jeff Driscoll,
21—8, 20—21, 21—15. T. Regan aud W.Doran
defeated P. Madden and J. Keefe, 21—16,
11—21, 21—6. Dr. Gibbons and J. Freeman
defeated P. Patterson and William Keoeh,
21-12, 18—21,, 21-10. L. Kenny and Al Col
lins defeated J. Nelson and E.Williams, 21—18,
19-21, 21—19, 20—21, 21—13. R. Lenihan
and J. Nelson played J. J. Feeney and T. Mc-
Manus ; each side won two games and the final
will be played Saturday next.
Anarchist Arrested.
David O. Jones, a street-corner lecturer on
the principles of anarchy, was arrested by
Sergeant Helms and locked up in the Califor
nia-street station on the charge of obstructing
the sidewalk yesterday. Jones airs his notions
about governing the people with tne strong
power of iorce, if force must be us6d, with a
seasoning of anarchy. As he generally collects
a crowd about him, which was the case yester
day afternoon on Pine and Kearny streets, he
was told to move on, but refused. Hence his
arrest.
Slashed With a Knife.
R. H. Long, watchman at Joost Bros.' livery
stables, on Fulton and Gough streets, found a
tramp named Skelly asleep in the barn at an
early hour yesterday morning. He woke him
upana ordered him to leave the place. Skelly
went into the alley followed by Long and
turned quickly upon him, slashing open his
cheek and upper lip with a knife. Long was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where his
wounds were stitched and dressed by Dr. Fitz
gibbon. The police are hunting for Skelly.
WHICH SIDE WILL WIN?
Trial of the Nevada Bank For
gers to Be Commenced
To-Day.
Dean and Wife and Joe . McCloskey
Arrayed Aeainst Becker and
Wife and Cregan.
The long drawn-out preliminaries for
tbe legal battle between tbe police and
the prince of forgers closed yesterday, as
Judge Wallace will commence hearing the
case to-day.
Becker and Cregan, soon after their ar
rival at the City Prison, engaged Attor
neys McPike and Dunne to look after their
interests. They have been materially as
sisted by Mrs. Becker, who has for weeks
been in daily communication with them
and her husband and Cregan.
What the defense will be has not devel
oped, although it is generally understood
it will be a denial that either Becker or
Cregan were here when A. H. Dean forged
the $22,000 draft on the Nevada bank last
December.
The appearance within the past few days
of Joe M:Closkey and Dean's wife has
caused cansternation in the Becker and
Cregan ranks. McCloskey was acquitted
on Dean's confession and a few days later
went East. Now he has returned and will,
it is supposed, appear as a witness for the
prosecution.
Captain Lees and Detective Seymour
have been working assiduously on the case
for weeks past and are ready for the trial
to-day. Like the defendants they are
keeping tneir mouths shut and will not
leave themselves open to attack by the
other side. It is understood they have a
strong case.
The battle is won, so far as the principals
are concerned. On the one side are Becker
and his wife and Cregan and on the other
side Dean and his wife and McCloskey.
Which side will win will be known in a
few days. The general expectation is that
Dean, at any rate, will be either acquitted
or tret off with a light sentence for his
services to the prosecution.
HOW SERPENTS SLEEP.
One Peculiar Fact Is Ihat They Never
Close Their KyeK.
One of the most curious facts with re
gard to snakes is that their eyes are never
closed. Sleeping or waking, alive or
dead, they are always wide-eyed. If we
take a dead snake and examine it closely
we shall soon find the reason — there are
no eyelids. The eye is protected only by a
strong scale, which forms a part of the
epidermal envelope, and is cast off in a
piece with that every time the reptile
molts.
The eye-plate is as clear and transparent
as glass and allows the most perfect vision,
while at the same time (as any close ob
server of the habits of the snake can easily
discover) it ia so hard and tough as per
fectly to protect the delicate organ within
from tnorns and twigs among which, in
flight from enemies or in pursuit of prey,
the reptile so oiten hurriedly glides.
A Strange Death-
A young lady met her death at Laval a
few days ago in a somewhat curious man
ner. 'r She ■. nad been . cutting ; roses in ■ the
garden, and when returning to the bouse
stumbled and fell so that the scissors in
her hand went through her neck, severing
the jugular vein. She died about three
minutes afterward. — Paris Letter. ;; .:, ..
»—.» — . • — •
Cape Colony exports annually £26,000
worth of dried flowers. „-  - ; ./
HIS CRITICISM
WAS RESENTED,
Italian Musicians Declare
War Upon Signor
Lucchesi.
CALLED HIM A SAUSAGE.
Point of the Critic's Sarcasm
Turned Against
Him.
L'ITALIA TAKES A HAND.
Lucchesi Is Advised to Devote His
Olfices Chiefly to American
Singers.
The Italian Philharmonic Society, R. A.
Lucchesi, and the three sausages — these
are the subjects of the hour in musical
circles at North Beach.
Lucchesi is a musical critic who turned
his attention to the Italian Philharmonic
Society, which under the direction of
Professor Spadina has produced a number
of Italian operas with marked success.
The suggestion made to the Italian Phil
harmonic Society was that it should give
as its next opera "I Tre Salami in Barca"
(The three sausages in a boat), a piece of
Italian slang to express a burlesquely
poor performance. It was a fatal refer
ence as far as Lucchesi was concerned.
Years ago he emigrated here from Bologna,
the champion sausage-making city of the
world, and the members of the Philhar
monic Society were quick to recall the
fact. One of them, signing himself "A
Blunt,' promptly contributed a letter to
L'ltalia, in which he said, among other
things:
"In the musical rubric of A Sharp there
is an interesting piece of news which will
certainly please the members of the colony.
The Philharmonic Society has decided to
give as its next opera 'I Tre Salami in
Barca.' Now, I have learned that the
news is true, at least Professor Spadina
wished to give the above-mentioned opera,
and had already found two of the neces
sary sausages, but he was embarrassed
about tne third one, which he wished to
be a genuine Italian sausage. On this ac
count I take the liberty of stating that
here in San Francisco there exists a
sausage, a pure-blooded Bologna sausage,
whicn could make the third in the noble
triad, and that Bologna sausage is, in fact,
the musical critic himself, A Sharp."
This cheerful plea3antry was not to the
liking of the critic, who wrote a letter full
of fire and fury to L'ltalia, to complain of
A Blunt. "We do not accord it the honor
of publication on our papes," says L'ltalia;
"it is a series of trivialities, insolences and
malignities, such as we all know it is bis
special prerogative to write. We will,
i.cwever, reproduce the paragraph which
treats of the Philharmonic Society:
To the Italian Philharmonic Society I have
permitted myself to observe that when it made
public appearances and charged for entrance
I, a critic, I, an Italian artist jealous of his
art, have the right to censure and also parody
it until such times as it shall have reduced
itself to a mere pastime.
"As for the parody performances of the
Philharmonic Society, dear Signor Luc
chesi, were rot yourconcertsalso a joke?"
goes on l'ltalia. "When you tnink that
the chorus singers of the Pnilharmonic So
ciety are honest laborers who work ten and
twelve hours a day and have the patience
and the enthusiasm to pass two "or three
hours after that in the study of opera, be
cause of their love for art, it is absurd and
unjust to ridicule them.
"For the r«st the Philharmonic lives
and prospers amonz the Italians; you live,
and, we hope, prosper among the Ameri
cans. Stay there, the Italians have no use
for you. If you havu no occupation go to
the seaside for a time. You are too fresh
and need a little salting."
This was declaring war with a ven
geance, and now the colony is watching
with interest to see the reckless expendi
ture of ink and paper which will result.
Saturday a letter which was pronounced a
chef d'eeuvre of vituperation was received
at the office of the enterprising journal.
The afternoon issue gave it a good write
up, without however revealing its exact
contents, but it was advertised as being on
exhibition at the editorial rooms.
A big gooseberry or a three - legged
chicken couLi scarcely have aroused more
interest, to judge by th^ number of visi
tors who res-ponded to the invitation. It
has already been proposed to auction off
the autograph copy of the Jetter for the
benefit of the Philharmonic Society,
though the generally expressed opinion is
that it would not bring in enough to pur
chase three sausages, to say nothing of tne
boat. ___^____^^__
HAMLIN A SPEEDY RIDER,
Makes Best Time and Passes
Nineteen Men in the
Road Club's Race.
Kroetz Wins the Olympic Wheel
men's Event and Wing Gets
.Time Prize.
Yesterday was an ideal day for wheeling
in the country. In the City it was cold
and windy, but in San Mateo County and
across the bay, where mo3t of the riders
went, the weather was all that could be
desired, though the roads are somewhat
dusty at this season.
This is the time of year when the club
cyclers delight in road races, and every
Sunday sees several of these events held,
either on the Haywards road or over the
stretch between San Mateo and San Carlos.
There were three such races last Sunday
and three more yesterday, those of the
Bay City, San Francisco and Olympic
wheelmen.
The two first-named clubs held tneirs
across the bay, while the Olympics went
to San Mateo, partly as a compliment to
President Eaton, who resides there, and
partly because they thought the roaa
would be better than the Haywards course.
In tbe latter they were disappointed, as
the road to San Carlos is dusty and un
even, though not much more can be said
of the road over the bay.
Tne Olympics' race was started promptly
at noon, and the men made very good
time, everything considered. There were
no accidents, save to Hadenfsldt, who
punctured a tire and fell back to last
place. Kroetz rode a good race, finishing
first and making second best time. J. E.
Wing made the fastest time, 13:05. Ram
say and Stanley rode a dead heat for sec
ond place, tossed up for it, and Ramsay
won. The handicapping was done by
Jack McGlynn in his usual careful and im
partial way, and was very satisfactory.
The following is tbe table:
The Bay City Wheelmen intended theirs
to be a ten-mile race, but cut it down to
hull that distance, the roads being so poor.
The race started at San Leandro at 11
o'clock and finished in Haywards. C. A.
Kralt made best time, 12:*27, and T. E.
Barry with 2:15 handicap won first place,
keeping the lead from start to finish.
The handicapping was done by Lieuten
ant Dixon, who in the absence of Captain
Caldwell, led a large run of the club to the
finish of the race.
The following table shows the results:
The San Francisco Road Club's event
started at San Leandro at 2 p. m. There
was a larger number ot riders in this race
than in any others, and George W. Ham
lin, who, by the way, is the champion five
mile road rider of the world, made the
best time and upheld his reputation, doing
the distance in 12:03. He rode from scratch
into fourth place, passing nineteen men.
William McGonigle won the race from the
1:45 mark, and the bunch finished as
I follows:
The handicapping of this race was done
by Captain Pbcley and Sol Peiser, and
they distributed the time allowances to
tbe large field of entrants very satisfac
torily.
Of the otner club runs yesterday the
Camera Cyclists went to Walnut Creek,
the Pacifies to Bolinas, the Gar
den Citys to Stevens Creek and the
Golden Gates, Libertys and Californias
to Mayfield.
There will be no club rnns or road races
of any kind of tbe big clubs next Sunday.
They will go to Petaluma Saturday to at
tend the big meet of the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen there, and spend Sunday
as the guests of the Petaluma Wheelmen.
R. A. Smyth, official handicapper of the
league, will go to Petaluma this morning
to arrange the handicaps of the various
races.
W. A. Temll of the Bay City Wheelmen
returned from the East Saturday. He has
been following the National racing cir
cuit, but although he won a large number
of races he says the expenses of traveling
are too heavy, and he decided to return to
the coast, where he can live at home and
race when he feels inclined. He left his
team mate, Charles S. Wells, at Hot
Springs, Ark., where be is laid up quite
ill, as already exclusively told "in The
Call. It will* be two or three weeks, Ter
rill says, before Wells will be able to ride
again. Terrill will race at Petaluma next
Saturday.
Frank W. Fuller, Georee H. Stratton
and John F. McGlynn, of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen, will leave the end of this
week on a three weeks' trip into Lake
County.
Byron D. Bent of the Bay City Wheel
men started awheel for Los Angeles yes
terday.
RUN TO TOCALOMA.
Red Rock Cycling and Its Friends
Have a Pleasant Day's Outing.
The Red Rock Cycling Club had a merry
outing yesterday. The club, with its
friends, took a run to Tocaloma, stopping
at Camp Taylor for dinner. Among the
members and guests were: Rome Harris
(captain), El L<ee, William Driscol, Liouis
Duprat, William Harrison. Peter Richter,
George Douglass. Dr. Sichel, Eddie Welsh,
M. Lynch, Mrs. R. Harris, Miss Etta Al
len, Miss Alice Allen and .tliss Rossmore.
In the evening the club was entertained
by Mrs. R. Harris.
LANDING NEWS IN BOTTLES.
The Service Cttptain Bartlett Rendered
to Cuban Patriots-
An interesting story is furnished by
Captain G. Bartlett of the British bark
lodine, laden with sugar, which was ob
tained only through the courtesy of the
Cuban patriots, who control the output of
sugar from interior points in tbe island.
Previous to the vessel leaving Philadel
phia the Cuban women of that city
shipped large quantities of courtplaster,
liniment and medicine of all descriptions,
which were safely delivered at a Cuban
camp five miles in the interior. Captain
Bartlett remained xn the Cuban camp for
four days.
He was able to deliver into the hands of
the Cubans valuable documents from the
Junta in New York, and in return has in
his possession equally valuable docu
ments which he is to deliver to the
Cubans in New York.
The bark was anchored about two miles
off shore and a Cuban swam off to the
vessel in the nignt with the documents
from the patriot camp sealed in bottles,
which were connected to his body by ropes
and towed astern. In the same manner
the documents from this country were
taken ashore by the swimmer.
A schooner bound to CienfuegoS' with
sugar from Trinidad, Cuba, for the United
States, and owned by the American Cen
tral Sugar Refinery, was sunk by the in
surgents at the mouth of the River Maeti,
so that the Spanish Government could not
collect any revenue from it. The lodine's
cargo was allowed to be shipped to this
country throueh the courtesy oi the patri
ots, who permitted the American Central
Sugar Refinery to grind 2000 tons of sug tr.
In the camp visited by Captain Baraett
there were about tifty cultivated and re
fined ladies of Cuban society, who had en
listed in the Cuban army with relatives
and friends. The patriots are well sup
plied with provisions. They however,
are sadly in need of rifles, ammunition and
medicine. In all of the skirmishes wit
nessed by Captain Bartlett the patriots) hud
by far the best of them. — New York Sun.
Mental Grasp.
"Quimberly, what is your idea of an in
tellectual woman?"
"Well, she's a woman who nas sense
enough to spread a stepladder so it won't
shut up and leave her hanging to tbe top
shelf of a cluset."— Chicago Record.
NEW TO-PAT. _ ' _ :
Olde Colonial Furniture.
% Ye illustration showes a table of
ye olden tyme, wherewith to make
cheerful ye parlour or ye librarye.
• Ye woode worke be olde ma-
hoganie, stronge and much en-
durynge. «** <& «5* -.&. .■/.'.
% A syngle poste in ye centre sup-
portes ye uppre parte, and ye base
be broad and made beautiful with
ogee mouldyngs, homelye and
playne« & & <& *-**
H If ye reader be interested and
desire to call at ye store, 't would
be a moste pleasureful taske to
shew oure manye sortes of olde-
style furniture. «3& <& <&
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.) /»i. '. J
117-123 Geary Street.
*AT AUCTION
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY JUNE 30, 1890
At 12 o'clock noon, '
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST. !
Pacific-Street Kuslnesa Property.
S. line of Pacific, 24 feet W. of Jerome alley
or about 111:6 feet W. of Montgomery street.
Two-story building: theater below; 12 rooms
above: rent $100 per month; cement stone side-
walk; lot 26x1b7:6. • • ,-. i ;
Howard-Street Residence. ....
E. line (No. 2107) of Howard street, 75 feet
south of Seventeenth; large bay-window residence
of 10 rooms and bath: in elegant condition; choice
neighborhood: cement walk: basalt rock in street*
Howard-street cars; lot 25x100 feet.
Oak-Street Lot.
S. side of Oak street. 187.6 feet W. of Devisa-
dero; this choice building lot is srrr nnded by fine
buildings; but 1 block from Golden Gate Park tele-
Kant lot 'or a home or for a builder to construct
French flats upon: street in splendid condition;
Oak-street cable and electric cars; lot 50x137:6
feet.
Western Addition French Flats.
Northeast cor. (No. 1242) of McAllister and
Steinersis. Building comprises 2 French flats of
7 rooms and bath each. Br.ck foundation: base,
menu Choice location; everything in Al condi-
tion. Street bituminized; stone walk. McAllis.er-
street c«Me. Large corner lot, 30x110 feet. :
Railroad Avenue Business Property.
Building and lot (No. 1012), west line Railroad
aye., 26 feet north of Servia st., or 13th -aye.
Large building, of saloon and five rooms below
and seven rooms above; large and high basement
below. This ■is a business location. • Street la
basalt stone. Kl^ctric cars pass the property.
Large lot, 26:8x99:4 feet.
, Mission Cottage, Near Market Street.
West line (No. 310) of Noe, 181:6 feet ;south of
Market street, Handsome bay-window cottage of
five rooms and bath, conservatory, basement,
attic and stable. A pretty home. Most be sold.
Kxamine it. Castro-street cable. Lot, 26x105
feeu ■
Holly Park Residence.
South line (No. 38) of West avenue, 150 feet
east of Patton street. Handsome bay-window
cottage of five rooms and bath, nearly new,
wash tubs and watercloset; brick foundation.
One block from Mission cars. Lot 25x1*7 feet.
Mission— Twenty-fourth Street Business
Lot. . .
N. line of Twenty-fourth St., 97 feet W. of Treat
•venue. This lot is ready fo- building; good bust-
ness location: street In basalt rock; several elec-
tric roads; large lot 37:6x100 feet.
Outside Land Block No. 1093.
S. side of Golden Gate Park, fronting R st.,
Thirtieth and Thirty-first ayes. ; 42 city lots.
Golden. Gate Park Residence Lot.
W. lfneof Clay 37:6 feet H. of Page St.; all
ready for building: fine residences* surround this
lot: one block only to Golden Gate Park; Haight,
Oak electric roads; ' lot 25x106:3 feet.
Holly Park Residence Lot.
S. line of Plymouth aye.; 358:6 feet E. of Holly
st. and near Mission St.: pleasant surroundings;
street sewered und macadamized: lot ready for
building; Mission-st. electric-cars; lot 25x100 ieeu
Richmond Residence Lot.
E. line of Twenty-fifth aye., 250 feet 8. of Point
Lobos aye.; lot ready tor building: Twenty-fifth
aye. graded and macadamized; must be sold;
Sutro electric-road: lot 25x120 feet.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE Si CO.,
Auctioneers,
Salesroom 638 ■ Market Street.
DR.MCNULTY.
rTHIS WELL-KNOWN AND KELIABLE SPE-
X ciallst treats PRIVATE RELIABLE AND
cialist treats PKTVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OF MEN ONLY. He stops
Discharges: cores secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Sores and Swellings: Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses of Manhood.
He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects, Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. - He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drucs. ...
Dr. McNulty's methods are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. -Patients cured st Home. Terms
reasonable. ' ■ •
Hours— 9 to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
days, 30 to 12 only. Consultation free and sa-
credly confidential Call on or address ■ ' '
P. BOSCUK HeNCLII, M. D., ...-
-%6% Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
Jtar Beware of strangers who try to talk to you
■bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctor*.
iiimii RgffaM? i«iiii
&MRNYSI
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINB
your eyes and tit them to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose »upenority has not been equaled. jity mtS-
cess has been due to the merit* or my worjc
. Office Hours— to 4 p.m.
. Wueu ordering please mention Call.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy.' lnstantly :
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sore
Throat, ■ Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamm*-
Uon* 60c per bottle, sold by Druggist* -
56
Hsf£ G&U
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. '
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Sally and Sunday C all, one week, by carrier.. $0. 15 (
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail. . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-00
Weekly Call, one year, by mail.. ••••• 1.80
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
to, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALX to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive promf. attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California!.
CaUpnent.V ___ _Hn-18«
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone .^ Jfa!n-U7*
BRANCH OFFICES!
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; «p«n until
• :80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:SO o'clock.
713 Larkia street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■Btll 9 o'clock.
BIS Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock
US k'inth street; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE t
Books 81 and 32, 34 Park How, New York Cltjt
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
MONDAY.. JUNE 29, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PBESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOB TICK-PRESIDENT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
Register to-day and don't postpone the
thing. ______
If you wish prosperity now is the time
to work for it.
The home industry should' haye the
borne market.
All that Whitney gained by his letter is
a reputation as a quitter.
So long as the tariff is kept to the front
Democracy will be kept to the rear.
Young men who cast their first vote for
McKinley will always be proud of it.
The deficit tariff makes more than half
the trouble in the National treasury.
Join a Republican clab and do your
share in the work of organizing victory.
In the Democratic camp the plot is
rapidly thickening to the curdliug point.
Read The Call during the campaign
and eet the news of all parties impartially
reported.
If Henry Watterson had stayed at home
he migbt have been mentioned for the
Presidency.
If the Cubans can stand Weyler off until
Cleveland leaves the White House they
will be all right
Presidential candidates will jostle one
another at Chicago, but not one of them
will give another a push.
What the people of this country need Is
less financial discussion and more work
on a good financial basis.
Carlisle has been the first Democrat to
go op Balt River this year, but there are
others who will go farther.
This is a good time for young men to
leave the old Democratic hulk and get in
with the party of prosperity.
If Cleveland was steering the Demo
cratic ship at a rock he has the satisfac
tion of knowing that he hit it.
Grover may be said to be still in the
line, bnt it is only the extreme gold-bag
ring and it won't count this year.
The issue of work and wages does not
sound big, bnt it reaches every home and
affects the welfare of every family.
This year we sweep the Democratic party
off the face of the earth and give the
Populists a chance to fill the vacancy.
The people do the shouting for Mc-
Kinley, and it will be remembered in this
connection that the people also do the
voting.
The gold Democrats of the East may
abuse Teller now, but when they get to
Chicago they may have to imitate his
example.
The money question is bat one phase of
the great issue of restoring proiperity,
and is so understood by the common sense
of the people.
It is kind of Chicago to prepare an extra
lot of ambulance wagons for the Demo
cratic Convention, but perhaps a garbage
cart or two would have suited the occasion
just as well.
The more the money question is debated
the more the peoDle understand that what
we need most is a tariff that will yield
abundant revenues and provide work and
•wages for ihe people.
California —ants protection for her
industries and governmental aid in pro
moting her commerce, and as a conse
quence she must vote for the party of
progress and enterprise.
It is worth noting that every time the
country begins to prosper Democracy
weakens and whenever Democracy gets
t-trong the country weakens. It is a
calamity party whichever way you take it.
The free silver Prohibitionists in Rhode
Island are reported to J>ave captured the
party organization and acquired the party
organ, and as a result the resident's of the
other States are complaining of the noise
of the music.
The Sultan has recently declared the
troubles in Crete would rtid if the Cretans
would lay down their arms, and there is a
general belief that under those circum
stances the Cretans would end about the
game time as their troubles.
*By a typographical error the Pbila
dei; hia Enquirer announced the name of
our uext President as Mcml Key, and
while of course any name will do when
yon mean the right man it must be ad
mitted that it is no fit spell to conjure
with.
FIGHT ONE BATTLE AT A TIME.
Carl Schurz is of the opinion that "with
out an active spirit of enterprise there can
be no prosperity." Mr. Schurz always did
say wise things, when he felt like it, and
his long association with the Democracy—
since 1884— has not impaired his under
standing nor abated the flow of words of
wisdom, when he will allow them to
flow. Now, if Mr. Schurz will add to the
wise words quoted above "and without
confidence in the ability and willingness
of those who are directing the affairs of
the Government there can be no active
spirit, no enterprise nor no prosperity,"
be will have uttered a great truth, but he
will do nothing of the kind.
"Will Mr. Schurz tell us what it is that
creates an active spirit of enterprise, and
what it is that makes for prosperity? If
pressed for an answer he would say "Ap
plied Clevelandism." The people of the
United States are noted the world over lor
enterprise, but they have not been very
prosperous in recent years, nor will they
be until the iron chains which applied
Clevelandism has wound about them are
removed. The spirit of their enterprise
found pretty full play for over thirty
years, and during that time no people on
earth were so prosperous, and during the
operation of tnat great and wise industrial
legislation of 1890 their prosperity was phe
nomenal. This Mr. Schurz knows very
well. But when that legislation was
forced to give way to applied Cleveland
ism the active spirit of enterprise of the
people was so circumscribed and handi-
capped that not only bad they no pros
perity, bat they were forced to stand and
see what they had gained in other years
go from them.
The same old spirit of enterprise which
Mr. Schurz talks about is still alive,
though it cannot be said to be very active,
nevertheless it is watching and praying
for the passing of applied Clevelandism
and the returning of applied common
business sense as it was before the indus
trial props and defenses were removed by
applied Clevelandism. But Mr. Schurz
mast not be misunderstood. What he
means by "active spirit of enterprise" is
the adoption of the gold standard of re
demption money, once for all, and thus
put the seal of the Nation's disapproval
upon any plan or proposition that winks
at or harbors anything that contemplates
the restoration of silver to the monetary
system of the country by international or
any other kind of agreement.
Mr. Schurz, like Mr. Cleveland and
every other Democrat, be he a silver man
or goldite, believes that the present tariff
is too high and that very many more arti
cles should be put upon the free list.
There is no division at all in the Demo
cratic party on that question. Therefore,
it matters not how divided the party may
be on other issues, the rank and file and
leaders everywhere are of one mind as to
the tariff question — that there should be
reductions all along the line so as to give
foreign countries a stronger footing in our
markets. Now, in the face of the indis
putable fact that the Democracy is schem
ing behind all quarrels in its ranks over
the money question to reach an actual free
trade basis for the country, is it not tha
duty of Republicans to drop all other is
sues for the moment and see that the
foundation of the country's industries is
not carried away ?
There never was a time in the history of
the Republican party when tho best inter
ests of the country demanded more imper
atively that it close up its ranks and de
fend the great American principle of
protection to tne peoples farms, shops,
factories and mills. The Democratic part}',
by its threat to destroy our industries,
obliges the Republican party to come to
their rescue, and, as Mr. Schurz would
say, let us engage in the defense of our
wealth-making agencies with "an active
spirit of enterprise." Let us fight one
battle at a time.
FIFTY YEARS AGO.
The fiftieth anniversary of the taking
formal possession of California by the
United States will be celebrated at Mon
terey one week from to-morrow, July 7.
Although the idea of celebrating the an
niversary of the event in a way that should
include participation in the festivities by
Californiang generally originated in Mon
terey the plan was caught up and ap
proved by all localities, so it will be a
State rather than a local affair. It is
doubtful if Commodore Sloat realized,
indeed no man could have realized, what
the hoisting of the stars and stripes over
the Custom-house of Monterey at that
time would mean to the United States in
future year^. It was one of those events
in the history of a nation in which the
hand of Providence can almost be seen.
There seemed to have been a combina
tion of circumstances which turned Cali
fornia over to the keeping of the United
States— a combination so far-reaching in in
fluence and of so much significance that it
is easy to believe that a power higher than
man was directing the course of human
events in those days to the end that
broader and better ways might be opened
for the advance of that civilization which
is the pride of the world and the glory of
America.
The history of the leading up to the act
of taking possession of California by hoist
ing the stars and stripes over the Custom
house at Monterey is well known to every
school boy and girl, but there is a deeper
meaning to it all than the mere history
facts reveal. Had not the ships of the
United States navy been fleeter, better
officered and the crews more enthusiastic
than those of the Englisn navy the flag
of Great Britain and not the stars and
stripes would have claimed California,
and it is just possible that instead of being
one of the grandest of the confederation
of States California would be a British
province to-day.
But, however that may be, there is no
doubt at all about what the people should
do on this occasion. Every county and
municipality of California should be repre
sented at Monterey on July 7, tnat the
celebration may have the dignity, charac
ter and importance of what might justly
be called the fi'tietii anniversary of Cali
fornia's independence; besides, it will be
a very proper time for the societies of the
first settlers and Native Sons and Daugh
ters to gather their hosts and join in fra
ternal greeting.
FIRST-BALLOT CANDIDATES.
Democratic newspapers are trying to
make It appear that Mr. McKinley's nom
ination on the first ballot is evidence suf
ficient that there wag a controlling inner
wheel in the machinery of the Republican
party at St. Louis, otherwise it would
have taken a score or more ballots to
nominate. The fact is, it is a very com
mon thing for Republican National Con
ventions to nominate on the first ballot.
The first convention, held in Philadelphia
in 1856, nominated Fremont on the first
ballot. In 1864 Lincoln was nominated on
the first ballot. Grant was nominated on
the first ballot in 1868 and again in 18?2.
In 1892 Harrison was nominated on the
first ballot just as McKinley was nomi
nated on the first ballot in 1896. Eleven
National Republican Conventions have
been held and at six of them the can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNG 29, 1896.
didate was named on the first b.illot. So,
after all, there was nothing so wonderful
in Mr. McKinley carrying the St. Louis
Convention on the first call of States.
In this connection it might be well to
observe that when Fremont was nomi
nated the voting population of the United
States was, in round numbers, 4.000,000.
In 1892 it was 12,000,000 and it is estimated
that there are now over 13,000,000 voters.
The voting population between 1856 and
1860 did not increase materially, so it is
safe to say that the voting strength of the
country increased under Republican rule
between 1860 and 1892 fully 8,000,000. Be
tween the came years the wealth increase
of the country was from about $15,000,
-000,000 to nearly $70,000,000,000. No other
argument is needed to prove that the
country needs to have the Republican
party in power all the time.
FORLORN DEMOCRATS.
In its long, tempestuous and more or
less disgraceful career, the Democratic
party has always managed to keep and
maintain some sort of resting-place to
which it could retire during periods when
it was under the condemnation of the
people. Even during the long years be
tween 1860 and 1892 it had its own cabin,
albeit it was located in the swamp of
public opinion, where the party fed upon
such crumbs of comfort as it could gather
from recollections of days when it was in
better circumstances, but never before did
any one consider the party ao homeless
and forsaken that it would have to submit
to the humiliation of receiving an invita
tion from a Taubeneck to accept the
doubtful hospitalities of a Populist party.
No doubt the Democracy is hungry
enough, bnt bad and friendless as it is
there is no charity in offering the thin
and tasteless consomme of Populism.
Dives did not treat Lazarus that mean.
But the Tellerites offend quite as deeply
as do the Populists when they invite the
Democracy to surrender every principle it
ever had and follow their banner. Were
the Democracy to do that or accept Taube
neck's offer it would be nothing more
than an exchange of swamps. It would
still be poor and distressed, besides it
would have the added disgrace of having
sold its birthright. The Democratic party
has done some very idiotic things in its
day. but it has never let go its hold upon
certain alleged political principles, and
what is more, it could not without admit
ting that it never should have come into
existence, which, is true, by the way,
whether it admits it or not.
Senator Peffer is the manliest man of
them all. He is a middle-of-the-road Pop
ulist, and wants no going to the right or
to the left. He says it was Taubeneck's im
pudence or impertinence, and not the
wish of the party, that overtures of any
kind be made to silver Democrats or Tel
lerites. His position is that while re
cruits from all parties are wanted they
are not wanted unless they renounce with
out persuasion all allegiance to their old
faith and come as obedient disciples of a
great cause. And Peffer is right, for
what would it avail himself and the other
founders of the Populist party if the glory
of their labors is to be turned over to
Teller or anyone else? Peffer knows, as
does every other nonest Populist know,
that there is a scheme on loot to use the
People's party to help build np something,
anything, to defeat William McKinley,
and he is to be commended for employing
every possible means to prevent it. It is
evident that Taubeneck, Teller and certain
renegade Democrats are doing their best
to organize a new party for personal politi
cal advantage, but they will fail, poor, for
lorn and hungry as the Democracy is.
THE VETO POWER.
A man may be the constitutional Presi
dent of the United States and still bean
autocrat, and he may be the constitutional
President and be a patriot. The President
cannot deal directly with the people, but
he does indirectly, through Congress, for
its members are the direct agents of the
people. The President has the legal but
not the moral right to refuse to obey the
will of the people by using the veto power,
as Cleveland has done sev er*al times. It is
a power that seems to be necessary to
have lodged in the President, but it was
originally conferred for prudential pur
poses, and never to be used as a means of
coercion or revenge. The presumption is
that if Congress enacts a law it is enacted
because the people want just such a Jaw,
and when the President refuses to let it
become an operative law he assumes that
he is wiser than the people.
In selecting a man for President it is
well enough for the people to consider the
veto-power question. The best way to do
that intelligently is to study the candi
date's public and, as far as may be, his
private record. The Democrats have not
yet named their candidate, but we may be
sure if the Cleveland wing wins the candi
date would, if elected, follow in the foor
steDs of Cleveland in all official acts. If
Bland or Boles should be nominated the
country would have to run the risic of
future developments, but with McKinley
there is no room for doubt. He is a patriot
by nature, and he cheerfully recognizes
the people as the sovereigns and that their
will is law. We know in advance, there
fore, that the will of the people would not
be ignored by employing the veto power if
he were President.
COAST EXCHANGES.
P. H. Millbcrry has disposed of the plant
and business of the Mountain View Register to
George O. Kinney and George S. Walker, both
formerly of Los Gatos, and the new proprie
tors announce that the paper will be inde
pendent in politics, and that it will be devote •
primarily to the best interests of Mountain
View and the tributary country".
The Mariposa Miner celebrated its first birth
day anniversary lost week. The editor, W. W.
Booth, takes occasion to remark that the
Miner i\ hi done no inconsiderable part of the
work of building up the town of Coulterville
and the mining industry of that section of
California, and concludes: "It may not be
amiss to point out at the present time that the
prospects of this goldfield were never brighter
than they are at present. New mines are
opening up and old ones are being reopened.
The coming twelve months promise to be very
prosperous ones for all in the community."
That high-grade weekly journal, El Bar
bareno, is now the property of Leverett H.
Mesick, the late senior partner in the firm ot
Mesick & Selover. Frank M. Selover has been
'compelled to retire from business on account
of ill health. The policy and tone of the paper
will remain unchanged. El Barbareno is a
pronounced success.
A. E. Hadley has purchased the interest of
J. C. Oliver in the Alturas Plaivdealer, and the
paper will henceforward be published under
the firm name of Thomas & Hadley. Mr. Oliver
will devote his talents and energies to the up
building of the Lakeview Rutt'er.
The Guadeloupe Standard has also changed
hands, G. W. Edrington taking the place of
Faunt Leroy in the proprietorship. The
Standard is Coin* commendable work in at
tracting attention to the advantages of North*
crn Sunta Barbara County.
The Ojai, published at NordhofT, Ventura
County, will be edited during the summer
months by Randolph R. Freeman, who will act
for Shermar. D. Thatcher while the latter is en
joying his annual vacation.
The Ventura Independent is about to enlarge,
in order to accommodate the increasing de- |
mand on its advertising columns. This is evi
dence of both enterprise and prosperity.
A gigantic scheme for the generation of elec
tric power and the irrigation of farm lands In
Yuba County has been set on foot, by the or
ganization of the Marysville ana Nevada Power
and Water Company, with a capital of $2,000,
-000. The principal place of business is Smarts
ville, and the Plumes Independent gives these
further particulars:
"The company will commence business with
the right to 70,000 inches of water, and in ad
dition will own over twelve miles of ditches
already in u*e, with clear title to the rights of
way for sufficient ditches to supply a large
area east of Marysville. This company also
owns the land where their dam will be built,
and have acquired the entire system of water
rights and ditches of James O'Brien of Smarts*
ville, who is one of the leading promoters.
'•It is the intention to generate power for any
purpose that may be marketable. The com
pany intend to erect a dam like the one at
Folsom, and to furnish electric power, as they
would be able to develop over 7000 horse
power. The ditches will be used for irrigation
purposes. It is one of the most available sites
ou the Pacific Coast for the purpose intended.
They will be able to transmit power to Browns
Valley and many other places. It is the inten
tion to erect a rock dam 200 feet high which
would cost from $80,000 to $125,000. Tne site
of the dam will be 1000 feet above tidewater,
thus affording ample fall to irrigate adjacent
territory."
Experiments in hemp-growing in the vicin
ity of Gridley seem to indicate that an indus
try of much importance to this coast is about
to be developed there. The Gridley Herald
furnishes this information:
"N. S. Kirk's ranch, about two miles east of
Gridley, consists mainly of rich bottom lands.
It has heretofore been devoted to grain, but
this j-ear Mr. Kirk, who is from Illinois, deter
mined to try a more profitable crop. Two hun
dred acres were thoroughly plowed and culti
vated and planted to hemp. It has made a
marvelous growth and now stands on an aver
age nine feet high, and by the time it is ready
for cutting It will reach a height of fifteen
feet Mr. Kirk expects to cut the crop by har
vesters, the plant then being left to cure in the
field. When it is dry it will be hauled to the
river or reservoir ana there soaked until rot
ten, when the fiber is separated and shipped
East for manufacture into hempen products.
A large lot of machinery has been brought
from the East for the purpose of breaking the
hemp and is now being placed in position by
employes."
The Copperopolis mines are to be opened.
'•They have been shutdown for several years,"
says the Stockton Mail, "as at the time of their
closing the price of copper was so low that it
did not pay to work them. Now matters are
different, for the increased demand for copper
caused, among other things, by the great de
velopment in all sorts of electrical devices, has
sent the price up to such a figure that the
Ames estate, to which the mines at Coppero
polis belong, has decided to open them up
once more.
"If the Copperopolis mines start again, as
now appears to te certain, it will redound to
Stockton's advantage, for when they were in
operation before this city was made tne bnse of
supplies for everything used by the miners.
They did a great deal more buying here than
the gold miners farther up along the rocd.
For this reason the local merchants will be in
terested in the statement that copper is
again to be minea there.
"There has never been any doubt as to the
richness of the mines at Copperopolis. They
are said to be far richer in copper than the
great Anaconda mine in Montana that was re
cently sola to a Parisian syndicate for a fabu
lous sum. The great difficulty has been in
operating them and eetting the product to
market. The mines are some distance from
the railroad, and it is possible if they are
opened up again on any iarger scale, as is con
templated, a branch road may be run from
the Milton line to the mines. When copper
was very low the mines were found to be un
profitable, in spite of their richness, but now
that the price of the metal has advanced so
materially tnere is a fortune for the owners in
the mine."
At La Grange, Merced County, an electric
light and power plant is to be established and
the current transmitted to Stockton for manu
facturing purposes. Commenting on this mat
ter the Hanford Journal observes: "The con
stantly increasing number of plants applying
the millions of horsepower of wasted energy of
the Sierras promises very shortly to bring
about a development that has for years been
retarded by an absence of cheap power. With
the advent of cheaper power will come a man
ufacturing population that will create a mar
ket for the many products of our farms with
out intervening railroad charges between pro
ducer and consumer."
PERSONAL.
Judge Edwin H. Lamme of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.
S. M. M. Ross, a mining man of Globe, Ariz.,
is at the Occidental.
E. C. Smith, a merchant of Pacific Grove, la
a guest at the Grand.
Archibald Yell, a prominent attorrey of
Hanford, is at the Grand.
W. A. Ensign, a merchant of Tucson, Ariz., is
at the Russ with his wife.
John K. Jackson, the Los Angeles banker, is
among the Grand's guests.
C. J. Beers of Mount Pleasant, lowa, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan,
George W. Brown, a mining man of Jack aon,
is a late arrival at the Russ.
T. L. Flanegan, a lumber-dealer of Reno,
Nev., it a guest at the Grand.
W. F. Detert of the Zeila mine, Amador
County, is registered at the Lick.
Jauo Pedro Ismael, an East Indian from
Monier. arrived at the Lick yesterday.
J. F. Wardner, founder of the town of Ward
ner, Idaho, is among the latest arrivals at the
Lick.
C. H. Schiverley, a banker and mining man
of Orovllle, is making a short visit at the
Grand.
Robert J. Devlin, the ex-Prison Commis
sioner, is at the Grand, regittered from Bacra
mento.
Park Henshaw, the Chico lawyer and ex
colouel of the Eighth Regiment, la at the Occi
dental.
I. Hayoibi, a merchant from Japan, arrived
on the Gaelic and has a room at the Occi
dental.
R. Jensen and N. L. Ragen, business men of
Portland, Or., are registered at the Cosmo
politan.
A. McDonald of Seattle, who owns real estate
in that place and in Walla Walla, arrived at
the Lick last night.
H. M. Smith of Washington, D. C, is staying
at tho Grand. He is connected with the United
States Fish Commission.
Captain S. B. Randall of the United States
army is at the Grand with his wife. They are
registered from Benicia.
H. Prince, a merchant of the historic town
of Monterey, is making the Grand his head
quarters during a short business viait.
Miss Harriet M. Broome, who has baen en
gaged in missionary work at Chafi, Japan, was
a passenger on the Gaelic. She is at the Occi
dental.
Sheriff Ed A. Baxter of Sagamund County,
Illinois, is at the Russ. He has come from
Springfield after a prisoner now held for him
in Solano County.
Dr. E. Rndell, who arrived recently from
Deli on one of the Pacific Mail steamers, re
turned yesterday to the Occidental, after hav
ing visited the Yosemite.
A party of forty-one persons, consisting of
civil engineers and their wives, arrived at the
Palace at 2 o'clock this morning to attend the
convention that openi here to-day.
Captain I. L. Zalinski, a retired officer of the
United States army and the inventor of the
celebrated pneumatic gun, arrived on the
Gaelic and is a guest at the Palace.
J. M. Welch, proprietor of the Crown Flour
Mills at Stockton, arrived from Walla Walla
last night with his wife and the Misses Grace,
Beatrice and Maud Welch. They are at the
Lick.
O. R. Pihl and A. 6. Riffle of Portland and
G. B. Hegurth of Fort Stevens, Or., arrived
from the north laat night. They will attend
the Civil Engineers' Convention to be held
here.
Among the arrivals at the Palace yesterday
was an Eastern party consisting of Mrs. P. A.
Hearst, Mr. and Mrs. N. Robertson, Miss Ap
person and Miss Lane, of Washington, D. C,
and Mrs. C. Anthony and Miss Anthony of
Boston.
C. C. Babb, a member of the United States
Geological Survey, arrived at the Occidental
yesterday and joined his co-workers, who will
soon begin their summer explorations in this
State. They collect data during the summer
and work it up at Washington during the
winter. ___________
PERSONS OF PROMINENCE.
Vidal, one of the most lamous sculptors of
COLONEL JOHN LANE.
France, was stone blina at the time when ho
executed some of his most famous works.
Colonel T. W. Higginson has presented to
the Boston Public Library his unique collection
of books relating to the history of women, com
prising about 1000 volumes. The books are in
a variety of languages.
Among the major-generals of the British
army is J. B. Richardson, who is remarkable as
the only officer of his rank who hai no medals.
He is 58 years old and has seen forty-one
years of active service.
Difficulties have arisen with regard to the
administration of Baron Hirsch's estate. More
than ore of the executors named by the testa
tor have refused to act, and complications
have also arisen from the manner in which
the will is drawn. It is expected that the
property in England, which will pay duty to
the Chancellor ot the Exchequer, will fall little
Bhort of £3,000,000.
A druggist of Winnimac, Ind., received an
other order the other day from President
Cleveland for three boxes of fish-hooks for bass
fishing in the sea. With the order is a letter
from the President stating that "the lnst hooks
ordered had been received and used b" him
self and Secretary Thurber with good results."
This is the third order for fishing tackle that
the druggist has received from the President.
The eight women colonels of the German
army, who draw swords only occasionally and
their salaries regularly, are: The Empress of
Germany, the Dowager-Empress (wife of the
late Frederick III), the Princess Frederick
Charles of Prussia, the Queen Regent Sophia
and the Queen Wilhelminaof the Netherlands,
tho Duchess of Connnught, the Duchess of
Edinburgh (sister of the Emperor of Russia),
and Queen Victoria.
Lecky, the historian, is an object of much
interest to his fellow members of Parliament,
who like to see him struggle with the practical
details of political work. The other day he
had to act as teller while a vote was taking on
one of the clauses of the benefices bill, and is
described as appearing so "helpless and child
like" as to be quite out of keeping with his
surroundings. 'Ihe-way he hugged his hat was
pathetic to look upon.
LOVE'S TRANSFORMATION.
No more unto the myths of old "
Sweet Love delighted Clings,
For Love rides on a bicycle,
And Love has lost his wings.
No more the romance of the past
A pleasing thrill Imparts,
For Love upon a bicycle
Now chases human hearts.
Alas! the happy, happy days!
But— cool my burning brow;
For Love wheels down the dusty ways,
And Love's a scorcher now!
—Atlanta Constitution.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
New arrival (at summer resort)— What doei a
day's fishing cost here?
Boarder— The grocer asks $1 50 a quart, but
it's mighty poor stuff.— PuCk.
She— We women go to the seashore in order
to have as little as possible on our minds.
He — Then you are ready to admit that women
think only of dress?— Detroit Tribune.
"I wonder what that man is so angry at him
self about?" said the mosquito. "During the
half hour I have been flying around his head
he has done nothing but hit himself in the
jaw every half minute or ao."— lndianapolis
Journal.
Tagleigh— What do you think of this old man
mnrrying that young girl not yet 17 years old?
Wagleigh— l suppose it is what you would call
a silver wedding.
Tagleigh (puzzled)— How so?
Wagieigh — Sixteen to one. — Philadelphia
Bulletin.
"Well, Uncle Rasbury, how did you like the
sermon?"
"Pow'ful fine sermon, Master John."
■'Where did the preacher take his text?"
"Frum dat potion of de Scripture where de
Postol Paul pints his pistol to de Fesions."—
Washington Times.
"This is the littlest fifty pounds of ice I ever
see," laid the kitchen lady.
"Permit me to inform you, madam," said the
high-browed iceman, "that the apparent small
ness is duo to the intense cola to which we sub
ject our ice in the process of manufacture,
thereby producing contraction."— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
Dobson— Bungster is the meanest man I ever
•aw.
Hobson— What has given you that opinion ?
Dobson— l invited him to take dinner with
me at the hotel yesterday and he said be
couldn't do it because he paid for his board by
the week and got no rebate for meals that he
didn't eat.— Cleveland Leader.
Boy— Do you want a boy here?
Man— Yes.
Boy— What kind?
Man— A nice boy that doesn't swear or say
naughty words, or smoke cigarettes, or play
tricks, or got into mischief, or—
Boy— That's enough, mister. I guess it's a
girl you want. Good-by.— New York Sun.
Mr«. Brinkley— Where did your husband stop
in Bt. Louis?
Mrs. Easy Pickens— l think he intended to
stop with an aunt of his. At least I judge so
from what he says. Her name is Aunty Platt
aud I guess she must keep a hotel. I know
that husband said that he would be in the anti-
Platt crowd to the bitter eDd— and I suppose
that must mean to the end of the couvention.
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Colonel John Lane of Spokane, Wash., fell
asleep as he sat in the office of the Occidental
yesterday afternoon, and his identity for the
time being was lost in the small army of chair
boarders, men with schemes and political
hangen-on that dally ana wearily linger in
the comfortable hotel lobbies of the City.
But the colonel's name was on the register
and he had just completed a long journey, so
he came honestly by the privilege he was en
joying.
Some one had pinned on his chair a card on
which was written, "Wake me at 6 o'clock and
come and dine with me." Fortunately for him
he was the first to bestir himself, and the pos
sibilities of a dangerous rush of the long
undined vanished.
The colonel is United Btates Indian In
spector and has been during the present ad
ministration. He has come to San Francisco
to take charge of the warehouse in which are
to be stored the supplies to be distributed later
to the various reservations in the Pacific
States. His father was Senator Joseph Lane,
known after the Mexican War as "Fighting
Joe" Lane. Among the Indians Colonel Lane
is said to be an object of admiration, and a
man to whom they appeal as a just arbiter of
all their disputes.
"The Indians," said he yesterday, as he at
tempted to muffle • yawn, "are getting so they
take cere of themselves. They are improving
and becoming more civilized. Contrary to the
general belief they are also increasing in num
ber.
"I have just come from the Klamath region,
and before I visited the Indians there I was
among the Xez Perces. They are' an interest
ing tribe. Why, some of the Nez Perce girls
are so nearly new women that they ride
bicycles to school.
'•The Klamath Indians are perhaps the most
intelligent as a tribe, and the Bannocks .
Well, I won't say it. They are the worst In
dians there are. They live In Idaho, and
numter only about 500, but mean, disagree
able—yes, squaws and all, although they have
to work and don't find so many opportunities
as the bucks."
The best known and most traveled cat on
the water front is Tom of the Alameo*. For
thirteen years he has been making voyages
between San Francisco and Sydney, New South
Wales, and in that time has made forty-six
round trips and traveled 667,550 miles. He
is known in Honolulu, Apia, Auckland and
Sydney almost as well as in San Francisco, but
as he is now growing old and fat he very
rarely ventures ashore.
Wnen Tom was a kitten he one day strayed
from the bark Aid en Besse aboard tne Ala
meda. He would make friends with no one,
but roamed the steamer at his own free will.
Chief Engineer Little tried to make friends
with him, but failed, and not even the most
dainty tidbits could coax him into the engine*
room.
As he grew older Tom began hunting rats,
and he soon had the upper part of the vessel
clear of the pests. While chasing one of the
vermin it took refuge in the galley, and Tom
in his eagerness to get at it jumped on the hot
stove. His feet were badly burned and he at
once made for the hold, where he hid himself.
When the cat did not appear for twenty
four hours the chief began to make inquiries.
The sailors told him of the accident and said
the cat was hiding in the cargo. For nearly an
hour Little crawled about in the lower hold
and finally found the poor brute. He carried
him to his room and fixed his paws np with
vaseline. For over a week he doctored and
fed him and now Tom and the chief are in
separable. There are three other cats on the
Alameda, but not one of them dare set foot in
the cabin or on the poopdeck.
In that part of the ship Tom is master. He
is also master of the chief engineer's room
and is a great deal better than a watchdog. No
outsider can get in while Tom is on duty, and
that is almost constantly. On the last trip of
the steamer from Australia Tom and his
master were photographed by one of the pas
sengers. The picture is prized as Mr. Little
expects the cat to finish his million-mile run
by water before he dies. This will be a world's
record.
Colonel Carlos Qonzales, a retired officer of
the Mexican army, is at the Lick. But he is
not alone.
When he arrived the other night it took
three carriages to bring his wife and family
from the ferry, and as he marshaled his forces
in the hotel office the curious loiterers drew
back against the wall and whispered to one
another that an orphanage must have burned
down.
The colonel is from a very productive part of
Mexico. His principal hacienda, :La Concha,
twelve miles from Torreon, in the State of
Coahuila, is surrounded by eight or nine
square miles of cultivated land, all of which
belongs to the man of numerous family.
Cotton is one of the products, although no
less than 500 other families live upon the
colonel's broad acres; so it is a well-settled
country. In addition to this estate, on which
he employs so many men, he has a lot of land
let out to different individuals. He owns land
all along the Nazas River, the best lands in the
country.
The colonel does not speak English, but he
has an interpreter in -the party. He is a short
man, about 55 years of age, and wears a long
black beard, fierce military mustache and a
high silk hat.
It is his intention to place some of h la chil
dren in the College of Notre Dame at San Jose
and others in a school at Los Angeles. He
will, however, take five of the younger ones
back with him to Mexico after he has visited
Monterey and other coast towns dear to the
heart of every Mexican who thinks of what
might have been had the Mexican war never
occurred. _______________
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Dimes— A. S., Davisville, Cal. During the
year 1895 the Mint in San Francisco coined
dimes to the amount of 9112,000.
Winter GARDEN-Villa, City. The Winter
Garden that stood on the corner of Post and
Stockton streets was destroyed by a fire that
broke out at 1:11 _ m. August 4, 1883.
The Silver Question— Subscriber, Repub
lican, M. K.,H. D. P., A. R. and ß., City, Reader,
Riverside and P. H. M., Modesto, Cal.— All
these correspondents want an explanation of
the silver question, free silver coinage, the
coinage law* prior to 1873, bimetallism, ratio
i
of 16 to 1, and one writes: "Will you please
explain in 100 words, for the benefit of young
voters, the silver Question?" To this corre
spondent the answer is, "It cannot be done."
The eminent men of the age have grown gray
haired in their endeavors to solve this ques
tion and explain it in many thousands of
words, so that the general mass of people could
understand it, but they have not as yet been
successful. The question whether it is the
wiser policy of the United States Government
to admit the free coinage of silver In unlimited
quantities on the established ratio -with gold,
or to restrict the minting of the cheaperroetal,
has for many years constituted an important
factor in party politics. Bimetallism is the
doctrine that two metals can and ought, at the
same time, in the some country, be adopted as
standards of value, and to bear to each other
a lixea ratio, established and recognized
by the Government. Bimetallic money is
money constituted by admitting both
gold and silver to free coinage and
making each an unlimited legal tender at a
certain relation in value to the other. Mono
metnllism is the use of only one metal as the
standard of value. Free silver or lree coinage
of silver is to have the mints coin silver bul
lion for individual! the same as it does gold
bullion. The Government coins gold for indi
viduals, making no charge therefor except the
coit M the alloy. The desire of those who de
mand free silver coinage is to have silver
coined, as gold now is, for any one who brings
it to the mint at merely nominal charge, al
lowing the owners of the bilver bullion to se
cure the profits which go to the Government
when it coins silver dollars. An advocate of
free silver coinage says: "Measured by com
modities, gold has ripen 50 per cent since the
demonetization of silver in 1873; silver, as
compared with gold, has fallen not more than
30 per cent. Silver, therefore, as measured by
commodities, has no: fallen, but, on the con
trary, the weight of testimony shows that
there has been a slight appreciation of silver
in spite of its demonetization. The free use of
silver will lessen the demand for gold and in
crease the demand for silver, thus causinggold
to fall and silver to rise, and in this way the
par of the two metals cap be brought about
without injustice to creditor or debtor." On
the other hand, the opponents of silver lay
that the free coinage of the white metal
cannot be demanded as a matter of justice, as
all contracts since 1873 have been on a
gold basis; tnat the Government cannot main
tain the price of sliver; that free coinage could
not restore its value; that it would result in
overproduction, an unloading by other nations
and a further decline in price; that it would
not establish bimetallism, but would drive
gold out, bring the United Stp.tes to the sil
ver basis and result in the inflating of pri«%g,
and increase the cost of living. The meaning
of the expression 16 to 1 is that a silver dollar
shall, by weight, contain sixteen times as
much bullion as does a gold dollar, and that
both coins shall be legal tender at equal value.
By the law of 1792 any person could have gold
or silver coined at the mint into lawfu-l money,
receiving therefor coins of the same specie of
bullion, weight for weight, of the pure metal
contained therein. The gold standard was 11
parts pure to one of alloy, the silver was 1485
pure to 179 alloy. The ratio was 15 to 1. In
1795 24 cents per ounce was retained for sil
ver below the standard, and 4 cents for gold.
In 1828 a sum \ru retained from silver bullion
requiring the test for materials and wastage. In
1834 there was a deduction of one-half percent
from all standard gold and silver deposited for
coinage, if paid for in coin, within five days
from deposit. In 1837 the standard gold and
silver coin was made nine-tenths pure and
1 1-10 alloy, and legal tender for any sum. In
1803 tne weight of half dollars was reduced
from 206% to 192 grains, and lesser coins in
the same ratio, and mr.de legal tender to the
amount of $5. No private deposits for coinage
in these coins were received, and charges of >$
per cent were made for refining. By the law
of February 12, 1873, the weight of the trade
dollar was to be 420 grains, of the half dollar
193 grains, and legal tender to the extent of
$5. Silver bullion could be deposited for
coinage into trade dollars only; gold for coin
age for the benefit of the depositor. One-fiftti
of 1 per cent was charged for converting
standard gold bullion into coin and silver into
trade dollars. Silver coins, except trade
ao liars, were to be exchanged for gold coins at
par In sum* not exceeding $100. Seigniorage
is the difference between the cost of a mass of
bullion and the face value of the pieces of coin
from it. It is a percentage upon bullion
brought to the mint to be coined or exchanged
for coin. _________________
A POPULAR SHIRT WAIST FOR
LADIES.
This will be found a very becoming waist,
the fullness below the flat yoke making it a
good shape, both for slender and stout figures.
Made of a colored chambray, say plain pink,
or pink and white stripe, with cuffs and collar
of white, is the latest fancy. The collar and
cuffs may be made detachable, one of the
features of the season's waists, simply binding
neck and sleeves, and making the necessary
buttonholes in bands and the cuffs and collar.
Make a set to match, and another of white
linen, and twice the amount of service can be
got out of one waist.
Plain natural colored linen is much used
this season, and some show a piping of white
around cuffs, collar and yoke.
The patten is No. 7834 and cuts in seven
sizes, for 30, 32, 36, 38, 40 and 41 inches bust
measure. A medium size requires three and a
half yards of 27-inch goods.
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
•—• — * — •
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
. — ♦ *
"Where are you going, Johnnie, with that
gun?" .•;• .
"I am going over to establish my right to
dig bait in Jones' garden."— Texas Sifter.
Official Route to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern lines. Train carrying California
delegates will leave San Francisco July 1 at 6 p. K.
(Special rate for the round trip to Chicago f 72.60.
Tickets on sale June 30 and July 1.
Sleeping-car reservations now on sale at Union
Pacific office, 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommodations. £). \V. Hitch
cock, General Agent, San Francisco.
•—• — • — •
Excursions to Grand Canyon of th«
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June SO and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, 975.
For full particulars call on or address Tbos.
Cook & Son, excursion agents, 631 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or. any agent Atlantic ana
Pacific Ballroad. H. C Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle building, S. B.
•—»• — » •»
Northern Pacific Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
vention at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorers at
Washington and National Educational associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern ! Pacific Ballroad, For particulars inquire of
T. K. Stateler, Gen. Agt., 638 Market st, S. F.
-> ♦ •
"Mrs. WlnaloWs Soothing Syrnp"
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothen
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. • It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay»
Pain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
lathe best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every parr, of the world. Be sura and ass
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a botUo.
•—• — * — »
CoßONaik>.— Atmosphere is perfectly' dry, sift
and mild, being entirely free from the mist* com
mon further nonh. Hound-trip tlclcaU, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at th 9 Hotel
Corouado, *t>o; longer stay $2 50 per day, Ap,ur
*£»ew Montgomery st, SanFrancisoo. C,
. . . — — — . •• — — • .•.'...-■'
"For pity's sake, George," said a distressed wife,
■■do get a bottle of A yer's Cherry Pectoral for that
cough, and give us a rest." He did so.MONDAY JUKE £9, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Cat.ifoknia Thkatbr.-"A Bunch of Violets."
f oi-cvfta Thiatm- "His Wife's Father."
MoitO6co's UPKBA-HotrßK— "One of the Bravest '
Tivoi.i OrKRA-HorsT.-'A Trip to the Moon."
ORrHKtTu— High-Class Vaudeville.
Park Thkater— Grovo street, between Polk
and Van Ness aye.— "The Rambler from Clare."
U hover's alcazar.- -The cross Roads of
Life."
SrTKo Baths— and performances.
Bhoot the Chttks— Daily at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
Ingubside Track— Trotting Races To-morrow.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Excursion— Monterey, Friday. July 3. t
AUCTION SALES.
BtOto. F. LAKSON-This day. June 29. Far
niiure. at Pine street, near Taylor, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Babch— This day (Monday), Furniture,
at salesroom, 319 Sutler street, at 10:30 o clock.
Assignee Sai-f- I'.jckaways, Buggies, etc., at
1128 Mission street.
By K aston & Ki.pßlDgk — To-morrow, June SO,
Real at«, at ealesroom, 638 MarKet street, at
12 o'clock. - -
CITY HEWS IN BRIEF.
The Grant memorial statue 1b in position in
Golden Onto Park.
There will be a water carnival on the Fourth
oi July at Sutro Baths.
Herman Vogel jumped ofl a moving train
and was injured, yesterday.
The retail clerks of this City held their pic
nic yisterday at Glen Ellen.
Ti i- Union Handball Court was opened yes
ter lay under new management.
The Lincoln Republican Club held its an
nual picnic yesterday at Schuetzen Park.
The executive committee of the Golden Gate
carnival has appointed committees to solicit j
funds.
Rev. Dr. Case spoke yesterday in the Central i
M. K. Church on 'Foreign Flags and the Fourth
of July."
Fred Western, a sailor, fell from the schooner
Columbus yesterday morning and was
drowned.
Superintendent McLaren of Golden Gate
Park thinks tliut Kernal Heights should be
planted with forest trees.
The trial of Becker and Cregan, the alleged
Xevada Bank forgers, will be commenced be
fore Judge Wallace to-day.
A large number of military marksmen were
on the Shell Mound ritie range yesterday com
peting for company medals.
P. Baumeister and T. S. Archer tied yester
day in the double-rest rifle contest for the
Schuemann diamond medal.
By the presence of mind of two men, Essie j
Viola, the balloonist, was saved from a terrible j
death yesterday at the chutes.
Angel Island, as a military station, will be
abandoned and the heanquarters of the First
Infantry transferred to Beuicia.
Joseph F. Smith, one of the three presidents
of the Morniou church, says Mormonism and
good citizenship are synonymous.
In the forty-dog stake run off at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday the sport was un
usually good. Betting was lively all day.
The South End Rowing Club will send a
barge crew and a single-shell puller to Stock
ton to compete in the Fourth of July regatta.
As a result of the cup cricket games played
yesterday, the Pacifies were beaten by the
Alamedas and the Californians fell before the
Bohemians.
The cost of furnishing water to Golden Gate
Park is less than $5000 a year. If purchased
from Spring Valley it would cost more than
$50,000 a year.
The League of the Cross and the members of
St. Francis parish greeted their new pastor,
the Rev. Father Caraher, at Washington Hall
yesterday afternoon.
Rev. Melvin Putnam, a Christian church
evangelist, is in this City, and he will hold
meetings every evening in the church on Bush
street, near Devisadero.
Vincenzo and Theresa Maglio of Fresno,
uucle and niece, were married yesterday on a
tusr onrsMe trie' Heads. The father of the
young woman was present.
Ex-President C. V. S. Gibbs yesterday gave
his version of the alleged "dry rot" and "parsi
mony" in the administrative policy of the
Society of California Pioneers.
The Rev. G. F. Hall cf Docatur, Illinois, de
livered an instructive and entertaining lec
ture last evening at the First Christian Church
on "The Greatest Book in the World."
Don Jose de la Rico y Calvo, who has been
Spanish Minister to Japan for a year, left here
yesterday on his way to Madrid, having been
relieved from duty at his own request.
Spokane, Wash., is to hold a great fruit and
mineral fair from October 6 to 17, and the
manager has been here several days on the
lookout Jor some special additional features.
D. Galbraith of Stockton was a guest of the
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club at Shell Mound
yesterday, and he astonished the local shots
by his good performances with revolver and
pistol.
The American Society of Civil Engineers
will open its twenty-ninth annual convention
this morning at 10 o'clock in the Academy of
Sciences. A large delegation has arrived from
the East,
The Socialist Labor party will organize its
Thirty-second District club Monday night and
continue organization by districts throughout
the City. They will hold their City and State
conventions here in July.
James J. Corbett reiterates that Thomas
Sharkey is a "dub" and the latter, chafing
under the alleged insult, threatens to whip
the champion if he has to seek him even into
his rooms at the Pt. Nicholas Hotel.
Rev. Dr. Rader and Professor Wiles have
gone East to work for the 1897 Christian Kn
ceavor convention in San Francisco. Of the
$25,000 guarantee needed to get the conven
tion, over $1(5,000 has beeu subscribed.
Mrs. Nettie Craven-Fair is not the least dis
turbed over the alleged discovery of ibree wit
nesses who will swear that on September 24,
lS9t, the date of the famous pencil will, James
G. Fair wus seriously ill in his apartments at
the Lick House.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians of this
City is preparing for a grand celebration of the
Fourth of July fit El Campo. Arrangements
have been made for a day of unrivaled sport,
and a large attendance is assured the com
mittee having ihe affair in charge.
Edwards Davis of Oakland addressed the
Good Citizenship meeting yesterday after
noon. His subject was "New America," and
he astonished his auditors by warmly de
nouncing the practices of the A. P. A., though
he said he approved of their principles.
James J. Corbett played first base in the Pa
cific Baseball Club, which defeated the Cali
fornias yesterday at Presidio Park by a score
of Bto 0. Thomas Sharkey umpired the game
between theOaklands and San Franciscos at
the Folsom-street grounds. The former won,
6 to 3.
Signor R. A. Lucchesi, the musician who
writes criticisms under the nomde plume of A.
Sharp, has incurred the wrath of the Italian
Philharmonic Society by sarcastic criticism,
and the matter has been taken up by their
friends, who have declared war against the
professor.
A mys'erious case was reported to the police
yesterday, where A. G. Johnson, a carpenter,
was found in the brush near Masonic Ceme
tery, who claimed he was cut and robded by
two men. Dr. Kinuo, who examined him at
the Receiving Hospital, and the police, claim
it was a case of attempted suicide.
KEW TO-PAT.
CENT
Bottle of CUTICURA RESOL-
VENT, greatest of humor cures,
is often sufficient to complete
a permanent cure of the most
torturing and disfiguring of
skin, scalp, and blood humors.
Bp*edy Curb Treatment foe all Skih and
Blood Humobs. — Warm baths with Cuticdra
Boap, gentle applications of Cuticuba (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild dotes of ■
Cuticdba Resolvent, greatest of humor cares.
Sold throoftxrat the wprU. Price, Ctrrrctr**, We.!
Soap. r<C.i KUOLVBNT. s«c. and $1. • FOTTEB Dnva
isn OUW. Corp.. Sole Prop*.. Boston. '
ttar " How to Cure Krery Humor," milled free.
HENRY MARTIN
WAS ANCHORMAN
So the Lincoln-Club Team
Won in the Tug
of-War.
PICNIC AT SAN RAFAEL
Summer Girls Clad in Light and
Airy Garb Much in
Evidence.
THE UNIFORMS MADE A HIT.
Four Hundred Republican Sta'warts
and Their Lady Friends Eapj
a Banner Ou ing.
The Lincoln Club, which is composed
mainly of the young Republicans of the
Second Ward, held its annual picnic
yesterday at Schuetzen Park. The club,
which is one of the oldest in the City, j
having exisced for many years as the Mor
row Republican Club, has at present a
membership of about 275, at least half of
which number turned out in uniform at
the ratification parade held a week ago.
The following are the officers of the club:
President, Henry S. Martin; vice-presidents,
Charles Heinz, Adoiph Wolf; financial secre
tary, Thomas Mullins ; recording secretary, Ed
G. Kendal; treasurer, Louis Rae Jr.
Executive committee— Alex Campbell Jr.,
Fred Jones, H- Eilich, H. Hansen, John
Gleason, Jr.
Investigation committee— Joieph Barbetta,
chairman; M. Bushaway, H. Ostheimer, W.
Corcoran, A. Danegri.
Nearly 400 attended yesterday's picnic
and enjoyed the beautiful balmy air that
is peculiar to a June day in Marin. The
vivacious summer girl, unusually charm
ing in shirt waist ana straw hat Was much
in evidence. The picnickers scattered
about the grounds, enjoyed the shade of
the oaks on the hillside or stretched out
luxuriously on the grass.
The games, whicn. were to have been
held, were caned off, but a tug-of-war was
held between the Lincoln Club team, cap
tained by J. Eilich, and the North End
team, with P. Riley as captain and M. Mc-
Gowan anchorman. The 300 pounds of
anchorman, Henry Martin of the Lincolns,
decided the contest in favor of the latter
club.
In the afternoon a spirited contest took
place in the bowline-alley between two
expert bowlers of the club, M. Busuway
and H. Jurrs. The two have frequently
come together in contests at knocking
down the pins and are pretty evenly
matched. The contest was finally decided
yesterday In favor of Bushway, who came
off victor with a score of 20? as against
Jurrs' 183.
Dancing was continued during the day
in the pavilion, where over a hundred
couples "tripped the light fantastic." The
eaze of all onlookers was centered on Jack
Gleason, who led dance after dance with
Miss Alfreits. a wonderfully vivacious and
••summery" blonde.
Also prominent among the dancers wert:
Mr. and Mrs. Chanter, Mr. and Mrs. Gra
ham, Mr. and Mrs. *\ L. Jones, Mr. and
Mrs. Bushwell and Mr. and Mrs. Cooper.
Several gate prizes were offered and the
winners will be announced at the ball
which the club intends giving in about
three weeks. At the same time the win
ner of the $100 prize in the guessing con
test that has recently been held will also
be announced. The prize was offered to
any young lady who could guess the
original of a picture on the announcement
card of the picnic.
Quite a number of political celebrities cf
the Fourty-fourtb District were conspicu
ous at yesterday's outing. Among them
were ex-Assemblyman Zocchi of the Forty
fourth, who is a candidate for State Sena
tor, G. Vaiero and Jack Gleason, also can
didates for the Senatorship, J. Baciualupi,
the County Corntnitteenian of the district,
Fred Jones, Tom Moran, Charlie Cooper,
Johnny Wessel and Tom Graham.
Although the crowd at the picnic was
not so large as had been expected, never
theless the outing was successful and very
enjoyable, thanks to the efforts of the fol
lowing, who had the matter in charge:
Committee of arrangements — John Gleason,
chairman; Charles Cooper, Adoiph Wolf, Vie
Casamajou; floor manager, John Wissell; as
sistant floor manager, Frank Bellinger; floor
committee— Antoni Schoembs, William Golly,
William Corcoran, Frank Wilson, C. J. Scheble,
Joseph. Carroll.
ESSIE VIOLA'S ESCAPE,
How It Happened That a Bal
loon Ascended Without
an Aeronaut.
The Presence of Mind of Two Men
'Saved a Young Woman From
a Terrible Deatb.
A balloon high up in the air, with a
parachute and trapeze-bar dangling from
i it, but no one on the bar, was witnessed
by thousands of people a quarter before 5
yesterday afternoon.
As the sphere rose higher ana higher
ana floated eastward the impression was
that Miss Essie Viola, who had been billed
to ascend from the Haight-street grounds,
had met with an accident or had been
dashed to pieces.
True, there was an accident, but the
young woman who has soared toward the
j clouds more than sixty times was unin
jured through the presence of mind of
those who stood alongside of her at the
time the balloon was released. By their
action she was undoubtedly saved from a
horrible death by tire.
When the sphere was filled to its capa
city the word was given to the man on
the inside. He was required to place a
large wooden cover on the top of the cyl
inder to shut out the flame that arises
from the mass of unconsumed oil in the bot
tom of the furnace. Yesterday there was
some mistake to that part of the wore.
When the balloon bad been failed Miss
Viola, attired in a neat bloomer suit of the
baggy pattern, accompanied by her sis;er
Millie, walked to her position at the ex
treme end of the parachute lines, raised
the side ropes that connect the trapeze
bar to these lines and was all ready to
make the usual run before the balloon
raises high enough to lift the aeronaut
from the ground. The rope tbat held the
balloon was drawn through the ring, the
swinging arm hauled out of the way and
the order, "Everybody let go!" was given.
This was obeyed promptly, and the in
flated sphere rose 'slowly, and as it got
above the level of the cylinder there was
seen a great mass of flame and a cry went
up from a hundred voices, "She's on fire."
The parachute dragged over the flames,
then the lines and finally the trapeze, but
Miss Vioia was not clinging to it. The
balloon, however, was not on fire.
Miss Viola was being held by two men
and there was a look of disappointment on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
her face, and then, as the balloon soared
upward some one cried "Fake!" whereat
the fair young aeronaut burst into tears
and was led away to her dressing-room.
Those who held her saw tbat if she fol
lowed in tbo line of the parachute she
would be dragged over the name and that
there was danger that her clothes would
have taken tire, and it was to avert that
calamity that they held her.
"It is a areat disappointment to me,"
said Miss Viola, "that I was not allowed
to go up, but what hurt me was to hear
the cry of 'fake.' This is the first time
that I have failed to leave the ground
when I started to make an ascension."
•—• — • — •
DULL IN THE EAST.
Observations of Frank S. Kelly on a
Recent Trip to Atlantic
Cities.
Frank S. Kelly, a well-known dragpist
of San Francisco, lias returned from a pro
longed Eastern trip. He was traveling on
his wedding journey, and wholly free from
the cares of business he had opportunity
to make observations in New York, Chi
cago, Philadelphia, Baltimore and Wash
ington. In his travels he met many old
Californians. He saw three men in New
York who left this City millionaires, but
are now "broke" financially.
H. B. Slaven, who was well known as a
progressive druggist in San Francisco some
fifteen years a«o, is living in sumptuous
style in New York. Mr. Slaven is a multi
millionaire and a successful business man.
The foundation of his fortune was laid in
the execution of large contracts for dredg
ing tne Panama canal under De Lesseps'
administration.
While to Mr. Kelly's mind business may
be a trifle dull in San Francisco there is
not the stagnation here that he observed
in several Eastern cities. Washington,
for example, was dull beyond description.
A druggist there who bought in two years
ago, paying $9000 for the investment, had
The Present Officers of the McKinley Club ar.d the Man They Will Support.
been losing money right along, and was
quite willing to sell out for one-half the
money tbat he paid to get in.
Throughout the entire Eastern section of
the country there was complaint of dull
times and little trade. In the conveni
ences of railway travel the tourist said the
Eastern lines were but little superior to
the* roads in California. As for street rail
way facilities Kan Francisco was unsur
passed. He came home convinced that
this City is alive and up to date.
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL.
Appointment of Committees to Solicit
Fonda for the Kv*nt,
General Warfield and members of the
executive committee of the Carnival of the
Golden Gate appointed the following
named to solicit funds for the carnival to
be held in October:
From transportation companies— J. H. Man
gels, Harry H. Taylor, F. A. Haber, David
Rich, J. M. Litchfield; from banks— J. K. Wil
son, J. A. Thompson, Jam'cs L. Flood. S. H.
Daniels, Marco Hellman, G. W. Kline; from
insurance companies.— Colonel Nathaniel T.
James. Captain A. D. Mugill, W. J. Linders,
Paul Kingston, George H. Tyson, George C.
Boardman, Hugh Craig, Edward Brown ; from
hotels and restaurants — J. C. Kirkpatrick,
Charles Montgomery, J. £. Doolittle, William
Fahey, Edward Holland, M. Brennan, S. F.
Thorn, A. W. Wilson, Otto Wiseman, Frank
Marston. Charles A. Zinkand; from butchers,
wholesale and retail— Hon. Jefferson G. James,
Bam C. Hammond, S. Solomon, William Gans,
Jacob Schweitzer, Simon Silverberg.
The parties named have been requested
to meet in Assembly Hall, Mills building,
at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
In connection with the concert to be
given by Miss Henrietta Little one of the
members of the executive committe has
discovered a young man, well known
locally, whose voice is said to be a marvel,
and who has never been heard in Snn
Francisco b fore. He is connected with
some of the leading people of the city, and
has kindly consented to sing at the earnest
solicitation of friends.
El Dorado Parlor's Ball.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52, N. S. G. W., will
give a grand entertainment and ball at Native
Sons' Hall on Tuesday evening, June 30, 1896,
the proceeds of which will be devoted to the
Admission Day fund. The committee have
secured old Pioneer Hall, on £1 Dorado and
Stockton streets, and have also secured quar
ters at the Commercial Hotel. A gala time is
expected. The following is the list of the
newly elected officers: Past president, J. G.
Joly; president, M. Baker; first vice-president,
G. C. Gunther; second vice-president, L. B.
Mayer; grand vice-president, F. Norton;
treasurer, R. Horber; recording secretary, E.
Pbflan; financial secretary, M. Arey; marshal,
C. Koster; surgeons, Dr. E. 8. Frisbie, Dr. W.
J. Hawkins; trustees, F. A. Smith, W. Wettig,
F. Bragg.
FIRST McKINLEY
CLUB IN TOWN,
Organized Six Years Ago
for the Man From
Canton.
MEN WITH FORESIGHT.
Republicans of the Forty-First
District Lead Off for
Success.
ACTIVE POLITICAL WOKKSRF.
The Club Stuck to the Magnetic Name
That Is Sure to
Win.
In the northwest section of San Fran
cisco six years ago the wideawake politi
cians saw the handwriting on the wall and
correctly read the hieroglyphic characters
there displayed that the next Republican
President of the United States would be
Major William McKinley of Ohio.
Having thus interpreted the prophecy
there was no time lost in preparing to do
honor to the illustrious name of him who
will restore this great Nation to the high
and lofty station destined for it, and to
which his Republican anflfestors on the
party line had placed it before the all-de
stroying hand of Grover Cleveland and his
followers had pulled it down to a condition
of financial bankruptcy and commercial
stagnation.
Imbued with enthusiasm and full of
hope in the fulfillment of their prophetic
vision, they organized the McKinley Club,
thinking that probably two years later
would bring forth the happy result; but
National politics are as uncertain as State
or municipal in the selection of winning
candidates. Major McKinley did not re
ceive the nomination, and to all ordinary
purposes the McKinley Club was a misfit
in tho campaign of 1892.
But to the loyal forces of the Forty-first
Assembly District this little disappoint
ment in not getting their idol at tiie head
of the ticket was no obstacle. They stood
by their party and did what they could for
the election of General Harrison knowing
that the next time would bring to them
the man for whom their club had been or
ganized and that he would yet become the
standard-bearer of the party.
Time fulfilled their hopes and when the
Republican Convention at St. Louis a few
weeks ago nominated William McKinley
as the next President the hearts of the Mc-
Kinley Club members took a sudden boom
and the club is now one of the foremo3t
political organizations in the city.
This is all the more apparent as it was
the first McKinley club started not only in
Ban Francisco but the State of California.
This year it will be no misfit, but made to
dovetail to a nicety in the grand structure
of Republican clubs organized for the pur
■ pose of giving to the Republican nominee
such a sweeping majority in California as
to leave the word doubtful entirely out of
the question on the morning of Novem
ber 4.
Foremost in the formation of the Mc-
Kinley Club was H. C. Firebaugh, its first
and only president. One of the peculiar
ities of H. C. Firebaugh is that he re
fuses to be led by a time-serving dosb who
has no other interest in the welfare of the
party than his own personal ends. This
he has time and apain demonstrated by
kicking over the boss traces and setting
out a line of policy for himself. Yet,
while so doing his actions have always
been for the advancement of the Repuhli
can party and its nominees. Associated
with him are some of the prominent Re
publicans of that section of the City,
among whom is Albert Stetson, oue of fciau
Francisco's popular young nier, who has
taken quite an interest in Jocal politics.
Oscar Lewis is another of those who pinned
his faith to the elevation of tne man from
Canton. With these are: William B.
Cluff, John S. Daley. H. A. Steffens, A.
M. Hauser, W. R. Nixon, Churles Burdett,
James C. Stevenaon, Thomas R. Knox,
Eli J, Wilkinson, Robert Clark, W. W.
Wade, Captain J. C. Hocjan, Charles H.
Mohr, Henry Gerlach, John Purcell and
William Reynolds.
THEATER GOERS' GUIDE.
The Attractions That Are to Be Of
fered at the Playhouses
This Evening,
The third week of the Stockwell season
will open at the California Theater this
evening with "A Bunch of Violets." Her
bert Kelcey will appear in the leading role.
At tho Columbia Theater this evening
will be offered the play written by Mi?s
Martha Norton, "His Wife's Father." The
play is the property of W. H. Crane and is
one that has drawn wsll wherever pro
duced.
"One of the Bravest" will be the attrac
tion offered at the Grand Opera-house tiiis
evening. Emmet Sheridan, a young actor
from the East, will be in the cast, sup
ported by Gilbert and Goldie.
"A Trip to the Moon" will bo continued
at the Tivoli Opera-house this evening, it
having during the past week proved such
an attractive card. This promises to have
a long run.
The Rossow Brothers, those little fel
lows, who created such a furor in this
City a few weeks ago, will reappear at the
Orpneum to-ni^ht with other specialty ar
tists, including the Four Maisanos.
At Grover's Alcazar "The Crossroads of
Life" will remain the attraction, and it
will be offered with all the special features
that it has been presented with during the
past week.
A new piece is to be put on at tbe Park
Theater this evening. It is "The Rambler
From Clare," in which Dan McCarthy, the
leading man, will appear in the principal
character.
Continental league.
. At a meeting of the Continental League held
last Friday, evening, at 1017 Larkin street,
eighty-one members were admitted and thirty
five applications were received. After July
1 the meetings will be held in a larger hall.
■ -. ■ •—• — » . ■ ■; ■ -
The new railway round Etna is about 62
miles in length.
HEW TO-DAY.
If a grocer says to you,
" I have no uncolored Ja-
pan tea; but my Oolong
and Ceylon and English
Breakfast are as good as
Schilling's Best,"— that is
all the truth he knows, but
not all the truth there is.
He has no uncolored
Japan tea — true. His oth-
er teas are as good as
Schilling's Best— not true.
" Fresh " eggs are good
in the city — until you have
tasted eggs in the country.
Your tea suits you until
you have tasted Schilling's
Best — fresh - roasted tea,
with the crispness and
delicacy of tea-flavor in it.
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling's Best
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco Sl3
PILGRIM OF JESUS
GOING TO CHINA
Father Athanasius Will
Exploit the Province
of Shensi.
SIX TEARS' WORE HERE.
Chinese Mohammedans Threaten
an Invasion of That
Section.
THE MISSION IS DANGEROUS.
He Will Report at Rome First to the
Father-General of the Fran
ciscan Order.
Rev. Father Athanasius, who h«»s been
actively connected with St. Boniface
Roman Catholic Church on Golden Gate
avenue for six years, preached a farewell
sermon at high mass yesterday morning.
This church is served by the Franciscan
Fathers.
When a clergyman preaches a farewell
sermon it means that he is going away.
Father Athanasius is going back to China,
leagues into the interior of that strange
country on a mission to carry to and
spread the word of Jesus among the
worshipers of idols and tfce practitioners
of barbarofrs ceremonies.
He will leave this evening and, instead
of sailing direct across the Pacific, wiil
take the overland route, and report first to
the Father-General of the Franciscan
order at Rome.
The dry eyes in the large congregation
yesterday morning were few. Father
Athanasius has labored hard ana faith
fully in San Francisco, and endeared him
self to his parishioners. The scene was
touching. In order that the parting
might not be too emotional, the reverend
father abbreviated his farewell remarks.
Father Athanasius has been in China be
fore. He was in mission work there nine
years before he came to San Francisco.
But death has thinned the ranks of the
forerunners of the gospel among his order
in iar-away China, and as there is now a
vacancy he is called upon to fill it. He
speakß the language fluently. The order
has lost eight priests in two years at the
mission to which he is going.
Father Athanasius is going into the
province of Shensi. After he leaves the
steamer at Hankow it will take sixty days'
travel into the interior for him to reach
his station.
The pathway of the Christian mission
ary in China is not one lined with rose 3
and shaded with magnolia blossoms. It
is a pathway of danger from the climate,
danger from the midnight attack and dan
ger from political and relieious insurrec
tions. Father Athanasius knows that he
carries his life in his band when he goes
into the province of Shensi.
Particularly is this true at the present
time. He has two brothers in the work at
the mission where he is going. Last week
he received a letter from one of them
stating that a political rebellion had arisen
among the Chinese Turks, who are follow
ers of Ali and one God in the adjacent
province of Kansou, and adding that they
were expecting an invasion by the Chinese
Mohammedans. It requires over three
months' time for a letter to come to San
Francisco from the Franciscan mission in
Shensi, and by the time Father Athana
sius arrives there the invasion may pre
sent terrors that he knows not of.
QUICK SIGNAL WORK.
Presidio Gunners Who Fired General
Dlmond'g Funeral Salute Informed in
I.ess Than Twenty Seconds.
The simultaneous firing of the guns out
at the Presidio with the departure of the
late General Dimond's funeral train from
Dr. Mackenzie's church has evoked quite a
little curiosity as to how the artillerymen
by the Golden Gate were informed of the
time when the funeral left the church
door.
It seems that the accurately timed sa
luting was the result of a remarkably
quick signal work done by the Signal
Corps of the Second Brigade under Cap
tain G. C. Boardman Jr.
The man with the flag was stationed on
the hill near Davidson's Observatory, at
the comer of Clay and Octavia streets.
Two men were placed in the street to sig
nal round the corners from the church.
As soon as the carriages began leaving
the church the sign was passed to the flag
man on the hill. He signaled to another
post on Pacific Heights, and from there
the signal was sent to the Presidio and
from tbe Presidio to the battery. This
roundabout path was passed over in some
NEW TO-DAT— AMTTSEMEWTS.
Mtw ftofa
GrUj^TtTJD CONCERT
Every Afternoon and Evening < .
THIS WEEK.
GRASD VESETIAFWATER CARSIYAI
July <&tlx and Stlx,
With Beautiful Electrical Illuminations
' at Night. •
Sutro Scenic Bail way Starts July 4.'
Admission— Adults, 10c ; Children, sc.
THE CHUTES I
GREATEST SCESIcIaILWAY OS EARTH!
SUMMER SEASON BEGINS JULY 4 :
And Thereafter—
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GRAND CONCERTS BY THE
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA
Unparalleled Vaudeville Performance in
the Big CASINO.
SPECIAL TO MONTEREY.
Friday, July 3. Young Men's Christian
. Association's Annual Excursion to -
Hotel del Monte, Monterey ■
and Pacific Grove.
- Leave Third - and ' Townsend-st. station 7 a. if.
sharp: Va'encia at. at 7:10 a. m. Number of tickets
positively limUed. The :.reut advantage of this
train Is getting down In the early cool of the morn-
ing and f^oing with a select party.. rickets sold
only at the Y. M. C. A. office, Jin-on and El. ls sts.
Secure' them at once. Children under 12 years half
fare. Special train will return ; same day, leaving
Pacific Grove at 4:25 p. M.. but all | tickets will be
good for seven days, up to andinctndingThnrsday,
July 9. . ; Cheapest rate ever offered. . Will give all
the opportunity of witnessing the grandest cele-
j bration ever known In California, '..-.,',
SEW TO-DAT.
]! The Woman,
! I The Man, |
AodThe Pill. |
i'^ She was a good •woman. He /'
]>) loved her. She was his wife. ||
<[x The pie was good; his wife
|| made it; he ate it. But the |i
> pie disagreed with him, and ?<[
* he disagreed with his wife. |i
I Now he takes a pill after pie j\
I and is happy. So is his wife. 1 1
{>{ The pill he takes is Ayer's. j|
<l Moral: Avoid dyspepsia ||
]>) by using Vi
|| Ayer's !
I Cathartic Pills, j
thing less tban twenty seconds, for which
feat the militia was complimented very
hiehly.
The same procedure was carried out at
the grave at Laurel Hill, where the thir
teen salutes were fired as the casket was
being lowered into the ground.
The signal corps was composed of Cor
poral Gar Held and Privates Tucker and
Gould. The fact that the militia at
present have no heavy guns available
made it necessary to have the salutes tired
by a battery of the United States army.
•—• — ♦ — •
When a European doctor is admitted,
and the case is rare, to see a sick woman
in the harem, he finds her covered with a
black sheet, so that only her eyes and
mouth are visible. Many of the beauties
die because the doctor is not allowed to
diagnose their symptoms.
NEW TO-I>AY— AMUSEMENTS.
rROLAnQLR.GOTTIOD <* &■ u.y>u a.id n*r»»«4 • • •
MORE THAN
LAUGHTER TEARS
TO-N-IG-ST!
FIKST PRODUCTION HERE
Of Martha Morton'^ Most Delightful Comedy _
HIS WIFE'S FATHER
A Six .Months' New York Kun
By San Francisco's Home Urbanization
THE
FRAWLEY .
COMPANY
Preceded by the Beautiful "Curtain- Tlaiser"
(At the Request of Many Patrons),
".A. SILiEJNT SYSTEM."
HE MR, PRANK WORTHING
SHE MISS MAXISE ELLIOTT
I Entire New Costumes To-night.
Entire Change of Stage Accessories.
TWEATREn PROP *-
This Week Only -Matinee Saturday
A CHOICE FLOWER
From the Garden of Dramatic Success**
Sydney Grundy's New York and London Triumph
"i BUNCH OF VIOLETS"
A POWERFUL PLAY,
Charmingly ,- Interpreted by ■ :
L. R. Stockw ell's Company of Players!
Including MR. HERBERT KELCEY,
MISS JEFFIE SHANNON
and the S;arCast.
Prices— Evening, 15c, 25c. 35c. 50c, 75c.
Matinee, 25c and 50c.
Next Weetc-Sardon's^AMKRICANS ABROAD"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MB3. t-astcn'riSK Kiirj.ixo, Proprietor tfcMana£<»;
OF OUR SUMMKR SPECTACLE,
"A TRIP TO THE MOOT
GREAT CAST!
Grand Ballet ! Magnificent Costumes'.
THIS FRIDAY EVENING,
18th Anniversary- — Souvenir Night!
MONDAY EVENING. JITLY 6,
OPENING OF THE GRAND OPERA SEASON
Under the Direction of Mr. Gubtav Hin-richb.
Repertoire.
"ROMEO AND JULIET," "LUCIA.'*
Entire Eastern Company.
Enlarged Orchestra! Augmented Chorus!
PoDtiiar Prices— and 50:3.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO, sola Leue« and Maua*ae
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Distinguished Comedian and Singer,
EAIMETT SIIMt I DAN
In His Rollicking Comedy-Drama,
••ONE OF THE BRAVEST!"
Special Engagement of the Popular Hair,
GILBERT AM) GOLDIE,
And of the Favorite Sonbrette,
JOSEPHINE PASSMAN.
' ivuxixo Pricjui— 2sa ana !S>j.
Family Circle and G*llerr. 10a.
Canal Matinee* Saturday ana Sandnr.
O'Farreli Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, Jane 29.
18 NEW VAUDEVILLE 'STABS 18
THE FREDERICKS TROUfE,
'. : - . Mix Demon Athletes. s
FOUR MAISSANOS, • /
ROSSOW MIDGETS,
MARIMBA. VIKTIJOSf,
I.AST WEEK OF THE VITASCOPB.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c. .
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
PARK THEATER,
Grove Street, between Polk and Van Ness Avenue.
WM. E. JOHNS ....... .. Lessee and Manager.
Second Week and Continued Success of America's
Greatest Irish Comedian, DAN MCCARTHY.
This (Monday) Evening, June 29, and Every
Evening and .Saturday Matinee, Dan McCarthy's
; most successful Irish Comedy-drama, ;• •
"THE RAMBLER FROM CLARE."
Miss i Lou Kipley, -: Mr. • Chas. ■E. - Swain, Mr.
Eugene . Moore. - etc. Popular - Prices— Reserved
seats 15c and 25c; gallery 10c. Monday, July 6,
"THE PRIDK OP MAYO."
OPENING OFTHEGRANDCIRCUIT
Tfienilii -HORSE BIiEEDIRS' ASS'J.
RACES! jigg; RACES!
June 27, 30; July l; 2, S. 4, 1896.
Great races every day. Best horses on the Coast
present.. Races begin at 2 o'clock. Mission-street
cars. Special train 1 :15 o'clock."
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS.
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1898, THE
Spring Valley Water . Works proposes .to
undertake the delivery of water at. such wharves
■in this i city 'as p are supplied :. with ; its hydrants.
.Written applications for water ore to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
propose to erect on th* seawall, between Howard
and Mission streets. Ships lyin? in the stream
will be informed ac the above office, at the tune of
making such ' applications, from what hydrants
their water-boats will *be supplied. • Reasonable
notice must be given In all cases, and applications
will be filled at the . earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. and Sr.u. daily, Sundays and
holidays " excepted, unless specially - contracted
otherwise -
"- By order of the Board of Directors.
PELHAiI W. AMES, Secretary.
78
FATHER CARAHER
IS WELCOMED,
Public Reception to the New
Pastor of St. Francis
Parish.
HE THANKS HIS PEOPLE
Company M, League of the Cross
Cadets, Greets Him With
a Rally.
EESENTS BARNES' ATTACK.
The Vigorous Priest Proclaims for
Loyalty r.nd Points a Way for
Catholics.
A public reception was given by the
parishioners of tit. Francis parish yester
day in Washington Hall to the new pas
tor, Rev. Father Caraher, who a week be
fore came from Mission San Jose and as
sumed charge of St. Francis. The meeting
was held under the auspices of Company
M. League of the Cross Cadets, who took
advantage of the occasion to hold one of
their popular rallies.
The spacious hall was crowded with
parishioners and friends of Father Cara
her. The league, the Catholic temperance
organization, was well represented. Rev.
P. O'Ryan, its spiritual director; Thomas
Fallon. its president: N. J. Keogh and
Joseph Murphy of the executive commit
tee and the pastor of the parish occupied
seats on the platform. Company M and
other members of St. Francis pariah
branch were in the front of the ball under
CoQiman<) of Captain T. Dinan and Lieu
tenants P. Quirk and A. Conich.
In opening the exercises ail present sang
the "Veni Creator," after which M. K.
Tupt>le, W. Donovan, Miss Hill, James
O'Donnel), M. T. Dwyer, W. Cadogan and
T. Lyatt entertained the audience. "Amer
ica" and the "Te Deura'' were also sung.
When the chairman of the meeting, W.
J. Keogh, introduced the Rev. Father
Caraoer as the new pastor of St. Francis
parish the audience gave evidence of their
love and esteem for their new spiritual ad
viser by prolonged applause.
Father Caraher said:
"It is impossible for me fully to ex
press the pleasure it gives me to appear
before you this afternoon. I see here
ladies and gentlemen who have not for
gotten me. I need no introduction guide
or map to direct me when I face North
Beach. I have been with you before and
lam with you again. LiKe William Tell
when he returned to his home, he raised
his hands and said to the crags and cliffs
of his youth, '1 raise my hands to wel
come you and to show you that I have
thouehtof you when absent.' And so it
is with me. I raise my hand to show you
that I have not forgotten you when ab
sent, and to signify my pleasure to be
with you once more."
He spoke feelingly and kindly to the
members of the League of the Cross, who,
he said, had been organized to spread the
cause of temperance over the land. This
they have done and he hoped they would
continue to do so as long as they lived.
After exhorting them to continue in this
good work and remain "firm and devoted
members of the church he paid his re
epects to the A. P. A.'s. He characterized
that society as "Canadian curs and Bashi
Bazouks from Belfast who are trying to
stir up strife between American citizens."
"It is also the duty of the cadets to de
fend this Republic with their lives," con
tinued the pastor. '-It was partly carved
out by aid of Catholic swords and largely
brought to its present grandeur and prom
inence by Catholic energy and industry.
"The A. P. A. is misnamed. It should
be called the Aaron Burr Association.
The power that strangled that traitor
should strangle this, and it is the duty of
Catholics to strangle treason wherever it
is found.
"I see by the papers that General Barnes
has made an onslaught on the League of
the Cross. This Barnes is, no doubt, of
the same stripe of generals as General
Morgan, whom Father Yorke has flayed
alive. No doubt they both belong to the
Captain-JinKs-of-the-Horse-Marines class.
"This General Barnes did a noble thing
when he turned his back on the field of
battle and returned to the Pacific Coast,
where there was no fighting.
"He has seen fit to condemn the League
of the Cross because its , caoets bear arms,
but he has not one word to say against the
Junior Order of American Mechanics, w.bo
not long since marched into a Protestant
Church in Oakland and stacked their arms
in the church. But this dribbling from
anti-Catholics will have no effect on the
cadets of the League of the Cross. You
will go on unchecked, notwithstanding
what those patriotic heroes who ran away
from the field of battle may say about you.
It is your duty to defend and protect this
Republic and hand it down to posterity
as you got it from the great and glorious
George Washington
"I love this country as a Catholic and as
a priest. There is no other country on
earth that givis the same liberty of reli
gion ; liberty to the priest and to the peo
ple. 0, Columbus, I love thee for the
blessings thou hast bestowed upon the hu
man family."
He thanked his parishioners for the re
ception given him and urged the parents
to encourage their children to join the
League of the Cross in the interest of tem
perance. ____________
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION.
Nomination of Officers,, to Be Voted for
the Last Wednesday in
July.
San Francisco Typographical Union No.
21 held a meeting in Shiels building yes
terday afternoon.
The principal matter under discussion
•was that of typesetting-machines in union
offices. By a majority vote it was decided
that a union office is one in which there is
band and machine composition.
The offices of delegates the Labor Coun
cil were declared vacant.
A member of the union employed in the
office of Crocker & Co. was expelled for in
fraction of union rules.
It was decided to send a full delegation
to the session of the International Union
to be held in Colorado Springs next Octo
ber, also a full delegation to the State
convention at Fresno next month.
A communication from the Brewers'
Union asking for support in its fight
against boss brewers was acted upon fav
orably. A committee was appointed to
act upon the matter and it was decided to
impose a fine of $5 on any member patron
ing a boycotted brewery. The breweries
favored are the Enterprise and the Broad
way.
I'he election will be held on the last
Wednesday in July. The following nomi
nations were made: President — L. P.
Ward, C. E. Hawkes, D. G. Poole; first
vice-president — Henry A. Chase, G. W.
Alberti; second vice-president — J. C. Ack
erman, A. M. Parry, A. G. Leeper; secre
tary—George L. Taylor, W. B. Benoist;
treasurer, James P. Olwell; sergeant-at
arnis, T. G. McGowan; executive commit
tee— Georee E. Mitchell, J. E. Hooper. J.
D. Spencer, J. C. Horn, Alexander Mc-
Pherson, J. C. Hawkes, Ed O'Donn< 11,
Daniel Riordan, H. de Ahna and H. 1.
Darr; delegates to International Typo
graphical Union— J. J. Galvm, J. K.
Phillips, John K. Winders, J. C. Horn,
John Collins. Miss Jennie Little, L. P.
Ward, P. T. January, W. J. White; State
convention— C. E. Hawkes, C. E. Backess,
S. H. Jenner, A. C. Ackerraan, J. P. Ol
well; membership — C. E. Backess, A. G.
Leeper, L. P. Ward, Jsmes L. Shearer, Mr.
Arnold ; delegates to Labor Council— C. E.
Hawkes, D. G. Poole, H. I. Darr, James T.
Kelsey, J. K. Phillips, E. L. Hover, George
L. Taylor. E. W. Thurman, James T.
Houston, J. F. Bluiner, John Helmer, A.
C. Ackerman.
An Karly Start for Monterev.
The grand excursion under the auspices of
the Young Men's Christian Association to
Monterey and Pacific Grove will take place
Friday, July 3. A special train will leave
Third and Townsend streets station at 7
o'clock sharp; Valencia-street station at 7:10
o'clock. The number of tickets to be sold for
this excursion is positively limited to 500, and
are now on sale at the association's office,
Mason and Ellis streets. All goiug by this
train will be sure of a delightful ride down the
valley in »,ne early cool hours of th^ morning,
as the train will arrive at Pacific Orove about
11 o'clock.
A GAIN FOR BENICIA.
Angel Island as a Military
Staton May Be Aban
doned.
Field Sports at Fort Mason — The
Coming Retire*
meats.
Cariosity is rife in United States army
circles to ascertai n the names of officers
recom trended for retirement under the
recent circular of the Secretary of War, ask
ing for tne names of officers who are physi
cally unable to perform active service in
the field.
It is known that Colonel Crofton, Fif
teenth Infantry, heads the list. He re
reents the recommendation and is in
clined to offer resistance on the ground
that personal prejudice against him was
at the bottom of the report. Other officers
on the list are Colonel Bradford, Seven
teenth Infantry; Major John G. Turnbull
and Lieutenant J. S. Oyster, First Artil
lery; Captain Thomas G. Townsend, Sixth
Cavalry, and Captain Henry Romeyn,
Fifth Infantry.
The Army and Navy Register of Wash
ington, D. C, is authority for this para
graph:
"It is learned at the War Department
that certainly two, and possibly three,
officers of the Fifth Artillery, have been
recommended for retirement."
Some weeks ago The Call published
news to the same" effect as the above con
cerning retirements in the Fifth Artillery,
and the publication caused a lively com
motion and some vigorous denial at the
Presidio.
The War Department has practically
decided the question of changes of station.
The Fifth Artillery of this department
wfll not go south or leave here at all, and
the First Infantry will not go further than
Benicia.
Quite a sum of money reserved for the
transportation of troops will, it is said, be
expended at Benicia in making improve
ments to accommodate the First Infaniry.
The plans of the department, so far as can
be ascertained, are to abandon the post at
Angel Island and make Benicia an im
portant station. The changing of the
headquarters of the First Infantry from
Angel Island to Benicia has been agreed
upon.
The changes to be made in other depart
ments will send the Second Infantry from
Omaha to posts in the Department of Da
kota. The Twenty-second Infantry, in
stead of going to Omaha, will go to Fort
Crook, Nebr. Two companies of the
Eleventh Infantry, now at Fort Whipple,
will go to the new post at Little Rock,
Ark. This post has not yet been named,
but will be christened in honor of some
distinguished army officer.
On May 26 last General Forsyth, com
manding the Department of California,
issued General Orders No. 4, encouraging
and announcing athletic games and field
sports.
At Fort Mason, Captain Vogdes, com
manding, there were interesting contests
on June 26. Records were not broken, but
a good showing was made. Following is
a summary of the events:
100-yard run— Winner, Private Quinn. Time,
12^ sec.
100-yard hurdle race — Winner, Private
Quinn.
Putting 8-pound shot— Winner, Private Gar
rett. 54 9-10 feet.
Throwing Impound hammer— Winner Pri
vate Coleinau. £4 feet.
Running bruatl jump, 16 4-10 feet; stand
ing broad jump. 8 85-100 feet; standing high
jump, 3 feet 11% inches — Winner, Private
Quinn.
Running high jump— Winner, Private Quinn.
4 feet 4Jo incties-
Potato race — Winner, Private Kratzer.
Association football game— Sergeant Mink's
team, 10 goals; Corporal Kerns' team, 2 goals.
In handball Privates Kratzer and O'Don
nell won against Privates Whalen and
Brown, and Privates Quinn and Garrett.
The light batteries of the Fifth Artil
lery, now ou practice march, will arrive
at Monterey this week and participate in
the bloat celebration.
SOMETHING NEW TO SMOKE.
Cigarettes Made of Tea to Be Intro-
duced in England.
It appears, according to the gossip of
high society, that we are soon to witness
the introduction of a strange fashion,
which is now conquering London, and
which, according to the tradition of Pa
risian high life, will soon be adopted
there.
We refer to the custom of smoking cig
arettes in which tea is substituted for
tobacco. It was the high-toned Jadiesof
this country that invented the new luxury,
of which they are passionately fond, and
tea-cigarettes are now not only to t>e had
in certain establishments in London, but
they are smoked in a new and fashionable
club just established in Kensington, in
which tobacco is tabooed.
We must admit that the fashion in
question, however extraordinary it may
appear at first sight, may have some good
in it.
At the present time it is customary after
dinner for the gentlemen to desert the
ladies en masse, in order to enjoy their
cigars, while the hostess and her lady
guests, completely forsaken, remain in
waiting until it pleases the guests of the
homely sex to rejoin them, and this, we
must say to the shame of the nineteenth
century gallantry, generally happens very
late. — Pearson's WeeKly.
A Modent Ducheaa.
The Duchess of Fife is the most retiring
member of Queen Victoria's family. For
tuis reason the Princess Maud has nick
named her "Your Royel Shighness."
» • ' » '■ ■
Borrow on sealskins, silks and jewels at Uncle
Harris. 15 Grant avenue, *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
THE BEST AND
GREATEST BOOK,
It Is the Bible, Which Is
Also the Most
Abused.
OFTEN MISCONSTRUED.
A Textbook of Human Life,
Teaching Men How to Live
and Die.
WHY IT SHOULD BE STUDIED.
An Able Sunday Evening Lecture by
. the Rev. G F Hall of De-
catur, Illinois.
The congregation of the First Christian
Church on Twelfth street was addressed
last evening by the Rev. George F. Hall of
Decatur, 111. The discourse was preceded
Rev. George F. Hall, the Celebrated Pnlpit Orator Who Preached Yesterday at
the First Christian Church on Twelfth Street.
by a prayer and reading from the Scrip
ture, by tbe Rev. Dr. Wickham of Port
land, Or. The topic chosen by Dr. Hall
was "The Greatest Book in the World."
"The oldest, the best and the greatest
book in the world," he said, "is tbe Bible,
and yet it is the most abused. I take my
text this evening from the second chapter
of Timothy, fifteenth verse, 'Show thyself
approved unto God.'
"It matters not if we please men, so long
as we make our lives acceptable to God.
We are apt to misconstrue and misapply
the word of God. To save ourselves from
falling into these errors, let us read and
study the good book. It is the basis of all
true Christianity, and should be ap
proached in the same spirit that we ap
proach other books. It tells us how to
live and how to die. It is the great text
book of human life.
"With all its greatness, it is still com
paratively simple and easy of comprehen
sion. It is its own interpreter and farjtoo
sacred to be used for no other purpose
than to sit upon or as a receptacle for
chattel mortgages, etc. It should be read
and studied thoughtfully, and not in a
desultory, superficial way.
"The Bible is often misinterpreted by
picking out a verse here and a verse there
and then joining the two together. In
this way you can prove, seemingly, any
thing which you desire. 'Judas went and
handed himself,' 'Go, thou, and do like
wise'—they might be cited as a justifica
tion of suicide.
"Preachers make a serious mistake in
applying the old laws of Moses to the
present generation. It cannot be done
logically. When God said, 'Remember the
Sabbath day and keep it holy,' he meant
it only for the Jews. Science has never
yet gone far; her in explaining the mys
tery of creation than the first verse of
Genesis, where we are told that 'God
created heaven and earth.' Ido not be
lieve in the six days' theory, but hold
that each day was equivalent to a great
period.
"What grand characters we see in tbe
Bible! There is Moses, the chosen leader
of the children of Israel, and Joshua, who
bade the sun to stand still. The thirty
nine books of the Old and the twenty
seven booKs of the New Testament are
replete with poetry, wisdom and pathos.
The Acts of the Apostles is one of the
most important and at the same time one
of the most neglected books. In the book
of Revelations, we catch a glimpse of
heaven. Ii is just as requisite for us to
live Christians as it is fur us to become
Christians. What we need most to-day is
light, more light, and I know of no better
way to get it than by a careful study of
the Bible."
CIVIL ENGINEERS HERE.
One Hundred and Forty Con
vene in Academy of Sci
ences Tc-Day.
Will Discuss Papers and Visit Places
of Peculiar Interest to
Engineers.
The twenty-ninth annual convention of
the American Society of Civil Engineers
will open in the Academy of Sciences this
forenoon at 10 o'clock, and the sessions
will continue until to-morrow night.
Between 140 and 150 members are ex
pected to be in attendance.
The large Eastern delegation did not ar
rive until 2 o'clock this morning, or five
hours later than was expected. As a re
suit the session may be somewhat delayed.
To-night the engineers, their wives and
the others traveling in the party will take
part in a reception to be heid in the Palace
Hotel.
The meetings proper will be devoted to
discussions principally along lines sug
gested by the following papers, which are
to be read during the convention :
"Flow of Water in Wrought and Cast Iron
Pipes From 28 to 42 Inches In Diameter," by
Isaac W. Smith, M. Am. Soc. C. E.
"A Water Power and Compressed Air Trans
mission Plant for the North Star Mining Com
pany. Grass Valley, Cal.," by A. I). Foote, M.
Am. Soc. C. E.
"The Condition of Steel in Bridge Pins," by
A. C. Cunningham. M. Am. Soc. C. E.
"Improving the Entrance to a Bar Harbor by
a Single Jetty," by Thomas W. Symons, M. Am.
Soc. C. E.
"The Construction of a Light Mountain Rail
road in the Republic of Colombia," by E. J.
Chibas, Associate member Am. Soc. C. E.
To-morrow the whole party will partici
pate in an excursion round the bay, after
which a visit will be paid to the Union
Iron Works and shipbuilding yards and
the Pacific Roiling Mills.
On Wednesday the engineers will in
spect the different power-houses in the
City, Darticularlv those of tne cable car
companies.
Thursday will be devoted to an exami
nation of the Spring Valley water worts
and dam in San Mateo County and to a
visit to Stanford University. In the even
ing the party will go to Del Monte.
Friday Santa Cruz and the big trees will
be visited and at 7 o'clock Friday night the
Eastern delegation will pass through Oak
land on the way home.
Thomas Curtis Clarke of New York is
president of the society.which has a mem
bership of about 7OJO.
With the exception of the Denver con
vention, held several years aero, this is the
first time the society has met in the West.
Professor Joseoh" Le Conte, the great
scientist, is a member of the society, but
George Morse, engineer of the Memphis
bridge ana of several bridges on the Miss
issippi, is probably one of the best known
members.
REV, PUTNAM'S MISSION,
The Well - Kncwn Christian
Church Evangelist Is in
the City.
By the Strength of His Personal Mag
netism He Carries en the Work
of the Master.
Rev. Melvln Putnam, an evangelist of
the Christian church, held forth last even
ing in the West Side Christian Church, on
Bush street, near Devisadero. The con
gregation was large, in fact the little
church was almost filled, for the pastor's
reputation as an enthusiastic worker in
the cause of Christianity had preceded
him many months.
Rev. Mr. Putnam's theme was "A
Friend to Christ," and he had not pro
ceeded far in his discourse before he was
thoroughly in touch with his people, and
the audience was in sympathy with him.
Therein lies his success, for tbe evangelist
is known to be a man of great magnetic
presence. Rev. Mr. Putnam is a young
man with a smooth-snaven face, a iindly
eye and a low, persuasive voice when in
ordinary conversation. But when ad
dressing his congregation the speaker
hurls with strong voice and great force the
facts that he believes to be truths.
The new pastor is one of the best-known
in the Christian church of any in the
United States. He hails from Ontario
and has been six years in the ministry.
From the start he entered upon evangelical
work, and held numerous protracted meet
ings in various parts of the country, nota
bly some in Nebraska, where he built
three churches. His longest stay in one
place was the past two years that he pre
sided as pastor over the Highlands Chris
tian Church of Denver.
"Mr. Putnam arrived in this City last
Thursday, 1 ' said D. F. Parker, one of
the prominent members of the church,
last evening. "He is the very man we
want here. His personal magnetism car
ries everything before him. It seems to
be his mission to draw people together in
the cause, and in bis career he has estab
lished a number of large churches with a
good support. Money is no object, with
him, for he frequently leaves a good-pay
ing church for one where his services are
needed the more but where the pay is none
the best."
The evangelist last evening stated that
be will continue the meetings every even
ing for some lime to come. How long he
will remain he has not yet determined.
A LIGHTNING STROKE.
A German Estimate* the Force of One
in Bom-power Measure.
It is no doubt interesting to express the
force of a stroke of lightning in horse
power, says a writer in a German review.
During a recent storm which passed over
Klausthal, Germany, a bolt struck a
wooden column in a dwelling and in the
top of this column were two wire nails
one-sixth of an inch in diameter.
To melt iron in this short time would be
impossible in the largest furnace now in
existence, and it could only be accom
plished with the ail of electricity, but a
current of 200 amperes and a potential of
20,000 volts would be necessary. This elec
tric force for one second represents 5000
horsepower, but as the lightning accom
plished the melting in considerably less
time— say one- tenth of a second— it follows
that the bolt was 50,000 horsepower.
CONVENTION OF
CITY SOCIALISTS.
Active Preparations for
Holding One Here in
July.
DISTRICT ORGANIZATION
It Will Begin Monday and Be
Continued Energeti
cally.
HEADQUARTERS ESTABLISHED.
An Energetic Campaign to be Carried
On Through City and State to
♦the Polls.
The socialists of San Francisco are ac
tively engaged in arranging the prelimi
naries for a political campaign in every
Assembly district. While they do not
look for success, so far as the election of
municipal officials is concerned, they are
none the less enthusiastic and earnest
over the struggle.
"Onr movement," said one of the officers'
yesterday, "is one that in its history has
never gone backward, but always onward.
And as it goes it increases in volume
and force like an avalanche. So if
there be no possibility of winning
now we know that the socialists will
poll a very large vote in California. Our
sympathizers are increasing in number
continually. What is going to happen
in tne near future will be interesting,
however."
The Municipal Socialist Convention will
be held in San Francisco July 29. About
the same date the State Convention will
take place in this City.
Already the Socialist Labor party is or
ganizing and getting ready for these meet
ings. Headquarters have been secured at
28 Ellis street, and the party's officers are
making it ready for the work that will
soon be transacted there. Suitable furni
ture, desks and large quantities of social
istic literature will be in the new rooms,
and every stranger seeking knowledge of
socialism will be welcome there.
At present there are five vigorous
branches in San Francisco with a total
active and subscribing membership of
1100. They are the American, Liberty,
Prench, Jewish and German branches.
The Jewish and German Dranches meet in
their headquarters at 948 Folsorn street,
between Filth and Sixth.
This • evening thes>e two important
clubs will be disbanded and in their
place will be organized the Thirty-second
Assembly District Club of the Socialist
Labor party.
This will mark the beginning of the new
organization, immediately thereafter tne
other branches will disappear, to be suc
ceeded by district clubs aa part of the gen
eral city organization, which is to be
thorough from one end of town to the
other. The progress of the worK of or
ganizing is said to depend largely on Chief
Organizer Seller. He has appointed E. D.
Kingsley deputy organizer, and stated
that as fast as possible the construction of
the Socialist party in this city will be car
ried forward during the campaign.
Meetings will be held on street corners
every evening. The first one took place at
Pine and Kearny streets Saturday night and
another held at 2 p. m. yesterday at Mar
ket street and Grant avenue. Certain
places for holding these open-air meetings
will be selected within a week.
Incidentally the socialists will take ad
vantage of the Fourth of July parade to
show their loyalty and their strength.
Every member of San Francisco, Oakland
and possibly San Jose will be in line, so
that at least 1000 socialists will show the
people how their cult is growing.
Tbe City organization will be similar to
that of the other political parties, and a
central body will be elected at the con
vention with tbe State and municipal
nominees. This central or executive
council will, in conjunction with the dis
trict clubs, manage the campaign.
The Society of American Socialists has
disbanded and its leader, Morrison I.
Swift, gone East. Its members have
joined the Socialist Labor party. The
Central Trade and Labor Alliance has
indorsed the party's platform, giving still
greater influence to the movement.
At a meeting of this society at 102 O'Far
rell street Friday night, a full attendance
of delegates were present. After
receiving progressive reports from
the organizing and executive com
mittees, the reports of Carpenters'
Union 304, Amalgamated Woodworkers'
Union and the Confectioners' Union 42,
adopting the constitution of the Socialist
Trade and Labor Alliance of the United
States and Canada, were received.
The ailiance having received an affirm
ative reply to the same effect from all its
constituent unions, it was moved and car
ried unanimously that the alliance affiliate
with the Socialist Trade Alliance of the
United States and Canada, and the corre
sponding secretary was directed to apply
for a charter from that body.
An invitation to participate with the
members of the Socialist Labor party in the
exercises and parade on July 4 was re
ceived and accepted, and the secretary
was directed to notify all the unions rep
resented in the alliance and request their
attendance in the parade in a body. '
A committee on by-laws was elected to
draw up rules for the government of the
alliance under its new charter.
Theodore Lynch was elected recording
secretary of the alliance by acclamation.
Other officers will be appointed at the
next meeting, Friday, Juiy 3.
A YOUNG DOCTOR WEDS,
Interesting Ceremony at Trinity
Episcopal Church Last
Wednesday.
Concert at Harbin Springs— Theater
Parties To-Night— A Night
in Seville.
An interesting wedding celebrated on
Wednesday evening last at Trinity Church
was that of Dr. Ottinwell W. Jones and
Mias Letitia Barsotti. Rev. Mr. Walk per
formed the ceremony, reading the full
Episcopal service.
Miss Maud Week of Berkeley officiated
as bridesmaid and W. H. Schumacher
was best man.
Dr. Jones is a native son and one of the
best-known and most highly esteemed of
the young physicians. He has been a
teacher of gynaecology in the Medical De
partment of the University of California
and also one of the demonstrators of
anatomy in the Dental Department.
Dr. and Mrs. Jones will spend their
honeymoon abroad. They will remain on
the Continent for about a year. The
doctor will devote his time to his spe
cially, gynaecology, studying under the
most eminent men in Europe.
A large numoer of theater parties have
been arranged to attend the initial per
formance of "His Wife's Father" at the
Columbia this evening. S. Feuchtwanger,
S. Marcus, R U. Siebe, W. Levy, H. Lach
man, T. C. Goodman, N. Bibo, W. Kauff
man, C. Crocker, A. G. Maguire, E. Joy
and P. N. Lilienthal will have box parties,
Miss Lazarus, L. Hackett, Miss Hirsch
man, Miss Frank, H. Newbauer, W.
Forbes, Miss Weill, M. Heller. F. Lewis
and A. Baldwin will entertaain large
parties in the body of the house.
On Thursday evening, July 2, at Native
Sons' Hall, a novel entertainment will be ten
dered to Profess, r Jose Lombardero. The first
part will be composed of the regulation con
cert numbers. A feature of the entertainment
Is the second part, called ''One Night in
Sevilla" (Spain), in which will be introduced
Spanish dances, fandango and bolero dancers.
Pearl Ladd, San Francisco's favorite child
artist, is learning to dance Spanish dances
under the tuition of Matildita, the royal Span
ish dancer, and her name is down on the pro
gramme. Matildita, Mme. Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel, Frauk Coffin and other well-known
artists will appear.
Ou Friday evening, the 26th Inst., the guests
of Harbin Springs gave a grand concert, pre
senting the fo.lowing programme: Duet, Mrs.
La Brie and Miss L. Bernard; song, Mrs. Reed;
recitation, Leon Kutner; piano solo, Miss
Edith Scnnittacher; vocal, John Staude Jr.;
recitation, Artnur Bozio; zither, Stanley Tyit
ten; song, Miss L. Bernard; piano solo, Miss G.
Carter; vocal solo, Mrs. 3, Marcus; violin and
piano duet, R. Greer Jr. and Mrs. A. La Brie;
song, Mrs. Frank Bradford ; song, Frank Brad
ford.
The marriage of Miss Clare M. Burkhardt.
daughter of Hon. George Burkhardt, to Alfred
C. Ledeme of the London, Paris and American
Bank, will take place next Thursday, July 2,
at the home of ihe bride's parents. The affair
will be strictly private.
The Washington Associates entertained their
friends at a reception given in honor of their j
second anniversary at Social Hall, Alcaz.ir j
building, on Wednesday evening, June 24.
The hall was very prettily decorated with
flags, bunting, palms and flowers. The re
freshment tables looked especially pretty.
Dancing began at 8:30 o'clock. After the !
grand march and a short order of dances re- j
freshments were partaken of, when dancing
was again resumed until 12 o'clock, when the
guests departed for their homes. The follow
ing committees assisted in adding to the pleas
ure of the evening:
Arrangements— Annie Lendelof, chairman;
Bessie Gallagher, May E. McEvoy, William
Meyer, Charles Packer.
Reception— Charles Packer, chairman; Bert
Chilson, John F. Twomey, Joe Lubin, Robert
Kells; floor manager, Hall Slocumb; assistant
floor manager, Bessie Gallagher.
Floor— William Meyer, Ed McChesney, May
G. McEvoy, Josie Keating.
Mrs.conßul John Simpson, Miss Agnes Simp
son ana Mis.s Maud Simpson are spending the
summer at Alderney, in Marin County.
Mrs. Joseph Grismer has returned to New
York after spending a few weeks with her
mother, Mrs. Davies, at her home in Fairfax.
Mrs. S. Daunenbaum has taken a cottage in
Alameda ior the summer.
Mrs. A. Bissinger and family leave on Thurs
day for Tahoe, where they will pass ihe sum
mer.
Mrs. Arthur L. Loupe and little daughter j
Rose are here from their home in Sacramento
and are visiting at 1603 Scott street.
Mrs. Sydney Pfeifter and daughter are here j
from their home in San Antonio, Tex., and \
will remain during the summer months.
Miss Anna Reitb, the Misses Annie and
Mollie Chelini, Mrs. E. Reith and family, Mor
ris O'Connor and Joseph Chelini Jr. are spend
ing the vacation at the Chelini villa in So
noma.
Mrs. William Walsh and Mrs. Arthur Wheeler
are among the guests registered at Napa Soda
Springs.
Mrs. M. Fabian leaves for Chicago July 1 to
meet ncr son, S. Monroe Fabian, the celebrated
California pianist.
Mr. aud Mrs. H. Heineman have returned,
and will be at home to their friends at 1615
Webster street.
Mr-. H. Cohn and family will pass the sum
mer at Paso Robles Hotel, Puso Robles.
Rev. G. T. Meeker, A. Keer of Oakland, W.
W. Cochrai.e and wife and A. H. Cochrane, of
this City, are revelng in the salubrious cli
mate of Sanhedrin Heights. Among the more
recent arrivals at this resort are: Miss Hucks
and Miss Shore, of San Francisco; Mrs. Paine
and Miss Paine, of Chicago, and Miss Ryder
of Berkeley.
Mrs. Keady and daughter, accompanied by
Miss Ellie Fink, paid a short visit recently to
Los Gatos.
The San Francisco Liberal Union will giv<» a |
social Thursday evening, July 2, at Mozart '
Hall, on Market street. !
■ -V;B --. NEW . TO-DAY. ■ ; -> - ; ~ '<■■> ■'■
Not How Cheap,
But How Good.
TF YOU HAD AN IMPORTANT LEGAL
-■- suit to settle would you send around
and get bids from a lot ' of lawyers and
then employ the cheapest?
rv-*x. Ii one of your fam-
/f* v^l ily was suddenly
Vi l f^j taken sick would you
\^AJk send around to all
/' the doctors in your
/ neighborhood and
( I 1 call in the one who
/ I / would offer a cure
IJW ;/'■'■ I for the least money?
/ ftoSM^i A cheap lawyer"*
1 Jfi S^P^fgjtf likely to be a "shy-
Bter ' " and a cheap
yJ\\ IIX \ doctor a "quack,"
; .1 .; i\^ j and so a cheap Elec- ;
.:;-.> <*&**' - trie Belt is likely to j
be a delusion and a snare. Don't buy a
thing because it is cheap, and especially
not when that thing is for the good of your
health. ' .
If you buy an ' Electric Belt it is cer-
tainly to your best interest to buy the one
which has built up a reputation by its
CURES. After all, a cure is what you
want, whatever the cost, and the remedy \
that has cured others is most likely to
cure you; and even if it does cost a little
more than those whose reputation is built
on bluster, it is cheaper in tbe end, BE-
CAUSE IT CURES.
Here are a few of our late reports from
patients:
"I have suffered from Lumbago and Sciatica
for thirty years. I have tried many remedies
without avail, and have been laid up at differ- j
ent times with my trouble.* After all else i
failed I got your Belt two months ago, and it I
has cured me," writes HUGH FRASSR, ex-
royal deputy Scottish Clans of California, 2063
Encinal avenue, Alameda, Cal.
"I was greatly troubled with Indigestion
and Nervous Debility, and could not sleep at
night. 1 have used your Belt just thirty days,
and I can now eat food which I thought I
would never be able to touch again. My sleep
Is sound, and I am refreshed in the morning."
C. F. ANDERSON, with Ballard & Hall, Fifth
and Britnnan streets, San Francisco.
"I bought one of your Belts five years ago in
Minneapolis for Lumbago. I have used it for
that and other troubles, and it has done won-
ders for me." M. F. ROGERS, Veterans' Home,
Yountville, Napa County, Cal. >•;
"I bought your belt six months ago for Ner-
vous Debility and kidney trouble. I used the
Belt about two weeks, and in that short time
the nervous weakness and brain-weariness had
almost entirely ceased, and I gained fast in
weight. I now recommend your Belt highly,
as it will do all you Claim.' E. A. SHANNON,
507 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
"I suffered from Seminal Weakness for
years and spent hundreds of dollars doctoring,
but got no benefit till I got your Belt, and it
has cured' me after wearing it six weeks."
F. B. GALLOWAY. Densmore, Cal.
"I bought your Belt just a week aaro for lame
back and female troubles. I was confined to
my bed most of the time. Immediately upon
applying it I found myself growing stronger.
I now feel like a different woman, ana owe it
all to your Belt. I have used a great deal of
medicine, but I can truthfully say that your
Beit surpasses anything I nave ever tried."
MRS. P. M. NEHBEL, 1206 Trenton street,
Los Angeles, Cal.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has done a
great deal of good work in this country.
Its cures give it the reputation it has. If
you want an Electric Beit and want one
that will cure, you want Dr. Sariden's.
Some of ' the proof of its cures can be
found in the little book, "Three Classes of
Men," which is free, sealed by mail, or at
the office. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 ' Market '■ Street, San Francisco, .
Opposite Palace Hotel, i Office ' hours; a a. it. to
8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT: ,
IXW ANGELES, CAL., I i ' PORTLAND, OR.,
\ 204 South Broadway. * j 25a Washington street.
KEW TO-DAY. • _ _
The Success of His Improved Hom-
eopathic Remedies Has
Made His Name
A HOUSEHOLD WORD
With These Wonderful Specifics in the
lions;- You Can
BE YOURiwi DOCTOR
Have Your Druggist Put You Up a Fam-
ily Chest of Miinyon's Remedies,
Study 3lunyon's Guide to Health and
You Can Save Hundreds of Dollars
in Doctors' Fees. .
Mr. A. O'Donnel, 41 North Fifth street,
Portland, Ore,, says : "For fourteen years
I have been treated for rheumatism in
various parts of my body, and many a
dollar bill has gone for medicine that has
never done m" the slightest good. After
using Munyon's Rheumatism Cure for a
few days my pains had all left me, and my
limbs have recovered most of their old-
time suppleness. lam satisfied that Mun-
yon's Rheumatism Cure is good, and so is
the Catarrh Cure, which 1 have also been
using." /
Mnnyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails
|to relieve in 1 to 3 hours, and cures in a few
days. Price. 25 cents.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25 cents.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness ana speedily
heals the lungs. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
, forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure— price 25c — eradicates
the disease from the system, ana the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price — cleanse and heal
the parts."
Munyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
nerve tonic. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost vigor.
Price, $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
dni>.'srist3, mostly 25c a vial. , ". ;
.Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
HURRAH
FOR THE
FOURTH
From Now on Up to JULY 4, '96. We
Will Give With Each Purchase of a
BOY'S SUIT
At Either of Oar Stores, a Box of
FIREWORKS
FREE.
Composed of the following: 3 packages Crackers,
1 Ruby Light, 1 SparkiiiiL' Bomb, 1 slower Pot, 1
Red Gem, 1 Young America Salute, 1 Miniature
Red Torch. 1 Trolley Wheel, 1 .Yellow Jacket, 1
Bee Hive, 1 box Red Fire, 3 Pin Wheels, 3 Blue
Lights, 1 package Torpedoes, 1 Pistol, 1 dozen
packages Caps, 1 Volcano, 1 Sky Rocket, 8 One-
ball Candles, 2 pieces punk.
THE OLD I X L,
L. V. MERLE, Proprietor.
616 to 620 Kearny Street, 646 Sacra*
■ mento Street, 647 and 649 Commer-
. cial Street; . also Branch Store,' 45
and 47 Sixth Street, corner Mission.
Signature Is printed In 4 ■'- . A*
BLUE diagonally *3hj
across the f*\ AJ^
OUTSIDE [I f**J-}
wrapper yl Oy /\
-J/J / of every
jT / • bottle of
I\ft ■ / (the Original
(I ' '• JjJ / and Genuine)
/] Vy i/ Worcestershire
SAUCE
Am a further protection against
all imitations.
- r Agents for the United States,
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N. V.
THESDCCESS OF THE SEASOS
THE LAIESIBILL BOOM
Of THK
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDXIGHT.
Baja California
Dam Bitters
Is » Dowerful aphrodisiac ana specific tonio for tm
i aexnftland urinary organs of both sexes, and *
I great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and bl»i-
der A ireat Restorative, Invigoratorand Nervine
bell's on ■ Its own Merits-no long-wind*! teau<
monials necessary- * BKUNK, Agent,,
N Mix.lt, -»LiFS St BRVSK, Agent*.
323 'market St., S. F.-taend tor Circular.!
tr^SS^S^t^^nn Bis ** is a non-poisonous
: >^W»"'''Bt3l remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jdß^rcUßEb^nm Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
• MBSf in l to 5 4»yi.^H Whites, unnatural di«-
IrW OQ»r»nveed <H charges, or any inflamma-
fM not to stricture. tion. irritation or ulcera-
B»—^ i* re venn eoctigioa. tion of raucous mem-
trSI THEEVANS CHEMiCBt.no. branes. Non-astringent.
MMLCiNCJNHATI.O M I . Sold by Drnnilto,
9k. 0. 8. a jSs*fr OT Bent in P lain wrapper,
wt*taWSjfe^ ' U&P&k by express, prepaid, f^r,
ImS^l 11.00, or 3 bottles, C3.7S
*• m^jfy]f* y y' ■ Circular seat or. *• .oast.EDWARDS DAVIS
ON THE A, P, A,
He Springs a Surprise on
the Good Citizenship
Meeting.
CRITICISED THE ORDER.
The Oakland Orator Pronounces
the Association's Prac
tices Damnable.
AFPROVES THEIR PRINCIPLES.
Davis Says the Organization Shou'd
Broaden Its Views of Its Mis
sion to Humanity.
Edwards Davis, the Oakland orator who
has achieved local celebrity as the "actor
prpacher," addressed the Good Citizenship
meeting yesterday afternoon. It was not
such an address as is ordinarily heard from
the rostrum of the Temple Sunday after
noon. His remarks were an undoubted
surprise to the committee which had in
vited him as well as to the audience; yet
the latter maintained its good humor, and
even when the orator declared in dramatic
tones, "The practices of your association
are damnable." there was no demonstra
tion except faint applause.
As a prelude to his remarks Mr. Davis
said that he had intended to say some o
the things he was about to utter the Sun
day previous, but if he had done so he
probably would not have an opportunity
to appear yesterday. After dilating upon
the spirit of discovery which has ani
mated all people, he said:
"There have been various and frequent
attempts to discover New America. These
wouki-be discoverers have all been
wrecked in unseen shoals, and this wrecfc
will come to you, except by one means,
wbicli will be told to you. You will re
member that a few years ago the Grangers
came into existence and attempted to
soothe the hearts of the people. Then
came the labor organizations. But, oh,
ye men whose hands are hardened by loyal
toil, 1 ask you to look back upon your
disappointments and failures — not be
cause of anything wrong with your mo
tives, but because of the untruth and
treachery of the labor leaders.
"Then comes along in splendid propor
tion the organization to which I have
been invited to speak this afternoon, the
American Protective Association. The
question, then, is whether you will be but
another instance of wreckage or whether
you will learn in time.
"The thirteen principles of your or
ganization meet my heartiest approval —
[Applause]— but — you see I conclude with
the ever-potent 'but' — the practices of
your association are damnable. [Faint
applause.] That's right; applaud. 1 will
expect you to applaud more before I am
through.
"I think you have too much appreci
ated the principles of your association
und have overlooked the groat principles*
of human love. What difference does it
make to you to-day whether the A. P. A.
is knocked into annihilation if America
stands? I hope to God that there is not
one of you here to-day who is not less a
member of this society than he is a citizen
of this country. As you have made the
mistake, so has the entire Protestant
ctiurcu. Because Luther in the olden
times started the Protestant movement
by protesting against the iniquities of the
Roman Catholic church is no reason wny
our leaders tn-day should spend their
time rebuking evil rather than establish
ing the truth.
"It is not so much the question 'What is
the iniquity in the church you oppose,'
but 'W hat is the righteousness in your
own.' Because men who are in high places
have fallen that does not mean that there
is not enthroned in the ideals of others the
Christ that was crucified. Wherever the
Roman Catholic church is concerned I am
its enemy. Wherever there is iniquity in
the Protestant church I am doubly its
enemy.
"Because of the enlightenment of the
Protestant church, if its idols shall fall,
then where is the hope in our civilization?
I have a book in my possession containing
accounts of crimes of 600u ministers. I be
lieve that when the minister of the Chris
tian church at large shall rather be a noble
man than a doctor of divinity then will the
president of the university grant that
highest degree — eternal life.
"Uretbern this a mournful state of af
fairs, but it is natural. You must make
the individual believe that he is the unit
of society. He must understand that he
must be himself purified. It makes no
difference to me that one who brought me
the gospel has fallen from grace. He can
not take from me the infinitude of truth.
If one of our Federal officials or one of our
high ecclesiastics shall fall, yet the state
and the church shall stand. What does
one renepade, one backslider count when
in the world to-day nominally 500,000,000
stand for righteousness? The world tlien
need not feel discouraged and feel that it
is to fail because of one little one.
"It is enough to make a preacher swear
this afternoon to think of all the iniquity
that is in this church, and in the Catholic
church and in all the world. Yet that is
not enough to make me forsake my post.
When half the world shall turn traitors
and renegades, yet will it be saved by the
other half. Let us be, as it were, merely
the humble instruments Of that God in
bringing about that salvation.
"There are a few things tnat I want to
criticise this afternoon that will enable
our people to see the new America. You
needn't talk about thirteen principles and
thirty-seven article?. There is only one
God and h« is infinite, and there is only
one principle and tnat is truth.
"The Prohibition party, instead of being
the opponent of whisky, should be the
opponent of all poisonous stuffs, and the
A. P. A., rather than the opponent of the
Roman Catholic Church, should be the
opponent of all iniquity. My God didn't
come to save Israel or to save the Jews,
but to save the world.
"I want to impress upon you that you
want to broaden your view of your prin
ciples. They are broader than you think.
I asK you, Is it any better to have a Pope
in Rome than to have one in America? I
ask you, Is it any better to overthrow the
church of Rome and allow to arise on its
ruins an organization having wUhin it an
ecclesiastic-ism that isdamnable?
"There are men in your society who are
scoundrels. Your organization is as cor
rupt as any in existence. I claim there is
corruption constantly in the work. I
claim that wherever iniquity is found if
tbere is to be peace to you it will be by
forgetting all associations and pleasant
memories and making some men outcasts.
"1 proclaim I am your enemy forever
until there shall come to you a realization
of the individual rather than the social
idea. I come to you to l?t yon know that
there it one man willing to condemn the
Roman Catholic Church and every church
in Christendom and your society, not to
your back but to your face. It is my plea
to you that you broaden your idea of the
humanity of man. You mu3t understand
that you are your brother's keeper.
"In the battle of the world let me not
have one enemy, but let me uosheath my
sword and slash down everyone who
speaks against my God, my church, niy
flap, my country, my home and myself."
The speaker was generously applauded,
and at the conclusion of his remarks Chair
man Quitzow made a brief address thanlc
ing Mr. Davis, and saying the organization
was willing to listen 10 criticism lrom any
true American.
Germans Will Celebrate.
At the last special meeting of the
l>eutsct»er Krieger Verein of San Fran
cisco, field on the 25th of June at B'nai
B'rith Hall, a resolution wa9 adopted to
participate in ibe coming celebration of
the Fourth of July. Members not present
will be Cued $2.
ALMOST BOUNDERED.
Startling Kxperience of the British Ship
Carondelet Off the Coast.
The British ship Carondelet arrived yes
terday morninc. S6 days from Newcastle,
N. S. W. The trip was extremely pieasant
until the vessel reached a point a short
distance off the coast, almost opposite this
port, when she was struck by a squall that
nearly proved her destruction.
The squall struck the vessel so quickly
that there was no time to take in sail and
in consequence a large lot of the canvas
was ripped off the yards like so much
calico. The vessel was thrown on her
beam ends and it was only with the very
greatest effort that she was saved.
For the Lawyer.
The nncle of Sepp, Michael and Hanna
is dead. The untutored gentlemen are
called to the notary's office. The notary
says, "After deducting 2500 marks for legal
expenses each of you will get 12,200
marks.
Sepp— Gee, whiz! Twenty-five hundred
marks for leual expenses! Say, are you
one of the heirs?— From the French.
CRICKET ACROSS THE BAY
The Alamedas Defeat the Pacific
Eleven With Hands
Down.
Two very decisive cricket matches for
the Hunter-Harrison cup were played yes
terday.
At Alameda the Pacifies, who have
hitherto kept first place in the contest!
were beaten by the Alameda team by 130
runs in the first innines.
Going first to bat, the Pacifies compiled
the lowly total of 43.
G. B. Wise and J. A. Harbour were tne
only contributors to this little tDtal worthy
of mention. Ward Jr. bowled in his best
form, taking five wickets for two dozen
runs, and Sioman did almost as well at
tbe other end.
Then the Alamedas took the pitch, their
captain, the veteran Hogue, leading the
ball with a neatly compiled half century.
Randall and Teddy Hood seconded his
eflorts nobly, Anderson and Ward Jr. also
doing excellent v.ork. Five bowlers were
put on by the Pacific's captain, but their
united efforts did not prevent defeat.
In the second innings, played to kiil
time, the Pacifies, thanks principally to
Harbour, put together 4S runs for six
wickets.
It is the first signal cefeat suffered by
the Pacifies this season. Following are
the full scores:
PACIFICS— FIRST INNINGS.
G. Theobald, run out 0
G. B. Wise U. Ward Jr 11
H. C. Cass dy b. >loman 1
B. Dickinson b. Ward Jr 6
H. K. Pocock. run out M
K. A. Mui<:h C. Hood b. Ward Jr 4
G. Wiseman st. Price b. Sloman. 1
J. J. Tix>obald !>. Ward Jr......./ 7
E. D. Severs b. Ward Jr 0
J. H. Harbor st. Price b. teloman 30
T. J. A. 'lledemann, not out 0
Extras 0
Total 43
KWLim ANALYSIS.
Balls. Maidens. Buns. Wickets.
Ward 73 4 24 6
sioman 73 4 19 3
.
ALAMEDAS.
R. B. Hoguerun oat 52
F. S. Price b. Dickinson 1
E. Hood c. J. Theobald b. Dickinson 24
C. Gardurolla h. Dickinson 1
K. <■. Woman b. Dickinson 4
K. T. Randall b. Dickinson 36
H. Ward Jr. b. Casidy 6
H. Bird, absent 0
J. J. K. Peel, not out 11
D. Anderson c. Mutch b. Severs 11
li. Ward Sr. b. Harbour. 10
Extras. 17
Total 173
BOVLISO LYSIS.
Bails. Maidens. Runs. Wickets.
Casidy 105 0 63 1
Dickinson. 138 4 44 5
severs. 73 1 26 1
Harbour. 23 0 IS i
pocock 36 0 .16 0
PACIFIC'S— SECOND INMXGS.
Dickinson c. Bird b. Ward 5r........... 4
havers c. Bird b. WardSr 4
Harbour c. Ward Jr. b. Peel.. 27
Tiedemann c. Randall b. Peel 0
J. Theobald b. Ward sr. 4
Mutch not out 3
Pocock b. Ward Sr 3
Wise not out 2
iixtrts- 1
Total (for 6 wickets) 48
At Golden Gate the Bohemians played
the Californias and came off victorious
by 33 runs.
For ihe former team Doc Bowhill, Rey
nolds and McCrae did yeomen service,
and had not their captain, William Rob
ertson, succumbed to a tempting ball of
Guild's, the total of 106 might have been
doubled. As it was, the score was ample,
for the Californias were dismissed for 73,
Townsley. Guild and Croll doing most of
the batting. As will be seen by the ap
pended scores, Robertson did the best
bowling for the Bohemians — as usual.
BOHEMIANS.
Dr. Bowhlll c. Van Norden b. Thomas 32
i S. B. Martin b. Banner. 3
A. X). Reynolds b. Banner 20
I* Smith c. soil urn b. Banner.. 12
W. ilobenson c. Townsley b. Guild ; ... o
P. E. Holder b. Banner 5
\V. McCrae b. Banner 12
W. Reeves b ' Thomas ...'....... 7
11. Lugg b. Banner (5
H. H. Coo It son b. Thomas 4
J. G. Coles not out 0
Extras. 5
Tptal 106
CALIFOBNIAS.
D. Hearfield h. Robertson 0
P. I). Uellatly b. Coolcson 0
\V. (mild c. Mct'rae b. Reynolds 19
J. Brooks b. Cook son 1
G. (.'roll c. Martin b. Cook son.. 12
C. Towusley c. Martin b. Robertson •. 2"
■ •.Thomas b. Robertson , 6
V. 801 l urn b. Reynolds ......; ■ 0
R. B. Jones c. Reeves b. Robertson 3
O. Van Norileu b. Rober.son. „ , 0
C. Banner not out 0
Kxtras. .■ .-;;s»6
T0ta1.... 73
• m •
Fewer Questions JL>c*ired.
Before Whitelaw Reid became Minister
to France he devoted a good deal of his
time to the conduct of his paper, the
Tribune, The copy editors who DUt up
the headlines of stories of the day fell into
the habit of making most of them inter
rogative, as, for instance, "Was It Murder
or Suicide?" or "Did She Kill Him for
Love?" or "Will the President Sign It?"
etc.
The whole paper was speckled with in
terrogative points. The thing had been
going for weeks, according to the Mercury,
till one day a postal arrived, addressed to
Mr. Reid, and marsed personal. It read
as follows:
"I'm getting awful tired of your ques
tions. Wny don't you find out someting?
A great newsuaper is supposed to know
everything, and ought not to annoy its
readers with needles inquiries. This
morning you ask: 'Will Mr. Platt Con
sent?' How the h—l do I know?"
That night an order came that the Trib
une must ask fewer questions.
Loans on diamonds. Interest lon*. At Uncle
Harris 1 15 Grant avenue.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUKE 29, 1896.
A NEW ARRIVAL
AT THE PARK,
The Baby Elk That At
tracts Thousands of
Curious People.
THE WATER SUPPLY.
What It Costs to Obtain It and
the Amount Saved to
the Taxpayers.
FORESTS ON BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Attractions at Sutroville by the S?a.
Preparations for a Water
Carnival.
The thousands who visited Golden Gate
Park yesterday were made aware of the
fact that there had been an increase in the
famiiy of animals that are kept within
the inclosures, and all who heard of it
crowded around the fence of the deer glen
to obtain a view of the baby elk that first
saw the light of day last Friday. The
little fellow was quite frisky for one so
young, and when crowd after crowd had
viewed the new arrival they turned to
otner wonders to be seen in the great park.
The notice in The Call a few days ago
drawing attention to the fact that there
was great delay in replacing the convict
dressed pedestal on which is to be shown
the bust of General Grant, awakened the
memorial committee to action, and during
the week not only has the pedastal been
put in position, but the bust has been
pieced where it is to rest for ages to come.
This, however, is to be hidden from view
by a great white cloth and will remain
there until the committee announces that
it is ready to unveil It. The monument
occupies the site of the one that was re
moved, just north of the north end of the
grand court and diagonally opposite the
Park museum.
"Is this artesian-well water from the
park or is it Spring Valley?" asked Com
missioner Kosenfeld of Superintendent
McLaren, pointing to a faucet in the new
lodge.
"From our own water works, lr was the
reply.
This question and answer brought out
the fact that the park is supplied by six
F. W. Smith, Who Is Looking for Special Features for tho Big Fruit and Mineral
Fair to Be Ueld in Spokane. Mr. Smith Is 6 Feet 6 Inches in Height, Weighs
265 Pounds, and Proudly Asserts Tbat He Is a Californian by Birth.
artesian wells, which supply the pumping
worHs south of the south drive, and that
the water supply costs a little less than
$5000 a year.
"If we purchased the water from Spring
Valley," said the superintendent, "it
would cost 30 cents a thousand gallons,
and as we use 60,000 gallons of water an
hour, twelve hours a day. it would amount
to a large sum annually."
Tben be went to work with pencil and
paper and in a few moments added:
"If we purchased from Spring Valley
we would use the quantity of water I have
just named for eight months in the year,
and the cost would for that period be
$ r )0,840, so we save quite a neat little sum
to the tnxnayers."
Dwelling upon the grand view that is
obtained from the porch of the new lodge,
Superintendent McLaren said, in direct
ing attention to the barrenness of the Ber
nal Heights: "It is astonishing that the
owners of the property on those hills have
not set out trees, as did Actolph .Sutro on
his property right opposite. It would
cost but very little, require no care, and in
a short time produce a forest similar to
that on Sutro's land. In ten years those
hills would be covered with trees, which
would enhance the value of the prop
erty, improve the beauty of scenery and
act as a great windbreak. Maybe some
time those interested may do that.
"What the authorities ought to do,"
continued the superintendent, "and that
before the price of land gets high, is to se
cure a large tract for tiie benefit of the
Mission people, for this park is too far
away. The securing of park sites is oc
cupying the attention of the authorities of
many Eastern cities, for they must have
parks for the people. In New Y T ork City
the authorities tore away four blocKs of
buildings to make way for a people's part,
if our people here do not atiend to such
matters while it is yet time, they will have
to do so in the future and pay high for the
delay."
Sutroville by the bea had its share of
visitors yesterday, and they amused them
selves watching tne waves and the seals,
and spent some time at the many attrac
tions that have been established there.
"This," said an Eastern man here on a
visit, "reminds me of Coney Island beach
on a very small scale: that is, outside the
baths. Coney Island is not in it with your
baths."
The crowd in the baths was large, and
with considerable interest they watched
the racee, diving, the clown of dwarfish
stature on the platform and in the
water and other specialties. Dana
Thompson, the water-wonder, has gone to
Seattle, and his place is being filled by
young Cornell, who performs Thompson's
trick of remainin r under water for several
minutes. Yesterday he remained out of
sight seven minutes, and came up as
fresh as when he went in, despite tr-e fact
that he had been in saltwater. Colonel
Robinson says: "This man goes in the
water, remains out of sight many minutes,
but it's all an illusion— a triek — and I'd
like to have somebody tell me how it's
done."
On the Fourth of July there will be a
grand carnival in the big tank in imita
tion of the one given at Santa Cruz. A
number of carpenters and artisans are at
work building floats and gondoias, in one
of which will ride the Water Queen and
her maids, and this queen is a belle of the
Richmond district. In one of the gondo
las there will be a mandolin club of young
ladies, "and, by the way," remarked
Colonel Robinson, "we will do as the New
York Alderman once said, 'have a maie
and a female gondola.' "
Within a few days Professor Raymous, a
first-class swimmer, will make a higb dive
from the upper porch of the Cliff House
into the ocean. The dive will be eighty
nine feet.
Herman Vogel of 721 Linden avenue,
aged about 18 years, was a passenger on
eastbound train 1 of the Park and Ocean
line late yesterday afternoon, and when
on H street, near First avenue, he at
tempted to jump off as he had seen others
do, but was not so fortunate, for he fell
and injured his fuce and head. He was
picked up by Special Officer Herve, and
assisted to the train, which stopped and
backed. He was conveyed to the Stanyan
street depot, and irom there to the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Yesterday's Alarms.
An alarm was sounded from box 61 at 2:50
p. m. yesterday for a lire In Mrs. I. Schwartz's
dressmaking establishment, 342 Third street.
The cause of the blaze, which damaged the
building to the extent of $100, Is unknown.
The alarm from box t55 at 6 P. m. was for a
small blaze caused by flying sparks on the
roof of a two-story dwelling-house occupied
by Mrs. A. Griffiths at 5G3 Minna street. The
damage was nominal.
WILL HAVE A BIG FAIR,
Spokane to Display All the
Products of the State of
Washington.
Manager Smith Tells of the Benefits
to Be Derived From the
Enterprise.
Spokane, Wash., is to have a great fruit
fair and mineral aisplay from October G to
17, and F. W. Smith, the manager and
secretary for the community enterprise,
has been in town for several days making
arrangements for additional attractions.
Mr. Smith in appearance is something
of an advertisement of the growth and
prosperity of the country he represents,
for he is 6 feet 6 inches in height, and,
without being at all fleshy, weighs 265
pounds.
"I am a California boy," said he with
pride as he stood in the court of the
Palace and expanded a chest that must
have measured over four feet, "for I was
born at Coloma, up near where the first
gold was discovered. My father, Levi
Smith, was a '49er and planted the first
peach orchard in California, so I guess I
come by this fruit fair business honestly.
"This will be the third annual fruit fair,
and we fully expect an attendance of over
100,000. Last year's fair was such a success
that the merchants have raised $5000 to pro
mote the enterprise this fall. '£ne rail
roads — the Northern, the Great Northern
and the Union Pacific — have iriven a cent
a-mile rate from all points in Washington,
Oregon, Idaho and Montana to the fair.
Now that is an unusually low rate, and the
result will be that the people from 300 to 500
miles from Spokane will come to the fair
with their faimlies.
"Last year the paid admissions to the
fruit fair were 51,000, and it was estimated
that $250,000 In outside money entered
business channels in the city as a result.
"In connection with this year's fruit dis
play from Washington, Oregon, Idaho and
Montana, for whicii $1500 in cash prizes
will be awarded, there is to be an exhibit
of ores from all the mining sections of the
Northwest. It will be one of the largest if
not the most complete collection of ores
ever seen in America, for there is an enor
mous mining country tributary to Spo
kane — whicii is a center for all that great
British Columbia mining region — the Slo
can district and the Trail Creek country.
"Spokane is growing faster than people
know. In the last year its population has
increased 3000, and tbere are now close
onto 40,000 people there. Montana mining
men predict that it will be a second Den
ver inside of five years. Besides the mines
that are proving such a benefit to business
in Spokane, there is a big farming country,
and right at the town there is a water
power that rivals that at Minneapolis,
"Flourmills now turn out 1300 barrels a
day, and another mill is being built to
turn out 1000 barrels a day. It is bound
to be a milling center. We are getting
into the foreign markets with our flour,
too. Nearly every steamer carries a ship
ment for China and Japan.
"We are trying to get a railroad rate
from California points during the fruit
fair, for there are to be two weeks of races,
and California and Montana horses will
compete.
"The Northwest Mining Association
will meet at Spokane during the fair, and
October 7 will be miners' day. A thousand
dollars for prizes is to be contributed by
miners for double and single handed drill
ing contests, and a drilling contest is the
miner's delight."
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
A Number of Sales of Medium-
Priced Property Re
ported.
BUSINESS, HOWEVER, IS DULL.
A Review of the Records for the Week
and Miscellaneous Notes of
Intereit
The interest manifested in the auction
sale of a portion of the Murphy ranch, re
ported in The Call of yesterday, should
be encouraging to dealers in country lands.
The attendance at the sale was very large
and the prices realized for the lands were
very good.
The market in the city remains un
changed. There are but few sales being
made and it is not expected that there
will be much if any improvement until
fall. The scare over the proposed big tax
levy has about subsided and a menace to
the market is not looked for now from
this quarter. The fact, however, that it is
presidential election year is not calculated
to help matters much, even with tiie com
ing of. the fall season, and in consequence
there may not be any marked revival in
the market until next year. Values are so
low, however, that the few wise ones who
buy now will reap tbe reward of their fore
sight when the market again assumes an
upward turn.
Building operations are also quiet.
There are a number of large structures
going up about town, and when building
contracts for these are filed from time to
time it causes the aggregate to assume
very respectable proportions. But an analyses
of the contracts filed since January 1 shows
that the number of dwellings, flats and busi
ness structures of moderate cost that have
been erected and contracted for since that
date is comparatively small. It is extensive
building operations on a small scale that
creates activity among the building trades,
anil it will require a revival in the real estate
market before there will be a renewal of
building operations in the way of the erection
of moderate-priced structures.
; ... , . REVIEW OF THE BECOKDB.
There were ninety-one mortgages, aggre
gating $292,728, recorded last week. The
principal ones, together with the security
given, were:
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
for one year, at 6^ per cent, $10,000 on prop
erty at the southwest corner of Powell and
Chestnut streets, south 137:6 by west 206:6;
by the estate of A. C. Whitcomb, for five years,
at 6 per cent, $50,000 on property on the
southeast line of Mission street, 100 feet south
west of Third, southwest 77 :'- 3<s,3 <$, southeast 100,
northeast 22:2%, southeast ID, northeast 40.
northwest 15, northeast 15, northwest
100; by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Soci
ety, for one year at 6^ per cent, $10,000 on
property at the northeast corner of Fillmore
street and Golden Gate avenue, east 45 by
north 90; by the same, for one year at 6' 3 ' per
cent, $25,000 on property on the norineast
line of Alain street, 206 :3 northeast of How .mi,
northwest 68:9 by northeast 137 and by the
same, for one year at 6% per cent, $11,000 on
property on the northwest line of Foisoin
street, 137:6 southwest of Eleventh street,
northwest to a point 247:6 northwest of Fol
som, southwest 83:3, southeast 247:6, north
east 72.
Twenty-eight releases, aggregating $87,344,
were recorded last week. The larger ones
were: By the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety to D. L. Bliss, $15,000 on an undivided
two-thirds interest on property on the south
east line of Howard street, 200 southwest of
Second street, southwest 75 by southeast 165,
and by the same to Vincent Bello, $11,800 on
property on the southeast line of To ha in a
street, 150 southwest of Fourth, southwest 50
by .-outheast 80.
There were eighty-eight transfers recorded
last week.
■ Thirteen building contracts, calling for an
expenditure of $58,881, were recorded last
week. The particulars of each contract were,
as usual, published in The Call at the time of
filing.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. are preparing a
catalogue for a probate auction sale of miscel
laneous properties to take place July 23. The
list will include the holdings of several large
estates, comprising properties' on Howard,
Mission, Haight and Guerrero streets .and a
Leavenworth-street corner.
The Burnham & Marsh Company report the
following recent sales: A building on Mason
street, near Slitter, consisting of three fiats, sold
to A. Jackson for $17,250; a cottage on Fill
more street, near Umou, sold to A. Lefor for
$3250; flats on Sacramento street, near Leaven
worth, sold to C. Cook for $3250, and a resi
dence in Alameda for $6500. ;.v .'; ;r
It transpires that the real purchasers of the
Howard Presbyterian Church property on Mis
sion street, between Third and Fourth, are
Thomas Day & Co. The transfer was recorded
last week and the records disclose the fact that
Jeremiah and John J. Mahoney, the con
tractors, were merely nominal purchasers, as
they transferred the property the same day it
was transferred to them to Thomas Day & Co.,
the consideration named being $45,318. The
lot has a frontage of 77 feet, which makes the
price per front loot nearly $600.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for Mar
garet Furelier, to A. P. Hotaling, a lot 27:6 by
120, on the south line of Page street, east of
Gough, for $11,000. The same firm also sold
lost week a brick building and lot on Drumm
street, near Market, for $30,000; also a brick
warehouse and lot 137 by 127 :6, near Bran
nan and Sixth streets, for $22,000.
To-morrow Easton, Eldridge & Co. will hold
an auction sale of miscellaneous properties.
The catalogue includes business property on
the south line of Pacific street, west of Mont
gomery; French flats on the northeast corner
of McAllister and Steiner streets ; the residence
2107 Howard street; a business lot on the
south si.de of Oak street, west of. Devisadero;
business property at 1012 Railroad avenue: a
cottage at 310 Noe street; the dwelling 38
West avenue; outside land block 1092, be
tween Ii and S streets, Thirtieth and Thirty
first avenues ; a business lot on Twenty-fourth
street; a residence lot on the west line of Clay
ton street; a Holly Park and a Richmond lot.
Sales are reported by Sol Getz & Brother as
follows: Lot 50x120 on the east line of Forty
nigh th avenue, 250 feet south of J street, for
$500; lot 100x120 on the east line of Thir
tieth avenue, 200 feet horth of M street, for
$800; lot 25x120 on the west line of Ninth
avenue, 58 feet south of M street, for $350;
lot 50x120 on the east line of Tenth avenue,
150 feet south of X street, for $1300; lot 28x
120 on the west line of Nineteenth avenue,'
197 feet north of Point Lobos avenue, for $600;
lot 25x120 on the west line of Eleventh
avenue, 100 feet north of J street, for $800,
and six lots in block D, Getz's addition to
Lakeview, for $900.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have added a
loan department to their already extensive
business. At this time, when many loans are
made by private individuals on country lands,
as well a* on city property, there is an exten
sive field for brokers in negotiating loans for
parties wishing to borrow. This firm has
made arrangements with several very heavy
capitalists, as well as with some corporations,
who are making loans on ■_ mortgages. . They
propose to negotiate loans on property at the
ruling rates of interest. The success of the
other branches of their business assures the
success of the new department. G. D. Shad
burne Jr., son of the well-known attorney, is
manager of the loan department.
Among recent sales made by 0. F. yon Rhein
& Co. are the lollowing: Northwest corner -of
Dolores and Twenty-seventh streets, 15x95,
$450; west line ot Dolores street, between
Twenty-seventh and Army, , $450; : north line
of John street, 22x60, between Powell and
Mnson, $2225; 547 Wisconsin street, $10001
north line of Telegraph place, between Powel;
and Mason, 23x74, $1100; corner of I Florida
and Twenty-third streets, $1750; north line of
Jackson street, between Powell and Mason,
23x74, $4100; north line of Post street,
between Scott and Devisadero, $3350; corner
of Union and Jones : streets, , 62x120. $7500;
Mint h line of Broadway, between . Jones and
Lea venworth, 22:9x60, $1600.
Last week workmen commenced : tearing
down the old buildings at the northeast corner
of Powell and Ellis streets to make I room for
the structure that is to be erected there by the
■Royal Eagle Distilleries, Company. The new
buildiug will be a four-story and basement
brick, covering an area ; 64x125 . feet. , The
ground floor will be arranged . for stores, of
which there will be three fronting on Ellis
street and six Jjn ' Powell street. The stores
will be thirty feet deep, and the space in the
rear will be utilized as a cafe. The latter will
be lilted up at a cost of about $40,000, and will
be one of the finest places of the kind in the
City. The upper floors of the building are to
be used for, lodging purposes. The building
will cost in the neighborhood of $60,000, and
will be comDleted about the end of the year.
Baldwin &■: Hammond have - control of the
property. •
■ ■Bovee, Toy & Sonmag report the following
city sales: Lot and improvements on the north
side of Folsom, near Russ, 25x1000, $5400;
lot 24x87:6 and improvements, on Sacramento,
near Jones, $3700: lot 25x114 on tho east side
of Alvarado, near Noe, i£800; lot 25x100 on
Rut;eJge avenue, 100 leet from Alvarado,
$1050; two lots with small frame buildings on
Kutledge avenue, $1000 each; lot on the north
east corner of Lake and Thirteenth avenue,
$875; lot 25x137 :6 with Improvements, on
the south si<le of Pine, near Devisadero, s4soo;
lot 25x62:6, with three tenements, ou
White's place, off Jones street, $3000; lot
25x120 and two - story buiU'.ing on
Fifth avenue, near Clement, $2900: two-story
house aua lot 25x100, on the south side of El
lis, near Devisadero, $72,000; house and lot
25x103, on the east aide ot Devisadoro, 192:6
north of California, $8500 ; lot 32 :6x100, on
the northwest corner of California and Tenth
avenue, $1400; 10t25x120, on the west side
of Tenth avenue, 125 feet north of California,
$800. Country sales by the same house in
clude a fruit rnneh of 163 acres in Sonoma
County at $23,600; ranch in Napa County,
containing 180 acres of grain and iruit land,
$21,600: a dairy THnch of 62 acres In Marin
Couuty, $6500, and 60.6 acres of unimproved
land in the McMehau ranch, Sonoma County,
for $3050.
CLERKS TAKE BECREATION
A Most Ecjoyable Day Spent
Yesterday at Glen
Ellen.
Half the Proceeds to Go to the Sur
vivors of the Fifth-Street
Disaster.
The retail clerks of this City had a
delightful day of recreation from business
cares yesterday at their picnic at Glen
Ellen. Several hundred clerks and their
friends took advantage of the picnic rates
and enjoyed a day's noliday among the
Sonoma redwoods. The almost perfect
summer weather which prevailed through
the day made the outing a particular'y
enjoyable one to the salesmen and sales
women who had almost forgotten what
sunshine is during the recent foggy
weather in this City.
Messrs. Morris and Louis Metzger were
among the most active in making ar
rangements for the outing. In making
the elaborate preparations for the picnic
they were ably assisted by the following,
who served on various committees:
H. Friedlander, B. P. McDonough, D. J.
Sheehan, J. Adler, M. J. Gildea, W. Hall,
Frank Condon, W. J. Ahem, G. E. Rrss,
Milton Hart, Miss Rosie Jacobs, Miss
Alice Edwarls, Miss Page, L. Kuttner, J.
Backman, Miss A. M. Laurie, Missßianey,
Miss Lulu Pyat, Martin Erlenbach, A. H.
Grossman, John Hammer, Clark Miner,
Miss Maud L«;vy, C. Olancy.
A generous variety of prizea was
awarded, among the many valuable gate
prizes being a bicycle. The prizes in the
various races and sports were scarcely less
valuable, and included the following:
In the married ladies' race, an order for
a large photo, which was kindly donated
by the Globe Portrait Company, good for
any time party presents her photo.
An order for a pocketbookfromSanborn,
Vail & Co. for the young ladies' race.
To the winner of tne fat man's race, an
elegant smoking set, the very latest from
Paris.
The winner of the single men's race re
ceived one set of cuff and collar boxes
from the Japanese department of the Em
porium.
In the girls' race an order on the candy
stand of tie Emporium for a box of French
cream candies was presented to the victor.
The prize in the race for boys under 16
was an order on Beamish for one sweater.
The winner of the special race of the
San Francisco Call was given a free sub
scription to The Call for one year.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell gave one silver cup,
finely engraved, for a special race; al.so an
invitation to all the comers to ttiis picnic
to visit his ranch.
One of the most interesting features of
the day's diversions was a tug of war con
test in wuich four teams were entered,
composed of employes of the following
firms: J. J. O'Brien^ Hale Bros.. O'Con
nor & Moffat and the White House. J.
W. Wyckoff of the Emporium acted as
referee of the contest.
One-half of the profits arising from the
excursion will be given to aid the sur
vivors of the Fifth-street disaster. The
generosity of the clerks in promptly show
ing in a substantial manner tneir sym
pathy for the unfortunate sufferers of the
recent horror is particularly commendable
and worthy of general imitation.
STABBED AND ROBBED.
A. G. JohnSon Found Dying in
the Brush— Claims He Was
Waylaid.
The Police and a Receiving Hospital
Doctor Say He Attempted
Suicide.
A. G. Johnson, a carpenter with a wife
and six children residing at 720 Fell street,
was found in a dying condition in the
brush near the Masonic Cemetery at 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon by a young
man.
When questioned as to the cause of his
injuries he stated that he had left his
home in the morning at 7 o'clock with the
intention of visiting a friend named Jonn
McCready, who resides at 2616 McAllister
street. Taking the Hayes-street car for
that purpose he got off at Lott street to
make a short cut through the brush and
there met two masked men, who attacked
him.
One held him while the other cut him
severely in both his wrists and stabbed
him several times in the region of the
heart and tben robbed him of $46 30 and
some valuable papers, and left him, as
they thought, dead.
The young man who found Johnson re
ported the case to the police, and the
patrol wagon was sent out and brought
him to the Receiving Hospital, where he
repeated the same story as that told his
rescuers, adding that he became uncon
scious after being injured and when he
came to he was too weaK to leave the
place.
Dr. Rinne made an examination of his
injuries und pronounced them self-in
flicted.
Detective Fitzgerald was detailed on the
case and, after making his investigation,
corroborated the opinion of Dr. Rinne
that it was a case of attempted suicide.
But Johnson sticks to his version of the
assault and robbery.
new to-day:
Take No Substitute-
Gail Borden
Eagle Brand
- CONDENSED MILK |
Has always stood FIRST in the estima- I
tion of the American People. No other is S
"just as good." Best Infant Food.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION
SUNBURN
NEW TO-DAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY
That this noted specialist stands pre-
eminently at the head of the medical pro-
fession is no longer a question of doubt.
That he has investigated further, into the
mysteries of life and penetrated deeper
the secrets of disease, than his quite
worthy but less successful associates, fs
now acknowledged by nil. His experi-
ence is lifelong, and h.s record right here
in San Francisco, at 737 Market street, is
simply
A Series of Professional
Triumphs.
There are thousands upon thousands in
this land to-day who are praising his
name, because he has made their lives
happy and brought sunshine into their
homes. i The following are among the
diseases us cures: 
l |j\ftriM inflammation of. Bright's disease.
, IV i i"ii Li I ■*. ditiDetes. congestion of the kid-
neys, urasmia, gravel, stone.
Dl 4UhL'L> Inflammation, cystitis, cyster-
DlJil/ULil. rhea, catarrh of" the bladder.
mill cases of acute or chronic inflamma-
Jjlij. tion, far or near sighted ness, dimness
of vision, scrofulous eye, closing of the eye-
i duct, squinting, cross-eyed, wild hairs,
! syphilitic sore eyes, granulated. lid?, tumor,
| cancer of the lids, etc.
rip Deafness from catarrh, singing or roar-
fmit. Ing noises, thickened drum, inflamma-
tion of external ear, purulent discharging
from ear, etc.
Hi; ilk Neuralgia, sick, nervous or conges-
iitKU. tive headache, dull, full feeling, loss
I of memory, dizziness, softening of the brain,
' tumors and eczema of the scalp.
TIIRfIIT Catarrhal sore throat, acute and
1 killlfii 1 . chronic pharyngitis, enlarged ton-
j sils and palate, hoarseness, lo.is of voice, thick
phlegm in throat, causing hawking.
I IllVf l Consumption in the first and second
i liL'liUt stages, hemorrhages and chronic
bronchitis, dry and loose coughs, pains In
I chest, difficulty in breathing, bepatizations,
j asthma, etc.
lIPIRT Valvular diseases, weak and fatty
ill; till, heart, dropsy and rheumatism of
heart, languid circulation, etc.
VTA\I-iril Catarrh, ulceration and acid
; (llWirl.ll.fi. dyspepsia, indigestion, pain and
i fullness after eating, heartburn, water brasu
i and d.fficulty in swallowing.
I I IVVft S!I>I Pi?il T All diseases of the I'ver,
Li I Lit, kllljrj|j:l. spleen, bowels, all nerv-
I ous and reflex disorders, rheumatism and
all skin diseases, eczema, salt. rheum, ring-
worm, hip-joint disease, old sores, fever sorei,
[ stiff joint, hare lip, spinal irritation, nervous
prostration.
PFPTIIPP Piles, fistula, vnricocele, hydro-
lI MI 1 liflL. C eie and all swelling and ten-
! derness quickly cured without paiu or deten-
j tion from business.
VAf'l IHPV lf you are troubled with
K/lJilU ■ 111 L.I, vital losses. exhaus Ing
drains, pimples, bashful ness, aversion to soci-
ety, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-confidence, which de-
. wrive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
fit you for study, business or marriage— if yon
are thus afflicted you know the causa Get well
and be a man.
]|lIDDLE-AfiED 1 AIID0L»fflKI,S B oSiB 1 3
of you troubled with weak, achine backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; impotency or weakness of
sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
of nervous debility and premature decay.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
PPHMTF diseases — Gleet, Inflammations,
llliiillL Discharges, Strictures, Weakness
of Organs, ydrocele, Varicocele and kindred
troub es quickly cured without pain and deten-
tion from business.
BLOOD MD SKI\ Diseases, Sores, Spots,
DL'f'MF ;I,IW >Kll PimDles, Scrofula!
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving the system in a strong, pun
and healthful state.
liKFKI\ AP \VA\IPiVf If yon are suffer-
l>l>EiAMft VI IlVJlCiii. ing from any of
the diseases peculiar to your sex, such as tail-
ing or displacement of the womb, leucorrhoa,
suppressed or painful menstruation, inflam-
mation or uiceration, bloating, headaches,
spinai weakness or -any disease of the genito-
urinary organs, call or write to him and he
will tell you just what can be done for you. '
FREE TREATMENT for the poor who call
f lirifi 1 Ilt.i 1 lllLil 1 in person at office on
Friday afternoons.
WP.ITF. v . our troubles if living away from the
II 111 Hi city. Thousands cured at home by
correspondence, and medicines sent secure,
from observation. A book of important in-
formation sent free to those describing their
troubles.
OFFICE HOURS: 9 till 12 a. m. and 2 till 5
and 7 till 8 p.m. Sundays, 10 till 12 only.
Address
Fl QWFnWV Mfl 737 Market St.,
r. L. OflLttlll, HI. U., San Francisco, CaL
HOTEL EMPIM,
FIRE-PROOF. *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with baths .
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson River*
•AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L " to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
b New York. W. JOHNSON QUINN, Mgr.
WM. NOBL&, Propr.
Redemption of Dupont-St, Bonds.
rpBEASURKR'S OFFICE. CITY AND COUNTY
lof San Francisco, June 17, 1896. • .
Holders of Dupont-street bonds Issued under an
act of ;he state Legislature entitled, "An act to
authorize the widening of Uupont street, in tno
City of San Francisco," adopted March 23, 1878.
are htreby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive sealed proposals for surrender of said
bonds, as provided by section 13 of said act, at
j his office, in the New City Hall. San Francisco,
until 12 o'clock noon of XUKsDAY, June 30,
1896.
The amonnt to he applied to the redemption of
said bonds Is about three hundred anil seventy-flve
thousand dollars ($375,000). Bidders will state
at: what rate they will surrender their bonds for ,
payment, less coupons due. Ko proposals abova
par will be considered.
Bids to be Indorsed, "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-strtjet Bonds." , A- O. WIDBKIt,
City and County Treasurer.
OOSMOFO£jITAjV,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 103 Fifth St., a*i
Iranclsco, CaL— most select fatally howl v '
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 anil $1 3d p»c
Cay ' according to room. • Meals 25c. j Kooma, a)i
and 7 60 a day. ■ J)'re« coach to ana from the • not*.
.Look for the coacii oeitri'ii Uia name of ma Cog. -
Biojjuinttu ii.oi.oi. \iiLx&A&*< iTopntlrO* .
910
jfs* fegs^^pagga^ssss^ 3^^^^ — i
Order of the Eastern Scar.
Mrs. Carrie L. Peaslee, the worthy grand
matron, will, on the Ist of July, commence a
tour of visitation in District No. 15. This will
include Marguerite Chapter at Santa Barbara,
Ventura Chapter at San Buenaventura, Beth
lehem Chapter at Paso Robles, Ramona Chap
ter at Arroyo Grande, Mizpah Cnapter at Santa
Maria, Violet Chapter at San Miiruel and Co
rona Charter at San Luis Obtapo. She will
also visit Pasadena and then come to San Fran
cisco.
Azalea Chapter has moved from Campo Seco
to San Andreas. Oalavcras County, and since
the move has received eighteen applications.
Moving in this case was followed with good re
sults.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Members of tiie subordinate lodges aDa of the
Rebekah lodges met in Fraternal Hall last Satur
day and organized the Ridgley Literary and Social
Club, which is to be the successor of the organiza
tion which recently gave a series of entertain
ments in Odd Fellows' Hail. It will be the aim
of the new organization to give entertainments
that will De as attractive, if not more so, than
were those given by the previous body.
To-night 'Excelsior Lodge will confer the second
and third degrees
Reports from tho interior show that memorial
services were held in every section of the jurisdic
tlon of California recently.
The (irand Encampment of the State of Nevada
has elected F. 1 updtke as Q. C P.
Imtallations will be the order during the first
half or July.
Some time since Industrial Lodge of Sacramento
adopted a resolution protesting against the eni
p'oyment of l hmese or Japanese ai the htm in
Thermalito, and a copy was sent to lirand St crf
tary Shaw by J L. Kooiuette, recording secretary
01 theiodge. To this the trnnd secretary, who is
ex-ofßclo secretary ot the hoard ot directors of the
home, answered as follows: Ihe communication
from yourlodne relative u> the employment of
Chinese in the laundry at the home was received
and considered at the meeting of the trustees held
on the Bth inst Ihe board fully realizes that
white help is preferable, out. so far. they have been
unable to procure the sHme. At first they had
women for that DUrpos". but these quit on account
of the amount ot work to be done, and since then
none but Chinese could be had. The board hold
themselves in readiness to substitute a more de
sirable class whenevt r it can be hau, aud if any
can be had In your city please commun cate with
the superintendent, who will gladly , niploy them.
At present there are two t hinese employed— one
at *>7 unJ the oilier at $5 per weeK— who ilo a,l the
laundry wane, aud also wash the windows for the
entire building. Ihe board would be willing to pay
a little more and have the richi kind of employes.
Hay City Lodze has elected William Ro h as
nob.c grand and Theodore Btelo<r as recording
secretary ior theeusniiiK term.
Grand Master Warboys was with Napa Lodge
last Thursday when the dee^ree team 01 Goi en
state Lodge conferred the initiators' degree on
several candidates.
The Keb«kaln.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will hold a public in
stallationon Wednesday next.
The Kebekahs of Santa Cruz have elected Mrs
Mary Kawle noble grand.
The open meetinc of I-oyal Rebekah Lodge has
been pos poned until Monday, the 13;h of July.
It has b- en finally decided th«t the Orphans'
Home shall be located in Gllroy. a five-acre tract
corner of Forest, street and Mar. in lane having
been selec ed on which to erect a building suitable
to meet the demands.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The Buffalo Courier of recent date has the fol
lowing concerning a California delegate to the
Supreme Lodge:
"Among the delegates to the Supreme Lodge of
the A. O. U. W., now holding its sessions in this
city, is William H. Barnes of san Francisco. Mr.
Barnes is a veteran newspaper man and estab
lished the first fraternal society department pub
lished in a newspaper. This department was a
feature of the first issue of the San Francisco
Weekly Call on July lri. 1878. }ir. Barnes has
been connected wi h he fia.ernal press for many
years and at present is edi:or and proprietor of ihe
New Age, the oldest fraternal paper punlisned.
Mr. Barnes joined the . 11. v. t. on ataining his
majority, and since that time has been prominent
in traieriial affairs. Before ret urning to California
he will deliver sever 1 lectures in New K.nzland
at the r quest of local lodges, ami also visit his
Old home in Georgia. Mr. I arnes was (.rani Mas
ter Work-Man of the Grand Lodge of California in
IMB2, and was the Grand Lecturer of that body for
twelve vars. Last year he declined a reuppoint
meit to this p' s. r ion."
By a dUasliOus fire in Cripple Creek recently a
number of lueiuDirs of the order lost all by "the
flarues ai.d the lougercoiu ot Cripple Cre-ek Lodge
and contents were swept. i\v.t,. < r.uid Kicorder
Boyd, carrying out the principles of the A. O.
U. U., ■ harity, hope ami protection, at on c pro
cured a carload of groceries a'nl provisions on his
own account, relying on the i edges of the jurisdic
tion to reimburse him, distributed the necessaries
to every workman who 11 eded assistance, wiic. tier
member of Criuple Creek Ludee or not.
Tne membership of the order 011 the Ist of May
was 36U.611.
The jurisdiction of Washington expec's to reach
the 10,000 limit by the Is: 01 January next.
Grand Recorder 1 lrshberg, writing from Buf
falo, where tne Supreme Loise neld its session,
announced umler ,iate of the lbth of June that 1 he
Grand body would dispose of ihe following propo
sitions: Graded assessment on tlie tive-ye .r pan ;
filing the age limi. at from J8 o 4"j; "debarring
women -is members of the ord«r anu beneficiary
oertiflcMtes 01 two grades, *2UOO and $10 )0.
Gr.:;ja ..ißstei > inter was visiting during the past
week in the southern par. of the State.
Degree of Honor.
The Superior Lodge has adopted a constitution
and by-Jaws which have met with the approval of
the supreme Lodge. As soon a? copies are re
ceived by Mrs. Poland, the. erand secretary will
distnbuie them to the subordinate lodges.
Expense :»ss. ss ■ ent No. 9 of 50 cents per capita
on beneficiary mt-mir.ri has been levied and will
be delinquent on the u8 ii of July.
The district deputies are preparing for the in
s'alations to tafce place during the first ha'f in
July.
On the 9th of Juh- Ivy Lodge will give a dra
matic entertainment and dance. The play is from
the pen of M rs. Wood of Oan land.
Guarantee Fund.
TheGuranee Fund has levied one assessment
for the month of July and it will be delinquent on
the 28th of that month.
Native Son* of thn Golden West.
Grand Inside sentinel J. D. Norris of Center
vllle, Frank 1.. Coombs of Napa and P. E. Zahala
of Salinas were among the visitors at the grand
secretary's oilice iast week.
San FranciSCD I'arlor will give a picnic at San
Raiael ou the 2tith ot July and their invitations
read, --R. U. with us?' 1
Tne musical talent in Sequoia Parlor has organ
ized a brass band and selected the following
named officers: R. I). Barton. ; resident: J M
Newberi, secretary: L. J. 1 alo, treasurer, and
Professor \'nn der Mehden, instructor. The ma
jority of the membets ot ;lie new organization are
letter-carrier*, and having plenty of stavin"
ion" and '.oo I wind will undoubtedly make good
'wind pushers "
The membtis of ihe I lam beau Club are com
pleting their arr-tnijements for their masquerade
to be given on the evening of the ?.d of July and
their cry is, "Hey, there! Are you going io ioin
usT" Milk Inspector Dork.-ry wii; he the King
and will lead the srand march. Grand Secretary
Lunstedt is the chairman of the reception com
mittee, and the committee of arrangements is
lOmposed of W. I), -hea, H. F. I'ernnu. J. J
Jameson, Henry Lachman, Ilenrv Stein, James
stovall, William smniels, J. O'i-wyer ana B. C.
Laws.
Judee W. M. Conlev of Madera, the grand lect
urer, finished b s vacation with friends in this
City last week.
John Totrmm was the gupst of the grand secre
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
■'.VvnhLLOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesfiorff St. Tel. Main 1054 "
iii'Ascß OFFICE ' •
E23 Market su, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
• . J. S. PUIII>Y, Manager. ■
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, (C F. -
CHiCAOO. riaVAlh WIUH AikW VOUK.
tary last week. Mr. Totham is a member ot Fre
mont Parlor of Hollister.
The joint committee of the parlors of the Native
Sons and the Native Daughters has completed
the preliminaries for the parade on the Fourth.
Both orders wi>l participate, the ladies going in
carriages, which will be tastefully decorattd,
while the mer, will, as Assistant Secretary Jameson
says, "iro a foot bacK." Ihe beautiful banners of
the order will be displayed.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
Buena Vista Parlor will publicly Install Us
officers on the evening of Friday, July 10.
Fremont Parlor, N. D., and Sequoia Parlor will
hold a grand public Installation of its officers Mon
day evening, July 6.
The nng designed by the committee for the re
tiring president is a very handsome one. It Is em
blematic ot the order and represents the colors
recently adopted, ruby for scarlet, diamond fur
white and gold for yellow. A very pretty bangle
is attached to the ring and on this is ,a space for
the inscription.
Piedmont Parlor Native Daughters and Pied
mont Parlor Native Sons will join ly install their
officers in public on the 10th of July.
Orinda P» or cave an eutertamment In ihe
shape of f. oar.ar and a tea at the residence of Mrs.
Mills. 17i't> Ki-oadwa/. There was a large attend
• auce a'.rnoon and evening and those who at
tended treatly enjoyed themselves. The bazar
wan ... aid of the flag fund and a goodly sum w»a
realised. Among those who were present were
Grand President Mary E. Tillman and Grand
Trustees Lizzie Douglass and ttuby Matter.
On Wednesday. July 8, Alta l'arlor will give an
entertainment and calico ball. Arrangements are
beine made for a very enjoyable evening.
M'.ss Rosa Day. delega.e from t;o den State Par
' lor. returned iroin Napa on the 14lli inst.
The following named past presidents of Golden
state l'arlor were among the visitors to the Graud
Parlor while it was in session : Misses L. Meyer, J.
Meyer, I* Uhliit. F. yon staden and M DucKer.
On the. 13th of the month the Misses Day yon
Steden and Ducker, accompanied by Grand Pr-si
j dent Mrs. Mary K. Tillmau drove in a slx-hor«e
coach fiom Napa to Sonoma to witness the cele
j bration of the fiftieth anniversary of the raising
: of the bear fla^'.
; GoUlen Gate Parlor will in the near future hold a
; bazar in Native Sons' Hall in aiil of the flaa fund.
The following-named have been appointed:
I'istrict deputy grand presidents: No. 1, Del
I Norte County; Crescent Parlor No. 76— Miss Irene
SCuslck, Crescent Parlor No. 76, Crescent City.
! No. 2 A, Oneonta I'ar or No. 71, Fernd.iie; Occl
-1 dent Parior No. 28, Kureka— Mrs. Minnie K. H 11,
; Union Parlor No. 49, Arcata. No. 2 15, Union i'ar-
I lor No. 49, Arcata— Mrs. Josephine Devov, Occi-
I flent Parlor No. "-8. Eureka. No. 3, Mendoino
1 and Lake counties— District deputy at large. No.
! 4, sonoma and Marin counties— Mis* Rosa Day,
i Golden State P»rlor No. 50, san Francisco. No. 5,
Trinity County— Miss Nelle Condon, Kltapome
Parlor No. 55, YVeavervilie. No. 6, Siskiyou.
Shas a and Tehama counties— Mrs. Maud Ander
son, camellia Panor No. 41, Anderson. No. 7,
it lean and Coi sa counties— District deputy at
large. No. 8, Napa County — Miss Mary
Richter, Alia Parlor No. 3. San Francisco.
No. 9, Yolo and Solano counties— Miss Maggie
Apperson, Parri Parlor No. 38, Dixon. No. 10,
Western Yuba suiter and Butte counties— il rs.
! Ella Floyd. Laurel Parlor No. 6. Nevada City.
No. 11, Modoc and Lassen counties— District
deputy at large. No. 12, A. (iolden Bar Panor No.
j 30, sierra City, Naomi Panor No. 3d, Downie
ville—Mrs. Ida Altken, Naomi Paror No. 36,
i Downleville. No. 12, B, Vesta Parlor No. 78,
Si>rra Valley-Mrs. Mary Miller. Vesta Parlor No.
j 78, Sierra Valley No. 13, Kast Yubaan! Nevada
' con ti-s— Mrs. Harriette Kames, La Uoruna Phr:or
No. S3, Chico. No. 14, Placer County— Mrs. Mary
McCorm ek, s:«rra Parlor No. 41.'.4 I .'. Dutch Hat.
! No. 15, El i>oradoHiid Sacramento counties— Mrs.
1 Abdle E'tel Jacox, Caiiiia Parlor No. 22, Sarra
i memo. No. 16. A. Juanita Parlor No. 77, Amador,
Amapola l'arlor No. 80, Sutu-r Creek,
1' rr.st Parlor No. 86, Plymouth— Mrs. Kate
Delahide, Ursula 1 arlor No. 1, Jackson.
I No. 16, B, Ursula Parlor No. 1, Jackson; Chispa
. Parlor No. 40. lon"— Miss Laura J. Frakes, Ania
:. po a Parlor No. 80, Slitter Creek. No. 17, UftlSr
'■ vents and Tuolumne counties— Miss Annie Sny
der. Ruby Parlor No. 4b. Murphys. No. 18, a,
Ramona Parlor No. 21. Martinez: El Pescador
Parlor No. 82, Tracy; Ivy i'arior No. !-8, l^)di —
I Mrs. f:race Wi ly, .louqulu I'arlor No. 5, S.ockton.
I No. 18, B, Joaqiiiu Parior No. 5, Stockton; Con
coniia Parlor No. 85, Concord— Mrs. Mary I'ill
patrick. Ram>ua Parlor iSa 21, Martinez. No.
19. A, Angelita Parlor No. 32. Livermore; Oli
vina Parlor No. 61. Alvarado— Mrs. Lena B.
I Orinda Parior No. 56, -an Francisco. No. 19, B,
! Alameda Parlor No. 18, Alnmeda; Piedmont Par
lor No. 87, Oakland— Miss Annie Donaldson,
Mlnvera Parlor No. 2. San Francisco. No. I'O,
Mono, Inyo and Alpine counties— District deputy
at large. No. 21, Mariposa. Miss May Cor
coran, Marlposa Parlor No. 63, Maripo.sa,
No. 22, A, Veriias Parlor No. 75, Merced— Miss
Mamie Mac, Laurestinus Parlor No. 79. Madera.
No. SRt, B, Kaurestinus Parlor No. 79, Madera—
Miss Mamie A. Kyne, Ventas Parlor .no. 75, Mer
ced. No. 23. Fresno, Kings and Tulare Counties —
! District deputy at iarze. .No. 24, A, Oro Fino Par
lor No. 9, San Francisco; Bonita Parlor No. 10,
R-dwoodCity: Buena Vista Parlor No. 68, san
Francisco— Mrs. J. A. Steinbach, Alio Parlor No.
8, san Francisca No. 24, B, Alt* Panor No. 3 8 n
i Francisco; La Kstrella Parlor No. 89, san Fran
' ci-co— Mrs. Tillie Bader Frick, Pieumont Parlor
! No. 87, Oakland. No 24, C. Yosemite i'arlor No.
i 83. San Francisco; Golden State Parlor No. 50 San
; Francisco: Orinda Parlor No. 56. San Francisco —
Mrs. Sophie -chroder, Alameda Paror No. Is -an
Francisco. No. 24. D, Mi .erva I arlor No. 2, Nan
Francisco; Fremo it Parlor No. 59. ran Francisco:
Las Lomas Purlor Na 72, San Francisco— Miss
Jennie Kelly, Bonita Par or No. 10, Redwood City.
No. 25, A, Santa Cruz Parlor. No. 26, Santa Cruz,
San Jo<e Parlor No. 81, San Jose — Miss Clara.
i Cassady, El Pajaro Parlor No. 35, Waisonvllle.
\ No. 25." B. El Pajaro Parlor No. *15, Watsonville—
j Miss Louise Carlo, Snn Jose l'arlor No. Bi. .-an
■ Jose. No. 26, .-anta Barbara ;u,d V ntura 1 ouu
| lies— Miss Zoila Sniyihe. Felicidnd Parlor No. 52,
1 Anah'im. No. 2, Kern and San Bf-rnardino Coun
■ tie*— Mrs. Krnrua Atcnison, Rio Br ivo Par:' r No.
! 65, Bakersfleld. No. 28, LOl Angeles, Kiverslde,
I Orange and San liiego— Mrs. Franc McCr cry
■ Simpson. La Esperanza Parlor No. 24, Los An
■ geles.
District deputies at large: Northern counties
— Mrs. Carrie Roescn Durham. Joaquin Parlor No
! 5. siockton— Mrs- Mary isreckenfeld. Calltia I'ar
lor No. 28, sacramfiuo. Central counties— Mrs.
: Lena Hilke .Mills, Joaquin Parlor No. 5, Stockton;
Miss C K. Wittemytr, Kamoi.a Parlor No. 21,
, Martinez, southern counties — Miss Mariana
I Bertola, Ramona Parlor No. 21, Martimz.
Foresters of America.
\ C. H. Bremer, grand secretary, and J. Samuels,
i grand senior woodward, visit led Court Sausalito
, on las: Tuesday evening and assls ed in the initia-
I tion of three new members. This court has been
recently organized and the good v. ork already
'■ accomplished proves that the members are ener
i getic workers. Under cooi and welfare some
I jood sUKeeslions were offere-i by the olliciuls, also
! by Joseph Farell, P. C. X., of Court Justice.
I li.- pi uic receutly srivpn by 'our anbnrn No.
; 116 proved a grand so ial and financial success.
! court Sequoia of Angels Camp is mak:nga live
; preparations for a grand entertainment in the
i near future, the principal feature in which will bo
i be the "Brownies." under the direction of Professor
I McCuin.
(our San Leandro will entertain its friends on
: July 27, thesaid date being the fourth anniversary
: cf its institution.
I lie chief ranger has granted a dispensation per
mitting Court -anta Barbara No. 147 to change is
name to tliat of Court serra No 147.
; Court smro Heights No. 1.-v6 was strictly in it
I on last Thursday evening. Five candidates were j
! initiated, and ihe manner in which the work was ]
; done redounds to the credit of Chief Ranger j
; sttuncand his staff of officers. Under the good
I and wi-liaro those present were favored to a trio
! by the Boukofsuy Brothers and b. Yale, sons? by
j snia!l. by Mr. Kerthel, a drill by Brotli-
I ers Kisen. Quinn, Frederick and Waller. Among 1
] the visitors prese-nt were: C. 11. Bremer, grand |
secretary; J. Samuels, arand senior woodward; j
S. L. Waller, grand trust'-e: Sol Peiser, grand audi
(or; S. shaben of Court Washineton, Thomas '
I Sewell of Court Justice, D. D. Brown and M. De- j
i paneher of Court StocK'on, J. Scanlan of Court
; EurekA, M. Kutin of Court Cosmopolitan, and
1 others.
j Cirand Chief Hunger Vellage has appoint<*d the
I following additional deputy grand chief run
j gers: A. A. Bailey of No. 9.i for Court Aibarnbra
No. 93 of Martinez: E. O. Dryer of No. 69 for
I Court Rio Bravo No. 69 of Kern City W. Murott*
1 o> No. 139 ior Court Dante AUeirhie;i No. 139 of
■ LO3 Angeles; Charles H. McNeil of No. 73 for
Court Sausalito No. 150 of Sausalito: John Davles
of No 116 for Court Auburn No. 116 of Auburn:
; H. D. <»wen of No. 101 for Court Elk (irove No.
! 101 of Klk (irove; James Oakes of No. 83 for
Court Colma No. 83 of Colma; Lee McKinstry of
No. 88 for Court Vacaville No. 88 of Vavaville:
beth Gassaway of No. 121 for Court Gem of Yuba
No. 121 of smartsvllle.
Companions of the Forest.
Grand Chief Companion' Mrs. -M. A. Duke has
Appointed the following as the committees for the
ensuing year: Credentials— Miss D. Schwartz of
Oakland No. 3, Mrs. K. Herring of Olympus No. 42.
Mrs. R. Kalck of Stockton No. 130; press—Her
man Kobn of Golden West No. 43, Mrs. Lena
Grosiean of 3an Pedro No. 261. Miss K. Jiurley of
Pride of the Forest No. 1204: acts and decisions-
Mrs. H. HoppocK of Yosemite No. 214, George F.
Mendierof San Jose No. -10, Mrs. N. White of
Los Angeles No. 161 auditing— Mrs. E. A. Carah.
P. G. C. C, Sain L. Waller of Golden Era No. 103,
Thomas Sewell, P. G. C. C. finance and mileage-
Mrs. K. Burden of Sonora No. 269, Mrs. M. McCoy
of 'i üba No. 101. Mrs A. Pnillps . of Plumas No.
265; dlstrtbutloii— Mrs. K. Jolley of ranee Blos
som No. H66, Mrs. i.Roive of Liberty No. 10.',
oils* J. Pena of Golden Hate No. 23; .honored
dead— Mrs K. L. Wen. of PiesidloNo.: 26s Mrs.
K. U'Cullaghati of ban Francisco -\o '-67, Miss M
Donahue of VI. I.mr Belle .No. 254; laws -I. \V.
Cobarn of Bonita No. 104, Miss K. Roberts of Free
dom No. 108. Miss U. V. Marshall of Pajato Valley
lioie No. 207; state of the order— Mrs.- A."~B. 'An
drews, P. G. O. C, Miss Marian Mentel of Hamlet
So. Si. Mrs. L. Over of -.Lorelpy No.' £6: arbitra
tion—J. Caiman!). P. G. C. C, Miss M. JBurKhuim
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
of Bay City No. 11, Mrs. c. Miller of Robin Hood
.No. 6S, Mrs. L. Baston of Mizpah No. 100, Mrs. M.
C'onnell of Inter Nos <\o. 316, M. K. Lewis of
United States of Air.erica No. 260, Mrs. A. Ras
mussm of Twilight No. 7i>: special committee of
eight to act in conjunc;iori with the Executive
Council on matiers presented at the executive
session— s. L. Waller of Golden Kra No. 108, Her
man Kohn of Golden U'est No. 43, C. H. Bremer.
P. S. C. C, I. W. Coburn of Bonita No. 104,
Thomas F. Blake of Inter Nos No. 215, Mrs. K.
Bolian of Acme No. 2'Jl, Mrs. H* Worms of Bay
City .Xo. 11, Mrs. L. Holland oj Live Oak No. 29.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
During the past week High Chief Ranger Dr.
Case, High Court Treasurer George W. Lunt, High
Court Senior Warden P. J. Cole and the high court
junior beadle visited courts Robin H< od. Liberty,
Justice and lltrcu.es.
A week aco liift Friday Court Star of the West
was visited by the Executive Council.
The Executive Council will pay a visit to Court
Hartford at Vallrj>.
High Chief Banger Case will visit Court Magno
lia on the Bth of July.
Many are anxious to hear how the baby city
court, "Lincoln," will carry on Its smoker on
Thursday next.
Dr. J. F. Eckhardt, chief ranger of Honolulu
Court, has returned to this city from a four weeks'
visit in the East, and will leave for the Islands by
the Australia.
Independent Order of Foresters.
The High Court of California will meet In San
Jose on the 12th of next October. At its meeting,
held on Thursday night, Court Diana elected its
delegates to the grand body. This court has
j chosen a druggist, who will, on the order of the
I court physician, furnish medicine to members of
; the court and to their families.
Upon the occasion of the celebration of the
twenty-s cond anniversary of the founding of tiie
order the members of Court Diana attended
service in Methodist Episcopal Church, on -Mis
sion street, and listened to au interesting address
by Rev. Dr. Dille.
The report of the supreme Court shows that on
the Ist of last May the membership in good
s. finding was 92,6(10. and the amount In the re
serve funl was $1,700,000. The death claims
paid In April amounted, in the aggregate, to
$ri'2.()oo; disability certificates. fsl)oi>: sick and
funeral benefits, $I' 2, 'JOO. The incrense in mem
bership during April was 2210: in 1 aliforu.a it
«asl43. Forty-two courts were institutel dur
ing May.
California and North DaUoa ran a close race for
members. California, with 143 members during
the month. Is ahead of the other jurisdiction by
1 member only.
lli^h chief " rangers declare ihat California is
doing its share 10 reach the 100,000 limit, which
it is expected to touch by the Ist of July.
Knight* of Pythias.
{ An individual who sometimes assumes the
i name of J. H. Willson and at other times that of
; J. 11. Darst has been victimizing members of the
1 order, aud the grand keeper of records and seals
has sent out letters of warning.
A new lodge Is being organized at Lemoore, Tu
lare county.
Grand Chancellor McGlashan will, during the
! week, make visits as loiiows: Monday, \Villow
j Lodae at stickton; Tut s tay , Westslue Lodge at
; Tracy: Wedi.esday, Placerville Lodge at Placer
vlile, and Thursday, Folsom Lodge at Foisoui.
j From Marc 1 31 to Hay "0 the endowment
rank mv beneficiary cimms amoun;ing to
$97,000.
Knights of Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald returned from the in
terior during the week, having visited the lodges
in san Jose, Watsonville. Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek, Salinas and Hollister.
On Friday, in company with Grand Guide
Thomas Learned, he paid a visit to Santa Rosa.
The L-raud dictator reports a remarkable degree
of Interest in the lodsei in all the places he has
visited of late.
A delegation from Far West Lodge visited For
tuna Lodge last Thursd ly night ai>d witnessed the
initiation of two candidates and the exemplifi
cation of the degree woric.
Kuights and JLadies of Honor.
Secretary A. Atkins of Pacific Lodge has filled
the requirements necessary to entitle him to one
of the diamond badges offered b/ the supreme pro
tector. Pacific Lodge will also be the winner of
one "f the Supreme Lodge cash prizes.
Alimeda County lodges are doing well. Berke'ey
Lodge, a. its last meeting, initiated two candidates
and several applications were received. Oakland
Lodge received three applications during the
month of June.
During the month of July installations will be
tne rule in the order.
Miss K. T. Parker, past grand protector, in a let
ter from Sonora says: "I think that Star Lodge is
holding its own. We initiated four candidates last
May, one during June and will Initiate one during
the rirst meeting in July. \\ c expect a visit froni
Grand Vice-Protector Be! c W. Conrad in July."
Semi-annual report blanks Lave been mailed to
all subordinate lodgis, and they must be filled out
before the 3 1st of july.
On the Ist of last May the membership of the or
der was 83,206: on the Ist of lUy, 1878. the mem
bership was but 192v>.
Knightft of tin- Golden Eagle.
The members of California Castle are making
preparations for the boom meeting to be held on
the evening of next Wednesday, the Ist of July.
Officers will be installed ami the third degree will
be conferred on two candidates. During the even-
Ing addresses will be delivered by W. F. Norcross,
P. G. C. : Thomas A. McGowan, G. C, and J. \V.
se, ly, P. C. The meeting will be held In Colma
Hall, Native Sons' building.
Goiden Gate 1 astle will give an entertainment in
the Alcazar building this evening.
California circle No. 1 has elected H. Bush Jr.,
N. C. ; John P. sjocren, V. C, and W. (). Macdou
gall, master ot records.
KnightH of the Maccabees.
The supreme I ent has arranged to have the de
gree team of Tent 2, In Los Angeles, visit s«n
-f ranciseo during the early part of Aumst for the
purpose of holding a school of instiuction for the
beneiit of the tents in that City and vicinity.
Last Friday night Mod in Tent met in Franklin
Hal. and received a visit from State Deputy S. W.
Hall, who offered some valuable suggestions.
Officers were elected for the ensuing terra and the
ni^ht of the meeting changed from Friday to
Thursday.
San Francisco Tent elected its officers last Fri
day evening.
Young Men'i* Institute.
The Rev. Father W. D. McKinnon of Rio Vista
will lecture in the Potnro Opera-house on the
evening of -he 3d of July for the benefit of St.
Theresa Hall Association.
'ihe per capita lax 1, amounting to 80 cents, lias
been levied, is now due and will be delinquent
within sixty da> s.
The reports ot the subordinate councils for the
current quarter will close on the 30th Inst. and
all reports must be in the bands of the errand sec
retary within sixty days, if not a fine of $10 will
be imposed on each delinquent council.
The following councils have made returns of
officers elected for the ensuing term : San Jose
Council— W. E. Lannizan. president; \V. J. Power,
recording secretary; J. Waudra, corresponding
secretary, %nd H. McCabe, financial secretary.
Mission Council— J. P.Henry. I.; Henry Ku^el
ber«, R. S. (re-elected) J. K. Rich r is, c. R. ; F.
A. Kessler, F. S. l,eo Council of Port Costa- A.
A her, P.; J. R. Cox, R. s. (re-elected); Michael
Lyons, C. s., and M. Horgan, F. S. Sant:t I:oaa
Council— John Brophy, P.: W. Plover, R. S. ; J. \.
Duean. C. S. (re-elected); M. Cummlne, F. s. (re
elected.
Order B'ne B'rith.
Last Thursday Adler Lodge No. 1, Youth Auxil
iary, met at B. B. Hall, and among the guests
were a number of the grand officers and a delega
tion Irom Montefiire Lodge of the Auxiliary of
Oakland. There was an initiation by the 3-oung
men, the work being rendered in a manner so per
fect and dramatic that it won the openly expressed
commendation of the L-rand officers.
The Grand Lodite officers will in ike visits as fol
lows: To-. light they wilt go to Unity Lodge and
to-morrow night they will visit Modin Lodge, un
the Bth of July they will ray a visit \6- Ophir
Lodge, the mother lodge of the order on this coast.
A number ot applications have been made to
the graud secretary by fnuerual men outride of
the order for copies of the report recemly pre
senteit by the endowment committee.
The Jewish Times and ObHerver. published In
this City, thus expresses itself on the report of the
endowment committee: The memhers of the en
dowment committee, of the B. B. Granu 1 odge
have finished their labors and have submitted a
report to the general committee of the district
Grand Lodge district No. 4. Afier a careful per
usal of the same we advance the opinion I hut some
of the features are so outrageously obnox;ous that
they will be overwhelmingly defeated In the
session to be held at Stockton next January.
Jr. Order United American Mechanic*.
The entertainment given by James A. Garfield
Council last Monday was a most successful one, all
present enjoy in • ihe music, speeches and smoke.
Henry Clay Council of the Junior Order and
Oakland Council, Daughters of Liberty, will give a
Joint social and entertainment on the 8h of July.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Last Thursday night the initiatory team in
itia:ed a number of candidates in the hall of
Evaus Council.
Last Monday Gt and Councilor Boehm visited
Concord Council, on Wednesday he visi ed
1 !:u'iiix Council and on Thursday he was with
Fairtnount Council.
t ast Wednesday Grand l.ecorder VVallls visUed
SHCrameiito Cou-icll No. 96, and assis.ed in the
installation of the officers.
1 he di-ttrict deputies held a meeting at the Alca
zar building last Wednesday and received Instruc
tions in the WK of installing officers.
Grand Councilor Buelun started on the southern
visitation tour yesterday. To-morrow he will be
at Pasadeno, Wednesday he will be at Anaheim,
Thursday and Friday he will be in Los Ang-les.
on Saturday he will be in san Diego, on the 7th of
July he will be in Han Bernardino and on the Bth
he will be in San Pedro. i>e will return to this
City on the 10th of July.
Evans Council has elected its officers for the en
suing term: Mrs. J. Sweeny was elected coun
cilor, Mrs. C. H. Sain secretary, and Walter N.
Brunt, treasurer, was re-elected for the ninth
term. Mr. Brunt is a very popular member, effi
cient aud attentive, and when the members of his
council get him in a position of honor they wil
not let him retire from it.
On the 17th of July the grand officers will pay a
visit to Mann Council.
George F. Mack, secretary of lone Council, has a
happy way of sending out invitations to <»ntertain
m'-nts. The following is his latest: 'Friendß A. B.
McDonald and wife cordially invite lone Council
to their home, and :hoy bope"to meet as many as
can possibly attend. Let us all maUe *pecln! ;ir
r.mjrements fora «oc!iil evening. The programme
is an uuple feast— apple pie. npr» c tarts, appie but
ter, apple cider, apples* and other things not
apple that will light the apple of tUe eye and tickle
Adam's apple. "
Royal Arcan im.
The entertainment given by Argonaut Council
last Mouday, Arcanum day, as announced in the
local columns of The Call, was a great success,
and much credit is due to the committee of ar
raiigements for the very enjoyable entertainment
, provided.
At the annual session of the Supreme Council
recently held in Savanaa, Ga.. the following grand
olHccrs were elected: Supreme regent, John E.
Pound of LiOckDort, N.Y.; supreme vice-regent,
Edson M. Schryver of Baltimore, Mu.; supreme
orator, Palmer H. Charlock of Klizabeth, N. J.;
past supreme regent .Chill W. Hazzard of Monon
gahela. Pa.; supreme secretary, W. O. Robson of
Boston, Mass,; supreme treasurer, E. A. Skinner
of Weatrleld, N. V. : supreme auditor. A. T.
Turner Jr. of Boston, Mass.; supreme chaplain,
Heury Goodwin, Crawford House, Boston, Mass. ;
bupreme guide, J. A. Carter of Geneva, Ohio; su
preme warden, Thomas a. Parish of Grand Haven,
Mich.: supreme sentry, Carl Moiler of St. Ixmis,
Mo.; supreme trustees— Jam-s W. Fernald of Chi
cago, in.; JumesM. Pace of Covinßton, Ga.; J. M.
McKinstry, 619 Society for Savings building,
Cleveland, Ohio. There was a great deal « work
accomplished during the session.
The following yearly salaries were fixed for the
supreme ofliiers. Kexent, $4500; secretary,
$6000; treasurer, 84000: auditor, $lii 00: medical
i'xaminer-ln-chie*, $4000; legal adviser and ex
aminer of claims, $4000.
No change was made in thp ritual. The use of
substitutes for portions of duty IX was con. intied
as Leretoloro under dispensation of the supreme
regent. A dispensation once issued ior tlis pur
pose remains in force until canceled by the su
preme recent. He. fatter the pledge to corner the
dt'L'rce from memory is to be au official aci of the
council and not merely a pledge ofo f the individual
officers thereof, ami tliV failure of t;>p officers in
the future to commit their parts shall render the
permission of the supreme recent inoperative.
The supreme reuent and a committee on supplies
were authorized to prepare mid publish, in time
for circulation at the next annual session, a book
containing a history of the Royal Arcanum. A
special committee consisting of the supreme regent
and four members is to be appointed to prepare
and carry out a programme for thf observance by
the Supreme Council In some public manner dur
insr the next session of the Supreme Council and
for a proper celebration of the twentieth anniver
sary of the order.
une thousand dollars was appropriated for the
relief of councils in the payment of dues and as
sessments of sick members. The conditions upon
which the relief can be obtained are: Annual dues
shall have been not less than f 5 for one year or
Upward ; payments of the assessments for one year
or upward as provided in section 377; the council
must he unable to continue such payments with
out danger to Its existence. If the relief of the
council Is approved by the supreme restent, It shall
be reimbursed from the general fund of the Su
preme Council, until it shall appear to the supreme
rearm that such council has become able to make
such payments. The appropriation of $1000 is
made for one year, and no rights are vested by op
era.ion of the resolution, and tba same Is subject
to repeal at any time.
Assessment No. 229 has been levied, delinquent
July 31.
National L'nion.
Los Angeles Council has had quite a boom re
cently in the line of securing members. At a re
cent meeting ten candidates were admitted.
The Supreme Senate will convene at Niagara
Falls on the 21st of July.
San Francisco Council will hold an Important
meetinr in the A ca/.a: bnilfiing next Wednesday
nuh:. Delegates trom all the City councils will be
present.
Deputy Wells, who has gone to Sacramento In
the interest of Sacramento i ouncil. reports a num
ber of new candidates for the council.
At its next, meeting < alifornla council will in
itiate a number of candidates.
Grand Army of the Bepublio.
The annual encampment of the Southern Cali
fornia Encampment Association, as already an
nounced in this department, will be held in Ven
tura, commencing on Wednesday next and con
tinuing for ten days. Thf camp will be ou the
plaza.
An entertainment, embracing a literary and
mnslOal programme and a «lance, will be given b
the uienibers of Oeosse H. Thonms Post to-morrow
night iv Ri-d Men's Ball on Post street.
I adies of 1 li» <>ran<l Army.
This evening Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the
G raid Arm.- of the Republic, will celebrate the
tenth anniversary of its organization by an enter
tainment iv Ne'.lvp Sons' Hall, on which occasion
some one will be the recipient of a handsome
American Hag. This circle lias decided 10 take
p rt in the Fourth of July parade and will send a
float representing the work the circle does for the
old sol tiers.
Next Friday the ladies of the R-llef Corps will
exemplify the ritualistic work before the inspect
ors tor f-outliern California. This will beat Ven
tura, where lie members of the ."southern En
campment Association will be In camp after
the Ist- - -.- -■-: ' ■ .:
Order of IVmlu.
Hondo Council No. 45 was organized at Hondo,
Tex., on the 26th of the current month.
Kurt-lea Council was organized at Dillon, Mont,,
on the 20th.
On the 26th of the current month the number of
applications for membership since the first of the
month was sixty-eight..
Sons of Benjamin.
•Last Monday Pacific and California lodges of the
order !-ons of Benjamin met in the Alcazar build
ing and listened to the report of t heir delcgues to
the United States Grand' Lodge Convention, held
in Boston recently.. 1 he-,- reported that Louis
Kraute, ex-president of Pacific Lodge, had been
recommended for the cilice of ilt-piit/ grand mis
ter tor the Pacific Const. Hiiriir.' th • evening the
meeting, which- was largely attended, ivn ad
dressed by Edward 1. Wo fe, a member of Califor
nia Lodge ami grand president of District <-r«U'l
Lot* No. 4, I. O. B. H. At the close of the met
lug all present wer; invited to the banquet-room,
where a spread awaited them. ,
The Order of tlio World.
It was not the Order of the World that nu<t some
trouble some time since, but an organization
known as the [Jolted World and In no way con
nected with the Orier of the World. Tins last
named organization was established In Wheeling.
Va., in ISSM. and at this time has 150 lodges with
n im-mbership of 15.000. There are several
lodg«t in tliis Uty and in Oakland, and a few
weeks since a lod^e ;o work in- the German lan
guage was Instituted in this City.
A Horse That Knows His Route.
There is a horse whose business is
to draw a collection wagon over
a postoffice route in the middle
of the city which knows the loca
tion of the letter-boxes as well as its driver,
the postman. There are a number ot'
these boxes near together on Broad street,
just helow Chestnut — too near together for
the postman to bother about driving from
one to the other. He is saved all
trouble of leading his horse, however, by
ti;e intelligence of that animal, which as
soon as the postman ali.:hts at the first
box, walks off to the second and patiently
waits there for his master.— Philadelphia
Record.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
rcjae. 1596
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United Statks Dkpaktmknt of Aoricul
tvrk, Wkathkrßitkkau, San Francisco, J une
28, 1596, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
lorecnst
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62, Red Bluff 86 >an Francisco 58,
Fresno 92, San Luis Obispo 70, Los Angeles 76,
San Diego 70, Ynma 108.
San Francisco data-Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 62, mean 66.
A moderate barometric depresilon extends from
Northern Idaho snn'hward into Arizona. The
I ressure Is dHcreasii,^- in Montana and mcr*>asiii:
sliulitly on the Urt^on roast. The temperature
c .ntinuea to f^ll ia (.'aliforiii«, but is rising in the
region to the east of the <. aseades H'.tl Herras.
Unusually ho. weather is reported tonight from
luhuera Wmhliwton and Oregon, the tempera
ture al Walla Wall.i beins{ 106 degrees.
Forecast mw!,- at .^6l Francisco for tlilrly-slx
hours ending midnight, Monday, June 29. 1896:
Northern California— Kair Monday; fresh west
erly winds, becoming northwesterly on the north
ern coast.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
erly wiuds.
rsevada— Fair: cooler in the northeast portion
Monday.
Utah-Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday; brisk
westerly winds.
\V. 11. Hammox, Forecast Official.
Kxpianatton.
Th* arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
M station indicate maximum tempera*ur» for th«
toys; those underneath It. if any, the amount oi
rainrall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths,
Curing the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
Ilßes, conm-et points of equal air pressure; \m>
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Ihe
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompunied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on tue Washington
coast. Whrß ihe pressure is high in tho interioi
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of then* conditions
Wil produce an opposite result
OCEAN STEAMERS.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
r. B. CO»«T A?fr> GK.ODKTIC StTRVICT TtDlf)
BTTI.I.JCTIN Fl'BLIflUIl) BY OFFICIAL V
AHTHOKITV OK THK SOPItRIXTHNDEST. )
Monday, June 29.
Sunrises 4.49: Moon rises 10.25pm
Bun sets 7. 37 1 Moon sets
June — 1890.
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morninc tides are given in the left hand
column, aud the successive tides of the day in the
on! it of occurrence as to time. The second time
column Rives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third !i<le, and the last or right
hand cokin-.n stives the last tide of the day, except
when there are buc three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, excpi when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh:, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by rhe charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. June 28.
Stmr Noyo. Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg:
pass and mdse, to J *> Kimlmll. •
Stmr Gipsy, LelanM. 20 hours from Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins & Co-
Stmr State of California, Ackley. 4Cy 2 hours fm
Portland, via Astoria 3by 2 hours; pass and mdse,
to Mootlall, Perkins <C Co. , .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 60 hours from San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A
Co. '■-■:■ ■ -,y.± ..,-,-
Stmr Geo-Loomls, Briagett, 32 hours from Ven
tura: 6350 bbls oil, to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Sirur Weeott, , Whitney, 25W> hours from Eel
River: pass and mdse, to Unas. Sanders A Co.
situr I'olnt Arena. Johnson, 14 hours from
Men loci no and war ports; pass and mdse, to Men
docln> Lumber Co.
Haw baric Andrew Welch, 23 days from Hono
lulu; pass :ind sugar, to Welch «ft Co. •. . •■'-.:-.
Bark Carondelet, Stetson, SO days from Newcas
tle, NSW. 1936 tons coal, to J J Moore A Co..
Bchr Nettie Low, Low, B hours from Point
Rfyes; 40 bxs butter, to J H .Vewbauer .S Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega;
'JO bxs butter, to Ross& Hewlett. : =;■:■>.'; '■:•:
Miilo-l.
Sunday, June 28.
Stmr Eureka. Jepson. San Pedro.
Stmr Excelsior, Biggins, Eureka.
Stmr Umatilla. Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send. " • ■
Stmr Albion, Lunaqulst. .
simr Alcatraz. Waivig. Yaquina Bay.
Schr Occidental. Brandt, Eureka. .
Schr Melancthon, Hatch, Grays Harbor.
s.-hr Alice I ooke. Penhallow, St Michaels.
Schr Lillebonne, Hansen. ■ . v. ■'.
SchrCouflanza, Weber. . ; , '
i Teiejjriinliic. .
POINT LOBOS. June 28-10 p. M.— Weather
cloudy, wind N \V; velocity. 20 miles.
Domestic l'ort«. ',
ASTORlA— Arrived June -*.. 28 — Stmr Alice
Bianchard. hence June 21. via Kureka, etc.
Sailed -stmr. Arcata, for San Francisco. •
- ilEOONbO— Arrived June 28— scar Mabel Gray, j
from Eureka. : , - : .-
>alle.l June 27— 'tmr Newsboy.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed June 2*i — Nor !
stmr Peter Jebseu. for .sanaimo.
GRIiENWOOD— Ar.-iv- I Ju.ie 28— Stmr Alca
zar. Tom Port Los Angeles. ",■'■ '•■-. ' •' .
MKNDOCINO— SHiIea June 28— Stmr Point Are- !
na, lor Shu Francisco.'" '■• ■"'■. ;
ALBIoN-Snlled June 28-Stmr Scotia.
BO WENS LANDlNG— Arrived Julie 28-Schr i
Monterey, from Ventura. l
USAL— Arrived June 28— Stmr Protection, hnce i
June 27. ■ .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 28— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka. .
Sailed— B£tn Uncle John. '
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 28— Sohr
American Girl, hence June 7; schr Salvator, from [
Tacoma.
Sailed June 28-SsUr John F Miller, for Sau
Francisco.
Movement* of ' Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 28 -Stmr
Rhynland, from Liverpool, via Queenstown.
- NEW YORK— Arrived June Stmr La Bour
go-^ne, from ■ Havre: s stmr , Horrento, .; from Ham
burg; stmr City of Rome, irom Glasgow.
: -. HA VRE— Arrived out June I:B— Stmr La Gas
yUEENSTOWN-Saiied June 28— Stmr Etru
ria, for New York. : ... .. . -L. . ; . .
LIZARD— June 29— Stmr Halle, from |
i Bremen for New York stmr Soulhwark. ■ from '
Annv for New York. *'■?; ■", i ■'■'■'-
I ■ DOVER— Pus ed Jane i. -8- Stmr Saale.'.'from:
Bremen for Ntw York. . t
Importation*. 1
SAN DIEGO— "er Santa' Rosa —273 pkgs md>«e. !
3 bis cluestock, 6 bdl^i slats, 11 bbls tallow, 1 sli !
beeswax, IV6 bdls hides. 44 pcs . : curbing, '24 cs
honey, 16 bxs limes, 5 sks walnuts, 2 cs ale and
porter, 1 keg 41, 3 bbls olives, 101 A bxs lemons, 95
bxs oranges, 3 pugs tobacco, 6 bis tamarinds. Si j
Imii— muni mniMiHi i Hi iii iVi'hb w i im l iwiiii*iif i rirMih'iifi'ft'>iim— liwMMUMi—lll
bdls dried fish. 5 bxs books. 16 kegs horseshoes. 1
cs cheese. 1 roll matting, 85 pkgs Junk.
Santa Barbara— ss pkgs mdsi-. 15 cs olive oil, 5
ens tea, 12 bbls mm water, 356 bxs lemons. 17 bxs
paint, -J9 bxs orange-. t> sks tails, 1 sic pineapples.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angles— sl bdls pelts,
33 cs hats, 1 cs cicareltes, 47 plcgs mdse. 24 drums
cheese. 2 bis burlaps, 128 sks dry fruit, 8 i>k!;s
lumber.
Port Los Angeles— 6s bxs lemons. 2 pkgs mds?.
Radondo— 7 pktrs mds<\ 31 bdls wall paper, 118 1
bxs oranges, J5 bxs lemons, 3cs shoes. 567 rail*. -
cs tobacco, 1164 angle bars. 11 sks nuts and boits.
Santa Maria— 6o7 sks beans. 172 sks barley.
Los Angeles via Redondo— 4 pks;s mdse, 25 cs
D S boxes. 2 cs 15 bbls hams, 5 cs 43 tcs 10 hf-hbls
lerd, 40 cr hats. 5 psgs P boxes, 6 c< canned mii .
3«> cs toilet cream. US oxs flan, 2 coops chickens, X
dressed calves. 1 pkg fruit. 5 co cheese. 1 bdl sacks,
5 bdls hides. 40 cs eggs, 1 keg 66 bxs butter, 2 bxs
groceries.
FOIST BRAGG— Per Noyo— s bxs seed. 1 pkg
cigars. 48 carsprlnps, 10 pkgs mdse, 262.626 it
lumber.
•-ANTACRCZ-Per Gipsy— 3 bxs butter, 1200
bbls lime.
Moss Landing— l bx butter.
Salinas — 1 cs dry goods.
Watsonville-24 ketrs nails, 1 Dkg hardware.
Pigeon Point-25 twin drums 10 drums 18 bxs
cheese, 1 bx butter.
Amesport-163 sks beans, 10 sks green peas, 8
firkins 8 bxs butter.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per state of
California-] 818 sits wheat. 667 bl» 2676 qr-sks
1875 uf sks Ib 9; gunnies 262 * sks flour, 49 bis 15
sks wool, 435 sks oats, 338 sks middlings, 1 ODD
sks rice. i3O gtcs puiatoes, 150 cs salniun. 1463
bdls sl:ooks. 10l!9 pkgs paper, 391 bdls bides and
pelts, 100 sks oysters. 9236 ft lumber, 6 plcgsex
press.
PuRT KEN YON, ETC— Per Weeott— 22 kegs
20 hf-kess 328 bxs butter, 122 sks oats. 3 cans
ta'low. s bills hides, Ibx tobacco, 1 cs dry goods.
Ics boots and shoes. 1 cs mdse, 2 pkus mdse, 32
dressed calves, 81 hogs. 20 eds stavebolts.
Shelter i ove— l*4 sks wool, 1 sk furs.
MENDOCINO-Per Point Arena — I gasoline
launch, 3 pkgs abalones.
Little River— i plcg shoes, 1 pkg seeds.
Point Arena— 42 bxs butter, 1 cs eggs, 1 pkg
tobacco, 1 pkg whisky.
Consle-iBKi.
Per State of California— Allen A Lewis: Cromble
&Co: A Wilhelm <fe Son; Moore, Ferguson & Co;
F Hlllens Co; M Detels: Erlanger <fe Gallnger;
E R Stevens & Co; Otis. McAllister Co; Elmore,
Sanborn <& Co: Willamette Pulp & Paper Co: Mil
ler <fe Butler; Clatsop Mill Co; Bissinger <& Co; ■ J A
Lacy; M E A Wagner; Darbee & Immel; Parrott
<tCo; Wellman, Peck & Cc ; Crown Paper Co: S
Ko.shland <& Co; MBMoraghan; Wells, Fargo <fc
Per Noyo— Union Lumber Co; D M Hellman:
Car er Bros.
Per Gipsy— Herman Joost; Hawley Bros: Buffalo
Brewery: A W Fink * Co: L G Sresovich A Co: J
Basch: Tillmann <fe Bendel; Dairymen's Union: B
Franoli; Hiimer. Bredhoft <feSchulz: H Dutard: G
Mliler: Brigliam, Hoppe <fc Co ; HCowellACo;
Arctic Oil Works; Wheaton, Breon <fc Co: Califor
nia Fruit Co.
Per Santa Rosa— Amer Caro Acid <fc Gas Co: H
Clifton: Felling, Cressy A Co; H Kirchmann t t Co;
M T Freltas A Co: Kowalsky <fc Co: S Levy A Co;
Gets Bros A Co: Dairymen's Union: Union Ice Co;
Russ, Sanders <fc Co; Marshall, Teggart & Co; O j
Orena: Chicaeo Brewery : Hibernla Brewery; Wm
Cline A Co: Wltzel A Baker; Eveleth A Nash: J J
Duffy <fc Co: W B Stimner A Co: A Galll Fruit Co;
Brigham, Hoppe A Co; Campodonico <fe Malcolm ;
Chas Harley <fe Co ; Dodge, Sweeney <fe Co ; Bu ffalo
Brewery; Hiimer, Bredboff <fe Scluilz; Milwaukee
Brewery; Hoi brook, Merrill <fe Stetson: S Jacobs;
De Bernard! cfe Co; HlllsBros; G'Camillonl <fc Co;
San Francisco Brewery; San Francisco Fish Co;
P*c Ammonia & Chemical Works; Wolf A Son; G
WGiobs; L Scatena* Co; Cutting Packing Co; H
O Greenhood; Standard Oil Co ; W C Price A Co: G
R Starr <fc Co: North American Commercial Co: C
Jacob-ten <fe Co: Gray <fe Barblert; Slnsheimerßros;
H Dotard; American Union Fish Co; Pacific Coast
Fish Co: Sawyer Tanning Co; J Ivancovlch <fe Co;
American Tobacco Co: Kohler <fe Chase; Veronica
Mm Water Co: A Levy & Co; Levl Spleeel A Co;
I'hila lelphla Brewery : Bisslnger A Co; Lachman
<fc Jacobl: Cal Bottling Co: Tillmann .fe Bendel: M
T Herzog <S Co: F Toplitz <fc Co: D E Allison <b Co:
J Cain <fe Co; Wetmore Bros; Garcia A Maggini; F
Beli; WP Fuller* Co: Washburn &Moen Mnfg
Co; A W Clark: Haas, Baruch <fe Co: Chaix <fe Ber
nard: J Holden; Hugnson * Morton: Milan! A Co;
M Taylor: Columbus Buggy Co: S D Rosenbaum:
M P Kohlbers: W B Isaacs: R Strahr: F H Ames
<£ Co: Johnson-Locke Mer Co; C B C Cummings A
Co; A Kuerzel; MSSimas; Ttov Laundry Ma
chine Co; Faston * -chwartz; L Goodfrlend <fcCo;
Harney it Chute; L Dallman <fc Co.
I'er "Haw bark Andrew Welch— Welch* Co;
Williams. Dimond * Co.
Per Weeott— Russ, Sanders* Co: Wolf* Son;
Hiimer, Bredhoff & Schulz; Dodge. Sweeney * Co:
Wheaton, Breon ifc Co; Thos Dennigan Sons * Co;
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
C E Whitney & Co: Norton, Teller •& CA: shoobert.
Beale*Co: Hammond & ll ro 1 : Ross * Hewlett:
Baker* Hamilton: Cahn, Nickelgburg & Co; G M
KutE * Co: S H Frank 4 Co: Redlngton & Co; G
de Luca * Co; Wilson * Baecbtel; M Kalish * Co;
Trojan Shirt Co; Wltzel * Baker; Christy & Wise;
Esberg, Bachman & Co: Moore, Ferguson * Co;
Roth, Blum & Co ; OB Smith A Co.
Per Point Arena— Dairymen's Union; Chas Weir;
Ross* Hewlett; Standard Oil Co: Braunschweiger
& Co; Cahn, Nickelsburg* Co; Rohlfs & Gerdau;
Wilson & Baechtel; Martin, Feusier & Co; I Seller:
Union Lumber Co.
For Late Shipping Intelligence See Thirteenth Page,
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS. 1
ASTIM AlMMll
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH INCLUDED.'
Columbia sails Jnne27, July 7, 17 and 27
Biate of California sails. July 2, 12 and 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier ;;4) at 10 a. M.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Hupts.
F. F. CONCUR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
none COAST STEAMSHIP CO3IPASI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class. $0.00
Second. Class. .iSOO
.Meeds and berth Included.
Ticket Office— New Montgomery Street
. OOODALL, PERKINS** CO.,
, General Agents. -
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAJI
STEAMERS WILL i SAIL FROM JfgSk-
k> Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as JHJsK
follows-. ■ . ■
For Mary Island. Lorin* Wrangel. Jnneau. Kll-
Jlsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at V a. m., June 3,
13, ;8. «l .fuiv 8, 1-. l -. z#. -
. For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C>. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belliniruam Bat, Wash.). 9- a. M.
lam ■! ~- IS. its 88. •-'«. ana every flfta
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. it. iv,
it Seattle with G. N. Ry.. at Port Townsend wlttt
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 . p. m.. June 2, tt.lo.
14 I>< 'ii 2M 3" and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford - (San Luis Obispo), Gaviola, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East tia>'.i
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. June
4. 8. 12, 16. 'M, 'J4. 2S and, every tourtu day there
For San Dleeo. . stopping only at Port Harforl
{San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo»
Anirelea. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 1 11
ii..^in"' 2 rt IU.-14; **• *'•*' - 6t 30 and every
lonrt'b day thereafter.
For Knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazallaa, La
raz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. m., June 2, 27, ana 25tn of eacii month there-
H Ticket office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
* tree «OODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gea'l Agents.
■ 10 Markoi St. San Francidno.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, &ay HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fi by
AUSTRALIA. \#S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S.S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur- !
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Sneclai party rates.
S.?. MA If- 1 sails via HONOLULU' an!
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July 3.',
at 2 p. M ..-■••
* Line to COOLGARDIK, AnsU.and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. .
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Asrts.
114 Montgomery st
; . Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAOACRET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LKAV'K ASPINWALL >Wly
fortnightly for the West Indies and 'SSSSSS
Southampton, calling en route at Carbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. •
1 Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First clas3, $195; third
class, 897 50. ■ For further particulars apply to i
PARRQTT A CO., A Vnts,
■ 308 California st,
mam STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At »i P. Hi Daily; atter Ju.y l, t i >'. M.-
-' Ireight received upti»*.:H3 P. M' "" :
Sunday at 7 P. M..
t3T Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. ' '
S'JL'JUAAIISKt:
T. C. Walker, ,J. I). Peters.
Mary t»arratt. City of Stockton.
! jJVfcieijlimiw Main 80S. Cat, J\av'. uua impt. Ca
fALLEJi), ji.u., iiVih,,, ;; L ; io ," 4v ,
! STK. MONTIfiILLO
H».«.only. Su^y-«r.M.- ' - 30 '' M '
1 leading, UU.ioa 1, £>i w «.
OCZAIV STEAMSHIPS: _:_ '
COMPAGJIEGEJERAL TRAHSITUATIQDS
French Lin«» to Havr«(. '
COMPANY'S PIE R(NJSW).42 NORTH JZtn
Kiver, foot of Morton st. Travelers b7 fi ! iSß
Ibis line avoid both transit oy English railway a 71
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Kgypt, via Parl%
firsirciass $100: second-class, #116.
I A TOT'!! M NX. Capt. Santelll . .May 2& Ba. H,
LA NORMANDIB. May •-■3, 8 a. at.
LA GASCOGNffi... Ja c 20. 7a. is.
1A NOK 1 A.M>1r....._ July 4, « A. m.
La GAtCOGNE. July 26, 11 a, M.
LA NOTt <r A NTMK .'. ..Aii<rnstl,s a. M.
LA BOURfSOnVE. Capt. Lebieuf. .June 6,7 a.m.
J ■«- For further particalare apply to
*" ■-■-..: A. FO r, A ;ent,
Na 3 Bo v lag Green, New YorlC
J.F. FDOAZI CO, Agents. 6 Montgomery
■venue. San Francincc
RAH.ROAI> TBAVEi:
SOUTIIKKBf t*A«SFJTO COJirA.X*.
IPACIFIC HRIM.) '
Trwlna leave ami nve <lue to Mrrlve nl
SAN rBABIUWt'O.
tZAVE - Fr.ou JqyE7. IS3G. — aki-.ivi
•6:0Oa Nil Sin Jose and Way Stations, .i «:l.">y
7:«0.v Atlantis Express, <>g.len and Kant... **•■*.•!
* 7:UOa licnici.'.. Vacaviile, ltumsey. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding ti»
Davis •■•Si
7:OOa Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa • «:l&i
»:it»A Mites, San Jose, Stockton, lone.
• Sacramento, Marysvillo and Rec
Bluff ■««••'»»
3Oa Peters and Mi1t0n........ *7:15 i
•:OOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.os Angeles 4t45i
•:00a Martinez and Stockton 11:45*
«:OO a VaUejo C:l3i
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Llvermore. ..'... 8:13j
•l:OOp Sacramento KiTer Steamers *0:00(
fl :Sop Port Costa and Way Stations tJx-*si
4:ooi' Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Vetano anc
Santa Rosa »i 1,">»
«H>op Ber.icia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marys Tills
Oroville and Sacramento 10»43#
4i3orNile3, San Jose, LlTermore and
Stockton 7U5l
4:3«r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
.Yosemite) and Fresno lli4,V*
9t99e If ew Orleans EipreEB,Fresuo, Bakers*
.-;;:■ ♦irkl, Santa Barbara, Los Angolet
iteming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 10.15*
<3t«op Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
forMojare and East 10:13 a
5:OOp Vallejo 11:43 a
«J:O«i" F.uropean Mail, Ogden and Kost.... 0:15*
6:00 i> Haywiivilo, Niles and San Jose 7:43*
17sOOpValIejo.. t7:45l
7:00r Oregon lixprcss, Sacramento, Marys-
■ ' • ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound ami Kast 10:45 a
' SANTA <:lUIZ IUVISiOS (Xarrotr »onge). ~
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, fc'anta Crua
and Principal Way Stations ' }8:»3r
' ■ :15a Newark, C'enterfille.Suii.Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crui and Wa7
Stations SiMf
•9tl3r Newark, Ce^itsnille, San Jose, New
Ahnaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *Ui2OA
|4»13p Newark, San Jose and Los 0at05.... *j[»:3oa
COAST VISION' (I'lilnl A TownsriiH Stu.)
' *6:43 a Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaucn Wednesdays only) • 9:47 a
17j3»a, Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations.. tSs3sr
•:19a San .lose, Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz,
"aciflc Grove, Paso Robles, Sag
Jam* Obispo, Guadarape and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7tOsr
19:47 a. Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:80r
1O:IOa San .lose and Way Stations 5:00
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30r
*2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Crm,
SaUnas,MontereyandPacificGroTe •I0:4«a
•3:UOp San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way ■
Stations "l;30P
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations »«:oOa
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *N:4«*a
0:30p San Jose and Way Stations <1:33 a
H':4sp San Jose ami WaT Stations ;... +7:45p
SAN LKAXOItO AM) HAiVVAKUS LOCAL.
<«6:OOa "I " ( 7:15 a
8:OOa . \ (9:43 a
lO.oSa Melrose,BeMl.«ryPtrt, J^lja
*"-oo»- Fltchbiirg,S.«Le.idr. WMI
IISSr "* • S;«p
g;O«P H.rw.r<u. .f;J^
7:00p . . " B:4.Tp „
9-OOp i Eons through to Nfles. 10-. lOp
nil':lspJ tFromNUes. \ t(l2:OO F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY
from SIM FRiKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9.00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 J3:CC
•4:03 ' tB:OQ •6:00f.m.
From OllLiHD— Foot of Broad mt.— 6:00 8:0 C
10:00 a.M. tl2:00 »l:00 J2:00 *3:00 «:0C
"5:00 p.m. Vr .
■' • A for Morning. f "■":; for Afternoon. T **-*
* Sundays ezcepted. \ Saturdays only
t Sundays only.
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
■«t q.ir.rl->VR BT-rJ Mo^P', *-, — . P •-•■- <-
SMFRIMSCO&SORTHPA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. ill; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p.m.
BUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30, 3:3 ft
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK 'DAYS— 6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a m..
BD ?So I Y Bii» 7 F?K.* sS6 * U:l ° *" lt: I:4a B:4 *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Ban Leave in effect San Arrive '
Ban Francisco. j™. San Francisca
Wekk Son- Donation Bv *' I Week" •
. Days. | pays, "—"nation. DAYgj | Day^
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ax
3:30 pm 9:80 am Fetaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
. Fulton,
7:30 am .Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
Gey-servllle, .
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15
Pieta,
7:30 am Hopland A 10:10 am
3:3opm 7:3oam Ukiah. 7:30 6:15
7:30 M ' " ~ 10:10 am
7 :S0 am Guerne 7:30 pm
3:30 •■■■ ■ ■ I ■ . 6:IBPM '
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 1 5 :00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am[7:3O am! g.i MUI t onftl 110:40 am 1 10:10 am
3:3opm|s:oopm| Set>astopol - | 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa - Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Ska*gs Springs; at *
Cloverdale lor the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyviile, Soda Bay and Lakeport; at
Bopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Bine
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe, Booneville.
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocioo City,
Fort Bragg, Wsstport, Usal, Willets, Canto, Co-
Telo. Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Knreka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at red need
rates. -'
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building. '
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent
Atlantic "^^^
KAILKOAD *^^^^^^P
Trains leave from and arrive aj^^KpJF^jj^Bß
at Market-Street Ferry. «P*3ffl^o\rn*l
SANTA FE EXPKbSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. m.. carry ins Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without, change. Annex cars tor
%*££& Louis. FE ROUTE KXCUB.
The - Pocuiar Sa.nTA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY tor BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tonrist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
In rough to dosM nation.
• The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. • . "■ -.
. Ticket Office— 6-14 Market .Street.
- Chrouicle Kuil<l<n«r.
&ORTW PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
Ifrom San Francisco, » 0 n n n-lnsJuoe 15, 1893.
/ .WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *8?00
•9:16 10:15, 11:45. a. m.: *1:45,;3:.0, 415,
6:16. *c:UV. • :35 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
aaysand Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
For Mill Valley and "san Rafael-*8:6o. *9:OU,
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8:00, *9:OU,
•10:00. 11:SJ a. M.;*-Ji.3j. ■■ , :.,(!, »»:16, *4 00,
5:80, 6:45. 8:30 p.m. Exira trip to Sausa'.itoat
13 :00 a. M.
Trains marked , : - : run to San Qnentin. »*ia:3o
P. M. does not run to Mill Valley 1
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way scions— B:oo A. m.
bauudays; 9 a. m. sand* *: 5:15 p. m. we-klays.
• tor Point ; Reyes,; Cazadero and way stations—
g:OU a. m. Sundays; 1:46 p. m. weekdava.OFFICIALS WHO
TALK TOO MUCH,
H Is Presumed That They
Are Doing Their Whole
Duty.
HEARING MANY SECRETS
Bad Policy to Do Anything
That Will Discourage
Capital.
ANOTHER TRAGEDY EXPECTED.
Electric Cars Totally Ignore the Ordi
nance Regulating Their Passing
at Crossings.
Oaclakd OmcE San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 28. |
"Alameda County is suffering from the
talkativeness of some of its officials," said
a man of wealth and influence this week.
Although rich men do not, as a rule, have
rr.uch regard for county officials, there is
much truth in the remark at this time.
Tne particular offender during the fiscal
year has been Harry l)alton, the Assessor.
Every few days an interview with Mr. Dal
ton is printed, in which he gives
to the public some information which
they have no business to expect.
It is presumed that Mr. Dalton does
his duty, as he is well paid for doing it;, it
is not supposed that he is doing more or
less; therefore, it is bad etiquette to pro
claim and defend his position on points
that nobody has raised. In his researches
among the merchants and bankers the
Assessor learns much of the inner work
ings of the taxpayers' affairs that should
be regarded as confidential.
The law makes liberal allowance for the
advertising of all kinds of tax notices, and
does not require the Assessor to give no
tice of his private intentions and views in
regard to making assessments. Mr. Dal
ton has boen quoted as saying that he is
the foe to corporations and that none of
their personal property shall escape taxa
tion that is located in this county. The
Assessor has no business to be the foe of
any tax-paying concern or individual, and
as for the rest, he is paid to assess per
sonal property and to assess it all, and to
assess it honestly.
Mr. Dalton has been a good Assessor,
but it is not good policy for any official to
say anything which carries a different
meaning from that which he intended to
convey.
Many men of capital in Oakland have
received communications asking about the
possibilites of investments and requesting
some light on the methods of assessment.
When the title to the water front is clear
it will present unparalleled facilities for
the establishment of manufacturing plants.
•~>niy by ouch additions can Oakland be
come what its splendid harbor entitles it
to be, and anything that operates to the
alienation of capital is bad policy. If an
election were at hand the voluminous "ex
planations" of officials might be some
what justified, but they are all in office
till 1898, and they are surely politicians
enough to know that anything said or
done at this time will cut no figure two
years hence.
The High libel case promises to furnish
the opportunity for which many promi
nent Oaklanderß have been looking. For
several months the men who play a con
epicuoas part in the superficial life of the
city have been anxious for a legitimate
opportunity to make public much that is
of interest to the masses. The chance has
now come, and to-morrow's trial will
surely be a sensational one in many re
spects. Editor High has collided with
the most powerful interests in this city
and he realizes it, but announces his in-
tention to fight to a finish. He says when
he heard that W. W. Foote was to prose
cute for Mr. Dingee he felt inclined to
engage the services of Messrs. Corbett and
Bharkey, but compromised with himself
on Attorney Beatty, "because he trained
me for my first footrace, and I wish him
to train me for my first libel case, as 1 ex
pect many more." The list of witnesses
includes some bank presidents and lead
ing politicians, and many hints were
dropped to-uay of expected disclosures. It
may be that thers will he some disap
pointment. Judge Wood is not partial to
irrelevant testimony and much of the ex
pected sensation may be ruled out. In any
event the Police Court will be an interest
ing place to-morrow.
A few months ago two beautiful little
girls were mangled by an electric-car in
West Oakland. Their young lives might
have been saved nad not two cars been
passing at a street crossing. This matter
was proved to the satisfaction of the City
Council, and an ordinance was passed
regulating the passing of cars at crossings.
The new ordinance is totally ignored, and
not a day passes that there is not a score
of narrow escapes from exactly the same
cause. On the many lines crossing Broad
way disobedience to the ordinance is par
ticularly noticeable. There will be another j
fearful tragedy before long, and when the
streetcar companies are mulcted in heavy
damages they may find it is cheaper not
to pass each other within fifty feet of a
crossing.
Major Pico of Temescal is opposed to
the veto power of an executive officer.
Twice has the Legislature passed bis
claim for supplying goods to soldiers in
active service many years ago, and both
times the Governor has vetoed the bill.
He was on Broodway this afternoon with
an armful of new evidence that he says
will convince Governor Budd of the just
ness of bis claim. He has found an affi
davit from Senator Fair, another from
Newton Booth and others from the offi
cers of regiments he supplied, and these
he will present to the Governor. He has
also brought out a witness from England
to help him make his fight apain, and now
he feels confident that the veto will not be
applied. A very clear case is made out by
the affidavits, and it certainly appears that
the major ie entitled to the few thousands
he asks. During the alcalde days the
Picos made many munificent grants to the |
State, but the last of his race, now a
broken-down pensioner, is having a hard
time to collect a bill forty years old.
S. YV. B. '
Broke His Wrist.
OAKLAND, Cau, June 28. — Joseph
Hooson, a student of St. Mary's College,
went to San Leandro to-day from his home
in Haywards and on his return met with
a severe accident. He was riding a wheel
when the front wheel came off. The rider
was thrown forward and broke his right
wrist, SDrained his left one and badly cut
his face. He sustained a severe shock and
will be ill for several weeks.
AN UNFAIR DECISION.
Ha > wards Wins a Game That Is
Awarded to San Leandro,
BAY WARDS, Cal., June 28.— The base
ball match with the Southern Pacifies
of San Leandrv to-day resulted in a gene
ral row. The Azaleas went to San
Leandro to play and the game was um
pired by a man named Conner from San
Francisco, connected with the Newspaper
League, under whose auspicei the game
was piayoc". At the conclusion the game
was won by Haywards by a score of 18 to
5. The umpire was then told that some
of the Haywards team were over the age
allowed by the rules and awarded the
game to San Leandro on a score of 9to 0.
The Haywards team at once protested
and the objectionable umpire wanted to
fight. He was finally induced by the con
stable to leave the plaza. The Haywards
team was composed of M. Rose, captain;
F. Enos, pitcher; F. Zambreski, first
base; A. La Cunha, second base; H.
Young, third base ; C. Raver, shortstop ;
M. Riggs. left held ; J. Pann, right field;
C. Gesham, center field. All the players
declare that they are not over the stipu
lated age of IS years.
Indignant Parents.
OAKLAND. Cal., June 28.— Next Friday
nignt the residents of Piedmont will hold
an indignation meeting to protest against
the action of the Trustees in removing
Mrs. Nellie French from tho principalship
of the school. Mrs. French has been a
teacher for eight years and supports her
aged parents. Noreason was given by the
Trustees for her removal.
Death of Mrs. Stevens.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jane 28.— Mrs.
Ellen Stevens of Durant avenue died this
morning at her home of chronic nephritis.
She was a native of England and aged 65
3'ears. The funeral will t.ike place to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
family residence.
ALAMEDA CLUB REGATTA.
Good Day's Aquatic Sport
Is Enjoyed on the
Estuary.
Junior and Senior Outrigger Contests
Watcbei With Interest.
Future Events.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 27.— The boat
house and jetties of the Aiameda Boating
Club were filled with intere-ted spectators
throughout the afternoon to witness the
club's regatta yesterday.
This was the first time in years that such
an important event has taken place on the
estuary. The whole affair was a success,
though a protest in the last race marred
what otherwise would have been an ideal
day for oarsmen.
The day was fine and not too hot. At
the latter part of the afternoon a stiff
breeze blew up the reach and somewhat
retarded the pullers. The course was laid
out about due west from the boathouse
for tbre-quarters of a mile, returning to
the boathouse, which served both as a
starting-point and goal.
The officers of the club, which numbers
over fifty members, are: J. A. Sansom,
president: C. J. Lancaster, vice-president;
W. Hinchman, secretary; S. W. Creigh,
treasurer; A. Schumacher, captain; L. A.
Mervey, lieutenant. For the regatta the
judges were J. A. Sansom and A. Schu
macher; starter, S. W. Creigh; referee, Al
Roiijters; timekeepers, J. J. Conro and S.
3. Pembroke.
The first race was for junior outriggers,
the prizes being a gold and a silver medal
for the first and second men. Owing to the
number of entries and the want of skiffs,
the race was run in heats, as follows:
First heat— W. Hinchman, 12:58; C. Ayers,
13:53.
Second heat— R. A. Mervy, 13:31; H. W.
Lubbock, l3:4o.
Taird heat— A. C. Webb, 12:50; W. G. Ham
mtrton, 13:31.
Fourth heat— E. L. Hancock, 13:00; J. W.
Anderson, 13:45.
Mervy and Hanson beins ties, they
rowed a short race to see who should be
iv the semi-final race, and Mervy won
after an exciting pull. The result of the
semi-final left Hancoct and Webb to row
the final.
Before this was determined the senior
outrigger race was held for a silver cup,
which has to be won three times before
becoming the property of the winner. The
only competitors were Fred Ayers and Dr.
Dennis. They rowed a slashing race, and
Ayers only won by a nose.
Avers says he can beat the time — 12:44 —
easily, and would have done so in this
case had the muscles of his right forearm
not been seized with cramps as he turned
the stake.
The final for the junior outrigger race
brought about a foul. The rowers were
tired and the course was shortened nearly
one-half. Hancock claimed that Webb
took his water in rounding the turn.
It was decided to row the race again a
fortnight from to-day, and have a consola
tion race for a jewel presented by C. J.
Pembroke for the six beaten juniors.
In addition the rest of the events omitted
from the programme to-day will be car
ried out.
This ciub will be represented at Stockton ;
on July 4 by Hancock and Webb in the
junior outrigger class and Fred Ayers and
C. J. Pembroke in the senior. The latter,
who ia the outrigger champion of the
coast, went out alone for an hour to lim
ber himself up. He showed himself to be
in good form, and his easy, graceful style
was much admired.
To Bring Cohen Back.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 28.-Meyer Co
hen will be brought back from Tacoma,
where he went to avoid arrest for forgery.
Chief Lloyd will leave to-morrow, as ex
tradition has been waived and Cohen is
anxious to meet his accusers.
THE TURKISH KAIK.
It More Closely Kesembles tlin Gondola
Than Any Other Craft.
Crawford, the author, to whose skillful
pen Constantinople is indebted for one of
the most charming volumes ever issued
in its praise, has a word to say about the
Turkish boatmen and their vehicle, the
kaik.
"Constantinople owes much," writes
he, "to the matchless beauty of the three
waters which run together beneath its
walls, and much of their reputation again
has become world-wide by the kaik. It is
disputed and disputable whether the
Turks copied the Venetian gondola or
whether the Venetians imitated the Turk
ish kaik, but thn resemblance between
them is so strong as to make it certain
that they have a common origin. Take
from the gondola the 'ieibe' or hood, and
the remainder is practically the kaik. It
is of all craft of Its size the swiftebt. the
most easy to handle and the most com
fortable, and the Turks generally are ad
mitted to be the best oarsmen in Eurpe.
Indeed, they have need to be, for both
the Bosphorus and the Golden Horn are
crowded with craft of every kin J and made
dangerous by the swiftest of currents.
The distances, too, are very preat and such
as no ordinary oarsman would undertake
for pleasure orfor the sake of exercise. It
is no joke to pull fifteen or sixteen miles
against a stream which in some places
runs four or live knots ao|hour." j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
MYSTERY OF H
OLO ARMY NURSE
Dying at the Receiving
Hospital Without a
Friend.
IS A SOLDIER'S WIDOW.
She Was Seriously Injured While
With the Army of the
Tennessee.
WEAK IN BODY AND MIND.
Un'ess Relief Is Sp?edy, She Will Be
Immured in the County Alms*
bouse.
OAKtAKn Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 28. l
An old soldier's widow is at the Receiv
ing Hospital, and it is thought that her
Mrs. Nellie Bntler, an Old Army Nnrse and a Pensioner. Who Is Near to Death
at the Receiving Hospital.
days are numbered. Enough is known of
her history to prove that she Is well con
nected in the East, but her mental con
dition is so weak that she cannot Bupply
the missing links.
Nellie Butler is the name of the old lady,
and she was found suffering at a Broadway
hotel a few days ago. As sho had no
friends and no money she was sent to the
Receiving Hospital, and she will probably
soon be sent to the County Infirmary,
where she will be lost to all acquaintances
unless her memory is strengthened.
Enough has been learned from her to
show that her husband was killed at Fort
Donelson, for which she now draws a pen
sion of $12 per month. After the death of
her husband, Mrs. Butler attached herself
to the army of the Tennessee as an army
nurse, and in one of the worst engage
ments she was wounded in the leg. The
wound is now bothering her considerably
and is of such a nature that it will never
heal.
Her past is shrouded in mystery. It is
considered strange that a woman with a
record so clear as to entitle her to a pen
sion, and witti the hospital record which
she claims, should be so friendless and un
known to either Grand Army or woman's
Relief Corps. Her residence previous to
her cominp here is unknown and her pur
pose is no better understood. Her cloth
ing is good, but hick of personal care is
painfully evident. The pension would be
inadequate to support her, but she has
always had means to pay her bills. She
rook none into her confidence.
Mr. Linderman, landlord of the hotel
from which >she was taken, says that dur
ing the two weeks she staved there she
was not wholly rational. \Vhen she first
went to the hotel she was accompanied by
two women claiming to be her friends,
but neither of them has sinco called
to inquire after her.
Mrs. Flack of North Oakland has known
the old nurse about a year, but has never
been able to learn how it was that she wan
in California with no friends or relatives.
Mtb. Butler is a very rleasant-looking
old lady with white hair and Boft eyes.
She talks in a rambling manner and
makea many references to people, but no
sense can b8 made out of her remarks.
This afternoon she seemed brighter tn:m
usual and talked considerably of Bar Har
bor, but she could not answer any direct
questions abor.t places or people. The poor
old soul is suffering from cholera morbus
and from her wonnded limb, and the ef
fect of her ailments has been to weaken
her mind.
PIONEERS WAX WROTH.
Their Reasons for Wanting to
Put Up an Independent
Ticket.
Ex-President C. V. S. Gibbs Gives His
Version of "Dry Rot" and
"Pars mony."
The men who courageously came to
California in 1849 and tho spring of '50
dared many dangers, endured many hard
ships and are undoubtedly entitled to the
gratitude of posterity. It seems as though
these hardy pioneers, those who still sur
vive, ought to be enabled to pass their de
clining years in peace and comfort and be
exempt from all future strife and worry.
Unluckily snch is not the case, and the
hoary-beaded argonauts of '49 seem to be
getting their full share of worldly trouble.
As was related in yesterday's Call the
"Young Pioneer?," as they are pleased to
style themselves, are stirring up excite
merit over the approaching annual elec
tion of the Society of California Pioneers.
It is claimed by the sons and grandßons of
toe Pioneers that the society under its ex
isting administration )9 full of ''dry rot,"
ana unless some severe remedial measures
be immediately applied is in immin«-nt
danger of becoming mummified and as
lifeless as an Egyptian sphinx.
The officers, it'is said, are to all interns
and purposes hereditary and the prevail
ing policy is decidedly too parsimonious.
Even thehall, the juniors say, has a chilly
nir of sepulchral loneliness and the voice
of the secretary sounds like that of a sex
ton speaking from a tomb. For this and
similar reasons the malcontents declare
that they will' put an independent ticket
in the field and if successful in electing it
next month will wake up all of the old
stagers from their Rip Van Winuel sleep
and make tnem think that they are living
over aeain "cLe days of old and the days
of L'old."
The seniors, though, tell another story.
They declare that the young Pioneers
B3 a class are not hostile to the existing
conservative administration and that it is
only the chronic soreheads who are rais
ing ail this "'tempest in a teapot." Fol
lowing is a list of the present officers of
the society :
President— H. Ht. Tilden.
Vice-Presidents— Niles Searls. San Fran
cisco; H. E. Highton, San Francisco; C. T.
Ryland, Santa Clara; T. L. Barker, Oakland;
W\ H. Ellis, Sunol.
Treasurer— John I>. Tallant.
Marshal— John F. Pinkham.
Directors— Christian Reis. D. D. Harris, E. M.
Root, Leon Sloss, H. B. Russ, Charles C. Moore,
John H. Jewett, E. T. Kruse.C. J. King.
Messrs. C. V. S. Gibb.«. E. I<. Cooper, W. J.
Tiller, J. S. Wethered, Peer Tiffany, Edwin
JESounell and Alpheus Bull jr., composing the
nominating committee, recently presented '.he
following regular ticket, to be voted for the
7tnof next momh: Elliot M. Root, president;
Niles Searls, J. Z. Davis, C. T. Ryfand, T.L.
Barker, Howard Havens, vice-presidents; Johu
D. Tallant. treasurer; John F. Piukham, mar
shal; H. N. Tilden, J. H. Jewett, H. B. Rubs,
Wakefleld Baker, C. J. King, C. M. Plum, A. R.
Cotton, E. T. Kruse, Leon Sloss, directors.
So well pleased was the committee with
its nominees that at the foot of the ticket
it nrinted the following indorsement:
Efich and every man named thereon has
given this society abundant evidence of his
unswerving devotion to its best interests, and
by retaining on the ticket a majority of last
year's hoard of directors it assures to this so
uiety ft continuance of the wlae and judicious
administration of its affairs.
"Our society," said ex-President C. V.
S. Gibbs, "comprises a minority of sore
heads. Some of them are juniors, but the
mosc of them are seniors. Tn« young
I men, as a rule, are too sensible to be
found in such company. Every year
these malcontents put, or try to put, an
independent ticket in the field, and
every time it is overwhelmingly
defeated. The affairs of the so
ciety are in a prosperous condition,
and there has not been any trouble
| recently. An average of $1000 is ex
pended monthly for the benent of needy
i members, but the pioneers — the old
! timers — are peculiar men and some of
i them think that the $200,000 we have now
! profitably and safely invested, should he
i called in and divided among them. That
!is the milk in the cocoanut. If we were to
i adopt such a suicidal policy as this, of
course, we could not perpetuate our organi
zation and the young memoers would be
left bankrupt when they come into con
trol."
ONE OF THE HIGH THREE
Joseph F. Smith, a President of
the Mormon Church, on
Utah.
He Says the Abundance of Utah's Iron
Ore Exceeds That of Any Other
Locality.
At the Pythian Castle last evening Jo*
?eph F. Smith, one of the three presidents
of the Mormon Church, and Abram H.
Cannon, one of the Twelve Apostles, spoke
eloquently on the tenets of their faith to a
large audience.
Alter the meeting Mr. Smith said to a
reporter:
"The Jviormon church i 3 constantly
growing and gaining strength all over the
world. People now are beginning to learn
the truth about us; that is, that we are a
quiet, God-fearing, industrious class of
people that have no greater desire than
to live justly and well.
"I would "rather make no prophecy as to
the ultimate power of cur church in the
future. We truly believe that our faith is
the original faith that Christ taught when
he was on earth. We take his teachings
literally and permit no private interpreta
tion of his word.
"Mr. Cannon and myself are visiting
this coast to look after some mining inter
ests owned by us in Nevada. No, I never
talk of politics. lam a churchman, not a
politician. All I can say of Utah is ihat
it is all right. It possesses gold incalcula
ble and silver beyond belief. Utah will
some time far cxc.cd Pennsylvania in its
output of iron. There are mountains of
irou thero of the finest quality. Yes, in
deed, Utah will become a very rich State.
She has all the resources necessary to such
a condition.
"It is oar custom when visiting a city to
speak in the places of Mormon worship
only when invited to do so by the local
minister."
The party leaves for Salt Lake City to
day.
The clock which was actually made by
the royal hands of Louis XVI came into
the possession of a member of the Roths
child family a few years ago. It is proba
bly the most valuable clock in existence,
its present owner giving no less than £33,
-600 for the remarkable timepiece.
PLOTTED AGAINST
BY HIS PEOPLE,
Spirits Suggest That a Man
May Be Taken From
His Family.
BROUGHT FROM TORONTO
Informed That His Mother Was
Dead and His Sister
Dying.
ALL AN TJNNATUBAL PLOT
Now Contemplates So ng His Rela
tives for Ruining His Com
mercial Standing.
Oakland Officb Ban Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 27. )
Another romance has been attributed to
the spirits that bring their messages from
the unseen world at eventide and deliver
them to the faithful in the vicinity of
Castle Peterhoff at Fruitvale.
Very unhappy is the sequel to a peculiar
train of circumstances which have been
the experience of Edward Scarlett of
Toronto, since be left his home last
October. He came here in answer to an
urgent letter irom his sister Kitty, telling
him that she was dying of consumption
and that his mother was dead, and asking
that he come to Oakland to settle up the
estate left by their father.
Scarlett left his wife and family on hiß
little ranch at Toronto, and came to Oak
land, only to fina that his sister wa- in the
best of health, and that his mother was
living. His wife is now destitute in
Toronto, his credit destroyed and every
body believes he has deserted his family,
while he is still in this city trying to raise
enough money to get home.
"All this trouble has been caused by the
spirits," said Edward Scarlett this after
noon. "I have been the victim of one of
the most unnatural and unkind plots that
ever a sister and mother planned to ruin
the happiness of a family.
"About eight months aj?o I received a
very pathetic letter from my sister asking
me to come here at once. She said mother
was dead and she was dyine, and that it
would be necessary for me to come out
here and settle up the estate. I knew that
when my father died he left an estate
valued at about $50,000, and as I was
anxious to see my sister alive I came at
once. I had no address but Oakland, and
when I came here I had to engage a de
tective and hnd my sister. I found that
she had married and was Mrs. Taylor,
and that she had been married three years,
but had said nothing of it. After a long
search I found the family at Fruitvale,
and to my great surprisa the first person
I met at the house was my mother, whom
I supposed was dead. I soon discovered
that my sister was in the best of health
and was married.
"Subsequent investigation brought to
light the facts of the whole plot. My
mother and sister did not like my wife
and had been told by spirits that it would
be better if we were separated. Their ob
jection to my wife is that she is a Baptist.
They also object to my being a Presby
terian, and ever since I have been here
they have been trying to get me to believe
in spiritualism. Different parties have
come to me with messages from my
father, but I have refused to believe them.
"Ever since I learned of the way in
which I have been tricked I have been
trying to get back home. I have a beauti
ful little ranch, on whi^h live my wife and
two children. When 1 got my sister's let
ter I mortgaged the place for a small sum
and gave my wife all that I did not re
quire for the journey. Now the mort
gage is about due and my family is in
danger of being put out after we have
worked for twenty years to own the place.
I have been trying to get back for several
months, but my sister and mother have
been continually making promises about
raising a couple of thousand dollars so
that I could go back and make everything
square.
"Now a new chapter baa opened up.
The advisers from the unsaen world have
said that it would be best for my sister and
mother to raise what cash tbey can and
co to New Zealand. lam also told that if
I co along I can do very well in that
country. This last news has caused me
to make up my mind. My mother and
sister have either got to give me enough
money immediately to get home or else I
shall bring suit against them for damages.
I do not think I could recover much, for
all their money is loaned out on notes and
lam not altogether enamored of the se
curity. They tell me that the notes are
good and that tne loans were made on
good advice. The advice, however, was
not of this world, so I cannot investi
gate it.
''To-day I received a letter from my wife
telling me how I am practically ruined
through being called away. I must get
back witJin two weeks or my home is lost.
I have been married fifteen years, and to
attempt to estrange us at this time is dia
bolical. My little girl writes me that her
mother cries all the time and is really be
ginning to think she is deserted. I must
get home at onoe, but I cannot raise a
dollar."
When Scarlett made a demand for
money his mother decided to raffle a gold
watch with which to raise the money, and
is now offering a piece of property for
$1500.
A peculiar feature of the affair is that
Mrs. Taylor, the sister, admits tnat the
whole business was a scheme to get her
brother out here.
"We do not approve of his wife," she
said, "and so I told him of mother's death
and my illness to bring him out here. We
do not like his wife's religion and she only
married him because she thought he
would get some money from his father's
estate." _________^__
BROKE THE RECORD.
An KnthusiiMt Smoked Fifty Cigar* in
Kleven Hour* and Still Lives.'
There seems to be no limit nowadays to
the craze of record making. A couple of
years aco, for example, Herr Knopf
smoked ten large cigars in two hours at
the smoking club at Vienna, thus estab
lishing a "short distance" record in that
line. G. A. Bee of Litchheld, Conn., wears
the laurel of smokers, for, as far as known,
his achievement is yet unsurpassed. He
Bruoked fifty cigars in eleven hours on No
Auction Sales
PAYILIOS AUCTION HOUSE.
319-331 Slitter St., Above Grant Avo.
'. AT SALES THIS DAY, .
M0nday................ ......June 3J, 1890,
at 10:30 a. it., I WILL VxLii' '
A Large Variety of Parlor, Bedroom, Dining-
room, Library and Kitchen
FURNITURE AND CARPETS.
■ ' ■ 8. BABCH, Auctioneer.
ASSIGSEIJL SALE.
Slaughtering prices balance of assignee's sale.
Hock a way a, Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc., must
go. Ohm and make an offer. 1123-1141
Mission st.
vember 26, 1893, and at last accounts had
not piven up the use of tobacco. In piano
phiving against time John P. Theis' record
still stands.
He played without intermission for
twenty-seven hours and nineteen sec
onds .it Philadelphia, Juiy 5, 1593. Mr.
Theis might have proved a worthy accom
panUt for Professor Cartier, when he dis
tinguished himself by waltzing sixteen
consecutive hours, from 9 a. m. till 1 \. m.,
at Tammany Hall in this city, eighteen
years ago the 16th and 17th of'last April.
Julian Carpenter tried to surpass Profes
sor Cartier's feat two years later at Phila
delphia, but he gave out after thirteen
consecutive hours of twirling. The two
champion oyster- openers are W. Lowney
and John Lahey.
The former opened 100 oysters in three
minutes and three seconds at Philadelphia,
March 28, 1894, while the latter opened 1000
oysters at New York, April 2, 1886. Picking
geese, like opening oysters, may seem easy
to those who have tried neither; but George
B. Randall's record for undressing gee?e
still represents the acme of dexterity. He
picked 103, averaging ll}-£ pounds each, in
five minutes less than ten hours, shaving
is another thing that necessitates the use
of the utmost care, as well as skill, to <lo
quickly. Yet Teddy Wick's record of thir
teen seconds is probably the best. It was
made in 1893. He also "shaved live men in
one minute and fourteen seconds. Another
barber, named Hoiliday, shaved seventy
men in thirty-riix minutes, October 24,
1888.— New York Journal.
THE SOUTH-END ROWERS
A Barge and Single Shell Will
Go Up lo the Stockton
Regatta.
Why the Boys Do Not Care for the
Cup Trophies — Medals More
Tangible.
On the Fourth of July a rowing regatta
will take place at Stockton, and the boat
clubs of that city which are managing the
aquatic affair complain that the San Fran
cisco oarsmen are not enthusiastic over
the coining boating contests.
They say that Stockton has always sent
clubs to the Bay City who assisted mate
rially in making the regattas here suc
cesses and now the San Francisco boys are
aaffiicted with the stay-at-home complaint.
They particularly reier to the South End
Club and their regatta v few weeks ago at
El Carapo, where two Stockton teams com
peted in the rowing contests.
"I don't think the Stockton people have
any complaint regarding our club," said
Frank Dupleisse of the South Enders yes
terday. "We are going to send a bark
crew and a single-sculler to their regatta,
and that is the number they sent to our El
Campo affair. We cannot send any more
than the junior crew as Carison, our best
man in the senior bargr, is employed on a
bay schooner and cannot practice with the
rest of the crew. If our junior boys win
at Stockton they will enter in a senior
race, and that will be equivalent to two
crews. I, of course, will pull in a single
scull.
"Another thing that is a little unsatis
factory with our boys is the prizes to be
given at the comine regatta, They are to
be trophies instead of medals. Now, a
trophy is generally a cup which is pretty
ana an honor to the crew, but it is gener
ally put away in some fellow's room and
is soon forgotton. But an individual
medal an oarsman can keep in his own
possession, and it has more value as a
memento of his race.
"It takes time and hard work to pet
ready for a race, and while the glory of
winning goes a great distance, a fellow
wants something tangible to remind him
of the gallant struggle after the glory has
blown away.
"However, we are not finding fault with
the Stockton regatta committee, and will
cheerfully try to make their affair a suc
cess in every way."
CAKE MAKING.
Many Improvements Made in the Art
in Later Years.
It is interesting to trace back to the
earliest records the history of cake and
cake-making. The ancients made cake,
but it was not the rich, highly seasoned
and flavored confection which we indulge
in nowadays. They had plain cakes, made
with flour and water, some of them with
out a suspicion of sweet or flavor, borne
of them were not unlive our plainest
crackers, and were often eaten as we eat
bread.
Wedding-cake was an institution among
them as with v«, but the cake was a plain
one, and was broken above the head of the
bride as she went into her new home.
This was a special feature of Roman mar
riages 2000 years ago. The breaking of
the cake was part of a solemn ceremony,
and was said to be very impressive.
A similar custom prevails in some por
tions of Scotland, where a bannock is
broken above the head of the young wife
as she for the first time enters her new
home. All of the cakes of ancient History
are plain and simple. It is only as we
come down to more modern times that we
hear of spices and Iruits and all of the rich
and luxurious ingredients in which pres
ent-day cakemakers delight.
In Queen Elizabeth's time sciceoakes
and buns were eaten at weddings. From
these the faßhion and fancy j>rew for all
sorts of elaborate and deliciously unwhole
some combinations, until there seems to
be a perpetual struggle for something new
and more unusual to stir into the cuke of
the period.
Very many persons think cake is very
unwholesome, borne sorts of cake may
be, but why a simple cake with a little
good fruit in it should bo specially in
jurious is a puzzling question. Cake made
with fresh, sweet butter and fresh eges
can scarcely be a tax on the digestive
powers, and no other shortening save good
butter should ever be put into cake, many
housewives and high-reputationed cooks
to tne contrary notwithstanding. It ia a
greasy, oily shortening that makes cake
dangerous, and when much of this fat is
used the compound is wholly unlit lor a
delicate stomach.
Light, thoroughly baked cake, made of
good materials, may he digested by all
persons In ordinary health, and even "chil
dren of all ages may eat it with safety.—
New York Ledger.
The Four-Leaf Clover.
The Irish maiden gathers the shamrock
and puts it In her shoes, firmly believing
that the first man of her own condition in
life that she meets, or one of his name.will
be her future husband.
The American girl finds a four-leaved
clover, and laying it near her heart re
peats:
One leaf for fame and one for wealth,
And one for a faithful lover,
And one to give you glowing health,
Are in the fvmr-leaf clover— Exchange.
GEO. F. LAMSOI AUCTIOMR.
Office— 4lo Kaarny Street.
MAGNIFICENT HALLETT, DA.VIS •
" ' CO. UPRIGHT PIANO.
Valuable Library and Elegant Furniture.
THIS DAY.
Monday ......Jane 29. 1898,
At 11 o'clock, on the premises,
PINE S IKE ET, NEAK TAYLOR.
. I VVII/L SKLL
One Magnificent Orchestral Orand Upright Hal-
lett, Davis <fe Co. Pi mo, one of the royal instru-
ments of this celebrated make, cost the owner
*T00: Parlor Upholstery in crimson slllc plush;
handsome Gilt-frame Mantel Mirror; Body Brus-
sels and Wi ton Carpets: Paintings: 1 Magnificent
Genuine San Domingo Chamber. Suit, s highly
finished, cost, $330; 1 Iron Safe, 1 Mirror Top
Folding Bed, large Chiffonier. Choice "M»; tresses.
Blankets and Beading, 1 Walntr. Boole Case; 100
volumes Valuable Books, comprising many works
by best authors: sideboard, .Kx tension- table, Dlu-
iiiK Chairs: China, Crystal, Glass, Hlver-Pla-ed
and Kubv Bohemian Ware: i F. rat-Class Im-
proved Kange, .A ware, etc. Terms Cain.
■■- •-■ (■■■ ii. I. |,AMS.'>.\. Anciioneer.
ME. LINCOLN AS A POLITICIAN.
How He Secured the Adoption of the
Thirteenth Amendment.
Lincoln was a supreme politician, ana
he was a politician who understood poli
tics because he understood human nature.
And finally tne idea was conceived that
the constitution of the Unite! States
should be amended so tnat slavery should
be prohibited in the constitution. That
was a change in our polity, and it was also
a most important military measure. It
was intended not merely as a means of
prohibiting slavery, but as a means of
affecting the judgfnent and the feeling and
the anticipations of those in rebellion.
Well, when the question finally came
around to be voted on in the House of
Representatives it required three-quarters
of the votes, and this vote, this final deci
sion, was canvassed earnestly, intensely,
most anxiously fora long time beforehand.
At last, late one afternoon, the President
canio into my office, a room in the third
story of the \Var Department. He used to
come there sometimes rather than send for
me. because he was very fond of walking
and liked to go about a good deal. He
canif; in and shut the door.
It was believed that the amendment to
the constitution would be equivalent to
new armies in the Held, equivalent to send
ing 100,000 men to tight, because thi3
would be an intellectual army and an in
tellectual force that would tend to paralyze
the enemy and break the continuity of his
idea. In order to amend tne constitution
it was necessary first to have tne proposed
amendment approved by two-thirds of the
States, and when that question came to be
considered the issue was seen to be so close
tbat one State more was necessary.
1 hen the State of Nevada was organized
to answer that purpose and was admitted
into the Union. I nave heard people
sometimes conn lain of Nevada as a super
fluous and petty State, not big enough to
be a State; but when I hear that com
plaint I always think of Abraham Lin
coln's saying, ''It. is easier to admit Ne
vada ttiun to raise another million of sol
diers."
"Dana," he said, "I am very anxious
about this vote. It has got to be taken
next week. The time is very short. It is
going to be a great deal closer thanl wish
it was."
"There are plenty of Democrats who
wish to vote for it, I replied, "and who
will vote for it. There is Governor Eng
lish of Connecticut. I think he is sure,
isn't he?"
"Oh, yes, he is sure, on the merits of the
question."
"Then." said I, "there's Sunset Cox of
Ohio. How ia he?"
"He is sure and fearless. But there are
some others that I am not sure about.
There are three that you can deal with
better than anybody else, perhaps, as you
know them all. I wish you would send
for them."
He told me who they were. It isn't
necessary to repeat the names here. One
man was from New Jersey and two from
New York.
"Wiiat will they be likely to want?" I
asked.
"I don't know," said the President. "I
don't know. It makes no difference,
though, that we carry ihis vote or be com
pelled to raise another million, and I
don't know how many more men, and
right no one knows how long. It is a ques
tion of three votesor new armies."
"Well, sir," said I, "what shall I say to
these gentlemen?"
"I don't know," said he; "but I say
this to you, that whatever promise you
make to those men I will perform it."
"Well, now. this is a fact thai I do not
think is recorded in any history. I don't
believe my friend, Thomas C. Acton, who
sits back there, ever heard of it before. I
sent for the men, and saw them one by
one. I found that tiiey were afraid of their
party. They said that some fellows in the
party would be down on them. Two of
them wanted internal revenue collectors
apoointed. Said I, "You shall have it."
Another one wanted a very important ap
pointment about the Custom-hotiseof New
York. I Knew the man well whom he
wanted to have appointed. He was a Re
publican, though the Congressman was a
Democrat, I had served with him in the
Republican party County Committee of
New York. The office was worth perhaps
$20,000 a year. When the Congressman
stated the case I asked him, "Do you want
that? '
"Yes," said he.
"Well," I answered, "you shall have it."
"I understand, of course," said he, "that
you are not saying this of your own au
thority?"
"Oh, no," said I; "I am saying it on the
authority of the I'refident."
Well, he voted; the amendment was
carried and slavery was abolished by con
stitutional prohibition in all parts of the
United States. That was done and I felt
that this little piece of side politics was
one of the most judicious, humane and
wisa pieces of Executive authority that I
had ever assisted in or witnessed. [Ap
plause.]
Bu 1 this appointment in the New York
Custom-house was to wait a few weeks
until tne terms of the actual incumbent
had run out. My friend, the Democratic
Congressman, wns quite willing. He said :
"That's all right: I'm in no hurry." We!!,
before the time hnd expired, Mr. Lincoln
was murdered, and Andrew Johnson be
came. President. I had gone away, an I
was in the West, wh^n one day I got a
telegram from KosroeConkling, "Come to
Washington. " So 1 went. He said:
"I want you to go and see President
Johnson and tell him that this is a secred
promise of Mr. Lincoln's, and that it must
be kept."
Then I went to the White House and saw
President Johnson.
"This is Mr. Lincoln's promise," I
urged. '"He regarded it as saving the
necessity of another call for troops and
raising perhaps 1,000,000 men to continue
the war. I trust, Mr. President, tuat you
will see your way clear to execute this
promise."
"Well, Mr. Dana," he replied, "I don't
say that I won't, but I have observed in
the course of my experience that such
bargains tend to immorality." [Laugh
ter.]
The appointment was not made. lam
happy to say, however, that the gentle
man to whom the promise was given
never found any fault either with Presi
dent Lirrcoln or with the Assistant Secre
tary, who had been the means of making
the promise to him. [Applause.]— From a
"Lecture on Lincoln," by Charles A. Dana.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ft -I ri mk 625 HKAHVTST. < Established
IFff^VAin 1 £34 for the treatment of Private
■ iK^^ Diseases, Lost Manhood. . Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind laud
rVH H Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
?wEH|Ho:bei'stall. Try him. Charges low.
Cure* guaranteed. Callorwrite.
Or. 4. *'. fcifßßOK.Boxl937.SanFranci3ca
1112
GREAT OIL FIELDS
YET UNDEVELOPED,
California's Prospects Would
Excite Pennsylva
nians.
A. S. COOPER'S VIEWS.
Whole West Side of San Joaquin
Valley Is Rich in Fetro
leum.
WILL BE BIGGEST OIL STATE.
Capital Has Been Timid and There
Has Been Little Intelligent
Prospecting.
The time is coming when California will
surpass Pennsylvania as an oil State, says
A. S. Cooper, the Southern California
authority on asphaltum mines and oil
wells.
For the last eight years Mr. Cooper,
who was formerly County Surveyor of
Santa Barbara, has devoted his entire time
to the study of asphaltura mines and oil
regions, and has collected at Santa Bar
bara a most complete library on tne sub
ject as treated by both American and
foreign writers. In addition he has almost
ready for publication a book dealing with
these products in California.
"There is a district 250 miles in length,"
said he yesterday, "along the we_t side of
the San Joaquin Valley that will be a
great oil country. Commencing at Sun
set depot the oil belt extends northward,
tollowing the base of the mountains to
Mount Diablo; in fact it runs as far north
as Point Arena.
"On the coast side there is oil, too. It
crops out all along to the southward, as is
shown by the asphaitum mines of San
Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara counties
and the oil wells already known in Santa
Barbara, Ventura and Los Angeles coun
ties.
"Wnere you strike gas and asphaltum,
the lightest and the heaviest extremes of
petroleum, there must be oil somewhere
near.
"The fact is the country has not been
prospected, A little work has been carried
on here and there, but it has generally
been stupidly done.
"If these fields and such surface indica
tions were in Pennsylvania there would be
more 'wildcattiDg' tban was ever beard of
before. There holes would be bored for
oil from one end of the district to the
other. It is a most astonishing fact that
no one has gone into it. It seems as
though California capitalists were afraid to
tackle the oil business.
•'I believe that California is going to be
a bigger oil producer tban Pennsylvania
ever dared to be. They will not be flow
ing wells. They will have to be pumped.
"The Los Angeles wells produce gener
ally heavy oils with an asphaltum base. I
suppose they will give out after a while.
The field is not extensive; it occurs in a
dome and when that is exhausted they
will have to hunt for another.
"There is always good illuminating or
fuel gas wherever oil is found, but the
formation of stratification in California is
too steep for the gas to last long or flow in
a continuous stream.
"In the Sisquac, where I inspected a
well owned by Thomas B. Bishop, the gas
was so strong" at a depth of 910 feet that it
blew water out of the hole and 130 feet
in the air.
"Last Thursday I visited a new well a
mile north of Coalinger, in Fresno County.
They bad it capped, but they turned it
loose for my benefit, and oil flowed at the
rate of a barrel a minute. It is a pararine
oil with the high gravity of 44 Beaurue.
I found that it is an anti-clinal which ex
tends three or four miles, with good pros
pects of oil being found all along. That is
the best well I have seen in this State, but
there are hundreds of others to be de
veloped some day."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
P L Flnnigan, Reno A H Holgate, Minn
W W McMullan, Minn RT Devlin, Sacramento
Mrs H A Crawford, lowa Mrs C T Martin, lowa
D Miller _ w. < al F V Knewing, Oakdale
A A Martin, Cal C B Wheaton, Oakland
A Poulam. San Jose H McGra.h, >an Jose
i J M PettUrew, Cal W A Bender, Cal
A Henderson, Oakland J B Bacon <fe w, Wash
R E Kenney, Nova o Miss E Kenney, Novato
Miss J Kenney, Novato F A James. N V
T M Davis, Chicago R E Kay, Keeler
F P Young &w, Portlnd H Prinz, Monterey
Miss Prinz, Monterey Missßßechler.TheDallea
J Saloman, Colo G Tatterson & w.Stocktn
Miss C Geffray, btocktn B O Adams. St Louis
C H Chambers, Paadeua A Yell. Hanford
J E JacKsoo, Los A ng JW Johnson. Riverside
H M Smith, D C Miss A Farreil, Brooklyn
J B Newton, Mo L W Lesley, st Louis
Mrs W J Quinlan. BC B H Phillips, Buffalo
J D Semple, St Paul W W Turncy, San Jose
Mrs J M Andrews.Loa A S B Randall _ w, Benicia
E C Smith, Pac Grove J D scharff, Portland
Mrs Warner &c, Portld J J Davis, East St Louis
H-GBemon, NY Miss Quick, Eureka
W M Wheeler, Chicago Mrs D Steams, Portland
Mrs P H Floody, St Paul Mrs J Barney, Minneap
E 3 M.un.son, Denver
RUSS HOUSE.
W B Floburg, sacto W Floburg, Sacto
J H Mai tin, Sacramento \V Walter, San Jose
J Bendler, N V Miss Goss, Colo
E swayne, San Diego G Marsh, Sacramento
C Marsh, sacramento D W Bert, Colo
J Gill & w, Oakland A Gtirreit, Healdsbure
X McGulxe, Sausallto Mrs Elerhart, Sausalito
W Cavanaugh* w. Mass J Cavanaugh, Mass
Miss Anderson. Los Ang m White <fe w. New Mcx
B Witt, Va R V Jones, Or
W S Wall. Woodland R M Ballard, Cannabnl
F Townsend. Ohio G \V Bog?s, Tracy
W W Bright, Jaxon Miss Howell, LO3 Ang
N S Faircnild Arlx J slbbala, Nev
J Bartneit Cincinnati T .Mumma, Burllngame
E Brown, Ney Mrs blown, Kans
C L Cooper, Kans Mrs Wasner, Nebr
W Chalmers, Chicago Mrs 1 amstutz, Naoa
Miss Lamstutz, Naoa W Lauistutz, Napa
A Lancstutz, Napa H Wall, B C
J P Hanim, Pa W Hockle, 111
T Daley, Mo G H otto. Mo
W E Gallagher, Colo J Morongo, Banning
Miss Bashaie, Texas Miss H Bashale, Tpx
C Mursel, Pa Dr Mayuard, San Jose
Mrs Scott, Victoria MrsMaynard, San Jose
S A Garrett, Ferndale
PALACE HOTEL.
E L Brayton, Dakota H Brayton, Dakota
C E Fisk, Cal F W Lawrence, S V
C C Hargrave, St Louis Mrs A I, Buller, Cal
E R Buller, Cal Miss A B Ross, Cal
Miss Waddell, Tacoma F _ Frank, Ontario
W M Strong &w, Can M McNulty, Chicago
A Leonard &w, Cal Mrs M Cameron Mo
Mrs X Harrison, -Mo F Eaton. LosAng
Miss E Eaton, Los Ang J D schuyler _ w Cal
„ T W right. Los Ang A P Mann, Ariz '
H Lindsey, Los Ang C P Cheney, Los Ang
M E Seccombe, Cal Mrs P A Hearst, Wash
Mos C Anthony. Wash Mlm Anthony, Wash
Miss N Robertson, Wash Miss Apperson, Wash
Miss Lane. Wash E H Lamb, Wash
Mrs M Kubbs, N V C M Hunt Aw NY
J B Neal A w, Cal O P Phial, Portland
A T Riffle, Portland G B Hegarth. Portland
W D Waiter* w, Nebr
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F F Olynoa, Meridian D Hanley, Benicia
Mrs B Thatcher, Colo Miss J Hagadon, N V
C R Fuller Chicago J B Monifun, Denver
F A Mitchell, Los Ang E Mahn. Alcatraz
A Henderson, Ont R B Weddle, sacto
B P Merritt. Globe Mrs (ook & ch, Columbia
C O'Hallv, Dcs Moines Falls
Senor G Perez, Taris C H Alexander, Mass
Senora Peregini, Paris A W Fellows, Chicago
J Gardner, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E Frennel. Crockett F Rosalia, San Mateo
A B (.olem'an. Monterey J F Rodgcrs, Santa Rosa
T Dennoth, Oakland R J Miller. Denver
J C Heisch <fe w, Sac G J Wiener, Fresno
V V Blod»:ets, Oaklnnd C M Hunter, sac
Mrs C W Holloway,ObioG A Laney, Boston
H G Day, St Paul G J Fieldinan <fe w, Phila
Mrs S B scott, Chicago H T Bonner, N V
Capt J S Hincie.Cbicago W L Oliver, Seattle
! NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
|BP_TE» OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22. i
_=^-F..-a_d A. M.-Called meeting for^V
THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at 7:3O^JT
o : cloc_. Third degree. By order of W. M. /^~>
, - EDW. F. DELGEB, Secretary.
B__s=« KING SOLOMON'S LODGE NO. •
»^ 260, F. and A. M., corner Geary and __f\_
Stelner sts.— Called meeting THIS (MON-lrjr
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third /^r >
degree. By order of the master.
HARRY BASHR, Secretary.
afr^Sp ALTA LODGE, NO. 205.1. O. _^BMB__~
_?^ O. I. — Regular meeting MON-jN^SBb
DAY EVENING, June 29. Members^§g3»?3*gS'
please attend.- Visiting brothers cor- '^"■l^ s ~
invited. Initiation. .E. J. THAYER.N. G.
P. N. Naxskx. Reg Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
J^S^N^T7c^~^rr^T^[EXD^W^Ts^NOT
it— connected with Raver's Law Collection
office from thia date. J.J.KADER.
|g__?» ALL PERSONS HAVING SERVED AS
»—^ jurors in criminal cases will find It to their
interest to call at room 18, 230 Montgomery st.
1 J. P. DA ME RON.
I jFJSP BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
*— collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 5580.
\tsS' ABANDONED CHILDREN IN ST.
st^ Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
uary 1,1895: Robert Butler. a«e 5 years; Bessie
Butler, age 4 years; Cbaries Connolly, age 6 years;
Mary Fagalda, age 3 years: James Fagalda, age 1
year: Eddie McCarthy, age 6 years; Alice Mc-
Carthy, age 6 years; Nathan Barloggi, age 3
years. v ■
«_=§=• DBS. HOLSMAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
W^ moved to 1370 Market st. : poor treated free.
_-_-— _-_---—-. — —i 1
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
f_S» S EC*U BIT Y SAVINGS BAN K, 222
B-*^ Montgomery St., Mills Building. Dividends
on term deposits at the rate of four and thirty-two
one hundredths (4 32-100) per cent per annum,
and on ordinary deposits at the rate of three and
six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum for the half
year ending June 30, 1896, will be payable free of
taxes on and after July 1, 1895.
■ 8. L. ABBOT JR., Sec.
B_3s=» DIVIDEND SAVINGS AND
— *-& Loan Society, 101 Montgomery si., corner
Sutter. For the half-year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
thirty-two one hundredths (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundred (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
n_=g=» DIVIDEND NOTICE.— THK GKRMAN
*£n-& Savings and Loan society, 526 California
St.— For the half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredth* (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hundredths (3 56-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
GEO. TOURNEY, Secretary.
90S 3 DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
m^Sr ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post St.— For
the half year ending June 30, 1896, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 'our (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3. 33y3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1,1896. GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
&OS= HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
S^e' Society, 18 Geary st.-The directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent,
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
flSr^S* DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAN FRANCISCO
W~-& Savings Union, 532 California St., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30th of
June, 1896. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum, of four and thirty-two one hun-
dredths (4 32-10 D) per cent on term deposits and
three and sixfy one-hnndreaths (3 60-100) i.er
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LQVKLL WHITE, cashier. "■
SITUATIONS WANTED-FE3IALE.
WEDISH~COOK, WITH REFERENCE, DE-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 312
Sutter st.
TV OMAN WITH CHILD WANTS SITUATION
»> to do general housework or cooking; city or
country. Call 221 Minna st.
ITUATION WANTED FOR HOUSE CLEAN-
fcj ing and washing. 17 Snmner st-
GIRL 15 YEARS WISHES A SITUATION
to take care of a baby ; prefers to sleep at
home. Please call 355 Jessie at.
G" OOD COOK (GERMAN) DESIRES A SITUA-
tIon in a private family. Cosmopolitan Hotel,
corner Fifth and Mission, rojm 35.
WOMAN WANTS PLAIN S_ WING OF ANY
tt kind; also clothes to clean and preas. 114
Fourth St., room 15.
A" ~ youncTgirl wishes place to take
care of child or children. Address A. 1. W.,
box 61, this office.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WASHING,
' J ironing and housed caning; 65c half day. Ad-
dress Laundress, 812 Jessie st., rear, second floor.
THIRST - CLASS DRESSMAKER wTs Ii X s
X work by day or take work at home, $1 50 per
day. Call or address 1-6 oak st.
"EXPERIENCED WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
X- tbe day washing and Ironing. 1314 Larkin st.
IVTOMAN WITH CHILD WANTS SITUATION
TT to do general housework or cooking; city or
country. Call 221 Minna st.
\V r IDOW LADY WANTS POSITION AS
TT working housekeeper; city or country. J.,
box i 5, this office.
"rvKESSMAKING— A THOROUGH FITTER IN
U ladies' and children's suits: terms $1 25 per
day. 1038 Mission st.
V A GERMAN GIRL, FOR GENERAL
housework or care of children; speaks Eng-
lish, German and French; city or country. Ad-
dress or call 416 Sixth st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK OF
V_- any kind by tbe day, or will do ladies' and
gents' mending and plain sewing of all kind. Call
131 Hickory aye., neur Gough st.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL DESIRES A POSI-
X tion In American family to do general house-
work. 826 Greenwich st.
TO HOUSEWIVES— THE COLUMBIA EM-
ployment Agency, 128 Fourth st., furnishea
the very best help at short notice. Telephone
black 1353.
SITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDISH
O woman to do general housework; is a good
cook. Call Monday or address 29 Lafayette St.,
care of Rev. C. A. Andersen, pastorof the Swedish
BC K. Church.
POSITION WANTED FOR A YOUNG GIRL
XT to do general housework. 34V_ Diamond st.
EXPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
X_ to do washing or any kind of mending. Call
or address 2935 Twenty-fourth st., nr. Alabama.
~\M IDDLE-AGKD GKiiMAN WOMA _ WISHES
iTI & situation to do general housework or house-
keeping; $8 to $12 a month. 517 Howard at.
U OMAN WISHES A SITUATION; UNDER-
* stands the care of children and sewing: will
help with general housework; good cook: wages
$10; references. Address H. R., box 23, Ca'.l.
OUNG GERMAJsUIRL WHO SPEAKS ENG-
lisli wishes a position in summer resort as
lanndress or chambermaid; understands some
waiting. MISS R. SCHULZ, 628 Fulton St.
WANTED— SITUATION AS WETNORSEBY
young mother; references given. Apply at
847 Capp St., from 6 to 7:30 p. _ Sunday, or any
time during the ween.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
\J n.ce family: is neat and quick about her work.
Can be seen at 53d Lott st. ; no postals.
■yOUNQ GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
X tion to do general housework. Apply Hotel
Fairmount, room 93.
\\; IDOW COMPETENT TO TAKE CHARGE
tt of home and children wishes housekeeper's
position. 203 a Powell, room 16.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION ASTRA V-
eling companion: will do plain sewing or any
light work. 706 Kills st.; ring 2 bells.
WOM AN, 35. WANTS PLACE AS COOK
or working housekeeper. 645 Mission st.
-J"OUNG GERMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
X by the day, washing or cleaning. Call or ad-
dress A. 8., 278 Natoma st.
RESSMAKER; LATEST BTYLE AND PER-
feel fit; will make a dress in 2 days; would
like to get a few more engagements by the day at
$1 50. Call or address 153 octavia st.
ANTED— BY A COMPETENT ENGLISH
woman, position as heusekeeper or nurse to
an invalid: salary secondary consideration. A. is.,
box 3J. this office.
OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY,
washing and cleaning; $1 a day and carfare.
Address C. F, box 124. Call Office.
ESPECTABLE~G ERMAN LADY ABOUT 50
wishes situation as housekeeper in widower's
family In country. Address 11., 2603 Mission
St., cor. Twenty-second.
\*r antkd^bTy lady with years of
TT experience, care of invalid, either sex; best of
care and home comforts given. Call or address
MRS. M. X., Oakland P. O.
VOWO LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper or to lake charge of ludging-ho use.
Call or address 203 Powell St.. room 6.
YOUNG WIDOW"WISHES A SITUATION AS
X housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. Call or
address Housekeeper, room 36, third floor, 1148
sutler at.
I) XLI ABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, FIRST-
Xv class cook, wishes aituation in private family.
Call or address 138 Vi Castro at.
A 'OUNG SWEDISH WOMAN DESIRES A
X place in family to do general housework. 206
Steuart si.
PANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
ment. Apply 105 Larkin St., room 3.
/GRADUATE NURSE WOCLi, LIKK A PER-
VJ manent position in caring for an aged invalid..
Address Nurse, Call Branch ' flici-, 713 Larkin su
pOMPETKNT " YOU NO CRfcOTfci WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, chaui-
berwork or sewinc; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market st.. room 18.
(^ ERMAN GIRL WAN fS^STiX'ATION, SEC-
VJ ond work and sewing, or housework In small
family: references. Call or address Dressmaker,
S5O Kirkbam at., Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
■ SITUATIONS WANTED- 'c'ontlnned'.V'
VTE AT GIRL WANTS A SITUATION IN good
— family for upstairs work, sewing, taking care
of children. Please address J. C. X.. 123 Clay st. j ,
/COMPETENT DRESSMAKER DESIRES EN-
\J gagements in families; reference: . Jclty or
country. E. E. V., 831 Myrtle at., Oakland.
\l, INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR. -
TT Market: 200 rooms: 25c to : $1 61) per night: •
$1 60 to s6 per week convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
U^T^XcioTcHINIEsT^S_TAPANEi_
JH employment office, 17 Webb St., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231. , -'y
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
V> C.G. COOK'S *OVJ. SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
X .branches ;short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant43.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 3148 Sutler: tel Grant 30. ■
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414V 2 O'Farrell: tel. K. 426.
A N OLD SINGLE MAN. SOBER AND HON-
xV. est, to do light work about a place: private :
family preferred; no objection to country: speaks
French and English: small wages. Address G. B.
AMETTE. 245 Eighth St., care of Mr. Kroll.
\r.OUNG GERMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
I 'to take care of horses, cows or garden. , A. V.,
box 101, Call Office.
ANTED— POSITION AS NIGET OR DAY
TT watchman by steady, reliable man : total ab-
stainer: first-class credentials. W. H. L., 754
Folsom st. " • :
YOCSG SWEDISH MAN WIBHES SITUA-
X tion: city or country; first-class driver; under- j
stands care of horses and garden; also good
milker; 3 years' experience. Address 769 Mis-
sion st. . - : ■ •
~\7" OUNG MAN wants situation AS GAB-
X dener, choreman or on fruit ranch. T. 8., 24
Mint aye. "
r\ ARDENER WANTS SITUATION; THOR-
VT oughly understands greenhouse work,' also
landscape gardening; references. Address Gar-
aener. 441 Bush st. '
OOK WHO BAKES GOOD BREAD, PIES,
etc., wants a situation in the country. Ad-
dress 1301 .santa Clara aye., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS BOOKKEEPER WITH HIGH
references wishes one or several seta of books
to keep during the day; compensation moderate.
Address E. J.. box 62, this office. "
LDERLV 7 MAN, A LITTLE LAME, WOULD
like to work in a family or hotel for a home: to
make himself generally useful. Address J. H.,
box 136, Call Office.
V YOUNG SWISS-GERMAN MAN AND
wife: man a? coachman in private family or
work on ranch; milking; understands care horses
and cows; wife do housework. Address S. C, box
108. Call Office.
YOUXG, KONG. ABLE-BODIED MAN,
X sober, steady, painter and paper-hanger by
trade, desires situation In hotel or institution; will
work for low wages if steady employment. Ad-
dress T. C, box 91, this office.
TpNKRGETIC, ON ST YOUNG MAN
Xi wishes position for any kind of work; very
handy with tools. Address H. E., box 99, Call.
ARDENER (PRACTICAL) OR MAN ABOUT
place wishes situation; references. Address
Gardener, 417 Kearny at. ■_ i
pOACHMAN, THOROUGHLY SOBER AND
\J reliable, in taking care of gentleman's estab-
lishment: is a competent driver: beat Eastern and
California references. Address W. R., box 80, Call. ;
EXPECTABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES SlT-
uation in private family; coaching and gar-
dening; best of references. Address A. X., 1228
Broadway, Oakland.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services in the expert of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office. '
ONE WISHING TOUOTOTHEGOLD FIELDS
of Southern California may, if desirous of a
partner, communicate at once with L. R., box 100,
Cal lothce.
TTardener's situation wanted by
\JT single man of long experience in greenhouse,
flower ami kitchen cardening; 2 5-year references
from previous employers. Horticulturist, 719
California st.
\ r OUNG MAN, AGED 20, PRACTICAL WTA-
tionary engineer, with some experience with
indicator cards, wishes steady posi.ion as assistaii'
in a big steam plant; wages no object; good refer-
ences. Address IGNACIO ALLEGRETTI, 6^
Salmon St., city.
YOUngTscandinavian wishes situa-
X tion; city or country; rir^t-class driver: under-
stands care of hcrses and garden, also sood milker:
beta references. Please address A. 8., box 149,
(.all Office. . ______________
fljT"^ TO ANY ONE TI7AT~GETB ME WORK
•JpO in wholesale or packing bouse; Is used to
hard work ; has A 1 city references. Address T. G.,
box 64, Call Office.
ITuTTIONr WANTED BY" GERMAN AND
wife, withont childre 1, to take care of ranch
or work on a private place; man understands all
kiuds of ranch or private work: wife good cook;
both first-class references. Address J. L. RATH-
GEBKR, Napa, Cal.
WINCHESTER m) USE, ~44 THIRD. NEAR
' T Mar_«u — Electric lights In every room ; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nis;hi: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
GEKMAN WISHES SITUATION IN A PRl-
vate family : good gardener, coachm»n; under-
stands handling s ock; goo 1 milker; reference-
Address Industrious, box 27, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» -Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: tree biisunl liaggnre to and from the ferry.
_'_..}. A__ H__i' >\ANTEI>^
VITANTE D- MOTH E R AND DAUGHTER TO
11 cook on a ranch; laundress, private family,
$25; German chambermaid, $20: shirt- polisher,
$45: 2 ranch cooks. $20; 2 waitresses and clmm-
bermaids. $20 and $-5; and uirls for cooking and
housework In city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 31J! Sutterst.
SECOND GIRL, $25: COOK, $30: NURSE, $25;
20 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $16. MlsS CU_-
LEN, 323 Sutter sU
T AUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 328 SUT-
XJ terst.
OTHER AND DAUGHTER, $25 AND $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OOK AND LAUNDRESS, $25: INVALID'B
nurse, $25; 3 nurse^irlH, $12 and $15: 10 girls
for housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Elllaat.
E" ANCH COOK, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
IVTAITRi SS THIS MORNING EARLY, COUN-
»t try hotel, $20; 10 waitresses^, spring, moun-
tain and water resorts, country and city hotels. C.
R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary 8U
tl WAITRESSES, S.^ME HOTEL, SOUTH,
£t fare paid, $20: waitress, hotel, Fresno, fare paid,
$20; waitress, country hotel, fare paid, $20; wait-
ress, country hotel near city, who can make sal Ads,
$'J0; waitress and chambermaid, small boarding-
house, country, middle age preferred, $15; 2 fine
ironers, country hotel, K3O; Scandinavian laun-
dress, country hotel, $30; 6 extra waitresses,
country hotel; fancy Ironers and collar polishers,
city: chambermaid and care of linen-room, also a
young chambermaid, same hotel, country, $20 and
$16: cook, city, $^0; German cook, Alameda,
$25:10 Scandinavian and German girls, house-
work, city and country, $20; housework girl, near
city, $16. C. R. HANsEN _ Co., 110 Geary st.
TIT ANTED— FUENCH I OOK, $35; GERMAN
TT or Scandinavian laundress, country, $30;
second girl, cou£ry $15, city $15; French nurse-
maid, $25: French laundress and second work,
country, $20. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
vy ANTED— A PROTESTANT GIkL iOH
TT housework in family of 2 personi and child 5
years old at Pt lo Alto; wages $20; see lady here
this morning. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sntter st.
WANTED— A COOK AND GENKRAL HOUSE-
work girl: also a nurse for same house, in
country, $26. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
■ Sutter at.
\* ANTED— GENTEEL GIRL TO CARE FOX
»T children in the country; $16. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter sl^
W ANTED— M AI D^A ND SEAMSTRESS FOR
TT private family; $25; references and experi-
ence necessary. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutterst.
\V A NTED — SECOND GIRL, MUST SEW
tt and sneak German, $20: also a nur.-e for San
Mateo, #20: cook for schools, $25. Apply MISS
PLUNK i.TT, 424 Suiter st.
PASTRY COOK] COUNTRY] $30; COOK.
XT small country restaurant, $30 arid room; wait-
tresses, $15; ranch cook and other places, at MUR-
RAY ARKADY'S, 63i Clay st.
\\[ AITRESSES: 8 P K I N OS; FREE FARE.
TT HOTEL QAZ-TTK, 4JO K-arny st.
\\T ANTKD-COM PATENT G I ft _~FOR GEN-
TT eral housework; mus. De good cook; German
preferred, small lamily. 1131 La«una, cor. Eddy.
li.' ANTED— IRONERS A N!) MARKERS AT
TT Parisian Laundry, southwest corner lioiores
and Twenty-ninth sts.
W'anted-young girl to assist in
light housework in exchange for good home.
212 Chattanooga st.
IDDLE - AOKD WOMAN FOR LIGHT
housework. 1613 Leavenworth st.
L"ADY, GdbD~TAILO"REBS, WANTED. 131
Seventh st.
■yOUNGUIRL "TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSE-
X work; wages $6 to $7. 1319 Mlia si.
W~ "ANTED- NEAT GERMAN GIRL FOR
housework. 516 Ellis st.
ANT KD— GIRLS TO WORK ON VESTS:
also apprentices. 641 Stevenson st.
XkT ANTED-GLRL OF""i0~F0R HOUSEWORK
" In family of two. 80 Waller st.. near Market.
"EXPERIENCED HANDS ON" DUCK SUITS
X- and wrappers. S. STENER, 126 Eighth st.
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
cooking; wages $15. 1218 a Fulton st.
GIRL FOR HOU>EWORk! APPLY BE-
tween 9 and 12, 1006 Geary st.
pi a •:'n~t_ce"s"for dressmaking, ii
Ainouio su, off Jones, near Ellis.
XPERIENCKD APPRENTICE TO HELP ON
first-class custom coats. 4-.0 Jessie at.
IRL TO HELP WAIT IN RfcSTAUHANT
604 Thud st. : call early.
OOD FINisHER~AND OPF.RATOR; ALSO
apprentice on pants. 1018 Howard at.
HELP WANTED— Continued. ;
OOD CLOAK . SALESLADY AND " SOME
good canvassers in connection with political
campaign work: ladles holding certificates in U.
S. Industrial 1 Agency are - eligible. Room 165,
Crocker building. ; . ' -: .■„; ■•
"Scandinavian giriTto assist light
O housework and attend baby. 1 802 Pennsylvania
aye.; near Twenty-third, Potrero. ; ;
X 1 DUCATED WOMAN FOR OFFICE; EXPE-
X_ rience not necessary; references. Address
Permanent, box 112, Call Office. ..-,_ .:•■-•
Ty ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
TT school class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. . 410 Leavenworth st. ".
ELIABLE GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, 12
XV until after dinner daily: experience and refer-
ences required; $15 per month. Call Monday af-
ternoon or address 3712 Clay st. '■/';. -'.
,T7UNISHERS. OPERATORS AND APPREN-
X 1 tices wanted on vests. Apply 1104% Folsom.
JURST-CLAS-S SHLRTPOLISHERS AT ST.
Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom.
OLORED WOMAN. APPLY FOR 2 DAYS
\J before 10 o'clock. 679 Harrison st.
WASTED — CUSTOMERS FOR ELEGANT
TT and stylish hats at cost. 606 Larkin St.
(.EIGHT GIRLS TO LEARN G LOVE-MA
l> ing. Call alter 9 :30 a. _ Carson Glove Co.,
318 Market st.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
X making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order,' 25c up. Mo
; POWELL Academy,636 Market,opp.Palace Hotel.
T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresacutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIR-DKESSINQ; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
HAIRDRESSING, 250 AND 36c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
poAT-FiNisHERs WANTED. 541 market
\J street. - v
\f OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
iTX Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week--, free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry-
male help xv anted.
W~~ANTED— MINEIt,^S4O"^NrJ^_6ARD7~3
laborers for mine, $26 and board; ironers and
polishers, city and country, $45 and $35 and found ;
2 wagon-makers for country, $26 and found and
$2 50 day; stenographer and typewriter for coun-
try, $40 and Increase; 2 teamsters, $1 50 day;
errand boy for country, $10 and found: farmer for
fruit ranch, $200 year; man 10 pickle olives, $30
and found; cooks, waiters and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 628 Sacramento st. -
9 A MEN TO PE~E_~BARKTSI 25 A CORD; 5 j
._" woodsmen, $.6 and $30, 10 go to-day: waiter !
country hotel, $25 and fare; dairyman. Nevada,
$36 and Lire; 3 farmhands near city, $20; wood-
worker, country, $30 and found; 2 miners, ma- j
chine drill. $3 a day. R. T. WARD _ CO., 608
and 610 Clay st. . .
\\r ANTED— 3 HOTEL WAITERS, $_0 AND
TT $25; chophouse waiter, $20; dishwasher, res-
taurant, $20: man around coal yard. $15: washer,
small French laundry. $25: coos, $50, etc. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton at.
BELLBOY WITH GOOD REFERENCES,
country hotel, $15 and free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN <fe CO., 110 Geary st.
T>ASTRY COOK ANDBAKER AND ASSIST
X on the range, country hotel, $50; second cook
and baker, country hotel, $50; office open to-day
(Sunday) from 10 to li A. M. C. R. HANSEN _
CO.. 110 Geary st.
C~~O. X, COUNTRY RESTAIRANT, $40 TO $46
and room; waiter, same place, $30 and room:
2 waiters for springs, $25; pantryman, $25: bed-
maker.s26; washer, hotel laundry, $35; 3 ironers,
$30 and $35; polisher, $46. C. It. HANSEN _
CO., 110 Geary st. -^_ f
1 Q COOKS FOR RESTAURANTS, HOTKLS,
JO bakeries, boarding-houses, rancheg. harvest
crews and orchards, $75. $00. $50, $36, $26: :■!
dishwashers, $20 and $15; second cook, city. $8
week. MURRAY <fe KKADV, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
] A W AIT ERS FOR SPRINGS, RESORTS,
XU city and country hotels, restaurants, etc , ;tt
$35, $30, $25, and boys at $20 also extra waiters
ior country, fare paid. MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 1 lay st.
rT_A BORERS FOR A MINK, $20 PER MONTH
O and found; fare paid om- Way. MURRAY <fc
R_A DV. leading employment agts., 631-636 Clay.
6MOKI; MEN~OR .•STRONG BOYS TO HELP
lrriirate, pick fruit, etc., for a large company's
ranches, orchards, etc.; 20 woodchoppers for a
mine, 20 tiemakers, 3 milkers. MURRAY _
HEADY, leading employment agts., 634-636 Clay.
Q/' FARMERsToTtCl I ARD AND VINEYARD,
_-U $.0. $25, $30: 5 harvest hand*, $1 50 day
and found: engineer: blacKsmitn. $40 and found;
wheelwright: 20 teamsters' and 20 laborers, city,
steady work, .$1 75 and $1 p-r day and $26 per
month and found: 2 choremen. $15, $-0. MUR-
RAY <fc RKADY, leading employment agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
U r ANTED— BAKER FOR SMALL COUNTRY
™t hotel. $30 and found; blacksmith, country
shop, $50 and found; 3 miners, <5J a month: also
liayinz-iian<i». farmers, milkers, laborers, cooks f
waiters nnd dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st.
ANTtfwbRK ON A RANCH, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutler St.
EC iND COOK, $60: FARE ADVANCED.
HOTEL GAZETTr., 420 Kearny st.
\V ANTKD-RELIABLE MaN~ TO ASSIST IN
TT store and collect ; salary $75 per month : must
be of sober habits and have $150 cash. 777 Mar-
ket si., room 7.
}~sne"rg"etic man wlth"s4(TcaBh can
-i secure steady profitable employment by ad-
dressing D., box 162, Ca'l Office.
YOUNG MAN; MUST HAVE SOME EXPERI-
I ence in dry goods: German preferred. 511
llayi-s St.
ITtONKRa AND MARKERS AT PARISIAN
Laundry, sw. cor. Twenty-ninth and Dolores.
p OOD BOOTBLACK IN BARBKK-SHOP.
"J California and I'evisadero sts.
ANTBMAKKR FOR THK CELEBRATED $6
Anchor Pants Co.. 26 Montgomery st., room 6.
WANTED-' HOOD RESTAURANT WAITER
at 43 Second st.
G^ OOD BAIiBRR WANTEDIImbY. AP-
ply 1604 Laguna st.
p ERMAN WAITER, $4 PER WEEK. 17
\J Washington 8U
PORTER WANTED. APPLY 1211 MARKET
-1 street.
ANTED- YOUNG MAN TO WAIT AT TA-
ble. Central Ho el. 630 Third st.
PARTNER WITH $STJ TO HELP IN
X butcher-shop. 1018 A labama,nr. Twenty-second.
~d_7-in Wl__~_U V A 50-CHAIR RESTAUR-
ttpUV/ ant on Sixth at. Columbia 128 Fourth st.
ANAGER FOR A DRY-GOODS STORE":
first-class clothing salesman: good nat sales-
man; otfice boy who can write a good band, and
some good canvassers In connection with political
campaign work wanted; those holding certificates
in U. s. industrial Agency are eligible. Room 160,
Crocker building.
IV' ANTED-FIRST-CLASS RUBBER-STAMP
•' maker to operate a first-class outfit on one-
half the profits, while proprietor does the outside
soliciting; one-hall or whole interest can be bought
if preferred; cause of change falling eyesight. Ad-
diess H. C. MEYERLE, 415 J St., Sacramento,
Cal.
OOD SOLICITOR, WHO IS WE~L_ AC^
qualnted, for city trade for merchant tailor;
good Inducemcni for right man. Address R. M.,
box 142, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— E X PERIENCED TRACK FORE-
tt m an Apply S., box 17, Call Office, Oakland.
<I_l i)r COOK OR WAITER TO BUY PAY-
t{pX_JiJ. mx chophouae; clears $100 per month.
Apply Call Oflice.
WANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES I
Marine : Corps, U. ■S. n»w, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less. than 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of ? the naval
service offers special inducements: giving' op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal. ■..-•...- ;..'■.„. . ■•■■.... . : -■: -. :•■ i: ....; .;. |
TRONG. SMART BOY TO LEARN TRADE.
Address 8., box 84 Call Office.
WE HAVfcl A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
"T selling at less than 14 their value: cast-off
shoes bought or exchanged. 56- Mission st. ■
"VTKW WALDU HOUSE, 765 M^SION, BET.
xi 3d and 4th— Single iurnished rooms, night 15c to
60c;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room ; strictest atten-
tion 10 morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
LL; MEAT ORDERS SC, WITH COFFEE.
tea or milk. 636 Clay. .
AN TO TAKE orders for printing.
Apply 619 Filberts:. * :
TRY ACME- HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
■ X low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night; $1 a week.
T O DOINGS, 6c TO 15c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
, XJ Continental House, 621 Paclfl , below Kearny.
\ Kl'hllA CUKE GUARANTEED; UK. GOR-
>'V din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
EST IN CITY-- SING' E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night.; $1. $1 26, SI 60 per wee-
Pacific House, Commercial and LeidesdortX sts. :
UOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO »1 50
XX per week. . Oriental, 225 Drummsu •■-. ■:-.-. ; .-■-.
~\\r ANTED— _ABOKERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno Houae proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third at.: 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c.: LADIES. 40c:
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market.opp.Will & Finck's.S.F.
CALK SHOES MADE TO -■ ORDER FOR $2 50; 1
balf-solelng 25c up. ' 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
; Vi _N FEED .MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'J all grocers keep it. , - .-. ■ . ; , : ; -
W E AUK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
TT your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one- half the usual price; done while ; you • wait.
662 Mission at., between First and Second sts.
\k' AM' -. All.:; TO Lr.ARN BARBER
TT trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard.
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY; FOR 1 SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission at., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3; ladles', gents' and children's misfit I and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
HELP "WANTED— Continued. \;":."
W"""'A^T_b^Flß^T^C_A^S^AßßEßS,''__Al;_!
and female, 60c and $1; steady work. •■ 207
Fourth st. ■.-■•; ,-/;. -.••■-.■■ :; : ;■■;■ ;.;-. ■-:■;■■. ■ ■",>■■■;
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' Asso.. 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
L) AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> p. C. Barbers', Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
T) ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment. secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL EMPLOY-
ruent- SeCy, P. C. Hamann. O'Farrell.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CA JJ THINK OF
TT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ f"O., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize otter
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
St.; 200 rooms; best In the city- sing:«> rooms
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals 10c.
INCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD !>T.,XKa"r
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
LCHO HOUSE,, 863^ MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night: SI to $3 week.
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers—clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
X.i sts. ; single furnished nni 76c week, 16c night.
1 I\ A UKiN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 19c
XV'U and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington St.. near Kearny.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: $1
v«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room : dally papers. 36 Clay s_
REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FO-li &c;
J also a her 1 tof '.-f'-r. at ti37 (Ik s:
AGENTS WANTED. *
A'^GENTS "wANTEiT— LAD Y OR Ge"nTLE-
-ci- man: experience not necessary; good oppor-
tunity for right person. Apply at once, 519 sev-
enth St., near Washington, Oakland.
A GENTS FOR FINE BUILDING LOTS IN
-TV Los Angeles. M. SALOMON <fc C<>.. 821 Market.
rooms wanted.
FOUR ROOMS IN QUIET FAMIL\~BY~_fAN
and wife. Address O. H. 8., box 27, Call Office.
ANTED— SMALL FLAT OB 3 UNFUR-
T 1 nished rooms in private family. Address Flat,
box 64. Call.
wanted-biiscellaneous. ~
6^^a_&^d^clT % Tn^^ig^6^~banch;
$300; chicken ranch, $200. T.F. CONKLIN,
office Red Flag, opp. Six-mile House. San Bruno rd.
ECOND - HAND KODAKS, CAMERAS,
0 lenses, magic lanterns and slides. 109 Mont-
gomery st.
KLL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLKIN. 109 Sixth m. : sen.l post—.
BICYCLES.
IC^^KS^sToTs^oTs^sTs^oTG^iD^O^Dt'
tion. 1571 Market st. '
q_"A 1895 STEARNS SPECIAL: NEW
t£!O\J . tires; fine order. 55 First st. _^
JW INFIELD ARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
ECONDHAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
vj order: terms, cash or installment: Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
AC NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE; $45 AND
VO $55 each; half price; few left. GEORGE
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market St. ■
ICYCLES, 1895 MODELS, $25 TO $65. HAM- j
X) iiton Cyciery, Baker st., near Hayes. ;
1., ICYCLES FOR $20/ $25, ;$3O, $35, $40, $45,
I) $50, second-hand. 306 Post st.
1/OR SALE— '96 BTmBLER; WARWICK: IM-
F penal and Clipper bicycles at great gains.
303 Larkin st.
PARK CYCLERY— WHEELS TO __Tf
X beat accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Allinu-r and Powell st. car lines.
FOX SALE-aiiSC—LLAN-iOUS.
o~^^^E7^)O_riETrcOST~si6o, FOB $30.
624 Valencia st.
IPOU SALE— FINE GORDON SETTER PL PS;
T 1612 Stelner at.' i. C. FREDERICKS.
TTPRIGHT BOILER, ENGINE 6-HORSE-
U power: buzz planer; nearly new. J. W., box
9, Call Office.
/-'HEAP, A NEW 10-FOOT AMERICAN FLAG.
v Apply 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
TRRIGATORS, 4 AND 8-HORSE SECOND-
X hand gasoline engines, first-class and cheap-
Address G. E., box 100, Call Office.
LOOP- YACHT— S2OO: 27x11. APPLY STORE
1548 Park st., Alameda.
TpRKSH COW FOR SALE. INQIIRP; FORTY-
JD fifth St., opposite Old Ladies' Home, Oakland.
—3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE <_ CENTRIFU-
gaI pumpattached&so-llghtdyuamo.sl6Mls3ion
UUNTKUS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. ll.li/a Market.bet. 7th <& Bth.
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Kx., 310 California.
I. OILERS. ENGINE.S,2D-HAND MACHINERY,
li waterplpes. - Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beala.
, UlLDlNus BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASH_i I
I I doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SAIALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
lire and bnrs?!.-.r proof safe. 109. 11l Market s:.
TmRE AND BUR<.LAR bAFr,, USTTBR-
-T press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
IM hand. W. S. RAY .Mfg Co.. 12 California at.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
UPRIGHT
(JlOi). Schmltz. 16 McAllister St., next Hl-
bernla Bank.
OTEIN WAY PIANO; $150: OWNER OBLIGED
O to sacrifice it this week. Room 10, Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
\T: iLLiAM g. badger, sole agent for
tt the celebrated Hallet A Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406. bacramento st.
UPRIGHTS SACRIFICED; SCH I.BERT.
Steinway. Weber, Decker Bros. 1019 Van Ness..
\\TEHAVEA NCMBIsH OF GOOD PIANOS
TT and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and.upon exceptionally easy terms. These
instruments have been called in from agents
throughout the coast, in whose hands they have
remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and s°cure i> bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., Steiuway rep-
resentatives.
"LHSHKR UPRIGHT, $125; MARSHALL &
X Wendell. $125: bargains a 1 $150 and $176.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market.
lANOS HALF PRICE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SKL .
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; except'onal opportunity to buy.
Call and examine, 735 Market st.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to no elaewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., Steinway representatives.
STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STERL-
Ingsloo;Ladd $60. BRUEN'N'S, 228 Post.
lANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CKR CO., 933 Market St.
OTEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
k5 at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
A Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
pLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\j small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins, $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3:
antobarps, $1: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
canes for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY 6COTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building.
HICKEKING, KNABK. STECK. VOBE, STER-
ling pianos: see our n°w piano for $187; pianos
;or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. ltt O'Farrell.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.— SOHMKB,
Aewby A Evan*. Hriees nnd other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD ANEW
H. ML'LLKK. maki-r. nnairer. '- Latham placa.
LOST.
lOST —AT TIVOLT~cX?Ei BATURDAY
j eveniug, pair of opera-glasses. Suitable re-
ward if returned to 517 Octaviast.
MALL FOX TERRIER BITCH. RETURN
614 Third St.; reward.
OST— JUNE 25 A DARK-BROWN SPANIEL
dog: liberal reward. 109 Van Ness aye.
OST— GOLD LOCKET; FILIGREE BOTH
j sides, with diamond on front side: $25 reward.
626V_ Larkin St., third floor.
FOUND. , '
QTRAYED ON MY PROPERTY, JUNE 24,
O a red cow with white star on face and white
line on back. Inquire at MRS. CHENEY'S, 232
Lob is St., Ocean View. . - '.■ [■
TjiOUND— COW, FRESH; THE
J owner can have the same by paying expenses.
KAHN & LEVY. Mission road. ,
——————— _______ ____
PHYSICIANS.
'nKTAOVKn^DKc.'C:^ 6*DONN^ELL : TO 1203
.Xt Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. '
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market at.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
■PR FESSIONAL, CARDS.
'ifoHN^^'A^T-aCNANDMAURICE L. ASHER,
v attorneys at law, rooms ■ 510, 516, fifth floor,
Parrott bulldiug. --•-'•■•'■■"'■' ■-: i ~^'--.-'— •■"•■■-"■ ■■-' : - ,
.-.■:. BAGGAGE TRANSFER.
TRUNKS MOVE d72~S CENT- COM UEBdAX
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter at.; .telephone
main 49: keep your checks lor us.
-TYPEWRITERS. , ,
T>EMINGTON, $35:' SMITH. $60; SKND FOR
XV sample work. SCOTT _ BANNAN,3S3Mnt_my
BUSINESS CHANCES.
■\TOTICE— AT OUR BARGAINS.
-Li Saloon, full va! ue. pays well, $276. ■_
Restaurant, clears $76 per month, $450.
Butcher shop, clears $150 month, $1200. _
Fruit store, horse and wagon, $350. -*
Branch bakery, 3 rooms, make offer, $225.
. Barber shop, 3 chairs, pays well, $325. :
Grocery and bar. $275; cheap at $600. _
Corner cigar store, near Market street, $275.
To buy or sell see STRAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
y_~Q;-rv WANTED— STEAD? MAN AS PART-
«ID_-uU. ner in legitimate ■ cash business: old
established: will clear to each partner from $75 to
$100 per month and with help of good man it can
be doubled ; business easily learned and suitable, for
any one wishing 10 make himself useful: no nU;nt
or Sunday work: cheap at $500; see to-day.
STRAND& CO., 917 Market st. ■ ' ■
ROAD HOUSE, ACROSS THE BAY, NEAR
railroad depot: handsomely furnished rooms,
bar, dining-room, pariors and promenade grounds;
finest family and summer resort; weli known as
enjovini most desirable class of patronage: good
bar trade tlie year rouud; this offer never equaled-;
means a fortune in a few years: owner owns the
prope ty; satisfy yourself. STENBERG & CO.,
632 Market St. .
<8i 1 PARTNER WANTED IN* WELL-
«IP JOUU. known express fnd transfer com-
pany; has cream of trade in tuis city; clears $-'00
to $300 a month: proprietor owns his owd proper-
ties, barns, omces, storages, etc.; has 4 fine teams
runniug, worth $3000; one of the steadiest busi-
nesses in this Stale, making sure income; estab-
lished 10 years; grand bargain for active man.
STENBEIiG CO., 632 Market St.
<n> 1 ~f\ CIGAR-STORE; PRINCIPAL THOR-
«IrX«J>U. oughfare: invoice the goods: connected
with large theater: rent only $15: sickness only
reason for selling. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
OAA PARTNER RESTAURANT; OWNER
±j\J\J. lady. STENBERG, 632 Market St.
"dJKiA. BUTTER, MILK A D DELICACY
«Ip«JU. store: thriving location; living-rooms:
new stock; suitable for family. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market sU
I Af\f\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
I _UU. with 31ivin2-rooms, in Mission; rent
$50; choicest location; good cash custom; bargaiu.
WILKE <fe WOLF, 631 California et*
<HT'?rifWl LTVERY, BOAI'.biNG AND SALE
«]p._UUU. stables: partner wanted In one of the
finest places in this city, north of Market st. ; has
27 horses, 20 buggies, rockaway and 25 boarders;
harness, robes, whips, blankets, etc. ; clears $250
per month; owner has too much to attend to;
wants good, active man to take charge of office,
cash, books, etc.: will take part cash, balance to be
paidoutof the business; investigate. GEO. STEW-
ART,J3O2 Market st. ___________
fflj^YcAA cTndy factory and ice
tiJP—JiJUv/. cream parlors, situated in one of the
liveliest and best towns on lhe coast; elegantly
fitted up and successfully run for 25 years: will
invoice about $3000: this is the only first-class
place in town; cheap rent under lease: thorough
investigation allowed: this is a bargain. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Marke; st.
$*>CA SALOON. BEST LOCATION; RENT
_-«JU. f3O: lease: actual value $800; great
bargain. W ILKK, 531 California St.
c>(»AA PARTNER— FINE-PAYING ESTAB-
<Ir UUI7. lished business; a rare chance for the
right man; object for taking partner to enlarge
the business; will give trial of business. T. LU-
BELsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<&9nn partner in a business; if
«Ir _jUU. you Investigate will interest you. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hail aye.
<gj7^. A LOl'G ING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS; FUR-
<lp I O\J. nished elegant; finest locality: cheap
rent; all the rooms full; 1 paying well; investigate
this rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<J_f-r CIGAR-STORE-SEE THIS FINE BUY;
<IP I O. rent cheap; locality good. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye.
©f»CA CORNER grocery AND BAR ON
tJpUtJI/. Pacific st.; good business; death in
family cause of sale. WILKE, 531 California st.
HILL, ROOM 34, DONOHOE BUILDING—
■ Real estate and business agent.
Delicacy-5t0re............ $200
Stationery and cigars $450
General business store, fine trade. $800
Excellent paper route $150 >
Chemical laboratory. $-)()00
I Stock of poultry ranch, low rent $350
OA| \f\ SALOON IN VERY BEST BVril-
<i{P._l/\JU. ness location, with large patronage;
kept by owner last 9 y>ara; rare chance.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
SA LOON ON MARKET ST $700
Restaurant; $20 per day 150
! Grocery and bar: bargain 1.000
Corner saloon; best in city 1,600
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
(J_CXAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
iSOO\J\P. clearing from $250 to $300 a month:
, large stock ; best location; owner going to Europe.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
pESTAURANTON MARKET 5T..... 7 $200
XI Saloon, north Market st. 2,500
Lodging-house, 60 rooms 2,000
Hotel, three-story. 12. 500
DEMING A CO.. 737 Market st.
$_£.£. A CORNER SALOON WITH CIGAR
tjpU«JV. stand; transfer point, Western Addi-
tion. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
©OAA MAI KKT-ST. CIGAR-STAND AND
«!/ — U U. cli brooms; must be sold; low rent.
BARRETT, 1125 Market st.
! CjOA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVING-
<3SOV/. rooms: low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day.
BARitKTT. 1125 Market at. - . ■..■-■. - |
fI>DA CIIOPHOUSE AND sHORT ORDEHS;
«350V-'. receipts $7 day; low rent; . great bargalu.
Barrett, 1 1_5 .Market St.
40 1 ?\fH » SAMPLE-ROOM; NEAR MONT-
<rp LOU' .'. gomery at.; established 20 years:
doing good business; stock alone worth the
money : owner to retire. WILKE <_ WOLF, 531
t California st.
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly. HEALY <5t CO., 23 Kearny st.
fl_l 7~C LADIES^ GHA ND CHANCE—
<Jp 1 tO. Branch bakery, etc.: 6 rooms, furniture
Included; on account of departure. HEALY, 23
Kearny st.
ffliQ'A RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-SA-
tJpOUU. loon, Polk st., clearing $75 per month;
owner in other business. HJ ALY, 23 Kearny st.
qj-iOA/k corneTsTloos with cisar
liT'X— iUw. stand on Stockton st. doing large
business: famil- affairs ca! s owner to Kast; in-
vestigate at once. WILKE A WOLF, 531 Califor-
nia st.
UJj*_»KA BRANCH. BAKERY AND DELI-
-«JpOUU. cacystore: well worth $500: daily re-
ceipts $8; 3 iine living-rooms; rent $15; great
bargain. SKIFF A CO., 921 Market st.
I RANCH |BA~_ERY^-arU ST^ SELL: YOUR
' price Is mine. HEG ARTY. 1004 Market st.
TiOR LOST OF FIXTURES— ESTABLISHED
T paying restaurant, between two carliouses;
steady trade: rent $17; living-rooms attached;
don't miss this chance. 3279 Mission st.
t~OR SALE AT A BARGAIN— THE PARISIEN
steam laundry, SW cor. Twenty-ninth ;;nd Do-
lores sts.; will give lease of house and lot or will
sell half interest.
PART.NBR IN CASH BUSINESS; LIGHT
X work: $60 a month and board guaranteed;
$225 required. Inquire or J. .MEYER, 40 Clay st.
djji OC EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
<JpX_i«J. on account of sickness: good stand;
clearing $80 month. Apply 205 Larkin st.
QMALL BUSINESS. CHEAP; PA RTNERB
O cannot agree: no experience required) small
capital. Apply 2 days 415 Moiigoinery st., room 7.
VOR SAKE— CORN KR BATTERY ANI) PA-
X cilicsts., saloon and lunch; has good business.
CnJl and see it.
©19K COFFEE AND CHOPHOUSE FOR
<ipi-~0. sale: same hands 7 years. J. COLE,
606 Howard st.
T/iOR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SINGLE
T teamscomplete: stand cor. Sutter and Sansome.
$f^\A RESTAURANT! GOOD LOCATION:
ilpOU. just place tor man and wife. Apply Call.
VIXK I-IXTURES oF~r7RX)C_fRY W ITH 3
X; living-rooms. 830 Howard st. ; rent $25.
OLD-COPPER MI.VKS; SPLENDID BAR-
gains guaranteed: 1 rich gold looe, only
$3300, wor^h $1 5,000 : 5 gold minei. $.2,1 00,
worth a fortune, large leveloped properiv; 7 koIJ
mines,2 mi l.«,big payer, $165, 000. worth $50(),(J00;
the biggest copper mines in lhe United states:
1000 leet wide: 8 to 15 per <ent copper; 2.000 000
tons in sight: only $225,000: worth $5,000,000;
other gold and copper piines cheap: easy terms.
Room 19, "J3O Kearnv St., CHAS.F. BLACKBURN.
ORNEIt GROCERY AND BAR, WKJLL
stocked: (ioing : ice business; low rent; will
sell cheap .39 Grove st.
T/OR SAL -NICKOLAS H 'TEL, OR EX-
X change for city lots. Cor. San Bruno road and
Army >t.
P.A CHAIR RESTAURANT ON >IXTH ST.;
OU only $60. Columbia,* 128 Fourth st. V> :
'^1 900 A FINE FITTED UP GROCERY '
<IPX_JUV. and bar; everything new; living
rooms; low rent; giod lease. Box 9, Call Office.
f ADY PARTNER WITH $150 IN ESTAB-
Xj lished paying business. Address J. A., box
124, Call Office. ,- . ■ • ;; :
IpOR SALK-GOOD BUSINESS, WITHISTOCK
and fixturts, suitable for man and wife or 2
ladies; rooms back of store. - 610 Post st. "
$3000 FS^^A"L"F-i^TE"RES F in a man-
tgOUUU ufaetunng business. 328 Bush, room 4.
ft ALO . N « r _ >r * , SALE; $175: BUYS VALUE
O for $300; finely located. Call room 40, Chron-
icle building, or 3u9 Tnird st. '
\\r ED-COBBLER; NO CAPITAL RE-
tt red. Apply a, box 17, Call Office, Oakland.
"ft 700 . ON i : FIKST - Cl ' TRADE:
<JD IVU, in main thoroughfare; elegantly fitted
up: fine stock: 4 years' lease; low rent: taking
$18 day: Immediate disposal; genuine bargain-
apply direct, no agents. L., Postoffice, Santa Rosa!
RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS;- SUNNY'
* rooms; no agents. Bush and Pierce sts.
' OMAN WAN'IS PARTNER IN A RESTAU-
ranu Apply Call Office. - <■: , .■?■?. * ;
GROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER COR-
VJ ner. Apply this office: no agents. • -j .' .-
-n ROCERY FOR SALE; GOOD location-
VJ low rent; reasonable: living-rooms attached.
• all , a _, room 40 onicle : building, or on prem-
ises 1022 Howard at- ».»-_.
VINE CASH MERCHANDISE BUSINESS;
X adjacent to his city: capital $5000; satisfactory
iMI Office' sellin 8 " » sacrifice. Owner, box 21,
Call Ofhce.
ALI)i.>TAKLISHED CORNER SALOON IN
\J the best part of the city : good reaaona given.
Address A. 8., box 62, this offlca.
iS*2OO FO £ SALK FOR WOOD REASONS: A
tip — v\j. good paying commission and fish stand
business. Address B, F. A, Heaidsbur_, CaL
BUSINESS CHANCES—
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS,
XX new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well
lighted basement: centrally located, y% block N 01
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For furthei
particulars apply to S. SILVERBISRG, 320 San
some st.. room 39.
1 ARGE KICELY FURNISHED DININO
Xj room and kitchen, Sutter St., near Taylor, ii
exchange for board : none but reliable • personi
need apply; good business opportunity. Addreai
C, box 12, Call Office. , ■
BARGAIN IF SOLD BEFORE THE IST-
Cozy home; 6 well-furnished rooms. 620
Larkin st. ■ ; '■'...
pLACKSMITH SHOP, TOOLS, BUILDING
1 > and large stock: fine established trade. Ad
dress B. S., Windsor HeteL
LD ESTABLISHED LOAN OFFICE FOP
sale; $4000 required. Add. Loan, box 153. Call
j Tad OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNEK'
Xj $25 capital. t Room 2, 12 Mason at. *
fl_~Q7jl~A BARGAIN; WORTH $160: CIGAI
<JpOU. and candy store. Columbia, 128 Fourth
<J_ CA.f\(\l\ BUYS a .BUSINESS PAYING VEB
DUUU 100 per cent profit. B. C, box 9, (all
\\T ANTED— CIGAR-STAND NORTH OF MAR,
TT ketst.; must be well located; state localiti
and selling price. Address J. M. C, box 67, Call
1 ROCERY AND BAR; 2 FURNISHED LIV-
V.X Ing-rooms just 'the place for man and wit's
no reasonable offer refused. Apply Call Office,
"TTERY REASONABLE; ONE OF THE BEST
V dye worksiu the city; perfectly equipped: lod|
lease; v ery low rent; artesian well; central loca
tion. Particulars, branch office, 619 Valencia.
AVING 2 RESTAURANTS— ONE CHEAP
trial given. Apply 1241 Market.
RANCH BAKERY, CANDIES, CIGARS AN!
XJ tobacco, laundry office. 317 Va O'Farrell st.|
OR SALE — INSIDE EVENING PAPEB
route; price moderate. Apply 426 Eddy, fore
I noon.
ANY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHI
for cash : city or country. M., box 2. Call.
OOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room '_
OOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
\JT close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $.0,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. P.. box 137. Call Office
LODCJING-HOUSES _OK SALE.
"S^^7T^iTß^OM[s7lED^Y^T?^A7_L^PE^i
Up OO\J. <fc CO.. 602 Market st.
I/? ROOMS; ONLY $550; POWELL ST
ID SPKCK & CO., 602 Market at.
C A ROOMS; BOARDING-HOUSE; CORNER)
OK.' any reasonable offer. SPECK & CO., 60J
Market st. . .
I 1 -BOOM HOUSR, IN PAYMENTS.... 815«
II 22 rooms on Market st $t>OC
40 rooms, worth $3000, price. $15U»
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200...' .-..51801
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to $500 C
Apply to DECKER, 102 1 Market.
1 1 A ' 7 HOWARD— SMALL LODGING-HOU.SB
X iv_ for sale cheap. ' .
O RENT —15 WELL LIGHTED ROOMS
suitable for lodging-house: $25. 644 Sixth st.
T ODGING-HOUHH, 19 ROOMS, ALL RENTE!**
XJ fine location. Address E. E.. dox 67. Call.
OUSE 26 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS
$1000; rent $65: water free; or will exchange
for city or country property. 439 Jessie, nr. Fifth
WO LODGING-HOUSES: 16 BOOMS; ONLY
$200: clear profit $40. 859 Mission st.
00 WELL- i-URNI !!!■ Ii BOOMS: FULL)
-SO low rent: price $575. Inquire srocery. 40 6th,
LODGING-HOUSE* TO LIST."
000 VAN NESS, COlt. GROVE— 44 ROOMS,
_O_ arranged for lodgings or hooskeeplng.
ni:xiii.;t - v>i. -j.ii-JK.
"T/IRhr^ALhi ~*~~*~~^~*^~~ ~ ~^'
X 1 Prices stand till goods are completely dia
posed of.
Oak bed seta $18 5C
Bed lounges 8 0<
Stoves .; 7 fit
Carpets, per yard 6f
Linoleum", per yard ..:... 6!
Matting, per yard 1C
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we arc conducting busineai
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. X
NOONAN. - ' .
1/iLOOR OILCLOTHS.. ......$ 21
J Engll h Lin01eum.......;.. :..V 89
Brussels Carpet ...............;...;■..... 42
4-room outfit, solltl oak 75 01
>HiRKKi-»HIREK, 747 Market st. .
.URNITURE OF 7 ROOMS AT A SACRI.
1 flee; owner sick. 133 Seventh St.. cor. Natoma.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or _ooJ
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
A(\l\ CARPKTS: CHAMBER BETS. $11:
_V/U stoves, $5; parlor Eets, S2O: foldlne-bedi.
FlO; h.-d- onnees. $7. T. P. .MCCARTHY 113 4:h.
I'CRNITURE WANTED. 1
IF YOU WANT GOOD "p'UICK.S FOR F URN I-
ture and merchandise nee unto, 211 Larkln.
JC. MUTHhR, AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALI
. fornia st., corner Kearny, pays best price foi
furniture and merchandise.
M ALONE PAYS M PER CENT MOKE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth m_
KFORE SELLING YOUR : FURNITURS
send for Simmons Auction . Co., 1057 Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTEH, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 761.
CARPET CLEANING.' ~
ONEaT~Co7 CA^FCT^CIIEAJJINa^ANO
renovating works. | Main office 35 and 27 B£a.
/CARPET CLEANING, 3c.: LAYING, 3c. : RUG
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 Bth st.
rl:at .WESTERN carpet-beating
works; latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay.
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDINO's Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
/ IONKLIN'S CARPET -EATING WORKS. 33i
V.' Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
i STEAM. CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, rr.er. Te'u South 250.
ARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATE-
Iike new. FERGUSON _ CO.. 23 Tenth; taU
South 36. .D. MACKINTOSH &CO.. successors.
1 >:. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO.. 24J
0 . 14th st.; cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: U>\. south 225.
_ OK-ES. '" - ( .
r 6T~WA3sT^G^JoiriiO^S^A^rD^W_S
on or hand cart try 869 Mission st.
OOK— FOR SALE: VERY STYLISH SAD.
J die-horse: kind; 16 hands. 143 Bartlett st.
T^OK SALE— BUGGY HORSE 5 YEARS OLD;
X regular pet; can make 3-mlnute salt; lady 01
child can drive him: also harness cheap. Apply
NE. corner Pacific and Larkin sts. y:
ILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION AT 64 j
Geary st.. July 2, 1 gray mare, buggy and
harness tor board bill. jC. R. MARTIN. - ; .
x\r anTed — stylish" horse, about 18
TT hands high; must be gentle and able to trot
within 3 minutes; name price. H., box 17, Call.
p OOD STRONG RELIABLE DELIVERY
\J horse; $-0; a bargain. 159 Second st.
T E1BOLI) HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
X_l of ' good • harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for l< ss money than on can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister St.. s. K.
1 c A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
XO\J ness, all kinds; wagons, boggles, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission si
CAA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
OXJVf ness: all kinds: buggy. waeon, carts, surrey
_rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af_ HORSES Foil SALK~- ALSO WAGON'S.
— U bugeles, cans, harness: Grand Arcade Hor.*a
Market, 3-7 Sixth si. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day.- SULLIVAN & DOYLE. > in-ione»r^.
UK>t-< PASTUKKD: sTn ■ ..iii ( .IR__-
lar. Tin- ■ ; -de Kanrh. liXu ■ .mt'niprcisl at.
WA_ON3 AND CARRIAGES.
DOUBLE EXPRESS WAGON, BUSINESS
cart, cheap; horse and liar:. ess. 1620 Mission.
1 HORSE AND tXPBK.-S WAGON FOR
sale; together or separate. 1128 Foisom st.
LOR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FIN
JT carriages of every desc Iptlon; cosh, notes or
installments. Carviu Mfg Co., 46-48 8:h St., S. F.
SLIGHTLY SOIL«D DIUV:.N'n viLOVKS;
samples, H. M. HKINKMAN, 109 sansome su
VTEW AND SKCOND-HAND BAK-RS', LAUN-
i" dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. - ,
• STORAGE.
W"~lTw^A3^T7rs^oißir4^o~TONT^TßA"w IV
San Francisco or near by. Address 410 Market.
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture, etc. SHIREK& I XXX, 747 Markeu
T ARGE DRY BASEMENT WITH HYDRAU-
XJ lie sidewalk elevator. j Apply 823 Market.
TTi _. ROONEY. 7"-2 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X .reduced rates: basement storase,sl 50 per load
URNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; IF
J vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR.2O4 Post.
OWES RATES-FURNITURE, PIANOS,
household goods, etc. J. M. I'«erce, 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO.. 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building-. Kastern plan.
SEWING ; MACHINES. .
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. "SOLD. EXCHANGED,"
XV rented, repaired : lowest ratwa. -US Fourth a.
TO LEASE.
rpo LET-^SEC^N^^bXOO^r^b^3^riPOWEß
X or without; brick buUding. .. 145 _e*le st.HOUSES TO^IjET.
TTOUSE OF 12 ROOMS; $40. 32 GROVE ST.
•I 91 Q LAG UNA, BET. EDDY AND ELLIS—
I —J- O Bay-window house, 9 rooms and bath:
.large yard; house In perfect order: modern in
every respect; warm and sunny; reduced to $35.
MADISON <t BURKK.
mo LET-FINE HOUSE. WITH ABLE; 8
1 rooms with bath; $40; water free; will rent
without stab c. $33 60. Apply at 618 tell St.
I 00 K AT 9-RUOM HOUSE. 26 FKANKLIN
Xj st., near Market: $35 with water; cheap rent.
'71 1 SUTTER ST., NEAR TAYLOR— VERY
I XX choice; elegant; .spacious: reasonable.
APPRECIATED IFSKt-.N: »29Vb SUTTEK,
-». near Jones: choice for doctor or ' dressmaker.
rpo LET— A HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
X fine basement; rent $25 Apply 353 Grove st.
ffl« 99 P. A 1607 JACKSON ST., WEST OF
<ipfii.uU. Larkin; 2-stor»- house Of 6 rooms.
bath and basement: in perfect repair. Apply
BUKNHAM & MARSH CO., fl'-'8 Market St.
TO LET-SUNNY RESIDENCE SE. COR.
X Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and bath; flue
view. Apply H. MEYEB, 929 Broadway.
TO TWO-BTORY iIOTSK~OF 8 ROOMS
and bath. 1223 Golden Gate aye.
JpO KENT— S3S; WARM BKLT: MISSION
X Nob Hill: cor. Liberty and Dolores sts. : band-
some Eastlake house: 10 large rooms and bath ;
perfect order; large garden. •
©90 HOUSE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, AT 326
Q— U. Polk st.
QPLENDID 8-R»>OM HOUSE: 3553 TWEN-
O tieth st., bet. Valencia and Mission;' see it:
very low rent. ■
OUSK-A ICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
>! ontgomery s;.
KIHMSHKD HOUSES.
TO RENT FOR SUMMER MONTHS— WHOLE
or part of large furnished house In Santa Cruz
Mountains: beautiful situation. Address H. GER-
ARD. -^y land P. 0., Wrights, Santa Clara Co.
/•-ROOM COR. HOUSE. OAKLAND, STABLE,
\.t lr.rge lot. $:-'(). Apply Dentist. 10 Geary st.
COTTAGKB TO LKT.
COF ~4~ROoSfs; r"sT~UILK~FOR~4
. horses; cheap real. ISO 3 Baker St., nr. Geary.
r->1 LOTT— COTTAGES ROOMS AND BATH;
• —A garden in front; rent $19: owner, 111 Van
Ma aye. - .• •■
OZY SUNNY COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS, BATH
V.> and yard. Metcalf place: key at 418 Geary st.
SUNNY COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS. KEY AT
1923 Union st.
QQ CA •COTTAGE: FLAT, $11 BATH:
.'J\J. large private yards; cheap. 1123
Vailejo st.
_______
Ct OTT AO X OF 8 1 O.MS; BATH; GARDEN:
> yard. 'JS24 Misslo-i at.
FIK.MSHKI) FLATS.
UNNI? S^toISoIP^FLAT^ NICELY Ful£
0 nished; piano, bath, yard; Mission warm belt;
every convenience: reasonable to responsible
party. Address Flat, box 32, Call.
FLATS TO LKT.
SI -'nnV FLA'F"6f~4 ~ Vo^MITAirD^ATH;
cheap. 806 Olive aye., oil Webster.
FINK FLAT; 1039 GUERRERO Sl'., NEAR
Twenty-third; 4 rooms, bath, laundry; also 3321
T wenty-tirst si., near Valencia, 3 nice ma. batb,
basement. App'.y BALDWIN _ HAMMoJND, 10
Montgomery st.
KE IHE>E BRIGHT, COZY NOB HI-L
flats: 6 rooms, bath: marine view; rent reason-
able; "2.8 and 10 Hanover place, off Sacramento,
below Mason: key corner Mason; large dwelling.
XTPPER KLAT OF 4 SUNNY KOII.MS: RENT
J $10 to a small family. 311 Harriet St., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh, near Bryant; waterfree.
tJPPER FLAT; 6 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH.
> 18 Guy place, off First, between Folsom and
Harrison.
c 99 SIXTH— 4 ROOMS. HALL, FOLDING
*'— — doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced. $12:
also 5 rooms, bath; large yard: rent reduced, $12.
IAQ7 EIGHTEENTH— 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
tttJOl bath; $11 ana $13. •
1 OWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS. APPLY 121 SIL-
XJ ver St., near Third. '
JJ.IA REDUCED: UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS.
«J*XU. yard. 1614 Lea venwor.h au
ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEIN ER, NEAR
Geary— 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $12 60. Inquire 1911 Geary st.
*> LAi iUXViiS. YARD THIRTEENTH
0 St.. above Valencia.
AY-WINDOW FLAT, 6 ROOMS, BATH;
rent reasonable. »25 Howard st., near Fourth.
Ql ' DOR OFF BRYANT-A flat "OF
OXO 4 rooms; $9. Inquire 319.
VICE SUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS IN GOOD
J-> oraer. 2241* O'Farrell st. : rent $12 50.
ITPPKR FLAT: 4 SUNNY. KOOMS; BATH;
) $16- 521b Shot-well st.
1 I t*\ FULTON— LOWKK FLAT: ROOMS,
J. J-O^ batn:nciir new (.it- fall; SlO.
* _1 j 178 NOK, NEAR MARKET — ELE- I
» _ I*J . gant lower flat; 6 sunny rooms and bath.
mo LET— FLAT 4 BIG ROOMS; $10. TWEN-
X tleth and Folsom sts.
• 1 »JA, CLARA —HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND
■ X— 0 yard; $12. ;
r-Q EIGHTEENTH— I NEW" ELEGANT
rkO i O flat; 5 rooms, batb, yard and cellar.
"XT JS W BA Y-WXK DOW FLAT; 4 ROOMS. BATH.
JA yard; $13. 3037 Twenty-second, nr. Howard.
UNNY UPPER FLAT 4 HO MX: YAttD. 62
Norfolk St., near Eleventh, off Folsom.
T/"LATT ROOMS, BATH; LATEST IMPKOVJE-
-T men:s; corner. 737 Hayes st.
Lj AY-WINDOW FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND
I' bath: all modern improvements. 647 Steven-
son St., be;. Seventh and Eighth.
<2»1 7 hI.Ki.ANT NEW MODERN SUNNY
»J»I i . flat; Brooms: bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
near Twenty-fourth.
' »»/• TENTH-SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 6
__U rooms; b»th; modern improvements: yard.
I PLATS 3 ROOMS EACH: YARD: BASEMEKT.
J 123 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third 3;.
CITY HALL: FLATS 4 AND 5 ROOMS.
-> 149 Grove st. and 127 and 716^ Ivy aye.
-1 Cl I (1 A POST— S ROOMS AND BATH. FUR-
-1 Ol'./ tmhed or unfurnished; only $20. Apply
on premises.
1619 c Post— Rear: 4 rooms: nice and sunny $10.
1318 Natoroa— 4 rooms; »12. •
_1 •_> UPPER FLAT, 4 LARGE SUNNY
«IPXO. rooms. 728% McAllister st.
T OWKK BAY-WINDOW FLAT. 5 LARGE
I i rooms. 30% Moss, off Howard, near Seventh.
_*JO 135 ASH a vi-;.; OFF VAN NEBS,
»£)_._. Uu, nr. McAllister— Flat 6 rooms, bath.
TTvESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOM™
XJ with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and lioueh; rent, In-
cluding water, $42 50.
NSW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH: $12;
—i water free. 529 Ivy aye.
rtc\r»\ MCALLISTER— FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
I —Da bath; sunny side: rent reduced.
C2»l A 4-ROO.M UPPKR FLAT, HALF A
tjiU. block from Third and Mission. Apply 16
Grant aye.
0 TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLaTS AND COT-
it tages. from $6 to $20. SPECK <& CO., 602
Market st.
LAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
1 rent by BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st. , __'
OWhR FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
J 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; son all day ; rent $14: water free.
LEU ANT NEW FLATS. Si-.VKNTH ST., BIS-
Jh low Brvant. 6 and 8 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
V - V" 1 MISSION— TOP FLOOR; NICE HOUSE.
XOl 4: keeping; 3or 4 rooms; bath, yard, laun-
dry, basemen
A' » >VEe;K : S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— TKS
A WF.EKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing-
' JaOU&KKKKPIXi KOOMS.
"~^ Capp Street.
Pr fT CAPP — 2 OR 3 COMPLETELY FUR-
\jut) pished rooms for housekeeping.
""' Kddr Ntreoc.
on EDDY-ONE FURNISHED SUITE FOB
„ t/ light housekeeping; clubroom or doctors.
£.ill<i >'irt»et.
000 ELLIS— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
tJ«jU keeping rooms, in rear, $12; also single
rooms. _• ' '
rff\( ; ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
l\J\) complete for housekeeping.
_- j 2l1 _ ood Street.
6ELLWOOD, OFF O'FARRELL, BET. POW-
ell and Mason— B unfurnished; quint family:
key a% Kllwood st.
' " ~ ""Veil Street.
Cf»/( »BIX- ■ SUNNY ROOMS, HOUBE-
OU'± keeping, $10: 3, $15.
* mil .street.
991 FIFTH-VICE FURNISHED FRONT
__ 1 rooms with kitchen for housekeeping.
iuinoni .Stre«:.
1 f\A ( ) FOLSOM-FOR KENT, 2OR 3 SUNNY
1 U __ bay-window rooms for. light noosekeep-
lajt, or suitable. for aor 3 young men.
.Fourth Street.
AQ7 FOURTH-yUKMSHKD ROOMS FOR
rjjJ I housekeeping: private family.
* e««ry Mi eoi,.
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
_ I i 3 unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
Haight Street.
C%A HAIOHT— a CONNECTING FURNISHED
_tr rooms com plete for housekeeping, $14.
Harrison .Street.
7QQ HARKISON-THKKE noUSKKBKPrNO
1 OiJ rooms: hot and cold water: yard; $13.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOHS - Continued.
Howard Street.
iq]C HOWARD-THREE UNFURNISHED
J-OIJ rooms; light housekeeping: use bath and
laundry: no children: rent reasonable.
"I 7^^ HOWARD— 2 OR 3 PLEASANT COM-
X i %JO piete housekeeping rooms; morning sun;
cheap to right parties. ■ _
Ivy Avenue.
OrjQ IVY AYE., BETWEEN HAVES AND
OUt/ Grove— 2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms: stove, sink: $9 a month.
Jackson Street.
Q9A JACKSON ST. -FURNISHED FUNNY
t7— \r front housekpg rooms ?7 to $9; single, $4.
Kearny Street.
1 f\d KEARNY— 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
XU-± and bath, with gas: $20.
'Larkin Street.
Q9ft LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
<)—• VJ keeping aptmts; Ist floor: gas, ranges, bath.
->nim» Street.
A ' A MINNA-2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
—U_ for housekeeping; separate entrance
•T AU MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
*J'±VJ housekeeping; large yard.
ji.Rulon ItWek
Q9KI MISSION— SUNNY ROOM. KITCHEN,
1/— exclusive bath and porch: other rooms.
Q_ r MISSION— ROOMS ISH ED
«.*t:c) complete for housekeeping.
1 AiJO MISSION— PARLOR FLOOR SUITA-
-IVJ —O able for doctor or housekeeping.
<_ Q TO LET— 3 ROOMS AT MISSION
tjDO. street. ' ■
Mew Montgomery Street.
IA-XBW MONTGOMERY— C HANGED
1 l'») hands; clean front housekeeping suites $8;
back $7. '
. . Ninth. Street.
OA NINTH— FRONT SUITES: HOUBEKEEP-
■-VJ ing; 2to 4 rooms; stove; single; gas; also
232 Klghth st. ■
Oetavia Street.
1 AAQ OCTAVIA, CORNER GEARY— FUR-
XttUO nished sunny bay-window; connecting;
cheap.
o'J-u'. I S>treet.
_O1 O'FARRELL— j OR 3 COMPLETELY
jOI furnished housekeeping rooms; also parlors.
Polk Street.
Q-\ Q POLK — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
t/XO alcove with kitchen complete for housekeep-
ing; new carpets and furniture; cheap: bath, gas.
1 7H9 1 POLK - COR. CLAY— SUNNY HOUSE-
X i \ ' —•> keeping and single rooms.
Prospect Place.
190 PROSPECT PLACE— I? URNISnED
1 — O single or double rooms for light housekeep-
Ing from $5 to $10: German family. '
Scott Street.
1 (it A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 SUNNY UNFUR-
-1 UJ 4 nished rooms; bath; garden; cellar; from
$16: call p. m.
seventh Street.
•I rrr SEVENTH — CONNECTING ROOMS
LO I and large rooms for housekeeping from $8
nix •
Sixth Sreei.
91 O\ SIXTH — NICELY FURNISHED
_ l U2 front room, with kitchen; rent reasonable.
9Q I SIXTH— 2 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEP-
ZiJi ing; «7.
A 9Q SIXTH— BABEMKNT, 3LAHGK ROOMS,
*t— i'Jyard, $8; furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms. •
=9Q SIXTH — _ INK N IBB KD SUNNY'
*)—. •-/ rooms with cellar, for man and wife: $6.
Stevenson Street.
A cyr STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND 6IXTH
O —First floor; very convenient. Apply
within.
(\A C STEVENSON, BET. SEVENTH AND
Ott_ Eehth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath; central.
Stockton -street.
O(\f\ STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY. NEAR
—-".'»/ the Emporium — 2 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; references.
Taylor Street.
IHQ TAYLOR ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
lvO sunny rooms for housekpng: also front rm.
Tenth Street.
1 9Q TENTH— SUNNY ROOMS COMPLETE
a —»/ for housekeeping: private family; cheap.
1 iiinl Sr tee
/-IOr.TO.v HOUSE, 220 THIRD— BINGLE
\J suites, light housekeeping, $5 up; brick build-
ing: yard.
QQ/f THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
OOi keeping rooms; rent $6.
Turk Street.
"I "I TURK - KIEGANTLY FURNISHED
X IO suites, single mis: light bskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street.
1 Q^l TWELFTH— 2 UNFURNISHED HOU6E-
XO i keeping rooms: closets, sink, range.
Van Ness Avenue.
AO VAX NES3— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
_ U_ for housekeeping; one front, sunny; cheap.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY
furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Miscellaneous.
"DOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING: $1 50 PER
XV week. Keys 8 Anthony st.
A WEEK'S NEWS~ FOR 5 CENTS — THJ»
-f_ WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
BOOMS TO _— T.
bush street.
707 BUSH— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
I — I also single; lltiht housekeeping.
1 I (\7 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
1 IUI rooms, gas. hot and cotd water; bath.
* uuy street.
1 I Q EDDY-SUNNY, NEWLY FURNISHED
110 rooms, $6 up: 2 light housekeeping.
r -1 f\ KDDY— LARGE WKLL-FURNISHKD
c) 1 U sunny front parlor; reasonable; private
family.
tOn'EDDY — LARGE UNFURNISHED,
oO\j cheap; also furnished, from $1 up.
-> iicnth iityssu
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUKB, 2« BTH
0 »;.. near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
1 "I ) EIGHTH— 2 FURNfsHED ROOMS SUIT
I .1— alee for man and wife.
X...i« street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
Jt lights In every room; reading-room contains all
daily papers; open all night: rooms, per night, 35c
tosl 50; week. «2 to $3: month, $8 to $:o:flre
escapes; elevator on office floor 1 r'ms for families.
rpHK RAMON A. 130 KLLIS: MRS. KATES.
X HART, manager— A quiet boose; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
OSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
X\ at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all nl^ht.
099 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
• >—— CALHOUN, prop.— Ftrst-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
Fifth Street.
991 FIFTH— FURNISHED FRONT
*__ 1 rooms; reasonable-
I'lafyM t»«>..
HA OBARY, NEA ft KEARNY— HANDSOME
front suites; single rooms, also first floor
front window oflice: everything new.
C 1 Q -ELEGANT ROOMS FOR OF-
OXO flees, suites and single; sunny; bath; all
conveniences.
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
I handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
uOlttM i.ate Avenue,
r"I n GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT,
OJ-O sunny rooms su table for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
drove Street. 1
1 AX GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
iUJ front room, $7; back, $5.
Hickory Avenue
m HICKORY AYE., NR. GOUGH-LARGE
front room, furnished i $H.
Uuwuril Street.
rrr\ i HOWARD, OOR, THIRD— FINELY
I "4" furnisnea suites and rooms, also house-
keeping
Te'flO HOWARD-3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
XOU- rent 88. ~
1
•i on tin »'re»t.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
I suite: also sunny alcove room: private.
«>/»7 .'OM-'.H— IUU, VAN WJMKLK: NKW
£d\J I manaxemrnt: elegant' snnny suites and
single; iiftvly lumished: bath, etc.; SI" to sag
i*«i.rnr hti'««..
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 137 KEARNV -
:\ pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable,
\\r E HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
W Rental and Tourists* Guide, 839 Kearpy st.
~~ Leaven worth street.
2 ROOMS FOR GENTLE—EN : $5 AN $8.
ill 0 Leaven worth st.
I LEAVENWOUtH-SUNNY'PARI^ORS;
111 private house; gentlemen only; references.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 189 G.
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
.Mark*:-, street. " ' •
707 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED,
tOt pleasant, sunny rooms; very reasanable.
oHTTm AKKET ST.~rCOR7~STOCK:TON — ELK-
OOVJ gantly furnished; en suite or single; day,
week or month. . . ■ :
"OSEMITF. HOUsK. 1045 MARKET — PER
I night, 36c to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BETWEEN
Mason and Taylor— Large sunny rooms, $7 per
month.
—iniia >rree*. ' ■
O(>n MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week. .
>aioma Street.
(TOO NATOMA, THIRD FLOOR— UNFUR-
ODO nished bay-window rooms, also furnished
rooms; very cheap.
Oak Street.
Qfl^ OAK-UPPER FLOOR: 3 UNFUR-
OUt) nished rooms and bath; reasonable.
arrell street..
A(\f*l O'FARRELL— WLY FURNISHED
rt\J\)2 front room: bay-window; use of piano. i
COO O'FABRELL - NICK FRONT ROOM;
«J— «_> private family; gentleman; reference. - ;
Q9Q O'FARRSLL, FIRST HOUSE FROM
t/_t/ Van Ness— Furnished rooms; private fam-
ily: reasonable.
Polk street.
1 P\99 POLK— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
1>)_ _ suites: single rooms; light housekeeping
privileges. ■--; ■ • T -•'.
1 AH9 POLK . >*K. SACRAMENTO— SUNNY
J Uv'— < from: also 2 unfurnished housekeeping.
Post Street.
C(\Q POST-LOWER PART OF HOUSE TO
DUO let; 3 rooms and kitchen. :
71 C POST-FURNISHED OR UNFURNIBH-
I It) ed sunny rooms to rent: gas. bath; central.
SacrauioMto Street.
1 POO 3 SACRAM_\iO — NICELY FUR-
j. OUt/ nlsbed room.
Sausonie Street.
ZUM KAISERHOF, 816 SANSOME ST.. BET.
Pacific and Broadway — Fine gunny rooms,
newly furnisned, $3 per month and upward; house-
keeping rooms.
Shotweil Street.
n't O SHOTWELL —'2 OR 3 SUNNY FUR- \
IJXO nished rooms: warm belt; no fog.
Silver Street.
SILVER-3 ROOMS, ALSO 2 STALLS IF
— O desired.
builiMrfe,, T .; .?
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
cozy housekteplug rooms and single rooms.
9_9 SIXTH— LA RGIC FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
— ~i±d able for '2 gents, $7: small room $4.
.south Park;
c a SOUTH Park — VERY DESIRABLE
O\f newly furnished sunny rooms; bath, gas. etc.;
reasonable; private family.
gutter -tr^oi.
r.f\(\ SUTTER, COR. POWELL — SUNNY
i)vu front suite of 3rms; furnished or unfnrnd.
c-J _ SUTTEK— LOViS"LY SUNNY BOOMS;
<J i i new and handsome furniture: bath, hot
and cold: very cheap; front suite for doctor's office.
(\l\"l SUTTER — HANDSOME PARLOR
UUI floor of 3 rooms: furnished; also sunny
suite. ' - -
Ifi-lU SUTTER— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I _O private: gentlemen: reference if required.
1111 GUTTER —NICELY FURNISHED
XXX 1. rooms; suites and single; also house-
keeping. .
1 1 aCj SUTTER, COR. POLK-FINE SUNNY
XX*±O furnished rooms; reasonable; light house-
keeping: transient. -
ICi I 7 »UTTER— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
IDI I for a middle-aged lady.
'laylor .Street.
I fv9 TAYLOR— LARGE, SUNNY OFFICES
1 VJ—. for doctor or dentist; also others; reasnable.
1 fVQ TAYLOR — SUNNY SINGLE RUOMS,
Ivy si 25 a week; large double rooms $2 week.
C 90 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
i>_— ny rooms; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable.
Tenth Street.
1 Or: TENTH— LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
J —^«J room, gas, bath. $9: 'mail one, $5.
IiOAKDING AM* KOOMS.
IvT<^SL^NNY~Fr6ntT[o()M WITH BOA^ID
i> for 2; $30. 231 Sixth st.
71 (\ GEARY ST NICELY FURNISHED
I lv sunny rooms, with board; reasonable.
7I U post— laruk front hOOM; RUN-
I I<J nlng water; board optional ; private.
QQ-1 GEARY >T.- NICELY FURNISHED
t/_tr rooms with board; $20 to $30. Telephone
east 958. - " ■ -
F n.l VAN NESS —su TE OF PARLORS,
uU_ gMI table for couple, or doctor; single rooms:
board optloiihl. ■
\\r ANTfcID-2 YOUNG MEN TO TAKE ROOM
'» and board In private club; references ex-
changed. Addrees T. R., box 58, Call Office.
1 fifit SUTTER (H ORN ER) — SUNNY
XVVJX suites and rooms; good table. MRS.
STANFORD.
/COLUMBIA HOTEL— D. BUcKLKY, FOK-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy St.; meals 25c.
mHE STEWART, COR. E1.L13 AND lea y k
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suite* or single.
O'ir-1.. BtKILI.NU, 714 i-LBH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
en> ronvpnlonco*. ». •
CHILDKKN KOAKDKI).
T> K OT E ST A N T COU PLkTn'mIS S IO^Two FID
X like 1 or 2 children to board; good home; best
care; can give reference; $8 per mouth. Address
Home, box 64, Call Office.
felonies Tij jL_r. ~~
OpHFLTiioTFrTo^MT^R^HirN^r^^
X window display on ground floor. 817 Market, st.
~~~ OF*' l TO LKT. -~ —
QHcfT^AN^^oT^u?TEiwclimcTT63r^
O_t/a rices aud residence combined; reasonable.
1 Q7H MARKET-FRONT OFFICES: SEC-
XO 1 \J ond floor; new modern brick; reasonable
terms. • ■■ ■ ■■
SPRKCKKLB BUILDING, fIU7 MAKKKT— '
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
_______ _ ._„_
MKUiIAL
MR°. J. A". A C A R DT M"I W lFfcl— H O M KI N
confinement; 25 years' experience. 855 Mis-
sion st. • ■■ . ■ . ■ :■,..■
R. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
IJV6 Market St.; private and chronic diseases,
lost manhood and female troubles.
BLE&SING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well:
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Hlberula Bank:
consult free; French regulating pink pills $3;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. v. and 7 to 9 p. m.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, iNSTKU-
nient or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed :
If you want to be treated safe and Hurt vail on a
man's physician. DR. HOPPKR. 318 Kearny st.
LADIES, CHICHESTER'B KNGLiSHPENN Y-
rorat Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other, send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladles." In letter by re-
turn mail: at druggist's. Chlchester Chemical Co.,
Pniladelphla. Pa. - *
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RS-
A stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home in confinement: r*"cular graduate
physician: 30 years' snooessfol practice f MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time,
and expense; consultation free and confidential. '
MRS. PH. WYKTH, 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
TNStITUTE Of PNEU jCATOPATH V FOR
X healing and instructions; 2729 Jackson st,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write for
oar "New Methods"; the poor healed free., '.■
R. PENA CHECKS IT IN Ui, HOUR-);
prompt relief; successful treatment; diseases
of bo(.ti sexes a specialty. 7 Grant ay ■. . =
ADfEB, CONSULT" FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
_ Si 1H Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for we I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated.
RS. GOODWIN, IUSKAJiK OF WOMEN a
.tpeciHl.y; 11 excel ed in restoring irregularity
or Other conditions; home In confinement: best of
care: low fees; pills $2. Removed from 1370
Marlrit st. to 904 McAllister St.
MRS. D R. EN KB T A KES LADIES BK-
fore and during confinement; Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. ■ 419 Eddy st.
IjRiVATE HUMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
TF IKUKOUI— R OR any FKMALE DISEASE
Xsee MKS.DR. PUKTii and be content. 264% *th.
SURE CUKE FOR ALL FKMALE DISBiASBS,
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed! by
MKti DX. OWYKK, 828 Turk st.
DX, &.ALL. i* *lCALLll*i*;« kTKEKT, SUA.U
;jon»"s. r»ifPases of women and children.
a'LPKAU'B ""FRKNCH" pills— a " BOON. to
IX. ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger:
safe and sure; $2 50 wxpress C. O. D. ; don't del*/
until too late. OHUOOD BROS., Oakland, CaL
PERSONALS.
JEDERER'S-THE PLACE~TO~GIOT THE
i best hair-dressing in the city for 25c; first-class
switches $1: Lederer's "Quinonia," the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. 11l Stockton St., nr. Genry. -
SOMETHING NEW— BEAUTIFUL FACES—
Why ? Because our remedy removes all su per-
nuous hair from the face without the slightest
pain: it acts only on the hair, leaving the skin
smooth; come and see us . and be convinced.
PROF. HALE, 315 Ellis st. ■ : .
RS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47.
1 i CARDS, *1 60: SHOW. CARDS, 15c:
I ' 'UU tei. Black 141. HILL. -22 Geary st., r. 39.
JIM LEE, FIRST-CLASS CHINESE LAUN.
dry. 1913 Bush st.
ORNEK LOT CHEAP FOR CASH; 50x100;
\J good bargain. Call room 14, 995 Market at.
ADY, STRANGER IN CITY, WISHES
business partner. 122 Post St., room 2.
RS. DR. MIRANDA, CHIROPODIST— THE
Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room _ city. ;'
ADVICE FREE; IJIVOKCK LAWS A SPE-
s\. cUlly ; private: no charge unless successful; all
law soits. claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. H.W. HO\VK,atty-at-!aw. 860 Market st
UITB TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
_ guaranteed parties, $16 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company, l 117 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cation on Saturday. June 26, and resumes work on
Monday, July 13. For particulars aldresi 424 Pine.
SURE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
: worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mail for 25 cents. Address P. .O. box
2053, San Francisco. Cal. -
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. <fe Kearny.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught In six weeks: competent gradu-
ate* guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
C\ LOAKS, CAPES A ND SUITS RETAILED AT
\j manufrs' cost. Factory, '20 fransome, upstairs.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.:
fine e<Tge put on razor for 25 cents.
11BK— AL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
J elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKKMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason at. ; open evenings,
LECIRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM | ■
Jill Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SbTROZYNdKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
T)IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COL.MA.N. 41 So. cor. Je<sl».
CLAIKVOYAJfTS.
pITANA~THB" G YPBy!
VT This remarkable woman has jost arrived from
the Orient aid promises >>arveloiis developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony : she reunite! the separated
and causes speedy 11 d hupp marriage with the
one of your choice: all unfortunate ones should
seek her advice; office hours, 9toBp. M. 8 Turk.
ME. POKTKR. WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
•nt, curd-reader, born with a douDle veil and
second sight; ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
A ED-MRS. HANSON READS HEAD
JA. and calm, also cards and tells past, present
and fnture. 17 Fourth St., room 7. »
"\l ISS HEL.EN.DE HAKCOURT, CLAIRVOY-
i<I ant and medium. 110 Sixth st., room 10.
MMli. RAVENA HEADS LIFE FLUENTLY:
businessadvlce-.names given up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 'J6c;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 6 Seventh.
Me. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium; guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: mater'alizei
before your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. LEGEITE: PRKSENT. PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstair*, nr. Fourth.
MB. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
Infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City: greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st. Hours
9 to 8; elevator.
\i MJS. MOP.EAU, BKST MEDIUM; REVEALS
i»l past, present, future: '25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE^f FROM CKADLW TO
the grave;, fee *5 cents. 914 O'Farrell «U
ME. A KNOT, BKST FORTUNETELLER I.V
tbe world: 50c and $1, shows you the Dictureot
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
ETURNEU. WOKLD-RKNOW.VKD MM K.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
rif g»nt and future: rrlcea moderate HSH Mission. .
SPIIUTUALIS3I. :
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 * UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living I
M us. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this '-oust in the ten years past, is j
again at her old office-*, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal- who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole lire revealed; success
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless; the
separated are united; the Kick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, who
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what -failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" . (registered and copyrighted) cure I
every disease Unit human flesh Is heir 10. and no :
matter of bow lon* standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment oy man Is always most sue- ;
cessful and satUfacory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEK $1 & UPWARD! :
MRS. DR. A. I). HOWE,
13-0 Market st., on p. Seventh,
. . San Francisco. :
KM. DR. W. .MIRANDAS,
The celebrated spiritual median , gives $1
discount to air her patients who return this cou-
pon; she desires to make known her wonderful
power over the sick, troubled and filleted: your
life described from cradle to the grave; gives yon
success and happiness; diagnoses from lock of
hair; letters with stamp ans.; sittings $1; hours 10
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st,
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MvRKKT ST.;
seances every night except Mondays and
Tliursdavs; independent slate writ ins, materializa-
tions and trumpet speaking: private sittings dally,
$1: chairs for seance, v sc; grind developing circle
Saturday nights: hours daily 9 to 4.
DDIE SWAIN'S DEV. CIR. POSTPONED
to Tuesday evening: 25c; both sexes. 14 Mo
Allister st. • , :
CV. MILLER'S LAST SEANCE TO-NIGHT;
•8 p. M. ; 535 Post; leaves for Europe June 30. :
DDIE SWAIN (MEDIUM), PSYCHIC PHY-
slclan; Indies only: no fee except gift: circle
Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays. 14 McAllister.
MRS. KATE HOSKISTK TRANCK ANBBUBI-
ness medium: sittings daily; $1. - IH6 Onkst.
~" " ASTROLOGY. ~~
M"n?mc^^s^oL7H^Y-VRoFTH^wXirfrs
Vital remedies remove nil chronic troubles and
restore to perfect nealth. 311, Hyde st.; 10 to 3.
ME. : DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
.yrs. Kearnr. now 92P I'ost ; fee $1 : letter $2.
~ : "'yi>i)OATioyAL.' ""
RBL^_VVILXE^SNVD^RT^rrr?O^T~S^
vocal music: piano; elocution: practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe-
cialty; vocal dames Monday 8 p. if.: $1 a month.
LOCi:iIO"N. - DRAMA. DKLSAK'I-, PHYSI-
iaI culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 iiydest;; call after lf.M.
8~~ OWEN'S "ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley: special classes lor the universities.
KALD'S BUSINESS COI,i,MiK, *24 PUS. t»T.
XX ' Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
PIANO lessons! 56c~HOUR. MR. WATTS,
X 218 Golden Gate aye.
A,l U3ICIAN FROM LONDON GIVEN LESSONS
Ii in singing: $4 a month. 854 Mission si.
pROFESSOR i. MA 1 1 1 1 ... , TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, hacjo. 1707 Mar ■
VfIUHT SCHOOL; HEALD'S "hUM.CoI,LI-.GE;a4
— I Post:conimercial. shorthand, English: low rates
"OOOKKKfcPLNU BYTARR: ONLY ACCOUNT- |
X' ant teaching; Vs time and far more practical j
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
"_ TTEND STIEHL'S COLLEGE, 728" MARKET
A. St. The .-.very .best individual instruction;
20 trial lessons In Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manshlp. Typewriting, etc., $1; books free. . •-.
OOKKPNO; WHITNO, ARITHMTC. GRA MR
(lay A nleht: noclassos: $5 month. 845 Mission
GUITAR .MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 mo- MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
JOHKPH" GRKVKN, VOIOK-IMPKOVKK. "82
Ninth st. -■ -•;:'. !; r •-■'■■■■- '. . • ' ■ .."..: ? • :--.
PANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CABTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w.; $3 m. Mate b1d,.r.37.
PaNIHH. FHKNCH, HERMAN MODEKATB.
Melsterachaft School Lan«ruas«s, I'2-J O'Farrell s:
YKES', THE LKAOISU SHORTHAND COI^
lege, 325 Montgomery st.; Individual I Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
iJKLA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL Of ACTING—
Xi Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsal
on ttsge, - K. 6 and 12. 1.0.0.y. block. 7tl» and Mitt.-
OCHOOL fcLKCTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, illi-
O chanlcal engineering, snrvevlng, architecture,
SHliav: ««m>». 84. VAN I'»KR NAILI.KN, 7aHMKS.
.- ; HOTEL TO LJSABK.
TO LET— THE wr~IELL~HaUSE~, 317-319
. Bush st.: this well-known hotel. is thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved: compares wita
best 2d-class hotel in town. MADISON & BURKE
CITY REAL ESTATE.
©700 EACH. ""
<$) i VJVJ $50 CASH.
:•■.•--• $10 MONTHLY.
Cheapest lots in Richmond; 11th and 12th ayes.,
bet. Lak ■ and Caliiornia sts. : fine level lots, *25x
I*2o each; streets graded, sewered aud macadam-
ized: near tbe California-st. cars and Sutro's e.ec-
tric road; only a very few left.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
•■ -... 10 Montgomery st.
ÜBBT.VNTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $275 a room: call and see
plans.' JAMES McCONAHEY. 1149 Mission St. '
IpOR ALE— SS9 BRYANT ST., 25x80. 15
: rooms; lot on 25th st., bet. Diamond and Doug-
lass, 80x114; lot on NW. cor. College ami Dwight
sts., 100x120; 2 lots on E. line or San Bruno road,
near 15th aye., -2. x 140: 2 lots on E. line of (dates
St., 125 N. of Crescent aye., 50x70. Will be dis-
posed of by forced sale. Apply J. B. LEWIS,
438 Montgomery st., or. of Sacramento."
BUSINESS PROPERTY FOR SAL*..
D -1 Confirmation sale of valuable property before
Judge Slack on Thursday, July 2.1896, at 10 a. m.,
situated on the southwest corner of Twenty-fourth
and Bryant sts.. 130 feet on Hryant, 100 feet on
Twenty-fourth. Inquire of SHADBURN£ &
HERRIN. 415 Montgomery St.:
Oil fin lU\f\ TO LOAN, city, at 6*: also
©XUU.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate, in probate, small or large sums.
SHAIN W A LD, BUCKBEE _ CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. ' :
VVNKRMUST LEAVE CITY: WILL SELL
great sacrifice for cash: SW. cor. Folsom and
21st sts., 95x90 ft.
THWEST 20TH AND TREAT AYE., 25x
i 5 110 ft. _____
ALSO 50x100 FT. N SIDE PAGE ST., 37 FT.
from Bhrader, bet. Shrader and Stanyan sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
fit* *>-| A A COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
«D^l\'vf. on lot 60x122, near station; terms-
easy; $400: lot 40x120; $26 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
AN RAFAEL; LOT WORTH $BUOO FOR
$1600; nicest lot in town: 75x130; on accepted
street. J. R. KOCHE, San Rafael. •
IfOR SALE— VALKNCIA-ST. CORNER AT A
1 sacrifice. Apply to owner, KELLY, 102 Eddy.
HEAP — ONK 2-STOKY HOUSE. LOT; 7
\J rooms; bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tuDes: stone walks.
On Waller St.. tir. Stanyan, V:. block «■>■ ('ate Park.
COUNTRY KEAL KSTATE.
PORTLAND, OREGON, FRUIT FARM:
X For sale— 2o-acre farm in high state of culti-
vation; seven acres are planted to American vari-
ety of grapes, namely: the Concord, Diamond,,
Eaton, Moore's Early Women, Niagara, now full
bearing; several hundred large red gooseberries;
half an acre planted to cherries, pears, apples,
prunes, plums; one and a half acres planted of
Fay's and cherry currants; new five-room hard-
finished; one and a half story house, heated by
hot water; a barn: wagon-shed; new greenhouse,
25x52; good well: fine water; windmill and run-
ning water the year round; mis place is on a good
level county road, four miles from Portland city
limits and eight miles from center of lortland;
price, $10,000, or can tie iivided into two 10-acre
tracts— the tract with building, $6000: the other,
$4000; three and a half acres of grapes on each
tract; it is divided by county road; terms are half
cash, balance at 6 per cent. Address FREDERICK
LINO, Fulton P. 0., Multnomab County, Oregon.
<IT» *_>9AA~ 40- AC RE LOVELY FAHM~NEAR
<lnO<£U\.". town, all In grain; cood house, barn,
4 cows, 600 chickens, etc. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
TO IIt.NT-FAR.vI OF 200 ACRES; FULLY
equipped: cheap. Address D., box 66. Call.
CAN IT HE TRUE? WE GUARANTEE IT;
800 acres in 40-acre trac's: no better In the
State: good climate: abundance of good water;
near railroad: near town: level; title perfect: $10
per acre. J. T. DUNN, 112 Montgomery st.
Q»Q£in./Y 320 ACRES FINE LAND NEAR
i&dOVJVJ. Reading: fine fruit and grazing;
plenty wood and water; exchange for city prop-
erty; pay difference.- I. C. SIHaKFF, 20 Mont-
gomery.
1 A ACRES— LOS GATOS, JUST OUTSIDE
XVJ city limits, east 1 milefrom I'o.stotlice; most-
ly In French prunes: half In beaiiug; choice fam-
ily orchard, containing over MM) varieties of fruit,
and abundance of berries and 30 varieties grapes;
completely furnished house, hard finished, 6
rooms, bath, storeroom, windmill, barn, carriage-
house, good family horse, bu?>;y, 2-seated surrey
and new phaeton, chickens, chic ken-house and
all farming utensils; place in very finest order;
possession given immediately. Address box 361,
Los UatOH, Cal.
~A~LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC '
-I\~ tat in the State; selling in tracts. 5 acres up-*
ward. $36 per acre: adjoining lamis'held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell; 1 Vi hours :rm S. F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building.
T IT T HOMES. ( !LOSE TO TOW lil-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINS, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market s:., S. F.
TIFULHOME; 175 ACRES FOR SALE
JJ at a sacrifice: land is situated in Monterey
County overlooking the bay of Monterey; line im-
provements, stock, tools, etc., go with the place;
2000 fruit trees, fine water and climate. 1 For fur-
ther particulars address Owner, box 33, Castro-
vine, Monterey County, Cal. :
T,""RUIT ORCHARD — 10-ACRK TRACTS,
-T fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
for men by tbe year: women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. ■• Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda. : .
TfARl N COUNTY— 3OOO ACRE« 26 MILES
I*l from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 10 $75 per
acre: terms to suit. .Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. .
ENDFOKOIJK LISi 1 ORCHARD HO.MiiS
tor sale, WuosTKR # WHiTToN. an Josa.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United Slates or Canada one year for $150, poet-
ait free.
PROPERTY WANTED.
A^fTX^CTTVoFfo AK LTn S P^OPKRTV-
for that lovely 100-acre farm at Nlles; price
$6500. with horses, cows and tools. SPECK &
CO.. 602 Market St.
ANTED— CtTY PROPERTY FOR FRUIT
'» and poultry farm at Petaiuma. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st. . -
\\T ANTED — GOOD-PAYING INVESTMENT
»» bushiest property between Market, Jones and
Geary sts., S. V.: must pay 5 percent net; outlay
$40,000 to $50,000 cash. Address Cash, 633
Hobart St.. Oakland. »" v •
"I/OR 1 RENT -CHOICEST LOCATION IN
'Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant ion;,' term. bee
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkelfr.
PKOPKKTI TO fcXOiiAJNUK.
"1 OO|i ACHES TIMBER LAND, KEKN CO.:
i_OW water: flnefnrcatMe-rnlsing. N..ox.l6.Caii
MOMiY to loan.
BvanTesondiamondB.jkv\f.lry, etc
Columbia Loan ft Collateral OfQce, 9 Grant aye.
A DVANCKS ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
xv jewelry, also oa furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market St.: open evenings.
OANS WITHOUT INTEREST UP TO $20
j on good security. Labor Exchange. 226 Clay.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
pst per month for each $1000 ; same rate »ec
ond mortgage or life insurance. ;-.' Coin, box 2, Call
MONEY LOANED ON JKWJtLJtIV ANU
I'J other valuables at the Security Loan OCice.
1106Marketst..iir. Mason: private entrance 7 Turf.
.ANY AMOUNT: IST, 'ill or 8D MOKTtiA'iK-i:
Jtx. estates, undivided interests, real estate In nro-
bate. McCOLdAN. «4 Montgomerr. room 3.
1 \IRECT ON YOUR FUKMTURK OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. Donohua bldg, 1170 Market sv
ST it 'il> MOIiTUAUKS; INTI'JKKSTS IN K.+
tates:lt>wP!it ral"s;nn I V.I'HV.HgM Mrlc>.
I'A U'MUItOKEUS. ■
~*Z t' 126 KEaKXY BtT.""iuM>m""9^MONKy"
•i*. loaned, watches, diamond*, etc.; low rates: prl-
vate rooms: elevator: pieilges 'or sal > cheap.
-_^— —-_———_ - — -
T^rRST^CLASs" DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASH
T prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
____ CM., M.D., 600 Sutler St., corner Powell.
I K. t>UCKETI, 170» riivi' M ., NEAR kiU-
XJ ennnan; ens Riven : frown and bridge woric. :
DX. T. EXTRACTION PAINLKS^,
crown work, bridge work and teeth wlthon:
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aw
<_-' A SKI' FOR TKETH; WaUKANTED AS
tip I good as can be made: Hlllna $1, Dr. SIMMs,
dentist. 930 Market st.. next Baldwin Theater,
I IK. LUDLUM HILL,, 1443 MARKET HT..
XJ near Eleventh: no cbarge for extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 600; gas given.
1/ULL i>Jß.L\\jtf T&b'l'ii, $7; '- WARRANT— I)
X 1 rive years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY, ■>. '. sixth st.
XT OF TKKTH WITHOUT A l'i.A'l'_ Vli.. ii.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si.
1 \R. GEORGK W. LEEK. THK GENUINE
'XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or. teem
nituout any plate, moved from 0 10 20 O'Farrell sc
TJAINLKHS " hXTKACI'ION. 6!) c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; lSveart'
experience. R. L. WaLsH. D. U.S.. 815 »4 Geary.
/ OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. «Ud M.A.A-
V ket M. DX. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
;nn» live.— Open evenings •. Sunday^ till noon.
"" --;• ATTOKJSKYS-AT-LAWT ; ■ „■• ,f
A ally; private: no charge* unless successful: all
suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. U. W. HOWE, r.tt'y-_t-law. 850 Market.
v W. king, attokne"y7at-law. CHRON-
. iuls DldKt advice free; moderate: open evngs.
T K. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
J. R. K. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate, offices 608 California st.
Til J. MURRAY, ATI"V AND COUNSELOR AT
X. : law; advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
\IT • W.DAVIDSON,ATTOItNEY-Ar-LAW,4aO
»T . California St., rooms 14 and 15; «td vioa freo.
''
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL KSTATK.
NAP— 3 ACRES; FINE SHADE TREKS;'
house of 6 rooms: barn: chicken- houses: fine
well and water: 3 minutes from electric cars:
price only $2100: terms If desired. Fruitvale Land
Company, Frnitvale station, v '-■''
"T) ESIUENCE, LARGK ROUNDS IF DE-
XV sired. barn, etc. Address Property, box 11,'
Call Office. ■
(jjji " (l n new MODERN 5-ROOM HOUSE.
<$)XO\.l\J. high basement, 100 feet land, near
High st., San Leandro road: easy terms, or trade
for Oakland ■ unincumbered lots. 702 Telegraph
nve., Oakland.
UST BK SOLI) CHEAP; NOW IS THE TIME;
Fruitvale, 1 2 acres land, full-grown orchard;
good house and outbuildings; spring .water; just
the place for poultry: see owner on place, June
MS or alter. C. B. RENO, Diruond, Alameda Co,
Cal.
OAKLAND HATS TO LET.
m»"i 0 nkmTUodkr n" 7^s^^flatsTno
<pXO. dark or inside rooms; stove in kitchen:
dumbwaiter; water and ash-man free; central:
near Adeline ; station : apply at once. -A. H.
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
ARGE~~SU^NY BAY-WINDOWEb~'TFuIC
nished room: 3 minutes' walk from local
trains. Apply 577 Eighth St.. Oakland.
MA Rl POSA-MRS. KMMA H. ADAMS—
Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class' table board. 566
Eleventh st., near Jefferson, Oakland, al.
T/10URTEKNTH AND CASTRO— TO LET.
X 1 with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st. - ■•
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
SUNNY~ FUIiN [SHED PArTbOlTs^ WITH
piano; also single rooms, at 522 Tenth St., Oak-
land.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
alameda KEAL ESTATE.
■\,f ARCUSE & REMMEL, CONTRACTORS
I*l and builders. Bay-street station, Alameda, . j
Cat., telephone 2. ■ '
$-J2oo— s-J5 cash, $20 monthly: 37:6 frontage:
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450-$25 cash, $22 50 monthly: 63x117; cot-,
tace of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 36x100; sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
No cash: $25 monthly; 87:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250-6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots. -
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
Oil 1 (\f\ LOT 60x190: STREET WORK ALL
{[pXIUI/. done: beautiful location; one and
one-half blocks from station; 13-room house to
rent unfurnished; finest location In Alameda, cor.
Central aye. and Benton su T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park st.
IN ALAMEDA — NICELY FURNISHED 6-
room house; bath: garden: yard; very cheap to
right party. J., box 24. Call Office.
<Q*f*rW|O BEAUTIFUL NE W MODERN
<4pUUv/U. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms: Central aye.,'
one nlock west of Park st. ; It - will surely please
you: investigate: terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth st.. Oakland.
AHOAIN— SI3SO; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms: $350 cash;
balance $13 85 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMKDA HOUSES TO LET.
cTrENT— NEW COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern improvements: lawn, flowers. 1430
Ninth, bet. IM as tick and Enclnal Station. Alameda.
UAYWABDS PROPERTY.
ACREsTTT MILE FKOM" HAyWARDSri
acre fruit, new 5-room modern cottage, good
new barn, well and pump, chicken houses for 300
hens, pigeon yard, etc., 15 minutes' walk to elec-
tric cars: price $1800. P.. WiLBERT, Hay-
wards, Cal.
31 ACRES, ALL OUT TO APRICOTS, Jf'ULu
'$ bearing, ly* miles from Haywards; price
$950. Call on or addres P. WILBERT, riay-
wards, Cal. " .
ittltßKLlil' li_AL _»TAT_.
fOSEP H J. MA SON, real estate and
0 insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
/"! OOD HOMES FOR RENT OK FOR SALE
VjT on rosy terms. O. G. MAY _ CO.. real estate
nnd bullflin?. '21'2:< Center St.. Berk"lev.
proposals^
P"~roposaX^for^^fu^nishTn^Thydrants
X for use of the Fire Department— Office of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County of
San Francisco. June 23, 1806. - >
In accordance with Resolution • No. 14.588
(Third Series) of the Board of Supervisors, bids
will be received in open board ou MONDAY
AFTERNOON, June 29, 1896, from 2:80 to 3
o'clock, to furnish 500 hydrants, more or less, for
use of the Fire Department, as per pattern 10 be
seen at the Corporation Yard of said Department.
Said hydrants to be delivered" from time to time as
required at the works of the manufacturer from date
]of award of contract to June 30. 1897. All gates,
bends and valves to be of- San Frao-'+sco manu-
facture, and all hydrants manufactured and de-
livered under the contract to be approved by tbe
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department prior to
their acceptance.
NOTlCE— Bidders will state a price per hy-
drant for which they will deliver the same com-
plete, wit ii the understanding that the contractor
must deliver such number of hydrants as required
and called for by said Chief Engineer, from time
to time, without extra charge from the price bid,
payment therefor to be made on the reception
and approval of the hydrants as furnished here-
under.
' The party to whom - a . contract is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the ex-
ecution of the contract to pay the cost of adver-
tising this notice in three daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facilitate
the award the board has resolved to receive no
bids unless made upon blank forms prepared by
the committee and a certified check for the sum of
! $500 deposited by the Didder with and made payable
to the Clerk of the board, conditioned If the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded, and If the
bidder shall fail ur neglect, to pay the advertising
charges, execute the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six days after the award is
made, then and in .hat case the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
• JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
LtliAL >OTIC_S.
TN THE SUPERIOR COURT, CITY" AND
X County of San Francisco. State of California.
Department No. 8. JULIA DE ANDANY,
plaintiff, vs. ANTHONY DX ANDANY, defend-
ant. .Action brought in the Superior Court. City
and County of San Francisco, State of California,
and the complaint ll' eel in said City and County of
San Francisco, in the ollice of the Clerk of said
Superior Court.
The people of the State of California send greet-
ing to ANTHONY DE AKCASY, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an action
brought acainst you by the above named plaintiff,
in the Superior court, City and County of San
Francisco, state of California, and to answur tbe
complaint filed therein within ten days (exclusive
of the day of service) after the service on you of
this summons— if served within this County; or If
served elsewhere, wlthtn thirty days— or judgment
by default will bo taken against yon, according to
the prayer of said complaint.
The said action is brought to obtain the decree
Of tbe above entitled c< urt dUtolving tbe bonds of
mammon v heretofore and now existing between
plaintiff and defendant upon the ground that
defendant has been and is Kiiilty of willful deser-
tiou of plaintiff: and upon the further ground that
defendant has been and is guilty of willful neglect
of plaintiff, all of which will more fully and at
large appear in the complaint of plaintiff, on file in
the above entitled nctlon. 10 which said complaint
express reference, in that behalf, Is hereby made,
and for costs of suit.
And you are hereby notified that if yon fail to so
appear and answer said complaint as above re-
quired, said plaintiff will apply to the court for
the relief demanded in said complaint.
Given under mv nand and seal of the said
Superior Court, at tbe ( ity and County of Han
Francisco, State of California, this 2d day of
June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and mnety-six.
rseal.] C. F. CUKRY, Clerk.
ByJOWKPH RIORDAN, Deputy Clerk.
UEU W. TOW'LK JR., Attorney for Plaintiff,
608 California St., san Francisco, Cal.
V^OTICE Tv CREDITOR B— E STATE OF ELIZA
1M R. HILL, deceased. Notice Is hereby ffiven by
the undersigned, admin s.rator of the estate of
ELIZA R. H I LL, deceased, to the creditors of and
all persons having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit niem with the accessary vouch-
ers within four months after the first publication of
this notice to the said ndministrator at the office of
M.S. TAYLOK, City Hall, Alameda. County of
Alumeda, State of California, which said otjice the
u:iders : fjned selects as his place of business In a'l
matters connected with said e-ttate of ELIZA R,
HILL, deceased. GEORGE A. HILL,
Administrator of the estate of ELIZA R. HILL,
deceus d.
I in : M AI anierta. May 29, 189 H.
MARUIAUE.S— MAMS.
[Birth, mamncre ani death notices sent b? rniu
will not be inserted. They must be handed In v,
either o( the publication offices and b* Indorol
with 1 lie name and resldenoa of peraous auiliurisjJ
to iiuve ilia stuuu published.
IIORX.
CORNELItTS-In this city, June 27, 1896, to the
wife of Hamuttl Cornelius, a son.
HEYMAN— In his eirv. June 28, 1896, to the
wife of J. Heyman, a daughter.
HUNDT— In this city, June 18, 1896, fco the wife
of H. J. Hundt, a daughter.
KOCH-In this city, June 28, 1898, to the wife of
G. T. Koch, a »on.
LOVE— In this city, June 22, 1896, to the wife of
W. H. Love, a son.
DIED.
Arnstein, Pauline Johnson, Nellie
Bricker, Joseph A. Larmer, Arthur G. H..
Calvert. John Lee. Clarence H. J.
Chase. Mary A. McCormlck. Julia
Collins, Michael McGowan, John
Conlon, Bridget' MoJtalß, James
Dora.' 1, Mary McWilliams, WilHsmA.
liunster, Isabella F. Macdo.mld. Helen C.
Fernandas. Father M.F. Meagher, Daniel
Gomez. Mrs. Lonisa Myers, Andrew
Gordan. Patrick G. Sheehan. Veronica
Greene, Joseph R. Wallace, D. Flossie
llumian, Mary Wedvig, Michael S.
Hampel, Helena We! sh, Magdalen
Heureu.v. Edward Wes:. Kate
Irene, Emilio Wynii, Watkin W.
ARNSTEIN-ln Fuerlh,' Bavaria. June 27, 1898.
Pauline, beloved mother of Eugene, Albert and
Ludwlg Arnstein. Mrs. M. Cohen. Mrs. S. Ehr-
rannn and Mrs. L. Ehrmann, and sister of H. L.
Simon.
BRICKER-In this city, June 28, 1893. Joseph
Anton, youngest and beloved son of Anton and
Rosa Bricker, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
mouths and 25 days.
CALVERT— In this city. June 28, 1896, John
Calvert, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years and 7
months. [ New York and Cnicago papers please
copy.
*3" Friends are respectfully invited to atteni
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at
1 o'clock p. m.. at his late residence, 31 Pleasant
street. Interment private. -
CHASE— In this city, June 28. 1836. Mary A.
Chase, wife of C. F. Chase, and mother of Charles
0.. Louis 8.. Christopher and Alexander Chase
and Mrs. Ellen Lundbolm, a native of Sligo,
Ireland, aged 58 years.
*3~Notieeof funeral hereafter.
COLLINS— In this city, June 27, 1896, Michael,
beloved husband of Minnie Collins, a native of
County Corn, Ireland, aged 45 years.
*3-The funernl will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from bis late
residence, 1361 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Ometery. . •
CONLON— In this city, June 27. 1896. Bridget,
dearly beloved wife of the late Patrick Conlou
and mother of Joseph Conlon, cousin of Bartley,
Thomas, Katie and Mary Lee, Mrs. Noonan and
Mrs. J. G. Grant, and niece of the late Barney
Lee of Vailejo, a native of the parish of Kill-
roonan, county Roscommon, Ireland, aged 41
years.
a3~ Friends and acquaintances and members of
the Third Order of M. Francis of St. Anthony's,
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
THI4 DAY (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. M..frcm
her late residence, 205 Bartlett street, thence to
st. James Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. . interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DORAN— In this city. Jnne 26. 1896, Mary, dearly
beloved wife of James Dorau, and mother of
James, Annie and Nicholas Doran and Mrs. Nor-
msn-Woodbecß, a native of County Wexford,
Ireland, a?ed 65 years 10 months. [New York
papers please copy.]
Friend anil acquaintances are resoeet-
folly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her lato
• residence, 1028 Capp street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
. brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock a. H.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUNSTEK— In Oakland, Cal.. Jnne 28, 1888. Isa-
bella F.. beloved wife of John Henry Dunster,
and mother of George W.. Franklin J., Thomas
A and Irene Dunster, a native of Chicago, 111.,
aged 37 years and 8 months.
ANDES— In Oakland, June 25 ,1896, Father
Manuel F. Fernandes. pastor of St. Joseph's
Portuguese Church, a native of Portugal, aged
46 years 6 months and 6 days.
49-Tbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from St. Joseph's
Portuguese Church, Chestnut street, between
Seventh and Klghth, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Su Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
GOMEZ— In this city, June 27, 1896. Mrs. Louisa
Gomez, a native of San Francisco, aged 38 year*
1 month and 22 days. [Sacramento papers
piease copy. j ■•: i v;«:
jUg-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from 447 Broad-
way.
GORDAN— In this city, June 28, 1»96, Patrick
George, relict of the late Mary Gordan, and
father of James, Martin, Michael and Willie
Gordan. and Mrs. Hallo way and .Mrs. Drew, and
brother of Bessie Goraan. Mrs. Phil bin Mrs. Gib-
bons and Mrs. Danzi, a native of the parish of
Backs, County Mayo, Ireland, aged 68 years.
GREENE— In this city, June 27, 1896, Joseph
Raymond Greene, beloved son of Joseph C. and
Irene Greene, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 3 years 11 months and 12 days.
JtarFrfends ana acquaintance? »— r*sne<sV
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of his parents. 1405 Powell street,
thence to TnJrd ana Townsend streets for 11:30
o'clock a. _ train. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HARM AN— Santa Clara, June 28, 1896, Mary
Harman, sister of Mrs. James Collins and aunt
or John S., James, Joseph and William Collins,
a native of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 65 years.
jJSTFrlends and acquaintances are resneov
folly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock a. M.. from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
' pose of bei soul, commencing At 9 o'clock a. —
; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAMPEL— In East Oakland, June 27. 1896,
Helena Hampel, widow of the late C. F. Ham-'
pel, and mother of Edward and Fred Ham pel,'
a native or Marburg, Germany, aged 62 years 4
months and 14 days.
83-Friends and acquaintances am resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. *.. at
the late residence of deceased. 76 1 East Twelfth
street. East Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
HEUREUX-In this city, June 21. 1896, Edward
Heureux, a native of Canada, aged 62 years.
IRENE-In this city. June 'J7. 1896. Emilio
Irene, dearly beloved husband of Josephine
Irene, a native of Italy, aged 32 years.
£s~Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. h., from nis late resi-
dence. 1327 Pacific street, thence to the Italian
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, June 24. 1896, Nellie
Jobnson. a native of Illinois, aged 30 years.
LARMER— Tn Oakland, June 26. 189!5, Arthur
Gerald Evans Larmer, a native of Oakland, aged
4 months and 15 days.
LEE— In this city, June 28. 1896, Clarence H. J.
Lee, beloved son of Edward and Mary Lee, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 16
days.
McCORMICK— In this city, Jnne 27, 1816, Julia
McCormlck, a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged 83 years.
»-The funeral will take plac* THI3 D*.Y
(Monday), at 1 :30 o'clock P. m.. from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Julia jloCarthy. 78S
Clementina street, near Ninth. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McGOWAN— An anniversary high mass will be
celebrated at St. DomlnicVs Church TO-MOR-
ROW (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. h., for the re-
pose of* the soul of the late John McGowan.
Friends are invited to attend.
McMAlN— In this city, June 26, 1896, James Mc-
Main, a native of New York, aged 53 years.
MCWILLIA.MB— In tbla city, June 28. 1896.
William A. McWilliams, beloved husband of
Anaa E. MoWilliams, and father of Mrs. 8. S.
Palmer, Mri. Robert H. Morse, William A.,
John H., Clara L., Kate F., Alex G. and Joseph
L. McWillisms, a native of County Derry, Ire-
land, aged 67 years. [Sacramento and Baltl-
m ore paners please copy. ]
£g-No;lceof funeral hereafter.
MACDONALD— In this city. June 26, 1896, Helen
Coilischonn Macdonald.
MF.AGHER— In thle city, Jnne 27, 1896, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Daniel Meagher, late of Marl-
posa County, Cal., a native of Queens County,
Ireland, aged 78 years.
MYERS— In Leipzig. Germany. January ?, 1896,
Andrew Myers, a native of Germany, axed 86
years 8 months and '25 days.
SHEEHAN-In Wilua, N. V., June 25. 1896,
Veronica, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Shee-
han, aged 11 months and s. days.
WALLACE — In this city, June 28, 1896. C. Floa-
sie, only and beloved daughter of Grant and Jes-
sie Wallace, a native of San Jose, Cal., aged 1
year 4 mouths and 8 days.
WEDVIG— In this city. June 28, 1896. Michael
S., beloved and youngest son of P. C. and
Amanda Wedvig. a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years »nd 19 days.
WELSH— In this city, Magdalen Welsh, dearly
beloved wife or Joseph Welsh, and daughter of
Kate and the late Gustavus Borle, sister of Mrs.
Emma Coyle, Mrs. Katie Lester. Lily, Laura
and L^wis Borle. n native of San Francisco, aged
21 years and 5 months.
WEST— In this city. June 27. 1896. Kate West,
dearly beloved sister of Mary E., Margaret,
Thomas and George West, a native of Count/
Sllgo. Ireland, aged 25 years.
gyFrlencn and ar:quitiniano'»» ar" resDeiv
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of the Pac fie Undertaker*. 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. liuerinent
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WYNN— In Livermore, June H7. 1893, Watkin
'A'l! Mam Wvnn, a native of Moatnoutbgblre,
Wales. a«ed 75 years.
«arThe funeral mil take nlac* THIS DAY
(Monday), at 'i o'clock p. m.. from the Pres-
I byterian Church.
MOAVOY A GALLAGHER, *
FUNKRAL DIRrTTORS A EMBA LUKES,
tO Fifth St.. Opp. Lincoln School.
1 Telephone 3080. •■ ' '
linn ■ " . |T "' '«' : ;
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
INCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WJW
X Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Red Men
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Ma' 00 County: nearest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian. In no sensb kxcli'sivk;
PBR^'KCT TiTLK . A NTEED; location unex-
celled. ■•- ■ r ■ ■■■ ..■ ' - •-• '• ■■'"'
'."-. Please call at office. 997 Market St., before select-
Ing burial place elnswhere.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/-IHARLEB •H. • PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-
VJ law and Notary Public, 633 Market su, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Ke*ideno9 ItUJ
fell »v Telephone. "Pins" ii«*i.
1314
AN UNCLE AND
NIECE WEDDED,
The Ceremony Performed
on the High Seas
Yesterday.
THEY ARE FROM FRESNO
Deceived the Tug Captain as
to Their True Rela
tionship.
A QUESTIONABLE CONTRACT.
Attorney Rossi's Strange Opinion Up:n
the International Law of
Marriage.
Yesterday Vicenzo Maglio and Theresa
Maglio of Fresno were married on the
high seas, and outside of the jurisdiction
of the State of California.
It is well for the wedding couple that
there were three miles of ocean rolling
between them and the beach, otherwise
the penal code would be divorcing them
ere the marriage feast was cold.
Even the fact that the father of the
bridewas present and gave his daughter
away would not legalize the ceremony if
gone through vrithin the limits of this
State, for the gin is the daughter of her
husband's brother. In that case the mar
riage would be within the law of consan
guinity, being that of uncle and niece, and
would have been a crime committed by
both parties, punishable by imprisonment
in the State prison not exceeding ten
years.
The two brothers, with the young woman,
arrived in this City from Fresno Saturday
and secured the services of the tug Yigi
lant. The father represented to Captain
Brokaw that the couple desired to be
married at sea, notwithstanding the
fact that she was his daughter.
He also stated that she was 17 and
and the prospective bridegroom 30 years
of age. He explained the similarity of
names by saying that they were distantly
related. They did not wish to be married
by a Catholic priest, but prefened the
romance of the sea and to be joined to
gether by the master of a vessel.
Yesterday morning the three Maglios,
with Attorney F. A. Rossi and two otner
persons as witnesses, boarded the tug
Vigilant and steamed out through the
heads. The happy occasion was not re
plete with that joyousness that usually
marks a wedding, and the reluctance of all
parties to take the step was apparent. The
young woman was depressed even before
the tug beeran to lift over the swell of the
bar and then seasickness made her distress
pitiatile. In fact, notwithstanding the
ocean was quite calm, most all the rarty
were afflicted by the slight motions of the
vessel.
After reaching a point six or seven
miles outside Captain Brokaw read the
marriage service binding the couple
together in matrimony, the father of the
bride giving his consent to her union with
her uncle. The party then returned to
the City.
Attorney Rossi said last evening in an
interview that the M&gliofl were clients of
his, and he did not desire to give out any
details of the affair to the press.
"The matter," said he, "will hardly bear
discussion. Within the limits of the State
such a marriage would be punishable by
imprisonment, but out on the high seas
it is different. There is no international
law regarding intermarriages outside of a
State Government.
"The young woman was under ace, but
her father was present and gave his con
sent. All of the parties are well-to-do
people living in Fresno. The couple were
married by the captain of the tug, as he is
legally authorized to do."
"Did he know that they were uncle and
niece?"
"No. I believe he was unaware of that
relationship. As 1 said before, I do not
wisn to go into the reasons which moved
the parties concerned to take such a step.
Anyhow, they are married. "
There are some doubts, however,
whether such a union as this is will not
bring the high-sea contracting parties
under the ban of the law. A mar
riage by a. master mariner at sea
©n board of his own vessel is a
privilege rather than a moral right, but it
is a question whether a man and woman
so far within the degree of consanguinity,
after going through any form of marriage,
will be permitted to live together as hus
band and wife. It is a void contract, con
sequently no contract, ana the would-be
Mr. and Mrs. Vincenzo Maglio from
Fresno will probably find any act under
its provisions cannot but be illegal, and
the would-be Mr. and Mrs. Vincenzo
Maglio from Fresno will probably
find a policeman knocking at their
pseudo-nuptial door with a warrant for
tbeir arrest. As the young woman is not
a wife and is a minor she is yet under the
legal control of her father, who counsels
her to live in an unlawful relationship
with his own brother.
It waa a peculiar piece of Sunday work,
that marriage.
NJEW TO-DAY.
[/ Full \
tL Ciino^er Ik
•vl\\, VJUIiLVI /me*
-W%f/ Jamaica Ginger
Wrf is made of pure gin- \|f|i
ger. No adulterants \^
II — no brandy. Nothing V,
/( but ginger in solution. An \\
/ infallible corrective for stom- \l
f ach troubles and similar com- 1
plaints. A natural stimulant
for the system and nerves.
Be sure and get the genuine
Vi -^S/vvOiCV— I
\\ - ' II
V FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia. II
Stars of the Pugilistic Firmament Stoop to Shed Luster on Two Humble Baseball Fields.
DECADENCE OF THE
NATIONAL GAME,
Hippodroming to Revive the
Interest in Base
ball.
CORBETT AT THE BAT.
The Champion Pugilist Plays on
the Presidio Athletic
Diamond.
THOMAS BHABKEY, UMPIRE.
The Sailor Fighter Did Net Know
How to Duck Away From an
Inside Curve.
"It's mighty hard lines the good, old
honest game of baseball lias fallen into
when the people have to be jollied into
coming to see it by exhibiting a pugilist
as the star attraction," said a disgruntled
enthusiast yesterday.
"Coroett's a pretty good ballplayer, but
he's a much better boxer and baseball
isn't in bis class.
"But Sharkey! Well, he knows as
mucn about umpiring a game as I know
about r.ueilism, and that's nothing. He
was as much use in the Folsom-street
game yesterday as a second tail would be
to a dog. He didn't Know enough to keep
out of the way of the ball."
Although the disgruntled individual did
not use the choicest of English he voiced
the sentiment of almost every lover of the
National game who witnessed either of
yesterday's contests. It is to be regretted
that the managers of the sport which has
for years been above reproach in every re
spect, should see tit, for an ephemeral ad
vantage to aJly it with a business that is
outlawed in almost every State in the
Union.
Mr. Sharkey would doubtless shine as an
umpire in such a game as that at Louis
ville, Ky., one day last week, when several
of the players assaulted the deciding of
ficer. Mr. Corbett might likewise be
a star of the first magnitude in a team
composed of such pugnacious players, but
here, where baseball is conducted as it
should be, there is hardly need of the ser
vice of either of the illustrious gentlemen.
When Thomas Sharkey, professor of the
manly art, resplendent in a new pray suit
and a dream of a hat, appeared on the
ball held yesterday be was accorded a most
flattering reception. He was the recipi
ent of a beautilul bouquet of flowers and
much applause, but when Thomas
Sharkey, umpire, took his place behind
the pitcher the crowd laughed. Sharkey
was ciearly a figurehead. Donahue um
pired the game, while his companion
simply looked on and dazzled ail eyes in
the grand stand by reflecting therein the
brilliant rays of the sun from the diamond
which he wore in his shirtfront.
For one inning the conqueror of the
mighty Corbett successfully ducked the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 29, 1896.
ball whenever it came his way. Then as
he began to acquire confidence in himself
be suddenly received a terrific blow below
the ripht ear. Pitcher Doyle haa unex
pectedly turned and tried to catch a run
ner at second base. As he whirled about
he threw the ball with all his strength.
Sbarkey saw it coming but he could
neither sideßtep nor stop it and he liter
ally "got it in the neck." The missile hit
him squarely. Sharkey shrugged his
shoulders, smiled sheenishly and the boys
on the bleachers yelled loudly. The San
Francisco players scurried around the
bases and before the startled pitcher knew
whether to run for his life or go after the
ball two unearned runs had been scored.
After that the honorary umpire dodged
whenever the ball came his wav and was
evidently glad when the game was over.
When Corbett put in an appearance on
the grounds, unlike Sharkey, he failed to
be the recipient of a bouquet. However,
his carriage called forth the full comple
ment erf wordy gush, with which the
schoolgirls' vocabulary is crowded. "Isn't
he sweet !" "Just see what a lovely com
plexion!" "Isn't he prettily built?" and
ali such stuff, were the exclamations to be
heard, and every once in a while some
irreverant boy would break in with re
marks that were evidently out of place in
a game where it was not baseball the dear
girls wanted to see, but Champion Corbett.
Charles Gagus umpired in a/ most satis
factory manner. That is, it must have
been satisfactory, for at no time did the
Pacifies, with the champion on first base,
have any argument with him. All de
cisions were carefully given against the
Californias, and no doubt they deserved
such treatment. A lover of baseball
would probably go further than that, and
say they deserved worse treatment than
they received.
In the third inning Corbett was caught
napping between first and second. His
friends said he had done it purposely to
allow Strei to make the home plate from
third. Perhaps he did, but he looked
sheepish when a little bit of a playet beat
him running and put him out.
The greatest mix up of the afternoon
was in the fifth inning. The Californias
were at the bat. McCord was on first try
ing to steal second. McCarthy threw the
ball to Corbett in hot style. The cham
pion was busily trying to think whether it
would be better to* let the ball pass or to
try and catch it. In the meantime McCord
played for safety. Unfortunately Corbett
was between him and the base and he had
no time to calculate what would be the
consequences.
The crash came. Talk about the hip
lock Sharkey got on Sullivan's conqueror,
it was nothing like the collision brought
about by McCord. Big Jim's legs flew
l from under him and with a half hand
spring he flew through the air, landing on
a soft spot, for McCord was underneath.
Poor McCord ! It will be a long titne be
fore he will forget the weight of the 190
-pound champion on his backbone.
OAKLAND WON EASILY.
The Local Men Could Do Nothing
With Doyle's Delivery.
The California Baseball League opened
its season of '96 most anspiciously. There
was a big crowd in attendance at the new
grounds, Sixteenth and Folsom streets,
and every one present went away delighted
with the game that was played. After the
first two innings it was as pretty a contest
as one would care to see. Both pitchers
were very effective and the fielding of all
the players, with the single exception of
King, was above the average.
Pitcher Iberg of the San Franciscos was
a bit nervous at the beginning, but soon
steadied down, and during the last seven
innings allowed the opposing batsmen but
five scattered bits. Doyle of the Oakland*,
however, saw Ibers'sgame and went him
a few notches better. The San Franciscos
were able to cull but five safe hits off his
delivery during the entire game.
Oakland was first at the oat and at tne
outset gained a lead of three runs. After
Leonard had been retired, Gana singled to
left and Hanley got a life on Iberg's error,
Zann going to second. Tillson then forced
Zann at third, but gained first on the
play. Doyle, Scott and "Ittg Bell" Brown
followed with a single each, scoring Han
ley, Tillson and Doyle. Delmas retired
the side by striking out.
in their half of the first the local men
made two runs on errors by Doyle and
Tillson, Krug'soutand Umpire Sharkey's
skillful stop of the ball thrown by Pitcher
Doyle.
In the second, Oakland gathered in two
more runs on a base on balls, two errors
and one hit. At this point it looked as
though it was going to be an amateurish
sort of game, in which errors would be the
princpal factors. Everybody was agreea
bly surprised, however, for the two teams
now got down to hard work and but two
runs were made during the rest of the
afternoon.
The home team got one man around the
bases in the fourth. Murphy was hit by a
pitched ball and scored on singles by
Swett and Iberg. The visitors scored their
other run in the eighth on McCarthy's
single, two sacrifice hits and Smith's er
ror.
Delmas, the Oakland right fielder, dis
tinguished himself by two splendid run
ning catches of what looked like safe hits.
VMMIKV.
Oakland*. a.h. b. Ib. s.b. id. a. X-
Leonard, lb 5 110 7 10
Zann, l.f. 5 0 112 0 0
Hanley, 2 b 4 10 0 2 2 1
Tillson, s. 8 5 10 0 0 3 0
T.Doyle, p 5 13 0 110
Soott.c: 5 0 10 6 0 1
W. Brown, 3b 5 0 !i 0 3 2 2
Delmas. r.f. 5 0 114 0 0
McCarthy,*. f 4 2 112 0 0
Totals. 43 6 10 S 27 9 4
San Fbanciscos. a.b. r. Ib. s.b. P.o. a. c.
Eber, c.f 4 10 0 10 0
Krug. s. s 4 0 0 0 2 4 4
K. Smith, 2 b 4 110 3 3 2
P. Sweeney, 3 b 4 0 0 0 4 3ft
Levy, 1. t 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Murphy, r. f 3 10 0 0 0 0
Swett, 1 b 4 0 1 0 12 0 1.
Iberg, p 4 0 2 0 16 1
Peters, o 4 0 10 4 0 0
Total 35 3 5 0 27 15 9
SCORE BY INNINGS.
Oakland*. 3 2 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—6
San Franclscos 2 0 0 10 0 0 0 o—3
Two-base hits— Peters, Doyle. Double play — P.
Sweeney to Swett. Base on balls— Off Iberg 2.
Hit by pitched ball— Murphy, struck ou:— By
Doyle 6, by Iberg 4. Passed DAll— Peters. Um
pirea—Donahue and Sharkey.
DROWNED IN THE BAY.
Fred Western Fell From the Schooner
lolumbuii to Hit Death.
As Fred Western, a sailor, was repairing
the bowsprit of the scow-schooner Colum
bus, anchored off Black Point, yesterday
morning, he missed his footing and fell
into the bay. A ttrong tide was running,
and as Western was unable to swim he
was soon carried quite a distance from the
schooner.
He called for help and Captain George
Fenden, who was below at the time of the
accident, bearing the shouts, rushed on
deck and threw a life-preserver to the
drowning man. Western, however, had
become exhausted through his struggles
in the water, and just as he was about to
grasp the life-buoy he collapsed and sank.
The captain in the meantime had pro
cured a boat and a grappling-iron, but his
efforts to save the unfortunate seaman
were without avail.
The case was reported to the Coroner's
office last evening by Captain Roberts, who
will take charge of the body in case it is
recovered.
BLANCHE L. BATES TO-NIGHT.
Her New Role in a New Pl»y at the
Columbia Theater.
Blanche Bates will be seen as Nell Bil
lings in "His Wife's Father," the splendid
comedy that ran for over six months in
New York last season. Miss Bates goes
with William H. Crane next year as his
leading lady.
The cycles in use in the French army
are to be provided with an electric light
which can be turned on and off at will.
CORBETT REPEATS
"SHARKEY'S A DUB."
The Champion Says He
Will Prove It in
the Ring.
'TIS ONLY SMALL TALK.
But the Sailor Lad Is Inclined
to Take It Quite Se
riously.
IS TJBUSED TO PLEASANTRIES.
He Threatens to Thrash Corbett in
His Hotel Apartment If He
Does Not C?ase.
Thomas Sharkey, in a resplendent suit
of pearl-gray, an immaculate shin front
bedecked with diamonds, was kep: busy
yesterday afternoon dodging baseballs
while he umpired a game at the new ball
grounds on Folsom street.
His new calling, coming so fast on the
heels of his debut last Friday night as an
actor, left him in a quasi-muddled mental
condition worse than when Jim Corbett
raised a "mouse" over his right eye in
their memorable four-round "go" at the
Pavilion.
He did not care to discuss pugilism to
any great extent when seen last evening,
excepting to reiterate that he was not go
ing to "lick" anybody for six months ex
cepting Jim Corbett, and if the latter
gentleman did not mind his p's and q's he
might not stand his abuse that long.
It is evident in many ways that Sharkey
is not yet a full-fledged prize-fighter. He
does not yet trrasp the idea that the deens
of the pugilistic faculties must not neces
sarily restrict their qualifications to
thumping an opponent into insensibility.
He does not know that the best of his
class must learn to not get ancry when
called a "liar," "cur," "pup," "dub" and
the like. Instead, the greatest generals in
"pugdom" have for many decades not only
fought with their fists, but stood abuse,
and showed their superiority by winding
all comers with hot. scorching words.
Jim Corbett, on the other hand, knows
more than Sharkey. He has hed a few
years standing the abuse of John L. Sulli
van and Charley Mitchell, both of wliom
he severely punished when he got them in
a 24-foot ring for using his name in vain.
He has likewise had to stand the abuse of
"Lanky Bob" Fitzsimmons, whom he has
chased away into England, and whom he
hopes to some day catch and spank. So
he knows something about these little
amenities of the squared ring.
Yesterday he laughed right heartily
when informed of what Sharkey was say
ing about him. It is not a laughing mat
ter either; for Sharkey has declared if
Corbett calls him a 'dub" again, or any
other such name, he will seek him in the
seclusion of his apartment at the St.
Nicholas and administer to him such a
physical chastisement as he deems will fi;
the alleged insult
"Sharkey's crazy," he said. "He won't
do anything of the kind. I called him a
'dub,' and he is a 'dub.' I will prove him
he's a 'dub' the next time we meet in the
ring."
In the meantime Corbett will leave here
to-morrow for Bartlett Springs with his
mother, sister and wife. The stay there
will not be less than two weeks, after
which he will return ami leave for As
bury Park, his regular training quarters.
DID NOT MAKE A RUN.
The Caltfornlas Badly Beaten by
the Paciflcs at Presidio Park.
The fact that James J. Corbett played
first base for the Pacifies against the Cali
fornias brought out a couple of thousand
people to witness the game at the Presidio
Athletic grounds yesterday afternoon.
To the baseball devotee there was little
of interest in the game, but it must be un
derstood that the engaging of the cham
pion pugilist to play ball was not intended
to bring out baseball cranks but rather
their fellow-wheelsmen and women daft
on pugilistic hero-worship.
There were by far more ladies than gen
tlemen in attendance, and the small ob
trusive boy outnumbered both.
Whether it was that the champion pu
gilist was in the nine pitted against them,
and that they were awed by his presence,
the Californias played execrable ball.
Klopf, the pitcher, did well or rather as
well as could be expected against a fairiy
strong battery and a dastardly support.
His outfield muffed aud fumbled to the
evident delight of the crowd that seemed
to delight in the errors. Buckley, in cen
terfield, was the only other redeeming
feature of the nine.
The Californias made a goose egg in the
way of scores and sixteen errors.
The Pacifies made eight runs and only
four errors. The score:
SUMMARY.
PACIFICB. A.B. R. 18. S.B. P.O. A. K.
Monahan, s. s. 5 110 0 10
Beckett. 2 b .;. 4 1 2 1 3 8 1
Strel.c. 1...... 4 13 12 0 0
Corbett, 1 b.... 4 1 2 0 10 0 1
Grlnnell, 3b. 4- 12 0 18 1
Jiluller.l. I- 4 12 0 10 0
McCarthy, p. 4 110 0 3 0
McDernjo t, r. f.... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Hammond, c 5 13 19 2 1
Totals.... 38 8 16 3 27 12 4
('AIIFOBNMS. A.B. R. 18. 8.8. P.O. A. ¥..
Shea, 2 b....... & 0 1 0 5 2 2
Klopf, p ..4 0 10 0 3 3
Mullee, Ib. ..4 0 10 6 0 1
Bodie, c ....4 021511
Buckley, c. f 4000 4 0 1
Cannon, r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
McCord, 8.5.. 3 0 2 0 2 2 4
Zfls. 3 b... 3 0 0 0 2 0 2
Bruce, 1. t 30 10 02
Totals ...33 0 8 1 ■ 24 8 16
BCOBK BY INNINGS.
Callfornias ....:.O 0-0-0.0.0 0 0 o—o
Pacifies .......3 0 10 12 0 1 *-8
-Earned runs— Pacifies 8. Two-base hits— Bodie,
brio nel, Hammond, Muller. Bases on Dal Is— off
McCarthy 2. Passed Bodie. Wild pitch—
Klopf. Struck oat— By Klopf 3, by McCarthy 10.
— Uugus. ■.;..-•
»—»» — » •
Accused by Hi* Stepdaughter.
Charles G. Warner, a varnisher, living at
413 Twenty-eighth street, was arrested at an
'early hour yesterday morning on a warrant
charging him with assault. The complaining
witness is his stepdaughter, Minnie Tilton, 16
years of age. Warner gives the charge an
emphatic denial and says it has been actuated
by spite, as he had ordered the girl to leave
the house owing to her alleged conduct with a
peddler who lives in the neighborhood.
"When Baby was sick, we ga^e her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
BLACK NOVELTY
J)RESSJHp !
EXTBAORDiHARY REDUCTIOHSIH PRICES
Our patrons are informed that we have
made EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS IN
PRICES throughout our FRENCH AND
ENGLISH BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENTS
and we invite special attention to the fol-
lowing items :
15 BLACK NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON
DRESS PATTERNS $10.50 each
Reduced from $17. 50.
12 BLACK NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON
and ETAMINE DRESS PATTERNS
$14.00 each
Reduced from $22. 50.
9 BLACK NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON
and ETAMINE DRESS PATTERNS....
$17.50 each
Reduced from $27.50.
14 BLACK NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON
and ETAMINE DRESS PATTERNS
$2 1 .00 each
Reduced from $32. 50.
250 BLACK NOVELTY ENGLISH BRO-
CADED DRESS PATTERNS. . . .$7.00 each
(18 Different Designs), Regular price $10.50.
36 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM
SERGE, fuIJ 45 inches wide (warranted
fast black) 50c per yard
Worth 75c.
SEE OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
• 11, 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
Away from home?
Write. We'll send what
you want.
Big orders, little orders,
answers to questions — any-
thing.
Catalogue free.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
O. K. Whiskey
regularly $4 00 <;al $3 00
1 00 bot 3 bots 2 00
remarks unnecessary.
Beer — Anheuser-Busch
(St. Louis)
reguiarJy quarts $2 25 d0z .... $2 00
" pints ■ I 50 " .... 1 25
Best beer brewed.
Improved Pasha Blend
Coffee 30c
regularly 37}£c.
Notice that word improved, it
means we are using a better for-
mula of several coffees.
Italian Olive Oil gal $i 60
M " 85
regularly gals $2 25 }& gals $1 25
Ferrari's; pure.
Deviled Ham tin 20c
regularly large tin 25c
Underwood
Bouillon Capsules box 25c
regularly 30c. Anker's.
Beef tea in convenient form for
picnics and campers.
Cox's Gelatine 2 boxes 25c
regularly 3 boxes 50c. Large.
Maatjes herring did arrive
last Friday.
Hires' sparkling root beer,
ready to drink, reduced to ioc
WEDDINQ
In I ! D a Y ons ' Annou ncementB, Cards. e?o Enenved
and PrtntPd. Correct style, low rates 2o?fm Jles
and directions for correct form, modern wedding
toailedpostpald for 10 cents In stamps. • Brunt'
Pink ftjiXTLVQ, 535 Clay SU.Saa FraJScfsco. Caj'
.^vt^fesAyU^ v j / FIFTY-DOLLAR
I|iilg|i ELECTRIC BELTS
W^jrfts?^ l^—^ra 17 OR $'^5; S4O BELTS
JS»«b(^^^rtV(g^' T for 820, and $30 Belts
l£fr/Wr : ?3B'f!=?sCvv ! - for $15; also good belts for
j?r 5W=/.wi * 5. • Latest patent and alt
' {• <jfcj-iT Improvements. &jg~ Call
or write tor new pamphlet
y* So. 2. Address DX.
PIKRCK & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearuy,
second* laird aad luurUi floors ban iraucisca
UNITED S.ATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MA-NCHr.STER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. I). 1895. and for the
yonrenaim: on that •lay, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursua a
to the provisions of spctiom» 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, con I ensea as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
ASSKTS.
Real Estate owned by Company $385,585 73
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,549,502 50
Cash in Company's Oftice 1.U9 88
Cash in Banks 127,20161
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
.tion 244.436 33
Total asaests »2,307,»66 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $70,460 18
Losses in process of Adjustment or
inSuspense 119,953 00
Losses resisted including expenses.. 38,589 85
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or less, $1,645,-
-961 90. reinsurance 50 percent.. 772,980 96
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nins; more than one year. $ *B'~',-
-766 10, reinsurance pro rata. . . 490,830 63
All other demands against the Com-
pany 45,000 00
Total liabilities »1. 537.814 70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
preminms $1,896,651 43
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 65,964 26
Received for Rents 3.443 83
Total income '. $1,966.059 58
EXPEXDITCRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses — $1,113,679 81
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokeraje 813,603 94
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for Officers, Clerks, etc.. 171,951 02
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 42.957 96
All other payments and expenditures 149,964 34
Total expenditures 792.156 87
Fire Losses Incurred
during the year... 81.062.339 00
i ~ \
i bisks <£ rnF.Mii'Mi. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
: written during the
year......... 1*224.396,432 $2,584,043 13
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 217,651,094 2,562.295 59
Net amount in force
December 31, 1895 208.943.226! 2,428,728 00
E. LITCHFIELD, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th day
of January. 1896. _ ■
C. K. VALENTINE, Notary Public.
HAM. & mm, Managers,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
N. E. Corner California and Sansome Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO CAT,.
FOR
tFsne Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Beit of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
'THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to ordsr from $4.01
SUITS made to order from $15.00
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!)
324 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market SI
SAM FRANCISCO.